®1je MoxuitiIijr. sCHjRI§TMAS,;EyE, , LADY ENXEIIDALE'S JEWELS. “ You will undoubtedly l^sq^tlmt- case, or have it stolen from you, one ofithese days,” said Lord Ennerdale to liis vrife,"in a peculiarly acidulated tonejof voice Which her ladyship." aljove all things disliked to It was the 20th of December, | Lord: and Lady Ennierllald'Sveji; going ^own to 'Fairmedd - for " the Rpurp6sb-6f. enjoying Christmas’ with Mr. and Mrs. Nugcnt_ Dawson. Quite a large and distinguished company were met there, and i Lady, Ennerdale had determined to take j jljtjjfj diamonds. :-V Shejlbltf1 Bu^enthat np suoE necklace as hers would be seen a(j Fair mead. It was not merely that thejstones of which it was composed were remdrkable for their weight and brilliancy, it was the ifact;ofetheij%eing so . inimitably matched as2regSfdbdrfBii:e'‘aM“q\f1tfity tLajt gave the necklace an almost unique reputation, among such baubles. It had come down;) to the present earl from his groat-grandk ifatherjjvhp^ad brougjiti|ywith himififom indmjjfcheraVere strange stories afloat at the time as to the mode in which he had l ect ...e possessed of it.) mid it was looked upon as being as much a part of the en tailed property as Yi'yciicombe itself. lliere was a second family jewel of lesser value than the necklace, but almost 5 b l,,d" ;i i :n, .. certain emerald bi . which h:: • vn and heir-locmi in flic ..o.icrdale family for generations, and sum ynuoreu on the nmi ol one countess alter another from the days of Queen Ann, until now. That the Lady lannerdale duly prized these family treasures need hardly be said, hut being naturally of a somewhat forget ful and unsuspicious disposition, her hus band more than once had felt himself eom w 'h'd to beg of b :• tii look'more bereft!” after their safe keeping. On one oc siott her ladyship had left her jewel-ease behind her, when returning from a coun try visit, and had not discovered her loss till the train had taken her twenty miles on her homeward journey. In this in stance the te.egraph was tit once put into raiuisition, and no harm ensued. Another time there was clear evidence that an attempt had been made to enter her dressing-room at home, with what internum mere coma ue mn lime iionui. Tlic attempt, however, luicl been foiled, Imt even hiul it been successful the thieves would not have found the booty they were doubtless in search of, the earl having taken the precaution to deposit the neck lace and other valuables with his bankers only a lew days previously. Knowing, as ho did, how forget Till his wife often was, even over matters of much impor tance, it was not to \n; wondered at that his lordship felt an uneasy qualm with re gard to the safety of the family jewels. In the present instance, in order that there might be no mistake in the matter, her ladyship,] before leaving Grosvenor Square, had with her own hands put the case under the seat of the brougham. A larger c..se, containing less valuable articles, was in charge of l’iper, her maid. All had gone well till King’s Cross was reached. Here the earl, alighting iirst, went forward at once into the booking hall. Half a minute later her ladyship followed him, carrying Carlo under one arm, but serenely forgetful of the fate of the jewel-case left under the seat of the brougham. The carl had obtained his tickets and was counting the change, when a horrible recollection flashed across her ladyship's brain. Setting Carlo unceremoniously down, she ran across the booking-hall in a very undignified man ner for a countess, and was just in time to seedlie brougham disappear round the corner on its way back from the station. A porter was dispatched after it at full speed, and fiye minutes later LadyEnncr dale had the satisfaction of having the jewel-case placed in her hands. Then it was that the earl, who had followed her out, had said to her in Ids iciest tones,— “ You will certainly either lose that :cascjJbr' ’have‘’it •'stolen front1 'you, one W ^lhese.days.2. ... It was only rebuke, but her ladyship fqltsjti'ykifcijly.’r'llSli^fliSj thankful when Fairmead was reached, and the case safely- deposited, for the time being,'' in Mr. Nugent Dawson’s strong-room, i When 'fEiriilyii.StancIishy.bthe daughter of a poor commoner of good family, became the wife of the Earl of Enncrdale, everybody said that she had married i’or,.positipn, and to, a. certain .extent . cv'erybody was right. -iBut when everybody said it was impossible that she could ever love her husband—a, man nearly twice her age; a man whose days and nights were given up to fighting the battles of Opposition — then everybody for once proved to be in the wrong. When Lady Eunerdalo married : her husband' she- respected him greatly and iiked hipi. a , little,.- By 1 the time her wedding ring was six months old she had learned to love him with all sincerity— also to fear him a little—which latter was perhaps a wholesome state of 'fcoliugp seeing that with the best heart’in the world her ladyship was still somewhat of a feather brain. Some of her friends who had never experienced more than a torpid liking- for their husbands could not imagine what the countess could see in a man dike Enncrdale to make her so Me montee about him. To them lie seemed nothing more than a half-dried, undemonstrative Scotchman who wore check trousers and hick’shoes,,; and.: talked . with a north-i country burr—who was rarely to be seen without a .Blue Book in close proximity to ’him. They had never pehbtra’ted that husk of shyness in which the hard headed Scotchman shut himseli up from all save a few intimates. They remembered that wlienAyoungiHiai); and before lie came into the title, lie bad been noted for bis eccentricities and quaint, practical jokes. But they did not know-;'or else lliey hail conveniently forgotton, that lie bad bp.ejij equally noted for goodness of heart, and ■fii-c-'liarid'Otl ^'genorositjy' tlmt-’! had often made him the victim of designing knaves. Time had doubtless taught him: the. wisdom of reticence in many ways, but it linihvuot sp_oilt Jii|..gQoil-^heart, as bis wife was not long in finding out. In bis love she. found a safe and sunny anchorage from which there was no danger of her drifting’away. ' ’ Christmas Eve was here, and there was to he a grand dinner-party, at, Fair ■I shall..wear- ,my diamond- -necklace, to-nigjit,’. ,saiil..:,lady Enncrdale to her maiJ-_ with your pmli“satm,’ remarked Piper,’ obsequiously.. ^ . ‘ Tea wassetout in Mrs. NugenfDiiwson’s boudoir for such' of the ladies as chose to partake of it previously to dressing for dint* ncr. To several of them this half-hour’s interlude of tea and gossip, to which the gentlemen were not admitted;' was pne of the most agreeable episodes of the ‘ day. ,Beforp.^goingr4gwn _stairs this eveniip aJjed out If her own room iuiadlir husband’s dressing-room beyond. His lordship was- Busy ianiqnjjjhis le&ej;§, SsHfelgilrierally ’was m Ibis’ lime oi tlmiftf.’-*-X j Ennerdale, as sue 'stooped anct touched her husband’s forehead with her lipsj T have three .loiters still to answer,’ I shall-go dow3dto'®P!'librar3f”£i j diamonds ‘ To bo-sure, why not? Dawson has got tire ease locked^ up in his sti'ongjrqqm. ^ I%o$haS*oiiiyi.fh 'dsldlor it,’ A. ■ ^ * As the countess went down stairs sho \\\iiiiIi''Mr.J'DaiV£o4f‘fi six oclock was striking as they passid filsM - j Whilst Lady Ennerdale was taking tea, ftplLlhaugfe£)itaiq|tlcfel#$ good pppor tunity for her to spend half-an-hour-ih. tlic servant’s'hall. No- one-lovedajgossip moredliau Pipej, and it wasn’t her jnature to resist anyiipccasi6ia,,qf.'gra{ifymg her .wbaRndsft ^NoPSo'oriei-ahadikshe {safely., conveyed fliQ7jewetdjjqxrih^ii'ady; iSnner-, dalo’s dressing ro6m,T then she dipped down stairs on her own account, and in a few moments was plunged in the delights of a violent liirtntion. Time passes quickly when thus imployed> and when Piper thought that twenty minutes had gone she „ns uorr.liedlo find that nearly an hour had elapsed since she first came down. The remembrance of the neglected jewel-case flushed across her, ami jumpingupwith a shriek that consider ably started her companions, and put all romantic notions to flight, she quitted the room with as much haste as ghosts are said to disappear at crow time. Seven o’clock was striking as Piper hurried back up stairs. Time had. passed so pleasantly that for once she was really .’•ighfened t > P d how late it wsv. S’ ? noped most devoutly that her mistress was not waiting for her, and as she ran up stairs her ready brain coined a pleasant little fiction with which to turn away the sting of her .ladyship's just anger. .... On trying the door of tho. dressing room Piper found it locked. She gave a timid little knock, to which there was no response Then she knocked again more loudly, and criedoutinher affected tones.— ’isly Lady are you there?’ . .. b'tHL no answer. 1 lien sue went to the next iloor on the corridor, which was that of the countess's bed-room. Thai also was locked, as was the third door she tried, which opened into the Earl’s dressing-room. Slightly puzzled, Piper went down stairs at full speed. Meeting another servant, she said • Have the ladies done tea yet?’ but before she could be answered, the countess came out of .Mrs .Dawson's boudoir. • I was just opining down (p look) for / your ladyship,’ said Piper, glibly, but not without a guilty feeling at her heart. • Coming to look for tnc, Piper?’ ‘To ask your ladyship for the key of the dressing-room. The door’s looked and I i.m’t get in.’ ‘ My dressing-room door locked! What do you mean?’ - ‘ I just ran down stairs to the house keeper’s rooms to get a bit of camphor for my hollow tooth,’ replied the rcady tongued Piper. I was half distracted with face-ache, my lady. I had to wait while Mrs. Drabble found the camphor, though I couldn’t have been away more than live minutes, but when .1 got back up stairs I found the dressing-room door locked, and nobody answered when I knocked.’ ‘What became of my jewel-case while you were away from the room? ’ ■ ‘I left it unlocked on the dressing-table ready for your ladyship,’ answered Piper, more timidly, than she had .yet spoken. ‘ You left my jewel-ease on the dressing table while you went down stairs, and did not even take the precaution to lock the door after J’on,’ said the countess, in a tone of high displeasure. ‘What unpar donable carelessness !’f i v;? -,1 ■‘P ain vcry-;sdi-fy,'imy:‘lady',-’ returned Piper, numbly, for she was really alarmed at,:-the- responsibility she. had incurred by leaving the room. ‘ But no doubt the jewel-case is quite safe.’ ‘Safe!’ echoed the countess, turning cold at the bare idea of its being:anyThing else. ‘ What do you mean, Piper f.T. You really deserve a month’s-warning for such mpudence.’ ■ They luid' been slowly ascending the stairs as they talked, and had reached the dressing-room by this time. Without further parley .her ladyship '.turned the handle, but only to find that the .door was really locked. Then she knocked and said, ‘James, arc you there?’ hut there came no Piper meanwhile had tried the two other doors and found that they also were still locked, : This is Ennerdalc's doings,” said the countess to herself. “ He has found my jewel ease on the table, as Piper left it, anil lias locked the doors by. way of teach ■ing-us-to be more-rntef dl-in -future.’ She was seriously annoyed. . Nothing was more vexing to her than to be found fault with by her husband, and she knew that in the; present case lie would not hold her blameless. He would say that she ought to have given Piper a special caution not to leave the room while the jewel-case: was about. . \ '. ; j,<r j ■ See whether,you can, find.LordEnner dale,’ she said to Piper, 1 and ,say- that I should like to see him ns quickly as possi .hie,’. ..., . .... Away went Piper in fear and trembling. There was oulv one man in .the. .world oE whom she stood in awe, and tjiat man .was. the earl,. . She found him in the library alone immersed in some rare folio, and delivered her message. He answered her with a nod—being a man of few words —and shutting- up his hook at once, pro cci£t® lyJB'Mairj. injajleisui’elj'jivny, whist ling under his breath, and jingling the Wsfechapgedn his.^po.^ket _a^(.h§| went Piper followed, quaking" at heart! The earl found his wife with a shawl thrown round her, pacing the cold corri .‘!°Vv I •• •• \ . . .U-.'I v'jV.VU Y ‘ I want to get into my dressing-room,” she said to him,, with a little impatience in her tone. ‘ Be good enough to open the door. P shall ‘ hardly be dressed in tiuio for-dinnpr.’.jij The earl loolpid at, her ,,and-.tugged at his whiskers,-) .‘.Open the door of your dressing-room.?] he said, anil pray what is the matter with the door that I should be fetched,, all way from. Jhejihrar, it?” A.s if you did-not know! It is locked, ' - i door and that hf•yoiir ilrossing-roonli.y Bufc'flo ma<a, haste and open it. Of course it was ex cessivelj- careless of Piper to leave Ae HPWh'i I1'!® i-ofo^was-in it, and I imM iiiiAdjmUiTfd'ji I ‘ What!’ almost' shouted! the earl. ‘Your,jewel-case leftjn the room and the doors found’ locked! Then, as sure as you live, it has bcen_stolen!’ ‘ But it was you who locked the door, was, it not?’., A^edr the ^countess, with a sudden tremor in her voice. The earl made no answer in words, but dashing into the nearest bed-room that was Openy lfD': issued'-thdreffdmi .'the next moment,’poker in fiandiili,USng fcis im plement 1 as : a Tever,ifopinsSrtion.”hetween the door and the jamb, tlieh'arl,'afler half :a ■dozen’’ powerful wrenched; contrived to burst 'openthe door '6‘f ii5s"wiTe’s‘d?essing roorn. - He-rushed in, .. followed-by the countess, and, at a more'modest distance, fill "TPipefi 'Hfl’Hs'jtale tolfl it^pf in a mo ment. One of the two windows was wide open. The candles' hi the sconces were all blowiLout. save ope. An overturned ciilitf Wsh8t^ei^ir&, T^tliSijy^Enner dale’s jewcHcase_nowhere to be seen. ‘Bobbed, by Jove! Just as I thought,’ cried .the. ear};,with,.a.grqan.>,--j ^ i;i-Fo^tUfe'first'time nnihdf'ltfe Lidy En nerdale fainted. Her hhsbianct’lvas just in time to catch her or she would have fallen. Piper showed symptoms of com ingihysterlca.:: JwnjiH ‘Hold your tongue, you idiot!’cried tin earl, ste'rnlyy * and attend to your mistress. It is all through your carelessness that 'tin3:iluuIg.hfi5''hhp|ieied;j‘ 1 While Piper attended to the countess* the ^§$j^fand ex plored the two remaining rodma. Hutbo^ fore doing tin's he took n glance at the open window. Ho had made up his mind that he sliouhl find a ladder outside, and he did find one. The mode by which tiie thief or tlreves had obtained ingress to the room was immediately apparent. The three doors were locked on the inside, and the keys of two -of them were still in the locks. The third key was afterwards found on the carpet. At a cursory glance no further property than the jewel ease seemed to be missing, a fact that a subsequent exam ination fully confirmed. In the earl’s dressing room was a large and heavy travelling trunk of peculiarly substantial make. Sic: ping wn io examine this: his lordship was sunied to see certain marks round the lock which plainly indicated that some one had been trying to force it. The earl turned pale as be examined the marks by the aid of his candle. • How iortuuntc that they did not suc ceed in breaking it open.’ he exclaimed under his breath. There was a writing-table close by which the earl next proceeded to examine. The lock of this had been violently forced, but the contents, being nothing but letters and documents, had not been interfered with. An Indian cabinet of rare work manship, which stood on a table in the bedroom, had also been broken open, but nothing taken out of it. Money or jewelry had evidently been the object of the thieves’ quest, but not finding either, they had declined to burden themselves with any meaner spoil, and con tenting themselves with the case which contained the diamond necklace, the emer ald bracelet, and a few other articles, they had decamped as quietly as they had come. It was most fortunate that the other ease, in which was the countess’s own collect ion of jewels, which was still in Mr. Dawson's strong-room, or that would undoubtedly have been taken. While the carl was looking about in mueli perturbation of spirit, bis eye was caught by some strange object on the floor. He stooped and picked it up. It proved to be a chisel—the implement, undoubtedly, with which the writing desk and Indian cabinet had been forced open, and which had tested the strength of the earl’s travelling trunk. ‘ It’s all a mystery, I was never more puzzled in my life,’ said the earl to him self, as he put the chisel in his pocket I and went back to his wife's dressing-room. ‘ Who on earth could have done it.’ And yet there seemed nothing about ■ the affair that need have puzzled his lord ship. What could be more admirably simple than the way the robbery bus been " planned and carried out A ladder, a window, an empty room, a little box that a man might stow away in his great- coat pocket. Of a surety there was nothing mysterious in all tin's. Her ladyship was lying on the sofa, pale but conscious, when iter husband entered the drawing-room. • Go down stairs and ask Mr. Dawson to be good enough to stop up and see me,' said the earl to Piper as lie shut the win dow which tiie thieves had left open: ‘and see that at present you don’t say a word to anyone about tiie robbery.’ ‘Cau you ever forgive me James .” asked the countess, timidly, from tiie •I suppose I shall have to try to do so,’ answered the earl, a little grimly. ‘I shall never forgive myself,’ said tiie countess with tears in her voice. To this her husband made no response. With the assistance of his double eye glass lie was examining tiie marks left by a large and dirty boot on the chintz cover ing of a chair near tiie window. ‘ Don’t you think, dear, Unit there’s any chance of our recovering tiie—the stolen property ?’ asked tiie countess, after a pause. • Hot the remotest, I should say,’ was the sententious answer. • But what shall I do ?’ returned Lady Ennerdale in distress. ‘ My best jewels are gone—I have nothing left to wear.’ The countess was discouraged and buried her face in tiie pillows. It lie would but have .talked to her! There would have been some consolation in that, however slight. Site never felt so near disliking Her husband as when lie with drew himself into himself—“ just as if lie were a snail,’ as the countess sometimes said—and would not talk to her, would hardly even answer her questions. But it was not often he treated her thus. Per haps tiie very rarety of such treatment \- made her feel it all the more when she had to submit to it. Mr. Dawson came tramping up stairs as though he were tramping over one of his own turnip fields. A heavy man, with a red, good-huuiored face, and long sandy whiskers—it modem bucolic Eng lishmans Three minutes sufficed to put him in possession of the facts of the case ,so far as they were known. ‘ Send for the police without a minutes’ delay,’ was liis first orocular utterance, and he rang the bell as lie spoke. ‘ Capi tal fellow, Baylis, our head constable at . Crampton. We’ll have the country scoured from end to end before we’re six ; hours older. Every tramp, vagabonc and suspicious character shall be popped into '"the lock-up and made to prove where he , --was and what he was about this cven ing.’q. He spoke in such loud, cheerful tones that his words diffused quite a warm glow 1 And do you really think, Mr. Dawson, that we shall recover the necklace ?’ she asked in anxious tones. ‘ I’m sure I hope so, my dear lady. I don’t see why we shouldn't. These clever rogues generally over-reach themselves in one way or another, and as I said before, Baylis is an uncommonly sharp fellow.’ Then to a servant who had answered his ring, “ Tell Tompkins to take the dog cart, drive over to Crampton, and bring back Baylis, the head constable. He’s not to lose a minute. I shall expect him '1 back in an hour and a half from now.’ Turning to the earl, Mr. Dawson added, A ‘-If you’ll allow me my dear Ennerdale, I •c-. take this enquiry entirely into my own hands.’ ...:!♦ I,wish you would,’ said the earl; ‘It’s altogether out of my line, as you know.’ Then he handed to his host the. chisel which’he had .picked up. . ,s The ladder they no doubt got it from , vthe;toolhouse,’said Mr. Dawson, ‘Thero ' would be no.difficulty about that. But tjie ' ifact of their making your wife’s dressing 'robin their point of attack, and would \--‘J seem'to'indicate that the thieves, knew >W--*juiterwell7vthat they were about. In fact; there can be no doubt that they- know .—Lady -Ennerdale had brought her -dia-: -: montls with her, and knew equally well AAwhich was the likeliest .place to find them, y’ >Clever rogues.’, • > Lady Eanerdaledid not go 'do'to dinner 'that evening, but the earl ate his > mutton '^ ^and played liis rubber afterward^ quietly ..-jis.if..nothing had happened. t . He had " baen' Ja'ore. or rless a philosopher all liis 5 ri'ul' iiife. If the Jewbls were gqne.j he argued, ’it would make the loss worse by wony ill" about it. A lir.ppv faculty perhaps, that many of us might envy; but one that, carried to extreme, might lead to indolent inaction. ‘ You see. dear, Knnerdnlv I.- such a pitilos" i’.cr,’ said t'■<> countess to Mrs. Tuigent, Dawson. «:.-*• had gone up stairs to sit with her friend and administer such comfort as might In. possible tinder tin circumstances. ‘ 1 sometimes wonder whether he has any nerves at all. I be lieve if an earthquake were to take place his first care would be to have his beloved books dug out of the ruins. 1 wish l could be a philosopher.' added the poor countess with a sigh. Previous'." to this the Thinordah'* had been accommodated witii another suite of rooms, their old ones being given over for a lime to the police. Uaylis, accompanied by Mr. Dawson, who transformed himself into a detective for the time being and quite enjoyed the assumption, went tho roughly into the ail'air. They tramped up stairs and down, they scoured the gar dens .and slmbbery, they wagged their heads solemnly, they whispered confi dentially to eaeli other, although nobody was by, and then they tempered the keen ness of the December weather with season able potations of whisky toddy. All night long, after lie had gone to bed thoroughly lagged out, Mr. Dawson, like tiie Squire of Lucksley Hail, hunted in his dreams, only it was burglars and not foxes that lie chased through the realms of sleep. When Lord Ennerdale retired for the night ho found his wife asleep, her pillow wet with tears. His face softened as he looked at her. Stooping, ho touched her cheek softly with bis lips. The action awoke her. She grasped one of his hands in both hers. ‘ Oil, dames, wliat shall I do?’ she cried, and the tears trembled afresh on her eyelids. ■ Do. Mamie ! It seems to me the best thing you can do is to go to sleep again.’ lie so seldom called her by her pet name that she felt herself half forgiven ‘ 1 mil so very sorry —’ siie began. • UTot another word to-night, an’ thou Invest me,’said the earl, as he laid his linger lightly on her lips. It's no list crying over spilt milk. The diamonds are gone, more's the pity, but all the fretting in the world won't bring them back.’ • How I wish, darling. 1 could be a philosopher like you.’ The earls only answer was a shrug of the shoulders. jS’exi day, which was Christmas Day, some half dozen tramps were arrested at different places on suspicion of being im plicated in the burglary at. Fairmead. The follow ing day saw them all released but one. In the pockets of the one in question were found a set of skeleton keys. He hud been seen loaling about for two or three days previously, drinking at this and the other low public-house, but never for away from Fairmead. In addition to all this the account lie gave of his comings and goings on the evening of the burglary was anything but satisfactory. He was remanded on suspicion* and Mr. ETtgeut Dawson and Lord Ennerdale were at once communicated with. Xext. morning the two drove over to the justice-room at Crumpton. • An ill-conditioned cur as one would see in a day’s march,’ was Mr. Dawson's comment as the prisoner was brought ‘ We should have a hangdog look if we hadn’t been shaved for a week and had an ugly sear running right across one cheek, as that fellow has,’ said the earl. * He's not the sort of man, to my mind, who would be likely to plan and carry out such a robbery as ours.’ The ease against the prisoner was so suspicious that the magistrate remanded him for a week in order to give the police time to make further enquiries respecting his antecedents. At the end of the week nothing further had been elicited tending to criminate him. The grave fact still remained that a set of skeleton keys had been found in his possession, but it could not be shown that lie w as not in any way mixed up with the robbery at Fairmead. The magistrate made up his mind to com mit him for a month as a rogue and a vagabond. ‘ Poor devil ! why not let him go V said Lord Ennerdale, who was seated on the bench. ‘ Do you really mean it?’ asked (lie magistrate, in surprise. 11 do. 1 shall take it as a favor if you will let him go scot free. There’s no ease against him, and ho has suffered nine days’ imprisonment already. Surely a sufficient punishment for being taken lip on suspicion.’ Accordingly the prisoner was discharged with a caution to get away from the neigh borhood as quickly as possible. ‘ Had not Lord Ennerdale so kindly interceded for you, you would most cer tainly have been committed for a mouth,’ were the magistrate’s parting words. As Mr. Dawson and the earl were driving back to Fairmead they overtook their quondam prisoner, who was trudging wearily along the high road,- leaving Cramplon behind him. ‘ Hi ! you fellow,’ he called out. 1 Don’t let your face be seen in these parts again, or you won’t got off so easily next time.’ The earl said nothing, but tossed tlie mau a sovereign. Tic caught it dexter iously, aud.uut it in ly'? lujcket.., _, _0 his finger to his forehead. ‘ If we had a few* more like you there wouldn’t be half so many thieves in this world.’ ‘ Then you admit that ycu are a thief ?’ said Mr. Dawson, dryly. ‘ Whatever I am,’ said the man, 11 wish I may never see the sun set again if it was me as took the lady’s diamonds !’ 1 Gammon!’ ejaculated Mr. Dawson, contemptuously, as he flicked his. horse with the whip, and in another moment the man was left behind. Mr. Dawson preserved a sulky silence the rest of the way homo. He was annoy ed with the earl lor what he called his ■ • sentimental tomfoolery.’ Then lie con soled himself by saying, * But Ennerdale always was noted for his eccentricities, and this is only one more added to the number.’ : The Ennerdale robbery was a nine days’ wonder, as such affairs always are, and formed * material for a paragraph in every newspaper in the kingdom. The earl was; persuaded into offering a large reward, but nothing came of it; and as ho had said from the first that nothing would come of it, he could hardly be dis appointed. Such ladies of the countess’s acquaintance as had diamond necklaces of their own, sympathized deeply witii. her loss, but whether’thcy were really sorry at 'heart was .test known to themselves. The countess, knowing what great store her husband had set by tho family; jewels, sometimes; felt; iloubtf til..whether .he had really forgiven her. Although he ■ hardly ’ever alluded to tlie'subject, she often‘fan cied itliat there was a shade of coldness in his-‘manner' toward'/her,’'such as she had never noticed before. ’ Still,- itJ might.:.be nothing more than fancy on her part, but she worried herself all the more in secret because she was not quite positive as to its existence. Time went on, bringing with it another Christmas in due course. On Christmas Eve, Lord and Lady Ennerdalo wore din ing by themselves at. their house in Lon don. They had iinislicd a round of coun try visits only two days previously, and were glad to he alone for a little while. • ILi you remember what happened this night a year ago ?’ asked the earl, when the servants had left the room. ‘ Can I ever forget it ? Never it day passes, or a night either, for that matter, •Should you not like another one?' • Yes—and no.’ ‘ Explain yourself.’ • Siiow me the woman who would not like to have a diamond necklace. But if I had another 1 should ho forever worrying myself about its safety. [ should never feel happy except when it was locked up at your banker’s.' ‘ When I called in at Hunt and Bos koll's this afternoon, they showed me such a lovely necklace.’ ‘ AliV ‘ Your mouth would have watered had you seen it. They only wanted six thous and guineas for it.’ ‘Only, James! Who would be mad enough to spend six thousand guineas on • Plenty of people. Why, the one that you lost—or rather the one that was stolen from you—was worth considerably more than that.’ • And then it was a family jewel, which made it shill more valuable,' said the coun tess with a deep sigh. ‘ Precisely so,’ said the earl, dryly. lie peeled himself a walnut before he spoke again. His wife sat gazing sadly into the lire. •Now listen to me,’ said the earl. ‘ You know that I have been saving up for some time past, in order that 1 might buy a certain piece of land, which is sure to come to (lie hammer when old Twenty man dies—and tile doctors gave him up several weeks ago. But 1 have been thinking that as it must he very annoying to you to have no necklace to wear, and as Hunt's people have such a magnificent sample on sale, f could not do better than invest six thousand guineas of my savings in the purchase of it. After till, von know, I don’t see why I need bother about that hind. It was only a little fancy of mine that 1. should like to possess it. Nothing For a minute the countess sat without speaking. Then site said.— ‘ You shall make no such sacrifice for me, .lames. 1 have made up my mind never to wear another diamond necklace tts long its I live, so you need never oiler to buy one for me.’ ‘ Tliink twice before you decide.’ • I have thought.’ • Is that your ultimatum ?’ ‘ It is—most emphatically.’ Then she rose and went round to where her hus band was sitting, and putting Iter arms round his neck, she stooped and kissed him. ‘ You tire too good to me. I don’t deserve so much kindness,’she murmured: and the earl felt a tear on his forehead. He peeled another walnut anil ate it in silence. Then lie rose. ‘ Excuse my leaving you,’ lie said. ‘ I shall he hack in three minutes.’ Before three minutes had expired he was hack again. The countess, sitting in dejected attitude before the tire, did not look up as lie entered. lie crossed the room to her and bent over the back of her ‘ You said just now that you would never wear a diamond necklace again. Will you refuse to wear this one?’ She looked tip, startled. There was a moment’s silence, and then she gave vent to an inarticulate cry of surprise and de light." She could hardly credit the evi dence of her eyes. There, before her, in the old, worn, well-remembered case, she saw the diamond necklace and the emerald bracelet, of which she had been robbed a year ago that night. ‘Oh, my darling, what does it all mean?’ she contrived to gasp out, ‘ It means that your jewels have come back to you as mysteriously as they went. Lot us hope that you will know how to lake better cave of them in time to come.’ ‘ Then the thieves have been caught, ‘ The theif stands before you. I am that felonious individual. 1 You, James ? Oil!’ ‘ Yes, I.’ Taking the necklace out of its case, lie clasped it round his wife’s neck, then he drew up a chair and silt down opposite ‘ You are dying for an explanation 7’ lie said. ‘ I am, indeed.’ She could not resist standing up and glancing at herself for a moment in the glass over the chimney-piece. Then she sat down again, with a sigh of supreme satisfaction. ‘ After I had finished my letters that evening,’ began the carl, • I went into your dressing room to ask you a question. You were not there.’ ‘ I had gone down to Mrs. Dawson for a cup of tea,’ interrupted Lady Eunerdale. Very probably, my dear,’ returned the earl, dryly. ‘As 1 say, you were not tbgre.-.jieiUw.v yc/tirP|L'«ei Vlisi?," UutflrefSr any one to pocket who might choose to do so. To say that I was not annoyed would not be to state the truth. All at once it came into my head that I would try to commit an amateur burglary and carry off the casket, in order to prove to you how easily it might have been stolen in reality. While out in the morning I had noticed a ladder resting against a wall near the tool-house which it seemed to me would answer my purpose. When I got out into the shrubbery not a creature was about. The night was a very cold one and a light snow was falling. Five minutes later I had climbed the ladder, pushed open the window of your dressing room, and had made myself, master of your jewel case. Nothing could be more * ‘ Good gracious! James, however dared you do such a thing?’ ‘ Having got possession of the case, I walked through the bed-room into my own dressing-room, unlocked my big travelling trunk, popped the case into it, re- locked the trunk, and went back the way I came, that is to say, through the window and d own the ladder. I was quietly chuckling to myself over your^.discomfiture when Piper’ found me in the library and told mo that you wanted me.’ ‘ Wliatan adventure! What ’ a capital professional burglar you would ;make! You must have been changed at nurse, dear,’said the countess,.. The earl laughed., ‘ It is my'turn to be nngiy at having ■ such a trick played off'upon me, and I jam,not quite sure yet that I.shall forgive you,-’ continued bet ladyship. ; J:,...ai j j;Wait Till you have heard all.’ j 'Sow stand of jouto lock the doors ami give yourself the tumble o[ forcing an entrance.’ ‘ It was not I who locked the doors. It was not I who forced open the Indian casket, or the writing table, or who tried to break into my travelling trunk. I left no cliisll on the floor, jior was that the mark of my boot on the chintz covering of the chair near the window.’ The countess was staring at him with parted lips and frightened eyes. • If you did not do these things, who was it that did them ?’ ‘A man, a professional burglar, who found his way into the room a few minutes after I had left it, with the full intention ,,f Mcaiin-r vnur diamond necklace. He was balked in the attempt, but had I not fortunately been first in the field, and taken possession of the case, you would certainly never have set eyes on it again.’ ‘ But how did you find this out ?’ • On one of the men who was taken up on suspicion was found a bunch of skeleton keys. This itself was very stispieuous, but nothing farther could be traced to connect him with the supposed burglary. Had I not interfered in his behalf, Col. Bawson would have given him a month's imprisonment as a rogue and vagabond: but knowing well lie was not the. theif, I saw no reason that he should be thus punished. Meeting him accidentally afterward I gave him a sovereign. It wotdd seem that the fellow did not forget what 1 had done for him. About three months ago he got into some more serious difficulty, and then he wrote me a rude sort of of epistle in which he told mo that he had followed us down from London to Fairmead fully intending to steal the necklace. That he had obtained access to your dressing-room by means of a ladder so conveniently placed there, but that, to his intense disgust, no jewel case was to be found. 'It seems to me that some one had been there afore me,' added my friend in conclusion. That ‘some one’as you know already, was myself.’ ‘James,’ said Lady Ennerdalc, humbly, •you have indeed rendered me a service and taught me a lesson. If ever I am careless again, 1 shall deserve a greater punishment than this has been to me.’ ‘Iam not afraid, my love,’ replied the earl, kissing his wife. ‘As you say, it has been a lesson to you, and I see you have learnt it well. 