WITH OUR FIREMEN ON NEW YEAR'S EVE. BR THE MBSSKHOEB. I am going to tell you about tbe fun we had the other Wednesday night. You must know that I am the messenger or the brigade. I have te hold the horse when we go to a fire and clean all the brass work, but I hope to be a fireman some dt). I am a rather nieelooking boy, especially when I have on my uniform, but mother saya the tails on the coat are too old-mannish, but she is interested you know, so I don't mind that. Well, the band and the brigade all met at tbe station in full uniform at 11 o'eloek. Tbe band superintendent was Marshall, assisted by Captain Edmonds and the drum mrjor of the band, a fat, stumpy little fellow, with a very big busby; I don't know his name. I carried the blue lighta and Greek fires in a big bag, wbicb waa very heavy at firat, but it became lighter afterwards. We formed in front of the station houoo about 30 band and 00 firemen; the firemen had torches. We played in front of Mr Mitchell's house, and then went to Mr Pnestly'a. Mr Priestly was on the footpath, and wel. earned us into his house. " Well, boyR," *aid he, " I thought you would come; yon were here this time last year, and you have come again this year." But our skipper made us move on, promising to be baek at 2 o'clock on New Year's morning. Presently we halted; 'twas 12 o'clock; all the bells in Richmond snd our fire horn started up. Sueh a noiserockets and colored lights in ail directions. 80 we started the new year. . We then marched up Bridge road, playing all the way, an awful erowd following us up, but Captain EdmondB kept the firemen with their torches round the band, so we were not ineonve* nienced. All along the road the upstair blinds went up, and you eould see a lot of white shadows peeping oat. I thought they were ghosts, but our superintendent saya they wasn't, and I suppose he knows. We sere, naded Mr Holmes, and saw some more ghosts. We then went round Punt-road to £ria>8treat. We wished the Mayor a happy new year, but we saw no ghost there. I bad been told to save all the green lights for Erin-street, and £ served them all out now. We made sueh a show—all green. We stopped at a big house with a tower and saw a lot mora fhoBts, and as we left the band struck up " The girls we left behind us;" I dont know what they meant by that. We had now some to Lennoxstreet hill. Three very tall firemen were put in front and told to walk faat, and we had to keep up with tbem. We had to walk awlul fast, but when we cama to Swan-street we made another start. We stopped at the Gnardian Office; we cheered aod we played, but we couldn't rouse anybody—not evea the printer's devil. Please, Mr Editor, does he sleep on the premises? for we made noise enough to rouse even him up. We gave Mr- Coverlid a .tune, and then .marched on to Mr Lancashire's, where we started up " Auld Lang Syne" and a lot more lights. Mr Lancashire, arrayed in full evening costume—-at all events it was white—leaned' out of the window and wished ns a happy new year. We saw some more ghosts, We then went round Church-street, stopping at Mr Gleadell's, then roued AtberUsueet to Brifhton-streei. We did cheer and play at Captain Farmer's house. He and Mm Farmer came out, wishing ns all a happy new year. All the officers disappeared inside. I do not know why they did that, but I beard tike superintendent say to Captain Edmonds thst Captain Farmer had some very g jod ale. By this time it was half-past 1, BO we had to bony up. We saluted Bonifaee Jago and No. 2 Station and then trotted up Burnley •street, just stopping at Lieutenant Ahearh's place by tbe way, sod' arrived at Mr Priestly's at 2 o'eloek sharp. My word, it was fine. Wis did hav# « welcome—lemonade and ganger ale* The boy that plays the triangle and I drank five bottles of lemonade and faro of ginger ale. Between ns, I dbn't ° mind telling you, the men aad offioars hbd something stronger, but yon know we bo*s axe teetotallers. Oh, it was ran! m * trappy sew year, and invited us round at 2 o'clook 1st January, 1886. Our superintendent returned thanks, oalled for three eheers for Mr Priestly, and for Charley, who is in- England. Our tin whistle quartette played a few selee* tions, and we were jus*, winding up at 3 a.m. when our fire horn commenced blowing, and in one and a half minutes our cart with half a dozen men flew up the road. Illsw home, for I was awfully tired, and I felt bad—I had had too much lemonade. 