Wu |Jtbi)Ier. IsEW PROBLEMS. 7,2(9. Charade, by Philomath.— Ben Rimmcn, the life of a total was leading, He lately had come from the land of the Nile, And his camels and flocks in a,valley were feeding, Ben Riramon knew nothing of envy nor guile; But the Caliph Mahmood was with avarice burning, And, longing the wealth of Ben Bkamon to gain, He instructed EI Baschid, renowned for his learning. To charge the rich Mai with being insane. But the Cadi was honest first bribes could induce him A stone of reproach at Ben Rimmon to cast. Though the Caliph had bound him, the Cadi cried '' loose him, El Baschid is cruel, the Caliph i3 last." 7,280. Prose Charade, by Sweet Bri»r.—In total, last my words, such a jiist of thieves would be destroyed. 7,261. Prose Charade, by Buffy Bob.—Did vou hot read the whole, warning you first to venture" on the last r 7,282. Consecutive Numerical Charade, by Alma. —My l 2 3 is a covering for the head ; 3 15 is an earthly cavity; i is a great egotist; 4 5 is a small pronoun ; 6 is a small article; 7 8 9 10 is what the ghost of Hamlet's father said three times to Hamlet in a sentence of four words. The whole is a wealthy man. 7,263. Initial Quotation Acrostic, by Claudia.— A. " We are the voices of the wandering wind Which moan for rest and rest can never find; Lo ! as the wind is, so is mortal life, A moan, a sigh, a sob, a storm, a strife." l. " all is well, tho' faith and form Be sundered in the night of fear ; Well roars the storm to those that hear A deeper voice across the storm." 2 " is dead, but love is mare Than in the summers that are flown, Kor I myself with these have grown lo something greater than btfore." " blame I Death because he bars The use of virtue out of earth; I know transplanted human worth Will bloom to profit otherwhere." 4 " — voices took a higher range, Once more we sang, ' they do not die Nor lose their mortal sympathy Nor change to us, although they change.' " 5 " — knowledge grow from more to more, But more of reverence in us dwell; That mind and soul according well May make one music as before." 6. " folly: yet that this could be- That I could wing my will with might To leap the grades of life and light, And flash at once, my friend to thee." All the quotations from 1 to 6 inclusive are from Tennyson. The initials of the omitted words form the name of the author of A. 7,284. Diamond Puzzle, by D'Artagnan.— 1\. A consonant. 2\. A vestment of white linen worn by the R.C. clergy. 3\. To braid, to fold, to entangle. 4\. A decision, a pronounced opinion. 5\. An English statesman. 6 To prove to be right; to absolve from guilt. 7\. A spine ; a prickle. 8\. A nnmber. 9\. A voweL The centrals give the same as No. 5. 7,2SG. Orthographical Query, by Clematis — What English word of thirteen letters has its vowels in the following order :—E EI? 7.2S7. Chronological Query, by Oxonian.—What years during the next century wul have five Sundays in February ? All correct answers to the above received before Tuesday. July 2S, will be acknowledged August 1. 