MELBOUBRN N. Monday, Noveamber 9o. At a meeting of the Australian sen 'Meat Export Company, to-day, it wee resolved to wind up the company voluntariy. This detemination weas arrived at consequent upon the low price of Ane. tralian meatin the London market, and the unwill. ingees of the Orient Company toreduce the freights for carrying-the frozen meat ThecameofJosephSymes, thefree.thoogltlecourer, who was charged with keeping a disorderly house, was tried before Mr. Justice Holroyd, iut thle jury were unable to agree, nine being for convaiction andl three for acquittal. The prisoner was b mad over to appear again at the criminal eeasions in Decen. haL. A meeting of the Melboune Boot-makers' Union was held, to-night, and a vote of £100 was passed for themistaneofthe boot-makeronsatrikein Adelaide. A sum of £50 was alse ovoted for the assistance of the hoot-makers on strike at 8argood and Go.'e factory, at Donedinu. A crowded meeting was hold, in the Temperance Hall, t-night to expres sympathy with Mr. Stead, editor of the Poall Maullaz e. The Hon. J. Camp bell, M.L.C., and Pnetmaster.General, presided. A. telegram expressing sympathy will be sent to Mr. Stead by the chairman, who has chargeof the ocial Purity Bill in the Legislative Council. Taeeday, December 1. The general entries were received, to-day, for tie Victoria Amateur Turf Club Boxing Day meeting, to he held at Cnulfield. The following are the entrirs for the Summer Cup, one mile and a quarter and a distance :--St. John, The Agent. Iclerrimu, Csl-. trap, Canalier, Meydew. Risgaccaster, First Prince, iritisher, Camerine, All Gold, Baron Reckar, E. D. Grace Darling, The Ghost, Selkirk, Anchorite, Veloipede, Isers, Lesnia. The C-hbeter, .oe Wilton, Hilltop. Bend Or, Middlemarch. Mippogriff, Bohemian, Plausible, Merman, Reomus, Marieonilee, Black Diamond, Aolyte, St Lawrence, and Sea. Hem, lIse tender of Mesare Beiasee and (Jo. beis . aepted, by the Bsilway Commissioners, for the supy of 40,000 tons ob steel rails. railay collision occurred on the Wiliamestown line, this morning, between a passenger train and a pilot engine which was following. The guard of the train was slightly injured, and the driver and fire man of the pilot engine were shaken. One of the tracks was thrown off the line. The men on the pilot enginehave been suspended, pendingau inquiry. Antonio fLoderick, a t'ortugnese, was fined £100 at the City Court, to-day, for smuggling cigars from the Menmuir. A circular will shortly be isued by the Edoucation Department, the object being to make State School instruction more immediately practical History will be taught, and poetry not only comlmitted to memory, but understood, while elementary instruc tion will be given in the laws of health. Ata meeting of the Melbourne Preabytory, to-day, the Rev. F. W. M'Gregor was elected Moderator. In the Legieslative Councail, the Federal Council S-Bill was recommitted, and clause 2 altered so as to bring the bill into operation even without the co operation of South Australia. The bill was theu read a third time, and returned to the Assembly. 