OATJLPIEhD. By Mozart. This Day. The morning was fine bat obill. Velocipede was tho first to movo along, Mr Bonce sending him nice striding work onco round. Chandos and Lauds ran 5 furlongs for useful exercise. Mr Batty, who bad most of his team cantering on tho sand, sent Robin, Rosi- crucian nnd Astronomer some half-pace work out sido the hurdles, Umberto cantered and spurted, Banker following anit. Mr Connolly sent a conple of his two-year- olds, the Maribyrnong Nca and Don Giovanni, by DonGiovanni,a spurt for 3fnrlongs theUattcr having all tho best of it. Ho is a good looking, well made colt, own brother to Don Quixote. Alando and nnothcr of old Don's sons, a candi date for the small sticks, strolled along for a mite at a fair pace. Lady Ashton nnd The Marquis of Waterford wore each treated to a strong round ontfide tho hurdles. Prince "Regent moved along for a round his companion, Frnzeont, doing 3 or 4 rounds on the sand, with his rug turned up, improving to half pace the last round. Mr Davis sent Camerino 'and Meerschaum 2 or 8 steady rounds, finishing up onco round for useful work. Ditto did long, medium ex- erci60 with his hood and rag on. Dulcot, aftor cantering, came home from the half mile at good half pace. Mr Campboll cantered his trio, Mozart moving along for good work once round. Mr Nelly scut warfield a strong 5 furlongs. Peeping Tom, Carrick, Clanssman, Idle Boy, and Freetrader were each sent good striding w ork outside tbe hurdles. Mr Jones sent Blink Bonny and Hippogriff a ; couple of steady rounds, striding homo the last 0 furlongs. Melodioua moved along smartly for half a mllo. Lizctte, The Stag, Primus and General Jackson cantered two orturco rounds ou the sand. Solo, Louis, Hore Goes, and Tho Bohemian were restricted to quiet exercise. Mr P. Hey- wood had Calma cantering quiotly. The son of Yattendon is very sore— ho docs not look like standing a preparation. Gardinia cantered, coming homo from the fivo furlongs about halt pace. Mr King gavo Vauderbilt some half-pace work, running home from the half-milo. Mr Harpor put Uncos and another through useful work. For around his two-year-old by Rapid Bay afterwards joined them for a quiet canter. Mr Selmnn sent The Gift strongly four or five furlongs. Too Too covered a mile and a half for a servlocablo work gallop. Mr Leek sent St Ellen ana Plympton two or three steady rounds. Mr Rccd treated Grace Darling nnd Bonny Bell to a couple of steady rounds, running home strong tho last half mile. The Ghost doing quiet exercise on the sand. Mr Rowo was giving Grattan and Roderick Dbu some quiet oxereise right-handed when I left. 