? [B y P astime.] UoietarDokv.CriokotecG* 2L—City v. Holelirook. Sen. 5.—NortUT. Soutl), nt Launceston. Note.—Tlio junior waUdiee in At,r> nitovc take place ou tlie same dates, auo rw I S " S l ‘ , Soelb (junior eoute.t) e » e s o l ut UuUrLoiiAiitf. *3. ____ _ Admirers of a closcly-contestrf game m ust have been solely disappointed lust Saturday when witnessing th e-m atch between the Railway end City clubs. Strictly speaking. I don t thiiik nnyono expected tho dark blues lo wrn, b u t q good number certainly thought them capable of making a bettor show. E ight goals to one is “ too much of a good tiling, oven for the most ardent admirers of the losers. Of course the R ailway played m good form ; in fact they seem to be in rare “ fcltle” now,butlhi6wns not tlie chief reason of the C ity’s downfall. Tho M trcuiw savs “ the second half was nn extrem ely soft thing for the Railway, ns they did not Hfford th eir opponents a ghost ot a show for scoring a pu.nt. Such a statement is nil iiom vnsii. The City men had numerous chances to score, and about to minutes before “ lime, they missed two absurdly easy shots for goal, one of them being only about a dozen yards away. 11 the dark blues wish to improve they must study or practice t' lfCG, ^ iln>J8 7 “ ^ selfishness, patience, and judgm ent, for if they don't piny more together,be less tmnationt. and exercise more judgem ent [hey will newer bent the lop of the tree. The question may naturally ho asked “ How is it th at the City juniors are lar more successful than their seniors ? and the answer wiU be found in tlie reason uivrn above re the backwardness of the •• old ones ;’’ therefore, it is not surprising that they m aiatain their title of ‘ junior champions.” W hile the Railway seniors polished off. the City ................. i i, the juniord club returned the complilncnt by defeating the “ loco, boys _ I don’t like to bo too “ rough on urn,, but I verily believe the junior* of the U dj Club would beat tho seniors a fair °D urina tbe match between th e Railrav and City some very rough play was ndulged in, tbe chief delinquents being * “ ity men. More than once ‘luts cot ready, and “ sliDging tactics were frequently brought into requisition. I huve repeatedly pointed o u t th a t’ if flayers cannot control their tem pers and. refrain from exercising brute force when their opponents elude them hy dexterity of movement, then they have no right to lake part in tlie game. W here -b the manliness, where ib the sciem c, where is the amusement to lady and gentienim spectators in seeing one player vieious.y raPli at another and lmrl Imu to t.ie -rround? There is a difference beU r^it occidealal und wilful rouel) play, and it is 4« to «i.o tbe TnHi»p latter T I osneciailv especially retcr. : *> hi. not genuine footballers try nud put it d‘ Since my Hst. « 1,av.i, !oT? tn :° ,>r0," ment footballers. Messrs V. H arris and G arrard. The former was a leading member of the C rirketcrs blub, and generally played as tho follower “ ru n n er;’’ and in tins particular capacity ho will leave a gap very difficult to fill. The other grataeman, M r Geo. G arrard, was a foremost member of the Holebrook Club. H is place in tlie field was “ Iw k , and right worthilv did he perform Ins duties by Fending the oval w ell/o rin W whenever it cr.uic within “ coo-ee.* 1 feel e- rUin that nil footballers wish our deparung friends a prosperous career ; und should rircmnstanccs again bring them tins way, they will receive a hearty ’’ welcome liomc. . Although (he Launccsfon City bchoc-l reprcsentulives did not make such a g o ra show against the Carlton us was aniieipated, they ncverthclos appear to have thorouchlv enjoyed tho trip- 3 ho giimo was pin yeti at Kcw Town last baturday nud rcpulted in a win for the Cailtonitea by 0 goals to 1. I t is minted “ the 3 oung Northers played well. butlh'-ircppOMciils were too powerful for them .” .Never mind, try again. 'Hie Forcpit correspondent o l the JusttitiMiVn A'mw says he was eurprised at y remark* on his question. N o d-jubi he was, and he will very likely he h little more surprised when he r ‘ods w hat I am about to write. In the first place, 1 dvi not nhirk his question, but, like a w ^e judge, I ‘•adjourned” for nioro iniurmation. T im this corrt-Fpondcnt »-tet s " that no footballer would be p u tte d | y his quefetiou.” Indeed I l to •*: hie trouble to ask a number r»f o --r I- ding players, and they seid itiil llie w riter Imd got tilings *4.1 U tlo mixed up.” My country fiifi d •t:, ih r states that “ lie may as v.oll. j-.form me tli».t it is not right to tako a in a ou after the umpire has called ha'f-time, and lie admits that no rule spec li's ibis, but “ iL is a rule among clubs.” Indeed ! thru it is a “ dead letlc f e .'W I l l a ^ M o r e ^ Ipsms th-*. Uuper Cricket Ground Ma 15 nicii each; then one had lo men till hoH -tiuie, after which m attrrs were ro islised by U.c q'.hcr 1>! ! ’««- Ib men. Cannot my friend l m t it would bo miserably mc-an for one tenn t) have the benefit of an o.id roa-j for tho first half, and then objeut to tln-.r opponents oven using thetr lull coinpteiniiht during the second half. Suva hrt.or is rather shady. . *TF Two items for the- AssimaMon. 1. i t the Cricket Asrarialwn brs-a^* ('h eir ufjrrcnier.t, get a team together a >i s ud them te play ill Victoria for i lie remainder of the season. ^2. Try ntn* arrange a match helwecu th e C.isMjuon loams of North ar.d Squih, to see winch is champion of Ta-mi'mia. uhesd l Tlie grandest struggle t.f tie !.'>:>son conics off to-morrow afternoon h *! ' eu the Holebrook aud Railway. W i'\ tlift public “ turu o u t” well, and g".e belli teams “ fair play and no favor?' A match will take place on Ilk sister,o Flat to-morrow, between the Acuu*- and Fiizroy. The following are the teim s: \- V e n u s : 0 . Moore. A. Donne,ly. J . Rrannan, T. IMmin^hnm. C. ilsso n , T. Hicks, "\V. Hickerby, P. Sm ith, G-t Langford. A. Young, D. Loaroan, J . Jl. Brand, G. Williums, A.. Thomps n, C. Davis. Emergencies: 0 . S h arp l's, 'J'. Matthewfi, J. Bradford. Fbzroy : li. Laughton (captain), LoLham, Shiniutfui, Rumplon. Henry, Stephens, Om l it, Sai’kbod, W hittington. W illiug. S a rre u t (2). Markuy, St JjCgor. Reynolds, Bcd-iome. ISmergencics : O’Brie.n, M iller, ‘'ex. The rcLurn watch bctw cin S t .rast-ph s nd Derwent Clubs will take p aee teniorrow afternoon on Inc Loftcr Uri< t-1 Ground. Play to et»nsmoutv at 2 J0 Kharp. T ie following j> aj era «r picked to represent S t Joseph^ -\V . \V.-i (rapt.). W. Shea, \V. Miiuhcll, F- ^h ,a, F. Mitchell, li. OoltiuB, H . Kt tiltng, J , iMcKcnsje, 0. Clieverlon, F . K- l:.-h*r, l4. R'evnolds, .1 W hite, G B i t. ,J. W alsh, A. Bingham, H altoa. Luikli s, A. King. Kmuracucus -G-. MvC rmack, C. Davies, o n i Dwyer. 