THE STORY-TELLER. TIM THE MISER AND HIS DONKEY. |A LANCASHIRE GHOST STORY. " Neaw then, owd wench," said Bill Sykes, a cotton operative in the town of Roohdale, to his buxom wife Betsy, " Poo thy cheer nearer t' hob. It's Christmas Eve, and thae mnn amuse th' childer an' me by sum sort o' a goost story. Snmmat as'll make my owd mop Stan' on end. Go on, wench." " Thar worse thun eny chyldt for goost stories," said the wife. "If Oi spin thee a yarn tnueH be so feered thae'll not know wheer to hoide thaeself. Boggarts and thee never poo together." " Never moind that, owd wench. Oi av a fancy for urn loike." " Whoi, fevther," said little Sally, " I thow't last Christmas boggarts had ta'en howd o' thee. Thae was shiverin an shakin just loike sum bahby." "Never moind, lass, sit thee deawn, and let thoi muthur go on. I'm not£feer'd neaw. Bat, look ye, wench, gee us that quart o' ale posset out i' th' oon, jist to keep moi pluck up." " Go along, thae greet moke. Thae'lt soon look loike th frightful porcapoine as Shak spare talks abeaut if aw tell thee ony gooBt stories. Theers thoi ale, thae stoopid. Whoi, theers eawr Johnnie has moor pluck in 'im then thee." The father drank the ale, as he always did, with relish; and then he told his wife to proceed with her narrative. He drew his chair closer to the chimney, pushed his head part way up it, and whiffed away at the seasoned stump of a clay pipe. The double inspiration of bear and tobacco had its effect "Neaw moi plucks up, owd wench. Tell us abeawt th' boggarts." "Thoi plucks up; whoi, thae mophead, thae's got no pluck. Thaer't good for nobbut heytin an drinkin an grumlin. I'll tell thae a story," she added, as she crouched over the fire, drew up the skirts of her dress, and placed her clogs on the fender. "I'll tell thae snmmat as'll mak thae want to hear abewt no moor boggarts." " Poot sum moor ale l th oon, wench, said the husband, whose courage was beginning to ooze out at his finger ends. "Slam yon door to." These instructions having been complied with tbe wife was allowed to proceed. She was an incorrigible gossip, ana she had her head crammed with strange and incredible stories, which she was never weary of repeat ing when she could obtain an audience. Her Christmas " boggart" had become an institu tion in the house, and was as much in demand as the everlasting roast beef and plum pud "%osto remember Timothy Scraggs, who sowd vegetables ?" the wife began. " Yoi, ejaculated the husband, " Tim, the miser, they cowd 'im. He used to mak plenty o' muney, an he niver spent nuthin." " That's the varmint. Well, he wuz kilt by a ghoBt dosto knaw. He had no gradely comfort in this world, and oi spect he foinds it's not aw traycle in the place he's gone to. When he dee'd nobbut was know'd beawt 'th cose, but aw heerd Bin then snmmat, from a chap t'oom he tawd aw 'is troubles. When aw gie th' story thae'll open thoi eyes, owd mophead. Thae knaws Tim had a donkey. " Yoi," said the husband, " and did thae ever see sick a live Skeleton afore, 'Is owd head should av been purr'd fur starvin' th' animal." " Howdthoi tongue, or I'll purr thee," said the wife, who did not like to be inter rupted. " Tim fed that poor Jurusalum on bits o' cabbage, tae laves, hard bread his toothless gums couldn't brak, rags, shavins, sawdust, anythin' he could pick up. Th' beast was only fit for th' tanners, but some 'ow it managed to crawl abeawt an poo a ricketty wheelbarrow behind it. Th lads used caw it 'ribs;' and thae'd eer urn ask Tim wat wus th' price o' bones. " One neet Tim went to th' yard to gi'e 'is prize donkey a meal o' rubbish, an he found it had kick'd th' bucket. Indigestion 'ad kilt it, and theer it lay we its eyes an' mouth wide open. Tim cursed and swore at th' carcasB. He said he'd 'av to buy a new un, an as th' price was high he'd be ruin'd. Next day, he ses to hissel', aw av'ent had ony butcher's mate for these three years. Aw'm not goin t' waste remains o't donkey. Aw'll sell t skin, an' pick th' bones. There's summat on em: and it '11 save me th' cost of ony food for more'en a week. Th' owd cannibal took th' skin off tb' brute, and chopped its legs, shawders, and ribs into pieces. ' They make broth o' sheep's bed', he said,' aw'll keep th' hed o' ma donkey, an' mak soup o'it. " Th' owd monster," the husband ventured to interpose, "He's wur nur that chap uz ate th' cow as died o! measles, or summat ot' sort." "Will thae howd thae tongue," said the wife, with a look the husband knew meant something desperate. "Tim olez wus a dirty blackguard. Iv theer had bin coachroacnes or rats in his house he would av aten urn rayther thin spend one ha'penny. Well, he managed to pick th' boneB o' th' donkey clean. Thin he tnk th' skin an' bones to th' ragshop an' sold 'em at so much a pound. He thowt he'd dun a greet thing; but thay'll heer—an' it'll mak' tlioi blood run cowld—what cam' to 'im afterwards." " Giv us sum moor ale," said Bill. " Aw'll smash th" pot on thoi 'ed," said the wife, " iv thae doesno keep quiet." " Tim lived alone. He woodn't av nobody abeawt 'im, becose he had muney in th' house. He wus an owd miBer, and nobody knaw'dit. Well, after he'd aten th' last o' his Jurusalem for supper one evening, he lay deawn on his bed o' straw, an' went to Bleep. The rain cam down like cats an' dogs, and it thundered and lightened like mad. Jist sich a night as a boggart likes. When twelve wus striking on th Town Hall clock Tim was waken'd by th' creaking o' his door. He felt queer all over, and he didn't kneaw whoi. He niver thowt aw goostB, becose he didn't believe in 'em; but he felt just aB iva goost wur in th' room. He wunder'd whoi th* door creaked. He thowt it wur th' wind, and he was trying to go asleep, agen, when all o' a sudden loike he heera a donkey bray alongside his earole. He shook wi' fright, an' when he looked up he seed his own Jurusalum which he had aten standing afore 'im. lust aB he'd seed it th' day it deed. It looked hungry. Its mouth wuz wide open, its ribs coula be counted, and its skin nung like a bag over the inside skeleton. But it didn't seem as quiet as nsnal. Its ears and short scrubby tail stood straight up, its 'ois glared loike red 'ot cindero; and if onybody else than Tim bad seed it they would av thowt it wnz th' devil hissej." At this juncture the hnBband helped him self to a pot o' ale, and put his head a little, farther into the chimney as' a protection; agaiqst the boggarts which now began to haunt his own imagination. " When Tim seed this goost he tried to I shout, bnt he couldn't. He tried to get np to run away, bat he was as firm as ony shop ~ ' The fixture. There he sat bolt upright, staring 'gainst his will at th' spirit o' his donkey. The Jurusalntn moved its stiff tail m defiance o' th' owd miser, and Tim thowt he heerd it say, * Ov come for revenge,' when it began to bray, to kick np its back legs, and to foam at th' month. Thin it cam nearer to Tim, opened its jaws, and made a bite at his 'ed. What rayley followed aw don't kneaw; bnt Tim says he thowt be were aten, that he went into th' donkey's stomach, was digested, oircnlated in th blood, ana thin threawn back on th' bed alive as afore. Th' donkey wagged its stiff tale agin, brayed, kicked up its back legs, and with a trio disappeared. "Oh Lor, what's that! the husband here yelled in a fright, as he shook violently in his chair. " There's a boggart in th' cupboard. Oi yeered a noise. On Lor, oh Lor. Gee ns some mocr ale." " Aw towd thee thoi owd mophead wonld stan on end," said the wife as she mended th' fire wi' a cob. "Thae 'rt a donkey thoiself, and awll purr the yet if thae does no keep thoi long clapper still." "Oh, Lor, aw yeer'd it agin," said the husband; " come clooser to me owd wench— I'm all over in a tremble." "Will thae hawd thoi tongue?" said the wife, as she gave her valiant partner in life a push which caused him to fall over the back of his chair and roll against the cupboard, from which the noise was supposed to proceed. He yelled like one who was maa, jumped to his feet, and rushed beneath the table muttering " Oh, Lor 1—oh, Lor i—a boggart 1" " Come out, thae] stoopid; it's no bog gart—there are mice in th cupboard," said the wife. " De'ye think ony boggart would go in theer ?" The husband was reassured. " Oh, it's mice," he said, " Then gee us some moor ale ; awm not frightened." He returned slowly to his chair, keeping his eyes all the while on the cupboard; and when he was seated he pushed his head higher up the chimney than ever. " Sit thae still, thae owd fool, and let me finish th' story." " Go on, owd wencb; I'm not feert—ave got my pluck up again. Go on," be said, with limbs still snaking. "Well, then,"the wifecontinued," whenth' Jurusalum vanished, Tim shouted murder, an fell hack on his straw bed in a dead faint, i ust as iv all th' life had eone out o' him. When he waken'd t'was dayleet. Hetheawt at furst he'd had a terrible dream. Then he came roun to th' truth. 'It wus spirit aw mv donkey—aw theawt aw'd aten body and spirit an aw, but aw s'pose aw avn't. What shall aw do?' He went to his moneybag and found it aw reet, ' Aw can't leave hear/ he said, 'Aw should loose everything; no, aw mnn stay.' He was weak and exoited. That day he did no work. The donkey haunted him, and when th' neet came again he lay down quite feert. He wrapped his 'ed in an owd sack, and even went so fur as to say his prayers. After lying waken sum hourB he fell aBleep. Again, when th' clock was striking twelve he was aroused by a creaking o' th' door. He opened his eye, and, as if pood, sat bolt upright. There wuz th Jurusalum same as afore, and it again seemed to say, ' Ov come for revenge.' It walked up to Tim, made a bite at him, and he theawt he was once moor aten up. digested, and threawn back alive. Then th Jurusulum vanished, and Tim became on conscious. He wakened in a fever, and his cries fetched th' nee'bors into th' house. They went fur a doctor. Tim was able to say a few words to th' man who tawd me th' tale, and then he got wild and delirlouB. He cried whol his e%n were quite red, and he talked abeawt his donkey till th' nee'bors who weern't in; th' Becret theawt he were going to dee o' grief at its loss. Well, to ihak- a lung,story short, he did dee. 'Twas , ghoost had come again, and t mid neet, ghoost had come again, and after being aten up and digested a third time, Tim veiy soon kick'd th? bucket. Th' donkey had t' best of it in th end, and for awt aw know its still wonitin Tim the miser in th' place wheer he's gone." The husband nad managed with many a groan and shudder to sit the story out, and now he swore he heard a noise in the yard. "Theer's a boggart tbeer, owd wench. What shall aw do ? Oh, Lor ! oh, Lor!" The wife told him to poo his mop in his pocket:" but only a few minutes had elapsed when she started from her seat, and Baid she believed there really was a boggart or a thief in the yard. The husband yelled, and scrambled under the table; while the wife took down an old fowling-piece that was hanging on the wall. "Getup, thaegreetbabby, and hawd this thing in tnoi hand. If it's a thief it'll scare him." She pulled him by the hair, and made him rise. Then, aB he stood helpless and trembling, with his back against the wall, she placed the fowling-piece in his hand, and pointed it towards the window. "Oh, Lor! oh. Lor!" he said, "aw can't shoot a boggart. As she spoke the noise was repeated, and the head of a donkey was seen at the window. The husband instinctively pulled the trigger of his gun, which exploded and discharged itB contents through the window. Be then got again under the table, and lay there with his face to the floor, yelling murder. The noise of the explosion alarmed the neighbourhood, and In a few moments a number of persons forced an entrance into the house. The husband in tremulous voice told them that the ghost of Tim the miser's donkey had appeared at the window. One man, bolder than the reBt, went into the yard, and sure enough there was the body of a donkey lying dead. There were several shot-wounds in its head, and it was evident that the contents of the gun had killed it. It was afterwards discovered that some youths, knowing it was the custom of Mrs. Sykes to tell a ghost story to her husband every Christmas Eve, had driven this donkey into the yard for the purpose of causing a scene. They succeeded, but the donkey lost its life. The husband regards this as a great feat of valour, and he is never weary of describing to his friends the courage with which he stood up to the supposed boggart. But he has not yet asked his wife to tell him any more of her unearthly yarns. D. F. L. 