Wovcltet DAN LYONS' DOOM. By WAIF WANDER. ? ' ? ♦ ? ? CHAPTBR'T.— (Oobiihdkd.) v 'My Goal' murmured that uretohed being, as he got up and went away past the growling dog, ' surely my punishment is too ' Ihe children both rose and stood looking ?Merthe priest's retreating form. Neither of them- had heard his despairing ejaculation, tut they ebuld see from the unfortunate being's gestures that he was in great pain of some kind. /'He mast be very ill,' the gentle little gtrieaia. 'Is that a clergyman?' asked Daniel, -with a heavy frown over his fine,~and -yet angry oye«. \- 'I think, bo. He is eaUed Father JameB, yon know Daniel, and don't you- see his dress?' ? VI know nothing about his dress; I never ?aw a priest before, but I know one thing, ?nd that is that whoever that man ib be is a bad one.' 'Oh dear, how oan you tell? he was a little rnde I think, but he looks ill, and oekness makes peonle.thort-tempered, mama fays.' ' They resumed their work on the grave, and were silent for some moments, and it was Daniel who broke the silence by the -sArupt -question. , . 'Resignation, did yon ever see a pioture of Dan Lyons?' \- -»«h no! why do you ask that?' the ?hild adted, us she again lifted her eyes and : jnssted them on the boy's feoe. 'Because I ?honjd like to know exaoUy what he- was like;: . you.fcnow something Abort it, don't you? |-e ?often asked mother to describe him to ? B», but ehe only turns her face away bom mewhen Ido. -What waehe like Be»igna &-nf What kindjof faoe had he?' . „, .''.Mama has told me,' was the reply in a JowToioe, as the little gh-1 glanced around .with a shudder* ' and I often dream that I am looking in his bid face. He was a tall, stout jnau, with a lat, red face, u9 great \- eoaree hands and feet. He used to drink Awfully, too, and was always bad, even before hf- kfllediny poor, aarling papa.' ? .-.'. . .ii'VjQl course he was,' Daniel observed de- . naedly,' and Dan Lyons was big *nd fai th?' . ?? ??': 'il wonder what beoame of him ; the police never got on his trade.' . .. V,Ph no, I hope he is dead.' . 'I hope he is not / I hope I shall see him die by inches 1' . Baiignation shook her head. Daniel's faoe was flashed with passion, his hands wen slanobed, and his grand dark .eyes seemed to ?ointaiate. : . ? iVJtis so strange that yon should feel it so,' Wail deolared, 'llama often remarks that if $ had been your own father who was killed . you could not have hated his murderer more.' ' That is true, I could not.' Again there was a short eilenoe, again broken hy the Ud. 'Besignation tell 'me about a sensitive plant; what is it?' . 'A sensitive plant 1 Oh, it Is a plant Whose leaves shrink and close at the slightest loach. Why, Daniel?' . ? .SI. wish, we oould get one and plant it rare,' replied the boy, laying Ms hand just . 'over where the, heart o! the dead man had ;bnoo rested, 'and then if Dan Lyons dared *b pntThis loot near this, the leaves would Jeuus/1: * '??tm. airaid they could not do that, Daniel,' Besignation said with a little sigh,- 'but God Will tell oa, some day.' Jratit will be so near the moment when you '. fluD see your hther's faoe for tbe first time thtt the horror of jhe knowledge shall be overwhelmed loi ever in the brightness ot an everlasting ; heaven.' . ; . ' AndthM wretched being, who had rushed away trom (he grave, witB his hands olenohed and an 'awful horror in his eyes, opened the gate and went outside tbe fence of the en closure. 'Where was he going? He did not . knpwDimseUatthemotaent; anywhere, any ?: where »way from the] presence of 4hose ohu .; : aten.'ana the vioinity of that grave. 'He sat . , 3ojni when he had gone » little way down . thehplside, and bent histvhite iaoe into his ... . hands fhntihat did not hide from hie hidden «yes those Btaring black letters on the, white . m^V&j;&tox; is tone* I witl- tapay, fcdth the Tiora.' ,; There Was ihe rustle' it _ Ii^«n?jgraM:aroniid him, and the twitter oftlrds over his head, but he heard, only the words Besignation Bt.Herriok had repeated as her mother's: 'As surely as God's sun (*an«s in the eky, God's vengeanoe wiU over take Dan Lyons, the rnurderer.' ''- ~ ? 'ftther James sat therefor some time, and thenlesuaaenly lifted his head »nd looked op at :JKe pure, pale-blue, sun-flooded sky above him. Was lie thinking of the Great * First Cause, whose dwelling our human veneration located high above the clouds, whether they float above the far- Eas ? or the far West; the Icy North or the froten South? Was he doubting the possibility of b prayer 'reaching ihe foot'ot the Great White Throne through that pellucid ? ? ether^twas as brass to the prayers of the unrepentant sinner T^vWho may tell? Bat he gotup«s suddenly as he hid seated him aelt anfl drained a little flask' heTiaain bis pooket ere he went on -hit way with a detar mined etep. - ' i :??.?-'..'.??. ?.?.?5~' ;v.i.--'-^ He muttered to himssltashe went, strange wordsthat tut hinted wiiaiyat the ncretiie ? ' ^TwDlbe a cowarfl no longer! it is the \- ^r chance orhope,' were some of theworos tblS areppea from his pale, drawn lipi 'I : fcafe temefill *hese rnile7 to floit, and now thatlwnhere'rareaa to speak. Nonsense, \- ' ensisbuta.womanalterall.anaUehedenie w«ainiDt*.»oiigB«^i41ia?'t^-r -w B was toward a ; wtw »tU«e «V^e yvf Whkirtiot the towii»%:th»tEii«t^t were turned: ' It lay in the midBt of fnnirnling verdare, and laoed the' oreek. When one croaaeatbe little bridge that crossed Boban breek they stood at the gate of the oottage, on the very threshold, as it were,' ot th* garden in front of U. This cottage was the one Mr. Pollard had built for the widow ot.OoIonel St. Herriok,' and he bad done all Suit was possible to give brightness to the home of the poor lady whom aU pitied; but he bid taDed. How is it that there is a something* always visible in even the ontside of a house to, faint at the feelings indulged by those who Inhabit it t \- The garden of the cottage was neatly kept, for Resignation and hef rough friend Daniel Griffiths spent much ot their, time in it, but the very flowers ware. chosen for .their sub dued tints. There were no flaunting tolors there among the green freshness. Perhaps the principal reason that glaring and gaudy oolors were avoided was the faot that every* thing at the cottage was cultivated with the one idea that at some time or other, in blossom or plant, . must go to decorate .that sacred grave of the husband, and lather. In no . garden round Harranga were seen such lovely white and yellow and pale, blush roses. May and jasmine and honeysuckle, and great pale passion-flowers made beautiful the trellis work of the summer-boose and drooped from the verandah. In their season tall, .white Easter lilies stood sentinel over the beds as did that white stone in the oemetery over the breast of the murdered man, and, the Guelder ? roses, big balls of clustering blossom, floated in a sea of green leaves near the pale blossom- ? ing lilao. Into this garden of pale, pure flowers stepped that blaok-robod man with the hollow -tJ68 taa* *e fcnow.se Father James. ? If' his heart beat hard and painfully there was no outward evidence ot it as ha knocked at the door under the shadowed verandah. There was ho sound to tell of life in that still honse. The windows in front were hong with dark colors, and there was no floatingbreeae b'.own Iaoe to give lightness and grace to the rooms within. When Mrs. St. Herriok's great trodble fell upon her life she aeoepted it as toll and complete as though no sun ever shone on God's other gifts, at least, for her. When she opened the door to that knock, father James's eves rested on a woman as irhite-faoed-as himself, and with robes as lopelessly black. She was young, at least comparatively so, Mrty-two or three years old perhaps, and she night have been beautiful once, but in her features there waa no trace of gentle Besigna ion'e sweet features or expression. Mrs. St. Serrick's hair was dark and her eyes grey, jut every feature was hard ana cold and ntter, for she had sever forgiven Fate for he cruel blow that had stricken her life's idol !rom her side. If I dared to say it Iwould lint that she had never forgiven the God who lad afflicted her, and yet, strange anomaly, she had borne sweet, patient Designation St. Serriok. ' 'When she stood before the man it was with i bard, questioning face that did not change intil she grasped his errand. ' I am Fattier James Brady, the new tenant ]t St. Henick's, and have soou business with Urs. St. Herriok.' 'I am she,' was the reply; but she made no movement to .admit him* . 11 1 have come on an errand pi *noh moment that I am sun I need not apologise (or re luesting an interview. Jl have come to ou at the request ot that unhappy man, Dan jyons.' . . 'What?' 'It is true, madam; I. have oome from ' Oh. heaven 1 has ths time oome at last I Shall I see my darling avenged at last,' at lastl' '... She had seized his' arm with no gentle band, and was dragging the priest into the sitting-room while she was speaking. ' He has been caught? He has given him self up? He has confessed? He is eon lemned? He will die? Oome in and tell me all— sill' Hetell rather than sat down upon a chair near the door, and lifted his hat for a moment, only however as if to relieve himself ot an in tolerable burden tor one moment, for he re placed it instantly. Urs. St. Herriok had, however, seen the tonsure, and it was to her a confirmation ot her dearest hopes. 'Yes, yoa area priest,' she added excitedly, 'you have seen the monster, and he has con fessed to you, and yon bring me the glorious tidings.' ' It is a mistake,' the visitor replied in a low tone, as his eyes remained riveted on the carpet at his feet. ' It is true : that Dan Lyons has confessed to me, but he is far away in another land, and is not a prisoner.' ' Not a prisoner I Tod know of his crime, yet the murderer is free. Yon then are an accomplice— a villain ot as .deep a dye as »an the aooursed himself 1 ' 'I am a priest,' the man replied, in a voice that trembled in spite of him, ' and I received the confession of the man under the sacred seal of the oonfessionsl. I am here with the words that unhappy man has put in my mouth to speak to you. Will you listen to them?' 'Tea, I will listen.' Mrs. Bt. Herriokssat down opposite Father James with her eyes full of the strong deter mination thaf was a prominent point in her character, And her heart was beating with a wild hope. Oh yes, she wonld listen, and .with sqoh aoote ears that not one due that mieht trap the spiller ot blood should escape them I 'I must tell you his story— tell it to you from the moment when he fled from Mar range.' ..?'.... . -: ' From the moment that he knew my poor husband had. written, denouncing him with fingers that were stiffening in darkness and death] Gtfbiil'' ' Well, hened.' He had means, for in the very instant the falling 'earth in the claim shut in St. Herriok's faoe, he saw gold in ?Wngng ?pieoss in-the soQ around him, and seound enough to take him faraway from the scene of bis crime, nor was it exhausted when he came a .repentant man, to the monastery Dl whose order I was a brother. , Jl'Wherewasit?' the widow asked, as her breath-came thiok. ?? ?? ' ?'?'-.. ?? ? ? -? 'It does not matter. It wastm the Con tinent, and Dan Lyons gave the brothers his gold, and became one rt the brotherhood. For years he Uvedan incarcerated and self denying life in that monastery, only to grow thinner «nd whiter, and more bony arid haggard with sash day; for he had not con fessed his crime, and his sin lay like bad on biasouL' ..--??.-..?? ,-?,.. ?-.: .-'?.??-. 'At bat he pluskad op oourage, and he oonfessed ? ' - ?? ? ? .-??- .???/?-? . ? -.- ? - ''Toyon?' intssropted Mrs. St. Her riok. ??? . , ??-? ?? . ??..?,?.;. ?:?-.???'? .-.,-. ? : 'JTes, it was to me, and oh, the tale he told was.awfol enough to soften Hie hardest heart \--even you, against whom Us *Sn was greatest, would have pitied Die wretohed -eing, baa you heart the story ot Ids suffer sufferings. - , «. j. ? :???.?-? ??;-??? . ??.'? \- '.D.IpUyDanLyonsl' .-..?;??.?? She Botuatlyjaughea as die stared in 'tba priesfs faoe, aUugh that was as wild u was aUuriiwiaiinaieoaUctamanlao. ? 'I0S70U would,' he oried angrily, and then she noteJ lor the first timettesmoulder. ingfireinhU4eep«at eyes,1' yon sn hot a rock or » rtonei you are ? woman, and m mustfcal|«':i-* ..-- ..???? .r~^v ?*. -«5r«i6,:Itoel,'MrB. St. Herriok exclaimed, 'feel that if I oould save ©an Lyons from Who are you who asks a woman to pity her husband's murderer?1' 'Listen yet,' the priest went on, but both bis paUor'and the fire in his eyee were .inten Billed as he. saw the nntorgiving passion in the widow's Iaoe, 'yon know the man's sin lot yon do not know Hi punishment. There is not « living being but the man who sneaks to you now that knows, what were the last words your husband spoke. Shall I tell them to yon? '.'?.' .'Yes, tell them.' ' They were these: ' If you leave me here to-day, as you see my 'face now, you will see .it at this hour every night nptil you die: your relf, and your own death win be worse than mine— aye ahundred tunes.' ' . 'My husband said that?' 'Yet, and the curse has. been fulfilled. It was after sundown when Dan Lyons left him there to die alone in the collapsed ahum, and he did not die until after midnight.' . ' How do you know ? Oh, my God, how do you know that my darling Buffered so long?' ' ''Because from sunset to midnight far nearly twelve awful yean Colonel St. Hcr riek's face is before Dan Lyons' eyes. No matter where he goes, or how he hides, it is there, always there. Seas have been between him and the dead man's grave, bat . that face is dear And fresh as though the real faoe had not mouldered to dust years ago. Oh, think of that wretched man's misery and pity him now.' ' ' Father James might have been pleading for himself so earnest, so craving, so pleading was his trembling tones. Wlthhisthinwhitefin gers dasped as in prayer, he bent forward, and, with great tears in his awful eyes, begged for pity on the far distant man who had blood on his hands 1 - ' Was it my pity he sent you all those thou sands ot miles to ask ? ' the widow said with a sneer. ' No, it was for your forgiveness, andjin the name of that Christ we both worship give it to him!' ' ' ? ' « Never ; if my own salvation was. the for feit I should not forgive. Dan Lyons! Go man, you are mocking me I How dare you ask a widow to forgive the murderer of her husband.' One moment yet, oh listen yet. A holy man has told that wretched man that tho moment he reoeives your forgiveness he will oease to be a haunted man — oh, for the mercy and charity and pity ol Almighty .God, forgive him I B ?.?'.' 'You are mad I' she cried, as she rose and pointed to the door; 'you are a mad man and I am a lone woman— go 1 I heard that yon were ill and I am sorry for you, but I did not know you were a lonatio or I would not have admitted you. I shall tell no one of this sbsord visit, so you see I am merciful, though I would not forgive a monster.' He rose and faced her. 'I am not mad,' he said, 'and I have only delivered Dan Lyons' message. Once more is your answer no— you will not forgive as you hope for forgiveness ?' 'Never I Have I not said it? I am a woman, but I could see Dan Lyons tortured to death and rejoioe in the eyes that enabled me to see it I' Father James looked steadily into the ex cited woman's flashing eyes, a look that she never forgot and that punished her for her hard heart until the light of life left her own eyas. 'I have heard your answer, and how listen to Dan Lyon's words. ' If she refuses, iall her that what she has suffered in the past shall be as nothing to what she shall suffer in the future— that I swear before high heaven I'' : * If Dan had been swearing himself he could not have looked more terrible than th%t black robed ™*n 1 As.b.B lifted bis thin ' hand up with the oath, Mrs. St. Herriok fell back on her seat scathed by the terrible look in his eyes, and Father James went out alone, brushing the pale flowers of the garden with the skirts of his black coat and wiping bis feet on the threshold as one who leaves a ourse behindhim. OHAPIEB VI. ? tHS HUSOET HUH, Lxx ob suppose a gap of two^r three weeks between the opening of this chapter and the dose of the last, and note a few of the events that had ooourred during those weeks. . In the first plaoe shaft No. 3 in the gully had been cleared out, rigged with a windlass and other digging gear, and a company of four, formed as proprietors, jthough but two of them were working partners. Of the four of course Taay and his master were two, and the other two were Charlie Ellis, the favorite young trooper stationed at Marranga, and a young man named George Clark, the son of a farmer in the vicinity of the township. In daim No. 1 a great deal of work had also been done, but there was a great deal more to do. For one thing the Tfr. 1 workings had been originally far more developed than any, other opened in the gully, and had, at the time of the murder, and in consequence of the murderer's displacement of the props to ef fect his purpose, fallen in almost trom the surface, so that to enable the mining to' be resumed on the original plan, a great deal of clearing-out work had to be done. . While bis brother Conn, and other engaged men were occupied in this work,Father James had been almost entirely oonfined to his room, and no one could doubt his fllness who looked into his face. There was a dreadful warfare going on brthat miserable man's breast— a warfare that' Nora never once was aware of or noticed, that Conn. Baw but did not quite nnaerstand, but that Mrs. Brady watched with a keen eye and a purpose deathly and vindictive. He wandered around the gardens in the dusk of evenings, avoiding bis kind as though the sight of a human face was hateful to him, and more especially did the sight of his mother aot upon him in the strangest man ner. He would shudder if his eje met her's, and torn away hurriedly sometimes, while at others he would meet her look with one so awful— so full of white, threatening anger that she would hasten away with the fear of she dared soarpely flunk what in her hard ened heart. 'In the dead hours of night, too, there were sometimes heard shrieks as for mercy, and ehouts as of triumph, and groans as of a deathly agony, and when those of St. Herriok's heard them they were wont to cover their heads np in 'the bed- clothes, and wait for milenoe in fear and trembling. But Bt. Herriok's was far from another house, and no hint of these disturbances had as yet baked out for Nora, who was the only ignorant one of Cue family, was a heavy sleeper, ana easily 'terrifies by a hint at ghosts; eb they h-l little trouble with her; only Tady, her lover, felt .the troublesome effects of theghoet rumour, for Nora would not meet him alter flask for all his tribes of ribbons and aheap jewelry, end he was work ing *o hard in tiie Say time that he oould not snatch many moments to gladden Us little eyes ^iUliS)-igh|jbf his jBarling^sxaoa. mff wparMiifffjiii'wHt wkbtJi of 'Oreek Boban. like Brambt.dlamonas, and when'tvery lea ?tad flower 'newn sd to have retained ail the freshness of «» sweet dsw, Leonard Prosier moun-ains1i6rseuarodette£ortauSmoe between the Marranga Hotel and the Mar xanga Police Station. ' His destination was thTutter, for .during the: time that Jas elapsed slnoe J closed my last chapter, ^?5thM_!SSie*J1 ? S5?i iaSne -*» young Trooper Bins, who tea kfr onaMeVc come a partner inJNo. 2 daim with Leonard 1 Prossesj 1 As the young Irishman rode up to the sta- ( tion, Charlie Ellis led hiB horse out from the - new friend, and if one had called a parade of ! all the 'mounted men' in Australia, they 1 oould not have picked out a cleaner-limbed, a ( better made, or a handsomer-faoed member of 1 the corps tban Trooper Charlie EUis. i No one ever oaUed Aim ' Ohawles.' You : oould not fancy saoh a thing, looking in hia - bright, open, boyish face. He was Charlie 1 with every one, and, as I have said before, a ( favourite with every one also.. - 'My word, what a killing swell you arc this 1 morning, Charlie I' said Leonard, as he drew - his horse up, ' whoever gets your breeches up deBerves a testimonial.' ( . 'Yes, Prosser, I natter myself they're a 1 good fit,' said the young chap be he scanned 1 his handsome limbs, 'but as for being a - swell, you must remember that it is not every - one who oan affard to dress SB carelessly as 1 yourself.' 1 ? 'Is that intended for a rap, Charlie?' 1 asked Leonard with a smile ; ' well, I believe ] I am rather eardess, but isn't this tweed good I enough for this oooasion, eh?' 1 ' Yon know I don't mean that, Prosser ; I mean that your appearance is always that of a gentleman, no matter what you wear, while I must be natty to be noticed at all.' 'Oh, such apparent modesty 1 I thought you were above fishing for oompliments, Ellis? ; am certain that you know as well as every body else that there is not a handsomer young chap within miles.' ' ' I know I'm not bad looking, but I envy your inches, and your broad shoulders. I'm suoh'a little chap, Leonard.' ' Do you oall five feet eight little?' ' Well, yes, I do— for a man. Do you know that Miss Clark is five feet six and a hall' Leonard laughed pleas&ntly;, and poor Charlie's faoe grew rosy as a girl's. ' That was a slip at any rate, my dear fel low, and bo it is in comparison with Miss Clark's inches that you are disgusted with your own? Now, do you know that I should much prefer you medium length of limb to my own?' ' Would you really ?' ' Yes ; and ladies, especially tall ones,' he added, with a sly glance at his companion as thsy rode away together, ' always like men of medium size best.' 'Hum — I hope it may prove so in this instance, for to tell you the truth as a friend, Prosser, all my future happiness depends on Fanny Clark's opinion of me.' ' My dear fellow, you have my very beat wishes,' and the hands of the two young men were dasped, 'and I think that as she is a young laay of taste there can be no doubt bb to the result of your hopes.' ' But look at my position, Leonard. How can I ask any girl brought *up as she has been to become a polioeman's wife? The very name is endbgh. If the claim would fulfil Tady's expectations now, there would be some ohanoe.' . »' Let us hope Tady will be a good prophet then, if only for yonr sake, Charlie. Yon know I care very little for my own. I have enough for comfort, end have no craving for anything beyond what my inceme will afford me.' ' Lucky fellow 1' exdaimed Ellis, ' andyou have never fallen in love, yet ?' ' In love? oh fifty times I I have been id love always ever siabe I can remember until within the last few years. I think I must have used up all my allowance of what is called love in my sohool days, and so have none left for my years of discretion.' 'What is called love?' Charlie repeated. ' Don't you believe in the feeling, then?' ' I can't from personal experience at least,' replied Leonard; 'for the feeling that aid duty for love with me was so inconstant that it seldom lasted longer than until oiroam-^ stances brought me in contact with a new face. But talking of the tender passion now, there's an instanoe it you like in my friend Tady Connor,' and the speaker threw back bis handsome head and laughed joyously. . 'Is the d ? fool in earnest?' asked Charlie, with disgust. 'In earnest? I should think so 1 He is thinking of Nora and nuggets from morning until night, and from night until morning, too, for he mutters 'me darlin asthore machree Nora,' in his dreams, and fancies he is stringing nuggets to hang round her 'bewoheful neck '—oh yes, he is in earnest — gaitel' 'Bidiculoust'. cried the young trooper almost angrily, ' a man of his age and appear anool' 'Be merciful, my dear young Adonis I' returned Leonard with a smile that showed his strong white teeth under his glossy moustache; 'must one be hanusome to have a heart? I assure you that poor Tady has one, ana a warm and true one in spite of his disproportionate shape and funny limbs.' 'I don't doubt aU that, bat at his years one might expect sense enough to hide any ridioulouB exhibitions of his folly.' 'I'm afraid Tady does not think suffi ciently of appearances,' responded Leonard with gravity and a sly glance at Charlie's 'cords.'' 'In one sense he does, quite enough, retorted the young 'bobby' with some heat; 'I'm sure when he dons that blue suit with the brass buttons his sirs of con scions self-appreciation are sickening 1 ana besides how oan he feel anything for a girl like that?' 'Is Miss Nora Brady not so lovely ana loveablo as poor Tady imagines her then? You know I have never seen her.' ' Nora Brady is a lump of a girl without, I do believe, one ounce of brains. I don't believe I ever saw in my life a creature so unutterably stupid ana animal-like as she.' ' She is no favorite then, Charlie? ' 'Not ot mine, and I detest the whole family I' Leonard looked wonderingly at his com panion. Himself of a calm and even temper and an nnexdtable temperament, to him the strong feeling exhibited by Ohatlie EUis was a matter ot surprise. ' I had business at Bt. Herriok's one day,' the young trooper' went on, 'and had an opportunity of seeing something of these Brady's. Mrs. Brady especially has one of the worst faces I ever saw, and if there was any underhand and hidden law-breaking going on in Marranga, I should be inclined to look for a due to it noder the roof of St. Herriok's.' X Talking of St. Herriok's, that was a sad thing about Colonel St. Herriok's murder. Now it I were a policeman I think I should ted deeply interested in that crime, especially stationed here on the spot.' (To be continued.) 