Flemington and Caulfield Training Notes. TBy Telbgeath:. I MELBOURNE, Tuesday. After three or four days' suspension of strong work, a considerable number of spectators assembled at Flemington early thiB morning to witness tbe customary Tuesday's gallops. The morning was very cold and dull. Lesbia was about the first to commence operations, and worked on the inside course the reverse way. Rebus came next, and was observed to be moving slowly round on the sand track. and Leporello was exercised similarly. Uralla opened ?with cantering, and then strode once round at her best, doing the gallop in 2 minutes 38 seconds. Blairgowrie and Fernandez went five furlongs at little more than three-parts speed. Mooushee and Anchorite began slow, and then struck out for a fast round; whilst Phaon and Chesham did the same work to the extent of five furlongs. First Chester and Wanda were despatched round Ihe sand track, accomplishing the journey in 2 minutes 37 seconds, and Thunderbolt and Vanguard did a good work ing gallop. Tamarisk and Brigantine went slowly together, finishing with a half-mile brush home; Middlemarch doing ] the same. Chucks ter was oil the tan ; and Antonio, after j going slow, spurted half a-mile. Philip Augustas andAcme were given a spin of five furlongs, which was covered easily in 1 minute 7f seconds. Despot did two rounds, the second one at a fast pace. Ieonomy was seen to great advantage in a fast round on the sand track. Warwick, Brown and Rose, and another cantered, and set out for a fast round. Trenton and Stornaway went for a gallop of a couple of miles, and Liverpool did a useful spin once round. Yellow Jacket and Crossfire cantered and. spurted home, while Telephone and Gemini galloped five furlongs in 1 minute 11 Beconds. Lantern and Ruby went round on the outer track at a fast pace, but Signor and Israelite were not fully ex tended. Tempo, Nordenfeldt. and Percussion next took die track in company for a mile and a half, and the pace was io good that flip lastnamed retired at a mile. The tune -f tln- other pair was 1 minute 11 seconds for ive furlongs, 1 minute 26 seconds for oi_ fur ongs, 2 minutes 36 seconds for the round, and 2 minutes 19 seconds for a mila and a-half. Winchester and Oudeis rent slow on the back, the latter in light clothing ; ind Dirk Hatteraick's fa--V was a fast round. _ Iago went for a fast seven furlongs in good time, and Agitation was extended over the tan, whilst Country Boy took it easy round the nand track. Lord Exeter strode along the outer track, exhibiting no ill effects of Saturday's scrimmage ; Dut WnTite Christo was not yet asked to extend himsglf. Cerise and Blue and Wing wait a strong round, after which some interest was evinced in the companionship of Off Colour and Kit Nubbles, who were slipped for a two-mile gallop. They covered a mile anda quarter in 2 minutes 24 seconds, and the round in 2 mimifang 26 seconds. Essie worked on the tan, and Denmark went thrice round the same track, Ringmaster and Alphabet also doing a fast round, but Waiting Maid only cantered and Maddelina merely exercised. The Agent and St. John provided a capital two-mile gallop, doing the round in 2 minutes 35J seconds, the mile and a half in 2 minutes 49£ seconds. Arsenal and Gasburner went a fast round, and Honeydew and Comet were sent for a 'strong mile and a half, during which the big horse was pulling his head off all the way. Aoolyte and St. Lawrence were sent for a fast round, whilst Welcome Jack and Genoa accomplished some useful work on the inside course. Fobber and the Marchioness filly went for a strong gallop, and were followed by Sta tioner, Kenneth, and Dividend, and were brushed home for a fast five furlongs. .Prince Imperial made his appearance only to walk about, and Gratitude was restricted to the mildest of exercise. Later in the day, The Pencil, Menotti, and First Consul did their usual work, and Prince Imperial was-indulged with a nice canter. Wednesday. 'Very little work was done at Flemington this morning, j ljiverpool covered a good two miles in 3 minutes 48 seconds, I nnil t}w»Tm PaoA ITif ^Tll^loo ATI A TrOlltftTl also galloped. Despot did the Cup distance in fine style, doing a mile and a-lialf in 2 minutes 46 seconds, and the complete distance in 3 minutes 46J seconds. Tom Brown was out for the first time since the Caulfield accident. The following are the latest scratchings : — Melbourne Cup : Monatteh and Snip. V.R.C. Derby : Derision and Childers. Thursday. This was a beautiful morning, and soon after 5 o'clock there was a numerous attendance to witness tbe work done by the Cup, Plate, and Derby horses. Reginald appeared once more afterhis lengthened absence from the track, but he only cantered on the tan, however. Warwick and Brown and Rose were then slipped for a fast round, which thoy did in 2 minutes 36 seconds. Winchester did a rattling good gallop on the outer track, and was followed by Thunderbolt, who went for easy work. Tame risk and Brigantine cantered and spurted home. Nimbra and Egbert went a fast five furlongs in 1 minute 8 seconds, and First Chester galloped a mile in good style. Velocipede was sent round the sand track at a strong pace, after which Acme (Hales up) and Philip Augustus (Ellis) camo up from the lower end of the ground. The pair, after a preliminary canter, struck out for five furlongs, at the end of which the colt appeared to have the best of it in 1 minute seconds. Despot indulged in an easy canter twice round. Isonomy sweated on the outer track. Van guard and Liverpool likewise had a sweating bout on the sand. Halcyon galloped a fast five furlongs in 1 minute 7 1 seconds, going very smoothly and to all appearances doing his work with relish. Dirk Hatteraick performed a good working gallop. The Israelite and Signor were given a couple of useful rounds on the sand, whilst Uralla galloped a mile and a-half in even time. Middle march cantered, and was extended for a mile, and Fernandez and Blairgowrie went a fast five furlongs. Wing and Cerise and Blue were despatched for a strong round, and Minerva strode along merrily, whilst Wanda only cantered. Doncaster and Bon Bon did a fast round on the sand. Prince Iinnerial rattled round the tan.' showing no signs of the effects of Saturday's scrimmage. Eagle Grange cantered. Trenton worked inside the course a couple of useful times. Nordenfeldt, Tempe, and Percussion next claimed attention. They were sent over a mile and a-half, from end to end of which the crack took a tremendous amount of driving, Tempe sticking well to him after the early retirement of Percussion. Time for the whole journey, 2 minutes 49 seconds, and for the last six furlongs 1 minute 24$ seconds. Phaon and Chesham were sent for a fast five furlongs, and Ravensworth galloped round the sand track. Islander and Country Boy were treated to a good working gallop, and St. John and Agitation were sent twice round on the outer track strongly. Plausible went on the outer track for long, slow work. Maddelina and Repose galloped five furlongs, doing the half-mile in 54£ seconds. Monte Christo exercised on the sand track. Off Colour and First Prince cantered, and wound up their morning's work with a fast spin. Lesbia and Royal Maid started off for s strong mile and a-half, but the latter very soon tailed off, and the little mare recorded 2 minutes 36 seconds for the round, or 2 minutes 50 seconds for the j ourney . Tom Brown was mildly exercised, and Waiting Maid went slowly. Welcome Jack, Acolyte, and Honeycomb were exercised on the inside course, doing good, useful striding work for a oouple of miles. Lord Wilton had a long exercise on the tan, where Lord Exeter was striding along, improving his pace for the last round. Anchorite and Claudius were exercised on the tan, The Agent cantered on the same track, and Crossfire aud Yellow Jacket covered five furlongs in 1 minute 7 seconds. Honeydew, after striding round on the sand track, finished up with a fast spin. Dividend, Kenneth, i and Opal did medium work, and Belmont cantered and ; spurted home, whilst Lavington and Lantern, who gal- | loped a fast round, were brought home by Trojan. Kit Nubbles was given strong work, pounding along like a glutton. Stornaway, who is never allowed to be idle, had his customary two miles inside the course. Ringmaster and Alphabet went a fast round on the sand, and Telephone and Gemina covered half-a-mile in 62 seconds, whilst The Fobber and Marchioness fillv tralloDed round the sand track, Evie following slowly. Dunlop, accompanied by Antonio, compassed a round on the sand track in 2 minutes 38 seconds, and Damocles and Derision did a smart five furlongs. CAULFIELD, Tuesday. The outer portion of the training track was opened this morning, aim was generally utilised. Freezeout opened the work by schooling over the hurdles. The colts Don Giovanni and Lord Chancellor, after cantering, did a smart brash home of three furlongs. The steeplechaser Lady Ashton was thoroughly well worked, and Orlando went half a mile at his best, pursued by Mossy face. Gasalier went twice round at bar ease, and Parody and Sparkle did a mile of half-pace work, whilst Thrisna cantered, and ran home fast. Camerine' went for a slow round, and then increased to three parts speed. Manxman II. and Dulcet galloped a fast half- mile. Day star and Dexter went slow, and Land League galloped three-quarters of a mile. Grace Darling, who appeared wonderfully well, cantered twice round, and was suocecded by Nuncio and The Ghost. Blink Bonny was exer cised, and Waverley and General Jackson were employed in a like manner. The Bohemian did a useful gallop once round, and Melodious went around in good stylo. Hippo griff had a brisk dose of serviceable work, Rosicrudan and Clansman being asked to do the same. Master Pinetop rattled along, Umberto galloped C furlongs, and a number of others were exercised! The Maribvraong filly Louise Berta had Here Goes for a companion, and the pair went a five-furlong spin at a sharp pace. This about exhausted the work which was worth looking at. Cantering and pace-work is being meted out to more than half of the horses that are being trained here. Master John has been scratched for the Melbourne Cup. Sardius, Too Too, and Kingship, who were in the Caul field accident, were all seriously injured, and it will be some Hmn before they will be put in work again. Thubjsdan. A fair amount of work was done here this morning, but nothing sensational. Real Jam and Bosworth, after cantering, wait at full speed round. Land League galloped for four furlongs, and. Vision did some really good work. Lady Ashton galloped twice round. Gasaliei- bowled along; and, after cantering for a spell, Parody went for a fast mile. Lord Chancellor and Don Giovanni spurted a half mile in. smart style ; Douglas, Phoebe, Walton, and Rapid Bay filly did some useful work, while Land O want a strong mile. Camerine, Meerschaum, and Ditto were sent for a working gallop of a mile and a-quarter. Grace Darling and The GhLOst cantered twice round the track. Clansman, Union Jack, and Robin were despatched for a brisk round, the former by himself. Melodious, General Jackson, Princess, Dis tiller, mil Master John, all did useful work, generally fast, a host of others either cantering or doing half -pace work. Umberto went a strong seven furlongs in a taking style. 