SIIAKliSPEARE v. VOLTAIRE. [To the Editor of the Advertiser ) Sir,—I have read the very interesting paper of Dr. Quick, published by you in connection witli the Shakespeare Society held last week in this city, and orated in fulsome praise of England's greatest poet. There is one part of tho pretty sentimental speech, howovor, that did not fit in ever so nicely to my sensitive organism when the learned gentleman spoke of Voltaire. There are others besides Voltaire who have interpreted much of Shakespeare's writings as figurative nonsense, and not in unison with evory-dav life, but who may also be classed as proselyte. The quiet reposo of a murderer anticipating the death ol a fellow-being is not in accord with vengeance. Human nature will not admit of such a wild conjecture. Dream land in poetry may imagine the "quiet repose," but is that repose natural ? " Was Hamlet mad?'' is a question often asked ; if ho was, where do the beautiful sentiments come in ? One may be apt to imagine all sorts of speculative theories about high-class poetry, not generally understood. Francis Marie Drouet de Voltaire was born in Chatenay, near Paris, in 10114, and re ceived liis education in the Jesuit College of Louis XIV. He was a Frenchman. What matter as to birthplace? We should forget the " clan" of any nation when speaking of talent. We have been surfeited, as it were, with Shakespeare's plays ; but few amongst us know ought of Voltaire's Qidipus, represented in Franco in 1518 with such great success. Shakespeare did nut find such favor in his generation. His writings may have been improved upon since then. It is idle to say there were not intellectual critics at that time who could discern man's character of man. Is it not to bo deplored that same philosophers of our time cannot now respect tho writings of Voltaire's Henriado, so favorably received in England in 17-1 ? In 1730 he published in France his Brutus, which was followed with Zara, the most affecting of his tragedies. We are not all familar with the French analogy of the "mirror held up to nature," as with the English, version, to give a just verdict. Voltaire's next production was Lettres Philoso phiquss, which gave offence for profaneness among a certain clique, and it was ordered to be de stroyed by tho Parliament of Paris. But the illustrious philosopher came up smiling again with his praises of Sir Isaac Nowton, making liis coun trymen acquainted with the discoveries of one of England's greatest astronomers. Tho science of truth seamed to be ono of Voltaire's loves. Franco is the birthplace of science few can be found to deny, and becauso that nation is situated on an opposite side of the English Channel wo should not altogether lean exclusively to the southern side of ancient Albion as the only placo where truo genius survives as tho fittest. Voltaire also broughtout tho play of Alzira, of which wegenerally know little, wl.ile Mahomet was condemned as immoral and irreligious. Ho had, it seems, soino weak points of character, but perhaps tho latter work was too truthful to be acceptable in his time. The subject might take in our day. Padded tights and burlesqued allusions to profanity in religion appear to find favor at theatrical representations in the nineteenth century. Voltaire's immorality might not huvo been more serious than human frailty is now so susceptible of; and as to irreligion there is plenty of c ontempt felt in that line at tho present day. His " Meropo" brought out in 1743, was received with such applause that the poet became a favorito at court, and was appointed gentleman of the bedchamber and historiographer of France. In 17-1G ho was admitted into tho Academy of Sciences, on which occasion ho broke through the old custom of panegyrising Cardinal liicheiieu, which again brought him to grief. Not so much of the " philosophic cynic or tho miserable insect of tho linui" in this departure of dignity bowing to homage, or in other words, objecting to being made a speaking machine or tool of. In 177S Voltaire went back to Paris " to find his glory and his grave." It may be mentioned that liis other works'were:—An Essay on General History, Age of Louis XIV, Life of Charles XII of Sweden, History of the Czar, Peter theOroat, Komances of Candide, Lalig, and others. Ho had stupendous talents, and his collected works form 70 vols. Svo. Whether by accident or otherwise is not known he took an overdose of opium, and died 3uth May, 177S. There is no doubt about the life and history of Voltaire. He had, it is truo, some traits of character by no means great or estimable. His faults were marked, not shown by recret intrigu ing. Respecting the history of William Shake speare, he was born at Stratford-upon-Avon, 2.Srd April, lf>G4. William had faults it seems, for when about twenty years old ho was wild and irregular, and was imprisoned for implication in Stealing deer from the park of Sir Thomas Lucy, of Charlecote, near Stratford. History is at fault as to the real authorship of Shakespearian poetry. Some writors go so far as to insinuate that tho name of William Shakespeare is an idol of a genius. It is reported of him that he could only play the Ghost to liis own Hamlet. Well, this creation of a character has often puzzled my common under standing, of a dead person appearing and talking in the flesh, It may bo called iigiuative, but it is unnatural, and very like—rubbish, unless tho said ghost had boen materialised by somo medium of spiritualistic power, which the great majority of intelligence in this present nge scout with scorn. How vacillating human nature is to uphold the one and despise the other. I will not attempt to criticise Shakespearo's plays as a whole, for thcro are somo grand passages in them high abovo any of his lator contemporaries; but it cannot bo denied that thet'C c.ro some stretches of the imagination in a few ot the parages. Af any rate tlisy aro at a little variance with my ignorant notions of poetic justice.— I am, etc.. 25th April. IGNORAMUS. 