CAPITAL WINE. BY THE LATE HUGH CONWAY, Author of "Called Back," "Dark Days," &e.; " Capital wine, John," I said, holding the glass between the lamp and my eyes, and ad miring the rich ruby tint. "Capital, isn't it?" replied John, cuddling his glass in the palm of his hand in order to warm the wine and fully bring out its bouquet and flavor. We had just finished the sort of dinner I consider perfection for two persons. A drop of clear soup, a sole, and a brace of woodcocks. That is, to my mind, as nice a dinner as can be devised, and one which having eaten you have no occasion to reproach yourself with high feed ing or gluttony. Others may devour huge cuts from sirloin, leg, or saddle, but I am always contented with a humble menu like the above. "Thirty-four of course," I said after tasting the port again. John nodded, and continued nursing his glass. "Where did you buy it, John?" I en quired. * "Didn't buy it," replied John; "you can't buy such wine as that now." b gift from a grateful client, I presume," I aid. refilling my glass. I" Not a bit of it. Clients ain't so generous nowadays. If we can get our costs we are content." "Well, how did you get it?" " Stole it," replied John, shortly. " What do you mean ?" " I mean I stole that wine as much as ever a tlutf stole a watch. I planned, plotted, and at last succeeded in effecting the theft. You would have done the same, would you not ?" "I don't know. It depends upon the risk of conviction and imprisonment, but tell me all about it." John placed all the bottles fairly between us and began— You knew my old uncle, William Slagg— at any rate you have heard of him. Well, he made a good bit of money drysalting, and what is more, made it when he was a youngish man. He must have been well brought up, or mixed with the right sort of people, for he developed a wonderful taste for wine, and instead of doing what lots of people do now—more shame to them—send out to their grocers for a half a dozen as they want it, used to buy a pipe or butt at a time and lay it down. He reaped the reward of his sensible conduct, for when he retired from drysalting he found himself with a cellar not enly amply stocked but without a drop of bad wine in it. So he settled down to live comfortably on his investments, and to drink his wine in peace. Poor old boy! it was beautiful to see him and amusing to hear him with the decanters in front of him. He knew the history of each wine he gave you, and nearly all had a tender reminiscence for him. He would sip a drop of sherry and look across at me and say—"I call this more than wine, John. It is a poem; something to enjoy and think over." Then he would turn to the port. "I bought that pipe, John, when I made a wonderful hit in tallow;" or "That claret, John, I laid down when logwood went up to such a price," and so on. The old man was by no means a winebibber, but he would take his four or five glasses after dinner and enjoy them. He suffered a little from gout before he died, but not more than many elderly gentlemen with rnbicund faces. He lived a good many yeara enjoying the fruit of his labors and the juice in his cellars, and at last slipped away quietly and peacefully. His last words were to me— " Give them the '47 and the green seal sherry at the funeral, John; there's more body, more solemnity in those wines than some of the others." And then old William Slagg went off, and I have no doubt is now the best judge of nectar in the upper regions. He left me his executor, and I am happy to say the reversion of a considerable sum when biB widow dies. But it was not without a feel ing of disappointment I found all the contents of his house, including the cellar of wines, were hers absolutely. It seemed absurd for a splendid lot of wines like that to belong to a woman who would be utterly unable to appreciate them, and whose ideas of wine were bounded after the manner of womankind by sweet champagne on one side and family port on the other. I had never expected to be left so much money, but had always cherished the hope that Uncle Slagg, who had greatly approved of the way in which I discussed his liquor, would have left me those wines. However, I thought very likely the widow would prefer a good sum of money to the full bins, so I intended to offer to buy them after a decent interval. My Aunt Slagg has very different ideas to those of her late and lamented husband. I remember her, however, as a sensible womai and having a good eye to the main chance sb had been a capital" wife to WiUiam~Slagg i twelvemonth before his death sh< But about at — had attended some revival meetings, a love feast, or something of that sort, and been con veited. I can't tell, of course, but I feel sun tbat nothing can be more annoying to ai ordinary man than to find the wife of hi boscm, who has jogged along with him ver comfortably in a give-and-take style fo many years, suddenly turn round am lecture him upon his amiable little weak nesses. I am convinced the shock of her con version hastened poor old William's death He had been so accustomed to look upoi drinking good wine as the duty of a Christiai that when hiB wife made a new departure am became a rabid teetotaller the thing was toi much for him, and he died trying to solve tb problem. She would quote Sir Wilfred Law eon, Dr. Richardson, and other authorities al dinner time, and when the decanters wer placed upon the table walk away with a loo] of chastened sorrow upon her face. Nothing of course, could wean Uncle Slagg from hi wine-pots, as she coiled his little weakness, bi I know after tirades the liquor had lost son of its flavor for him, and did not taste the sam as in the old days before her awakening, whe she would fill his glass and even press him t take an extra one for the sake of his health, wonder he did not alter his will, and no dout he would had he known to what lengths he fanaticism would lead her. I managed by skilful tactics to keep on prett good terms with the old lady. I took the ten perance tracts with which she bristled, an led her to understand that if I could not mak • , ,—~ ■■■"» _»***«• m il a wuiu uuv mat a^vvnri f l*6 4^e. pkdg0 at once it w; a good deal out of consideration for her hu .. w . _ vw*M«vioaamuu tur ner nu band's feelings, and I might do so some da; She looked upon me as a weak vessel, but ha great hopes that I might eventually be stroi enough to hold the gift of grace, as she rather curiously termed it. After Willi ant Slagg's death I had in my position as executor a lot of business to transact with her, and for some weeks saw Ker nearly every day. I thought the time was coming when I might broach the subject of the cellar to her, and as I was walk ing to the house one afternoon, determined to sound her upon it, I rang and knocked for some minutes, but could get no answer to my summons. They are all upstairs I thought, and can't hear me. Then I remembered that the day before, after going through a lot of papers of my uncle's, I had locked the drawers and put his bunch of keys in my pocket. His latchkey was amongst them, and I took the liberty of opening the door with it. As I entered the house I smelt a very peculiar smell proceeding from the kitchen. It was the odor of wine, and very strong. They must have broken a bottle carrying it up, I thought. Perhaps after all the old lady is not so strict a teetotaller when alone. Ana l laughed at the idea, little dreaming from whence the smell came. I could find no one in any of the sitting looms, and, as I heard persons moving in the basement, proceeded there. My aunt, hearing my steps on the stairs, ran to the kitchen door to see who it was. I noticed she appeared vexed as she met me. " I am particularly engaged this afternoon, John, and can't speak to you now," she said. As she spoke I noticed the smell of the wine was almost overpowering, and I wondered what she was doing. She had some old gown on, and that covered with a rough white apron, apparently soaked with some colored fluid. She was dusty, dirty, untidy, and heated, and I noticed blood flowing from a cut on her hand. What extraordinary household exploit could she be engaged in! When a lady tells you decidedly she can't stop to talk to you, and when she appears up to her eyes in cleaning house or something of that sort, the next thing to do is to make yourself scarce ; so I apologised for my in trusion, and promised to call again to-morrow. " But what a strong smell of wine, aunt!" I said. " Don't you notice it ?" " My servants have just broken a bottle or two," she replied, looking rather embarrassed. " Good bye, John—shut the door after you." " Good-bye," I said, and retraced my steps. As I went up those dark kitchen stairs a sudden thought struck me. And yet it seemed so wild and absurd that I laughed at the idea. But before I had reached the top it had taken full possession of me, and I felt cold and pale with dread. I could not bear the uncer tainty, and determined to ascertain, at any risk, if my suspicions were correct. Instead, therefore, of shutting the door from the out side, I shut it with a good bang from the inside and waited, scarcely breathing, at the top of the stairs. After a minute's listening my ears caught a crash of glass, and then a rich gurgle of fluid that sent a thrill of horror through my heart. Another crash, another gurgle, and then another and another, and even that strange scent of wine stronger and stronger. It must be as I thought, so I crept like a cat down the stairs once more and gently opened the kitchen door. No one was there, but I heard another crash and my aunt's voice exclaim in a tone of exalted fervor— " Glory—Alleluia—another bait taken from Satan's trap!" I passed across the kitchen and looked through the door of the scullery, and there I saw my aunt and one of her red-cheeked ser vant wenches busily engaged in knocking the necks off the cobwebbed bottles, and—oh, desecration!—pouring their priceless contents amid potato parings, soapsuds, and beastli ness of that sort £own the sink to gladden the hearts of the rats in the main sewer. For a few moments I was so taken aback I could not speak or move. It seemed like a ghastly dream. Yet it was real, and I could see an exalted look in my aunt's face, and as I heard her exclaim with each cruel decapitation, " Another bait snatched from Satan!" I knew the poor woman was earnest in her conviction, and imagined she was doing right. As I looked at this strange scene, thinking what course to take, an exclamation behind me made me turn, and I saw in the kitchen the other red cheeked servant girl, bearing on her muscular arm a bottle basket holding a dozen of wine she had evidently brought up from the cellar for the purpose of immolation. Oh, William Slagg, you must have turned in your grave! If I had ever believed in ghosts thi3 work would have banished my belief, for if anything could have brought a ghost back to earth the sacrifice going on would have brought yours back. That basket contained the very par ticular, the joy of your heart, the wine that only came forth on the most important occa sions, the very opening of which was a religious ceremony, and fervent prayers went up over each bottle that the cork may have withstood the ravages of years and the wine be still sound! And now Even if the servant had not discovered me I should have interfered then, so I stepped boldly forwards into the scullery and con fronted the heartless executioners. The ser vant, looking sheepish and ashamed, put down the bottle, the neck of which was just approach ing the edge of the stone sink. My aunt, with the consciousness of rectitude, met my gaze firmly. "Thank heaven I returned," I said. " What does this mean 1" "Mean, John ! Only that I am doing my duty." " Doing your duty in pouring the finest cellar of wine in London down a common sink!" " You know my views, John. I say touch not, taste not, handle not." She has been touching and handling with a vengeance, I thought, but I kept my temper, and said— " But if you won't drink it why not sell it and give the proceeds to the poor if you like?" "No, John. I have considered the subject fully. My duty is to pour it down there. If I sell it—if I give it away—some one will drink, and every drop of wine that passes down a man's throat helps to float him to perdition." Her imagery was strange, but her mind was made up, so after a pause I said— " Come upstairs and talk with me. Tell your servants to stop for a bit." She followed me, saying, "It'sno good talk ing, John; my mind is made up." I cast about for a way to move her, and at last decided on a bold course. We seated ourselves in the dining-room, near that polished mahogany board in which poor old Uncle Slagg loved to see the crystal decanters mirrored. Then I commenced gravely— "My dear aunt, you will understand that from motives of prudence I could not speak before your servants as I can now. Of course, I do not dispute your right to do what you like with your own, but I am sure you cannot be aware of the penalties you are incurring in this wholesale destruction of fermented liquors." " How do you mean?" she said, startled. " I mean, I replied in my most solemn ac cents, "that you are defrauding the excise, and are liable to heavy fine and, I believe, imprison ment." " But the wine is my own," she argued. " Precisely, so is this sovereign mine; but were I to clip, debase, or destroy it I lay myself open to legal proceedings and punishment. Wine has paid duty, and is protected in the same manner as this sovereign. "How unjust," she said. " It may be so, but it is the law. Moreover, the informer gets a good share of the fine, so see how you place yourself in your ser vants' power, and what temptation you expose them to." " But I will go to prison and glory in my martyrdom," she said, with an angelic look. "Excuse me, my dear aunt, but I cannot afford to go to prison, and as I am the executor, and responsible for everything, I should share your fate. It may seem selfish, but I must guard against this. I shall, there fore, ask you to give me the key of the cellar; allow me to seal up the door, and I promise you, at the expiration of a twelvemonth, when I give you legal possession of everything here and take your discharge, I will return the key, and you must then please yourself." Now, I well know how frightened women are at the idea of coming into collision with the law: so although the penalties I threatened her with were improbable and ahsurd, they set her thinking, and I awaited her answer hopefully. I added, though, as a make weight— " How terribly vexed poor uncle would have been had he seen you to-day." " I believe, John, that in the place my dear husband now is he fully realises the errors of his life, and could he look down"—or up I thought—"he would be pleased to see my actions," I thought of the poor old fellow as I last saw him at tne table, and smiled at the idea, but was too wise to contradict her. After a pause she said— " Well, John, you have been very kind and attentive, and I should not like you to get into trouble, so I will do as you wish. But mind, at the end of twelve months, nothing shall stop me throwing all the wine away." 1 Baw the basket of the " very particular" safely restored to its snug bin; I locked the door, affixed my seal to it, and carried the key away, rejoicing that I had arrived in time to save the wine. But my task was not half over. I knew my aunt so well, and felt sure she would carry out her threat at the expiration of the time named, so I wove_ a plot to obtain absolute possession of the wine, without putting her m a mad house, or even forfeiting her good will or any chance legacy. I said not another word about the cellar, but when the summer came persuaded her to go away to the seaside for a short time. With all her magnificent conduct as to wasting alcoholic treasures she was rather near, and said she could not afford it. She would like to go for a month or two, but found the expenses of her present house too great. I suggested letting it furnished for the time to a respectable tenant. She fell in with this suggestion, and when, through the house agent, my friend Tom Sin clair offered to take the-house at a handsome sum per week, and brought her unexceptional references, the matter was settled. Tom said he had his own servants, so she sent hers away on board wages. On the evening of the day she left I met Tom by appointment at the house. His servants were all a myth, and there was no one to interfere with us. We broke the seal and opened the door, and found in the cellar, which had been excavated and enlarged by my old uncle's directions, at least five hundred dozen of wine, sleeping in beautifully - arranged bins peacefully and happily, little dreaming how narrowly it had escaped total destruction. I determined to act with great caution. We had plenty of time before us, and I felt to escape detection the cellar must be left a3 we found it. I made an exact plan of it, marking the contents of the bins and the number of bottles in each, and also noting the appearance as well as I could. And then Tom, commis sioned by me, went round to auctioneers and wine merchants buying as cheaply as he could all the refuse he could find. Sour claret, fetid sherry, and fusty port formed the staple of his purchases. He was a perfect godsend to the lucky tradesmen he patronised, and if they ever imagined he was going to drink his pur chases all who sold him wine were equally guilty of manslaughter. We had it packed and sent to Tom's warehouse, and in two or three journeys hauled it to my aunt's, and stowed it in the basement. The house was in a quiet neighborhood, and stood in a garden, so we . ran little risk of detection. And then our work began. We were a month at it,J[off and on, and I assure you the labor was so hard that only the thought of the rich reward enabled me to go through with it. We trusted no one, but did everything ourselves. We took the bins regu larly, emptied them of their contents, unpacked a sufficient quantity of our dreadful purchasd to replace them, and having done that filles the empty cases with the real Simon Pure, labelled each with the particulars, and nailed them down. In about a month our work was complete, and the five hundred and odd dozens of the old man's cherished wine Jay ready packed for removal, whilst through our careful ness the cellar presented an appearance very much the same as it did before we commenced our meritorious task. The risk of detection was rendered less_ from my uncle having fol lowed the old-fashioned plan of filling the bins withsawdust. This, which was old anddirty, we carefully replaced, and relocking and resealing the door, after packing the last case, executed a dance of triumph at the success of our plot so far, and fully trusted to our cleverness in completely deceiving the old lady. In the dusk of the evening we sent two large waggons to the house, and by twelve o'clock that night the rescued treasures were safe in Tom's ware house under lock and key. Of course our operations had left the basement of my aunt's house in a terrible litter, so we devoted another week to putting all that straight. This being done to our satisfaction, Tom wrote to Mrs. Slagg, and enclosed a cheque for two months' rent, saying that his plans being changed he intended to leave the house at once. The old lady, who had grown tired of the seaside, came back, and, although much disgusted at the dusty state she found the house in, and vowing nothing should induce her to let it again, never showed the slightest suspicion of what had transpired during her absence. Now that I was happy as to the wiues I waited with great curiosity to see whether, at the expiration of the time of probation, she would carrv out her intentions. I found that she was as firmly resolved as ever, and as I wished to see the end of the affair after handing her the key, with a feigned protest I told her ! bad almost persuaded myself with heridea3 she could not do otherwise, and offered to give her any assistance I could in the good work. Almost incredulous she accepted my aid, and a good work it was to pour the filthy contents of those bottles down the kitchen sink. Faugh! it nearly made us all sick; but I know my as sistance on that occasion secures me a good legacy, as she altered her will in my favor the next day. The cream of the joke was that a3 the ser vant girl brought up a basket full of the noxious compounds and reported that this was the very last, my aunt hesitated for a few minutes, and, as perhaps some tender recollec tions of her late husband presented themselves, said to me— "John, if you would like to take this last dozen, for your poor uncle's sake, you can. I ought to do away with all, I know, but one dozen is very little from the large quantity I have sacrificed. So take it, if vou wish." * I trembled at the idea, and answered as one who overcomes a severe temptation. " My dear aunt, don't let any inclination of mine lead you from what you consider your duty. No doubt I shall be better without it, so led it follow the rest." She gave me a grateful smile, and the last dozen of William Slagg's supposed wine gurgled down the sink, and my aunt cleaned herself from the stains of the sacrifice and went to a prayer meeting radiant and happy. She, no doubt, expects her reward hereafter, and doubt less she will receive it; for if ever a good act was done in this world she did one when she poured away that five hundred dozen of hor rible stuff called wine. John, having finished his tale, took a bright little key from his pocket, and rose. " I suppose your friend Sinclair claimed some of the spoil ?" I asked. " 0 yes, the wretch ! Wanted a hundred and fifty dozen, but I managed to compound for about half that quantity. So my cellar of wine was cheap after all, and I can well spare that other bottle I am now going to fetch." The End. 