Miscellanea. The Ghost of the " Territorial Separationist." "NVe have much pleasure in reproducing the following extract from the Territorial Separa tion'^ of the Gth instant, which, as its name implies, is a paper enteitaining somewhat imaginative "views on general subjects. Ontho congenial one of ghosts it is, as will be seen, at its best:— From time to time we hear of apparitions being seen in different parts of the country, but as a rule we are inclined to treat them iu a very sceptical manner, and to attribute their appearance in this mundane sphere to close communion with Jim Hennessy, or other kin dred spirits. In the present instance, however, no one would for a moment even insinuate that the parties who?e names we shall presently dis close have ever shown any partiality for spirits, ardent or otherwise '1 The facts are shortly these:—Mr. Caven dish Liardetbad occasion, in the beginningof tho wcnk, to start in company with Constable GriSin in pursuit of some men who had helped themselves to a port on of the effects of tho KuLki hut, which is situated on Korlcy run, a few miles from t>xn. The first night they reached C'hesbunt, another cut station, about thirty miles further on. At litis piece stands a very old dilapidated hut, donbtlcs- erected (judging from tho port* hob.a iu the hides) when tho blacks were more troubles'me than now. There they made up their minds to stay for the night. After turn ing out their hordes they repaired to the hut and took potrcsrion. Mr. Liarilct forthwith proceeded to g-:t ready their frugal meal. While so engaged, it gieat commotion wan beard utuonget the nvrfci? outside ; hut neither Mr. Liaidc-t nor the constable could find cut the cause of the alarm, 'iliey leturnod, and about 10 p.m., while Mr. Liardct was hu.iily engaged kneeling the 'Johnny caVes,* suddenly the old chimney /oil in with a crush, and almost simultaneously the door was smashed in, th»k stool close by overturned. ami Mr. Lhtrd ct and his companion observed u wcird-liko object, beating u hasty rit eat. They at once started in -mrsuit, and judge their horror whan tiny at v something iu apparently human form villi a l.ullock-hide, with the curs attached for a covering, and :i nee'ahice of wjiat appeared to be bobble curium They felt certain from the lithe movement of tho figtuo tliut it was not of this terrestrial sphere. They watched it afc a, respectful dislartde, to. Liardet, addreasihg it in several Continental languages, while his companion in stentorian, Hibernian tones challenged it in tho ordinary police vernacular. To all this, doubtless through tho want of tho usual introduction, the ghost turned a deaf ear, and tho ooustublo, though armed, had such profound respect for tho supernatural that ho did not fii'o, but allowed it to movo noiselessly away, with lightning-l'ko speed, tpwnrds the ,orcekj whoro tho green-eyed (green-hide) monster got into h punt, and Quickly reached tho other sido, vanisbihg into space, leaving Mr.Liardet and his companion panic stricken on the opposite side. After some timo they regained their I equanimity, and repaired to tho hut very much agitated* .Their appetites had left thom, Mr. Inardot'a * Johnny cukes ' remained dough, and they lay down, not to sleep, but pcrchanco to dream of tho horrid sight they had witnessed. " Wo give this story for what it is worth, but we mar remark that Mr. Hinrdet and tho constable (two most veracious individuals) are profound believers in its truth." 