The Russian Army and Navy (From tho Morning fott.) TnK uncertainty which prevails with rogard to tho rotations botwoon England and Bussia owing to the Afghan frontier question imparts additional interest to tho state of tho Russian military and naval resources. Tho condition of tho army of Russia was fully dealt with in an artiolowluohappearedrocontlyin tlieso columns, and it. will now be sufficient for tho purposo to stato that, omitting from our calculation non oombatanfci, Russia would, in case of war, bo able to plaoo in the field at onoe 758,000 infantry, 53,000 riflomeii, 5G,000 cavalry (included in, which foroo thero would be H indepondont cavalry divisions, with 108 guns), increased immediately by about 48,000 combatants by tho formation of '9 additional Cossack rogimonts ; 88,000 artillery, with 3,456 guns; and 35,000 engineers. The above figures aro bosod upon a work published quito rooontly on tho Rut-siim army, whioh enables us to form an accurato estimate of tho land forces at the disposal of Russia. Tho figures given show that that countrv nossossps u fipM jirmv of 1,038,000 combatants, with over 3,G00 guns. As, however, according to tho same source, in oase of a mobilisation, an infantry reserve of 400,000 men would at onco bo avnil ablo, the grand total of a po'siblo Russian field army could bo raised to 1,438,000 men. But this dpos not by any means represent the real fighting strength of Russia, lor thore is available a second reserve, tho first olusa of wh'ch would supply marly 2,000,000 men, whilst no estimate has yet been formed of tho number comprised in the second class. It has been »bserved by a recent writer that Rus3ia is practically unussailublo in Europe by England. To some extout tho justness of his conclusions must bo admitted ; but suroly he cannot overlook the fact thit in case of hos tilities tho Russian navy could not hope to suc cessfully cope with thnt of Groat Britain. Alarmists in this country notwitstanding, our navy is still a weapon not to bo despised, and tho Russian Government knows very well that great injury could be inflicted by our ships. At tho samo time, it would bo folly if wo omitted to take into account the dofensivo power, such as it is, which Russii possesses in her navy. It is true that navy within recent years receded from tho third position which itformerlyocoupiod, to the seventh placeamong naval Powers ; yotitis still formidable enough to bo respooted, as tho following statement will show. Tho Russinn navy is divided into four divisions, tho Baltic fleet, tho Black Sea fleet, tho Siberian fleet, and tho Caspian fleet, of which, however, only tho first two need be taken seriously into account. The Baltio fleet comprises 32 ironclads, viz., 5 turret frigates, 8 armoured oruisers (3 of them building), 1 case ment ship, and S battery ships of the old typo, all classed as battle ships, besides 1 3 monitors for coast defence, and all launched before 1867 ; 9-1 torpedo vessels and boats, '24 cruisers, viz., 2 torpeco ram cruisers (I building), 12 clipper ships of the new and 3 of the old type, 1 frigate and 6 flush-decked corvettes, 12 gunboats of the new and 5 of the old typo, 30 yachts, viz., 9 steam yachts, 4 frteam cutters, and 17 sailing yachts ; and 79 transport, harbour, &c;, ships (2 building), of which only 2 are sailing ships (1 building). Total strength of the Baltio fleet: 246 vessels of all classes (ot which 5 aro tinder construction). The Blaok Sea fleet comprises 7 ironclads, viz., 3 turret ships (all building), 2 Popoffkaa, and 2 armoured gun boata, 14 torpedo vessels and boats, 7 oruisors of the volunteer fleet, 3 auxiliary cruisers ; 86 other uaurmoured vessels — viz., 2 yachts, 2 flush-dock corvettes, 1 screw-steamer, 2 paddle steamers, 14 sorew schooners, 14 vessels classed as steamers, 45 small steamers, 1 mino- ship., and 5 fire-ships. Total strength of Blaok Sea fleet: 11' vessels of all descrip tions, some of them, however, very old. Ths thrco most powerful ships of that division of tho Russian fleet are still under construction. As wus suited above, tho Siberia and Caspian fleets do not connt for much, and the latter would only come into requisition in case of an Afghan or Persian war for the transport of troops ; hut to make this return complete thoy should be included. Tho Siberian fleet com prises 6 torpedo boats, 1 clipper, 3 transport vessels, 4 gunboats, 14 steamers of various sizes, and 18 sailing vessols ; total, 46 vessels. Tho flotilla of the Caspian consists of 3 sorew gunboats, 1 Bcrew steamer, 7 puddle steamers, 8 small steam vessels, 8 sailing transports, 3 other sailing vessels, and 3 fire-ships ; total, 33 vessels. As tho Caspian would, iu case of a war with Afghanistan, become an important route of communication, tho de ficiency of steam transports ought to be noted. Russia also possesses somo niival material on tho sea of Aral, consisting of six steamers and about 20 sailing vessels ; but leavingthese as im material, out of the reckoning, the sum total of tho Rusnian navy amounts to 112 vessels of all descriptions. Of this numbor, however, a great number are almost useless ; and, confin ing ourselves to Really efficient ships, we find that Russia has only 185 of them availablo for service, 25 being ironolads (10 buttle-ships, l.'i coast defouco vessols of the monitor class, and 2 armoured gunboats), 1 torpedo ram oruiser, 114 torpodo bouts, 29 unarmonred cruiser.-i, and 16 gunboats beside a lirgo number of traLS ports, &o.; 'We have not included in this esti mato one casemate ship and five battery ships of au old type, nor tho two Fopoff kas ; nor. finally, gunboats and cruisers of antiquated pattern, which would not stand the ghost of a chance in a naval encounter. In a possible collision in Afghanistan between this country and Russia, only a small propor tion of the immense military forces at the disposal of the latter could bo utilised Jat pro pent. If ft struggle woro to take place now, Iiusoia* would have to draw, in the first place, upon the troops located in Turkestan. There are at prusont of regular troops ten battalions of rifles recruited and stationed in the Trans enroinn. -provinces, sav about 10.000 men. There are no data available p to tho number of oavalry and artillery garrisoned there, nor of the irregular forces that could be raised on the spot. In the noxt placo, the Russian Government has a large force in reserve in TranscauOHsia, whioh it is at liberty to employ either in the direction of Turkey, Persia, or Afghanistan. Russiahns at presont permanently stationed in tho Transoaucasian provincos an army which, on a peace footing numbers about 128,000 men, but which will, no doubt, be largely augmented by tho introduction of compulsory military service in that portion of tho einpiro. In coso of war, a considerable portion of tho army would probably be shipped luiroHS tho Caspian by way of Baku and Michailovvk; but the ohief supply of oom batants would bo drawn from European Russia, over Odossa to Poti, and thence by rail to BrIcu, and across tho Caspian. The most serious obstacle to tho employment of a large forco is the difficulty of transport. The Trans Caspian Rnilway extends at present from lliohailovsk to Kizil Arvat, 185 miles, only a short way to Herat, which is 523 miles from the Caspian, port ; but there oan be no doubt that its gradual extension to Askaoad, Sarakhs, and Herat is only a question of timo. Tho respite thus granted to England ought to be mado good use of. Lobd Deudy axi- Punch. — An excellent, although deservedly severe, satire upon .Lord ])erby and his iidjuinistrution of tho Colonial office (s*y h the Jfome Keim) appeared in London Punch. His butler is interviewed by ths journal's ' backstair representative,' who in at onco admitted on satisfautory assurimco that ho is not ' an Australian member of Parlia ment, or somo grumbling loufor of thut sort.' After somo sharp hitting about his lordi.h.fp'H privuto peculiarities, tho iut&rviewer; asks how tho Colonial Minister sponds his spare lime. The answer is an introduction to Lurd Derby's study, whioh speaks for itself. In tho window aro two tci'iestrinl globed ; on tho walls several oolouual map». Tho butler explains vrilh pitying contempt, ' H» knows nothing about geography— nuvor did.' Tho Minister was making up for Umfc timo, but, unhappily, without flrst-oluss materials. Thin wn« evident from tho mapu. That of Africa contained no indication wnatovor of tho Ciirae roons ; not far ott was a hugo swing chart of tho Congo 'as known to geographers in 1837.' At this momont some ono appears upon tho soeno. Was it the noble owner of tho mansion? Tho butler for tho moment is not ccrtuin. But thon tho now comer sits down und almost paB sionately throws up hia arms. 'Zanzibar,' bo orios in dospair; 'who ever heard of Zanaibar?' The butlor, no longer in doubt, at oooe Baya, ' It's him.' . 