West Wimmera. (from our own correspondent.) Oct, 16. The value or straw on a farm has been set forth frequently in the columns of The Weekly Times. A selector at Goker Dam had bv him two years' straw : he has cut it iovo chaff, and sold it at the rate of £5 per ton It must be very galling to the gentlemen who burnt their stubble last year to pay ths above price. May the lesson prodacs practical effects. Mr. Skegg?, cf Nhill, bought a Deerias reaper end binder last year, and rent bis man around with it, and succeeded first- class. Orders are being sent in rapidly, asking him to cat for them next eeascu. Some farmers think they will make a ven ture and get a machine for hire, hoping it will pay for itself during the approaching harvest. The reaper and binder ha? been reduced in price, yet it is too high for smalt farmers to reach. However, the machine has wen a reputation, and now it is simply & matter of cash. It will be ia a year or two ths popular machine. A few weeks sinee, the railway contractors cut down scms mallee near Nhill, and is i? almost incredible with whet vigour it is again tending forth its shoots. The malice lessees stand aghast at the sullen determination of tbe scrub to hold its own. A large number cf cats were let loose near Winiam station, and, as a consequence, the bunnies have visibly diminished. The despised crow, whom the farmer pops his g un at so often, has adopted a new and very useful mode of earning his living. He wails araotg the barrows, &cd; when a small rabbis comes out to enjoy the fresh air, Mr. Crow bills him, and the i one cent bonny pays the cost by giving up tbe ghost. Last week a Mr Roediger. of Lorquon paid Mr. Miller, of Nhill, £400 for his aisiiee block. Considering tht latter has laid out about £14 by w=.y of reut to the Crowe, e. m folks fancy he has not done so very bad. The purchaser is a practical farmer and michinisi:, acd doubtless will epeedily put a large area cf the Baid block under cultivation. Land is rising ia value. A property at Bleak Hons-/ was " po h-poohsd" at when placed at time guioeas an acre. It hs crept up to £4 12s. 6d. per a err. Many are biting tbeir naile because tbsy did cot purchase it some time eivce. bring a nice property, known as Bleak House station. White weed is causing great annoyance sfc Wiuiiim and Trrangiunie. Some are going, to the expense of hand weeding to prevent txiensio . The first expense is the cheapest- v,»y cf dealing with the oboox;ous plant. The Cepe weed has taken a firm grip on the sandy soils, especially around Mount Elgin. Ga Saturday last a mob of valuable horses waa sold by auction ai Nhill. They wre bought io Booth Australia and brought t-vr on speculation. Ths demand far exoceds the supply in this part of ths colony. G od tueoiuus, uuggety draughts are greatest in deciP-ua, averaging about £25 to £3Q each. A heavy shows? 0f jast. Sunday, and around Wirtfa© it did not disappear for several hours, notwithstanding an October sun eliocQ upon ir. F&Uowisg; is still pursued by a tew telactore, Mr. Paul Mackenzie is fallowing I a part of his mallee block as an experiment. tbe scmb grow too rapidly and choke the wbeat next autumn? Shearing is ever at Mount Elgin, and the clip has been really good. Mr. Hens ley w about to hold a large eale f t sheep, oattle, an! horses, in imifsiioQ of the annual sales held on some large stations in the Western District. . , . . ?at meat is now a luxury scarcely obtain able in the Wimmera. Lean cattU and sheep, with tough sinews, are the order or the day. Materfamilia sigba for tender meat, and at somewhat a cheaper price than the present r -te- 