I ¿POHTINÜ IHTMLLlGENCa. -«¡fr SPORTING NOTKS. Troin to (lay there will no doubt be some bettinc, to quote in coniie\ion with the Mel bourne Cup the weijits for windi in tj Le issued tina nfternot n Up 11 now time li is 1 een \er> little dom- on ti t "re iti st of spring handicaps notwithstandin- tht tempting price ollered in two or tlirte qu irters of 1 000 to 10 on the held T he vv eigl ta foi tilt Grand National Meeting at 1 lemington nt\t month also appear to d d together with tilos tor the Hawkesbury Handicap and neu Satur ln> s Orand National Meeting at 1 Isternwick pari Hie wei-hls for the Caulfield Cup are not __c . u tina da) «eel so til it there is pltntj (Í time in the mt rim to malet, doublt cvitit s lections fiutn til Melbourne Cup tim ai cups i he acceptance» and general entries for the Mooroopna J acing Club s meetin_ on \\\ ed nestln) uro due to da) On luesday Mcssis W C -tillie nnd Co will oller tor tait the well 1 nown hurdle race and stteplechobo vv nner llu/¿iu Breeders of racing atotk will do well to note the closm" of the entries for the Pro dute Stakes in connexion with the Albury lilting Club on \\\ etinesd ly with Mr C len Brnil the secretar) tit the Globe Hotel Ubmy lheeitnt is for now ytar liii"8 to be run nt\t )car Hie added monty is 100 sovs to a sweepstakes of 5 sov3 i onnnation lsi\erei(,n Mr Coi lins issued his programme for the Moonee A alley meeting of baturdity the 11th ofJul) J he diflcrent items art, the Hurdle Kact of 50 sovs about a milt and three <iuarttrs Jul) Handicap of CO sovs sin furlongs Steeplechase of r0 sovs about one mile and a half Selling Knee ot 50 sovs., w ( ight for age u inner to be sold for 100 sovs hall a mile and the Latest Handicap oí 50 sovs for two year olds, hvt furlongs 5 ntnes close on Monday next the 0th of Jul) 1 he \V iterloo Coursing Cup list will 1 e called over at i o clçjck this alttrnoon at the Mitre la\ern for speculative purposes 1 he entries for \\\ edntsday s nutting of the Prahran Coburg and I ast Bourke Coursing Club close tins evening at Jacl son s Hoeel Prahran, and at the Pentridge Hotel Coburg Members of the Sherwood pari Coursing Association are reminded that all gre) hounds for its next meeting must be n imed by t o clock tomorrow afternoon at lemple court In addition to the btnni ition btal es and Anniverstry btiles there are two eicjit dog stakes for puppits and all ige» at 3 turneas each 1 lie diaw vvill talc rlace at the Mitre lavern on lues lu) e\emn" at8 0 clock and the meetin is on \\\ tdnesday 1 he lmal payment of 1 > so\ a in connexion with the forthcoming \ letona \\\ aterloo Cup is duo on Inda) neNt to Mr 1 Munda) and if not made the deposit of 10 sovs will be forfeited and the nomination become void Detailed catalogues, with tabulated pedí grcea, of Mr H, L Lords valuable imported and colonial bred gre) hounds can now be had on application to Mr J Munday at 10 Market buildings Hie sale of them is to take pluce on the Monday in the \\\ aterloo Cup week Hie luly coursing meeting at Moonee Valley has been bioudit forward a day. owing to the A\ llhamstown races being fixed for Saturday the ¿oth 1 he new dates arc tin rtforc 1 huisduy und 1 rida) the 2Jrd and 24th An imposing programme is arranged and as the mcetiii_ is the week following the Waterloo Cup some of the cracks that are unfortunate in the great event may be run in the principal stake which is for 10 alla.es at 10 sovs each lhere is also a 10 lor pu] pits nt 5 sovs. mid another lor all a.tB at 3 sovs with thtee eights foi puppiesat48ovs., 3 sovs , and 2 sovs. respective!) and another ei(,ht for all ages it 5 sovs Mr Co\ intends to deduct 10 per cent irom the stakes as at other meet inc,a so as to make ends meet in the way of (-penses his exceptional hbeiality hitherto having resulted in a loss at each meeting Io day the Melbourne Gun Club have a competition on the I Isternwick park race course for the Members Challenge Cup Mr \V bayer having challenged Mi A li Inglis the present holder of the trophy An) mem ber tan take part in the shooting the sweep stal t being 10 sovs nt 21 birds 30} ards rise Hie first bird will be trapped at half past 2 Hie annual general meetint, of the mern hers of the Melbourne dun Club is filed for 1 hursday next at half past 2 p m , at Scotts Hotel The business is the presentation of the balance sheet and another very impor tant matter that demands the attendance of every member An important wrestling match comes off at the Lyceum hall, Lonsdale street on \\\ e Ines day the contestants being Donald Minnie and \V Hudson chvmpion wrestler of New 7ealand Dmnie who scales 3¡>t more than Hudson allows the latter the choice of five difftrtnt styles of wrestling which he has to name before 8 o clot k on the evenin-ot the contest. As Hudson is a Cumberland man it may be assumed he will choose the style o£ his native county, in which he ia so pro ficient RACING VICTORIA AMA1LUR TURI? CLUB MEL UNG That a numerically respectable assemblage should patronise the Ciulheld course on Saturday afternoon inspiteoftliedm/lingram that had fallen during the morning Bpeaks volumes for tho popularity of the Victoria Amateur lurf Club meetings. It must not be overlooled however, that this was the day of all others in the yearn hen the fair se\ are cilled upon to evince special interest in the mtetint, and the lady nominators foi the princi. al event of the afternoon were accordingly present in the trand s and in t,oo Hy numbers His Lxcel lency the Governor and suite were also present Hie course was in "ool gom" order thanl s to the sandy nature of the soil and in this respect Caulfield is particularly well favoured a positively wet day berne, the only chance ot racing being stopped at any time Hie (ive events on the card were con veniently tuned by Air Bond so as to com menct at 1 o clock and conclude at the early hour of 4, whereby visitors »ere enabled to rtturn to town and the suburbs well btfore dusk set in Hie racing was con Bpituous not only tor the larc,e fields (ex cepting tor the Gold Cup) but lor tho e vcel leuce ot the finishts, which in two or three instances, it will be seen were very close At 1 oclocl half a score assembltd at the post tor the Hurdle Race for which Chatsworth was a blightly better favourite thin Hunts mnn who li id to put up 51b penalty for his liendi_o success makin, his weight Sib more Hie race proved another too I thint tor the son ot lune, Cole who went to the front the first time in the straight remained there, and won in a canter by thiee lengths from lattler who had been his ntten d mt foi tht Btcond half of the journey neither the favourite nor anything else ever haviiif, been danc,uous Somehow or othei the Victoria Gold Cup is not appreciate 1 else w o should see a more liberal entr) and a con sequent better display at the post I ast y t ir thtre weie only thrte starters mid on the present occasion a quartette staited with lilac) thorn thi iavouritent even money Hie Billunit ^tiding Dundee hovvevtr carne with a reputation and was staunchly sup ported at the nice price of 2 to 1 both by the btable and public and their confidence was reuardtd I) pretty much ot a ruuavvay vic tory inasmuch as Dundee made tile whole of the running at a (.enerally slow pace and at last had only Bl ickthorn to beat in a cinter Mr \\\ Glasse ck and Air f Glass c( ck i doting the pair \fter this thtre was a len-thene 1 interval tor the ladies Irophy A held i f i > was conl lently anticipate t by Mi Bond on the day prev tous but at the last thtre wire so many vvithdiawils that ii total of 27 oi ly wtidied out winch number was bubsequtntly re luted by one in tonstquence of \\\ oo linne bolting and ruuiiin. twice round the c Urse betöre he had joined Ins horbcJ with the result that he was led bael to the enclosure \\\ ith regard to the bcttnic, tile ancient 1 liantoin was so much fancied that I r a lune nothing else went down with bael era at 5 to 1 , 1 einlea with blunders up coming next nt ii to 1 whilst 10 to 1 and evtnme outside priceseoul 1 be lia! about anything else mclusiveot Ihe Glioat who it vv ill be rtmembere 1 rithtr unexpectedly won 1 ist v tir with bat lib up Mr llarnard havin" twarded him Bib more this time Hie people who "o in for coincidences ha 1 therefore not muth euc jura^cnient to follow Hie Ghost this ytar as it will be bornt in mind that a horse ot the very same name waa victorious two years n_o in the un paialltlel lit! 1 of 12 staittis Hovvevtr, to the lace Phantom the lavouritt oc cupied a good position from the fill ot tin. Hug and into the straight where lit was dont with and lnmua who bid been the leader nil tin way loo! id like the winner 1 trnlta btin" Ina atten lane, lins w as not to be thouth fi r an outsider sud dtnly appeired in the veteran Haiinibil who carne -tin ely at the pr >| er time an 1 joi i< d issue with the pan btfore numil Hie tunah was very e\citin" the old selhn" pi Uti onl) f,tttint, hunt b) a Ion}, held I whilst Primus and I trulea made ii dead lient for second place with 1 liantom a goo 1 tourth Hannibal was ik t I» any mtitns allowed to run loose it on-lit to be explained ior he was quietly backtd at long prices here and there added to whith his light vv eiclit and good con lition caused him to be mtntioned during the mornine, in town as tin hktly outsider ino dead heat for second plate occasioned a little complication at tne out&tt; but was speedily got rid of hythe toss up of a coin on the part of the owners ot 1 ornlea and Primus whercoy the former took the second bracelet, lho prizes were presented by the Governor in suitable terms, to the winners Hie btceplechase produced | the fane held ot 10 with Union favourite at 1 to 1 Lizette next at a point more Hu nice was deioitl of interest till the EtmiL.ht for home was entered, when the three pliced hordes furnished one of the finest steeplechase finishes ever witnessed Ilatty just nmnaRinp to squee/o Lizette past the post hull a head in iront of Old boul between w horn ind Native there was only a nee! ínterin! '1 he afternoon a racing carno to a close with the luehmond Handicap for which the Iirge field of 21 saddled up Ihe m i?cri]i" wits not ihle for the sudden advance ot Cotmtrv Hoy, from lu to 1 down to 2 to 1 the deter and rather easy »in of wnom provided a hit of a reverse for the nn" to wind up with lhe only circumstance to mnr the tifteriioons enjoyment was an awkward occident to Cap tain 1 hollins the naval commandant who retened a 1 lok on the head from a horse in the siddlmg paddoek luckily, the injuries of the gallant officer vveie not scnous lue aiiuiiKcmcnts of the afternoon went smoothly, ns is tenernlly the case at Cattlleld Mr Skinner, the club caterer as usti ii pioYide 1 a well served luncheon The following ure demis of the racing - 11-v.NWCM 11U11DL1 HAfr Of 100 sois, ad Iel to a sw eepstakc of 3 sois each One milo and three quarters Mr P M Gowans b g Huntsman by King Cole 0 yrs lOst 121b, ¡ni Kulin Dili pcnaltv (M Gowan) 1 Mi R Philips eli in Tattler, 0 yrs Wst. 71b (Hunt) 2 Mr J 1 D laurie s br¿ Guardfish 0 yrs, list 21b (Bcachamp) 3 Mr A. Harper8ch g Despatch, 0 yrs, lOst. 101b (Malone) 0 Mr L O v\ri¡,ht a brui Minerva, Cyrs.lOat. 101b (MI co I) 0 Mr li Chitna} s b g bqu.it}, aged, lOst, Sill (Cone) 0 Mr li Chlfncy s h g Chatsworth, G y ra, lOst lib (Kildulf) 0 Mr li TibballB a li g Castleton (Into M aterloo, lato Euphrates) aged Ost Uli» (Tibbalts) 0 Mr 1 Ralston a h c. 1 ride of Oaklands 6 I rs, Pat. (Bra thvnlte) 0 Mr A simsabrg\cnophon Oyrs 9st (Sims) 0 Bcttinc, - G to . agat Chatsvv orth J to 1 acat Hunts man r toi ac>t Tattler and 8 to 1 agst Minerva Lqulty was first away followed hy Prido of Oak lands Despatch Minerva Huntsman, and Xenopliou to the first hurdle Chatsworth being last Much tho kamo order waa ol served to the second obstado but at the turn into tho straight Uuntsiiian had tho lc~* Eqtlitv having dropecd bael to fourth position whilst Despatch all but carno dow n Huntsman led into tho straight etlccecded by ciuardfish Lquitv Xcnophon and Minerva Castleton bringing up tho roar, in which order tiley passed tho stmil Going up tho hill Huntsman and Ouanlilsh wcro the leadcts I ride of Ouklan Is \euopl on and I quit} follow lug ill their wake, w ith Castleton and Dcsj aton last Lntoring tho buck ttreteh Uuntsn an was a couple of leiicths in front of Guardfish and the pair rate 1 thus with little variation to the railwav Tattler waa next at an interval willi romaindcr now toillnc. off Going fast thu sod wall Tattler took second place to Huntsman v ho 11 her four lengths Uho race vas now over for Huntsman and Taller took close order coming to the home turn and the former ontorhic. tho straieht won In a canter by threo lengths Guarid li bciu" tv bal third beti ltd Tattler Minerva Inda of Oal lands Despatch 1 quitv and C1 ats vol th vt ero close up to the third in a eltiBter and \enophon and Castleton were last lime Jui 43s THE VIOTOnlY MOID CUP Yaluo 100 sovs (a handicap steeplechase) To ho ridden by members or lion members of tho V A 1 C , to bo approved of by tho stewards Two miles Mr M Laughlin s eli g Dundee by Manuka aged, lOst 71b tarried lOat 1Mb (Mr C Glasseocl ) 1 Mr YV b lowers br g Blackthorn a>cd, 12st. 121b (Mr YV Gloascock) 2 Mr It (Wa b g Chloftaln, aged, 12at 121b (Mr T Ylarson) 3 Mr H Darlots g g Banyenong aged, lost (Mr YV Cox) 0 Betting -Ev on on Blackthorn 2 to 1 atrst Dundee, 4 to 1 agst Chieftain & to 1 agst Banyenong Dundoo made plav at a alow pace attondetl by Blackthorn who (,avo wa) to Chieftain as they ncired tho first obstaolo which Dundee negotiated half a dozen lengths in front of tho latter Banvonong next and Blackthorn last. At the sod wall Bamcnong had c,one up to Dundee and coming down to tho turn Chieftain had joined tho pair Dundee however leading Into the Btiaic,ht, just clear of the pair named and Blael thorn ly Int. handy Charging the futzo jump in front of tho stand Dundee was a full length clear of the others, an 1 also hold his ovv n up the lull to the far turn whore, striding into tho back stretch tho pace waa Improved and the quartette took close order all negotiating the first obstacle abreast of each othei Tho sod wall for the second thuo also saw thu lot together but racing down to the bend for home Blackthorn and Dundco had drawn out from Chieftain and Banyenong Dundeo then drovv away from Blackthorn to tho laat jump and coming along at his le sure won in a canter hy throo ]cnt,ths whilst Chieftain finished doublo th it distance from LUck thorn with Bany cnonc. pulllnc, up Time tim Ja. TI» LADir8' TBOI HT The nominator of tho winning horso to receive a trophv valuo 100 sovs Tho nominator of tho second and third horses to recelvo trophies of tho value of TO and 25 sove respectively six furlong« Mrs J Uaimnlll ns bl li Hannibal, by Croagh Patrick aged 7st lib (Bencc) 1 Mrs T P O Brien ns br o 1 ernlea, 4 yrs, 7st Sib (Sanders) t Mrs J T CarslaVo ns oh g Primus 0 yrs 7st 31b (II Brown) t Miss 7 O Reid na oh g Tho Ghost, aged, 8st 81b (I YYilllams) 0 M Satuii ns bli Miatako, D yrs, 8st 21b (T "lb (Traban) Miss M II Read ns b o Jocular, S y rs, 7st. 121b (Hutchens) 0 Mrs Y\ 1 carson ns bl or br g Alblcore, 3 y rs "at 01b (Toole) 0 Mrs Miller n« b o Palllcroo 4 yrs, Tat 81b (Olds) 0 Ladv Clarko ns g g Phantom, at ed 7s t Sib (llobertaon) 0 Mrs J Vi ilson jim , ns b or br f Ev le 2 y rs, Tat 81b (Flannac.au) 0 Mra L YVooka ns br o Darrell, 8 yrs Tat 01b (By mea) 0 Mrs II Batty ns ch o Umberto, i yrs, Tat. 01b (O Brien) 0 Mra li Thurllng ns b f East Lynrto, 8 yrs, 7st 41b (Bruco) 0 Mrs A I Sullivan ns ch c Solo, 'I yrs, Tst 41b (A Blair) 0 Misa L. Jacobs na h h Muscat, C yrs 7st. 41b (Nicholson) 0 Mrs J Cohen na brg Hector (late Chanco) Oyrs, 7st 21b (Cope) 0 Mra M Power nach h Bonnie Scotland, 5 yrs 7st lib carried 7st 41b (YY illiamson) 0 Mrs It Hall ns b g Maroney, aged, 7st, carried 7st (lib (T Williams) 0 Mrs E E Jones nsb f Honeycomb, 2 yra, 7»t (Cox) 0 Mrs I YY hlttingham ns br f Honora 4 } rs,6st 131b (Grey) 0 Mrs 1 YVilllamB na b f Tlsauo, 3 yra Ost 121b (Johnson) 0 Mrs L L Smith ns b o Louis, 2 y rs, Ost. lill) (G Blair) 0 Mrs Halnca na b o Berkeley, 3 yra, Ost 81b (Q \\\ illiama) 0 Mrs T O Inglis na b f YYanda 8 yra Ost. 81b (Dalcv) 0 Misa Tcsslo Look ns b g Plympton, 2 yrs, (1st 41b , (Stratton!) 0 Woodblno was w olghcd out for, but bolted on the wa> to the post and did not start Bcttinc, -D to 1 agst Phantom 8 to 1 agat Ternlea 10 to 1 agst Lmborto and Primus loo to S agst Tho Ghost 20 to 1 aaat Albicorc Solo and Han nibil After YY oodbino had bolted and had run tw ice round tho courso. he returned to thocuclosuro never hav ¡ne. Joined his horses Primua was the first to ant ctpate a \ rctty even start Bonnie Scotland boult, next mo t prominent w 1th 1 allerroo Honora and Mistake foi rowing Strcamitit, last tho sod wall Honoia was Just m fro it of Berkclcs and 1 rlmus. In a fov etudes Hannibal hal foicel his way to tho leading dlvisio of which Honora hekl cominan I to tho homo ben 1 with 1 r mus Haimil al I hantom and I ernlea in cío e attendance Ra m 111 t, tho turn into the straLht I rlntus cltverh heade I for homo in front of Honora Hannibal I hantom 1 ernie i. and Evic At tho dis tinco tho oil groj was in trouble aid Honoia almost slmultaneouslv showed signa of distress Primus not to all nppcar inco had tho race in han 1 but Hannibal at the cn 1 of tho stand ansvv ercd tho call uiado on bim promptly and gtttinc. oven Iriinus ml I ernlea In ttu centre of tho courso trio ran home in corni am w hen II inuibal elovcilv by a good hi a I whilst the other t vo ma dead heat of it for second honours Phantom was foin th I vio fillh The Ghost sixth Honora Muscat next all in a cluster, and 1 lj ti pton and Louis last Time, lui »Is DUN STaLPIECHASE Of 125 eovs ad led to a sweepstakes of 3 sovs each 16 sovs to c.0 to the second, and 10 sovs to the third horse out of tho stake. Two miles. Mr S Martin a I lil Lizetto by Ulerogly ph, aged, Oil Soul, 5 yrs lOst. 21b (M I ood) Mr I. Maitina b g Nativo aged, lOst 111b (Bird) Mr \Y F Powers br g Blackthorn aged, Hat 121b (Mr YV Glasacock) Mr li Uowloa br g Union, aged, list 41b (Fer- guson) Mr G Qlasscoek s b g Kingston 0 yrs lOst 121b (Reedy ) Mr II Connolly ns br m Zona nged, lOst 121b (Gardiner) Mr G Glasscocks b g Fickle, aged, lOst 81b (Kin.) Mr 1 llllffos b in Joe s Indian Queen II Byra, lOst 4lb (Cree) Mr J Tolano a bl g Taxaraxaoum, aged, lOst 41b (Chaston) Mr 1 Hamilla be Sir Samuel, 0 yrs, lOst 31b (kilduf!) Mr S Miller s be Studley, 4 yra, Ost. 101b cor ried list. 121b (Mr Watson) Air A G M ebb a ch g Cheator, 0 j re Ost 101b (YYInters) Mi J Dillans b|_ Signal, o yrs, Ost. 101b, car ried Ost 1 >lb (Connelly) Mr A eaqul ich t Patchwork 4 y ra Ost 101b (YI Gowan) Mr G Rintsg t. Hobin 0 ars Ost 71b, carriol Ost 101b (Hil) I cttinj. -I to 1 a^st Union 5 to 1 agst Lizetto 8 to 1 ac,st Native and Sir **a nucl 10 to 1 ac,st Joi In 1 an Queen li Old Soul Studlev mi 1 Cliester studlov went oil with the lead succeeded hv Joes Ititi an tjilten II latchuork Sic.ua! and lizetto nevt \t the first Jump Signal was first over loved b, I taara« iciini Blaokthom Hckn> C1 cstei latchwoi) li ivini, baull ed whilst hingston fell Ct um i. do m to the turn Taxaraxacum was the leader w til 11» ttc Native Blackthorn /ona SiL.ua] anti S r Samuel ii ulosa attendance Native le 1 1 to thu stra chtan 1 up to the first of Hie treble In froi t of the slai I folio ved by I izilte Taxaraxa cuni Backt! on bir Sa nucl I c1 le an I Robin studley an 1 ¿ona I eli g stcrntbasers Ascending the lull I ob n c1 SL I oi Nativ c tho position In other re st cetssho vin" no aj j rec labio dilf renee lurnln" ii to the back stretch hi icier the colours of Sir Samuol were taken ii to the vuu next to him being Native Blackthorn Rohm stu II v LI ettc Old So ii I Ickle and Taxaraxaoum Racing up to the so I wall Sir Samuel hail fallen I aek an 1 the liad was no v hold by Native Lizette an I studlev ly in. next then Old Soul Union and Taxaraxa uni vv til C1 ester and /ona clean out of It lizette cominc. dovvi to tho lend waa just In front of Nativo and Old Soul mid the threo named came into the ftr tight at a dlBtinct interval from ti o main bo Iv The issue was now left to Lizette Native and Old Soul who charged the last Jun p almost in a line after which a magnificent run lion c ensued llattv finally lauding Lizette the winner hv half a heal onlv whilst Old Soul beat Native bj a nee! for second place Union was fourth hall a dozen lengths off tho placed horses and tas followed bj Studley Taxaraxaoum and Sir Samuel /ona and Chester being last Time 4m Eos Mr CUT Harts gc Country Boy, by Country man-Beeswing 4 yrs, 7st 41b (Hutchens) SirW J Ciarlos pe* Phantom, aged Tat I2Jb ^ (liol crtson) ..,_.., Mr M Jacobssb h Muscat 5. ra 7at -iib (Nichol Mr°.' PhilipsbrhUitMibbloi 5vrs fist (Huht) 0 Mr J G Reids chm Graco Darling, 5 _"» í*t l°lb (Cook on) __,"_, ° Mr J G Reid a clip The Ghost ajc I Sst Sib (J William«) _ "~ ° Mr b G Looks b li Angtcsej, 5 J ra S_t 51b (Trahin) ° Mr Ü M Robertson abc Cincinnatus 3 yrs Sat lib (Harton) " 0 Mr V rer" uwins ho Montrose, _- j ra Sst lib (MGa.anl . "., ° Mr S M llera be Pailleroo 4}ra 7st Stb (Olds) 0 Mr I Kell} ache. Warf cid 5jrb, 7st71b (Marr) 0 Mr T Iones a br o Bob-ulan 3 jrs 7bt 41b llîhir) ° Mr H Tibballs b h Vedette 5 j ra "t>t 41b (Walker) 0 Mr J A Langa bf Agatha 4 yrs 7at 21b (Flan notan) 0 Mr J lidia chfMajdcw 4}ra "st lib (G Wil hams. 0 Mr 11 Graj a ure Urara 2 j ra Cst 121b (Barker) O Mr P T Heywoods cb càereua - jTa (ist Üb, carried -«t 5lh (T Williams) 0 Don W Icaraouabro Oaaburner 2 j ra, Cat 91b (Toole). O Mr A helmans be Tho Gift J j ra Cgt 01b (D \\\ dliauia) 0 Mr W K louera brm .Novelette u jrs Oat 01b (G Brown) .. 0 Mr J Hamilla bo Plato 1 vr» flat (O Johnson) 0 netting -_. to I (at fir¡»t IO to 1) a^bt Countrj Boy, 6 to 1 nt=t Bohemian lo to 1 a"st 1 hantom 12 to 1 m,st Tho Ghost, Anj.ks_j, and Agatha L to laçât Gaaburncr Plato was first off followed !.. Pailleroo and Bohemian Moutioao gettin" badlv awa} Opj osito the stand 1 lato was in front of 1 hantom Fullereo Bohemian, Clnclnnitua an 1 Muscat buceceling and Montrose was st 11 the rearmo t <>omli " to the rid wa} lUto waa atten le 1 1} Muscat lAillcroo Ho hcmiaii and I hantom thclatterinthocentro laillcroo and Muscat race 1 do n to the bend au I tho former was the first to enter the utra gilt with Bohemian Phantom and Countr> Bo) ( vhohad cone ver} fast) li intr bandi Outside tho dlstanco Country Boy waa brought out with a c.t*..*t i. Inantom also here makiiiL Ina effort an 1 Bo! emian und Muscat no\t A capital race homo resulto I at tho cn 1 of which Country Boj won I i three quartern of a length from Phantom who ran a head ni front of Miibcat a similar interval separat n_, the latter and Bohemian The Gho.t waa fifth \\) le ey sixth Pailleroo, Agatha and Plato ne\t and Montroao last Time, 1m 49. I HUN UN G ' The Melbourne Hounds will meet to morrow nt Hil Williamstown racecourae, nt 12 noon, to hunt nu outl>ing sta^ ' COUlfclNG '(By Iellghaph Tiïom Our Coihiespondevt) MU1.CIIISON, Saturday U he driw for the Goulburn Valley ¡stnlcea took place it Vale s lermimia Hotel. Darga- long, this evening, resulting as follows - Ginger Ale agst Artful Joe Bullo Brandon agst Darkie Pella ac,st Stranaer, Koaio ac.se Curlew Hy af,at Hap) i Gip.) a"at Leo Jet agat Maud Minnie a^st Spinaway Briseis anat Governor Mia Mia agat Mllamey Hilltop af._t Countess, \cnus agst liée x Black An0cl a_,st Pride of Moil a, 1001BALL CARLTON V MELBOURNE Tlio second meeting of tho Melbournu and Carlton cluba took place on Saturna) on the Melbourne Cnckct-fcround in tho pre ance of about 7 000 people In tho last match Carlton beat Melbourne by 0 goals toi There were several absentees horn Mel bourne, namely Morrison, Barri, Spooner Kell) and Bailey Baker won tlio toa., and decided to kick Into the western goal, b} which he gained the ad\an tas;e of a small brce/c Collie started the c,amo at 20 minutes past 3, bia kick being marie ed by M Iiiemoy who posaed the ball to Baker but it waa brought back hi Carrollnnd Qiillltha andTaylorseoredthefirat behind for Melbourne Willis marked the 11 1 otf mid added auothcr 1 ho ball waa then taken round the south wini, hi the Carlton foi lou era and six bel und a wcro scored in aa man> minutes Mair marke 1 in front well on two occasions but each chance waa lost by lila kicking bat! h After soma out of 1 ounda pi a j Carroll cavo a mark to \\\ ilha who 1 Iel ed in front where Doran tot the ball and after parsing two Carlton mon kicked llutc,oai for Melbourne Each Bide scoied two behinda ml then the j lay waa for 80U10 time in the centri of tho (.round, where Druu, 1-ranks Baird and Cook fleure 1 prominently Mel ville and Cook tool tho ball fui ward and the former kicked for goal through which the ball waa rolling when Baker plcl ed it up and scored fir t _,oal for Carlton On the kick off Ctr roll and Grifllth. bent tho ball forward, and the latter ¿.avo a mark to Baird, who In trihi-, for goal hit tim post Tho naif timo bell then ran" tho score bemt Cal It n 1 goal 111 ehinda Melbourne l"oal bollinda Durlnn the (hat half Rosa was 1 iel-ed m tho leg as was al«o Tuckfield in the öecond half mid although they did not leai o the Held their aerucca were of little value and Melbourne waa thua heavily hanlicapped The play waa cxcitii g and interesting throughout tno lattorpart of the gamu Carlton scored nnothergonl, vihioh waa kiel ed hi Breen Thu (.anio ended lu a win for Carlton who 1 ioked 2 goa!. 14 behinda to their opponents 1 goal and b behmda The best representatives for the wiuiiers wcio OBorn \\\ nolan, Balcor, Knowles Mair, Drew, and Alt! cn whilu Doran Carroll Grlfl ths Alt! on Robinson, Tohnston, and Ldv\arda plavcl well for Melbourne Mr W EL Hoy waa a hatiBfactory Hold umpire 1ITZROY V BALLARAT IMPERIAL Debito tho unfavourable state of the weather and so.end counter attractions to lovers of football in other parts of the city and suburbs a considerable number of spectators asscmblcdat tho ritxroy lround on Saturday afternoon to witness tho contest hetwe n strong rcpiesentattve Unma of the local club and tho Ballarat Imperial Nor did they leaio tho ground unrewarded the m fit'Vi being well contested and In torostii t throughout Uav opened fast and furious and it was evident from the first that the two tluba vvero pretty evenly matched though tho local mon seemed to "ain an nd\auta e over tho visitors as the afternoon woro on and It became apparent that fitzroy had two or three first* class men w nose countcrparta on the Imperial side hardly came up to their standard There wrs nob much scoring In the first half for when the bell rang the record stood at 1 goal (kicked bv Nathan) and 0 behinda for Ht/rov and 6 behinda for Ballarat Imperial The latter dil not manage to improve, their position dun if, the second half 1 it/ro> mado many futile ottomj ia to secure another c,oal, hut sometimes they who successfully i pulsed b_, tho visitors while in other efforts their ¿eal waa only re warded with bchinds 1 he Ballarat Imperial added 4 bollinda to their pre\ tous score to their onponcnta 10, ao that the taino ended in a win for Fiwrov withi goal 10 behinda as against i bchin is for the Ballarat Imperial Mr J Rickards oliiciatcd aa central umpire, and his decisions ¡,a\e general satlafao tiou rSSENDON V UMVEUSIT\ Tina match which was plajed on tho East Mel bourne Cricket ground on Sa tu rd a. excited little in tureat Cussen ea. tain cf the tniveraity, won tho tosa from low eil, and chose to defend tho northern _,oal In the firat h Uf C=scn Ion scored 1 ^oat which was kicked by Judien out of a acrhnmago and 8 bollinda while the UnnerMty could only acoro a s nicle behind M *d ano waa noticcablo for his having three cas\ chancea to score and failing in each I condon just doubled their score, the second C ii bein,, kicked li Moa 1er in ti c same manner as tho first, Tliey aUo 1 iel ed w hat waa considered hy a large majorit> of ti e spectators to be a _,oal but tho umpire disallowed it The final result of the carno vi as-1* ssendou - ^oals and 17 bollinda UnivorsTtj 4 behinda Tho Route Lawlor Nicolson, Fleming Sebiro ai d Mol no j 113 ed best for th j La_en ion and th Cubains Horne Minw Ihonij son Gleeson, Di bli ant Siineworlcd har 1 to 11 crt defeat Air h I how lia made au impartial umpire RICHMOND V. SOUTII MELBOURNE. Notwithstanding the inclement weather and the sloppy state of the South Melbourne Crlcket- ground the Richmond and South Melbourne clubs met there on Saturday. The persons present num- bered about 3,000. The South Melbourne men were enabled to administcr to tho Richmond a severe defeat. They scored 8 goals-through the Instrumentality of Minchin, Hanneysee, M'Donald Burns, and Harper- and 14 behinds while their adversaries' score only amounted to 4 behinds. Mr H. Wilson acted as central umpire. HOTHAM \ W 1LÏ IAMSTOW \T The match arranged between tho Hotham and Williamstown clubs to bojlaied on tho Hotham recreation reseñe on Saturday fell through on account of the muddy atato of tho 01 al Tho club will be ui ablo to play on the feiouri 1 the greater part of tho neason unless the wholo of the reserve la raised and drained GLELONG V CHIIWFLL f»3) The match between theso two cluba took placo on tho Corio Cricket-1,round on Saturdi} afternoon and although oui} moderately atte 1 led prove 1 a remark ahl> close and woll contested c.«»1«- Tho Geelong team were wealcuei by tho absence of A Reid, Cahill and Collin. D irlne, tlio first hour tho Chu well team with * 0 a«* uti of the wind com- pletely uastcred the r opionenta who did not plav 80 well aa usud At half time the game stood-Chilwell J e.oal9 S I chinda Geelong, 4 bullinda The second I alf was o¡ ci e 1 iv Kearney on behalf of Ocelot}, soon t fter ti e Geelong Club completely turned the UblcB o iv allowing their opponents to acoro au additional behind The final roaults were- Geelong G j,oal_ lube! inda Chilwell 3 goals 6 bollinda Talbot M I can and Uerlo} played brilliantly for Geelong and to it} and Mooro for Chilwell The goal kiokerg were for tho winners, M I can (2) Galbraith I umell and Bannister 1 each whilst Mooro kicked the three goala Tor the Chilwell club Tho Melbourne an ï tarlton second twenties metfor the lirat time t-. b uou at the Oval on Saturday The carno which una rather rough resulted In a win for tlio Melbounio team iho throughout had the best of it scoring 1 Loal (Marshall) and 7 bchinds against 4 bolinda ootatned hi their opponents The moat conspicuous plaiera foi tho wini era were Denis, Galton Hu! bar I I}nar lu rrj, an and ltcade TI following other 11 itches were 1 lav ed on Satur day -Htzrcy s aontl (2c,oaIs of which 1 waa día luted 7 bollinda) v huicton (2 (,o lb 5 bohlnds), Hawksburn (J toals 8 I un U) \ \lbcrt 1 ark (2 be hillls) St Midi (2 j,oah 14 behinda) v Moonoo Pon la (*> ^oals 1 t chm 1) 1 eildon second (4 goals 12 bchnids)v Brighton (1 1 ehind) St hilda Koval (I goal J behitidsjv St Truies \nviers College (0 behlnds) .omi*, Au_tialuus (1 goal 14 bohtnds) v Lvaiifidalo (nil) \\\cst I ni eetoul (0 bohlndfi) v U111s111t.ro (4 belinda) Stir of Carlton (2 (,oals 11 behind«) v I it/it»} lui]erml(l lehlnd) south St. hilda second (7 uoala lí> behind») v Colling,wood Crescent (1 behind) Mr A Morris B A , nf Ccelong College who was umpire at the Geelong College goal In the match on Friday between teams fr mi tint lutitution and tho Melbourne Scotch Colloge writes to bai that the re suit »waa aa followH vcotch College _,oala 1 bo hind , Ueoloug Coltc(.e 1 ^oal 11 behinda LAWN JLJ,NMS ^OIllad \ 1 ssoiidon -This matoh was plajed on Satur la} last and resulted In a vi ia for Itoruads b¿ ^3 caines to Ö Messrs Ldmundson and Lcmprlcrc for ^0IIlads boat Messrs. Tajlor and fal uter bv 10 iranien to *> mid were beaten 1} Mes ra C ar d J bhuter bv 10 to G Mears Kitson and Brett, for Nomad« were boatou b} Messrs 0 and J Bhuter by 10 to 7 and beat Mcssis Taj lor and Shutcr, 10 to4 LAcnossn The match Fitzro} v Univcrsit}, plaved on ^atur daj lost on the 1 Itzroy ground resulted in a win for the local club, who scored 4 goals (Strickland. 8. Trickett 1) to nil ' ' Plies and Duos beetles insects roaohes, ants. bed bugs rats mico çopticrs c1 lpmunUs cleared out by * Rourb on Rats Ali chemists - fAmi} 