UROHOES OF M JELBOURNE (By Tnm GHosT.) The calm, which is proverbially said to succoed a storm, now reigns in the Assembly. The stormy period of last Thursday appears to have cleared the atmosphere of the lower chamber, and fair progress has been made during the present week with the business of the country. Excepting a few unimportant items, the estimates of the year have been passed, and the treasurer can now introducetheannual appropriation bill whenever he pleases. A Loan Iill for theamount of eight millions has been passed with less discussion than has taken place upon an increase or diminution of a hundred pounds in the salary of some civil servant, and as soon as Mr. Service decides which of the measures that now encumber the notice paper are to figure in the list of slaughtered innocents, and which of the bills for rendering, by act of Parlia ment, the colony of Victoria the most sober, chaste, virtuous, and least hard worked community under the sun are to be proceeded with, the Legislative Chambers can assume their brown holland attire and cease to re-echo the sweet voices of Messrs. Mirams Gaunson, W. C. Smith, and the patriotic ,band who delight to obstruct the course of business, and bring representative institu tions into disrespect. The ninth of the present month was tih date loriginally fixed for the prorogation of Parliament, but the Government have by the force of circumstances been compelled to extend the length of the session, and the 17th is now generally believed to be the date on which His Excellency "will release honourable members from their arudous duties. There are doubtless a number of the people's representatives to whom the approaching dissolution portends political extinction ; gentlemen who by the fiat of the electors will be relegated to the obscurity they are so well fitted to adorn, and who will have to bid "farewell, a long farewell, to all their greatness; " these are no doubt loath to witness the termination of the session. But to the Ministry, the real working members, the Press, and the general public, the closing of the Legis lative Chambers will come as a boon, all alike being driven to the inevitable conclusion that the Assembly is utterly de moralised, and that the House has, under the coalition regime, outlivedits usefulness. There is evidently a strong spice of truth in the old copy-book adage to the effectthat "evil communications corrupt good manners." Messrs. Wallace and M'Culloch have apparently taken a leaf out of the books of Messrs. Gaunson, Bent, and Co., and on Thursday actually' threatened, on the occasion of the discussion in Committee of the Factories and Work shops Bill, to " do a;.little stonewalling" unless the ®Minister in charge of the measure consented topostpone its consider ation. The dire threat had its due effects, for Mr. Sargood at once acceded to the wish of the honourablo obstructionits. But at a later period of the evening he had his revenge, for he proposed and carried a motion that during the remainder of the session the Upper House should on two days ofsthe week meet at two o'clock, instead of at half-past four as at present. Even with these lengthened hours the Council will be compelled to pass a number of Bill sent up from the Assembly almost without dis cussion, if the prorogation is to take place onthe 17th, and there are signs that the Upper House intends not to be " rushed " with business at the last moment, as is invariably the case at the termination of every session. It would not, therefore, create much surprise, if their "Lordships " were to prolong their sittings until Christmas eve. The Council are evidently not disposed to accede to the Shakesperian maxim that "if 't were done, 't were well done, 't were done quickly." Opinion appears to be divided in regard to the propriety of placing the Attorney General on the Supreme Court Bench. It is argued that to make a judge out of a briefless barrister, whose "bar" practice was in the earlier days of his colonial career acquired while pursuing his avoca tion as traveller for a Beechworth brewery, is hardly calculated to raise the position of the judiciary in the minds of the Victorian public. Exception is also taken to adopt ing the system of banding the oficial spoils to the victor, as is the fashion among our American cousins. In regard to the first of these objections to the assumption of the ermine by Mr. Kerferd, it is urged by the friends of the honourable gentleman that Cromwell, who "asl:Dictator was only a little short of King of England, was a brewer; and as for the second, the present Chief Justice Sir William Stawell, walked from the Attorney-General's office on to the highest position on the Bench. It would be a matter for deep regret were Mr. Service to sully his record by the per petration of a flagrant political job. There is at the present time no need of a sixth judge. There are no arrears of work in the Supreme Court to be made up, and the present judges will be able after the long vacation to start with a clean sheet. The matter has now progressed so far that it rests with the Council. By rejectina the bill for appointing a sixth judge, the Upper House will assuredly extricate both the Government and Mr. Kerferd from the false position into which they have allowed themselves to be led. " Once more have the proceedings against Mr. Symo for his Sunday "establishment" in the Hall of Science proved abortive, owing to the jury failing to agree. If the government are in earnest in their eudeavour to put a stop to all proceedings which are a disgrace to the colony, they shduld at once pass an act to meet the case of Mr. Syme and gentlemen of his kidney, who are now able to set the law and decency at defiance. The fact is that jurymen are unable to bring themselves to find ma man guilty of keopinv: a "disorderly" house when witness after witness examined for the prosecution admits that the proceed ings were conducted in an orderly way on each occasion of their attendance. The attempt to enforce an absolutelaw hasproved a signal failure, and any further proceedings taken under a statute framed "in the good old days, when George theThird was king" will, after the result of thie two prosecuco tions that hIave broken down be looked sapon as persecution. It will be a pity if Mr. Symes is allowed to achieve the honour of martyrdom. " Baby farming," as an institution,is not now in the mothler country, but hitherto it has not flourished as a business in Victoria. Recent revelations show, however, that it requires but scant encouragement to acclimatiso it as one of the native indus tries of the colony. As, in all probability steps will be taken by the authorities to nip the pernicious practice in the bud, it would be unfair to anticipate the course of justice by further commenting upon the circumstances which a recent coronial en enquiry has brotght to light. The mauraise langues among the "upper ten" of Melbourne society, have of late been wagging over the esclandre caused by the disappearance from the Collins street "block" of one of its best known habitues. It is said that the husband of a lady who some three years ago was left a sub-widow not "a hundred miles from Toorak," has, after disposing of a station presented to him some time ago by his bride, and realising a handsome profit by the sale, refunded to this too confiding spouse the original pur. chase money, and with the balance sought fresh fields and pastures new, and consoled himself for the loss of his some what elderly wife by taking with him the young and handsome daughter of a late medical practitioner in Melbourne, who in addition to her personal charms possdeses a fortune of £10,000 at her own absoluto disposal. The history of the affair is likely ere long to engage the attention of the divorce court. Dec. 5. 