THE-MERCURY. MONDAY MORNING, SEPT.'SI, 18S5. -'-1-e>i-! THE present week will, undoubtedly, bo one of the most important of the soisioD, if not of the present Parliament. Questions have been raised which nearly affect our representative institutions, and the constitutional practice of this Colony, ' besides which an endeavour is to bo made to obtain further protection against those .corrupt practices which are declarad to have prevailed in times post, and which ,wo are asked to believe will prevail again unless very largo electorate« aro made, tand the most stringent laws enaoted. It lia impossible not to deduce from the statements made at public meetings, and by those who are supposed to have the interests of the working classes most at heart, that these classes are looked upon with the greatest suspicion by their own representative mon, ,Thoy are described as readily servile to all sorts of impropor influences, and it is taken as a matter of course that a bribo has only to bo offered to be accepted, and accepted in so many instances as to turn an eleotion. Wo do not in the least believe the statements made, in their broad and general aonso, any moro than we do tho cock and bull stories about men being allowed to leave work who will vote for a particular candi- date. Seeing that we have the ballot, it does not soom probable that employers would bo quite so foolishas they aro said to be, and if they «vere, they would not gain their end. However, tliero can be objec- tion to legislation against corruption, if it is required, or even if it is not required, but true safety can only be found in the general intelligence and honeBty of til a electors. And, this applies to other things besides corruption. It applies tj the careful and-wise peiformance of ,tho duties which will devolve upon the work- ing classes when they are placed on the" electoral rolls moro genera'ly than they have been hitherto in this Colony, and we can only Bay thai we expect that they' will prove to be7mueh more 'patriotic, much more alivo to, and much more ready to do their duty than their very particular friends have declared them to" be. Nothing can be moro monstrous, at least to our mind, than the assertion thai working mon will not sacrifice a portion bf their dinnertime to give their votes. We tako it that it is a libel on the work- ing men of Hobart and launceston to say that they would sooner not vote at all than take a little trouble to go to tho polling-place, for if this bo tho ease, then" wo may well doubt whether they roal'y I are deserving of having a voto at all. Wo inclino to'the opinion that the law as it stands ia quito sufficient to'' provont c ir- rupt prácticos, especially, when there are to be 10,000 new voters,1 but, as we have said, if there ia a demand for further legislation, we have not the slightest objection. Bul, in all these electoral matters it is very desirable that there should be a careful consideration of the points at issue, and that a present real or apparent gain should not be allowed (o lead to acts which may give rise to serious future evils. The proposalof tho ATTORNEY GENERAL, that we shall make a precedent, is just one of those catch phrases which are used when real argument fail». Curiously enough, or rather, perhaps, not curiously, but naturally enough, thia is precisely the phrase used by Mr. Attorney-Goneral EIGINBOTHAM when he sought to upset the constitutional practice of Victoria. What happened to bira is now a matter of history, and thoro was never, perhaps, so complete a breakdown of a case on its merits as tho ono which ho I and others set up. Now, we do not say that we are to bo bound absolutely by precedents. The mere fact that someone else has done Tvhat we propose to do by no means proves that it is desirable for usi also to do it, but wa ought at least to be warned by the experienco of the past. In this instance, however, it is not a question of making a precedent, but whothor we can make one, Somo of the very persona who now propose to do this, are those who sought to break through the OBtablished practice of Parliament by bringing in the same Bill twice in the I í '. i i \ same Scssjon, unmindful of thp ovüs such a proceeding might entail, - \ \ \- At the present timo wo are fnco to face with a practical question. Wo_liaye to consider whothor we can do what we pro- pose, in .other words, whothor the game is worth the caudlo. Wo say that it ii not for many reasons. Apart from the constitutional practico, which Ministors frankly admit is sgvinst thom, wo have to consider what aro tho chancos of success if the course proposed is followed out. In the first place, it is possible that tho GOVERNOR may not feel that ho is justi- fied in giving his assent to a Bill which assumes that tho Royal assent is a mattor of course. Wo aro not vory confident on this point, as it is the practice of Go- vernors novor to tako responsibility if thoy can keep out of it, but thora aro, cortainly, doubtB whether tho GOVERNOR would feel bound to accept the advice of his MinistorsinthiBinstanco. Tho principlelaid down in Viotoria, and actod upon by Sir CHARLES DARLING, that a Governor is bound to accept the advico of his law officers, whatever it might be, has boon Bet asida by the Imperial authorities, as, indeed, it was boforo by common sense. It is, therefore, quite possible that tho GOVERNOR may notgivo tho Royal nasont, and then a whole session will bo lost. But if he should not take that course, then it is quite possible that proceedings may be begun in tho Supreme Court to inquire by what authority the now rolls aro being made, and there is a very streng legal opinion that tho result will be that the Court will declare that there is no autho- rity for so doing. iThus, then, ' even 'on the most sanguine view of the position) there are vory grave doubts as to I tho results of the''course 'proposed to be taken, and the Legislature will do well to ask itself whether it is wise to run so many riskB. Besides, all this, there is, of course, the doubt as to whether tho Council will feel justified in assenting to a departure from' sound constitutional practice,! solely on the ground that it happens "to suit the con- venience of the Ministry. " ' , On the other hand, wo must say, i despite tho objections of the AITORNKV , GÊNERAI, that wo do not seo that it is quite impossible to have the now rolls in force I in time for a general election. .The j voters under the new franchise -n ill have i their nnmeson tho, rolls by April next, i before which timo the Constitution Aot ' Amendment Bilbjaay bo returned, and it does not appear/f» bo impossible to ranko provision for the transfer of those namos to the new district. We quite under- stand that the work will bo one of soaie trouble and difficulty, that it may be ne- cessary to departfrom the ordinary method of proceeding, but then, the troublo in this direction is not likely to bo nearly so great as the possible trouble and delay in the other. The difficulty of transferring names from one Bet of rolls to another I cannot be so very great after al], if only a provision is mado to accelerate tho niak ' ing up of the rolls, and, if necessary, to dispense with some of tho machinery for the timo being. On one side all is doubt. However confident the legal Members of the Ministry may be they cannot deny hthat thero are strong opinions against | them, and they do not attempt to conceal the fact that they propose to mako what may be a dangerous innovation, On the other side, all that liave to be ovoroomo are certain toohnical difficulties, which in- volve no principle, and which are rendered comparatively small by the fact that the new rolls are to bo made up almost at once in any case, and will actually be ready for a general election before one can possibly take place. ; - -, -- Now that the Marine Board is about to build new offices, not, certainly, before they were much required, an opportunity is given to the Government to do a very useful and necessary piece of work. With that im- provement another should be made on the ground adjoining, on which there are now some very shabby buildings. It seems to us that the proper use to make of such a site as that next to the Marine Board's new offices, is to build a new Customs House upon, so that the business of the Colony may be done in a ready and respectable manner. The pre- sent Customs House is out of the way, and has many inconveniences, and, gene- rally, not at all the sort of building in which to do the business of so important a Government department. On this point, we presume, there are not two opinions. Wo do not suppose that any ono'will bo found to say a woid in defence of the exist- ing anaugement, which is only submitted to because nothing botter can be obtained. Wo haye heaid frequent complaints from por-., sons it ho have business to do about the want of Accommodation, and there aro plenty of reasons why a chango should bo mado as soon as there is a favourablo oppoitunity for making one. The sito which will bo vacant is, peihaps, about the very best' that could bo found. We do not know of a better situation for tho proposed building than the one that will be available, and it would be folly not to make uso of it. Indeed, apart from all other considerations, the removal of the present Wai ino Boaid buildings will, in itself, bo a great gain to the appearance of thoappioaoh to tho city by' water,' 'but if in their placo a handsome structure is raised/ both utility and appcaiances will bo Berved. In fact, the more wo consider the subject, tho moro vt o ai o convinced that the sugges- tion that v. o ha've mado is what should bo carried out, and we think that it only re-[ quires to bo mentioned to at, once > bo ac- cepted._Aliare agreed ..that-better accom- modation is required;Ifor the transaction of the business in connection with j the Customs. 'On this point,'as far as we can learn, there is absolutely not' iho least' difforonco_of-opinion,-and there-cannot bo two opinions as to the out of the .woy posi iion in which the present offices aro situate. Ulereare, therefore, a number of reasons why tho Government should make arrange- ments to occupy tho site to be vacated with a handsome Customs IIouso, and to remove ono of the defects noticeable in our public business, and add greatly to the im- provement of tho frontage of tho harbour. Wo do not know but that it might bo well for some Member of the Assembly to ask a question in rctcrcnco to this matter, BO that tho intentions of the Government may be ascertained, and the suggestion receive a little discussion in tho House. CABLE NEWS.-Mr. Gladstone has, on the eve of the coming elections in Great Britain, issued a manifesto to tho Liberal party, of which ho declares himself the working chief. The V. and 0. Co. have, with tho sanction of the Postmaster-General, mado arrange- ments by which the annoyances and incon- veniences of Egyptian quarantine will bo avoided by .passengers both on the home- ward and outward trip. The rumoured , resignation of tho Victorian Agent-General ÍB positively denied. France favours tho proposed conference to determine how unan nexed territory shall in future be occcupied, but Spain demurs unless her present olaims on' the Caroline Islands aro recognised, , i EoLirsE.-A partial eclipse of tho moon will bevisiblo in < Tasmania on Thursday, [Ovcniug.' At'ïïobart the moon will rise at ö.-57/abput twenty minutes aftov the middle of the eclipse. The last contact with tho shadow takes place at 7*11, and the last con I tact with tho penumbra at 8'24 p.m. ' PARLIAMENT.-Both Houses of tho Logis-, faturo will meot to-morrow afternoon .at '4 o'clock. In tho Legislative Council tho/ second reading of tho Education Bill .will probably last the whole of the sitting, though tho Constitution Amendment Bill will also bo received from tho Assembly, and will bo pasBod through its earliest stages. In the Assembly the afternoon sitting will bo ocou pied with tho further consideration of tho Electoral Act'AmendmentBillin committee, and in the ovening the debate on the nmend ments; of which Mr. Braddon has given notice, to give greater safeguards against corrupt practices at elections, will bo taken, also, in committee. The proposed amend- ments npviear in another column, having boon crowded out of Saturday's issue. Tun NEW MKMIIER KOR BRIOIITON.-By a typographical error our paragraph in ro foronce to tho eutrauco of Mr. Lord into the Assombly was mado to read in a very con- tradictory way. Instead of, " Ho even- tually found a seat on the bench immediately behind the leader of the Opposition, by whom ho was not cordially wolcoincd " ; it should havo been " most cordially wel- comed." WISE AFTER THE'EVENT.-Wo are not very nico as to the remarks mado about us, nor aB to tho discoveries which our contem- poraries claim aB their duo, often weeks after they havo appeared in our columns. But, tho Tdtgtaph trios our patience just a little too much, when it declares that tho difficulty as to tho method of proceeding with tho Electoral Bills was pointed out first in its columns, and insinuates that it waB copied by ua. Most papers acquainted with tho progress of events know, that tho objection to tho method of proceeding was taken by us, not within tho last few days, but before tho bills wore brought in, and as soon as tho method of proceeding was an- nounced, and has been ro-statcd at least half-a-dozen timea. Perhaps our contem- porary'will correct its-mis-statement on Saturday I THE P. AND O. MAIL SERVICE.-The Chief Secretary has received a copy of a despatch,' i ocontly sont by-Colonel Staiiloy, Sccrctaiy of State for tho Colonies, to Lord Augustus Loftus, Governor of Now South Walos, and dated the 4th August, in which tho assurance was given that Her Mftjoaty'8 Government would immediately givo notico to tho Peninsular and Oriental Steam Ship- ping Co. to discontinuo the present sorvico at tho conclusion of their contract, and that ' tho Government waa preparing to call for tenders for the services to India and China, tho samo to bo sent-in by'tho 31st March, Í188C. Colonel Stanloy continues :-" I would remind you that on tho last occasion it was mado a subject of complaint that tho , P. and 0. Co. having already obtained tho Imperial contract wei o enabled to placé tho colonies at' a disadvantage in negotiating | their contracts, and I give you this early in 'formation of tho proceedings of Her Majesty's Government in order to obviate1 j any similar causo of complaint on this oc- casion, and I would point out that it may bo of advantago to the colonies to arrange with tho tenderers for thoir proposals to bo sent ¡ in not later than the date' fixod by tho' Home , Government for sending in the tenders for tho India and 'China services." THE INDIAN AND' COLONIAL EXHIBITION. -A communication has been received by the Govcmmont, in common with the Go- vernments of tho other colonies, stating that tho Council of tho Royal Horticultural Society of England would give overy assist-1 anco ' in their power to colonies desirous of exhibiting economic or other plants, trees, ferns, etc., at the Indian and Colonial Exhi- bition, and would, if desired, receive speci- mens on their ai rival in England, with a view to housing thom in their gardens at Chiswick or elsewhere, and preparing them for exhibition, it being undci stood that alb expenses would bo defrayed by tho respec- tive colonial Governments. Plants, say tho , council, should bo despatched from tho colo nioa ns early as possible, in order to allow I time for their i coo very from the effects of tho voyage. Tho council havo already ro 'coived several applications of this nature from tho Austialasian mid other colonies. I It is also requested that, in addition to tho exhibition of economic plants, illustrations , of tho scenery of somo of tho colonies may .bo arranged for. _ MINISTERIAL VISIT TO BRUNY. -Tho morn-, hers of the Ministry wore invited by the 'Marine Boaid last week to pay a visit to 'Bruny Island to inspect the lighthouse thoro, .but, owing to piessuro of business, only tho jPremior and the Minister of Lands wore .able to avail themselves of the opportunity. IThe visit was paid on Saturday, the party 'consisting of Messis. Douglas and N. J. Blown, Sir. A. G. Wobster (Master, War- den), Mr. P. Facy, Captain Baily, and Mr. Henry Smith (secretary). The steamer Huon had been chartered, and the head of Great Taylor's Bay, South Binny, where the party disembarked, was reached at noon. A walk of about an hour brought tho visitors to the lighthouse, tho scene at which is described as having been very grand, the waves dash- ing against its rooky baso with fierce avidity, jwhich mado the appearance very impres- sive. The inspection of the building and ap- paratus was considered highly satisfactory. Tho party found eveiything in good order, and tho machinery clean and working well. The newly erected dwelling- house for tho chief keeper is a gieat convenience to him, and Mr. Stubb, the contractor, also went down hy the Huon to seo about i omedyiug one or two little defects that had been brought under bia notice. Some experi- ments wero made in ícspect to communica- tion with tho Southpoit telegraph oflico, it having been thought possiblo to conti ive a mode of signalling between the lighthouse and that township, oither by flags or»a¡ semaphore. The result, however, was not encouraging, as though the day was only moderately hazy, it was found to be almost impossible even with very poweiful glassos, to make out signals between tho two places. _ Some other modo will therefore ' have to be adopted. Tho removal of this light, which has noon moro than once spoken of, to, South-West Cape or Do Witt's Isle is not likely to take place, as it ¡B not considered desirable, nor would it bo in consonance with modern prac- tice, to abandon ono1 which has been esta- blished for a long time. Should it be thought desirable therefoi o to havo' a light in tho other locality, it will havo to be in addition to thoso already existing. Tho Ministerial patty j returned to town shortly, after sun- down, and as tho day was 'fine and the weather genial, the trip was not only a piac ' tically profi table one but a píeosme also. , ! TUB FRENCH WAR CORVMTE MAOON. On Fi ¡day last official visits woi o paid this vessel by Colonel Legge and staff, Mr. Jus tico Giblin, tho Inspector of Police,, and several members of both Houses of Parlia- ment. OnSatuiday, the Mayor and alder- men, accompanied by the Town Clerk, paid a visit to tho vessel. At noon on Satin day the coi vetto was tin own open to tho inspec- tion of the genoial public, a largo number of whom availed ' themselves of the oppor-, tunity to visit the vessel. . Tho officials on board wero the very pink of geniality and 'courtesy, and cheerfully, showed their visitors all tho sights of the .ves- sel. A goodly number of our citizens ^ook advantage of tho trip to air their powers of French conversation,' and through the medium of their good services what would have been a scaled book to many was put as clear as noonday. Yesterday tho ali io was literally crowded, nearly 2,000 pcoplo being ferried on board by the vaiious Bteamera and ferry boats, which plied throughout the afternoon. The arrangements for embarka- i tion and disembarkation, thanks to tho Marino Board, were perfect, not a Bingle ae- ' cident,of any kind occurring. The corvette will bo open ' for public inspection during the day. The oflicors have accepted an in- vitation to the Manchester Unity Ball to be held at the Town Hall this evening. Thoy will also ho present at the Premiers ball on Thursday next. The Magon will leave for Auckland about the end of» the week. ¡ SCRAT IRON.-Visitors to tho workshops of ttio'Main Line of Railway who have had opportunity of seeing the various labour saving appliances in operation tliero, and also the care with which mate) ¡al is used to the best possiblo advantage, w ill be interested in learning that the latest addition to the appliances there is what is termed a rover batory "furnace, for the utilisation of the scraps of iron which constantly accumulate in the wear and tear of running stock. Mr. Cundy, tholocomotivesuperintendent.has had this furnace built under his own supervision and direction, and though it loolts exte- riorly a Bimple structure it is doing admir- able work. All tho scraps of iron lying about the works are now carefully gathered, and, after being sorted, so that CttBt iron may bo separated from the wrought, the latter ¡B packed up in bundles, varying from a half owt. and upwards, and is put into the furnace. A glance through tho occasion- ally oponed doors reveals a glaring light so intense that the cyei of those unaccustomed blink from the ordeal. Thoro tho bundle of scraps isoon becomes 'an incandescent mass glowing with a beautiful straw colour. L'fo tho' practised oye of the furnaco man tho varying shade of colour in- dicates j 'the precise moment at which to draw tho batch, and seizing a hugo pair of clippors to drag it out, undi by aid of running gear working overhead, Jio glides it quickly to tho anvil of the Bteam hammer, whore two more brawny-armed Btniths take it in charge, and under the resistless thud of tho hammer soon reduce it into cohesion and rough shape. Tho operation ia repeated until tho bundle of heretofore useless scraps becomes a solid lump of wrought metal, ready to bo beaten or drawn out into any desired length or thickness. Quito n pilo of these iron blocks or pigs may bo soon at the works, and wo may'prosumo that other workers in iron, having accumulations of unused scraps on their premises \\\ ill bo ready to pay for having them converted at the railway works into a merchantable commodity. . MIXED ROLLING STOCK ON THE MAIN LINE.-Independent testimony na to tho degrco of Bafoty in running trains or mixed rolling stock on the Main Lino was recently given by two railway guards who havo worked for years on tho Victorian linca, and who a few days ago visited Tasmania on furlough. When asked tho question, after having inspected tho slock, they strongly protested against tho proposal as being fraught with constant danger, and certain, if adopted, to end in disaster. THE GILCHRIST SCOLARSUII- von 1885. Some doubt baa oxiatcd whether tho Gil clniat Scolarship for 1885, which waa open to all tho colonies, baa been won by tho Tasmanian candidato, Mr. R. \V. Robot ts, who gained the highest marks, in conso quonca of tho uncertainty as to whothor a candidato had been sent up from Now South Wales or not. All doubt is now put an end lo, as tho Chief Seorotary received a letter from tho Now South Wnlos Government on Saturday stating that no examina- tion was held there. Mr. Roberts then takes tho scholarship for £100 a year for thrco years. Ho is now on his way to England, witli tho object of continu- ing his medical studies, which wore com- menced at tho General Hospital in this city. THE AUSTRALASIAN SKKTCIIKR.-The Sop tcmbor number of the Australasian Sleteher ia quite up to the usual avoiago of oxcolloiico. It has some capital pictures from the Mel- bourne dog shaw, tho animals being very woll drawn. There aie also viows of Charlo villo, Queensland; incidents of tho "fog fovor ;" viows on tho voyage botweon Mol bourno and Nowcastlo ; a well-engraved pic- ture of tho Sydnoy Exchango ; besides others of interest. On tho « hole, the last number is tho boBt issued for some time. SUPRÊME'COURT.-This Couit sat fioni IO a.m. to 1 p.m. on Satuiday, when sovoral witnesses were examined in tho equity Biiit, Field and Others v. Field and Others. The Court adjourned until this day at 11 a.m. INTESTAOV. - An order was issued in Chambers on Saturday by Mr. Justice Wronfordsley directing the curator of intcf tato ostatcB (Mr. Goorgo Browne) to admin- ister tho personal estate of the late Goorgo William Bennett, a patient in tho Hospital for tho Insane, New Norfolk, recently, de- ceased, intostatc. CITÏ POLICE COURT.-Mr. W. Tarleton, P.M., was in attendance at the City Polico Court on Saturday morning. Jano Fitz- gerald," for being drunk and disorderly, was 'lined 20s., pi-14 days, as it was her third i ofionoo within tho proscribed timo of 90 days. , Honry Hatfield, [for disturbing the peaoo, ¡and Daniel Murphy and Daniel Fletcher, for being drunk and disorderly, wero each ', fined 5s. or soven days' imprisonment. , SMART CAPTURE.-A soaman named j Charles Harris, about 45 years of agc, who is charged with having stolon a watch from a fellow-sailor on the iBt August last on ¡ board the s.s. Esk, while tho vessel was (lying in the Mersey, was rather smartly i arrested on Saturday afternoon by Detectives ! Delaney and Franklin. A warrant for his ¡arrest lias boen in force for tho last few days, ¡and as it was known that Harris arrived in iHobart on Thursday night hythe express |train from Launceston, the police have been Ion his track over since. Ho was run to earth ja little after 2 o'clock by the dotcctives in 'Brisbane-street, and stoutly denied any [knowledge of the transaction. On being searchodatthcpalicooffico, however, throo du- plicate pawntickots, onefora watch and chain wore found upon him, Ho will bo brought ,up at the police court this morning and i o inaudcd to Launceston A COLLISION.- As the Mayor and alder- men wera paying a visit to the French war ship Magon in Mr. Charles Dillon's boat Admiral on Saturday last, a rather unfortu- nate contretemps occured. About 11 a.m. the boat, manned by a crew and steered by Alderman Belbin, started on her journey. When abreast of tho s.s. Pearl, which is berthod very nearly the end of the Brooke-street pier, O'May's steamer Result chanced to come suddenly round the corner of the pier. To avoid a collision O'May put stern way on his boat, and sheered her off, whilst the boat carrying the civic digni- taries sheered inward. The action of the screw, however, threw the steamer's head in, and the consequence was that the Ad- miral ran full tilt into tho bows of tho Re- sult, her iron-bound stem head going through the steamer's planks as through a piece of brown paper, and making a considerably sized hole. The force of the contact gave the City Fathers a rather severe shaking, and the boatmen were thrown off their thwarts, and were all more or less bruised. The cause seemed to be that neither party saw each other until it was too latr, At the samr time it would be advisable for the steamers to lessen speed before coming into the ferry. We have since been informed that it is the intention of the harbourmaster to compel each steamer, previous to round- ing the pier, to blow her whistle. It is for- tunate for all parties that the Admiral hap- pened to be stem on to the steamer, other- wise she would have been cut down to the water's edge, which would possibly have led to more serious consequences. ' ACCIDENT.- An old man named John Huybcis, aged C2 years, was brought to the Hospital') on Saturday) suffering from ar broken rib which ho bud BUS-, taincd by falling down stairs in Parker's lodging-honso in Campbcll strcot the same morning. His injuries wera treated hy the house surgeon, after which ho left the institution. , SUDDEN' DEATH.-An old woman named Elizabeth Fulton, aged 75 years, a resident of Upper Elizabeth-street, died vory sud- denly on Friday night, at about 10 o'clock. The deceased had been suffering from a cold, and had complained 'of .pains m her chest {or some days past. Dr. Benjafield was called in and saw deceased shortly attor her death. As she was known to have been ailing for some timo past, the coroner did not consider an inquest necessary. , AN HONEST CABBY,-A cab driver named Richard Morrison brought a gentloinan's walking-stick to the Polico Station on Sat- urday, which he had found in his cab. An owner is required by tho polico for the article. J , RIFLE MATCH.-A match will take placo to-day between members of tho Southern Tasmanian Rifle Association at tho Sandy Bay range, tbo first prize being of a, novel character-a suit of clothes to measure, presonted by Mr. J. G, Steelo, of Elizabeth street. Full particulars can bo obtained at Hampton's this morning, i MANCHESTER UNITY BALL.-A plain and fancy dress ball under the auspices of the Manchester Unity of Oddfellows will bo held this evening in the Town Hall. The gathering promises to bo an entire success, ^lis Excellency tho Governor will be present as also the non. ithe Premier, the Comman-, dant and Officers of ithe Volunteer Forces, and also Le Capitaino and officers of tho French war Corvette. Mr. McCanii's qua- drille band is entrusted with tho musical work of the evening. ' ' '"' .? NEW TOWN FLOWER MISSION.-A conçoit in aid of ¿hese funds will take place at the Templars' Hall, Now Town, next Thursday evening,^commencing'at-half-past 7.~-Air excellent programma has been prepared, and the wcuthor being fine there should be a largo attendance. , < > J i ! ' " , ALL SAINTS.-A eonvorsaziono, which promises to bo very successful and enjoyable will be held this evening at 8 o'clock in the All Saints'schoolroom.! 'Besides othoriat- tractions there will bo six powerful micro- scopes exhibited, "and the wonders which they show will bo explained by local scien- tists. ..'[,, i Í ST, JOHN'S, GOULBURN-STREET.-An en- tertainment, .^consisting _of tableaux, inter- spersed with "appropriate songs and readings, | will bo given at tho Tasmanian . Hall, on Friday evening next, in aid of tho organ fund of'this church. ' . 1 CONCERT.-The second of a fortnightly scries of concerts in aid of the building fund of the Davey-street Congregational Sunday school will bo given in the schoolroom, Har- rington-street this evening. A number of well-known amateurs will tako part, and among other attractions Miss Julia Wig- more will play two piano solos. LITERARY UNION.-Tho Literary Union of tho Y.M.C. Association will meet; in the association's rooms this evening at 8 o'lock. The programme will consist of impiomptu Bpoeches by members. TOWN IIALL SUNDAY LECTURES.-Mr. Chailes F. Reeve dclivci ed his lecture yes- terday to a good attendance ; the subject was, " The Holy Spirit's descent from Hea- ven, and the formation of tho Church." The lecturer referred to Soripturo to show the personality of the Holy Spirit, and of His presence now upon earjh. 'He stated that n? God tho Father had worked hitliorto, and also God the Son, so now God the Holy Ghost was working. The formation of the Church was considered at somo length. Another lecture was announced for noxt Sunday. MEMORIAL SERVICE.-A spcoiul service, in momoryoftholatoRov. F.E. Stephenson, who was chairman of tho Tasmanian Dis- trict of tho Australasian Wcsloyan Motho dist Church, was held last ovening at tho Melvillo-stroot Church, which was draped in mourning. The servico was conducted by tho Rov. John Cope, who, selecting for his text Revelations vii., 15 to 17 verses, dolivorod an nppropriato and imprcaaivo discourso to a vory largo and npprecintivo congregation ; after which tho RoV. H.' Greenwood road a biograi>hioal sketch of tho deceased from his birth in Durham to his death, rcforring to his being tho eon of a Wesloyan Minister, his early lifo at Behool, hia training ns au architect, his first sermon at the ago of 17, hia inclination for tho Ministry whilst in England, but his aban- donment of tho idea through feebleness of body, his subsequent migration to Victoria, where, after pursuing Ilia profession na an architect with good prospecta, liishoaltliBoim proved by chango of climate, that ho rclin quished business and cntorcd the ministry, j St. Kilda being tho first circuit to which, undor tho lato Rov. D. J. Drapor, ho was appointed, and his subacquont laboura in Victoria for many years. Ho then _ removed to Tasmauia, whore ho spoilt' six years in Hobart, three years in Launceston, and was in tho second year of his ministry at Now Town at tho timo of ina death, lie waa secretary to tho Victorian and Tamanian Conference, with ovory prospect of being elected ero long its president. Ho was an impressive prcacner, and a good administrator, whilst firmness and gentlemanly bearing were tho distinguishing features of his character. For some months ho knew his days wore numbered. Ho lost bia speech on tho 3rd of tho praaent month, and died on the following day in peace, at tho ago of 56 years. During tho sorvico ap- propriate hymns wore sung, including Pope's Odo, and as tho congregation retired, tho " Dead March in Saul'' was played by Mr. Joseph Whito on the organ. RECHABITE FUNERAL,-Tho lato Mr. John Rothwell, retired undor-shoriff of Tasmania, being a leading member ef tho Independent, Order of Rechabitcs, hia funeral obsequies, which took placo yesterday morning, were , conducted in accordanco with tho formula of the order with which ho had been for many years connected. The early hour at which tho funeral took placo precluded a largo at- ' tendance. Tho membors of the Civil Sorvico, in which tho late Mr. Rothwell had faith- fully servod for 47 years, wore conspicuous by their absence, Mr. i Philip Seager, deputy-sheriff and successor to tho de- ceased, . being tho ' only ' mombor of the Civil Sorvico prosont. Tho funoral service was performed . by tho Rev. A. M. Taylor, of thoMothodist Freo Church, who delivered an appropriate and i¡llprcBa¡vo, address, after which the usual scrvicó'of tifo Independent Ordor of Rechabitcs waa im-' preasivoly road by tho Past District Chief Ruler, Mr. G. T. Taylor, and the gravo" I oloscd over one of, tho oldest officers in tho ¡Civil Service of Tasmania. THE LATE MR. JOHN GLEESON.--This well-, known city identity expired yesterday at his residence, Battery Point, at the age of 74, years. Arriving in Tasmania about 40 years ago, he commenced a dairy in a very humble way. His stock was small, but by perse- verance, frugality, and industry it so in- creased that Mr. Gleeson some became a man of aflluence. He was a native of Tipperary, and an attached adherent of the Church of Rome. He was a leading member, of the St. Patrick's Society, from whom he recently received a flattering testimonial on his retirement, through infirmity, as trea- surer of the society. His means were ample, and his purse was ever open to his country and his Church. He was, aided by a thrifty wife, a worthy example of how a man from a small beginning may rise to wealthy inde- pendence. He leaves a widow, four sons, and two daughters, one of whom is in the Convent, but all amply provided for. Mr. Gleeson was a good citizen, but by none will he be missed more than by his family, his countrymen, and his Church. BIBLE SOCIKTV.-A meeting of tho Hobart Auxiliary of tho British and Foreign Biblo Society will bo held this ovcning at Rich- mond, and to-morrow ovoning at Carlton. CATHOLIC EDUCATION.-Au eloquent ser- mon was preached at St. Mary's Cathedral yes- terday morning by tho Rov. Father 0. Daly, S. J., in tho cours« of which ho mado some forcible remarks on tho subject of education as viewed by tho Roman Catholic Church. Speaking of the increase of infidelity in tho world at the present day he asked its cause, and as a reply stated that it was due to three sources :-Ignorance of tho tenets of their faith, the spirit of independence of all control which ruled the world in tho present age, and tho corruption in the heart of tho infidel. Tho seed sown in baptism could not be expanded in tho child mind without religious instruction, and yet there never was an epoch in the history of the Church when more deadly attempts were made to exclude it from the system of education im- parted. It was terrible to see children growing up compelled to frequent scenes where tho name of God was never sounded, breathing tho atmosphere of infidelity, and nega- tive catholicity, with no allegiance to any of tho sweet doctrines of their holy faith, which ought to be drunk in by tho child as its mother's milk. No wonder that when he grew up infidel books had such power over his mind. No wonder that tho world of the present day was producing a race of infidels. After all, what was the Sunday school unless the child was grounded in its faith day by day, and from morning to night. It was no wonder that they grew up as they did. Tho only wonder was that the result was not worse. He drew a graphic picture of the different way in which a well taught Christian regarded infidel theories to those who had received no early religious training, and said the spirit of independence was never so much felt as it was in these days. Those who were old now could remember how different children used to be. It was dreadful to hear tho youthful infidel questioning tho truth of sacred things, just as if a poor limited human intellect could understand Almighty God. Father Daly concluded with an eloquent appeal to parents to see their children well grounded in their faith, so that they might be able to resist tho assaults which were made upon it. Y.M.C.A.-The young men of this asso- ciation huid an interesting meeting for the; promotion of gospul temporáneo on Saturday evening, in tho Masonic Hall. Several pre- sent addressed tho meeting, and boro testi- mony to the benefits derived from. total ab- stinence. Ono member declared that ho attri- buted his prcscntre8pcctabilityaiul happiness to the gqspel temperance movement. Appro- priate songs and melodies by a few lady friends brought tho meeting lo a very ploa Bant ¡B8U0. All friends of the cause will bo ?lad to sec that young men arc coining to the rout in theso meetings. The usual gospel temperance entertainment wus{ (ulso hold at tho now hall last j Saturday ovoniiig,' in tho Sresenco of a largo audience. Tho Rev. A. L Taylor occupied tho chair, and treated the audience to a very good address. Ho also, during the evening, gavo u recitation, which was listened to" with attention. Several "musical selections wore also ren- dered, and elicited flattering applause.' Messrs. Hanson and Innes addressed the meeting,1 and wore listened to'with much interest. At tho close, the pledge was signed and bluo ribbon donned as usual.' ' , PniLHARMONio SociETY/.-Tho' Philhar- monic Society gavo tho first subacribora' con-' cert of the now 'season in the Town Hall,on Saturday evening, in presenco of a moderato audience, tho'front Boats"being"wellfillcd, whilo tho back portion!of tho hall was almost empty. His Excellency tho Gover- nor, accompanied by tho Hon. John Wallop,' was present, and seemed to tako a great in- terest in the proceedings. " Tho programmo was divided into two parts, and embraced selections by ' tho ' orchestra and songs and solos by individual performers. The or- chestra played the following selections ex- ceedingly well :-Overture to Le Cheval de Bronze ; waltz, " Stuttgart ;" fautaaio, " Uno Soiree Muaicalo ; overture to 'l'ancrcdi ; Coronation March Lt Prophète : and tho whole of tho items woro received with evi- dent pleasure by the audience. Tho only lady vocalist was Miss A. Roberts, who rendered very sweetly the songs '. Parted," and " It Ms sad to love'in vain. In the latter effort she was recalled, and sang with good effect, "Listening." Mr. II. Pringlo waB heard withadvantage in "Though fortuno darkly," and Mr. W. 15. Dear gavo a good rendering of " Tho mavis Bings on the poplar bough." Mr. \V. E. Hawkins was applauded for his rendoring of " Remember, and Miss ' Julia Wigmorc's pianoforto solo (Beethoven's Moonlight Sonata) was much appreciated. Messrs. Hawkins and Pringle rendered two duets, "Sound nowthotrumpol|'y/ Puritani) and "See, the land appears m sight," in both of which their powerful voices wera well balanced. Mr. F. A. Cane showed that ho was a master' of the 'carnot in the solo, " Variations on Welsh airs." A vory clover performance was a duo'concertante (piano and clarionet) by Mr.' 'Kenneth Munro and' Miss Wigmore, which washeartily applauded. A very pleasant variety was given at tho termination of the ooncort'by tho" rendering of the quaint, composition by Dosonno's "Serenade do Mandolines," which was sub- stituted for the Cavalry ball polka by ' God-1 froy. This was given by Mr. R. A. Cane, first violin ; Mr. W. \V. Jones, second violin; Master C. Miller, viola; Mr. T. Munro, anil Miss Wigmore, piano; tho stringed instruments being played pizzicato, with excellent effect. The number was as great a novelty as tho bouche fermée singing which Mr. Packer has introduced with so much success at his Liedertafel concerts ; and, as tho musical public aro always grateful for something new, the applause Was pro- portionately wann. Mr. F. A. Paokor was us usual an ablo conductor, and bail his orcliestra well under hand. Tho concert was an entire success, and the publie will look forward with renowod interest to tho noxt public performance of tho society. THE ELEVATION OF DU. MORAN TO THE CARDINALATU.-The following interesting account of tho ceremonial which took placo in tho Vatican, at Romo, on the elevation of Dr. Moran, Archbishop of Sydnoy, to tho Cardinalttte, has been furnished tho Sydney Morning IltrtM :-" The Sccvot Consistory, for tho elovation of Dr. Moron and fivo other eminent Roman Catholic churchmen to tho dignity of tho Cardinalato, was held iii tlio Vatican on Monday, July 27. On tho afternoon of tho following day tho six newly-created cardinals assomblcd in the throno - room of the \ atican to .flor their thanks for the , honour conferred upon them by His Holiness tho Pope, and to receive the baratta from his hands. The Popo was surrounded by tho prolatcB and othor dignitaries of his court, and attondod by his brother, Cardinal Pecci, Cardinal Mclchers, as senior of tho now car- dinals, addressed the Pope in tho name of his collcoguos, oxprcBBiiig the warmest re- spect, veneration, and gratitude towards the supremo Pontiff. In his reply the Pope alluded to tho unswerving fidelity of tlio Irish nation to tho Catholic faith, On the following Thursday a public Consistory was held in tho Vatican, at which the rod hat was presented to Cardinal Moran and his colleagues. At 0 a.m. on that day they assembled in the Sistino Chapel to take the oath prescribed by tho Apostolic Constitution. The Pope, escorted by a bril liant tiain of archbishops, bishops, prelates, high dignitaries, and offiaials, civil and' ecclesiastical, was borne to the Sala Regina, where, having ascended tho throne, ho solemnly opened tho Consistory. Tho now caidinals woro then introduced, and ad- vanced to tho foot of tho throno, each in succession rccoiving tho led hat from tho hands of tho Sovereign Pontiff. Aftor tho chanting of tho Te Dcwn by tho Papal choir, Cardinal Moran and hiB col- leagues woio welcomed by their senior brethren into tho ranks of the Sacred 'Collogc. Notwithstanding tho ¡ntonBO j heat that prevailed at the time, tho Vatican ¡was crowded with spectators dilling tho jwholo of tho ceremony. Count Wagner ra Iprcsonled Germany on the occasion, and Mr. 'ii. Cassell the English nation. At tho closo [of tho consistory, tho Popo -presented tho cardinalatial ring to each of tho now mein jbers of the Sacred College, assigning to .Cardinal Moran tho title of Santa Susanna. In tliu allocution, or address, {delivered hy i tho Popo at the Consistoiy, ho spolie of Cardinal Moran and bia colleagues as i * omiucut men who l aro rccom .inended to UB by their viituo, their pru- dence, their learning, and thoir attachment to ¡tho Apostolic See. Our action in inscribing 'you on tho roll of tho Sacred Collego of ¡Cardinals of tho Holy Roman Church waa 'taken witli tho purpose of commending by 'a publio mark of distinction your brilliant 'sorviccs to tho Church, and wo are assured that with a just estimation of your exalted dignity, you will havo nothing BO'much at heartasto study toadornthatdignityby your 'great ability, your virtues, and by tho dis chaigo of all the duties which, are yours." Addressing Cardinal Moran1 in particular, Popo Loo said :-" As to you, son of ,bravo and holy Ireland, when tho people of Australia seo you invested with tho insignia of this high dignity, tlioy will also BOO, by 'means of an instance now to thom, and 'understand moro mid moro how great is our love for them, and how ' earnestly wo desire that the Christian religion may flourish in that distant land, and there gain greater growth from day to day." Tho Popo s con- cluding words woro : " Bestir yourselves, then, dear sons, now that you aro bound to this Apostolic Soo by a now and stronger tie ; labour with courago mid forvour to help and proteot tho Roman Pontificate, and imito yourselves with UB by all your efforts, and, according as occasion domands it, by tho most unflinching unity of purpose." ' A concert will bo givon in tho Town Halll by the Metropolitan Band, assisted by tho Filibusters, mid a number of well-known amateurs, on Friday evening noxt, the 25th inst. 