A WESTERN LANDLORD. A Story by Mary Hartwell Catherwood author of "CRAQUE of Doom," "Old Cavern Days," ETC., AND NUMEROUS SERIALS and STORIES IN WIDE-awake, LIPPINCOTT's, HARPERS', etc. A young village doctor is a young village doctor, whether he carries a medicine case in the year 1885, or a pair of pill-bags in 1857. But all young doctors are not as large and white and full of vigorous blood as Brother- ton was. Instead of his usual pill-bags, how- ever, he held a well-stuffed carpet- sack in his hand as the hack rumbled with him into Millport. The whole snowy country was steeped in moonlight, which threw back a cold, knife-like glitter from the ice over Sugar Creek. The shadow of a flour-mill fell over the hack as it jogged across the bridge, and no light appeared in the post-office where the mail bag ought to be delivered. It was after 10 o'clock. The vehicle stopped midway of the one long street, at once the county road and Millport's spinal column, and Brotherton alighted with his carpet-bag, exchanging a word with the hack driver. This half-asleep and weather-hardened be- ing then bumped ahead over frozen mud to the tavern which appeared to lie directly hugging the north pole, for such timber as inclosed Millport opened there upon bound- less white prairie. In those railroadless days Chicago seemed nearly as remote as China to the inland Illinoisan. Brotherton jumped a glazed mud levee and mounted that unpaved path used by the vil- lagers as a side waik. It led directly across a drug store porch, upon which he paused, rapping hard at the door. In time a light appeared through the window, showing candy jars and medicine bottles there dimly displayed behind the fretwork of frost, then a tardy hand unfastened the door, a man's voice growling all the time on the other eide of it. Brotherton slipped into a druggy atmos phere and shook hands with his red- headed, ! fat partner, who, acting as if tranced by sleep, refa^tened the door and took up a tin candle ; stick covered with stalagmites oi ancient tallow. ! •' Lffc your folks well ?" "Yes, quite well. You didn't expect me to-ni^ht, did you ?" " Yes," yawned the partner, " I've ex pected you every night. We never know when that hack will get ia any more." " l£ broke into a slew this side of the Bed Patnp tavern," said Brotherton, " and I thought for a couple of hours we'd have to leave it there and ride the horses in," 11 You look like you'd been prying a hack out of a &lew;," observed the partner lowering his candlestick toward Brotherton's muddied and frozeii trows&ra.; " Well, old Vesuvius ia red hot." Blessed he the devil that tends her fireB," gaid Brotherton. "Now, Doc., aow.," remonstrated the red headed man, using the Western abbreviation, 1 wh'"1" cheare avrav a physician's dignity. | He piloted a track betwixt clustering chairs, J left just aa the town loafera were wont to leave them when breaking up daily and nightly I court, to a stove at the rear of the store. : Though muddy heel marks and the stains of many mouths showed uncleacsed upon its cylinder surface, it glowc-d J ike a red rose from within, and Brotherton threw off over- 1 coat, hat and gloves upon a counter and abaa doned himself to its heat. In a secluded j corner near the stove appeared the lounge-bsd which his partner had jast vacated. A simi lar lair in the opposite corner invited the doctor's weary bones after a thirty-mile jolt across tiie sweep of prairie wind. "It argues well for our Recency that we retain a little bit of it when we bunk about so like dogs, don't it Raish? ' he observed with a laugh, using a village diminutive for Horatio which Hamlet in all his musings naver hit upon. " You're just back from them flesh-pots of luxury the preacher talks about," responded the druggist. " You'd turn up your nose now i on Gysttrs cooked in the can and e't out of the white mortar." "No, I wouldn't," declared Brotherton, promptly. " So if you've got .some in the digging sad want a single bite yourself, put; on two cans to sinyner." " Now, listen to that for extravagance," i observed the partner, taking up the candle acd going forward in the store. Then he knocked sawdust from a tin oblong, cut the top cpGn with his pocketknife, and reached behind the ipecac jar for s bundle of crackers. The crackers he brought and spread open for Brotherton to munch at, while the can of oystera thawed and then began to leak and sputter upon the stove. "Ptpjter and salt and a hunk .of butter right up there in the white mortar," he sug gested. Brotherton himself lifted the white mortar down and blew a little dust off its ritn. " Don'c be go particular," urged Secrist. I thought it might be tartar emetic," ex plained the doctor. " But you're too good a housekeeper to servo me that way, Secrist. Just as I come back, too." "Well, now, Doc., tell the truth," urged the fat man, stretching himself in a chair at the other side of the stove and glimmering at his friend through half shut eyes. "TWien you come baek from civil-i-zation to a god forsaken place like this, don't you think you're making a fool of yourself ?" " No, I don't," rejoined Brotberton. He was sitting on the eounter beside his garments, and his long, strong legs dangled well toward the floor. " This is experience. I like experience, and I don't like henging by the eyelids. A man can be hardening himself here while he would collapse to nothing waiting for practice : in a city. It i3'nt such a god-forsaken place, either." " A row down at Peg-leg's whisky shop every Saturday night. Mud and slush up to your eyes in winter. Ague all fall." " That suits-me," s&id; Brotherton. Secrist sneered on: "Preaching only onea a month in the school-house at early candle-lighting." " There isn't & Christian in town that bears that privatipn better than you do," laughed the doctor. "0, I ain't saying the rttfBanly gang in this neighborhood isn't good enough for me," I chuckled the druggist, " I'm only wondering how a fellow of your stamp can stand it." " What's happened now?" "Nothing," replied the druggist briefly, as he went to a front counter and got a piece of wrapping paper for the purpose of lifting the bet can. " Here; hold your bowl." "Won't you have some yourself, Eaish? The eld tumbler will hold them if you give it a steam bath first." " No, I'd rather have some sleep." " You're not going to bunk down without telling me all the news ? " " No," said the fat man, slowly. " What news could we scare up, do yon reckon, though, in the two weeks you've been gone?" "But you were gnashing about inffianly gangs. There haven't be6n any horse thieves J through?" _ . J Secrist ntiered a negative grant, Bitting on I the side of hia couch. . • , . r | " I was only thinking of old Hiram D:xon." I " No one has killed him ?" t I " No, responded Sectiet, with & dissatisfied | snuffle. . . I '• I know it's yonr silent, ceaseless petition J that somebody will kiil him," chuckled the | doctor, dippiog ap his oysters from the white J mortar with a broken-handled pewter spoon. | " Baishy, these are a comfort in adversity. J Yon better have Eome." I " Everybody says be killed a man onoe," I continued Secrist, leaning forward and rest- J ing his arms on his knees. " Buby Stirling's I husband and him went north together, and I Stirling never was seen alive afterwards." j " Yea, I've heard yon tell that story a dozen I times," said Brother ton, applying himself to J his soup with the zest of an hungry man. I " Bat B-iby doesn't believe it. Stirling's | body was found whole and untampered with ! at a hotel. Heart disease, congestion, a man's I misuse of himself that fools don't know how j to describe with a name. And if yon men I suspected Dixoa why didn't you haul him up j before the courts and investigate ?" I " It was talked of," replied Secrist, despond- I ently. " Bat he had his explanations ready, j Old man Dixon is smart." I " Ruby's well, i3 she ?" I | As Brotherton made this inquiry ha threw I a quick side glanco at his partner. 1 | " I thought I heard somebody knock," eaid | the druggist, turning his head in his palms J and listening. I The fire whispered. Without the frosty I wind swept over village and wood end lost it-1 self in the vastness of the prairie. There was I a sudden equeal and scampering in the w&H; J I behind Brotheitoc. _ I •* Jt's nothing bat that old rat," said he. I "You'll let that old rat live to see hia child-1 ren's children to the last generation, before I you'll give him a button." I " I wish aomebody'd give me a button that'd J make me sleep tc-night," exclaimed the drug- j [ gist. •' I ain't shut my eyes since dusk." j i " You were so drowsy you could h&idly; open j the door," declared the doctor. I j " I was pretendin' to be easy on yon, like," j explained hie partner, painfully. " Jerome, I there has something happened since you went ] away." I "What? "exclaimedBrotherton,feeling his j temples emnd with large pulse beatB. " It J isn't anythnig about old Hiram Dixon—or J Ruby ?" j " Was you in downright earnest about her, I Jerome ? " 1 " I intend to marry her, that's all," an- I swered the doctor, antagonism coming to the I front in his face. | " Doc., Baby's dead." I " She isn't 1" exclaimed Brotherton, leap- I ing up. I " Dqc., she's dead." 1 Automatically Brotherton rubbed his finger I through the rings which his soup bowl made I upon the counter. Euby's delicate aquiline j face, flushed the eolof of a blush rose, filled j his vision. He did not believe it was now clay white; that her innocent mouth was set in deajth. He did not upbraid his partner for I suppressing the news. There were no means I by which Secrist could have reached him J more quickly unless he had driven out to meet the hack. ^ ] Secriat's voice, proceeding in reoital, grew I in volume upon his ear. j Blame old Hi Dixon's picture I He would j have put her in the ground twelve hours after if it hadn't been for her Aunt Baby Ann and I the neighbors." ... I Brotherton grated his nails against the j wooden counter. I *• When did she die ? " " A Friday morning five days ago. I said I you ought to of been here all along," pro nounced Seeriet impressively, gazing with j commiseration at the pallid young man. j " They say it was like this: She was playing J with little Nate and tossing up a ball. When I the ball went into the afr she was alive and | wtU. and when it touched the floor she was a I dead woman. Doe, the color didn't go out of J her cheeks and she stayed warm. They pat j her between feather beds, and all the other j doctors in town tried their best to bring her j to, but it wasn't no use. I don't believe they knew what it was." " She hasn't been ? " demanded Broth- I erton quickly, coming forward and setting his I foot on the pedestal of the stave. I The boot leather smoked, and he watched I it as if his hopes were exhaling in the smoke. I " No, not yet. But old Hiram Dixon says j he won't keep her any longer than early to morrow forenoon. He say's he kept her I longer now than anybody ever was kept in I Millport." I " He won't have a funeral -while there's the I slightest doubt." I "No, he won't have any more funeral than j he can help. He'll just pop her in the ground 1 and be done with it. He's helping dig the grave to-night to save expense, and a nice J easy job they have of it the way the ground's I froze. The women say he got the cheapest coffin that could be bought," continued Secrist, dropping his faots like pebbles into Brother ton's boiling mind. " Buby'B boy will come into his hands now. 4Pd by the time that boy is 21 years old, if Hiram Dixon hasn't the rest of Stirling's property besides what disappeared when Stirling died, then I ain't acquainted with Hiram Dixon. It's most all in land, and easy to trustee out of the hands of a minor heir. I'll go up with you, Doc." " No, you go to bed and sleep," replied the | j doctor, who having muffled himself, was | I changing medicines in his pill bags for others on the shelves. «' ru go np with you," said the fat man,, bringing forth hia own garments. " You'll haye a tussle with old Hiram. If he's dag her grave and she isn't dead he'll bury her any how." The wind blew out of the north like mobile and invisible ice. Secrist tied his red woollen comforter in another knot under his chin. Before some houses lay a narrow, frosty board as causeway, and aoross this they walked singly to avoid the rough, frozen mud. A hut of logs, opening by a latch-string, and a weather-boarded domicile, with the door at the rear, were close neighbours. There were two or three brick houses of some pretensions, inclosed by palings, and a barred and silent general store, which in daylight divided patronage with one at the other end of the village. On rising ground stood the tavern; a halting place where the traveller might brace himself far the bleak ride northward. How many a cutting day had Brotherton taken to that narrow road in his jumper, his hojse breasting an unstirred ocean of snow. Tlien, however, he carried cosy, warm thoughts within his wraps and furs, which kept him exhilarated. To-night the north iroad was the bleakest track he had ever seen. Wanderers on the prairie would ba sure to perish; orj should they escape, what comfort could they find in to-morrow, anyhow? Opposite the tavern, across a small ravine, apd upon a hill stood the largest house in the tdwn.~ A road curved around it and crawled down into the dark woods. It was, however, the meanest-looking house in the town, its size only emphasizing its dilapidation. The hoar frost tried vainly to ornament with sil ver plating certain ancient garments bulging through broken panes, the crazy ashe rattled, andloose, unplanted weather-boarding clapped responsively. Secrist and the doctor, waiting for admiS sion before steps on which they dare not! stand both at once/heard the wind howling 1 through this hollow mansion as if its vacant \ chambers were built only for tl aL. purpose. Brotherton'a chief wieh had been to tike Baby out of this place into a home of his own making. She was still so much & little girl that he never realfzc-d her widowhood on her maturity. Iler child seemed a young brother whom he would adopt for love of her. It forever puzzled him that a creature ifse Buby, naturally refined and alive to every thing beautiful, should be cast in her lot and bound to the people who held her. The heredity which gave dark-eyed daughters with childish hands and feet and living souls to Mrs. Dixon's like could not be accounted for by medical ecienc?. Mrs. Dixon was etiii afoot and let the young men into her unfurnished hall. Naked atair-step3 and gaunt bannisters, against which thoir shadows were thrown by the moon, seemed to welcome them as congenial ghosts. Oae discouraged candle burned ia the square room where most of the living wa? done, and where dying was to be consum mated ; for there in the corner stood the marble-like oblong ot sheets stretched over the tops of chairs, coscsaling what was held beneath them upon the cooling board. Nesr by, also upheld by two chairs, waited a black coffin, bulging near the head, but narrowing towards the foot. A strong shudder darted through the doctor at thie sight, which must have been so common to him. Two other women were watching with Ruby. One of them, the landlady of the tavern, came forward to meet her two hoarders, and shook hands with the doctor. She was capable and portly, and talked in a hoarse whisper. Being the dead girl's Aunt Baby Ann, she was there to command. Mrs. Dixon eat down in a remote coraer with her eon-bonnet over her eyes. She was a very thin creature, having calico garments which hung upon her. The contemporary world seldom caught her features on account of this immovable sccboncet, and it was be lieved she would die without naving ever fully shown her face. She wa3 not deaf, yet when -ehe mad9 one of her scant remarks she shouted it, and people shouted to her in re turn. The major part of her time was j evidently spent in meditation, and Having I Hiram Dixon for her second husband was deemed a sufficient excuse for this. Aunt Baby Ann put a. splint-bottomed chair and the one rocker before a scoied and cave-like fireplace where some green sticks were weeping upon rusty fire-dogs. The doctor set hie pill-bags and hat upon the splint-bottomed chair, and the landlady understanding him, took up the candle. During their conference her voice never rose above the hoarse whisper proper to the occasion. " Did you git word ? " she inquired. " Not until Secrist told me, after I got out of the hack." " I am glad you're on hand, for he's r'aiin' around to bury her whether or no." She cast a look of contempt at her sister who could keep a husband in no better subjection than Hiram Dixon was kept. then agin' I go and try once more with feathers under her no=e and a looking glass held to her mouth. I can mighty near see a dimness on the glass, and yet I ain't sure of that, neither." Seeing that Brotherton <3id not lift the cor ner of the sheet-sarcophagus, Aunt Buby Ann raised it herself, exposing little Buby by the yellow tongue of the candle. Shrouds were just passing out of use then, so Baby was clad ia her best dress of thia, black silk, the sleeves flowing away from her elbows and leaving her arms protected by muslin under sleeves. A broad collar of needlework was turned down well towards her shoulders and fastened at her throat by a mighty brown and white cameo pin. Her delicate face was not yet pinched cr sunken, its unuaaal whiteness seeming merely to. deepen the darkness of her hair. The minute blue tracery of her. eyelid veins arid the network on her temples caught the gaze of one who studied her. A suggestion of colour like auroral light ap peared upon her lips gnd cheeks. " She looks nat'ral, don't she, Doc?" whis pered the landlady with emphatic hoarse ness. "Yes," replied Brotherton, getting down upon his knees and applying hia ear to her chest and hear down ehe tumbled," shouted Mrs. D»"xon from her corner, turning the mouth of her sun bonnet upward from a trance of meditation, and having discharged this conversational ball she again lowered its muzzle. Brotherton and the landlady held a con ference which ended in much trampling on the naked floor and some shifting of the mean furniture, at which his partner and the neighbour assisted. Mrs. Dixon sat silent, and saw her daughter's body transferred to a table, with a pail of water beside it, and the doctor's morocco case of instruments glitter ing beneath the feeble candle light. Secrist poked the fire and kept his face strictly chimneyward. At the table long pauses alternated with whispers and changes of position. Water occasionally dripped on the floor. Mrs. Dixon could behold Brotherton's haggard ex pression, and the quick gesture with which the baek of his hand rubbed moisture from his forehead. " Three doctors has give her up," she shouted, and again dropped her sunbonnet mouth, leaving the fact to hit its mark. There was a clock sorewed to the wall, with pineapple shaped weights hanging by chains. It had the piteous air of dragging its own viseera, and was altogether such an incom plete clock as the master of such a house might desire; but its iron hands kept pace with time, and they indicated that Brother ton had been experimenting more than an hour when the pat of naked feet became irregularly distinct on the naked -stairs, and the sitting-room door was thrown open so wide as to bump against Mr. Dixon's knees. "..What did you git up for, Nate?" whis pered the landlady, meeting him and lifting him to sit on the curve of her arm. The child was in a linsey dreBS, under which scant drap ing he cuddled his legs, while he searched the group around the table with large, dark eyes and began to whimper. " Her and N^te was tossin' the ball together and singin' Lav Lovel," shouted Mrs. Dixon. -She bent her Sfinbonneted head once more and sat motionless, as if waiting to be re loaded. The landlady turned her face from the table and carried him around to the doctor. " How do you do, Nate ? said Brotherton, taking one of his ague-tinted claws and kiss ing it. " I want my maw, wept out Nate, putting np his trembling under-lip. " Call her," said Brotherton, taking the child upon his own arm. " Maw, O, maw I" called Nate. " O, I'm afraid upstairs alone. Make her wake, Docker B'utterton 1" The young-man moved one one of Baby's arms. " If you can't rouse her, Nate, she's beyond the reach of love and despair. Call her again." " Doc., Doc. 1" remonstrated the landlady. " If you set him to takin' on we never will git him peacefied again." " And out of her bosom grew a red, red rose, and out of his'n grew a briar," shouted Mrs. Dixon. Her knees being again threatened by the opening door, she drew hersfli together as if collapsing. It was an oid man who carneio. He fixed the glare to blue goggles upon the table. fKc iron grey hair met with iron-grey beard apon his check-bones and formed a diaggy curtain reacbicg Lis shoulders. As if sun, rain and m&ny; seasons' wear had not done their worst Tor hi? ancient and ill-favoured clothing, he wis freshly gfezed with frozen mud stains, and ills dark paws were yellowed by clay fluite to the £rajei coat sleeve. Shutting the door so that a responsive shudder ran through the whole house, he demanded at once: '• Who's a meddlin' with that corpse "The S:ate of Illinois," replied Secrist from the fire place. " The State of Illinois can- get out ot my houee then," said the old man, wagging his hoary shag. " I don't keep a medical college." " Hiram Dixon," spoke out the landlady, "ain't jcu willin' every means should be cried to see if life's left in Raby "I am," said the druggist, "and I'm the constable." " You can't bury her to-morrow, Mr Dixon," said Brotherton.. '• I am. not ready to pro nounce her dead." "I'll bury her,to-morrow as-sure as tie sun rises,"1 said _old Hiram Dixon. " And I knowed yon couldn't tell a dead woman from a live one." He came forward in his oeual stooped and stiHened posture, and Nate, with one arm around the doctor's neck, watched him fear fully. " I'll bury her ic-niGrrow, and I'll faeten her up in her coffin now, to keep meddlers out. And I'll set on it the rest of the time, if no thing else'll do." " Hiram Dixon, are you possessed? " cried out Baby's aunt. ~ " Let him alone," said the doctor, whitening tkrocgh his lips, "only see that she's moved decently." " Keep your dirty, elayey hands off, then," dictated the landlady, "and let Seekers and Doc. Smith's wife and rae put her in." "They grew and they grew to the church - steeple top, and there they couldn't get no higher," shouted Mrs. Dixon, aiming her quotation at the ceiling over the heads of her discordant inmates. Whatever emotion she felt at seeing her daughter's body placed in its lost receptacle was concealed within the muzzle cf the sunbonnet and made so ex plosive escape. " Now I hope you're satisfied," said Aunt Ruby Ann to the oid man, beginning to weep and wring her nose between her thumb and one finger, when the last crackling fold of Ruby's drapery was laid straight. " If they've all, even to Doe. Brotherton, give her up, I s'pose I'll have to." " I'll he satisfied when the screws is druv to place," replied Hiram Dixon, fitting the lid with such callous exactness that she felt herself impelled to add with fcitksg censure: i: I believe you'd like to have Nate in there, too," The old man looked np, and his spectacles in the dim light seemed to flams like wolf eyes. He was exasperated to a point beyond his endurance, and Nate's linsey dress was within easy reach. One of the boy's bare feet clenched a round of the chair which supported Ruby's head, as he lilted himseif up to look down at her. " I'll put him in," said old Hiram, grabbing the boy, and instantly the shingles on the roof seemed rent by Nate's shriek to his mother. Some muffled sousja mingled with the noise he made, and the doctor being first to reach him was the first to see Ruby's open eye?. He was holding her child under one of his arms and lifting her head with the othex^ when Mrs. Dixon fired oft the conclusion or that doggeral ballad with which her mind has been eo heavily charged by Ruby's last repe tition of it: " And there they entwined in s true lover's knot for all true lovers to admire, 'mire, 'mire; for all true lovers to admire." Traditions of Ruby Stirling's trance still linger about Millport. You may yet hear how she tried to move, bat could not; how Brotherton let Hiram Dixon do his worst in order to test the effect of a shock, and how he took her away after their marriage, keeping Hiram Dixon utterly remote from herself and her son thenceforward. A high school building to-day occupies the hill where the eld house stood, and Ruby's unpleasant stepfather has lain for yearefrost locked and grass-bound, in the outgrown grave-yard, his wife—presumably with her sun bonnet over her eyes—beside him. The railroad and telephone connect MSilport with all the world, and the town can hardly bs lieve such tales told of its early youth. 