? The rain had come so suddenly that the .^jQpunSess Elsa ^rcon - could not possibly, |:£yenby"putfcii^ spurs to her horse, reach > Castle Lancut before she was wet •ough ^d through, so she and her old obin,Jolm Brim, drew rein under ihe >iiercodiere oi adilipated building, that i uninhabited as well. The countess jfrojii lier Iiorse,Baying: v-fiere; issheAter, at | least, John. Is ot this one of ouxfarm : houEes ? . Put up eWrses, and <we will wMfc in one of the i^idrMe^niitopasB." Your ladyslnp forgets-—-" shot up?" ; juiro^thecountess, how half-way up. the " Not shut up; but your ladyship knows ie a week and yoiir ladyEhip bias re&^&etn;/bne of jrbnr faixn-bLOiisra for • it this pneTT lauglied iiie jouteray aald ^as ^ie latopked at tJie door ithi^^ Man JBe.~wa| tail,-slender, built m^j'iffiej^i^nificalidn " he 6isek Mais, in Sgiirejistrei^tii, and l^/'jmt withal £0 deadly 'that ^^iflde^fcoifid xrotdtwide whether liis \- ^as - greater' tiian MB singular: eidaim^," as he taw" Sua' "" v - ' • •"'; lEtsamfeio'.Stg : ;-foi? admis^on. The , yoa.STQ give jne «nd ihdl^er from the stonn 7' irpoin :good ah® ^ found ^ was'a chaps of xi^^casai, gldvi^jcraTats, .e wiiidowat the howiing keep us for a couple of 'she remaned, "Will £3sa;Axcdx^ of gnawed Jjpolitely,^^feut inth In-. pilfsMli ^ ^ ...rfito'itfit ^iii^t^inaHMaiiB^i^^ unnaJurd pdlor, and as jf with s^S^ cpldl And -as jWes rested on b^r lie eeeinedto fear ^\\!ovely as^•jd^Meai-;.''He bdxayed _ a_idd.en. duicompoeipej and cauglit at his l^^^aixt las one ^does ndi^i overcome by ien tercor>mr Buddeh grief. But the lasted. (scarcely a second, and ianu&l; such a conversation as' ^,_ y followB a first meeting. Shek^^aiiced ^out of the window again, axid | i|i|i^Jied- t5ie effects of the storm with an J^^aBtjBthterest. ; l&^'f^SJoes'not i3ie beauty in :dl tiiis wild- IljheCTlmpreasyou deeply ?"sheasted. • ie said ; and again fihe noticed jHie'temble quiet of mdifferance in him, IfiSjB if lie were Bfcrange tb tM world and the rlwoiid to him j as^if he could feel neither 11-joy nor sorrow; as if he were a handsome, r : {>owerful automaton, in whose face his r> roaker bad f<fl^otten to pnt a touch of l v living cojot No ; I see nature's beauty and .wildiiess, but I can not say they im- " Yori -are fortunate," said tire lady, |>"slbwly. "flow comfortable it most be for you." •r ^Do you think so ?" lie replied, staring atlihe raging storm; then, with' apparent j ^ffortj .he turned to Ms fair guest. " I l ^^ disgraeefuny negligent; let me draw l-^^ofa to the window." '•"Wo, thank you ;Jaaaa little cold." "-"Cour iabit is damp. What can I l-flor ' v " Give me a cigarette. 1 ' •" I am sorry that I have only Virginia, my Cossadk, shall get you some IsSxjbaccoaiid rice-paper." I ""Would yon Irate liim drown on .the Iffiny ?" criedthe coqntess. fe-. "" But yon can not smoke Virginia." I j, "I hope not. Do you take me for a ••Ssorporal f" slie cried, with her own pretty j '^ivacity. " I only wonder at you smoking |^|uch poison." " Jon are a cpn&oiaseur;," "I have tried all kinds. My father was an iiiveterate smoker, and my liusband, General Arcon, was ill for fiveyears before his. death, and I was his only nurse. I learned to know my cigarette well during those long nights of watching and waiting, in the close,. bad atmosphere of a sickroom." She spoke simply, and Sternfeld threw her a glance that seemed to ask pardon for an injustice done her in his thoughts. " But you have tea and a samovar, I see," she added ; " will you give me a cup of tea ? You see I invite myself." I will make it for you, countess." " What 1 an officer make tea, with a lady, in the room!" laughed the pretty, woman, taking the old Chinese tea-caddy and the samcvar into her own hands. " Bezerdyi belongs to your' regiment, I believe. He used to be in the Uhlans, and is a son of Field-Marshal Bezerdyi, is he not ?" " You know everything, countess." ", Oh, you wonder that I am jvell versed in army matters. You must remember that I am a soldier's daughter and a soldier's widow. Otherwise I should not have flown so straight' to a soldier for shelter from the storm," »h:e finishedwith a smile. There was pricte and dignity in her smile, childlike as her eyes were. They drank their tea, the clouds broke away, and the countess rose to go. "Thank you," she said, as she gave him her hand, " and do not let.me remain your debtor long. ; You are invited to come as a friend to Castle Lancut. I and my aunt, the Countess Odescali, will be delighted to see you. Will you come He bent his ha&dsome; head. ' "Your permission is an honor. Our major, CoiintLettrwitz, will shortly wait upon you with his officers. " "ChixA-byej fcheii. I shall reach Lancut sin sunshine." ' • Ajs $he rode away two officers. met her and bbwed. One was the captain Count Linski, a tall, slfender man, with a projecting chin; the. other was Count ijobski, ugly, and small, with freckles^ red hair,- and little, &lse;, grey eyes. : Look, that 5s ,;flie countess from the castle," said Linski - " She was talking with Sternfeld. " How-did Sternfeld, -who is an iceberg, get mixed up"— ' The ugly litSe red-head smiled maliciously. "Sternfeld and a love-affiair J 3 ' he said, scornfully. " Npt so impossible," returned Captain Linski. "Will you go with me and speak to him?" ' - " . "To Sternfeld? No!" said the little count, sharply, and the Captain went alone." '• • . . ... - . . 5 • Ypu have.-had a visitor I see,"liesaid> < as he entered Hie Toom. l Lom knpwB, such a piece of feinniiy makes a bachelor's den moie hjomerlike, even if she is -gone. Tie tea is hot still. Yes; iihanks. It was the Counters Arcon. Have you known her long; ? Or is she a relative?" . I saw her Ibd-day. for the first time," answered Sternfeld, in his indifferent manner. "The rain drove her in."' "You'lucky'dog! Then you will not be sorry-when the major takes us all tp call upon her, to morrow. She must be a peculmr creature. . Scandal has never breathed her'name. $he nursed an old husband on his' deathjied^ vegetates here a hajf idiotic old .auntj plays the piano magnificently; and will hot hear of a suitor. What is she like ?" / I really did not notice her," said Sternfeld, in his lifeless way. The major and five of his "officers made their visit to Castle Lancut. The Countess Elsa and . her. aunt Odescali rece them' charmingly.- The CountesB Oiiescali was ssu^ely more than a crgtm who always smiled and. ate, "but she was a sort of a chaperon for the young widow, and, with" the exception of the nercs retinue' of servanfe they were the sole occupants of the castlel . • ' " As a widow," said the Countess Ebui in farewell, I have no reception day, but I hope/whenever yoii v are riding ?by you will .come in for half an hour when you ha.ye the time to fepare-i-and as many of you together ^ possible." ' .There was a} cnatfriifig air of command about hier last words. As a soldier's daughte'r and a hostess, she wished to be on good terms with all the officers but to none intimately. When they were gone she said to her aunt: 4 ,'" Well, 1 dear Mona, how do you lie them ?" ; But she did not ask the qu^tion for the sake .of any answer, for Madame OdeBcali's liveliest meanB of expression was an eternsd, 'gentle smile. - She w^is tafbrted liyhej cheerful young "niece like a <pbor.piphan.child, .,and .-6hp Countess give liec inonblc^ues an -^^i^i^nt c&re; much for the major, Yon like th^,t s loiig Count I^iski lhe best; he is nipt handsome, and ie. seems to have a wicked tongue, ~bu£ he has some sense, you think. - Bezerdyi is a nice boy; yes* you are right! But I cannot endure that hideous Count Dobski, nor you ^either, aunt' He has never done us any harm, but we understand now the proverb : 1 Red hair care.' All in all, we are raging, are we not, aunt ? Isn't it shameful that he did not come ? It is unpardonable! Of course, the major said to them: Gentlemen, we must pay our respects to the countess on whose estate we are stationed, and she will invite us to dinner on sundays.' So they all came except him. I care nothing about it, but it would have been polite to return the visit I was forced to make him." The Countess supposed that Aunt Odescali, as usual, heard little and understood less, So,she started when the Odescali, opening lier heavy mouth a little wider, said, thickly: "Who?" " The man who gave me shelter in the rain. How do I know what is name is ? " "He "is count?" "No." > " Is he handsome ?" "No." " Wliat is he, then ?" " Rude Tsaid the countess with flushed cheeks, then she laughed, and added: What silly things we are to get so angry, Mona." Aunt Mona smiled, as usuaL The countess did her duty ; She Invited the Officers who had visited her to dine at Lancut. The dinners passed off as such dinners do. They told military anecdotes, talked politics, paid a few compliments to the lady of - the house, ate, drank and felt completely at ease. In one of the anecdotes Lieutenant Sternfeld's name came up. " You know him, Countess?" interrupted Captain Linski, involuntary. j "He is a member of your regiment whq gave me shelter in the last rain-storm,' said the countess tranquilly. "Why wi he not with you when you called ?" '" Oh." cried Dobski, shrilly, " Sternfeld is a little toque. He is a misanthrope of the deepest hue. You must not measure him by the rules of society. Have you not seen lliim ? He is as white as the vail. I believe' he eats lucifer matches." Linski gave the little man a contemptuous glance, and, in his deepest voice, said to the countess: " In fact Sternfeld is shy. He used to be more sociable, but for the last six months he has apparently been ailing. Yet he is one of the bravest officers in the army — a man of honor through and through, and a hero." " Until he had that rencontre with Prince Teko, in Vienna, about a danseuse of the worse reputation," cried Dobski. "The advantage was all on Sternfeld's side, count," said Linski, raising hisvoice, "and you axe the last person to refer to the affair, for the sake of your friend Prince Teko." " Geittlemen," said the countess in a mocking voice, and a haughty face, '' you are disputing about the right and' wrong of a man in whom I have not the slightest interest. Pray finish your former story." And when her guests had left her, Countess Elsa, who had talked, laughed, and played her best, leaned her lovely head on Aunt Mora's shoulder as if deathly weary, and said, faintly: " It has been a stupid day, Mona. For a danseuse, they said, and he 'lookB like Byron in his sorrow. I was very silly, Mona. Heaven be .praised, I am cured." Aunt Mona smiled and stroked the cheek of her niece, who in that instant buried a something as yet formless and nameless in her stillest souL So tlie summer passed away. The countess passed her days, as formerly, at the piano, or with her embroidery, in monologues with Aunt Mona, or receiving visits from the officers or from the ladies of the neighborhood... She was naturally too proud ever again to mention Lieutenant Sternfeld's name, and she had probably quite forgotten him, as it never appeared in her monologue with her aunt. But one chance threw her with him. It was on the highroad. A lovely summer day was changing into a disagreeable aftefaiopn of angry wind and 4ust. The Countess Elsa was sitting in a little pavilion' at the park gates, where, she had brought her work, and now she rose and leaned ;r the balustrade to watch a little caravan th^t was being swept along the road. It consisted of a bearded Italian carrying a little child on his back; beside him-ran a little boy with three pots, end a tiny girl wrapped in a coarse cloth, like a fic&xecrow;,and the rear was brought up by a young man with a bass viol, a violin, and a bundle of clothes.- They trotted by, poof children of the south, driven forward by the raw wind of the north, and the Countess Elsa's eyes followed them with the ehadow of teais. One more came after; but no, hie did not belong to them, • this Iball man in the faultless military cloak, and^p puUed far dpwn over his brows. His eyes and" hers met so directly that he could not but pause and bow. : < Did you see the poor people?" she asked, ak she leaned over the railing. .The pale officer near^d the gates and rested one foot on the lower step of her paviUony but she did nbt invite Mm in. 1 ' Poor ^people'?" he - inquired, as if astonished.' " I saw none." Qh, : you are top in the clouds 1" cried the toiintdss. > : They were just in front of you, and at first'I took you for one of £hei&.''. He did not'smile. Such a thing seemed impossible for his quiet features. . " ph, you .mean the Italian musicians. Why do you catll.them poor? They are two, 5 they have children with them. I call them rich. What does your tender heait find to pity In them ?" " : There was slight irony ni his tone, not thatjof a dedre to wound, but that which sprmgB from a bitterly roused heart. "Do yod not' jee that they ; have no moth'er,and nohome?" cried the countess." "Home? Why,they have the loveliest in the world—Italy.^ "Italy 1" she fixclaim ed, angrily. " Every man his ihe land^of his birth, 1 supTOse. But these ,popr people must wander, wander, w^uder among strangers, <nisunder8ttk)d, eaiiung : t3ieir bread from day ito day, never jseein^ the next step before going to their Italy with gray hair and weary hekrts, and knowing thati she" inay : grudge ' them even their And there are people who never may hope, to see their native, land again, counters,answered the pale officer, sharply. " There are many quite respectable people who| wander among straaigerBi sfaunmeanfe ^ther ;to^e>' jpr pown quite duinb, 1 she ^ad; ^but the storm is tod T arn-growing cold. Good iK^ fehe bowed and vanished from the pavilion. - \ He pursued his homeward way against ^ d', bufc once he stood stiff and looked back. . "She must hate me," he said to himself ; and why ?' Then as he walkedhe murmured, i*Is it. worth while?" And when he reached home he said to hiiCossapk: " ^layout my-^ade things tomorrow. I shall make a visit" The Countess Arcon was on the point t ^ ^ t ^ ° f he r field » w hen she heard the beU announcing a visitor it seemed to ring like a call for help in the ears of the mistress.: "Poor.Aunt Odescali and poor visitor," she murmured, and turned back from the hedge-gate to the front steps. There she found Lieutenant Sternfeld. She bowed, but stood stall instead of entering the house. The beauty of the day might be her excuse, though her raceptionwls not cordial. He stood before her as before his general] and said, ceremoniously * ' Madame la comtesse, I Have come to pay you my respects; How beautiful your park is i It was a beginning, and they walked together along the gravelled path and Mound the fountain iii front of the house He answered more than he talked but she felt conversational with him in spite of herself. She showed him the two pavilions that her husband's parents had built, and spoke of her own childish fancies. " Yes " he replied, " youth is irrepressible. It is past and gone, and we give it up, but it always seems to be standing behind us. to keep a soft hand on our shoulder, and its sweet mouth savs «Thank God for me.'" 3 ' f'Ah, I like you now!" cried Elsa; "you would look on those poor musicians of yestqrday with different eyes to-day. You are one of those people on whom the weather has a great influence, like plants." " Do you think so, countess ?" he an swered, with a «ad glimmer of a smile. But it was a smile. "I thinly you are mistaken. Every heart longs for joy and gladness,; thare is none that findspleasure in melancholy only because the weather changes. The sunshine or storm that makes our souls light or dark is within us, and not easily altered by force of will." "If- people have heavy burdens to bear," said the •countess-, " they must not isolate themselves ; they must seek cheerful people and try to lead a cheerful life, else they will find existence poor and wreitched." "Do you mean, me ? " he asked, softly. "Yes" she returned, heartily. Pardon me, 1 but I think you are a little unsympathetic and unsociable. Of course it conserns no one, least of all a woman; but : Iamnot a woman — I am a neighbour." He answered her smile, and there was something like gratitude in his glance and the! light that came' into his face like a winter sun on a snow-field. " Have you never heard, countess," he asked, slowly, "of a woman who in a time of epidemic avoided her own child} and'shut the door on her weeping treasure' ?—who died alone, without a hand to wipe the death-damp from her brow, that she imight save her child of infection ? Or say 'that a man knows he is poisoned through and through—that the touch of his hand, the breath of his lips will bring his own enrse on others—will he not say to those - who love him, 'Back'.? Or, rather, will he not avoid every opportunity-to love, when he knows that his love will bring destruction to its object ? Or, take a wretched vagrant on whom rests the burse of some crime, and who expects every day to feel the hand of ignominy on 1 his shoulder; let some loving being — a friend, a wife, a brother—open the door of a home to him on his weary march, warm as the hearth may glow, soft as the lamp may burn, lovingly as the lips may smile, will he enter to bring his curse across that threshold ? No !" "Perhaps not" said Elsie Arcon ; "but what courage, to be wretched, dying, and to push away, the hand that would succor! Butl where have'you learned that drery way of looking at life.? Is not this earth beatitiful ? Look at the roses.' See *how the feunsends pearly lights across the spray in the -fountain. Is it not glorious ? Is it not bliss to be alive ?" Who could say no to you?" lie answered with shining eyes and' a faint trexiuloHsness of the lip. " You fill every one that hears you with your joy in life. It is a' blessed gift, and one that scatters blessings. Cod protect you from all sadness'!" She blushed, but without embarrassment, and their eyes met. When the glance of two pure and noble soulB .meet andihold each other, a moment of restful pauie from the storm, of life comes* to bom, even if what the world 'call. love, newr has existed between them and never is xoleiiBt. She only thought how glad she ivas that at last he seemed happy. Suddenly something' seemed to separate himifrom her," as if a horrible recollection Swept o ver his souL He turned ^deadly pale} his mouth grew distorted, but only for A second; then " he regained hiB selfconttol, the terrible quiet that she had just|succeeded in breaking. Spirits inay loos so when they hover over the cradle of an ojrphan child and hear the cock crow, t quite forgot," he said, presently, jt I am under orders to-day, and must go back. Pardon me for having trespassed on ypur time so long, madame. .. Had she dreamed that this apathetic Btatiie that spoke so mechanically and moved so wearily had been but a moment before a..thinking, feeling -human being? No. | As she looked after him, Elsa said to herself that he was n6 misanthrope, he was hot unfeeling, he was only mortally tiredl He had a heart. A few days afterward there was a fur in one of the great market towns, and Elsa|ArcopL, with her Aunt Odescali and eight o* ten friends from the neighboring estates, dioye over in a party to look on. Late' in the afternoon', they iset out for home, but tlie evening was so lovely that it seferiied a pity to separate, and what pleasknter than to accept the invitation of'ttie pretty Countess Arcon, asd have supper and spend the night at Castle Lancut? Afier supper, as the moonlight was brilliant} they all went out on the terrace, where the night air was heavy with the perfume of flowers. . " It is juBt .the hour, to listen to spmeth'ngf thnljing,", said one of—the ladies. " Who kno ws a ghost story ?" a murderstory ?" said another, 'on always' have a story ; zieady, Dobski," cried one of the • men; to the ed little count, the .'only .office* J#*sefat.. . '•' " V Yes, I knowastoiy, bnt not|the sort you 4rant. " It' is irue, thoflgh'; I Have it on (he best of authority." "Oh,: tell it! When did it happen? • Do; wjs know the heroine ?" "That I can not say, but it happened about? a week ago in Paris. The tody's name' was Felice Frafaois. Her father was a'general in the cavalry, and she was out of boarding-school. The old general, though he was much beloved by the army, was rfeaily. rather a common sort of adventurer.' Ae was extravogant to the last degree, guzzled champagne at breakfast, and liia wife was a milliner's doll, and nothing more. So he went on making debts, ; though lie knew he never could pay, and every one lent because he gave his word of honor. But a day came when he must either break his word or go to the Jews. Well, he had a friend, an old man, who said to him: 'I will pay your debts on condition, that you sell me your daughter—I bfeg pardon—I mean that she wilTmarry me.' So the father spoke to his daughter, and she clung to the old man with both hands, and to secure silk dresses and diamonds for life she sold herself like a bale'of goods." .. , "Is that all the story ?" said a Polish count. "There is nothing unusual in that." ,,.. • „ " Yes," grinned Count Dobski, " it is a very simple story, but suppose the heroine were one of our friends !" . , ,, ' " Oh, it is too disgraceful! cried the la < At; S iast the moon set, and they separated for the night. As Dobski kissed Ins hostess's hand, s3ie said: . "Thank you, count, for entertaining my guests so kindly when I was tired. . " Oh, countess, you flatter me, lie answered, modstly. But if he had seen her heart he Tould have trembled, remorseless as he was. Early the next morning the guests assembled lor breakfast and departure. The lady of tie house sent her excuses She had caujlit cold on tlie terrace, and was unable x> appear. After the guests were gone, Aunt Mona knocked at the door until sle opened it. Here eyes were red^ with sleeplessness or crying, as she said: "A little headache, auntie. I am* better,' thank youJ" Then she went back to her/chair, and sat down with her head in her hands, supposing her smiling aunt would go away. But suddenly she felt' AuntfMona's hand on her shoulder, ar& heard he say: " Elsa, I will tell you what is the matter. Will pou listen?" Elfa stared at her. The stereotyped smilf had, gbfus from her face, and her eyes wew dim with tears; and she spoke distinctly, thcragh slow and heavily: ''You wonder to hear me talk, and to kn<jfw that I can think, A veil seemed to f®^ frommy mind not long ago, and my head began to live again. But it was hasd for me to talk, so I kept still, and 1 heard people say such evil things, that I did not care to open my mouth to them. Bat you never laughed at me, Elsa, and I must speak to you, for you are unhappy. That foul-mouthed man wounded you to the heart yesterday, and you are alone. | canonly comfort you, not help you ; you inuBfc find a friend to do that. You have j>ne in your heart, and he is brave, but you would never call him, so I have sent for ! him, and he will be here to- day- Who lis he, do you ask? Could I mean any one i but the man who this moment is riding to your door?" And she pointed to the window, and the man that Elsa Arcon saw was Lieutenant Sternfeld. She went dpwn jbo- receive him, and motioned him to sitbeside her. He said, in his; weary yet courteous way, that she had sent for him, and that he had come to know in what way he could be of service to her. She tried to answer with coldness and pride, but she' looked at him and trusted him. " Pardon nry sending for you," die answered ; "I/ieed a friend." " Wlio has more friends than the Countess Arcon?" Friends who would like to be suitors. Do you think one of the men who come to myjhouse, if >I called on them in this way, would not fed justified in taking advantage of it? F»r that reason I sent for yoii" "Former "Yes; because you are indifferent.to me ;as a womanj because you are indifferent to the . whole world, and because I feel that you are an. honorable man." She was almost as pale as he, as she continued : "So, in this moment of my life when I needhelp, will you be my friend ?" She' seemed rather to confer than ask a favour. " Your.friend," he murmured. "It is a simple thing that I ask you to do ;*only to read this letter from my dead fattier on the day of my marriage to General Arcon." " Countess, I cannot read your letter, I candot aceept the honor of your friendship, nor iask you to rely, on my befriending youf She rose, with rage and shame. "Because. I am hot a danseuse /" she iei|. "jYou know about ^that,?" His eyes 3re unnaturally laige,' and his lips grew v^ite as his cheeks. She was frightened at wjhat she Had said, but her pride came back. "lhave hesttd it.' "Tha .at dametae, madame la comtesse, I have never spokfen to, never even seen," he,said, with areturn of his customary indmerence to her, to the,world, to himself.] " Prince Teko was her avowed lover. Onefevening at, mess, when he . had been ; he gave an infamous description of His inamorata^ with whom, he had quelled. I did not know the woman, but jbhe thing enraged me. I told the prinee my opinion of him. That was alL" Slie drew a long breath. "Can you ^ ardW me ? I was hurt at you refusing t* defend me. And so the thing blew over]?" His lips formed the word " ^es." "and you fo^ive me?" f for what?" " | was afraid l had wounded you," she said,| almost shyly. made no 'answer, only took the Tettei - , and said i am to read'this?" ^pupleaw." . ' as follows: IT DEABLTC BEIJOVED ELSA: Will you,, inde4d, take thii stop ? Think that he is an old man, and you are "still almost a cliildj . True,. he once did me a great service,'and spaied me % deep sor«>w, byit was not my old mend apd companion in arjns? Nowthatbe is sick and alone he needs care, you say, and you will pay my moral debt aiidiett^r your young life toa sick old man. 4>otffc doit Elsa, 1 imjplore you. \ 'Arcon is so longer ridi, and we are wealthy once, more. . Wei Will make him his piide^ ^aiuti iioteyj&rii;^rh your selfrBswri- &ce.; ' • } t o say 'no, Elsa: "Lwasan overstrung, eccentric girl,' said falsa, as he finished, "but I have never regretted my step. I gave my father's benefactor a happy old age. The World; judges only by' appearances, and yesteiday a wicked man said wicked things of me' to my face, without naming names. But How often will he name that at mess and fn gossiping visits? So all I ask is that a friend who is not a lover shall say with Authority, ' It is not true.' Wiflyou say that ?" " What do you require of me, countess? he exclaimed. " If you only knew!" " What do I require !" she cried, in a stifled voice. " Is it so much ? Am I not worth even a word ?" "Yes," he groaned. " You must not speak so. You are tearing my heart. out. Pardon me for leaving you, countess—I am ilL You sli^ll learn whether I can be your friend or undertake this mission, but not now." His words rang in her ears, but he was gone. ' . * .* * * * * LIEUTENANT SWEKNFELD IO THE COUNTESS ARCON. "MADABIE LA COMTESSE: I do not know what I am to' say to you in this letter^ I only know that I must tell you all that straggles in me. You will take these words for what they are, the cry of a heart that would give the last drop of its blood to spare you a sad moment, to win a smile from you, to linger for an hour by your side. I am youiig, my heart is full to overflowing, and I shall never see you again. From the moment that you read these lines I shall have vanished from the world for you. Do not be angry that I dared not accept the honor of being your brother. My unhappy fate forbids me to live with life, to count upon tomorrow. But one thing it does not forbid—the courage and the power to tell you tliat 1 love you with the first, holiest, and oh, indeed, the last love of my heart. I love you, with every fibre of my being, with every thought of my soul, with every pulse of my body that in a few moments is to moulder in the gra ve, where it has long been due. I love you unutterably. God *. bless * you. * Farewell * forever. * * S." A starless niglit hung over the Lancut estates, oppressive, damp darkness, through wliich a woman knocked at the lonelyfarm-house jvhere LieutenantStprnfeld lived. The door was opened by the man himself, with a light in his hand. She entered; her old servant," John Drim, stood on the steps outside. The Oountess Elsa Arcon pushed back tlie hood of her waterproof and said, as she stood within the threshold : . . > ! Lieutenant Sternfeld, you are a wicked man." He placed his light on the window-Bill with trembling fingers,only saying: "You • hero, countess?" and then stood with folded hands before lier, as if she were a saint. But she looked at him with breathless anger. " You terrrified me to 1 death by your letter. Heaven be praised, you are here." " Yon were alarmed about me ?" " Yes she answered, honestly, though the glance she gave him was indescribable in its reproach and pride; " now it is over. I was alarmed about a human being in deep distress. I was stupid enough for that. No one ever cared formy grief." He caught her hand tod held her from going. • .. * "Elsa, do not leave me!" He cried. I told you that I was wretehed, and you"— "I only wished to tell yen to be brave," she struck in. " You have a wife you do not love, or you are in love with Bome one you cannot marry, and you whimper like a child. * Is that manly ?" "Love anyone but you? I can bear it no longer in this last hour when I must return to the grave in which I have been lying for a year. Elsa, I dared not take or return lovfe, because—I am a dead man!" ' She took a sudden step backwards and stared at him as if he 'was .mad. " Fes/" he continued, with his eyes fixed despairingly on her face; "Have you never felt it 2 listen. I am only ia. ghost; to.morrow'ssun must not see me on earth. Do you think I am mad ? Listen. My parents were poor; I was always lonely and ambitious, and I would not dissipate my youth as other men do in my profession. 1 told you of 'my quarrel with Prince Teko. A duel naturaily Allowed, but our colonel interfered and it was stopped, at least apparently; not really, however. . As we could not fight openly, we arranged a secret dueL We drew lots in the presence of two witnesses, Dobski- and Ttinaki. The one on whom the lot fell was to die by his own hand before the end of a year. It fell on me, and to-morrow is my last day. Why should I not have died' before? I could take care of my mother so much the longer; and I Kved so littl* always working for my fortune. So J have, lived my yeair, but how! Day by day, hour by hour, death crept towards me. I dared bind myself to no one: I must stamp out all longing for life and leve. Then you came into my life, and I loved you. saw heaven, and dared not stretch out my hand to ward it; I saw the highest blessing of lifeheldout tp me,and had to daak.it from my thirsting lips. I must die—and you stand before me the image of the beauty, glory, and blessedness of life, hopelessly lost to me." His eyes closed, and he fell full length before her, catching a fold of her dress in his fall., She sank beside him, took him in her arms, and begged him, as if beside herself to say it,was not true; she cried that she loved liim, and how was it pos sible for him to die when they could be happy ? "It is well I took the poison before you came," he said, at last; "now I should not have the courage." His eyes did not close again, but rested on her face with an expression of unspeakable love. She-saw the end was near, and neither' spoke nor moved.' Her lips received Ms last breath. \- The whole corps was at first horrified at the "legitimate" suicide of a brave com' rade, who an hour before his death had written to the colonel setting forth the reason, but they all declared he could not have done otherwise. The Countess Elsa Arcon withdrew with" her poor aunt to some quiet Italian baths. ' The' great world thought the • countess wak acting nobly in tending her poor imbecile relative. They did not know it was the relative who was nursing a dying woman. , For when the Spring came Elsa went out of life as a flame goes out. A maiadit de languer, said the physicians. v • She was buried in. the . sweet , Italian . convent ^wMch-she had endowed with her fprttme, and in -Which Aunt Mona lingered . out her' last "days, without a word and without a smile. — Translated from the jSerman of E. M. Vacano by Helen Lake. 