THE CAPTAIN;S COXSWAIN. Haze and darkness hung about the rivermouth, while a lurid patch of light, where the sun was invisibly setting, brought into sudden prominence the little low-lying spit j of land with the tall masts of theships of war; the old hulks sullen and motionless; the cluster of houses,. with the gaunt-looking forts, and the clouds of white stoam from the funnels of the great armour-clad Terrible, as she lay slowly forging shead against the incoming tide. Every- pulse in the huge leviathan had begun to throb, the men were at their stations, the engines slowly moving; but still it seemed as if the great ship were hesitating to plunge into the cold sea mist and the rising surges that wore before her. A group, composed of women chiefly, •with an old boatman or two among them, were gathered at the pier-head, and watche;l eveiy movement on board the ship with interest, recognising every now and thon some familiar from among the group of seamen gathered on the forecastle. "There's Jack—bless him! Tommy, shake your hand at daddy. He sees us— bless his heart!" And Tommy was almost dropped into the water, in his mother's anxiety that he should be well in evidence before tho ciew of the Terrible. Why the ship thus dallied over tho paring, so painful to many botli on board and ashore, was quite evident to tho onlookers. The captain's gig still lay by tho stairs, bobbing, rolling, and ducking in the unquiet waters, while the smart man-o'-war's men who manned her, lounged easilyou their seats. They, as it happened, all hailed from distant parts, and had no friends or relations on shore with whom to exchange last words—all but the coxswaiD, that is, a dark, handsome young fellow, who was standing under the lee of the round-house on the pier, a little apart from tho rest. Tom Brettle, the coxswain of the captain's gig, was as nearly unrqanned as such a fine manly fellow could be. He was holding his wife's two hands in a firm and fervid'grasp, as in tones'which he tried hard, but. .not ..vejy .successfully, to make firm and coherent, he poured into her ears his last parting words. The pair had not been long married, and Tom thought it the h'ardest thing in the world that lie should have to leave his little wife, on whom lie looked with an almost reverent affection. Her cleverness, her pretty ways, her organising power, were to him a matter of perpetual wonder and admiration. And now they would not meet again perhaps for years, and who could say what might not happen in the interval! As for the wife—who was young and rather good-looking, with features of a sharp, vivacious cast—although there were tears in her eyes, and her face was white and wan, yet she retained more composure than her husband. " Mow, you must write to me every week, Tom," she said, " and the time won't seem so long after all, perhaps." " It feels like for ever, Penny," groaned Tom. " My girl, I can't bear it! I shall desert at the first port we touch at, and come back to thee." "Don'ttalk nonsense, Tom!" rejoined his wife; "you don't mean it." In another moment Tom hid given his wife a hurried, passionate embrace, and had leaped into his place in the captain's gig. The-captain himself was to bo seen hurrying towards tho pier-head, and presently he took his seat, and tho boat rapidly cut through the rough water till she reached the" "ship, when in a few moments she seemed to become absorbed in a groat mass, swinging quietly on hor davits, out of the way. Penelope could make out hor husband's figure for a moment as he appeared in the rigging. Ihen a few wafts of white smoke rolled ,° m of the B V h iP. before the echo had died away in the distance, the lerrtble was steaming away on her voyage, to 8ight in ths Penelope turned away with a shiver and a elgh, and as the group of spectators f0ll0Wed ln tho S e t l ^ ' ^ Jt1?u tbB town Juat - of then the S i ® dead walls, iU guard- houses and grog shops, was all of a <T « dark and sombre massof workmen, who tramped along ohatT UD J r0k^ C0lamn that 6 <^m0d this Z " n Thero wa ?,: 3 »o escape from this army on the march, for the wav Win, Z l ^ l and between else Penelope with swollen eyes and white Sad fac e ' wouW gl^Iy have Jscaped o W vation. Presently she was overtaken by a middle-aged workman, who unceremoniously nudged her elbow. " Hallo ! what, he's gone then ? Well, you see what comes for marrying a sailor." " Oh, it's you, Mr. Ames, is it," reoined Penelope, who had turned round sharply at the brusque address. But this was Tom's brother-in-law, the husband of his sister Mary, with whom the young couple had taken up their quarters. And William Amos was an easy-going, good-tempered man, whom Penelope rather liked, although, secretly, she despised hiin a little fir giving way to his wife in everything. Now, between Mrs. Ames and Penelope thoro was very little love lost. In former days, when Tom was a bachelor, in his sailor-like, free-hearted way lie had been very generous to his sister and her household. Coming home from foreign service with three or four years' pay to draw, and finding his sister Mary a good deal behindhand and over-burdened witli a lot of young children, Tom had come to the rescue with his spare cash. The youngsters had all been re-clothed in the smartest sailor suits, whose melancholy remains stiil clung about tho youngest of the family, and the little shop, whose profits were supposed to eke out the wages of the dockyardsman, was put on a more satisfactory footing. Tom had no thought of marrying at this time; " a sailor's wife should be his ship," he used to say. Besides, as a proud and rather sensitive young follow, he was not attracted by the young women who are to be found among the resorts of seamen. And then, one day, having taken a letter from his captain to the port-admiral, he had seen Penelope, who was the orphan daughter of ail old nuirtermister who had long served with Admiral Blake. Now, Penelope ha 1 been brought up in tne Admiral's family, a friend and companion rather than a mere servant, and Tom really thought that she was one of tlie ladies of tho house when he handed her his dispatch. But Penelope placed herself on a proper footing with him so prettily and gracefully, and was so kind and pleasant, that Tom fell over head and ears in love at this first interview; while so handsome and genteel was Tom in his smart dress, and with his dark expressive eyes, that Penelope could think of nothing else but his good looks till she saw him again. Very soon Penelope demurely apprised the Admiral .that alio was going to be married; upon which her master flew into a great rage. Of all ungrateful and thankless hussies, he declared Penelope to be the worst. She had grown essential to his comfort, had come to know all his ways, and now, after all tho trouble of bringing her up, she would abandon the family to marry a seaman. Lady Blake and the girls were more reasonable, but they were sadly grieved to lose a girl who could make and alter dresses so nicely, and was always useful without being presuming. The Admiral did not relent; ho could be generous enough to those immediately about him; but when it came to deserting the ship, as ho termed it, he had no forgiveness for tho culprit. In his position he might have helped the young couple by pushing Tom along the thorny road of pro- motion,.or have got him some appointment that would have kept him ashore. But no; he took m more mtice of Penelope, and meeting her one dtiy, soon af-er her marriage, ho looked sternly over her head and passed on. But in 6pite of all this Penelope had been happy enough, for it was so much to feel that she had somebody to care for hor, somebody whose lifo was wrapped up in hers, for Tom was almost foolish in his adoration of his little wife. And they had a pleasant room all to themselves at Mrs. Ames's house—an upper room, from which they had a glimpse of the harbor and dockyards, and the broad river with its busy traffic. Tom had told her, in the last days they were together, that he could picture her to himself sitting in that little room, and watching- for the ships as they rounded the headland, and that one day she would see the Terrible poking her black noso round the corner, and would hurry off to the wharf to welcome him home. But in this matter Tom had reckoned without his sister, for as Penelope and Mr. Ames reached the little house in Trueblue- street—they were all little houses at Chatness, many of them wooden and weatherboard, but too insignificant to be picturesque—well, behold over tho door was a big card, " Lodgings to let, with full view of the sea." " Hollo !" cried Mr. Ames, " Mary's been sharp !" And, in- deed, on reaching her old room Penelope found all her things cleared away, and the room in that state of rigid discomfort that showed it was prepared for visitors. And on the stairs was Sister Mary herself, ready to do battle—for it could never be said that she shrank from the combat. There was her least defect. But Penelope did not feel equal to the occasion, but terribly sad and lonely, and only anxious to hide herself somewhere to give way to her grief. " Yes, Mrs. Brettle," began the other, " I've had your things put in the top room, seeing as I can't afford to stand out of my letting any loDger for the best room." Now, Tom's notion had been that, in consideration of the money his sister had received from him at various times, amounting to £50 or so, she would keep that room for his wife till other arrangements could be made. And when Tom hid suggested this to his sister, she had appeared to acquiesce. And now the moment that Tom was out of the way, this was how she treated her guest. For the upstairs room was a miserable garj ret under the tiles, reached hy a step-ladder. However, Penelope gallantly climbed her ladder, and hid herself in the little cockloft, and did not appear any more to human eyes that day. But next morning Penelope was able to face the situation. She had felt from the fir=t that her position with the Ames family was quite untenable. It had cheered Tom's last moments on shore to bo persuaded that bis wife's immediate future was to be provided for. But with poor, struggling people like tho Ames family, it was hardly likely that they would care to keep an unprofitable lodger, eveu to cancel a long-f.jrgotten debt. And if Tom's £50 had over been put into the busiues-i, it certainly was not there now. Indeed, the business seemed to Penelope to be little more than tho ghost of on.\ When thero wa-i a customer in the sliop, Mr* Ames would be chasing her children. When these last wero unable to go to i-chool by reason of their ragged garments, " Ho can I mend their tilings whin thue is that shop always to hn «t!enclel to!" Mrs. Ames woul 1 dc:mu 1 in an aggrieved manner. And yet to a-*' up f..r liers-lf nn the "mall monthly pittanCH i iia. ciwi • f oji licr li i band's pay, Penelope folt would lie a dangerons experiment. What kind of people would she be thrown amongst in her poverty among the cheap lodging-houses of a seaport town ? Her inmate delicacy of mind recoiled from such contact, and yet what better prospect was there before her ? But, anyhow, the cockloft with the accompaniment of Sister Mary's constant reproaches would soon be unendurable. Aud then what could Penelope do I The day was fine, aud to avoid Mrs. AmeB's tongue aud the deafening noise and quarrels of tlio children, Penelopi made her way to tho b'ach—time is ; seashore at Chatness, a liirrow strip between a fort and a sea-wall, where shells are sometimes picked up, that may possibly have been washed ashure from the ocean, or may bo simply the shells of periwinkles cast overboard by steamboat excursionists. Anyhow, thero is the beach, with its halfdozen bathing-machines, its row of benches, and -its wooden shanty calleJ the baziar, which does a fitful trade in buckets and spades for small people. But was beyond the little range of sandy dunos covered with wiry vegetation ; aud here the naval brigade had set up targets, and the sailors from the ships in port were marched down to practice with caibiue or rifle. Tho sound of firing in that direction attracted Penelope's attention, and she wandered on, hoping to see some of the !-jackets, with whom she felt as among her own clan. She camo upon the firingparty rather suddenly, the men Ijing down coucealod by some low hillocks, and waiting for some adjustment of tho targets; while the naval lieutenant in charge reclined indolently against some sand-bags screened off in a little nook where the targets wero visible, but not the men below—while ha smoked a cigirette and read a novel. But next moment cigarette and novel were thrown aside. " My dear old Penny I" cried the young officer, and in the enthusiasm of tho moment he put his arm round the young woman's waist and kissed her. " You should not do that, Mr. Paul," said Penelope with a glance of dignified reproach. " You are getting beyond such childish things now, you know." But Paul Blake—tho Admiral's son be it known, and an old playfellow of Penelope's, —did not take much notice of her now and dignified manner. " My dear Penny," he cried, " the sight of you makes m'U—J!ung again. Come, let me bo a child once more." "Ah, Mr. Paul," rejoined Penelope, turning away from him, " if you knew what trouble I am in, you would not be so un- Lieutenant Blake, seeing that his old friend was really in trouble, was serious in a moment. What had happened ? Her husband gone away on active service ? Oh, how he envied him I Here he was losing his time ac home because his mother was too nervous to be left alone, for the Admiral had gone away that very day. Ho had obtained a coinoaud in the Mediterranean ; but his wife had only permitted him to accept it on condition that Pjul should be left her. " But, oh," cried Paul, " if you would go back to her, Penny, I am sure she would not mind being left." "Oh, I couldn't," said Penelope proudly, " after what the master said, and his never taking the least notice of me ; and then I am sure he would be dreadfully angry." " Ho never need know!" cried Paul. " Oh, come back to-night with me, Penelope dear, and you'll fill poor mother's heart with joy. You know how ill she has been, delirious at times, and then she would call out for you ; and she was very good to you, Penny." " Yes, that was true; Lady Blake had been very good to her," Penelope acknowledged, and was more than throe-parts persuaded to go back. Indeed, before the targets were arrunged, and the seamen had begun to fire, she had piomised to meet young Blake at tho station, and go back to her old place. Only she must keep it from Tom, because he would be dreadfully hurt at tho thought of his wife going into service again. " Well, I'm going to leave you, Mary," said Penelope when she got back to Mrs. Ames's house. " I can see you don't want mo, so I've made up my mind to earn my own living." Mrs. Ames was a good deal put out at this intimation. Ksr brother wouid indeed be angry if he heard that his wife had been driven away from her home. " Well," she rcjoin-d tentatively, " you'll have a fi i« t ilc io tell T mi about me, I sup;ios.j 1' "Not unless you want me to, Mary," replied Penelope, who here saw a capital chance of arranging matters as she wished. " I don't want to bother Tom with our falling oat. Why should he know anything about it?" " Ah, why !'' said Mrs. Ames, who here saw a course open to her that could not possibly harm her, and might prove to her advantage. " I'm not such a scribe that I should bo writing olf to tell him this and the other." And thus it was agreed between the two women that nothing at all should be written to Tom on the subject. But Mrs. Ames was very cuiious as to Penelope's future plans, about which Penelope gave her very little enlightenment. But that same afternoon Penelope drove off with all her belongings, and Mrs. Ames dispatched her eldest son with instructions to keep his eye on Aunt Penelope till the train went off, but without letting her see him. " Aud, mother," reported the boy on his return, "she was met by a young swell— an officer he looked like. And he was awfully kind to her; and he put her into the train, and went off by it himself, only he went first, and she went third." " I expect that was a blind," said Mrs. Ames, repeating the story to her husband that night. But she was very well content to be relieved of her unprofitable inmate. (To be concluded in our next.) 