Sunday Reading*. Wonders Expected. Br the Rev. C. H. SruRGEOs. (Sequel to L*H VfctkU Sermon.) Andm?po jia sball never to asb&mal.;—3oel 1L 20. \\\f it AT a field of battle, what a Ihrooe of T f •. victory, the person of a poor child of God often becomes; Why, in ibis narrow plot of human elay, this little ITe of Han, this United Kingdom of soul and body, the powers of beavon and hell have mustered all their armies on many a day for conflict, and God ami His grace and truth have fought with Satan in oof hearts, and, blessed he God, on that battle-field God has won many a victory over the allied armies of the world, the flesli, and the devil, fn the plains of Mansoul, ifichael and his Aogels have fought against the dragon and his angels, and the old dragon has been defeated and led captive. We have been garrisoned against besieging sins, delivered by force of heavenly arms from the power of our tj&rrupfcions;, and brought forth by sovereign grace to delight in the .Lord our God. When we get to heaven we shall be "men won dered at," set for signs and wonders for ever, immortal witnesses of bonndless grace. Our God has also wrought wondroudy by some of us, fulfilling his promise, 4 the people that do know their God shall be strong and do oxploite.' His strength has been perfected in our weakness. There Ihj some among us whose lips have fed many, and yet they confess them selves to be emptiness itself; their word has brought life to the dead, yet in themselves they have 110 might; they have scattered the Hmr'a eneinie.-, although they are by nature weak as water. God's ministers a-e but trumpets of rams' horns, yet when God has blown through them the blast has made the walls of Jericho, to rock and reel, and fall even to the ground : they are but lamps enclosed in earthen pitchers, and yet by them hlidian has been routed. Glory be to the name of Jehovah our God for this. Thus you see God has done wondrously by us. Praise Him! Praise Him! Shall we pause and sing a psslxn of praise nowr Our time would fail for that; but 0, ye people, praise Him! 0, you that know His wonders, praise Him! Let the redeemed of the Lord say so, whom He hath redeemed oat of the hand of the enemy; let them sacrifice the sacrifices of thanksgiving, and ble*s the name of the Lord: 'Ye shall bless Jehovah your God, for he hath dealt wondrously with you." Let the redeemed of the Lord The wonders of His grace record; ■ How great His works! how kiod His ways! j Let every tonpne pronoance His praise. j We ought to expect wooden. Bo 70a labour this morning, any of yon, under a horrible sense of your sinfulness? Bo yon seem to yourselves to be the blackest of all un pardoned souls, the nearest to being damned already of all living beings ? Bo you think that it would be the greatest wonder that was ever wrought since the world began if you were saved r Dear brother, I have a most precious thought to drop into your ear (may the Holy Ghost drop it into your heart)—4 The Lord is a God of wonders: He only doeth wondrous things.' He delights to find in our sin and misery, room, scope, and opportunity for wonders of grace. Cast yourself upon the mercy of our matchless God, and he will make you as much a wonder of grace as you have been a wonder of gin. Possibly gome are sayinjr, ' I do not feel my sin as I should; I wish I did; I feel stupid and insensible; if I feel anything, it is only a sort of regret that I do not feel at alL* Sly dear brother, you trill be a wonder, too, & God quickens you and mikes jou tender of heart. In you, too, He finds ►cope for grace. He qoickeneth the dead. He kills and makes alive, .He wounds and .Ho heals. Cry to the Lord to make you sensitive, through His wounding and killing work. If your heart is cold as ice, ask Him to meltit, for 'Hcsendcth out HU word and melteth them.' The Lord delights to work thete transformation*. Bo you feel depressed in spirit? Have you been long so? .Are you one of those who mourn without ihe light of the sun? Would it not be a great marvel if you should become •ae of the happiest of God's people ? It would. Therefore I brlieve you will lie, for God de lights to work wonders. Out of the inner most prison He can bring His servants. He 3nade Paul and Silas sing in the inner dungeon, and then He brought them out. He can make you sing now and bring you out into clear full liberty. and that on a Midden and to-day: 4 The Lord looseth the prisoners; the Lord openeth the eyes of the blind; the Lord raieeth them that be bowed down.' The pri soners of the Lord shall not be prisoners for ever. There is a gaol delivery coming, and they shall leap for joy. If I preached a little Christ for little sinners, some of you would lw wise to go somewhere else; hut- since I have divine warrant for preaching a great Saviour for groat sinners, who is able to help us through great difficul ties, and to overcome great sine ; why, He is the very Saviour for you. 0, bless Him, and love Him, and trust Him, end he will work wonders in your spirit. Possibly I H]>eak to one who 2ms desperately bhiXcJidden. It is years ago shoe you knew tie* truth ; and you kara, by. your ibis, fastened uptn your sou* fstb-rs of iron. WWII, the l^ord whrm yon hare grieved ij full of eorr.rdH^on, and can take thofe fetters off; yea. He caq break thft Jfates of brass and cut in sunder the b&J; iron. Wonders of deliverance can the ■ work for His imprisoned children. 4 Ah,' cries anoth*V, * hut my case is merely a eommonplASo one; there is nothing remark abbs About me." My dear friend, would not it bo a wonderful thing if God were to save such a commonplace and insignificant person as you are? Well, rest in Him, trust in Him, and there shall be wonderful works wrought for you also, you shall be one of the men Won dered at, in whom God's grace eliaU be fully revealed. Let me say in one Vnftd, if there bo anything about any bf you at this.time which seems to render your salvation difficult, Ana fcVMt impossible; if.thpW btt anything in your case that renders it iwpelees and desperate whether it.be in jour temporals or your spirit Vials, I wGUld recommend you to go with your oAse to the God of wonders, and see whether or no He does not before long make you say, 4 The Lord hath dealt .wondrouslv with me.' To sinners who believe in Josus salvation is promised, and they shall have it; and to saints who trust in the Lord deliverance is promised, and God will work* ten th usaiid wonders, but He will never allow His promised, to fall to the ground* Oh wonder if wonders do not happen. In the church we are permitted t~> expect wonders. Wc aro too much in the habit of sitting down and hearing sermons, and if half a dozen are converted, wo are astonished, but wo ought to expect thousands to be converted. If the church over, has faith enough to expect great things, she will see great things. When the church falls upon dark times, and error mars her beauty, wo may expect God to work wonders to purify and exalt her. In the darkest mediaeval times God found His wit nesses, and when the light threatened to die out, then Luther came, a man raised up of God, and a train of glorioos men followed behind him. Never tremble, never despair, never be afraid. 'The God of Hosts is with us, the God of Jacob is our refuge.' Why, brethren, we worship the God of wonders, 4 Who only doeth wondrous things.' "Wo have a Saviour of wonders. Is not His nnme called The Won derful? and did not Stephen say of Him, 4 Jesus of Nazareth, a man approved of God among you by signs and wonders ?' Then the Holy Spirit also works wonders. He came at first wiih rushing wind, and cloven tongues, and gifts miraculous and even now His wonders have not ceased. 4 IIow great are His signs! How mighty are His wonders! His kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and His dominion from generation to generation.' In the future state these wonders will be more manifest to us. If we were to read our Bibles attentively, we should bo astonished to find how much there is about heaven in them, and how after allicis not true that we have mere gleams and glimpses, for if studiously investigated the worn of God tells us wbndroos things concerniog the world to come. Dear friends, we shall, in the better land wonder more than we do here, for we 6hall there understand far m^re than we do now, and shall have clearer views and wider prospects. Our present capacities axe narrow, there ia scant room within our mind for great things; but in yon bright world the veil shall be taken off, and we shall know even as we are known, seeiog no mere in part and through a darkly: in the heavenly mansions oar growing knowledge win excite in 113 increasing wonder, and we shall sing there the praise 01 Him who hath dealt wonorously with us. In the abodes of endless bliss we shall see what we escaped, we shall look down from Abraham's bosom, and see tbe sinner afar off in torment. It will be a dreadful sight, but 0, with hearts of gratitude shall wo bless redeeming love, knowing each one of us that were it not for grace divine that fate so desperate had been ours. In tbe heaven of perfect holiness we shall know the true character of sin. . When we shall Bee the brightness of God's glory, and the splendour of His holiness, sin will appear in all its hideousncss, and we shall adore that matchless inercy which pardoned us, and bless the pre-t cious blood which cle&tucd; us though we had be-*u defiled with such pollution. Compared with the blessing that saints in heaven rendefr to God for deliverance from sin, our praise is as nothing. Up in heaven, too, we shall see our life as a whom, and we shall see God's dealings with us on earth as a whole. A great many matters which now appear mysterious and complex, concerning which we can only walk by faith, for onr reason is bsfHed, will be so dear to us as to excite our joyous songs in heaven. 1 Now I see why I was laid aside when I wanted to be busy iu God's work; now I see why that dear child, whom I hoped to have had spared to me as a stay for my old age, was taken away: now I understand why my business was suffered to fail; cow I comprehend why that foul mouth was a lowed to be opened against me: now I comprehend why I was assailed with inward fears, and was suffered to go tremblingly *11 my days.* tincb will b© our confc*'ions when the daydawnsand the shadows fiec nvBy. Thr u w« shall say and sing, ' He hath dealt wondronsly with us.' We shall feel that the best was done for us that even Eternal Wisdom could tic-vise, and we shall blot* the name of the Lord. • - - Reflect a moment, dear friends, and see further reason? fcr everlasting wondering. In heaven wo shall see what God has lifted us up to be. Wo talk of being sons of God. Hid wo ever realise that'r Wo speak of heaven being ours; but do we know what wo mean by that language? Truly 'it doth not yot ap pear what wo shall be,' neither hath oyo seen or ear hoard the things which God hath pre pared for them that love Him; when we shall stand on the sea of glass and hear the harpers, and join their endless music;' when wo shall see Him who laid down His life for us—yea, goo Him as He in, when we shall behold the Lamb of God, who by His bowing to death, lifted m up fi'»m our detdly bill—who, by stripping H-ra> If of Hin rovaltv s, robed us vish~<» splendour*—wc shall . be . amazed, astounded, overwhelmed with wonder! I lonjj ntyseif to spend my time porpotuaUy in adoring the God of wonders. I want, brethren, that we should rise abovo tho spirit of discontent, the spirit that finds fault, and mourns, and moans, and laments, and makes Mass'.hs and Mcribshs by which to provolo tho Lord our God. lot it not bo said of us, ' They soon forget his wondersbut let us go on singing unto Him, ' who only dooth won drous things,1 speaking to one another of all His wondrous works, ahd in our souls day by day and hour by hour admiring our God, world without end; Amott. 