THE Afghan question during the past few webks has undergone changes as various^ those produced by the revolutiops .of a kaleidoscope, but the end of the matter appears to have arrived, at least for the present. An arrangement has been-arnved at which is said to be satisfactory both to Great Britain an(l; Russia. That an honorable settlement should be arrived at, was of courseto be desired in preference to the borror« war. Had war been declared with Kussia we should have had no fear for the result so far Britain is concerned, nor do we in the- least fear it in the future, for ai Vanity, Star savs, "The Russta&B; must : sooner or later be taught some lessons that they have to learn-. For instance, that in India there are some half mil lion of men trained to arms; that she, the great Russia, is really a brotep-^ down spendthrift, dishonest bankrupt/ while "England k literally bursting frith wraith—viz., with fcte sinews of war; that under a peaceful disposition there may be an iron resolve; that there is a limit to even English credal-i iiy and forbearance; and-that in Great! Greater Britain there are lote o£? men and willing to fight, as well as ' shins pounds eterling.'" However,<hetf/p cioad basbeenrt*. pelIed.bui-forW.teng? thai ^Sfejagreemeat. ?. s merely a t , t j „ ,n*f|jicb b»th natic"*? jcill '"'"""* W tb^r r' Xf ^ T J„_ Ij, ^ ns' Tho l rrmf of the agreement we nav ' ,, „ , Hrn bur its hol'pwneES i,e. ^ ^ ^ yę ^ o sited that- ehe will not be cequifedto evacuatePenjdeh nortoforeg'jh rclhim. tS'ttife 'fBmtory^be ia«-occu4iied..ałi^ commands from Penjdeh, and that "the infringement hy General KomamfE of the arrangement for a temporary cessation of operstions^ will be allowed to pass without farther notice ; and that the slaughter of eóińe' hundreds of Afghans u to be treated 'inisrely as an incident." That the British Government is satisfied, goes for nothing when tre remember !.ótv it h :s allowed - th'e'iiame of the British nation to become a bye-word and a reproacŁ amongst all nations. Lord Dufierin's satisfaction is probably to be accounted for by the fact that he cannot help himself and that in being allowed to fortify and garrison Herat,, he is able to place a formidable obstacle in the path of. the Russian . Ihdiawajxis Hefemnę to.the statement that Herat is to be fortified, by Britain, a contemporaByTemarks that "if. as is alleged thiBiBto be accomplished . with tiie fall conBentofthe AiieefAhdriri'afiman.thc future safety of Itidia.wfll Ke-assured It is a step which tie highest, authorities on the subject hare "always recommended; and to render onr Asiatic possessions impregnable, it only requires to fortify Balfch in like manner. But the importance and value of Herat, as an outpost, are almost incalculable By all the earlier conquerors of India, and by the strategists, that city has always been spoken of as the key to the Pun jaub and thie gateway to north-western India. "No invading army could enter the latter without either capturing or mastering it, and its natural advantages are such that its siege would be a protracted operation, and it could be held against a besieging army for months, especially if it should be brought into railway communication with Candahar and Quetta- And it will ward off a danger which the recent advances of Sussia in the direction of that city have intensified- A Russian army once established within the borders of Afghanistan would be & standing menace to oar Indian empire at the very point where it has hitherto been most vulnerable. The Wahabees of the northern pro-- vinces have shown themselves at times both fanatical and insurrectionary; and although at the present moment Moslem disaffection in the Punjaub soems to have been replaced by a more loyal state of feeling, yet if Bussia were sufficiently near that region to enable her to stir its population to mutiny, all her past actions in Central A.sia go to show that she would eagerly embrace the opportunity.'' Uqderany circumstances the prestige of Great Britain has suffered a serious blow from the victory achieved by Russia, and' it becomes a question whether the Indian princes and their numerous subjects may not come to regard Mr Gladstone's weakness and cowardice as being characteristic of the whole British nation, and rise in rebellion. We would rejoice that no cause for war should arise, but canno' help believiug that war has been only postponed, and not averted, and that at no distant date Britain and Bussia will resort to arms ; and that.the'longer the delay the more terrible will be the war and its consequences. For the convenience of the electors of Dalhonsie, Mr F. E. Adamson, the Electoral Registrar, notifies that he will attend at Heath's View Point Hotel, Kyneton. on Thursday the 21st instant, when he will issue rights to persons requiring them. The proposal of the Newham Shire Council to have "Wooiend made the refreshment station for the line instead of Kyneton was objected to yesterday by a deputation from the Kyneton Shire Council who waited upon the Railway Commissioners. Mr Speight,-in reply, spoke in gen.eral terms and pointed out that the local advantage of such an arrangement must always be subordinate to the convenience -of the general traffic. To-day being Ascension Day the usual special evening service will be held in St. Paul's Church, when a collection will be made in aid of the choir music fund. The monthly meeting of the Kyneton Agricultural Association will be held this afternoon.. At the last meeting Mr R. Dargan, of Emberton,'' was elected to a seat on the committee,'-3>ut he declines to act, and the vacancy will have to be filled np to-day. Arrangements will be made at this meeting for holding the annual plough' ing match under the auspice* of the | AS' sociation.' A return match between the Kyneton and Malmsbniy Howling Clubs was played on. the Kyneton green, yesterday afternoon. The weather'yas most propitious, and the green was' neiver in better order. The result was another defeat for Malmsbuiy, thistime by 11 points. At the conclusion of the gatne Malmsbuiy was one point to the good in No 2 rink, but No 1 Jiyaeton rink was. 12 .points ahead. The Mdmsbuiy Club has been decidedly, unfortunate during the aeason, but defeat has had no. effect upon its members other than to make 'them more determined in! their efforts to regain their lost laurels. The following waa the scoring ;— Kyneton—No 1 rink;'Ross, Castles, Blair, Sewell (eapfc), 28 points; No 2 rink : Watson, Rogers, Le Couteur, Wells (captain), 18 pointa. Total 46 points. Malmsbary—No lrink,- Boundy, Gnlly,Smith, Hunter(capt.) 16 points: 2So 2 rink: Ilton, Pront, Smyth, JVetr well (capt.) 19 points. T otal ^ points. At the conclusion af the game Mr Hurry, the president of the Kyneton club; presented Mr Rosa with the pair of prize bortis enraented by the president for competition JmonjB^' ihe memberB of^ie_ clubjląnfl corigral^lated%Ir Jioascn'his -victorj.»tMr Ross applied brieflyvndthus terminatefii moWenjoyabłe iifŁańioon. E?- 1 ' f. The Commercial Football Club a<match,.i^ith the Taradale club oń Sęcar^ • day neri' on jijhe. racecourse. TheGgij!? i .^mefcial team will i>efckked to-night/toa T the nam^srjlla.ppearińnest issue. But for^^jtirnelt intervention of'Mr Denis fenoe, in Jennings Strfeet, at Sfe^reaflB^theBetr. Mr Currie'a .residence .USDW woula wuuu nave Jiavc utswi been dedroyed by. fire, Three 1>oyB were aeneigh£6rKood i^^teij^Mr-J j Wis-Uw&n;^iaHi^^k łl.H the hn'Mifii'Wrj botfó&lpl; the fence was, seen' to burst into fljumfefS Mr Dwan foHuńately observed jtbejjBjfee; before it shad made lnjach hfi^may. aąd, tile application of a -few buokets" of -water; extinguished theŚameś." 7 " ...... i a Mr W- Nottall is 'the successful tenderer for the work of putting, in the stone foundations of the local Salvation Army barracks. The contract is to be completed e ui ^ eght W weeks i^m' y^terdły, when the Mr Peter Eodger, the well known tailor l of"M*>HiOTn Street.-metwitk accident j \- - — • - - * on Wednesday night, which will probably lay hinf up for » time,.as ,Tie iras ^greatly shaken* and severely injured. He hani ust-atut iiis shop, ani,wiscl05ing,tte door of the receptacle in which the shutters are kept during the day time, when it fell forwani upon him and crushed him to the gronnd. • A slight hollow in the grouad saved Mr Rodger from being seriously ińinjured if not killed outright. Mr Rudger managed to crawl from under the huge box,. which is constructed of heavy timber, but was unable to move further without 1 assistance which was rendered by one of the workmen who heard Mr Rodger's call for help. Mr Kodger was cut on the back of the head and has sustained bruises over his body generally. He is being attended by Dr LangforcL A ghost story comes from the Kyneton manure depot, but the locality is not inappropriate, considering the close proximity of the cemetery. One night last week the contractor and one o£ his employes had got the night-cart fand acces sories in readiness for the unsavory nightR> work, and as the town clock struck the solemn mid-night hour, when the spirits of the restless.; departed are popularly supposed to a&sumV; material form and roam in the neighborhood ^ the tombs, a move was made .'-Kyhetonward. The master was driving- and'the man was seated on the hopper- at the back of the cart. It must bejexplained that onone side of the hopper seat a coech lamp is placed to afford the light necessary to operations being conducted. One of the wheels apparently wanted greasing, as • at Jeach revolution it emitted an unearthly screech- But a short distance had been traversed when the driver was startled by a sudden yell, and turning round to ascertain the cause, descried his companion travelling across the paddock, bull's-eye in hand, ate though his existence depended upon the rapidity of his flight Onhinged by fear the runaway dropped his lamp, but still pursued his course. The driver in "the mean time had pulled up and giving chase succeeded in overtaking the runaway, and caught him by one of his legs as be was in the act of scrambling through the fence. " What's the matter T" enquired the contractor, but his man, speechless with terror and panic stricken, was unable to articulate a word. After a time the frightened one yelled out " the ghost! the^ghostP* ani pointed to a white "object in ihe cemetery which reflected the .light from a lamp, and was really , , tombstone. After a considerable trouble, inrtjlvinga good shaking,.the man became somewhat composed, and: was induced to retrace his steps and remount to "his 6eat Another 6tart was made on the road to town, and a few minutesVfterwards the driver'looking round, remarked that the back light was missing. He and his man dismounted, and taking a lamp with them, went over the route traversed, and at the spot^where ' the ghost" appeared, the lamp, with the socket detacheld, and the Candle were found. The lamp had been insecurely fixed, and the socket had not been screwed home. A jolt of the cart had released the socket, and the spring being unusually strong, the candle was ejected as from a catapult, and struck the man on the face. The locality and the stillness of the night may perhaps secure pardon for the frightened one who imagined that the screeching of the wheels emanated from a wandering spirit, and the blow from the candle was the result of a headstone being thown at him. Mr John Cóghlan, the Irish piper, and hi&talenteddaughter;, Miss Lizzie Coghlan, made their last appearance in Kyneton for a time, in the Mechanics' Institute last night, when they were favored with a good house. The character of Sir. Coghlan's entertainment iB now too well known in Kyneton to require detailed notice. Mr John Corby, of local fame, and Mr Williamson and Mr Chirgwin assisted. The entertainment went smoothly throughout, and the fun was fast and furious, and applause was liberally bestowed. When Mr Coghlan again visits Kyneton he, with his daughter, will certainly met* with a hearty reception. The Castlemaine Mining Board held its usual meeting on Monday. The following items of local interest were dealt with:—A letter was received from the Department of Mines and Water Supply, re alienation of land for water reserve -at Kalambury, and requesting to be furnished with a report upon the character of the lt>nd and whether its alienation for such purpose "would be injurious to the interests of the miner. A communication wis received from the same Office, stating that the application by Mr A. E. Rowan for certain land at Emberton, had been objected to. The Sandhurst Minily? Board"5(£ote asking- if. compensation m been paid to ,W. Wilson,*who was ejected fróm his residence area at Metoalfe. j A letter on this subject was also recetvied from theDepartment of Mmes'aad Water Supply, as to whether .any compensation had been pud to WOson^ The, Minister hopes'to-be able to submit the matter on on early date to the Cabinet, and the decision arrived at will then be communicated to the Board. 'It was agreed that the clerk write to the Sandhurst Board,* and Maldon Miners' Association, informing those bodies of the substance of the communication received from the Department. In reference to the first mentioned letter Mr Gordon submitted a report upon the application of the Malmsbury Council for a piece of land for water supply purposes. He recommended that the application be not opposed, as the alienation would not affect die interests of the miners. Our Xauriston • correspondent; writes' that the local hurling club opened the season on Saturday last, and played ą scratch match in which the form shown augured well for the success of the club during the season. T^e annual meeting of the club was held the same evening. -The report, read by the hon, Secretary; Mr E. O'Connor, was satisfactory, but the balance sheet showed a slight balance on the wrong side. The club ' laet seaBou lost only one inatch. The election -of officers then took place with the following result : - President, Mr. H. W. Iras; Vice, president, Mr J. P. Hrennan; Secretary and Treasurer, Mr'E. O'Connor; .Captain, Mr John Costęllo; Vice-captain, Mr W. Beare junr. Match - Committee, Messrs C.»„Wilkinsojy Wi "Strnttw^kJ g: Pi Brennan, the foęce-bearerś-tor,, i S i V L. -^jjj^, lii® 5cSt" iy&S;óas' the crossing - while shunting was being done. ''.The matter waa brought under the notice of the Commissioners of Railways, yesterday, by a deputation from th| Council, and Mr Speight promised to have the 88} far as mornadistinct c? h&Aof;eartŁqiiak^ in ilM^^MBiiK-'ipvk* Moulds; The _ jbfatigllpeihSly** at iefjhgi ^atoiTfieversl cifShi? instruments were deranged, and- some o£ the lighter g ones overturned. Numerous private indU viduals also were alarmed at the sudden disturbance of their household crockery, and the tfcpnge vibration, The shook,; i however, was mostly con toed to the wuthera and northern suburbs, tbOBeeast and .... J west ——L teing left l0rt«TmrM almost undisturbed. WUUStHrDMl. In Gippsland it was more severe, the vibrations lasting nearly a minute; and telegrams recounting the event have been received from Wairagol Foster, Bairnsdale, Bruthen, Omeo, Port Albert, and Wilson's Promotory, besides many other (mailer townships. At Gabo Island, where they aie usually very accurate in their registering of such shocks, it is .stated the yibialion was first felt at 9.27 yesterday morning;,"and passed from south to north, lasting 60 seconds. Ihe Observatory authorities have also Teceived a, telegram from Low Heads, Tasmania, stating that a shock was felt there yesterday morning, passing from south to north. Aterribly sudden death is reported from Lancefield. Mr W. Kerby, one of the oldest and most respected residents of Goldie, near Lancelidd, was on his return home along the Lancefield to Kilmore main load after attending a funeral on Saturday, when he was observed by several persons to dismount from his horee and sit down upoę a log. On coming to the spot, Mr Kerby was found to behead. The cause of death was revealed by a post-mortem examination, to have been heart disease. A few days ago & writ of fi. fa. (says the Donald Times) waa issued against a certain well-known publican of this town, who, on he«ing of the circumstance, immediately ordered a coffin to be made. The following day the plaintiff, in the execution of his duty, entered the premises of the publican, whom he found standing by the coffin with a pistol in one hand and a screwdriver in the other. Presenting the former at the plaintiff, the publican exclaimed, " Now go into that .coffin at once." The affrighted bailiff suddenly decamped, minus his hat. The Star relates that a number of Ballarat gentlemen, including three magistrates, have decided to form an " Anti- Spirit Society," in which those joining will pledge themselves not to drink branny, whisky, gin, or other spirituous liquors. Ale and porter are to be allowed almost ad lib. It is said that the idea is to induce spirit-drinkers to give up their luxury for the milder beverage, and in due time endeavor to get them to abstain althogether. Mr Ross Cox, district inspector of Schools is nowin Kyneton conduoang the flfiTiiia.1 examination for results at the Kyneton State SchooL On Friday (tomorrow) Mr Cox will conduct an examination of children under 15 years of age who are desirous of obtaining certificates of exemption from school attendance. The examination will commence a 12.30 o'clock. Candidates must prodnce written per mission to attend, either from their parents or their teachers. . Gordon's diaiy (says the Pal! Mall Gazette) will never be published in anything like its entirety, of that we may be quite sure. We happen to have learned something about its contents already—(it includes many pen-and-ink drawings of extraordinary interest)—and that something assures us that if our Ministers can expurgate the murdered man's diary they certainly will. We are able to give one little extract from it of the land that awaits the pruning-knife, should the Government find itself, at liberty to wield that instrument. The following words appear in the diary nhder the date Decem- ber 14, a fortnight before Gordon's death — "I can quits imagine the following scene:—Walmer Castle. Enter Lord Granville—Beads the paper, " Khartoum still holds out." Rings the bell for secretary. '• How long did Gordon Bay he could hold out for V " Six months, my lord." " Then why the devil has he held out for eight- ? He ought to have given up two months ago. Confound him !'" A sensitive Briton . abroad sends to the Pall Mall Gazette from Dusseldorf the following account of "the British lion from a foreign point of view:" —The.first is taken from an Austrian weekly, the Bomb*., a publication somewhat similar to our Illustrated London News. On its front page is a large colored picture, in which Count Herbert Bismarck is represented as a lion tamer, standing in' a huge cage, gracefully bowing, evidently at a burst of applause from the spectators, for a successful exploit. At his feet, in a frightened, whining, supplicating attitude, with its tail between its legs, crouches the British lion—his face a tolerably good caricature of that of Mr Gladstone. In the background are . seen the head and shoulders of the old German Chancellor himself, who iB saying. " Splendidly done, Her- bert, my son! yeu have tamed him as completely as your father did before you." Here is another sketch from the Berliner Wespen. Large week's edition contained a large fnll pa^e engraving showing Prince Bismarck attitudinising also as a lion tamer. ; The Chancellor is represented astride a lion's back proudly waving his hat with one hand, while he wields a email dogvhip with the other, by the aid of which W-has apparently brought the ferocious beast to a state of abject submission; for the poor animal, which bore as nsual the$ace. of Mr ^Gladstone, with its fore paws bent and its head bowed tó the ground, seemed utterly cowed and- subdued. Above jthem, .with the sceptre and ball in its daws,'flies the .Prussian eagle. In the back ground stands France as a' sly but frightened hyaena. The Castlemaine Mining Board recently declared the election of MrG. W, Green-, hill, J.P.,-to that body void, in consequence of statements as to biB action- in procuring • votes: Another ? election is to be held bit the 16th inst. Mr Greenhill's conduit hat come under the notice of the .Government,,and they -think it undesirable .that he.'should be retained in the commission óf the peace. A board has in", the meantime (the Daily Telegraph states) been appointed to investigate the circumstances! His Honor 4 Judge Cope is the chairman., and the other member? are the. mayor of Sandhurst (Mr Delbridge),Jand Mr W. Thomson, of Kyneton. To facilitate the proceedings, the board will he assisted by a competent clerk, who will take depositions. The allegation Against Mr Greenhill is that he took improper steps to secure his return as amember of the Castltmaine Mining Board. The Government have determined to Eomewhat'.relax'the extraordinary efforts made' .within the last few weeks} towards placing the defences of the polony upon a more satisfactory footing. After to-day the number of men employed, in com-, pleting the fortifications at the Heads and the South Channel fort will be considerably reduced. For some time past men have been engaged upon these workB night gnd day, and even on Sundays. The Sun-, day work is now to be discontinued, and' the ?rarke iiliand' wilil be finishedin the ordinary inaimer'by one shift of mfen per day.' Tlus'action has been decided 'upon in consequence of the pacific news to hand from Europe within the last few days; but; although the Gpyemnjent have resolved to j slacken their efforts, / the deTenpi. ifqtSb are not to be stopped until everything has been placed upon a. war footing. ,. . ;TJie Railway'department has arranged - tp supply the Buluuto station with muoh Deeded accommodation in the way ora oods platform- The successful teiuYrer is Mr W, Bennett of Fieraingtai, ^ .. ihe amount of the contract is £122 U'a 3d. Yesterday's issue of the Australian Nevis s VPltQ _the| standard, works, and the cable traim works in course J of construction at Melbourne, ate subjects -of illustration, the.latter.beięg unusually J clear. The interior of the Kre Insurance ! Companies' Brigade shows how complete | are the appliances for dealing with tires. The number includes some pretty landscape views. 