1 flovclist' ! DAN LYONS' DOOM. | By WAIT WANDER. I CHAPTER XVI.— (Gosiiiroso.) "Does any ono' but yon know o! thio piece?" ho asked, stuipicionsly, ns bho held ft np the lamp lor him to see around him. ij "Only Ellon." I "What is it lor? What do yon have suoli \ n hiding-place for?" | "Don't yon seo?" the asked, "wo dis- | covered it by acaidont, and I have somatimoa S need if to faring foals intoblindfold to frighten | them with visions — hava yon forgot that I ;? am a fortuneteller, and tho witch of Mount ; \ Roban; Dan Lyons?" . si "I hava forgotton nothing," ha said sharply, | " bnt there is light hero, or tho3a ferns wonld i not grow— mind, woman, how yon dara to % dcoeivomo." . | "I am not deceiving yon," and cho draw i back a ecrccn of old bags as bIio said so, " there | is tha pan I burn my herbs and sulphur in, $ and tho skull that frightens gold out of foolo' i? pockets, and as for light yon will seo it np | tharo among tha Blopps of tho roof whon tha | eon is not so low. And now I will show 'iS yon that I mean nothing unfair— follow mo | still." . i Sho hobbled np a steep incline that was in ii a corner of tha cavo, and then turning aoor- | ner /suddenly thoro : was a densosoracn of. | living verdure boforo Dan Lyons. | . " If yon donbt. mo at any timo, Dan," she I said, 1' you havo only to part them branohes, | and you are free an the side of Mount Roban. ;s . . And nbw'i must get. back for fcar eomo ona should got into tho hut and look for me. I —Mil bring you a bed and food and drink, and | ' no' folioeroaeiicah ever set an oya on yon fi - horo.'.'/- :7V;V./ s '; S3 otay, i\\(ini u i syuia jou, uww um . w 8 oallyou?" . . . ' v " Knock at tho trap-door ; I eball bear / yon, if not tho' first time, sorely at tho i scoond." I Bho pat tho lamp on n lodgo ot rook, end ( , v left tha mnrderor thoro alone, with tho sand under hie foot and tho ferns by; his eldo, and I . ho lay down to olcep ogain ns criminals eo | of ton; oleop, with tho shadow of thoir terrible | doom surrounding, them olosely. ' CHAPTER XVII. I . . inii iionbEiiEh'a ' dbeaiI. ' : ?, It had been a day ,oD great 'cxaitomont at <; Marrangn', and over tho township the round moonrohoha on a generally-shored' and great disappointment— Dan /Lyons 'had/not 'bean ft arrested. Every man who had turned out to v soaroh-for tho loBfe child had tried to hunt up 7 the murderer, but the eun had net and tho mooti risen vainly so far .as tho arreet of that fotodman. -" At' the oottago, dut'.iri/tho garden, somo- whero standing, and' seated oh tho edgo of the' crahdoh,: Woro. sovoral of tho parties yon havO becomo intOrestod ih. I hope, during the relation of this story, ' Mr. Pollard was there, and Leonard Prossor with him. Little Daniel was 'standing looning'againot tho wall of tho hotlBo iit'a littlo distahoo, and in'a apot from which he oonld watoh hiB mother's move-- mcnts to and fro botween kitohon and stole ohamlicr. Tady was talking to tho boy and looking iriDahiol'o f ooo. Mth a oadpity, and tho boy bad confided to tho' honest Irlahmon more of his thoughts and foolings on 'tho lata ovents than ho would havo told to ovon his mother. . . To his mother, do I say ? Dan would not havo trhstod her with ono idea now ; ho had lost alloonfidonoo ih her, and lpot it for pvor,. It is n oad Stato of afiaira between a mother and child when the latter gots old enough to reason and snspcot tbo' notions of. tno ontnor ol his being, but it had coma to that with Elian Griffiths and hor son Damol. Tho boy was' gottihg oh for tbirtoon yoaro old; and.no had ' notVreaohcd that ago without ' having hcflrd rnanv oncors striking at Ellon, passing Ilia disicnulablo oldgrandmotnor s Jipfls that ho khow his mother had actually visited that Ivilo nrardorcr- and . scoured hia cscapo, Daniel bogori to ' recall these 1 snCoro ana hints, and to shrink within himsolf stnat their moaning may havo boon. Dan aid not; .toll Tady Connor anything of hia ouspioions agisinct hio mother, but ho caid enough to rnalro tho Ii'iohm&n; uo oorry for tho lad ao to ho ramotio to cover him cutiroly from Marrnngtv. ' ' . Every now and then no thoy vrcro speaiiing thG boy would look toward tho door of. tho room whoro hiodcad companion lay. Con stable Loader atood thoro oilcnt and grim- looking,. £or -bin disappointmont was keon, and ho had yot to impart his want of quqocso . to Ohorlio EMfl/who hq know would nob give him good- v/orda for it. It wasn't liio- fault, cortainly—- ho Uaddonqall o man could do; but in all probability tho impossible would bo OKpodtcd from him. . ' Loador had said a word or two of this to littlo Daniel, and tho boy was dctortninedthat if . ho could trace 'Dan Lyons through hia mother, ho vould. toll Loador Tirat of Iioador had beon-ldnd to him, and it ccomed jant to him, who had tho trouble of ooaroh all day, that ho should bo in tho bucccuu, if ouo- cc.a thoro' woo, and Dan vmo thinking of fcbia oven wbilo'Tady vms . tolling lum how ha and Mr, Leonard were. going away no noon as tho claim v«rp.3 v;orkod out; and what n lovely land Ireland was., " Dan," caid a womon'o voioo near tho hoy, and ha ctarted ao ho turned (juiokly todiar, for ho know it waa hio mothor. |' Oomohcro, I want to upoalc toyou, iny con. . EUcn GrililtU 7CQ standing in tho ohadow ol tho' verandah aa'oho 8poko, nnd oho haa a dark nlitnvl folded around hor., , any 0110 oslis yon for 80,10 UP' dOttm03aa8' "To tho farm, mother? Why it's miles away." . i.-i- ' ?j0n!? soing np to grandmother's, Don, only I don t want any one to know I'm an Monnt Roban. I don't . think .any ono will oeissme; bnt if thoy do, sayl'mgonoon amcS- iff'.. twon t bo long, nnd Nurse Brown is with Mrs. St. Horriok." , She was gone, and tho boy stood whore oho hod lolthim. Oano.to grandmother's I and then it flashed across tho boy's memory like a gleam of lightning, that there wcro hiding, places on Mount Roban 1 Old Nan did hot know that her oovo was no mystory to littlo Daniel ; but I should liko to know what place to. olimb, or what rook or tree or cavo could over remain a myatery loug to Australian Bush boyhood. Ono day, two years ago,' Daniel had traaked a' .wombat into that cavo, and explored tho cor ners whera tbo bones and tho skull and rub- bish wore, and ha had once frightened tho hag borsalf half out ot hor senses with a deep groan, just as she was protonding to cell up tho dovil with her pretended eorocry. ' Dan Lyons was hidden on Mount Roban 1 That was tho idea that flashed upon him' so vividly. He stood still for a minute to tbiak, and thou ho went to the sido of tho glum looking constable, and whispered to him— "Mr. Loader, don't toll any ono'jnst now; but I thlukl know whoro Dan Lyons is." ' " What I" almost yelled tho' constablo in his surprise. " Huoh I I'm not sura you know, bnt I wont you to aomo and seo. Can yon without telling anyone?" " What makes you think this, Daniel ? xou mass sou ma mora rnan mar ; l can r no going ofl on anothor wild gooto ohaao jnst when wo are expecting Ellis book." " I am sorry yon can't go, for I'm rare bo's thcro I " tho boy said decidedly. " I can't toll you how I know, bnt I do knew, and I will ask Tady Connor to go with me." " Stop a minute, Dan," tho policeman re- turned, as ha laid his hand on the boy's arm, "lot mo oak yon n question or two. It tho villain is whera you think could one man arrest him ? " "Dan Lyons is only one man and we, you and I, would be two." tha boy contemptuously replied. " I am only twelva years old, but if I met Dan Lyons alone I am sure that God would help me to kill bim." « Mo boy," Tady said soitly, " do youthink tho little girl that's :lyin' cowld ineide would liko to hoar you saying that yon would, make a murderer of ycrsclf." "No, sho wouldn't, and I didn't mean that, but I'd dia myself to seo Dan Lyons punished for killing her." "I will go with van, in tho soma of God, wherever yon go, Daniel, and if these fingers of mine can help to twist a knot round the villain's throat thoy'll bo strong, I know." It was Loader who spoke, and Tody Connor looked wonderingly at bim. "Whoro does tho boy want you to go?" Tady asked. . " To toko Lyons; ho thinks he knows wbora ho is. Come on thon. my boy, we will have a look at this eave of 70000." . " Daniel 1 " cried Tady, in a hoarse,. low voioo, " don't go 1 don't go, as drag ging a man to tha gallows is no work for a tender-hearted boy liko you." ' " I'm not tondor-heartod. I' hats Dan Lyons. ' Didn't thtl " and he pointed toward tho room whoro Resignation lay so still, '' oho asod'to ball md her friend, and I would go np > Mount Roban iha darkest' winter night that over foil to Bes tho bandanSS ori her mnr- ' deror's wrists. If yon- do not'obmo I Will go myself." > . , " Thera is a fata in it," marinated the Irish- man. " tvo - cane 101 ino onua go mmeairi lot us both go with bim at all ovents."' ! >. ' It might havo been nearly cloven o'olbck when littlo Daniel, leading his companions' by a oirouitons way, so as to avoid any abance of meeting bis mothor, oiimbed up the wooded sides bl Monnt Roban. Tho moon was on thoir baaks- as thoy climbed, and whon Ihey orosoe'd a patah of grass on whiph noirsos grow, thoir shadows fell short and atrangoly distorted on tho hill boforo thom. "Do yon seo that rook a littlo to tha left ? " tho boy 03kbd, as thoy paused on one of tbeso. grasBy spots, over which hang tho groat branches of a yellow, box, " tbo cava is juot bobind it, and if you look among tho trees farthor on you will seo tho light-m granny's window. . Now you can wait horo until I oomo book and toll you it ho is there." . "If ho sees : you, my poor boy, thoro mightn't be time for you to cry out," Tady said anxiously. " Let ua oil go together." ".No, wo would mako too mueh nPiBo. Thoro is no fear for mo, I'woht lot him' seo mo until you ara there." ' "Tho boy is right, lot him -go,"' vyas Loadbr'o decision. « Theoa young native- born ohapa are like nativa oats in tho buoh — thoro is no foar of him ooming to harm." . Daniol ;lmow ; oveiy rod of tho way ho had yot to go, most ol his young life having been spont about Nan Griffith's hut. Ha had trood 'possums on hundreds of old trees up Mount Hoban,: know tha warmhaunts of thosnakos by. the suhriy rooks, and .had friends' with many a pretty /lizard as it orawlcd from warm, moeoy nooks on the fallen logs. And not always alonb-bvan as his heart boat wildly, with liis eager excitoment trad hope of boing tho ono .to bring. Don Lyons to his doom, the boy's ojks filled as ho romombored Resignation as his : dear /lost oompanion in raany an bxp'odition in search' of wild fiowors on tha skirts of old Monnt Roban. Light of foot, tho boy qaiakly. roaPhod a ' rook, from whiob ho had . bat to Btop and crawl through tho' hushes that eorconed tha opening from tha aavq whloh Nan Griffiths had pointed oat to tba haatcd man. Ho paused thoro, nnd drew book, for bo hoard soma sounds that woro not of tho tho gcntlo 'poBsum, ' Thoro was a sharp rustlo ol branohes that; woro parted by/two floroo hands, and tha boy was face to faoo. with Dan Lyons, only a thin sorccn of leaves botween thom. . In the pnlo, moonlight tho man's nwfal faoo glecmod with an nnenrthly whitoncss, yot tho ohadows under tho overhanging oyo- brows oeomod dnrit as an oven starlets mid night. Tho thin lips vrcro cloned tightly, and thoro 1700 somothing 00 tcrriblo in tho oyos that looliod oat and down tho mountain to tho volley, beneath that little. Daniel ohud- dnrod and shrank from it. Don Lyons had no hat on. Tho marks ol.tlio taneuro woro still visible on hio hoad, but long. thin looko straggled on bis temples, and' woro blown aoross his sunken ohcok by tbo damp night; brcezo. Ho looked np to tho otars and tho Snnn to tho township, aoroes to tho ccmoiory, nnd to Muidor GuUy, and ho mnt- toroa a onrso as his ovca rostcd on tho lost, "Ho has kept Ins. word so for, damn hi'm I " ho groaned out between his oionohed tcutb, " and now it ifl not tho brat's faoo I seo bDWitli these words bo lot tho branches rustlo into, their plaoea and disappeared, kavjng tho boy to crawl bnoh as ho liad.como to toll, hia companions, of hio uuoocss. "I could almost havo toadied hira/' ho ,snid, v/ifch ouoh triiimph, M but it will bo lor. safer to got him in tho cavo, and I can show 11 ToU un tomcthiug 'about tho inddo of that oave»M tho cautious policoman said," onu ; Daniel did -his boat to- dcnoilba tho lnolmcd path inaido, and tbo ouddon turn bemna tno noroen of buohos. , , "What uro our plana?" .Loader oskcu, turning to Tady Connor. "Can I count on you, Connor?" \- You can ao," too littio Lisnman ropuod, " bat don't let tbo Ind ia it at all." " I'll bo in it, in splto 'of you," was Daniel's firm declaration ; "you can't go without mo, and I'll hold tbo wrotoh while Mr. Loader puts tho irons on bis wrists." "There's a fate in it 1 " Tady groaned, re peating himsolf, " so go on, and I will bo at your heels;" When tho murderer re-entered tha cava, after looking throagh tho screen of baehoa down on the fair owoot world beneath him, ho dosed himself with poison again, and. flang his gaunt form npon thorough bod Nan had sup. plied.him with. Tho bod, snob as it was, lay on tho floor of tho cave — if tho wretohed man stretched oat a band omeither sido of him it ley.upon tho coal sand ; with cUbar ho cohld havo gathered tho palo greon ferns that flung thoir dolloato fronds almost to bis palo faco. Bat ho did not feel tbo sand, or pluck tho ferus — ho slopt and droamed.' 1 Tho murderer's lost dream I Oh, merciful hoavons, that such a thing can bo 1 That a being on whoso soul lies tho curso of him that 'ehcddetb blood should dream of happy faces, and tho inuooont laughter ot ohildron I That ha should fool tho breath of tbo sweet sea oa his face, and tbo touch of loving Hps on hts check 1 That ha should feel asrosslag wo man's arms aroand bim, and the porlams ol tho rosea on hor bosom in his noBtrils, and awnko— ohl pity of it — aicake, to feel tho felon's irons.on his wristB 1 Dan Lyons dreamed that ho was a boy again on tba green mountains of his Irish borne. -Ho board tho whisper of tba waters of tho rivor near whioh ho was born, and tho rostla of tho sedges npon its banks. It seamed to mm tnat no heard bis mothor call bim by tho nemo " Dan I " and that somohow or otbor the notes of a lark away up in tho bluo sky wcro mingled with and drowned his mother's voice. Anon ho waa in a great ohipon a wido sea, and ha saw tha white crests of tho bine waves breaking and rolling down tbo waters liko Bboots of wbito fire under the silvery moon. Thcro was musio and dancing and kind words ; thcro were girls' bright oyos and gitla' sweet smiles. It seemed to tho miscrablo man that ha was sailiag on a never-ending sea of happiness, and that thera waa no such thing as sorrow in the wido world oronnd him. And then ho tossed his arms in hia stoop and grstod his cot tooth, as ho momblod awful, broken words. Groat gnarled , trees socmod to bo stretching their crooked limbs all ronnd him, leaving no bopofor his cscapo. Trees without a siuglo leal on them, and ao pallid and dead that thoy seemed like ecr- icnts, slowly and hopelessly entwining him. lostrnok at thom with hia hands and cursed thom with his Dps, aod ha awoka shrieking out to find faces bending over him that wcro not tho facos of his dream, and when ho straggled to risa ha found he coald no longor touch tho sand, for there was steel on his wriBts I Evon then tha poor boy Daniel flang him solf on tho man, and held or tried to bold down his straggling limbs. ' ' "Tio hhnl tie him down or ha will got away I Tio him I tio him 1 " Daniel's face was acariet with a groat passion ; tho fary of an awful exoitemcnt Earned in his eyes, and as Tsdy dragged him from tho holpless man ho shrieked all the louder, " Tio him down I tio'tho murderer down I " , Tie the murderer down I Tbat'awfal cry. was heard by two women np nbovo in Nan Griffiths' hut. One.of tbo women was Daniel's mother, and as aha .recognised her son's voioo, and know that Don Lyons Mas taken, sho foil forward on hor faoo at 'her mother's feot. . " It was as neat a job as over I saw done J " uoaauuuu xioauer : uxoiaieu ; . - uuu . now , Dan Lyons will you /go quietly with us; or must wo drag you down the hill liko a bundlo of firewood?" " ' "Let mo ompty that, bottlo," was the hoarso roply, "and then you can take me to hell if yon liko." / CHAPTER XVIII. TimnE inu TWBLVE OF 08. The night waved slowly on, and Mr. Pol lard, Leonard and Dr. Byma hovered yot aroand Die front of tho oottago waiting for- tho' long ' delayed arrival of Charlie . Ellis. Thoy - had missed both Loader and ' Tady Connor, and did not know what to mako ol it, and the dootor had just bcon in to soo tho aiok woman, and was tolling tho friends about her atato. . / Sho lies in a most pseuliar state," ho ox- plainod, and -as I oannot honestly say I understand the osso, I hava abut to Bowden's . for Dr. Orowthor. _ Half tho timo Bho Bleeps and then only oho bonsoious, dreaming donbtlcss of ' what sho talks of, 'somotimou loudly and sometimes in a painful mutter. Her husband's doatb, hbr daughtera namb with tenna of endearment, instructions to EUen. Griffith about' household afiairs, all proceed from her lips when oaleop,- but throagh all and above all is tho riamo of Dan Lyons and hor unforgiving bate of bim." ' And whon oho is awoka ? " Mr. Pollard asked. - /'" ' \- " yfhen sho is awake she lies as ono dead, save that hor oyos wander round aa in a root less searoh for "something, she knows not what poor thing." . . , "Hero is BUib on foot," soid'Leonard," and ho is ooming quiohly. ' Bless' my hoart, how tirod and upsot you look, Oharlio." "I am both," tho young troopor ropliod " but I havo no tlma to toll you much uhti I seo Loader ; whore is ho ?" . , . . ".Wo don't know, ho has boon gone tromi this a.couplo of hoars or more, and Tady; Connor, it would Boom, with him." . . "No oluo yot of. tho man?'-' ' f ' Dau Lyons ? No ; Loador and sovoral of oar follows havo been in ovary possible dirco- illUU . Utt UHJf — SUU umu ««« MM saddenly as if he bad gono down in tha earth."- . . " Tho Bholts? Havo thoy boon searohod?" , " Over And over again. Bt. Horriok'a woe deserted whon Loador went straight to it aftor coming baok from Bondarraok, No, Dan Lyons is not oapturcd yot." " Thank God 1 " . ojaouiatcd tho young troopor, as ho took oil his hat to wipo tho duet and perspiration from ilia faoo. " That tho murderer is not taken 1 Wo aro all ourpriecd to hear you cay that," Mr. Pol; lard said, " and youmaethava strong reasons indood, for I know that oho groat objoot with you, ainoo you woro otationod at Marranga, was -to ..find : 'oomo traco of poor Oolonol St.' Horriok'a murdoror,' and bring htm to jastleo." ; : "At tbio iirao yesterday, no groator'prizb in my -profession, if- I may oall it so. could havo bcoa oflcrcd mo thou tha capture of Dnn Lyons — now I pray to God that ha may not fall into my hands 1 f" - ; "Good Heavens, Ellis, explain yourealf 1" "I will. I wasroturning to-day from Yaw-, bonaok, whoro I had been to eea'FathcrO'Far- ,'rel about Conn. Brady'n statement, "and bad almost reaohed Marranga, whon I woo over taken by tho priest himself, v/ho had ridden 'aftor mo in oonscquanea of soma information bo had gained that was ot tho greatest conso- quenco to mo. I need not toll you word for Word what ho Eaid.tho wliolo of tho-mattor being oompriccd in tho foot that Iiio Lymau'o American party havo sworn to lynoh Dan -Lyons, oven it tboy had to drag him ont of i Marranga look-up to do it I" Paneing n moment to pormlt of n ho3t of; smothered' oxelomations from his listeners,' Oharlio wont on again. " You know suoli a thing would bo ruin to mo, and it would leave loes blamo 00 my snouiders it Ike Lyman had to tana Dan Lyons himsolf boforo ho foils into our hands at all, for tako him ho will, living or dead. Iko was nover known to'go baok on his word for good or ovil. I did all I oonld. I turned baok and rodo to Bowdon's for tho man who is stationed thcro." " And brought him with you ?" "Yes, ho is at my station now; but what would our thrco bo against Iko Lyman and his American's?" " Yon know that many of us wonld stand by yon Charlie," Leonard said, as ha laid his hand affectionately on tbo yoong trooper's shoulder. " You would bo willing to do so I know my dear follow, but all of us would bo U8> foathers in tho way of those twolvo determined men.' T saw thom onca on tho war path, nnd I don't want to eco thom again, though thoy only baraod down a shanty at Ryder's — a chanty that deserved it too, for it had becomo tho hauot ot all sorts of immorality and rowdy ism." " This looks very liko our lost porty com ing down tha road, 'f. observed Mr Pollard, "and thoy'ro ranning— something is wrong Ohorlio." ' Thom was no timo to say more era Loader, Tady, and littlo Daniel wcro npon thom. Tho constable was pale with oxoitemcnt, and ' so tired with his exortions that hfc oonld hardly gain breath to speak to Charlie. 1 It was tho boy who cried in triumph. , " Don Lyons is arrested." " Speak it out Loador," Chatlio Ellis urged, though I guess what it is." "Wo took Dan Lyons upon Monnt Rohan, and I had no eoonor lodged him in tho look- up, that Iko Lyman's vigilance party sur rounded tha station." "Didn't I tell you ?" Ellis asked of Leonard with tho calmneM of deBpair. " Go on Loader." " Smith from Bowden's was thera— ho told mo why you bad gono for him, and Iko Iqnnan sent mo for you, Ellis. He wonts to talk to you for a minute ho says." " They have taken possession of tbo station ? " questioned Mr Pollard. . " Yes, and aro armed np to tba teeth, A finer looking body of ohapa you nover sot eyes on, and thoy'll lynoh Don Lyons aa sure as I see that moon." " Wo must do our best, to save him " young Ellis sold, " who ia with mo in this ? " " All of ns, of coureo. I am a magistrate — I havo a right to reason with theso men against wrongdoing." " Do yon call lynobiog Dan Lyons wrong doing I ' oried young Daniel. ' A murderer, a murderer liko htm 1" "Daniel, my hoy, don't let your youug voico bo hoard in snoh a eorious matter us this," Mr Pollard said to tho lad. " It is timo for job to bo la bod." ' If I had boon ia bed Dan Lyons would not havo beon in tha lock-up," tho boy salkily retained. "It was ma that showed Londcr where ho was biding, and I hopod to tako him ! " Daniel answored with prido. " la that a fact?" Constablo Loader was asked. " An undoahtod ono, sir— wo Bhould novor havo dreamed of eaarohing for tha man whoro tho boy guided no." Mr. Pollard looked sadly ot tho puzzled, lad, but the iinportahoo and necessity ot im mediate action about Iko Lyman's bold step put poor Daniel's aftoir in tho back-ground— only Tady mormured for tha third, timo that' day.' .. » Thero'a a fato'in it. God help tho boy,, there's a fata in it." ; ; , , "I, at least, have no oboice," Charlio said,' as ho turned toward tho polioo station. "It is my duty to try and Bava this villain from any punishment that is hot meted out to him i Ujr bllU 1UW Uk.tirUluU 1 UUI U DVlUIU oUIYUUb; and I will do it if .it is At.'the risk of my life." , " They will BUrely not proceed to extremi ties in the faoo of a Justice of the Peaoe," Mr. Pollard sold. "Go on, Ellis, wo era with you;" Thov wont on in silonoo, a bond of six men, ' with the boy oreoping after thom, unnoticed for tha mopoont saye by Tady, who dropped baok to Daniel's aide and yainly whispered an advice to return. " " They oan't prevent mo," Daniol said dog gedly, " and Iffi seo Dail Lyons hang in spito of thom. - Mr. Pollard'thinks it dreadful that a boy liko mc should bo glad to boo a man dia. Does ho forget that Dau Lyon killed: Resignation's father and then Resignationher- Self? I ehould liko to sco him torn in pieces by wild horses." - 1 \- /"My poor boy, my poor boyV the sympa thetic Irishman whispered, and with bis arm over DanioTs shoulder Tady. followed tho littlo band before them. When they reachodftho station the moon, now high on tho loft hand of the road, shone down on a peculiar soeno, ooheldoring tbo tima of night and tha place. . Twelve horses woro tiea to too renco ana oitner. oiaa or too lolioo gate, aix at one side arid eix at another. Cdtho men, tell and dork looking, and with a ;hin orapo strotohed aoroes their faces, stood grimly awaiting the/arrival of tha poliaomoo; while distinctly . thrown out in dark relief against tho white walls ot tho look-up wcro four other men on guard, and drosoed as wero tho others, simply in dark bolted pants, groy shirts, anddark felthots. 1 As Cborlis Ellis advanced -in front of this party his quick eyoe glanced from Iko Ly man's unoovorod faoo to thorovolvorsinovory bolt around him. 1. ' , "You havo dona q very neat ; job, Iko Ly man," Charlie said, " taken possession of too polioo camp and a prisoner of tho Crown, to say nothing of turning a policeman out ol the campin the mlddlo.o! tho night." "wo havo not turned the poor fallow out " Iko replied with a grim smilo, " wo only sent f6f'you,for,,on tho oontfary,:wo aro very hnxloua to havo'aU'tho constabloa in tho . sta tion to-night." " Whoro isSmitb.irom'Bowdon'a ? " Charlio aoked. ' .... < Tha polioomon you wont for, Ellis ? : Oh, ho is on guard over tho prisoner in tho look up." - A low laugh rippled bom'.ono man toj.tko other of tho grim band. " My frioads, this is no laughing matter," roproYcd Mr. Pollard, ao ho etoppod toward Iko Lymtm : " you oro committing d gravo breaoh of tho law. My namo io Pollard ; I am a mcgistrato, and I would ilrgo you to go homo peaoolully, and loavo this unhappy man to bo dealt with by the British Intra ho has dofiod and outraged." '."You know our object horo, then, Mr. Pollard?" . - ' . "I havo heard, with horror, that you havo. threatened to what is called 'lynch' the wretohed being who boo -been arrested for murder, and is now in that .look-up," -Mr; Pollard replied. " You havo hoard tho truth; such is our intention. Now, oir, will you loll mo it. yon boliovo thia Don Lyons to bo an' innocont man?" . - - - "God help him, not There can be no doubt ol hio guilt. Ho has not denied it to Loador horo." "No; ho has boasted 'of it. Ho' buried Colonol St. Harriok olivo twelve years ago out . of rovongo for a just'cot of tho Oolonols, years. provion3 to that. Now ho hae oomo baok Again in tho guise of a prieet, and lir.u_ki!icd Colonel St. Korriok'o innocont child in tho 1 most cold-blooded, ornol manner. Don't you : think Dan Lytms deaorves death? " Yes, bnt not by your hands." " You think lio deserves it at ths, hands of tho law? Wollf.sir, I am.glad you ngrco with us; wo aro' going to put .lynch law. in foroo on Marranga, and Judgo Lynch has sentenced Dan Lyons to dio within tho | hour." , " Try to realize that it will bo Lyman Law if yon do this dead," cried Mr. Pollard. " You aro tho leader of this lawless party, Iko Lyman, and tho blood of. this man will bo at your door." " If it did I Bhould know it to bo a mark on tho right sido ot tho Big Ledger, for mo ; but you aro mistaken, sir, wo aro ono and all in this. I am only Iko Lyman of tho American Vigilaaco Committee, and thoro are twolvo of as, all told. Is Ibis true, mate3 ?." " Tnr.ru: abb tweuvb or us I" was tho reply from overy throat, oohood by tho men on guard I tho look-up ; and it was cohoed also by tho desperate being insldo, who hoard ovory word that waa spoken, and know that his doom was scaled. " You hoar," qaestiouod Iko 'again, " thoro aro twolvo of us, good men and truo, who aro willing to sharo all the sin ot taking a villain's life, behoving it to bo a praiseworthy and jnst deed." " Bat thoro is no necessity for you to havo this wretches' blood on your hands," pleaded tho pitying J P. ; " ho is now in tbo hands of tho law, and hi3 doom ia as cortain as if you tako his lite." " Ia it. Your law is a queer institution, my good friend. Let mo seo juot what would be likely to bappon in this fellow's caoo. Thcro will bo .an inquest on that innocont oronturo who lies nailer tbo eamo roof with her dying mother, and Dan Lyons would bo committed for trial. From look-up to court- house, from coort-houso to gaol— remand, postponomont, loss of months. In all thoso thoro would bo a hundred opportunities ot cscapo by bribery, by sympathy, ovon by death— wo will trust nono of it, our deolalon is mado." " Will you let mo bog for timo and mercy for this wretched, guilty man ?" asked Leonard Prossor, eagerly. "I wonder if yoa could find words, Mr. Prossor, for I know you hava a sister at homo about tha ago ot this cruelly murdered girL" "For tho lovo of God don't mardcr Dan Lyons this way," cried poor Tady. " You spook feelingly my good man ; do you beg bis lifa becauso ho wears a priest's coat ? Tady Connor, I know all about pour feeling for him. Yoa know ot this villain's blood-guiltiness boforo any ono did, and yon would hava hid it and lot him go frca. Stand back, my man, tbo night is going, and our work ia before us to do." " Not whilo I stand hero to do mj duty 1" cried Ellis. " Tbcro aro only two of us, lor it is not our friend's duty to dio in defence ot oar prisoner. It is mine, however, and yoa will pass over my body to romavo Dan Lyons from our oastody." " Perhaps so, my good man, bat it will, ptcaso God, bo a living body," Iko coolly responded, as ho wrenched Charh'o'a ready rovolvor from his hand. How It happened tho witnesses would havo been puzzled to describe, for in a moment, aa it woro, Con- ' stables Ellis and Loador word being morohod oil to thoir own lock-up undor tho guard of a detachment of Iko's men, "There is no harm intended you," Iko himsolf declared ; " not a hair of your head shall bo harmed, only wo will havo our maD, and wo will seo that no blamo can possibly attach to yon for what wo do this night. Bring oat tho prisoner." Ho woo marohcd.out botwoon two men, his white iaoo showing ghastly ih tha moonlight, his wild eyeB ptaring in terrible foar upon tho; foods of those around bim. . Whilb the door: of tho look-np was open, Charlie- Ellin and Loader wero pushed, inside, and the heavy-; ironed door alanged upon them. : You aro bettor out of it," tho Lymaus oaidp -/ uuu wu vim leiuasu :yuu tuo momtne-nu la .over," " Out of tho gato Dan Lyons was marobod, with the grip ot a strong man oa oaoh arm,: His hundauffo were unlookod with a key, taken from ono of ..tho constables, and his wrists fastened behind him with odrds, hut not until the long blaak coat had been taken from his book, dB Iko oried angrily: "Tear it. off liiml Wo musn't lot any. man's religion bo mooked or despisod by tho touch of a rope I" And Dan Lyons had said as yet no word. It ho oould havo told ho might havo said that tho torriblo words, "Thoro aro twolvo of "us,"' Woro repeating themselves over and over in' his brain as he looked hopelessly around him.! What could ho do faoo to faaa with twolvo' mon? : ' . . And what oonld tho othors do? -Some: .words tho doctor and Mr- Pollard again urged, but they were- taken no hood of,, and ovary man, aava thoso in ohargo ot the pri-. Boner, soon stood, ready, to mount by his horse's sido. .. ' , ' i " Bfihg him horo," Ike commanded. again;; "ho rideu on my. haras to-night, nnd Iko Ly-. man will noia ma oriaio." 1 As Dan Lyons was passing to- his 'placo' voicoless, he saw tho boy Duniol orouohing against tho fonco; for tbo reality of tha awful sceno bad at last told upon him, andha felt bow torriblo a thing- it was to'dio, It was a : oruol murdoroil, no doubt, but it was awiul— awful to bo dragged 'out lu.tha night to die,! God know how; at tho hands oi theso silont mon whoso faces wore hidden 1 Even at that ' laBt moment ha remombered that even gontle Resignation would havo pitied him, though ha had killed hor, -and boforo. bo thought mora ho.was at Iko's sido, pulling him by the ; arm, and almost shrieking in his agony, of. romorso— ' " Yoa havo no right 1 Lot him go,' lot him go I " " - ! . "Too-Iato my lad,ft sncorad Dan Lyons, with a fiendish glare at tho boy. " Yoa havo- done your work well. Stop mon, I must speak to this youngster, and soma of yoa know I havo tho right." . " Lyons, if you novor' did ono good deed bnlfl vniir tnnaun now. " ftrind Mr. Pollard. with uplifted hand ; " sparp tha'. boy for tbo sake ol that' moioy you so sdroly need your- self." ' "Ho has spared mo," was th'o bitter, reply, aa -his oyes mot- Daniel's, with ahata that haunted him for years ; " ho traokod his own mother's footatop3 to lay tho polioo on inb,' and liomay now liva,' ouraa hiin, with tho knowledge that ho hunted his own fathor to death." . - Tho poor lud shrank baok as though lio -hod received a blow, and wonld havo fallen if Tody's arms had notoaught him. His . lips grow whito, and ho tromblcd as ho ohrioked "out, "It is a lio I" but Dsn Lyons withorod him yot 'with thoso .burning oyos as ho re plied— , ' ; "It is no lio, yon oub | nek Mr. Pollard— ho lulows ; link your mother — oho knows; and -UiU/ tua ,iu»u 1 uu «uu . UUbbww anothor word could pass Iris lips, and in a moment twolvo mon rodo down tho'rqqd with tbo murdoror in thoir mldst. Doniol's whblo framo oollapsod,. and hio weight lay in Tady's arms as hb .whispered faintly— " I hopo I om dying. His son I Oh, mother, mother, a murdoror'o son I " "Don't heiiovo.hira, Daniol/ "dear,".' l'ady Connor Shouted bravely; lio'a no fathor ot yourv. Don't I know V Wasn't I horo long boforo' you.. wor .born? Aok Mr. Pollard tlioro ; and whisper now, aura I'didn'tlikb to soy itbotorci but it'll your father I am mcsolf, nsthorol Yon vran't bo nobamcd of poor Tady Connor for a father, will you ? and we'll go homo to Ireland; whoro you will novor hoar of tluit uooundrol Dan Lyons again ;jaud thoro now, lio'o hotter,/' tha honest fcllowsald, las Daniel turned his faoo to tho fonco and burst into tears. "If you csn- carry him away in that beliof, Tady, you will bava done a good option, and saved- a yonng life. To suah a boy as that, tho knowledga that hia father had been hung 'fox saoh torriblo murders would have ruined him." " Oh, I'll swoar bim into bollovia' it, and if I nover tako a worsa oath,' tho Lord will for give mo for it, I know. Como on homo wid mo, Daniel, ntanno." Ahd so away ioto tha shadow ot tho dis tance ths mardoror and his guards passed from tha eight of tho horrified watchers into tho shadows of tho distanoo, whera could bo traood in tho moonlight tho dark entranoo to .Murder Gaily, " Thoy ara going to hang him on tha opot that witnessed his deads ol blood," whispered Mr. Pollard in nn awestriokon voioo. " And thoro is justice in it," added tho doo tor, emphatically. Yes, thoy aro going to oxeoata tho man on tho oiaim in whiob no had bariod ono viotim olivo, and within sight ol tbo spot whera ho had hidden another. Tho wretohod murderer know that, as soon as ho saw tho direction they woro taking him in ; but if he had not been gagged ho could havo spoken no word. For tho faces ot tho dead woro around him, and thn voices of tho dead wero in his cars. Ho saw Colonol Bt. Herriotr as ho had soon him last, and ho hoard hia words aa ho had heard thom then — " If you leavo mo horo to dio, as you ceo my faoo now, you will seo it at this hour overy night until yoa dio yourself, and yoar own death will bs worso than mino— oyo, a hun dred times." That was what ths murdered man had said to him— oyo, what ha was saying to bim now, with hb white face within a yard of his own 1 And thoy had oomo truo, ovary word I Colonel Bt. Herrick had bcon hb companion ovory night for twelve loug years, and now ho was thoro boforo him to sco him dia I . " And I'm glad of it 1" he shouted, as thoy stood him on hb foot and took tbo gag from hb mouth." "Hang mo, and get it ororl No hell can bo worse than life surrounded by dovib 1" " Man, try to realise tba awful importance of this moment," Iko Lyman said sternly. "By your own confessions yoa ara guilty of tho foulest bloodshed — ask yoar God for mcroy now, whilo it Is not yot too lsto." - " Meroy to mo moans Oblivion. I hers asked it ol Him so long in vain that I will not try now. Do yoar worst." " Abo, givo us a prayer," Iko said again, and hb brother lilted, up hb voioo in a power ful appeal to tha great First Csasa for mcroy on this doomed man. It was a scsna to bo recalled, and that was recalled by many of thai participators for .yGars after. Twelvo men with bowed bora heads and a pinionod ono' tending nprightin their midst. Tho strop' sides, of tho gaily mottled with ' moonlit patob'es and biaok shadows. Tho oloims with thoir pilod-up stuff and silent windlaeecs. Tho leafioso trees on No. 1, and under ono soared, gaunt, outstretched limb a cotlof rope lying on the ground. . A solemn pauso after Abo Lyman's pravof : had orison to heaven, and again hb brother spoko. ; " Dsn Lyons, won't you soy one prayer for yonreelf?" " Not ono," returned the monster ; ask Mm. to .pray for mo," and! ho. pointed to tho' imaginary form of Colonol St.-Horrlok.' ' "Thon I'lojin only oay for you, may the; Lord have moroy on your aoull Mates we' era ono in this matter? If ?thOro is one/ doubt that wo do a jaet deed lot it bo spoken,'" anil tho answer was— , j " Thoro aro twolvo of us I " : . Boforo the echoes of the words had oeased: so ring arouna inmong too rooiia or muraer, Gully the . nooad was around ' tho doomed man's .neck, tightened, and becomo a potvar; that draw him up among the doad limbs of) the horrified, troeo npon wbioh no leaves had- grown for twolvo yearsV In one dreadful: moment ho saw tho Ibluo, deop Starry ,Bky. above whiah was tho dwelling nlaop of .his; offended God, tho spot whera ho had! laid the. bloody form of tho.mafdared, phild, nnd tho/ faco of Colonel Bt: Hoiriok before his oyos. to 'tho bat I- Oh what n terrible death to- ffieo I Among those men- who ..stood gaping in silonco at that Ogaro. aqspondod a dark; struggling form botwoon them' and the punT Sky, was thoro not mora than one .who wished - that tha deed had not boon, dono though; thoro were twelve ofthem'. . : ; CHAPTER XIX. ' AMD mar.' The roeno haa obangod and the tlma; It is two years Binoo Dan Lyons had mot his1 doom at Marranga; and.from the. window faeforo whiah Leonard Prossor Is coated thoro | ia outsnrcad broad: CarUogford Bay, and ibo. greon alopaa of tho Comity Down. Leonard's faoo is - but little changed— hi-: . Palm ahd thoughtful nature is not ono that leaves many : traces on a hnniisome . face, and Tady' Connor's wrihklod, queer viflngo is from other causes sotting defiance to, , tlio ravages of 'timo. / ' .On tho morningl reintroduoo thoso two of; my- oharaotora to yon Tady is standingipn tho' opposite . sido of - his master's, tabic, and they are talking over sundry, ntfairs of tho monogomoht of tho Prossor estate. that. ore in. Connor's ohargo. Suddenly Leonard ohabged tha Bubjoot. . "Daniel's holidayo aro nearly oyer aro' they not Tady ?" . ' "Yes air, tiin'o's ap a Monday next. We war thulkiu, of axing yon for an extension Mr. Leonard; tion't so long 'oinoa yo war glad of a holiday' yorsolf," Tady added, with a twinklo in his oyss fixed on his foster brothor's aonntsnonce. '' : ;' Leonard smiled. '.' You havo novor re gretted fathering tho lad-Tady? ho-nekodT -ti Tlanvnftorl I' fltirrt < tr/iTl'M tint RTin' 111 earnest Mr. Leonard, for woli .you i know I navor: did. Evorytimo that boy oalls mo 'Fathor' mo heart jumps np in rpo mouth, but truth to tell sir I don't think ho boliovos I am that, though ho novor Pes, so. Any word ivom Australia nlnco Mr. Leonard?" "I had a letter this morning; from' Mr.' Pollord— I.waa Juot going to tell you." ' " No word of tho mother, eir ? " , "Tola or tiding ot either Nan Grifflthu or hor daughter havo novor been hoard of einoo. Do you think Daniol trots about her ?" ; "Ho thinkB of her I'm sura, Mr. Leonard, but fretting I don't know; Yoa boo that busi ness of hor trying to cavo Dan-Lyons ho hae nover got over. But ho will got ovor it, plazo God. ruover saw anythiug liko tho way. mo mother baa token to -him, and, indeed, no to her. I dcclara I boliovo alio somotimca fanoica ho ia her ralo grandson." :' Whon aro you going to gtvo hor a ' rala oho, Dan." ... Never, sir, with'tlio help of God.' ' ' Now that Nora Brady is within a county . of you——" "Mr. Leonard," Tady interrupted, with such on expression of pained reproof on hio honest phiz that Leonard hastened to nppcaso iiim. . , . . ."You Qto rightyiTadyj I ought to ,bo nsiiamed of mycclf, anil of coorco I was only ioliing» But everyone doca not Unow that tho girl is ciatcr to n murderer, and it i3 to bo hoped that como decent mfin may yot maha hora wifo. . "I hear-that both Conn nnd tho mothor havo becomo very devoafc," Tady said. I ft m glad to hear it. Oharlio Ellis rind Miss Olarko oro married, Tady." « Aio thoy oir, Oh, by gob, ho could well afford it. Wo did well m them threw uiuuthu' work, though tho Lord knowa it wan liko mur der to mo to coiqo op out. of tbo abaft and ceo that ropo hanging thcro over an'd nlwayu— I " ' vonther if any ono tuk it down yet?" . r "I don't know, Tady ; it waa n hard olimb . and no ono liked, to (ouoh it. .Weil, Chatlio . has rcaigDpd, ttft oil pventSq, and thoy aro muir- rlcd. Blr. Pollard eaya that tbo guily w dc- -v. tfortcd onoo moro, and that ho feels ead for . a week after bo visits the cemetery." s. ' Indeed, and ao wootbor. Ohl it was. - tho sad sight tho day of Mrs. fit. HorricVa . and Rfiaignatioa'a funeral? There thoy wur in ono grave, yoa may say alHhrce martberod by that oruol villain." ' "V And Dan Lyons wilhin a stonufa throw ox . : them." ./''v:. >r:-' " Oataidotlio fcncothougbjGir; notInco"n-. eccratud grqund, anyway." Oh so, of oonrdo not, Tady." . 11 Did you hear exactly; wbtra tho Bradys are, Mr. Leonard?" j "» . " Near Armagh. It Beems that thoy oamo . . gomo by tho firat ship affdr Conn's moat un expected recovery. It waa a losson 'to him, and I am glad ho is a ohangodman." 1 11 Thore was room for jc, Mr. Leonard.", u Thcro ia room for improvement in cvory . ono of us, Tady. And now will you go and tell Daniel that I'm on for o 'morning's fish- . ing if ho lihea to coujg with mo, and wo will talk over that quection of tho extended holU days." "Oh, they're ag good as granted, Mr. Leonard ; Daniel will bo so glad logo with you." . " A minuto moro, Tody. I would not say anything to the hoy about tho nawa from ' Australia ; it might nnseUlo him." . . ; " Of coumq not. sir." "And them's ono other item of flows in Mr. Pollard's lettor. It's qoito in your lino loo, Tady, for you boliovo hi ghosts, I know;" "Dan Lyons has appeared!" exclaimed Tady, making eauccra of his round eyes. \- " Somothing liko it. Soveral hava dcolarod that . they havo seen him hanging far ' tho Gully whoro tho Amoricaao left him. It is always an moonlight nights, of ooursa; ' and tho dead man swings ronnd his ropo, show ing his whito faco at all parts of the compans. Kow, you know, Mr. Pollard doesn't vouch far tha truth of this, Tady, nor does be bo liovo in it." ' "Thoro'u plenty of men as v/ieo aa Mr# Pollard, though I've nothin' lo ay gin tho gintieman, that bclloves in tho liko," said Tady, as ho opened tho door for his own orit, " an why wouldn't they ? Docan't it etaud to raieon that port of a lost Bowl's punishment may bo. to coo his BUdoria'o an' Ins sins over again on earth 7" TUC BHI>. 