(Ftrtmb*. Bray in. Emersons. Darl'ng out. Jonah No. 1. Cuzco ai rived. English letters. The Marionettes. A reconstruction. Again, poor Rowley 1 j. Summary on Monday. Bootmaker's difficulty. Another Jack in office. Brighton Flower Show. Ssnkey eulogices Deakin. Organ rccital at 8 o'clock. Professor Ive3 this evening; The Exhibition is safe now. A Ministi y with two heads. Twelfth anniversary I.O.G.T. Shuffling of Ministerial cards. North Adelaide Baptist picnic-. King Thebaw getting arrogant What a lucky lot the Jaeks are* Amateurs at Semaphore to-night. One Jack out and another Jack in. Dr. Seabrook gone back to Glenelg. Hon. George the member for all Si A St. Paul's entertainment this evenings J Land laws getting still more involved. Bunny will have another year's respites Yeoman's menagerie goes on to Sydney. Plaisanterie won theCzarewitch Stakes. Will Thebaw's new Protector help him t Minting has won the Middle Park Plate. Rowley has no "fine disdain" about him. Chairman of Committees caught napping. Mr. Darling has gained a new experience. Two heads are not always better than one. Reimers on all things under the sun to-night. £4 per acre refused for a standing crop o£ hay. We shall hear more about that reconstruction. Long-nosed folks again growling at Barford. Not much chance of rabbit legislation thisyear. The Council are working this week—thrc& days, At least two ? more Jonah's on board Stats craft. Everybody's Friend at the Semaphore tonight. A peep at the Catacombs at Glenelg tonight. Reimers on psychic force to-night—no rafters. As great a nuisance as soap-boiling—coffee* roasting. Eight thousand troops wanted for British) Burmab. What a lot of sympathy was flying about yesterday! Mr. Darling's valedictory speech the besthe has made. Ayes;22, noes 15, for the return of Ocean Dock deposit Ocean steamer Wallace gone on the roska at Greymouth. Don't go near Puheney-street when coffee is being roasted. Hypersensitive olfactory organs — a regular Coglinism. King Theebaw has started a quarrel with the British Lion, Quite a fatherly lecture from Sammy to Johnny yesterday. Assembly majority want to return- all Ocean Dock deposit. Mr. Barrow has been sentenced to six months' imprisonment. Bootmakers' dispute should be studied by advocates of protection. Josiah called Darling John an angelia being. Was he sincere ? The Commissioner ot Crown Lands agreed to make (not say) a dam. Owners of hypersensitive olfactory organs should keep out of town. Off with the new and on With the old— that'ts John Downer's motto. The Customs tariff—" A colossal piece of' work"—introduced by a pigmy. Hurry up with your exhibits for the Colonial and Indian Exhibition. Hon. Simms spoke yesterday! Thought rabbits should be exterminated. Onr Zoo could not secure even the ourangontang with the melancholy look. Dunn, jun., sayB Brodie, like the proverbial parrot, is a rum 'un to think. _ Are the working bootmakers to be the first to suffer from their own stupidity? The King of Burmah has suddenly become insolent to the British Government. Hon. Samuel^ doesn't think little Johnny has backbone enough forliia new billet, Indian Government asked for 8,030 troopsas a rod in terrorem over Master Theebaw. Sun rose at 5.21 a.m., sets at &14 p.m. Moon rose at 10.20 a.m., sets at midnight. John Brodie has been gaining ground in Sammy's estimation every day—lucky John! Our Civil service salaries amount to £342,468 a year. Cut them down, thafs the cry. Soliloquy by ex-Hon. John— Farewell, farewell, a long farewell to all my great--. ncss. John Downer to represent Public Works in Assembly—with John Maun in Speaker'sgallery ? A Victorian manufacturer declares thatliving is a great deal cheaper here than in- Melbourne. Russia now wants to uphold the Berlin- Treaty—nothing to be got at present by breaking it. Familiar Similes.—As pale as a ghost. Asplain as your nose. As brave as a lion. Asred as a rose. Modest Hon. George isn't politician enough, to say whether Ministerial changes are for better or worse. What a shame that the only man in the House fit for Commissioner ot Public Works should be again ignored ! Parliament is not to be trusted with settlement of Parliament buildings dispute. Why not, if Ministers can't do it ? Halbury folks advocate homesteads for married men only. Good so far, but what about widows with families? Six months' opportunity for meditation to- Brother Opie for thinking a revolver was a proper means of mending a family jar. Sammy trusts that Johnny's trip to the "more civilized part of the world" will have done him good. Complementary all round. Out of the numerous editions of the revised Bible published by the Oxford University only three typographic errors have been found. Though John Brodie " can't express his thoughts in choice language he can thinkwell," says John Dunn—just what Jack's parrot could do. Twenty-six weeks' board, lodiring, and' washing for illegal use of firearms at Kadina. Caution against taking the law into one's own' hands, especially when within coo-ee of a Police Station. Paying your addresses to a penniless fairone under the impression that ehe is an' heiress, and on discovering your error,, having the option of marrying the young lady or of being shot by the young lady'sbrother. If the establishment of factories will in* crease the value of land, they may be sought after; but when the highest speculative value has been reached, the residents are at liberty to discover the inconveniencies and agitate or their removal. Shakspearian crumb for to-day— Look how we can, or sad, or merrily, Interpretation will misquote our looks. Henry IV., Part I. Speaking of this colony, Marshal Boothsaye:—In South Australia alone we haveforty-two stations; and in my recent tour of that colony I ascertained that a vast amount of social, as well as spiritual, good has been effected through our instrumentality. A large number of people there have been reclaimed from inebriety and infidelity. A lady who has been abroad was describing some of the sights of the trip to friends. "But what pleased me as much as anything was the wonderful clock at Strasburg." " Oh, how I should like to see it, gushed a pretty young woman in P iak * am so interested in such things. And did you see the celebrated watch on the Rhine,, too?" 