\- — Fenny Savinqb Bank,— The amount r, deposited in this bank on Saturday Inst was .-.1 .All 4s. Gd), the number of depositors being 93\. Fivo now accounts wore opened, r '_ " Help for tub Widow.— In our fourth Enga win do lounu me use ot suusenpuans i aid of Mrs. Grulkc. It was unavoidably crowded out of our last issuo. Railway Alterations.— The Railway ' Department have decided that In the future . . the name Lyndhurst crossing on the Warwick to Toowoomba lino shall bo altered to that of Roscblll. , , Stbanob Death.— A peculiar acccldent It.:. : occurred i\t Saodgntc, on Wednesday after-- ' noon last, which unfortunately terminated- j. ;; fatally. Allttlogirl two years. of ago bad , picked up a skewer and wbUe running she slipped and fell the skower running' through her heck causing death within a few hours ..n,JUaf forwards. . . . The Sepajiation Question.— That the . question of separation is ono which docs u6t seriously affect the minds of Quccnslaodcre ./..II residing in England may. bo judged1 by ;tho foot that at a recent meeting held in London' .A.II to dlsouss the Separation question thcrcwcro' less than forty persooB present and none' of .these individuals of any no to." I , Queenblandebsat'Hohb.— Dr.Dolierty,, " who for many years bos taken a prominent ... part in Queensland politics, and has recently 'returned to the old country, has"signihcd . . .. his intention of coming forward ns a candi- ' dateatthe coming- general , election" for the . . representation of Meath in' the -Houso -of- ' Commons. " ! .v &' cbubor Blown Down.— On Thursday lost a stono church, which is In coursorof- , inc.11 erection ab Carl ton Hill, Gymple. for the use . of the Roman Catholic portion of the com munity, was -blown down during tho Icon- ali;,7(/tinpanco of, a strong southerly, gale, j Al- . though' the damago Is somowhat extensive, ' Ip estimated that the necessary. repairs con be effected at a comparatively small outlay, r. -ni.oi .the Photeotion op Native Birds.— In Saturday's' Govtrrwient QaztUt a notice' On') appeals storing that the parish of Crow's Nest and .'Douglas, situated in tho county .v/oi7of.:Cavendieb, and the parish : of EW- Cteck, situated in the county of Aubigny, ,( ,:haTe been temporarily reserved for: the ;pro- .' j' l .teotion . and .preservation of the toilcgalla, or scrub turkey, the bronzewing, and nil ,wUd .- .vupigeons, the emu, the regent bird, and quail. Tenders Accepted.— It Is notified in? Saturday's Government QaztUt that the foi- . . ' lowing tenders have been accepted Fifty . low-side open good9 waggons, .Queensland. Railway Carriage Waggon and Tmracar Com pany, Al, 493 16s. ; second section Highflclds branch Railway— J. W. 1 Barry and iCo., £89,201 As. Cd. ; 100,000 squared slcepors— .James Mulroonby, £18 per hundred.' ( ' 'Lands Open for Selection.— In an other column will be found en advertisement , , intimating that on and after the 10th pro. ' .anumbcr of Crown allotments situated In . , the parish of Djuan .will be thrown opcii for " ! selection; The lots which' number .27 vary . "'?/ iff area from 146 acrcs 'to 695" acres, the t', i purchasing price ranging from 203/10 25. . per acre. ' 4 ! Railway Extension.— The Northern v-nlino was opened for .traffic hs far as Torrens' Creek on- Monday last. Torrens Creek is. situated about 179 miles from Townsvilloand 05 miles from Hughenden, and it is considered . that this additional length of 82 miles of Ktailway carriage, will bo a great boontojtbo selectors during the present dry season, j The Mubgrave Election.— Amongst tbo'.candldates .spoken' of ;'ns coming forward to represent the Musgravo electorate in tho f. Legislative Assembly aro - Messrs. P. . Walker, of TownBville. and W, 'Wimble) of Cairns. The names of Messrs. Hubert, and \- —0/ Simpson have also been mentioned, the latter gentlemen It is stated having intimated his intention to stand as a liberal scparn- tionist. . .The writ for tho election will1 be . V j v 1 a/ l which < 5p.,ppnti(othei ;cglfpn, it:nppoars tjmt i -j jafcjbhtiqfehaypllnnao arrnngomcntg to «C flowers ' odinirorfffSttffiJsW'Wmbly -Itooosion K%;-tbo Mth'.'UimtnSvl&TOPta.;'' Arrango- A- r-mcntohWhSfflitaWirWiifhloh the publio tiatfflH'ndJolimtlwhlehartthii closo'of tho KxHItonllibeiiwloM>ykUuetlon, tho pro- .ceeds to go: to' the-. Hospital > Committee! to .(t/improve thegrounds,, - : v- ; Visit of Sims Reeves to the Colonies. SifU-Welearn from nn exchange that. " Messrs. Bignold and , Alison have engaged the great1 iv - -English tenor singer, Sims Reeves, .-for a tour ' "'through the Australasian-colonies 'and New'' Zealand. Mr. Sims Reeves .wilt sing, during, "'"fcls'stay in musical plays,- In concerts, and in oratorio. Ho will return to England .by way of America; Ho is expected to atrivo. here by the end of February or the beginning .of March! next/ ! ' ! ' . I -1 j » ; iKAUdUBAWoN OF THE DISTRICT OFFICES op the ,"A.kl. P. Society.— Tba establishment fttilof;h5 district office in Toowoomba In connect tion with the. Australian- Mutual Provident ''Bdeietyv was celebrated by a social gathering \- held last evening at the Olub Hotel, whon tithere'weroa lergo number of rcprcscotativo' \- gentlemen present, tho whole affair passing v-f off very sncecssfoliy . Owing to the crowded fi isUto of oar colnmns, wo are compelled to bold over a full report of the proceedings 0.pntil, next issue. , . \ Detebmined ( Attempt to Commit . BuioiDB.-r1A somowhat dcternncd attempt was mode on Saturday evening by a woman named Stewart, wife of . an engine-driver;, residing in Ipswich, to commit suicide in .the 'lihimcr. '' It appears the unfortunate woman', bos for some time past been of unsouqd .ninlndj and on Saturday ovenlhgwas observed to go info the Bremer by a driver of the' rfshunting' engine, .who was standings the ' xailwAy bridges .Ho . gave the Alarm, and; . 1 with' the aid of a porter, named McKowan,' ' unfortunate' woman was rescued from.. ..bcr.periloia pcettioni" .. - Wells on tub Middle Ridge.— Wo r rcgrettolcarn thatosonooftheconsequcnces ot the present disastrous drought, the wells 6,1 sunk by the Middle Ridge Sblro Council are all going dry, and scarcely any water is now obtainable 'in any part of tho Middle Bidgo. \- .The Shire Council have taken vigorous steps to obtain a9upply for the ratenaycr. and a well is now being sunk at the Boundary Bridgo, East Swamp. Men arc employed night and day, and wo are requested to stato that it is. thought probablo a supply of water will bo obtained to-day, Tuesday. The Old Story Retold.— A despatch. from Nice announces the sulcldo there of a Russian Prince, Alexandre .Gagarine, in; consequence of enormous losses at Monaco. J Thlimakes tho iwenty-ninth suicido' since the commencement of the year from the same cause. The list is still further added to by the suicide of a Toulouse judge and an Anglo- Frenchman named Raby. 1 be latter, when ruined, came home, wrote a despatch to . hie sister; telling her of his despair and suicidal intent, lay down on a sofa, and discharged a pistol ball into his mouth- and another into —bishcart. How to Diboover truanoy.— Tho Sal larat Courier states that a simple but effee -Itiw- method of enabling parents to discover \fhbh their children have been guilty of truancy has been adopted by Mr. W. M. Cox, TEcad- teaclier of tho Macarthur-strcet State school.' Ho has obtained a "doting stomp," '"imdJcacb morning and afternoon the home ' lesson books of the children present are Stamped with it j so that by looking Into his "child exercise book any parent can tell whether the youngster attended school or ' not. The expedient is a very simple yet a 'very effcctivo one, and points to still another infliction on the nineteenth century boy, for as sure as he plays the truant now he will bo found out, A Rowdy Aldemian.— Tho Municipal Council of North RockLampton sre cviduntly :not a happy family, as at their last meeting It became necessary for tho Mayor to call in the' aid of the policomair to eject 'Alderman Macree, who had been guilty of extremely disorderly conduct duriog the progress of tho business. Tnn School op Arts.— The annual meeting of subscribers to tho School of Arts will bo held at tho institution on Wednesday evening, when the principal business' to bo disposed of will : be tbo reception of the annual report and tho election -of ofHttafs for tho coming year; - A motion- . tabled by! Mr. F. Q'Reilly,. " That tho 'reading" room bo open on Bundayshetween the hours of 2 and 6 p.m," will doubtless evolio a large aiqount otdisoussioh,' as it-is understood1 ' that many of the : members ' strongly object' to pliblio institutions be opened on tho Sabbath; j .The Line Fbom Ipswich to. Warwick. — The question of tho direct .;llnc -from Ipswich tp.'. Warwick . oropped 'unV in the Legislative Assembly.; on . Wedhepiay; night inst when, Mr/ Horwitz 'asked r when tho plans, Ac. 'of ;th6 'first section -of tiie airect lino from' Ipswtch.'to Warwick-would bo ready, so that the assent of Parliament arald. be given daring tho prcsont sesaioii. | The Ministcrfor Works, in reply to the question stated that tho pressure of' vrorkprccluded .the possibility of 'the 'plans' arid -sections being ready' to-be placeq before ; Parliament this session. | i Lord Dkbdy on the COLoNiEa.-4At a political 1 meeting held -. at Blackbaril on Saturday n!gbt:the somewhat "cxlmorilinary statement .was mado-byrLord DcrbyiiT the counoof .his speech ;thatlbe' doubtedlvery maph:. .whether Ithe .colonics ' carcdl for the establishment. of closcf -rclations with Great Britain. Whether1 the nobis Eari was .referring to tho prospcotsof future federation, or fclt nggrioveq at the very dctcrmincd tonc assumedby Victoria relative to.Lord Derby's dilato'rincs8 in ' connection/with' tb'o' German annexation ;of New Guinea remains to bo guessed at; ,' ; . ' i .'r Sydney Univerbity Examinations,— The annual - examination '.for::schidrsand jiiniora.held in conncction'.withthe Sydney University, opened in Toowoomba yestbrday at the Grammar School under the supervision of a local committee. For the senior exam-' jnatlon two males from iho- Grammar School presented .themselves .'and for '-tho: junior.' fonr-mnlcB. from ; the.- Grammar School,! and twp fcmnles frbm tho : Grange <Yoang.L&dics; School., Wo.:fihall 'make arrangementafar- telegrams to be 'despatched Lrom tho ynl- -vereity to this offlce, immediatelythtrreanltr of the examinations are known. ! The Shop Employees' Half-Holiday — The.sbpp cmployeeBof Ipswiclike those of Toowoomba,- have lately becn'atatlng for a weekly half holiday. It appearg,that pieir offorts have- been crown bd with,succeas 'q8, the proprietors of twenty business , establish'-'- mcnts in Ipswich have agreed to1 closi their, business ' places on' and- after the 6th No-' vember every, Thursday, aftcrnoon at one o'clock. If tho half-holiday - movement can bo succerafully- carried out inTtho towd -of" Ipswich there Is surely no reason' 'why a' similar arrangement cannot - be worked -in Toowoomba, and doubtless a little energy on tho part of' the employees could bring such a1 result about. 1 OfiiOKET.— On Saturday Inst a match was played on tho Toowoomba Cricket Qroqnd/ between.. the. Debating- Society— C.O.- ptul All-Comer's team, The, captain of the AU- Comcrs winning the toss decided to J feo to tho wickets, and -succeeded in" scoring 116 runs.' 'Ncsbitt with 25 to his credit, bo- ing thc to'p- Bcorer. j The ; Debating Society- then went to the wickets and scored 64 riihs, of which 'Hodgen made 22, < As only one innings' each bos been played, the match will, bo resumed next Saturday., L7\ Groom did ood- scrvicb with tho ball- for theODftbat ng Society, while . F., Groom and Dight did similar service for tho All-Comers. t - nAPiriUK— : j v ondo o, To-morrow, E Oat. 16.' '' "fcHi : : -V. . ' 8 P'®' ' - reton ... Wednesday.', i ...... v., ...t.. Oct. 21. I " i'/: i. : 'AP fe hk p.m. : |3A. )te.— All steamers land passengers at j :bnmpton. Wharf, ..thus .avoiding the ' ibipment into. tender;. ': R MACKAY AND TOWNBVILLE— JH eton ... . ...I -> Wodncsday, I 1 \x Oct. 21. ' - . . ; .rv. L: iiw4: ... 'A' Celestial ParliJentabv Repbe-, bentative.— A somownat new\dclparturo in Parllanicntry . elections ia, reported fioin New South Wales, where it confidently asserted that'Q'nobg1 Tiirt. the well known Ohln$se, philanphroplst, is about to ' contest r thp: electoral district ' of Illawarra. '.It appbarB, that QuongTartlaheld in high esteem by the electors of Illawarra by tho maniicrim which he has interested himself In all matters tend; ing to the welfare of tha commonwealth, ahd' especially for hiB. numerous, iicts of -"benevo'-. lence; Quong Tart is 8q weU.known."for his crusode;ngainBt tho opiqiuj traffic and other, abominations which his .countrymen bo/ flagrantly carry on thAt his ehanocs pl Success' aro looked upon as almost ceytoin'.!' 1 V A Clerical Impobteb. — A gcntloman'of color who styles ; himself; as the V. Rpv. B. ft. Anderson',!' has been tredting'thc good people of lnswich' to' 'another rhetorical treat from tho Blackall foaniaih'.; The' main' points of Mr. Anderson's 'address appear to cohsfsVof lamentations : over - the cruelty 'and hard, hcartednessof those malidons people who, ho: -urges, have endeavoured to throw obstacles in the way of his earning nn bdncst Uving. ..5lr. Anderson according to his : own' account ; is, cvldently'an 111 used man; and his ill luck has apparently followed him evch froin' Tasmania where after 'living for several' weeks on the tot of the land on the 'strength of representor tiotis that ho wfts an ordained clergyman of the Charch of England) ho was' found to bo an impostor arid at onco, drummed'-out bf .thatcolony. 1 ' ' ; .. TnE WBATnBR.— Up to the Hoar of oar going to press there was no change in tho weather to record) except that yesterday tho .atmosphere suddenly obaoged fr0m':cxtreme- hqat to rather severe cold. . During the day- there were slight indications of rain, and As wo go to. press It is cloudy and thrcatcnlng.- From"the reports received from the various stations, fine weather is apparently \predriml-' natibg thrbughont the whole colony.' Theqacf. tiooof tho prolonged drooght Is becoming such : a serious matter that It has been decided, to: hold a meeting, In theroomsof theT.u.OiA/ in Brisbane' this afternoon, to endeavour to: make arrangements for united prayer being, offered up for rain.1 From - our Sydney tele grams to band last night, it will bo seen that heavy :raln commenced . falling iin Sydney yesterday, with every prospect ofta con tinuance. ... . . : Mas. Dickson's dancing Class.— On Friday evening -last the close of Mrs. Dickson's dancing class -was .celebrated by a fancy dress ball, in which the pupils number ing 40 in all took part.". Each of the dancers was attired in a moot artistic and tastefully arranged- costumes, :and - their appearance would not have discredited a similar gather ing Iti any of our large centres of population. The music was' remarkably' good,; several ladies and gentlemen contributing dance music- during the evening, the instrument utilised bciiig a plajiof which .was kindly lent for the 'occasion by Messrs. Bcale and Co. The young' couples acquitted themselves throughout the evening in the most satisfac tory manner, and appeared to thoroughly enjoy themselves. Mrs; Dickson is certainly to be complemented' on tbo satisfactory ter mination of ber class, and for the very great proficiency which her pupils have shown in calisthenics, -The Subdivision of Land Dill.— It is understood that tho Government will only .proceed with that portion of tho -Subdi visions ' of Land Dill which deals Vltb tho width of roads and lanes. . European Affairs.— Affairs In tho ;Dalkan peninsula still assume a most un-- satisfactory position tbo crisis which has re cently arisen having now assumed an acute phase-- Matters are so serious that the Euro pean nations aro 'divided as to -the wisest cpnrso to bo adoptcd to preserve po&ce..; The attitude of Scrvia still continues of a .threatening nature, the Servian Government have mode claims for a farther cxtcntion of territory.,, yho members' of tbo deputation to the Sulton from the Bulgarian Govern-; racnt, who were recently arrested at 81am- heul,-have now been released; -o Roman Catholic Bishops of Ireland havo met and passed a ' resolution condemning the re cent outrages and the boycotting which has beenprevalent In Ireland. ; " Deatii of an old Darlino Downs Re sident. — A somewhat sudden death occurred at Glen Ifincs on Saturday last, when Mr. Joshaa Hughes, who for" many' "years carried on a butchering business in Warwick; dropped, ,dqad from his, horse. It appear tht .just 'prior tohis decease Mr. Hughes was 'fengagtil riding after a cow, when, without any 'warning, ho suddenly dropped off Ills horse on to tho ground. He was Immediately picked up, ;and medical assistance sent for, butho never regained consciousness, and died within fivq.. minutes of ; falling/ from; the: horse. The deceased was buried in tho Glen Inncs cemetery on the following day in the prcscnco of between 300 and 400 mournors, amongst whom were 40 members of the Masonic order of which body the deceased was a prominent member. Tbodeccoscd who leavcs-beind .him a wife, and several grown1 'up 'children 'was very well ' known to many in Toowoomba. Nsw Buildings in Brisbane.— Messrs. D. L. Brown and Co., tbc well known Ira- partcra and warehousemen of Brisbane, have recently erected, for (thcir convenience a- handsdme block1 of huildip(j8,'-flituntc'lln" Eeglc-Btrcct, Brisbane, to be utilised as stores. Tbc building which covers a large extent of ground, is three storiesin height, tbc top storey being surmounted by a vciy handsome tower.. 'The building ik approached by three massive' doonvays ail fronting in Engle-street, and every -'convenience has been mode for the reception and removal of heavy goods. Every. attention bos also been paid to the comfort of purchasers, extensive show rooms havingr been provided for tbo display of goods.-. Tbo building Isonoof the handsomest w Brisbane, and reflects no small credit on Messrs. D, L. -Brown's enterprise, . \\\Te have "fccelvcd a photogrnpH" of the. new building?, nnditiaunderBtood that Messrs. D.L. Disown intend- presenting each of their castomcrs with a -similar photograph ' of : their hew storcB. l i. a v. ' h \ T VfoujDead in tiie . BD6ir.—A report has' been received'by the Inspector of' the local. police from Senlor-Constablo' Donald- son; stqtidjid (it Chlnchllln, that, on the!7th inirtaothe, received Information from a man nanie<f Ghat-les -.Caldwell to the effect that the de&dI;!hody of a man had been found in tho; "bush ' between' Miles and Bridge. Creek;'. From Caldwell's, statement it. appears". that ' btthe time of finding theibody/he bad hiinsclf bced two dayb. wandering in tho bush when to hissurprificj'lio came uponthe deceased, who, to-' judge from'1 appearances, :had.becnrdcad about sir pr-seven -weeks. . Caldwell, further 'states1 that :thc' deceased wns/a shorf mah with"re<lbdh,-ahd wnb 'apparently :in7rcry poor cbrchmBtaricea,'. -'.Caldwell says .thab ho would ba-unable:tp find his way back: to where ho.saw the b6dy,a»'he Is no bnsknian, but ho has' given 'such particulars that thcro is'but littlc dou'bt but that the police wilt bo' able 'to- find tbc body; ' ' A : police party has already started to make a search for (the ; twdy.with.theyicw.ofiits interment.'!.'/ ftne. Employment of Colobed Labor/ Froti,; time to tiraa 'repeated 'complaints' have b'ccd made' by those, .'engaged In sugar growing, that the .Government were adopting I tha'lScat nibans to stop the. Industry; j by j placing ridiculous ; restriction on the employ- jm'ent'of Polynesian 'labour.'- How. tor tticsG 1 complaints holtf water,- irprov'ed by 'a state ment raadp! in the Lerislative Assembly on Friday evouing. by tho Colonial Secretary; in 'reply ton question .piit by Mr. Black; as to tho estimated riiiniber Of Poljmesians now in tbo bblOny; -It' was stated) that tho number1 of Polynesians now in1 Queensland, was 10,646,, 1 1781' brwhom'had'arriVed. during the' just twelves-months'.' ' Barely with ten thousand odd Polynctians/ih the colony, the Govern ment cannot bo justly accused of endeavoring to criish a struggling Industry, as it is termed, but what they- do (< insist upon, is that' tho colored labot; if importcd into tho colony, 1 shall be properly treated; "and after some of the revclations whicb havo been mode during the' past few:'inonth9, this:is not to be wonaeied'at. ' ; ' .TOo.wpGsi dA PoLlOE Cqt7BT,—At tbo local Police . Court, yesterday, beforc tho Police Ma- gistrato, ' J pseph' . Charles Reynolds was fined ,10s. for! disorderly conduct in the public streols onBuriday;,,- Another member. of the hoodldrnj-class nnmcd John Rafter, was charfi with . attempting .to rcsouo a prisorier fibiii'.tbOjCiistbdy !df ".the police," assaulting Constoblembaid in the execution of bis dutyj olto.'hssauUihg Constable Cummins and dcstcoyiog.ljce' uniforms. ; . The -nrisoncr did' riot appear having ' been nllowea out on bail, but' it .appeared from the cvidttocc ol the arresting. cons tiiblQ that on Sunday tbo' 'm9ticHado.dcaBiqn to ; arrest a man named' Reynolds; on' a ' chAfgo ofa iriisconduct, when Raftcr rushcd id,,', and. after making uso of 'mcetvioent-tohguage, 'endeavoured tq rcscuo Reynolds /froirn 'tho .custody -'of 'tho .police. A! regular 'disturbance ensued during which the constables were 'seriously assaulted, and it,, was qnly-wltli difficulty that the prisoner coul'd be lodgedtothe lock-up. Forattempt- ing to rescue afprisoncr, Rafter, was fined £5; Ifor' assaulting; the' two constables n fine of'£5 In'each'iristarico.was recorded as well' 'as'£3'10s/for -damnges to tho constable's' uniforms,1 A man -'named .John Jones, who bad been found clambering over tho walls' pf1 the reformatory on -Saturday night was fined £2, in default, 14 days, ; ' ' , . , ExploratIqn in' Northern Queenb-' !iiAHD.At(tpe.' monthly, meeting, of the, Sydney brauch'ofthcrltoynl Geographical SoCicty'of .'Australia, heTd ori-tlio Stb.i'nst,' a very interesting paper o'a Exploration In Northern/ Queensland, .wis read by Mr. R. Meggy, .on behalf of Mr..Christio Palmer- ston', a well! known explorer commU'aioncd by the 'Queensland Government' to inspect the ricwjy.'rcportcd goldflclds,' situated In tho 'ndghbornpoq of the -River. Johnstone.' Mr. Palmor«ton'! ih '.detailing- the .circamstoiiccs attending his .trip, stated, that. he'tind two black boys left tbc Hcrbcrton on December 21st,' 1884; taking 'with them a plentiful supply, of ratlobS.of ftirdescriptions. After four.days travelling the- patty arrived at tho new rush, which' Is situated on a creek empty ing itself - into. the North' Johnstone,: 18 miles above Gerald town. . Various' prospecting experiments were'mndo'at the creek, but tb? result 'of the bperatios. were' not' by. any meaDS Batlsfactory. . Owing, however, to the jogged, focks'hqd roUgh. country. generally which bad to b&travc;'Bed the party suffered materially iff .cut fc'ct,'atid instead of extend- ingtKeir tour as wasat first intended they were compelled to return to Geraldtqwn and pur chase refit. ' Ibls'bnving been obtained theporty again' Stoitcd bufno satisfactory results accrued, affd' they' eventually retufneq by way of tbo Barron to Qerbcrton. Tbc trip generally speaking appears to'bavo been far from pleasant, as besides' suffering frorq severe cold,' sffakes, and poisonous iosccts; thc: party . wcrc subjected to continual annoy ances a', the hands qf hofitilo natives. At the coriclaaion of . the , paK;r a heftrty vote of thanks was awarded to the explorer for ids trouble in preparing the, information tor the benefit of the society , ' DsATn op Old Colonists in Nbw South Wales.— By our Sydney telegrams which camo to hand last night, it will be seen that the doAth is reported of two well- known and respected colonists. Tho first Is that of tbo Hod. Professor Smith, G.M.G., who expired at his residence, -Maequaric- street, Sydney, yesterday, at the ago of 63 vears. During the deceased gcntloman's life, ho was one of tho most deeply respected men .of tbo community, taking a deep in terest in all tho' social and pelitical.qucstions of tbo day. During his residence In tho colony be took an activo part In the manage ment of tbo University, and was Also a member of tho now defunct board of National Education. Ho, was also president of the Council of Education, and tor many years chairman of-ibo- board-of dirootors of the MumiaI Provident Society. The second death referred to is that of Mr. Wm. Wallis, another old rcsidontot Sydney, .who expired yciterdaydft his:.74th year.-' During his life he was a prominent contractor) 'and under took tho first contract In connection with the . Parraraatta riiiiwny. -' A Terrible - Case' of. Burning.— a terrible accident caused by. 'fire occurred early on Saturday morn jog; at. GlcDcairo, neat Umbit6m; the residcnde'of Mr. 'Donald Macintosh, -by which his1 'eldest daughter Miss Mary Macintosh nearly io4t her Ufa. It appears that Mr. and' Mrs. Macintosh were on a visit to Toowoomba, and during their absence Miss Macintosh was attending to somo washing, and while stapding near a fiiti which 'bad-been lit under a boiler in'th'o yard tho wind caught her dress, and blew it into tho fire, the result being' that in less than a moment tho unfortunate girl was In a complete blaze. She, had, however, the pre sence of mind to call her two younger sisters who were the only occupants of , tho house to . fetch soldo' blankotk/and wrnp: £hcm round her, but beforo this could' bo1 done, Miss Macintosh was severely burnt about tho lower extremities. Miss Macintosh remained in tbc greatest agony until the return of her parents, when it was decided that she should bo brought into Toowoomba in order, to 'obtain medical -ail vice, 'Tbiid was im mediately done, and on tho patient being convoyed to the houso of Dr. Armstrong he deemed the cose of eo serious a nature that he ordered her immediate removal to tbo.. hospital; ' This direction was speedily obeyed,' and under the care of Dri-- Flood, hopes are entertained that Miss Macintosh will speedily recover. Lecture on Westminster Abbey.— The lecture on Wcstminstcr.Abbey. and its associations," delivered in tho' Wcslcyan Church last night: by tbo Rev J. Cranfield Warner, wa9 fairly well attended for such .an. unfavorable ..night,— After-ringing.. and. prayer iho Rev. F. Diicsbury introduced the. lecturer, who began by describing thd situo-' tion, .surroundings, . and founding of- the Abbey, and detailing tbc many Interesting legends associated with Us chequered his tory. He referred to the various crowned heads who had enriched and embellished it during their reigns, and; pt some of » the incidents -and scenes surrounding their coro nations. Then came descriptions of 'tombs'- and monuments, and .ot the ' thrilling' hi&-: tories crystalised in them, Tho poets,' oat. thors. statesmen, travellers, discoverers, war riors/l Biicntists,- pbllahthrdpists,' and- theolo gians buried under its -solemn shades were; passed 'in rapid r'eview. The earthquakes, robberies, fires, murders, and ghost" stories' linked up with its fnmODs bistory'wero finely .presented. A special feature bore, was. tbo story of the coronation Btonc. reported, to. bo tuo stone pillow upon -whion- facob slept1 at Bethel. The closo of tho leeturo-was a. truly cloquqnt and .thrilling peroration upon the greatness' and "glory' oMitbfnturc, art, commerce, science, and' religion rcpresented- ,byand,cnshrincd within tho Abboy, . Those who ' gathered In the Church wore abun- '.dantly rdwarded by tbo treat proridod by ;,tHe'Te6tur6, , ;pkij.fi;of Cardinal McUlosket.— In ;buc Reuters telegrams, whleb we publish to- day,. will be found the announcement of . tho I death of Cardinal McOloskey, Archbishop of New York. in his 75th year. Hisemmlncnco John McCloskoy, hold the ofilco of Cardlnnl Prlcst'of tho Holy Roman Church, yonrt. was ' fiftbjbishopiand second Archibishop offNowj Yorki 'He was born In Brooklyn; -New jYork,; in March, 1810,-iecclved his early. classical: training atNew,- York, and.- subsequently1 entered Mount', St.'Mary's Collego,' Emmets- burg, Maryldndj, 'iftridj aftor graduation pur- sucu;hlB theological studies in tho .seminary connected T with | that college. He . was or dained priest in';St,i Patrick's Cathedral, New York, In January, ;1834, and soon after thus-visited Rome, where "for -two years ho attended'tbo lectures In the: Roman college., Hp, wiUjthon, appointed pastor of the Ohurch : of' StM Joseph) ? and subsequently was ap- Eointcu president of 8t. John's College, ncari 'ordham, New York. In 1844 ho was conse crated, coadjutor to the Rlght. Hcv.John .Hughes, then | appointed- Bishop, and !at a !! later , period. Archbishopi/of New York, '. Ho ..was eventually' , installed . na Bishop of Albany, and in 1864 on the death. oi . Archbishop Hughes,. .Bisliqp. McCloskoy Was transferred to the Vacant see. bya pontificfal brief bearing date, May 6th, ,1804. In 1875 be wins raised to the dignity, of. a. cardinal-priest by Popo Pious IX,. and. in 1878, Pope' Leo XI II' conferred' on ; him t,ho Red- Hat". During bis" ltfd the deceased' cardinal was very activo in promoting the in terests of , tho; church throughout the sec,- faaving established protectorates tordestitute children, a foundling asylum; an institution for deaf and; dumb girls,- homo .for . aged women, a.Gormah hospital, and asylums tor- poor' old people; He, ;also introduced Into tho - uiocose . several., religious < orders whlcli hod previously -po, bouses therei Tooty oom oa Hospital. The. ; " usual, monthly" mectiog;bf tbc. Committco of tho Toowoomba Hospital was held yesterday' afternoon, at.rthe Court House. .Present- Messrs. B. Aland : (chairman), Munhy, Hol- berton, Scbolefielil, M4Irityrc, Stephens, -and Gfoora . , J Dr. Flood ' was alto inttcn'danco. Tho minutes of the previous mectingwero read and confirmed; ' Tho medical report for September was rcad'as follows In- patients lost' report, 18 ; . patients received daring; tho month, . 41 ; -total, ' 69. Discharged,.. 27 ; died, 2 ;, remaining 1st October, 30., Tbo, deaths - wero thoso bf Michael O'Brien, of typhoid, foyer, and, Rlcbord \ Mbnjjq, .of typhoid' foVcf; A letter was read from the Rev. Clifford Power, ODclosingachcque:tor £18, the proceeds of an amateur concert) to be devoted to providing medical comforts for patients In the hospital. A letter was read from tho Secretory of the Darling Downs Horticultural Bdclety, osklhg.thc Committee to corporate with tbc Society' in. baying a "hospital stand" at the Show bf tho Society to be hcid on tbo 18th nnd 19th of November,' tho plants placed on -such stand to bo sold for tuo benefit of tho hospital. A letter was read from the Commlttcovof tho Ipswich Hospital, asking that a member, of the Too woomba Hospital Committee be appointed to form one of a deputation to wait on the. Colonial Secretary to ask- for tho subsidy of £2 tor £1 to be continued on tbe samB received from paying patients. It ..was decided to send a reply, that tbc - Committee did not opjiosc the' dcoision of the Government, nod declined to join in tho proposed deputation. Tenders were- then opened for painting the exterior of the hos pital;' and 'that of McssrSrBIakc'and'Long was acc<q>tcd, on condition ibnt they would agree to do th'o -work iff; tlio . time fixed by wri Marks.' A letter was read from Mr. Evans, stating that he could not proceed, with bis contract for painting until the BOtli instant It was -decided to call tor fresh tenders for tlio work, and that Messrs. Murray and Stephens net (is a rub-committee to consider them and decide upon the lowest Thb accounts for tho month were then pre sented, examined, and' passed for payment, to the amount of ,£111 14s. 8<1, After some .other formal business tbc meeting closed, . The Melbourne Cup.-— Wo notlco that a sweepstake consultation Is being stnrtcd in Toowoomba on the forthcoming Melbourno Cup, Wo think this very preferable to the custom which has so long prevailed of send ing tho money to Melbourne or Sydney. There, la a alight eccentricity' in the manner of the distribution, tho first horso of- courso securing principle money, whilo, the second horse gets the smallest and tho third horse will hare the second larger amount.' Attempted Suicide of Colonel Ike Austin. — Matters ovidently ' havo not .been progressing satisfactorily .with Colonel Ike Austin, the well-known rifleman, ns off the 'let Inst, he attempted to commit suicide at Bundabcrg. It appears that for some time past Austin hns been in a . very -depressed state owing to money difficulties, and on the dato mentioned aflcr bidding adieu ito a friend named Lawrence, he went down to tho river bank, and cut his throat. Fortu- ffntclyAustin 'was 'discovered before the effects of . his rash act - had assumed Very serious proportions, and he j was accordingly removed to tho hospital vyhcro the wound was stitched up. According to latest advices Austin Is slowly recovering. : The Adulteration of Liquor.— During the discussion In the Assembly on tho clauses In the LlcensingBiil, referringCo thoadultcra- tion of liquor, thofollowingpractical common senso speech was!dcUvcreu by tho momber for Warwick Mr. Horwitz. He said:— "That very .often tho .publican was, , blamed for selling badIliqaor;when hc was quite Innocent of it. They had a vcry'imhortautBillbiiforQ them, and' ho considered tho adulteration clauses tho principal' part of it.' The Govern mcnt could not'do"bcttcr than'to appoint (to officer to teat all spirits iff bond, nnd if ihef did that a great deal of tlio. spirits at. present fold) not only In Brisbane, but in other plhceg, would novcr leavo the bonds/ Ho knew that a great deal oMnferioi: spirit' was Impdrtcd into tho 'colon/. Persons who were in j tho' habit of importing spirits sold them to: the wholcsalo wine and spirifmercbants, who in. their turn sold them to the publicans, j lie thobght itwt.uld be very hard 'to mnko a. publican liable to a penalty of £100 or £200 when tho! llquora'hc . sold wero : In the same condition jas when'iio pttrcbnscd them from the wine nnd spirit merchant. If a publican' could show that be purchased the liquor as it was found; by the InBpector.he should not be iiuuiu iu uuuiHuuiuiii, uub ii lie Jiiucu 10 uo that he should suffer the' 'consequence's of' having adulterated liquor on his premises. Ho would suggest that nn oflicerjliQUld be nppointcTl'to examine all spirits In bond, nnd that tho. same j officer should afterwards go- from Jono public-house to another, "and' wheii hebad finished in Brisbane go to Ipswich and Toowoomba;' affd 'cvcnf 'to "Warwick", " iandv examine the liquors kept by tho wlno land spirit merchants in thoso -places,- and then thoso tho publican bad in stock. If thntjwns done it would not be necessary to do anything more." I Toowoomba Turf Club.— A meeting of members of the Toowoomba Turf Club Vrns held on Saturday evening at Mr. Long's hotel for tho purpose of electing stewards and other office bearers for tho coming racq meeting which it is intended to hold In op. about. December, next. . f There was -a. Jarge' attendance of 'members, tho ' llod jainca .Taylor occupying tho chair. Mr. G. B. King having expressed a hope that tbo olub would bo placed on. a satisfactory basis, nnd, ilmtmembers' would recollect that tho races; jvould be for the benefit of tho town gano-j rally, tho Secretory stated in answer to a; question put by tbo Chairman that tbo alub at present numbered 102 members 58; of .wb?m Iwd paijl , up .their subscriptions, j It was alsojtate'd that th'o club was in a vpry prosperous condition, there being nt present a.sum of £121 16s. <n tbc bankito the 'credit, of tho club. Tho question of tho appoint ment of stowards was next considercd/whcn. it was decided, on tho ; motion ; of MrJll. Faulkincr, that tho numbor should be limited" to seven. The following gentlemen -SycreJ then nominated : — Dr. Garde; Messrs;. G. iG. ; Cory, W. R. Robinson, W.i. Gentle; ' i R.f .Faulkincr, 0. M. Paul, J. Long, J. WIlliatnB, R. W. Scholefield, J. Scully,. Miillcffdfnhn.'- J, Cumming, J. ilenncssoy, . and ; E. : Tierce. ' Off a. lmllot being taken , tbo Ifoltowlng gentlcmon wero declared.! elected Dr.. Garde, Messrs. G. G. Cory,- J. Williams, |J.: Lopg, W. Gcntle, ,W. R; Robinson,' and C. M. Paul. j'THo question, of the appointmcntj of' secretary 'was next considered, the Chairman : expressing :nn opinion that: tho. 'position should bo filled, ffy a salaried :ofilecr; , Mr.iR. Faulkincr, bowbver, suggested that ns tbo club I was only indts infnucy an honorary secre tary would (bo better, and accordingly .offered ' bis, services.' Mr. Brookes on tbo otbcr.bnnd consldcrcd'tbat tho work qonldiDot, bo dano offiaicntly by an honorary secretary, and contended that a paid .ofticial should bo en- 'gaged. This latter suggestion was put |to the meeting nnd carried almost unanimously. A' cngthy discussion , of a conversational character ! then ensued,; when it was; de cided! that; the Secretary's salary should jbc '£25' for tho first year, and ' that tenders 'should. bo called for;peraops;. competent and willing io 'do tbo work, the selection of a candidate being left in the bauds of fbo President. Vice-President, nnd Stewards. The Secretory read a letter which, hq hod received frdra'Mr. H. W. Bond/ spiting tliat ho rcgrcttcd ! that tho bmcolot; valued at ;&0 guineas .which he intonded to present tho club could not begot ready by tho Christmas meeting,- but; would. be ready -.torithd 'Juno .meeting. . -This having, concluded tho business a.yoto of thanks . to tho.. Chairman; : brought the mcotihg:to.a.clopc, V:../ n;,.,- . i»; 1 