NIHA; Or- Darkness «ej«5 Rayiiglri. CHAPTER II— Ediih Hastings goes to COLLIXCPfrOOD. The question Edith, had asked herself, standing by her chamber window-, was answered by Grace Atherton sitting near her own. ' Yes, the 'bride of Eichard Httmngj ton must be perfectly happy, if bride indeed therd 'were.' She was beginning to feel some doubt upon this point, for, strain her eves as Bho might, she had not been, able to detect the least signs of femininity in the passing carriage, and hope whispered that the brigateefc dream she had ever dreamed might yet be realised. e Til let him know o-morrow, that I'm here,' she said, as she shook out her wavy auburn hair, and thought, with a glow of pride, how beautiful it was. ' I'll send Edith with my compliments and a bouquet of flowers to the bride. She'll deliver them better than any one else, if I «an make; her understand what I wish her to do.' Accordingly the next morning, as Edith. Eat upon the steps of the kitchen door, talk ing to herself, Grace appeared before her with, a tastefully-arranged bouquet, which she bade her take with her compliments to Mrs. fiicbard Harrington, if there was such a. body, and to Mr. Richard Harrington if. there were not. 'Do you understand ?' she asked, and Edith, far more interested in her visit to Collingwood tiiaa in what she was to do whan «he reached there, replied, ' Of course I do ; I'm to give your com pliments;' and she jammed, her hand into the pocket of her gingham apron, as if to make sure the complimente were there. Tm to giv* them to Mr. -RicharcLif there is one, and the flowers to .Mrs. Eichard, if there ainV Grace groaned aloud, -while old Rachel the colored eook, who o& aH occasions was E&t;&'ft champion, removed her hands from the dough she was kneading, and coming: toward* them chimed in, ' She ain't fairly got it through her har, Miss Grace. She's such, & substracted way with her that you mostly has to tell her twicet,' and in her own peculiar style I&achel; succeeded in making the ' subtracted * child- comprehend the nature of her errand. 'Now dtvnt go to blundering was Rachel's parting injunction, as Edith left the yard and turned in the direction of Collingwood. It was a mellow September morning, and after leaving the main road and entering the gate of Collingwood, the young girl lingered by the 'way, admiring the beauty of the grounds, and gazing with feelings of admiration upon the massive building, sur rounded by majestic maples, and basking so qoiefljr in the warm sunlight. At the marble fountain she paused for a long, long time, talking to the golden fishes which darted bo swiftly past each other, and wishing she could take them in her hand ' just to Bee them Bqttins.' ' I mean to- catch otie any way,' she said, and glancing nervously at the windows to make sure that no Mrs. Richard was watch ing bee, she bared her round, plump arm, and throst it into the water, just as -a foot step sounded near. Quickly withdrawing her iand and gath ering up her bouquet, she turned about; and saw approaching her one of Colling-: wood's ghosts. She knew Mm in a moment, for she had ieard him. described too often.' to mistake fliat white-hatred, bent old man for other than Captain Harrington. He did notchide her, as Bite supposed he would, neither did he seem in the least surprised to see her there. On the contrary, bis withered, wrinkled face brightened with a look of eager expectancy, as he said to her, 'little «iri, can you tell- me where'-Gharlie: is?' ' Charlie ?' she repeated, retreating a step or two as he approached nearer and seemed' about to lay his hand upon her hair, former* bonnet was hanapng ; domx- her back, and; her wfl& g£psy locks fell in rich profusion about hsifcoe. ? I dour* know any bo j%y? that Tiivr'« I'm nobody tucbpdifcb ISasiiage, ? Mrs. Ai&erton;'s waiting maS, and^ehe don't letme play with boys. Only, Tim Doolittle and I went lmcfelebecrying once, bat Ivbate; him, ha b»»-such great warts on 'bis hands 5' arid having thus given her opinion Jof^Kioj Dooliflie, Bdifli snatched np lierTxjnnet; aud 'placed it upon her head, for £k»i old mam ira» evidently determined s to touch.! her crow-blaek hair. Har answer, now^ever, changed the -cur-; rent of his thoughts, and' while »- look -of intense pain flitted across his face he whispered mournfully, ' The .same old story1 they alltelL I might have knows, it, but this one looked so fresh, bo truthful, that I thought maybe she'd seen him. Mrs.; Atherton'B Traiting maid,' and he turned' toward Edith — ' Charlie's dead, and we all walk in darkness now, Richard and all.' This allusion to Richard reminded Edith cf her errand, and thinking to herself, * I'll ask the crazy old thing if there's' a lady here,' she ran after him as he walked slowly away and catching him by the arm, paid, ' TeE me, please, is tiere any Mrs. Richard' Harringtoff ? T 'Not that I know of. They're toept it from m© if there is, batthere's Richard, he can. tell you,' aad he pointed toward x m«n in the distant part of the groujads. Curt eeying te&er; companion, Editk ran o£E 'in do^'the jn^w^Ued %alk. . -;v.' ; 'ICS'-I ^1 jwwttder wh^ niakeB him eet hi feet 'winter,* and the barefnat little girl glanced at her naked toesj feeling glad they were foe the present out of torture. By this time sh6 was within a few rods of the strange acting mxm, who, hearing her rapid steps, stopped, and turning round w£th a wistful* questioning kok^ sam, * Who's there ! Wfco is it ?' The tone of his voice was rather sharp, and Edith, paused suddenb/, -while he made an uncertain movement toward her, .still keeping his ear turned in the attitude of ia ienselBffeiiing; ..''?: '. 'I wonder what he thinks of |me ?' wa& Edith's mental comment as the keen black eyes appeared to scan her closely. Alas, he was aofc thinking of her at all, and soon resuming bis walk, he whispered to himself, *Th.ey must have gone some other way.' Slowly, cautiously, he moved on, never dreaming of the little sprite behind him, who, imitating his gait and manner, put down her chubby bare feet just when his went down, looking occasionally over her shoulder to see if her clothes swung from aide to side just like Mrs. Atherton's, and treading so softly that he did not hear her until lie reached the summer-house, 'when the crackling of a twig betrayed the presence of some one, and again that Bad, troubled voioe demanded, ' Who is here ?' while the arms were stretched out as if to grasp the intruder, whoeverit might be. ? - - Edith was growing excited. It reminded her of blind man's buff, and she bent her head to elude the hand which, came so near entangling itself in her hair. Again a pro found silence ensued, and thinking it might have been a fancy of his brain that some one was there with him, poor blind Rich ard Harrington sat down within the arbor, where the pleasant September sunshine, stealing through the thick vine leaves, fell in dancing circles upon his broad white brow, above which his jet black hair lay in rings. He was a tall, dark, handsome man, with, a singular cast o£ countenance, and Edith felt that she had never seen any thing bo grand, so noble, and yet bo help less as the man sitting there before her. She knew now that he was blind, and. she was almost glad that it was so ; for, had it been otherwise, she would never have dared to scan him. as she was doing now. She would not for the world have met the flash of those keen black eyes, had they not been sightless, and she quailed even now, when they were bent over her, although she knew their glances were meaningless. It seemed to her so terrible to be blind, and she .won dered why he should care to have his house and grounds so handsome when he could not see them. Still she was pleased they were go, for there was a singular fitness, she thought, between this splendid man and his surroundings. ' I wish he had a little girUtkeiae-jfcoiead him and be good to him,' was -her next mental comment, And the wild-idea. crossed iier brain that possibly Mrs. Ather ton wouldk let her come up to Col lingwood and be his waiting maid. This brought to mind a second time the object of her being there now, and she began to \ devise the best ; plan for delivering tfye bowfue£. ' I don't beljeve he cases for ^he compKment#j' \g][ie said to herself, * any tray, Fll keep them till apother time;' but the\ flowers, how should «he give those to himrf She was beginning to be very much afraid of the figure-eitting tliere so silently, and at last mastering ail her courage, she ffave a preliminary cough which started Sim to his feetj and as his tall form towered above her she felt her fears come back, and scarcely knowing what she was doing she thrust the bouquet into his hand, saying as she did so, ' Poor blind man, I am go ; sorry, and I've brought you some nice flowers.J\ The next momeuit she 'was gone, and Richard heard the natter of her feet up the gravelled -walk ere \he had recovered from his surprise. . Who Was ehe, and why had she remembered him\ ? The voice 'vras very, very eweei, thrilliBgl him. with, a strange melody, which carriem him back to a sum mer sunset years ago, When on the banks of the blue- Rhin^p he haol listened to a beauti ful, dark-eyed Swede\ singing her infant daughter to sleep . Then the river appeared before him, cold and gray with the November frosts, and on its agitatad Eutface he saw a little dimpled hand disappearing from view, while the shriek of thedmrk-ejed Swede told that her child waagone. A plunge — a fearful struggle — and he held the limp white object in his arms ; He bore it\to the shore; ne heard them say that hev had saved its life, and then he turned .aside to change his dripping garments and ^rtaa his icy limbs. This was the first picture Vbrbught to his mind by Edith Hastings^ voice. The second was a. sadder one, and he groaned aloud as ho remembered qow from' the time of the terrible cold\ taken then, and the severe illness whictt followed, his eyesight had Tbegun to failA- slowly, very slowly, 'it is. true— aaad for years b.p could not believe that Hiefflyffla.^ad in store for ; him bo sad a .-€ai^f.' \ *^3&gi;|it bad come at last-^-dayliglit n£d ^fe«Sjea?lpit and' the night wait dark around himL - Once, in ids hour of bitterest agony, he Ji^i pursed that Swedish' bai-y,wishin^rifc,it||tT(^isBed in the waters-of tireSiiiiej-ei^^hW^gred it at so fearful a sacrifice. ^ui^jliaM-najsfenied of the wicked thought; he 'w&k; glad, he saved the pretty PefcreVjs cliild, evfenthongh he should never see her face ag\aan. Hb knew not where she 'was, that girmsh wife, speaking her brokea-English for th^ sake of her American tusband, mho vraa not always as kind to her ashe should have been. \He had heaxdiwtidingsofnerBincethatfgtaiatatemn, He had scarcely thought of her for^n-onths, btrt she came back to him now, and |t was Edith's voice wMci bronglit her. ^ ( ^ ' Poor blind man,' lie whispered iloudV * How like that was' to 'Pitre&i; v'»melfc ;-^ie; said of my fa&ez;, 'Poor «oft old ifiaV;''*; and tnen be woTidere4agaS» yno Ms ^viBitori had been, and why she had left him so abrnptly. : \\\' ';''??..''?'/',?'?'???'.?'?'.:?'??'-.??. It Was a child, he knew, »nd he prized her gift this Biore ^fe*-fhat,- feriBachardSsAH^i: ton was a deir bvef of chilar«^: 'ai#M.; idsHedtte fair bouquet MHeirouMnot^Tlr ki^edittadneL^ownfrom wTiomit^^ ;Bss^ ^-l^#^:|^e^|e^^^^ flTfty back ±0 iie Mub^ ^d ordeni^^« of the costly vasus in bis rponx to ^ Bhm iwitft-Wter,:jie %lw^:.i^v:flp.wra'ciKe*® Berre them' for the sake of bis unkndwS aee Mr. Harrington kiss the flowers she had brought. ....- ' I'm glad they please Mm/ she said ; * but how awful it is to be: blind ;' and by way of trying the experiment, she shut her eyes, and stretching out her arms, walked just as Richard, succeeding so well that she wtts beginning to consider ife ra&er; agreeable than otherwise, when she unfortunately ran into a tall rosebttsb, scratching' ner fore head, taagEng her haitv and stubbing her toes against, its gnarfed roots. 'Taint so jolty to be blind after all,' she «jaid. * I do believe I've broken my toe,' and extricating herself as best she could from the sharp thorns, she ran on as fast' as her feet could carry her, wondering 'what Mrs. Atherton would say when she heard thai Richard Was blind, and feeling a kind of natural delight in knowing she should be the first to com municate the bad news. (to be continued.) 