THE PSYCHICAL 80CIETX TO ME EDITOR. Sir— Your capital leader in yesterday's issue compels me to offer some remarks by way of corrections, which will enhance the power of its instructive arguments. My .ex planations win aiso prevent uuHuaueruuuiu ings in quarters where information is yet fragmentary and vague. The Dialectical Society is not a Cambridge institution, but was started in London for investigation of any new discovery, ond, on the outset, bitterly opposed BpiritualiBm. The re port of its Bub- committee, affirming' the spiritual (so-called) phenomena, bewil dered the leaders of the Society by the unexpected result. The Cambridge Psychical Students' Society was organised much later, and elected me as an honorary member, bo I may speak on authority to assign the ' Ghost Club' to quite another quarter. Sceptics, either professional scientists or amateurs, are non-existent among practical researchers. I . think this fact to be of vast importance for those who cling to big names in the ranks of disbelievers. Huxley and Tyndall will by this time probably regret their rash conclusions. Trickery and fraudulent mixtures with the genuine are to bo met with in every concern in contact with human hands, consequently in the trade market of the BenBational phenomena, Tho most mo mentous tricks, however, are those of ' exposerB,' who show on tho ' stage' what never is and can be done in well- conducted circles. They impose on the credulity of the ignorant, aided by tho disposition to ridicule, A few paltry real admixtures with the genuine serve as a 'bait' for a lecture, and the rest is managed by barefaced falsehooda. The London Research Society deserves credit. for putting a check to the30 monstrous. abuseB, and will doubtless succeed in re ducing the illusive side of spiritualism and. destroying that of materialism — a task worthy of Bupport and sympathy. The- principal facts under discussion have been and aie obtained in laboratories of the most able and conscientious scientists and in. - private circles of persons of unimpeachable character, and as the whole movement wilt1 probably sweep time-worn traditional errors off sober truth your discreet ventilation of; its aspirations must earn tho thanks of all . . readers and progressive minds. I am, Sir, &c;, C. RMMERS. 