AVENEL. FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. I regret to have to record the par- ticulars of a very painful and danger- ous accident which happened to Mrs. Whitford on Thursday week last. She was sitting close to the fire in the early morning, feeding her sick baby, when, on turning suddenly round, her petti- coats approached so close to the fire that the blaze caught them, and rush- ing outside, as ?????????????????????? the case in similar circumstances, to ob- tain assistance, she was at once enve- loped in flames, and, before aid could be given, her clothes were completely burnt off to her waist. Her whole body was frightfully scorched, but I am glad to be able to say that, under the care of Dr. Grey, she is now in a fair way of recovery, but is, of course, still in a very weak state from the burns and conse- quent severe shock to the system. As is, happily, so general in Australia, her immediate neighbours have done every- thing possible to alleviate her misfor- tune by sitting up with her day and night, and taking charge of her family of young children. A very exciting football match against a full team from the Melbourne Locomotive Sheds was played here on Saturday last. The play all through was much faster than is usual in country matches, and also much rougher, the visitors playing apparently as much for the man as the ball, so that some heavy falls occurred, although, happily, with- out serious injury. Avenel was un- lucky in losing the toss, and had to play the first half against a strong north-east wind. On being kicked off, the ball was quickly worked round the west wing towards the Avenel goal, but as quickly returned towards the visitors' end, oscillating for some time from one quarter to the other, when at last a be- hind was kicked for the visitors. The ball was now forced along the east wing towards the visitors' goal, but, on a doubtful mark for Avenel being dis- puted, the ball was bounced and the game continued for a few minutes, when a number of the visitors with- drew, being called off-by the captain, who, it appeared was not satisfied with the umpire's decision ; and, before their withdrawal was noticed, the ball was kicked through their goal. A short in- terval occurred to arrange matters sa- tisfactorily, and it was eventually agreed not to count the goal. On resuming play, the ball was quickly marked to the Avenel goal, a behind being the re- sult. From this the play was nearly all on the west-wing, Avenel securing one behind, and, for the rest of the time, keeping theball in dangerous proximity to their opponents' goal, without, how- ever, being able to break their defence ; and a splendidly-contested game ter- minated in a tie—the score being 2 behinds for the visitors, to Avenel's 1 behind. ================ On Saturday morning a workman who was endgaged in excavating a part of a foundation, in Bourke street east, unearthed some gold, which appeared to have been secreted in a hollow between several of the stones which formed the (by no means substantial) foundation of the tenement which had been razed to the ground. The lucky workman, and those of his fellow workmen who were considered to be entitled to a "share," sold the gold to a goldbuycr for £4, and divided the money. It is surmised that the "plant" was that of some Chinamen of bygone years, for it had evidently been there a very long time. Latest Paris Fashions. At a fancy dress ball lately held in Paris, each lady dressed as a flower. You might there meet your "darling Mignonette. " Madame Bernhardt, considers the French papers have insulted her, by stating "she was to play" at Berlin. Beautiful girls are sacrificed to appease the anger of the gods, amongst the Mediter- ranean races. The Ojibbeway Indians believe in fairies, and see thousands dancing in a sunbeam. The N. Africans bury their dead "Greek fashion." "They bury them sitting, and are right careful, when the sick man is at the point of giving up the ghost, to make him sit and not let him die lying down. In the recent sittings of the Lunacy Com- mission, positive evidence has been given of a number of inoffensive persons being con- fined in the Asylums. ———————— (CONTINUED FROM OUR LAST). It has been said that the highest in- duction, resembles inspiration ; but it would be much better to say what we mistake for the highest induction is nothing more or less than inspiration, or impression. It comes to the man who ponders, but it also comes in the moment when it was least expected, and when the mind was most passive, and therefore most impressionable—most receptive of ideas from without. Let us discard the gratuitous hypothesis that man can create or conceive a single idea. He is just as incompetent to do so as to create matter. He can trans- form, combine, dissolve, and re-con- stitute, always in obedience to certain well-ascertained laws ; but he cannot create ; any more than a plant can create the light and air, and the chemical properties of the soil by which it is nourished and sustained. Like it, he is receptive, and what the sun is to the flower or the tree, such is the Most High to what Alfieri calls La pianta umana. Every idea comes to man from without, from the inexhaustible fountain of love, and light, and knowledge. Are there no such things as innate ideas ? Primarily no, but, in a secondary sense, yes. For, as ideas are the only reali- ties, and endure accordingly, each in- dividual mind brings with it into new existence the ideas impressed upon it by the Most High in all previous exis- tences. And hence, the seemingly in- superable distance which separates the mental condition of the Earthman from that of a Bacon, a Newton or a Herr Kruse. 'His' mind is stored only with the ideas acquired during its passage through the mineral, vegetable, and animal forms of life ; but 'their' minds possess all these ideas superadded to which are such as were received in scores—perhaps hundreds—of incarna- tions ; nothing being lost but the images temporarily stamped upon the brain during each successive existence. When this was destroyed by the change called death, these fugitive images dis- appeared, and were incapable of being recalled or revived by the new apparatus, provided for the mind in its new body. Just as you may obliterate from a sheet of glass the photographic reflection of a figure, a landscape, or a building stamped upon its sensitized surface by the sun. That sun is not a property of the glass, but an incident. The same sheet of glass properly prepared, may be made use of for the reception of an in- definite number of negatives, provided it is thoroughly cleansed before each operation ; and this imperfectly and ap- proximately represents the relationship if the mind to the memory. But what ever ideas are communicated to the former from its Creator, either directly by impression or indirectly by the avenues of the senses from His works—which ???????????????????????????????????? are incorporated with it—if the expres- sion may be allowed—and are an endur- ing possession. A perception of this truth finds a vague expression in the 72nd. 73rd, 74th and 75th stanzas of the third canto of Childe Harold, and es- pecially in the lines :— "I live not in myself, but I become Portion of that around me. . . . . Are not the mountains, waves, and skies a part Of me and of my soul, as I of them ?" And a more definite allusion to the progress of mind through matter appears in the following lines from the 13th canto of Dante's Inferno, by way of an appeal from an injured tree : " Wherefore tear'st me thus ? Is there no touch of mercy in thy breast ! ' Men once were we, that now are rooted here,' They hand might well have spared us had we been The souls of serpents."' I need not dilate on the physical rela- tionship which subsists between our- selves, and the globe upon which we live and move and have our being. We are, have been, and shall be an integral part of everything we see. Our bodies, —blood, bone, muscle, flesh and tissue —are being constantly disintegrated and decomposed, and as constantly re- built and reconstituted. There is thus an incessant interchange of material between us and the atmosphere, the earth, and the vegetation around us. The interdependence of all terrestrial ob- jects is, in fact, susceptible of scientific demonstration ; and inasmuch as "the invisible things of God from the crea- tion of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made," that is to say — that are objec- tively presented to us—we may infer from the law which governs the visible things, that a corresponding law governs those which are invisible. In other words, the human mind stands in the same relationship to the mind enveloped in the bodies of animals and in all forms of vegetable and mineral life —dead matter is a misnomer—as the human body stands in to every organism. Advancing a step further, and pursuing the analogy thus suggested, what do we find ? That, to quote the words of Pro- essor Tyndall, all terrestrial power is drawn from the sun, and that every mechanical action on the earth's surface, every manifestation of power, organic, vital and physical, is produced from the sun." This great truth in physics points to and covers one still greater in relation to the mind, which underlies and is enfolded by, the "things that are made." What the sun is to the material world, that is the Father's love to the world of mind, of which that matter is but the external manifestation and palpable presentment. (TO BE CONTINUED). 