A Judge's Ghost Story. THE Fortnightly Review relates the following remarkable case—a case so strange (it remarks) that it will need the high authority on which it comes to satisfy the reader that he has not passed unaware into the region of romance. We received it from Sir Edmund Hornby, late Chief Judge of the Supreme Consular Court of China and Japan, who describes himself as "a lawyer by education, family, and tradition, wanting in imagination, and no believer in miracles." He first narrates how it was his habit at Shanghai to allow reporters to come to his home in the evening to get his written judgment for the next day's paper. They generally availed themselves of the opportunity, especially one reporter, who was also the editor of an evening paper. He was a peculiar man, reticent about himself, and, I imagine, had a history. In appearance, he was also peculiar. I only knew him as a reporter, and had no other relations with him. On the day when the event occurred, in 1875 or 1576,1 went to my study an hour or two after dinner, and wrote out my judgment. It waa then about 11.30 o'clock. 1 rang for the butler, gave him the envelope, and told him to give it to the reporter who should call for it. I was in bed before 12 o'clock. lam a veiry light sleeper, and my wife a very heavy one. Indeed, it is difficult to rouse her out of her first sleep. The bed—a French one—faced the fireplace; on the mantel-piece was a clock, and the gas in the chandelier was turned down, but only so low as to admit of my seeing the time at any time of the night, for—waking easily and frequently—l often smoked a cigarette before I went to sleep again, and always desired to know the hour. I had gone to sleep when I was awakened by hearing a tap at the study door, but, thinking it might be the butler —looking to see if the fire were safe and the gas turned off—l turned over with the view of getting to sleep again. Before I did so I heara a tap at my bedroom door. Still thinking it might be the butler who might have something to say, I said " Come in." The door opened, and, to my surprise, in walked Mr. . I sat up, and said : "You have mistaken the door; but the butler has the judgment, so go and get it." Instead of leaving the room he came to the foot edge of the bed. I said: " Mr. , yon forget yourself! Have the goodness to walk out directly. This is rather an abuse of my favour." He looked deadly pale, but was dressed in his usual dress and was certainly quite sober, and said : " I know I am guilty of an unwarrantable intrusion, but finding that you were not in your study I have ventured to come here." I was losing my temper, but something in the man's manner disinclined me to jump out of bed to eject him by force. So I said simply: " This is too bad, really; pray, leave the room at once." Instead of doing so he put one hand on the footrail, and gently, as if in pain, sat down on the foot of the bed. I glanced at the clock, and saw that it was about 20min. past 1. I Mid: " The butler has bad the judgment since half-past 11; go and get it." He said : " Pray forgive me; ifyou knew all the circumstances you would. Time presses. Pray give me a precis of your judg ment, and I will make a note in my book of it," drawing his reporter's book oat of bis breastpocket. I ■aid: "I will do nothing of the kind. Go downstairs, find the butler, and don't disturb me, you will wake my wife; otherwise, I shall have to put you out." He slightly moved his hand. I said : " Who let you mr He answered : "No one." "Con found itP I said. " What the devil do you mean? Are you drunk?" Ht replied quietly : " No, and never shall be again; but, I pray your lordship, give me your decision, for my time is short." I said: " You don't seem to care about my time, and this is the last time I will ever allow a reporter in my house." He stopped me short, saying: "This is the last time I shall ever see you anywhere." Well, fearful that this commotion might arouse and frighten my wife, I shortly gave him the gist of my judgment in as few words as I could. He seemed to be taking it down in shorthand; it might have taken two or three minutes. When I finished he rose, thanked me for excusing his intrusion, and for the con sideration I had always shown him and his colleagues, opened the door, and went away. I looked at the 'clock; it was on the stroke of half-past 1. (Lady Hornby now awoke, thinking she had heard talking; and her husband told her what bad happened, and repeated the account when dressing next morning.) I went to the court a little before 10. The usher came into my room to robe me, when he said: " A sad thing happened Last night, sir. Poor was found dead in his room." I said, " Bless my soul! dear me ! What did he die of, and when?" "Well, sir, it appear* he went up to bis room as usual at 10 o'clock to work at his papers. His wife went up about 12 o'clock to ask him when he would be ready for bed. He said, 'I have only the Judge's Judgment to get ready, and then I have inished.' As he did not come, she went up again about 12.45 o'clock to his room and peeped in, and thought she saw him writing, but she did not disturb him. At 1.30 o'clock she again went to him, and spoke to him at the door. As he did not answer, she thought he had fallen asleep, so she went up to rouse him. To her horror, he was dead. On the floor was his note-book, which I have brought away. She sent for the doctor, who arrived a little after 2 o'clock, and said he had been dead, he conclnded, about an hour." I looked at the note-book. There was the usual head ing: "In the Supreme Court before the Chief Judge "The Chief Judge gave judgment this morning in this case to the following effect" —and then followed a few lines of indecipher able shorthand. I sent for the magistrate who would act as coroner, and desired him to examine Mr. 's wife and servants as to whether Mr. had left his home, or could possibly have left it without their knowledge, between 11 and 1 on the previous night. The result of the inquest showed that he died of some form of heart disease, and bad not, and could not have, left the house without the knowledge of at least his wife, if not of his servants. Not wishing to air my " spiritual experience" for the benefit of the press or the public, I kept the matter at the time to myself, only mentioning it to my Puisne Judge and to one or two friends; but when I got home to tiffin I asked ray wife to tell me as nearly as she could remember what I had said to her during the night, and I made a brief note of her replies and the facto. (Lady Hornby has kindly confirmed the above tacts to us, as far as she was cognisant of them.) As I said then, so I say now—l was not asleep, but wide awake. After a lapse of nine years my memory 1b quite clear on the subject. I have not the least doubt I saw the man have not the least doubt that the conversation took place between us. I may add that in the morning I had examined the butler—who had given me back the MS. in the envelope when I went to the court after breakfast—as to whether he had locked the door as usual, and if anyone could have got in. He said that he had done everything aa usual, adding that no one could have got m if even he had not locked the door, as there was no handle outside—which there was not. I examined the coolies and other servants, who all said they opened the door as usual that morning—turned thekeyjand undid the chains; and I have no doubt they spoke the truth. The servants' apartments were separated from the house, but communicated with by the gallery at the back, some distance from the entrance hall. The reporter's residence was about a mile and a quarter from where I lived, and his infirmities prevented him from walking any distance except slowly; in fact, he almost invariably drove. Edmund Hornby. 