TURF GOSSIP. BY AUGUR. The Victoria. Amateur Turf Club has put forth a capita] programme for this afternoon, and if the elemental will only prove propitious there will be a large concourse of people at Caalfield. Thenew Btand outside the grand stand enclosure has been nearly completed, and willbe available, and the addition to the principal edifice has been sufficiently ad vanced to allow visitors to. stand upon it. I expect to see some close and exciting racing. The SaplingStakes will attract a large field, and among the starters I presume will be Edith, who has changed hands, but Mr. Weeks declares that he has a better in Garibaldi,-and if it be true -then the Italian nero Bhould. be the first to catch Mr. Vowles's eye this afternoon. He was pat up to auction on Wednesday, but as he did not reach the reserve, he returned to his Caulfield quarters. Uranus and Inuendo have both displayed an ability to gallop in public, but neither could extend Kditb at Geelong, and upon that form the daughter of Glorious should hold both of them safe enough. Louise Berta, who made her dibUt at Moonee Valley, came there with a-great reputation. Jones, her trainer, told me that he believed she was a better filly than Edith, but she failed to prove this assertion. However, some excuse can }>e advanced on her behalf, inasmuch as she was one of the last to get off, and lost so much ground that it was next to impossible to make it up. Mistral is another Darriwell filly that I like very much; in fact, of all the two-year-oldB I've seen this season, I think the descendants of Darriwell are the most promising, not perhaps for two-year-old spurts, but for races over a distance of ground. They possess all the soundness and sweet temper of their sire, two characteristics which trainers value greatly, and ere another decade passes Victorians will have cause to regret the loss of this son of Tim Whiffler. ME C. Hart has a very smart filly in Olemency, by First King from Pardon, a rare mover and a quick beginner, which is half the battle in a spurt of three furlongs. Sir William Clarke's representative, Anita^ ifl a memberof the Neckeregat family, and being Half sister to Tyropean, she should be able to go fast* She is only a pony, standing 14h. lutti she inherits the family speed. Likethe rest of Mr. W. E. Dakin's youngsters, she is buffering from a slight cold, and if it don't affect her to-day she should canjrthe Sunbury baronet's colours into a forward position. To sum up, I've a fancy for Bonn. GARIBALDI, and ANITA to fill (he places, aha if anything splits them it may be Louise Berta or Clemency. The Hurdle Race will probably create a very keen contest / The Agent heads the list at 12sfc lib., soot'Ma commission in his favour has been executed, I presume the handsome little son of Slanaerer will carry Mr. Hart's colours. If lie be among the starters, and Ferguson have the mount, he will probably once more prove his superiority by winning. I've always maintained that at Wyndham ana in the V.R.C. Grand National Hurdle Race Huntsman did not show his true form. The I cannot tell; but if he be himself afternoon, and Corrigan or Scobie carrj'the colours n& will finish in the front yaufcpheet Anchor has accepted, but he will start. Star is said to be a cer tain "goer.* His friends Beem to fancy his chance, aM fl the old son of Panic ib in great form, be may do all that his particular mends asafttt bpt he is one of the horses I don't care toinjet under any circumstances. Guardfiah has done well since the Grand National meeting, and as he will not, per haps, be ridden such a cut-throat race as he was at Flemington, he may turn the tables upon TheAgent, whom he meets upon Sib. better terms. Agitation ia in the same stable as The Agent, ana whenever Bhe is backed she will give a good account of herself. Hippo griff took kthdly to hnrdleracing at the first time of askinj^and not a few believehe will win this afternoon. Tattler, too, should run for* ward, bat I've an idea that Duration will beat the pair. . He is jn great form, and in school ing has been jnmnipg remarkably well. The Ghost, it is mid, lias also acquitted himself creditably In private at the jumping game, and Oculist and Raven are reported to be proficient If TantaHser can jump cleverly, I think he will win, lor he showed good _ form on the flat at Deniliquin. Insolvent will be better served by two miles than three. Vulcan will probably be reserved for the Grand Na tional Steeplechase, and Aoe will have toirn Srove considerably upon his Flemington form ) have a chance, ^ tnooih i»e no w meets hia opponents upon much better terms. I hear excellent accounts of Devises, who is to be ridden by M'Gowan, and if he is as good as 19 asserted, he may upset the favourites, with a doubt surrounding The Agent, I shall select Tantaliser, Guardfisb, and Hunts man to Gil the places; and if I had to reduce this to one I should choose GCABD FISH. The Selling Race may go to GOLDTOP or SCAKAMOUCHE, and then the Grand National Steeplechase will attract attention. Lizette, who now heads the list, has done well 6inoe she last scored avictory at Caul field, a course for which Bhe and Governor have always shown a partiality; and thoueh the public has a marked preference for lighter weights, one of these two muy upset their calculationa Governor on Thursday morn ing seemed to have a lot the beat of Reticent in a rough gallop; but the latter is in receipt of 16lb., which may make all the difference. The Ualiarat division will be represented by Wymlet and Sailor, who finished first and i second in the V.R.C. Grand National Steeplechase, and if they stand up one or the other ought to win. Wymlet hit nearly every fence nt Flemington; but the obstacles at Caul field are not so formidable, yet the ground upon which Bome of them are erected is only newly made, and I expect to see more than one competitor floundering about in front of the stand. Granville ran well when last he figured at Caul field, and Reticent won the V.R.C. Maiden Steeple chase easily enough to warrant his friends in anticipating greater things from him. Sailor is well enongh in at lOst, and all going well he Bhonld make a bold bid for victory. Lady Ashton. Vulcan, Studley, and Black Angel are all leniently treated, but I expect to Bee WYMLET, SAILOR, and GOVEBNOK fighting it out for places. There will be a numerous field for the Balaclava Stakes, for which 1 fancy MENTMORE, PHANTOM, and HOHBTOOMB Another glorious Saturday attracted a large company to Moonee Valley, and again was there some first-class racing, all the events except the Selling Race producing most interesting contest*. Among the youngsters that put in an appearance for the two-year old race were several that had not previously appeared in public. Louise Berta, who was made the favourite, possesses all the cha racteristics of her sire Darriwell, but what ever chance she had was spoilt by the start, which was not a good one, though probably it was no fault of Mr. Watson's, for Bome young ones are far slower than others at getting on their legs, and they therefore are left when the flag drops. I liked very much a strong, useful - looking colt named Soudan, a son of Robinson Crusoe and Patch, and Joe Morrison had a very nice filly in Harmony, a daughter of The Drummer, and Mr. S. Miller sent to the post a Bmart youngster in Coo noop. S. Mahon, too, had a smart fitly in Pearleye. One of the plainest of the lot was Inuendo, but he belongs to a good family, being by Argus Scandal from Report, who is a daughter of The Marquis ana Explosion, by Fireworks from Lady Manners Sutton. I m a great believer in brood mares by The Marquis, and those who possess them are almost certain to breed racehorses. It was a tight fit between Inaendo and UranuB, the shortest of heads, and had the latter been as smart as Innendo when the flag dropped, the judge's verdict might have been the other way. Everybody was glad to see Mr. John "Whittingham have a winning turn, and 1 trust that this may be the fore runner of a long series of successes, for the Mordialloc stable has been terribly out of luck during the past two seasons. Myna, who showed a bit of speed at Geelong, ran somewhat unkind, otherwise 1 she might have been upsides with the leaders, for the friends of the stable said she was much superior to Coonoop at home. Another of the St. Albans family came to the front in the Angust Handicap, which produced a splendid contest, warfield just pulling through from Sister Unice and Pyrette. 1 was glad to see Kelly having a winning turn. He thoroughly understands hie business, and during the Bhort time he has been here be has conducted himself in a commendable manner. The Steeplechase fell to Scobeloff, who got over the country in a style that surprised everybody, for this was his first attempt in a steeplechase, and he shaped eo well that I expect we shall hear of him again in the same line. That Sister Unice can gallop, Bhe plainly demonstrated both in the first handicap and the Selling Race, the latter of which she won very easily. Lady Manners Sutton was a fast mare, and she has a speedy Bon in Berkeley, who won the Es sendon Hundicap cleverly from St Albert, who is a member of the famous St Albans tribe, and doubtless possessed the family gift of speed. The New Zealand horse Tasman was struck out of the Melbourne Cup on Monday, August 8. The scratching was handed to the secretary of the Canterbury Jockey Club, but it was not cabled. It is high time July and Trenton were here; If " their owners wish them to have any chance for the Melbourne Cup they must be here before the end of the month, otherwise their prospects will be the reverse of bright A capital programme has been framed by Mr. Cox to be disposed of at Moonee Valley on Saturday, September 5. There are live events, the first being the Spring Hurdle Race of 75 sovs., about one mile and three quarters; the September Stakes of 60 sovs. is a half-mile handicap, and next to this is the West Bourke Steeplechase of 100 BOVS., about two miles and a quarter. A selling race of SO sovs., and the Spring Stakes of 60 sovs. complete the bill of fare. Entries for the Hurdle Race and Steeplechase close at 4 p.m. on Thursday, August 27. Messrs. Wm. CL Yuille and Co. report having sold privately the stallions Purnim and Forward to go up country, and the well known hurdle racehorses G rattan and Foot man. On Saturday morning F. Leng, the well known Caulfield trainer, met with a very serious accident. He had placed his horses intended for Moonee Valley in a railway box, and, with one of the porters, was in the act of closing the door, when one of the horses suddenly moved round, and knocked the door down. The porter escaped injury, but Leng was knocked down, and the whole weight of the door fell upon his thighs, one of which was severely cut The injured man was at once conveyed to the Alfred Hospital, where he now is in a very bad state. The late Mount Gambier meeting was, I am glad to hear, a financial success, the sur Slus being £230. This should induce the I.G.C. to give even more attractive prises next season. Mr. E. S. Flint has forwarded a very taste fully-printed programme of the M'Donnell Range Turf Club summer meeting, to be held on the Slat of December, and 1st of January. The principal prize is the M'Donnell 'Range Cap of 100 sovs. " Verax." in the The Weeh (Queensland), says:-"f hear on good authority that Mr! Gordon has had an offer 'made him of £3,000 for Darebitl. That's double the price glveti for him, if not more. Jho .bid. came from S&n; Francisco, BO tha ' that tire horse is worth soine stuff. A Kentle r " ?. man who was at The Granke^bother day tells me that the horse looks m'spl«fiiid.trim. - and is to be entered for the exhUntlbnrhepe, p R when he "will no doubt come off wUfijMflylon' j.*. colours. Vespasian looks wonderfully WBTi,' despite his age, and so do all the mares. The matrons of the stud will commence foaling soon, and the dam of Grand Flaneur will be one of the first." The same autho rity states that a conference of dele gates from' the various leading racing clubs of Queensland will be held next month,: when, iu All probability, a set of rules suitable for all clubs in the colony will be agreed upon. I'm glad that there is a chance of the vexed question between the racing institutions of the sister colony being settled harmoniously. I notice that atCharters Towers Ben Bolt won the big handicap, after a ereat struggle with Petronel. At the settling £1,502 was paid over in stakes, so that the club gives some prizes which are worth winning. The most gratifying piece of news from South Australia is the acceptance by the South Australian Jockey Club of the offer ol Messrs. Blackler and Ferry to lease the old course. We may now expect to see a strong club formed Mid a good programme framed for the May meeting. The Roaehill meeting appears to have been a successful affair, as it was bound to be al so well-appointed a ground. Mr. Samuel Gardiner was the only Victorian represented, and he ran Magnifier in the Spring Handi cap, but, though she had a light weight, she could get no nearer than third- She ran in New South Wales last season, but never won, so by this time she must have proved rather an expensive filly. I hope, however, het owner will keep her going, for the Anglers improve with age, and she may yet win a race or two, and thereby help to pay ex penses. On Monday next owners of horses will have to attend to the ElBtern wick-park entries. The programme is one that will commend itself to all racing men. It commences with a trot for the three* minute class, and this is followed by a Hurdle Race, after which comes the Sapling Stakes, a handicap for two year olds ; a Steeplechase, Selling Race, Selling Steeple chase, and Five Furlong Handicap are the other events; and, judging from the large fields that figured at Moonee Valley on Satur day last Mr. Thomas Haydon ought to have a capital list to publish. While on the subject of entries, I may also remind owners that the general entries for tlic Hawkesbory and Australian Jockey Club meetings close on Monday, August 24. MiBS Woodford is still regarded as the best racehorse in America. She ran at the Ameri can Jockey Club meeting, and won a weight for-age race, one mile and a furlong, in lm. 58jfs. This mare is by llillet (son o£ Volti genr), and is idolised by her countrymen. Flat racing is making wonderful strides in the land of the stars and stripes, and bids fair to supplant trotting in the affections of our cousins. There are few, it any, members of the sporting community of Australia who have not heard of Mr. C. M. Lloyd, the owner of The Diver, Swivelier, and other good race horses. A straighter or more honourable racing man never trod turf in this or any other part of the world. He is one of the " white men"oi Riverina,and all who know him will regret to hear that through failing health he intends to sell his splendid Yamma sta tion in September next, and take a trip to Europe. The visitors to Wagga, Deniliquin, and Hay will miss him, but they will join me in wishing the squire of Yamma a pleasant trip and a speedy return to health. In these degenerate days we can ill afford to lose men of the Lloyd stamp. Neckersgat, as was the case last year, lias opened the season in South Australia with a victory, his daughter Maddelina having won the Sapling Stakes. This filly is the property of Mr. L. YVatson, and she is engaged in the Maribyrnong Plate and other important races of the V.R.C. Maddelina is by Neckersgat from Meg Merrilies, by Gang Forward from Chestnut Gipsy, by Clifton from Old Gipsy, BO that she belongs to the same family as Pride of the Hills. Maddelina was one of the best looking yearlings disposed of at Sir Thomas Elder's sale, where she was sold to Mr. Grant, the owner ot Newstead, for 310 guineas. What a slice of luck it will be if she should be as good as her relative who won the Maribyrnong Plate last year. Micawber and Trojan, who ran second and third to Maddelina, are also engaged in the Mari byrnong Plate-the former in the name of the well-known trainer J. H. Hill, and the latter in the name of Messrs. W. and A. Crozier. Micawber is-by Bolton Green from Charade, and Trojan is by Wild Eagle from Maid of Troy. Tarpeia, who won the August Handicap, descends from an excellent family, for she is by Gang Forward from Ro inula, the dam of Remusy to whom she is full sister. Isonomy, who gave the winner 211b. and ran seconds is engaged in the V.R.C. Derby. Mr. Samuel Reeves, a much-respected mem ber of the sporting press of England, died recently, leaving a widow and four children to mourn their loss. I notice by the last mail that the proprietors of the Field started a subscription on behalf of the widow and children, with acontributionof£100. Mr. Leo pold Rothschild, with £25, and many other sporting men with lesser sums, followed suit, and theAuatralian friends of Mr. Reeves-he had some relatives here-will be glad to hear that their wants are likely to be well provided for. The Marquis left some good brood mares behind him in England, and amongst them was Mayoress, the dam of a very good horse named Toast master, who still continues to win in the old country. By the mail 1 learn that Mayoress can lay claim to another winner in Beilby, Lord Hastings's three-year - old colt, who won the Meldon Handicap at the Newcastle meeting. Australia is to be represented in the list ot nominations for the J^lipse Stakes ot 10,000 sovereigns, to be con. at the Saodown-p&rk; meeting in 1888. By the last nail Dr. L. L. Smith forwarded to the .proper authorities the entry of his yearling colt by Liberator from Princess of Prussia. In appearance this is a very promising youngster, and on the ecore cf breeding there is nothing to be desired. His sire. Liberator, is by Irish King from the imported mare Mobile, by Monarque, sire of the great French horse Gladiateur. winner of" she English Two Thousand Guineas, Derby, and St. Leger. The oolt's dam, Princess of Prussia, is by, South Aus tralian from Cora, by Jersey from Queen of Trumps, who runs back to famous old Whirgig, maternal ancestress of a long line of eqaine heroes and heroines, many of whom have during , the past season carried the colours of tneir owners to the front I need mention only Ooronet, Ringwood, Blink Bonny, end Tasman to show what a success ful family it is. The colt nominated is a fair snecameu of the Australian thoroughbred, aud ilke should happen to proye a clinker, his spirited owner will doubtless send mm to England to measure strides with the cracks of the old country." The race is to be can at tUe Sundown-park Summer meet ing ot 18S§,;lnd the distance will be a tttfle ana a quarter. 4 , I W. Neil informs Hat that he has re reived a letter, from the Victoria Racing Club informing him tbat tlie committee lias in structed tne Rochester stewards to disqualify the horse Bookmaker and his owner, Martin, for running and winning the Maiden Plate at Rochester, when the horse was not n maiden. Also, that the V.R.C. will endorse the disqualification and'probably take lurtber steps. Mr. Neil also states that Book maker, before running at Rochester, won the Mount Prospect Handicap in March, and other races, also ran at unregistered meetings, and under the name of Mr Malpas's Cape Clear, won the Ma'de'i Pla^e and Town Plate at Lismore. a" true, then a severe example should be made of somebody. According to the evidence Mr. Neil provides. Bookmaker was frau^u" lently entered for the Maiden Stakes, ami the horse that finished second, Scobeloff, I think, is entitled to Btakes and bets. A jockey named Lynch died very suddenly on Mondnv. He attended Moonee N alley meeting on Saturday, and complamedofa nain in the back, but no Benous conse JuencS wore anticipated Inflammation, however, yet in, and after a few hours suffer ing, Lynch died. The deceased was not m the first rank of Victorian jockeys, but he was n fair horseman, and among other winners he rode Haricot when he won the Essendou retakes. On his dav there w«e few better race horses than' The Direr, who carried the colours of Mr. G. M. Lloyd to victory in the \Va"a:i Cup find other races, and but tor a mistake on the part of his jockey would most assuredly have won the Melbourne Cup. As a sire lie has proved that he can get them to lollop, Kit Nubbles and Grace Darling; being descendants of his, and there are others which will yet gain winning brackets. Being by Maribyrnong irom Gwendoline, by Indian Warrior irom Melesina, no fault can be found with his pedigree. From Melesina descends lne Fawn, the mother of Richmond, Boswortn, Segenhoe, Palmyra, and Warwick, and the good Did Fisherman blood on the sire s 6ide is a strong recommendation in Ms favour, liis Bons and daughters are so«d and honest, and if he had a few choice mares of the. Gwendoline stamp I should have no fear re specting his future as a stud horse. Ibis season he is announced to stand at De Cameron, Ararat, the reasonable fee of eight guineas being charged for his services. One oi the best-looking thoroughbred horses at the parade which took place at Messrs. Campbell and Smart's exhibition of ®tock was Auchendarroch. He was pur chased by Mr. George Glasscock, and after-1 wards sold by him to Mr. Rowlands, who intends to place him at the service of the public at Ballarat Auchendarroch was bred by Sir Thomas Elder, in Soutli Australia, and is by Gang Forward from Azema, by the Flying Dutchman from Arrogante. by The Cossack from the celebrated marelmperieuse," bv Orlando. The Ballarat farmers possessing well-bred mares will find him an acquisition to the d:strict Friends of the veteran sportsman Mr. John Tait will regret to hear that he has had a relapse, and is again seriously ill. Victorians who intend to try their fortunes at Hawkesbury and Rand wick will soon have to be turning their faces to the north-east The Hawkesburv meeting commences on Thursday, the 10th of September, and after disposing of the V. A.T.C. meeting this after noon, I suppose J. Morrison, T. Coffey, James Wilson, jun., and other trainers who intend to cross the Murray will be setting their strings in order previous to departure. Mor rison tells me that he iwill probably leave on Tuesday with Reginald and Buzza. In consequence of the Australian Jockey Club meeting being fixed a fortnight later than usual, the Hawkesbury folks have also taken on their meeting a couple of weeks. This is an improvement, and will give the trainers a better opportunity for preparing their two year olds, for at each place a big stake is to be given for the juveniles. The Guineas will be run on the opening day, and this will be surrounded with more than ordinary interest, because the contest will give us some idea of the form of the three year olds of New South Wales, and especially the strength of the Hon. James White's string, which is re garded as the most formidable he has ever had No less than Beven are nominated by Mr. White, and the public may rest assured that he will not Bend the worst of them to Hawkesbury. Judging from the bulletins re ceived from Rand wick, Urallaseemstobethe most forward ot Mr. Fennelly's team, and therefore she may be selected to carry the blue and white banner in the Guineas. If she should be the chosen one, I doubt if she will be beaten; yet there are speedy animals amongst her probable opponents, and as there is a doubt respecting Uralla'e staying capabilities, something may stretch her neck. Mr. John Whittingham has a couple engaged, Achmet and Local Option, but though the former is a smart colt, it is not at ail likely that he will be called upon to carry the black and gold at Hawkesbury.. Farewell, by Beauclerc from Adieu, is said to be an improving colt, and the same remark will apply to Phaon, who is the beet of Lamond's string. Cardigan, Algerian, First Chester, Ener, Clarendon, and others are en gaged, and it is possible that Evie will re present Victoria. The last-named does not appear to have improved to any great extent, but I've a vivid recollection of her two-year old form, and should she oppose Uralla, I expect to see the two fillies fighting it out for supremacy, with Cardigan following them home. The Hawkesbury Handicap will be decided on Saturday, September 12. There will be a strong field numerically, and Victoria is likely to be represented by one or two in Coffey's stable, which is now occupied by a first-class string of horses. Welcome Jack, St Lawrence, Hurricane, The Broker, Acolyte, and Honeycomb form a nice half dozen for any man to have in one race, and whichever is best will play a prominent part in the contest for the first of the great spring handicaps. Then Victoria has another good one in Anglesey to fall back upon. The presence of one or more of the New Zealand division will lend additional interest to the race, and the crack among our Maori visitors will not be easily shaken off when they approach the goal. Of the local horses, Rapid, Archie, Willeroo, Privateer, Favo, Coolabob, Highland Mary, The Jewel, Wanda, Farewell, Eagle Grange and Palarenda look 1 Well upon paper, and if I had to select four to beat the. Victorian contingent I should choose Sapid, Eagle Grange, Wanda, and Privateer. IiennoX, for whom the Hon. James White! gfeve 1,120 guineas as a yearling, made his fifot appearance in public at the RosehiU minuting; andas be was backed his party tnustfiavefancied be had a show. He failed, ^inrtngiiSnh himself, and didn't 'ihot&h; as the start was a bad ' ^Cen PBt °Ut indeed, very satisfactory, and show a marked improvement upon those of previous years. The nomiuations are from all parts of the colony, which is a proof that the leading club is growing in popularity and that a wider interest is taken iu the turf throughout Queensland. For the Spring Sapling Stakes of 250 sovs. there are 42 subscribers, and uuiongthe 6ires represented are Darriwell, King Cole, Epigram, Greyskin, Blink Boy, Melbourne, Vespasian, Piscator,'Grand Prix, Newbold, Westminister, The Drummer, and Maribvrnong. There are 4G in the Derby of 1SS6, Mr. W. H. Kent being the principal contributor with half a score. The St. Leger, to be run at the autumn meeting in 1SS7, Las filled with 44 subscribers, and here again Mr. Kent has 10 to hia name. It is very gratify ing to 6ee the turf of the sister colony making 6uch rapid strides, and with good management on the part of the leading club I've no doubt that the old sport will continue to advance. Yattendon'a son Chester was a great race horse, and he promises to become just as famous at the stud. Why shouldn't- his full brother Cleveden prove his equal as a sire of racehorses? Unfortunately, when a youngster he ran a stake into one of his feet, and the injury was 60 serious that it was found im possible to train iiim. He grew into a very tine horse, and at the break-up of the cele brated Fernhill stud, Mr. E. S. Cox deter mined to retain this fine son of his father's old favourite, aud,-excepting Darebin, per haps, I doubt if he could have made a better selection, lie possesses all the attributes of a great stud horse, breeding, size, and sub stance. His pedigree will speak for itself, seeing that he is by Yattendon from Lady Chester, by Stock well from Auatrey, by Harka way from Zeila, by Emilius from Apollonia, by Whisker. . Stoutness and speed are here combined, and as Mr. Cox has a few mares doubtless he will someday breed a racehorse worthy of the stud which produced Chester, Grand Flaneur, Capri, Habena, Karina, Geraldine, and other flyers. During the com ing season Cleveden will stand at Fernhill at the moderate fee of 10 guineas, which places the horse within the means of all owners of j mares. The attention of studmasters is directed to! the conditions of the Shepparton Turf Club Sires' Produce Stakes, which appear this week. Sires must be nominated with the secretary, Mr. IL H. Turnley, before 8 p.m. on the 31st October. TheQueensland Turf Club springmeeting is fixed for the 7th and 9th November, and full particulars will be found in the programme which appears in the advertising columns this week. The chief item on the first day is the Spring Sapling Stakes, to which the breeders of Queensland contribute 100 sovs., and theQ-T.C. 150 sovs. It is for two year j olds, and the distance is five furlongs. The Sandgate Handicap, of 150 sovs.; Derby, of 100 sovs.; Brisbane Handicap, Selling Plate, and Maiden Hurdle Raceare the other items to be disposed of on the first day. The second day's bill includes tlie Queensland Cup, of 300 so vs., a handicap of two miles, wnich should attract a big entry. The merchants of Brisbane give 100 guineas to a race to be called the Merchants Cup ; and the other events are the Hurdle Race, of 100 sovs. : Town Plate, Maiden Plate, Selling Plate, ana Flying Handicap. Entries for the Queensland Cup and Sandgate Handicap close with the secretary> Mr. J. H. Grevilie Ponntney, Brisbane, and at the offices of the Mary borough Turf Club, Rockhampton Jockey Club, and Australian Jockey Club, on Tues day, September 29. General entries are fixed for the 20th October. Mr. Hamilton, secretary of the Tasmanian Turf Club, has forwarded me the annual report ot the institution which he and his co adjutors direct eo welL The balance-sheet shows that the summer meeting was a financial success, the profit being £257 8s. Id.; but the winter meeting, held upon Queen's Birthday, resulted in a loss of £82 13s. 9<L Still it is recommended that the latter be continued, as it proves a very important factor indirectly to the financial success of j the club. Thanks are tendered to the sob-1 scribere of £90 for a Visitors' Plate, and Mr. P. G. Monaghan well deserves the tribute of praise for his services as hono rary handicapper. With Mr. Monaghan the apportioning of the weights has been a labour of love, and I hope some day he will receive more substantial re cognition, for there is troth in the state ment that he has materially assisted towards the success of racing throughout Tasmania. He and Messrs. James Ferguson and J. Hamilton in the north, and Messrs. John Lord, A. P. Miller, E. P. Wilson, G. Browne, C. S. Agnew, C. E. Davies, and others in the south, deserve the thanks of the Tasmanian , community for the manner in which they have kept the game alive. The receipts under the head of members' subscriptions amount to £384 17s., being an increase of £1314s. upon the previous year. This is very satisfactory, and all admirers of the little island aeross the straits will join me in wishing both dabs a prosperous season. Messrs. W. Inglis and Co., of Sydney, announce that their annual sale of thorough bred and other etftires, &c.;, will be held at their bazaar on Tuesday and Wednesday, August 25 and 26. Mr George E. Smith, the well-known Rich mond amateur cricketer, has turned boniface, having purchased the Caulfield Club Hotel, close to the Canllield racecourse. . Already there is a long range of stabling at the rear of the hotel, and as Caulfield will be largely patronised by trainers during the coming season, be intends to erect a dozen more boxes. Another wielder of tine willow has joined the ranks of the turfites, and this is no other than William Midwinter, who has started a book on forthcoming events. " Mid" should be an acquisition to the xankB of the metal licians. Now that the V.R.CL has, by introducing a stake for geldings, acknowledged, that it is ad visible to encourage owners to geld many. of their colts," I would suggest that, when the conditions for the Derby and other races are under ii scuasion, the allowance to geldings should be increased to 51b. This would be a strong inducement to breeders to add a fair proportion of their colts to the list of geld ings. . A race meeting which deserves recognition from the turfites of Australia is that which is to be held at Randwick on the 29th inst, under the auspices of Sydney Tattersall's Club. The programme contains five events, commencing with* the Hurdle Race of ISO sovs., next to which comes the Tramway Handicap of 150 sovs., six furlongs, and after this is a Selling Race of 100 sovs. Then follows Tattersall's Two-year -old Stakes, to which the dab adds 200 sovs. The distance is half a mile, and the weights lor SSlte ^t- lOlb., uid fillies and geldings 7st. Bib. The Loftas Handicap of 150 sovs., ope mile and a quarter, is the wind-un. Entries cloBe at the V.R.C. office, attd with we secretary, Mr. James Perry, ritt-street, Sydney, at on Tupsday new, August JMnd I hope *> see several Victorians in the Jfrom Tasmania I learn that TheAssyrJan took first prize among the Campbelltown show. ' Merlin . _ that the Bon of Countryman was looking markably well. King Arthur and B Workman were the other stallions cxuiu_, and the latter was purchased by Mr. a Page. He is a rare-bred one, for he is bj imported horse Castle Hill from Bay Middleton (imp.) from Diana, by 1 Fin from Edella, the mare from whom Ma and other equine celebrities have $e?ce!? Castle Hill is by Voltigeur from Bab at-tne Bowster, by Annandale from Queen Mar , the dam of Blink Bonny, who was the darn of Blair Athol. This breeding should nicK with Mr. Page's mares, and especially wiiu First Fruit, who is by Broomielaw from Cherry Tree, by Flying Dutchman from Aier lette, the dam of Mavis, the dam of I^ora Falmouth 8 crack Gallinrd. The last-named was a sou of Galopin a descendant 01 Voltigeur, and Mr. Page has done the correct thing in Becuring a member of the same family to mate with First Fruit My Wagga friends have good reason to congratulate themselves upon the response they have received to the call made 011 racing men by the M.T.C. Mr. Hawkes had a splendid list to show his committee on Tuesday night no lesB than Go having been nominated for the Gold Cup. This is an increase of 18 over last year s entries. I or the Grand Stand Ilandicap there are G4, or 14 more than last year, nnd the Town i 'ate shows an increase of 10, the total being w>, while the Ladies' Bracelet has tilled with 54 nominations. The mysterious July is thus referred to by "Beacon" in the Olago 1 he Australian papers to hand report that July has already left New Zealand, but in this they are considerably in error, as July has not, up to the time of writing, departed from these shores. Whether he will take part or not in the Melbourne Cup is. at present, a mystery, for while he has accepted for the New Zealand Cup, and been entered for the Geraldine races, he has also accepted for the Melbourne Cup, As I happen to know that his ultimate destination is Queensland, where he is to be located as a sire after his racing career is over, I should not be sur prised to see him sent to Victoria to take part in the approaching Melbourne Cup; still, in the face of his being entered for Geraldine races, it would not be wise for any one to back him for the blue riband of the! Australian turt The ' commission' said to have been executed about him over the other side may have only been a speculative move on the part of some one who fancied he was going over." Buckingham, a half brother to Chester, who once gave promise of becoming a star upon the turf, died in New South Wales a snort time ago. Joe Carter will arrive from Tasmania early next month with the Hon. T. lleibey's horses Hawthorn, Kitawa, and Wymeric. When last I saw Hawthorn I thought he was a most improved horse, and though he never did much while he was here before, I think he will redeem his character at the second time of asking. The other two are Bons of Manuka, and being from Mr. John Field's ma?es, they are likely to distinguish them selves here. Monatteh has joined Crippa's string. He is engaged in the Caulfield Cup and Melbourne Cup, and for a time occupied a box in Mr. F. F. Dakin's stable, but as he did not satisfac torily answer a question that was put to him, Mr. Dak in determined not to train him any longer. A lad named John Mascall, engaged in R. Bowe's Btable, had his thigh fractured while schooling a horse on Thursday. Mr. T. Wilson and Mr. A. Taylor arrived from Ballarat yesterday. The former was accompanied by Wymlet and the latter by Sailor. Both horses were looking remark ably well, and Wymlet will be ridden to-day by Corrigan and Sailor by M'Leod. I |At the annual meeting of the Ballarat Turf Club, beld at Craig's Hotel, on the 14th, the following gentlemen were appointed a com mittee for the coming year: -Messrs. W. Bailey, Martin Loughlin, N. Wilson, G. Wynne, J. 0. Inglis, A. M, Greenfield, and R. Orr. The secretary and treasurer were re elected. The balance-sheet showed the club to be in a very satisfactory financial position, and the incoming committe starts with a credit balance of £577, with which several important improvements are to be made to the grand stand. Mr. D. M. Robertson has returned from Adelaide. While there I believe he pur chased a two-year-old colt by Wild Eagle. ScRATCHrKOB. - V.&T.O.; Sapling Stakes - The Fobber, Worcester, Marchioness filly, Advanoc, XUobero, See Saw, Washington, Prophetess filly, Bel zoai, Innuendo, Harmony, Austral, PoUnoot,.Brolga. BaJ&olava; Stakes-Precious Stone, fendo, Hobwt, Maydew.' Belling Race-Mabel Gray. Caulfield Cup Bonnie Dundee, Kin^ of Gipsies, Achilles, Silve, King, Femaide, Oincinn*tuB. 