! SFOSTERG TOPECS. About the first " line for the Melbourne Cup" after the publication of the weights is that obtainable through the running in the Flat Race at the Grand National Montin®. and I remember lost year Bonnie Bee being backed to win five thousand pounds at rooms after winning aailc Jo&ce; with tt-D.-oprAjrAoataral resultof Flausible's plendid fight with the snilrr — Gbost — on -Saturday he was brought into the Cop betting ou the course, and a thonzand to twanty:flv4 Wal twice aocepUd about him for the big event, in which his weight is Vztfllb |v_poibim>tioft, Plausible, King- sEipj'Qaaljty, and Iraeual to represent him Mr. Pearson should make as bold a fight for tbe rich prize this year as he did in '51. Tub devil, we are told, always takes care of his own, and bis Satanic Majesty certainly does not relax his vigilance when looking after tbe interests of a well-known double- event xnetallician, who, by-the-w&j;, is so accustomed to " skinners" that unless he wins a hundred over a day's racing he considers he has lost, and the Sunday dinner Buffers accordingly. Shrewdness, or, to be more exact, a certain mixture of cunning with a faculty for putting two and two together, has more than once enabled the indi vidual I refer to, to escape laving the winner, but on Saturday last he managed to "akin" his double book after laying the winning double. A certain crofls-couotry jockey backed The Agent and Wymlet a few dajB back with this bookmaker to win him five hun dred. After pencilling the wager our metallic friend, who is ever on the qui cire for what he would call " the office," argued with himaelf somewhat as follows : — " I wish I hadn't laid that double ; he knowa something, or he wouldn't have put a tenner on it. He's a bit cleverer tban me at these matters. Fm jiggexredif I don't 'follow' him, and ' back it hack-' I can make a profit out of it either way." Accordingly, in ten minutes' Lime our friend had booked | The Agent and Wymlet to win. him five hundred, and, voi7a .' it comes off. I xaeed acarcely add that on Sunday an extra course was added to the mid-day metallic repeat. By-tho-wuy, it was about this aame layer of the odds that tbe conundrum was put to roe, Why do they call him a metallioian? My answer was — " Because he has a front of br&sa;, a heart of iron, and a pooket of gold." I would like to have added a silvery tongue to his metallic qualifications, but it would require too wide a stretch of imagination altogether to include that in bis etock-in- trade. EtXBYONB was glad to aee Mr. Lawford score a win in the Waterloo Cup, the part owner of the bitch beiug as popular as Rhodanthe, which is saying a good deal. TAe incidents of the meeting were unques tionably the collapie of Leoline and MeLfort, though the latter'a defeat ia less inexplicable than that of Leoline, ai Melfort had experienced a grueller in a previous course, while the bitch wai ai freflh az a daisy, and afterwords rendered her licking more than ever myaterioua by winning two courses in splendid style the next day. The final course between Rhodanthe and Siesta was X by tb« prcveooo ef » third dog, who joined in. Of courts, it is impoeaible to say what might have happened, but zood judges of the eport assert that Rhodanthe had Siesta well beaten when the Strang dog cropped np. However this may be, the occurrence was particularly unfortunate, and the foot of the eonlreUmpt happening in the final oouree favours the suspicion that it was not wholly acoident&L; Rhodanthe was booked by her new owner and the outside pnblio to win altogether. about £9000, the balk of the money not being invested until she had won her first oouree. At the settling, whioh took plaoe at the Union Club on Mon day, the fanoy wager of £600 to five sovereigns waa laid about her chance of winning next year's Waterloo Cop. DxNmars left ou Monday for Deniliquin, where, fit and well, he should have no difficulty in carrying off the Steeplechase, which, with lflit, LZVb. on his back, should prove only a canter for him. Of ©ourte, the owner ehould be the beet judge of what is good for his horse, but I scarcely think it waa the wisest proceeding in the world to hawk him up to Deniliquln so soofi after his Grand National grnelling. We may reasonably suppose that he was muzzled on Friday ni|ht (on the eve of thi Grand National), while it is also rational to infer that, after the severe race he ran in the three-mile race on Saturday, he could cot have eaten mnch in his stable that night. Travelling all day Monday in the train would scarcely act bs a tonic on his appetite, and, domiciled in a strange box yesterday, he was hardly likely to feel at hjraie. Of course he kaa nothing to beat (bar old Blackthorn) in the wretched field whioh opposes liim to-day ; if he had I certainly would not feel inclined to stand him, By-the-way, I noticed Mr. Davies, his former owner, in the paddock on Saturday, and the brilliant fashion in which his old favourite cut down his field must have been 1 particularly pleasing to him. Denmark is, I am told, about to be learned by Mr. W. E. Yirgoe, of Mathoura. Ysey few horses were backed for money in the Flat Race at the V.P — r c.j j> -D uifl winner went out oaturdxv - - , , .. -at tens to oue, the ring had cone the but of the betting. The Hon. Wm. Pearson backed Plausible to win him about £2600 at teas to one, and The Ghost was supported in the paddock to win about the som tod, well-known eporting medico taking £600 to £50 about him. Favour, Fernleoy Gardenia, Plausible, and Bohemian were the only other horses backed in the race. Although, with one exception — Reticent — the favourites at the V.R.O. meeting " fell," the ring lost heavily on the day, Hippogriff, Tbe Agent, Wymlet, and Tho Ghost being each entrusted with a large amount of backers' money. Barring a few of the lucky metallicians who generally escape scot free, they all appear to have laid every winner, bar Student, who was a good horBe for the ring. One of the leading fielders tells me that ho dropped twelve hundred on the day. I have to acknowledge receipt of the V.R.C. programme for season 1835—86, which, with its "reminders," tables of win ners, amounts to he transmitted, and other information indispensable alike to owners and sporting scribes, I find invaluable. It may be interesting to mention that hand somely-bound copies of this little pamphlet are sent home annually to each of the members of the Royal Family, Lord Rose- bery, and other prominent members of the English Jockey Club, with their names h&ndBomely; inscribed on the covers in gold letters. The New Zealand horse July, who is a fall brother to 8ir Modred, and is said to be every ounce as good a horse as the Metro politan winner, has left for Australia, and was heavily banked to win the Melbourne Cap on Saturday night. July, who derives his came from the month in whioh he was foaled, will be nominally a eix-yesr-old when the Cop is ran. His weight is 7zt 61b, at whioh he cannot be Baid to be harshly treated. The following is the list of the amounts won iu 6takei at the V.R.C. Grand National Meeting : — Mr IT, Loazhlic — First, Grind National Steeplechase, £745; second. Selling Hurdle Baee, £3 78 Mr C. II. T. Hart — First, Grand National Hurdle fiace ... ... ... Mr J. G. Reid— First, Flat Race 278 Mr E. G. Talbot— First. Maiden Hurdle Eaee ... ... Mr G. H. Heid— First, Maiden Steeplechase 217 Mr P. J. Coa— First, Selling Hurdle Kane ... 18® Mr J. P. D. Laurie — Second, Grand National Hurdle Eace ... Mr G. Bugaell— Second, Grand National Steepleetiiee ... ... 5 Hon W. Pearson— Second, Maiden Steeple- chase, £25 ; Becond, Fiat Race, £5 ... 30 Mr J. Rhoden — Second, Maiden Hurdle Race 25 Mr W. S. Coa— Third, Grand National HurdleEa.ee ... ... 25 Mr J. Cohen— Third. Grand National Steeple- _i 9« Mr J. Crippe— Third, Maiden Hurdle Kace„. 10 Mr S. Miller— Third, Maiden Steeplechase ... 10 £2410 The jumping event to be decided at tbe next National Agricultural Society's Show promises to be a most interesting feature of the proceedings. Tho judges will bo Mr. James Wilson, of St. Albans, Mr. Robert Orr, of BalJarat, and Mr. Renni»oo, of Mordialloc. A course has been marked out. There will be fire feDcee, and the horses will have to go twice round. The programmea of the Viotoria Racing Club, Australian Jockey C.ub, and Hawkes- bury Raoe Club in book form are to hand. They are neatly and properly arranged, and Mr. Miles' compilation is replete with inter esting information. Saxdal, whose greyhound-like action was bo mnob admired when she won tbe Caulfield Guineas last year, is in form juBt now. At the Fort Augusta races she won the Cup, The Lawn and Exile being second and third respectively; she also won the Short®, tho last race of the day. On the eeoond day tbe Flinders Handioap fell to her, The Lawn and Exile once more filling the places next to her. The old mare Chrysalis' luok appears to), be taking a turn, as she easily won tbe Steeplechase on the second day. Bir Ew&u; appropriated the Amateur Steeplechase on the first day. The Lawn won the Pastoral Oup. Onkaparinga won the Hurdle Race, beating The Brigand and Wild Dog. At the Quorn races of Friday, Sandal ran second to Sbylook in the Qfling Handicap, Exile being third; bat in thorn Handioap Mr. Gordon's fllly won. beating Shylook, who was seoond, and The Lawn, third. Shylook won the Selling Race, butTbe Lawn beat him easily in the Ladies' Parse. The Hurdle Raoe was won by The Brigand, Jerrr Sneak being seoond, and Freetrader Mb. Charles Peneold, secretary to the Canterbury Jockey Clab, baa forwarded mo his programme for season '65-'S6. Fhoh Mr. H. Turnley, secretary to the Shepparton Turf Club, I hare received the club's annual repprt and balance-sheet, whioh are each highly satisfactory. Yatkly goes to the stud this season, and will stand in the Warrego (Queensland) district at Mr. Bradley's station, near Charleville. Messrs. W. O. Yuillx abb Co. hold a Bale of racehorses on Monday at Tattersairs Bazaar. Several well-known performers were offered, bat only three were Bold. These were a brown colt by St. Albans from Naomi, who fell to Mr. T. Jonas for 100 guineas, Riverton by Ringleader to Mr. G. Glasscock for 40 guineas, and Concord by Conrad to Mr. J. Oripps fer 35 guineas. Syditey TatteraaU'e Club are once more in the field with a nice programme for their meeting bo be held at Randwiok on Satur day, 29th August. There ore five events, starting with a Hurdle Race, a handioap sweepstakes of 3 aove. eaoh for starters, with 160 govs, added ; the Tramway Handicap, a handioap sweepstakes of 2 sovb. each for starters, with 160 sovb. added. Selling Race, of 100 botb ; TattersaU'a Two-year-old Stakes, of 200 sovb., with a sweepstakes of 2 sovb. eaoh for starters added ; and the Loftus Handicap, a handioap sweepstakes of 3 botb. eaoh for starters, with 150 eove. added. Entries close with the secretary of tho V.R.O., or Mr. Perry, B6oretary of T&ttersall;'s Club, Pitt-&treet;, Sydney, on Monday, 18th August. The weights will be declared on tho following Monday. Tee Sandhurst Trotting Olub hold a meet ing on Wednesday next. The events include the match for 100 sovb. between Mr. Sterry'e Snowdrift and Mr. Picklo'e Dandy, mile heats, best two out of three ; Handicap Selling Trot, of 10 botb. ; Time Handicap Trot, of 15 bo vs. ; and Handicap Ladioa Bracelet. Entries ofose to-morrow, at' 6 . o'clock p.m. Eicpjjjgn1 entries have keen received for the Viotoria Amateur Turf Club Meetiag to he held at Caulfield on the 16th August next. No fewer than 49 entries have been made for the three-fcrlongflaplin1g&jpA-;:> LvAanS, besides others, SirjlY. u . Clarke, Mr. J. Whittingham,.Mlr, B. (fta y, Mr. G. Davis, Mr. J. Motrison, Mr. ; J. D. Robertson, Mr. J. Wilroi. jun., Mr. C. H. T. Hart, Mr. H. Connolly, and Dr. L. L. Smith, have each entered two. There are- 29 in the Hurdle "Race, " "lnoTOOtng — The Agent, ta&rdfilh;, Cockfeo Sheet Anohor, Flamborough, Goaalier, Bella Brandon, Insolvent, Huntsman, Hippo- griff. Yuloan , Duration, "Agi- tation, and other well-known performers. The 20 which have been nominated for the Steeplechase are a1 so of first- cIsbb quality, a will be seen when the nameB of Denmark, Bailor, "Wymlet, Morven, Lizette, Governor, Reticent, and Bozza, amoDgst others, ore mentioned. The day's sport will wind up with the Balaclava Stakes, which ban the exoellentnominationof 44. These include The Ghost, Middlemarob, Precious Stone, Hippo griff (the V.R C. Maiden Hurdle winner), Phantom, Irralee, and othergood performere. A popular handicap and fine weather are all that are wanted to ensure tbe meeting being a thorough buoocbb. Oue advertising columnfl contain the pro gramme of the Hawkeabury R&oe; Club 8pring Meeting, to be held ou the 10th and 12th of September. There is every pronpect of a good meeting. The Guineas olosed with 63 nominations, tbe County Parse with 102, tbe Produce Stakes with 04, and the Grand Handicap with 109. The general entries will be received at tbe offloes of the H.R.C., Riohmond; A.J.C., Sydney ; and V.R.C., Melbourne, np to 4 o'clock p.m. on Monday, 24th August. Mb. J. J. Milleb, the originator of the large annual "sweeps" on the Melbourne Cap and other importaat events in Australia (aays the London Sporltman ), ia now in Eng land on a visit. In addition to the above- mentioncd|Bpecalationa, Mr. Millar iz senior member of tbe firm of Miller, Jones, and O'Bries, and ia a well-known owner of colonial racohorfes. He also imported tho oelebrzted American trotting stallions Honesty and Contractor, the first-named or which hae beaten all Antipodean records. We are pleased to add that our visiter bringa- favonrahle news of Mr. Joe Thompson, who narrowly escaped fatal injuries in the Coota- mundra railway aocident. J. Williams hai more than once shown ub what he can do iu the way of a finish, hia wind-up on Grace Darling with Mentmore, and more recently hii ding-dong aet to on The Ghoul with Power on Plausible, being, eaoh eplendid displays of horaemamhip. In Saturday's race the two hones ran locked together for nearly a hundred yardi, but the extra fire pounds tailing on Mr. Pearson's gelding in the last few strides, Williams was- juet enabled to get the geranium and gold home first. 