OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. Our military ardour Las naturally abated since the receipt of tbe telegram lrom home politely informing us that our services in tbe field will not be needed uutil tbe autumn, and perhaps not even then, if, as is probable, the New South Wales contingent succeeds in smashing the Mabdi in the meantime. Many of our would-be soldiers professed at first to be much disappointed and amazed at the. refusal of the Victorian offer, but they have now accepted the situation with philosophical resignation, and are living in hopes of being sent lor at tbe critical moment of tbe coming campaign in tbe Soudan. Oor Governor, Sir Henry Loch, was enthusiastically cheered at the Town Hall the other night when be 6aid that be would consider it the greatest honor of bis life to command Victorian contingent ; and in the absence of a real enemy, our militia have been keeping themselves up to fighting form by organising sham battles iu Albert Park. Indeed, it is even contemplated to establish barracks of some sort in Albert Park, but tbe idea has been received with indignant scorn by the fashionable world, who now make tbe Park the scene of their regular afternoon rendezvous, and however gladly they would welcome the presence oi the imported Imperial officers, they do not relish tbe prospect of having common colonial soldiers in such close proximity to tbeir sacred persons. And so it will doubtless eventuate iu tbe proposed barracks being built in some le63 fashionable locality. Most people gifted with ordinary powers of observation were aware that the police force has for some time past deteriorated sadly, but few were prepared for tbe scandalous revelations that bave just become public property. A notorious bouse of ill-fame was proved in open court to have been the regular resort ol policemen in unilorm, who were accustomed to sleep on the premises and amuse themselves at times by dancing on tbe footpath with abandoned women. Tbe latter bave been sent to gaol for various periods, but the policemen, who should bave been punished with equal severity, bave been merely transferred irom i he city to the country. Another policeman has been discharged for eodeavoring to brand a reppectable young woman as a bad character. Because she frustrated his attempted seduction of a friend of hers, be arrested her, brought her before the city court, swore he saw her repeatedly parading tbe streets at nigbt, and tbe diabolical plot would perhaps have succeeded.if the girl had cot brought forward a number of respectable witnesses to prove that she was never out of doors at night. Cases of this kind should make magistrates pause before accepting the uncorroborated evidence of young constables, as they are frequently in the habit of doing. Dr. Nield, too, is very wroth with tbe constables, or at least with the stupid member of the force who locked him up within tbe morgue enclosure the other evening, and compelled him to make the awkward choice between clambering over a 12ft. galvanised iron fence, or else spending a night it the cheerless society of the corpses and the rats. Tbe cynical little doctor chose the former alternative as the lesser of the two evils, aud after much difficulty he succeeded in scaling the fence and neatly frightening out of their wits the wharf hangers-on, who thought it was a ghost revisiting the g'impses of the moon. The situation was far and away more dramatic in its character and surroundings than any described by the doctor during bis vocation as a theatrical critic in Mel bourne these 30 years past. Under tbe circumstances it is needless to say that anger was the predominant feeling in the doctor's mind, aod he is now urging on tbe superintendent of police tbe absolute necessity of placing a constable on duty at the morgue who will bave sufficient commonsense to ascertain whether there are any doctors inside conducting post'mortems before he locks the outer gate and goes home with the key in his pocket. Mr. Justice Williams's attack on dogmatic Christianity has been answered in the religious press with all the vigor of editorial and contributed denunciation. There' is a prevailing opinion that bis Honor has gone a little too far in hi* book on " Religion .without Superstition." He has described the "Bible as containing such a maps of filthy stories that no father would tbink of reading it to his children, and yet every time he presides in court this very same Bible is accepted as tbe most solemn and binding test on tbe conscience of every witness. "With a knowledge of Judge Williams's published opinions of the Bible, people will now be aware that bis Honor regards the adminstration of the oath as little better than a farce, and tbe consideration will certainly not add to the dignity of the courts of tbe realm. Moreover, actions are pending against Mr. Symes and other officers of the Secular Association for a violation of tbe .blasphemy laws, and it is'more than likely that these actions will come on for bearing.before. either Mr. Justice Higinbotham or Mr.Jaetice Williams, the former of whom has delivered a freethought Jecturc, and tbe latter has published a freethought book. Thus "it will be Been tbat things judicial are getting somewhat mixed; end, whilst every man has a right.to his own opinion, it does seem expedient tbat tb'e,highest officers of the law should not do anything that would have the effect of undermining "the -seat of their own authority and strengtHeriing the bands of the anarchical and;atheistic forces that are present in every popularceutre. -.'.!-" There have been two notable banquets during tbe week. One was given iu Scott's Hotel "by way of farewell to Sir Henry Wrenfordsley, who is going to fill a judicial position in Tasmania. It was organised by a number of prominent citizens wbo are interested in Fijian affairs, and wbo desired to pay Sir Henry a compliment as ex-Chief Justice of tbat group. Another cx-Chief Justice was present, in the person of your veteran Sir Alfred Stephen, who wa6 greatly applauded when he said that the federal spirit was quite as strong in New South Wales as in Victoria. Theother banquet was tendered by tbe Mayor of Prahran in recognition of tbe " patriotic and statesmanlike policy of the Ministry." It wasnumerously attended, and Mr. Service did full justice to the toast of the evening. A third banquet has been abandoned through the unwillingness ol the gentleman whom it was intended to bonor, viz., tbe tbe Hon. James Munro. As Mr. Munro is paying a visit to Europe, the customary farewell banquet was initiated, but aseoon as he heard that intoxicating drinks would be allowed, Mr. Munro informed the promoters that he could not accept tbe compliment under tbe circumstances, seeing tbat he was a lifelong total abstainer, the president ol the Melbourne Total Abstinence Society, and a dele* gate to the tcmperance organisations of the mother country. The objectionable banquet will therefore give place to the unobjectionable breakfast. What is known as the closed-roads question has been before the public eye for many years, At one time it was a favorite theme of the Hon, Graham Berry, who was accustomed to denounce ia unmeasured terms the audacity of tbe squatters in fencing in and incorporating in their runs many miles of proclaimed public roads. The fact is that hundreds of useless roadB bave been proclaimed all over tbe colony —roads which, if thrown open, would rarely, if ever, be utilised bv tbe public, and which the local shire councils would never dream of maintaining in proper repair. And so it has happened tbat tbe squatters have quietly annexed these nominal roads, added them to tbeir already large estates, and run their sheep over tbem at will. A case just decided in the Supreme Court has revived public interest in the question, the Court interpreting the Local Government Act as compellingthe shire councils to open all proclaimed roads within their respective boundaries. It this decision is upheld on appeal, it will have the effect of breaking up tbe large estates, piving plenty of employment to the fencers and roadmakers, and causing shire councillors to look blue at the prospect of maintaining so many additional roads without any corresponding increase of revenue. In the town, too, we have a sort of " closedroad " question, the Mayor having issued an edict forbidding monster processions from marching through the principal business thorough lares in the heart of the metropolis. He is afraid of accidents occurring through the present cut-up condition of the streets. His Worship is wise, lor wbat between woodpaving in some places and laying down tramways in others, individuals bave quite enough to do to steer clear of danger, let alone large bodies of people accompanied by bands and banners. At last some bing has been done to make the Exhibition Building a piece of pleasurable resort. An aquarium has been erected and it has already become decidedly popular. 