MORSELS. Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. held a sale of racehorses at Tattersall's, Melbourne, on Wednesday, at which there was a large attendance, and for some of the lots the bid ding was spirited. The St. Albans colt, Bonnie Dundee, was bid up to 78o guineas, at which figure he was passed in, the reserve being 9o0, guineas. 'The following amongst others were sold :-The Ghost, *6 years, by Hamlet-Mystery, .to Mr. Hobson, 200 guineas; Girace :Darling, 5 years, by The Diver-Zoe, to Mr." Fehon, 400 guineas ; Lucky Hit, 4 years, by King Cole-Targett, to "Mr. J. Wilson, 400 guineas; Ulverstone, 5 years, by Castle Hill-Early Morn, to Mr. T. Smith, 270 guineas; Royal Maid, 6 years, by Kingston-Maid.of the Wimmera, to Mr. Cowan, 370 guineas. On Wednesday, April 22, at the Hertford Assizes, George Barton, a labourer, was sentenced to fifteen years' penal servitude for for placing stones and pieces of timber on Midland Railway, near Aarpenden, on the 4th instant, thereby endangering the safety of the Manchester express and other trains Mr. Justice Denman said the case was the worst tried at the assizes, and compared the offence to dynamite explosions. Speaking in reference to a trade mark case in the Equity Court on Wednesday, his Honor said: "It seems to me.this system of fraud ought to be made the subject of criminal prosecution, in the interest both of the injured manufacturer and of the defrauded public." A man named William Hargreaves was committed for trial by Mr. Buchanan, S.M., on Wednesday for disturbing the SalVation Army while at devotions on the lst instant at the barracks, Pyrmont. A meeting of the Boiler-makers Society was hold in Melbourne on Wednesday night, when the strike at the Tyno Foundry was discussed. A deputation was appointed to wait upon the proprietors next day to oudeavour to come to a settlement. A shocking occurrence is reported from the village of Ballisdare, in the west of Ireland. A publican named Benson had a quarrel with his wife, and subsequently, as she lay in bed, stabbed her repeatedly about the abdomen. Immediately afterwards the husband left the house and committed suicide by throwing himself into a river, his body being found soon after. A Bathurst telegram says:-The mongrel dogs are causing much destruction in George's Plains among the sheep. One farmer has lost £10 worth in a fortnight; and in'two successive nights 45 sheep were killed, among them some stud rams and owes. Other farmers in the neighbourhood have lost 90 valuable sheep in a few weeks from the same cause. They cannot kill the dogs, as the owners may claim damhages, and the dog owners are not worth proceeding against. The general opinion is that the Dog Act should be amended to meet such eases.' 