CHAPTER II The romance of advertising is an outcome of modern times. If Romeo and Juliet had lived in our century they would have arranged their little plot in the agony column of The Times—-a much safer way than by entrusting it to Friar Lawrence's messenger. But it is not only behind the " meet-me's " and the "ever yours" that some human heart is throbbing. Sometimes in the most prosaic advertisement that ever set forth the few poor little qualifications fo the advertiser we should discover a "soul's tragedy" if we could only read between the lines. It is in- conceivable what has been done by adver- tising. What people it has displaced! What unions have resulted from it. What new ad- justments of the relative positions of every civilised man and woman it has effected. It is a subject about which whole volumes might be written, yet never brought to a close—for is there one of us, who thinking over his past and present, can fail to trace some change in his life to means produced by an advertisement ? Certainly there seems at first sight nothing less matter-of-fact than to insert a demand for German lessons in The Argus. Queen being unused to the business took a little longer than a more practised hand might have done, and tore up two or three sheets of notepaper before producing a satisfactory draft. But when this was done, and she had remembered to state the hours at which she wanted her German instructor or instructrress to call, she put the matter out of her mind, and never thought of it again, indeed, until the following week, when, Christmas reverls and Christmas awakenings being over, Flo and Co awoke to the serious business of life once more, and made out great lists overnight, which they carried to the shops next morning, bringing back multi- tudinous collections of patterns, and spread- ing, before deciding upon the all-important point of their "matching." A commander of the forces, meditating upon the uniform of a nation of soldiers, could not have been more absorbed in his subject. Queen left all responsibility to her sisters, only choosing in her own behalf the simplest of the patterns they brought to her. I can- not pretend that she was indifferent to the satisfaction of wearing pretty dresses, though a satisfaction of this kind may be bought too dearly. And there was so much to think of besides ! The pleasure of travel- ling must be worked for, like all other plea- sures, before its true flavour can be rendered. If the wondrous historic monuments, the churches, the pictures, and the art treasures of the old world did not speak in an intel ligible language to us, their mere external beauty would be of little import. Queen wanted to prepare herself to meet them upon the footing of old friends, with whom she might have been corresponding and sym- pathising from her childhood, though their visible presence had been denied to her. So that in her own wasy she was clothing her mind in anticipation of the journey as zealously as her sisters were clothing their bodies. They had driven off in the pony phaeton one morning, with a parting injunc- tion to Queen not to wait lunch for them. If they could not find that particular shade of old gold they wanted they would go to every shop in the place before they abandoned it for another. And had Queen quite made up her mind to take the cheapest of the two cream edgings? And would she give her serious thought while they were away to the question they had been unable to make up their minds about the night before—whether some knots of the palest pale pink riband in the world werre admissible in the lace trimming of Flo's blue zephyr? Queen pro- mised, laughingly, to think seriously of this important matter. The prospect of the new interests before her had laid for the time being her ghost of solitude. Tbe morning is bright and soft. The feverish hot wind of the day before has spent its force and, after a night of rain, nature has woken penitent and refreshed, sparkling with sunshine and moisture. Queen lingers a moment over her rose-bed, looking ruefully at the victims of yesterday's dust-storm. Her favourite, "Emperor of Morocco," hangs his head in the midst of his "Cloth of Gold" harem. The "Gloire de Dijon" is as battered as though she had been dragged in a gutter. Of all the gay assem- blage there is only a hardy little cabbage-rose that has retained its grace, and Queen feels almost guilty as she plucks it from its stalk and fastens it into the collar of her white dressss before passing in-doors. She has forgotten all about that knot of palest pale pink riband in the world. Her day is before her, and she is not quite sure how she will spend it . There are days when books are all sufficient. There are others when we crave for a little human sympathy. Queen's boudoir is a charming spot for daydreaming and study, and her book (the Stones of Venice) lies ready on her table near the open window. But somehow her eyes travel across the treetops without on this particular morning more than is their wont, and she is thinking, rather of some visionary home not reducible to words, than of "the palance and the prison" she is reading about, when the housemaid brings her a card wiht an intimation that a gentle- man is waiting below . "Oh, show him into the drawingroom at once," cries Queen, rising nervously with the glazed card in her hand. But when the maid has gonbe, she waits a long time before she can make up her mind to go down. There is nothing in the card to account for her agitation It is a very unassuming one, as cards go, having no flourishes, or tail of initials, to render it imposing, hot only the name of its owner—-Mr. Ernest Schenck—and his profession, teacher of languages, added in pencil underneath. But somehow fifteen years of her woman's life seem to melt away as she reads it. What an innocent girl she was, and how fond ber child-adorer was of her? How strange that he should come back to her just as she was re-erecting the long-abandoned air-castles of her young days? He must be a man grown by this time, whom she would never have recog nised if she had not been told who he was. And he? Will he know her again. Will he wonder what he could have seen in her to make him lie in wait for her as she came out of school? He was an active little boy as she remembers him, and intelligent in a way that she can better appreciate from her developed stand paint of to-day than in the times when he used to bring her books and flowers. But then . . . a " teacher of languages." Has he become transformed into a pedant? "Will he hide his eyes under a pair of green spectacles, and be quite indif ferent as to whether she has changed or not? All these thoughts and a hundred more rush through Queens mind as she turns from her mirror, half fearful, half reassured, by the image she has seen therein. The library in which the applicant is wait- ing is a dark room, with venetians always closed, and as Queen enters it in her white dress, steeped in the sunshine of her morn ing-room, she only dimly distinguishes the square outline of Mr. Schenck s shoulders as be rises to meet her—at least be has not a studious stoop. Bat the first glance is a little intimidating. She is in the presence of a swarthy young man, who holds his head well, and takes the hand she holds out in a firm, warm grasp pleasant to feel. But she will never be abie to connect him with her little knight of old. Unless, perhaps, for the eyes, of which the light-grey hue con- trasts singularly with, their dark setting, and into which a queer kind of light seems to come as be looks at her, whether from the in fluence of old association, or whether from the effect that a sweet feminine face seems to exercise upon some men's expressions, it would be hard to say. Queen is conscious of not disliking this look. The pedant and green- spectacle theory is dismissed on the spot. But before she has time to frame another her visitor speaks to herm and now she knows it is Ernest Schenck. It is the old voice, only deepended and enriched by the virility of man- hood, with the old suggestion of a burr that she used to like when he was a child. "I would never have recognised you," she says, "But I think I should have known your voice with my eyes shut. Where have you been all this time?" "Where have I not been!" he replies, half smiling. "But tell me about your- self first. i want to say in the first place how awfully grateful I feel this morning. Queen laughs. "Grateful? To whom? " "To you, to destiny, to whatever it is that has kept you just as I remember you. Would you believe I have been here ten days and I dared not ask to see you?" "Why?" ."Why? I'm afraid you'll be angry when I tell you. I wanted to keep my recollection just as it was. I thought you must change somehow, and I said to myself, "If I find some society leader, some woman of the world in her place, what shall I do?" I would rather have gone away without seeing you than have had to take my Madonna out of her shrine. "Oh, but I am changed, " insists Queen, "and so are you, very much changed, in- deed." Something in her voice seems to betray at the same time that the change is not altogether a regrettable one. She has not remembered much of her child-lover (to tell the truth) beyond the expression of his eyes. His having such a sympathetic smile, and showing such even white teeth, and such a dark line of incipient moustache are new facts to her. And now they have seated themselves near the window, neither being afraid of the bars of morning light that shine upon their faces through the down-drawn Venetian blinds. And Queen has told Mr. Schenck in a few words how she is living with ehr sisters, and how uneventful a life —apart from the deaths of husband father, and mother that she has witnessed—it has been. And she has heard about his life, bringing him back to the subject every time he has wandered from it, following it year by year through all its phases, obliging him to fill up every hiatus, remonstrating when he "skips' parts of his narrative—as interested in attitude and in eyes as in the long gone- by days when she would pace slowly by his side through the Fitzroy gardens, saying "Tell me something more." Ernest's story may account for his being so changed. If time be measured by impres- sions the last 15 years have made him old compared with Queen. Almost directly after her marriage he has returned to Europe with his parents and continued his education at his father's school in Dresden, and been taken thence to spend two years at Rouen, and (having outgrown the system there) gone to the university at Leipzig , and graduated, and to the English university, and taken his degrees, and been chosen, by a pleasant hazard, to travel with a young English lad of family and fortune, whom he has accom- panied to Spain, and Italy, and the east, and South America; and who, finally coming of age has asked Ernest to live with him in the hypothetical capacity of secretary. All this Queen extracts from him; hardly needing to be told that he refused the secretaryship, though he kept the friendship, and under- standing everything to the point of his seek- ing his independence. But his making use of it to come to Australia is just a little puzzling—that is to say, from a practical point of view. For of course, he must know, she reflects, how barren it is of opportunities, nor can he have gone through all that long list of colleges and universities with no higher object in view than to teach languages in Melbourne. But speedily as she is becom ing accustomed to him, she has a delicacy in touching upon this portion of his career until Ernest pleases to take her into his confidence. 