WesfcGoimtry Legendsi By Aliob'-Kinb^ in Horns Chimes. The storiea wlu'oh eireulato through our cities, or in a thickly inhabited neighbourhood even in the countiy, er find their way into newspaper columns, have always in these days, be thoy never so-strange and startling, a touoh of the realistic and prosaic about them. Uh ghest makes his or her appearance, it is sure to be arrayed in a coat or dressof the most modem, cut,' and sitting in a railway oarriage or hansonn oab ; -if a young.lady olopaa, she does it in the ooolest, most matter-of-faet manner possible, and never forgets ? to pack up even her tooth' brush-; the very horrors in- the penny dreadfuls havo something thai' savomra of the common place -in their sensationalism, and generally have for their scene- oftaotion a scullery full of dirty dishes, and enlivened by the melodious dripping of a pump, or- a marhet garden peopled with cabbageB and gooBebeiry bushes. The oase is, however, very different in tho region round about Eimoor,. whither we want once more- to conduot our readers. There fairies still linger among the Sowers and f ems in the deep lanes, there no- respeotable ghost would think of showing, his nose except arrayed in a winding-i-hoot ; tHere lovers still keep ?noon- lit tr-ysts, and escape the vigilance of too busy parents and maiden aunts by stolen ram bles through shadowy- vroedland paths, where there are none save tho birds and squ'rrels to peep and- watch. Eere, romance has not yet died out beneath- the rule of the convenient or the useful. Here, fancy and poetry have not, as yet, quite fled fromnthe land before the scream oi the steam whistle. ?In a narrow valley among the hills round about Exmoor there st^nds-a-ejjiaintly buHt old houBO, some hundred years ago the home of one of the most- ancient and: respectable yeoman families of -the district, wiere ghosts are well known by everyone within ten miles of it to frequent in- tho most orthodox manner possible. They rustle up and down the passages in robes of such utiit brooado and whalebone that it is utterly useless for anyona-to 4ry to get repose in their beds between midnight aud dawn; they tramp about the attics in high-heeled shoes, and refuBe to depart,, though thero is a bookcase hard by filled with tho most racy French novels and tho rarest blossoms of Ger man scepticism ; .thoy diince-in the large kitchen till the stone floor rings again, and the whole house is filled with weird, mysterious harmony, that seems to conre from: a fiddle playing, no one knows whero, the merriest strains, yet strains that, with-* all their airy mirth, were nover played by any barrel-Grgaii of to-day. Not very for from this same hou6O there is a deep lane, ranch o^or-shadowed with trees, where it is twilight (ov/ands evening long before tho sun has not eUtK where, whore it is cool and shady even-in -the hottest, brightest noon. There, wlion the. moon is at full, and the silver beams are filtering in among the branch ss overhead, anyone who- Jikes to take a walk that way instead of/ going to bed, may see a very remarkable sight, considering tho place and the hour IT'Ito- stands still at the top of the lane, which hvre is- about as steep as the stsircaBO of the loaning, tower of Pisa, and therel'iwe we nhnll have supposed no espeoially pleasant ballroom, he- will behold a band of lovely ladies, all drosBodiniwhita-, going through Bome. strange mazy-, daneo figure. They glide in and out under one another's arms, they Whirl round in circlet) they pause and ourtsey majestically, they take hands- -sm& sway to andl fro, they wavo their- long-, floating, eilveiy/ bcoKfee as if in harmony ia some unheard melody ; they appear/.in sheirt, to be having an exceedingly good timoof it, and to bo very weft satisfied with the-stony rubble and slippe-TT rooHs of the lane by way. of ft floor, and wiib the glowworms twinkling; araong the featheir/ feline, and the moonbcims glinting through toe. traiuuloufl leaves by-way of lamps, and with the murmur of -tU« ntronra near nt hand, nnd ibe sighing of. t the- night breeze by wayiaf -rchestra. Theydo not weary it teems ; dl£y iontvono OHoeelPssly at thair dance, until toe -ye that watcho* themi grows tired, anclitne brain behind it diazy with tlie spectacle oljieT petual motion, until tlio- 310111 laughs drosrtily in the east, and the lark wakes up and calls, all ?the bird-- and ini-eotM with his clear note of re veilee ; tln-n tha ladies vanish in an instant, and are not h-ard of till' the full moon shines again. Whather^ on dark nights thU- same tivelv party betakes itself to the kitohemof the aid house, aud thera- carries on its .cheerful frolics, with the addition, it may be, o&a; little male sooiety, and; this, is whr there isthe- sound of heavy fest ou the. siono fiuor, whereas the fset which tiead tboee varied mi an^jaa- in the lane make no more noiso than falling! pe al-, it IB quite impof*iblo to deteruiine. Between, two of the hills which, iru August, are bo rich],y-nMintied with goldea» g»r-o and purple heather, there is a depression in thd ground, in which, a fanciful min4- mixht cer ~ tainly, vnorkidgt hard. to. mako-. belief, find a. reserabi-ncoti- a. huge armchair.. Theimngini ation cirthe wont country folk has, howevfir, overcome all iliiffisuUies on tho piAvjieot, for th'VM) is a lfgend tbivt th'-ro, long, loti)r iMrfl, 'orao o£i the grtmiiipssay in the reiurn of ISng l)tt-.Al,' other* in ithub off Quoen Elizs-bf-th, it was ihe favourita soni of n giaat nf rnoflimiMohiirflinis habilBJindlTjroelinlioH. 'Ro uouU utieteli, out ono long- arai., put his h-md.h-. playfully n(K tho wiad*w optrio buttery of SaiintBr Caatlej. and: ttiiu-thoutfl anything ho fancied in tho waqr -'f a nuiisoiv jawty or a tlagon,of- suck. Hc-wou'd; wiivhhih fcfrt in the ntreMu,wliS«h runstirough Ou v .Hoy. and seine the lU-iiiotjiun linei.\ baug inutin eanio unluuky vi3)«go dame's garden to blbaoh, 1»y way of an iaip/omptu 'owcl: to dr;y Hiem. ito would natvh up,, tliu little.- Ex;cowiv alieap 6» tho opposito hillsido, and plr.y a Hvefy ganiofrf pitch und toss.wit)- tJiein, iiu.oporutifcn. to. -wbioh wo bhould lliii/k heinif aiado isiip mutton must bo ias- prefernblo. Tbo danoiiig ladiss may be regmtded peih-ips \vi '.io unplw'»~ autt. neigbbours, bud dewdudly it ncay. bo lrjakurl upwi us a matter o£ (?olf- ooii-(ratul«Uon by 4h» wto-t country in general, that tbi» free arjjsaty Hjpntlonittu has dojarted into tfio regionft of Kxmor.r mist aad: romance. There was &. beuuUful logenilary cusiojn in Jho west oouuky uith regard toEastwSanday. Karly oti- Eastfr morning, loag bofoae- dawn, tho hides of Dnnktry, somo fii'ty yeaw ago, were covon'it with youug mtn who. svemed to oomo frora every quarter of ino contpnaa, and to be pressing up towards the beufi&n;, as Iho highest point of tho hill in called. The beliof was, that any unmarried: young* xonn, who could nee tlm Mm ri.-o freaii ibn top of Dunkcry that Ea»tor Day, would be Ko.-'sed with a run of good lur/k in his lovs-, in hvs work-hop, or ox. his f«rm, for tbo whole of the r.ei-t of the yea». Not far from lhs- ^^ri^t3l Channel, thei e stands h handsoinii old church, which lyw a s ngulsr legend counooted with i's oroction. It Is said that long m;o an ancient -Jiortolvy stood » horo tli'i -:lmr-'ii now HUnd-i, aiu\ kl-Ht ono nijiht » fmier-kl party, -who wevo u«invoyin*r tlio body of ti lndy for burial in a family vault, sho having died far from homo, came hero to rest on their journey. On thoir dear lady's hand thero waa a ring of grout valuo, whioh had been given her by her husband In days' whea they were lovers, and whioh she had desired might not be removed from her finger oven after her death. This faot was known to her husband's confi uontial servant, who bad been entrusted with the whole of tho funeral arrangements — his master not intending to cteofctho sod procession till it reached the place of interMcnt. The- mun's dishonest greed was excited' by the thought of the diamonds in; tho ring, and afc midnight, when tho whole House, slept, he- (tele to the ohambt-r where tha1 body had boe» deposited, and opened tho coffin with some tools ho brought with him, hoping ac oaoe to gpt possession of the coveted tressure ; bnt the' ring could not bo got off the cold, stiff fnijjer-, so-fie used a knife to try to romore it. What!' was hi- terror when blood began ft) flow from1 the- supposerldondhand, and tho lady sat up' and gazed around her. No reconl'tells what' was the ultimata fate of tho would-be robber, and unintentional preserver, but legendary lor©' «ays that tho lady, as a token of thivakpgiving^ for her restoration to her husband andtchildren, . ibuilt tie church on the site of the old hostelry. Westoountry romance ecamn to havar busied' itself ospeoially with the foundation of west oountry ehurohes. The story goes, that when. ? it was fivat doteraihed io build a ehnrib'iri th» little seaport of Minehead, the site fEr'fha rraored building \jtib fixed on the sea shore. : Aooordinrrfy- nrateikls for oommenoinfja tha saored «di3oe ^ere brought together on tho spot ohosan-;: but'senjoe had a fow cartloatld- of stone and timber been- deposited in the ap- - pointed sitrsatlon, when one morninrr, tno ?stOTiehed workmen^ who. had left all the col*; looted material lying in a very commonplace) way the evening bofoja: found, on reaching thfc'' scens of their%bourB- that not so much as -a ohip of wood was to be seen there. Tho men stood' staring at oach other, half inoliiiBd to think that' tlie quart* of cider they!1' tonk bo freely last nifibtp ih flio parlonr of then' ' ' Hor.091 and Crooki ' wero still in their eyes and heads, whemsuddenly a' dnnte, who dwelt in a oo'rtafre whioh stoocVin uu elevated pocition i on the hill above, overlooUihgthe-sea, appeared, ? breathless and capless-oo the scene, relating tho ? extraordinary faot that all- tho materials for ' building the churoh'were-pilfed up oateide her ' door. At 'first the affair was- regarded by the authorities of the littletOT7n,.who- looked very wise and Btern about it; »-a- flbtieo of the old lady's toy fruitf u2i fancy ;: next, when they reached hsr cottage door; ani sawtaat she had tpoken tha- simple ttuth, Ulsy believed that iheir woruhipful solves wero- Being sported with ^y a baniS-of' mwmj- west oountry lads, who SQed tho stroetrfut night wiiUisoundstbar. were art exactly psalm tn-aes.- BHt, heap up huge Blocks of stenrt as theymijrht,. and set. watoh roea to guard the' spot as -they might, each day avery Boarp of-'btiMIhg' material! was always found in the morning outsida-tho oM woman's door on the LS11 TEe«|th» worthyhDrghers of the seaport otranged ffieir opinions on the sub jeot. There we rerpowem at wor& in- tie matter, HSjr agreed, that itrwoaWnot do tocoartradiot ; so- the ohuroh wan built- on- tfie- Hili1, and] haBr steed' there evsr since: There is a legend, waich'-haws-pathetietonoh atwut it, concerning a nrinod' oottege whioh itsndB on the ride! of Dankery.. Here, says the story, at the time' when religious persecution rcged-lercely inf Kano», , two- elderly French Huguenot ladies .-came tO'resiab-. They were gentlft, retiring womecj whoso- former hi- tory aPirays remained ' a mystery to tbeir we»t conntry neighbenre, . bnt who had always a kindly word for them, spoken ih'Brokea English, wfien they chanced to meat'thora. The' moat inoomprehensittej nooeiconntable thinp about them, -howeverr was- that no one conld teH what* they lived on,, for only tho scantiest portion of 'bread;. and iiab not enough to keep ono wommvolfve, .ever found ita way in the shape of anj-sort'oJ ftiodl to the cottage. Tlie- ladioa' dresa--eyidenyy- showed! that they ware in straitened circumstances- ; hut then they could not live upon air; albsit it was hill* coantry -air. They.' would1, never let anyone ontor ttteir cottage^ eo there was no clearing up tfteraystery. At length 'there came a time when the ladies appearpd no morofln thte Heather or in the lanes. By-and-by, some of the neighbours went to the cottage nnd peorpd-:ih. There, on the single, poor, narrow bed lay the two wr men, clasped in each other's firms, bob dead! and cold The hmar.: was searched,' and nothing cuuld be found bat several pots contaihing-slacs, on which, the went oountry folk'believad thera to have lived ia-approved Frenoh' fashion. Suoh are pome of ?' the legends told by Tfest oonn-try firesides, pr'in-the-Bummertwih'ght, as ?m- wander aoroBS-the purple heather. , 'Mamma,' nRked'a.Httlbboy, 'did Gnd'raake the-sun and ittoon-f f '-Yes,, dtear.' 'W%H, I gucRS he difln'-t lrtiow much about *em.' fi'Why?'- asked: the- astonished mother. 'Cause ho made'' the sum ior the daytime, when he oughttto havemndie it for the night time. The moon would! bo- (right enough for the daytime' ' 'Geobgii,' 'said1 tho yirang wife, 'Tknou? what Santa ClaiiSM^oina: So bringme at- Christ mas.' ' 'Bo vou, lovo-fV 'What is it?? 'An pleg»nt swalfkiu oatque. ©eorge.' ' Tou don't Say so ? Well, T a-m-Rlftd to hear it, fto-it wiU saveme- agood-lcieal'of'jaoney.' Ana;*hen she wont out. into the kitohom srd pteppad on the eat and grave tlia-oooli a week's notice^ Two -persons jneot nnd ore pays — -fay, did you hear thut ntwiy. to-rlhy nbout 2fl*!»' « No.» anBwer»d the other- eaohedly ; 'whnfc is it?* ' Oh; it's too.gro3»,. too- gross entirely !'' replied his ccmpanir-n in a mournful vuioe. 'Tell awayf? resumed the flV-t, ' and I'lLtrwto stand it.'. 'Welli'.o»ilaiinBahisfrienc',}'H4 is one gross^nnd 238iis-two- gross, isn't it#'' 'Now, m'ir-('- said- trio proseonting- attorney, pompously, ' yout ape a railroad man), you say. «uwv Mir.'*x^t-H see- cow mncn you-rcnow RDon&. -. youat bneinenfl,. si*. What n\\-rffrn lias your ? oorapany. Air;- running its trmrn tftifimgh the . oii?r fastsD than the ordinances decree P ? ' What . xantivp ?' , ' Yen, pii-,. wbo-t motive ??? Come, Pitt-! V 'Why, loeomotiv«, I rftould say.T ; '53le.witnoBs.-waGirlned for oowppiplt.of court. ' CantDj»EK;.'' said the Sun.-Jfly,6aH«»l teooher,!; Mokinir over- t*o top of h*rr (Han-sei', ' was. 5»hHuld altvaya-- be glnd nnd bap-py for our. nanif-wtVblep»6»gB. SJven ihftbiKlr* thank their. , M»kerihi.song» — hearthop&canrmiefl; across ths^ ;street pouring forth thoir nuwical praiseaj ? I'Pleaw. mo.'bm,' intern^)toS alStt'o girl who» was. pilyimy tit-tot-tocn on ihe. flyleaf oi-a^ hymaal! ' trSem nin't ajwaifiiniV . That's wlnfc; eanriMfe-i ntntiys do.' i AuiHsart. It Is nt Krerr plarilo. It ia in,aTeryr ;klt.vhoi. It obtained tb«. Qol* Mednl of t.ho,.New :Zj*H.nai KiniMttoii. It, xivon «-o- Snlitli lo flvoity fllph, :faa- Knti-l»-, sonjm, hkj, flfibit. cm- i-oltl mft-*3^ It, ;iwu»t»(lx'Ofltirin. fiwltnawasos Mi«»pi.»iiro. It)hoBJU ?pju-of* a-!, iuortirnmnut iftiiRO, i»iil- out l.u nehn uf everyt* 'i'ia|waU---« nrtiziin's. 'Clio.. j?t.'-hjotioniHt» line,- iti^ ? '?Kiaauimiti'icnloiiia:; tlio Rwiitjrjriori I'ccniwo i% i« -beap. It l»tio«ineAU(iHBiirita with all o)a»naa». ?coaawmf. i.'ieof tbe- %ilii«j elcreyraen wro»fl-='.' l£ i»the -..'pt vi* iniulci.'- Tt-atUe Ana7iui,UK.»KiaBj» nwrlcibi' WiMhtii(rtcaII{Soul4 of.177- ritt niiual, iaS nnlcil \\-\r «v«r.v »to«ilaie|iMi Prioe, Ono Shlllina.-. ' 