YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN- ASSOCIA- TION. j . The annnal meeting in connection with the Young Men's ' Christian Association wa» held at tho Protestant Hall last night. There was a large attendanae, and Iho chair was occupied by Mr. James R Fairfax. On tbo "platform wero tho Right lïcv. Bishop Barry, the Kev. Dr. ¡steel. Kov. Dr. Joffori«, Rev«. Suimiol Williams. W, Wyatt GUI, J. W. Inglis (of Ballarat), Souihly, H. Collie^ Thomas Ilolmo, s-püccei, I-'orsaitb, T. Fox, A. W. 'Pain, H. M'tredie, Dr. Craig- Dixson, Messrs. H. W. Hammond, H. K. A. Allen, Josiah Mullens, Sidney M. Green (hon. architect), and D. Walker (gênerai secretary'). Tho "proceedingB wero eemmenoed hy the singing of a hymn and oberne, " To the Work," and prayer offered by tho liov. Dr. Kehnnck. Apologien for unavo'dablo iibsonce were received from the Presidí nt (_tba lion. "W. J. Forster), the Dean of Sydney, and the Rovs. Joseph Oram and John Pentium. 'Iho CH-iKMAN, before introducing the Primate, referred to the condition of the association at some longth. Its annual roport for 1884, hu pointed out, would convey to thoeo interested in the Young Men's Christian Association vety many encouraging facts. It would be aeon that, tbo various and nunieroua departments had been continued to bo vvoiked by iho committee and the devoted genoial secretary with a largo amount of success. 'Iho most prominent und import- ant departments wero thoçn which proposed to bring young man under the best of influence'«, und to preservo thom from wai'donng in doubtful path«, unfor- tunately too attractive in this largo and growing city. The négociation could not but bo looked upon as on« of tbo strongest of our moral safeguards, aud on perusing the re- port, it would bo seen what eflortB wore boing made to pro- vide religious and aeeubtr instruction, with rational amusement, lind to encounige a strictly moral tone among all who carno within its influence. The oommitteo and officers most earnestly ¡nvilod all Christian men and women fo help them in their work. An important feature in the roport wa» the retetence to the lectures of the past season. 'Ihose who had been privileged lo hear tbem could not but romeniber them willi great pleasure, and he trusted with still greater profit. They thought ot the lessons laugbt them hy the Most Kevcrend Primate, when ho addressed that great audience at the Exhibition Buildii g bo elo- quently on tho subject, ''Libirality and Indifference." 1 hoy remembered the instructivo ev.ning thoy «pent thora with tho Kev. Dr. Meei, when ho took tbem to " Home updergtotind, it» (JaJIprfes and firaphio Art," lead- ing into the Columba! ia and through the Catacombs ot Calixtun, coot naliDg the inscriptions of Pagan lament and Christian faith. The thud lecture was by Mr. JoBiah Mullens, whoso deep reading and research brought before thom verified Scripture in his most able lec- ture on "The Biolo and tho Monumonr« of Assyria and Egypt ; " and ihe-çouion of locturea eloiisd by that of ihe Rev. G, Brown, a doioted und experienced mii-sbnsry, who'0 subjtet hnd special interest, vin, -.. Papuans and Polynesian«, with Blhnological Fact« and Scrap«." The building was making fair progress, and they anuctpatcd i;a opening n« n now eui iu tbe existence of thansFociation, for then would they havo ample accommodation for a groatly increased number of member«. There would be lecture halls, ronding-ruoms, a libinry, and everything necessary for convenience and comfort. Their attention was specially ditected to tbe financial «tatt ment in tho report, endita SOtioua consideration requested. It appeared that the «um of £5000 wan needed bolo-e tbo new building waa opened, about nx month« hence. He heartily commended tho pro- viding of this «um to the thoughtful and wealthv men of Hew fcouth Walis, who could uot but have the well-beingof young menât hoart. Lr teach in «onie degree einulatetbo noble example set by the hon. gentleman whoso detoiso wa» ro eorded with sincere lament in tin- report, and whose niemoiy those who were privileged to know bim must over revere. The association had pasted through times of perplexity and difllculty. t tbey ¿fight look forward to tbe completion and: occupation of the pi émises specially built for theni, free from financial in cumbranco, ns a monument of succès« in Christian work in thiaoitv, of the nulla, ging labour of thone who for year» had aimed at iho preservation and the maintenance of the religious and moral character of our young men. For some instances of the great valuo of tho as-c>ciátion, the speaker referred to tho appendix to the report. In conclusion ho ctllod upon tho Priioatq to address tbo audience on the subject assigned, " -he young man's influ- ence." f Aonluuso ) Dr. Dahkï «as greeted wilh ronowed applnusa. He thought that the eominiitee lind exetciscl a very wise dis- cretion by assluning to the iniondiug speakers definite sub- jects, instead of allowing them io ranuo at large with a tort of rovinir coir.tniisioti ovor the bio id nreu of thought necessarily conneqied with the objects of the os«ocialiou. Ho would Biniply m.press hi» very sinceri» interest in the welfaro of the asacci ition, his sense of the important work it had done, ant his earnest hopo Unit their new und magnificent building would murk u now ora in tbfir history ; and, moreover, that they might not bo "ruined by asimilar noblo prodigality of expenditure' to that di-pbiveui by certain old empires, (Laughter.) 'J o turn to his subject, be found that ho bad to speak moro particularly upon " The young man's Inlluenco." Ho lind lo 'touch upon the youne man's func- tion or mission in tho world, and would take his guide from the well-known passage of bt. John, »berom the apo*Up was »'Idro-islng three classes of tho community- firstly, the childreu ; secondly, tbe-tathora ; and thiidiy, thojoungmen. For euch of. ihwi classes llie word of God, spoken through His representatives, lind a special significance. In human life there wera three great clements of influence-rho powers of roehrig or emotion, thought, and practicpl energy. 'Iboq ihren elements in workinir ont the dispensation of tho world wire also tbo means ot God. who. was tbo lito orama]. If they reforred to tbo pussngc, II. St. John, ¿.o.: the apostle seemed to apportion these three great olemi- nta of bunnin pijwer to the three classe« whom ho vins es| octal ly* addressing. When speaking to children he nddiessed them on the ground that they had known God emphatically as a father. Ile seemed to nsaipn to children a childlike Christianity-the power of feeling and emotion. 'When addressing the fathers-those fully giovrn ia the faith of Christ-bo describrd Him «a Ile who had been from tho beginning in all ¿hut make» Him tiuly and' really God. And ho there appealed to (ho -mature lunation of thought. But he then turned to the young men, and described tho functions of practical energy : " 1 have written to you because you aro atronar, and the word of God abideth in you, 'and you' have overcome tho wicked one." Concentration ot vigour upon some special object or purpose iu lire, after all, was what mudo a mun strong; To bo strong tuero muet be a certain vigour of faculty, or body ; but far moro important was the power of concent i atlon upon objects deserving of mental concentration. That element of strength peculiarly, belonged to y oath and early manhood. Cpon what did that element depend? Mot upou any worldly attribute or power, i Cettuinly no mau could contémplalo tha gigantic enemies I willi which humanity had to strive without admitting that, without strength no ono could succeed. Tho strength of mau, after nil, must simply be the dependence upon and tho drawing of inspiration from a communion with God. Of com so ho need not say if there be a God at all; that followed from the very natural principles of the case ; and the itrength of a young mun would be just in proportion as the rovelqtion of, Gud in Jesus Christ had «truck root, and it became a word cngiafted upon and growing into Ibu soul. Then tho Apostle went on to desaibo vvhut that strength in this life would have to do. Ho described a certain battle of Ufo-a battle of the highor and the lower powers in human nature, spirit and llfsh: and tho bullio of humanity under the revela- tion of God against that power ot ovil which was allowed to strivo for its own appointed time in aider to work out tho great secret purposes and mysteries of God. If human life -..ei-u what God laid made it, tbero would btj.no hatOe, out pcaco would reign. In somo sense Kio would bo a labour, but not a con- flict. In youth and early manhood there wn a great am- ulet within. It waa u period of singulnrly étrange conflicts for young men. This battle mint daily present itsolf to every young man just in proportion as he mixed with tho world: oxactly in proportion as he so mixed with worldly doings would ho be capable of understanding the positive effect» of inertia, unbelief, and »in. He took it that the function of young men wo« not nro-ominoutlv feeling or thought, but aotiou and thought. Wrro he callie! upon to say what was a young man's great duty, ho would say, unhesitatingly, to work. First lot him perform tho work "of ordinary Hie, and that appertaining to us by reason of our common humanity ; in roepoct, perhaps, to our citirenship of a great nation, and having been bom again. In tho Chuten of Christ. Thu professional and other work of life must almost co-exist, and co-exist in something like harmony. A man waa woi th nothing who did not tbrow all be could throw into his daily life, yet at the samo time ho waa worth but little unies» he looked bayoud bia mara everyday routino of Work. He sometimes thought, looking,to the future pro giess of this community, that what we required was more of the spirit of making our daily work absolutely the very beat that we can. Not auch a work aa would merely earn wane», or pub. muster, but labour that one could look upon ai his very best in the eye of God, and performed with all iinglemindedness. He waa new to Australia ; but when he looked to the future progresa of the nation, God hud given us almost unlimited freedom, liberty, and scope. What wo required more than any thing else was that spirit of trae work, which amounted,perhaps, even to more than that spirit of thought by wbioh Eoglund had made ita piark in the history of tbo world. Ho reforred to every possiblo branch of vvoik-no matter what it might be. _uoh attention to duty had a vant tendenoy to concentrate and deepen cbaractor. A man r«adily fell into a "professional groove," and if ho confined himself to that ho spudlly lost hi* sympathy for human progress. 'lho proper kind of work wa* that such, aa the Young Men's Christian Association more especially brought boforo its member». It sought to bring its members together moro for tho good they might bo iaught to do for orltots rather than for wbnt thev could do for themselves, 'Ibis larger nature of work had tbo efieot of deepeniug, widoning, and broadening out oha rauter; and it was upon the harmony of these Inlluenco* that tbe real progress of humanity must depend. Ile would, tboreforo, deslio to impreta, us far as possible, upon young men that what was depending upon them wns preoisely that energy of wot k, that clear and wider kiud of work, wbioh belonged to their daily uvocution und bualuat«. In a community like theirs it waa clear that much moro aoponded upon universal service and action tor tho progress of the community. They were empbutioally a free com- munity, and were in a large measure u democratic com- munity: and it was quito clear that loss would Ho upon i thole who governed, and mora would depend upon those who w«ro governed. On the young men on whom would ¿ut the burden of the futura vory mue_4«-«JulML M«l udor "{h'ât'enèrgy of xx-ork'whibh he' had described would depend largely tbe fortunes of the oommunity in the» future. Tho h>;art of, the community hod recntly btMielpoply af,ined by tho aonding tofth oi; tboso who had gi ino williugly from our shores to aerve'the old country in a tim« of need. Thoir hearts had been stirred; and xx-hy ? What had been the element which had told upon tbo community P It was that energy of voluntary service and sacrifice. They owed tbo same amount of voluntary service to tho various opportuni- ties, walks, und divisions of human life. What they xviinfed was voluntary aurvito thiongboun tho whole community. Ho appealed to them -is iii-, having a part in thatp,ut of humanity which the xvorld called civilisation, but xvnir-h thoy, as Christians, called service for the kingdom of Ge,d. He might apeak to them as an Englishman-a» ouo who was proud of the niimo of Englishman, as one who could look bark to a noble biBtory in tho past, and nlso looked forward to a great history in the future, in which their community would bnvp to tako i's part. But he was now Bpnaklng to them na a Christian association, and bo appealed to them to give their aei vices for tho sake ot other». He would a _ them in tho great xvords which cslled upon them to benr one another's burdens, for by eodoingtbeywerotullilliog tba law of Christ. They wera all fellow-workers touothor with God, and ho would venture to take that expression in ita larger aonae, and say that they were fellow- workers with the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. When tbey spoke of tho work of God the iather, (hoy spoko emphatically of the work of creation, préservation, and sustentation of that great universo in which tli'-v held tbeirplaoo- comparativolv a small place. God had called upon them to sustain, maintain, and pro» arve that which had beon originated. Those young men who could be ad- dressed especially as Christiana had alio to remember that they were called upon to take a part in tho work of redemption and salvation which waa especially the work of Christ. Of course that was an aspect m whioh that work was Christ's alone, and it was their wholn glory and comfort that it reated with Him. They wero fellow-workers not only with God but with Chni-t. He wuuld that his voicq could reach the young men of Sydney-especially those vi ho had received the privileges of a higher education and influence, fot with them reated in a peculiar sen jo the future of the community a» a part of tho commonwealth of nations, lie would earnestly implore thom to risu more thorougly to their work, lor their own havpin-a Htid tho benerit of the community. They would find that thrir strength rested not In tbem-elves, but in the word o I God, which would tianiforui them to the image of Christ, and by xvhich they would be enabled to overcome th.« pou-er of evil aud eve- rythiug which produced squalor and miperr. which ought not to exist in ti community eui h aa . theirs, but which did too often esist. Tbey would then be euabled to riso up agaiuat thoeo tins which wero ontiug out tho strength of the community, sins against which all their labours should bo handed together. They would be enabled to overcome the power of tbe wicked one, who was fighting a hard, dcBperata, but, he waa happy to say, a hopeless tight against the power of goodness and tho power of G id. (Loud n.m,latiie.l * Mr. Andrew Fairfax having rendered the solo " Lord God of Abraham," 'Ihe llbv. Dr. Kblvnack delivered nn address upon "Christian Work, and the qualifications itrequfrea." There was no one, ho presumed, wbotberyoung or old, who bad thought anything of Christian work but who must have been brought to feel that to fix the relationships of men together, and the dutiea which »pring out of those relationship«, before the minda and consciences of others wa« confesst dly a moat dilfioult tunk. It w«8 an easy thing to state clearly and broadly the mture and basia of human duty, but to win men to the doiug of that duty was a hard and intri"«te tank. There were so many difficulties to be encountered, no many poculiaritleo to be fought, and so many influences in the world which opptsed the aims of gooänee«,lhatanyyoungmanwhoentere'dupon theworkwith , a light heBrt must'bavo studied very imperfectly the difficul- ties of theprubloai he wnsabout to seek to solve. There were prejudice«, paesiopB, and fluming, desires which attempted to consumo the place of Christian devotedness. To win men tor good waa ibo plainest Christian duty, but at the »erne time the most difficult Christian a .hieveintnt. Ho intended to refer to some of the important, subordinate qualifications for the work. '1 he importance of tbo study of human naturo on the part of young men eoeking to do the Lord'» work in lhi>ipariicular was groat ; to knhw hook«, wa» good, und to understand tbo nature of things waa well, but for Uojo whoso aim wa« to influence humanity tbo knowledge of men was of equal importance. Men, like Ihings, required dif- ferent treatment according to thair diöereulcharacter«, and method» vvoreadjut-tod with a view to «usure suecos«. Young men also required io atndy seasons; «nd to pay regard to those conditions under which they were likely tu succeed, 'iho great fundame-utal point which he wanted to placo beforo the heurts and conscience« o' voung men wes that if they wanted »ütoessfullv todo the Muster's work they had tq imbibe the Maslei's tpirit, and to tread in Hi» «tap». One of iho great characteristic« attaching to the work and character of Je«us Christ was the esteem which he attached to the relative value of human obaraoti-r. Cbrut'a esteem of tbo work of humanity waa fully «bown when he carno to reek nnd to save the loBt. Young men should imitato the Master, and should feel that the tlri-t qualification for Christian work wa» the right esteem of humanity. Christ's ooncvp tii n of humanity was in perfect harmony, with hi« miseiou. He (tho rev. speaker} vvould particularly impre-a upon eve'iy yOumr man tbe essential quality of earnestness. The quality of concentration was nat always fuund in connection with Christian work ou tba paît of young men, nor even with tho-o of moro maturo yeum. Ihe first, the second, and the third eaaentinl in everything was earnestness, 'lhey were S"inetiuie» put to «hame by the intenso oarueHtnes« shown by men of the world in buslnei-B affairs, ar.d he urged all interested in spiritual matter« to bo equally as inteuao. Another great essential was sympathy. Some people «bot good advice to other» juat us it they wero firing rifle bullots; tho intinlioa might bo very good¡ but the effect wa« equally bad. A drop of honey would at any time catch mare then than a pint of vinogar ; and there were none who could not eventually be reached.by sympathetic word and work The power of enoh muBt do- pend upon the extent to which (his sympathy wa» carried into 'one's work. S di another essential quality w.i. self« «aerifico. Let ono and all calcul ato heforoband »* an in- evitable condition o'f their work that they would meet with daily difficulty, 'lhey would be tiied by misrepresentation, and bitten by the bitter tongue of calumny ; but With God'« I word in their hands and hearts, let tbem «land at thejrposta ' and never surrender. He pointed to the moral of the spirit evinced by our Volunteers for the Soudan, and urged that . similar eaineatnet-s and interest should pervade every Curia | tim'« labour. Their work domandod all tbo pctsiatonoy I possible. In conclusion, the rev. sp-ukor spoke as to tho 1 paramount importance of Christian work aa a preparation fpr p.a.iiig into tbo great unseen, and »ecunog the orowu and glory' of lifo eternal. The Rev. J. A. Inglis, a representative of the Young Men's Christian Association of Ballarat, then delivered en addreas.upon "The Young Man's 'lomptationB." After a few iutroduc'ory remarks, in the cour,o of which (he rev. gentleman cxpiea.-cd the ple»»ure he felt ut being present, and being invited to take part m tho proceeding«, he enid he had boen asked by the Rev. Dr. Steel to Bay a fow word« upon the temptation« peculiar to young men, but as tho evening wa» far advanced there was only time for him to refer vet y briefly to the subject allotted to bim. One of the lempfationB which «truck Min as ono who bad livod in tho cities of tho old country, and also in Melbourne and Ballarat, na being a great temptation uu« that of drunkenness, nboutwnichit waa not neco«sary for bim to say anything. Then there was the practiccof betting. This waaan evil which was nowtlnding it« way into circles which nt one tinio would havo been ashamed to acknowledge it. At ono time it was feared that thlspruetici/- .« "rev ping into rallies in connection with their Church cb; but, «b far a« hews« concerned, ho bad al way« boen opposed to millee, and always nhould ho, and should tuko care to allow nothing of the kind in connection with any church with whioh ho might be conncoted. In many a »upposid innocent way scolaty wo« allowing vico« to creep in. Other temptations woio placed in the way of young mou in the character of popular itiora ture. Tho subject whs a doÜcatn ono, but it of lou paiuod him to aoe iii the columns of some of ihn dailv paper« details of cate« which could be published willi no other object than that of pandering to taste« of the lowest chaiacter. 'I lien lhere wa« what might be called a semi-infidel rationalism ; «oma voung men cnuBiderod it wanly to have what they called broad views ot diviuo Jruth, to take up a position, not altoeothereoeptical.butto Bpe'ik of divine thing« in a manner which in hi« youthful day» would have been oonaidoreu very irreverent, in conclusion, ho allu'Jed to the report and Ihe large aipount of work performed by tho Miojtty. Itowed, ho said, a life-long debt of gratitudo to the secretary and the active menibei« of its comuiittes, A oollectivn was takou up, and tho proceeding« termi- nated with the benediction. Buring tho evening a number of hymn« and choruseB wore sung by nn eflloiont choir, under the oonductorship of Mr. J. W. 'White.' From the annual report we o.\f raet the following :-'« Much of tho work dine by the »«sociation i», on the surface at least, a routine work of which thero can never be much moro to toll tban that it has becn> rngulnily «nd faithfully carried out. .This, however, is, after all. but a «urfneo view of a work which throughout nearly all it« dopartmente teems with incident«, the keen interest ot which it ia imposaible to convey in the few brief sentence« to which the report is necessarily restricted. During Í8SI all our agencies havo been in full operation, and in somo important direction» there ha« been considerable develop- ment and cxlensiun. Tho continuity of the Saturday evening meitines for young men wa« broken for a while in consequence ot tbo meeting« (referred to hereafter) held in the Haymatket Academy on the some evening, On the discontinuance of those sorvice«, the Saturday ovoning meeting in the rooms wbb resumed us boforc. Tbi« is ono of the oldest established, most popular, and decidedly one of tbo most useful of our gatherings, It ha8 a poionnial vitality, which show« no Bign of diminution, and has afforded the secretary and other workers numberless oppor- tunities of milking the acquaintance of young mon. The advantage of holding such a meeting in our own rooms is very apparent to any of those who have etteuded. TJnlike a meoting held In a place used only a» an auditorium, tbpnudienco does not disperse rapidly after the meeting ; but the young men stand about in groups convoi sine', greeting« aro exchanged, and tho whola atino sphero i» one of friendlinesaand companionship. 'Ihe mid- day prayer mpeting hold on Wednesday can hardly he «aid to havo a vigoroua oxiatonce (if vigour bo judged, only by numbers), but tho earnestness whioh characterises it fully justifies it» claim to be mentioned among our agencio«, i'here ha* been, an average attendance at the Bibje i ela«« of l8. Mr. Bo&th; Greenwood, who bad conducted it «ince ita formation, leeigned shortly before the end of the year, and at the request of the JîSSÏÎL. ¿4&J;__«JÍr Wrie^yOSiUï iWtaJftV* it*. MUM»- _ nient. . Tho class has. boen successful throughout, and ,, under Mr.' Wright's leadership is increasing rapidly in numbers and interest. ' The meeting held in tho'mernhera' parlour ou Monday ovauing, couniiencid as an adjunct to the Sunday evening theatre sorvious. has continued to vin- dicate the wisdom which dictated its initiation. It aflorda an invaluable opportunity of giving counsel nnd help to those who have been aroused at the Sunday servicos ; it ia well nttendod, and ÍR' a most useful gather- ing. Mirny of thoso who aro now conspicuous iiniong our workers were led to decision for Christ at these meetings. In April tbo board,received, the announcement, that after the lut Juno tho ront of the Opora House would be rained to £10 par night. Ileluctuut nu tbey were to give up ser- vices which had been so eminently useful, it wa« felt that to add this enormous responsib'lity to financial obligations alteady almost overwhelmingly great would not be wise, and there seemed to bo no alternativo but to submit to tbo in- evitable und abendon the tervicea when the leaan expired. Meanwhile, howover, the stiele of allana was made known, und public appreciation »ml deeiro for tho,continuance of the norvices waa manilesled in such practical fashion that the board felt justified in concluding an arrangement for tbo further use of the Opera House at a rental of £8 per night. About the time that this matter was thu» settled Mr. Wm. Harri», .the proprietor of the Haymarket Academy, generoualy offered that building for Sunday evening services at a low rental. Tbo board accepted his oifer, and service» bavo boen uninterruptedly carried on ever since. The audience is gathered from the streets by personal invitation and handbill notices, the average attend- ance boiug about 250. Our bon. secretary, Mr. John Peppor, is in charge of thi» work, the general secretary continuing his regular al tendance at, and personal supervi- sion of, the work at the Opera House. For a whilo iho Academy was occupied also on Saturday ovenings for song services, but in cousequenoa of the promisee being let for other purposes these had to badlacontinued. About 178,000 Goapel handbills havu boen distributed in connection with tho Opera House and Academy services, at which tbo aggregate attendance baa been about 27,250. The aftor lueetings havo bean at'endod altogether by about 2250 young men, and the pledge administered to 316. The Bay street Mission -cliopl, »till superintended by Mr. Dibley,hos held on its way of unobtrusive usefulness.' Tho attendanco during tho. year has increased to un averogoof about 70. In addition to the large number of Gospel handbills and tracts distributed in connection with the evangelistic ser- vice», onr tract distributor« bave visited «hip« in tha stream on Saturday afternoons, thoso at tho wharf» on Sunday mornings, whilo on Sunday afternoon» they have pursued their disinterested labours ia the Domain and other placea of public resort; 1350 ships were visited, und 31,500 tract« dis- tributed. There ia ono noteworthy event in tho year's records wblcb, whilo perhaps a little outside the acope of our ordinary operatioi-s, wiu» nevertheless the result of tho action of the board, und must therefore not be omitted from our brief chronicle. T»7o refer to the Gospel Temporáneo Mission, conducted bv Mr. It. 'J!. Bootb, who carno to Sydney at the invitntion of the assoeia tion, and duciug the mouth ot May conducted, in the' Exhibition Building, a Gospel temperance luuwion, which, by it* influence on the community at large, marka a distinct epoch in the history of the temperance cause in Sydney. As wa» the case during Mrs. Hampton'« mission, the work of arranging ull tho details of the meetings tell upon our «taff of'woikera, 'and the comfort of the thousand» who crowded to- boar Mr. Booth's thrilling addresses waa in no suia'l moaauro due to the firm and courteous manner in vvhioh all tbo worker* performed tbeir voluntary dutie«. During the mission 12,798 persons donned the blue ribbon, and the pledge was »igned bv 0152. 'lho expenses of tho mission vvei e met by voluntary contributions, which proved barely sufficient for the purpose, the librury hai been rendered more valuable by the addition of 38 boobs, the generous gift of Mrs. Bayley, of Stan- more. Although tha number of books is not very largo, the selection is of the best, and very fairly re- present» tho bitcbor level of English literaturo. The. read- ing-room ia well supplied wtth. ephemera) litoiature in the shape of nowspauer» and periodical* (a list of which is appended to ibis loport), bas been moro largely patronised than ever, aud the privilège of using the room bas been granted to many ati angers temporarily ia our citv. Tbo advantages afforded by tho reiicshiuent-rocm have boen availed of with undevi_tin(r tegulority. A few social ovoiiinir» vv ero passed in tho member»' jnrlour. As usual it» accommodation wa» taxed to the utmost. On ona occu »îon the «(.owl committee issued an invitation to a number of »hip»' apprentice« to atloud a. musical meet- ing. Tbq»o » ho responded expre»*od themaelve» in forms of great gritifioation at the ple.if.uro thu»«ffoided them. In the matter of lectures the association ha» been uni- formly fortunate, and rho programme for the fast winter fully sustiiued tha reputation ot its processors. A glance through the following list of the lectures dolivorcd will indi- cate their high valu«, and the thanks ot the astodation are due to thn lecturers lor tbeir laborious and most useful ser- vices. 'Liberality and Indifference,' by the Bishop of bydney, in tis»- Lxhibltion Building, on May 23rd; chair- man, Mr. W. J. Foster, president of the association. 'Borne Underground, ita Gallenoa, Graves, and Graphio Arts,' by the Uev. Dr. Steel, on Julo 24th; chairman, Mr. J. Á. Fairfax, vice- president of the association. 'The Bible and the Monuuieut» of Assyria and ligypt,'by Mr. Josuh Mullens, on July loth;" chairman, Mr. \V. G. Murray. ' Papuana und .Folyneaian», with Ethnological Facts, Scraps, aid Illustration»,' on August 12th, by Itev. George Brown ; chairman. Dr. Arthur itenwick. The reading-room was pauk«! to excesi at each of tho medical tulki, of which thoio wera three, 'lhe first was given in July by Dr. Woodward, on ' Minor Injuries, and their treatment,' with practical illustrations, and wai followed in August bv Dr. C. D. Clark ou 'Lavva of Health,' and in September by Dr. Ciaig Dixeon on ' \outh tul KxoesseBand Personal Preservation ' 'lheboatingolub, formod jual bolore the issue of Iiibi report, has been exten- sively patronised. Advantage wau takon of an evcuisiou to Pearl Bay, on Sith'November, to hold an aquatic carnival on a small scale,. Sevoral gentlemen presented pri_e» tobe corni roiod for by members of tba Association Boating Club,nnda number of races wer« arranged. They proved u great success, 'lhe excursion was largely attended, the greatest interest taken in the race», and both boating club und association bave since reçoive- a considerable accession to their membership. Immigrant ships arriving m tbo barbour have not been forgotten, and many a young men bas had cauto to remem- ber with thankfulness the duy which introduced bim atonoo to a now land und to the Young Men's Christian Associa- tion. Kot u little, ot that quiet, unubatrusiva work-tho work of interviewing and adviaiug young men-of which the genoral secretary's office Is the scene, aiise» out of acquaintances made amongst those who aro landing on our shores utterly friendless. Moro und inoro does this personal ¡work press ' upon the general accrolary, until at times it threafc-s almost to ' monopoliao his attention. Hu baa givan' 480 letteis int'oducing youDg men to otu ployer« of labour. No leis than 2250 young mon bavo sought bim during the year on mutter* of temporal and spiritual intorost Often hu* he been culled to the bedside of the »iek and dying, at the public hospitals And other places, A regular visitation of the Sydney infirmary ha» been inada by seyoral members of the association, whose visita have beau greatly valued by the sick young men. 'lhe relief fund bus provided tho general secretary willi the menu» of helpiug young men at critical pointa in tbeir career, of providing medicino, &a.;, for soma pumlloss unit stricken with illness, ana in a few sad cuses of furnishing decent buttai for trinan who havo diod aa 'strangers in u strange land.' with none but our secretary to sympathise with their dying weakness, and none but him to mourn tbeir premature death. In connection with this fund 490 beda wore pro- vided and 689 îneils. Our thank» are aonorded to Dr. Craig Dixson', our honorary phyHiuiau, who has kindly given bia professional service» in 25 eases. Worrgretto »ay that, so far, no fund* have been uvuilible whofewitb to erect a cottage on the land, nt Mittagong, kindly piesentod to tile association sume time tinco foi tho purpose of a. sanatorium., Meuibnr» of other association» from all pal t» of the world find their way to our rooms, many of them bearing lettors of introduction from the asso- ciation with which they have been connected. A largo number of young mon como also with introductions fiom paionts, guardians, ministorH, ice. Not a few of thean aro in want of employment,, and on the gonerul secretary's reeouiniendotiiin 82 bave obtained situations. Two classes for lhe study of shorthand, one foi- beginners and the otber for moro advanced students, have boen in operation for about six months, under the guidance of $''? Alfrod Firth. There u,io 16 members, and good solid work ia being doue. A singing elua* waa started lu Juna. It numbers about 30 members, and i» being carried on with much spirit bv Mr. D. W. Wbito. We dunira to record our high appreciation of tho valuable gratuitous services of tho conductors of these classes. The his toi y of the association records tho riso and declino of more than one dobating club, but no formor attempt had such fair prospsct» as open nut before the now existing litorary and debating club. It is conducted on parliamentary piinclples. It* nicotings havo pioved ex- ceedingly inteiuatinir, and it bids; fair tp have a loug loaso ot life. By permission of the board, the following societies, or their commiltoes, have bad ilia uso of the pmlour for their meeting»:-Sydney City MWbfyn, Aboriginal Protou tion Asfpctation, Lord'» Day Observance Seoeiy, Booial Purity Society, Society for-ilia t-tudy of Bebrew and Ccguato Languages, Chriplian EvioVuce Society. Uur association journal, ' Momhly Notes,' han beep regularly issusud during the year, and ha» increased In osculation. Steady progress hu» been mudo with iho new building during the year. Doing in stone (he wp(k ia neçesaarily slower than if in brick, but the walls nro complete, and iho roof alto is nearly finished. Tim design w na much adtinroil whon it oxistcd (inly on paper, end now that it rises ni substantial grandeur the adtniiatiou ia «till giea'er, and wo may congratulate oursolvea on tho nour pi ospeut of ontei it''" a building well adapted to our use«, and periiiuiieutlv om__ mental to that part of iho city in which it ia pjacod. "Contri- butions during tho year to iho building lund have amounted to £730 2s., making thq »uni promised to dato j£ 13:225 19s. 1'hi» is far shoit of tho tot ii eo>t, and wo confidently hope to record tbe additiou of £fltU)l) to thia amount beforo the building is opened. The foimclnliou »toiio of the new builqing vvus hiid by Mi». Hau,))» "; but the bed rook upon which thu whole uiojcct of the btiilomg undoubtedly lestftlwss tho splendid gilt of _2000 by ibu Hon. John Friuor, M.L.O., whoso death dining ill« your wo havo to deplore. Mr. Frai-or was for many y eura o¿u of our vioe-prcsldmts, a liberal supporter of all brunches ot our work, and ono whose gensrosity ahnuld long bo roinoin berod among u«, Young Men'» Christian Association at Penrith: A brunoh of the hhbichillon Ima been formed at Penrith, willoh promises to he a great snoioas- itn members now number (io. finance«: Financially »vc cloaa tho year 'in a worse position than we over previously occupied, 'i'hiu wo attribute to the lurg» call« wo have bceu obliged to niako on our frienda for the mission work of the association, aud thereby caueui a diminution of their contribution« to tha general fund, which is conseqiionlly much overdrawn not- withstanding tho Btrictoat 'oeonomv. There has been an increase on the roll of incnibo- of 1 IS dnrinir tho past yr-ir. The ubi-ocltitiou baa not beor» without ditliculiiem «luring tbo yr-ar, but wa aro tbuukful to say tbey havo been over- come. When the work at the Opera Houae, which moro perhaps than ouy otbor has been the public proof of the aggreseiveness of our Christianity, was threatened with stoppage on account of the great financial pressure tliac would ho entailed to carry it on, it seemed its if tho Association, wai to suffer severe defeat; but ' emptiest lora moved cup lo fullest gain,' ani the nsult to-d.iy is that wo hnVo been cnn'-lt- tu * ten.tben our cords and sttcngthea our stakes,' and now stand m'rt »bout xvith a broader and firmer baud ol co-operative Christian svmpatby than ovor before. Times of perplexity and difficulty have not boon Buffered to culminate in catastrophe, but have aerved to shoxv us how real and binding on the hearts of Cbriatitm men and women aro tho claims of tin aatociu tiun whit-h, despite all f "luro*t still strives xvith purity of motivo end earnestness of purposo lo com* asa the good of man and the glory of God." 