THE AUSTRALIAN CUP HOUSES. Br u VlGlLAHT." Whbtheb attributable to the high-pressure pace sustained by nineteenth-centary racing men, or to the fact that every sportsman clings to some little association of racing ideas, and entertains either pleasant or disagreeable memories of past big events, I don't know, but most assuredly no section of the com munity realises the truth of the old Latin Delectwt lesson, fempui fogit, more vividly than sportiog men. Here we are almost face to face with the Australian Cap of '86, while it scarcely seems twelve months since Mr. Porves, in the (Supreme Ooort, donned the prophetical mantle, and after cross-examining Hn De Hestre in the Gndarz libel case, asserted, that unless Navigator fell he couldn't lose the Australian Oup of '83 if he started ; imd it certainly seems very much less than a year sinee we saw Ivemy on tfalua shake the Tasmanian up and win the Newmarket Handicap in a walk in front of Le Grand, while Morpeth, on the following Thursday, romped home just as easily in the Australian Cup. Anyhow, another three days will bring us to the eve of the Autumn Meeting, and double- event backers on Saturday night will know whether they have "'a leg in " or not, while fielders on the following day will be assiduously ascertaining how many horses they have to "bring for ward" for the Oup. Verily time and tide (and I may add, in parenthesis, George Watson) Wait fdf bO ffl&Dj; &bdf; although - we prophets would 1dm to liave an inkUng aslb what am likely to drop oat to-morrow when the final forfeits are due I must tackle the task to- day and endeavour to find under which thimble the Australian Cup pea is concealed. I shall expect to see something like fifteen or sixteen horses saddled up, and from those now remaining in the race I shall at once dis card the Unlikely Winners. Sardiua, 8st. 61b.; Chuckster, 8»t. sib.; Gar field, 8et. 21b. t Bir Garnet, 7et. 111b. ; Hill top, 7«t, 101b. ; Prometheus, 7s t. 61b, ; King of the Gipsies, 7et. 81b.; Minerva, 6st. 71b. ; The Knave, 6st. ; and Sheela, 6st., are none of them likely to finish in the front ; and the majority mentioned will not face the . starter. The Good 'Uns. Commotio, 10st. 41b., will finish in the first three if Mr. Pearson starts him. As, however, I scarcely think that would be wiee in the face of his Champion prospects, I would advise my readers to " bide a wee." Welcome Jack, 9st. 6ib., is about the handeomest horse on the Flemiogton ground, and as his New Zealand performances prove Him to be as good as he looks, he most ran forward in this race. The Plukobb, 9at. lib., carried four pounds less in the Melbourne Cap, and looked like the winner as he turned into the straight. He was scarcely cherry ripe then, and I shall expect him to give a better account of himself in the Australian Cup. Gross wo&x;, 8st. 121b., finished third in tiiis race two years b&ck.; Siooe then, beyond winning the Adelaide Leger, he has done nothing brilliant, and I am afraid the little ohesnnthasgoneoff irretrievably. When well he is a good 'on, hence his inclusion under that heading. Oft Oolqub, 8st. 101b., la the pick of the haodioap, and will strip one of the fittest horses in the raoe. I have stuok to the son of King Cole for a long while, and I have an idea that I am going to be rewarded this trip. Anyhow I have very little hesi tation in asserting that in my opinion whatever beate Mr. Wilson's representative will win the Australian Cup. Cobxolavus, 8st. 61b., has five pounds less to carry than in the aame event last year, when he finished nowhere. On his Hobart Cup running Ooriolaous has but a very remote ohanoe of winning the two miles and a quarter race,' "but as I fancy be was short of a gallop or two at Hobart, I shall expect him to strip a better horse next week. David, 7st.I21b., is anhonest little animal, and may straggle into a place, but there are at least two in the race who, in my opinion, hold him perfectly safe. Rikgwood, 7st. 131b., will carry precisely the same weight under which he led into the straight last year. If Seobie succeeds in bringing the son of St. Albans to the post as fit as when I last saw him, another of our big erents is. likely to fall to the lot of a Tasmanian-bred hone. KSiltsb King, 7et. 61b., will, in the opinion of many good judges, be Wilson's representa tive in this raoe. If he starts he will finish id the first three. Sixbbt Avchob, 7et. 51b., will, in the eTent of his winning theetx-furiong race, start first favourite _f op the Cap, and in any ease he ia bound to ran prominently in the latter event. Helens, 7st. 81b. is the most improved animal at Fleming ton, and. will win a raoe at the Antnmn meeting unless I am very mnch mistaken. Whether the Australian Cup will be her u dart " or not is another question. Bbown and Rose, 6st. 12lb., is a game little mAre, and well worth an outside invest ment. Aoolytb, 6st. lUb., is an undoubted stayer, and as game as a pebble. I think the tricolour is almost certain to be borne in the van by this eon of Newminster in the Australian Cap. Stobhawat, 6stn is well enough bred for a Derby witr, and if an nnt-and-ont sur prise it? m store for u it '! cffiuo. from ibis quarter.. Summing u brltii.T J thiDk that the Cap .lUrvetohe. ' BXtVEk, E.1STG.- ard 1 placn tlcm-— SILVER KING ... ... I Ringwood ... ... ... 2 Aeolffie ... ... ... $ Apropos of Silver Sag, I may hint thai- ii my opinion he is good enough t> ,-ic. the treble — Leger, Cap, pr ' , :i- .Mr, Ovbb i. rcore of horse? cciw;«mp to receive strong support to,- the Nc . Handisop. which, juj'cV.g /. «Lc y "facc:«d ones," murt l e rpi/ 'p- ' AH hacked arr. e a;; 1, sl.'' have bt»ir innumerabl. - > j, if istocri .1 half the ru- irs afioaL, this year's Nea> market. Hanoic&p; will he ran oonsiderebiy Under lmin. 16sec. Credai Judaut. DtJBXNG the past few days rumonrs have been' afloat to the effect that the Mains party would match their craok to give Wel come Jack a Btone and a beating for £600 or £1000 a-aide. We are not aware whether there is any foundation for the report, bnt feel convinced that, as far as "Mr. Rilbrowe is oonoerned, a match on these terms for, say, £500 a-side, with a reasonable forfeit, over a mile and a quarter or a mile and a half, oould be arranged to- morrow, to take place after tbq VZR.O. meeting, and wethiak cboet Victorians even at a stone handioap would be inclined to lay 6 to 4 on Mains. We woold like to see more matobes of this description bronght : off here. At home thereiasoaroely a meeting at Newmarket or Epsom which does not include a match for supremacy between a couple of horses whose relative merits— like those of Commotion and Malua, Blink Bonny and Colstoun, or Bufus and David in recent racee here — have formed matter for controversy. There can be no doubt bat that if Messrs. Inglis and Pilbrowe could see their way to arrange a match between their great guns tiie race would be one of the most interest ing events on the V.R.C. programme. The usual obstacle to a match of this description is, no doubt, the dread of displaying their hands, and thus incurring extra weight for future handicaps, which influences aoms owners ; this, in our opinion, is altogether a fallacy, or matches would sea—-1- V: fashionable at home \- TUB epeetauiuiiceeented-by 1> '"' the training ground yesterday i -- teally pitiful. After completing gallop he polled up so fearfully :uu-.- was with diffionlty removed from n;- < and hobbliog on his toes, and sp«- terrible agony, last year's champion was ied off the track by his owner, wins bad fortune ve deplore most sincerely. What a wonderful difference 'few months may effect in a horee's health. Last year I& Grand, <« strong as a lion, finished second fn the Newmarket Handicap, third in the Australian Cop, and wound np by .winning the Champion ; to-day, looking an utter wreok, th9 great horse has broken down so badly that we are not likely to Bee him ever race again. Both rivals (Martini and Le Grand) are now knocked out, and we question very much whether we had ascertained the length of the tether of either. Within the past few days Commotion has advanced in public favour for the Champion race, and so rosy are his prospects thought to be that 7 to 4 is not easily obtainable against hrm. The son of Panic is reported to be in excellent condition, and knowing this, and also that he is always run out, the public do not hesitate to back bim. Wb learn that Mr. E. Weekes has purchased the Hon. L. L. Smith's stables at Oanlfield, the figure, it is whispered, being £1000, ana we art further informed that the popnlar trader will, in futnre, train his own horses. . David, it appears, is doing excellent work at Oaulfield, and is reported to be fn first-class oondition. If snob is the case he shonld render a good account of himself at the com ing Antnmn campaign. How are the mighty fallen ! The Czar, who ran seoond to Znln in the Melbourne Cop, carried silk in a ten pound selling race at Docoaster on Hatnrday, and, despite the cervices of Barton, finished a bad last, two or three hundred yards behind anything. The injury sustained by Bargo when he strnok his leg last week has turned out te be so serious that Mr. Fenselly, finding it useless to persevere with him, has struck the eon of Maribyrnong ont of all hu V.R.C. Autumn engagements. Battailous, whose chance of winning the Newmarket Handicap is regarded in some quarters as a particularly rosy one, has arrived at Flemington, and appears to be in first-class order. With the exception of Tichboroe, all the Victorian horses nave returned to Melbourne from Tasmania, and are looking none the worse for their trip to the tight little island. One of the beet six-furlong gallops nego tiated this season was (hat of Leporello, who was yesterday morning tried with Amelia Viotoria at Flemington, and beat the mare badly, the time being very good. Some Bonanza betting has taken place on the Newmarket Handicap during the week, Mr Morris Jacobs having laid the following leviathan wagers : — J&5000 to £150 Salvo, £4000 to £200 Coronet, £3000 to £90 Topaz, and £2000 to £200 Sheet Anehor. The question as to how mnoh money oonld he obtained from the bookmakers against a Newmarket Handicap horse cropped up in oourse of a discussion at the rooms last night, and the general consensus of opinion was that the ring is good for £80,000 on a Newmarket Handicap, and £120,000 on a Melbourne Cup. The numerous .friends of the Leviathan will be pleased to hear that he is now able to leave his room, and although it is improbable that he will be well enough to put in an appearance at Flemington during the Autumn -Meeting, I hope to eoofi be able to record his ateotoriab oners to n back thb field." The best gallops of the week at Fleming- ton and Oaulfield have been performed by Commotion, Off Colour, Silver King, Mas- ootte, Velocipede, The Ghost, Coriolanus, Helene, Coningsby, Middlemarch, ana Leporello, e&oh; of whom has been heavily booked for their respective engagements. At Mordialloc Prometheus and Xsntippe have been distinguishing tnemselves. In connection with the alleged nobbling of Tichborte, a wi&lmown; trainer contends that a bnoket of water would not by ite'f cense a horse to lose a race, and this matter is somewhat debated among the knowing ones of the tnriL Tk» appointment of judge to tho Vioiorian Racing Club m<t yet h ten mode, and ir is probable thivv no rakotioa will take pUoe for a .short ti toe anthorittoPjn the matter, Mi. G. Vowlcs j wilt di«t«gt/ihr omifift of during tbo ensuing wring campaign. Oun Sydney-special wires that there is but little betting at the local Tattersall's, and that the trains to Melbourne are very well filled with visitors for our Antnmn Meeting. A" might bare been expected in so olose a iw&uib;, there was great excitement in Sydney- over the crioke£ contest. Beach and Clif- foza'e meeting on Saturday is engaging at tention, notwithstanding the war fever in the sister city. Town Moob, a candidate for Newmarket Handicap honours, made his appearance on the Flemington training track tor the first tiue last week, and. created a very favourable impression, following half dozen animals, all of Vy.>m are looking very well, arrived at Flem iogton from Sydney on Monday Garfield, Brawn and Roiei Surrey, Trickett, Student, afid Hawkesbury. The horses at Flemington are at present pretty well occupied. Ov Saturday last Mr. E. De Mestre's un named filly, by Piscator out of Lady Spec, arrived at Flemifcgton overland from Sydney. She is entered for the Sires' Produce Stakes of the approaching meeting. A little bird whispers that (he best- conditioned hone at Oaulfield ia Mr. J. G. i Brad's Ghost, -who wQl atrip in splendid fettle on Saturday, and will be ridden by M. Trahan. Tax steeplechaser, Deceiver, has changed hands, bnt still remains in Batty's stable. On behalf of Australian raoing men we have to welcome Messrs. Pilbrowe and Horsford, two New Zealand owners, who are now paying their first visit to Viotoria. As the owner of the Maoriland champion, "Weloome Jack, Mr. Pilbrowe is known by repnte throughout Australasia. Fob the convenience of visitors to the raoes at Flemington on Saturday trains will be despatched from the Spenoer-atreet station to the oonrse at short intervals between the boors of 10.80 and 2 p.m., and then at longer intervals until half-past three. The usual arrangements as to the entrance at Spenoer-street will be carried ont. Several of Mr. J. J. Miller's crack trotting horses which are to be Bold by pnblie anotion on Tuesday next were present on the course at EUternwiok Pack on Friday last, and came in for agood deal of attention from a number of well- known racing men who journeyed thither for the purpose. Several of the horses, inolnding Honesty and Con tractor, were worked on the track, and, as usual, their style of going evoked mnoh admiration. An adjournment was subse quently made by the visitors to the oom- mittee room, where the healths of Mr. Mitier and Mr. Haydon, the seoretsty of the Yio- torian Trotting Olnb, were drank with en thusiasm. Ownebs and trainers are hereby reminded that the second forfeit for the' Newmarket, Handioap and Australian Oup must be derived and paid at the office of the V.R.O. before four o'clock to-morrow afternoon, otherwise nominators will be liable for the balance oftheatakes. The attention of racing men is also called to the foot that the forfeits for nominations in the Ascot Vale Stakes and 8t. Leger must be declared and paid at the same offiee before II am. on Friday next. / The annual meeting under the auspices of the Seymour Raoing Olub will be held On this local oonrse to-day, when, should the weather be fine, some highly .interesting sport should take plaoe. . The Iuglewood annual races are advertised to take place on the 25th March. The pro gramme which has just been issued includes the Trial Stakes, of 15 eors., one mile and a half; Memsie Handicap, of 25 sovs., three-quarters of a mile; Trot, of 15 sovs ; Inglewood and Bridgewater Handicap, of 60 sovs., one mile and a half ; Selling Race, of 16 sovs., one mile and a half; and Forced Handicap, of 10 sots., one mile. The Dnoolly Jockey Olnb advertise in our columns the programme of- their annual race meeting, which is to be held on 20th March. The bill of fare is an attractive one, 1 and embraMSHefollowiBg events Maiden j PUte, of 10 so.j nne mile and a quarter ; DuTi'/Uv Tpcke£1Cfab Handicap of 26 , sovs., j .one crile »« » Vf-s » 1 ;-Handieap Hurdle 1 Rack, of 16 soys.;. Trot, of 7 sovs.; and j Haok Hi.-.o, ' Tax programme of the Romsey annual ' races, which takes place on the 20th of March, has been iuned, and is an attractive one. It com prises a Maiden Plate, of 10 sovs., one mile | the Park Handicap, of 20 sovs., one mile and a quarter ; the Hurdle Race of 20 sovs, two miles ; District Handioap, of 20 son., one mile ; Romsey Handicap, of 30 eon., one mile and a half ; and Consolation Stakes, one mile. A eoiNpiL, somewhat similar to that created by the suspicious running of Tich boroe in Tasmania, was caused a short time sinee in Wellington, New Zealand, where a hone, named Macaroni, and his owner were disqualified Tor questionable tactics at a race meeting. The dark doings of the . turf are not all local. , The Haywood races take plaoe to-day, and, should the weather be fine, will doubtlessly rasa off in a snobesBfol manner. The Seymour Raring dab also hold a meeting on the local oourse to-day, and should receive a good dead of pnblio patronage. The Mnrrambidgee Turf Gab have issued the programme.of their Autumn Meeting, to be held on Wednesdayand Thursday, the 22nd and 23rd of April. The events to be deoided inrinde The Autumn Handioap, of 6 sovs., with 200 sovs. added; Hordle Race, of 6 sovs., with 60 sovs. added; Renewal of Mares Produoe Stakes, of 10 sovs. eaob, with 100 sovs. added ; and Antnmn Bracelet, joined at 60 guineas, with 100 sovs. added. The date of general entry Is fixed for the 17th 'April. The great rush of advertisements and raring matter again this week compels us to hold over our .Sydney and Adelaide letters, eyoling,and a mass of other interesting news. Ws beg to draw attention to the fact that entries for the Goodwood Handicap and Adelaide Oup, which are to be derided at the Autumn Meeting of the Sonth Australian Jockey Club, to be run at Flemington, close on Monday next at 4 p.m. Ownebs and trainers are notified that nominators wishing to declare out of (be minor handicaps raid weight for age races of the Antnmn Meeting most do so before II o'clock on tbe morning of the race, or they become liable for the balanoe of the sweep stakes. The WiUiamstown Raring Club have issued the programme of their Easter Mon day Meeting. It embraces a Hurdle Raoe, of 60 sovs.;- -Altona Handioap, of 60 sovs. ; Telegraph Stakes, of 60 sovs. ; Steeplechase, of 60 sovs. ; and Seaford Handicap, of 75 sovs. Entries are due on the 23rd Maroh. The programme of the Autumn Meeting of the Oranbourne Racing Club, to be held on the 21st March, has been issued, and ia Sri attractive one. It comprises a Hurdle Race, Maiden ;firiling Raoe, Oranbourne i Handicap, .Western Fort Handicap Steeple chase, Ladies' Bracelet, and Selling Haok Race. "Entries are due for the Hurdle E» Oranbourne. Handicap,- and .Western p"? Steeplechase before 4 p.m. on the 3? " the general entries bring due ' "i,. lfi,i! of March. tto l6th J. n onSS - -mtrZ districts. Amongsttbe H/wifV-ww -the 'leading. racing. men of New Booth Australia, Queens -no, Tasmania and New Zealand also eupplj j a percentage of -thrfif popnlar turfites. An important sale of racehorses will take place to-morrow at Tattersall's Hone Bazaar, Exhibition- street, when some of Mr. Morris Jacobs' animals will be offered for sale. As the lot comprise Ned o' the Hills, Bend Or, Hilltop, Lady Claudia, and several other well-known performera, there shonld be a large attendance of intending purchasers. The booths and gates in connection with the Autumn Race Meeting were sold at Kirk's Bazaar on Monday, at the following satis factory prices:— Hill— Booth No. 6a, £42, Mr. Skinner, Golden Gate Hotel, Booth Mel bourne; No. 1,'£S0, Mr. Skinner; No. 3A, £48, Mr. Skinner ; No. 5, £46, Mr. Sheeban, New Treaeuiy Hotel; No. -.7, £42, Mr. : jjMhj £40 IfiiiilbmificBi' J&1G, Mr. JSvansl fruit stand, £7 Mr. Woolf ; oyster booth, £2, Mr. Malone, Flat— Booth No. 8, £!7,|Mr. Skinner ; No. 6, £17, Mr. Skinoer ; No. 4 £18, Mr. Skinner ; No. 2, £19, Mrs. D'Arcy ; outer carriage paddock, £32, Mr. Bolyn ; gates, £180, Mr. J. Warne. The extraordinary bungle that took plaoe over the late Auckland steeplechase is cer tainly a most annoying affair, for not only bra it had the effect of robbing a gallant bone of a well-merited victoiy, but it has thrown the various wagering into great confosion (writes the Auckland correspon dent of a Christcburoh paper). The mistake, which was a very simple one, was brought about in this way : The double hurdle in front of the stand had been lengthened by the addition of two sheep hurdles. These, however, were not placed there for the horses to cross, but merely to keep the crowd from closing up to the jump proper, which was marked in the orthodox way by the flags. The clerk of the course cleared the way for the wrong jump, and Exchange led over it, followed by Clarence, King, and Julia Anu ; but the jockeys of Sunray and Idnwood knew the correct places to jump, and, notwith standing that the people were there as thiok as bees, they took their hones over it. As your readers already know, the owner of Sunray protested agaiDSt Clarence being de clared the winner, and claimed the race for hie horse. The stewards thereupon met, and it was proved beyond doubt that the then first horse had jumped the wrong side of the fleg. But then came the state ment of the judge that he had left the box before Sunray finished ; this certainly made matters more confused than ever, and, after a long meeting, it was decided to ran the race over again. This certainly was very hard on Mr. PUbrow, but, looking at all the circumstances, there can he little doubt that the stewards acted rightly in so doing. The race was ordered to bis ran on the day following, but by that time a friendly bullet had put on end to Barbery's existence, while Clarence and The Lad were o sore from their exertions on the previous day that their owners elected to scratch them.— After an exciting race on the second occasion Liowood beat Sunray by a neck.— Ed. £. — The stewards of the club, after considering the protest by Mr. PUbrow, owner of Clarence, and the claims of Mr. Maxwell, owner of Sunray, re the Steeple chose, decided that neither bod any claim, iieii u»« oldest and probably tbe most respected of his class, cares for the lads that are bonnd to biru almost as mnch as if they were his own children. Fancy daily devotional exercises in, say, Tommy Jones or Ike Fouleham's stables ! 1 Family prayers, I am told, are held morning and evening by Mat. Dawson, and every night for a couple of hours or eo the lads, of whom there are never less than forty or fifty attaohed to the establishment, are in structed until they acquire a fair common school education. They arefed with the purest and most wholesome food, decently and com fortably clad, and but for the fact that they are engaged daring a portion of the day in riding horses at excroise, and that eaob lad has the "doing" of a partioulaf animal, the life they lead is very mnch the same as that in daily progress at a good boarding- bonee. Of coarse, oat of, say, twenty boys who are apprenticed to learn the trade of a jockey, at least fifteen wUl, in the course of a few years, increase in weight to snch an extent as to be practically useless for riding in a race. Of the remainder perhaps only two or three will develop intopromisiog horsemen. They may ride well enough to be able to stick on a horse, hut yet may lack judgment in the matter of paoe and be un equal to squeezing the last ounce ont of a horse in a clo?e finish. As time goes on, the boy whose weight has fortunately for himself increased bnt slightly, and who has proved to ' the satisfaction of his master that he possesses a head ,as well as hands, will be at length entrusted with a mount in pnblio, and then, shonld he by chance be anooBssfnl in his first assay, he will find the road to fortune an on- oommonty easy one to travel 