THE CADLFIELD DIVISION AT FLEMINCTOH. r.Y OUR CAEMIELD 81'ECIAl.. The enterprising spirit shown by the management of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club has during the last few years led to such an increased amount of public interest being displayed in racing matters at Cauificld, that the early spring meeting oh the nonular heath has assumed proportiou6 whicli are excelled at Flemington alono: indeed the C'aulfiold Cup of 1885, which, owing to its melancholy attendant circumstances, will be long remembered with deep regret by those who were present, at tracted such an unprecedented amount of public attention as to suggest its rivalling even tho great Flemington gathering. This, how- ovcr, will probably never bo the caso so far ns tho general public are concorncd, the Mclbourno Cup day being firmly established as thopooplo's holiday, aud it is well known that numbers of peoplo from all partB of i ho colonics, who never think of attonding a racocourso on any other day of tho year, regularly assemble at Flemiugton on Cup day to enjoy tho unrivalled pageant, and to give themselves up for tho nonce to tho excitement and recreation indulged iu on that dayalono by nearly nil olaeEOs oflho oommunity. If tho public have had oauso to bo gratified at tho offorts mndo by tho V.A.T.O. to provide for their comfort and accomodation, it is certain that tho Oaulfleld trainers nro still more in debted to Mr. Bond and his committee for generously allowing them to uso the course proper on three days in each week, and it may bo safely affirmed that during tho unpropitlous weather which has marked the pn6t fewmonths trainors at Caulfield havo on this ncconnt been placed at an advantage ovor their eonjnrr at I Flemington who hnvo been restricted to tlio I use of tho tracks, which not oven tlio caro and attention of Jonathan Brown, tlio votoran ranger, could protect from tho ravages of the elements. Grace Darlings onsy victory in tho Caulfield Cup, though doubtless assisted by tho dire catastrophe which cost poor Donald Nicolson his life, may In no small measure bo ascribod to the enjoyment of an excellent training ground during her prepara tion, for whilst daily bulletins announced tho defection of public favorites who had succumbod to tho effects of broken and disordered tracks olsowhere, Mr. Reid'a gallant littlo maro stripped on tho eventful 17th fit to run tho pro verbial raco " for a man's life." No sooner is tho Caulfiold meeting numbered with tho re cords of tho past than wo find ourselves on tho eve of tho groat spring carnival of tlioV.R.C., and it is to tho chances of distinction at tho forthcoming Flemington gnthoring, possessed by the Caulfield division, that I now find it my duty to draw nttoution. Taken as a body, I may say at once that I do not expect to seo tho Caulfiold trained horses successful at Flemington, that is to say, al though a few of tho good things may probably fall to their share, I am prepared to find their successes few and far between, as they bear a very small numerical proportion to tho total number of horses engaged, whilst there arc somo amongst them of whose chances I must say I hold but a poor opinion. In tho Maribyrnong Plate the honor and glory of Caulfield will bo entrusted to Louiso Ilerta, aud a worthy representative too is this smart daughter of old Darriwell, who must possess an excellent chance of at any rato " shaking" the great 2-year-old ovont, as her preparation has been all that could be desired aud her pace is beyond doubt. Now that Highland Chief has been with drawn from all engagements, the Cnnlficld nags ongaged in the Derby aro Mossiface, Solo, St. Giles and Molodious, and although I am fully satisfied that tho last named will some day win another, and probably a big race, I cannot look upon any of tho quartetto with favor in a raco liko the Victoria Derby is likely to bo. The Caulfield division in the Melbourne Cup are Blink Bonny, Bosworth, and Grace Darling, and of thoso I havo no hesitation in taking tho Caulfiold Cup winner for choice. Since her rocont vic tory she has been doing stendy work and doing it well, hut although 6ho has always been au especial favorite of rnlno I am bound to coufess that I look upon tho Mclbourno Cup as being a littlo bit beyond her tether, con sidering the number of favorably handicapped horses she will bo called upon to meet with her 7 lb. penalty ; at the sanio time I entirely scout tho very popular opinion that she cannot stay tho distance. Bosworth I pass ovor, as I don't beliove In resurrectionists, nor is ho likely in my opinion to seo tho post fit enough to win such a race, and I prefer Blink Bounv's chance of appropriating somo of ' tho smaller handicaps should she he slipped, to her pros pect of winning tho Cup. Unless, therefore, Graco Darling should surprise even her most ardent admirers, tho Caulfield con tingent has I opine hut tho remotest prospect of playing nn iinportent part in the Melbourne Cup contest. From tho above remarks it will bo seen that the only probability I seo of any one event in tho big treblo going to Caulfield is through the possible superiority of Louise Berta iu the Maribyrnong Plate, but in somo of tho other events of tho meeting I think tho denizens of tho heath possess a very fair pros pect of success. Blink Bonny for instauco I take to bo capablo of stretching tho necks of tho best of thoso engaged in tho Melbou no Stakes, and Bohemian with 7 st, 7 lb. in tho Selling Ractfwill be hard tob&at; over 7 furlongs should ho start. Many of tho handicaps have yet to bo made, but in tlio Hotham Handicap it would room that both Hippogriff and Doncaster aro nicely weighted, whilst Bohemian lias no more than ho deserves in tho Coburg Stakes. Iu this ovont both The Ghost and Camerino ore hardly dealt with, but under any circumstances I don t think tho latter is well onoiigh to win a race at tho meeting. Should Blink Bonny not bo too sevorcly treated in tho V.R.C. . Handicap . I would recommond readers of theso words. to remember how sho led n strong field ovor the same distance in tho autumn from start to finish; with a reasonable amount of leniency from Mr. Bar nard, LouIbo Bcrta, Manxman II., Master John nnd Garibaldi should proro to be a dangerous quartette ill tho Nursory Handicap, although I fear tho lattcr's tompor will ruin liim. Coming to the jumping division I need hardly say that Lady Ashton's performance on tho 17th stamped hor as a first-class mnrc and a splen did jumper, and in both tho Open and Weight for Age Steeplechase sho must command res pect. I nm not fond of Gasalier's chance in tho Hurdio Raco, but will conclude this hasty glnnco at tho Cnuifleld division with my only straight out tip, and that is LIZETTE for the Open Steeplechase. Siuco her last ap- poaranco a fortnight ago she has been treated to rather faster work than previously, and feel ing convinced of hor capability to considerably improve upon hor running on tlio Caulfield Cup day I should Btnnd her with 11 st. 0 lb. and Batty up in preference to anything else. 