LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. ' - ? ' ' t;he'; kiamA ghost. Letter III. (to the editor.) Sir, — We now come to the day on which the unfortunate lunatic O'Farrell fired at and wounded the Duke of Edinburgh, at Clontarf, during the demonstration'^ aid of the Sailors' Home for Sydney. The date was, I think, the 12th of March, 1868. I was to have been at the meeting, and paid ten shillings for my ticket in aid of the institution. An' immense number of people went to Clontarf, belonging to all classes of the com munity, and everything seemed joyous and happy on the morning of that day, and throughout the day, until O'Farrell committed the mad act of firmer at thelPrinco. I now ropaat.the words, the mad act. Would anyone but a madman think of talcing the lif* of a young man' who never did anything to him, especially at a time and place when, if he for one moment reflected, he must have known that he could not possibly escape P Had he determined on murdering the1 Duke of Edinburgh secretly, O'Farrell might have found numerous opportunities ; but no, he chooses a time and place without any reason, to commit an act, without any chance whatever of escaping, for which ho forfeited his life. The scene at Clontarf when the Prince was shot was indescribable. Men who should have known better acted simply as savages or ruffians of the lowest type. Men moving in the most respectable positions in Sydney were grossly insulted, simply because they were Irishmen or Roman Catholics, and some of them barely escaped being roughly handled by their fellow-eitizens, who, for the time being, totally forgot themselvec. I will never forget the evening of that day. I was walking down Pitt-street, near to King-street, when an assistant at a shop asked me 'if I heard that the Prince was shotP' I replied yes, and stated that I was sorry to bear it. ' You are an Irishman,' said this fellow. I replied, 'lam.' 'I would put every Irishman in Sydney in an oven if I had my will,' said this salesman of slop clothes, ?' and roast them, alive.' ' You would ?' said I. ' Yes,' said this mighty manj ' for you are a lot of damned Fenians.' ' Am I a Fenian ?' ' Yes,' was the reply ; and the next moment there was a rush made at the follow which caused the seller of slop-clothes to take refuge behind his counter, while two gentlemen — one a Scotchman, who is still alive, the other a native of Sydney, who was a magistrate, and is now dead — ran across the street to nie, and calling nio by name besought of mo to go home. I told them what the fellow said, and added that I would not allow any man in Sydney to insult me with impunity. My Scotch friend said, ' I would lay a triflo that ? fellow will never insult you again.' I shook hands with these' gentlemen and went home. I will hero add, many years after, this very same man who so grossly in sulted me came up to me of a Sunday morning, when I was going to church, my son, who was then grown up to be a smart lad, being with me. This man told me ho had no breakfast, or means of get ting it, and asked me to give him something. I looked at him for a moment. '' Do you know me ?' I asked. Ho replied, ' yes.' ' Do you think you deserve any thing,at my hands P' He replied, ' no,' and was about saying more. I stopped him, and said ' That is quite enough!' I put a shilling in his hand, and went on my way to church.' I asked my son if he remembered .that man. . He said ' no.' I told him the occurrence %j he' then remembered, but he could not tinderstand how I could' give anything to. a man who had acted in .such a manner to nie. As we walked along I made this subject a text for a good lesson to my child, which I know he has not forgotten. The unfortunate man alludedto, on many occasions since met me, and was very grateful for some little kindnesses done for him. I would not have mentioned this matter, but with a view to show how frequently people who forget themselves during some political crisis or j-anic live to feel re tributive justice dealt out towards them ; but it is well when we have the power of paying back any bad treatment received, that wo would try and re turn good for evil. It would be tiresome to state, or try to state,' the feeling that was got up against the Irish people, almost all through the Australian Colonies; but in New South Wales, and Sydney in parti cular, a man's liberty was scarcely safe in those days ; and this excitement, I regret to say, was aided by a portion of the Press, and by some of the Government of the day, and by other persons holding high positions in Sydney ; and were it not that there were a few sterling men in and out of Parliament, who watched every move of those persons who wore as anxious to shed blood, aye the blood of innocent men, as were those filthy wretches lately connected with Dublin Castle, \ipon whose heads the retributive justice of Heaven has fallen with a signal vengeance, many men now alive in Sydney would have been imprisoned, if not hanged, simply because they were Irishmen, and would not submit to be trampled upon, or put up with the tyranny of the Government then in power. ' It was a trying time, more especially on poor hard-working men and women, who were put out of their employment, with no other cause against them but being Irish. However, many of the bigoted fools who acted ,in such a manner towards their faithful Irish mechanics, labourers, and servants, very quickly came to grief, and the man who actually prevented O'Farrell from possibly killing the Prince was simply ruined by being mixed up in the matter, William Vial was led to believe that for .his act of laying hold on O'Farrell he would have received some recognition from royalty.' He received a watch, and his mother, an old lady living in England, received -£10 from the Queen as a present, in recognition of her son William Vial's conduct in saving the Duke of Edinburgh's life. This ten .pounds was magnified' into - a pension of ten pounds yearly ; and I remember writing a letter to I tho Herald for Mr. Vial,' denying thati his mother ' had received any 'pension — that: she received only .the sum of ten pounds.! This letter was ro'f used to be inserted, and many persons wore, and possibly are still, under tho ini pression that Mr. Vial's mother got ten pounds a year as a pension. The truth is, she got the lump sum of ton pounds. It is strange, but nevertheless true, that many persons who acted a very insulting, unjust, and cruel part towards the Irish people — and many of ?them wore in a position to do so during this ter rible excitement— have since cut a very^ sorry figure. I could name many of them, but in this country, according to our laws, it is rather an ex pensive luxury to 'be truthful. This is true, and it is a great pity that it is so. Well, unfortunate O'Farrell was in prison, waiting his trial, and while there, it was amusing, if not disgusting, to read some of the articles in our leading daily papers. One day Darlinghurst gaol was to bo attacked ; at another time a large number of Fenians had arrived to rescue him. At another time there was to be a rising of Fenians to butcher ail the loyalists, and many an old woman was caused to shako in her shoes. At Kiama, on several occasions, one particular man was fired at, but never hit. Strange, there was no other place that such oonduct was pursued. The Kiama people, or some of them, at that time, we7-e brimful of loyalty and cabbage — they are not so now, since that ghost was laid. Bah ! re tribution has followed closely upon the heels of those bad spirits who were in league with this ghost. Most likely it will bo denied that there ,was any attempt made at raising this ghost, as there was an attempt made to deny other things which occurred during the year 1808. It is easy enough for some men to deny what they say or do, but will they be believed ? I have known men to stand up and make statements, outrageous statements, in public, and in a few months with unblushing effrontery deny them — but what is such men's denial worth ? I am, yours truly, TIMOTHY FOGARTY. Sydney, February 7th, 1885. 