INTERCOLONIAL. FROM OUR OWN OOnmjSI'O.NDUN'TJ.] NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, February 26 AT a meeting of the Marine Board yesterday it was unanimously decided that no boat, with the exception of the umpire's boat, should be allowed to follow the boat race between Beach and Clifford on the Parramatta River next Saturday. At the Quarter Sessions to-day, George Clare, who was convicted the previous day for garrotting, was sentenced to nine years penal servitude. The following cablegram has been received from the Agent-General, dated 24th instant, by the ' Acting Colonial Secretary:-" Earl Derby last night in the House of Lords, in reply to Earl Belmore, said he would be prepared to introduce a Federation Enabling Bill, but. he waited an answer from the colonies to his despatch of the 15th December. Lord Carnarvon urged that there should be im- delay, as Australasian federation was a high M rp to im- perial federation. He spoke of the splendid munificent offer of military -wakened made to this country by the Australian colonies as being steps towards Imperial federation He did not mean offers of the Governments alone, but of individuals of those colonies?, who were combining a princely liberality amid till the unfortunate circumstances of the past j car- and amid all the present gloom. The i conduct of the Australian colonies was one "certain!. spot upon which he looked with satisfaction. The fumigation of the steamship Ringarooma, which has been quarantined, is being proceeded with as rapidly as possible. There were eleven saloon passengers in the steamer, eight of whom have been secured, but three are still missing. There were thirty in the steerage, and twenty-two are now in quarantine. Three passengers are SM'. to have sailed for Melbourne by the Konoowarra, and the Victorian health authorities have been apprised of their departure. The funeral of the late ex-Judge Hargrave took place yesterday, and was conducted quietly, in accordance with the wishes of the relatives of the deceased. Among those who attended were Justice Fawcett and the Hon. A Cordon, Q.C. The remains were interred in the Waverley Cemetery. Preparations for the embarkation of the troops are going on with great animation. The fittings of the two transport ships Iberia and Australian are well forward, and will be completed in ample time. The horses are being trained at the Agricultural Society's grounds, and appear admirably adapted for service. The men are undergoing a thorough course of drill at the Victoria Barracks. Arrangements have been concluded for the embarkation of the troops, who will march from the Victoria Barracks at 1 p.m. on Tuesday. The route will be via Oxford, College, Park, George, and Bridge streets to Circular Quay. All vehicular and tram traffic will be stopped on the line of march, as the roadways will be wholly required for the troops, cavalry, and mounted police escorts. It is expected that there will be an immense concourse of spectators. A service of intercession will be held at St. Andrew's Cathedral on the Sunday after, when the sermon will be preached by the Primate. The Acting Colonial Secretary (Hon. W. B. Dalley),' accompanied by the Hon. J. S. Farnell (Minister for Lands), the Hon. H. E. Cohen (minister of Justice), together with several members of Parliament, left the Red- fern terminus by special train at 8 a.m. to-day for Orange, where they arrived this afternoon. The party was formally received by the mayor and aldermen. Mr. Dalley was presented with an address. The Acting Colonial Secretary, in replying, remarked that he felt convinced, however small our contribution of troops for the Soudan may seem in the eyes of those who regard national movements only in their material aspect, the moral consequences of our action to ourselves and the Empire will be of incalculable value. At the banquet at Orange given to Mr. W. B. Dalley, Acting Colonial Secretary, that gentleman said that any man in his place would have done all that he did, and have done it as promptly and effectually. It was, he considered, simply an act of duty done at the right time and under the right circumstances. The people had shown to the world within a week or two the glorious unity of the British Empire, the force and capacity of sacrifice of its remote dependencies, that its armies are to be found wherever its colonies are placed, and that in the moment of peril or reverse, millions of armed men would rally round and uphold its standard. It was not in what might be actually accomplished by our small but noble band, but what their enrolment and service taught to the world. The colonies are the camps and barracks of the Imperial forces, ready to die for the Empire wherever the foe might be found. That was the lesson which had by a singular privilege been vouchsafed to us, and which we had been enabled to teach the world. In referring to the departure of the contingent on Tuesday next, Mr. Dalley said that day would be the first in our heroic history, and he would take care that no material aid would be wanting to invest it with all the circumstances of a national festival and all the grandeur of an historical epoch. H.M.S. Miranda called at Fiji on the 10th February for a brief stay. No one landed and from the reticence observed and the speedy despatch, it is inferred that she was the bearer of information of considerable importance concerning State affairs at Samoa. The Fiji Times referring to the Hinemoa mystery, says, it is satisfactory that the New Zealand Cabinet allowed themselves to be ruled by common-sense. The Governor considers it would have been thoughtless to attempt to secure a selfish advantage without the slightest consideration for the strained relations between the Imperial Government and foreign powers, A quantity of wreckage is ashore at Levu, belonging to a large vessel bearing the name Nil Desperandum. A middle-aged man was run over and killed at the Stanmore railway station to- day. He has not yet been identified. A public meeting to endorse the action of the Government in sending troops to the Soudan was held at Balmain to-night. Considerable opposition was shown. The meeting carried an amendment by 100 to 83 declaring the action of the Government with regard to the expenditure vote as unconstitutional. The annual meeting of the Chamber of Commerce took place this afternoon. The report dealt in an exhaustive manner with several interesting matters relating to trade, wharfage improvements, liability of vendors for goods in transit, and other questions relating to commerce. Mr. McMillan moved the following resolution s.-" That in view of the fact that within eighteen months both the Northern and Illawarra railway lines will be connected with their respective coalfields, it is absolutely necessary that immediate steps be taken by the Government to enable coal from their districts to be delivered direct from the trucks into large ocean steamers at deep water, with all the facilities possessed by Newcastle for many years. The motion was carried and a depute tation was appointed to wait upon the Government." Arrived : Barrabool, s., from Brisbane. Sailed : City of Sydney, s., for San Francisco. VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, February 25. Major-General Scratchley had a consultation with the Hon. Jas. Service yesterday relative to the New Guinea question and the telegrams recently received from Lord Derby, indicating that the Imperial Government would not refuse to entertain the question of an Imperial contribution towards the expense of managing New Guinea. It was also suggested that the colonial Governments should without delay confer with Major-General Scratchley as to what extent the country inland should be annexed, to form an estimate of the probable annual cost, and to redeem- J mend how it should be distributed, and how contributions could be permanently secured. | No definite results have yet been arrived at. Major-General Scratchley proposes to go to Sydney next week, and will there meet his Excellency Sir William Jervois, so as to obviate the necessity of the former going to New Zealand, as at first intended. He will interview Sir William Jervois and a representative of the New South Wales Government, and return to Melbourne, where he will probably again meet the Hon. J. Colton on his return from New Zealand. Major-General Scratchley expects to leave here for New Guinea about the middle of April. A dreadful accident occurred at an alluvial claim near Eaglehawk yesterday, when two miners named John Holborn and Henry Hein were smothered to death in the claim. It is supposed the accident occurred through the faulty construction of the timber sels in the drive. Betting on the Newmarket Handicap : 7 to 1 v. Prometheus, 10 to 1 v. Sir Garnet and Sheet Anchor, Id to 1 v. Salvo and Coronet, 15 to 1 v. Battailous, 20 to be. Garfield, Mascotte, and Leporello, 25 to 1 v Surrey, 33 to 1 v. Coningsby, 40 to 1 v. Berkeley and Tom Moore. Le Grand, when training at Flemington on Tuesday morning, met with a mishap. and was more seriously injured than at first imagined. The injury is internal and it is not expected that the colt will survive. MELBOURNE, February 26. The following are the acceptances for the Newmarket Handicap Welcome Jack, Garfield, Ballarat, Sir Garnet, Blink Bonny, Prometheus, Coningsby, Middlemarch, Dueana, Topaz, The Ghost, Mistake, Amelia, Victoria, Sheet Anchor, Salvo, St" John, Velocipede, Alphabet, Mascotte, Town Plate : Moor, Lavington, Xantiphe, Bohemian, Hannibal, Surrey, Westbury, Marie Louise, Leporello, Claudine, Coronet, Australian Cup : Commotion, Welcome Jack, Plunger, Guesswork, Off Colour, Sardius, Coriolanus, David, Sir Garnet, Hilltop, Ringwood, Silver King, Sheet Anchor, Helene, Brown and Rose, Alcolytc, Coronet, Minerva, Stowaway. Scratchings. St. Leger: Dargo, Jackdaw, Tarpoa, Leculn, Lanoma colt, Italia colt, Sour Grapes filly, Garfield, Lord Exeter, Landsborough, Minister, Leporello, Helene Berkely, Gipsy's Warning, King of Gipsies, Seaspray Elly, The Boy, The Maid, Lavington, Hebe, Tide, Salvo, Sirocco, Undaunted, Sardanapalus, First Flight Princess, Quamboncson. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, February 20. The Government is making strenuous exertions to employ all surplus labour. The Commissioner for Works states that if men would only accept work outside, the Government directly or indirectly could employ every person really needing employment. It is rumoured that a coalfield has been discovered in the neighbourhood of Port Wakefield. A committee of local residents has been formed, the members of which will subscribe the neccessary funds to prosecute a diligent search. The Northern postmaster's report states that there have been serious delays with mails in consequence of the heavy floods in the North. The Minister for Justice, Hon. R. C. Baker, is recovering from his illness, but will be unable to resume duty for some days. A serious fire occurred at Gawler to-day, resulting in the destruction of the Bunyip newspaper office. The premises were partially insured. Several German colonists, in consequence of an offer made by the German Government, entertain a desire to try their fortunes in the German portion of New Guinea. A strong opinion is expressed by other Germans that the difficulties of settlement in New Guinea are so great that the island does not possess the same attractions as Australia for German enterprise. An inquest was held at Tanunda yesterday on the body of Johann Godfried Doggel, a farmer, who died suddenly. Medical evidence showed that he had been treated for inflamma- tion of the lungs by an unqualified practitioner named Kloslermann, whose treatment had induced mortification. Kloslermann was severely ensured. NEW ZEALAND. Dr-XKW**, February 20. The Cup was won by Emma, July being second, and Nelson third. Seven horses started. Won easily. Time, 3min. 53sec. The fastest on record. 