A DEAD MAN'S LOVE. -Translated from the German of E, M* Vaccino by Helen XaJtc. The ruin Iiittl conns so Midilonly f lint (lie ; Ociuntcss Klsu Aiwn could not; possibly, cvou liy mutiny spurs u> hor horse, rcueh tho" CiwiUo Lmicut before k)u; wna wet and throii-?h, so she and her old groom,..Mm Drim, drew rein under the jKirif- rtn-ht'if of a dilipnte<l building, tlml. iioomc-d uniiiliabifod as well. The countess i.pi-anic from her horse, saying : "Hero is hhi'llcr, at least, John. Is not this one of our farm-houses? Put up tho hnr.???, mid wo will wait in ono of tho moms for tho storm to pass,' , " Your ladyship forgets—~" '? What { Are all the rooms shut up?" inquired the coimtesa, now half-way up tho si eps. " Not abut, up; but your ladyship knows thai a draqixm roghncub yrwa stationed here a week atjo, nud your ladyship has them ono of your fiinu-liouses for quart ew." "O]i, wns it this ono?" laughed the countis-s and us sho knocked at the door wiihhcr riding-whip, it opened, and an tillicer stopped out. Hu was tall, slender, yet itnnigly built man, the jicreouilication of the (Jroolc Jlai-s, in figure, strength, and carriage, but withal so deadly pale that the beholder could not decide whether his beauty was. grenUir than his singular pallor. "Oh!" ho exclaimed, as lie saw the lady, " parti on mc." " I camo to beg fov admission. The old houso belongs k> mo, but you aro the owner at present; will you give mo and my old John shelter from tho etorm I' , "You will bring my poor room good fortune, mademoiselle," and sho found herself in a room hung with epaulattes and uniforms; (he fablo was a chaos of books, lolter&, gloves, cravats, ink-stands, and small change. Ho swept tho tablo clear, and she seated ho wolf and looked through the window at the howling summer storm. '? You must keep us for a couple of hours, lieutenant," sho remarked, "Will you { lam tho Countess Elsa Arcon, of C'astlo Lancut.-" Ho lx>\ved politely, but with slight in ditl'erenoe, almost .mechanically. Inevory thtng that lie did. there was something measured, almost soulless, as if ho went through tlio customary forms of life by routine. " I am Lieutenant Raymond Stcrnfcld. You spoke of my keeping you ; but, as you lot mo know, tho house is yours." " Not tho room, though." Sho turned ns sho spoke, and for the first time they looked each other in the face. For the first time she marked his youth, his ex ceeding beauty, his unnatural pallor, and shivered as if with sudden cold. And as his eyes rosted on her ho seemed to fear her, lovely as she wa.s. He betrayed a sudden discomposure, and caught at his heart, as ono does when overcome by sudden terror or sudden grief. But tho little scono lasted scarcely a second, and they continued such v conversation ns generally follows a first meeting. Sho glanced out of tho window again, and watched the effects of the storm with an artist's interest. " Does not tho beauty in all this wild ness impress j-ou deeply V she asked. " No," ho said ; and again she noticed tho terrible quiet of indiii'erenco in him, as if ho were strange to tho world and tho world to him ; as if he could feel neither joy nor sorrow ; as if ho were a handsome, powerful automaton, in whoso faco his maker hod forgotten to put. a touch of living color, "No ; I see nature's beauty and wildnoss, but I tan not say they im press mc." "You aro fortunate," said tho lady, I slowly. " How comfortable it must bo for you." '' Do you think so V he replied, staring at tho raging storm ; then, with apparent effort, ho turned to his fair guest. "I am disgracefully negligent; lot mo draw the sofa to the. window." " No, thank you ; I am a little cold." " Your habit is damp. What can I do? ,, " Givo nio'a cigarette." " I am sorry that I have only Virginia. Josi, my Cossack, shall got you some tobacco and rico-papor." " Wouid you have him drown oii the way /" cried tho countess. " ]>ut you can not smoke Virginia." " I hopo not. Do you take mc for a corporal Jeh u cried, with her own pretty I vivacity. " I only wonder at you siuuking j such poison." " Yvu arc a tviuiyiuscur," "I Iwro tried all kinds. My father jv.as /in invctorato smoker, and. my hus band, Cioncral Arcon, was ill for five years botoi'o his death, and I was his only nurse. I learned to know my cigarette well during those long nights of watching and waiting, in the eioso, bad .atmosphere of .a sick room." She spoke simply, and Slornfold throw her a glance thut eeomed to ask pardon j for an injustice done her in his thoughts. "But j-ou have tea and n samovar,' I see, she added ; " will you give mc a cup of tea / You see I invite inysolf." " I will make it for you, countess." "'What! an officer make tea, with a lady in the room !" lauglied tlie pretty woman, taking the old Chinese tea-caddy and the samovar into her own hands. " Bczerdyi belongs to your regiment, I bolicvo. Ho used to be in the Uhlans, and is a son of Field-Marshal Bezordyi, fe ho not?" "You know everything, countess." "Oh, you wonder that I am well vorsed in army matters. You must remember that I am a soldier's daughter and a soldier's widow. Otherwise- 1 should not have flown so straight to a soldier for shelter from the storm," she finished with a smile. There was prido and dignity in her smile, childlike- as her eyes were. They drank tlioir tea, the clouds broke away, and the countess rose to go. " Thank you," she said, as sho gave him her hand, " and do not let mc remain your debtor long. You aro invited to come as a friend to Castle Laneut. I and my aunt, the Countess Odcscali, will bo delighted to see you. Will you come /" He bent his handsome head. ''Your permission is an honor. Our major, Count Lcttwitz, will shortly wait upon you with his officers." "Good-bye, then. I shall rovch Laneut in sunshine." As she rode away two officers mot her and bowed. One was the captain Count Linski, a tall, slender man, with a projec ting chin; the other was Count Dobski, ugly, and small, with freckles, red hair, and little, falso, grey eyes. " Uiat is the count-ess from the castle," said Linski. "She, was talking with Sternfold. How did Sternfeld, who is an iceberg, get mixed up"— Tho ugly little red-head smiled malici ously. "Sternfold and a loro-afliur!" ho said, ecomfulhy. " Not so impossible," returned Captain Linski. "Will you go with mo and speak to him?" "To Stomfold ? No!" said tho littlo count, sharply, and the Captain wont alono. " You have had a visitor I sec," ho said, as ho entered tho room. "Lord knows, such a pieco of fomnity makes abacholor'a den moro home-liko, even if sho is gone. The tea is hot still. Yes; thanks. It was tho Countess Arcon. Have you known her long ? Or is sho a relative {" " I saw her to-day for the first time," answered Stornfeld, in his indifferent manner. "Tho rain drove her in." "You lucky dog ! Then you will not bo sorry when the major takes us all to call upon Iter to morrow. She must be a peculiar creature. Scandal has never breathed hor name. Sho nursed an old husband on his death.bed, vegetates hero with a half idiotic old aunt, plays the piano magnificently, and will not hear of a suitor. What is she like ?" ."i really did not notice her," said Sternfeld, in his lifeless way. The major and five of his officers made their visit, to Castle Laneut. Tho Countess Elsa and her aunt Odescali received them charmingly. The Countess Odes cali was sarcoly. moro than a enflin who always smiled and ate, but sho was a sort of a chaperon for the young widow, and, with tho exception of tho necessary retinuo of servants (hey were the solo occupants of tho castle. "As a widow," said tho Countess Elsa in farewell, I have no reception day, but I hope whenever you aro riding by you will come in for half an hour when you have the time to spare—and as many of you togethov us possible." There was a charming air of command about her last words. As a soldier's daughter and a hostess, sho wished to to on good terms with all the officers but to none intimately. When they were gone she said to her aunt: "Well, dear Mona, how do you like them ')" But she did not ask tho question for {lie sake of any answer, for Madame Odcsculi's liveliest means of expression was an eternal, gentle smile. ?Sho was treated by her cheerful young niece liko v poor orphan child, and tho Countes3 Elsa talked with her only to express her own opinions and give her monologues an acceptable form, "You don't care much for tho major, you would say," pursued Elsa. "Ho tries to be more martial than Mars. You liko that long Count Linski tho best; ho is not handsome, and ho seems to have a wicked tongue, but he has sonio souse, you think. liezordyi is a nice boy ; yes, you are right. But I cannot endure that hideous Count Dobski, nor you either, aunt* He has never done us any harm, but we understand now the proverb ; ' Ked hair caiv.' All in .ill, wo aro raging, are we not, aunt ? Isn't it shameful that ho did not come ? It is unpardonable ! Of course, the major said to them : Gentle men, wo must pay our respects to the countess on whose estate wo aro stationed} and sho will invite us to dinner on sun days,' So they all camo except him. I care nothing about it, but it would havo been polite to return thu visit I was forced to make him."' Tho Countess supposed that Aunt Odes cali, as usual, heard little and understood less, So blio started when tho Odescali, opening her heavy mouth a littlo widor, said, thickly : "Who i" " The man who gave mo sholtcr in tho rain. How do 1 know what is name is 1" "Heis a count?" . . "No." " Is he handsome ?" "No." ? ?~???? "What is ho, then?" " Rude ! said tho countess with fluehed cheeks, then sho laughed, and added: What silly things we am to get so angry, Mona." Aunt Mona smiled, as usual. Tho countess did her duty ; Sho invited the Officers who had visited her to dine at Laucut. The dinners passed off as such dinners do. They told military anecdotes, talked politics, paid a few com pliments to tho lady of the house, atii, drank and felt completely at wise. In one of tho .anecdote's Lieutenant Stemfold's name came up. " You know him, Countess?" inter rupted Captain Linski, involuntary. "He in a member of your regiment who gave mc shelter in the last rain-storm," said tho countess tranquilly. "Why was he iwl with you when you called !" "Oh," cried Dobski, shrilly, " Stcrnfold is a little ioque. He is a misanthrope of the deepest hue. You must not measure him by the rules of society, Havo you not seen him ? Ho is as white as the Avail. I beliove he eats lucifor matches," Linski gave the little man a contemptu ous glance, and, in his deepest voice, said to the countess: "In fact Sternfcld is shy. Ho used to bo more sociable, but for tho last six months he has apparently boon ailing. Yet ho is one of the bravest officers in the army—a man of honor through and through, and a hero." "Until- ho had that rencontre with Prince Toko, in Vienna, about a dansevsc of tho worao reputation," cried Dobski. _ "The advantage was all on Stterafeld'a side, count," said Linski, raising his voice, "and you aro the last person to refer to the affair, for the sake of your friend Prince Toko." ?: "Gent-lomcn," said the countess in a mocking voice and a haughty face, "you are disputing about the right and wrong of a man in whom I have not tho slightest interest. Pray finish your former story." And when her guesta had left her, Countess Elsa, who had talked, laughed, and played her best, leaned her lovely head on Aunt Mom's shoulder as if deathly weary, and said, faintly : " It has been a stupid day, Mona. For a tlanjcuse, they said, r.nd he looks like Byron in his sorrow. I was very silly, Mona. Heaven be praised, I am cured." Aunt Mona smiled and stroked tho cheek of her niece, who in that instant buried a something as yet formless and nameless in hor stillest soul. So tho summer passed away. The countess passed her days, as formerly, at the piano, or with her embroidery, in monologues with Aunt Mona, or receiving visits from tho oilicers or from the ladies of tho neighborhood. She was naturally too proud ever again to mention Lieu tenant Siernfeld's name, and sho hr.d probably quite forgotten him, as it never appeared in her monologue with her aunt. But ono chance threw her with him. It was on the high road. A lovely summer day was cli.tuging into a .disagreeable afternoon of angry wind and duat. Tho CountessElxa was sitting in a little pavilion at the park gates, where she had brought her work, and now she rose and leaned over tho balustrade to watch a little caravan that w;is being swept along the road. It consisted of a bearded Italian carrying a littlo child on his back ; beside him ran a little boy with three pots, and a tiny girl wrapped in a coarse cloth, like a scarecrow, and the rear was brought up by a young man with a bass viol, a violin, and a bundle of clothes. They trotted by, poor children of the south, driven forward by the raw wind of tho north, and tho Countess Elsa's eyes followed them with tho shadow of tears. Ono more came after ; but no, he did not belong to them, this tall man in the faultless military cloak, and cap pulled far down over his brows. His eyes and hoi's met so directly thr.t he could not but pause and bow. "Did you see tho poor people ?" ! 'blio asked, as she leaned over tho railing. The pale ofiicer neared tho'gates and rested ono foot on the lower stop of her pavilion, but sho did not invite him in. "Poor people?" ho inquired, as if astonished. "I saw none." " Oh, you aro up in the clouds !" cried the countess. " They wero just in front of you, and at first I took you for ono of.: them." .?-.;' ?;?.;;,,?: He did not smilo. Such a. thing scorned impossible for his quiet features, j " Oh, you mean tho Italian musicians. Why do you call them poor / They are I two, they havo children with them. I call them rich. What does your tender heart find to pity in them?" Tliero was slight irony in his tone, not that of a desire to wound, but that -which springs from a bitterly roused heart. "Do you not see that they have no mother, and no home?" cried the countess." "Homo? Why, they have tho loveliest in the world—ltaly." "Italy!" sho exclaimed, angrily. " Every man has tho land of las birth, I suppose, lint these poor people must wander, wander, wander among strangers, misunderstood, earning their bread from day to day, nover seeing the next stop before them, going back to their Italy with gray hair and weary hearts, and knowing that sho may gvudgo them oven their graves." " And thore arc people who nover may hope to see their native land again, coun tess," answered the pale officer,"'sharply. " There are many quito respectable people who wander among strangers, stammering another tongue, or grown quito dumb, but they find no pity, because they do not parade their loneliness. Do you think an oak tree may not be lonely, helpless— may not dio of neglect in tho midst of a forest of oaks ?" Sho bent her head and rose. " You should know that bettor than I," sho said; "but tho storm is increasing and I am growing cold. Good night." Sho bowed and vanished from the pavilion. He pursued hie homeward way against tho wind, but once he stood still and looked back. " She must hate mo," ho said to him self ; " and why i" Then as ho walked ho murmured, "Is it worth while?" And when ho reached homo ho said to his Cos sack : " Josi, lay out my parade things to morrow. I shall make a visit." Tho Countess Arcon was on tho point of making a tour of her field, when sho heard tho bell announcing a visitor. It seemed to ring like a call for help in tho cars of tho mistress. "Poor Aunt Odescali and poor visitor," she murmured, and turned back from the hedge-gate to tho front steps. There she found Lieutenant Stenifeld. Sho bowed, but stood still instead of entering the houso. Tho beauty of the day might bo her excuse, though her reception was not cordial. He stood before her as before his general, and said, ceremoniously : " Madamo la comtesse, I have come to pay you my respects. How beautiful your park is!" It. was a beginning, and thoy walked together along (lie gravelled path and around the fountain in front of tho houso He answered more than he talked, but she felt conversational with him in spite of herself. Sho showed him the two pavilions that her husband's parents hail built, and spoke of her own childish fancies. I " Yes," ho replied, " youth is irrepres sible. It is past and gone, and wo give it up, but it always seems to be standiii" behind us. to keep a soft hand on ~nr shoulder, and its sweet mouth says, ; ' Thank God for mc." , J v "Ah, 1 liko you now!" cried Elsa; ; you would look on those poor musicians of yesterday with different eyes to-day. \ou are ono of those people on whom the weather has a great mliiieuee. like plants " "Do you think so, countess ?" ho an ewored, with a sad glimmer of ft smiio. But it -was a smile. "I think you aro mistaken. Every heart longs for joy unci gladness ; thare is none that finds pleasure in melancholy only because the weather changes. The sunshine or storm that makes our souls light or dark is within us, and not easily altered by force of will." "If people havo heavy bunions to bear," said tho countess, " they must not isolato themselves ; they mustoeek cheer ful people and try to lead a cheerful life, else they will find' existence poor and wretched." , "Do you mean mc ? " he asked, softly. "Yes" she returned, heartily. Pardon mc, but I think you arc a little unsym pathetic and unsociable. Of course it eonscrns no one, least of all a woman; but I am not a woman —I am a neigh bom-." Ho answered her smile, and there was something like gratitude in hisglanco and the light that came into his face like a winter sun on a snow-field. " Have you never hoard, countess," ho asked, slowly, " of a woman who in a time of epidemic avoided her own child, and shut the door on her wcej>ing trea sure ?—who died alone, without a hand to wipe the death-damp from her brow, that sho might save her child of infection ? Or say that a man knows ho is poisoned through and through—that the touch of his hand, the breath of his lips will bring his own enrse on others—will he not say to those who love him, 'Back'? Or, rather, will he not avoid every opportu nity to love, when ho knows tluit his lore will bring destruction to its object ? Or, take a wretched vagrant on whom rests tho curse of some crime, and who experts every day to feel the hand of ignominy on his shoulder ; let some loving being — a friend, a wife, a brother—opeu the door o? a home to him on his. weary march, warm a3 the hearth may glow, soft as the lamp may burn, lovingly as the lips may smile, will he enter to bring his curse across that threshold ? No '" "Perhaps not" said Elsie Arcoti; "but what courage, to be wretched, dying, and to push away the hand that would succor! But where have you learned that dreary way of looking at life ? Is not this earth beautiful / Look at the roses. Sse how the sun sands pearly lights across tho spray in tho fountain. Is it not glorious? Is it not bliss to bo alivo V ?'Who could say no to you?" he an swered with shining eyes and a faint tremulousness of the lip. v You fill every one that hears you with your joy in life. It is a blessed gift, and one that scatters blessings. God protcet you from all sad ness !" "?" ' '????? ; ? Sho blushed, but without embarrass ment, and their eyes met. When the glance of two pure and noblo souls meet and hold each other, a moment of restful pause from the storm of life comes to both, even if what the world call love never has existed between them and never is to exist. She only thought how glad sho was that at last he seemed happy. Suddenly something seemed to separate him from her, as if a horrible recollection swept over his soul. He turned deadly pale, his mouth grew distorted, but only for a socond; then ho regained his self control, the terrible quiet that sho had just succeeded in breaking. Spirits may look so when they hover over the cradlo of I an orphan child and hear t lie cock crow. |. "I quito forgot," ho said, presently, "that 1 am under ordei-3 today, and must go back. Pardon mc for having trespassed on your time so long, madamo. Had sho dreamed that this apathetic statue that spoke so mechanically and moved so wearily had been but a moment before a thinking, feeling human being ? No. As she looked nfter him, Elsa said to herself that he was no misanthrope, he was not unfeeling, he was only mortally tired. He had a heart. A few days afterward there was a fair in one of the great market towns, and Elsa Arcon, with her Aunt Odescali and eight or ten friends from tho neighboring estates, drovo over in a party tolook on. Late in the afternoon they set out for home, but the evening was so lovely, that it seemed a pity to separate, and what ploasantcr than to accept the invitation of the pretty Countess Arcon, and have suppiti- and spend the night at Onstle Lancut? After supper, as tho moonlight was bril liant, they all went out on the ten-ace, whore tho night air was heavy with the perfume of flowers. " It is just tho hour to listen to some-' tli'iig thrilling," said one of the ladies. " Who knows a ghost story ?" " Or a murder story V said another. "You always havo a story... roridyy, Dobski," cried one of the men to the freckled little count, the only officer present. , .:.-;? .;?"'.: :; : . : /;--. <'?'??.; " Yes, 1 know a story, but not the sort you want. "It is (rue, though; I havo. , it on the best of authority," "Oh, tell ife! When did it happen? Do we know tho heroine 1" "That I can not saj , , but it happened about a week ago in Paris. The lady's name war, Felice Frauois. Her father was a general in the cavalry, and she was out of boarding-school. Tho old general, though he was much beloved by tho army, was really wither a common sort of adven turer. Ao was extravogant to tho last degree, guzzled champagne at breakfast, and his wife was a milliner's doll, and nothing more. So he went on making debts, though he knew he never could pay, and every one lent because ho gave his word of honor. But a day came when ho must cither break his word or go to the Jews. Well, ho had a friend, an old man, who said to him : ' I will pay your debts mi condition I hat you sell mo your daughter—l big pardon—l mean that she will marry mc. . So tho father spoke to his daughter, and she clung to the old man with both hands, and to secure silk dresses and diamonds for life she sold herself like a bale of goods." "Is that all the story?" said a Polish count. "There is nothing unusual in that." " Yes," grinned Count Dobski, " it is a very simple story, but suppose tho heroine were ono of our friends ?" "Oil, it is too disgraceful 1" cried the ladies. At lost Hie Moon set, and they separated for the night. As Dobski hissed his hostess's hand, she said : "Thank you, count, for entertaining my guests bo kindly when I was tired." "Oh, countess, you Hatter mc," ho answered, modestly. But if ho had seen her heart, ho would have trembled, re iniirsole.s3 as lie wan. Early the next mortitii" the guests assembled for breakfast and departure. The liuly of the house Kent her. excuses. She had caught cold on the terrace, and was unable to appear. A ftor the guests were gone, Aunt Mona knocked at tho , dvor until sho opened it. Here eyes wero red, with slocpleaaness or crying, as sho caid: "A littlo headache, auntie. I am better, thank you." Then she wont back to her chair, and sat down, with her head in hor hands, supposing hor smiling aunt would go away. But suddenly sho felt Aunt Mona's hand on her shoulder, njid henrd ho say : " Elsa, I will tell you what is the matter. Will you listen 1" Elsa stared at her. Tho stereotyped sjnilo had gone from hor f;ice, and her eyes were dim with tears ; and eho spoke dis tinctly, though slow and heavily : " You wonder to hear mc talk, and to know that I can think. A veil seemed to fall from my mind not long ago, and my head began to live again, lint it was hard for mc to talk, so I kept still, and 1 heard people aay such evil things, that I did not care to open my mouth to thorn. But you never laughed at mc, Elsa, and I must speak to you, for you are unhappy. That foul-mouthed man wounded you to ' the heart yesterday, and you aro alone. I can only comfort you, not help you ;you must find a friend to do that. You have one in your heart, and he is bravo, but you would never call ]ihn, so I havo sent for him, unci ho will be here to-day- Who is ho, do you ask ? Could I mean any ono but the man who this moment is riding to your door?" And she pointed to the window, and the man that Elsa Arcon saw was-- Lieutenant Sternfeld. Sho went down to receive him, and motioned him to sit beside her. He said, in his weary yet courteous way, that sho had sent for him, and that he had comoto know-in what way he could bo of service to her. She tried to answer with coldness and pride, but she looked at him and trusted him. " Pardon my sending for you," she an-, swered ; "I need a friend." " Who has more friends than the Coun tess Arcon 1" " Friends who would like to be suitors. Do you think ono of the mon who come to my house, if I called on them in this way, would not feel justified in taking advan tage of it? Fee that reason I sentf?r you." : " For mc ?" "Yes; because you aro indifferent io rac as a woman, because you are indif ferent to tho whole world, and because I feel'that you are an honorable man." She was almoet as pale as he, as she cori ' tinued : " So, in this moment of my life when 1 need help, will you be my friend?" Sho seemed rather to confer than ask a favour. ! " Your friend," he murmured. " It is a simple tiling that I ask you to do ; only to read this letter from my dead father on tho day of my marriage to GcneralArcon." \- " Countoss, I cannot road your letter, I eannotaccept the honor of your friendship, nor ask you to rely-on my befriending you;" r ~ She rose, with rage and shame' "Because 1 am not a danscuw!" she cried. "You know about that? -. His y oyos wero unnaturally large, and his lips grew as white as his cheeks. Sho was frightened at what she had said, but her pride camo back. " I have heard it." "That (tanscusi; madamo la comtesse, I havo never spoken to, never ovon seen," he said, with a return of his customary indifference to her, to tho world, to him self. " Prince Toko was her avowed lover. One evening at mess, when ho had been drinking, he gave an infamous description of his inamorata, with whom ho had quarelled. 1 did not know the woman, but the thing enraged mo. I told tho prince my opinion of him. That was all." Sho drew a lung breath. "Can you pardon mc I I was hurt at you refusing t? defend mc. And so the" tiling blew over (" His lips formed tho word "Yes." " And you forgive mo ?" "For what?' , " I was afraid 1 had wounded you," she said, almost shyly. Ho made no answer, only took tho letter, and &i;?d: " 1 am to road this ?" " If you please." It mil as follows : "My dearly uei.oved Elsa: Will you, indeed, take this step ? Tliink that he is an old man, and you aro still almost ji child. True, ho unco did mo a great service, .md spared mc a deep sorrow, but was he not my old friend and companion in arms ? Now that he is sick and alono he needs care, you say, and you will pay my moral'debt and fetter your young life ton sick old man. Don't do it Elsa, I implore you. Arcon is no longer rich, and wo arc wealthy once more. We will make him one of ourselves, and tcaeh him to forgot his pride, but not through your self-sacri fice. There is still time to say no, Elsa. Say it!" "1 was an overstrung, eccentric girl," said Elsa, as he finished, " but I have novel- regretted my step. I gavo my benefactor a happy old age. Tho world judges only by appearances, and yesterday a wicked man said wicked things of mc to my face, without naming names. But how often will ho name that at mess and in gossiping visits ? So all I ask is that a friend who is not a lover shall say with authority, ' It is not true.' Will you say that >." ? '' What do you require of mc, countess!" ho claimed. " If you only knew !" " What Ao I require !" she cried, in a stifled voice. " Is it .so much ? Am 1 not worth eren a word ?" " Y?s," he groaned. " You must not speak so. You are tearing my heart out. Pardon mc for leaving you, countess—l am ill. You shall learn whether I can bo your friend or undertake this mission, but not now." His words rang in her ears, but ho waa gone. ?* ?*?*,?* * * Lieutexax-j. , Sseuk'fem) to the Countess' A upon , . "Madame la Coutesse : I do not know what I am to say to you in this letter. 1 only,know that 1 must toll you all that struggles in mo. You will take those words for what they are, the cry of a heart that would give tho last drop of its bWd to spare you a sad moment, to win a smile from.you, to linger for an hour by your side. 1 am young, my heart is full to overflowing, and I shall nover sco you again. From tho moment that you read these lines I shall havo vanished from tho world for you. Do not bo angry that 1 dared not accept tho honor of being your brother. My. unhappy fate forbids mc to livu with life, to count upon to morrow. Y,\it one thing ifc does not for bid—the 'courage and tho power to toll you that I love you with tho first, holiest, and oli, indeed, tho last.lovo of my heart. I love you with every libra of my being, with every thought of-my soul, withovery pulso of my body tlmt in a fov momenta is to: : moulder in' the grave, whoro it has long been due. I love you unutterably. God bless you. Farewcil forever. S." A starless night hung o\cr (he Lancut ' estates, oppressive, damp daikncss, through which a woman knocked at tho lonelyfarm-house where LicutenantSturn feld lived. The door was opened by tho man himself, with a light lit hi-, hand. Sho entered; her old servant, John Driin, ' stood on the steps outside. Tlie dmntoss Elsa Arcon pushed back the hood of her waterproof and said, as she stood within the threshold : "Lieutenant Stern/eld, you aro a wicked man." .. ? Ho plaecd his light oh the window-sill with trembling fingers, only baling : "You here, countess?" and then feloud with folded hands beforo her, as if she were a saint.' But sho looked at him with breath less anger, "You fcewrifiod mo to dcith by your letter. Heaven be praised, you aro here." *' Yon were alarmed about mo ?" "Yes she answered, honestly, though the glance she gave him was indcs-evibablo in its reproach and pride ; " now it is over. I was alarmed about a .-human being m deep diettcse. I was stupid enough for that. No one ever cared for my grief." He caught her hand and held her from going. "Eleg., tlo not leave me !" He cried. I that I was wretched, and you"— " I ouly wislicd to tell yon to bo bravo," she struck in. " You have a wifo you do not love, or you aro in lovo ?with sumo one you cannot marry, and you whimper like a child. Is that manly ?" : "Love anyone but you? I can boar it no longer in this Inst hour when I " must return to the grave in which I havo been lying for a year. Elsa, I dared not take or return love, beeame—T am a dead man , ." ? She took a sndden step backwards and stared at liim as if lie was mad. ''.Yes, "-ho continued, liitti his eyes fixed despairingly ouher face; "Have you never felt it ? Listen. I am only a ghost; to.moarow's sun must not see me on earth. Do you think I am mad ? LMen. My paronts were poor; I was always lonely and ambitious, and I would not dissipate my youth as other men do in my profession, I told you of my quarrel with Prince Ttsko. A duel natu rally followed, but our colonel interfered and it was stopped, at least apparently ; not really, however. As we could not fight openly, wo arranged a secret duel. ? Wo drew lots in the presonco of two witnesses, Dobski and Linski. Tho one on whom the lot fell was'to by his own : hand before-the end of a year. It fell on mo, and to-morrow is n>v last day. Why should I not have died beforo? I could take care of my mother so much tho longer; and I lived so lit.v'v always work ing for my fortune. So 1 have lived my year, but how ! Day by d iy, hour by hour, death crept towards mo. I dared bind myself to no ono. I must stamp out all longing for life and l*n c. Then you came into my life, and I loved you." I saw heaven, and dared not -.'loteli out my hand toward it; I saw the highest blessing oflifeheldout to me,aud had to dash it from' my thirsting lips. I must di<> -and you stand before me the image of tho beauty, glory, and blessedness of life, hopelessly lost to mo." His eyes closed, and he fell Full length before her, catching a fold of her dress in his fall. Slip, sank beside him, toiik him in her arms, and begged him, a,-, if besido herself to say it was not Uuo ; bhe cried that she loved him, and how av.is lfc pos sible for him to die when thev could ba happy I "It is'well I took tho poison beforo you camo,"he said, at last; "now I should not have the courage." His eyes did not close but rested on her face with an expression of unspeak able love. .She saw the end i\<is near, and neither spoke nor nunod. Her lips received his last breath. Tho whole corps was at fir-it horrified at the "legitimate"'suicide <>f abra\ecom rade, who an hour before his death had written to the colonel sotting forth tho Reason, but they all declared he could not have done otherwise. The Countoes Elsa Arcon withdrew with her poor aunt to aoine quiet Italian baths. Tho great world thought tho countess was acting nobly in tending her poor imbecile relative. They did not know it , was the relative who wn-s nursing a dying woman. For when the Spring came Elsa went out of life as a flame goee out. A maladie de kmgua', said the physicians. ?? She was buried in tho sweet Italian convent which she had endowed with her fortune, and in'which Aunt Mona lingered out her last days, without a word, and without a smile. 