(tiiilthms Column. WAS HE A HERO? Many a time Frank Clifton had looked np to the beautiful outline of Mount Diablo, standing oat against the distant sky, with the natural longing to climb its rugged heights and gaze upon the wonderful panorama to be seen from the summit. His father had pro mised to take the whole family there some day, but ' some day' is usually long in nuniniT nnd an it had nroved in this instance. Great then was Frank's delight when he was invited by his teacher, Mr. Kaylor, to accom pany him on an excursion to the mountain, along with the other members of bis class. They were to be gone two days, and camping out would see tbe sun set and rise, and, best of all, Mr Naylor meant to take his rifle and trv to get a shot at a deer. Never were six boys in a wilder state of excitement, though it was the private belief of Frank's family, that the other five combined could scarcely equal their boy in his exuberant delight, There was nothing else thought of or spoken about ; it was the mountain, the mountain, from morning to night, and every book in the bouse were ransacked which could throw a ray of light on the history or geography of Contra Costa country, that the young moun taineer might not be ignorant on any point. It had been settled that Mr. Naylor should go first to Martinez to make all necessary arrangements, the boys we-*e to join him there, where he would have a conveyance in readiness on the arrival of their train. Each member of the party was to carry his own blanket, and to contribute to the general stock of provisions. Mothers have a fashion of interesting them selves intensely in the pleasures of their children, and Mrs. Clifton had never taken greater pains than in preparing tfaecontenta of Frank's lunch basket. Frank Mnw|f looked on with sparkling eyes. ' How good you ore !' he exclaimed at last, giving her a regular bear's hng. ' I don't believe there's another fellow in the world has got a mother like yon.' ' I wonder what yon would do if anything happened to keep you at home, Frank V said his eldest sister teasmgiy. ' Do !' exclaimed the boy, ' if 8 the rest of you would have something to do; either to jury me or to send me to Napa.' ** Frank,' said his mother, shaking her head, ' don't be foolish. I should be as sorry as yon if yon should have ench a disappoint ment * but it would not cost either of ns our life or our reason, I hope.' 11 Well, I dont want to have it tried,' said Frank, as he turned away. The next morning broke bright and bean the wide horizon, and Frank was ready to set out in good season. His own home was about a aule distant from tbe village where the other boys lived, and he was to meet them at the station. By taking a short cut through the fields and along the railroad, he could shorten the ^isfrftnog somewhat, and as it was not convenient for his father to drive him over, he went in that way. Passing tie house of their nearest neigh bour — a lady who had lately lost her husband —he saw her little daughter standing at the garden gate. ' Where's 'oo goin' T she asked, for Frank and she were great friends. ' Away up there to the top of the moun tain,*' said Frank, as he pointed to Mcnnt Diablo. ' Oh, let me go wifV,' said little Margie entreatixigry. ' Not this time, Margie,' said Frank. ' Wait till you're a great big girL and then m take you.' ' I wants to go now,' said Margie, begin ning to cry ; bnt Frank, thinking her tears would not last long, said, ' Fm sorry, Margie but I can't take yon now. Run in and ask your mother if you can go when yon are big enough.' Then he walked on. Why did he not look back? Many tunes afterwards he asked himself that question, bnt new he was only intent on what lay before him. He soon reached the railroad ; it was safe enough walk ing on the track at that hour, for there was no train due before the one he was to meet at the station ; there was plenty of time, and be did not hurry. Two of the boys were before tiim, and the other three soon joined them ; but as the last one made Me appearance, tbe others raised a shout, ' Tom, where's your lunch -basket ?' Poor Tom ! He was one of those boys who are always late, always forgetful, and bis blank look was too much for the rest of the party, who burst out laughing. '* I forgot my watch,' he said, *' and when I went back for it I put my basket down under a bush, and now — what am I to do 7' ** You can't go back,' said Frank ; ' the train is due in ten minutes. But never mind — von cah ffo shares with me. I've pot enanp] for — why, Margie !' With one bound Frank sprang of the plat form, and caught up a little figure toiling painfully along the track. ' Margie what are you doing here? Where did you come from V ** I'se coin* wif*oo to the mountain,' said Margie, nodding her small head. ' But yoo can't go with me,' said Frank, in despair. ' Where is your mother ?™ ' She's home. I runned away. Fse goin' wifoo'— ' Fellows,' exclaimed Frank, ** what on earth am I to do with her ? She lives close to our home, and she's followed me all the ' Seed her back the way she came,' said one. ' Leave her here till some one comes for her,' said another. ' Take her along,' suggested a third. He could not fiend her back, the poor little creature, at the risk of her life, neither could he leave ber there with no one to take care of her. A mist came over his eyes, and hi« heart beat wildly with a feeling of suffoca tion, as he heard in the distance the whistle of the approaching train ; but his mind was ' Boys,' he Baid, ' if anything happened to that child her mother would go out of her senses. I most take her home.' 11 And give up the trip?' There was a general howl from all the party. ' Yes,' said Frank. ' Tell Mr. Naylor I couldn't help it. Here Tom, take my basket. I'm glad mother's Lunch wont go to waste. Good-by. Have a fine time.1* He was glad of the hurry and bustle, Riving him no time to think, but as the team moved off. and the boys shouted and waved their handkerchiefs out of the windows, do you blame him for feeling cruelly disapointen? ' Now, little Margie,' he said to the child, whose hand he had held all the time, *' I must take you borne,' Something in the tone of his voice made Margie understand that she had been naughty. ' Tse sorry, Frank,' she said with a sob, ' but I did want to go wif oo.' ' Never mind,' said Frank, ' well go another time ;' and taking ber np he carried her, for she was too tired to walk. The hired girl came running to meet him as he drew near the house. ' Oh, Mister Frank, wherever did ye find the child ? It's oat of me senses I am with the fright.1* 'You'd better look after her another time,' miA Frank. ' I found her at the station.' Nora lifted her hands and eyes in horror. w What would the mother say? She's sick in bed, and I never told ber the child ^IWttell her now,' said Frank. 'Good- by, Margie, don't run away again.' He dreaded the meeting at home, bat when he went in the back-way and opened the kitchen door, his mo*hw was alone. ** Frank 1' ehe started with surprise and ' Don't be afraid, mother, its not my ghost,' and in a few words he told her all. Those two days were pretty hard to bear : indeed, Frank did not know how he could have got through them without his mother's help; but she managed to save him from being pitied, while at the same time he felt that every one in the house shared his dis appointment. And when the excursionists returned he was at the station to meet them, eager to here all their news. What was it that was taken out of tbe train and laid on the platform ? A bean *it^\ J~*- ~t{4-V- hniiAklnii -»««?.* 1h«*.LJa nnwJfiwh delight was as great u tint o! the boys who had been witnesses of Mr. Naylor'* exploit. *' I will be over this evening, Frank, to tell yon all our adventures,' said the teacher, taking the boy's hand with a kindly pres Bure. And he kept his word. ** We all missed yon,' he said privately to Frank in tiie course of the evening, but the reason for your absence was one that made me proud of my scholar.' A month later there was a surprise party at Frank's home— a real surprise party, for rang, and Mr. Naylor and the five boys who bad gone np the monntain were ushered in. They brought with them a mysterious box, which was opened and found to contain the antlers of a deer, mounted and ready for putting up over the door. -? When I shot tbe deer,' said Mr. Naylor, '- I decided that the antlers should be the property of that member of our party who had shown most unselfishness and tbe greatest desire to minister to the happiness of others. When I asked the other boys to help me to decide who should have this memorial of our excursion, they answered with one voice, * Frank Clifton,' and I *hinfc there is no doubt tiiey decided right. There ia a very pretty little poem ol Ctlia Tbax ter's, which yon may have ready whose closing verse you. will find engraved on the little silver plate attached to the memento. The words are these : — Thatwu noble, Roger, that vasglorimis, Thus to help the weak Better fo*n to set your fl*r victorious On euthfe highest peak. Great ^applause followed Mr. Naylor'a speech, and afterwards there was a plpam^irt evening, with songs and games and a famous supper, of which Tom's share bad not been forgotten. ' Bat, mother' said Frank, when the com pany had left, ' it seems like timlrjp|r a great fuss about nothing, after all, for what else could I have done f' And his mother Bm3ed a happy, satis fied emile, as ehe answered, ' Dear, tbe noblest deeds which have won the highest praise have been pennormed by men who were fchinlritig only of doing the duty which lay before them, as my boy did -when be gave uy bis own pleasure to bring little Margie home.'— Euml Press. Woes they indulge in a ' vendetta ' in Florida, they make it sweeping. The tele graph tells of the Weat-Langford afiair. There was bad feeling between the parties, but they met peacefully and settled every thing harmoniously. Then they all went to church one Sunday as usual. At noon a pistol -eiiot suddenly rang out.' The Wests and LAngfords, who were teaching in Sun day- school, as suddenly adjourned their classes, dropped their Bibles, and rushed for the door, drawing their weapons as they went. Two or three others we outside. All six became engaged. Forty shots were fired — net resalfc : One West and two Langforda killed; two Wests cut all to pieces with knives, so that they may not live ; and one Langfo-d, bullet through bead, and ditto ditto. Them are {ears of more serious encounters. The farming interests of Florida may not suffer, for live labourers are plenty ; but who— who wfll teach the Sunday-eohoolt 