COMMUNICATED. [Correspondents who are good enough to forward newspapers containing theatrical items will much oblige by marking those passages to which they desire to direct atten tion, and when cuttings are enclosed, it is desirable they should have attached to them the name of the paper from which they are taken, and the date.] At the next, the 100th concert of the Metro politan Liedertafel (on the 3rd prox.)the pro gramme will include "La Damnation de Faust" of Berlioz, the principal parts being sang by Messra Beaumont, Berg in, and Angus, and the part-songs, " Image of the Rose," " Evenings Twilight," " The Retreat," "The Wanderer," and "The Blue Danube" waltz. On Monday evening the Hotham Dramatic Club played "The Octoroon" for the benefit of Mrs. G. Booth, who was recently left a widow. Mr. Dampier opened in Geelong on Monday night with " Hamlet" The cast of the prin cipal parts was as followsHamlet, Mr. Dampier; Polonius, Mr. Marsh; Laertes, Mr. Holloway ; King, Mr. Stoneham ; Queen, lira. Holloway ; Ghost, Mr. Edmund Hollo waj; Ophelia, Miss Russell; First Grave fligpr, Mr. Lcston. On the following night ^Tuesday) " The Black Flag" was played. In Sydney "The Silver King," maintains a continuous attraction at the Theatre floyal; " Fedora" has been revived at the Opera-house, and "Fun on the Bristol," with & mnch modified company, still holds a good place at the Gaiety. The Federal Minstrels remain at the Academy. Miss Jeffreys Lewis's benefit on Saturday at the Theatre Royal was & genuine success, both as to the performance and the results. The Attendance was large, and the programme, varied and interesting, was carried into effect by members of the Owl Club, the "Fun on the Bristol" Com pany, Signor and Signora Majeroni, the Fede ral Minstrels, and many members of the companies performing at the Theatre Royal and the Gaiety Theatre. It comprised farces, comediettas, songs and dances, recitations, vocal isms, and the trial scene from the Merchant of Venice." Miss Lewis recited The Bridge of Sighs," and at its conclusion expressed her gratitude to the audience for their patronage, and to the various per formers for uniting to pay her so great a compliment; Dunninw's opera company have recently wen in the inland districts of New South Wales, as have also the Clara Stephenson company. The Genevieve Ward company have con cluded their Brisbane seaBon, and are on their way to Sydney* Mr. G rattan Riggs, with an effective com pany. has been recently in Rockhampton, where also WAS lately Mr. T. Buckley with the entertainment known as the " Hibernicon." In Adelaide, at the Theatre Royal, they are playing miscellaneously to unremunerative houses. Mr. Rickatda and his company re .town at the Academy. ' The theatrical atmosphere in Hobart at pre sent is cloudy. Napier (N.2.) at late dates the Leitch j M Mahon company were playing, with considerable success, V The Librarian," other wise The Private Secretary." a good many minor entertainments are wandering about in New Zealand. The.friends of Mr. Edward Farley, who is £#* *a_*n.dia, regret to near that "e ia Buffering from a serious impairment of1 