TIIE MINISTERIAL RECORD. One of tlio most rcmavksiblo series of blumlers recorileil in our political history emleil with the collapse of tho Dimis Ministry yesterday afternoon. From ins coming in to lits going out or olliee Mr. Drmis has maintained a most un enviable consisteney in doing everything exactly in the way it should not havo been doiie'. ' The sum and substance of his attempt to carry on tho government, has amounted to no more from iirst to last than a continuous conilict between his own inexplicable obstinacy nud. the constitutional will of tho people. Thero could ho but one possible end to such ft struggle, nud that end lias at length happily arrived. The events of Tuesday night evidently dis illusionised Mr. Diuns, and to the logic of accomplished fact, his obstinacy was eventually compelled to bow, When tho House mot yesterday, without a strugglo (ho Government gave up tlio ghost. From tho very Iirst tliey never seriously attempted to defend their linniicial pro posals. The Opposition attacks wore only met by a piteous pleading for time. Such a humiliating spectacle as that of a Ministry stonewalling against their own policy is happily a rarity in the annals of constitutional govci-nnionl, and it is to he hoped that M r. Ul ens has given us the last as well as the Iirst instance of it that will ever he witnessed in this colony. The Giovcniiiiont came down and asked tho House for Supply on Friday. On Tuesday tho House was ready to come to a vote, hut tho Govern ment outraged all constitutional laws and usages by persistently blocking their own business and by sheer force preventing the House as long impossible from dealing with their own proposals. And l'or what object Not with any possible hope of inducing the House to accept them.. If there was any chance of that, thu jGovoriimoiit betrayed tho House by , the cuiirso taken last night. If there was no chance of it, they -deliberately ilouleil the country by preventing its representa tives from proceeding to deal with tlio iinanees on tlm night before. ' Mr. Dniiis' whole career as 'n Prime Minister has linen one of constitutional usurpation, lie has spent a little over two months in attempting to hold olliee in the teeth of the country. Time was when a laeavy reckoning would have followed these two unparalleled mouths. Mr. Dimis has trilled with this country in a manner which is quito novel to our political experience, ami utterly uncalculated l'or in tho pro visions of our Constitution. 'When ho met tlio last session of the last Parlia ment in his qj capacity as Colonial Treasurer ho must huvo been awaro of tlio serious deficiency iu tho publiu finances. No hint of a missing million, however, escaped his lips. Parliament dissolved, anil a, succession of Ministerial changes passed before the count ry like the scenes of apolitical phantasmagoria. Thu Stuaut Government, again.st which the country hud preferred a heavy constitu tional indictment, failed to face tlio tribunal of public opinion, and during tho prorogation of Parliament its princi pal members " folded their tents liko tlio Arabs and as silently stole away." M r. Duni.s then nppciirod at tho lioud of a now Government, botched up froni thu old uiatoriul, supplemented by Messrs. Want, Baduuiiv and Sir Patrick iJexmkos. The old material, although differently placed, involved tho old con stitutional taint, ami caused the now Ministry to sulfcr decimation in its very lirstappeal to thu electors. In tlio general rout Mr, Faunui/i, escaped to the Upper House, and Ai r. Duma secured an opening atthoMurrumbidgoe.lmtMossrs.AViticiiiT and Uadiuhiy worn reported, missing. All this time Mr. Duma was studiously deceiving tho country as to the condition of its finances. Ho talked about Health Bills, Noxious Trades Bills, Prickly Pour Eradication, Norllli Slioro Bridges and Tumberumba Railways, but stolidly re fused to let' tho coiantry liavo any voico in tlio important financial crisis of which it was then on , tbjo eve. Tho colony's credit was approaching tlio severest ordeal that it lias over been obliged to face,, but ho compelled it tp elect tho now Par liament in utter ignotranco of thostartling propositions with which tho House would be immcdilitely required to deal. Meanwhile, in open dcfiiuico of tho warning voico of the bal lot-box loudly calling for his re signation, Air. Dimis comuioncod to repair tho havoc which tho elections brought upon his Ministry, nud in tho next sce'no of tho political kaloidoscopo wo wore, to our considerable astonish ment, presented, with tho Hon. Thomas Slattkhv, tho Hon. Gkorok Thoiix- tox and tlio . Hon. W. J. Lyxu. "While all this was going on, the country, could' do nothing but pro test. Mr. Dnius was temporarily master of the situation, and on November 17 lie met tho newly-elected Parliament with as much sangfroid as if ho hod already received his credentials from a majority of tho people's representa tives. Sir Henry Parkes indignantly re quired to know who were tho strange Government which the House saw before it. Tho House however, de clined to go into that question, but in tho plninost manner possible repeated tho . demand of the country for the strange Government to resign. They refused to resign. After continued pressure and an intimation that 110 busi ness would bo entertained until the House was made aware of. the stale of tlio finances, Air. Dimis found himsclfat last compelled to let out the secret of tlio missing million. I11 the airiest manner possible he informed the House that the Treasury was something ovor a million sterling to tho had with its accounts, which amount he proposed to cover for the time being by bills, and leave Hie rest, to Providence. The House very properly declined to waste any time in discussing this stale of things, hut having expressed its most emphatic condemnation of the Premier's proposal, asked for a division without further delny. The crowning act of the Government was to then throw their proposals to the winds and simply suck to prolong tlioirunconstitutioiiaUivos by preventing a division. AVlien this could 110 longer bo dono they made a martyrliko pretence of giving up tho ghost and submitting to tho will of the llouso. Wo question if tho whole political history of Australia can furnish any parallel to this extraordinary record. Tho shame of its uniqueness belongs exclusively to New South Wales. The duration of this peculiar interregnum being now over, however, all that re mains for ran" public men to do is to repair its consequences and profit by its lessons. Ono thing it undeniably de monstrates, that the Constitution is supreme and tlio most desperate attempts of the most desperate men to over ride it can only load to their own speedy humiliation and defeat. 