OUR PARIS LETTER. (From our own Correspondent.) Paris, September 12. Politics are a* essential for a Spaniard, as his siesta and his )cigardld. if his heart bo boweddowu %care, woe or love, speak-to hitn on. pol iticsaud the blood will, at once mantle over his dejected- features, while his tongue, thus put in motion, can not be stilled.: Liketbe^people of Athens, .Spaniards were created1 for street discus sions; At first the boiiingvover of Spanish patriotism on the question of the Caroline islands, puzzled * it was so unsubstantial, and G>o*tuauy had-so imich tb say on her side. ' Changes, however,, march as quickly as events iii the Peninsula; where catas tropbies are sudden, denouiuetaB unex pected and results as uncertain as military strategy. As for seriously coping with the Tueton, no cool looker on' accepted tliat decision. it now seeins the incident of the Caro iines and tbe Germans bad been seized as the opportunity to overturn the- Govern ment. Bat serious patriots soon perceiv ed the play was not worth the candle, especially since France decided' to keep aloof, auil not agdn put herself h.-itwe -n the haimkier and the suivil, as in 1850. Thus Castelar's solidarity of thd Lntiu trace resolves itself into sharply Linking after number oue- The. best of charities is that which begins at ; hotue. Ask that other Latin sister—the real one—Italy; what, st war for an idea costs; The fact that Spain could ormay set Are to Europe as she did in times gone by, with all the eagles looking at her frouv Krenisier, is a blow to Bismarck's sagacity,. The charm of his being able to dictate to nations ia broken. ■ ■ Peoples after all are the real sovereigiisand must be counted with. . M. Reuard continues his mobt interest ing extmiiiatipu of the iuflucnce of Eng land on Fi^ncV- If the latter had only writers of that gentleman's honesty, pluck ;aud hnparaality, what^a; blessing that would be to this country, by eradicating its national vanity, which Voltaire so banefnlly sowed and cil^'iyated- It is not exactly new to state tha.t Englatid is the first industrial power iiu the world ; but it is hew and displays no i^mall courage on the part of Mi Reuard, jfco, print what all his countrymen inwardlyjtuow.. It is this, Superiority which secures her immense colonial empire, her merchant, marine and her manufactories. ' Sbe/is a gigantic Workshop, and France hasij^lperiencedand benefited by "the rebound:^ 1 Francs, owjing to thepu huitesshnal divi sion of property, the, consequence of the abolition of the lay of pfjmggepitnre, can never imitate England <-iu. .agricultural operations where farmers ar,e half manu facturers, "half chemists,.-with an anny of laborers and galleries of michinerv. En-/ land constructed the first railways in France, built gas works and "erected vari ous mills. With all these adjuncts fur Creating wealth, and the prosperity they engendered, came misery, short work and strikes. And while in France Socialism is theoretic and dogmatic,. in England it is mure practical and liberal because co operative societies and trade unions are unfettered by governmental interference. Joseph do Maistre said England and France: were two magnets1 attracting strongly, touching for an iustantand theh.; flying away with equal energy. The thunder groans now and then on each side, hot n-j bolt falls. Before 17$9 the relations between the two countries were becoming Teiry cordial, the entente Was at its heigth under Louis Philippe wlro per sonified the English revolution of 1688. Montesquieu, Mirabeau and (Jufeotdesiretl to endow France with a constitutional go vernment after 'a model of s% that classic koine of liberty"—to employ JVfirabean's words of England. But in the trans planting the English institutions were not accompanied by their roots, by the mahher^iid' cusfeims of. the people Winch <eU8ued vitality, for example p irliauienrat-y government. England has guide 1 France towards praAica! liotOrty,..beeaiuic'slKf has ■eiperiinenteI with them," alL;.. She has indicated 'toJierto.aiopt the sloW prt/cess of evolution to ire volution, to. -eschew the anarchy which suppresses all authority n .d the despotism which suppresses al liberty. " / It is in the matter pf journalism that France is refractory io amelioration. As a rule the writers want education, serious ness and the courage to tell readers dis agreeable truths; A'Frenchman, writes as he speaks, and if he be sure be is on the side of the crowd, he will howl with the Solves.; When popular education changes popular.mapners, Frenchmen will see them selves somewhat inbre as others see them. Some journals dbsire more, facts. than appreciations, to be well-informed rather than tof be well , written to; give • less counsel and; more'news.:' The feuffleton that hot bed section of the journals generally occupied by ineptitudes, silliness and prurient romances is being elbowed aside for healthter matter. Swift observed an Englishman is a political animal., He is a training Monsieur to be the same who js a sociable animal hot a public speaker, " who shines by his jconvorsation in- a salon, or gets up au elegant premeditated speech for an academy, he is drifting into im promptu public speaking he has arrived to he able to reply to a " toast," soon he will be ahle to faee ah unpacked open air meeting with all its. joys—and sorrows. Oratoricalicoll'ssions will develop tolera tion and chivalrous respect for oppoueats. There is a magical virtue in, giyipg office, entrusting with responsibility, ideal or advanced politicians. . :Look at. their effect on Gambetta. Jules, Ferry, and Henri Btissoh. When in opposition they bad a thirst for reforms ; r,when" in office they have fear to realise them. It is per ceived tbat Eaglahd whicn they so fre quently quote advances by no bounds; she hais no vast plans; she- has partial re forms effected each in its turn; no hasty cpuetructipns, no rash demolitions, but modifications slow and as insensible as nature's changes; She accepts no novel ties springing from nothing, bnd return ing thereto with magical rapidityj because in England*ideas, change before facts, manners before laws, and things before words. Its: an active time with printers and bill-stickers and:seconds, for as usual harmless duels, the conseqnenee of the general .elections. The country is one vast tatkee talkee, where eaclr politician puffs himself out as a /great I am.' pro pounding endless clap trap and professing 'to hold the keys of all political .creeds and enigmas.Could Gambetta, arise -" .like Samuel from hia grave," he would be as tounded at the: class of persons who,pro cess to. speak in his. name. Since-, the royalists and Bonapartists intend to put up their horses.in tlie same stable till the elections be over, that coalition may have a serious result for the republic, if re publicans continue to. remain obstinately disunited, not exactly ; so much on ques-, tions, a3 the expediency of carrying them. They .are not . the urban, biit the'quiet, rural voters that will pronounce between Messrs. JB erry and' Brissou, Glemenceau, aud Rochefort'& Go. , and the uuited mon archists.: ■ The : eccentric- candidates make hay while the sun shines; M. Bertron comes forward as.usual to represent humanity, _and in the mean time has invited Queen Victoria- to come and dine with him. Another philanthropist at largo,, claims the '■ snffrages-of all the fools"; he. 'ought to have an'-overwhelniing inajority,. as Carlyle sa3^ttflaost men are fools. Mademoiselle Ba^faerousse is ohe of the .fourteen lady • candidates ; at one of the meetings where she-was sfumpiing, an nh gallant voter recommended-her to become a di-y nnrsa ©r join the Salvation Army ; .she descended from- the rostrum, punched the . interrupter's headi gslye -him a kiefe somewhere albdat the hack pockets of his frock-coat, and requested dike the French King, " Leti those who love me, follow ■ -It has been very^ difficult to find any thing respecting M;';SeUkovieh, that Rus sian in the employment of the English expedition in Egypt, and who testifies he *ssw Olivier Pain executed, but " with my mi nd's eye, Horatio." That was evidence as good as holy writ for Rnchefort. Goetzel-Selikovitch's mother is Prussian, his father isa?Russian; living at Kharkoff, in Southern Russia,, and where the-son was born, and studied at the university of that town. They are" " Ebrew Jews." Like many Russians, Selikovich had a taste for languages ;, he came to Paris, w h ere: lie acted as unattached attach^ for the Russian Jimibassj. -lid gave lessons in Rnssian. Gerinau,: and' H-brew, .and was admitted- to the Ecole des Hautes ■ Etudes, after Sorbovme, and of which M. Wh(■Islington, the-JVench. Ambassador, at Loudon-, is ' one of the commissioners. Here Selikovitch studied Oriental lan guages-,.and-especially Egyptain hierogly phics. In time he became a grinder and executed iihguistiic jobs, in connection with Semitic manuscripts for Ren can arid Renier.- .'This led to his being teinp-irarily employed in the "EP.bliotheque Nationale division uf oriental manuscripts. He also acbed as Parisian correspondent for the Ha'matpd, published wholly in Hebrew, at Lyck. in Prussia, and of which Doctor Gordon is editor Selikovitch was elected in November, 1881, and unanimously, a free member of the L1 Athene Oriental Society, a small society limited to professors, theologians and philologists. He contributed to its transactions a few papers, one on the " identity of the school of the Talmud with the Ameut, or Sest of the Egyptians, -and corresponding to the Hades or Iuf-runs of. the ancients He considered both meant sepulch-e. a half-way house in "the other world, a kind of black Typhoiiian Siberian He also contributed an article on the '* Mystrcai Division of Time," with the Semites and -Egyptians, and-some thing on the " Last Will and Testament of Adam." The office" of the Oriental Atheud Society is 3 rue St. Dominique ; ladies are members. One is "a " Mile jumps"]" The only Egyptian is a M. Daniel Weil, of Alexandria. , The members must have Encyclopse lie miuds, and which may explain Selikovitch's Ruin , legend, perhaps mirage. What loads of learned lumber members must have in their heads ! They receive a diploma ; a competitive examina tion for the crystal button with Mandarins is xothing compared with these Athenians. The " humanities" comprise our fecundity, parturition and nursing ; the parasites in m an-wheth jr K* >ch's or Pasteur's; dan ci ng, drinking,, songs, love, war ; angels and devils of both sexes ; the souls of stars, meteors, ghosts and policemen; all about polygamy, divorce,' abduction, vengeance, eggs, butter, insects, circumcision, caput-, balisin, tobacco, toilets, akin diseases, etiquette, the age of the world and gluttony. The head affording.a refuge' to all that knowledge could easily draw on its inner couscionsness for a di'aina. I saw the play in a suburban fair this spring, Olivier Pain chkz le Mahrti. whera Pain com tinnded the attack on Khartoam, as the False Prophet's generalissimo. I witiieSsedji few. days ago at a theatre iu the fair of St. Cloud, the Ass tsvinatiori of. Olivier Pain. The* tragedy is more ! humorous than tiie jn dodraiua. Rochefort must have, touched it np, as the assassin his a strong resemblance to Ju: s Ferry. A very healthy agitation is being or ganised : that for Combating the preten tions ot operatic stars to duvour nearly all the receipts, and so ruin managers. The public is resolvedi to patronise fair iveragtt Mtfetes and let the themselves. Can they do without. tir public? :_ ., Vaneeslas ■ is a Polish king wfc« fib obliged to condemn Bib son to ;deatbj:fbr mnrder.. ' This with theCo ol -ferocity ambition, sh c ri fi e>sb< • thhisfi oiw and eaves bis .owii politicalreputation•andtSie.'Pe^ ;l'he victim. is. the an o their of the d? i tig's soriir-and both'^vabai for the hand: of -a duchess. • ; .-Ihfeeldhg abdicates... • eessor Ladislas his; son,. ■; tisr says— . ..:' , Be Idng Tia^i'slwt, andl feball: be ffi^Wiitber... -' 