CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. A nico cool morning. Monday as usual being an off day, there was nothing of great importance done on the track. In tlio absence of Batty, who has left for Sydney, his head man had Robin, Uinberto aud Astronomer all doing slow paco exercise on the inner circle. Mr. Davis had live down, viz., C'aiuerine, who has recovered from tho accident that befel hor last week, Dulcet, Meerschaum, Mauxman aud Too Too, all of whom look well, tho Cup mare especially. Mr. TV Jones had Vaverloy and Hlppogriff working in company. Tho former' has got. a . suspicious looking log. Tho hurdle racer. General Jackson, put iu some nice work on tho sand, fc'olo, Gold Top, Melo dious, Stag aud Louis all cautored. Bohemian and Primus got through quiet exorcise. Blink Bonny, who is beginning to look better, can tered four or five times round, striding home the last couple of furlongs. Others of the team wero doing walking exercise, Mr. Connolly's Lady Asliton, who looks well, Topsail and Priuco Regout were put through their usual serviceable work. Orlando and Mosrifuco can tered and spirted. Don Giovanni, Lord Chan cellor aud tho Maribyruong Nea Colt worked in company. Mr. Delaney's steeplechaser, Post boy, strode along for 3 or 4 miles at a good working pace. Master Pinotop was absent. Mn King's Vandcrbilt moved along nicely ; Union Jack has been treated to a spell. Mr. Beuco bad Velocipede, Chandos, Albanus aud Mabel Groycauteriug and spurting. Mr. Kelly's string, consisting of Laudo, Peeping Tom, Idle Boy, Defrauder, Freo Trado aud Clansman, all got through suitable work ; tho former only joined this team on Saturday. Mr. Leok's trio, Master John, Plympton and Grand Duchess, cantered on tho Baud, Messrs. Reid and Har per's teams being similarly treated ; the former had Graco Darling, Tho Ghost, Nuncio and Bonnio Bell, the latter Douglas and Pbcubo Walton. On Saturday tho following Cup horses wero put through strong exercise over a milo and a half on the grass, viz., Velocipede, Too Too, Hippogriff, who had Tho Bohemian for a companion ; Graco Darling, who worked in tho afternoon in company with Tho Ghost ; Mozart, in company with Highlaud Chiof and Blink Bonny, covering a milo iu much better style, finishing up strong. 