CONGLOMERATIONS. Our readers were invited to supply for publication " Conglomerations," in accordance with the followng conditions :—1. The poems may be on any subject, and in any measure. 2. The seleccted words to be used in any order—i.e., not necessarily in the same consecutive order in which they are arranged. S. At least as many selected words are to be used as bnehalf of the number of lines in the verses in which they are embodied. The selected words were Gate, Gentle, Ghost, Glitter, Grain, Grave. We publish the following this weefe:— Had I a grain of sense When gentle Madeline first entered through the</ate 1 should have met her with a heart, elate With-joy. Oh ! how intense Had then have been my happiness. But, I alas! Just like a sillylong-eared stubborn ass, Shrunk like a ghost away. Was-it the glitter of her fascinating eye ? Was it her radiant beauty 1 Why, oh why Did I so long delay ? Why treat her with such cruel, cold neglect that day? Why look so grave on one so blithe and gay ? YNOOPS. An ancient house, a verdant well-trimmed lawn, 'l was there I dwelt and slept at ease till dawn; No thought of ghost disturbed my rest. Till early glitter of bright rosy beams Axrd gentle zephyrs called me from my dreams Of fairy land and visions blest. The rustic gate, I seem to see it now; My father dear, with grave and thoughtful brow: Blight childhood's days and sports the best; When tripping lightly o er the smiling plain I viewed with childish joy the golden grain Till Sol sank softly in the west. B. S.S. One evening, when returning from a meeting rather late, I fancied I beheld a ghost below the garden gate. But gentle Jane came down the lane, and soon as she drew near, I, leaping to her side, exclaimed " a ghost a ghost, my dear!" " You silly man," she quick replied, " why do you thus behave; Oh what a sight, yon look as white as though you'd left the^mue. 'Tis not a ghost, 'tis but the post that bears the dial plate, And through the tree the stars you see all glitter on the slate." _ YARHA. One thousand children in Aberdeen have taken the measles as a sequel to Mr. Gladstone's visit. Of course they say it's all Lord Salisbury's rashness. Mistress—" I really cannot put up with your voracious appetite any longer, James. Why, even the beasts of the field know when they've had enough, but you never do." James—" Please, 'm, you never tried me 1" 