?CIOI'1S OF MELBOURNS. (11r TiE GHOST.) At last the) great desideratum of a general election has been found. Mr. flerry has stated the " cry" upon which the Ministry are prepared to dissolve, "if necessary," and go to the country. If the Government cannot succeed in passing their Licensing Bill in something ap proaching tlhe form in which it was first submitted, the electors of Victoria are to be asked to decide the question at issue between the publicans and sinners, on the one hand, and the "iinco guid" and teetotalers on the other. Both sides will be fairly on their mettle, and as a conse quence, if a fresh measure on this Licoen sing Act has to be brought before a new Parliament, the quarrel will be fought out with increased bitterness. The lengthy and angry correspondence which has been going on for upwards of a twelvemonth between Colonel Disney, the commandant of the Victorian Militia Forces, dnd Mr. Sargood, the Minister of Defence, is highly discreditable to both parties to the quarrel. It shows, as regards the military commandant, his entire igno rance of the first principles of responsible constitutional government, and as regards the political head of the department, the moan petty spirit of a " Jack-in-office," unacquainted with the requirements neces sary in conducting a correspondence with " an officer and a gentleman." A few more illustrations of defence of the Sargood type would effectually disorganise the military and naval forces of Victoria. Dressed in a little brief authority the amateur soft goods soldier has played such fantastic tricks that even to his best friend lie must appear in a rather ridiculous light. Nothing so amusing as the letter, in which Mr. Sargood informs Colonel Disney that in virtue of his political position, he is his "senior officer," has been seen since the day when Mr. Justice Higinbotham, at the time holding office as Attorney-General, claimed to be able to treat the judges of the Supreme Court as "officers of his department." One thing is made apparent from the letter placed on the table of the Assembly, on the motion of Mr. Bent. If Colonel Disney uses his sword as well as he does his pen, an opponent will find him hard to beat. The present incumbents of office are apparently desirous of earning for them selves the title of the Hanging Ministry. Despite the efforts made to obtain a miti gation of the death sentence on the three last unfortunates condemned to undergo the last dread penalty executed by man, the law has been "allowed to take its course." The most recent instance of the "firmnes" shoewn by the Government is theexecuti an on Thursday, at Ballarat, of the prisoner Bushby, sentenced for shoot ing at and wounding a detective policeman, who was endeavouring to arrest him with out a warrant. It is generally thought that as no fatal wound was inflicted, as the policeman was acting illegally, and as the prisoner had on more than one occagion been the inmate of a lunatic asylum, the petition, signed by nearly 30,000 persons, praying for a commutation of the sentence might with propriety have been acceded And apropos of hanging, the military "mutineers" are still in " suspense" as to the fate of their appeal. The question of the legality of the sentence passed upon the artillerymen has, after being brought before a Supreme Court Judge, remitted to the Banco Court, to be heard on the 17th inst. One or two more of these pro verbial "law's delays" and the question will have lost most of its interest for the persons primarily affected. While the Courts are settling the knotty point as to the legality of the sentence the prisoners will have served it in gaol. Henceforth there are to be no more Sun day entertainments in thoshape of lectures, freethought or otherwise. It has been ruled by the Full Court that Act 49, passed in the "good old days when George III. was king," is in full force in this colony, and that all offences against the act are punishable by fine and imprisonment. Even the insertion of advertisements call ing attention to the lectures in any news paper renders the publisher liableto be sent to prison. Newspaper men beware I Fiat jusliia ruat cwlum, is an adage which the authorities of the Federal Bank have apparently never heard of. On the Hotham bank robber, Seymour Luke Robinson, being brought before the Bench to answer the charge entered against him, the manager of the bank stated that " the bank did not desire to press the charge, as all the stolen money had been recovered." A fine sample this of "mercantile morality." The magistrates, however, could not be brought to see matters from the banking point of view, and accordingly committed the defaulting £80 per annum salaried official for trial at the ensuing Criminal Sessions, instead of dealing summarily with the culprit, as desired by his late munificent employers. Rumour lineas it-but then Dame Rumour is proverbially an unreliable jade-that some of the torpedoes laid in the channels leading to the anchorage in Hobson's Bay during the late " war scare" are " missing," and that at least three of these death deaingappliancos are stillsnuglyenssonced in their resting place " somewhere about Port Phillip Bay." The question asked in the Assembly by Mr. Gaunson no doubt had somue connection with the report, and the reply vouchsafed by the Chief Secretary is hardly of a kind calculated to allay snuiety. The honourable gentleman point blnuk refused to answer his querist. Now as the strayed warlike appliances are of the kind known as " contact mines," that" eulode on being touched by any passing ship, it will seriously detract from the pleasures of the marine excur sions indulged in from time to time by honourable members of the Legislature, when these gentlemen reflect that at any momentthey may be hurled into mid-air yone of the contrivance meant exclusively for Our RIussian friends. Until the assurance is gien that our legislators are not to be sent on an involuntary trip skywards dur ing one of their marine jousts, there should be no more trials of the sea-going qualities of the Cerberus or Nelson. Althoughe ane of our law-makers might with ad ,nagise to the colony be spared, w corld illlafford to) loss all our Lords and Coi nona at"one fell swoop." Unless ouri senior" military officer, Colonel Sargood, sees to itl he may develop intoa .Guy orBers of tire mnartime order, and achieve Tuheess wherM his prototype failed. the r. hlr e lDorwio's "experiences" romnuise to ho of a varied character. A srort tiue since he was "abased" by beng sorpolled to laugniish for a month within I' precincts of tire Melbourne Gaol, in 1afnlt of paying in fine inflicted upon him io infringing tIre Unlawful P'rocessions be. Now hre has very nearly been exalted" in a firashion more rapid than Iueasant. A charge of some explosive sub itocel-whether gunpowder or dynamite not yet known--was placed under the reverend gentleman's meeting-house in thaon- ctreot, Fitzroy, arind fired just after fr postr and' his adherents had retired on tlh building In his wildest moments Oferligious fervour, Mr. Dowie can surely cer have contemplated such a rapid sent to " thie realms above" as that from ehih he so narrowly escaped. oIhriRs DON'r KlCNow-IHow many .bildr"n are punished for being uncouth, rwilful, and indifferent to instructions or haardh simply because they are out of of??th! An intelligent lady said of a child houtli kind: ,, 51other don't know that sire ..hold give tihe little one moderato doses of tr ..ric.. Co.'s Hop Bitters for two or ieie veeIs and irthe child would be all a Pirrent could desure." 