[?] j DAN LYONS' DOOM, | By WAIF WAITDER. \ . CHAPTER IX.— (Cchtintjbd,) | 8 in Co 6boat two oploclt» os;Iar aa 1 can | learn t and einca thcn'.poor little Daniel has | beon to all their old liatmta in search olvhcr. & Bat, my dear madain, sbo mast bo loiwd. I y havo told, yoo. that eeorcs of ruon arc in search | ofher.M . j : | Bho.yaa gazing at him rwtt her lite- hung | on his worda Bho was weighing every ono of ? them oa thoogh to oatch soma hopopho ooold not feel, and then she barst into a torrent of pleading and reproof, andvprayero .that,sadly approached , u blasphemy, that would . have p Bhoohodhoreolf in calmer moments.' t t «.Xu are playing with mof .onlyrMr.,Pol- how'conla.yqa, suoh an ola frisndf ,a virtaea and reapcoted by my dead hnsbond, how could yom come to tell ma in earnest that my ohlld my all is lost ? How could sho be lost ?;GuardiW is with hor. Do youknowwhat lost meaupin Australia ?'It ,,L , lying dead in the bueb, with thboagto « H hawks piplung put her. oyes. How jdaro. you. I . hint suoh A tniiag to nio? i As if a God/ cpuld. daK.-to(.bt3 n6cxuel as to. troat my darling BOl"- J.--- ,.Evpn oa ehe.stopped, suddenly phodfopped ( to the ground 'aa one'i Btxichdn dead, . but oa , they haafc'ehcd.to rw.s0:'hw .it .;wae,'SOonl,evir,' dentj from the strong convulslona of hat nbp, fhnfc tho poor wpmpji wao in Assious ' for" Dr. Syme, Daniel," cried Mr. Pollard; 14 lot ua carry, hor. in to : her. own bed, Eilennow that tha'violenco of Uio fit'is exhauetedi" CHAPTER X TjU)r?b sucllet. - ' Wa iGtorn again to the hogget olaim, where, as tho evening shadoof deopencd , our - friend : ay waa proparin'g to leave the 'gully for tho, -: mght. _ Ho;had flhared' tlie capper or tho two r nowmeh, who werd'in.fataro to sleep on' the . claim, and tho - great iira thoy had,-. Built up ogamot. an oldvfallehf tree was' throwing Q.VULUU v» tuu iigut uuuiDv mu Biuvaui tho gully, opposito to it, and np'on tho crooked ' dead. . branches ; straggling vabovo |ti The -adows .woro doeponihg, too; aa vfixe , last ooamo;of light fadedfromtho WG2t,and strih ung- oontraatfly.were . < growing ;ont , in .queer .. dailr shapos behind tho glowing firn that warned Tody it was time to bo off. : ' a prayor balora yo turn in boys, his odvifled, :for ; oo the' powers "- it's " n- lonely plaoo»V;vA Aroyonafroid of ghosts Tady ?" eshbid -one of thoDoranH, > laughingly,- tabs, an'ofehef enp.of the otdg belore yon go, nhflfha ghoata. ; wont; trouble you on . the way "haok; Por my ,; oart, I've got u sis-chambered rovolver in my bolt, anci l liavo moro faith in tha oCfocls of that than X havein a waggoh-load'iof ' prayore." : V ; "8 '-r'i "No, Pvo hafl enoiigli of th'oilrink,' Tad; , returned, as ho palled up hia trowBoraprcp Ora tory to .what ho - himself would havo colled " taking: tho rood," "on if yon: bad twenty \- . revolvers ; a prayoi;w6nld bo bettor than 'em ... . all aa regards that epot." ' ! ' : " ; ' Ho pointed to tho murder olaim; as ha sold . ;. good; night and/tornea hla . book upon1 it gladly, and yqt with a duo reooUootion of ' the lonely way lio had to go before ho reached tho townohip.- Far had it -boon' from Tady'o fcU iUlt bUU UtUfLUUCU UUU U11U - OWUjr. from Marrapga, bat it badbooh a day of great ozoitcmont, and- poor .Tody had found tho yonng.Dorana'igrog so roonperating that it -had boon to him, in a certain eeneo, tho . Watera of oblivioh. ' Ho . would noi for filly . pouode have faced tho honr in that spot had it not beon for tho courago Inopired by tho " eupe " ha had imbibed, nndovon now ite otrcngth-r.fta dying ont, no lie tramped loudly to keep himeolf cpmpany tin', tho dooponing nhadov/ o! Murder Gaily. If it had not been for tho ono feet that ho . J7.".a eupcretitiouo, Tndy would have boon a „.PPj' — r' Perfectly happy man that night. Hie onahope, tho hops, "nay almost oeitdinty, whioh hod led, hnnbeolf from the Old Land over all thoso watery milea, was aceompliehed —tho claim was a golden ono.( and- now; that a now fooling, or "rather tho rovivifloittibn of on old onoaa "iovo," was an: almost normal oondision with Tady,; lied ariEon in tie heart tlia gold had: mado.liia darling- Nora" moro than a hopo with him, VAn' why uhonldn't Ifl'ho tolilinuised an \- ho began to think of tho girl, and half forgot liio ourronndinge, " I'm n rich man, and tho world is heforo mo ; why should thoy deny ; '.rue Nora ? Av qooree eho'n-bathcr-nor.nia all '-Out ; I don't deny that, anra ebo'n r, pricst'o inifithor, but I'm eober nnMionest, and'havo itho main thing," mid ho clapped Ilia pookot .eignificantly. , A few guidk ofaps onward, and ha ntopped . siiddonly. " lieifadi I don't . lieo why I shouldn't go .over ithiolminnlt and cab tki£cratbur; - euro aho doeen't know of mo luok yot, for it isn't ' Afthci'j,.t5llin,;.her-;I'd;bo-.itaclf afore Mr. iuoonard; I'aix I'll go— it ion't mhoh out of mo way at all." Thug.ilebhlndlhU'tatneT fo.thd loit Slit bi tho Gully inetiii'd of ke'.-aiiig to tliO right a? by tho crook. SI. Herrioko, aVit wae' 5unTa0??Iv' WB?,bni B' ehbrt halfimllo from , CJha 8««r. hat fa reaoh tho cottago Tgdy to eroaatho track that led ap to the come tony.. As ho. won oroasing ito long' howl, or rathor whiuo camo down tho hill to: hia earO' ttud ho ntorka to almost run, with' foouug of BuporoiiUouo - f ear re vived. i . ' - i. . .. ,"®1®ce?1|t®" for a plnoo,": ho muttered," twos over an' always a loneoomo road up thoro of a night ; hut einco that Meek day In- the Qnuy 'tin worno. 'Lord, hatnno ub An' nib harm, I wonder if it is ri dog at ng." - ; At , too obmo Bpot hoar thb foneo of Bl.' Herrick h, Xfhcto ho had first spoken to Nora- Nrady, "Tody.- panted 'to- ozamiuo -tho our- roundingB,. ana epeoulato on his ohahoa of seeing ;thfi girl ;on:-this ooeaelen;; In tho -shadow of tho,.,.ahfnbl|6iies it, .was, now to miarly dark that tho light 'in tho only room that would, appoor inhabited Bjicnvod Jllto a glora among tho''thi6k,;aark'"iTy"fhat- postod .tho wnU; this window: Was near on anglo of tho main buildihg. wherb aGidO wing abutted,' and. Tady knew. it. was .the window cf .ikatb-er Jamcs'.room... . . ; " It looka as if thojr.ara All in bed," thought' tho Irishman, as he beht.'ovbr tho fence end looked alb roundthb hoaao,".thoughiit'ecu:ly. .yet. .. -.That's tho pricot'e windy, an'. by all so-, counts ho . keeps - a ..light . bnrnin' < on -till mornin'ti I'd bo ivfcetd to.whistlc.he might hear me, and Nora-'d.get -into tronblo. aver mo-, Iwonthorwhatnido" , . As ha was, wondering, a shout jo hoosas, an strident, eo suggestive, of soma awful and un-- known horror rang , around . Mb oars that ha raised his hand! to .them its if to shot it ont ; his owes, howovor, turned toward tha lighted window, from which tha noiso.eaamcd to pro- pcad. Staring at.it ho saw. for a moment coat ontho curtain, tho . shadow of. a man who seemed to ha twisting and writhing about out of all human form, and tho heart of tho terri fied, man. seemed, to stop for v moment; In. ahsolnto fear.. ,:t . ' "In tho name oI heiven."-ha muttered. dropping ono hand to cross himself, '.'is it murder that/is goto, on on' I etandin1 hero, doin'.nothin'? If I thought 'twas that Ifva n strong pair av hands, bat what wonld-I do at oil if it ain ono of his tantrums ha Is, and ho to sea mo!" " . A moment's oilonce, as. tho shadow -end- denly disappeared from tha blind, gava Tsdy coumgo.to boundover tha fenca and beginto creep nearer to tho window. Ho would try and satisfy himself by listening nearer, or per- chonco-by seeing, il-ha liocL an opportunity, and then if ha oonld help ho would moko his presenca known, and assist tho priest if neces sary..- ' That was . tha doaieion - that mada Tady creep along by tho fence until ha had reached tho part of it that, was, only eeparnted from' tho wing oi tha cottage by, tho width of -a pathrray, : and then be darted . across and stopped again.to liston in tha shelter, of -tho. ivy-oiad honsa itself. ' Ho was now so oloso to tha window, itself that by sproading himself along tha wall lio could havo tauohod it;, bat. ho.. was afraid- to rastta tha -ivy in tha eilsnca whioh.ecemoi to him almost unnatural. ;He oonld, hear the boating of hia. own heart,: until -.'suddonly again a voioo apoke loud, flarea:wordsr.andho recognised.it ne.tho voico of FothbriJamee.; " I have yon on tha hip now, mina enemy, 'k wore . the opening .words ,of j triumph : np. parentiy, imtd thon, there was a ehriok of suoh .diaholioal : laughter , that - Tady ..trembled, "Xtere'ia a talisinan - that-wiU frighten lyoa ont of my, path for over 1.-- Hal il havoiold, many, a ho sincb I saw. yonrlivihg face ; if yon; -haven't botter eompany than me by.thistimb, and. samething , else ,to. do. iicsidea dmuntipg ,ihu lite, odrse yon I " A pauso. than. Bnd.a; 'gibbering ouch aa one may hear in tho.ooU of h;ihahia,o,':.and then a- fresh i Bjionji. and -a souffle aa if of half-ia-dozen men. ' Todyiwiw solely, afraid, bnt ho. woe alsoiy.ory.ourioaa, to sea what waa going cn in the hrieaVs. rooth : JBetides ho had , had vorions hintn.-.that her brother -was .queer, -from Nordrroj ciueonioss 'that tha air! attributed entirely to his temper, - bnt whion fflady began to., adspeet might :pro-;. srod from inSanity ; at all: events, :ha ventured; to.orawl, - little .by -little, nearer tho window, and to.at.last get big fdce.puehod through tho ivy 'sdeean quite oloso to it. : ; . . : .Thowindowwasdlow eottagoono, and an aooidont favored; Tady'a- oepialrrono. of - tho tasks .whioh, had diipported tho ; corner of :tho ;white blind had given - way, and the', corner, -had dropped, leaving tha space of a, hand- breadth of tho glass uncovered. .. This space iwas abova Tadyla eyos, -hot' bo soon raised them to its level by nlaolns: his foot in a nook of tho strong ivy-Btems, and - holding a -firm -grip of anothor nook nbovohim.' ; j ;; What- .wak it, :-thon, .that; tho.'poox fellow. ! isaw that had .eaoh a torriblo eflect on .many, ' awful weeko of hia innooont life?,:- What die- , eovory did ho mako.that drovq rest from his j pillow, flosh from, his bancs, -and peoaa from his mind for. a time, that be romemberdd with. 'droodondhotror during Oilhis.aitorlifa? - Ho caw in .tho .midaie .of tho room ho wao ' peeping into, a man whom ho oonld not im- , i mediately recognise as, hather, lames Brady. iThia-mM vrae undressed to, his.shbl and itroneors, and.had.tba sloovea of tho former -rolled up, ehqwing.his thin ; bare srmB, ; Tho: ; heed of this man 'was tonenred— Tady eaw -that-r-bnt.his faca. waa not tho foes oi'tha priest. ; - It couldn't bet tbat faco, distorted jwith' a iorriblo, flercepaesion,.-with oyea aglaro j with1, fear, and horror, with tho moisture -of I \- gbaetly - Buffering, falling: in groat drops from; hia haggard ohcoke, had no. rosemblanoa . to : that of -the white-Iascd priest, avon ns iia had hoen .daring, hia ottaok in tha - gnliy . n fow -honra provxonsly 1 , ' \- And yot it.wda a faca that seemed somehow, terribly familiar to Tady, yet ho ooaid not tell, how or-why. vSteringnt it in paazlcd bowil- derment that seemed still to fascinate, hiabha wAtohod tho: man'd .strasua movemento. and listenod to his.awfai words;-shonted-'alond;,Bfl if thoro, wcro no human cars to listen within wide miles, . ' . . - k . Who.waa- ho. talking to?.. Thoro, waano. Uving being , within tho room, yot ho sent- his wild jibes nt somo objebt ho-qlarod at, and ha waved something ho called hia " talisman " in tho imaginary faco of a foe." : Within a cirole of many feet thora wnsnotaround him a tan- ' gible objoat, yot at short infcrvnla hoceomcd to.grsep somothiDg in liio long thin nrrnn, end ctragglo with it, throwing cud writhing liia limbs as- it. .appeared around other, limbs, panting meanwhile with Cores, hot pants, un-' til ho stsggorcd ngaihat. tho -wall cshuuotea and faint, to.be revived whan bo-- regained strength to reaoh a battlo and glees; end pour a fiery, draught down his hot throat. -. It.was.'n. feariul sight, yot ono- that-.poor Tody's oyca clung to: in. nn awfql ourioelty.- What -likoncss wee it that haunted hira na ho wotohod .tlio man's faco?. , Whoso voleo did tho awful shouts, and anathemas of this man romind him of ? What, ngain and ogoin ho nsked himself, what ires tho object with which ho .Eoomed to . threaten, .hluunseen advprsary ea ha wavod it wildly to - . » Foiled ogain l '' he would shout, " the touch of f/ist ia bettor than any esorolsral I've tried rfiat -you know. Boll, book and oandlor-hal ha 1 ha I no dthcj would avail Anything in wj li&nds; » but I hnvo beaten yon you ktiov?, you cannot oro-3 f/iat beaten yon v;Ith yoot crfvn weapono too. Ha I Again a nctiaon of panting rest, i7un tha light of tho Ihinp full in his teqo, nnj tha lingcru arouhdvwhicb hia "wwman , waa turndd waa preasod hard Qgainat hi3 Io't only to Tinddonly Attack bio /enemy again until bgain oshausted; - : 44 Your curta, ia it? TMi aurjo'Ol St. HoViiok tiiidcr hidov/u irfbfl HAt hftl ba Maoh l oan for it. " Soo it every day ontil I idie, eh? Wolh vho .carcst I hid not afraid of itnoir»19 It ,tvft3 vhen ho ataggorod oncq znoro againet tho. wall gasping . and oomplotoly 1 worn ont that Tady saw pi last tho naftuto of hia talis- man— 16 .was a long tress df palo, fair hair, and thero wora clinging; dark spots upon it ; bnt it was1 not that which Imado Tady'a fingers, unloose their olo&p; upon tho ivy, and bis norvdess limbAbcnd boncath him ; ho bad recognised tho likeness in that tcrriblo faco, and shrank from it in an overwhelming honor. ; i" My God, havo mdnnr; opoa mo ! ' ho ciedy in his eztzemitj.ns-no ouabed over the. feneo and hastened from tho. owfol spot. 1 VWhafU Ivdo'?;. wHatlf ' I do at all.' ai all ?. ' What sin is on mo sowl that this secret is; to ho - upon mo like a lomp ov. lead that'll - dreg mo down into tho grave, bo it will?". e \ Forgottcn wasall poor Tady'o fanolsd love for <Nora at that enprctno momcnth forgotten au bis Ruporfltitiouaiears of tho lono darkness Bfoand him; > When ho hsd got so-.iar away froht St. Herrick's that hfl neod not dread phrsuit, should' the man he had boon 1 v?atoh- ing havD Overheard hia sudden fall and dc- parture. ho/ droppod down: on tho grass and ibjmcd hia honest : fooo in his . trembling, labor-rough hands. ; 0b, no, thero woa no thought of Hora- just tpen. '-Tho lonely -.sound 1 of tiio soughing nrrsEO among tho. rustling leaves was- un». noBid by him, and ho did. not.eeo tho moon- rjiy that crept up' hid kndes as tho moon ih her first qtuxtor seared this tops of tho treeain tho weafc. A bright streak it was, filtered through tho waving leaves, and restless ,liko thenv .Sometimes it' glauccd undor tho brim of his hat, and somctimea glinted past His bowed ofaotfiders, bat Tady. saw it not— ho . saw nothing, and thought of nothing bnt tho dread secret that ho ought to tell, ana that ho must kcopior tho sako ot many hundreds otaoula other than his own. ' 1 Ho murmured' his. thoughts occasionally ftOAi DQVlttmolv. '(Itrtflniifl ?n am nrrnnw that ho hafi - never folk in physical pain. , " Thoro in no 'ono but Mr. Leonard," ho muttered, " aud i daren't tdl him, fori know phat.ho wonld Say— but how -can I toll it, and ho a pricat ? No matter -what'o past and gone, ho has worn the holy vostmcnto, and for tho honor of my oharah . I mustn't spsko I 0h God Almighty, help a poor sinner, for I pon't know ..what to do I ". - ' Tody: got up after thia cry for help, and fcanrohed on his way to tha township. Ho had to oroea tho iittlo bridgo over tho crook hear M re._ St. Herrick's cottago, and ha saw lights flitting aboat from window to window, bnt ho took no notice, /or aa yet ho did not Jmow anything of Designation boing loet, Pir mothor'a earions iUness. Tho gordon, its pala flowers, lay in tho moon and ow silently - as ha passed— almost oa piontly as - tholr ofllshoots lay on that gravo hp in the lono ccmotcry, bat how could poor Tndy know that never again would the sweet child' bend over them, or plnok o bloaaom from their stems ? ' -Tho bedroom Tady oooopiod at tho qniet otol thoy still remained at was at tha back, with n door opening from it direct into tho yord,'and' ho weald havo stolen round to it .qoiotly only that the landlord was watching tor him,' and saw him as he passed tho bar door. ' " Stop, Connor l"ho cried," I havo a mes- po'go for yon." - " A mcssogo from who?" "the poor follow tasked, as ho tnrncd baOk 'un willingly. ; .' - T- " j : " FTdm Mr. ProsBor ; ' he hoe beon horo look: po/iot you, and wants yon to go down to the jelaim.as soon asyoa.esmo book." - i :"I ooh't," said 'Tady; heavily; " I'm dead b6at,-and'flt for notlflng bat bod,' ' What oan lie want mo thoro for at this time o' night." I 'l'Don't you-kndw.? ' Haven't, yon hoard? Good- lordj' tho ivhOlo plaoa- is ringing with itl" 1 ' i . " I heiuld nothing ; .what is it ?'.' '"Why, Mrs. St. Horriek's littiogirl is lost, and ovoryono that oonld has tarnod oat after her! ' It's tha qnaorest thing, too, fdr tho iittlo girl know overy inoh of tha coantry, and thot groat' dog 'of' their's was with hor. We ate- beginning to bo- afraid that aho's met with foul play,' aad tho poor , mother has' taken it to heort so that aha's got d Btroko or aema-' (thing." 1 Met with foul play I" They wero tho last nords of tho man's explanation that fell upon Tody's oars, and . they filled them to tha cz, olnsion'ot all ciso for a time; Itosignatioh jSt, Herriakhad mot. with.'foul play, and . was ,lest I Kosignation St.-Horriok had long, polo, infr liftl tTiihfc fibsTiHliAf:" frxlinmnn" T'n.tbnv Jamca'! raved aboht, :and twietpd in' his finEOro7" ' -4: i'ady ntterod an ezciattatlon of "horror, and Icanod hcavily ogaiiiat tho bar ncarhim. Ho could not opoak, -but ho motioned to tho landlord' to bo ooppiicd from a deoauter at hand. 1 \- "My-'word but jron do look HI, Tadyl Whntovor'a up with yon 7 ; 'Drink that off and eea if it will bring t ho life into yon;" /Tad'oboyOd; ont tho draught brought , no dolour to hla whito chookH; and, ioiuaing a repetiiioh- of tho doeo, ho wont ont to hla room, 'and threw himsdf upon his bod; : Of tha battle ho fought thoro, ho never spoho but ohco. ohd that' waa loug after to'hxa young foetor-biothor; -but ho foaght it alono and in eilcnca, eava ! to Him who He'ara- tho vcry thoughts ot'tho homblost of Hia.oroatutoo. ' vlt.was; quite- tvvo, -hoursc afterwards, that Loonard tried tho door of Tody's room, and found it faatdhed. Tady .hoard' him,; but dreading to moot, the young man's koah oyes, ho took .no hotico of tho attompt to gain ad-, mittanoo,' 'Leonard -was'ndt, howovor; 'to bo put off that way, for tho iandlord's.aoooant of -ubhamhlo' friend's lobks -had oiaimod liim, and ho spoko'ehorper than wao hieWont in bis dotorminationto scofor himsolf whatwoO thamnlfer.. '' : "I;know you're inoido Tady," was what ha said, " dnd7on may as well lot mo in' at onos,' for" in I'll got."' : Tho ' distraoted man oponod tho door in- otiintly, and felt giate'fal for tha'darkhcoa that' hid hio faeo fromDtis hind young master's gaseii. . '. "7oa are siok and in tho dork Tady; what is tho matter ? " Leonard aeked, as ho nfraok a mafah and lit tho ohombor oondio ho l;no\? waa upoii tlio little tablo. ' Thoro' was no huewer, and whon tha-wick had ignited, gathorcd nutrimont ond throw out a suuioicuc ligut to sco oy, young x'roeecr tuhicil round and looked' at Tady. Tho Irishman woe sitting on tho odgo of his bod supporting himself, , as it wore, on his hondo, whioh, at c-ithsr side of him, , woro spread upon ; tho .countorpanov > Ho .'-.was staring at tho fioor before him with his head .bowed and en indcaoribablo air of .iniccry and hopoiosoncss prevailing ovory tino of his figure. To tall tho truth, Leonard hod found himeolf slightly influenced hy.Ohariio Ellis's porsiotontm'iortion that Tady was endor tho Influonco of1 drink, but ono look at tho well- known facs-acsnrod him that it was not so. " What'o tho matter .with you Tody ? " 'No reply cgain. . . "Aro you siok? Bpeak my friond, for i mniitknow." . Tlio Irishman broko down oltogcther at tho gontlo "my friend," and it v/a a with on almost crivage energy that ho oried out— "I'or tho Ioto of God don't ack mo Mr. Leonard 1 don't, don't, for I can't tell you 1" , "I -must ask you Tady, for ii you aro' siok j must go and bring tbo dooior to yon." 'Oh I'm' not oiok Mr. Leonard I I Vants no dootor at all," at nU.l" hut for tho iovo o' God I ay.ta'sut so tfuctitions I " . " " A qiiilt'r thing to o'iy to rdti.St this tim'ac'f dqy Connor, I should havo thought twice before eaying sncli a thing to yon, Aro wa going to begin to havo secrets from each o(hor so lata in lifo old follow ? " !" I can't help it sir t I can't indeed i Oh Mr. Leonard; thoro aro things that no ono man con toll anothor after all I " " They must bo very scrloua things Tady ; no suoh can ezist botweon yon and mo." '' I ax it of yon for tha-eaka of ' my mother, tho woman that snolded you, sir; not to qaes- tion mo. There's something on my mind that will kill mo soon, I pray, but that I maac carry to my gravo a secret; - 'Look, sir, I'd lay down my lifo for yon; yon know that well, bnt I cannot tell yon this, and don't torture mobyaxiOg," ' . ' V ;"I do not nndcretond -it, Tady, hat I will only ask yon one thing— surely yon aro more of a man to fool this way over a girl lika'Nora Brady; if it ia a quarrel with her that has put ypn into thia state of 'misery L cannot pity you."'- - /'. ' i " Ob, Mr. Leonard, don't nat&o; her to mo I it's not that I oh, Lord, if it was only that IM die happy I" : " And yon can't explain? " : "Icon t, indeed, Bir." " Well, Tady, tho day will como when yon may tell mo, I hopo, and whon I may at least tryto comfort jron, so I will say no more now. -Isn't this an awful thing abont: that poor child?" "I only hoard a fow words from tho land lord oa I- kom in, Mr. Loonard— hove yo' no thrnea- ov her?" : " Nono of her, exactly, Ellis and I found tho' dog in tho bush behind' the comotoryroad.' It cooma ho had boon howling off and on all tho evening, bnt was silent shortly aftor can- dawn. It is a very mysterious easo, Tady. Tho dog Guardian has bean stabbed, and has been losing blood Iittlo by little nntli ho could hold up no longer. Ha was nearly nnconecioue when wo carried -him homo, and he has,- it- s'ecme bad a sovcm blow on tho hood also that Dr. Grey thinks moot havo rendered him on- , Tad/a only response to this information was a nooit-rcnding groan. "Wo aro to oommonoo a regularly orga nised scorch as soon as it is daylight, " -tha young gentleman wont on, "for tho partial moonlight only made tha shadows deeper and more nuzzling, bnt I am sadly alraid, Tady, that tho pretty ohild, who was tha first to greet as on Marranga, has mot with foal play." i Mot with foul play I thero wero the camo words again to ring liha a shout ia poor Tady'a cars. Mot with foul play i and who had dono tho foal deed ? What was ho to do ? How to bear this awful burden of another man'a secret ? Ho could notdoitalono and live ; ho must toll it to coma ono or die. \- "I think thefa will ho somochango in tha working of No. 1," said Loonard, whon ha vvos leaving tha'.room. " I met Conn. Brady, going to tho coach to-day, and ho told mo tho work was not agreeing with him. I snpposo ho baa gone to town for advice; it is etranga how little faith tho people hero have in Dr. Symo, for ho dooms to mo a clover and intoUl- gont man. Good-night, Tady— it there Is not on. improvement in yon by tho morning, I shall bring him to sco yon no. matter .what you say about it,"- \- " Stop a minnit. Mr.Loonard. If you don't sco mo hero in tho mornin' don't bo frightonod, for I'll Btart at break of -day for .Tawbcnack,' It's ' only a walk of ton miloa; and I'll get a- lift book in the coach; sal can. bo horo by- din- - mortimb." : .- , : i.'.vii "yowbonack?. -WhBt do you want thero?- ."Thoro's a priest thoro, sir, a regnlor. oler- gyman," Tady replied in a low voico. : " That's right, .Tady ; -.1, 'quite ; bslievo -in that; atop good, night again," and ao poor; Tady was left to battlo alono with his ' awful, jnerogtUI tho day broke in the bast. .-! ' O'VV,"' ' OHABTEB XL . ,- ;iiik IV. ; '" - A raamsps -night, had beau spent at -tho cot- taga by. poor Ellen Griffiths, the boy Daniel's 'mother. -. Under, tho' sodativos prescribed by. -Dr.. Gray Mrs. Bt. Horriok had-slspt a groator part of - tho night, hat if was n sloop broken joy orles -of ' terror ;and -uttordnces .of .'suoh. straogo- words, that .Ellon listened to .thorn with an awful wonder that deepened into' fear as tho night wore, on; Bho; was, .not alone ia :hor watohl for kindly Fanny . Olarka had bonia : over ae ooon as tha eadcondition of Mrs. fit. Her- -rioks had boon made known at the form. ; but -OB -tha . patient, . still Blept, though unooBily, Ellen had persuaded, the youug girrto go to iriiat nntil toward morning. ; : " I can call yon if you can help me, Miss \- Gtarke/'.sho-said'.'and whoil yoa.coms freehi to reliove.me I shall bo glad of a rest you may bosaro." ' And I am to leoivo yon all . alone ? " Fanny aeked doubtiully. . ";.v' " No; not alone, my boy Daniel is , to stay with me., ,.I shaBruako him. a bod op on the. sofa in tho next room,, whore I oan eea him aud wako.him it it ehonld bo riecessary," ' " And you will call mo in a coaplo of hoars, Ellon?" , ... - :l- "I will pail yon as soon as over I- fcid in noed-of rest-v-I prbmiso you that.'! , . And so Mrs.-fit. Horriok slept oh and mat tered or mnrmured in her eleop, with over and anon a wild cry of.: terror, at which Ellon's bond, would beloidon horhotforohood.and Ellon's low voioo whiepor ' soothing words ' in' hor - hall .unconooiouo oar ; , and Daniel sat erouohing over tbo firo that- had .been lit in' tho noxt room,1 tho pioturo ofhopoleea desjair pitifal to ooo at bis-hoy'a yoars. . . ,V Daniel, my ..dear, .-you .hod better . go to bod," his mother whispered aa oho oamo from thqinvalid's ohambor and; stood boaido hor son';,1.! I havo.,modo you. a comfditablo.bod there on tho sofa,|ana: I ehalltho quite hoar you all night." ' -V,-' , " " Oh, mother, hiw can I rest or alcop.whon we da not know whoro popr-lioaJghatibn is i Bho, may ho' blooding ofowly to. death, Bomb.' whoro, as Gnardian was ;. how could I sleep I" " My dcor, ehs is in God's hands," Ellen whispored softly, "and wo. con do no more now until daylight. Wouldn't it ho bettor, then, for yon to try. and sloop eo aa toho strong tb;morrow. and .better nblo - to help then if youwebp your eyes, out all night ?" ' Tho poor Ind nestled against hia mother's cido, and her arm drew him olocoiy to her. "If-I folflto oho waudcod, -mother, it would not 1)3 no br.d, but to think nho.may bo sniior- ins and tortured — oh. it ia hard I You can't know bow fond wo children wcro of each otlmr, mother. It ccomo. a- part of my.celf thatiagono, - Wo havo epont so many sura- mer doys togothor in tho bush and np.nt tho gravo that:! do not think, thorn -was ;'bno thoaght wo did hot toll, and now— r—" ' '-"And now, my dear, Keeignotibn .'may ba looking into her own father's faco in Heaven." Do yon think so really, mother ?" "I do, dear. From tho foot of Guardian's being wounded I fear wo h&vo; lost hor, but it . will bo hor gain." "Who could kill - Roeignation ? " tho hoy cried fiercely, nn ho drew himself from Ellon's cmbraco and looked into her eye.: for r.h answer. "Everyono loved her, she was -so gontlo end good' and patlo'nt '-always, who could injure her ? . Mother, thero is only one villain in tho world that could hurt her, nud that was tho man— tho monster (hsa buried hor father niivo I"- ' "Hush, Daniel, oh hn'nh !" (To Is continued.) - Sncn Ojuob— Ono cup of sugar, tablespoon- ; ful of butter, ono egg, onooupoi sour milk, pno tooepooniul olsohui opKb ;to teste, flour' fi'ribifgh to tahlib a tliibk liiit'toy : 