s p o n T i N Q ^ g p s ^ N a ^ m N C i E s ^ " . ' " [Bt ST. Albaks.] iodie ! time, , s as far as his three-year-old prospests are concerned. His scratching,-which took place on Wednesday moraine, was, in spite of tbe re*, peated ^warn ingsTpublished in a section of. the sporting spreiis—aJ bitter Wow to- South Ausjtralian backers, who, on tbe strength of the colt's Maribyrnongi-PIate^ivietorj;, coupled with his local reputation thought his winning thBUterbyfrW .Bj-I'liiBl'sStbdSiawal the '"Blue Riband " looks very much more open, as Nordenfeldt, First Chester, Ringr master, Dunlop, Thunderbolt, Winchester] <md: §uiinyr dOaysr ;^aye; jesph beenThea-rily of 'themselves; the winner of the Guineas on Satuhlay.r;should.take:ja lotif brating/in the Derby, but my 'HV:I impressions are that the classic event will be fought out between First Chester and NordgnfeJSt. OaBMS'ifT 1 Tne people's favourite—Commotion—is tem; porarily under a elou(3,'tlie great son of Panic having—it isftpoWed—injured one of his legs .seriously. ,efhe tcrack his been scratched for the CaulSeld Cup, but, judging by his appearance oti Thursd^y, morning, I-shouldsay that he will not Only StaH.'but wiU Very liairly win .thej Melbourne; ,t!iip.,, All- going well.I Jook upon investment in' the'iace."* Se h'as* twice snowri his ability ,to .carry" Big„weights into«the .first threem'tlie Cup, and'-if ; iio-wbrse-fiiah'he is at present, the'- best 5 will have to travel to beat him in the Cup.- ! •. New .Zealand oioiwd. hprses ihave. been "pari rticularly . -unfortunate... inn -.'Oiiri big talfeSs; Martini-Henri, .probably the...gTeatest colt; his sire ever foaled, ran .away with our Derby and Cup, but though. bred-'in:. Maoriland, he was both,trainedjand;.'<jwned -by;.^n>rAustralian gentleman.'..' Sir,Modred..certainly won thei MetropoUtah;-But his owner 'was also, a local resident, arid th'e:handtome .s'on of .Traducer had long beeh-trained in WeivSouth "Wales. -This season the New Zealanders appear to have a better chance of carrying off both our Derby and Cup than on any previous occasion that I can remember; the three-year-olds, Winchester and Thunderbolt, will hold their own, both as regards good looks and condition, against all comers. Liverpool, another of the Hon. Wm. Robinson's division, bears every indication of havingjindergone a hard, sound, : stron^preparation, wlffleffreHto&.Jn^hursday. morning,'jajrly.'eclipsed all liis previous form by puHing up'as Iresh as a da'fsy after going a' slashing gallop with the Hawkesbury Handicap winner—Prince Imperial. If, witn fonr sucn strings to their bow, the. Maoiilanders fail to! win a race or two during the coming spring; meeting, their lu;k will indeed be out, for! never within my recollection has the colony been so strongly represented as at the present time. ' The cry is still they come, although every bed at the principal hotels is already engaged a month ahead. Hacing visitors are pouring into the city from each of the colonies, and the coming " Cup" promises to attract an even' gfeater attendance .than during, .Exhibition year. ?OId sporting men isay;that (the iigf rfice looks more r op"en •than' it "has done' for years past. No three-year-old sticks out pro- 1 minently ahead of his fellows, and even the best friends of Nordenfeldt, the bast three-, year-old performer, so far, are not as sanguine as they might be regarding his propects of pulling off the Derby and C.up double. : Intelligence'" has J just' iieeB ' received that Helene was seized with inflammation, and in a' very short time died in her box at Newmarket! where she was located. Helene was greatly fancied for the Caulfield Cup, and her death is' another facer for backers, as the daughter! of Countryman had been heavily backed It' is a stroke of very bad luck too for her owners the Messrs Robertson. ; Cerise and Blue is an outsider who might be' worth an investment for the Melbourne Cup, 1 by those who like-ajong shot. At the A. J.C. meeting Bhe won th'e jFree Handicap, distance; a mile and a quarter in a canter, covering the! distance in 2min. lljsec., and beating such! fliers as Kathleen, Happy Thought, Prodigal, I and Anglesey. At the Rosehill Races last! Saturday, Mr Thompson's mare, with 7st 9!bsin the saddle,^away; with^the.^Bail-: way|QiiiMicapi"a"sig turiong fliiiter, audSSateri on carryingTstllltjs'Xm'cluaiag jrteVeiTpbundpenalty) won the October Handicap of a mile! and n quarter, winning as she liked in 2inin.! lOJsec. Cerise and Blue is a four year oldi daughter of Wilberforee, out of Myrtle, and is; handicapped at 6st., in the Melbourne Cup in. addition to which she. will have to carry a; three pound penalty.- I think she will be found? the best of the very light weight division. Thei mare has changed hands, during the week, she! having been purchased by Mr Oxenham for! £300. That nothing succeeds like success is a truism, which holds good-in rgcing^as- jii'isyery- : thingifilse, £ftd,ajroce(Lt jeiemBlificatioti 4£3Ehe > proverb is afforded by the manner in which the Hon. James White's colt Nordenfeldt, who has won five races out of six in which he started,; being left at the post on the occasion of his! solitary non-success, has been, rushed into the' position of first favourite for the Melbourne : Cup, as_well^as for the Y.R.C.. Derby, for; which latter race""!® fis'^qij^ s|!,!a fiery short; price, andJorb61h,of ^iphTileh^'feeii backed' to win a hatful of money. The nature of; Nordenfeldt's performances do not, in my; opinion, warrant his position at t h e t o p of thei Cup quotations, and though hemay have a show! for the Derby if he be the elect of Mr White's stable, or perhaps he will have more chance if' he be n o t the eJect,of a stable which is famous for aie;unfeliability4)f-its' fanj&Mni;, unless i he haft a; lotrm'are" up his'sleeve ? than"wflat he showed us at Randwick, I do not think the; Maori- bred colt has a ghost'of a chance of appropriating the big handicap, and he will have to show a cleaner pair of heels to have much show in the tliree- year-old event. The A. J.C. Derby was won by him in the wretched: time of 2min. 47isec., and he will have to compass the mile aiid a half much faster at i Flemington to be in the first flight^' In the! Spring; Maiden Stakes, he covered the same: distance 4in> onJyCS quarter of ajeecond less, carrying "Sst^^^anaThis'ivin infthe three i mile race,.:the Randwick Plate, in which he! carried Ost 121bs, is unworthy of notice, as it! was only a canter from start to finish, the time 1 being 7min. 40sec., or just two minutes, and almost .14, secujids slower., than ,,Commotion carrying. 9st.51b, covered4he4sa'me ! <Jistance in the last Champion Stakes. An examination; of bis performances points unmistakeably toi the conclusion that instead of being ascrib- j able to any extraordinary merit on the part of; Nordenfeldt, they are rather traceable to the j exceptional weakness of.t the.,iorsea opposed j to hitn, and'Iihirikbabkeri will hive cause toi regret having jumped so rapidly at conclusions.; On the day on which thesenotes are presented j to your readers the Spring meeting of the; V.A.T.C. will commence, and there is every: sign of a most successful re-nliion. Since the ; last meeting many improvements and altera-; tions have been effected at Caulfield, and the; additional accommodation is certain to be; appreciated by all visitors to the beautiful; heath. The days racing is particularly in-1 teresting. as the two principal events, the! iGreritSEoalfitatos Sbd Caulfield G.'uihe'asl-h'avfe; a most important bearing, and often afford a; good line to the probable' result ofithe'.jriijre: important events to follow at the T.R.C- meetins, the Maribyrnontr Plate sand'+he "V.R.C-; Derby.. ; ,Bacmg,commences with the Maiden ! Plate, tor which there will probably be a fairly ! big, field, though -not-a-very first-class lot. Hippogriff and Too. Top teve sboth rum well enqa»b' in" public to ehowjthait Jtheir .claims! must not be overlooked, and Girofla is a; beautiful filly. . whose only, ,.appearance, „ in : phblicwas'm the Hopeful Stikes-atlJleinjyg ; ton- when she-ran second-T;o Juanna,: ana finished m^front of a good lot Mr P«an>on : has^a'coup'ife eng^ed. * and'I*like-The'TVawler; best of the two. while J ocular has been show-- inf good form on the training ground, and; will not run badly. If Girofla is.meant' irthinkishe Wili winnand be followed, • home by; Hippb^iiff- and Too'Too. 'The J'irsfr Hnrdle; Race is also likely to be contested by a good' field. Duration is nowithe top weight, owing ; to the withdrawal of Royal Maid and Hunts- Iffilifil'^fa j&tfiow.; I^on't thSkHlh^ra^ j will stop hnn. and expect-to see Duration. Gasalier- and P-roblemJigbt-ifc oa^ at the finish, and I like them i i fee ^ itder named. The Great Foil Stages should prove very interesting as several of the two-year-olds have shown already that they are possessed of a Tare turn j of 'psree. .- ^.Taddelroa. thB. South Australian representative. 10 "held by/her/cpuntryffien to be a certainty .for the Manbyrnong Plate, but she will meet some; very speedy .youngsters at Caulfield- AcmSisiramimgjiavthe. Richmond Stakes'.at Randwick, Bhowed that she ,is a genuine flieft-aiid ofihe t>vo:I preferj.the.^e(V- SoiitW«Wall£ represebtativW- AtUhe- STv&t; Club meeting last Saturday, The Nun; ran_a feaUj^qbd^yandffldith.isanpthprjoungstef: has possessed ^beautiful of plenty pair ot Sn^amocles^iAjAnita, pwfe -Sir W -y Clarke the Jatfce «£j»hom -ran well^aPJEl tern wick -Park, when jshe made; a.dead heat^rit with XiosdSGhanoeUor Ijlike^Acme thebest UsH f&n;'cy she will le followed-h me bv-The Niih Anita, and Maddelmaj-thojigh IJoo^ upon the race as yery"opeji ',asjseieral o F £be£6ungsters who h 1* in her Randwick form, it W)U . i-eal clinker to beat bet The'iCai Guineas ls'ltEWy to bhn" oift'&'fiHd of ire^^ntials to pub1iC T favohr l H e S ^ not raced ; yet this seasoli^utii'iennellyihaEiBbt.lumanto gqodmndi&on; Dunlop who ran well as a" Wb'-yeaf^bld^niSev^ralfflccasii^aJartiouliiSly: when he defeated UraJla m the All 4 Aged Stake at EleminHon last ^ntumn hftsntapiovea wonderfully- and - as 'bound .to.-bffer ii stout resistance to-thesHod' JsSjfVhite sjcilt, •Ririgmsfetec ranlike a .racaliurae.iast -Saturday at the Hunt Club meetin"'and showedlfcatie hasjMtiosH anyiof his pace eand^lfbough the son of Firit Kuifi-lis only »httili fellow iSbd; does not-jtnke Jme •o& ibemg ill ely toi carry weight I am certain that he will ^perform fcreditabl over a imiie coutee. -ffhesestbree c immend th m elvei fto-mfe as likel to £11 tbe; s u r p n ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ f e u -f^ihPi^Mwfy to 1ft ^ may-' ui ttTre thU colt ^Srtthe sftaasic ctent tb J shall "3plate"- thfem? to Hmeh—. Chnsto Dunldp Jahfl Sinfelhastei. "Monte Iti thet Tt)oiKlt : ®Sbdictip whichTfitasBSs "She! day-s -sport I like Bohemian, -phuoVsttrf Muscat t und Oainetibe^itet akd 4expefei%e; '' first three to fill the place 1 ^ n f.j e^pvgniy Af-B Sdfjebp^,— jVjwWggfld down with debt poverty and suffering ttor yeara ^yspd femilyj^id »iar,ge biili; ; for doctormgi which'did,themiBo^ona^ 