BROKEN AT .L& ST. C..PITEB LVIII. ' George,' sobbed hissister, ' you terrify me ! This is maduess-delusion. Oliver would have smiled forgiveness on his father. If heavou pcrmitted the dead to visit this sad world, it would not be to mock us. You must shake off those sad impressions--return once more to the active life of your profes 0 ion.' ' Never!' interrupted her brother,' firmly. ' The man who cannuuot command himself so n unuit to commt ndothers.' Would you beliciY it-f seutenced poor old Jack who sailed with me since I was a isiddy, who saved my life, to the lash!-the lash!' he repaated,with a shudder. ' Travel, then,' suggested his sister. ;I cannot fly Irom myself,' was the gloomy answer. Sometimes the ulnhappy uman would ap pear minre composed, andi dwell upon the death of our hero with a calmness common observers would have mistaken or apathy. Alarmed at the increasingldespondency of brother, Mrs. D lton exerted all the iu encee she possessed, andat last drow from insim a re:uctant promise to seek relief from his sad thoughts in foreign travel. Sailors, like ghosts, are said to be fond of retuining to the scenes they have long beau familiar with. At any rate, it proved the case with Jack Shears. There were certain haunts in the neighbourhood of Wapping and Rotherhithe which he preferred to the hos pitable abode of John ' ompton, although the butler allowed him to smoke in his own room, and hehad the society o Peter dnar and Philipp,. The fact was, pipeelay and tar did not exactly hit it. There was a feeling-only a slightone-of jealousy between them. Eachls cousidered himself as exclusively entitled to wait upon our hero : Jack, becausoe he knew hIim first and had sailed under his father; Peter; from past service and affection. The day alter Oliver's return from Rich mood the old sailor rushed into the roomr where Oliver was writing in a state of great excitement. Ihave seen Tosm, your honour!' lie ex claimed. ',The ggy's paid off, and the .kippur retnurn edto Londoni.' .. .i England?' ' Tie as the Nore Light. The:i rascally pirates took our riggin' abroad, and told the ,?tptailt s.s wn ew, r ohuh drowned Iand buried. Lo.e .my eyes, you slhint d have seen Tom's ,' iiggr'-head wirhi lhe first cdapt his eyes upon them ; hi chanIged likh a dolphiu--looked as .if hi:- l bet usiln tile doetir's list for six moutlls, sad kept oil three qa.lrter grog.' ; h My poor father Ielieves that we. are dead ' said our hero ; ' the retribution illfsit hlvr been fearful. ,'ume with nme. ..W\\\ier.? a. kued Jack. doubtfilly. STo .ok hisim,' replied the '-enrolus -'youth; nt.t an -instact can I leave hinl w l.t? .Ochl an imipreSsiat uspo hliis minil,. I tremble for his rdaesn. Youl needl not fear him now.' S;. 'PFear hint!' repsat:l tihe s.assi ; love my eves ! I never wo: afearti on him. I knowse his hoart wre mieat ; it was only the uplperrisgia' that wor qmior at time;.' The old man touched his head signifi c4.cautly. Sin Besid:es' hli added, ' he couldnot flog sine now. IHe has struck his flag.' Had Oliver Brandreth given himself time : to reflect, the probabilities are he would have pursued a more prudent course. Bhts im petunonsfolingsigo the better of his judg. meat, and, without calculating the offect of his sudden appearance might produce upon his father, his aunt, anud sabel, he quitted the house, accompanied by Jack Shears, and. directed his steps towards the villa in the Begent's Park.' . :' 'It was the day preceding the a ~no tn w',i Ii `' `-thedaptain was to leave hm, :u on his trar.e s, .The desolate man .,was?walking. in.the grounds with his niece and sister, dis coursint, on the past with that regret which d-rives double bitterness from being hope les?., 'I have yielded to your wish,' he observed, `against my judgment. We cannot. fly fkm the hearts malady-it accompanies us lire our shadow.' ' ' Hfope better, ' said Mrs.' Dalton; 'there ,isa balm in time and change.' Hter brother smiled bitterly. A faint shriek from Isabel, who had lin gered to weep over a rose tree Oliver and herself had set when childron, attracted the attention of her uncle. The apparition that met his gaze might have startled . stronger nerves than Captain Brandreth's-thoe son he had mourned as dead, and the faithful seaman he had driven to desperation by his mad passion, stood on the walk, pale,and agitated,before him. ' Will you believe me now?' he exclaimed, frantically. ' There, there ? I told you how they haunted me. How my brain swims reason is crushed by the terrible reality. My boy, my murdered boy, pardon, par donl'. ' Father,' said Oliver, ' from the waves in which I madly plunged heaven has res tored me to you. Speak not of forgiveness; theparent can have no forgiveness to ask his child. I return to you with love un broken. Will you reject that love?' 'Living!' faltered his parent. Can this be real? To my heart, Oliver-the heart that pined for your affection, even when it: mis judged you most-to the heart that beats - as if it would lbrak frfii?tli?i toiturecd breast to" meet you.' Our hero sprang to the arms that opened to receive him, and was folded to the heart to the heart of the repentant parent. It was a picture of no ordinary interest to behold father and son thus locked in the embrace of affection and reeonciliation; Isabel, clinging, half fainting, to her scarcely less agitated mother ; whilst Jack Shears unable to contain his joy, threw up his cap, indulged in a succession of gyrations a dancing dervish might have envied, and finally gave vent to his feelings in a hearty English cheer. And yet there was one person who, on observed., being screened behind the door of the conservatory, witnessed the scene with anything but feelings of satisfaction Mademoiselle Marelli. Her nervous fit hadreturned. 'Send your father to the house, Oliver,' sobbed his aunt. ' This joyful surprise has shaken him beyond his strength.' Hasty kisses passed between our hero, Mrs. Dalton, and Isabel, who led the I captain, weak and prostrate as a child, into the villa. There is a happiness too deep for words or tears, to describe which would be impos sible ; all that is left is to draw the veil of imagiuali n over it. As the agitated relatives disappeared, the governess advanced from the conservatory towards Jack, who still continued his antics. SHo is tis this?' she demauded. ' Tell me -what has occurred.' 'Love my eyes?' exclaimed the sailor: 'can't you understand it? His honor never vor in Davy Jone's locker, and never wiill be?' Here he broke into one of his favourite songs. ' What do you require ?' said the French womau, who imagined that the information she had sought was only to be obtained by a bribe. 'Require I' repeated the old man. 'A fiddle and a dance- lots of grog, and a smi ling partner.' Throwing his arms round the waist of ma demoiselleo, Jack shears would fain have in dulged his feelings in a jig upon the lawn; but the Frenchwoman released herself with an air of offended dignity, pronououiced the word ' Moster !' and walked into the house. ' Monster i' repeated Jack, looking after her; 'maybe I am, but I wruldn't change feelin's with her; she's as cold as the north wind, almost as uncomfortable. Huzza ! huzza ! if the crew of the Aggy wor here, wouldn't we have a d-y of it? There'd be no stoppin'the liberty boys, now.' An hour- afterwards, Isabel, with still tear stained cheeks, sought hinm ; she had known him from childhood, and her regard had been increased a hln'dredfold by the account her cousin ha relatdi of his devotion and courage. cCrHrAeTR LIX. Oliver Brandreth slept that night soundly beneath the parental roof; Iis heart was at rest-the pained feeling that for years he had been misjudged n lhnger troubled it. The captain had made a clean breast at last, and renounced one of the great errors of his life. Hitherto Isabel had been kept in ignorance of the fact that her cousin Oliver had a mo ther still living. Mrs. Dalton thought that her daughter was now of an age when the circumstances ought to he disclosed to her, and from that day the fair girl andl our hero discovered that an additional link had been added to the chain of sympathy between them. In their morning walks in the park they con versed of little else; and many were the sweet words of consolation his former play mate bestowed wh-n he complained of the time that might still elapse before his dear est wish would be gratitiel. During his sojourn in Italy, Oliver Brand reth had frequently asked himself what pe culiar spell rendered his heart insensible to the thrall of beauty. He now began to com prehend the reason-he had not forgotten Isabel. As a child, she had secured an in terest in his affections, which daily inter course began to strengthen till it bade fair to ripen into passion. 'I wonder how Phil felt when he first fell in love ?' was a question that freq'ently sug. gested itself. '1 must ask him when he re turns.' Little did he imagine that it would b answered before that dlay arrived, The observations of Mademoiselle ifarelli on the impropriety of her former pupil being ipermitted to walk so frequently with her cousin provoked an eclaircirsei ntt. . On entering hris nunt's boudoir, he found Isabel. in tears, .and her mother looking rathller more striously than was her wont. On asking the cause, his cousiu quitted the room. S'\Vhit his occurred?' he anxiously in quireld. ',Nothing,' replied Irs. Dalton, evasively; t hlnt ia? notrhig serious. Isabel should not pay any rittention to sueh ridicillous nou sence. She is not ustirlly so weak. 'Are you quite sure tlhat it is weakness,' r~eplie:l her nephew. Conme aunt, hoidded coaxingly, ' you ought to hlave no secretsfrom m. Tell mell ll albout it, :Ti'he lady -hook her hIead . 'You wont ?'."saidl our hero ; I must ask my cnisini then ?' ' Yu .r insst do nothiin" of the kinil,' said lhi~ aiunt, intercepitng hini as: Ire was about to unit the room. Oliverr, I request-yoa weill not.' 