ScHoes from the Bush. ' P'raps the gardener can drive it in, dear,' exclaimed Mrs. Snapper, as she looked timidly across at her better three-quarters, who was trvinp- to drive a blunt nail into a hard niece nf ' Going to let that idea meander through the world unprotected?' he yelled, 'or arc you going to give the Free Press another cheap article?' And Snapper smiled a smile of. derision, as he tried to break his hammer on the head of the nail. 'This individual person, Mrs. S., ain't going to succumb to a measely nail. Remain stationary for a second or two, Mrs. Snapper, and then note the triumph of Snapper over a nail of the world !' And Snapper went for that nail with renewed vigor ; but it was an obstinate nail, and, like the Free Press, it would not acknowledge Snapper ; so Snapper grew excited, and waved the hammer wildly in the air and brought it down with a clatter on his thumb-nail. ' Tah !' he howled. ' What do you want to get between me and the light for? I knew you'd do it !' And Snapper glared at Mis. S. with die glare of a demon. ' I'm sure I wasn't near ? ' 'That's right,' he moaned, ' Got a notion you'r an orator, ain't ye ? — well you ain't ! And don't you spill my elocution over my mangled remains, Mrs. S. : deeds, not words, are required,' he said, as he nursed his wounded digit on his shirt-front Mrs. Snapper then went prospecting for spider webs, and when a spider came out to see if he was wanted she gave a scream that lifted the hair off Snapper's head. ' Land of Goshen !' he yelled, ' Don't ye know there's sickness in the house ! P'raps you've a patent waterproof idea that you can kill a spider by yelling at him ! All you want, Mrs. S., is an ounce of nitro-glycerine, and and you'll do for a dynamite explosion !' Aud Snapper heaved a deep sigh and resigned hiiu selt to nis late. ' Let me put this on your finger, dear,' said Mrs. Snapper, advancing with the web. ' Ain't ye goin' to wash it,' said Snapper, eyeing it widi evident disgust. ' Think you'r going to hand me down to posterity as a human spider, eh ? Think you'll utilise this invalid as a fly-catcher, don't ye? — well you won't ! What do you want to stand there for ? Can't yon see Fm bleeding to pieces?' he screamed. ' Dear, dear ; what will I do ?' wailed Mrs. Snapper. 'Turn on the red light,' he moaned ; 'Snapper dies in one act,' and then he fell on the sofa in as theatrical a pose as he could assume. ' Send for mother, birdie's dying,' he whispered. Ah ! I die,' and he rolled his eyes about, and nearly frightened Mrs. Snapper into a faint. ' Why dont ye drop the curtain ? Can't ye see I'm a corpse ?' he bellowed. ' Tomor row, ladies and gentlemen,' he cried, jumping up and addressing an imaginary audience, ' is the first appearance of Snapper's ghost, and the animated skeleton !' he howled, as he boubded off to bed. And as Mrs. Snapper tore up the Free Press for curl-papers, she wondered if there was ever a probability of Snapper be coming an angel. 