THE POLLUTION OF COOK'S RIVER. Cook's River is In ail alarmingly degeneralo ntntc — at least, that portion of the stream com monly known as the " Dam" and the corres ponding stretch of water upon the opposito side of the turnpike road. Nobody appear to know exactly how or where the pollution originate — whether it is the result of au inflow of sewer age or of depositions of uolid filth from China men' gardens, whether it iu caused by tlio washing of wool or by the swift decay of vegetable matter, by the shallow ness of extremely low tide or the .avorwith which the locality is regarded as a vast cemetery for the lifeless bodies of house hold puty, or indeed whether the pollution is the combined effect of all these and a thousand other causes. It is a question upon which everyone is entitled to hi theory, and the only man with whom tlio reddefitH of the neighbor hood would be at nil inclined to quarrel ia thu man who could cross the bridge without a vigorous application of a scented handkerchief to the olfactory organs. This stench has an origin about a weird and mysterious a the ghosts with which romance might populate thu unholy scrub that shrouds the adjacent swamp. I t is a phenomenal stencil —so poisonous that the fish are dying by thousand in the river; so prodigious that it loads the air as far as Koga- rah on tho one suiu and Marrickvillo 011 the other side ; and ho fraught with danger to the public health that sickness traceable to its deathly breath has already made au appear ance iu the neighborhood. The most singular circumstance is that until a few months ago nothing more objectionable than the odour of seaweed when the tide was low mingled with the ozone of tho dis tant bay. Daily the channel fiow?d with fro. idi water, small craft approached the bridge and there appeared good reason for anti cipating that some day or other Cook's River would become quite a highway of shipping Lo the southern suburbs of the city. Indued the Government went to the length of constructing a wharf at oue cud of the bridge, and nothing but the natural increaie of population In the neighborhood seemed necessary to stimulate tiu traffic. -Recently, however — certainly since the opening of the railway line to Ivogar.di— the water haveshown adisposition to retire. Whilst low tide reduce the river to a va;l waste of entangled scrub and seaweed, through which a .dekly stream languidly wind its way, high tides, instead of bringing steamers la leu witli pa-i-eng'.MN nnd barge ; with coal or 'timber, b.iug only filth, which iu their ebb they leave behind to swelter in the heat of noonday, or rising with the mist or evening to stalk, currying disease und death in their train for miles around. 'J he neighborhood has grown alarmed. Families who have lived there for year tell you that such surrounding! uro a new aud ct range experience. Thoy are fouled out of iheir very home:. The doctor are warning their patients. The Mayor of West Botany his convened a public meeting to debate the nui sance ; tlie .Mayor of St. Foter will probably follow hi example. .Something must lie done and that quickly, for whilst tho country round is threatened by this pestiferous Mwamp it i merely hypocrisy to clear it of noxiuu trade. Vi'o visited the neighborhood veUurd iy afternoon, and although the tide had notjthen ebbed completely, the atmosphere from Marrickvillo to A.'ncbli'o wa: strongly tainted, whilst at the bridge it w.w foul buyoml descrip tion. There appears Jilt lo doubt but that tho I rimary euiLe of Hie mihaucc is the phenomenal scarcity of water. The river has cither been >eiioa«dy blocko 1 near its muuih, and the natural impulse of the tide checked to a»i alarming extent, or thu sea is naturally retiring for the belter accommodation of Mibnrbau red lent, lu cither e,i-e the scare U not without it; remedy. Whatever lie tho e.;u.-.e, the channel must be deepened und the acre of pestilential swamp reclaimed. The meeting that is convened for tn-morrow evening will doubtless demand Home such prucouduro, and In the inturoR of the community the Government cannot, long disregard their re- quo.- 1. One tiling iw certain. The stench does m>t arise from the admixture nf any single de scription of ii: ih. It. is not the odor of drain p'p's, nor yet of decaying carcase ; it is an infinitely worse combination. Tlio air is literally heavy with impurity, it more nearly iv-'mblo; the pe-i ilential inia-ma that Charles Di«d; ns tells u paralysed "the flourishing cilv «>:' B leu " than auyihiiig wo remember en countering. to Tin: KiiiTou or tub daily tir.k'jrahi. Sir, — it doe not follow that becauau thu autho rities during the last !l) year have been allowed to go M.'.u-frce iu allowing Gonk'n River to silt and fast till iu, to the annihilation of the saiall coaster.-; that traded up the river to the dam at th" Government Wharf, navigation now being completely stopped, that the more serious a-peci of thu business in a .sanitary point of view is to bo ignored ono day longer than necessary. The pestilential vapor arising from tho mud lints hcuviu 11 the Warren and Botany that per vade the air for mile.:, the stench resembling that from dead hodie more than anything else, if not 5-pctdily arrested will cause Hiuili uu amount of sickness and death a will he hor rible to contemplate. The surplus drainage of St. l.Vters, Marriek- ville, Tempo, A.rnelili'e, and Kogarah finds its way to what was originally Cook's River, now sucre-sivf mud-flats; is distributed with sea weeds over t he said llatu ; allowed to fester in tin heat of thesuu — hence the abomination rc- Th remedy is in the cutting of a canal, thereby reclaiming about one thousand acres of land, to he called Cook I 'ark in honor of Gap- lain (.Vol;, also providing recreation grounds i'oi- lb nuToiindilig municipalities without ex- j'Uiiive ivsumiitioiiH for small area. — Your. We.. .L'JiO BONO DUBLLCO. JJeecintier 