True from the First AND FALSE TO THE LAST. CHAPTER X. THE SMUGGLERS--TIHE SECRET-DOGR AN UNEXPECTED INTERVIEW. UTDEn the pretext of fatigue, Bodine retired to his own apartment at an early hour, but it was only an excuse to gain time to reflect on the best means of opening a communication with the captain of the brig that lay at anchor a little more than a mile distant. Martinez had sailed away on the previous night on some errand best known to himself, but he had returned that afternoon to learn what had happened in his absence; for that something would happen to the hardy traveller, who had not only ventured to rob the place, which long use had caused him to consider as belonging to the smugglers, but who had actually fired at and wounded himself, he felt very certain. He awaited the arrival of a mes senger from the 'settlement' with such patience as he could command, and at length despatched Pascoe to ascertain the cause of this unusual de lay in communicating nith him. Won dering if the gang had permitted the stranger to escape with the large booty he had made his own, and were afraid to communicate the fact to himself, Martinez paced the deck of his vessel with impatient strides, occasionally uttering an order or a curse as time passed on, and no one returned to tell him the story which he was so anxious to hear. 'I don't believe they've got him, and Ihope they haven't,' he muttered, savagely. ? t's not my game to have them fellows take all that money from him. He'll go back to St. Marks likely, if he gets off safe from them, and it's there I'll'find him and make my bargain with him. I can let Pascoe into the secret, and between ourselves we can lay him by the heels, and bring him on our tight little ciaft, to'make a sea voyage he has not cl * culated upon. Before it's over I think he'll be accommodated-very.' His musings were at last interrupt.d by the dip of oars, and the next moment a peculiar whistle which was uitsed as a signal was heard. SHum! coming at last, and some body's with him too, from the way he drawls it out. I wonder what them fellows mean by not sending someone down to report when the look-out warned them that Ihad run in again.' The boat soon drew up alongside, and Pascoe sprang over the low bul wark, and then aided his companion to climb to the deck. The moon, .by this time, had arisen, and by it's light Martinez recognized Catlin, fromn whom he soon drew the facts of Bodine's escape, and his going home with Mr. Rosiere. He then gruffly dismissed Catlin, who was soon set on shore by Pascoe, who had stood by a silent listener to their conversation, unable to understand the policy his p0mmander intended to pursue, though having implicit confidence in his judgment. When he came back, he found that the captain had retired to his cabin, and thither he followed him, as he was privileged to do, and on entering abruptly asked 'What is in the wind now, captain? You've got soine plan in your head, I can see, and of course you're not going to run any risk without letting me know beforehand, that I may be ready to help you if you get yourself in a dangerous place.' 'Sit down, Pascoe, and I will ex plain' what I am going to attempt. I did not mean to set out on my expedition without letting you know that I am going to have a settlement with Walter Bodine, that is the name I found on them letters.' 'Yes - I know - but what you. learned f·rom the letters you took is more to the purpose. Won't you tell me what Bodine found in that box? Ithink my long and faithful service entitles me that much confidence, cap tain.' 'You have been staunch and true to .me since we first met, Pascoe, and that was twenty years ago, when you werebutalad; and so I'l1 tell you, that if we had our eyes about us, we might have discovered a treasure that would have made us both rich enough to retire from this 'smuggling business, and settle down as well off as bees in clover.' The mate uttered an exclamation more expressive, than elegant,: and breathlessly asked ' ~What are you going to do to get back the share we ought to have for giving a hiding place to that money? 'I amn going to the old place to see 1 about that to-night. I know how to get into the house, and I'll see that chap face to face; and if there's any thing wrong about his ownership, I'll make him pay roundly for keeping silent aboutit. If he isn't liberal in his dealings, I'll make this country too hot to hold him.' ' I suppose I am to be with you, and ready to help you off if you get into trouble ?' said Pascoe. 'Yes-I am not going alone. Give your orders to the men to mak:e ready to leave when the tide goes out; then get into the boat alongside and wait for me.' Pascoe obeyed his orders literally, and Martinez soon joined him, carrying with him the letters he had purloined from Bodine's saddle-bags. In silence theyrowed acrossthemoonlitwatersand landed on a sheltered spot not more than two hundred yards from the gate thatopenedinto Mr. :Rosiere's grounds. When they had secured the boat, Pascoe laconically asked 'What next, captain ?' 'We must skirt along under the shadow of the trees till we get near enough to the house to find out if all is still. Them young people may be on the gallery yet, making love in the moonlight, for all we know; it ain't so very late.' 'Not more than eleven o'clock, counting as they count time.' ' Then they'll be almost sure to be there, and if I could hear their talk, may be I'd find out something that would be of use to me. Come with me to the side-gate, Pascoe. It's always on the latch; and from there we can get into the flower garden. You can hide yourself among the vines and I'll go on to the reconnoitre. If they've only put Bodine in the right room, I shall have little difficulty in finding him and having a talk with him that will show him I'm not to be trifled with.' The two men moved on in silence after this till they gained the shelter of the garden. A light still burned in the room which overlooked it, and one of the windows were open. EMartinez whispered 'That used to be poor Nita's room and it has an entrance to it from.the lumber room below. I've been up tlhat old stairway more than once when she was watched so close that she couldn't come out on the beach to meet me. If they've put Bodine in thero, I can go in on him at my leisure ' As if in answer to his speculations, a man's figure rose from a table in the centre of the apartment, and came to. the window, peering out into the thick shrubbery below, as if the sound of their cautious steps had reached his ears, and startled him from his em ployment. It was Bodine, and he had been engaged in counting over the gold he had sewn in his belt, and it now lay in a glittering heap under the light of the lamp. Martinez instantly recognised him, and both the men remained perfectly still, till, appar ently r; assured, Bodine left the win dow and returned to his employment. The captain then said, in guarded tones ' Do you stay here and keep watch on that window. I am going to find out if tho rest of the family have gone to sleep yet.' Pascoe nodded, and Martinez made his way to the vine-clad entrance td the parterre, and listened for the mur mur of voices from the gallery above. It came as he anticipated, and glancing upwards he saw the lovers sitting close beside each other, but, fortunately for him, their backs were turned to the side of the yard from which he was making his stealthy approach. ' I'll get under the steps and hear what they are talking about so earn estly,' muttered the intruder; 'it may be of use to'me.' A few cautious steps brought him to the desired shelter, and he stood with his head almost on a level with the Coor above. Archer and his . betrothed were discussing the theme that at present possessed the most absorb ing interest for them-the de termination of Mr. Rosiere to prosecute the search for the fortune left by Calderon, and the listener heard enough to give as shrewd 'a man as he was a tolerably clear idea of the game Bodino intended to play for what end he could imagine; but Martinez resolved in his own mind that he would not leave the place that night till he had fathomed Bodine's motives. Half an hour passed away, and then Aimee rose and said 'I must go in, Guy. Papa would scold me if he knew I lingered thus late with you. Poor papa, I am so sorry for him, that I would not for the world do anything to vex him.' The two moved slowly towards the open door, and after a brief delay dis appeared within; the eaves-dropper drew a long breath, stretched his limbs, and moved swiftly towards the sheltered seat on which he had left Pasco.e. The light still burned in Bodine's wiridow, and Martinez sat 'down beside his comrade, and whispered 'It's lucky I scouted, for the girl was on the gallery talking with the young fellow they say she's going to marry. . They wasn't making love though, for the .poor things have something more important to think of. I can't explain here,.Pascoe, but that man in yonder is a black villain. The money he found yesterday don't belong to him, but to these people here, and he's going to set the old man digging for what he has already got in his own possession.' 'I thought he was up to some rascality,' replied the mate, in the same guarded tone. 'But what are you going to do about it ?' 'I don't see my way exactly yet. I don't want to do a good turn by Rosiere, because he injured me long ago, and I have. not forgiven him it. B3esides, it'll be for my interest to make terms with the other fellow. Hist! How quick the ears of a guilty man are! He heard something he can't account for, and there he is at the window again.' Bodine again peered out into the night, and returned to the table, satisfied that he had been mistaken in supposing anyone was in the garden below. His gold still lay upon the table, and ne was engaged in maKlng an accurate copy of the cipher he had invented that day. He had taken out his pistols, and laid them near I him, and so deeply was his mind occupied with the schemes that filled it that he was unconscious of what I was happening in that part of the room towards which his back was turned. There was a recess on that side, over which hung a chintz curtain. On first, entering the apartment that night, Bodine had looked behind the curtain, and .finding nothing there except a swinging shelf, with a few books upon it, he dropped the folds and thought no more about the place, which at first sight seemed to him a fitting hiding-place for a burglar or assassin. If he had examined it more closely, he would have seen that thp shelves concealed a door' which led into the the vault below. It fastened with a spring, the secret of which was well known to the man who had ofcen found excess to the place even when the lower part of the house was kept securely locked. Now that there was nothing to guard, the store-rooms were rarely fastened, and Martinez had little difficulty in penetrating to the interior of the room, without the slightest suspicion on -Bodine's part that he was open to intrusion after once locking the door that opened into the hall. Martinez had taken off his shoes, and after peering through the curtains, he moved lightly across the floor, and looked over the shoulder of Bodine to see what absorbed him so utterly ; at the same time he stole his hand cautiously to the pistols, grasped them and turning one of them towards the unconscious Bodine, in a deep, stern voice, said 'One word, and you are a" dead man. I have business to settle with you, and your best plan is to be quiet.' Bodino started up, and for a moment his face grew white, but he commanded his voice to ask ' Who are you, and how did you get into my room ? If your object is to rob me, I suppose you belong to the gang of miscreants from whom I so narrowly escaped this morning.' ' I did not come to steal that money lying there, as you seem to think; but if I was to rob you of it, it would be no nmore than you have done by others. Ain't that true, now, Mr. Bodine ?' Bodine had rapidly measured the stalwart intruder, and saw" that if a struggle took place, strong as he was, there was but little doubt as to which would be victor, even without the advantage of firearms on the other side. A gleam of sudden light came into his face as he noticed the sailor's costume, and the air of command, which told him that the very man he wished to see was here before him. 'When Martinez pronounoed his name, he cooly said ' Put down that pistol, if you please, and let us talk together. I under stand now; you are the captain of the brig that lies at anchor in the cove, but how you discovered my name is a mystery to me. If you had not sought me, 1 intended to have sought you, as I have business to entrust to you that will pay better than smug gling goods; ' May be it will-may be it won't,' was the sententious reply. ' I've got something .to say to you, too, that'll surpise you a little, perhaps, so I'll put these barkers on one side, where neither you nor me can get hold of them. It isn't to your intrest, nor to mine, to have a row in this house, so I can trust you to act gentleman-like.' Suiting the action to the word, he laid the weapons, on the dressing stand, and drawing a chair in front of it, sat down in such a position as to guard them from any approach on thp part of Bodine, With a slight sneer, the latter sank upon his own seat, and said 'I shall make no outcry unless you attack me, and that, I suppose, is not your purpose. Pray explain your words, for I cannot imagine 'what business yon can have for me, unless you have come hither as the agent of the men who attempted to rob me last night, and to take my life this morn ing' ' An awkwardly-managed job that,' was the dry reply; 'the usual way with such fellows is to kill first and confiscate afterwards. I've not come here as the agent for anybody; I'm acting for myself alone.' : ' Ah-h, indeed! then pray en lighten me as to the object of this rather unusual way of making a call on a gentleman.' There was in his manner and tone such an air of insolent superiority that Martinez felt his hot blood rising,' and angrily repeated- 'Gentlemen, indeed! You are" a nice specimen of such gentry, to be sure!' There lies the gold belonging to another man, that you have stolen from it's hiding-place, and the rest of the plunder is stitched up in that coat you've got on. Deny it if you dare Bodine became pale as death, but he said 'That money is my own, given to me by the man who once owned it, and it's hiding- place was revealed to me when he lay on his death-bed. I know now that you. must be one of the smuggling gang that attempted such a silly device to frighten me yesterday afternoon; but you came on the scene too late. I had secured all I came for, and baffled the robbers who would have taken it from me.' 'How could a dying man give you what did not belong to himself? That money is the property of Mr. Rosiere, as you know already. You've found it. and yet you're tempting him to dig in search of it, as I heard to night. Now I came here to find out what game you're up to, and Im not going to leave this room till you've explained matters. The situation was so unprecedent that, for a few moments, Bodine was at a loss what course to pursue. That this man was not a vulgar ruffan like those he had encountered he plainly saw; that he had come for a purpose which he intended to carry out, lihe also saw; and after a few moments of perturbed thought, he said ' A large portion of what I found is owned by Mr. Rosiere;. and it is that he is so anxious to recover as to attempt almost anything that pro mises to lead to success. There Jies the money, and I will give you his portion, and the half of my own, to serve me in the way I shall indicate hereafter.' 'Where are the diamonds? Where are the bonds you took away ? They are worth over forty thousand pounds, and if you'd say a half ol that sum, perhaps I'd listen to you, and agree to do what you want done.' ' Twenty thousand!' gasped Bodine, 'the man must be mad !' 'I've got your own hand to prove what I say,' was the cool reply, and the captain took from his pocket the papers he had purloined from Bodine's saddle-bags. 'Here is your statement in black and white, with your name written in full upon the paper. That's how I came to know it.' A single glance at the writing sufficed to show Bodite that no denial would serve him, and he excitedly exclaimed 'You were the man that played the part of the ghost, and you took that memorandum while my horse stood unguarded near the road.' Martinez nodded with perfect cool ness, and said 'I was that man sure enough. You barked my arm, but it wasn't ang thing to speak of, and I bear you no malice on that account.' Bodine was silent several moments, and then abruptly asked .' What was your purpose in coming here to-night? Yrou are evidently th~e chief of the band of outlaws who infest this neighbourhood, and I can see but one object that you can have in view -to force me to pay something for the use of the hiding-place in which my friend concealed his fortune.' 'You're sharp enough to understand that, I see. Yes-you must pay toll according to the value of the treasure you took from our land; and if you want me to hold my peace to Mr. Rosiere, you've got to pay roundly for tlhat too.' 'Very well-name-your terms.. 'A thousand pounds of that gold there, and five per cent. on the rest of your plunder, to be paid over to my credit to a place I'll name, in six weeks from this date. Bodine angrily exclaimcd '?You are too extprtionate, Mir. Captain--?' ' Martinez, at your service,' blandly supplying the name. 'I'll not abate a penny, and you are not to forget the value of the diamondsin making your calculations.' ' Bodine stared at him a few moments, but seeing no sign of re lenting on his weather-beaten face, thought his best plan was to make another move, and show what service he wished performed, and name the price he was willing to pay for it. With some hesitation, he said That is a heavy sum to demand as a few months' rent.for a morsel of ground that, after all, does not belong to you. But I am not going to dispute the charge if you will keep your own counsel. Of course if I pay you this money Mr. Rosiere must not be enlightened as to this business?' ' Certainly; I understand that as part of the bargain. I have no call to enlighten him; for if it had not been for him, I should't now be toss ing about the world, with no certain harbour to anchor in. I can pay him back now, and I'll do it. I'd keep dark about that even ifI wasn't paid for it.' 'Stick to your word, captain, and it will be all the better for you. I-I am going now to make a proposal to you which will enable you to win a much larger sum than the one you named. But you must pledge your self to secrecy, and swear todo my will on the person of a man who is in my way.' ' If it isn't to kill I'll listen to you and see if it's worth while to do your bidding. If it's murder, I am not your man. I don't mind cheating the government, but when it comes to blood I'll have nothing to do with it' 'I don't ask such a service as that. Would you be willing to kidnap a young fellow, and hold him prisoner until you can find a vessel bound to the other side of the globe to ship him on? Send him to the East Indies, Australia, China, I don't care where, so he can be got out of the way for a year or two.' 'That is a different matter, and not very difficult to accomplish. Who is the man, and what am I to get for taking him out of the way ? ' (To be Contihnued.) 