Notes and Notions BY "VIGILANT." A VETERAN OF THE TURF. Mr. F. Dicker Hamilton. Who amongst racing men did not lknow cheery, chatty Dicker Hamilton, whose presence in the paddock at Rand- wick and Flemington will this spring be missed for the first time during the past decade? Well set up, nattily dressed, the gentlemanly semi-sporting and soldier- like figure must have been familiar to every regular race-goer in Australia. Better known to the outside sporting public as a racy writer under the nom de plume of "Nimdod's Ghost" and' "Tout Cela," Mr. Hamilton for many years contri- buted to the sporting Press of Australia, and his death, which occurred at Sydney last week, has severed another link 'twixt the sportsmen of the old school and the present period. Born near Brighton, in Sussex, about the year 1819, Fred Dicker as a boy soon towered above his fellows in almost every department of outdoor sports; at running, leaping, prisoners' base, and cricket he was facile princeps - the champion of the school. At Cambridge - for Dicker was a 'Varsity man - he established for himself a reputation as the crack bat and oars- man of his college, and when, about the year 1851, he landed in South Australia, he was probably the best all round amateur athlete in Australia. Old sporting men well remember how easily, under the nom de course of "The Adelaide Stag," he won a score of foot races, and was at last beaten by a crack pedestrian named Manuel, on the St. Kilda-road, in a match for a couple of handled a-side. After sojourning some years in Victoria, Mr. Hamilton crossed the straits and settled in Tasmania, where for several years he contributed to Bell's Life - the first sporting journal, I believe, published in Australia; and in the little island he soon gained for himself the respect and esteem in which ho has always been held by all racing men. In New Zealand, whither he travelled some twenty years back, he commenced to take an active part in horse racing, and himself rode and owned some of the best steeplechasers that ever took a fence in Maoriland. As clerk of the course to the Victoria Racing Club at Flemington, a position he occu- pied for some years, Mr. Hamilton re- newed his acquaintance with the Vic- torian racing world, and I am told he in- variably made a practice of following a steeplechase field home across country, taking the fences some little distance behind the last horse. For the past few years fortune had not smiled kindly on the subject of this little sketch, he raving been particularly un- lucky in racing and other speculations; but, no matter how low his own pocket might have been, Mr.. Hamilton, who was charity personified, always contrived to find half-a-crown for one or other of the "pensioners" - men whom he had known in better circumstances . The writer well remembers how, three or four years back, a broken down squatter, since deceased, used to weekly waylay Mr. Hamilton to solicit "the price of a dinner," which he invariably got. "I remember that chap in Tasmania nearly thirty years back, when he was worth as many thousands as I am shillings, and when he used to drive a coach and four right across country, over hedges and ditches or any other obstacle he met with, when on the burst," said Mr. Hamilton to me one day, pointing to the ex- squatter in Swanston-street. In three prominent Sydney racing men — the Hons. John Eales and E. K. Cox, and Mr. Andrew Town — he had three staunch friends, only one of whom (Mr. Sales) has survived him. I may men tion, en pas. ant, that it was in connec tion with Mr. Bales' horse Comet that Mr. Hamilton "lost a thousand pounds,"' as he expressed it, " by a nose." He had backed the double, Sting and Comet, for a Urgiih WUke, and having a " leg in " with the first-named horse stood to win £1090 to nothing about Comet, who was just beaten in the by Masquerade, then the Bandy. Piggott and Charlie Roberts. Nearly fifty years back Mr. Hamilton served as an officer in the Austrian army, in which capacity he more than once "smelt powder. An ardent Conservative from his birth, he, when a, resident of Geelong some years since, took a prominent part in electioneering matters, and rigidly op- posed anything approaching radicalism. For the last year or so Mr. Hamilton's health was gradually breaking, and, now that the end has come, his widow and children are altogether unprovided for. A inscription on their behalf has been opened in Sydney, where a number of Melbourne racing men are now eongre- gateA I need hardly add that any assist ance forwarded to this office for his widow, and children will be acceptable; and it would be a graceful action on the Jwt of many of his clients who, in past liave deri vedprofit and amusement tab'jjrjpbt Cola's' writings to forward » aubaenjition Tor His famffv, as a sb'dht tribute to the father's memory. 