BO1HOAS OF MFBLBONUBRE. (By Tir OGRsT.) 'And we carry on the same old game," is the refrain of a well known comic song, which might with singular appropriateness just now be sung by honourable members of the Legislative Assembly. The new 'Licensing Bill comes up for discussion nightly with a persistent regularity that can hardly fail in calling to mind the cloyed disgust of tlie French gourmet at the ever recurring partridge. Yet despito the unyielding manner in which Mr. Service keeps his followers up to the mark, and insists upon a consider able portion of each Parliamentary sitting being devoted to what Mr. Mlntslini would assuredly have styled "the lesmnition grind," but slow progress is mado with the measure. About a third If the bill- if we reckon the number of clauses that constitute the magnus opus of the Ministry--bas been dealt with, and as this stage has only been reached by lint of postponing discussion on some of the most important principles of the bill, anumber of promises by the Attorney Geueral to bring down noew clauses to meet tho views of some of the opponents, of the bill, and some considerable coceessions on the part of the Government, there is not much to boast of in the way of legislative work performed. It must have been with arhigh sense of relief the, Assembly turned from the publican to the Trades' Unionist, and lhstened to Mr. Deakin while he moved the first reading of tihe long-promised Factories Bill, over tihe non-mntroduetion of which, atan earlier pieriod of the session, Mr. Berry was so roughly handled by his erstwhile Trades' Hall admirers, and voted a "humbug" and "an old fraud" by the representatives of the "'orny-'anded sons of toil," who were wont to worship the Chief Secretary as par sscelle,. "the. friend of the working ,.,an." The Government was also able to snatch an hour in which to discuss the estimates, during which a couple of the departments were rushed through, albeit several irrelevant matters were introduced, one being a sham motion to compel the Harbour Truist to liurchase all its appli ances in the colony, and the other the grievance of a dismissed railway official, who unavailingly souight to obtain the redressal of his wrongs through the cum brous means of a select committee. To the close observer there are not wanting signs and portents which betokon that the fiat has gone forth, and that ere the completion of another parliamentary session the Coali tion Ministry will be numbered with the last. The disintegrating process, so to speak, has commenced in the Ministerial ranks. Mr. Kerferd voting for the prohi bitory resolution of Mr. A. T. Clark is to put the matter mildly, an exhibition of senile silliness, leading to the inevitable conclusion that the Government has ireached the period of existence known as "second childhood," which in te lhuman race is the cu?trin forerunner of approach ing dissolution, and each night's debate allords numerous instances of honourable members " talking over the heads of Par liament," and preparing themselves for the change which they intuitively feel is impending. Petitions in connection with the Licens ing Hill are still being presented to the Assembly. With regard to these docu ments, it is worthy of remark that while the Wesleyan body has been unanimous and most enthusiastic in support of the measure, the Church of England has shown a large amount of apathy, and the Roman Catholic body has not presented a single petition. There has always been in the minds of the irreverent at all events such a close association between good whisky and orthodox Presbyterianism, that it is hardly to be wondered at that a wide dif ference of opinion exists amongst the denomination in reference to the bill. Some congregations have petitioned against the measure, while others have signed documents approving of its provisions. The value of these signactrco i, huwever, liable to a heavy discount, when it is borne in mind that nearly all the auto graphs are those of persona who have well stocked cellars of their own, and whose allowance of " grog" would not be diminished by a single drop were every public-house in Victoria closed to- morrow. The enquiry by the committee appointed to investigate certain complaints made by the inmates of the Melbourne Benevolent Asylum has ended in a " fizzle." Not one of the grumblers could screw his or her courage to the sticking point when afforded the opportunity of airing their grievances. lira. Hubbard, at whoso in stance the enquiry was held, was unable, through her proteges, to substantiate a single case of cruelty, neglect, or mis conduct on the part of the officials. When in the Board-room of the institution ready to substantiate her charges, tihe busy lady philanthropist must have found her self very much in the position of her namesake, immortalised in nursery rhyme. "When she got there, her cupboard was bare" of all proof. None of the poor old inmates would come forward to corrobo rate the "yarns" poured into Mrs. Hub bard's too willing ears, and the sensational stories of patients robbed while in their death agonies, and the packing of their bodies nto cofins too' small to contain them without breaking their bones to ensure a good fit, still lack confirma tion, Bakers who use alum and don't weigh their bread may now possess their souls in peace. An act has been passed which will effectually spoil the lucrative profession of the " informor" by enacting that all fines and penalties-which have in the pst been his perquisites-shall be paid into the general revenue. We may hence forth expect, as a result of this most recent step in legislation, that the so-called" two Pound loaf" will turn the scale at one pound six ounces. If the story told by the officers of one of the largest steamers running between IMelbourne andNeow Zealand be not one concocted for the special behotof "the marines," a new and ever increasing Cto Ze ger to those " wio go down p isea st repo.. s een discovered. It is assorted that the compasses or o,, ',ssel were so serioresly nffected by tire 5lel'impr~oe a lady passenger on Set: sblp was diverted from her .rue course, and but for the aeci a,,tal discor y, oby tihe captain, t r," cedle, the vessel wold have ,do of .ali agr...ro.d. Although. the cturo thn affsir may not lie strictly scurlth , there is no doubt a great deal of gr?t in thei story. Was not England's as lst naval hero, tie victor of Trafailgar hi Oeri.°pgnhag, well nigh bror'ht to ie Iy Lady faslt itonp History ss silent ba, whether thie fair friend of tle gallant \- n ddr dil not wear a" crisruletto, " cut eortius it is tusk Irnd the New Ze~alrnd OInUaonder conme to grief, lie would not woul een Singular in his misfortune. His OSild not ihIve been the first instance of a co'r bcing got into a scrape by a" pstti e'il or for that matter a lanoudsman Amuong'tire theatrical noticesof one of 0e nuotropolitan "weeklies" appears the "Oouoceouent that " some bears sire por o inrmig in the suburbs of Melbourne." A yltcal friend suggests that there is evi eartly a"topographiical" error somewhere, ,aOlr Parliam*nt Houses are certainly not 5 lnO suburbs." eolplo are beginning to ask tihemselves or tire "piquant " revelations, which at to the result of tie invaestigationus o1h ited by tho"special commissioner" . licertain metropolitan daily journal ?tue lliras set itself the task of looking te il e morals of thie public, are to see ?lo ght. It may perhaps tend to remove ,oed deal of anxiety to announce that pe prumised erjoss lias been postpouned '.a ~ i .A very .rsory investigation Ssuleient to reveal tie fact that , number of the persons of whom the goody goody" paper is the recognisod organ would be " implicated," and deeming, discretion the better part of valour, the conductors of the journal ra solved to keep their discoveries to them selves, and draw a veil over the wickedness they had at one time threatened to expose. All that is known for certain is that enough evidence was obtained to show that the sooner the Criminal Law Amendment Bill, which is the title of the measure re cently passed by the imperial Legislature for the protection of young females, is placed upon the Victorian Statute hook the better will it be for the budding womanhood of Victoria. 'lhe number of "strikers" is on the in crease. In addition to the tinsmiths, the ranks of the voluntarily unemployed has been owelled by recruits from the tailors and the bootmakers. The newest thing in strikes is, however, that of the Chinese cabinetmakers. "John" wants higher wages, and, following the example of his European fellow colonists, has determined to enforce his demands by "a strike," and yet theio are people still ready to iaintain that "the heathen Chinse" is not amenable to the influenices of western civilisation. September 21: 