NEWMARKET HANDICAP. TBv S. M.I ' Welcome Jack' was the remark expressed by a Countryman, accompanied by his sou, \ who was, of course, a Country Boy, to a ; stranger from Bonnie Scotland, who was sit- \ ting on a Colstoun the evening prior to the : race near Flemington. After a little conver- \ sation was indulged in, it became very dark, j wnen one or tne party, to his surprise, re- i marked that he could see Tlie Ghost of his \ Little Sister ; when the other two exclaimed — i Too Too, what stuff. Not a very long time ? elapsed before a brilliant Meteor was seen, which shot out like a Rocket, and it was not long ere the party experienced a terrific Hurricane, when they quickly made, as they thought, for Newmarket, but having taken the wrong road by Mistake, they were rather | puzzled, particularly on the occasion of such a j I stormy night, and also as they had agreed to { witness Silver King at the Royal in Mel' I bourne; journeying along they observed a light at a distance, which proved to be a Lantern attached to a Velocipede ridden by a goldier Boy who had just left bis First Love. The 'party evidently were pleased in meeting: : the stranger, and thought it a very Lucky Hit, as he promised to put them on the rig-lit road and accompany them to the hotel, where they had decided to remain for the night, although they preferred the Town Moor to that place. Having arrived at their destination after a good drenching, they partook of some Waverley ales brewed near that city of fires — Adelaide. Adjoining the place was a concert- hall, in which the travel lers were interested in some selections composed by Mozart, by a person playing on a Paganini violin, accompanied by a Cor(o)net. The per formers left off about 10 o'clock, as Lord Wilton and King of the Gipsies had already retired to rest ? for the night. The visitors afterwaids found their way to a side parlor, where they met a jolly Royal Irishman, and quickly making friends, some discussions arose re specting one of the greatest short distance races of 1885. One of the party fancied Ghloe, but was immediately interrupted by another, who was never able to say his Alphabet at school, M'ho asked if this is the woman whom he had heard, something of at the Art Gallery in South Australia, and par ticularly wanted to know did she ever Duenna thing wrong for the people to talk about her so much. This being explained to tlie thick head, and getting close to midnight, the com pany made for their roosts, all of whom slept soundly excepting a mope, who dreamt that he saw Mr. Tom Ivory's Surrey, ridden by Nicholson, pass the winning post first, amidst great excitement, and Topaz, The Ghost, Sir Garnet, Little Sister, and the Broker were all of a bunch fighting it out for places. 