A Ponderous Slipper. George has for some time been attentive to a young lady, whom lie has noticed on several evenings when he called busily en gaged on a beautiful piece of embroidery, which, perhaps accidentally, or perhaps com paring it with the size of his own foot, he had concluded was one of a pair of slippers that were, no doubt, intended for a present; and George had once or twice allowed him self to wander into a pleasing suspicion that they were intended for him, although nothing had really transpired to justify such a belief. lWhen quietly seated near his enchalnress, watching her taper fingers gracefully toying with the gossamer threads, and each move ment adding a new beauty to the fabric, he had more than once allowed himself to revel in blissful contemplation of the pleasure he would feel at having his tiny feet encased in those lovely sandals, and how, on retiring to his room on cold winter evenings, he could sit in front of a cheerful fire, and hold sweet communion with those masterpieces of art, realising the while that they were the pro duct of the one he adored above all wordly things besides. George is not naturally poetical, but some thing about these slippers and their associa tions awakened a sentimental feeling in him, in spite of his natural inclination. Well, one Friday evening George called for the third time during the week, and as usual the slipper was progressing finely. It was held up for his inspection, and lie pronounced it beautiful, this being perhaps the thousandth time he had expressed the same sentirrent. But some evil genius putit into poor George's head to be inquisitive. He was fully sure the slippers were in tended for him, but lie was anxious to draw the acknowledgement from the dear angel who was laboring so industriously for his benefit, and he was not unwilling to draw in the same connection another implied ac knowledgement of her devotion for Lim. Of course he began cautiously. "Someone you are very fond of is to ibe come the possessor of those slippers, I im agine ?" said he. " What slippers do you refer to ?" inquired the fair laborer. "\VWhy, those you are working on so in dustriously," replied George. " Slippers I" almost shouted his astonished companion. " Slippers ! Do you mean to tell me that you took this for a slipper ?" " Why not?" returned George, inadver tently moving one of his ponderous pedal ap pendages. The movement, though unintentional, drew the lady's attention to George's feet, where sire gazed a moment, and then at the sup posed slipper. Then, raising her eyes to our hero. sire said " W~ell, George, you are not so much to blame, afterall; but this was really intended for a sofa cushion." The cab-horse difficultyis becoming serious. Last week a gentleman was taken ill in a cab, and before the cab horse could drag him to the nearest hotel for brandy, lie expired. Now hotels in Australia are so close to each other that that horse could not have had far to drag tire vehicle and its sick occupant ! Ilence we arrive at the moral that "screws" and "Ecrew drivers" militate against the public welfare. Some remedy must be found for that cab-horse dilliculty I The following beautiful verse is from a poem containing 146 equally intelligible and consequently exquisite stanrzas, sent by a lady: "Even yet the immaculate schism Glimmers on through the ultimate dawn, And the scintillant life of the prism, Ere it falters and fades and is gone, Harkens hence, while the primal hereafte (With fever of glamorous pain) Is hushed by the ghost of low laughter To slumber again.,. 