LELQARDE'S INHERITANCE. IN TWELVE CHAPTERS. CHAPTER XII. f i^/lttffirrr/*// \ ' Where is Mrs. Bracebridge ?' she aska.l in her clear voice, audible amid the roar of sounds. No one knew : the old woman slept in a higher story, and was so hard of hearing, that the noise had probably tailed to rovrn her. ' She must lie seen to,' said my sister ; ' go on, Joan, I will join you ;' and she spjd away before I could stop her. In another moment I found myself seized by a man's arm — the butler's as it turned out — and hurried along through smoke, and perilously close to flame, till blinded, breathless, and staggering, I felt the damp, cold air of night, and found myself among a dishevelled group out on the gravel sweep. And no Lelgarde. I was rushing back to seek her, when the butler forcibly held me back. ' For God's sake don't ma'am ! Look at the staircase.' The old oak burnt like tinder, and the hand rail was already burning. At that same instant I saw Lelgarde appear at an upper window — that of Mrs. Bracebridge's room-alone, her hair streaming, her arms stretched out. She was probably crying for help, but her voice was drowned. I turned away in despair, and found my hand seized by Mrs. Kracebridge, who, crying bitterly, sobbed out that she had escaped among the first, and ' Why, oh ! why, had the sweet young lady gone into danger for her ?' I shook her off, her tears infuriated me, and rushed up to some men who were bringing ladders. I pointed to the window, towards which the flames were already creeping, and implored them to lose no time. In one moment the longest ladder was fixed — agony ! it was far too short. Two ladders lashed together only reached to the heavy ledge which ran ran round the window immediately below — a ledge so narrow that it would barely give a foothold for an instant. Lelgarde evidently saw it, and read her doom ; she folded her hands. I knew she was pray ing ; I tried to pray too, but oh ! I could not. I could only send up one mighty cry of anguish. I felt a touch on my shoulder, and Harry's face, white and set, was close to mine. ' Is she there ?' he asked. I pointed up wards. ' I see,' and his eye measured the distance ; ' I think it will be all right,' he said ; and somehow I felt as if all were safe. There was a coolness in his eye, a steady resolve in his voice, like a tower of strength to rest on. One moment's hurried talk with the men, and then Harry, and one of the tallest of them, both mounted. What did they propose to do ? A gasp from the breathless crowd announced that they were at the top of the ladder. For some seconds I could not look ; but at last, forcing myself to raise my eyes, I saw the man mounted on the topmost rung, and supporting himself with his hands against the wall, while Harry, using his shoulders as a stepping-stone, swung himself' up to the window-sill, and dis appeared within the room. Lelgarde told me afterwards that, in her terror and bewilderment, and fear for his safety, she had implored him to leave her to her fate, but that when he answered uncere . moniously, ' Nonsense ! just let me put my arm around your waist, and shut your eyes !' she had felt that he was her master, and had done, unquestioning, what he had told her. Her instinctive trust in him gave her self control, and enabled her to be perfectly still during the dreadful moment when he lifted her down into the arms of the man who was wait ing to receive her ; and in a few seconds more I had her fast in mine, and felt her poor frizzed head testing on my shoulder. Oh 3 the comfort of feeling her safe, with her heart throbbing against my own ; but, in an instant, she started from me, to watch, with breathless anxiety, Harry's perilous descent. It was ni easy matter ; for precious moments had been spent in Lelgarde's rescue, and before the man could 'return to his assistance, smoke and flames were bursting from some of the windows fearfully near where he was. Lel garde hid her face again : 'P ray, - Joan, pray !' I heard her whisper withjtightened breath ; and pray I did .[with all my soul. It was not for the master of Alhel stanes, nor even for my Lalgarde's possible husband, but for Harry himself — the bright faced boy of last year— the prompt, vigorous man, our stay and comfort on this eventful night — that my heart was pouring itself out in earnest supplication. And our prayers were heard. Cool head, strong nerves, and stead fast spirit did their work, and he was with us again to meet our eager, thankful welcome, and to read the unmistakeablc affection on Lelgard's tearful face. She met him with out streatched hands — tried hard to thank him, but could not. ' Thank God !' was all she could niurmar, and he echoed it reverently, bowing his head. ' Poor old house !' was Lelgard^'s next remark ; ' I am afraid they are not saving much for you.' ** Hang the old house ! Let it go to blaz.-s, as it is going !' was his answer ; 4i I have got all I care to get oat of it. Lelgarde, lo lk me in the face. What good do you believe the house would do me, if you were not standing here, living, by my side ?' I beard no answer ; I only saw that the hands were clasped tight and tighter yet ; and then, in another instant, Harry was first among the workers, organising the efforts of the lire men just arrived from Trembleton, loo late to be of much use, dashing into the smoke again, and bearing out enormous weights as if they were feathers — warning away those who were venturing too near — shaking off burning flakes and drenching showers as if he did not feel them ; evidently quite changed in his opinion as to the value of what the old house contained. He took the command of everything, even more by dint of his natural superiority than iterance he was beginning to be recognised as master of Atnelstanes, and thankfully I ac knowledged him as the man that of ail others I should have chosen as a husband for my dar ling, and marvelled at the wondrous workings or Providence. The sun rose on a scene of ruin melancholy to look upon ; the trodden down paddock, the heaps of rescured valuables, the dreary, smoke blackened crowd ; and there stood Harry and Lelgarde, amid the smouldering wreck of their ancestral home — hand clasped in hand — the happiest of human creatures. Athelstanes has been rebuilt, and has been my happy home for many a year ; but the name of Atheling has passed away for ever. Harry utterly refused to give up the one that bad been bis father's, and I am not sure ihat at the bottom of her heart Lelgarde bad not a secret dread that Miss Etheldreda would find it impossible,' under such circumstances, to rest in her grave ; for she still half believes that she was really visited by the spirit of the poor mother, who could not be at peace till the vrrong had been righted, and her son estab lished in his inheritance. Harry and I smile, and hold our own belief — a solitary piece of disloyalty to our queen, whose dignity increases as her girlish grace declines. Be that as it may. no angry ghosts wander about Athel stanes now ; perhaps they are scared away by the merry noises that resound through hall and corridor, perhaps appeased by the everin ceasing tribe of true Atheling faces that lift up blue eyes in solemn 'wonder to such of the family portraits as have survived the fire. That of Hilda Atheling is not among the number, and it is better so ; better that her memory should gently fade away, and the story of sorrow and evil-doing should be laid at rest for ever in her quiet grave. THE END. 