MALDON LUCUBRATIONS. A casual visitor to Maldon stepping from the verandah at Mr. Pettitt's Hotel and landing himself on the ruad-way, would naturally imagine that the Shire Councillors of Maldon require a considerable ainouut of instruction in the 'ethics of tlie Local Government Act, regarding the statutory "depth 01 the* kerbing. It appears to me that it would be advisable to alter this inadvisable state oi things, or ain scrtue' future occasion a jjoor fellow mav sniash liis neck or his leg, and his disconsolate widow on the one part, or faiinself on* the other, would have a most excellent action for damages. • '• , A resident of-a town'-not-100 miles from Maldon, was sadly addicted to the cup that inebriates; as wail as cheers: On one occasiou when the gentleman referred to arrived at his domicile, trying to open the doar with his pipe instead of his latch-key, his wife appeared, on the scene, and after stoutly upbraiding him for his misconduct, remarked " that the devil would assuredly have hiin yet." - On tie next diy Ae pur- chased a small black pig, and having no stye put him in the parlour, in which was a child's chair. The husband, (who of course shall be nameless), came home in the same old drunk, and on striking a light observed the pig who had thrust his head through the hole in the chair, and was gallivanting about the room at Melbourne Cup late. The apparition scared my friend, and from that day he has sworn that he has seen the very devil himself, and not a.tdrop of liquor will' he ever again consume^. •'". A well known burly brewer's traveller' has evidently not taken'his holiday at the proper time, for judging from his prowess' with the guti, I-should imagine he ought to be with bis Maldon compatriots in Melbourne. Just fancy, he fired four shots at a rabbit,' and to'all intents and purposes landed him, but alas ! for the vanity of mundane things, on going- to pick up bunny, the cunning little beggar took a lunar at hiui and cleared like a red-shank, leaving the "Springs" mah more "skeart" than if he had seen a ghost. Talking of shooting, how are the mighty fallen. Wherefore hear we not of the victories of Prid. the son of O, and of A1111'the son of Aighl Verily they evidently have been licked, and Maldon will be disconsolate at the non success of the distinguished contingent who went to do battle for the town. Truly in this case the race is not to the swift. Never mind, better luck next time. 