Correspon ence. (MIr do not hold onrrceIVe responsrble fnr tlhC oplinlos e.rpressed by our correspondetra.) LAY PItEACIIING. (To the Editor of "The Standard.)" hir, - Non.ordlin, d proclaimers of thor Gospel appear to acnet upon your correspon dent, " larlaam," in the same manner as the proverbial red rag on a bull. Did it evwr strike him that the greater part of the Noea 'Testament was written by illiterate men, who "spake as they w.re moved by the Holy Ghost 7" Leaving out the writings of lPaul,. wh,, "sat at the feet of Gamaliel." and of Luke the phys'cian--of whom did the re maining authors receive their education? Fishermen, tax-gatherers, &c..; they almost all walked in the humblest rank of life, and that, too, inl the days when the ou lines of reading and writing were known but to s select few. On " Ilalnsm's' principle, what right had such men to set up to teach the world 2 Was it not the heiciht of presulrrrtion ?' It is true. they were in so doinrg obe;vinig their Lord and Master ; iL is als tric thirt "the spirit gave them IttveraIce ;" above aill, it is true, that they gloried inl nothing "save the cross of Christ." Hlt this is not sufflicient for such as "' Ialasnl ;" clonsien? ell, dt, tile piromptings of the Hloly Spirit--all rire to be ig:lorcrl IIiIIei-. tile I man w iho is ifftcetert thrrebv is possesesed of I1hi cenlturty "cul chairh 1'" It is a good thing for thei world that " 1alanan'" hollow Christianrity is not the I powr w\hich illnelllln:es such imen as Glordon in times of morrtal peril ; such men, inldeed, wourrl never exist. "A 'ilarin," in your last Issue, writes a venomousr II ter, in whichl hle advertlises his own spiritual prride nnlt pharisaical hIe'rt. Tlo this finely constituted mind, tile corrct prornuniatini of words is of far more imrportur ince than, the (tlipeir rnsssageo, however zeloursly it nry be delivered, and howevrer truly huinmble the messenger may be!I "' 1toe inito you I sectilwe and tharistces, hypo C:rites ! for ye strain at a grist and swallow a. ceoall]r . Ye shalll receive the greater dIirmna tion." This is the Master's verrlict.-Yours, etc., I 0011. TILL. L 