A Frisky Grandpa, (From 'Peck's Suobeams.^, I understand that your father is sick, said a middle-aged man to anotl;er, as tfeey were ltmcnmg at the club one daj-of this- woek Getting pretty well along-in 'years, isn'-b he ? Yes, he is orer 80, and he knows more-than any- man I ever saw,' said the one addressed. 'You can't fell him anything.' 'Well that is. nice. It must bB-plea3ant to- nave a tatner who is bo well posited. Wha* : does his great intelligence seem to ran to-P? Oh, everything,' said the son of ihisiatier, ; He does not realise that he is over 35 .years old, and he wants- to do everythingrthat he did , when he was young. Ho weighs almost three :mmdrea, and gets- around with a cane;, and' ,ean-t walk a blook in an hour, and - yet the .other day he took a notion he wanted to side ion. heisebaok, and; ordered the coachman, to : saddle- up one of the carriage horses. I happened along just as he had climbed upon Muj-woolshed to get on the horse, and I&new; 'Jmi »-*T £ot 0B ^^ horse he would: |iaU.-off and I spht wide open, so I tried to reason. ! with, lnaa, but he was mad and said I didn't jwant him to have any fun, and when I helped1 iumidown and talked pleasant to him, fie cried!, land said it was hard to have an undutiful. son .that would ga book on his father. Oh, he is in. lii* second ohildhood, but he does- not realise it, poor man. He used to skate about ?seventy years ago, and you couldn't make hum .Believe he-oooldn't skate as well to-day. The ;coaohman thinks tho oia man runs the house-, and Me wiH do anything father says. The other day thefamily heard a orash up-staira, as though, the-roof had fallen in, and they want? up.to-grandpa's room and found him sittinKon. the f∨ oryiag. He said he had raken down.m'an. epUeptio fit, and had been there two .hours, andi nobody had como to see what was- the matter. He Baid he might die and nobody would cam. 1MV -oHfi, t-^ia hun.iie must have been faying to do some thin^-- unusual; but he said it was no such, a ?thing. They called in tha cooohmart.to iif ?^iL ^m- and ^ lt wa8 developed that-father had oa my son's roller skates, which he -had- induced the coachman to strap on his feet; When told! that he was too old and fafcto skatey.he said he eould skate just as well aa ho ever- could; r£- we- would lot him alone and not bo so. afraid ho- would have any enjoyment ^', iv- *»- a. areas trial to do righi by him, beoauss he- thinks we do everything to spite him- He tea no judgment about eating, and: it we suggest that ho ought not to eat a certain tbmgj. ho thinks we are trying to starve him, and lie will, eat everything in sight. Duriai? the watermelon, and cucumber season it is-a picnic; I. don't know how he does it, but he discovers the fired watermelon and cuoumber of. tho -season, and for four months there is hardly a- day but he is doubled up like a iooU' knife -witb-fiholera. infantum. I don't say as he emoya cholera-monbus, but Ithink he has an idea thafewo don't want him tohavo oholera morlus andao^he has it to- spite us. He may bo tied up '.with-. a- double bow-knot with cramps one day;, and the next, day when he opens -on. oucumbettjeiflaskhim. if he don't think it-is beetito gtv-o -his panjandrum a rest one day and refrain fsom tho-oucuiaber, he will be indie na-at/ andi say he don't want no fool boy to tell.a man of his age- what to eat ; and when. ne-.-is- in. the ? throes o£ death from eating suoh. stuff) he-will Bay he can't imagine, for the life of-himy what has- got into him to bo siok so. rnaeh-, ag-he has always been healthy. HI allude to.watewnelon or ououmber, he wdllisavr tHose things never hurt him, and he will.lay. it to. some-pie,- or custardi, or something', or. say be--boliovtfs- somebody wants to get rid o£'hii4 on»- h» -*? being- slowly poironed. Ea- had lather dio- than, take a bath. He soems- to think, we- -want to drown him. He thinks evorvbodtr. thafc nntla ^man tr. a«,. l,: ? ? i when the door bell rings he gets, ready to go. down- to the parlour, and. no .matter whov is. there, he hobbles- in, aud Rhakes. hands with everybody, and says, tfoey are very kind to.cull on an old man.wUo.don't havoany comfort. He ohews tobaoco . and he : will go-into.tho porloui when my vdfoj»as-2hdy -callars, and take off tho top of toe coall stove .and.Bpifcin.tho reservoir, and oompisin ofc' the ,unlaindin«ss of tiesenew-fashionedatovos. and Ktalk about how huiuly old-fashioned ftre-itlaces usod to , bo to sKity in. Oh, sometimes he-makes jmy wife wish lie were dead, but bhie- is verv jland to him. Sho kicked onoo last summer though She has consented to Ha-goingrabout i^his shirt-Blaeves, becusehe hatesto.puton ;a.ooat, andi he says that ho alwftvsJid so in ^.»- ..tM1»-D.DOKta uuu always wui; isut one day last summer* when it wao-hot; lio-was in hisroom,with, nothing on but. hiss- shirt and drawors, when the- bell rang, andifloma high :tonod ladies aalled about some -church, matter. The old- (rentioman was in a.W,. for fear theywoul4got away boforo he-couldlfind out whaa thoy wore talking about;, so ho- grabbed, hia. oane and eame limring, down stairs., my wife, hoaoid him, andi snoko vnrr, jpleasanUy saying : ' Come- right ia (grandpa ?-? To- say that »randtoa. came rigS |in woulj not te enough. ' H»-\omed up ia !tha_ partour ^or, like a ghost-,, with a smjto on his-faoo-andBomemustanelon, seeds on hia !™der.*.w ana said, M.he walied uptea icSgniiiBdi lady who was near-sighted : ' Wall ?walli I an glad to ue&, you.'' . B suppose a»y wife- oamo near going into, a eonuiption, fit. , Poor olid: man, he had ieen in, suoh a hurry ho had fcrgotten hiB pints.. Ko. didn't ltaow ? what made the ladies adfpurn so quiclt but ; when, they were gono, and my wfe began to I give. Bun a piece of her.mit.di ngood big^pioco. iho admitted that weriiaps. lie was wronff in coimni- downstairs fflmt vniy, tut he criod and ! said there didn't anybody vomt him asound at 1 \ a^^.thon my wife {tsl* sorry forMm and {'»?'' ''». »m no wont back to his. room to (wood over his wrongs. I supposo -wo havo nil got to grew olflsome. tioau, but I don't never want to bo so old that I will go down to the parlour to soe company without anw pants oii. Doyouf * 'No,' «aid iha listener, 'and I don't wantto Ml myself eating ouomubors ;' ana the luiwh being over tie two middle-aKed men put on their ooats and want out.— MilumHkcc Sun. Aster the Play.- Miss B. : ' So you -wont to the thoatro lost ovouuig'i' Misi O.- 'Yes and haatmoh a lovely time.' ' Aco an^ noted .aotroBeas in tho oompany ?' ' Eeully, 1 did not notico. Stomgo/ What was tl» play-f The pby was-let-mo-see.- Too bad !' I^oiiot to look at tho programme,' 'You Ain't know what tho play was f 'No; you see I Was with a thoatro party,' Ayouho tenor obtained a hearing before a director of one ot tho provtioial thoatrcs. Ho sang, but tho manager Btoppod him at the end of three or four notes. ' Very well/ lie said 'loave mo your address and I will think of you il it should.happon— _? - What do you mean by 'if tt should hjpponrVtateiruptod tho happen, to W ? .v .^jy. .«j ^ rfd engage yon to ory '-Vir».'» i 