Bret Harte's New Story in the 'Argonaut.' ' A Ship of Forty-nine.' (Continued from Saturday's issue.) IV.— (Continued.) ^Neteetheless, Mr. Sleight sat down and at once abstracted himself so com pletely a8 to bo apparently in utter oblivion of the man who entered. Ho ?was lithe and Indian-looking, bearing in dress and manner the careless slouch without tho easy frankness of the sailor. ' Well ?!' said Sleight, without looking up. ? ? ? ' ' I was only waiting to know if you tad any news for:me, boss ? ' 'News?; echoed Sleight,, as if ab aently ; ' news of what ?' ' That little matter of the Pontiac we talked about, boss,' returned tho Las car, with' an uneasy servility in the whites of his teeth and eyes. ' Oh,' said Sleighb, ' that played out ; it's a regular fraud. It's an old fore castle yarn, my man, that you can't reel off in the cabin,' The sailor's face darkened. * The man who was looking into it has thrown the whole thing up. I tell you it's played out !' repeated Sleight, with out raising his head. 'It's true, boss — every word,' said the Lascar, with an appealing insinua tion that seemed to struggle hard with savage earnestness. 'You can swear me, boss ; I wouldn't lie to a gentleman like you. Tour man hasu't half looked, or else — it must be there, or' ? ' That's just it,' said Sleight slowly ; ?'who's to know that your friends haven't been there already ? Thai ?seems to have been your style.' 'But no one knew it but me, until I told you, I swear. I ain't lying, toss, and I ain't drunk. Say — don't give it up, boss. That man of yours ?likely don't believe it, because he 'don't iknow anything about it. 1 do — I could :findit.' A silence followed. Mr. Sleight re mained completely absorbed in 3iis papers for some moments. Then, glanc ing at the Lascar, he took his pen, wrote a hurried note, folded it, ad . dressed it, and, holding it between his ?fingers, leaned back in his chair. ' If .you choose to take this note to :mjjr- man, he may give it another show. Mind I don't say that he will. He's ;going to Sacramento to- night, but von ?could go down there and find him before he starts. He's got a room ?there, I believe. 'While you're waiting for him, you might keep your eyes open ??to satisfy yourself.' ' Ay, ay, sir,' said the sailor eagerly endeavouring to catch the eye oi his. employer. But Mr. Sleight looked straight before him, and he turned to g° ' The Sacramento boat goes at nine,' said Mr. Sleight quietly. This time their glances met, and the Lascar's eye glistened with subtle in telligence. The next moment he was gone, and Mr. Sleight again became absorbed in. his papers. Meanwhile Eenshaw was making his way back to the Pontiac, with that light-hearted optimism that had cha racterised his parting with Sleight. It was this quality of his nature, fostered perhaps by the easy civilisation in which he moved, that had originally drawn him into relations with the man he just quitted — a quality that had been troubled and darkened by those relations, yet when they were broken at once returned. It con sequently did not occur to him that he had only selfishly compromised with the difficulty; it seemed to him enough that he had withdrawn from a compact he thought dishonourable ; he was not called upon to betray his partner in that compact merely to benefit others. He had been willing to incur suspicion and loss to reinstate himself in his self respect ; more he could not do without justifying that suspicion. The. view taken by Sleight was, after all, that ?which most business men would take — which the girl herself might be tempted to listen to. Clearly, he could do nothing but abandon the Pontiac and her owner to the fate he could not in honour avert. And even that fate was problematical. It did not follow that the treasure was still concealed in the Pontiac, nor that Nott would be willing to sell her. He would make some excuse to Nott — he smiled to think he would probably be classed in the long 2me of absconding tenants — he would say good- bye to Eosey, and leave for .Sacramento that night. He ascendod the stairs to the gangway with a freer breast than when he first entered the ship. Sir. Nott was evidently absent, and after a quick glance at the half open cabin door, Senshaw turned toward the galley. But Hiss Kosey was not in her accustomed haunt, and with a' feeling of diaappointment which seemed inconsistent with bo slight a cause; he crossed the deck impatiently and entered his room. He wa3, about to close the door, when the prolonged rustling of a trailing skirt in the pus sage-way attracted his attention. Tho sound was so unlike that made by. any garment of Eosey, that he remaiu'ed motionless with his hand on the door. The sound approached nearer, and the next moment a white-veiled figure, with a trailing skirt, slowly swept past tho room. Xenshaw's pulses halted for an instant in half-superstitious awe. As the apparition glided on and vaniahed in the cabin door, he could o»ly see that it was the form of a beautifuH und graceful woman — but nothing more. Bewildered and curious, he forgot him self so far as to follow it, and impul sively enter the cabin. Tho figure turned, uttered a little cry, threw tho veil aside, and showed thp half -troubled, lhalf-blushing face of Eosey. ?fj — beg — pardon,' stammered Een Bhaw ; ' I didn't know it wa9 you.' ' I was trying on gome things,' wiid Eosey, recovering her composure ai:d pointing to an open trunk thai seemed to contain a theatrical wardrobe—-' somo things fatln-r gave me long ago. I wanted to see if there waB anything I could use. I thought I wasall alone in the ship, but fancying I heard a_ noise forward, I came out to see what it'was.. I euppose it must hora been you, She raised her clear eyes to his, with a slight touch of womanly reserve that was so incompatible with any vulgar vanity or girlish coquetry that he be came tho more embarrassed. Her dress, too, of a slightly antique shape, rich but simple, seemed to reveal and accent a. certain repose of gentle womanliness that lie was now willing to, believe he had always noticed. Conscious of a superiority in her that seemed to change' their relations completely, ho alone re mained silent, awkward, and embar rassed before the girl who had taken care of his room, and who cooked in the galley! 'What he had- thoughtlessly considered a merely vulgar business intriguo against her stupid father, now to his extravagant fancy assumed the proportions of a sacrilege to herself. ' You've had your revenge, Miss Nott, for tho fright 1 once gave you,1 he said, a little uneasily, ' for you quite startled me just now as you passed. I began to think the Pontiac was. haunted. I thought you were a ghost. I don't know why such a ghost should frighten any body,' lie went on with a desperate at tempt to recover his position by gal lantry. ' Let me see — that's Donna Elvira's dress, is it not?' ' I don't think that was the poor woman's name,' said Eosey, simplv ; ' sho diedof yellowfoverat New Orleans as Signora somebody.' Her ignorance seemed to Mr. Keu shaw so plainly to partake more' of the nun than the provincial that ho hesi tated to explain to her that he meant the heroine of an opera. ' It seeuu dreadful to put on the poor thing's clothes, doesn't it ?' she added. Mr. ]le!ish:iw's eyes showed so plainly that he thought otherwise, that slse drew a little austerely toward the door of her stateroom. ; I must change these things before auy one cornee.' she said, drily. ' That means I must go, 1 suppose. But couldn't you let me wait here or in ibo gangway uiit$ then, Miss Nott ? I am going away tonight, and I mayn't see you again.' lie had not intended to say this, but it slipped from his embarrassed tongue. She stopped, with bar baud on the door. ' You are going away ?' ' I — isMiik — I must leave to-night. I have some important business in fcfee lamento.' She raised her fraafe eyes to- his-, Tho Tinmistakable look of disappoint ment that he saw in them ga'/e his heart a sudden throb, ani.sent the- quick blood to his- cheeks. ! 'It's too bad,' she said,. abstractedly. ! ' Nobody ev»r seems to stay here-lsng. ? Captain Bower promised to tell me all ! about the ship, and he went away the ? seuond woek. The photographer left - before he finished the picture of the- ? Pontiac. M.da Ferrieres Las onjy just gone, and now- you are going.'. ', ' Perhaps;, unlike them), I haw? finished niy season of usefulness herev i he replied with a bitterness he would- ! have recalled the next moment.. Bui- , Hosey, with a- faint sigh, saying, 'I ' won't be long,' entered the stateroom, j and closed the door behind- her. j Eenshaw bit his lip,, and pulled- at .; the long silken threads of lu's inous- ;!: iaclw, until they smarted. Why had * he not gone at once ?. ~Why_- was it. i necessary to say he might not see her. i again, and if he had said it, why i should he add anything more?. What j! was he wailing for now ? To endeavour i to prove to her. that h* really bore no/ reeowblance to Captain Bower,, tke ;. photographer, the crazy 1'renchman,. De Forriores? Or would he be forced to tell her that he waa running, away : from a conspiracy to defraud her . futher — merely for something, to say ?. ?' Was there ever such folly 'i Eosey : was 'not long,' a* she had uaidj.but he :j was beginning to- pace the narrow cabin impatiently when the door was ; opened and she returned. She had resumed her ordinary, calico ? gown, but suckwaB the impression left upon ltenshaw's fancy that ehe seemed to wear it with a new grace. At any other time he might nave recognised the change as due to a new. corset,, which, strict veracity compels me to record, Eosey had adopted! for the fiisfc time that morning. Howbeit, her slight coquetry, sfeemed to. have parsed,., for Bhe clesed the open trunk with. a. return of her old, iistlesa* air, and,, sitting ou it,, zested faer elbows on her. knees, and her oval chin in her hands. !I wish you would do me a. -favour,.'1 she said, alter a rellective pause. ' Let me know what id island it hluvll, bo done,' replied liuushawy quickly. ' If you should come acrota Monsieur Femw'e'a, or bear of him* I -wish you. would let me know. He was poorly whon ho left here, and 1 ihould liks to. know if he i» better. He didn't say whet* he was gois^.— -ati Iwvst, ho didn't, toll father ; but I iancy, ho -and father 'don't agree.' ' I shall be very glad of having .oven that opportunity of 'making you. re mem%er,me, iCi*» Nott,' returned. JJen. uliaV, : wiiih -a'fftint smile ; '1 don't suppose, either, that it would bayecy diUioult to get news of .your Mend — everybody seems to know him.' ' But not M I didv' said JUosey, with. uu abstracted lirtle sigh. Mr. Eonihaw opened his brown eyes upon her. Wjw i»e' unata'tun ?. 4 was this romantic girl only a liUio coquette playiug her prorinoiul aix» on him 'r1 'You nay ke and you* fathOr didn't agrae. That means, I suppose, that you and ho s^gveed-— and that was the result.' 'I dou't think father knwr anything about it,' said Honey, siiapl j* Mr. Eenahaw roue. And tkis was what ho hod been waiting to hear. ' Perhaps,' he said,' grimly, ' jou \t»nld also like hews of fcue pkotograpkor and Ctiptain1 Bower— or did, your fatbw agree with them belter T ' No;' Bifid : Eostfy, quietly. She re mained sitent for a moment, and, lifting her kahea, »aid ; 'Father always aeemed to agree with you, and ttat — -' She, hesitated. : ? ?? ???'? '? ' That's why you don't;' ll didn't say that,', said Eosey,. with an incongruous ' iuorpa'se of. colAuesjj and colour. 'I only mswet to boy it was that:whi* nu&ej; U tfcwn. W Vpud yep should go new .'? : Notwithstanding his previous deter mination, Eenshaw found himself sit ting down again. Confusedand pleased, wishing he had said more — or less — he said nothing, and Eosey was forced to continue. ' It's strange, isn't it?— but father was urging me this morning to make a visit to some friends at the old ranch. I didn't want to go; I like it much better here.' ? ? ' But 'you cannot bury yourself here for ever, Miss Nott,'- said Eenshaw, with a sudden burst, of honest enthusiasm. 1 Sooner or later you will be forced to go where . you will bo properly appre ciated, where you will. be. admired and courted, where your slightest wish will be law. Bolievo me, without flattery, you don't know your own power.' ' It don't seem strong enough to keep even the little I like here,' said Eosoy, with a slight glistening of the eyes. 'But,1 she added, hastily, 'you don't know how much the dear old ship is to me ; it's the only home I think I ever had.' ' But the ranch ? ' said Eenshaw. ' The ranch seemed to be only the old waggon halted in the road, 'it wa3 a very little improvement on outdoors,' said Eosey, with a little shiver. ' But this is so cozy and snug, and yet so strange and foreign. Do you know, I think I began to understand why I like it. so since you taught me bo much about sliips and voyages H Before that I only learned from books. Books deceive you. I think, more than peojile do. Dou't you think so ? ' She evidently did not notice the quick flush that covered his cheeks and apparently divzaled his troubled eyelids, for she went on confidentially : ' I was thinking of you yesterday. I was sitting by the gallery door, looking forward. You remember the firai day I saw you, when you startled n» by coming up out of tho hatch ? ' ' I wish you wouldn't think of that,' said Eenshaw, with more earnestness th»n he would have made apparent. 'I don't want to, either,' said Eosejr gravely, 'for I've had a strange fancj about it. I saw once;, when I way younger, a picture in »? print shop on- Montgomery, street thz,b haunted me. I think it was called 'The Pirates.' There was a number of wicked-looking sailors lying around tlio deck, and coniingy out of a hatch was one figure with his- hands on the desb and a cut lass in hie mouth.' ' Thank you,' said Eensliaw. 'You don't understand. He was horrid-loo-king, not at all like- you. I never thoaght of him when- 1 firs-fc saw y«-u, but Viie other day I thought how dreadful ii would have beeaif Bocae one hfee him and' not like you hivd ecaie up thftii. That made mo neirrouB- some times of being alone. I think father is boo- He oft?en goes about stealthily at night, as if he was watching for some thing.' Eanshaw^a-faee grew suddenly Seitk. Could it be possible that Slbighfc had alwajs suspected him, and set-spies- to watch — or wae-he guilty of scrae doable intrigue ? '?Hethink&j;''continned Eosay,.wo-]hi a faint smile, 'tJiat aorneono is- 'looking around the ship, and talks ofi setfesg bear iraps. Ii hope ydu're not read, Mj. Eenshaw,!' she added, suddenly Datching sight of his changed.expjjes 3ion,,'at my foolishness in saying: jou reminded me of the pirate; 1 mea&fc; nothing;' '1 knowyou'iw incapable of meaning snythiag. but good to anybody., Mas Nott— jerhaps to me more tkan Ii de serve,!' said BfenBfeaw, with a-, sudden burst of feelings ' I wish — It wiek — you would do'f.-w a. favour. I'iw'a&hed; me one-i'ust now.' He had taken Her band. It seeraed so like a meto illus tration offhis earnestness thatisho did. aofe withdraw it. 'Your father -Sails you evesythingj. Jit he has anjiOfEbsto dispose of-' the- oKif), will you write to-me at once before anything is conclud3dir* He wiitoed a little — the sentenos- of Sleight,. ''Whatf 3 the figure yauf.antlish© have settled, upon ?' flashed across- hie mind. He scarcely noticed that' Bbee-y bad withdrawiii her hand coldly. ' 'PerHaps you had bette:n.'3pea& to father,, as it is- his business. Besidtea, E shall not be here. I shalii be ab.tfae ranch.'1 'But yousaidiyou didn't want'ts.g-j. ?' '?1're- changed my mind,' said: Ubsey, listlessly. '1 shall go to-night.'1 She- roBe as if to indicate- thoir. the interview was ended. With, xo, over powering inaftinct that his whole- Suiimre happiness depended on hie. next act, he made a- step toward her with-'eages- wit streiched kands. But Bke sligltly lifted her own with a warning, gesture. 'I hear father ceining :, you, will have a vhance to. talk business- w&h;, him,' ih» said,, and vanished into- has- state room. ? (To be Contintiadi)' 