Q,ueer; PeopliaandQueer .■Places. i i f Bv; j'.Opno." I. Three-Hours at/Whogaroo. Havp you eyor.beei to a lunatic asylum ? If not, come with us. The day is Saturday, the tn nth October^-the time when the Queensland summer hit's j det lrfc spring behind. A midday train takes us to Goodna, a scattered hamlet, dotted here and there .with houses, boasting of a stone built church, and peopled by a spareo population, muiuly supported by the institution we are about to inspect. It has two hostelries and'one-main street. Passing along this tliorbaghlare, you do not like the smell—well, it is hot pleasant. A log- built, dilapidated boiling-down establishment adjoins the only butcher's shop, and the aroma therefrom is ah> thing but appetising. To the tear of the main street, on & commanding eminence are the 12 blocks of buildiogs which form the chief asylum for the insaue of this colony. There are six wards for males;and six for females, and occupying a central position are the residences of Dr. Soholes. the medical superintendent, Dr. Hogg, his assistant, the chief warder, and the chief steward. Besides these there are matron's cottage, the cooking und. laundry 'establish ments, the surgery, and office, and the biker y. When approacliiog the group from the railway station', the Baw mill, c rpenters' shop, and wood-cutting yard occupy a considerable area to tho right,'separated from the main buildings by tho road and reservoir. Ou the left lead iog down to the Brisbane River is an expensive garden, tilled aud tended by the patients, the river itself forming a picturesque, but rather dangerous, boundary. It would be difficult to find a more healthy or suitable site than the 248 acres onwbich the group of buildings forming theasylomstanda. Besides this acreage, attached to the institution are 500 acres forpaetuage purposes, and at present the cemetery reserve of 591 sores is used for grazing! Ascending a wdl-kcpt drive, fho doctor's residence is reached, and, with him for a guide, the in spection is begun. .He first drives us to tho Hill Division, the furthermost section of die whole This conristf of two wards, occupied by male patients described as lt quiet and cleanly." There are two buildings, of red briok, faced with white. One is one storied, the other two. Both stand on a spaci ous allotment, fenced in with high railings. The one-storied building is used solely as a dormitory, the ground floor of the other being the dining- room daily, and the dancing-room on all occasions when this pastime is indulged in, and that is not less frequent than on every alternate Wednesday night. A brawny warder admits us through the gate. The scene is not unp'e isant. To the right is a well kept grass plot, dotted with flower beds, which, notwithstanding the severe drought, which is as severely felt at Goodna a* anywhere *lse in Southern Queensland, is spangled with flowers of differing colours and species. The beds themselves are without • a footmark, thus (bowing that the p itients, a portion of whose recreation ground this' is, hare tho credit of being quiet if not cleanly. Several rows of healthy-looking M- reton Bay fig trees, with their bright deep green foliage, relieve the eye aft-.r its forced familiarity with the brown- -and withered sameness of the perishing grass. On the left is a huge tuft of foliage, and to the rear of that the bowling green. Not a patient is to be seen. The dormi tory, consisting of several compartments, is de serted. The rows of beds are all prepared with the bedclnthing half-turned over the whole length of the bed, thus allowing an observer to see at a glance its condition of cleanliness. All the beiclothei are spotlessly clem, .so are the floors and walls. Vent lation receives special attention. At a distao.ee of every few feet in the outside walls is a twelve inch window, extending almost from ceiling to floor. .These turn on a centre pivot, and when open leave a space five iaohes wide—sufficiently narrow to prevent the escape of the most diminutive patient. Believing the duluess of the walls are cheap prints and engrav ings, taken from the illustrated papers and framed in the caiponter's shop belonging to the institution Hero and there ia a bed on the floor. They belong to patients 'more subject to that most ba eful of all forms of lunacy—epilepsy. Frequently these unfortunates are seized without a moment's warning, whether in bed or else where, and by haying The bed on the floor the risk of danger from falling is avoided. There is a feuoe within a fence, and inside thi- enclosure at the time of the visit are the 90 patients who occupy this division.: On passing the gate the socne changes. Men of all ages, sizes, and descriptions - harmlessly road—are roiling ou the bare ground, walking around the place, or lolling against tho trees The doctor is greeted by a tall, burly, black-haired fellow, in the firirae of life, by a storm of profanity and bad anguage which almost makes one's flesh oreep. j With a kindly word, a few joonlar questions, I and a shake of iho hand, the dootor replies to die I ourses and anathemas with which he is assailed. A kind of mild excitement is npticeable in the left hand oorner of tho inner enclosure. It is oaused by the bathing of the patients. The bathroom is reached through a dressing-room which is now uncomfortably filled with patients busily undressing for, and dressing after, their bath It is a perfect Babel. Men are shout ing and jabbering, and seem so satisfied with their lot, as to make one not at all surprised at Drvdeii's Spanish friar exclaiming, "There is a pleasure in being mad, which none bnk mad men know." Inside the bathroom are four huge baths. While we stay one is not empty for two minutes. A couple of warders arc busy superintending these ablutionary opera tions, but in many cases their services are not required, thebathersappearingas sane in the way of cleaning themselves as anj' of their guar dians. More than that, they seem to enjoy themselves with sohool-boy delight. This bath is compulsory once a week, and follow ing it oomes a change of olothing. Oompul •ory measures, however, are seldom resorted to, as the neater number of these patients indulge in these itnmer<rioh8 as frequently as opportunity affords. Wo did not remain long-, —the smell was not alluring; trot before leav-. ' ingyit was impossible not to be impressedwith the-r physically, of courge— healthy, and* fleshy .condition of the men. .Wo sign of sfe'ri disease and no ,-stga of starvation. Another, walk across the. yard takes us to the dining- • r«om Mid dormitory. . Before passing in/a., group surrounds us for a passing word, with, and grasp of the lund by 'the. .genial doctor. He calls first one ana then another by some pet name, and in the cour?e of conversation one poor fellow gives leaves of his. history—his place of birth, his marriage, and - his mi-fortuneB; another making themoitof.. his opportunity, asks for a "nobbier" ofrhm" and a stick of tobacco, and when promised that, his desire shall be satisfied on the morrow, re plies with a sanity somewhat suiprioihgy "There's no time like the present, Doctor." Even the much abused Samuel Walker.Griffith does not escape. His naipe crops up, but he is not calumniated. A middle aged man. spe^k-. iog with an accent met with in the agricultural counties of Herts, Beds, aid Bunks; claims to havo been the cause of Mr. Griffith's great ness, both as a Q.G. and a politician -'Let u* enter the dining-room; a spacious, well lighted, well ventilated, arid plainiy*?ar« dished apartment. It possesses no", special feature save its cleanliness. Upstairs is a'cor r- fponding room used as a dormito-y. arid it may be here stated that nil bedsteads—of 'iron and simple in construction—beds, and' bed clotbiug, are made on the premises by the patients. Xri the corridor reared on end"/'is a long wooden vat-its technical came neeji'not be given, it is used to boil the bedsteads *inJas a pre caution ary measure against verriun. THe cor ridor divides the main dormitory arid a row of single rooms. These are given to r atientswho most require them—the aged and the most sus ceptible to epilep-y. The bush house must not be forgotten before leaving this section. Tt is of the ordinary kind/ erected, ornamented^ and stocked by the patients, under the supervision of the warders. It is fairly well 'stocked with plants, and the patients take 'enough interest in its well beinj? to remind them of its enrist ence when they are at work in the bn^h. They often transfer botanical* specimens - from the wilds of the bosh to- the shelter and shade of the bush house, and evince particular con cern in the future welfare of their foundlings The next block of buildings visited wis tho cookery and laundry. All cooking is done by rata*, Benham and Son's steam cooking 'hppa • one of the most complete of its kind extant? There are six vast stoves, surrounded with steam, pipes,- the influx and reflux of steam at almost any degree of temperature being regu lated by the simple turning of a -handle. Another range of the ordinary kiild rims across .-the top end of.the kitchen, and there "arranged in oonvenient placesure "the necessary utensils. -Another great convenience is an iron carving table, underneath which are several ■ closets which oan, with the "sorfnce of* the table: bo heated to aoy degree at the will of the carver, thus ensuring the warm* h of the food wh-rn it leaves the cookery. There is*' of course, a chief cook, and he is 'assisted by a sufficunt number of patients to satisfactorily serve out 1,800 meals a day.' - Adjoining the cookery is the laundry, and to the rear of both the boiler and the steam engine, which' supply the whole-with steam and motive power. There aie fire department* inthe laundry. One containing a huge concrete receptacle for the preliminary soaking of clothes; another in which are two steam-worked washing and wring ir-g machines, four boiling tubs, and eight washing tub-. For. the cleansing of heavy materials, such as bankets, a piece of machinery someibiug like a .«ugar mijU in sbrvpe. i> effectively used. Ther.- is a d»ying« room heated by waste *<e>m from the engine, but our -unny climate makes recourse to arti ficial heat for olothes drying purpose^ •seldom necessary* The laundcy contains every con venience. It is supervised by a competent laundress, who is asriste l by female patients able and willing to do the work. Leaving these less sorrowful sights a visit to the famnio division is made. - 'This occupies a cent.al position. Before passing the outer gates a pleasant word with, and a kindly inquiry after the health of Sarah, the faithful janitress, is made by Dr. Scholes. Sarah is an identity, she has travelled far, and amongst other calls has made one at New Caledonia. She says Goodna is her Kden, and, trusted with tbe responsibility of the keeper of the outer gate, appears cheerful and Happy. With it all she i< p -ss»ssed of one oppressive sorrow more oppressive sometimes than others, particularly so after a hearty meal. Her h'aJlnoination is laughable. Iu ber sleep she sees the ghosts of eight horses which overpower her with impor tunities for the oatmeal porridge she has pre viously swallowed. At the inner gate were assembled So female patients, clean in person, and dress, each wearing a wide-brimmed straw hat, just about to take, under tho care of female attendants, their afternoon's walk. Dr. Scholes is a firm believer in lib?:tr and open air, and daily allows suob of tbe patients, male and female, as he considers to be in a fit state to leave the association of their less fortouate fellows to roam at the sweet will they have remaining through the extensive grounds surrounding the institution. Of oourse they are in charge of attendants, and it is only on rate occasions that anything occurs to cause regret for thfa exercise and liberty. Stand ing in the doorway, the doctor allowed all to pass, giving each a friendly n d or kindly word of recognition, and it was at once pitiable on the one side and gratifying on the other, to see the childish vanity with which aged women, wt-meuof iuiddle-nge, and some of fewer summers, receivod the?e costless but sympathetic attentions. Away they trooped, and shortly afterwards could bo seen in groups and singly strolling ha mlessly about the outer grounds. The buildings are on tbe same plan us thoso already described. There are four wards, No. 4 being of most recent date and purely oloan. . The great majority of the patients *efm contented ; some were reading, others fondling a pet oat, and others tinging and shouting, and others again stroll ing listlessly about the yard, tir lolling: lazily or «sle<tp on the veranda. One would ask a visi tor foe sweets, another for money, and others would be safre'fied with a abate of the hand, used show their satiaiaotion by a vacant Uneamegless langh or smile. The hospital for this "division is in the oldest portion of the in atitiijon. It is not so well lighted nor so lofty las the newer building, but happily it is sell en ueod. Out of a total of 300 women there wiiro | only four patients in the hospital, one of th-*»e being a sufferer from phthisis, mid the dint's from riight attaoka of very common ailments. "To complete the inspection, tit the female •division a walk was t*k ja through the noisy and violent ward, the first groetiDg was from an aged damn with a strong liish aooent, who shouted "Welcome gintlemen; welcome." Most of tho inmates, about a dozen in all, WeW •sleep in shady spots, the doctor attributing their quietness to the effect of a good dinuer. Their countenances, however, oven in sleep, revealod the tearfulness of their malady—"a moody madness laughing wild, amid so rarest woe. The sight mado one glad to quit the yard for tho remaining group of buildings, called the fonr male wards. No, I is the rssi •fence of the noisy and violent. It was erected in 1896. and o vertooks tho river, from which it is, however, separated by a high and unsoale able fenoe. Tha appearance of tho building betokens the nature of its inhabitants Windows •re broken and without glass, and nothing is ts be seen which'could in a fit of frensy be used «s a weapon of attack. Tho inmates were in their yard. They »ra more in number than the women of a similar degree of madness. They look more formidable, too, but still ttrey am well nnder the 6 utrol of powerful warders. No. 2 ward is set apart for the feeble, and men who cannot be trusted outside the gates. Thct. number is great, compara tively speaking. They were passing their time by roiling about the yard, yelling, and walk ing aimleesly about - pitiable objects. One •mongst the group waa seated at a table under neath .the abed, sketching, in black lead, a Women's head, the woodcut of a periodio^l being his copy. In the days of his misfortune this man is clever wi'h bis pencil, for tho •ketch was a faithful eppy of the original. No. 9 ward is used for convalescents. There is an •ir of quietness and repose about it Which can scarcely be realised after leaving the noisy crowd on the other ride of the partition. Old men and young •re sitting on the verandas smoking their pipes in fence, reading the newspapers of the day, wd" answering questions with sanity if not •cogency. Walla bins am peacefully nibbling on the grassy elope which overlooks the river; a cat and a kangaroo lie basking in the sun, aver and anon giving each other a playful if wot a Ucicg caress Strutting bantams chuckle •orit crow about the yard with all the assurance for which these pretentious specimens of the poultry species are noted. And then oomes another change—the hospital and its four inmates. One is an aboriginal, dying of con sumption, the others are reaching the con Valesoent stage, after an attack of dysentery. Tn the yard, however, is the most mournful right of all. Young boys paralysed physically and mentally by epilepsy, with a helpless and hopeless life before them. It is. a very sad right, and one which exsites the pity of all ■ who eee it. .; Now, we leave the wards for the offiee, for it it not to be expected that statistics in oonneetion with snch a va«t institution as this can be neglected. In the house there era fill Inmates. Last year the average number resident was "03, at an actual oost per patient per annum of £2910s. 4 jd., or 1 1b. 4|d. weekly. Nextoometheresulta. They are gratilying when oompared with those of other colonies. Take the figures:—At Woogaroo the per centageof re coveries in 1882 was 46 32; in 1883, 40 00; •nd in 1884, 51*43. In New South Wales the tallowing were the resultsGladesville: 1882, <4 81; 1883,44-66; 1884. 39 68. Parramatta: 1882\. 48 61; 1883, 44 57: 1884, 43-33. At the hospital for the criminal insane, Parra matta, the percentage of recoveries on admis ricsia is very low:—1882, 28-57: 1883, 166G; 1884, 13-79. In New Zealand, for 1884 :— Auckland, 35-48; Cbristchnrch, 33 87; Dunedin, 51-06; Hokitiks, 36-00; Napier, 18-18 (very low); Nelson, 65'tO; Wellington, 45*94; and Aahbum Qall (a private asylum), 42*45. Does not this speak well for our institution and the systems on whiob it is worked ? The patients who can-work are not kept idle. These returns will prove that:— For Friday, October 2, the following was the labour-sheet return:—Females; Kmplr.yed in laundry, 41; needlework. &c; , 48; domestic offices, 2; assisting in tho wards, 51; total employed, 142; unemployed, 162; and 1 nnder restraint. Males: In the garden and grounds, 55; carpenters' shop, drawing wood, &o.;, 30 ; in the yards. 11; in bakery, 2; blacksmith, 1; domestic offices, 6; in kitchen, 8; cleaning cor ridors, 11; in ftores, I; woodyard, 18; at the saw - mill, 4; total employed, 160; unemployed, 179. This is onr institution, and its working must be good, or the results would not be what they are. Patients uttered no ecmplaints, and everywhere thoy seemed not only contented but grateful, when their sense of gratitude was Eiwerfol enough to make it-elf understood, r. Scbcdea and his assistants deserve the oredit. 