BISHOP REYNOLDS AT PORT AUGUSTA. On Friday, .July 24, his lordship, attended by Dean Kevin and Fathers Doyle and O'Donnell, paid a visit in the forenoon to the school in charge of the Sisters of St. Joseph. When he had entered the children in full chorus sang a song of hearty welcome to the bishop, who having thanked them for their affectionate greeting complimented them on their efficiency in singing, remarking that their clear voices indicated the wholesomeness of the place where they were living. He carefully inspected their copy books and exercises, and expressed himself well pleased with what he had seen. He con gratulated them on the good report he had heard of them from tlis dean, on their regular attendance at school, on their progress in learn ing, and hoped the day was not far distant when he would come among them again to lay the foundation- stone of a new school. In the afternoon the bishop, accompanied by the dean, paid a visit to the hospital. He went through all the wards, conversing individually with each of the patients, ex pressing his sympathy with them and impart ing consolation by the kindness and tenderness of Ins words. When about to leave his lordship gave a written report, in which he spoke very favorably of the cleanness, neatness, order, and good management of the establishment, and said great praise was due to all those con nected with it. On Sunday, the 26th instant, he held the usual visitation and celebrated the early mass, at which a large number received Holy Communion. At 11 o'clock the bishop, robed in full pontificals, attended by Dean Kevin and Fathers Doyle and O'Donnell, pre ceded by the altar boys, made his entrance into the sanctuary. The bishop being seated on the throne prepared for the occasion, Father O'Donnell celebrated mass, "Coram Episaopo." At the end of the first gospel his lordship ascended the altar, and having read the epistle and gospel for the ninth Sunday after Pentecost, delivered one of those eloquent and impressive sermons for which he has obtained a distinguished name. It was indeed a discourse that went to the hear ts of all those who were present, and one that will be long remembered for the earnestness and freedom with which the ruling vices of the nineteenth century were so clearly described and severely condemned. At the end of the sermon the bishop briefly explained the ceremony of blessing the bell for All Saints' Church. He said it was the custom of the church to bless all things, whether animate or inanimate, used in the service of God, making them subservient to Him who created them. The children in the fiery furnace called upon "all the works of the Lord, to bless the Lord, to praise and extol Him for everand David tells us to "praise Him with sound of trumpet, to praise Him witli psaltery and harp, to praise Him with timbrels and choir, with strings and organs, and with high-sounding cym bals." — Psalm 150. Thus would this bell he was going to bless be used as an instru ment to praise and bless God. Its sweet tones morning, noon, and night would remind them of the heavenly message of peace which the Archangel Gabriel brought from the throne of God to the humble cottage of the spotless virgin of Nazareth when it was announced to her that she was to become mother of the "Word made flesh." It would call them to assist at the holy sacrifice of the mass in which Jesus Christ is offered as a victim to his lieaveuly Father for the living- and the dead. It would warn them of the death of any mem ber of the congregation when its mufiled tone3 would peal forth in accents of grief that another had departed this life, and would remind them, too, that they must at some future time pass away like the sound it gave forth. The ceremony of blessing then com menced, the bishop and priests chant ing alternately the psalms presented. Then came the washing and anoint ing of the bell, and the perfuming thereof by the burning of thyme, frankincense, and myrrh. The ceremony being over, the bishop tolled the bell for the first time, reciting the " Angelus," in which he was joined by the congregation. The bell was made at the cele brated foundry of Mr. Murphy, Dublin, and waB purchased at a cost of nearly £100. It bears the emblems of the liarp and shamrock, and the inscription "Sancta Maria et onmes Saneti mtercedant pro nobis" — Mary, holy Mary, and all the saints pray for us. Its weight is 121 civt.. its diameter is 3 feet 4 inches in the widest part, and its tone is in G natural. Its elevated position and its closeness to the waters of Spencer's Gulf will convej- its sound to a con siderable distance, which will be greatly appieciated by the inhabitants of the port and the neighboring settlements. At 3 o'clock the candidates for con firmation, numbering fifty-four, assembled in the church. The rosary was recited as a preparation for the Holy Sacrament they were about to receive. The bishop then gave the usual instructions and rigorously examined them in Christian doctrine. The answering was indeed very creditable to the children and to the good sisters who took so much pains to instruct them. Immediately before confirmation the choir beautifully rendered the hymn—"Come, Holy Ghost, send down those beams," at the end of which the bishop administered the Sacrament. This being done, he spoke forcibly against the pre vailing sin of drunkenness, and asked those confirmed if they were willing to become mem bers of the "League of the Cross." All having answered in the ainrmative, the bishop pro nounced the form of words, which they all re peated, promising total abstinence from all in toxicatingdrinkuntiltlieycomiiletetheirtwenty firat year. At 7 o'clock the bishop attended as heretofore described, gave vespers, and blessed a new and beautiful statue of the blessed virgin and child. Father O'Donnell then ascended the _ altar, and preached a sermon appropriate to the occasion. The bishop liming given benediction, all re tained to the vestry. Thus ended the religious services of the day, and thus was brought to a close the bishop's visitation of the northern portion of his vast diocese. His lord ship's tour through the north was one of great success, far exceeding his own expectations and those in whose care the district is placed. I Je left with the best wishes of all his people on Monday. 27th inst., and went to Terowie to give continuation there on the following morn ing. 