THE CHURCHES : AND WHAT a -,THEY ARE DOING.' (Br ArPrA.'rco.) SLet me stay at thy own peril, Timon, I come to olmerve,I give thee warning on't." t! Ton of Athens: Act 1. Scene 2. Coao AsrroA Conoon, Vrcronota PARADE. A commodious church, a good organ, good singers-one remarkably good singer-all seats free and a good preacher. These at - tractions all exist at the above churoh, but I ram oaisr t say they did not fillit on Sunday evenie g last, when the Rev. C. H. Haggar traversed the question, "Is the Bible Tre !"' This clergymaon is not a Samson in physical stature, r?t his mental .trength ie of no mean order.. In phreno rlsgical development he is much superior to ost men and to many preachers. His perceptive and intellectual organs stand out prominently; sublimity, veneration and conscientiousness are well marked, and combativenees is not wanting, but self esteem and firmness are not, from a casual mnd distant inspection, strongly indicated; These latter are highly useful qualities in right proportion, and their absence is often a great detriment, though in this case the reasoning faculties and quickness of percep 0ion poseased will indicate the right; road and prevent, to a great extent, the. ucer- tainty which might arise from indecision or want of faith rh onrerslf. He took sl is text ad'epistle of Peter,'first, ehapte, last r.eran .or the prophecy came not in old he timse by the will of man: but holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy to Ghost." He said :-" It is not my intentiton to-night to speak of the inspiration or about the heavely authority or origin of the Bible. I will leave this question for another time. Whe I ask is the Bible true, I mean are Its principles and utterances In harmony with fact--i.e., with fact as we know it. It is evident we can test nothing y Ignorance; we can only do it by the knowledge we possess. Truth is of two natures-absolute and relative. Thus the laws of Moses were true enough for his time, but not for the present day. A thing may be true from one standpoint and not from another. There are three things I wish to speak of, in connection with the Bible. First, Is it true as a revelation from and of God; second, is it as true as history ; third, is it true as philosophy, as religion. With regard to the first, we must accent it as a proven revelation from God. It is not his- tory; Genesis is not history, not a record of things observed. No man was in existence to note the events recorded in the first Ohapter of Genesis. It is not science. Five thousand, or a hundred thousand years ago -I care not which-when thee events took place, there was no science or scientific methods of enquiry into things. Some men talk about the conflict between religion and science, but I don't believe in it. The prin- ciples of religion are not and never have been opposed to science, though one of its supporters may have been. Science pro- fosses only to deal with things as they are. It does not take into account or concern 'Itself about their existence, or how they same to exist. Sometimes, however, scien- tists step outside their sphere, and indulge na speclations beyond tie realms of scincne. But what do scientists say with regard to the Bible? Haeckel, who is one of the foremost scientists and athiests of the day, admits that the teaching of Moses is in harmony with science except in one point. He says that Moses teaches that the earth is the centre of this planetary system and not the sun, and that the sun moves round the earth. Well, I don't think Haeckel or any- one else can prove the contrary, though I cannot see that he has any authority for acrtiing such a doctrine to Moses. I have searched the Bible and cannot find him teaching any such thing. According to the most determined foe, therefore, religion is acknowledged to be in harmony with science. But these teachings are not the raudl science—then there was no science. They are the result of revelation— nothing less. A revelation of God. Here we can only go a very littleway. We cannot comprehend the infinite But as far as we can judge, the biblical account is in harmony wits reason. We have reason given to us, and we onght to use it—it is the standard to which we have to appeal. An almighty, everlasting, in- finite Creator is in harmony with reason—is, in fact, a necessity of science. Herbert Spencer is driven to the conclusion that an infinite, eternal,-omnipotent, almighty Being is absolutely proven by the universe. He is a fact—no myth. Atheists talk largely about what they can prove. Why their own doctrines involve the necessity of a God, had they sufficient sense to see it. Give me only a school-boy's philosophy and I would confound them. Reason tells us that God must be infinite and eternal, in whom we live, move, and have our being. Again, the world reveals power at work, a power which originates vast changes. Now power Is not a being, it is a quality, an attribute—an attribute of mind, of will. Not only is there power, there is also intelligence. Darwin ,admits the presence of intention. The eye was made to see, the ear to hear, and the mouth to eat and drink. The foot was made to walk and not to climb. The entire system shows the presence of thought. The world rcveals a will at work-a system of Government-of law. What does this imply'. An intoelli- Gence to frame that law-a will to enforce it It also necessitates the power to punish Any infraction of that law. These are the teachings of nature. This is not Paley's ar- gumeat; I think we have outgrown that. I met recently a sceptic and materialist, who denied the existence of a God. I asked him did he believe in matter? Yea. In motion? yes. Does matter move itself ? Oh no, it is moved by power. Is matter universally dispersed? Yes. Is it every where in motion? Yes. Is power, then, a cuase as well as an effort? Don't know. Ah, that won't do. You admit a power acting universally, and everywhere through- out space Well that is what we call God, and it verifies the statement of the Bible that He is infinite and everlasting. Here once more reason and the Bible are in harmony. \- Again, is it true of God himself? Darwin teaches the survival of the fittest. Then an eternal Being must of necessity embody the very , highest type—must symbolise perfec- tion. God abhors and punibhem evil, and it Is a noteworthy fact that evil is a vanishing quantity si the world—it is year by year be- coming less and less. This, too, is in accordance with the law of the survival of the fittest, as the bad are being continually weeded out and best types remain—in nations as-well as in individuals, Once more is God's character and biblical teach- iog vindicated. In the past, God over- threw the nations of the wicked. He blotted them out. The remedy was sharp, but it was better to stop their sin and misery than to allow them to go on con taminating the world. There is no escaping the penalty of misdeeds. A as we sow so shall we reap, either in this world or the next. Does not the fairnems Of this prun cipls harmonies with reason? Yes, we must accept the Bible as -true in its desrip 'tinof God's charcter. Secondly, is it true as history ? No man now dare say it is not true in all its main and essential utterances. Some do say it contains a lot of filth. Sup- pose it does. The question is does it tell truth? Some law records are very filthy bnt they are nevertheless, very accurate. Its account of the sojourn of the children of Israel in Egypt; of the Hittites ;of Cyrus; of Job, and other details are now proved by modern discoveries. Professors Sayce, Schliemann, and other scholars and ex plorers have at Greece, Nineveh, and elsewhere, discovered records" graven on stone, which corroborate the biblical accounts, and show they are true to fact. Thus is its history proved even in minor and unimportant details. Lastly, is is true to man's philosophy—to religion; Is it true In principle? By religion I mean the application of principles to daily conduct. The best men admit that thu highest aim and rule in life is to 'do onto others as yon would that they do unto you.' Some claim that Confucius said the same thing, but I defy anyone to prove that he did. He put the idea in its negative form—christianity is positive in its teachings. 'Love thy neigh bour as thyself' is objected to by some, bat I consider that self-respect does no man any harm, and a man who really respects himself and has a love for his character, is best fitted to love others. ' Take no thought for the morrow' is another rule which is fre quently railed at, but what a lot of misery is caused by the canker worm of care ! Hard work may kill some, but care and worry kill infinitely more. What profound wisdom lies, then, in the precept which tells us not to worry about the morrow ! Again, with regard to man's position. Plato thought he could discern signs of fallen greatness in man; whilst Emerson calls man a 'God in ruins.' But even if Darwin is right, it matters not. Evolution simply means a grander vista than ever before pre seuted to, man's gaze. I feel within me grand possibilities, my yearnings and instincts tell me of greater duties and ex tended capacity still to come, and my spirit springs forward: readily' to grasp the emancipation. Here once more the Bible proves true to human nature, teaching that the future state will be an immense advance upon this one—that is to those who have fitted themselves for progress. Like attracts like, and when the spirit is freed from its trammels here, I believe it will gravitate naturally to that with which it is in sympathy--the good; to the, ealmss of happiness'. the evil en that region prepared for the devil and his angels. How are we to attain our higher destiny ! By obedience to the truths of the gospel as laid down by Jesus. I say we must follow the example of Christ, we must obey the law which he has given for our direction. The principles he has laid down are so complete, so com prehensive, that they apply to every and to any circumstance which can arise to life. I maintain and I think I have proved that the Bible is true as a revelation from and of God; true as history; true to human nature; true to reason and instruct; true to religion and philosophy. I hope we may prove true to it.' Perhaps it may be as well for me to ex plain that these reports are condensed. The notes taken, however, are almost "verbatim et literatim," and in abridging it has been my object to retain all the essential points; to omit nothing necessary to the argument, and to do the preacher as much justice as the space allowed me will permit. The parts cut out are mainly illustrations and amplifications which, while adding to the elegance of the discourse, can be excised without destroying the chain of the rea- souing. I must say that Mr. Haggar handled his subject very well, about as effectively indeed as in any instance which has come under my notice—that is, as far as he went. It will be noticed that he steered clear of all the more debatable points — predestination, man's free-will, original sin, the fall, the trinity, the scheme of salvation, the divinity of Christ, the for giveness of sins, and the many points which create the real dissensions of opinion, and which constitute the main fabric of church dogma at the present day ; but of course everything cannot be crowded into twenty minutes. Such a sermon might easily have been preached by a Unitarian. Very few men, even those whom the world is pleased to call athiests, deny the possibility or a first great cause—a Being infinite and in comprehensible. But they hold that He is incomprehensible—unfathomable by man and that to dogmatise as to his will, his wishes, his laws, his likes and dislikes, is absurd in the extreme, and calculated to alienate respect and sympathy. Mr. Haggar says he does not think that anyone can prove that the earth moves round the sun. Mr. Ellery, our Government astronomer, will give him physical proof of the fact,with the instruments he has at his command, in less than six months. If Mr. Haggar will take any modern treatise on astronomy, and read up the history of the experiments made in determining the stellar parallax and the aberration of light, his reason will soon settle the question. He will find that under observation the stars seem to describe anu- ally a minute ellipse, which corresponds to the ellipse round which the telescope has been carried by the earth in its orbit. All the stars have a precisely similar seeming movement apart altogether from their real movements round the centre of their own system. This phenomenon, when under stood, is a convincing proof that the earth is travelling round the sun. I am pleased that otherwise Mr. Haggar has displayed a liberality of thought and openness to convic tion, which is very gratifying, and the re sult of his preaching most be to educate his congregation to a higher status, and to do away with a great deal of that narrowness, dogmatism and incapacity to expand and accept new truths which is holding some Christian sects in bondage. 