An eloquent lecture was given by the I^ev. Xu FIson, ALA., ja tbe Ciriiweli Wefleyan church 021 Wednesday night, Mr B, J- Joyce occupying the chair. Mr FIsoa opened his discourse by a vivid word painting of the way inwhtchthe ** land ahead*' (Fiji) first looms -cjion the mariner's eye. The long coral reef, the graceful waving palms, the nestling Tillages and the dark forest headlands, were pa* o ramlcally and distinctly brought before the mind's eye- Each of the "Fijian Islands (said the lecture) had its own ctral reefs, which were very dangerous, even in tre day time, Trying navigation very trying work in the dark, or in thick weather- WLhin those r-efs, however, all was peiceful. Sailing over the reefs, submarine treasures of wonderful 1 beauty brrst upon the view—fifhes of b flliant hues glided through the silent depths. The reef-barriers passed, the lecturer transported his htrarer in imagination to the shore, and, having landed him, gave him a glimpse of a native village- lie described the admirable defences constructed by the bijians to defend their corral. The ground was trenched all around, pointed bamboos were driven into the earth- and xuud and water placed over them. This defence was almost impregnable, andwoul: only be taken by surprise, treachery, or fire—the latter element being the most fruitful source of damage, as the houses within the c xral were composed of inflammable ma terial, roofed with thatch. The lecturer here humoroariy described how he had, on entering ahut, the misfortune to sit down inadvertently in a "gieen abomination," made by a medicine TTian for a distinguished patient- The effect which foil wed this involuntary immersion was he same as if the Immersed had been compelled to sit for hours on a mustard plaster. Ast-ongly limned picture was drawn by the lecturer of a great ctief in his barb iric pride In what consisted the vast difference between that splendid specimen of the bmoau animal aid the being {* ""little chief) march in * before him. The distinction was due to polygamy - the treat chi-fs aristocratic claims were derived from the number of wives be was able to keep. A close analogy was then drawn between the polygamic customs of the Fijians, and the traditions in the same direc tion concerning the Ikr&e; Irish patriarchs. The Fijian birthright was Inherited both from the father and the mother. The children by the first wife had a prior right over three of any other wife, the latters offspring not- inheriting from their father. Therewasaaascendingseries of ranks z men who had no fathers, children of aliens, off-pring of inferior right up to the highest chiefs, or godbom heroes. The p^iigrte of a de^cendart of the conquering Norman was nothing to a chiefs.He could trace hi-» origin back to nothingness, and even beyond that. As there were differences in the ranks of chiefs, so were there also tribal distinctions. The lowest tribes were liible to furnish, food for their superior brethren's tables. The past history ot Fiji was a record of savage cannibalism. The way hi which hatred between brother and brother wa* fostered, even by the very mothers of the Fijian race, was graphically described. As an Illustration, the lecturer instanced the mur derous rivalry between ihakambau. the so-called Xing of Fij:, and 1x3 brother liiva leto, which ended in the horrible death of the latter, who, when dying, rallied his fa-t spending strength* and gathered tbe dust together, soaked in. his blood, and threw it into the murderers face with a cur?e. The belief in the existence of an implacable God, who s* made it warm" for the ghost of an unfortunate man or woman who had died without marrying, was alluded to Whena woman died the husband cut off his beard, and placed it under her left arm. When her disembodied spirit reached the "further shore," she produced this hairy marriare certificate, and she was allowed to go free Love and revenge were great sources of Internecine warfare, and it was an undoubted fact that the dark "fair sex" were often responsible for a great deal of sanguinary mi- chief. Kevenge was regarded by the Fijian as a duty. He never forgets an * nemy, and believes that the higher powers compel him to take vengeance for injuries done. If a Tn<in died without attaining his vengeful desire, lie called his nearest Vingmnn to him, and handed down the vendetta. The lecturer closed his remarks by stating that, owing to tbe want of time, he had been able to give only a brief sketch of Fiji as it v/as. iiia peroralio i led up to the fact that our own Sax-ui forefathers were a« savage as the barbarians of Fiji- Even at the present day, although as individual-* civilised beings were drilling to submit their grievances to legal adjudlc* ion, still as nations were they implacable to each other ? and the resources of science -cere taxed to toe utmost to invent engines of wholesale destruction. Xt was to be feared that our boasted civilisation was only skin d?ep." Xapoleon had said *e Scratch the Buss:an, and you -will find the Tartar-" This wr old not be ended until the swords were beaten to ploughshares 2 Till the war drum throbs no longer, and the j battle flags are furled, I In the parliament of man, the federation of I the world. Mr Fison was listened to with unfailing atten tion, and was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. The usual acknowledgment was also made to the chair-Tiac- A coliectir.n was tnlr?™ in aid of the mission fund, which, with Sunday's takings, amounted to £810s. The choir samr at the beginning of the evening, and during the collrctions rendered several anthems in a pleasing mansen. 