SALVATION ARMY HOSPITAL SUNDAY. "Yestordav the Salvation Army held special ser vices for the purpose of raiding money for the (hospital r»fcd asylum, and it is gratifying to learn *thut army's efforts in so good and worthy a «cau*a have proved extremely successful. There is 610 doubt that the fact- of the army having a Hospital Sunday cclcbration to themso ves is the. means of greatly increasing the sum which would be handed over to the charitable institutions were the collections to be taken up on the same day as at the other churches. To add special interest to the cclcbration Commissioner Howard, Major Barker, Staff-officer Heridy and others connected with the army, arrived in the city on Saturday to take part in the proceedings. Yesterday morning a holiuess meeting was held in the barracks, there being a large attendance. Staff-oPiic;3r Hondy addressed the meeting, and lucidly explained the meaning of the word u holi ness." Tho sum of £G 13d Id was obtained. The afternoon was admirably suited for the ser vice in the Camp Reserve, and somo 5,000 people were therefore on the ground3. A procession was started from tho barracks at half-past two o'clock, it being about one of tho largest ever hold by tho army. A feature was the lasses carrying tam bourines, marching in two single lines, the oflicars forming in tho centre. Tho band played several army selections aloug the route, which was down Pall Mall, then round the fountain, and up View Point to the reserve. A stand was taken up on the rise of the hill near Barnard-street. The officers named from Melbourne, Adjutant Vcalo and brothers Skilbeck and Judd, tho latter of the lVison Gate Brigade, addressed the people. Tho collection reached £22 lis Gd. The Royal Princess Theatro was selected iu which to conduct tho evening service. Tlio doors wore thrown open at half-past five o'clock, and by half- past six, the timo appointed for starting, al ' most every part was closely packed, and presented an imposing appearance. After prayer and sing ing Commissioner Howard spoke shortly on soveral vocses from tho 5th chapter of Mark, lie said tho Salvation Army had been the means of proving that what law, prison ond other means of reformation hud not been able to accomplish the religion of the Lord Jesus Christ hid. And men who had been slaves to inclination ond passion had been delivered in a moment-not by tho jiowor of tho law, imprisonment in solitary cells, nor confinement in reformatories, but by that of God. In undertaking the conversion of fouls they had to deal with the heart, and this re quired more than education, social and national law, or a good resolution-tho power of the Holy Ghost. God is morciful, and he asked them to look towards Him for salvation. Major Howard intima'ed that the mcney col lected would be divided between tho hospital and asylum. In Melbourne tho arm}1 staff were activoly engaged in visiting the hospital and distributing War tints in largo numbers, and also in operating with what were called "Hospital Br:gad?8." A number of sisters had placed their services at the disposal of tho army, and these "brigades" visited the patients in tho wards onco a week. Ho hoped tho brigade in Sandhurst, when established, would bo allowed the sarao privilege. Major Barker, Staff-officer Hend}', Captain Harris and others spoke during the service. Several selections wore played by tho band, under the leadership of Mr Tredennick. Tho collection amounted t;i £21 os od, making «, grand total during tho day of £03 10s. Tha expenses will tot up to about £14. 