THE EUSSTiAir-AllMY ANJO WAVY. " (Morning Post). j. THE uncertainty which prevails with regard to the relations between England and Russia, owing to the Afghan frontier! question, imparts additional interest to the state of the Russian military and naval, resources. The condition of the army of' Russia was a fully dealt with in an article which appeared recently in these columns, and it will now be sufficient for the purpose ! to state that, omitting from our calculation ' non-combatants, Russia would in case of war be able to place into the field at once 768,000 infantry, 63,000 riflemen, 56,000 cavalry (included in which force there would be 14 independent cavalry divisions, with 168 guns), increased immediately by about 48,000 combatants by the formation of 79 additional Cossack regiments ; 88,000 artillery, with 3456 guns; and 35,000 engineers. The above figures are based upon a work published quite recently on the Russian army, which enables us to form an accurate estimate of the land forces at the disposal of Russia. The figures given show that that country possesses a field army of 1,038,000 combatants, with over 3600 guns. As, however, according to the same source, in case of a mobilisation, an infantry reserve of 400,000 men would at once be available, the grand total of a possible Russian field army could be raised to 1,438,000 men. But this does not by any means represent the real fighting strength of Russia, for there is available a second reserve, the first class of which would supply nearly 2,000,000 men, whilst no estimate has yet been formed of the number comprised in the second class. It has been observed by a recent writer that Russia is practically unassailable in Europe by England. To some extent the justness of his conclusions must be admitted ; but surely he cannot overlook the fact that in case of hostilities the Russian navy could not hope to successfully cope with that of Great Britain. Akt mists in this country notwithstanding, our navy is still a weapon not to be despised, and the Russian Government knows very well that great injury could be inflicted by our ships. At the same time, it would be folly if we omitted to take into account the defensive power, such as it is, which Russia possesses rather navy. It is true that navy within recent years, receded from the third position, which it formerly occupied, to the seventh place among naval Powers; yet it is still formidable enough to be respected, as the following statement will show. The Russian navy is divided into four divisions, the Baltic Fleet, the Black Sea Fleet, the Siberian Fleet, and the Caspian Fleet, of which, however, only the first two need be taken seriously into account.' The Baltic FieelcorapriseaS2ironclads-namely, รถ turret frigates, 8 armoured cruisers (3 of them building), 1 casement ship, and five battery ships of the old type, all classed as battle ships, besides 13 monitors for coast defence, and all launched before 1867 ; 94 torpedo vessels and boats, 24 cruisers,-namely,2 torpedo ram cruisers , (1 building), 12 clipper ships of the new and 3 of the old type, 1 frigate, and 6 flush decked corvettes, In gunboats of the new and 5 of the old type, 30 yachts namely, 9 steam yachts, steam cutters, and 17 sailing yachts and 79( transport, harbour, the" ships (2 building), of which only 2 are sailing ships (1 building). Total strength of the Baltic fleet : 240 vessels of all classes (of which 6 are under construction). The Black Seafleetcomprises7 ironclads -namely turret ships shall building), 2 Pcpofflcas, and 2 armoured gunboats, 14 torpedo vessels and boats, 7 delivery of the volunteer fleet, 3 auxiliary cruisers ; 86 other unarmoured vessels namely, 2 yachts, 2 flush deck corvettes, 1 screw-steamer, 2 paddle-steamer, 14 screw schooners, 14 vessels classed as steamers, 45 small steamers, 1 mine-ship, and 5 fire-ships. Total strength G Black Sea Fleet : 117 vessels of all descriptions, some of them, however, very old. The three most powerful ships of that division of the Russian fleet are still under construction. As was stated above, the Siberian and Caspian fleets do not count for much, and the latter would only come into requisi- tion in case of an Afghan or Persian war for the transport of troops; but to make this return complete they should be included. The Siberian fleet comprises 6 torpedo boats, 1 clipper, 3 transport vessels, 4 gunboats, 14 steamers of various sizes, and 18 sailing vessels ; total, 46 vessels. The flotilla of the Caspian consists of 3 screw gunboats, 1 screw steamer, 7 paddle steamers, 8 small steam vessels, 8 sailing transports, 3 other sailing vessels, and 3 fire-shins ; total, 33 vessels. As the Caspian would, in case of a war with Afghanistan, become an important route of communication, the deficiency of steam transports ought to be noted. Russia" also possesses some naval material on the sea of Aral, consisting of 6 steamers and about 20 sailing vessels ; but, leaving these, as immaterial, out of the reckoning, the sum total of the Russian Navy amounts to 442 vessels of all descriptions. Of this number, however, a great many are almost useless and con- fining ourselves to really efficient ships, we find that Russia has only 185 of them available for service, 25 being ironclads (IO battle-ships, 13 coast defence vessels of the monitor class, and 2 armoured gunboats), 1 torpedo ram cruiser, 14 torpedo boats, 29 unarmoured cruisers, and 19 gunboats, besides a large number of transports, &c.; We have not included in this estimate 1 casemate ship and 5 battery ships of an old type, nor the 2'Popoffkas ; nor, finally, gunboats and cruisers of antiquated pattern, which would not stand the ghost of a chance in a naval encounter. . In a possible collision in Afghanistan between this country and Russia, only a small proportion of the immense military forces at the disposal of the latter could be utilised at' present. If a struggle were to take place now, Russia would have to draw in the first place, upon the troops located in Turkestan. ! There are at present of regular troops ten battalions of rifles rect united and stationed in the Transcaspian provinces, say about 10,000 seen. There are no data available as to the number of cavalry and artillery garrisoned there, nor of the irregular forces that ould be raised on the spot in the next place, the Russian Government has a large force in reserve in Transcaucasia, which 'it is at liberty to employ either in the direc- 'those of Turkey, Persia, or Afghanistan. Russia has at present permanently stationed in the Transcaucasian provinces an army which, on a peace footing, numbers about ยฃ28 000 men, but which will, no doubt, be largely augmented by the introduction of compulsory military service in that portion of the Empire. In case of war, a considerable portion of the army would probably be shipped across the Caspian by way of Baku and Michailovsk ; but the chief supply of combatants would be drawn from European Russia, over Odessa to Port, and thence by rail to Baku and across the Caspian. The most serious obstacle to the employment of a large force is the difficulty of transport. The Trattscaspian Railway extends at present from Miehailovsk to Kizil Ah vat, 135 miles, only a short way to Herat, which is 523 miles from the Caspian port ; but there can be no doubt that its gradual extension to Askabad, Saiakhs, and Herat is only a question of time. The respite thus granted to England ought to be made good use of. 