LOCAL NEWS. Residents in this district are invited by the Queensland Commissioners to the Colonial Exhibition of 1886, to be held in London, to contribute exhibits represent ing the resources and productions, natural or artificial, of the Colony. The com missioners have appointed Mr. M. Mellor, jm.ju.a., ana Mr. u. a. j. wooacocic w represent the commission in the Mary borough district, and they will furnish information to intending exhibitors. As most newspaper readers are aware, the 1886 Exhibition promises to be one of the greatest displays yet organised in Lon don, and judging by the active interest taken in its inception by the Prince of Wales and a number of enthusiastic co adjutors of high rank, the Exhibition will possess great attractions which should cause an extensive gathering of visitors from all parts of the globe. A meeting of the Regatta Committee was held last night, Messrs. J. Linklater, Roberts, Cheyne, Mactaggart, and Barry more being present. Mr. F. W. Barry more was elected honorary secretary. A provisional programme was drawn up, very similar to that of last year, with the addition of a junior pair-oar race. With the object of exciting increased interest iu the regatta among the public, several of the races will be rowed with a turn, thus affording a view of the whole race, par ticularly the start aud finish. The Champion race, iu consequence of the state of the tide, will be pulled down the river from the Tiuaua Creek junction. A sample of sugar caue taken from au acre of the plant growing at the Tsis, has been shown to us as proof of the sugar growing qualities of the Isis soil. The patch was planted in April last by Mr. John Hendle, on behalf of Mr. Clarke, of Eatouvale, on land formerly belonging to the late Mr. Russeli, and although entirely uncared for, the produce is fiue healthy sticks about 7 feet in leugth. The country is described as closely resembling the Woongara scrub, aud of exceeding richness. At the Police Court yesterday before the Police Magistrate, Charles Durham, ou a charge of c ittle stealing near Roma, was remanded for 4 days. Francis Smith for surreptitiously obtaining a passage from Brisbane by the Truganini, was fined 10s or 4 days imprisonment. A man on whose portmanteau the name of ' S. Morgan' appears, died sud denly iu the cloaet of White's Temper ance Hotel, Gympie, on the 19th instant. Beyond the cirenmstance that he went to Gympie from Maryborough the day before, nothing is known of him. Tue Gympie Agricultural aud Pas toral Society have fixed on Wednesday aud Thursday, 24th and 25th June uext, for the dates of the annual show, and appointed a sub-committee to draw up a prize schedule. . Racing men are reminded that nomi nations for the Tattersall's Racing Club handicaps, to be run at Maryborough on April 10th, will finally close at the Royal Hotel at 8 o'clock this evening. Weights for the Gympie handicaps will be de clared to-day. This is how the editor of the Cooktown Independent with a few strokes of his magic pen, smashes up the Gladstone Government, a task which Messrs. Salisbury, Northcote, Churchill & Co., aided by the Tories of England, Irelaud, and Scotland, and the diplomatic wire pullers of Continental despots, have been unsuccessfully trying to accomplish for more than four years. Says the very irascible Cooktown Scaramouch :— ' The crushing majority of 130 in the House of Lords in favor of the vote of censure, and the miserable majority of 14 against it in the Commons, is as emphatic a defeat as the most bitter enemies of Gladstone could have desired. It is probable that, relying on the popularity of the Franchise Bill and its additional voting power, the ' Graud Old Mau' may risk au appeal to the country, but we sincerely hope that he will now retire and allow youuger men to steer the shin of State clear of the rocks and shoals among which he has grounded it. The larger towns may be true enough to Liberalism at any price, but the counties aud the small boroughs will demand a change of Government. The ghost of Gordon should aloue be sufficient to clear the Treasury benches of Gladstone, Gran ville, Derby, and Co.' Time was when the Dalliy Jicraid enjoyed the distinction of being the only provincial jourual in this colony courageous enough to de nounce the misconduct of Mr. Gladstone aud his colleagues ; but, single-handed, the Herald was unable to comnass their overthrow. Now, however, that Cook town is making common cause with Dalby a change in English public opinion and the adveut of a Tory administration must be regarded as certainties of the immediate future. It is to be hoped that the coming Conservative Premier will uot overlook the claims of the Dalby and Cooktown editors to distinction — the first pair of legless garters should be bestowed upon them. — Western Star. The following practical letter on the timber royalties appeared in the Brisbane Courier .-—'Previous to Mr. GriflSth get ting into office timber-getters could get a license to cut any sort of hardwood timber upon Crown lands for £3 per annum, but now he has only to pay 5s. per annum, and for getting the licenses so cheap he has to pay 6d. per 100ft. Say two men cut 12,000ft. per week, which would amount to £3 per week, or £156 in the year instead of £6 ; and suppose he cuts piue or beech he pays Is. per 100ft., he has to pay £312 instead of £10 ; and if he cuts cedar 2s. per 100ft., which amounts to £624 instead of £10. That is the work ing man's friend of free Queensland. It is the duty of every honest man, no mat ter what position he may be situated in to do his best in every legal way to over throw the present Government, and put men into power that will make laws that will be for the general good of all, and not for a few (Jueeu-street men. Money is being spent to bring immigrants out here, to what is called a free country, and then tax them upou their daily labor. In conclusion, if Mr. Griffith persists iu Cutting these regulations into force, I ope that he will put a duty of 3s. per 100ft. upon all timber that is imported, which will enable working men to pay the royalty.' At the Brisbane Police Court on Saturday, Frederick William Morris, master of the Archer, appeared iu answer to a summons charging him with having committed a breach of thequarau tiue regulations by landing his passen gers at a wharf iu Brisbane without having passed a medical examination at Lyttoii. Mr. Baxter Bruce prosecuted. Captain Morris pleaded guilty; but stated that as Sydney had been pro claimed a free port, he did not think it was necessary to stop ut Lytton. On previous occasions he had been stopped at Lytton, but on this occasion such a course was not pursued, aud hu, there fore, thought that it was all right, aud consequently proceeded up tue river, aud he did uot wilfully commit a breach of the regulations, lie was fined in the minimum penalty — £50; in default, three mouths' imprisonment. The fine was immediately paid.— Te!-iy-ap/i. A xi nu occurred at Bureuda stutiou last , week, which destroyed 100 bales of wool. TiiE ilbfuourne Age of lGth March had H a paragraph stating that information of a ? very serious nature nad reached the polios ? authorities on Sunday, the effect of wWpll ? was to cause some excitement. dBJCWas ^M stated that it was not consideredjapjlent H to make the idHUigence pubflRQt pre sent, but that itTnight be stowd that it had been deemed advisable' to take im mediate precautions for' the safety of Government House, the powdermaga zine at Footecray, and some other impor tant public properties. The paragraph went on to state that the Chief Commis sioner of Police had placed Bix mounted constables on guard at the powdermaga zine, and four picked men at Govern ment House ; aud that a special messen ger had been sent to Captain Thomas, Me commandant of the naval forces, and to the officers in command of the Cer berus. The paragraph further said that . these precautionary measures had no' ,doubt been taken in view of possible danger, and to guard against mischief, which, from the tenor of the warning as officially received, might be intended from a secret foe, whose designs, being known, might be more easily frustrated. The paragraph naturally caused a little tatk iu Slelbourue, but the Argus says there was no foundation for the insinu ations contained iu it. Fb -m the -S. M. Jlerald's report of the recent International Cricket match, we gather that heavy rain which fell on the morning of the third day quite altered the condition of the wicket from what it was ou the previous day when Bonnor made his big score. The detailed reports of the game show that during the Eng lishmen's second innings, Spofforth and Palmer's bowling bumped dangerously and several of the batsmen were badly knocked about. The Herald says : — It was just that class of wicket on which first-class English teams meet at home ahd play out a match in a day, and it is acknowledged throughout the cricketing world that Spofforth and his fellow mani pulators of the leather have no compeers as to destructiveness when the turf is wet and 'sticky.' The palm has been awar ded for the second time to Australia's representatives. Although the English fielding and their harmony of action iu the field are unapproached, yet the vanquished themselves admit that the bowling talent of Australia, with its attendant courageous batting, forms a combination which it is hard to beat. Detective Clark, who has been stationed here for several years, has been apprised of the fact that he has been transferred to Maryborough, (says the Rockhampton Bulletin). A new station has been opened mere, ana consequently he will be the first member of the detec tive force of the colony appointed for service there. During his residence in Rockhampton he has fulfilled his duties generally with credit to himself. As an unassuming and discreet officer he has made many friends, who will regret to learn of his intended departure. We hope his removal will result in au augmentation ot salary, as at present he ranks only as a constable. His successor here will be Senior-detective Anderson, chief of the detective force in the metro polis, who has seen much service, and is spoken of as a strict and clever officer. His rank is equal to that of sub-inspector. Those who are concerned in poultry breeding will learn with interest that Mr. Theodore Wood, of Farron on the Crocodile Road, has made a valuable addition to the stud at that establish ment. Mr. Musson has received a tele gram from Mr. Wood, dated from Sydney to the effect that he has purchased the whole of Mr. Tom Cadell's (of Oran Park, Narellan, N.S.W.), justly famous pure bred poultry, consisting of breeds known as 'Black Hamburghs' 'Brown Leg horns,' etc., the whole of which he in tends for the Farron Poultry Farm, near Rockhampton. Some of the birds that Mr. Wood has been lucky enough to buy have been imported at heavy expense from both Ainerica and England, iu which countries they have carried off many first prizes at the principal shows. Dull- tin. Tin-; preseut stagnation in the sugar B business has (says the Townsville Bulletin) B brought into existence an anomalous B state of thi ngs, namely, the return of that B article from the market to the plantation . ? at which it was originally grown and manufactured. Yesterday the schooner Edith Mary put into port en route from Brisbane to Mourilyan Harbour with a considerable quantity of ration sugar. Being unable to find a market at Bris bane, or anywhere else in fact, in that condition, the owners decided upon hav ing it refined. It can scarcely be said that more money will be made out of the refined article, but rather that the loss will be less than had it been disposed of iu its inferior condition. The process of refinement will be carried on at the Mourilyan Sugar Company's mill. Passengers by the A.S.N. Co.'ss.s. Katoomba, on her trip from the south (says the JJuUetin); report a strange occurrence which transpired about four o'clock on Thursday afternoon, when the steamer was passing Bustard Head. Mr. W. Forsytb, of Range Downs, near Emerald, was sitting on a chair on the poop conversing with a lady passenger distant from him only a few feet, and his curiosity was excited by a peculiar noise. Ou looking up he observed a large fish tumbling about in the air, and before he had time to speak it struck the back of the chair on which the lady was reclin ing and broke it. The ' denizen of the deep ' then flopped on to the deck, and broke its head. On examination it was found to be a kingfish of 40 lbs. weight. The Ipswich Advocate says : — An: ad- vertisement in another column an nounces that the Government have de cided to extend the time for receiving Tendeis for the new railway workshops here as through an oversight the insertion of the usual advertisements in the local papers was overlooked. The date fixed at present for receiving the tenders is Thursday the 2nd of April. A man named Robert Wilson was arrested at Mount Morgan, by virtue of a warrant taken out against him by a party of gentlemen who visited Mount Morgan early last week. Wilson, it seems, is charged with attempting to administer quick-silver to the visitors by the agency of some food. He was remanded for eight days. ? 