To Correspondents. Old Tontine" writes:—"Would you kindly inform me if there is any chance of the4 Tontine Distribution' (in Syd ney) ever, coming oif ? If not, is tliere any chance of us subscribers getting back our money ?" This question is a mystery. I am inclined to think " Old Tontine" has been got at. There is no such thing as a " distribution" in "tontine." Let me try and explain. The old tontine system was a Sort of pool. A number of persons put in an equal amount of money, which was banked at interest. When all had died but one person, that survivor took the pool. For instance, say that ten men put in £100 each. When nine men have died, the 10th survivor takes the sum of £1000 with accumulated interest. , I have been unable to discover that there was ever such a tontine in Sydney. There was, I believe, one at Ballarat, Victoria, in the old diggings days, and that should have fallen due by this time. Now, however, the old system of tontine is done away with and prohibited in every colony by Act of Parlia ment. That which is now called tontine is really no ton tine at all. The word is a misnomer as now applied. What is now called tontine is simply a system of deferred bonuses. Thus : A can insure his life for 10, 15, or 20 years. That is to say, the insurance company covers the risk of his life for the period agreed upon. Say, it is 20 years. If A die during that 20 years, his heir or lieirs get the amount of his policy. If A live through the 20 years, then, he may (according to his own choice) accept an annuity, with the policy still due on his death ; or may close his transactions with the insurance company by the receipt of a lump sum, representing, the value of his pay ments, to which are added the deferred bonuses. That is modern tontine, and, as I have said, it is no tontine at all. There is no such thing as a " tontine distribution," so that if anyone has baen extracting money out of my correspon dent " Old Tontine," by holding out h^pes of a " distribu tion," there can be no doubt that the attair was a swindle. Will "Old Tontine" let me know under what circum stances he became a subscriber to this supposed " tontine distribution ?" Scenb in an Inland Village."—What does it all mean ? I am ignorant of any of your local events to which it is pertinent. And I don't care to publish explosive comment about matters of which I have no knowledge. Would the references be understood ? And as to what ? Thanks for expressions of good-will. Clippings."—Thank you, I don't think your " Odds aud Ends" would be of much value tj me. I could fill up the Figabo with clippings, if I chose, as my exchanges are legion; but I prefer to have original matter, except in raro instances. Many of those sent are gray-bearded. Nox Zghinck."—Thanks, thou fiend of the ungodly name. Are vou any relation to Jinx ? Enquirer, Ar,amac."— There are three Building Societies in Brisbane, viz.—Brisbane Permanent Bailding Society, J. L. Bale, Adelaide- street; City and Suburban Permanent Building Society, H. J. Oxley, 223 Queen- street; and the South Brisbane Permanent and Suburban Building and Investment Society, D. Mapleston, secretary, offices. Queen-street and Stanley-street. The last-named is of recent birth. I believe all three are safe investments. You should send to each for its last report and other particu lars. Then, judge for yourself The Clown."—Owing to having to go to press so early with my last ispue, which was a double Xuyis number, your letter of enquiries came too late to be then answered. If the replies are any good to you now, here they are1. No. 2. He wis the best three-year old performer Queens land ever saw, but not the best performer all round. 3. No. Old Codger."—It takes something more than quaint spell ing to bring anything up to the Artemus Ward standard. It requires humour. Turn over your " goste" story and dig me out any crystal of humor you can find there; and I'll have another try at reading it. At present it has utterly defied the dynamite of my criticism, and remains as stolidly serious as a sea- sick hard-shell Baptist. A would-be Swaddie."—The Queensland Defence Force can be formed whenever the Government chooses. The Defence Bill has received the G-overnor's assent, and is now a . full-fledged Act of Parliament. There ore both infantry and artillerymen; also a naval force. The minimum term of service is three years. Respecting pay, I have not at present the informal ion. A letter to the Staff Office would doubtless receive prompt attention, so soon as arrange ments are in good swing. Military districts are to be proclaimed, after which look out for military advertise inents that are sure to follow. Will for the Deed."—One suitable and used, Thanks T'other very snide,. "E.S.W."—Thanks for the general permission to give up your name, if called upon. But I shall not do so, unless I receive special permission for each or any particular item that inay be cavilled at. In such cases, I always ask express per mission of my correspondents. If they give it, 0 K.; if they don't, still O.K.—my mouth is sealed. Barring, of course, should any cases of patent rascality turn up. "Echo."—I did not keep the rhyme. It's only a trivial inci dent after all. I cannot chronicle every case in which a rider get 3 a buster off ahorse. I would if real humor or wit could he introduced into the narration. Thanks for the social item. " J.B.W."—Tour correspondence came to hand altogether late. I have used part of it, for which thanks; but I de cline to publish the individual reference to the " seven footer;" it has no public interest and has not enough humour in it to carry it without. I wish correspondents would remember to send their communications by earliest mail, whenever they have anything to say. " X.Y.Z."—What's in it ? Certainly not rhyme; certainly not rhythm; certainly not reason; certainly not sentiment; certainly not humour. Because " the pa and the ma" are a loving couple, why should that "provoke peals of laughter from even a Turk." I fear the Christmas season has been too much for your gigantic brain. If you have any more of the same sort in your doggrel-factory, I'd advise you to put it to a nobler use than it can possibly serve if sent to me. Peed the pigs with it. " Semper Idem."—Glad once more to have the trouble of puzzling out your caligraphy. You will find most of your welcome items used. I welcome with a sympathetic whoop your statement that everybody up your way upholds Figaro's views of the M'Neil and Williams cases. We had a hard job to get the sentences commuted, but, thank God ! a legal murder has been prevented. So far, Figaeo has been the only paper that has taken the one proper stand— viz., that the men were not, in my opinion, conclusively proved guilty of the crimes for which they were tried, and that, therefore, they are unjustly in prison. If they de serve imprisonment for kidnapping, I hold that they should be tried and found guilty by a jury of that specific crime; but, not having been tried for that offence, they should not be at uresent incarcerated. "A Juryman in 1865" writes, advising me to hunt up particu lars of a case where a man was tried in Rockhampton in 1865 before the then Chief Justice on a charge of having mur- dered a blackfellow. Says my correspondent:—" He was discharged because no one could positively swear that the man was dead, although several had witnessed the carry- ing away of the apparently dead body by other blacks, who afterwards said the man was dead." All right, my dear " Juryman." It is pitiable that a huge mass of legal and medical testimony comes limping in not till after the con- viction of M'Neil and Williams. Men who really had the fates of these men at heart should not only have forwarded early word to the press, but would have been justified in tendering their technical evidence to the learned Counsel for the defence. Had medical evidence rebutted Dr. Thomson's professional opinion, it might have put a differ ent aspect of the cases before the Court. However, the reprieve has been granted to M'Neil and Williams, and it is sheer waste of time to re- open the legal and medical points involved. " Biz."—You will find your question answered in part of the reply (just below this) to " Arthur E. Stair." "Arthur E. Stair." — The subscription to Queensland Pdnch is 6s. per annum in advance; the sum of £1 will cover 14 months subscription to both Queensi.ind Punch and Queensl • nd Figaro. Back volumes (bound) of Queensland Punch and of Queensland Figaro can be obtained from Messrs. Gordon and Gotcli, Queen-street, Brisbane, with the exception of "Vol. I of Punch, every copy of which has been sold. (Perhaps, however, some of my readers may have such a volume for sale.) Gordon and Gotch retail each bound volume at 10s. " W.P." begs to forward me "a short poem" which he has " composed on M'Neil and Williams's case." He considers that the *' enclosed poem will be appreciated by" my readers. " W.P." is too modest. The poem is a wild un tutored gem, and is warranted to be loaded and on the hair trigger. There need never have been any public demonstrations about M'Neil's and Williams's reprieve, could the gifted author but have obtained permission to visit the condemned men in the gaol, and had he then read the " short poem" to them. On hearing it, they must have given up their agonised ghosts instanter. I've already lost two sub-editors who died the death of maniacs after wading through the "poem." I had to put a lay-preacher on to criticise it at last. Nothing can kill a lay-preacher. Mine reports that" the poem is a weird maze of nothingness and soars grovellingly into the everywhere of whenceness." This is highly gratifying. Of course, 1 can't expect a soar ing genius like " W.P." to tie himself down to either rhythm or rhyme. The rhythm "is all over the ship," and the rhyme is chiefly remarkable for the correct and orthodox manner in which it is totally absent. The • • poet" makes '• sea" rhyme with " jury;" " M'Neil" to "been(!);" "pets to "yet (!!);" "—ment" to "meant (!!!)" However, there's one comfort, " W.P." wrote on foolscap, of a size that will hold a decent quantity of fishing-bait. 