SPORTING NOTES. THE TCJRF. Victoria Racing Clur Autttiik meeting. (from ouil melbourne correspondent.) Thursday, -Uth February. The second forfaits for the Australian Cup and New market Handicap were declared this afternoon, and the following horses wore loft in. though the number may bo reduced by scratching made iu Syduey and Adelaide, whieli have not yet beeureceivod here Nkwmakkf.t Handicap.—Welcome Jack, Garfield, Battalious, Sir Garnet, Rliuk Bonny. Prometheus, Conin^sby, Middlemarch, Duenna, Topaz, The Ghost, Kind's Own, Mistake, AniLdia Victoria, Sheet Anchor, Salvo, St. John, Alphabet, Velocipede, Mascott, Town Mo^r, L.ivin»»ton, Coronet, X.nnfippe, Bohemian, Hannibal, Surrey, Westbury, Marie Louiso, Leporello, Claudine. Afsr/tALrA^* Ccr. — Commotion, Welcome Jack, Plunder, Guesswork, Oil Color, Sardius, Coriolanus, David, Sir Garnet, Hilltop, Riucwood, Silver Kinj, Sheet Anchor, F{eIeuo, Brown aud Rose, Coronet, Acolvte, Miuerva, Stornaw-xv. CRICKET. A match wai played at Cherry Tree on "Wednesday between the Y.M.C.A. and Hairdressers, which re sulted in a draw. The Y.M.C.A. put, together 52; Mahatfy, 10; Palmer, 8: Andrews, 7; and Kinir, f> (not out), ware the principal acorer*. 'Die 'Pressfrs had made -H- for the loss of S wickets when time was called; the principal contributors were Barry, li»; and Parker, 11 {not out). Skillicorn, with sis wicker* for S runs, botvled best for the Chriatiansjaml O'Neill and Parker for the Hairdressers. A match was pin vod yesterday but ween the Yonnir Australians and the Scotch College, which resulted in a victory for the College by an innings ami 57 runs to spare. The chief scorers were Iioeder, 05 (not ont'i, B'a mires, .'i0; Lloyd, 29, for the College? for the Youm? Australians Wiiliruns, 6 and 2; Hicks, :> and ti. The bowling wns divided between Iloeder and Moller, who both did the " Hat trick;" Hicks and Thorn trundled well for the losers. The final niateh for the Owen and Transton trophy between the North Bendico Juniors and the Capulettf, will be commenced at California Gnllv on Saturday, commencing at 2.«'J0 o'clock. The following will repre sent the Capulets team Martin, Comber, Allen, Donovan, Skimmiujr, Conroy, M'Pherson, Crowe, Thompson, Harris, Horsftetd. Reserve— Clarey, Ful ton, Gri?j,', Stokes. Umpire, U. O'Neill. Owiinjtothe cup march on Saturday between the Capulets ami rhe North Eeudi^o Juniors, the match arranged between the Capulets and West Uendiiro will bo cancelled, in consequence oi the inability of the Capulets to %ut a term. As the junior cup match commences on Saturday next, the North Bendiiro Juniors wilJ be unable to obtaiu a team to compete with the Crown on that day. The M'lvor.road defeated the North Sandhurst in the Reserve on Wednesday by .5* runs, the sores beiau' —M'lvor-road, 24 and 9.'>; North Sandhurst, 10 and tl. Dunue :I1, and Dowd 10, batted well for the winners, and Uarnduif S, and Meagher i) for the losers. J. "Ward, six wickets for six; G. Grellis, three for nine: and Con noil, two for tlve: bowled well for the winners, as did M'Vei^h and Meagher for the L-ser.-*. The second eleven of North Bendiuo and the E.i;-le hawk Juniors met on Wednesday at North Heruli^n, the trame resulting in a draw in favor of the home team. M'Kenzie iH, H. Youlden It, W. Matcou 12 playing well for the north, and Heu'^arty 0 not out, Hall 7, for the Juniors; the totals beim* North 00, Juniors 5 North Bendi'*o v. B.U.C.C. at North Bendiu'o to morrow". North BvmlL<o team:—Harry (2), YouMeii (-), Roach. Calvorley, Hicks, Roberts (ilj, Chappie, £bbotfr. Li.U.C.C. t-Miii.—Baylis*, J. Berwick, 0. H. Chirk, Houston, Kerr, G. Mackav, A. Maekav, ManaU lack, Parker, A. J- Pearce, and Osborne. Ea~lehawk Juniors v, Golden Gully at Eaclehawk to-morrow. Juniors:—Hall, Harvoy Altwater, Simmonds, Bobbins, Baldoek, Iu^loby, He^arty, Bartle, Hooper. Rjs-.-rve—Ford, Metcalf, ami Stun ning. Coachbuilders v. B.U.C.C. (second eleven) at Back Crock to-morrow. Coachbuildcrs' team:— Ajrnow, C^rr,Cole (2), Dean, Gardiner, Jarretr, Lever, Lord, Mappiu, O'Xeil, Orr, Rumble, Trevena, Way, and Wright. B.U.C.C. team:—Brow, Brookman, Connelly, Davie*-, Gale, Gambeita, J. M'Leau, Lester, Hamilton, Robin and Stembel. E l'.C.C, v. Southern Cross, at Ea;,'Iehawk to morrow*. Ea^lehawk teamBartle, Davey, Flett, Gray. Jackson, Keust, Matoort, Richards. R. Harvey, Turner, Hull. Reserve.—Moorhead, Hooper, Jones. Cross team Ho_mu (3), BolYey. Hamilton, Kerr, Stephens, Powell, Brennan, Alltlay, Bell, M'Phersou, Grelis, Burratr, Considine, Carrol, Downes. COITKSLN'G. Our correspondent, writing vestorday, savsThe lirst meeting of the Castlemaine Fox Terrier Club took on Wetinesdav on the Wattle Flat Reserve. w:w a lar^e attendance, and creat interest was taken in the coursing. Mr. J. T. Philpots, of Yadeeu, acted as jnd^e, and Mr. Skues acted as slipper, both of whom ^ave every satisfaction. In the lirst round Mr. William's Jock beat Mr. Jackson's Charlie, 3Ir. Cun nack's Punch beat Mr. A. Halford's Nicholas, Mr, Fonnison's Mack beat Mr. W. Haltord's Charlie, Mr. Cavan.iich's Moonie beat Mr. Jackson's Jessie, Mr. Toofoli's Credit beat Mr. Cavanach's Snider, Mr. Job's B'smarck ran a bye. First Round.—Mack bout Jock, Moonie beat Credit, Bismarck boat Punch. Final Evs:nt.—Mack beat Bismarck and wen the stakes. Bismarck ran exceedingly well throughout the meeting, and waa looked upon as a sure winner Considering that this was the tirst meeting of the club everything passed oil very satiMaot^rily. It \a prob able that once the iclub becomes established more in terest will fee taken in the meeting. 