n' ACT A POPULI. . ? & ? ? — ?J iCr u r By ehe FiiAitoue. ? What an exciting, exhilarating, and ennobling :Y0 week; 'the past has been for New South 'Wales. '-'..';(f.' It was a week during which ve literally covered ?r'.r'. ourselves to the ears with glory — and mud. It : ?.? ? was a time that ?will be remembered when the Deluge, and the Guy Fawkes' Plots, and the sup ? isression of Fenianism by the Kiama Ghost will : , ? ' . be wiped away back to the carboniforous period of oblivion, for it was a time which proved that ?while we can do great things still, wo can also turn our hands to matters which are in an equal degree both base and foolish. Taking our great deeds first, we have most emphatically secured the rowing championship of the world from the strongest man that ever held it, and pur lovely harbour has, of course, another . , honourable chapter added to its world-wide cele ? brity. Great as our victory was, however, it wac made a hundredfold more; valuable by reason of the sterling honesty of the men engaged in the tussle. Even Rumour held her detracting tongue, .'; and not the breath of suspicion was whispered against either ohampion. It would have been too inuoh joy for us, and our natural bashful modesty ?would hare perhapo suffered, had Beach been an Australian born ; but as he was only a picanniny ?when he landed, he can no doubt thank the genial land of Australia for a deal of hie pluck and stamina. Therefore wo aro only called upon to nod a slight 'Here's your.hoalth old lady ' to the mother-country on this occasion. Touching Hanlan it is somewhat hard, to oay whether lie has not gained more in the good esteem, of his fellow men by his defeat than he ?would have done had;he conquered, for the frank manly way in which he owned up. that the best !/j man had won is now the theme of as much ad miration as the victory is to Beach. Of the two lessons taught to our rioing Australian youth, JTanlan's honest, straightforward admission, and hi ?, gentlemanly conduct in general since he has been amongst us, is the one'our young men would gain most by copying, for while the Canadian a-?=- mits having found his superior in pulling a boat, the whole world declares that as an honest man he can hold his own with all. In this 3ense he ?J was fortunate in meeting with such a straight '„ r going opponent as Beach, for this race is one of ?'- the rather few in which we all agree thacthe best man won on his merits. It is seldom good to be a phenomenal champion, for the best of men have their day, and therefore the most prudent thing to do. is to prepare for the cloudy days while yet ?the sun is shining. There is but one regret over i these athletie contests, and it lies in the fact that ?while we spend our tens of thousands on them it is with the greatest difficulty that a paltry 'fiver' can be raised for the encouragement of poetry, painting, music, or the like kindred arts. ' .This, however, has nothing to do with the athletes themselves, as no man is expected to call out offensively smelling fish, and so to-day we join in j sincerely congratulating both Beach and Hanlan. on what was to all intents and purposes a grand and glorious victory:for both. Now we turn to our other victory, the Cadmrean, ;or victory in which the conqueror suffered as much if not more than the eonquered, This is the great success in which we covered ourselves with mud as a set-off against our superabundant glory, and K ' it is a win of which about only one man in our midst would be proud, that man being the re cently appointed Duke of Argylo — God bless him — t-to a certainextent. When reminded by his opponent that he had recently declared he, Sir 'Enry, had retired from political life for positively the last time and would never appear on a hust \- ; ings again, our worthy Duke, like the Pina fore Bailors, at onco exclaimed ' What, nevah ! ' and then was kind enough to explain that . theie was some misunderstanding about the exact words ho littered. As a rule there s 'generally is somejl difference of opinion on .' most things Sir 'Enry says and does'. That i little matter of .£1 for cab hire, over which a worthy Campbelltown gentleman seemed to be so anxious, and that other small affair of the Taralo-a o man's SA, are instances of this, but, of course, these parries were in the wrong entirely. For a -;.-. gentleman who means so well, and is always in the right, it is somewhat strange that Sir 'Enry .., is so often misunderstood. This probably -?/'. accounts for the fact that no one seems .j.s.;; -to know for certain what took Sir 'Enry ;r;;.': to Argyle at all. The Soudan excuse didn't ?'? ? ? last a single day, and of all put forward since the ''.'?;;? most plausible is that the Duke holds a brief for ' ... the Bank of New South Wales, and is acting ;....! bravely for the causo entrusted lm care. This, however, is but one of the many reports put for Yrard, and the general uncertainty of Sir 'Enry's recent actions is such ao to justify our apply ing to him tho opinion held by the Right Honor ; ;...'.. able Robert Lowe of Sir Charles Cowper, viz : that ? - , if that gentleman saw the gaten of heaven thrown open for his admission, he would not walk through straight, but wriggle in. One thing only . is certain, and it is this — tho mon who placed Sir , 'Enry in power will be tho first to havo cause to regret their action, y One other matter in connection with the '?'.' Argyle campaign is the way in which the victori ous Duke threw his old and trusty friend John Davies completely overboard when taxed as to hio relations with that distinguished spelling-bee ex-champion. Amongst the many random shots fired at Sir 'Enry's head was tho query, ' What about John Davies ?' This in itself was a harm less question and one easily answered because there in quite a great deal about John on which a friend could dilate if he chose. There is his gingham for instance, almost as historic now as j/aotor Alien a ; tnore 13 111a Diana sniue, his unctuous grasp of the hand on polling days, and a thousand other interesting little itenin on which a man who know him once as weil as Sir Hal could touch pleasantly for months j but tho chosen one of Argyle did nothing of the kind. Just at prosont, John Jannerry D. and the tririnrphant are at totally different ends of the see-saw altogether, and hence we find that on the kindly query being put Sir 'Enry waxed warm, and indignantly replied, ' How vory silly to ask such a question. I never had anything to do with John Daviou — I never had any acquaintance with him. Who is John Davies ?' If I remombor rightly Cain made a somewhat similar demand when taxod with the murder of his brother Abel. It is by no moans the only record of Sir 'Enry having gone back on his best friends 'when he honestly believed the country would be benefitted by his so doing.' These are his own words, and would read very funnily wero it not sometimes in Sir 'Enry's power to do a great wrong undo l* the pretence that he was sacrificing his ovra personal feelings for the sake of tho public good. Taking it on the whole the Davios episode was a beautiful little thing in its way, and reminds me forcibly of a pleasing little tale with a moral irhioh jogs in this fashion : — A citizen having heard that his neighbour was scandalising him, called round at the office for an exjalanation. 'Haven't I always spoken well of you and yours ?' he asked. ; ' Oh, yes.' . ' Haven't I lent you my snow shovel, my flat irons, and my coffee mill for these many years past ?' ' Yes, but—' ' But what ! What on earth could have induced you to throw out hints that my aunt was my uncle ?' ' Why, my dear sir, your snow shovel is broken, your flat irons too old to be of further use, and your coft'eo mill will no longer grind. How can I longer neighbour with auch a man ?' MORAL : 'When you can't livo off a neighbour make him sorry for it. John's little mill grinds but poorly now, and so it is most unceremoniously cast out on the political dungheap of Argyle. Up to the present date I have not started off for the Soudan shivoo, and as things stand to-day, the chances are I will be still longer in the same situation. First of all, my avowed intention was to fight for the Mahdi, but judging from the quite too utterly liberal reward, the worthy Prophet ladled out to Mr.Fafagh Pasha, the gentleman who betrayed Khartoum, t am afraid that any definite action on my part in favour of the Mohammedan cause would be met by a display of favours altogether too great for a sick man like myself to bear. Faragh Pasha betrayed the city, and was promptly hanged by the Mahdi for his trouble. This style of rewarding a good deed has its merits, inasmuch as it puts the recipient out of the way of ever bothering us for any more of our favours. And really, when 0110 thinks quietly over Sir 'Enry's recent denial of the man who so often rallied round his flag, there seems to be a deal of the Mahdi about the Duke of Argyle — that is to say, in the way of rewarding his followers. Apart from this, however — well, there are some who think it would be better for the bulk of the world if Sir 'Enry was in the other False Prophet's baggy breeches to-day, and Argylo was represented by the Mahdi. Disowning John Davies. — In the ill-tempered diatribes to which Sir Henry Parkes treated the electors of Argylo even his friends were not spared. An elector very pertinently asked him during one of his speeches ; ' What about John Davies ?' and Sir Henry's reply was characteristic of the manner in which he has treated those who have been most useful to him during his whole politi cal career. This is how he sneered at the half forgotten C.M.G. : — ' How silly to ask such a question. He never had anything to do with John Davies — never had any acquaintance with him.' This from the man who accuses people of lying and re-lying until they are black in the face, is pretty good. Stock Losses. — Some attempts have been made by the Government to arrive at an estimate of the losses sustained by the colony from the effect of the great drought of last year. The items of loss may be thus briefly stated. The horses of the colony ill 1884 numbered 320,904, and in 1885 310,915, or a 'decrease of 10,019 ; the cattle fell from 1,010,753 in the former period to 1,408,353 in the latter, or a diminution of 232,400 ; and the sheep declined from 37,334,000 to 31,517,000, being a falling off of 5,817,000. And the total loss to the jmstoral interest is set down as equal to about four and 11 quarter millions sterling. This is a very heavy blow to sustain, and its effect on the general prosperity of the colony may be judged from the oircum Btance that even these large figures have rather a reassuring effect, falling short, as they do, of the estimate of disaster in the mind of the commeria 1 public. 1 