SPORTING. ANSWERS to correspondents. TURF. _ q a .t c St Letter, won by The Jrekc"sIiwKtaR wu ««ud and Sandal third. Iho g" hales rodo Grand Flaneur on each occasion. iLn. -Nominations In Victoria do not be- mftaldlbrongh tho death of tho nominator. N B. Fraliran.— Don Jnan won a handicap at Canl- -.X'&iTwontlie; Melbourne Cup. w F L. lllgh-strcet. Prahran.— Sco answer to N.B. 'if no tlmo Is specified for tho closing of en- triM>c list shall not bo dosed until midnight on tho "'usI- Commotton has not been withdrawn from "m CauiflcidCop, but wo cannot aojr ivhother his owner tntCllJS tO Btftft 111 UL it. Douuybrook.— Joseph Morrison rodo Smuggler; vototcer was ridden by James Ashworth. Wast.— Donald Nicholson has ncrcr ridden a Mol- bourno Cup winner, MrstET— The conditions of thornco provided that horses which were maidens on tho day of general entry cS compete, therefore Nordenfeldt was duly quuU- ' firol.tA.— Horse and rider wcro both disqualified for tielre months, Coifo.-Mr. E. T. Barnard Is hnndicappor to tho Victoria Amateur Turf Club. W. P.— Mr. J. 0. Rcltl'a horse, Tho Ghost, Is by Hamlet-Mystery. r. J— Tlio minimum weight allowed under tho Y.R.C.' rules in a liurdlo race Is 9 st. , and in a steeple chase 9 st 7 lb. Wahuawk.— srartini Henry started first favorite for the Champion Kace won by Lo Grand. St Simo,— 1. Mr. J. Whlttingbnm's more, Aspen, won tho Newmarket Handicap In 1B80 and 1881. 2. Maluft was ridJen by C. Iveuiy in both tlio Newmarket Handicap and Adelaide Cup; Mr. J. O. Inglla rode him in the Coalfield Cup last year and A. Robertson in tho Melbourne Cup T C Maffra.— The steeplcchoso Iiorse, Himalaya, was' trained by the late R. Rotvo and ridden by R. Ratty on tiie occasion referred to. jACsa-lioolka by Glorious— Bridget ; SL Lawrenco by Glorious— Perfection. J. ft, W'ootlead.— Woodlands was not placed by the judge. CinDiGAK.— Mr. James White has won more Morlbyr ponc plates (three) than any other owner. Mr. James Wilson owned only two winners but trainod three, Arcus Scandal, Dagmar and Maid of all Work, tho two latter being his own proporty and tho first named Mr. J, Thompson's. G. W., Mansfield.— An objection on tho grounds of a cross must bo rando in writing, the grounds upon which the objection is mode stated, and signed by the objector within a qunt ter of an hour of the finish. M. L. M.— Tho Barb was 3 years old when he won the Melbourne Cupand carried'6 st. 11 lb. Beppo.— Acolyte is not engaged in tho Coalfield Cup. For winning tho Metropolitan Stakes lie will have to . carry a7 1U penalty in the Melbourno Cup, which will bring his weight to 8 st I lb. J. J.. Horsham.— Mr. Loughlln's Britisher is a geld ing, by John Bali— Favorite, Daoobebt.— Mr. D. M. Robertson's colors aro All Rose. Sccsceiber, Hastings.— The Coulficld and Fleming- ton courses arc both left handed. FOOTBALL. Ricnxom— ' Tour question is fully answered by our football contributor, " Follower," In Ills risvmt of tho past season, which appears In another column. D. L., Sanbury.— Richmond played their first match In the season just closed against Wiliiamstown, who kicked I goal 17 bchinds against Richmond's 5 behlnds. JrcioR Footballer.— It is not at all probable tliut an Australian football team will visit England next season. C.L, Warrnambool.— Certainly, it counts as a be hbd. Goal— A, having giren the draw in, loses tho wager. Footballer, Wnrrncknabeal— A team starting with cue man short can tako him on ut any period of tho game. J. II H, Richmond.— The premiership for 1831 was nerer officially decided, owing to tho absence of any association regulations under which the question might havo been d-flnltely determined. Geelong won 15 matches, lost 1, and hnd 2 drawn; South Melbourne's figures wcro 15 won, 1 lost and 3 drawn. Tlieso two clubs met twlco that sens on, and as one match was drawn, and tho other was won by South Melbourno, they were generally regarded as tho premiers, but no rules of any sort existed then, or exist now, notwithstanding tho necessity for a syutcm of counting by points or average basing been continually pointed out to the association. If you bet on It, wo should dccldo tho wiger to be off, as each club was justified In claiming a CRICKET. IL E, It, Dlmbooln.— 1. W. L. Murdoch's hatting averages in England were 13.11. In 1878. 25.15 In 1880. 3).37 la 1833 and 33.23 in 1834. 2. Tho players who hare been to England with all four Australian teams are Ulackham, Boyle, Murdoch, SpofTorth and Banner man. Short Sitr.—Tlio rovlscd laws of tho game provide that In such a case the score thus made shall bo couutcd as no-balls. B. T.—Briggs, who was a member of Shaw's team fcurrty LtmcasWro' Maurico Read for AQUATICS. 1873 tlio Intercolonial boat race was towed on the Lower Yarra, tho winning post being near me Gasworks. Tlio Victorian crew, consisting of Jas. M. Orr, J.- Arthur and T, Colics won, SpcS„g.ily C1"b' Now Sout" cs- Tns- made the best time from Putney to mnr<» 5s MC-! bet "10 best times over that p.Eti ? ,or "'o championship were ninjo by I'MIorth and Clmmhora, who each rowed It In 23mln. athletics. 01"""'-'- Gcorgo Sewnrd ran his 100 ynrds In ln,Lo"dn "!«. » is tho best time on Fnstail "ntchcns Is the champion sprint runner of SWIMMING. AU!?XVi.-A- T- ,K"mc>'i iho champion swimmer of Uslli !on 0 CI>lakl Kenncy, of the St. Kllda CAHDS. HU« — n"r !l"J Bnd 11 "ireo count 24. Wis' I.-,6?. nre nmrriago with tho queen of diamonds. 8 ,cconcl "me with tho queen of «i?«C»raS'!l,I't counted thus :-Tho side thrco point. . iL J i.?lpollo"ta' "" count a trablo or (olais- md i« . t0,c,lthC" hire or two. a donhlo or two Mat rl , oi,her ,hrwi or four, a single or one lre partner. ini. ani counted for tho rubber, thcrc- honais'jJSi . f, f0 fiunics without their op- be rub. K ot "H win 8 points, i. e. , two trebles nud 