BEACH, HANLAN, & CLIFFORD. A "Voice from the Parramatta River" in Town and Country deprecates the vague way in which some of the Sydney papers " slate" our professional oarsmen, especially Clifford. He says :-"I may mention that I saw the Clifford-Pearce match, and at that time he rowed in anything but form; but Trickett pronounced him to be tho coming man of the world, and I have every reason to believe that in a private trial he rowed over Trickett--hence Trickett retired from the Parramatta. Be that as it may, Clifford is not the ' dunce' in wager boats that some of the Press would try and have us believe. I am speaking now from a practical point of rowing, and not from hearsay. I have seen Clifford doing his work daily morning and evening ever since he came from Illawarra Lake. I have also seen him rowing alongside of ' Beach the Champion,' but as they were both ' foxing' no line could be taken; but on the other hand I have seen Clifford rowing more than once in two different and distinct forms. One he rows for his own edification as well as for his friends. The other is most palpably meant for the public, and it is quite on the board that some of the Press reporters have had the misfor- tune to witness Clifford when he was not row- ing. From my own personal knowledge and experience, I think that Clifford cannot row well in rough water; but in smooth or medium water he is far from being a ' waster;' and I have had the pleasure of seeing him row in all waters, and have arrived at no other conclusion than that he is a first class oarsman, can strike the water as quickly as any of the others that I have seen (and I have seen them all) ; in fact, I have seen him doing hard spins from almost every point of the river, and have counted his strokes, which vary from thirty- eight to twenty- four per minute. When striking the former he is at top speed, and gets wonderful pace; his arms are well extended and his swing is perfect, and no faults are visible, but when doing twenty-four his arms are straight, his back also, and he does not use his 'slide fully. Anyone seeing him in this position would arrive at no other conclusion than that he could not beat any one of our scullers,' Pearce in cluded,' but do not be led away by any such notions, for he is really rowing well and strong, with plenty of pace; and in my opinion whoever beats him from Charity Point to Brothers will be glad to see George Mulhall or Jimmy Richards lower the flag which denotes the race over. Of Hanlan I have also seen a great deal, and he is rowing with the same grace and swing which is so characteristic with him. Al- though I am inclined to believe at times that he has fallen into as very bad habit of 'jerking' at the end of his stroke, which tends to bury the boat, instead of lifting, notwithstanding this, he is looking and moving along well, and I believe that if he is beaten, and whoever beats him, will beat Edward Hanlan, the renowned oarsman of the world, and not his ghost, which we saw in August last. ' Beach,'-the champion sculler of the world, is doing good work from Gascoigne's daily, under the tutorship of Messenger; but as Beach is only com- mencing his troubles, we cannot expect much fast work at present, although he ap- pears to be in good health and spirits, and moving along strongly. Laycock, who ac- companies Hanlan twice a day in his work, is beginning to look more like him self, and is rowing much better than lately described in a 'weekly.' How is it possible to write on Laycock's form and condition without first consultinig them- selves as to his real state of health, viz., that since we saw him perform so well he has had the misfortune to break his leg, then he started to run the 'Bell's Tavern,' at Woolloomooloo Bay, which was a very bad move for him, after living in such a healthy place as 'Shark Island,' where he could go to bed at what hour he liked, and get up in the morning and have a bathe in the salt water, and a row if he felt inclined. This he must have missed considerably when at the " Bells." After this long spell he tries to row Hanlan, and because he can't hold him and show the same pace as he did 18 months ago, his form is con- demned, evidently without thinking over these matters, which I have briefly men- tioned, and which I note only in fair play and justice to Laycock, who has done so much to bring the colony so prominently before the aquatic world." As the time for the race draws nigh, numbers of persons find their way up the river in the afternoon to witness the men at practice; but no new trials have yet been indulged in. Hanlan pulled a good strong pace right over the course on Wednesday, and is getting into good buckle. Clifford is also doing a lot of strong work, and feels very well. His new " Ruddick" boat has arrived from Boston, but he has not yet had a spin in her. A party of gentlemen interested in aquatic sports joined in a trip up the Parramatta on the 21st instant (says the S.M. Herald). Clifford's quarters at Ryde were first visited, and Clifford was found preparing to get into his boat, a shell 'built by Dodd, which he had not sat in before. Clifford rowed over the course at a rapid pace without stopping, but no time was taken, as it was not expected he would pull all the way; He started at 32, and pulled a very strong, steady stroke, slowing down to about 31, but never less than 30, and finished with an improved pace at 32. The water was very rough at the time ; and this, together with the fact of his having rowed his boat for the first time, made it impossible to obtain a proper idea of his style. For all this, it was a splendid performance, and Clifford showed so much stay that he may be relied on to make a hot race. The Canadian will find that there is more than one sticker in Australia, and possibly a successful one. Clifford does much of his rowing with his arms, and to this he is, perhaps, unconsciously addicted owing to the great breadth of his shoulders and the length of his reach. He uses his legs much less freely, and his back least of all. His handling of the sculls is clean and powerful. He now weighs 13st 41b., and is in fine condition. Beach was also on the water, and rowed in a grand free style, which aroused the admiration of the visitors. He makes good use of all his limbs, and has a fine swing. He has evidently got his boat to fit him, and he brings a great pace out of it. He is in excellent health, and if he goes on as he has done up to the present time, he will turn out a giant oarsman on the next Champion Race day. His style and per- formance ought to show an improvement even on that of the 16th August. 