novelist. HIS ONE MISTAKE, 'CIHPfEfi LK1V.—(CoNTrsuaD.) . i. i ?? p — Br BERTHA IS. CLAY. Bfcs taw IhalLvly Loqiwd, in her TtiiM W sy, vrouM thin information thronuh tk-hou:'c, snd so all tr.vublo would bo_ mivcl. Vih.vlc the two gentlemen whom slift bail 'teUtogjllsw stood looking at flioh other. "It to a tarty c?m," Mid the enrl—" n lorry ending tout! the bright ond pleavant hopes ttwt jf.Mt aether had formed for you. '?Mf boy, how conlj) joa mietako so erently V l'oa bsvs ent youitcll r.tf from no more, a]- , matt, thim i7jou win deail, ,, "I know-it," be ttplifd;. "and looking iit\, I idl yoo ijDile honestly that I ennnot think Jiotr IHi it. It wan a pieoo o? boyinh, Qaitotio Mly, I novoi thought of ?ho con wqucDSM. 1 iMVor nf \vhi\t would hiypeii. I Et?!sr-d to renmmber nothini? but the fait Ibst } hsil porn[;nded tba girl tn go ont, undilmt throash mo, shn to? rvt that boa , of m'pbtwifhout homo or nholtor." "Ba> there were <\ }iundrcd other weys and Bfsnal" eriFd theonrl. "Kone of ihom ocourrod to mo," i>p.i?l Lord i.Csndatfc "I do not f.xcnso tnyeolf in the tei; Iliavonot onr word to tay. l'oti nro ay angry, father 1" '?Yet; lam moro disappointed than fttifzry. .-??ltfiought so luricb of you; I had built per : tap eitravagmit hopes over you, for * lovo you." I . ' M Car?hl(? pfched deeply. "Shall we psrt in nnuor,father? " booekod. "Wehwenevtr had nti mikind word—will jimiol bg a little merciful to mc now?" "I cannot," niid the earl, with a low moan, isoffDddcapdin— "l oannot, for you have foireyrf my life I " Anil tho'B vow tn,. Unt words thai paaeed '?ivcc'i itum feir m?ny jeans. CIHPIT.U LXV. A V' M,E At)V)CK, ?li'o ai'Un.iw,"fjvui Lord Ciiwfalo," how -?c (umairn-il ooun?KO to tell you the ? > i. I c?n ut\ tr hopo that you will forgive ( ll?w.h fitling with Lndy Ethel under one \- t".?friM?picailip? oaks in tho park. Ha -'UiV.l Vγ ti come nut with him, ne ho i?s , rai'i>'ini? vfrupiutioular to cay to hfr. LjfcoVni his troubled, hazard fnco told ?tflMwords wrrenolidlo ones, nnd, with ?'"-lisy ri-fily, olio put on her hat and mantle, ; Klein , , with him. ? Ecwha told her tho elory ho never know. : iMWrts lolt his lips, butho f-ccmed to havo ???I control over thorn. The only thins i M remembered very clearly wao that r=! U.e ro'oj were blooming near them, . ukiiJ,.to the end of hi 3 lifo, tho odotir ol a MBsaehis very hfsrt sick and faint.. F.M ,?L nothiD S iO . 'iw?ive," eaid Lady ?jl I h M o lnu X einoe felt quito euro that ; -we n>bsecret of E orao kind or other in ; ':„'"'? J *??v that you loved mo when ? 2'T. eri! fIVO ycttre b r? ! bnt - Loril ' r,7w' ?- not "ndcratand why you aeked |."??qajstiona fow days sinco. If yon Z T m at tbat timo - ,low couW you :?>,.,;! , h ",?' hat lio ha 3 intended, and she .wci from him as shortened. '''?wJ??. ?i ld 5 hBVO bcon wrong," eho said. ; !? m '?n a<l ae!:eil mc > J Bhot3l,i fa avo told -r"iL ? innrri≥, nlvvaya a marrinpo it I I ? d . , " t,nl| y oWftined that separation, i"ii 1 ? a b " n ?oM tho troth, I should have '-Mil he cried, reproaobfullv. 'ihuT akln B' h< > P'ttin truth,' , aho auifl. fnSmT h -? h£ft utif?l fneo to hie, nna he S' ii! Wr y V'- 6h ? Bsia ' "J?st what I ?nbll ?. dm ;ration of a pretty and sw& K .? p! ? C l o,,Bh ' the firdt wrong ffi.1 Irt,D?1 rt,DB l 0 her ! y? u had no 'Jew ??vTanV va %" ot ?' y? ut 6tat!on or your e ?? a il oo, : doomoo ! an '?ia arth,ol ' ,ho Becontl won R stO P pi wvif hort0 G ? outwith youl Btiii, ???riSr if , ,? 00 Bay, Mndnera, yot it t=>t£ l ? rC^ ful 'y .""Prudent. Of your : ?%'QMi ff T , on!y B *y tbat ;t woa a ??h iom? ! Mn undc ?t tt nd it, thou?h, ! mm2T mm ? !oi Z koit -> i? wm tho *? abl b^-tho^uiokcBtb ut iWiS,al v S Ji diflloult y- ? WiU y? u C ?" lp * tbw thosilonco that fcaaanc* enfl ??"-? nsk mo to dirt6Cot your ;I %oraJLi P . O, Why did yon not Yn' lmd d o"0 ? I moko all '?<?>. vet to? I, 101I 01 Hko t0 B rievc y? ut fe M £ the ,„ i w v bcen obliged t0 8 " 0vo , Xo . u wcr Q cautioua on ?ald not itwd th? f # ? been very woek if " that voSr ?' ra mon it. It seoma ;???%.? your Bllenc B waa weak and "lm£t?.n Ed mo for 'he truth," bho 1 ym ! thator nothing. It iEiid," ste n Bht," ha Bftid. "Go on, I "Hi think next, that you did wrong over mc, very wrong. I wni young when J mot yoa here, and yon pocjjbt mc, Why did ynn do that, knowingthnt yon wero married? True, yon did not perhaps what tho world <n.llg rr.r.lto lo?c to mc, b\it yeu wero like my shadow, and yon mnet have seen that I was learning to ennj fof you." " Ethel," ha oried, hurriedly. " I tell yon, though tho words covsr mo with shamo, I loved you bo rnndly that I never hardlj thought of my m&rrtM;;o; Tdid notroeliso it." " U waa a cruel wrong to mo," she said, with eentlo dignity, "very ctuol." ?'? Will you forgive mc, Ethol /'' ha Raked, sadly. " I can novor forgivo myself." " Yes, I forgive yon ; but all my lifo I shall have to suffer for your folly. Lord Carsdalo, ppople "say that prudenoo ie a prim, prosaio Tirtuo. Look at the desolation and tho Buf fering brought into so many lives, then nay if prurience bo not tho virtun of kkige." " I B(?a it," ho said, gravely. Her fano lightoned and brightened through all itH pallor. " That in what I think of yon," eho eaid. " I have told you thn worst; now lot mc com fort %oa by Baying that 1 do not think you have bean guilty of any great Hin—impru dimco is not always a sin ; but whilol ?poak do of yon, toll mc in what words I am to r.pcnk of that glorious, that noble woman, your wifu? Sim is beyond praise, and I tbiuk of her wiOi my heart warm and my eyes' full of tear*. Think what slm hns.suffered jrit how brnvn, buw noble, how courageous she is. She nmat have fel? tliat, quito un oonneiouely, I wne her rival. Yet eho wa? ulwayn ren<iy to holp mo—to invont pretty drupes fnr inc. I dcolaro to yon that I novor oneo flaw an impatient look on her foes : and. oh, Lord Gntfrinle, do you remember that nvuning when my dre;t? wan disarranged, and fthe knoH down to Hiitch it? I ninluretanti your inipatieuofl now. There is no ono lils? hsr in tjjQ world—not one. Think," sVu oontinued, "of hpr patient lovo, imagino hoi Mltmcii nndrr all thosa falsa accusations. Lord Carsdftle, you may thank Ueavan that yoa have fontid co pood t, wife. Your itn- in thiocaiohttfltnrnedontablcs?'mg in yon. I consider Ailio, 09 you call hor, ont , of tlio most uoblo and perfect women I have ovor econ," " Ttmnk you for epoakbg ?o|kindly of hor, EihM,"' ho replied. " f ftnow it all, and more. Of her beauty I thiuo onatot go two que?tiorte ; otw only ueas mieb a fano in a lifn-lime. Yon have ovary reason to bo proud of vont wifu, Lord Cars didc" " H?svcn bless you, Esliol, yon are a tme friend," bo n'piiori. ''Now yon have mado the wound, give mo tho cure. You tell mc vo.vy frankly in what I have done wron7,. Now toll mc how I can boat set about making that wrorg right." ' Sho nuismi gravely /or some minntce, then nhe looked earnestly at him. ?' Aro you ready to follow tho advice that I flhiill givo you," b)io atiked, "oven though it j bo m eomo monsure painful? " j "Yee, I am quito willing, Ethol; I proraioe it," ho rcpiiud, gravely ; and sho knew that lio would keep his word. " Then I will tell you what I think, Lord CmbJulo, and how it in beet for you to make thfl wrong right. Your firfit duty is now to your wife—to follow her, to (Ind , her, to I'.tono to her for nil thnt she has anfjnred; to bo n true, good, kind, loving husband to her ; lo mako soaio nice home for her abroad for noma years, nnd then, if poneible, to seek a rt'Concili&tion; with your pareate; I do not thij.lc they will refuse it." "I will obey you, Ethel, implicitly," ho Bftid. "Yon will K't mo write to you aorae liniefl ? Homo I know will bo closed against rue, and I am pledged not to tell my BCcrQf to my nister." "Yea, yoa may writo, at times," Gha ro plied. " And, Ethel, toll mo that you forgivo mo. j Givo mc Homo he-pa that in your thoughts yon will not despite mc." '*' No." ?ho replied, simply. "I havo liked you too much lor that." "Toll mo that I have not spoiled your lifo," hoe-aid; "that in tho futuro you will bj happy ; toll mc that, Ethel I " Shu shook hot beamtful head gravely. "It would bo idle to prutond that I do not BuiTor. Lord Ouredale, I do; but I hope, please Ood, my lifo is not nil spoiled. You two gone tho quietest way to work by-dis t-iichnnting mc, by lotting mo see that you could be weak enough to keep a secret, nnd lot a woman Biifler for it. I know that I shall bo unhappy for a time, but I hops to forget all about it, and meet—with—o truer love." "Do you mean that, Ethel?" ho aeked, halt sadly; "do you know " Sho held up hor whito, jewelled hand, with a churming gesture. " You are going to talk nonsense again," oho said, "and I will not listen. If you wish, to show your esteem for mc, oboy mc promptly." " I intond doing bo," ho eaid. " After all that ha 3 happenod," aho con tinued, " it wonld bo quite impossiblo for you and mo to romain in the eanie house. We must study oppearnncoa; they must be kept up, no matter what goes wrong, and 1 think it beet for you to go at onco, and I will remain; women have moro self-control than men. I oan talk, sing, and laugh, wheroyou would hreak down." " I havo arranged to go r.t onco," ho said, sadly. "I shall not eeo my father or mother again. I leave soon after noon—and, Ethel, Jithol 1 whon shall I eco you, or tho dear old homo, or tho old home f acoe again ? " "When it shall plenso Heaven," she re plied, reverently. . " T<>ll mc, Lord Carsdalo, whero do you think Ailie hae gono? " " 1 can form no idea, but I shall find her," ho replied. " That i 3 right—that is earnest; now let ns say good-bye. I muet ro back to Lady Gert rude; she ia waiting for mo." Ho sat quito still for a few minutes, then ho fcaid: " Good-by, Ethel; may Heaven bless you with every blessing I" Ho held tbnt Whito hand as though ho would never lut it go. Uo intended to do right. Ho regretted all tho folly and impru dence ho had been guilty of, but ho was part ing for over with the woman that ho loved, and might never see again. ThoPfl who. have seen tho face of tho woman thoy love, yet dare not touch it—thoeo who havo listened to the voico thoy loved, yot dared not epoak, may tell what ho endured. He saw the beautiful, bril liant faco grow paler and paler. She raised her lovely eyes to him. " My utrongth ia failing, Lord Carsdalc," Bho said. "1 must go;" and the cost minute sho had pnseed out of sight. " I nuiiit live it down," ehn said to hereolf twenty times over, " I must livo it down. I havo ruy lifo before mc." Lord Carsdalo, after that farewell, did not re-cuter tho houeo. Hα walked to tho Btation, intending to go to London that day; his boxes and trunks wpuld bo sent nfter bitn. As he stood in tho station it occurred to him that j ho had not tho least idea, whero Ailiu really was. Sho hava Rone home, but he did | not think it likely, 110 inquired of tho clerk in tho bookinjj-oflico, who retnembored onnof the Koscneathfootuien purchasing (\ first-class ticket for London. ?'ncn sho had gono to London. What would the do there? On arriving in London, ho want at onoo to tho Langhsiu, and then it occurred to him that ho should havo niovo difiiculty than he had anticipated in discovering where Ailio had. taken rclago. OHAPrKR LXVI. THE TTHITB-FACrJ> LADt. " Tuns you hava not seen Ailio for some timo?" naked Lord CuMdaloof?asoDcrwont. And the answer was, " No." TIo bad made all iho scarab possible in London for hia yeung wife, but conld got no 'iiiinga o! her. Thoy romemlwrcd her at tho London Bridge Hotel; and Fatly, the kindly chamber-maid, whon eho heard of inquiries being mado about a young lady, told at .on'oa all thai ebe had thought and suspected. Lord Csrsdalo talked to her himself, and described Ailio exactly to her. " That is tho lady 1" oried tho girl, " And you havo uo idea whero aho went?" aaked Lord Ooredale. " Sho mentioned no town, no place?" " No," repjiod tho ohamber-m?id, " nose." So there his oluw ended. Naturally enough liia nest visit waa to lludcswell, to ess if Ailio had reached home. Thin timo ho waa co eti gronaed with anxiety that he qnito forgot to note that which baforehand had co disgusted him—tho dell street, tlio gloomy the evidenoa of poverty, 110 though ODly of find ing Ailio, and atoning to her lor what; eho ?mtlsred ; her heroism had been so great that, in his oyes, it ennoblod even the most com mon-place BUrronndingfl. As a matter of course, the whole family wore astonished to suu hjia, and etill intra astounded at what he had to tell them; for he would havo no mora concealment, and, ??ending for tho dancing-master and hia as csnished wi'o, ho told the truth about his name, his title, and position. "At tho same timo," he Raid, ,; I innst tell yon qnito fairly that my marriage outa too oft entirely from my family forever. It has been kept a uncret from tVsm all these years ; now tbuy know it, and I have bidden them furowell forover." John Piirwent and his. vita were both over ooma. "To think," said John, " that Euohn thing flhoold happen." "To think," oried Mm Dsnrent, " that my daughter ahonld bo a lady of title." Taoy were both speechless afCor that .one remark. -'? Of oouroo,' , oorKinued Lord Carsdnlr. " now that my marriage is known, I should like to eeo yon in a different position. I have influential friondz, and I do not doubt in the least but that I can procure for yon tonio little ollico nnder government, bc3idea which I vill settle a yc?rly income on you more than equivalent tc that vfhioh you now earn. I shall havo to trust to your good sense entirely never to meutfon my family or speak of thGm in any way, as it would lead to more hanu than good." John Derrrent &nd; hia wife wero both over whelmed— they could aay nothing. Then he msdo inquiries about Frank, and learned that he gave promise, some day or other, of heiug a f?uperb engineer. "I consider Frank's fortune made, sir," said John Darwont, gratefully; '' and I havo you to thank for it. my lord—no ono else." Tfcwn Lord Caredalo hnd to listen to the etory of Hoflfl'B engagement to tho young eurato; and, looking at the girl's sweet face, he did not wondor at her marrying well. Then Hntlie locked np at him with ono of her frank, strange smiles. " I am not one of tha genteel members of iho family," she said, " and I am not pro vided for, but I tell you one thing, Lord Oars dule, I would not marry a lord, as poor Ailie has done, without he loved mc better than you loved her." " Yoa arc right, Hettio. Ido not excuse myself, but I will atone in tho future for the errors of tho pact." Uα would not alarm them by telling them that he had co completely lost all traco of Ailio; ha let them believe there had been some mistako about their travelling. Eo found from his inquiries that nono of them had any idea of Ailie'n whereabouts. Hβ ?vent awiy as soon as ho could, haying hut tho one idea of finding her. The. surprise, tho wonder, tho bewilderment that foil upon that little household 1 Ailie, their beautiful Ailio, had-married a lordl Mrs. Dorivent rooked herself pathotieally to and fro, wiping tho great tears from her eyes. " I always said thut AUie waa no common kind of girl," Bho caid, " but none would be liuveme." ? Tho dancing-msstorl ooked at hie fiddle. " You and I part now," ho said; " but yon hnvo been a true friend to m 0 . ,: Tho secret waa imparted, under all possible vows of secrecy, to tho ouratp, who mentally congratulated himself on having made a good match. Viaions of a good living, presented to him by hia brother-in-law, Lord Oaradale, floated across hia mind. In the meantime, Lord Carsdalo hiruEelf was quito at a loa3 where to look. It was wonderful how ono illusion after another drew him from plnco to place. Sometimes it was tho story of a lady found drownod in the depths of eomo swift, deep river; again it waa tho body of a lady washed ashore ; it was an unknown lady killed in a railway accident; or it was the history of a myster ious death. Wherever ho heard or road anything of the kind, ho went at once; but, neither living nor dead, could he iind any trace of Ailio. j It was a railway accident that drew hia attention to Fernbay—an excurcion train had coino in collision with a heavy goods train, the result of which was the death of some twenty passengers and the injury of ? gome twenty others. It was nobody's fault— quito an accident, tho servants of the corn puny dcolarcd— one that no human intelli gence could have forseen. Among tho li3t of at the dead dame a description of a lady un known. She was described aa very beauti ful, with long golden hair ; and when Lord Carsdalc rend it, his heart grow faint. He forget how many beautiful women with gol den hair there are in tho world, and he want direct to Fernbay. It was not Ailie. Beforo he reached thorc tho golden-haired lady had been recognized by a husband, who was drivtn mad by her untimely death. Still, Lord Carsdaleroaolvod upon staying thcro; it wag a pretty placo, and ho had a pleasant momory of tho ono ' happy day that ho had spent with Ailie there. He went to the samo hotel whevo aho had beon so full of pretty, innocent wonder and emprise. They did not recognize him there. Liter on that eveniug ho walked down to the beiioh; it wan acuriou3 place—quaint, old- fashioned, and, nt times, very solitary, lie walked past the pier, whero the band was " discoursing eloquent inusio," down by tha cliffs, and stood there looking at an old, ruined jetty that ran out intotlw sea. It was a quiet, desolate place; thero wtia no sound of music, no gay promeundera, no children at play. There hy the blue sea ; tho whito olifi'd tlopod down to it, and from tho shingle tho black, vuinnd jetty ran out far and wide into the sea. Such a quaint, soli tary eccno had not met his eyes for years, lie stood watching it, wondering how that old jetty would look under a .darkening sky, with great, daik waves leaping ovor it; and as ho oo stood, thoro came to him an old coast-guard, who touched his cap and began to talk. That jetty, ho aaid, hail Lcen (or yenrs and years out of repair ; it woe never used now, In times long past, queona and kini;a had landed on it; but now it woa given up to a ghost. (TV be continued.') 