NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Beaten. Acquitted. Shake hands. Exculpated (?). After the tariff. A veteran vag. Spof. was about. "Come quickly!" A lopisided enquiry. Nairne Races to-day. Mr. Howe—"Ha, ha!" .Six runs to spare. Close! Smallpox again in Sydney. Combined Team victorious. Six wickets for the "Demon." A good find at Mount Browne. Why was a Q.C. not employed? Look out, Belltops, for the lash. Push on the railway to Silverton. Judge Boucaut warns the larrikins. No vindictive persecution this time. Jarvis "snapped up" three of them. Why didn't the Government prosecute? Major-General, don't break the Sabbath. McLaren's leather lungs briefly tolerated. He melted £10,000 a year on horse- racing. Sir Henry Wrenfordsley feted at Melbourne. You mustn't gamble with your creditors' money. A telegraph line to Silverton urgently needed. A grand banner for the Port Laborers' Society. Major-General, don't disturb the Semaphore somolants. Easy to secure acquittal when there is no prosecution. One thousand empty houses. Reasonable rents at last. Gladstone eulogises Gordon. Better to have rescued him. 2 Now, Acting Chief, don't bungle that Her gott outbreak. Read Mr. Wakefield's letter on taxation in the Advertiser. Hon. L. G. (in ecstacy)—"Come to my arms, wise Wakefield." Lavvy will yet prove a prophet and wor- shipped as a hero. Dean Russell "proud' of spending money in shooting Arabs. The Prince and Princess of Wales go to Ireland. Plucky! The Melbourne Presbytery not done with Charles Strong yet. That ubiquitous M.L.C. was pondering on twenty-acre holdings. Eighteen months masonry (not free) for fraudulent insolvency. The moral weight of the two verdicts a long way from being equal. A big preliminary gathering. This want of work is a serious matter. The ex-Empress Eugenie has nearly finished her mausoleum at Farnborough. Dynamiters going to extend the area of business amongst the Sassenachs. New Zealand eventually, amid universal satisfaction, abolished the land tax. Providing employment is far more patriotic than providing unnecessary soldiers. Mr. Ruskin has joined the Oxford Univer- sity Chess Club—its forty-eighth member. Better to spend £50,000 in providing work than on a paltry military fizzle in the Soudan. The property tax in New Zealand produced the largest amount of revenue at the smallest cost. Mr. Millais has just finished to portraits of Mr. Gladstone. One of them is for Lord Rosebery. When the unfortunate destitute children are licensed out a barrel is good enough for them to sleep in. A few suitable industries and a Mining on Private Property Bill would do a lot for the colony just now. The question whether whist-playing should be prohibited in a railway carriage is receiving some attention now in England. The Japanese Post-Office, which in 1881 was ten years old, carried 95,000,000 letters and transmitted 3,000,000 telegrams. It is said that whisky fills our prisons, but a man who has spent some time in several says that he failed to see much of it there. A thorough-bred Boston girl never calls it a "crazy-quilt." She always speaks of the in- sane article, as "a non compos mentis covering." "Do you know why your liver fails to act?" asks a patent medicine ad. Certainly we do. Our liver hasn't the slightest dramatic ability. The history of the Rothschilds is being written by a member of the house, who is well known in Paris for his literary tastes and talent. An exchange says that a Vienna man has just found the two hundred and thirty- sixth asteroid. He undoubtedly advertised for it in some popular evening newspaper. "Pa, how funny this looks in this paper. The printer has got the words all mixed up, so there is no sense in it." "No, no, my child. That is a new poem by Tennyson." The number of persons killed by wild animals and snakes in India in 1883 was 22,905, as against 22,125 in the previous year. Of these 20,007 deaths were from snake-bite. At an English wedding the bridesmaids were dressed in white lace, with long white veils, with the curious additions of red wreaths and red shoes as relief to the predominant color. It is stated that a scheme is on foot to build a Government hospital in Dublin on the plan of Guys Hospital, London. It is rumored that the Government will grant £15,000 for that object. "That was a very mysterious robbery the ether day." "Why, I don't see what inystery there was about it. The detectives caught the thieves the same day." "Yes. That's what I said." Dear Russell—"If you are in a position to make this large advance to help England in the Soudan you can make the necessary ad- vance of funds to initiate works to relieve the present distress." A Washington eccentric female genius has invented a "machine to lay a ghost." A much more useful contrivance in these days of business stagnation and indolent hens would be a machine to lay an egg. Mr. Smythe—" 'Kid,' Miss Arabella, is a slang woid used to signify a child." Miss Browne — "Oh, yes; for instance, Maudie. here is a kid." Miss Maud (who resents the imputation)—"Yes; for instance, Arabella's no kid." Some one has found a petrified village in Nebraska. The prairie dogs stand petrified in front of petrified huts, while various other petrified animals give the community a solid character that is rarely met with in these degenerate days. M. Gounod being asked if he considered the English a musical nation, made a rather evasive reply, saying that there really was no such thing as an unmusical nation; so far as he was concerned he always found his works "well received by the English, who stick to their friends and to their hatred." The italics are his. "Is that brake hard to handle?"' asked a young man on the front platform of a Broad- way car of the driver. "No," responded that person. Is that whistle hard to blow?" again interrogated the youth. '' No,'' gruffly responded the driver. "What is the hardest thing to do on a street car?" "Answering fool questions," replied the driver. Jean Richepin, the French dramatist, whose "desertion" gave Sarah Bernhardt such a splendid lot of free advertising lately, is sur- prisingly ubiquitous. Within a month he has been writing a drama in Newfoundland, kill- ing Chinese at Foochow, living with the Trappists at Staoueli, concocting Anarchist plots in St. Petersburg, wandering as a hermit in the Sahara, and living with his wife—his original wife—and children at Algiers, in Belgium, and in the south of France. That is, he has done all these things in the French newspapers. An Arab doctor, who served in El Mahdi's army on its march from El Obeid to the Nile, relates the following:—"Shortly after my ar- rival in camp the Mahdi sent for mc and asked me whether I knew how to amputate. I told him that I had not the necessary instruments with me, which evidently disappointed him. 'If thou hadst been provided with knives and saws,' he said, 'I would have appointed thee chief surgeon of my army. Unfortunately we must still do without such an officer. When I shall have captured Khartoum I shall engage European surgeons. I was once treated by a Christian doctor, and gave him two jars of honey for his trouble.' Mahommed Achmed then asked me whether it was true that Sultan William of Prussia had sent his Grand Vizier Bismarck to London to tell the English Minis- ters that Germany, Austria, and Russia would not tolerate a permanent English occupation of Egypt. The Mahdi afterwards showed me letters from his agents in Cairo and Constanti- nople, infoimitig of events in Europe." 