. Oity Chat. Bv TUB FAKCEUK. MABCELLUB - .' Some say that ever 'gainst that season coincs, Wherein our Saviour's birth is celebrated, This bird of dawning singeth all night long ; And (lien, 1 hey say, no spirit dares stir abroad ; The nights nre wholesome j t hen no [linnets strike, No fairy tnk&s;, nor witch hath power to charm ; So hallowed and so gracious is the time." HORATIO '. So have I heard, and do in part believe it." JI AM LET, # # # Christmas is here-and in fact it cannot be any licre-er than it is at present. It requires no ghost to come from the grave to toll us this, for there is something so genial anil cheer/' about the hallowed season that one instinctively feels it is at hand, just as when walking past the Coffee Palace about noon lie at ones discovers the fact that there is a kitchen iu the vicinity, from the savoury odour that floats around. '.! wonder," said a pious old dame the other dny, "whatever people lister do afore Christmas Day was first instortooted 7 " As a matter of fact, I don't believe the world was ever without n Christmas Day of some sort or anothor since it first began to roll round on its own axle trees. Way back in the days before the year 1, the sturdy old Germans used to rally round on the 25th December to celebrate their Jul or Joel feast and they blew themselves out with roast pork and plum du/F and the colonial swanky of their time just as we do to-day ourselves. This feast waH held in honor of the Jul. or sun, and lasted 12 days' during which time a universal truce was pioclaimcd throughout the land, and the people crowded round their spontaneous banquets, and sang their glod simple song of " Deutcheschwciglcistcrbusmeinpoop enherintung," and burst in each other's heads with saplings, and otherwise enjoyed themselves to their heart's content. Long before even those rousenbout days, the .Ancient llomans hold their festival of the birth of the sun also, and went whooping mad through the streets with garlands on their heads, and not much else to speak of in the way of clothing amongst them, and they too wont in heavily for pig provisions, and filled their pewters with wine, and shouted to each other, " Ifercsh or skhin ofycr nose olo f'lor; Krismish time yer know," and carried on like a drunken lunatic asylum turned loose, just as we ourselves do not do, of course, because we aro a far more enlightened crowd, and besides, the price of liquor has gone up since those days.. 1 do not know for certain whether tho old Cave men kept up u Christmas celebration or not, as they were too fully occupied chasing the mugethavium round, and making steel axes out of blue nictul, to leave us much written accounts of their social customs, but 1 would not be at all surprised to hear that even Adam and live had some sort of make-believe Christmas of their own, although from the some what restricted nature of society in their days I am afraid the jovial nature of their festive re-unions never rose above tho placid delights of a Quaker's funeral. Our Christinas, however, is the question which interests us most to-day, and one cannot walk a yard through our Sydney streets without lllling his head with the Idea that on the whole we are having a very prosperous season of it. Of cou me there aro those on whom the rough grasp of poverty, and even the cold, clammy hand of disense, have taken hold, and tho very gaiety of the glad season must mako such unfortunates fee] their misery all tho more, but even they have the comfort of knowing that when their hour comes to leave tho 'world, they will leavo it without the regret which their more fortunato fellow-beings must experience. With tho end of tho latter there comes a remorseful memory of tlio good things they must leave behind which the poor never know, and this it probably wa!s that led my Lordqf Vcrulam to remark, "Death finds not a' worse frioncl' tlmn an alderman, to whose door T never know him welcome j but, ho is an importunate guest, and will not take nay." Aldermen evidently had rosier times iii liacon's day than they have now, but still, oven they can liven up and enjoy themselves during our carnival of Christmas, * # * i No stranger looking round at the joyous faces ho sees iu our streets to-day would ever dream that ,we are, in point of fact, a colony of " brokers," having according to .llgiires which cnn'fc lie, lost over « million pounds during tho past 12 months. And yet sueh'is.fhe sad case, for even Mr, Dibbs, who carries the Stato bag, admits as much. Three years ago, Oeorge Iticlmrd started oft with a surplus of £ 1,811),2ili» in ,tho Stale stocking, and now he mournfully acknowledges , Hint ho is exactly £ 1,01)2,0'l f on tho wrong side of (Iio ledger. During those throe years we have evidently made the pace so warm that wo have quite "over run the constable," for wo have spent in excess of our income exactly JCS,8U1),8-10, Mr. Dlbbs is still sanguine, however, and believes if tho country would only givo him another trial he would pull through, and bo able to show.,a profit of, two or three hundred thousand by the timo Christmas' rolls round again. Mr, Dlbbs is one of thoso sanguine sort of men who, if they only pick tip a . boot-lace, considor themselves as tho owners of a ' whole tanyard at once, but In spite of this recont cutting-up, ho- is likely to liavo one moro chanco allowed him. Sir John having'done tho dirty work of throwing out the Dlbbs Ministry 1ms found him self deserted by tho very men who egged him on to the business,"and notwithstanding all Ills offorts, he 1ms not boon able to yoke a working team togbthdn Sir Henry, in spite of his protestations that ho did not hanker after the flesh pots of ofllce, lias, it Is vrumoured, declined to play second fiddle to his knightly friend. Nearly a month ago Sir John told the Mouse " There have been times whon Sir Henry Parses and myself have differed and. been nimble to work together," " Thee times still seem to bo in full swing, and now the idea is that tho only thing left is for Sir John and Mr. Dlbbs to form another unholy alliance,and get together a scratch team of Ministers as soon as possible., . Should theyBiicoecd'thclrriilowill lastnboiitnsmniiy. nights as days j Sir Henry will thou try his hand at tho Cnbinot-inaker's art, ond should fortune frown on him a dissolution will tnke place, and thou lmrroo for auathijr gay old electioneering season, This will go on until wo got rid of these Old Men of the Sea, who lmve dune their level best to strangle tho hind, ar.d form' a totally new Ministry undor a totally different lender, And, judging from appearances, that leader will bo Mr. Speaker Dnrton > ' ' # # ? # Inlking of Mr, Dlbb's deficiency eauscs iiio to Wonder why, as figures can be twisted round to provo ?Anything, from tho assertion that 2 and 2 make 111 up to tho fact of tho word being 1)0 millionyoors old, such a calculating machine as tho ox-l'renilorolalnis 'o be, could not work them so as to prove tils deficiency was really a balance to bis credit. As a Bumplu (of what figures enn do, 1 may recount the story of the landlady of a certain hotel, who was crowded out with visitors one Christmas season, and yet by manipulating her figures properly, managed to pull through to the satisfaction of all. There were only 11 bedrooms in the hotel in question, when a team of 12 long-legged football pnntcrs trooped up and requested to be accommodated with n separate bedroom eneli. Nothing flustered, the clover little hostess [all smart women are small] agreed, and when the time came for the revellers to go to roost, she requested two of them to remain in bedroom No. 1, until she had provided for the others. This being agreed to, she put footballer 3, in bedroom No 2. Then the fourth bladdci lioister was placed in bedroom No 3, the fifth in No 4, the sixth in No 5, the seventn in No 0,* the eighth in No 7, the ninth in No 8, the tenth in No!»' the eleventh in No 10, and then having the eleventh bcdioom to spare, she took the extra man who was waiting in No 1 and placed him in the vacant chamber, thus succeeding in stowing the 12 scrimmogcrs into 11 apartments," and yet giving a separate one to each. Of course there's a hole in the saucepan somewhero, but perhaps it will help our readers to pass a few moments endeavoring to discover as to which, if any, of the jokers was the " odd man out." # # * And while 1 have my hand in the Christinas puzzle pot to-day 1 may as well inform pur renders that a new parlor game is rapidly making headway hero, and it is just as wonderful as it is amusing. It is called " Willing," and is founded on the mar vellous performances of Sir. Irving Bishop and other " thought readers " nt home. I have seen the game played where all probability of collusion or deeep. tion of any kind was entirely out of tlio question, and the results have frequently made the spectators look as startled and surprised as if t he ghostof King Charles I. had just walked into the room and enquired if anyone had seen a spare bend knocking around there lately. Three por.-oiiB at least are required to ploy " Willing," two of whom decide, out of earshot of the-third, on some action he or slio shall bo .'willed "to purform. The one to bo "willed" is then blindfolded, while with hands joined round his or her waist, and thoughts steadily directed to the object in view, the othcis interested "wish with all their might" that their decision shall be earned out. In sonic eases the result i-- rapid enough to bo startling, the party blindfolded aftora few moments indecision moving in the required direction, and performing, if not the exact action required, some thing near enough to it to show tlmt he or sho was impelled by the wishes of those who " willed " them. In cases where the person to be "willed " happens to be a lovely, woll- shaped, young lady, any little failures which may occur will be more than com" pensated for by the exquisite ploasure the "willers" must feel when, as per instructions, their hands aro joined round her symmetrical Mcdicion-Venus waist, and now that I think of it again, 1 don't see why two could not play Die gnmo witli even more pleasure and satisfaction than three-a ,' number which all who have boon through the courting ordeal know is evon worso than no company at all. llosides, this new pastime for parlors may serve to prevent the unpleasant, oirects of the information occasionally fired'off by younger brothers who are proverbial for their want of tact, and love of mischief. For example, when Master Hobby, aged four, gleefully loans over the tea-tahlo and yells aloud, " Oh, ma I you oughter see Mr. FlutTonfcther squeexe our Mary Ann behind tho fowl-ho'ise this ovenin'. Gosh 1 1 thought he'd asquoK) her right in two " j all Mr. Fliiflunfothorhostodoisto explain that ho placed his arm round Mary Ann in order to' " will " her to guess how many eggs tho long-earcd Cochiu-China fowls would hiy to-morrow. Doing thus disguised as a seini-seientific subject no ono could complain, and instead of rolling over and and going into ,*17 difTorenb kinds of kicking (its inside of 10 seconds, Mnry Ann would be enabled to sit bravely up, ami oven back over her plate for anotlior load of ham and turkey. Ladies, I may remark, aro the easiest subjects to bo "willed" by otheis,'although few married incn may bo in clinod to believe this,' and tho whole thing is but an iuuoccnt and amusing form of the rot which once eausod such sensation under the nnme of "spirit rapping." And, only fancy, ladies, all you have to do when you want a now summer bonnet, or the makings of a now dress with a. " (lying buttress " or 8-story improver al tho back, is to placo your arms round your husband's waist'and "will" him Into handing out tho needful. This, 1 fancy, will bo ono of tho most popular Christmas games this season. * # # . Knowing that this festive season already contains enough temptations of its own without tho nddition of any others, 1 beg loavo to call tho attontionof tho rulers of tho Never-Touch-lt Brigades to tho following shameful ad,, which appears in one of tho 8ydnoy dailies-" 0iris, 2u, wanted to cover nips, Apply Camoron's Tobacco Factory, I'itt-stroot," Now why, I would ask, are girls alone required for this alluring business ? Can it bo possible that Dr. Sarah Parker's dofotico of Women's Rights has lmd such an oftcct on tho community nt largo that wo have decided to givo our weaker vessels an equal chance of filling thomsolves, up with nips of fl-star, or "brown sherry," as tho stronger now enjoy? lhon again this is a matter the Trades Unions should attend to, in order to asuertnin how many hours per day .these 25 girls will bo required to cover their refreshing little nips, and to take caw that they aro not forced to take any work of the "'piling order lionfo with them in onlor that they might sit up half tho night at tho " Nip, nip, nip," slavery, as poor Tom J/ood would sing, only lio's acntl just now and linn other business to attend to I ho matter doesn't seem to bo straight anyway one looks at it, and I am sure most of our male readers will admit that whalovor need there is for women ill other wnlks o£;liCof ihoro in no occasion to allow them to come in and take not only tho bread but Iho very " nips " out of. tho mouths of us unfortu down-troddon mou. Clo to 1 Dr. l'arkor-You lmve more than your " rights " already, Amongst the rest of the visitors who have called round to liven us up this Christmas is that most undesirable traveller the Cholera, which is believed to have been a sort of "stowaway" on board the steamship Dorunda. Whether the epidemic in question is the real stingo or not is a matter of some doubt, but that it is a swift, and deadly disease is fully proved by the fact that over twenty deaths have occurred already, one patient being taken ill at eleven a.m., and dying eight hours after. Strange to say, the symptoms have appeared principally among the married people, a fact which, however, I trust will not damp the matrimonial ardour of the young men of Penrith. Of course the Queensland quarantine arrangements have been bungled, several of the passengers having landed and got clean away, but as yet there is nothing for us to feel alarmed about except the disgraceful apathy of our rulers who prefer squabbling over their own petty calousies to looking after the interests of the pub lic health. We have almost as great a terror as the cholera in our midst to-day in the shape of typhus fever, and it has apparently come to spend the whole of the summer with us. Little or no alarm is really felt even in Queensland touching the cholera, and by-the-way, my friend Bobbie Byrne tells an appropriate tale which is worth repeating. Once upon a time, and a very sick time it was, a grand roll-up or reunion of all the plagues in the world occurred. Every known epidemic sent along a representative, and in order to make the thing hum invitations had been issued to the Press and many other Articles as well. The cholera having travelled a great deal about that time was given a hearty welcome, and taken round to be intro duced to and do a tot of sewerage syrup with the other festive guests. Mr. Yellow Jack, Typhus Fever, old Father Coffin, and others were greeted by Mr. Cholera as old friends, but suddenly stop ping before a stranger he had never seen before he exclaimed in amazement, ''Have you travelled much, stranger ? " I have," was the modest reply made. "Indeed," said the Cholera, "that's strange. You never met me before, did you?" "Never," replied the other, "Queer-very queer,'' mused the Cholera, "I thought I knew everybody. And pray," he added, " what might be your name ?" "My name," answered the stranger, is " Soap- S-o-p-e-S- o-o-p-S-o-u-pe-Soap, and-don't-you forget it.'' The Cholera said he never would, and he has kept his word, for he shunned the stranger ever since. # # # Hero's the truthful story of William Mellor, the original-very original-good little boy who died, and whoso soul wont straight to Sau Francisco, in company with his body, and a nice little pile of a Friendly Society's shekels also. At the ago of nine William started his promising career in Manchester by collecting divers funds for missionary purpose*, every coppcr of which lie collnral, and then burnt his contribution boxes. Arriving at man's estate which was rathor a limited one in William's case he " jiued tho fooree," and,- Btrango ns it may .scorn, systematically ran the "rule" over every 'drunk" ho arrested. In an evil hour, however, the Sergeant of his i&qtiad; disguised himself and fell, apparent ly drunk, in William's beat. In a second the Sergeant was carefully relieved of everything but his clothes, and our hero declared ho was novcr taken so ill on such, a short nolicc before as when his victim straightened up and obligingly pointed out the shortest route to tho lockup. Discharged with disgrace Mr. Mellor nevertheless managed to rejoin tho foice in Staffordshire, where ho did a roaring trade in the old line, and was rapidly Recur, ing the respect of his fellow-citizens and several terraces of houses when the D'g laid another trap, and Sweet William fell into tho toils onco again. Discharged once more, his next little dnrt was to apply lo a loan institution for £200 on n tnrm that ho was about to stock. In tho most honorable manner possible ho mot tho inquiry agent at a given spot and showed him over a farm belonging to an other man, this man being at tho time riding fulj tear to keep a false appointment mndo by Mr, Mollor at a place seven miles away. William got .C120 for that swindle, and iho agent, wherilio went to the' farm to collect ovcrducs, got tho farmer and a full-toothed bull dog on to hint in a stylo that caused him to throw up tho collecting business nnd dcclarc lie never cared for tho game and had been forced into it by his paronts. Mr.' Mollor then kept quiot, and his enemies declare ho worked honestly for a living, but owing to failing health, or a dvslro to do better things, ho onco moro visited Manchester, where ho actually died by proxy, registered his own death, nnd got a medical man to accompany him to tho Friendly Society's .office, whero ho drew his own funeral expenses, and then skipped tho country. The police, of courso, have tho usual clue, but as William is either in tho 'Frisco, or London police himsolf, it is lmrd to say whoro the cluc will end. l'robably ho is now en deavouring to arrost himself, but certain it is that he is still at largo, and entitled to take tho bun ns tile champion swindler of his timo, . ? # * Now that the Now Guinea Exploring Expedition' has returned all safe and sound, wo are truly thankful, no doubt, but when wo como to totnl up tho benefits gained by the trip, it is somewhat doubtful if tho g.nno was worth tho candlo. A deal of oxp'cnsc was incurred, and no small amount of danger also, for tho niggers up there havo an ap-, pnrontly well-grounded idea that the white man is' only good when nicely baked, and tilled with plenty of Savoury stuffing. Tho expedition discovered a tributary to tho Fly Hiver, which was tolerably well- known before, and they also, discovered that the'Arthur Gordon' rangoof mountains Is simply'a bigholo in tho ground. Then they managed to oare fully run their boat on a mudbanki whero she stuck for a month, nftor which the party finding their tucker beginning to -run short slewed round and struck for Sydney, home, and beauty onco again, Before starting back, however, they sighted somo splendidly grassed plains, and a range of mountains from tho top of which'they-believed thoy could sec tho ocean on tho other side of tho Island, providing tho nigger's didn't hold archery contests with tho explorers bodies for targets, and tho weather didn't look too.much like rain. Whatevor chance the Expedition lmd of doing' good, however, was most effectually squelched by the stern restriction' planed on Captain livorill to bo back in Sydney-' by. Deeombor 8th" and spoak a-pleeo beforo tho most 'earned body, tho Geographical, Rocioty . of Now' South Wales. Another pocullnr order .issued, was to the effect that not a syallablo of the-tremendous discoveries tho explorers might, mako whs to bo broathod to a single soul until the snid So'cloty woro fiTt placed in possession of all'the facts,' As tho Queensland Government hnsddimCcd.jb.oClO (owaixls the wild goose duller, however, tho llananaland citizens grew a tritlo riled over this, aii(J setting their smartest press reporters to work tho lnttor wormed out tho secret somehow, and discovered that tho Expedition had discovered-nothing. It was a nice little picnic, but nothing more, and in all pro bab lity it will bo some timo beforo:,tho general Hilar veil!?"1 S° <" "J<1 of. * * # Hero's an item which r trust will bring a gleam' of sunshine to my fellow-men who, having had too much " hrisiiilss " alrondy, may bo laid by tholr ,°'I ?,Uk ,bc(ls'' Mva' I'num Morgan, M.D. of I hllndo pliia, has junt arrove In Melbourne to prnc Use, and is described ns boing " fair, pleasing, and hitd(lLMt"!1PTrnnCn' T1 oxoco,li,,8b- refined nnd intelligent. Anyone who would expect a doctor [i n '7'° Vl!"a" ibM t,!(s ,mwfc bo " Kh>Uon. curing"n'lf »'8n" |wrtlculftlvK°«l two arc told] at cuilng all Hlseases connected with the pericardial organ (or heart) of tho malo man, but If she is no fair and come y ns reported [ fear she will .raise noio pa n. that direction sho can very well u»e. 1 his reminds mo that there's'notliIng true by Heaven, nnd land sale advertisements after all, for, according to thu 11 rUbnne Courier, our fair frlond Wtii.'T Wl'° «»o!i ft pile by. hor ,rre "d T T"U" °!,ly" lUU cit* '"w Hiastul ill Loudon, and proved to bo a vllo mau iu lovely woman's clothing after all. Dr. Anna was highly thought o£ by mnny city matrons here who nt one time were only too happy to haug their greedy caw 011 her sweet discourses, but who would now ask nothing hotter than to stab him to death with hairpins, or strangle him with a garter. # # # And now, kind readers, I go' to mix the grocer's well-sanded sugar with the' produce merchant's oleomargarine, and the miller's granite flour, and to gullotine my neighbor's only goose by way of pre. paring for my gastronomic Christmas campaign. I have a heavy eating time before mo now, I thinki but fear not for me. I have had my stomach lined with sheet-iron all through, and even .should I die on the banquet 'field you will know that I fell bravely, knife in hand, and with the greater part of my enemies slain, nnd slung behind my "pinny." In any case, however, permit 1110 to wish you all" before Lgo, ft right Merry Christmas and the most prosperous of New Years. 