MENTAL HEALING IN BOSTON, U.S. A A CORRESPONDENT!" of the Times writes under date Boston, Mass., 11th May : " This city has become the headquarters of a religio-metapbysic.il furore, which within a few months has infected so many people of all classes in New England that the mental contagion is almost sure to spread beyond American limits. The science of mental healing nothing that originates in Boston is less than a science or an art is the ambitions name of the movement which its leaders have assumed. The Press of the country find frequent occasion to make sharp allusions to the 'Boston and cure craze,' but it is a long time since any local paper has been so indiscreet as to make slurring references to the new pathology. Absurd and idiotic as some of the ideas are which the prophets of the system advance, the movement has far outgrown the limits of a popular but temporary craze. The wonderful cures' of the mental healers have been so persistently proclaimed that a large proportion of average Bostonians are willing at least to admit that there is something in it. Hundreds claim to have been benefited in varying degree by mind cure treatments. Many such become themselves healers, and thus the new idea has spread. Just now the religious features of the new departure more prominently engross public attention, and clergymen of all denominations are seriously considering how to deal with what they regard as the most dangerous innovation that has threatened the Christian Church in this region for many years. Scores of the most valued Church members are joining the Christian scientist branch of the meta- physical organisation, and it has thus far been impossible to check the defection. It is a movement far-reaching in its influences, and including many thousands among its sympathisers whose ordinary good intelligence entitles their judgment to respect. A study, therefore, of the details of the novel scheme becomes at once interesting and soon fascinating. " Here is a familiar Boston parlour scene : Two ladies sit a little way apart in Quaker meeting silence for perhaps twenty minutes. The face of one is 33 hotly flushed as if she had been indulging in violent exercise, physical instead of mental. The other, the patient, apparently dozen in her chair. Externally this is all that constitutes a mind cure treatment, to which hundreds here- abouts are daily submitting. The fundamental idea that underlies the system of mental healing is that there is no such thing as sickness. Disease, say the mental healers, is an error of the mind, the result of fear. This startling hypothesis entails some very strange and absurd conclusions. The leader of one of the factions, for there are several in sharp rivalry one with another, gives these instructions for healing diseases in your mind that God made everything good. He is not the author of disease. Therefore, as disease is not a creation it has no existence, but it is merely a delusion of the mind, the effect of fear. Fear is faith inverted and perverted. You are to gain,, the confidence of your patient; make him tell you the cause of what he thinks is his disease But with your clearer and you see that it is not sickness at all. You attain the power of healing by dwelling mentally upon the truth and wisdom of God, and thus the faith of the healer meeting the fear of the patient produces a chemical change in the fluids of the system which results in health. Many invalids are naturally willing to accept this' or any other sophistry in explanation of cures if they themselves are physically benefited. But among the intelligent people in every- day life who are studying the mind-cure theories and to a greater or less extent are testing them, the ideas of the teachers are very much modified. Indeed, hardly any two have just the same conception of the ' science.' One lady believes that to be a consistent healer one must be a Universalist in religions faith. Another insists that the minds of her patients shall be made entirely free from guile and accordingly she asks for a full statement of their lives. Many persons who study the system renounce all religious and superstitious ideas in connection with it, but recognise the physical phenomena, which they do not attempt to explain, and practise the art as successfully as any. A lady in Hyde Park, Massachusetts, who takes this position, says she finds herself possessed of a power over many serious ills which she hardly knows how to use. She says she prays earnestly, and the ailment of the sufferer seems to be transferred to herself. Then she is able easily to throw it off. She does not know whether to call it mind cure, faith-cure, or magnetism. Some operators say they use no will power, but simply keep before their minds an image of perfect health, and let God or the truth work through them. Others exert the will intensely to drag out the disease, as it were, by main force. " To be consistent, the leading and cure theorists have to maintain some very absurd ideas. Persons, they say, would be harmless if the fear of them were removed. Children, they explain, are affected because of unconscious hereditary fear. Mrs. Mary B. G. Eddy, leader of the Christian Scientist division of mental healers, claims that her husband, who died three or four years ago, was murdered by an enemy among the Scientists who thought arsenic into him Some of tbesequeerenthu8iast8 maintain that mental influence does not recognise distance, and that, therefore, the presence of the patient under treatment is not necessary. Another Hyde Park lady has an intimate ft send in Sacramento, California, who a few months ago was given up by physicians to die of inflammatory rheumatism. It was arranged by mail that at 3 o'clock (Boston time) on certain days the invalid should submit herself mentally to the treatment of her friend in Hyde Park. It is claimed that improvement was immediate, and that within a month the patient was able to visit San Francisco with her husband. Another lady in treat- ing absent patients puts a doll in a chair upon which to fix her mind in lieu of the sick person. Most of the mental healers profess contempt for the laws of hygiene. They bid their patients eat what they please and act as they please. Mrs Eddy, bow U , r i , v 1 1 ' , i s i ? / v's never, makes the proviso that they must be of strong; faith that what they eat, and do will not harm them. So much for means and methods., When the inquirer attempts to investigate the actual accomplishments under the new pathology, he encounters a vast array of witnesses and testimony. But after attempting to sift the evidence it is impossible to return a sweeping and decisive verdict It would be useless to deny that, under the influence of the mind-cure practitioners, beneficent and in some cases remarkable results are attained. It is not surprising that they are able to a cure' hypochondriacs whose ills exist only in imagina- tion, and it is easy to understand that, their peculiar influence is more potent than that of medicine in cases of certain disorders of mental and nervous origin, There is testimony in abundance, radical, positive, and undoubtedly honest, from people who claim to have been cured by the now agency of organic disease of long standing ; but investigation develops so many weak or incredible points that close analysis is almost always unsatisfactory in its results. Illustra tionsmigutbedetailedbythe8core,buta8Íngle authenticated case will suffice, A prominent dentist of this city fell and severely injured his knee. He sent for a surgeon of good repute, who examined the limb and diagnosed a fracture, saying that he could plainly detect the grating of the broken edges of the bone against each other. The patient was properly treated, and was advised to reconcile himself to several weeks' confinement But, yielding to the importunities of his wife, he allowed her to call in a mind cure practitioner. He treated the injured man according to the tenets of the new school, and tried to persuade him that he was not really hurt. Finally, he induced him to get up and walk, which he did, at first with difficulty, but soon with comparative ease. The dentist walked into the office of the surgeon who first attended him the next morning, and the doctor thought for a moment that he saw a ghost. This case is naturally reckoned a great triumph of mental healing over old-fashioned methods. The old-school surgeon, of course, simply acknowledges that he made a mistaken diagnosis, and says the gentleman sustained only a strain of the knee-joint. "For several weeks past, assisted at the outset, the religious revolution involved in the new departure has overshadowed the consideration of the physical phenomena in the public mind. The theological innovations are confined to the creed of the Christian Scientists, who constitute the largest division of the murderous host. They make the principles of a new theology indispensable in their theories of mental healing. They are led by Mrs, Eddy,, who is the high priestess of the whole movement. She claims to be the founder of the science, though rivals deny it, and her account of the divine origin of the faith is worth mentioning. In 1860, according to her story, she fell accidentally upon the side- walk and, suffered spinal injury and paralysis, which physicians declared would result fatally in a few hours. Her pastor called to see her just before the end was apparently at hand, and offered her consola- tion. She begged him to return in the afternoon, but no one believed she would then be living. By revelation from heaven at that time God's actual relation towards her and to the human lace was made clear, and she realised that her hurt was but an error which, when supplanted by the truth, would disappear. By the light of her new knowledge she brought herself by mental process into a proper attitude towards Jehovah, and when the clergyman called a few hours later, expecting to comfort a bereaved family, she met him at the door. Ever since, Mrs. Eddy says, she has had the power of healing others as she was herself healed. The creed which she has formulated as the basis of her system is a peculiar theological mixture. But, as Professor Stacy Fowler said in a recent paper on the subject, if they heal, people will not stop at a question of theology. If they heal, they will carry the day, and they ought to' Hence it is that Hawthorne Hall, where the Christian Scientists worship, is thronged for an hour before the time for service each Sunday. The Rev. A. J. Gordon, D.D., a prominent Baptist clergyman, who has studied the books of the Christian Scientists thoroughly and talked with all the leaders, pronounces their creed a mixture of Pantheism and Bud- Chasm. The delusion, he says, is most in- sidious. The large use of the Bible, the strenuous demand for holiness and self abnegation in the disciples, the results apparently effected in the ministry to the sick these, are very powerful . considerations for attracting converts. And so hundreds of, young ladies especially are drawn into the system under the impression that they are getting some 'finer quality of Christianity. Dr. Gordon predicts that this is not the final issue. If the body is, only, a phantom and the flesh only a shadowy, by and-by some very practical sinners will take refuge under the system, and insist that the sins of the body and the transgressions of the flesh are harmless, since they are' only the phantom of a phantom and the shadow of a shadow. Dr. Gordon regards the whole system as a sort of witch's cauldron, in which every conceivable heathen and Christian heresy is seething < and simmering to produce the subtle essence called mental medicine.' On the other hand, the Rev. OF Gifford, another Baptist clergyman of equal standing, and several other prominent ministers defend the Christian Scientists and endorse much of their philosophy, while admitting that much more of it is un- intelligible. " But the clergy as a whole now regard the subject with grave apprehension, and on all sides they are discussing, the situation with great earnestness. They hardly know how to deal with the danger, for the sincerity of all infected with the new faith is undoubted, and any policy of opposition or denunciation serves only to increase their ardour. Scores of applications have been made to evangelical churches of the Baptist, Methodist, Congregational, and Episcopalian denominations for letters of dismissal that the applicants may join the Christian Scientists' Church. All such applications have been refused, but the con- verts to the new idea nevertheless worship with those of the new creed. The public discussion of the new theology was begun a few weeks ago by the Rev. Joseph Cook, upon his Monday lectureship platform. He endorsed the views of Dr. Gordon, and denounced the Christian Scientists unsparingly. Since then the subject has been discussed from week to week at one or more of the conferences of ministers of the various de- nominations." i MME POSLAIN, the young wife of a well-todo French merchant, was seen by her husband to secrete a paper when he entered the room, and, as she refused to say what it was, he levelled a revolver (which everyone seems nowadays to carry in Paris) at her, and, she being still obdurate, he at length fired, wound- ing her in the hip. Then, horrified, he threw himself from the third story, breaking one arm and two legs. Madame is likely to recover. It was only a rather long milliner's bill. PORTABLE electric lamps are coming into use," says an electrical writer. " A Skrivanor primary battery is placed in the lamp standard, and the (flow appears on a burner similar to that of oil lamps. The battery consists of a packet of chloride of silver, two thin zinc plates, and a weak solution of caustic potash. This produces a light of twelve candle power, and will burn for twenty-four hours, at the end of which time there is no waste of the elements, but the chloride of silver becomes converted in silver and needs revivifying." ' 