A Bnsh IncMent. Since that incident of the lost children in the Uebnut Wimmaaboahwas beaten out ao as to cover tte whole world with a veneer of Australian interest many greater tragedies, more dwiTHng erait acts of nobler berokzn, worthier perseverance, and far higher quality of romance have been permitted to pass unnoticed. The last of these and greatest in its appeal to the broad human interest comes as an itom of most ordinary news from Tnmnt, Dropped in drily stream which converges from all quarters, occupying about the same space and causing, apparently, about the same concern aa a pabEcanr race meeting, a shearers spree, a washing up of a battery or sluicing rfritn, is a story whose horror and cigrrifb»rtre exceed the tragedy of the Mig nonette as much as the emotions of any general human group exceed those of any individual. The story was told yesterday. It is very brief. A woman is left in a hut with j five grnall children. Her husband is I sWmg at a station six miles away. The j nearest neighbour lives four miles across the 1 ranges. The baby becomes sick and the | moths alarmed. She must get a doctor ; j she must reach her neighbours, and the good Tvan to ride into Tuznut. I It is nearly evening as she starts, tire baby wrapped in ber arms, Freddy, the capable bush lad, for company, the dog for protection's sake. Poor dog ! And now it is impossible to understand what follows unless you know a little of the ranges. What picture does the word bring to you ? Great blue mountains, cut by gigantic rJissraa, ribbed and barred by iron rock ? It is not Lkp thai, Neither is it like the magni ficent ridge, forest-swathed and snow-crowned, which Chevalier or Buvelot has shown to you. You may see a scrap of it in Johnston's picture, " Off the Track," in the National Gallery. Just a scrapof it — you must imagine all the rest. Mil after mile of the same | dreary monotony, mile-long wastes of box 1 : forests, all the ground beneath strewn with j dead leaves and brokmi twigs and whitened j boughs ; occasionally a granite boulder pro- truding, ana m tne aeptn or eaca nouow a patch of Sat with long brown grass and a water- bole, black and foetid before the rain, brown and I turgid aits; tracks also without end. Nodcrabt j about the right track through the first hour, j The ironb&rk; ridge appears as it should, and beyond it the purple head of Kosciusko, or the darkening mas« of the Kiandra mountains, j Yes, they are growing dark, and the sun is j setting, but it cannot be far to the neighbour s. There are three tracks now—one to the old sawyer's camp, the other to the deserted lead. This must be the one ; there is a fresh horse- track on it. Hurry along I The dog bounds j barking ahead and trees a 'possum. Freddy would like to climb and chop him ouk No j time now. Baby whines so piteousl/. Hush, I baby. Hurry, hurry 1 Ah ! there goes the sun. The mother can feel something like certain hope passing nut of ber soul as the last yellow glare rises from the tree tops, and like an actual blessed presence steals up the hill ride and away — ah, whither ? Whither, indeed ! Here are mere tracks, more and more. Where should the mountain be, where the ironbark ridge ? There are clouds rising, there is ne mountain to be seen. The day is going ; the night comes — so swift, bo sad, so strange. Do you know how it oomes ? I will let another speak, for I know I myself can never speak so well : — ' The grotesque and distorted trees, huddled hoe and there together in the gloom like whispering con spirators ; the little open fiats encircled by boulders which seem the forgotten altars of some unholy worship; tte white, hare, and ghastiy gums gleaming momentarily amid the deeper shades of the forest ; the lonely pools be girt with shivering reeds, and haunted by the melancholy bittern only ; tte rifted and draggled creek bed, winch seems violently gauged out of the lacerated earth by some savage convulsion of nature ; the silent and solitary places where a few blasted trees crowd together like withered witches, who brooding on some deed of blood, have been ! suddenly stricken horror-stiff — riding through ; this nightmare landscape a whirr of wings and a harsh cry disturb you from time to time ; hideous and mocking laughter peals above and about you ; and huge grey ghosts, with little red eyes, hop away with gigantic but noiseless bounds. Yon shake your bridle, the mare lengthens her stride, the tree \ trunks run into one another, tte leaves ' make overhead a continuous curtain, ; the earth reels out beneath you like a ; strip of grey cloth spun by a furiously firing i ioom, the air strikes your face sharply, the bush, always grey and colourless, parts before | yon and closes behind yon like a fog. Y cm lose yourself in the prevailing indecision of sound and colour. You become drunk with \ the wine of tte night, and, losing your in i dividnality, sweep onward on a flying phantom I in a land of shadows." . But not so the poor woman. The night to j her brings desolation, horror, despair. Tte (floods have covered all the stars. Tte wind i sighs, sobs, howls. Tte chatter of the j 'possums is hosted. There are no more noises I of bouncing, startling feet. Only the curlew 1 phriek? louder and louder, and tte little voice at her heart moans in a lower, lower tone. The rain comes with a his, the storm with a crash. Hie little boy huddles in her skirts ; the boughs creak above ; the whole voice of i fliri fnvoet w«rc A K nurht un ctnrm darkness, ye are wondrous cruel. The rain falls, and falls, and penetrates, the cruel storm is freezing her, and still the baby moans and the little boy shivers and sleeps, he is so tired. Rhe most sit still till the morning. She has been told so. Always sit still and wait for the sunrise. Sunrise comes — tte blessed sun ! How it tte wet gum leaves ! how it mulrftB every quactf pebtfle sparkle? how the sweet odours of gli the scrub blossoms 4ome out and scent the air. Baby is very still. Open out the wet shawl god let tte dear, the blessed sun shine on her also. Yes, but baby wakes, and still moaninglY. Some mysterious pain that masters all tte mother craft. We must find the doctor. Gome, Freddy. No ; no bre&k-; fist Ah, that is good, Borer, It must be that track- Gn and on and on. And how hot the sun groirp ; how different from the genial, tte gentle heat of the first low rays. Gar ; meats are steaming, poor limbs are trembling now, .strength is waning pjth every step, and baby ezies louder. Jt is not te wad oi pain, it is a natsrl cry ; baby is betters- is hungry. Sit down, poor Freddy; we will feed baby now. j I know no chapter in tte hisfcozy of this world disclosing a keener anguish £h$n must have been endured by that mother as she put the parched lips of her recovering infant to her breast, and knew that tte life source was dried. I can imagine no higher act of real strong, true, womanly heroism than the killing of tte poor dog a#d tte attempt to revive the fainting chdd with its bhjod. IJ® picture no deeper despair than followed tte failure of that true maternal effortr— the watch ing of tte doting eyes, tte stiffening innte And now where is tte Australian painter who grumblee despondihgly that his asrt is not appreciated, or who growls that the dreary saonenotosa bush yields him no inspiratem . Show me that poor woman with tte dead child clasped to her breast, tte weaned boy at her skirts, hurrying, hurrying on. _ There is nnthiiy on your gallery walls, there is nothing in the galleries of tte world, to excel tte pos sibilities of tte scene. Show me the sentiment of the second night, when every voice, every sound became personified when curlews flKng and night owe booting, and hideous vermin jabbering in tte trees, became spirits, ghosts, ghouls, longing to snatch that dead ofJd burden whose lowest moan would now be tte sweetest music that human lips could Xs your canvass of Ienore, your thrilling presentation of Burgers ballad, horrible, ghastly, weird? -There was far more in the bush that ni&ht.; And what when Freddy cculd walk no more, when hunger had ceased to gnaw and utfcfr weariness oppressed him ; when by the of the waterhole filled by the recent run she laid the dead baby down and saw Freddy rink to sleep, and herself harried cm again, bo weak, so footsore, but so full ef motherhood that she could not, would not yield. On through another night, another dawn, another weary day, and in tte afternoon, maze blessed tight than ever greeted woman s eves, a blue whiff of smoke — sure tigu of s ome human »r>pninnsiip — jus, a hut. The starving lad, wearily watching and plying his gum leaf fan about the dead baby nas a bald and ghastly horror. I would not dwell upon it. I would concentrate all interest upon the strong, true, suffer ing motherhood. I would claim for it attention — recognition. I would mark tire episode, not because it satisfies a desire to sup full of horror, but because it punctuates the dull drivel of our daily life with an appeal no less to honest admiration than to common and general interest. — F.M., in 14 Sydney Echo." 