[CONTINUED FROM SATURDAY'S SUPPLEMENT.] J ACOBI'S WIFE. BY ADELINE SERGE A.NT. AUTHOR OP " IIEH WORK'IN LIFE," " BEYOND RECALL : A STORY OF THE EGYPTIAN WAR," ETC., ETC. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.1] CHAPTER XXXIII.-THE FUGITIVES Nigel Tremaine was so utterly unprepared for this communication, that his only resource lay in keeping silence. Ho looked quietly and gravely into the face of the woman who declared herself to be .Jacobi's wife, and wondered to himself whether he was dreaming;, or whether she was mid. And as slie met his gaze, cold, questioning, perhaps even a little severe, the impassioned fire died out of her large dark eyes, her arms sank to her side; she uttered a weary sigh, almost like a low moan, and seated herself once more, with listless hands hanging down, and pale averted face. Site had donned a widow's cap since her return from the shopping expedition that she had planned; its white outliue singularly changed the character of her face, to Nigel's mind ; he could hardly reconcile its hopeless sadness with the energy, the determination, the qiiet cheerfulness that she had shown him all the evening.. " You do not speak," she said at length in bitter tones. " What do you think of my com munication ? Have you no word of pity for a woman who calls herself his wife ?" Nigel was collecting his scattered thoughts. He was'standing; ho placed one knee on the aaat of a chair beside him, and grapsed the back of it with his hand. Then he spoke deliber ately. "If that is the case, you must have had very strong reasons for not immediately making the fact public. Why have you kept silence all this while?" " That is my business," she said, without look ing at him. " It seems to me to be my business too," said Nigel. He paused a little, knitting his brows as the thought of various past events recurred to his memory. "You could have stopped the persecu ti>n of Clarice at auy moment," he said. " Yes." "But you allowed matters to come to this pass. Yon lived in the Vanborough's house and saw your husband " He stopped and looked at her. She finished the sentence for him. " I saw him prepare to marry Clarice Van borough. What did it matter'! I knew that he c )uld not marry her. I let him amuse himself. When the time came, I meant to declare myself, and not before." " And meanwhile Clarice lived in an agony of dread ! Did yon feel no regret for the torture s'le was undergoing ! Did yon never think it would be only common humanity to tell her the truth ?" " I did my beat," she said in the calm and even tone that she always employed when no emotion troubled her. " I gave her a hint. I told her she would be safe, that I would see that the marriage never took place-for I pitied her when I knew that she was unhappy-but I suppose she did not trust me. She consented to the en gagement on the ground of my promise ; but as time went on I dare say the strain became too great for ber. I thought her merely weak and nervous, until it was too late to explain matters. She could not understand. Then I let things take their course." He did not speak, " You think I was cruel ?" she said, looking at him for the first time with some wonder. "Yes." His tone was sombre, and a very dark frown rested on his brow. His eyes were bent upon the floor. " I did not mean to be cruel," said the woman who was Jaeobi's wifo, in a curiously indifferent way. " She was sane enough before that mid night flight to the Darenths, which I never fully understood." " What was that ?" She told him in a few words all she knew con CM'iiing Clarice's escape to the Hillside farm. Dirker and darker grew his face as she continued; mare and more stern his brow. But he did not move nor speak; and Madame Vallor (as she im\y now be called) went on quietly to the end of her story." "It is since that night," she concluded, " that Clarice has not been herself." Nigel moved now. Every trace of colour had eft his face as he reared himself up to his fall height and said decisively "There must be an end of this. I will no more consent to leave her in the power of a person who could see her suffer and refuse to help her than I would have left her to the tender .mercies of Sir Wilfred and his son and of-of Constantine Jacobi himself." He hesitated before introducing her husband's name ; but did not look one whit less resolute than before. " Every ono of the arguments that you used against her living with her father or her brother might be used against her living with you," he said. And then he paced up and down the room once or twice ; a sign that ho was strongly moved. " I was too hasty," he said. Madame Vallor raised her eyes from her lap, and regarded him with a mixture of surprise and interest. She was not oifeuded ; a slight smile ?even had curled her lips as she listened to his words. "You eiean," she said, "that you think I would let her suffer now? "You are mis taken." " How ?" "Think of my position, Mr. Tremaine. I have had to bear great wrougs at my husband's hands; I have borne them mostly in silence. But for the last seven years I have chosen to watch over him and his doings, and thwart him in his projects whenever I had an opportunity. Many a time' he has fancied himself at the height of prosperity ; and then a touch came-a tumour was raised-a question asked-and his prosperity crumbled away into dust. It was I who worked him the evil. He has never known ; never suspected. I think he really does not know that I am living. I have fol lowed him from place to place; tracked him from country to country like an avenging fate. I am his fate ? He will not escape me now. I lost him awhile in South America; and for a I time I gave up die pursuit. I was ill and miserable. I resolved to seek out my mother's relations at Charnwood. I came ; they were good, they were kind. They cured me of my illness, almost of my heart-sickness. And while I stayed with them at the Hillside Farm I found that he, my husband, had come to Charnwood too, and taken up his abode at the Vanborough's house. Then I knew that I was not to cease from my work. Then I knew that my time had come. Then I knew that God had delivered my ?en««)y into my hand." There was a long silence. Nigel waited for Sier to speak : but she, with crossed hands and .dreamy eyes, seemed to be looking into worlds !he could not recognise. At last he asked a ques tion. " How did you introduce yourself into Sir Wilfred's house ?" " I heard that a companion was wanted - I placed myself in his way. I used the disguise in which you first saw me. Let me continue my atory. When I came to Charnwood Manor, what was Clarice Vanborough to me ? A tool, a puppet, an instrument of punishment for him. I had no interest in her-no interest in any member of the Vanborough family. I was cruel to her, perhaps, for when she stood in my way by her resistance to her father's plans, I resolved to crush her. I thought that she was proud and weak ; I hated her pride, despised her weakness; but on the whole I thought of her less as an individual than as a link 11 the chain of events by which I meant to punish him. I meaut to let them stand together at the «i"tar ; then to expose him publicly, and brand iiinj with infamy and shame. What was it to me whetiior a girl of nineteen-a poor, slight thing, that one could crush like a buttertly- were driven into a madhouse or not; no woman couidbe made to; suffer a tithe of the wrong that I have suffered and yet I-I am not mad !" She spoke fiercely, but with a certain gelf-re straining power which redeemed her words and manner from the charge of wildness. Nigel looked at her as he might have looked at some lialf-tamed animal in a cagc; but lie did not speak. Suddenly the fiery light died out of her eyes ; the lines of her face relaxed; her voice grew soft. "I thought so until last October, and then I changed my mind." "Why?" " I was anxious as ever for his punishment; but I resolved not to wreak my vengeance upoti the Vanboroughs as well as upon him. The Vanboroughs had a claim upon me. Geoffrey yanborongh had a claim upon me. For his sake .especially I tried to spare his sister. I did not .kno.v that shero was any reason against his ireturni^g to England when I wroto the letter 'that brought him home. I waited and waited ;-and thought ,yojj would never come. On that ?wedding morning I was close beside you ready ? to declare myself. J. did want to do so; but H made my preparations, _4.ad then you came, You stopped the marriage. I had no need to speak." " What was your motive for altering your plans ?" "I cannot tell you. It was no unworthy motive, and it still exists., I am Clarice's friend -Geoffrey's friend. Clarice is safer in my hands than in those of anybody else." " And you sacrificed her happiness without remorse." "I brought you home," said Madame Vallor, steadily. " Indirectly I stopped the marriage. I was kind to her. She is foud of me now, as you may see. I did not expect that anxiety and suspense would have so bad an effect upon her health. I do not see what else I was bound to do." "At any rate, let the suspense end here. Let the matter be cleared up at once." "No," said Madame Vallor. " You said no /" "I say no." Quiet, motionless, self-contained, she sat in her high-backed chair, her hands crossed before in her lap, her fine profile strongly defined against the dark red curtains that were drawn across the window behind her, her beautiful eyes absently fixed upon the mass of glowing coal in the grate. It was with a thrill of impatience, almost of anger, that Nigel recognised the fact that this woman was impervious alike to argu ment and to entreaty-that, after choosing her owu line of action and following it for seven years, she was not likely to change it because the fortunes of one frail girl, or even one of an entire family, were involved. She acknow ledged that she had been hard and cruel to Clarice, but she acknowledged it apparently without remorse. If it suited her interests, would she not be cruel and hard again ? Madame Vallor was quick to read his thoughts. "You cannot go back," she said, looking at him when the pause had lasted for a minute or two. "You will make matters tar worse if you were to change now." " Suppose I were to inform Sir Wilfred of the facts which I have just heard ?" Madame Vallor smiled easily. " You would not betray a woman's secrets without her consent," she said. "That would be dishonorable. I have trusted you. I do not suppose that you are unworthy of my confi dence." "An unsought confidence, Madame Jacobi." "You had better not call me by that name," she said tranquilly, though the tremor that ran through her whole frame when she heard the word seemed to show that its utterance had hurt her like the striking of a blow. "My hus band's true surname is Vallor. But you know that here we might be overheard. It is always best to be careful. You need not call me by any name when we are alone." She concluded with the faintest possible ghost of a smile, " IQ public I am Mrs. Wilson, and your aunt." " Pardonmeifl wounded you; I ought not per haps to have used that name," said Nigel, with some abatementof the bitterness of his tone. "But I am not sure how much longer this device should be concealed. I am quite sure now that perfect frankness would have served our cause much better." "You are like all young people-you think no cause so precious as your own. Are there no interests but yours and Clarice Vanborougli's to be considered ? And, like all men, you are un grateful. I may not have saved her in the best way, but I have saved her-and for you." " Certainly you have." " And now I will give you a word of warning. If you say I am Jacobi's wife before the day when I give you leave to say so, I have no scruple of conscience to prevent my denying every word that I have said to you to-night. The proofs of my marriage cannot be produced by anyone but me. Your friend, Burnett Lynn, may have been deceived. Jacobi will swear that he never saw me in his life before. Aud, supposing that the charge dies down in that way, what would you do ? You would have placed Clarice in the hands of her worst enemies, and all your efforts would not save her from Jacobi's clutches. I dare you to say a word more than I tell you to say." .'In short," said Nigel, gravely, " you mean to threaten me ?" Her face softened as it had softened once be fore. " Oh, no," she said, " I have not the slightest wish to threaten you. Why are we not friends? I am trying to save Clarice too. I do not want to see her suffer." Nigel's own tones were softer as he said " Will you not even give me the satis faction of knowing why you do not declare your self " I cannot," she said seriously. "You shall know some day. Wait-till Geoffrey Van borough is better-or at least able to speak; and then I may be able to help you more." "And in the meantime I am to leave Clarice with you." His decision hung on a thread. Should he take Clarice back to her friends and let her run further danger to life and reason from Sir Wil fred and Jacobi, or should he trust her to the care of Jacobi's wife in an obscure London lodg ing ? Risks either way; which were the ones he ought rather to incur ? Her next words determined his choice. She rose aud came towards him, looking him full in the face with a singularly grave aud earnest expression. "Believe me," she said, "I will be true to her and to you. Believe me, that I will care for her as though-as though she were my own child; yes, as though she were the little child I left buried in sight of the great ocean seven years ago. I swear to you by all that you hold most dear and holy that no harm shall come to her if I can avert it. 'Crust her to me. God knows that I will do my best to give her back to you safe and unhurt, even-I say it again even as though Bhe were my own child whom I had once more to protect from Constantine Vallor's cruelty." " I will trust you," said Nigel, more moved by the passionate pathos of her tones than she could tell. He had heard sufficient of her story to understand the allusion to that little grave upon a sea-beat, wind-swept, distant shore, and guessed that her reference to it gave, in her eyes, peculiar sacredness to the promise she was making. " I am sure you will care for her-I am sure you will not let her come to harm. I am sorry I seemed to doubt you." He held out his hand. He had spoken with an effort, but his sincerity was evident. Madame Vallor cast one glance at his face, a little less calm than usual, and began to utter some reply. "You are very good"-these were the only words lie could distinguish, for suddenly she caught his hand in both hers, pressed her lips to it, and then burst into a passion of silent sobs Burying her face in her handkerchief she hurried from the room, and for some time he saw her no more. Had he been wise or not? he asked himself. Had he sacrificed Clarice or saved her? He be lieved in his soul lie had done well. Madame Vallor -or Mrs. Wilsou, as they had decided to call her-came back in an hour's time, and ordered some sort of evening meal for his benefit. She herself hardly touched a mouth ful, but she spoke and moved with her usual quietness of manner. It seemed as if she wished her past agitation to be forgotten. "You will go away to-morrow," she said, be fore they separated for the night. "To-morrow?" he said, his face falling a little. " Why so soon?" "You must be seen as usual. You ought not to have stayed here to night. You must show yourself in all your accustomed habits and oc cupations, for you are sure to be suspected and possibly questioned." " No one has a right to question me." " You will be followed. You must not come here again for a week." "I suppose you are right,''he said, with a sigh. "You must remember how anxious I am to see her; how iittlo I have been with her of late. But, of course, I must not endanger Clarice's safety." "Use your own judgment," said she, abruptly. " Come when you can; stay away if you think you will be watched and followed. Mark my words; you yriU be watched and followed, and that before long." He was allowed half-an-hour's interview with Clarice in the morning, and was struck by find ing how much his presence seemed to pheer and animate her. She began to respond to his ques tions with some willingness; once or twice she made some little trivial remark of her own ac cord; a faiut colour stole at times into her cheeks; a faint smile played upon her lipa. It was plain that he exercised a healthful and soGthing influence upon her mind. Madame Yallor gave him, perhaps purposely, an opportunity of speaking in private to nurse Martha. He put Clarice under the old servant's especial care, and told her to write to him from time to time. And then ho bid farewell to the disimilar trio who lodged together in that little house in John-street, Old Pord, and went back to Boechhurst. Jacobi's visit ou Thursday, the following day, apprised him of the discovery of Clarice's flight. He breathed more freely when this was made. But it was with a great eflort that he maintained the coolness with which he treated Jacobi's communication. He would have liked to accuse the man there and then of the crime that he had com mitted, and give him part-were it only indeed a [tithe-of the punishment that he deserved. He was thankful afterwards that he had merely ordered hiin off the premises, and not Ioweied his self-respect by taking the law into his own hands. He had telegraphed to Burnett Lynn imme diately after Geoffrey's accident, and was some what surprised to receive no answer. For, al though he did not now see how Burnett Lynn could throw much light upon the matter he was anxious to have his friend in England, and to hear what was his opinion of Geolirey-s case. Strange to say, Geoffrey Vanborough's state of insensibility or torpor still continued; and though he swallowed his food in a liquid state, and did not appear to suffer pain, in was evi dent that his condition was a very critical one. The days of Nigel's banishment from Clarice dragged slowly by. He was forced, for appear ances' sake, to transact business as usu:il, to look cheerful, and enter into conversation with his friends, while at the same time his ' heart and brain were racked with anxiety. The news of Clarice's disappearance soon got wind. Strange rumours were afloat respecting her character and her fate. He liad great self control, and he needed it all in order to preserve the grave tranquillity and apparent openness which were his best desguisc. His sisters knew nothing of the secret that he guarded so carefully, and Mrs. Tremaine was almost as self-contained as Nigel himself. Hor mind seemed to be completely taken up with "matters of the houseabove all, with the fact that old Martha, the faithful nurse of the family, had been called away to nurse a near re lation. Ia the midst of Nigel's deepest anxiety of mind he was moved to a smile when he heard his mother discoursing gravely to the girls on the inconvenience of Martha's absence, and the possibilities of her speedy return. "I was so sorry to lose her," Mrs. Tremaine declared with an unblushing face, and an innocent look in her blue eyes; " but when she said she niU3t nurse her sister's child through this terrible illness, what could I do? I was obliged to let her go." " What is the illness, mamma?" the youngest girl asked carelessly one day in Nigel's presence. "Consumption, dear," said Mrs. Tremaine with creditable promptness. " And I am afraid that poor Martha will not be able to return to us for many weeks yet." Nigel played his part very well; but his mother played hers better. (To be continued.) 