ON TIIE WING TO THE SC,& MAN1iER. No. 2. [Bi Tis OWL.] Tile day upon which I left George's Bay * for the Scamander, in the amiable society of four other human waifs, I very naturally made enquiries as to the route, "Go back on the Gould's Country road for about half a mile," said my informant, "and you will come upon a bush track on your left, which you will take and keep until rifter crossing the Ruby bridge. You will theni hit upon two more; the one straight ahead of you leads on to the Ruby tin claim (of which I place I will hasoe more to say another time), while the one which runs slightly to I the left will bring you straight on to your I destination." "Concise and clear," said I. "Tumank you, and the distance is how t much ?" " Fourteen miles," said my in-' foromnt, so at the tail end of one of those glorious mornings of which the district of r St. Helen's possesses such a monopoly, I a half regretfully left may comfortable i quarters and laid out for the scene of the I rush, and, "onder of wonders! there was t actually no necessity to carry the swag, as 1 for a very trifling fee, and through the a courtesy of Mr. J. Hall, of George's Bay, I" t was enabled to got it carried. Now, to a r person who had been knocking about the I West Coast, when we had to carryliterally 1 everything on half cleared, boggy tracks, you can readily imagine what a relief and I a novelty it was to take his leisure on a good, well-defined track, and with nothing heavier to carry than a nicely prepared I sandwich and his smoking tackle. T?here is a gradual ascent all hlie distance for the I first eleven miles, passing through granite I country, until we first cross the main t tributary of the Scamander, where we halt t for luncheon. I may here mention that the rush is sot on the Scamander itself, but on its tributaries, and that the distance 3 from George's Bay to the scene of the rush I is-not fourteen miles, as my informant I said-but inust be judged by the manner I in which a person travels to it. For a instance, if a man goes there on a stout i nag, and with a well-filled purse, the t distance, I daresay, is not more than i fourteen miles; but if he travels with a t (;01b swag, and a pet corn being taken i liberties with by a No. 13 boot, together I with doubtful anticipation as to the result I of his journey, then he will find the distance I to be every inch of twenty miles. You see s it all depends upon the style in which it is n done. Well, then, to resume. After cross- a ing the main tributary of the Scamander there are two ways by which the traveller e may complete his journey. Firstly, by way of the aforesaid tributary, which he will have to cross and recross some sixteen times, or, secondly, go straight on up over a the ranges. The latter is by far the better, E as the ascent is. comparatively easy, I whereas by going the first- named route a stranger is likely to get bewildered, owing f principally to its being badly defined, and I having to plod through a dense under- I growth. After surmounting the first rise, I and on looking around me, I am strongly f reminded of the Spacimen Reef line of .country in its broken up state, the ranges i being tumbled about in every direction, I but a better line of country for prospecting r I have never put foot on, possessing as it t does every facility for driving or sinking, I with an unlimited supply of timber and a water. The scene of operations where the gold c has been and is still being found is only a t few chains distant from thetributary which a runs through this part of the country; though the getting of gold is not confined I by any means to the place where it was I first found, for no matter where a pros- i pector "sinks " lihe will get " colours " from the loose drift all the way down. At the i time of my arrival there were some 35 or J 40 old diggers on the ground, some of whom I have met with all over Tasmania wherever the "yellow fever" has been t raging, and from whom I knew I could obtain very reliable information even with- I out trying myself. The morning after my s arrival I sallied up through the workings I with dish on my back for the purpose of taking observations, and I discovered- I Firstly, that of thos3 who were on gold I there was not ia man of them satisfied with I the result of his labour, as none of them r averaged good wages. Secondly, that the average depth of sinking was 12 or 14 feet, I through loose loam, blue-black clay, gravel I drift, and then down on to an average 5 depth of eight or ten inches of washdirt, E which was robbed by immense boullers I running through it; and lastly, that one- I half at least of those who were on the I ground were preparing to clear out. 1 You will no doubt recollect that I did not delay in wiring you the result of my I first visit to the Scamander, my object in I doing so being twofold, viz., that of subf plying the Eranusiser with the earliest pos- 1 sible information having reference to the diggings, and that of preventing a rush taking place without there being sufficient inducement to men who may be in the re ceipt of good wages, and a great many of whom have wives and little ones, for whom they have to provide bread and boots. But in requesting you to prevent-as much as it lay in your power or within the province of your paper-a rush from taking place, I did not wish it to be inferred or understood that there was nothing at all to be had in the place, but simply to give my fellow diggers to understand that it could not be termed a " Lisle," a " Rocky," a a " King River," or a "Long Plains" rush. On the other hband, I am convinced that thle place has never been thoroughly prospected, and you will acknowledge that it is simply the essence of folly to expect poor man to waste their time and labour in prosecuting a work that should be ex elusively in the 'hands of the compara tively wealthy, or at least in the hands of those who would eventually derive the most material benefit, from the success of the prospector, and those are the settlers and storekeepers in the vicinity of the goldfield, not exclud ing, of course, the publicans. If it should ever happen, aul have no doubt it will in the near future, that a party of men under a recognised and trustworthy leader should be sent to this district by Launceston or Hobart capitalists for the lpurpose of hunting up a go?l reef (such a party say, for instance, is ir. Edward O'Brien, of Hobart; had with him at the Long Pl'ains), I am convinced they will not be dis appointed, and the sooner the matter is taken in hand by spirited speculators tile better it will be for themselves and the country, for now tlhat attention is being drawn to the matter there can be no doubt but that men of means won't fail to take advantage of the summes r weatlher, to try the " freshl fields and pastures new" of this quarter of Tasmania, for, dthoough the alluvial gold whlich lie been already obtained is small in quantity, yet for quiality it need not take ai back seat for any class of gold which has yet been discovereil in TIsmania, in addition to which it is all "rough," and withl scarcely a pinticle of waterworn gold anmongst it, thus shlowing the existence of good reefs in thie inmnediate vicinity. Let me now call your attention to a paragraph which appeared in your issue of the 1Ith December, and the heading of which gave your readers to understand that it was copied from either of your con temporaries,thc Mercury or Tasmanians Mail, wherein thle writer asserted that all hands were mlaking good wages, and that people were not justified in clearing out without giving it a good trial. Now as to lwhat the writer's idea of good wages on a diggings may nsmaon I weon't bother my head by s'umisinog, as he is evidently a novice at the business, lst for hisl inforsmation will call it four pounds per week, or even three, :ond yet at either of the figurcs I am open to bet himu a new lhat that he cannot point out or name three men who cleared half even of the latter figure; and as a proof of lwhat I assert, I may mention one instance, though there are ai dozen to fall back upon if necessary. It is well known amongst East Coast smining men that IMr. Charles White, of Blackboy, put hisa shoulder to the wheel with a vigour equal to most men, and yet himself and two mates turned over nearly three chains of ground; and to an average depth of twelve feet, for half-a-crown per day per man. It is all very well to sit in a comfortnbly furnished room and draw upon one's imagination for facts and figures in order to support whatever a man may be pleased to assert; but if reliable information is to be supplied to the Press, and, through the Press, to those who may be likely to be interested in the infor mation supplied, then I consider it is necessary that the person furnishing such information should go and see for himself -a feat which I am convinced the writer in question did not perform. With re ference to his assertion that the diggers cleared out without giving it a sufficient trial, I will not quarrel, as I think I have aheady pointed out that poor men cannot afford the time-that is entirely the work of mining associations. You will under stand that anything I may hve. asserted in connection with the Scamander refers principally, if not entirely, to things as they were prior to the middle of December. Up to the time alluded to there were about thirty men on the graound; now there are no more than twenty, but a good many of those whoi, left did so for the purpose of enjoying the Christmas and Now Year's festivities, and will no doubt come back again, as nearly all hands (" from information received, yer Washup ") believe in the existence of not alone good reefs being yet discovered here, but good alluvial also;. but I do not consider I will be doing myself justice if I supply you with all the information I have at present at my disposal, more par ticularly so as I find it will be necessary to furnish you with a letter, No. 3, which will most likely be a conclusion. In endeavouiring to convey to those of your.readers a faint idea of what George's Bay was like in' my first letter, I omitted to state that there is a fine large school here, occupying a healthy site, and with spacious playground where the "young idea" are initiated into the mysteries of the three R.'s by Mr. Giblin, who is, I am informed, solemnly audmysteriously, uncle to the late Premier. I may here say that it appears to be just as necessary when mentioning the name of the sclhool teacher to a stranger to inform him at the same time that he is uncle to the late Premier, as it used to be with an old landlady of mine - in another colony, who, when speaking of a "certain lady visitor of hers (whose special weaknesses were gin and scandal), used 'to inform me with great gusto, and an elevation of her nose to an angle of 45 degrees, that she " nussed" the 1'Jook " of "Canteridge's" orily" darter," she did. I thought I had achieved a great success wihen I had' a shake hands and a 20 minutes yarn withll his late firijesty "Thakambeau, of Fiji," but when it comes to real live Premiers and " Jooks," I find I have to "knuckle under." There is also a large butchering establishment conducted by Mr. Hardiman, who supplies the couintry for miles around in every direction, and to whose energy George's Bay owes much of its prosperity, but singular to relate there isn't a bootmaker in the place, At least I couldn't find one, but that does not appear to be a great drawback, as' the greater portion of the inhabitants wear the same sized boots-twelves. By the time you will be in the re ceipt of this my last budget for '81, the. gold year will have died away and the new one ushered in by hand salmkings, good wishes, the clink of glasses, and the strains of lively music in towns and cities ; but here in the bush it is just what Dr. Johnson says of life " That it is a scene in which there is much to be endured, and little to be enjoyed." And when the old year is yielding up the ghost to the accompaniment of the sough ing of thd wind amongst the trees, like the expiring wail of an asthlmatic mule, we receive the intimation of the birth of another year by those tuneful songsters the mopoke, the bullfrog, the blowfly, and the mosquito. In taking a backward glance at my con tributions to the Examiner for the past twelve months. I think I can safely assert that if I have not been the means of doing any good, I have wounded no man's sus ceptibilities; and if 1 have been compelled at any time to call my neighbours' atten tion to anything that required remodelling or improving, I have invariably tried to do so without pelting stones through their glass houses for the purpose of attracting attention. But if I have done the smallest particle of good, I will trust for a reward to the " Great Commissioner," to whom we are all making application to be allowed to peg out a claim above-on the only dig gings really worth struggling for, and the "track " to which was so legibly blazed by the "original twelve" and their Master. Scamander Diggings, midnight, Dec. 31. 