ARCHBISHOP MORAN OH ROMAS CATHOLIC' VERSUS PROTESTANT DEVOTION TO THE VIRGIN MART. Tlid is oi» BcVi Dr » Mortn is his piboteI lottsr for May, read in the various Bomau Catholic city cboicbes yesterday, deals exclusively with the religious conventions and customs for tbe month, and the devotions peculiar to the Bomao Catholic Church. |eome of tbe devotional passage! are beautifully written, and among those to wnom the Pastoral is addressed osunot fall to inspire deep religious feelings. In the concluding portion of the letter Br. Morsn dwells nt considerable length on tbe controversial aspect of the honouring ot the.Motber of Christ. The Aroh bishop says:— "Bat whilst to the faithful children ot the Church of Christ this devotion to the bleared Virgin ir a sonrtant source of life and consolation and spiritual joy, there ia no other practior of Catholic piety towards which onr separated brethren display such deadly enmity, none from which they eo shrink with honor, nnd which tbey so persistently assail. In this warfare against devo tion to tbe holy Mother of God, Bationaliim and Infidelity go hand in band with Lutheranism and Calvinism ; and no matter how the varied eeote of PioMBtanii may war among themselves, all are agreed in ditplaylng en irreconcilable, relentleee batted toward! that filial piety which Catholics cherish for the Bleesed Virgin. This, however, ie nothing aew in the hietory ot the Church. Throughout the pelt 18 oentuilei the conutlem beieaiee that raised tbe itandard of revolt sgaiuet God'e Church have eaeh in turn awaited the citadel of Catholic piety, and endeavoured toeorrupt or to undermine ae best they conld the true devotion of the faithful to the Mother of God. Do we not see in this the fulfilment of God'e word ; for what is more natural than tbat the eternal enmity placed by God between Satan and the Blessed Virgin ebonld not ceaie to manlfeit itself until tbe end ot time. Bhe is the protectress ot the Oourch, the guardian of divine faith. The promoters and patrons of error seem instinctively to feel that they tball receive their death-blow at her bands, for well tbey know that each hereay tbat has arisen has been overcome by true devotion to ber : " Thou alone hast destroyed all heresies, O holy Mother ot God," It is the heavenly mission of tbe Blesred Virgin tovsnquish Satan and to orush bis head, end what mo're natural than that he should endeavour with sll bis might to pour out his venom against her. "The Reformers ot the 16th century, when assail ing this pious exercise of Catholic devotion, ac cused oa ol paying to a creature the honour which was due to Uod alone; and whilst they boasted of their piety toward our divine Lord, tbey would allow no tiibutci ot devotion and love to bo offered to her who was chosen to be Hia mother. Nothing can be more nr. jort than the accusation thus made against tbe Catbollo Church, We do not give to the Blessed Virgin the honour wnieh is due to God alone. Ths Obursh leaches us tbat God alone is the Creator and Sovereign Lord ot all creature, and to Him alone supreme homage ie due. He is tbe bra tower of all good glfte, the fountain source whence every grace nnd blessing is derived. Whatever privi leges tbe Blessed Virgin eDjoys, wbatsver power and dignity belong to ber, all have been merci fully btetowed on her by God. Even sb the brightest star in the firmament receives its light from the sun, so it is from tbe eternal Sua of Justice that all the oomeliness of Mary's sanctity proceeds. There is thus an essential dif ference between the honour which we Esy to the Blessed Virgin and the cmage which we pay to her Divine Bon. We honour ber as the most exalted of pure creatures; but Gcd alone is iofinit- in H.s power and majesty, infinite ia Die botioiy and mercy, aud hence it is that adoration and supreme worah p can b given to Him alcns, When we prcnauute tho sweet in- vccation which at times has given so much off-nco to Pro'estants, " Jesus and Mary have miroy on us," the simplest child instructor in the Oatschiem w.ll knows that even us when tho inspired writer prayed that grace and peace might come to bim frcm God and from tho seven spirits who stand b fore His throne, so we invoke Jesus as the eoitce whence all mircy firwe, whilst we only beseech tin' B!es<ed Virgin by her prayers to bo the dispec- Bslrix cf the blesBicgB of His divine mercy to us, I bus whilst the Cburch leaves nothing undone to promote true devotion to the Mother of God, It never fails to instiuct us that - to offer to ber or to any other creature the supreme wor ship which belongs to God alone would be impioua Idolatry and the most heinoui of crime ; and with St, Epiphtnioa we repeat to-day the aame teaching which the Church gave to her children 14 centuries ago : " We faonoor Mary ; but the Father, Son, aud Holy Ghost alone we adore." And ase how wonderful arc the ways of God, bow terrible bis judgments against these who aa>ail Divine Truth. A thousand times uuinsiruoted Catholics by tbe simple words, "He who does nor honour the Mother canoo: honour the Boo," have rebuked the profane insulta with which hetesy would fain tnrn them aside from the piety of tbeir fathers : and history has fully justified tbe golden judgment of tbeir Catholic heart. There are but fuw of tbe followers of the so-called reformers who have not along sgocaBt off their belief in tbe divinity of our Lord, aud t-u» having begun by rs jesting devotion to the Mather, they h>ve enotd ny denying to tbe Son that supreme homage which is due to Him." 