Hilary's MiisItaiKL Hilary stood leaning against a rugged old oak just outsida tho farm-house gate, watch ing hor lover as ho drove away from hor for ever. It was a lonely . road ; thoro wore neither neighbors nor passers-by to peer ouriously into her faco, and Aaron nover once' looked round as ho went ; she need not havo prutJbuu uauii mu luuru uu ronmiuuiy. .out mm stood perfectly calm and still, looking fixedly down tho road after the retreating wheels, though feeling as if sho wero watching a hearse tliat boro away her heart to burial in somo far- away gravoyard beyond roaah of toars. When thoTlast flutter of dust had laid it Bolf in the road bohind tho gig, like a sorrow momentarily lulled to sleep, but ready to start into life at memory'a first breath, the girl raised her clasped hands abovo her head, and closed hor oyes tightly as if to shut out tho vision of ? tho long dull years to oomo, strotohing thomselvoa aimlessly into tho dis tance, empty, loveless, and hard like tho blank road before hor. Thon sha turned and walked ateadily into tho house, and up tho narrow stairs into her aunt's room, and eat down by tho bed, folding her slender hands in hor lap, and looking down at tho invalid with tirod grey eyes that seemed auddonly to havo discovered tho ond of all things, and to know that honooforth thoy must always look bftok instead of forward. Tho paralytia neither saw nor heard whon Hilary oame in. She lay as oho had lain those many months, — pant seoing, past hear ing, past sufforing, yot living still, though as utterly dead to her old lifo' aa had tho JR« gniescat in pace alroady been writton in let ters of marblo abovo her. JFor a long time Hilary sat by tho budsido, absolutely motion less, savo whon sha moohanioally loaned fdr ward to bruuh a fly from hor aunt's brow, or smooth away a oreaBe in the counterpane, or straighten somo umall crookedness that un oonsciously arrestud her oyo. One'a outward Borises aro novor so peculiarly alivo to trifles as when a great crisis ot fato holds all tho spirit spell-bound. So now tho variouB conBOOutivo Bounds of overy-day farm-lifo struck sharply through to Hilary's brain, and sho roso obodiontly from hor Boat at tho firot stroke of tho boll ringing in tho men from the fields to their evening moal. Sho lingered a momont boforo going down, to look curiously at herself in tho glass, No ; this ohango that had como wan all in hor life— not in heruolf. There wcro no wrinkles amid tho faint horizontal linea that crossed hor forehead, no hollows in tho smooth, palo oheoko, no faded threads in tho blonds braids that covered Jior lioad in nuch ?profusion. ? Sho looked tho namo now as whon uho had run down so blitholy to bid hor lover woloomo only an hour ~beforo. Sho prcssod her thin, Dwcoi, lipu together, nnd shook hor ? ? m-**i^«- head as if to fence off memory, and thon slowly deaeended to the dining-room, whoro Farmer Perkins and his wifo, with whom ahe and her aunt had boarded ever since aho could remember, wero already seated at tho table, whioh was set for lour,' and had that air of olaborationlabout it whioh tables, like peoplo, put on for an oxpeoted guest. ' Why, wh'ero'B Aaron ?' asked Mrs. Per kins, in ovidont disappointment. ' ' I mado sure ho would stay, and opaned a jar of my best Btrawborriea, though young men aro that ignorant, I belioyo he'd all as soon havo had orab-apples.' ... 'Ho couldn't wait,' Hilary answered quietly, as sha took her plaoo and busied her solf with her napkin. 'He had a groat deal to do.' Farmer Perkina raised his bushy brows without lifting hia oyos from his plate. ' Had ho, then ?' ho said, with good-humored doubt. 'I'd bo' 'glad ot tho day when Aaron Johns had a deal to do.' 'Yes,' answered Hilary, lifting hor head with a desperate feeling that it was best to get through tho worst at onco. ' Ho had so little time. He loavos to-night for the West — for Omaha.' 'Whatl' Tho oxolamation oamo from Mrs. Perkins. Her husband merely suspended his opera tions with tho wafllos, and stared at Hilary sideways. ' Yes,' she oontinued, in a perfeotly qaiot, unemotional voioo. ' Ho said ho had failed long enough horo, and ha was suro to get a start there. It's a poor opening a young lawyor has in a littlo oountry town like this, ho says.' ' Eight enough thero,' assented fchofarmor, resuming his knife and fork and appotite. ' We ain't so dishonest about horo yet, that many folks can earn a living sweuring black is white for us. He'll do a sight batter in that lying country where he's going. He's a smart enough fellow too, is Aaron. Givo him a start, and ha'll not oomo in with tho hindmost.' ' Well, I am took bsok,' said Mrs. Porkins slowly, quite forgetting to spread her bread in her surprise, absently eating tho butter in littlo lumps off tho end of her knife, as if test ing it. 'Ican'tseom to settle down to it. Who'd havo thought he'd go off so sudden, for all tho world like a rooket before the matoh is sot to it 1 And when is ho coming baok to fetoh you, Hilary ? ' ' He is not coming back.' 'Not ever?' ',No.' '. Tho girl answered steadily enough, but hor oyes foil. , . . ' Hilary,' said Mrs Perkins solemnly, lean ing forward to look at har, with both elbows on tho table, ' you don't moan you've been keeping company with Aaron Johns this twolvomonth baok, for him to give you the go-byo like that in the ond 1 ' ' Thero isn't any go-by about it,' replied Hilary quickly, a hot crimson spot coming to caoh oheek. ' We've broken with oaoh othor — that's all. He wanted me to go with him, and I wouldn't. How could I leave aunt, when sho's only mo in nil tho world to stay by her and close hor eyea decently whon sha dies ? ' ' Como, oome,' said Mrs. Porkins sympa thetically. ' I don't know as your ohuroh is stricter than ours, though it's truo Episcopals havo queer nptions ; but I do think there oughtn't any religion to expoot a y^ung girl to let go so likely a follow aa Aaron, and tie herself down to a half-doad bodylika yon poor, unknowing creature upstairs, that can't tell porridge from cider.' 'I don't tie myself to her,' Hilary an Bwor'ad. ','God tied mo to her when ho left us two all alono in the- world, and I oan't un do a duty of God's making.' Thore was Bilenoe for a time, during whioh Mrp. Porkins gazed fixedly at tho girl, occa sionally giving some tempting dish on abrupt puab in her direction, and once going to tho pantry to out off a bIico ol particularly suc cessful eleotion cake, whioh Bho silently put on Hilary's plate, as i£ wishing to offer suoh alleviations of destiny as were in her power. 'Don't you leol bad, Hilary? ' Bho brus quely asked, at last. ' Very trap, my dear,' said Mrs. Perkins approvingly, considerably cheered by the an swer. ' That's the only proper way to takn afflictions. That's just what I said myself when tho blaok hon wouldn't set, and all the eggs wont addled. And I dare say there'll bo somo other young man along all as good as Aaron, and a stay-at-homo besides. There's Nathan Taylor, now. Ho's none so bad when you get usod to hia squint. Oh, you needn't think you'vo had your last ohanco yet, Hilary. Thoro's many a hook Blips a fish that lands its second easy. Hilary shivered over so slightly. ' Thero'll never bo any ono elso for me, Mrs. Perkins. Don't let's talk about it. Are you going to look over those currants to-night ? Shall I help you 7' ' Well, yea, if you like,' answered tho good woman briskly. ' Four hands is always better than two at a job, and there's nothing like pioking over currants for diverting tho mind. It'a tho most distraotiug thing I know of. I sot myself right to it tho night aftor my little Jim was huried,andit consoled me wonderful. It was roally providential that ha died in ourrant-time. I'll fotoh 'em right in.' They all left tho tablo together, and tho farmor took up his straw hat from tho ohair whoro ho had thrown it upon entering, -then turned back awkwardly to lay a hoavy hand on Hilary's shoulder. ' Hilary, my girl,' ho said kindly, ' you'ro made of pretty decent stuff. You'll do.' By ten o'clock that night all apparent lifo had ceased in tho littlo farm-house. Gave in Hilary's room ovory light was out,' and all but sho wero sunk in the dreamless sleep of the hard- working. But Hilary still sat by hor aunt's bod, lost in thought and taking no note of time. At last sho roso, with tho look ol ono who has como to some solemn decision, and, going to a tall chest of drawers that stood square and ungainly in a corner of tho room under tho sloping roof, she took out a white muslin dross that had lain thero undisturbed since hor first and only ball, and which was still very fresh and unrumplod. ? Sho shook it carofully out of its creases and laid it' by whilo sho sought for various othor dainty articles of apparel, — her ono pair of silk stockings and kid slippers, a white ribbon u&sh;, a bit of rare old laco, — and then, taking off bar plain Bluff .dross, sho proceeded to mako a fresh toilette from head to foot, even robraiding her heavy masses of hair ond arranging them in a way that euitod hor ?hotter. Sho Btood at last fully drossod in tho soft whito mualin, — vory lair, vory brido- liko. But something was still wauting. Bridos wear voils. Ah, sho must borrow hers. That littlo Shetland shawl, soft as spun Bilk and oobwobby as laco, whioh had beon hor aunt's prido in bygono daya,— what could'better fit her need? With trembling hands she un-. foldod it from its many wrappers and threw it ovor her head, fastening it deftly horo and thoro to her shining braids. It foil fleooy and. light over hox\shouldora und floated far down ovor hor dross. It wan tho finishing touch. Surely all was complete now. Bnt no; did aver bride go to tho altar without a flower upon hor ? Hilary hesitated an instant, thon gathering hor whito Bkirta olooely around her, with hor long voil flung over ono baio whito arm, down eho went, noiuolesaly aa tho ghost oho soemod, to tho tiny hall bolow.' Sho list ened anxiously. Hnd tho creaking wooden otaira betrayed hor ? Thoro wan not a Bound indoora oavo tho old clock ticking weariodly in tho comer, whoro it atood liko a flontinol at his pout waiting to bo tolioved, Another stop and she readied the front door, slid baok the bolt, lifted tho latoh, and passed out into the dark and dewy garden. Her. heart beat high as she stole softly down between tho shrubberies. Thoro wad but moonlight enough to mako tho dnrknesa visible, and to show herself a misty white spot upon it, strange in the midst of strangeness, as if a cloud had fallen to earth and gathorod a Bomblanoe of human shape in falling ; the ruBtling of the leaves was aa bo many faint spirit- voices asking in Irightoned whiapora,who and what sho was that had thus oomo among thom ; the tan felt cold and un aooustomed beneath hor loot; tho air waa damp and heavy with too sweet odors ; bats flow low aoroas her pathway with ugly, flap ping wings, and her ears tinged \yith n thou sand littlo sounds that Bhe seemed nover to havo hoard before. It waa a gruoaomo hour for a girl to be out alono, but she kept steadily on her way, down botwoen tho straight, stiff flowor-bedB. The lilacs woro long sinco dono blooming, and tho lilies and tho syiingas too. Sho thought of theso last with a sigh ; thoy would have boon quito liko orange-blossoms. Thoro were plenty of whito balsams and white phlox and candytuft too, on . either side ; but Bho passed them swiftly by,, never pausing till sho oamo to tho very end of tho.garden, whoro a whito rose-bush, laden with half-open budB, seemed to havo bloomod purposely for this hour. Hilary broke oft tho flowers with hasty hands, — a few for her breast and a low for hor hair wero all she needed,— and thon, with an exultant thrill at her he . ct, sho turned and retraced her steps through tho fitful moonlight and the mysterious shadows, that seemed to turn whon sho did, and to ohase hor with gliding, dusky footsteps, as though loath to let so fair a vision go. Bnt tho houso was reached in safety, the doors reolosed upon that strangely unfamiliar worldof night outside, and Hilary stood onco moro in her room before tho glaaa, smiling a aad littlo smile of triumph at herself. Yes, it was all complete now. Thoro lacked nothing save only aoma one to say that aha was fair. Sho glanced shyly at her own imago, ashamed of hor involuntary pleasures in its sweetness, and turning away wont to the bed to bend down over tho poor invalid, who was no far ther from her now sleeping than waking, and softly kissed her forchoad. 'Aunt,' she murmured beneath hor breath, ' I take you as my witnesa.' The olock in the hall below struok elbvon ; tho lamp began to flioker and turn dim ; Hil ary saw she must not delay. From some hidden nook that hold her ohoioeat treasures she took out a daguerreo type and placed it open upon the table. It was the likeness of a good-humored, sturdy, young fellow of about three and twenty, with a beardless face and honest bluo eyes, and big, awkward handB, brought into bold rolief against tho uncomfortably fitting Sunday coat. It was not altogether admirable as a work of art, but Hilary looked at it with loving eyes as she knelt by tho tablo in her bridal dra peries, and opening her prayer-book laid hor right hand upon the pioture and repeated aloud in a grave, hushed voice, firm with re solve and aweet with unutterablo lovo : ' I, Hilary, take theo, Aaron, to be my wedded husband, to havo and to hold from this day forward, for better for worso, for rioher for poorer,- in sickness and in health, to love, cherish, and to oboy, till death ua do .part, aa cording to God's holy ordinance ; and thereto I givo theo my troth. Tho strange rite waa not ended yetf Should she not too wear a marriage symbol upon her hand, like all women who havo sworn this vow ? Still on her kneea, Hilary reached out for a spool of yellow silk in hor basket, and, knotting a slendor thread firmly about hor wedding-finger, slipped over it a littlo ring whioh she had heretofore always worn on tho other hand. Now sho felt woddod indeed, and bonding forward sho prossed her lips against %the unresponsivB pioturod faco, blushing all * over hotly in sweet shame. ? And so the weird midnight oaromouy camo to an end, and Hilary roae, folded up hor wedding garments one by ono and laid them tenderly away for over with tho whito roseu that had soarooly yet lost their dow, returned the pioturo to its hiding-place, blew out the light, crept silently to her couch, and lay thero motionless as tho slocping figure in tho bed beyond, but with wide, bright eyes that refused to oloso, though all waa so dark and still. From that night a new life began for Hil ary—a life unshared by any, unknown to any, and of whioh the only outward Bign was that tiny silken thread upon her finger, which she replaoed as often as it loosoned or showed dim, and whioh, aafely hidden as it was be neath tho littlo trumpory garnet ring, pro voked no mannor of oommont. Or if occa sionally it oaught a curious oyo, hor Biraple answer—' It is only to remember Bomothiug by' — was a quite sufficient explanation. But everything was ohanged to hor from that night. Sho woro only tho ribbons that ho best liked hor in ; every new gown was ohosen and lashionod wholly according to hia tasto. Every Christmas, every birthday, she worked him presents that na-ie saw save the poor to whom sho gave them in. his stead. 'Aaron's handkorohiefs must be nearly worn out by now,' aha would say soberly to hersolf. ' I must hem him some moro.' Or — ' Aaron's shirts oan suroly hold no longor; I muat make him another set. His wife must not nogleot him.' And tho needy oroaturos who received hor gifta littlo knew what pure and perfeot lovo had aided in their making. Onoe a year upon her wedding anniversary, aB she called it in her thoughts, she always made a littlo feast to mark out tho day from its uuoventful follows. Was it not natural enough aome timoa to call a few frionds together ? And no ono thought of noticing that on thoso octia sions sho invariably woro a bunch ol whito roseo at her breast. And so tho yoara went by. Tho poor old aunt quietly slipped away altogether out of the life upon whioh sho had so slight a hold ; tho farmer and bia wifo became old and in firm, and upon Hilary, who had grown to bo moro daughter than guest in'tho houso, now dovolved muoh of tho real management ol tho homestead. But who, seeing tho quiet, middle-aged woman moving methodically and proanioally about her work, slurring no homely part of it, nogleoting no wearisome detail, would have guoaped that oho hid suoh a bright fresh romance in hor hoart, and was glad of it and comforted by it through all the lonely daya, and through all tho todioun, commonplaoos of tho monotonous routine?. Aaron Johns had beon heard of but onco sinoo ho drove angrily away through tho sun shino and the dust, never turning to look baok at tho girl who oould so lightly lot him go ; and that onco when Farmer Pcrkinu brought homo word from town that Aaron had gone on- from Omaha to Denver, and Bcltlud there, and had marriod a wifo and was doing well. Hilary listened with no deepening of oolour, no quickening of her evon pulses, but with u curious soimo that Aaron had com mitted i\ oritno, and that sho was responsible for hia sin. But ovon that feoling wore off noon, and Aaron - remained her dream huoband still, hor Gooret oouusol in omcrgun cioa, her daily director and hoipor and com forter, whilo eho tried to think of him as keoping paco with timo, and to imnglno him overy year with hair a iittla moro gray, and' oyeu a littlo leas bluo, and oheokn a littlo moro sunken and furrowed. ' I should know him anywhero if I hqw him,' sho often aaiii to hortiolf. Of couruo ho would not rooognino mo now ; but my lovo baa kopt stop with hia changus, nnd ho oould not havo (jrown owoy from it.' And bo tho years slipped softly by, until .. one day Farmer Perkins returned fromtown bringing a wonderful bit of nows with hinv ' Hilary,' ho said, as ho aat down, resting tho palms of -both handa on hiB kneeB, and looking solemnly at her over his spectacles, ' Aaron Johns ia baok. He's pioked up a tidy bit of money ;and buried his wifo out- there, and now he's como on a visit to see how the ' old placo looks. I told him he'd find you hero tho same as ovor, only that tho old aunt was dead. Ho wanted to know special if she web alive still. I always said ho was a smart fellow, ' ' was Aaron. I know he'd get on.' . . . . . _'?.'' 'You don't mean Aaron's, baok I' ' Mnf. Perkins oxolaimed, all in a flutter of exoite- ? ; ment at onco. ' Now I shouldn't wonder if '. he'd really oomo for Hilary at last, and here she's been a-waiting ready to his hand all. : , these years 1' - Sho'went about all day as if stunned, Bnd whon at last word waa brought her that Aaron was thoro and asking for her, she wont to meet him liko ono walking in a dream. ' Ho will nover know me,' sho ropsated to her- ??'-.' self. ' I havo ohanged, and so of oourse has . . ho ; yet I feol that I should know him any. whero.' ? And then she heard a voice saying heartily, ' ' Why, she'a positively not altered through all theso twenty y«ars I Hilary, I should havo known you tho world over I' And raising her eyes ah», raw a stranger standing looking at her, a large, stout man, with, a bald head, and buahy, red-brown whiskers, and not a wrinklo anywhoro on all his round, good-humored ' lace. ' Was this Aaron ? Was it possible that this waa he? Not a look, not atone, note gesture seemed . familiar ; ovan hia smila seemed strango. It came upon her liko a Bhook and took away her breath. She oould only givo him her hand in silanoe. _ ' Yon, the very, very same 1' ho oried de- '' ' . lightedly. 'Nothing is ohange'd. ? No one ia ; ohangod. The oamo plaoe, tha same house, the same peoplo. It is as if the whole town had been sleeping an enohanted sleep. There aro no improvements, no innovations, *no alterations anywhere — not so much as a sign« board torn down. Everybody seems just to hava beoomo his own grandfather. I could swear I saw Bome of tho very hats in tho street to-day that I saw twenty years ago. It's delightful. You oan't think how it rests a man, after ho has lived bo long in the midst ol perpetual newness and stir and ohange, to step baok to some spot where time is at a standstill, and whero there ia really nothing new undor tho sun. Should you have known me, Hilary ? Forgive mo ; I oould not oall you by anything but tho old name.' ' Sho hasn't any other hereabojitB,' said the farmor, patting her Bhoulderaffeotion ately. ' Our Hilary ia Hilary to all the townsfolk still, juBt aa sho waa in her young days.' ' She has never outgrown her young days,' said Aaron, looking with pleased oye at the slim figure and gentle, lovable face. ' Time has stood moro still with her than with any thing else. But I'm afraid you havo forgotten me, Hilary,' Sho flushed deeply all orar her delicate pala faco. and hor oyea dropped. ' No,' sho anawered, ' I have not. But— » but you do not seem tho sasno.' And try as sho would, through all tho daya - that followed, she oould not think him baok into his own placo. Ho waa a new Aaron ol* together, not tho old Aaron whom she had so loved, and to whom she had been 'so faithful through the years. Sho oould not 'get usodto him. Eis presence was a continuous shook to hef, aa if his real and his imaginary sell were always at war with each other. This Aaron was too stout, too noisy, too careless, and in too exuberant good spirits. His clothes fitted him too well, and she miBaed the blue neoktio, and tho limp oollar, and tho big flapping silver ? ohain. And ho curried silk handkerchiefs now, and woro shirts beyond .anything her simple skill oould faBhion. Ho was vory nioe, very pleasant ; she found no fault with him as ho was: it was only that he was not the Aaron of her dreams, And when one evening, as he was bidding her good-bye, he camo nearer and said, gently, ' Hilary, will you go West with me this timo when I go baok ?' she trembled violently, and , oaught away her hand, looking up at him ?- with oyes full of perplexity. ' Oh, Aaron, givo mo time, give me time,' sho faltered. ' I do not know, — I oannofc say, — lot me think,' . She sat up late in hor own room that night, as she had sat thero onco so many yoars be fore, thinking it all over with a disquiet heart. Thero was no helpless form Btrotohed on the bed beside her now. Thero ^va8 absolutely no one to keep hor baok — nothing to keep her from him, Sho had beon truo to him all these years ;' she bad shut out all other love from hor heart because of that loot lovo of his; and now he had brought it back to hor to bo here, and hers always, if sho would. How oould Sho do else than reaoh out to him tho ? hand that she had given him ao many years ago? She looked down at it, fingering the little gold throad nervously. Must sho part with that ? Could any Bhining wadding ring ever ba doaror to hor than that had beon ? It would be like unsaying an old vow, like oasting off an old allegiance, to take this thread away. She went to her desk and took the little daguerreotype from its hiding-plaoe. A faint odor of rose-leaves olung to it, like a tangible emanation from all the gontlo and . sweet associations with whioh it had enriohed her life. A tranquilizing eoiibo of peaco atolo ovor her as Bho looked down at tho dear familiar face that had smiled ohangelessly baok at her for so long. Oh, this was tha real Aaron,— tJi is was tho Aaron to whom she had given hor heart — this was tho Aaron who had beon with her till he had grown into every fibre of her being. How could aho be faithless to him now, giving heraolf away to that other and different Aaron who had so boldly oomo in to olaim hor ? ' Oh, no, no I ' oho oried aloud, olasping tho pioturo to hor heart with a sudden paroxysm of foolish tears ; ' I oannot — I cannot 1 Aaron, my dear pioture-lovo, you have been my all whon I had no ono else, and I will not givo you up. This new Aaron is not tho same, and if I took him in your plaoe, it would bo liko divorcing myself Irom you to marry him ; and I should miss you, oh, I should miss you till I died I ' And bo, merely for sako ol a droara whioh Bho could not banish, Hilary Bent hor lover away onco moro, and stood at tho end ol her ' story as at the beginning, watohing him as ho drovo disconsolately down tho road, knowing that she Bhould nevor seo him again. But ha turned this time to wave his hand to her iu friondly farowoll, feoling vaguoly, porhaps, that sho waa right after all, and that tha Hilary ho loved would caaoo to ba tho same transplanted to foroign soil. And whon1 ho had disappeared and tho dust had settlod quiotly down bohind him, Hilary turnod with n amilo on hoc lips to ro- ontor tho houao, Farmer l'orkina Btood upon tho threshold, watohing hor somowhat anxiously. Sho went ? up to him and hud her hand upon his shoulder. ' Auroa is going back to Donvor to-morrow,' Dho said, still smiling. ' And ^ J | — I uUoll stay behind again.' ?'? t 'Hilary, my girl,' aaid tlio old man -?)'' earnestly ' I'vo alwa/fl said.it, you'r mnda of protty decont stuff, and'— ho took off hiH Hpootaoloa and wiped thorn oarofully — ' and V think you'll do, Hilary — -you'll do.' Gmcc Dcnio Li(chjiddt in the Century, 