NEWS OF THE DAT. The cable news to hand this morning from London is of n more cheering character, and indicates brighter prospects of pcaco being nuiulained between England and Bussia. The Daily News published an article on Saturday stating that her Majesty's Government had ascer tained that the Czar is earnestly desirous of a pacific solution of the Afghan frontier question. Ho is said to ho also willing to refer to arbitra tion the question whether tho covenant, liy which ltitssia pledged herself not to advance beyond the positions occupied on the 17tli March last by General Komaroff's troops, has- been misconstrued by. that officer. The mili tary authorities are, however, not relaxing their war preparations, and eleven first class trans ports have been chartered by tho British Go vernment for the conveyance of troops to India. A9 a further provision against tho possible collision with Russia, it is reported in London that a secret treaty has been concluded between England and Turkey. Tho only communica tion which the Premier has received on the subject from the Agent-General came to hand on Saturday. In that Mr. Murray Smith stated that tliero were " slightly more peaceful indica tions" on Priday night. The threatened collision between England and Russia over the Afghan frontier question is the one prominent topic disenssed in both the English and continental journals, which have reached us by the mail. Telegrams from Constantinople stale that in political circles thero the opinions prevails that a war between Bussia and England could not he localised to Afghanistan, but would necessarily extend to the Black Sea. Rumors are current that the British Government had already sounded the Ottoman Government in view of the necessity of obtaining from tho Sultan the authorisation to pass tho Dardanelles in tho event of war breaking out. The prolongation of Hassan Fchiuy Pasha's stay in London is at tributed to tho "belief entertained by tho Porto that the complications in Afghanistan are more likely than the Egyptian question to bring about, under certain circumstances, an alliance between Turkey and Englaud. lu Vienna tho belief remains "unshaken that the peaceful in tentions of the Cz9r and M. de Giers will over come the existing difficulties, provided England dues not raise unjustifiable claims and the Ameer of Afghanistan does not play a double game. Any intervention cither ou the part of Austria or Germany is considered highly impro bable uutil events advance much further. Tho Paris correspondent of the Daily Telegraph says: — 'Everybody here whose opinion is v.-ortli anything obstinately refuses to believe in tbo possibility of a war between Russia and Englaud ; but 1 mil bound to add that nobody here believes tho British Government to be in earnest. There is not a Frenchman of influence who looks npon tho considerable preparations that are being mnde iu England and India as intended tor serious business.' Berlin telegrams state that there is great uneasiness there i;i con sequence of the warlike preparations iu India and the orders issued by tho English Admiralty to the establishments at Dcvouport, Chatham and Portsmouth to make every available vessel ready for sea with all dispatch. The Exchange was in consequence much depressed. With reference to the military preparations in India, the Daily Fetes received the follow ing telegram from its correspondent at Allaha bad : — The military authorities of India con tinue their preparations with a vigor and deci sion commensurate with tho crisis. Already CO, 000 troops have been equipped iu readiucss for immediate active service, for which only tho necessary orders are now required. It is pro- bablo that Sir Donald Stewart will have to coutent himself in tho first instance with a demonstration in Beloochistan, of which he himself will take tho supreme command, while General Sir Frederick Roberts and General Ilar- dingo will have command of divisions. Lord Dufi'eriu on bis way io Rawul Piudcc was to day (Thursday) mot by the Maliarajuhs Sciudia and Holkar. Tho interview was most satis factory. each prince formally placing his army "" at the disposal of tho Indian military authori ties for use in the event of a war with Russia. A rumor is current hero that two members of the Afghan Frontier Commission, under Sir Peter Liunsden, havo been killed by the Rus sians. I have, however, not yet been able to obtain any official confirmation of the report. It will ho interesting to learn what are the views held in Russia upou tho Afghan boundary disputo. The Standard's correspondent at St. Petersburg says that there are no two opinions there on tho subject of the pending agreement, which is regarded as u distinct diplomatic triumph for Russia and a defeat for England. The Moscow Gazette proclaims that the dispute has given placo to peaceful inquiries, Russia meantime keeping possession of the places whence it was wished to oust her, and that this satisfactory result is duo simply and solely to the fact that theso positions were occupied without so much as saying " Byyour leave," aud without auy promise to abandon them on demand. The 'icdomosli, writing iu tho same strain, ex presses full confidence that the Russian Govern ment, having entered npon a firm though peaceful policy, aud found themselves fully justified by the result, will not again ubandon that policy, but will insist upon a settlement of the question by means of diplomatic negotia tions between St. Petersburg aud Loudon. Tbo A'oi'oc I 'remya points out that without Russia's consent, tho Egyptian Convention conld not have been concluded, und threatens us with a refusal to sanction further international measures if England refuses to settle the Afghan question in a manner satisfactory to Russia. The Maritime Review. a Russian periodical, publishes interesting information concerning the activity of the naval department with re gard to tbo regeneration of the Russian fleet. The number of ironclads in Europe amounts to 31 8, of which 20 per cent, belongs to Eng land ; then comes France. The Ihirel place as to number belongs to Russia, with 38 iron clads ; the fourth to Germany, the fifth and the sixth to Holland and Turkey. Judging by these figures it might bo assnme'd that the naval forces of Russia aro about a half weaker than those of England ; while, by taking into ac count those ships only having 8 inch annor us a minimum, with a speed cf 8 knots, ac cording to tho improvements that have been progressively effected in the mode of construc tion in recent years— it is found that England possesses 34 well conditioned ironclads of the most modem typo, and 20 others of a inoro obsolete construction for sea manamvres, not too far from tlic coast; Franco 33, Germany 24, of which four are of the old typo ; and Russia 18, only three of which aro of new con struction. Ou tho other baud, for long voyages aud warfare on the ocean slxip3 of exceptional dimensions, well provided with artillery and coals, are absolutely required. Europe actually possesses 85 irouclads of that class, and in that respect Russia occupies but fifth rauk among .the naval powers, having but seven ships of that type, of which two only are of new con struction, The naval administration is, there fore, under the obligation of constructing at the same time six ironclads of tbe modern typo, three of which are intended for navigation on the ocean. The Premier has sent a cablegram to the Agent-General and also through Router's agency to India.Cliina and America, for publi cation in the press, giving warning to mariners of the action resolved by the Victorian Govern ment in extinguishing all coast lights should war be declared between England and Russia. There will not bo tbe slightest difficulty ex perienced iu raising a volunteer reserve force of 10,000 men if the military spirit shown during tho last few days prevails throughout the colony, and there is nothing to show that it does not hum as bright iu remote countrv towns as iu the military barracks of the metropolis. The Minister of Defence states that he is daily receiving offers from all parts of the colony to raise volun teer corps. The possibility of an enemy coming to our shores has apparently put tho manhood of Victoria on its mettle, and us the Government are ready to do their part towards the defence of the colony against attack by the Russians, the men capable of bearing "arms will also be prepared to do theirs. The naval and military authorities have de cided to adopt extraordinary precautions in order to ' prevent civilians and representatives of the press visitiug and inspecting the armored forts, coast batteries aud submarine mining establishments. On Saturday the representative of The Age proceeded to the Swan Island battery in the steam tug George Rcnnie, on board of which was a paymaster from the Public Works department who Was going round to tho dincrcut forts and batteries to pay tho men's wages. The officer in charge of the Swan Island battery refused to allow The Aoe representative to land, and ordered the captain to put him ashore. The order was carried out. It jgiBttn this precaution, is v-mii q order which was isrued in March by his Royal Highness the Field Commander-in- Chief of the English forces. In that order it is expressly stated nune hut officers or civilians employed by tbe War department will be ad mitted to armored forts, turrets, rinsed coast batteries or submarine mining establishments. A strike of an unprecedented character has occurred iu Bulgaria, tho clergy of the ortho dox church having closed the places of worship throughout the principality. The cause of the strike is t lie non -payment of stipends. In 1833 the National Parliament enacted that Ujo clergy should bo paid by tho Slate, subject to a church rate ; but tho people resented the levying of the rate so energetically that it has never been collected. An endeavor was mode to. vote tbo necessary amount from the Treasury, but Par liament declined to sanction tho expenditure, and consequently tho clergy determined to cease performing their duties. The R.M.S. John Elder, of the Orient line, arrived at Port Phillip Heads on Saturday night, and anchored off Port Melbourne yester- day morning at ten o'clock. It has been deter- mined to discharge her cargo for Melbourne in the Bay. The vessel leaves for Sydney at one o'clock to-day, and will return to Melbourne in time to take the next outgoing mail to be despatched by this line on Friday. The num- ber of passengers brought out for Melbourne and Sydney was in all 249—viz., 27 in the saloon, 63 in the second saloon, and 159 in the third class. They have all enjoyed good health, The London dates brought by the John Elder are to 27th March, and the mail consisted of 373 bags, distributed as follows :—45 landed at Adelaide, 16 for Geelong and Western dis- tricts, landed at Queenscliff, 89 for Melbourne, 97 for Sydney, 27 for New Zealand, 68 for Queensland, 24 for Tasmania, 4 for Noumea, and 3 for the naval squadron. The officers on board the ship are nearly the same as on her previous visit, the exception being that Dr. William Langford is now the medical officer, vice Dr. Hollcroft, who has gone to the west coast of South America. Messrs. Charles Young. M.L.A., and T. B, Munlz, C.E., the contingent of the Water Sup ply Commission which visited Bcechworth, re turned to town on Saturday evening after having inspected the local water supply works, and tho water raising appliances in use for irrigating the hop plantations on tho Ovens river. Mr. Tames Campbell, M.L,C., and vice-president of tho commission. Also returned to town on Sa turday night, after a brief visit to tho Yea and Alexandra districts. The next visit paid by the commissioners will bo to the Wimmcra dis trict, and they will start on Monday, the 11th inst. The estimate of tho populations of the Austra lian colonics, which wo published on Saturday, has a special interest when read in connection with tho remarks made by Mr. W. J. Trickett, the Minister of Public Instruction of New South Wales, oil Tuesday last, nt Shoolhaven. He is reported to have spoken as follows: — ' ' Onr popu lation was generally stated to he less than that of Victoria ; hut lie thought we now exceeded her, and he hoped for the sake of certainty on this point that Mr. Dibhs would cause an eurly census to betaken." Theideil is ridiculed by the Syducy Daily Telegraph, which says that " a special census, with all t he expense involved in the undertaking, for the purpose of assuring Mr. Trickett nnd tho world generally that we havo beaten Victoria iu- the race of population, is not likely to commend itself to a rational public. Even if we proved that we had wou. the game would hardly repay us for the cost of the caudle ; and if we were found to be an in fant or two short, how great would he Mr. Trickett 's grief at uot baviug waited n few days longer I Since the exploits of Eliare Chinamen, who burned down their houses to obtain roast pork, there lias been no project comparable with this suggested to tho Treasurer by his too enthusiastic colleague." The Daily Telegraph. however, suggests that the idea may be carried into effect early in 1887, as at the end of that year New South Wales will celebrate her cen tenary. Jt says: — "Mr. Trickett will thus secure tho eud he has in view of proving — at a sufficiently early date — that we havo wou the Population Stakes iu the great match with Vic toria, at the s:une time that ho confers a perma nent benefit on his colony." Tho Minister of Agriculture will ask the Executive Council, ou Tuesday next, to ap point the 29th June as tho dato npon which the election of five members to tho couucil of management for agricultural colleges shall take placo. Tho election is to be held iu all tho agricultural districts of the colour, and the roll of members of the agricultural" societies who nrc to havo the privilege of electing five mem bers of the couucil must bo prepared not later than the 29th inst., and lodged with the Minis ter of Agriculture. It has been stated that an amicablo settle ment will probably he arrived ut by the East Melbourne Cricket Club with the Lands de partment as to the removal of the advertising boards which tho club has erected on a small pieco of ground located between the playing ground nnd tho railway line. Tho club was many months ago asked to remove the advertis ing boards, but took no notice of the request, and the Lands department has therefore decided to take the strip of land on which the hoards arc erected from the club. It is wholly denied by tho department that any understanding was arrived at to tho effect that the clnh should have tho privilege of erecting advertisiag hoards. Three years ago the department lodged a pro test in the matter, and the club havo not shown a good spirit in meeting the wishes of the department, which has the power of depriving the clnb of its playing ground altogether. The ground is only held by tho club under a permissive occupancy, so long as tho land is uot required for railway purposes. But with the rapid extension of "tho Princes-bridgo sta tion yard, it will uot be long before the whole of tho land occupied by the club is absorbed, and tbe club driven to seek a resting place else where. An influential deputation, representing the residents of Carlton, will wait upon tho Minister of Lands to-day with the object of securing occupancy of a pieco of ground in Princes Park for cricket and recreation pur poses, Recent operations on tho old Carlton cricket ground havo so reduced tho available space as to render the enclosure practically nso- less, and tho object of tho deputation is to secure a site which may be used by both tho Carlton cricket and football clnbs. A formal reprimand was administered on Saturday to the undergradnato James Kcay Troup, who was one of the prime movers in the disturbance created ou the 11th April, at the annual commencement of tho University of Melbourne. The whole of the members of tho professorial board wero present in tho library, with tho exception of the Chancellor, Vice- Chancellor and Professor Halford, but tho nndergradnates, although ordered to attend, waited in the quadrangle until the return of Tronp, who was cheered ou making his ap pearance. The speeches were, therefore, de livered to empty chairs, as there were only two students present in the room. In accordance with a resolution adopted by tho Melbourne Presbytery ou the 24th February last, tho congregation of Scots Church were yesterday requested to fill in and put into boxes placed at the church door a printed paper con taining the question. " Are you prepared to acknowledge the constitutional authority of the church and to submit to the jurisdiction of the presbytery?" A space was left to write a monosyllabic answer aud the signature of the member or adherent filling tho paper was required. The question was printed by order of the presbytery, tbut bodv instructing the kirk session of the church to obtain replies to it, tho object of the presbytery being to dis cover. if possible, how many members of tho congregation were with and how many against the ruling body of the church. Obtaining a signature to each paper would also formally hind each person who signed to his answer quite independent of what he might think in regard to the parti cular dispute between tho congregation and the presbytery. This will probably be found to have had tho effect of defeating the presby tery's intention, a3 it is stated that tho large majority of the congregation havo not placed their papers in tho boxes. If, when the exami nation of the papers takes place, this is found to be the case, the feeling of the congregation will not have been ascertained to the satisfaction of the presbytery. The meeting of the kirk session to open the boxes will probably take placo this afternoon. It is noticeable that on the printed papers distributed there is nothing beyond what is suggested by the contest to show that the document is addressed to the Scots' Church congregation. Tbe Pacific Steam Navigation Company in tend increasing their fleet, and have given In structions for two new vessels to be at once constructed. They will be built at Barrow-on- Furucss, and are each to be COCO tons burden, with a minimum speed of 15 knots, which means that when put to their utmost the vessels will be able to accomplish 17 knots. It is verv likely that one of these vessels will relieve the favorite steamer of the company, John Elder, now run ning under the Orient flag and trading between London and the Australian colonies. A private telegTam has been received announcing that Sir William Robinson, the Governor of Sooth Australia, who proposed to . TisitaMelbonme, for tho purpose of. discussing. several Imperial questions with the Governor oi Victoria, lias definitely decided to abandon his intended visit. The first day's racing of the South Australian Jockey Clnb was held at Fletniugton mi Satur day in the presence of a fair number of specta tors. Tho opening event, tho Firet Hurdle Race, wns won by tho top weight Sir.Patrir.k, with Old Sonl second and Echo third. Silver King was greatly fancied for tho St. J-egcr, lint The Broker avenge! his Sydney defeat. Sandal being tho only other starter. The Goodwood Handicap fell to Lantern, who led nearly all the way and won without an effort, Lord Wiltou second and The Ghost third, Juonna, Remus and The Teacher were the only threo starters for the Sires' Produco Stakes, and finished in that order ; a pleasant day's racing being brought to a conclusion by Pyrctto win ning tho Victoria Handicap, attended by Meander and Honora. Tho mooting will be coutinuod on Thursday, when tho rsco for tho Adcluido Cup will bo (ho chief attraction. At tlio Court of General Sessions on Satur day, before Judge Trench and a jury of twelve, two middlo aged men, named Thomas Aslitou and Geo. Edwards, were charged with assa'alt and robbery. It appeared that on tho evening of tho 17th ult. a railway laborer named Tlios. Quin was standing in Little Collins-street when the prisoners camo np, and wero observed hv a waiter named Westthorpo to tako Qninn into a right of way and knock him down, after which they rifled his pockets of about £4. The pri soners then walked away, and Westthorpo in the meaneirao procured the assistance of Con stable Skeeban, who arrested the prisoners and brought them back to tho right of way in which Qninn was lying in on insensfblo state, suffering from two severe wounds on tho fore head. The prisoners, who mado no defence, wero found guilty and remanded for sentence, the jury remarking that credit was dno to the witness Wcstthorpe for his conduct in informing tho police. The Postal deportment has announced that in future tho mails to and from Desine's Marsh and Lorno wiB be made np tri- weekly instead of daily. The mail for each of the places named will close at a quarter to six ajn. on each Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday morning. The new clnb rooms of the Commercial Travellers' Association of Victoria, which aro situated at 82 Collins-street east, were formally opened lost Saturday afternoon. A large num ber of gentlemen and members were prcsont to partake of a gloss of wine in celebration of tho event. The president, Mr. J, Stcn- uell, presided, and in declaring the rooms opened, referred to tho fact that when the association was started in 1880 it only had 45 members, while it now numbered over 313, and was the premier institution of its kind in the whole of tho colonies. At present, in addition to having paid off tho £500 which had been raised by debentures, and liaving col lected £2000 for the Relief and Scholarship Fund, the association still had a good amount to its credit. The fntnro career of the associa tion he thought would bo even more successful than its past. Mr. Zox, M.L.A., who pro posed the toast of Prosperity to tho Commer cial Travellers' Association, congratulated tho members npon tho successful issuo they had brought the club to. After a number of other toasts had been honored the proceedings closed. Tho Rev. Alexander Dowio, who has given tho Fitzroy police so much trouble lately, wa3 instrumental in creating a most disgraceful dis turbance in Jolmston-street last night. Mr. Dowie, who was ejected from tho tabernacle in which ho has been accustomed to hold religious services, publicly announced his intention to regain occupation of tho building to preach there last night. This drew a crowd of about 3000 >eople to the place in anticipation of a free fight. Hr. Dowie, who lives in a houso immediately opposite the tabernacle, came out of his resi dence between six and soven o'clock with about thirty or forty followers, who. with lighted torches, marched in procession along several of the streets in Fitzroy. Tho mob, which quickly grow to an immense crowd, followed Mr. Dowie and his adherents anil pelted them with stones, some of which struck tho polico on the head. Tho scene, while it asted, was a most tumultuous one, Mr. Dowie, regardless of all other considerations, singing at the top of his voice, nnd incitiug his disciples to resist the polico, who iu vain at tempted to restore order. Finally Mr. Dowio found his wny to tho green adjoining tho taber nacle, whence, after being jostled aud other wise roughly handled by the crowd, ho was glad to run into his own house. He will be brought before the Fitzroy bench this morning on a previous charge of conducting a procession along the streets without municipal authority, and the occnrrenco described above wiU proba bly form tho ground of another prosecution. No arrosts wero made, as the polico could not find the persons who threw tho stones. The mayoress of Frahran, Mrs, G. W. Taylor, will hold a reception in the local library to-day, from half-post threo to liaK-post five, A public meeting was held at the Victoria Hall, Carlton, last Friday evening to explain the objects and working of the Coalition Per manent Building Society ; Mr. J. Gardiner, M.L.A., occupied the chair. He briefly ad dressed the meeting, and introduced Mr. \V. M. Cook, J.P., tho president of the society, who spoke on tho benefits derivablo from building societies, giving many illustrations of indivi duals who owo thoir present good positions to joining building societies, and creating homes for themselves. JR. Cook wa9 listened to with great interest by those present, some showing their appreciation by subscribing for shares. After a voto of thanks to tho chairman the meeting closed, Tho fortnightly meeting of tho Exhibition trustees was held on Friday afternoon, at tho Town Hall ; Mr. L. L. Smith in tho chair, and Messrs. E. L. Zox, G. 1. Fincham, M.L.A.'s, and tho mayor being present. A gronnd plan for extension of the aquarinm was submitted by the architects and approved of. On a recommendation from tbo building com mittee it was decided to asphalt all paths in the grounds under tho control of the trust before tho wet weather set in, tho thoroughfares on each side of the building being largely availed of by tho residents of Carlton and Fitzroy. It was resolved to let tho main hall to the Fire Brigades' Association on Saturday, 23rd of May, and to recommerico tho scries of organ recitals on Wednesday evening, 6th inst., Mr, J. B. Edeson being the organist for the week. The Young Women's Christian Association of Melbourne held their annual meeting for tbe election of office bearers at their rooms in the Assembly Hall, Collins-street, on Tuesday evening, 28th April. There was a good atten dance of members. Mrs. H. B. Macartnoy was unanimously re-elected as president of the as sociation ; Mrs. Robert Gayer, lion, treasurer, and Miss S. C. Booth, lion, secretary, were also re-elected for the ensuing year. The following ladies were elected as vice-presidents : — Mrs. A. Yule, Mrs. M'Knight, Mrs. S. H. Officer, Mrs. Kerr Johnston, Mrs. Harmon, Mrs. Pennington; board of management — Mrs. W. Allen, Mrs, Fawns, Mrs. North, Mrs. Dixon, Mrs. Digby- Berry, Mrs. D. Kennedy. Mrs. Harvey, Miss Davics, Miss llartnell, Mis3 Armstrong, Miss Johnston, Miss Dennis ; gentlemen's committee — Rev. Alex. Yule, Rev. 11. B. Macartney, Rev. W. Allen, HeT. C. Banning, Mr. John Wil ton, Mr. II. Cornell ; the two latter gentlemen were also re-elected as hou. auditors for tho ensuing year. The half yearly social meeting of the association will take tlio form of a coffee supper, and will be held in tho Assembly Hall, Collins-street, ou Tuesday evening. 19th May. A full report of the work of the association w'il be given by the hon. secretary. Addresses will be delivered by various speakers. A meeting of tho Victorian Society of Organists was held at Mr. Peake's organ studio, Collins-street, on Saturday, Mr. T. H. Guenelt in the choir, when the constitution and rules of the society were adopted ami nominations for office bearers received for election nt the next meeting. A most remarkable optical illusion is now on view at the Waxworks. It consists of the upper half of a lady, whose body appears to have been cut iu two at tbe waist. T he upper half rests on a shelf suspended by cords, and the puzzle is to ascertain what has becotijc of the lower ex tremities. The theory of a mirror beneath tho shelf is inapplicable, as a sword is passed in every direction immediately below the lady, or rather the half lady. Another circumstance to he noted is that the shelf is Jmado to swing to and fro, and ultimately it is removed entirely, the lady supporting herself by holding the cords. Tho public ore permitted to approach as close as they choose, and shake hands with the visible portion of this remarkable lady, in order to satisfy themselves that she is real flesh and blood, and not a dummy. The illusion is very complete and interesting. The secret of this optical phenomenon, which is known as Thauina, was recently invented by Dr. Lynn, of London, who sold the right of producing it in the Australian colonies to Mr. William. Edwards, the present proprietor. Thauma at tracted much attention on Saturday night, and she will no doubt bo an object of interest to lovers of the marvellous for some time. Clark and Byman's Red Stockings troupe of minstrels appeared in a now programme at St. 1 George's Hall on Saturday night, tutu they were, as soocessful as usual in.amuring the audience. Tlio same entertainmcnt'will be re- 1 pelted this evening. I Called Back entered upon its sixth we -1 "f representation at ller .Majesty's Opera lluii'e on Saturday night, in tho preseiir-- uf a largo audience. This piece contains ro many ele ments of interest that in all probability its run will ho extended for a considerable time. The Nugget Theatre continues lo he a centre or at 1 pi cl ion for amusement seekers, and Hur, scv nml Lawlon's latcuted minstrel troupe nightly meets with well merited appreciation from crowded audiences. They will appear again this evening and till furlher'llotice. There was a largo attendance at tha People's Concert, held in tbo Temperance Hall, Russell- f tract, ou Satmday, when the Combination Serenaders appeared in a new programme. The variety entertainment which followed the first p:ut of it was a feature of the performance the songs aud dances being frequently encored. Barney's Mistake, an amusing farce, was tho last item on the hill. Mr. O. M'Alj.ino, F.C.S., will j;iu- the first ot a winter series of lectures on botany uf the Collegfc of Pharmacy, Swanston-street, at 8 o'clock to- nialit. At tlio Homccopathic Hospital the stale of the house for the week ending 21st ult. was as follows : — New cases, la ; admitted into house, 2 ; attendances, out patients, 97 : number remaining irader treat ment, 310 ; wards full. The following la tlio report of the Victorian Kyc nnd Ear Hospital for week ending 2nd May: — Inpatients remaining In house, 39; admltied, G; discharged, 8 ; remaining In house, 37; ont patients, males, 116: fe males, 99 ; new coses, M ; total, 259 ; operations, 15. 