flloveltet. DAN LYONS' DOOM. ? — ? / CHAPTER XVI.—(COHTINDED.) By WAIF WANDER. "Does any one but you know ol this place?" he asked, suspiciously, aB eho held up the lamp lor him to eeo around him. " Only Ellon." " What is it for? What do you havo suoh a hiding-placo for ?" .. „ " Don't you sco ?" Bbc asked, "we dis covered it by accident, and I havo Bomotimes used it to bring fools into blindfold to frighten thorn with visions—have you forgot thnt I am a fortuneteller, and the witoh of Mount Roban, Dan Lyons ?" " I have forgotten nothing," he said sharply, " but thoro is light here, or thoso ferns would not grow—mind, woman, how you dare to deceive mo." "I am not. deceiving you," and sho draw baok a screen of old bags as she said so, " there is tho pan I burn my horbs and sulphur in, and tho skull that frightens gold out of fools' pookets, and as for light you will sco it up there among tho slopes of the roof whon the sun is not bo low. And now I will show you that I meau nothing unfair—follow mo still." . Sho hobbled up a steep inolino that was in a oorner of tba cava, and thon turning a cor ner suddenly thoro wa? a dense screen of living verdure beforo Dan Lyons. "If you doubt mc at any time, Dan," she said, " you have only to part them branohes, and you are fxoe on tha side of Mount Roban. And now I must get baok for fear somo one should get into the hut and look for mc. I will bring you a bed and food and drink, and no policeman can ever sot an oyo on you hore." " Stay, Nan 1 If I want you, how am I to call you?" " Knock at tbe trap-door; I shall hear you, if. not the first time, surely at the seoond." She put the lamp on a ledge of rock, and left the murderer there alone, with the sand under his feet and the ferns by his sido, and he lay down to sleep again as criminals so often Bleep, with tho shadow of their terrible doom surrounding them closely. CHAPTER XVII. THE MOnDEREU's DEEASI. It bad been a day of great oxoitoment at Marranga, and over tba township the round moon shone on a generally-shared and' great disappointment—Dan Lyons had not been arrested. Every man who had turned out to search for tho lo?t child had tried to hunt up the murderor, but the sun had set and the moon rison vainly so far as tbe arrO?t of that fated man. At tbe cottage, out in tbe garden, some vwhere standing, and seated on the edge of tbe erandab, were several of tbo parties you have become interestod in, I hopo, during the relation of this story. Mr. Pollard was thero, and Leonard Prosser with him. Little Daniel was standing leaning against tho wall of the houso at a little distance, and in a spot from which ho could watoh his mother's movo tnonts to and fro between kitchen and siok chamber. Tady was talking to tho boy and looking in Daniel's faeo with a sad pity, and the boy had oonflded to the honest Irishman more of his thoughts and feelings on tho lata events than he would have told to oven hi? mother. To his mother, do I say ? Dau would not have trusted her with one idea now; be had lost all oonfidenoo in her, and lost it for ever. It ia a sad state of affairs between a mother and child whon the latter gets old enough to reason and suspeot the actions of tho author ot his being, but it had come to that with Ellen Griffiths and hor son Daniel. The boy was getting on for thirteen years old, and ho bad not reaohed that age without having heard many sneors striking at Ellon, passing bis disreputable old grandmother's lips. Now that he knew his mother had aotually visited that vilo murderor and secured his escape, Daniel began to reaall theso sneers and hints, and to shrink within himsolf at what thoir meaning may havo beon. Dan did not toll Tady Connor anything of his suspicions against his mothor, but he said enough to make the Irishman so sorry for tbe lad as to be anxious to sever him entirely from Marranga. Eveiiv now and then as they were speaking the boy would look toward tho door of tho room whore his dead companion lay. Con stable Loader stood there silent and grim looking, for his disappointment was keen, and he had yet to impart his want of success to Charlie Ellis, who he know would not givo bim good words for it. It waan't his fault, certainly—he had done all a man could do ; but in all probability the impossible) would bo expected from him. Loader had said a word or two of this to little Daniol, and tbe boy was determined that il be oould trace Dan Lyons through his mother, he would toll Loader first of it, for Loador had beon kind to him, and it seemed just to him, who had the trouble of searoh all day, that ho should bo in the suoooas, if suc cess there was, and Dan was thinking of this even while Tady was telling him how ho and Mr. Leonard were going away as Boon as tbe claim was worked out, and what a lovely land Ireland was. " Dan," said a woman's voioo near tho boy, and he started as he turned quiokly to hor, for he knew it was hia mother. " Come hero, I want to speak to you, my son." Ellen Griffith waa standing in the shadow b! the verandah as she spoko, and she had a (lark, shawl folded around her. [ " Don," sho said," if any ono a?ks you for mc, tell thorn I've gone up to do a message for Miss Fanny." "To the farm, mother? Why it's miles | away." ' " I'm only goiug up to grandmother's, Dan, only Idon't want any one to know I'm on Mount Rohan. I don't think any ono will miss mo; but if thoy do, say I'm gono on a mes sage. I won't belong, nnd Nurso Brown is with Mrs. St, Horriok." Sho was gone, and tho boy stood where sho had left him. Gone to grandmother's 1 and then it flashed aoross tho boy's memory like a gleam of lightning, that there wore hiding places on Mount Rohan 1 Old Nan did not know that her cave was no mystery to little Daniel; but I Bhould liko to know what placo to climb, or what_ rock or tree or cavo conld over xomain a mystery long to Bush boyhood. One day, two years ago, Daniel had tracked a wombat into that cavo, and explored the cor nors where tho bones and the skull and rub bish were, and ho had onco frightened the hag herself half out of hor senses with a deep groan, just as she was protending to call up the devil with hor protended soroery. Dan Lyons was hidden on Mount Rohan I That was tho idea that flashed upon him so vividly. He stood still for a minute to think, and then ho wont to the sido of the glum looking constable, and whispered to him— " Mr. Loader, don't tell any one just now; but I think I know where Dan Lyons is." " What 1" almost yelled tho cou?table in his surprise. " Hush 1 I'm not sure you know, but I want you to oome and seo. Can you without telling any ono?" " What makes you think this, Daniel ? You must tell mc more than that; I can't be going off on anothor wild gooso chase just whon wo are exporting Ellis back." " I am sorry you can't bo, for I'm sure bo's thero I " the boy. said deoidcdly. " I can't tell you how I know, but I do know, and I will ask Tady Connor to ro with mc." " Stop a minute, Dan," tho policeman re turned, as he laid his hand on tha boy's arm, " let mo ask you a question or two. , If the villain is whoro you think oould one man arrest him ? " " Dan Lyons is only one man and we, you and I, would be two," the boy contemptuously replied. " I am only twclvo yt>ars old, but if I met Dan Lyons alono I am sure that God would help mo to kill him." " Mc boy," Tady said softly, " do you think the littlo girl that's lyin' oowld in?ide would like to hear you saying that you would make a murderer of yerself." "No, she wouldn't, and I didn't mean that, but I'd die myself to sco Dan Lyons punishod for killing hor." " I will go with you, in the namo of God, wherever you go, Daniol, and if these fingers of mine can help to twist a knot round the villain's throat they'll bo strong, I know." It was Loader who spoke, ana Tady Connor looked wonderingly at him. " Whoro does tho boy want you to go ? " Tady asked. " To take Lyons; he thinks he knows where be is. Como on then, my boy, we will havo a look at thin oavo of yours." " Daniel!" cried Tady, in a hoarse, low voice, " don't go ! dpn't go, as drag ging a man to the gollows is no work for a tender-hearted boy liko you." " I'm not tendor-heartod. I hate, Dan Lyons. Didn't she 1 " and ho pointed toward the room where Resignation lay so still, " sho usod to cull mc hor friend, and I would go up Mount Roban the darkest winter night that over fell to sco tho handoufls on her mur derer's wrists. If you do not come I will go myseU." " There is n fato in it," mnrmered the Irish man. "Wo can't let the child go himself; let ?Bboth go with him at all events." It might havo been nearly eleven o'olock when little Daniel, leading hia companions by a circuitous w&y;, no as to avoid any chance of meeting his mother, olimbod up the wooded sides of Mount Roban. Tho moon wos on their backs as they climbed, and whon they orossed a patch of grass on whioh no trees grew, their shadows fell short and strangely distorted on tho hill before them. " Do you sco that rook a little to tho left ? " the boy asked, as thoy paused on ono of these graesy 'spots, over whioh hung the great branches of a yellow bos, " the cavo is just behind it, and if you look among tho trees farther on you will see the light in granny's window. Now you can wait hero until I oome baok and toll you if ho is thore." " If he socs you, my poor boy, there mightn't be time for you to cry out," Tady said anxiously. "Let us all go together." " No, we would make too muoh noise. There is no fear for mo, I wont let him see mc until you aro thero." "The boy is right, lot him go," was Loader's decision. " These young native born chaps aro liko native oats in the hush— thero is no fear of him coming to harm." Daniel |know overy rod of tho way ho had yot to go, most of his young life having been Bpent about Nan Griffith's hut. He had treed 'possums on hundreds of old trees up Mount Roban, know'tho warm haunts of the snakes by tho sunny rocks, and had friends with many a protty lizard as it crawled from warm, mossy nooks on the follen logs. And not always alone—even as his heart beat wildly with his eager exoitement and hope of being the one to bring Dan Lyons to his doom, the boy's eyes filled as he remembered Resignation as his dear lost companion in many an expedition in search of wild flowers on the skirts of old Mount Roban. Light of foot, tho boy quickly reached a rook, from whioh he had but to* stop and crawl through tho bushes that Boreoned tho opening from the oavo whioh Nan Griffiths had pointed out to the hunted man. Ho paused there, and drow book, for ho hoard somo sounds that were not of the leaves or tho breeze, of the sleeping birds, or tho gentle 'possum. Thero was a sharp rustle of branohe? that woro parted by two fierce bands, and tho boy was face to faoa with Dan Lyons, only a thin screen of leaves between them. In tho pale moonlight the man's awful face gleamed with an unearthly whiteness, yot the shadows under tho overhanging eye brows seomod dark as an oven starless mid night, Tho thin lips wero olosad tightly, and thero was something so terrible in the eyes that looked out and down the mountain to tho valley beneath thnt little Daniol shud dered and shrank from it. Dan Lyons had no hat on. Tho marks of tho tonsure wero still visible on his head, but long thin looks straggled on his temples, and were blown naro?S hi? sunken ohook by tho damp night breeze. Ho looked up to the stars and tbo moon, down to tho township, across to the cemotory, and to Murder Gully, and ho mut tered a ourse as his oyes rested on tho last. "He has kept bis word so far, damn nun 1" ho groaned out between bis olenohed teeth, " and now it is uot tho brat's faoe I sco but his 1 " With theso words be lot the branohos rustle into their plaoe? and disappeared, leaving tho boy to orawl baok as he had oomo to tell bis companions of his Buceeas. " I oould almost have touohed him," he said, with suoh triumph, " but it will be far safer to get'him in the cavo, and I oan show tho woy 1" " Tell us something about tho inside of that cave," tho cautious policeman said, and Daniel did his best to desoriba the inolined path inside, and the sudden turn behind tho screen of bushos. "What ?re our plane?" lioader asked, turning to Tady Connor. " Can I oount on you, Connor?" " You can so," tho littlo Irishman repliod, " but don't let the lad in it at all." " I'll bo in it, in spite of you," was Daniel's firm declaration; " you oan't go without mc, ond I'll bold tho wretoh while Mr. Loader puts tho irons on his wrist?." " There's a fato in it 1" Tady groaned, re peating himself, " so go on, and I will be at your heels." Whon thomurderor re-entered tho cave, after looking through the soreen of bushes down on tho fair sweet world beneath him, he do?ed himself with poison again, and flung his gaunt form upon tho rough bed Nan had sup plied him with. The bed, suoh as it was, lay on tha floor of tho oave—if the wretched man stretched out a hand ou either sido of bim it lay upon tbe 000 l sand; with either he could have gathered tho pale groon ferns that flung their delicate fronds almost to his pale face. But ho did not feci the sand, or pluok the terns—he slept and dreamed. Tho murderer's last dream I Oh, merciful heavens, that suoh a thing con bo I That a being on whose soul lies tho curse of him that sheddeth blood should dream of happy faces, and tho innocent laughter of children 1 That ho should feel the breath of the sweet sea on his faoe, and tho touch of loving lips on his cheek 1 That he should feel oaressing wo man's arms around him, and tho perfume of tho roses on her bosom in bis nostrils, and awake—oh I pity of it— awake, to feel the felon's irons on his wrista.l Dan Lyons dreamed that be was a boy again on tho mountains of his Irish home. He heard tbe whisper of the waters of tho river near whioh ho was born, and the rustic of tho sedges upon its banks. It seomed to him that be heard bis mother call him by tbe name " Dan! " and that somehow or other the notes of a lark away up in the bluo sky were mingled with and drowned his mother's voice. Anon bo was in a groat ship on a wide sea, and he saw the white crests of the blue waves breaking and rolling down tho waters like sheets of whito firo under the silvery moon. There was musio and dancing and kind words ; there were girls' bright oyes and girls' sweet smiles. It seemed to the miserable man that he was sailing on a never-ending sea of happiness, and that there was no suoh thing as sorrow in the wido world around him. And then ho tossed his arms in his sleep and grated his sat teeth, as he mumbled awful, brokon words. Groat gnarled trees seemed to bo strotohing their crooked limbs all round him, leaving no hopo for hi? esoape. Treoa without a single leaf on them, and so pallid and dead that they seemed liko ser pents, slowly and hopelessly entwining him. Ho struck at them with his hands and cursed them with hia lips, and he awoke shrieking out to find faces bending over bim that wera not the facos of bis dream, and when ho struggled to rise he found he oould no longor touch the sand, for thore was steel on his wrists 1 Even then tho poor boy Daniel flung him solf on the man, and held or tried to hold down hia struggling limbs. "Tie him I tie.him down or he will get away I Tie him 1 tio him I " Daniel's face was scarlet with a great passion ; the fury of an awful excitement burned in his oyes, and as Tady dragged bim from tho helpless man he shrieked all tho louder, " Tio him down 1 tio tho murderer down I " Tie the murderer down I That awful cry was heard by two women up above in Nan Griffiths' but, Ono of tho women was Daniel's mother, and as sha rooc'gnised hor son's voice, nnd know that Dan Lyons was taken, sho foil forward on her faoe at ber mother's feot. " It was aa neat a job as ever I saw done 1 " Constable Loader exclaimed; " and now Dan Lyons will yon go quietly with us, or must we drag you down the hill liko a bundle of firewood?" ? " Let mo empty that bottlo," was the hoarse reply, " and then you can take mc to bell if you like." CHAPTER XVIII. THERE ARE TWBIiVE OF ?B. The night waved "lowly on, and Mr. Pol lard, Loonard and Dr. Syme hovered yet around the front of tha oottage waiting for the long delayed arrival of Charlie EIHb. They had missed both Loader and Tady Connor, and did not know what to make of it, and tho doctor had just been in to sea the sink woman, and was telling the friends about her state. "She lies in a most peouliar state," he ex plained, "and as I cannot honestly say I understand tho case, I have sant to Bowden's for Dr. Crowther. Half tbe time sha sleeps and thon only she seems conscious, dreaming doubtless of what she talks of, sometimes loudly and sometimes in a painful mutter. Her husband's death, hor daughter's name with terms of endearment, instructions to Ellen Griffith about household affairs, alt proceed from her lips when aaleep, but through all and above all is tho name of Dan Lyons and her unforgiving hnto of him." '? And when she ia awake ? " Mr. Pollard asked. " When sho is awake she lies as one dead, save that her eyes wander round as in a rest less search for something, she knows not what poor thing." "Here is Ellis on foot," said Leonard," and he is coming quiokly. Bless my heart, how tired and upset you look, Charlie." " I am both," the young trooper replied; " but I havo no time to tell you muoh until I sco Loader; where is he ?" " We don't know, he ha? been gono from this a couple of hours or moro, and Tady Connor, it would seem, with him." " No olua yet of the man ?" " Dan Lyons? No; Loader and several of our follows have been in ovary possible direc tion all day—the man has disappeared as suddenly as if he bad gone down in the earth." " The shafts? Havo they bean searohed?" " Over and ovor again. St. Horriok's was deserted when Loader wont straight to it aftor ooming baok from Bendarraok. No, Dan Lyons is not captured yet." " Thank God I" ejaculatod tho young troopor, as ho took off his hat to wipe the dust and perspiration from bis faoe. " That tho murderer is not taken ! Wo are all surprised to hear you say that," Mr. Pol lard said,"' and you mu?t hava Btrong roasons indeed, for I know that ono great object with you, sinco you wore stationed at Marronga, was to find some traoo of poor Colonel St. Horriok's murderer, and bring him to justice." "At thia timo yestorday, no greater prize in my profession, if I may call it so, oould havo been oflorod mo than the oapturo of Dan Lyons—now I pray to God that ho may not fall into my hands I" " Good Heavens, Ellis, explain yourself I" " I will. I was roturning to-day from Yaw benack, whero I had beon to see Father O'Far rel about Conn. Brady's statement, and had almost reaohed Marranga, whon I was over, taken by tho priest himsolf, who had riddon after mo in con?equonoe of somo information ho had gainod that was of the greatest oonso quenco to mo. I need not toll you word for word what he said, tho whole of tho matter being comprised in the faot that Iko Lyman's Amerioan party havo sworn to lynch Dan Lyons, even if they had to drag him out of Marranga look-up to do it I" Pausing a moment to permit of a host of smothered exolamationa from his listeners, Charlie went on again. " You know suoh a thing would be mm to mc, and it would leave less blame on my shoulders if Iko Lyman had to take Dan Lyons himsolf .before he falls into our hands at all, for take him he will, living or dead. Ike was naver known togo baok on his word for good or evil. I did all I could. I turned back and rode to Bowden'B for tbo man who is stationed thero." "And brought him with you ?" " Yes, he is at my station now; but what would our three be against Ike Lyman and his American's 1" " You know that many of us would stand by you Charlie," Leonard said, as bo laid his hand affectionately on the young trooper's shoulder. " You would bo willing to do so I know my dear follow, but all of us would bo as feathers in th? way of these twelve determined men. I saw them once on tho war path, and I don't want to sco them again, though they only burned down a shanty at Ryder's—a shanty that deserved it too, for it had become the haunt of all sorts of immorality and rowdy ism." " Thia looks very'like our lost party com ing down tho road," observed Mr Pollard, " arid they're running—something is wrong Charlie." There was no time to say moro ere Loader, Tady, and little Daniel were upon them. The constable was pale with excitement, and so tired with his exertions that he could hardly gain breath to speak to Charlie. It waa the boy who oried in triumph. "Dan Lyons ia arrowed." " Speak it out Loader," Charlie Elli? urged, ?' though I guess what it is." " Wo took Dan Lyons up on Mount Roban, and I had no sooner lodged him in the look up, that Ike Lyman's vigilance party sur rounded thfc station." '? Didn't I tell you ? " Ellis asked cf Leonard with the calmness of despair. " Go on Loader." " Smith from Bowden's was there—ho told mo why you had gone for him, and Iko Lyman sent mc for you, Ellis. Ho want? to talk to you for a minute ho says." " They hava taken possession ot the station ? " questioned Mr Pollard. " Yes, and aro armed up to tho teeth. A finer looking body of chaps you never set eyes on, and'they'U lynch Dan Lyons as sure ns I see that moon." "Wo must do our best to save him" young Ellis said, " who is with mo in this ? " " All of us, of course. I am a magistrate— I havo a right to reason with these men against wrongdoing." " Do you call lynching Dan Lyons wrong doing I " cried young Daniel. "A murderer, a murderer like him 1 " "Daniel, my boy, don't let your iyoung voice bo heard in suoh a serious matter a3 this," Mr Pollard said to the lad. ," It is time for you to be in bed." ' ? '? If I had been in bed Dan Lyons would not have been in the lock-up," tho boy sulkily returned. " It was mc that showed Loader whero ho was hiding, and I hoped to take him 1" Daniel answered with pride. " Is that a fact ? " Conitablo Loader was asked. " An undoubted one, sir—wa should never hava dreamed of searching for the man where tho boy guided us." Mr. Pollard looked sadly at tho puzzled lad, but tho importance and necessity of im mediate action about Ike Lyman's bold step put poor Daniel's aff.iir in tho baok-grbund— only Tady murmured for the third time that day. " Thero's a fato'in it. God help the boy, there's a fata in it!" "I, at least, have no ohoioo," Charlie said, as he turned toward the polioe station- " It is my duty to try nnd save thia villain from any punishment that is not meted out to bim by the law of whioh I am a sworn servant, and I will do it if it is at tha risk of my lifo." " They will surely not proceed to extremi ties ir. tha face of a Justice of tho Peace," Mr. Pollard said. " Go on, Ellis, wo are with you." Tbey went on in silence, a band of six men, with the boy creeping after them, unnoticed for the moment save by Tady, who dropped baok to Daniel's Bide and vainly whispered an advice to return. " They can't prevent mc," Daniel said dog gedly, " and I'll see Dau Lyons hung in spite of them. Mr. Pollard thinks it dreadful that a boy liko mc should bo glad to soe a man die. Doos he forget that Dau Lyon killed Resignation's fatlwr and thou Resignation her self ? I should liko to see him torn in pieces by wild horses." ?' My poor boy, my poor boy," the sympa thetic Irishman whispered, and with his arm over Daniel's shoulder Tady followed the little band beforo them. Whon they reached "tho station the moon, now high on the left hand of the road, shone down on a peculiar scene, considering the time of night nnd the place. Twelve horses wero tied to the fence and either side of the police gate, six at one sido and six at another. Lithe men, tall and dark looking, and with a thin crape stretched across their faces, stood grimly awaiting tlmarrival of tho policemen, while distinctly thrown out in dark relief against the whito walls of the lock-up wore four other men on guard, and dressed ns were the others, simply in dark belted pacts, grey shirts, and dark felt hats. As Charlie Ellis advanced in front of this party his qttiok eyes glanaed from Ike Ly man's uncovered face to the revolvers in every belt around him. " You hava done n very neat job, Iko Ly map," Charlie said, " taken possession of the polioe camp and a prisoner of the Crown, to Bay nothing of turning a policeman out of the camp in tho middle of tho night." " We havo not turned the poor fellow out," Ike replied with a grim smilo, " wo only sent for you, for, on tho contrary, we are very anxious to have all tho constables in the sta tion to-night." " Where is Smith, from Bowden's? " Charlie asked. "The polioomnn you went for, Ellis? Oh, he is on guard over the prisoner in the look up." A low laugh rippled from one man tol tho other of tho grim band. " My friends, this is no laughing matter," reproved Mr. Pollard, as be stepped toward Ike Lyman : " you aro committing n gravo breach of the law. My name is Pollard ; I am a magistrate, and I would urgo you to go homo peacefully, and leave this unhappy man to bo dealt with by tho Briti?h law? ho has defied and outraged," "You know our object hero, then, Mr. Pollard?" "I have heard, with horror, that you have threatened to what is called ' lynch' the wretched being who has'been arrested for murder, and is now in that look-up," Mr. Pollard replied. "You have hoard tho truth; suoh is our intention. Now, sir, will you toll mc if you bolievo this Dan Lyons to bo an innocent man ?" "God holp him, uo I Thero can ba no doubt of his guilt. He has not denied it to Loai&r; here." "No; he has boasted of it. Ho buried Colonel St. Horriok alive twelve years ago out of revenge for a just act of tho Colonels, years previous to that. Now ho has como baok again in tho guise of a priest, and has killed Colonel St. Horriok's innocent child in, the most cold-blooded, cruel manner. Don't you think Dan Lyons deservos death ? " Yes, but not by your hands." "You think ho deserves it at the hands of the law? Well, sir, I nm glad you agree wthua; we are going to put lynohlaw in foroe on Marranga, and Judge Lynch has | sentenced Dan Lyon3 to die within the hour." " Try to realize that it will be Lyman Law if you do this deed," oried Mr, Pollard. " You are the loader of this lawless party, Ike Lyman, and the blood of this man will be at your door." " If it did I should know it to be a mark on tho right aids of the Big Ledger for mc; but you are mistaken, sir, we ara one and aU in this. I am only Ike Lyman of the American Vigilance Committee, and there are twelvo of us, nil told. Is this true, mates ?" " TuEttE are twelve of us 1" was the'reply from every throat, echoed by the men on guard at the lock-up ; and it was eohoed also by the desperate being inside, who heard every word that was spoken, and knew that his doom was sealed. " You hear," questioned Ike 'again, " there are twelve of us, good men and true, who are willing to share all the sin of taking a villain's lifo, beliaving.it to be a praiseworthy and just deed." ' " But thero is no necessity for you to have this wretches' blood 6a your hands," pleaded tho pitying J.P.; " he is now in the hands of the law, and bis doom is as certain as if you tako his life." "Is it. Your law is a queer institution, my good friend. Let mc see just what would ba likely to happen in thia fellow's case. There will be an inquest on that innocent creature who lies under the same roof with her dying mother, and Dan Lyons would be committed for trial. From lock-up to court house, from court-house to gaol—remand, postponement, loss of months. In all these there would ba a hundred opportunities of escape by bribery, by sympathy, evan by death—we will trust nose of it, our decision is made." " Will you let mc beg for time and meroy for this wretched, guilty man ?" asked Leonard Prosser, ?agerly. " I wonder if you oould find words, Mr. Prosser, for I know you have a Bister at homo about the age of this cruelly murdered girl." "For the love of God don't murder Dan Lyons this way," cried poor Tady. " You speak feelingly my good man ; do you beg bis lifo because he wears a priest's coat? Tady Connor, I know all about your feeling for him. You knew of this villain's blood-guiltines3 before any one did, and you would have hid it and let him go free. Stand baok, my man, the night is going, and our work ia before ub to do." _" Not while I stand hero to do my duty I" oried Ellis. " There ara only two of us, for it is not our friend's duty to die in defence of our prisoner. It is mine, however, and you will pass over my body to remove Dan Lyons from our custody." " Perhaps so, my good man, but it will, pleaae God, bo a living body," Ike coolly responded, as ho wrenched Charlie's ready revolver from his hand. How it happened the witnesses would have been puzzled to describe, for in a moment, as it were, Con stables Ellis and Loader were boing marched off to their own look-up under the guard of a detaohment of Ike's man. | " There is no harm intended you," Ike himself deolared ; " not a hair of your head [shall be harmed, only we will have our man, ] and wa will sec that no blame can possibly attach to you for what wa do thia night. Bring out tho prisoner." He was marched out between two men, his white face showing ghastly in the moonlight, his wild eyes staring in terrible fear upon the faoes of those around him. While the door, of tho look-up was open, Charlie Ellis and Loader wero pushed inside, and the heavy ironed door clanged upon them. You are better out of it," the Lymans said, " and we will release you the moment aU is over." Out of tho gate Dan Lyons was marobed, with the grip of a strong man on eaoh arm. His handcuffs were unlocked with a key taken from one of the constables, and his wrists fastened behind him with cords, but not until tho long blaolc coat had been taken from his back, as Ike cried angrily : " Tear it off him I We musn't let any man's religion be mooked or despised by the touch of a rope I" And Dan Lyons had said as yet no word. If he could have told ho might have said that the terrible words, " Thore aro twelve of us," wero repeating themselves over and over in his brain as he looked hopelessly around him. What could he do faoe to faoe with twelve men ? And whftt could the others do? Some words tho doctor and Mr. Pollard again urged, but they were ta_6_ no heed of, and every man, save thoso in charge of the pri soner, soon stood 'ready to mount by his horse's side. " Bring him here," Ike commanded again; " he rides on ray horso to-night, and Ike Ly man will hold his bridle." As Dan Lyons was passing to his place voiceless, he saw the boy Daniel crouching against tbe fenco, for tho reality of tho awful scene had at last told upon him, and ha felt how terrible a thing it was to die. It was a cruel murderer, no doubt, but it was awful awful to be dragged out in the night to dis, God knew how, at tho hands of those silent men whose faces wero hidden 1 Even, at that last moment ho remembered that even gentle Resignation would havo pitied him, though he had killed her, and beforo bo thought moro he was at Ike's side, pulling bim by tho arm, and almost shrieking in his agony of remorse— " You havo no'right I Let him go, let him go I " " Too lata my lad," sneered Dan Lyons, with a fiendish glare at the boy. " You have done your work well. Stop men, I must speak to thia youngster, and some of you know I havo tho right," " Lyons, if you never did one good deed nold your tongue now, " oried Mr. Pollard, with uplifted hand; " spare the boy for the sake of that meroy you ao sorely need your self." " He has spared mo," was tho bitter roply, as his eyes mot Daniol's, with a hato that j haunted him for years; " ho traoked his own mother's footsteps to lay tho polioa on mo, : and ho may now live, ourso him, with the | knowledge that he hunted his own father to death." Tho poor lad shrank baok as though he had received a blow, and would havo fallen if Tudy's arms had not caught him. His lips grew white, and he trembled aB he shrieked out, "It is a lio 1 " but Dun Lyons withered him yet with thoao .burning eyes as he re plied— " It ia no lio, you oub ; ask Mr. Pollard—he knows; ask your mother—she knows ; and may tho ourse " ho was gagged before another word oould pass his lips, and in a moment twelvo mon rodo down tho road with tho murderer in thoir midst. Daniel's whole frame oollapsed, and hia weight lay in Tody's arms as ho whi?pered faintly— " I hopo I am dying. His son 1 Oh, mother, mother, a murderer's son t" "Don't boliove him, Daniol doar," Tady Connor shouted bravely; he's no father of yours. Don't I know ? Wasn't I here long beforo you wor born? Ask Mr. Pollard thoro ; and whisper now, sure I didn't liko to say it boforo, but it's your father I am moself, asthoro I You won't bo ashamed of poor Tady Connor for a fathor, will you ? and we'll I go homo to Ireland, where you wiU never hoar of that sooundrol Dan Lyons again ;|and there now, he'a better," tho honest fellow said, as Daniel turned his face to the fence and burst into tears. " H you oan carry himaway in that belief, Tady, you will have done a good action, and saved a young life. To Buoh a boy as that, the knowledge that his father had been hung for suoh terrible murders would have ruined him." " Oh, I'll swear him into believin' it, and if I never take a worse oath, the Lord will for give mc for it, I know. Come on home -wid mc, Daniel, alanna."'-.. And so away into the shadow of the dis tance the murderer and his guards passed from the sight of the horrified watchers into the shadows of the distance, where could be traced in the'moonlight the dark entrance to Murder Gully. " They are going to hang him on the spot that witnessed his deeds of blood," wbi?pered Mr. Pollard in an awesfcrioken voioe. " And there is justice in it," added the doc tor, emphatically. Yes, they are going to exeoute the man on the claim in which he had buried one viotim alive, and within sight of the spot where bs had hidden another. The wretched murderer knew that, bb soon as he saw th) direction they were taking him in; but if he had not been gagged he could have Bpoken no word. For the faces of the dead were around him, and tha voices of the dead were in his ears. He saw Colonel St. Horriok as he had seen him last, and be heard his words as he had heard them then— " If you leave mc here to die, as you see my face now, you will see it at this hour every night until you die yourself, and your own death will be worse than mine—aye, a hun dred times." That was-what the murdered man had said to him—aye, what he waa Baying to him note, with his white face within a yard of his own I And they had oome true, every word 1 Colonel St. Herrick had been his companion every i night for twelve long years, and now he was there before bim to see him die 1 "And I'm glad of it 1" he shouted, as they I stood him on his feet and took the gag from his mouth. " Hang mc, and get it over 1 No hell can be worse than life surrounded by devils 1" " Man, try to realise the awful importance j of this moment," Iko Lyman said sternly. "By your own confessions you are guilty of the foulest bloodshed—ask your God for meroy now, while it is not yet too late." " Meroy to mc means Oblivion. I have asked it of Him so long in vain that I will not try now. Do your worst." " Abe, give us a prayer," Ike said again, and his brother lifted up bis voioe in a power ful appeal to tbe great First Cause for meroy on thi? doomed man. It was a scene to be reoalled, and that was recalled by many of the participators for years after. Twelve men with bowed bare heads and a pinioned one standing upright in their midst. The steep sides of the gully mottled with moonlit patches and black shadows. The claims with their piled-up Btuff and silent windlasses. The leafless trees on No. 1, and under one seared, gaunt, outstretched limb a coil of rope lying on the ground. A solemn pause after Abe Lyman'B prayer had arisen to heaven, and again his brother spoko. " Dan Lyons, won't you Bay ono prayer for yourself ?" " Not one," returned the monster; ask him to pray for mc," ond he pointed to tbe imaginary form of Colonel St. Horrick. " Then I oan only say for yon, may the Lord have meroy on your soul I Motes we aro one in this matter? If there is ono doubt that we do a jubi deed lot it be spoken," and the answer was— " There are twelve of us 1" Before the eohoea of tbe words had ceased to ring around among the rocks of Murder Gully the noose was around the doomed man's neck, tightened, and become a powor that drew him up among the dead limbs of the horrified trees upon which no leaves had grown for twelve years. In one dreadful moment he saw the blue, deep starry sky above whioh was the dweUing plaoo of bis offended God, the spot where he had laid the bloody form of the murdered child, and the face of Colonel St. Herriok before bis eyes to the last I Oh what a terrible death to face 1 Among those men who stood gaping in silence at that figure suspended a dark, struggling form between them and the pure sky, was there not more than one who wished that the deed had not been done though there were twelve of them. CHAPTER XIX. AND LAST. The scene has changed and the time. It is two years sinco Dan Lyons had met his doom at Marranga, and from the window before whioh Leonard Prosser is seated there is outspread broad Carlingford Bay, and the green slopes of the County Down. Leonard's face is but little changed—his calm and thoughtful nature is not one that leaves many traces on a handsome face, and Tady Connor's wrinkled, queer visage is from other causes setting defiance to the ravages of time. On the morning I reintroduce thesa two of my oharaotera to you Tady is standing on the opposite Bide of bis master's tablo, and they are talking over sundry affairs of the management of the Prosser estate that are in Connor's oharge. Suddenly Leonard obanged the subject. "Daniel's holidays are nearly over are they not Tady ?" "Yes air, time's up a Monday next. We war tbinkin' of axing you for an extension Mr. Leonard; tlsn't so long since ye war glad of a holiday yerself," Tady added, with a twinkle in his eyes fixed on his loater brother's countenance. Leonard smiled. "You have never re gretted fathering the lad Tady r " he asked. " Eegretted I Sure you're not axin' in earnest Mr. Leonard, for well you know I never did. Everytime that boy calls mc 'Father' mc heart jumps up in mc mouth, but truth to tell sir I don't think he believes 1 am that, though he never ses so. Any word from Australia since Mr. Leonard ? " " I had a letter this morning from Mr. Pollard—l was just going to tell you," " No word of the mother, Bir ? " " Tale or tiding of either Nan Griffiths or her daughter have never been heard of sinoe. Do you think Daniel frets about her ? " " Ha thinks of her I'm sure, Mr. Leonard, but fretting I don't know. You see that busi ness of her trying to save Dan Lyons he has never got over. But be will get over it, plaze God. I never saw anything like the way mc mother has taken to him, and, indeed, he to her. I deolare I believe she sometimes fanoiea ho is her rale grandson." " When aro you going to givo her a ' rale' one, Dan." " Novor, sir, with tbe help of God." " Now that Nora Brady is within a oounty of you " "Mr. Leonard," Tady interrupted, with suoh an expre??ion of pained reproof on his honest phiz that Leonard hastened to appease him. "You aro right, Tady; I ought to bo ashamed of myself, and of course I was only joking. But everyone does not know that the girl is sister to a murderer, and it is to' be oped that somo decent man may yet make her a wife. "I hear.that both Conn and the mother have become very devout," Tady aaid. ? " I am glad to hoar it. Charlie Ellis and Misa Clarke are married, Tady." " Are they Bir. Ob, by gob, he could well afford it. We did well in them three months' work, though the Lord knows it was like mur der to mc to como up out of the shaft and see that rope hanging there ever and always—l wonther if any one tuk it down yet ? " "I don't know, Tady; it was a hard olimb and no one liked to touch it. Well, Charlie has resigned, at all events, and thoy aro mar ried. Mr. Pollard nays that the gully is de serted once more, and that he feels sad for, a week after he visits the cemetery." " Indeed, and no wonther. Oh 1 it was the sad sight the day of Mrs. St. Herriek'fl and Resignation's funeral ? There they wor in on a grave, you may say all three murthered by that cruel villain." " And Dan Lyons within a stone's throw of them." , " Outside the fence though, sir j not in con secrated ground, anyway." > J* " Oh no, of course not, Tady." " Did you hear exactly where the Bradys are, Mr. Leonard ? " .. " Near Armagh. It seems that they camo home by the first ship after Conn'a most un expected recovery. It was a lesson to him," , and I am glad he is a changed man." "There was room for it, Mr. Leonard." " There is rooEi for improvement, in every ono of us, Tady. And now will you go and tell Daniel that I'm on for a morning's 'fish ing if ho likes to come with mc, and we will talk over that question of the extended holi days." "Oh, they're as good as granted,. Mr. Leonard; Daniel will ba so glad to go with you." " A minute more, Tady. I would not say anything to the boy about tha news from Australia; it might unsettle him." " Of course not, sir." " And there's one other item of news in Mr. Pollard's letter. It's quite in your line too, Tady, for you believe in ghosts, I know." _ "Dau Lyons has appeared 1" exolaimed Tady, making saucsrs of his rouud eyes. " Something like it. Several have declared that they have seen him hanging in the Gully where the Americans left him. It i 3 alway? an moonlight nights, of course; nnd , tho dead man swings round his rope, show ing his white face at all parts of lh? cumpaw. Now, you know, Mr. Pollard doe.-n't vouoh'b for the truth of this, Xadj, nor does he be lieve in it." " " There's plenty of men as wise as Mr, Pollard, though I've nothm' to say agin' tha, gintieman, t_at believes in the like,'.', said s 1 Tady, as he opened the duor for hia own exit,' " an' why wouldn't they ? Dot-tn't it BtMid t to raison that part of a lost sowl's punishment, r may be to see his sufferm's an' ma sins ovi* again on earth ?'' .-',"' THE END. 