THE STOOK EXOHANQB. to run Burton, op the 'oympie tuiss.' Slit, — The first financial statement, to gothor with tho report of tho oommittea, lor tho first yenr of the existence of tho Stook Exchango, appears, ho far na ono nt least of tho public can judge, an abortivo attempt to conieal some cloven foot,. Thn fnnSn bo lavishly absorbed, aro so reduced that only £375 is left to knook down out of tho biz introductory ohequo. *Tho Association is taporing down to rotronchmont point, it is true, but ns a mattor of fact, the tail muBt go with tho hide [tho fixed deposit] anyhow, nnd that seductive £375 will soon know its possessors no moro, and many will have cause to breathe, May it rest afc peace. Forewarned by tho approaoliing dissolution of tho merry little band of mining co-adventurere, armed with tha necessity of filling an empty treasury to repletion by putting hands into the pockets of (as Mr. Smyth is reported to have said) the jiff-raff of Gympie to save dear life, in now the swnmum bonum of nn institution that has surely revolutionised the system of dealing with mines, mining, and miners. What concerns the multitudes of working men most, in tho quality of tho revolution ising process. When an infant in armi, but a giant in nspiratioas, tho Exchango proudly boasted of establishing the con fidence of foreign investors in our mines, so as to make thom flourish us tho Codars of Lebanon. It cried aloud from the housetops, that it would trample under foot the Mary-street putter — brokers, deal ing in Gympie scrip at prices calculated to .bring ruin on the unwary, aud disgraca upon our fair fame and roputation; It disclosed to the riff-raff earning hard liv ings, by harder toil in tho bowels of our earth, that it would be to thom a protector, an adviser, and a friend. Adversity was to bo to them a fleeting vision, prosperity was to be a reality up to indulgence. If it in possible for me to repress a smile, while doiug so, I will endeavor to point - out in what form theBe objects have Deen attained. The increased confidence of foreign investors is recorded in the decrease of their numbers sinee the birth of the institution. _ Investors insanely appealed to U,_ believing it possessed the inspired magician's, power to inform them of aetual values. Interpreting tha word, I mean present and prospective gold within pro. portieo. They appealed to it to eet a fixity of value upon mines in whieh they were, or may bacome interested. The aotivo attendants at tho Stock Exchange may not have exactly resembled then tho Greeian Gods, who first mBdeJmeny nnd glad those they intended to devour. About twenty five ordinary attendants . at the ? calla have formed this high f*llutin tempi© dJ virtue. They meet with say, the unused power of bulls and the tenacity of boars relegated into their hands, vrhoroby any mine, or sharo in a mine, eonld be held up to the wide world at a price a thoueana per oent above its apparent valuo, or a thousand per cent below its roal value. I ^' speak advisedly, when I ask' the question, has it ever been done by the supremely excellent gentlemen who assemblo to tha jir.g of tho bell at (some say) tho physieing Bhop 1 Thoso who plant trees will live to uifci- ui uju iiuib muruoi — ii tney can. Jiow has the Exchange trampled under foot tha gutter brokers ? Why, by entering into a brotherly compact to work with them, and lead tho defenceless minor and investor, into their oharnied arena as a lamb is led to the slaughter. This is the modus oparandi by which the unwary have been snatched from ruin, and tho fair fame and reputation of Gympie mining upheld. How havo the subterranean toilora been affected 1 Thoy, and their families have endured tho agonies of penury in order to sustain tho payment of calh in progressive mines that would have in all probability risen in value long ago, and added to our gold productions, had they not been farmed with parential care by those holding the position to de preciate the probabilities of the poor man'a sucoess. An important per cone of our working men ure suffering the efEeota of adversity who would have been in affluent circumstance to-day had it not boon for the powerful prej tiding influenca (that black board oc horrors) arrayed against them. Brisbane investors were being1 robbod before we started the Es chango, say its promoters. I ask, have they not been robbed in the same accepta tion of the term since 1 Let the ghost of * * * * speak. I suffer from the halluci nation that the garden of Eden era, when Eve went for some of the good things in her time, has not boeri wiped ont entirely by the advent of our immaculate insti tution. I can tell you of manv. but will contont myself by naming a fow outsiders that were ' robbed,' and the ' gutter brokors' who robbed them. Chappie, Cuffe, nnd Kumph, sold 3000 shares in the Wilmot, for nbout £1 por 1000, to Costello, Widdop, and others, of Bris bane, whioh wero afterwards worth £15,000. Flynn, of Brisbane, got 1500 shares for paying tho calls. Ho sold thom to ftympio men for £6000. Hunter got 1900 shares in No. 7 L»dy Mary for £30 ; they paid £8000 in dlvi aeuo.3, aiiQ Ainenun nave it^uuo ensn ior them afterwards. The same gontlomon sold Crowns nnd 2 North Lady Murya in thoir golden days for a comparative Bon'. Ball refused £25,000 for hits leasohold (in Brisbane.) The Brinbn.no investors ro fuBod A. Pollock's offer to form a company for u mine that produced £24,000 tho first yoar of its existence. Adam Blaok nnd Bennett rofusod to sell LongTunnela in Brisbane for large amounts. I could go on onumsrnting, it neceoBsry, in proof of what I adduce. But sinoe the Exchaugo tho Brisbane nnd Maryborough investors havo had ai. innings at the mining wicket. They bought through thd Exchango modinm Harkins at £5, Lucknows 22s., Wilmota £4, Briatola 83\. ; Mounr. Plonsanls and Shoun 0'F.trrelln hnvo been quoted and sold at comparative ratos by tho Exchango phalanx, leaving a fow Gympio men with only tho sordid cash., mid the favored Brisbane investors with this valnnblo scrip, ?: at tho prices quoted j nnd I imiy hazirdthe . remark, a uiiira valuable mining exporionoo thrown in. Thin accounts for tho milk; in, the cucoanut— rinr desortod minos, our partial exomptiotiB, our army of unoia uloyed, our decreasing property values, our street tstillnnss, our Eluphuntino pro portion of Potty Dobt (Joint cues, our sale of mining plantR --E defunct companies, anct lastly, the cadaverous rook, and' tho ominous shuko of tho. hoidB ot thosa vrV- tool aoutoly ihi- p)ncs whoro tho bout pinoho?. All jxfoelaim in rtiou.?urail foot Bteps iho, cHi-ots of tho intri;»ufls of things oh 'Olyiugo. I mny aakt i« ihispromafcuru withering of prosper i.ty U- bo perpetuated bj; additional fund ohuapur muinbiirabiipv. atreii|-th.uning tho Stuck Exchango, oc will j'Qoplu turn their baoks upon ollaiis put* iorth to arid to the hmnilau'm of »«? indus try thut h.-ia bouomo a pitiful occupation, sc by-word, und reproach tu the induatrion& '' riaSriill'a' before allivlotl to. 1 am. Sir, y«uv obodiont norvn»t, . PJMH0IKA. 