NOTES OF THE WEEK. In pareaance of oar purpose to pnblieh a s ?ries of the very best stories by foremost authors in the aolumns of the Storyteller, we will next week commence the publication of a work o! exceptional merit by Wilkie Collins. " The Ghost's Touch " iB a tale of absorbing interest, and oar readers will, we are sore, pronounce that it is thoroughly worthy of the 4 prince of story tellers. " "The Ghost's Touch" will be followed by other stories of powerful infcereet by different authors of note, and the Storyteller in other respeots will maintain the lame it has won ai a hooeebold paper. The Secular Association of Australia is performing the feat of blowing soap bubbles, and considering itself Atlas. In tbe pro gramme of this small but aggreeaive association we find proposals to reform the marriage laws, to dispense with the Queen — and set up in her place a Republic — as if the British system is not Republican enough—to import Bradlaugb and Colonel ' 4 Bob " Iogersoll, and generally to make freethought 44 bum." This lively programme should commend itself to the Ioobo, the dissolute, and the ultra-free class that Southey in his essay on Byron and Malthas scathed as 41 the Satanic school." The Secular Convention is, however, only a very slight breeze in a very dirty mud-puddle, and we are probably doing ourselves a wrong to take notice evea to the extent wc have done of a gathering which cannot have much influence, even if backed by Bradlaugh and Ingersoll, upon the public opinion of the Christian communities of Australia. One of the most reasonable of tbe claims which have been urged upon the attentiou of Parliament and the puolio for ooesideration by the decentralisation party h that for affiliation of up-country schools of mines upon the University of Melbourne. The schools are the outcome of local patriotism — phi Government grants of greater or lo»»s extent yearly, snd have attained considerable efficiency. Tbey ba« proved themselves thoroughly sucocEefol in attracting students, and although lbs instruction conferred has not been of thfl dry-as-dust order, b«t has partaken rather of tbe pr&Qiio;&l; education which fit yoothe for wrestling with the world, the pupils of these provincial schools are likely to prove, sfmr ft" university coarse, the abler men in con sequence of their cultore at alma nxitff being preceded by a practical or ecientiGc education at a mining or technical eohoo). Practical schools affiliated with the university are -the need of other populous e-;rctrci? than Ballarat and S&ndharct; If it be true, as we hope it Is, that the dresses of the ladies at the recent race meetings were more modest and becomfog than in former years ; that there was a plainer, neater style, with less gorgeousness of attire than has been manifest et former gatherings, then thet® must be cause for social rejoiciog. Drapers and milliners may revolt at the potion of simplicity of attire, but ail pPh®" of good taste will rejoice to . find that the peacock costumes of former Cup days have been discarded in favour of simpler colours and gentler styles. What is the influence that is bringing about the change ? Is it th&tLaiy; Loch's Vice 'regal court is the home of simple good taste? If so, society will have reason to thank her for the lesson in good sense which she has afforded to those ladies who, without meaning ill, were inclined to mistake vulgarity and display for cultured taste, and the mysterious something which in aristocratic circles is termed style. Extra vagance had run to extremes at previous Cup meetings, until the millinery displays became the ridicule of those who had seen the spectacle of dress simplicity in older and wealthier lands, so that should a reform have set in in the direction of unostentatious, cheap, plain, yet tasteful dress, at the instance of Lady Loch, society will have much to thank her ladyship for, and addititional 44 reason " will be given for jubilation over the present vice-regal regime. The questions concerning colonisation in the Summer Wcb of Eden, lying Id deep purple spheres of sea in the South Pacific, where Byron located his " Island," and Tennyson made the Atlantis of his morbid hero ia " Locksley Hall," have in no way been settled. After the storm which Bismarck oreated concerning New Guinea and its surrounding islands, comes the calm indicated by a telegram from Europe to the effect that the New Guinea Colonising Company are not quite prepared to take up the burden of their projects for founding a South Sea Empire, and are desirous of securing a respite for a year. Either this, or the German Government is discouraging emigration for, at least, a year, as one cable message state, and -the former ia more likely to be the correct hypothesis concerning the situation. It is easy to erize Polynesian territory, and to bully other nations into acquiesoenoe in suoh seizure by means of big battalions, but it is hard to "colonise on the English plan " — the plan of individual adventure which gave England so much of her colonial territory. A year's postponement of German colonisation in New Guinea, should in this quick moving age, render the German claim to New Gninea almost as shadowy as that of the Spaniards to the Carolines, and of the Dutch to the eastern half of Papua. Meanwhile it is interesting to find that Britain is gradually, in accordance with her traditions, making her share of the island " a land of settled Government," and that the governor, and the warships at his command, are, ensuring order and respect. The question to which attention was first called n our columns — the diversion of the Murray River — is once -more attracting the earnest attention of the people on both sides of its banks. The Victorians are anxious to divert the stream for the irrigation of the tipper Murray lands, which are fertile and well ealoolarou so produce admirable returns if placed under cultivation, and New South Wales is equally desiroes of tapping the stream for the purpose of secaring the flow of the precious fluid down the Biliabong and Murrumbidgee in order to fertilise the splendid pastoral riverine country those streams traverse. But, in the meantime, the flood w&ters; of the stream come down the river, aud run to waste, and nothing is done to conserve them. To look the stream is an intelligent conception, and this haB long been urged upon the attention of the two Govern ments concerned, bat apparently without creating intelligent public opision on the subject. " The late Mr. Thomas Higinbotham (the Berulbjo Advertiser remarks) was of opinion that the irrigation of the lands on both sides of the river oculd be carried out without having to overcome any great engineering difficulties. Hie viewB, as given before the Biver Murray Commission in 1867, are worthy the attention of th ee interested in the question. He said there was nothing impracticable in locking such a river as the Murray. He pointed out that Buoh work had been successfully carried out iu the Severn, the floods in which are much more violent than in the Murray, the former having been known to rise 18ft. in five hours. As to width of stream, the weirs on the Severn are from 3U0ft. to 500ft. in length. The river Bideau, in Canada, has a weir which is half a mile in length, and the anniouts (weirs) of the Can very, Coleroon, Kistnah, Godavery, and other rivers in India are in some instances of even greater extent. The heaviness of the floods, hen, and the breadth of channel need not be deemed to be serious obstacles. The Biver Murray Cem: mission rspoitod that the Murray in many respects retembles the Indian rivers in their course through the alluvial plains of Madras and Beogal. lake them, it is subject to periodic rises. The increase in the volume of the waters of .the Murray is caused by the winter raioB, and by the melting of the snows during the early part of the summer, and consequently is gradual. The floods in the Indian rivers are caueed by the monsoon rains, whioh fall with great violence during two or three months. These floods, therefore, are sudden, and vast quantities of water come down with hut little warning, oanBing a rise of several feet in a few hours.' " It is «tear, therefore; that tbe meohauieal diffi-j oulties are not insuperable; The ©bitacles to +be performance of a great work are, however, seldom of a mechanical kind, jealousy and. apathy proving to be even more potent than the physical obstructions to a defined course. We have little dpubt that when the colonies can agree as to the ilookiDg and d iversion of the Murray , the engineering difficulties will vanish and never more be heard of. In our advertising columns will be found an advertisement of the Woolgrowers Association of Australasia, appealing to the public generally as well as those interested in paBtoral pursuits to assiBt with their subscriptions the objeots aimed at, viz., the opening up of new markets for our wool and other products, especially in Ghina, Japan, and British- India. But, as it waB stated in the first resolution passed at the general meeting, held at Bcott's hotel, its aim was that ell securing united action in all matters affecting the woolgrowing interests, it has been determined that a member's subscription of £1 Is. shall be aeked from all who may wish the association's objeots well. We have been informed that in many oases bales of wool have been offered ; in others,. a certain per-, centage of the wool from the shearing of the whole flock ; in others, a yearly subscription of so much money for so many years, so as to give the eeheme a fair trial. All these are estimable propositions, bat the committee have evidently, in their good pleasure, thought it inadvisable to dictate to their subscribers how they shall give, or what tbey shall give, as long as In some 'way the sup port of the public is obtained. The fact ihat all classes of the community in Austra lasia are more or less affected by the fall or rue in value of our staple product is pregnant ro all, for is not the merchant, the ship owner, the broker, and the tradesman each, individually and collectively, affected by the ravages of a drought, though, perhaps, in some cases, but indirectly? therefore, if the results of the labours of tbe commission which it is proposed to send to Chine, Japan, and BritiBh-India be successful, factories be started, and new and inexhaust ible markets be found for our wool, then the value most rise in proportion, and eaoh one become richer. Suoh being the oase, it is certainly the duty of all to add their quota to the general fund. An influential and sub stantial executive committee has been appoi- ted. The ommittee is one in whioh tbe public can have perfeot confidence. They may rely upon it that their money will be properly dealt with for the purposes aimed at, and as £1 Is. is the price of membership, it is within the power of all, though, perhaps, affected but slightly, to support so national an undertaking. Of course, to those actual y engaged in pastoral pursuits, we need not address remarks of this kind, as they must all be convinced that this is a move in the right direction. We shall certainly expect to hear of a prompt and substantia! support to tbe movement. The Factories and Shops Bill is progressing through the Legislative Chamber, and it should be the desire of everyone interested in the amelioration of the condition of the working classes that it may ultimately paes into law in as perfeot a form as possible. The measure needs alteration and improvement in detail, bat the general principle it lays down is sound ; indeed, the principle of shorter hours of labour has already been affirmed in this oolony by tbe adoption of the eight hours system, and the extension of such principle to employes in shops cannot be said to be a new departure iu the dixeotion of " grandmotherly legisla tion," aa one j mrnal superciliously term- it. Men and women who are not banded together for tbe purpose of obtaining the boon of eight hours labour unquestionably work far too long for their good— intel lectual and physical ; and if their hours can be shortened by legislation, such legislation should be hailed with satisfaction. We are glad to find that the working classes are alive to the situation, and both by publio meeting and petition are moviDg in support of the measure. The report of the Department of Industrial and Reformatory Schools has been laid before Parliament, and is air interesting document. The State has done much for the education of the young and their reclamation from vicious and evil associations, although much remains to be done before ths system of dealing with gutter children can be con sidered perfect. Iu theory, under the Education Act every child is supposed to be engaged at school, whereas experience is to the effect that a very large number of gutter waifs and street arabs are not under instruction in the State institutions. The truant officers do their best to compel thB children to attend, but there are insuperable objections to their appearance at school. Their dress is poor and ragged, their morals are tainted by association with ' sightB and sounds unholy," and physi cally tbey are unoiean and malodorous. To introduce the gamins of the street into tbe State schools is to apply a contaminating irfiuenoe to children reared under better moral influences, and parents naturally object to this. The Reformatory and Industrial Schools receive many of the orphaned and neglected, but they do not oontain a tenth of those whoneed instruction. .Th?- -?rJPxoei8>or Classes have to some exfeut filled up the hiatus, but the best suggestion 4hat is made is that special sehools should be started for tbe benefit of those who are not: fit to attend the regular schools in oonsequeooe of indecency of drees or morals. Either this or the State should make a much wider sweep with its net, and gather into existing Industrial Schools many ohilaren who at present are being trained in the hard school of vice and crime. One of the most satisfactory testimonies tbe report gives is that which refers to the suocess of the bo&rding.out; system. This has been a real blessing to a great many children, who bare found excellent homes and the most loving treatment at the hande of foster parents, and we may conclude, will, as a consequence, turn out to be hopesc and reputable citizens. II this system can be extended, it is advisable that, so far as possible, such extension should be carried out. His Lobdshzp the Bishop of Melbourne is facile yrinccps in theartB of rendering him self popular and of speech-making. Hie lordship attended the annual meeting of tbe Commercial Travellers' Association, and the neat speech he made on the occasion was received with the most deafening applause. The secret of tbe kindly greeting from tbe genial " drummers " was probably that he made himself entirely " at home," and entered ioto the spirit of their occupation, depicting himself as a fellow-traveller carrying commodities for the souls of up-country folks, whilst his boats were go gaged carrying commodities for their bodies. He acknowledged the many kindneeees he received from commercials on his travels, and, in return, gave advice whioh possibly may not have altogether fallen on " stony ground." " A bishop might keep straight, but then tbe publio expected it of him. He was watched by the Argus eye of public opinion. But if a commercial traveller should actually exceed public expectation, and be better than people looked for, then he would have more influence with tbe public. (Applause.) He thought be ought to write Q.E.D. at the end of that demonstration. (Laughter.) They could depend upon it that example was a great deal better than precept. If they (the travellers) tried to put before the people an example of truthful, unselfish i restraint, there would be no need for goody- goody talk, (Applause.) He believet they would be the missionaries, of civilisation, and better even than tbe Phoenicians were in the ancient world He oould only say that tie heartily wished tbem prosperity, and endorsed the opinion- just expressed, that as they represented the greatest firms in tbe colony, upon their integrity and high moral qualities a great I deal of the moral tone of the distant town ships of the colony depended." These are wise wordB gracefully spoken and as warmly received, and add fresh "laurels" to the wreath whioh the Bishop wears as a timely and agreeable orator. 