Bv StGIMA. * I i " Tiriauw aro i!ow roads loading to t|w T ■Vamo more arduous, more orookd, mid breaking than tho path wliloh tho profc.^, lias to. troad, and yot, wore I bo^nnlng inv " stead ol being noarly at tho ond of It, [ no othov.M So MpoUo Miwrowlyat tlio wiwwm .tlio. Thoatrloftl Press ih\ml thirty yoaw »!,, ^ w.orc'ta find an ooho In tho heart of nmnyft to-day, J!or arduous, erookud, and hoavtl,veak|n''tv tho road may bolt ends In a goal which jitovi-h^ iooomponso for all tho toll oE tho tmvollcr, n'n v how many aspirants aftor hlstrlonlo famc,w||(J" with youthful enthusiasm atid hl«h hopus,fal,.tT. blooding foot ovo tho goal Is luvlf touched'mil-. tho waysldo, 'Mid tho groat army of men an,| who J!rot and strut tholr Uttlo hour upon the,i,,5 Iridood llvo to carry tho Marshall's Imtou. The Hlo, moro than any othor, Is a lottery In wfej'i prizos boar but a small proportion to tlielbb, I KNOW of no blographlos which afford morctv, talnlug reading than thoso of nctow nn<l afc Thoro Is a spice of Bohomlanlam lu tliu besto( u»tl It la to this weakness—IE Indeed It bun wente\x=req-\ our natures that tho rapid transitions from atUuonao, tlio gtoams oO sunshine and the cbi gloom, wliloh mark tho stroller's life, appeal. I awaro that tlmos have altered 110»•, ami tint 1! appoaranoo on tlio London stage Is t\o lurojeitt tlonal upon weary apprenticeship In the proving I cannot forgot that Edmund Kenn doubled IK tho First and Harlequin at Bolton, nml that St?, Komblo once playod Corlolanus in n barnn;a:I Our own G oorgo Itlgnold has told us there mi: whon ho was forood to alternate playing tlicftrj tho orchostra with playing minor parts on lb', and thoro Is moro than ono actor, now occ»|>yiiin: minont position in tho colonies, who couW i& somewhat similar oxporlonce. It would nppoi\x=req-\ thoro Is a royal road to omlnoncoforthe presentp tion o£ actors, but tlioy are more fortunate in tut poot than tholr prodoeessors. The name of Richardson is nothing more nwj ft ghost of old memories, and the fume of Vsj Orummlos lives but In tbo immortal pugta ul CsJ Dickons, Their modorn prototypes nrc genital wear fine llnon and sport gorgeous jewellery,Mil would turn up their aquiline noses at the Ive i;j playing In a booth, let alono n bain. WlicttaJ present system of training produces more c3;J artists than the old one is a question open to«®f bio discussion, So much by the way of introduction, ami I now proceod to say something of strolling I# Australia. A moro shiftless, uncorttfin, and aifc?| uncomfortable existence than these people impossible to imagine, During the greater pit1'] year they are to be found hanging round tte Mail corner in Melbourne, or Eastivny's in tho remainder thoy are travelling with =mll! ii,,| 'the interior, " Too far to walk back," tclc?nif'fll friend Jim South once from liockhami'ton, oj ponse to an invitation to play a short season in i Tower, and his reply was meroly n sarcastic P-J what many a poor devil has found to hong"®^ i X was acquainted with one actor who was comf--t play the " walking gontloroan " in rent earnestj different occasions during tho present J'c,u 1 J quenee of tho sudden financial collap^o of l"*3 I regret to stato that sudden financial c0"ll'wsj| peripatetic managors are only too cow"WI1> the legend " Theatrical posters and adverti* be paid for in advance," which oncscto disjjlayed in some country nowspapcr °"11^ tlie verbal announcement of sundry bitter e. 1 * * It *' fj]£ The greatest pecuniary sufferer manager, however, is tho confiding Pr0 J keeper, for actors as a rule nro ft j0,J hungry set of mortirls, and their Hbcni their orders is only equalled by their na , tfntoi'tunatoly too, a number of ifc-ta-»"«*•« ai>tu«.bta» m holMivorsion of " professionals," unci bo Llvuiit imumgovs havo Co suitor for tlio sins {nlM to Uio olmrgo of tholr loss .forfcunato, " t romcmhoi'houio yoars ago while living In X s(roool vod a lotto' from an old thou, tall' requesting mo to engage rooms for his cotiHlsHiiSof somo ilftoon ladles and gontlo" linuw thut' my friend wis poi'footly ablo and; 'jodNoliiu'ffo uny debts that ho might Incur, and; iNttuil no dllllculty lu performing tho trilling |IL, imcl iiakoci of mo, Hut 1 hacl roakonod ,ny hud of mthor six hosts, i'or thoro wot'o six n tho township, and not ono of thorn would doors to " pliiy-uottu'H " at any prloo, .It was i talk ulioiit payment or guamntoo In advanoo lords positively refused to on tor Into any no go' wluitcvor, ivticl rated mo lu good round Into tho 'for Imvlnganything to do with suoli "soum," li'iiurlo term tlioy usod to describe all and lonnuctod with tho stage, AC tor tho oxerolso oil hi of .//«<« and all tho porsuaslvo powora of mn possessed, I did manage at last to Induce prlutow of a private boarding houso to provide fewy accommodation, but It was a sacrifice altar of friendship, which I am not likely to iln, On another occasion I accompanied Mr, l!ii»lit> the well-known journalist and looturor,, jnml, for the purpose of Introducing him to some jewling residents, mid among othors I made him . ted with a hotclkoopor at whoso house'I had Eciutoiuud to put up for years, You can judgo 'cclliiffs when ho accosted Mr, Dright lu theso "Oli, youaro ono of those blank play-actors my blank tucker, drinks my blank grog, and wort' without paying your blank sooros, are iVull you don't stay lu my blank house, blank do." This truculent landlord,'Avho rejoloed toe m,briquet of "Dirty Brown," tintf Was tlie champion blnsphotnor of tho Hunter Dls\x=req-\ long since been gathered to his fathers, but |tntely expressod tho sontlmonts. of quito n, of country publicans who are still alive and recently a travelling dramatic; company in tho lwrtli-wust of Victoria, upon arriving in a littlo, ipAip, found to thotr consternation that the available for tho performance was ft loft ;uUe. By dint o£ oonalclorablo labor, and not a gcuuity, an impromptu stage was crectcd, and a tcmiieraucQ draxna, with a blood-curdling «(, wns played to tho iiovol accompaniment neighing and clanking their iron shod hoofs One o£ tho funniest oimtrvtumyx—though it itmiimted in a fatal accident—I over saw in a pcvforaiaucc, occurred while a travelling oom\x=req-\ ne playing in Singleton, N.S.W. The play w a green " Black-oyod Susan," and tho aation without a hitch until tho last act, when Wil\x=req-\ toout to pay the last penalty of tho law, as. pro\x=req-\ by tho court-martial for striking his superior ropa hung from tho yard arm, tho nooso lAhis neck, and tho cxcitomont of tho audioneo highest, when Oaptain Orosstroos rushed on( 10 reprieve over his head, and shouted out,' j®in is hanged ho is a murdorod man," or words eflect. And hanged William very nearly waa fttrneat, for just as Captain Orosstroos arrived: the cask upon which ho was standing, and; rtbuen made to do duty as a drop, gave way i p not been for tho roadiness of tho prompter, the tightened ropes with his knife, ono more ''lc ttoukl have boon added to tho tragior.l his\x=req-\ ^sUgc. l'ho most ludicrous part of tho affair >e nanow eseapc of William was a logitimato ,.lC llc^E°i'manQc, and gave him ono of tho Ca,"s 0V01' Set in his life. Poot dovil, ho w the fnco f01, a afterwards, and to ws never looked at a cask or a ropo without la w i'RCtWS ^Te not uaually overburdened with lessinc!!^8' atra,ifcs to which ithey are leteomehv^r^'101'Whi°h thoy are .oa3t> 0B^' | 6 niost ingenious devices. About bho moHfcftaoful " prop " a abrollor aim havo Ih a aoldlar's ml ooat, unci Ik la raally aabonlshlng how many oluvngiw fcho aooompllshod " fnkorM can I'lng with bhla almplo dlagulao, And ivi'Loi* all, wlicm ono romombura how iDavid Garrlok played Hamlob in llio uniform of an Mnglish ofllaor of fcho olghfcoortbh oonbury, lb la easy to bvorlook atty llbtlo aartorlal anaohroulama of this kind. I would juafc glvo ono bib of advloo bo young aotora who aooopfc an, ongagomottb In a bravolllng company for blio jlrsb blmo—novor load your wardroba utidor any olroum\x=req-\ skanoos whabovoi'i for if you do you will.flncl lb woofully dojoobod ab fcho ond of your bour. ilOvon bho mighty illgnotd oomplalnod nob long ago that ho had lost tho l'oal oonviofc druaa which ho woro In " In bho llanka " by iond'ltig lfc j and if bho gonot'oalfcy of influential maua\x=req-\ gora Is thus roqultod, humblo u bill by mon can oxpoob nothing bofctor, Tho oxporlonooa of aotno of my thoab\x=req-\ l'lcal aaqualrtfcanoos In bho way of loalng aluipoa, squaro\x=req-\ oufcs, Dunklrka, and wlga aro porfoutly harrowing, and should provo a warning to all tyros in tho dramatlo art, And how lb will bo sulci bluib my remarks upon strolling players iu Australia are too severe, i£ nob absolutely spitoful. At all events they are truo, aticl my sovorlty Is that o£ bho surgeon's knife, which Infllots pain only to savo a limb, There Is a splendid Hold In thosa oolonlos for tho oapablo and sobor actor, and bho ory which wo sometimes hoar oE ojlonlal talent gobbing no show from metropolitan managers is otitlroly without foundation. To give just ono illustration : Not many months ago two promising young Australian aotors wore ongaged at good salaries to play prominont parts In sup\x=req-\ porb of ono of tho most talented and glftod arblsbos who has evar crossed tho cquabor, This lady made it a stringent condition with tho managei'3 under whoso auspices she was playing that no actor should " go on " during the term of her engagement whilo under tho Influence of drink, and sho added that she was compelled to make this stipulation in consoquonoo of having hoard so much of tho intomporanco of sotno oolonial actors. Those two young men wore made acquainted with the terms of tho star's agreement, and promised faithfully to comply with them so far as they wore .concerned, and this is how they fulfilled their contract. ■ One of them made his appearance at tho theatro on the first night of his engagement in an advanoed state of intoxication, and the other, after playing for three nights in an exemplary state of sobriety, was so drunk on tho fourth that a substitute had to bs found for him at the very last moment. "Talk.of colonial acbors after that," said Mr. Harwood, as he was telling mo the story, " Is it any wonder that wo do not give them a show? " It is in tho interests of our honorable and noble profession—a profession which has beon and is adorned by many men and women who would rofloct aredit upon any calling—that I write thus severely. Tho. time is happily past when actors in Australia could afford to sot the ordinary usages of decent society at doflanoe, and if Englishmen obtain luorative engagements while colonials remain unemployed and out at olbows, thoy have no one but themselves to blame for it. Thoy fail for no lack of talent, but simply beoauso thoy refuse to be bound by those canons of good be\x=req-\ haviour which must bo observed to ensuro success in any walk of life whatsoovor. As for the strolling managers who drag the profession through tho miro by failing to pay their lawful obligations, there are no terms of censure too sevore for them. Thoy must be made to under stand that thoy oan plead no special exemption from tho social laws which govern other citizons, and tho sooner they arrive at this knowledge the bettor'it will bo for thomsolves and the profession they disgrace. Madamjc Jtrma'S tour in tho United Statos is a failure, Society " ladies did not vonturo at Now York to see her run the gamut of her indelicacios, which kopt away other ladies wishing to bo placed in the'upper social strata. At Boston, gentlemen of the best ■ standing wore not the ones who went to learn from her the sort of impurities, which their Puritan ancestors left England to avoid. Shflj however, is admitted to have a natural manner and as innocent an air as may be in a woman of matronly figure, when she sings indelicate songs. Those listeners who don't know French are not aware of her naughtiness. There is a possibility that her Barnum will make a bettor harvest in. Louisiana and in Spanish-America. 