[?] Quarrel and no Reconciliation, Calm was the night in that still autumn weather And calmer still and colder were tbe twain Who, parting then, might yet have kept together If pride had not been stronger even than pain. There were no bitter tears, no sighs of sorrow, No sad reproaches uttered at the end ; And should they meet, years hence or on the morrow, 'Twill be with courteous ease, as friend meets friend, Oh ! mocking words for those who once loved madly, Henceforth to be mere friends, not less, not more ; Deep in each heart a death-knell sounding sadly For love, deemed deathless, in glad days of yore. Not more than friends ; the voices must not falter, Lest broken tones betray a vain regret; And on the lips the forced smile muBt not alter To show how, 'neath that mask, grief's lines are eet. Let them take heed, lest any word be spoken To rouse some ghost from out the buried past ; Though the dear ties that bound them once are broken, A strange spell lingers yot and holds them fast. Not less than friends ; but ah ! the friendship offered Seems of such little worth, now love is done: 'Tis hard to take the hand thus coldly proffered And feel the tender, thrilling touch has gone. PHOMEISTADE COSTUMES. Fig. 1. — Skirt in dark green vicuna, made with a deep bouillonnfi and drapery. Mantelet visite in ottoman brocbl, trimmed with beaded galoon and fur bordering. Fig. 2. — Girl of four.— Costume in gray cloth, with d?rk red plush cuffs, collar, and band. WALKING- COSTUME IN GRAY. Gray cashmere and velvet skirt, jacket in gray frisfi velvet on ottoman 6ilk ground. The sccordion-kilted skirt has a pointed tabller, bordered with velvet; the 6ides are platted, and the back is square. The dolman jacket ia trimmed with chinchilla fur, the same forming a pointed collar at the back. Gone with the day, when just one word was needed Those heavy clouds of pride and doubt to lift ; But all in vain love's dying voice bad pleaded ; Now far apart each lonely life must drift. And she will never know at their next meeting How hard he fought an outward calm to gain ; Nor will he see, beneath the friendly greeting, How her true heart still yearns to him through pain. —Belgravia. 