The Leavenworth Case. BOOK II AJLA.—/ Continued. J Mr. Clavering rose, looked at me with aome earnestness, and finally asked in a tone, which, though some what'changed, lacked nothing of its formeij euavitj, if I would be land enough to give*liua- in writing that portion of my-opinion which bore upon the legality of the marriage. that such a jpaper .^rould go far toward satisfying his friend' that his case had been properly jjreeented, as he was aware that no respectable lawyer pjg" nt fini hafng|cardhi% aici' s| ^co^fconftbj® tKgio ofthe law bearin^ponthe facts _ , .Jfio^MonaUii* .tingly Igm^Iied with it, and ii^nded,him the^ Minion. He4ook it, after reading U^oartfully over, deiibarately ^copied r it into his memoran •dum-book! "Thiffdqne, he turned toward Mi ^|tof>ng 3f*wlfifb tiffierto subdued ^^tumjBhonng. uaelf in his countenance. " Now, -sir," said her rising upon me to thefull he " "^Ehave but that is, that -opinion ii^o in die day.you think to lead a.beautiful woman^othe altar(.pauBe andaskyour-, self: * Am I sore that the hand J clasp witb such imparaioned fervour is free ? Rave Zany oertaintyfor knowning thatit bas not .alreadjr been. giyen away lUrd that of uie la4y whom, in this opinion of aiiQ^'I.bate:deciai«d to be a weddedi -wife aocarding to the laws ..of- my: tsounbyf' " Mr. Clavering!" • Btrt |ie, ^ith, an, urbane bow, laid Job hand npop Ae knob of the door, thank . yaii Jfor^your , oourtesy, Mr. /andl Di^ ^rou eood-day. I wiQ 'haveiib need oif consulting thatpopaKbiafrte I see you agtun. 1 ' And wi^aqstter bo; " wa^th^iM iriialnhock I had yet y experienced, and for T a moment I stood paralysed.'* Me! lne! why should he tnix mS' -up'.with Ihe "affair unless—but ea&ore; married , and to this man ? r No, no, anything but that; and yet I found myself continually turning the supporition^m^ -ip my mind until, to enajie^spimt of my own conjeoturee, r^^^^my hat .and rushed into' the stJSjl ufjthe hope of -finding him again and escorting from him an explanationTof hislmysterioua conduct But by the timo l reached the sidewalk he . was nowhei«'to be seen. A thousand busy men with their various cares and purpoaes had pushed themselves between ns, and I was obliged to return to myoffioe with my doubts unsolved. I think, I never experienced a longer day; but it passed, and at five o'clock I had"the satisfaction of enquiring for lb. C^vering at the Hoffman House. Judge. pf my surprise whan I learned that hns visit to my offioe was bis lairt actum befor^ taking passage upon the steamer leaving'tE^at aay.for Liveip06l; that be wis ^i6w on .t^ebigb seas anil all flhanoe of another interview with him was at an end. -'; I oould aearody believe the fact;at fint, but after a talk with the cabman wbo had driven him to my office and thbnce to the Bteamer, Ibecame convinced. My first feeling was one of ahame: I had be«i brought face to face with an accused man, had received'an intimation from him that he was not expecting to eee me again for some time,.and bad weekly gone on attending to my'ovm and allowed him to eecape, like the simple tyro that I was; my ncoct, the neoeeaitj of noti- : fying Mr.Qiyce oHbia man's depature. Butltwas no* six/o'clock, the hour est XX. " Tbuemak ! TRTTKMA v i TBUEMAN !" " r ' «®endoUiesp»ri» IS great avabts stride (m before the event* And in to-day already walks to-morrow.' Instantly a great dread seized me, What revelations might not this man be oing to make! But I subdued the and greeliug lnm with what I eonld, setoed myBelf to listen t6 his ej^lanations. , ? ButTSrdejuanHai^iBBhi^noe: nons t6 give, it seemed; onth6Contrary, he.bad apologise for the very violent words he had used the evening before words which, whatever their effect may have been upon me^ he jww'jelt Sopi 1 to declare had been' uefed withoufc^ufBcient basis in fact to make their utterance of the least importance^ " But," cried I, " you must have thought you had grounds for treacherous an accusation, or your act was that of a madman." , His brow wrinkled h^kVily and his eyes assumed a very gloomy expression. "It does not followl"" returned hie. " Under the pressure of surprise, X have known men utter, -convictions no bettor founded than mine, without running the risk of being called mad." " Surprise ? Mr. Clavering'B face or form must, then, have been known to you. The mere fact of seeing a strange gentleman in the hall wouldliaye been insufficient to cause you astonishment Mr. Harwell." He uneasily fingered the back of the chair before which be stood,'but made no reply. " Sit down," I again urged, this time with a touch of command in."tty ttace. "This is a serious tmianr; T deal with itasit^leseiirea Tpu baTe said before, that' if ytm haew anyflffig which might serve to exonerate Eleanor e Leavenworth from the suspicion under which she stands, you would be ready to impart it." " I said," he interrupted coldly," that iff had known of anything which serve to release her from iter position I should have " Do not quibble," I returned, " Ton do know something, Mr. Harwell, and I ask you in the name of justice to tell me what It ia." "You are mistaken," he returned doggedly; "I know.nothing. , I have reasons, perhapB, for thinking' certain things, but my confidence will notallow me in cold blood to give utterance to suspicions which may not only damage the reputation of an honest man but place me in the unpleasant position of an accuser williont substantial founda tion for my accusations/ You are there already," I retorted equal coldness. J*"' NoT^lSg a me forget thafcnn myrpresef yaa ttave denounced 'fiewy' Clavering as themurdfMKdf Mr. Leavenworth. YcBitad lietterlBsplain yourself, Mr. He gave me a short look but moved ftround^&id; f?<>b I^du h^ve me r at a disadvantage,'* he said in a lighter tone. "If you choose, to profit i^ion. and. press ^ne to distft nSceesity uMer wfech l I li^ Und ^eak/fi , . '^Then you are deterred by ooncienfc' ibu8acraples alone ?' . ,," Yee, andi>y the ineagreness of the fae|s ;at tpy cmnmand." "I will judge of the facts when I have heard them." He raised his eyes to mine, and I was astonidied to observe A strange eageinees ia their depths^ eyiden&r; biB'connctions' were"8trirager^tban.his Mrt Baymond," be ib^hn, you are a lawyer and undoubtedly a ractioalsnan, bat-yon mk^ know 'what .as to scent dagger before yo^ ^eeit^ feel influences in the air working-ova and about ^rou, and yet be in ignorance of .what it is that effects you to powerfolly, till chance reveals that an enemy has been at your : side,'bra friend passM your windoy^, or the shadow ai death erased your book as you' read, or mingledwithyonr br^haa^uslept ?" intelsit^of^iii uhn-BonA smrt of jresponse. , f'.Then you cannot understand me or what'-I have stiffered these last three weeks," And'he drew baek witb an ¥cy reserve that seemed to promise but little to my now thoroughly awakened —-osity. ' I beg yourpardon^-l fcastened to ' but the fact of my never having ienced suoh sensations.' does not hinder me froiA Ox>Qip|el^ndii|t the; emotions of l&o;^ Effect by^* spiritual influences than myself." M He, drew. himself. slowly ' forward. Then you will not ridicule me if I say, that ppon the eve of Mr. Leavenworth's murder I experienced in a dream all that afterward occurred; saw him murdered, saw " and he clasped his bands before him in an attitude inexpressibly convincing, while his voice s&nk; to a iiorrified whisper, " saw the face of Ids murderer!" ,1 started, looked at him in amazemont, a thiillflSjit 1h« touch of ai ghost —inning through me. " And was that—" I began. " My reai«m,far denounanf the nian Mheld betoiB'me, in thB buI of Miss Leavenworth's . feme last flight? It was.*' And .taking'out hi/jjandker* chief, he wipai his fmrehead, on which the perspiration was standing m large drops. " You would, then, intimate that the febeyou saw in your dream and thB face you saw in the hall laat night were the samp?" He gravely nodded his httd. I draw; my chair nearer .to his. " Tell me your- dream," eaidX " WeU,?' r^Jied he, in a low, awestruck tana, ft was the ai^it before' Mr. Leavenworth's mardar. X had gone. to bed fading especial^ enptaiifaJ ' myself ud the vmd at urge, for though the' darkness which the moment had appeared to me as the abode of peace, drilled to the sound of a supernatural Vary, and X heard my name, ' Trueman, Trueman, Trueman,' repeated three times in a "voice X did not recognise, and starting from my pillow beheldatmy bedside a woman.- Her face was strange to me,"be went.on solemnly, " but I can give you each and every detail of it, and.bending above me, she stared into my. eyes with a growing -terror that seemed to implore help, though her lips were quiet and only the memory of that cry echoed in my ears." " Describe the face," I interposed. "Jt w«s, a round,-fair,-lady's face. Very lovely inl/bonfeoir, nut |evoid of 'coloring; not * b&auuful;, b'ut winning from its childlike-look of trust. The hair,handed up theiow, broad forehead, was brown ; die eyes, which were very apart, grey; the mouth, which was its most charming feature, delicate to make andL veiy, expreasiye. .There, was a dimple in'the win, Tbut none in the cheeks. Xt^as a-face , to be remembered.^ '-V-V >.'.- " Go on,,* mid I. - \- Meeting the gaze of those imploring eyes, - X started ;)ip.. Instantly the face au d .all vanished, and I became conscious, ss we do sometimes in dreams, of acertain movement in the hall below, and tite&exttnstairttbe;|;lidingfigureofa man of imposing vtze entered die library. X remember experiencing, a certain thrill at this, half terror, half curiosity, though I seemed to know as if by intuition What 'he was going to do. Strange to say, £ now seemed to change my personality, and to be no longer a third these proceedings, but ...... . eittinjf-at his library table and feelfnghia jdnomtaawling upon him without capacity for speech or power of movement to avert it. Though my back was toward the man, I could feel his stealthy form traverse the passage, enter the room beyond, para to timtgtgml^giw&Jhe; jputol was, try the drawer/find it locked, turned the key, procure the pistol, weigh it in an accustomed hwd, and advance again, I oould feel'aacb iootetep he took, as though his feet were in truth upon my heart andi remember staring at tnetable before me, ad iflexpected every moment to see it run with my own blood. I can eee now Jhow the letters I had been writing danced upon the table before me, appearing to my eyea to take th6 'phantom shapes of persons and things long ago - forgotteti as I bad thought; crowding my last moments with regrets and dead shames, wild longings and unspeakable agonies, through all of which that face, the face of my former dreagn, jpingled,^^ sweet, and searching^ while closer aud closer behind 'ine {.""crept Zthat noiselns k foot tili r could feel "the glaring of the assassin's eyes across the narrow threshold separating me from death, and hear the click of his teeth as he set his lips for the final act Ah," and the secretaiy's livid face showB the touch of awful homtr,." wlut wordscan describe such an experienoe' as ^ that! In one moment aliflthe agonies of hell in the heart and brain, the next a blank through which I seemed to see afar, and as if stiddenly fcemoved from all this, a crouching figure looking at its work with starmg py es and pallid back-dawn lips,' and seeing/ recognise no face that I had ever known, but one so handsome, so remarkable, so unique in its formation and character,-that it would be easy for me to inistake the countenance pf my father, as the look and, figure of ' S J S ^ S i £ failed to recogtuseas my own. St e ? a \ ' XXL ; A'PEETODICK "True I talk of dreams, •;.• Which are the tihildran of ao idle brain Begot of nothing but vain phantasy." —Boiro asd Jcxm. For me moment I sat a prey to superstitious horror, then my natural incredulity asserting itself, I looked up and remarked: ." You say that all tills took place the rught previous to that of the actual occurrence ?" He bp) IwajL^ijFor a warnhue,*'tar' -But ' 'not seem to take it as anbj IT eous i way fill I iooKea next day upon r. Leavenworth's dead body." «F<do: nci ; wbad«ir.<yta behanfl tangely fit the inquest; I should have thought you would." Ah, air," returned he with a slow, sad smile, " no one knows what I have suffa«d in my endeavours not to tell mora tbanlactually knew, irrespective of my dream, , of this murder and the manner of its accomplishment." "You believe, then;"said I, "that yonr dream foreshadowed the manner of thfl jTiutdar as wdl as tins &ctf;" . . "I do." " "It isa pity it did not go a Utile further,then, and^ell ushow the asaif not howbe enter- . , the. Leafm- . - . His face flushed. " That would have been-convenient," he said: "also if I had been l^fonned where TTninah was, and why a strange and a gentleman should have stooped toihe m * ^ ! of crime." . Semng that he washetQed, Xdropped my bantoing rran. " Why do yon aay a stranger?" I askedan ytm so weU mquaintfid wilball who vint titat( bouse as to be able to say wto are who ire not' strangers ^o tiia i am wdl acquainted witii the face* of their friends, MR.'Baymond, and not amongft the with Mr. Leavsn- " when he ha* in the country, for instan'ee, or upon his travels ?" " No," the secretary returned constrainedly. " Yet I suppose he was in the habit' of absenting himself from home ?" '< Can-you toll ms where he was list' July. Wand the ladies ?" " Yea, sir; "they went to It f if * you mean that; spent some time there. The famous watering-place, yon know. Ah," be cried, seeing a change in my fate, " do you think he could have met tbkn there?" I looked at him for a moment, theorising in my turn stood level with himi and exclaimed:- 1 ' You are keeping something back, Mr. Harwell; you have, more knowledge of thifi man than you have hitherto .given me to 'Understand. What is it?' He seemed astonished at my penetration. but he replied, "I know no more of the man than Ihave already informed you, but—" and a burning flush crossed bis face—"if you are determined topursne this matter^—" and he paused: with an enquiring Took. "Iam rasblvedte£ndotit,*IlX cui - about Hairy Clavering," I returned, ; He lifted his head witb a quick gesture^ " Then,"wdd he," I can tell yoq this much. Henry Clavering wrote - a letter to Mr. Leaven^orth a few d&yg; before fiie inurder,. that I have some reason to believe produced a mwrlmrt effect upon the household." And folding bis arms, the secretary stood quietly waiting tot my next question. " How.do you know ?" asked I. • - . "I opened it by.miatake. I was in the habit of reading Mr. Leavenworth's business letters, and this being from one unaccustomed to .write to him, lacked the mark which usually distinguished those of a private nature." "And yoii'Bawthe name of CSaver- ingr I did; HenryEitchie Clavering.". "Did you read the letter?" I was trembling 1 now. The -seCTetary did notTeply. "Mr. Harwell,"X raitemtedr , 'thu isno timeforfalse dejicacy., Did you read that letter "I did; but hastily and with an . Agitated. conscience." " Yon can, however !recall its general drift?" " It was some complaint in regard tothe treatment received by him at the- ' hand of one of Mr., Leavenworth'sniecei.- I remember nothing more." " "Which Biece?" "There were no names mentioned." "Butyou inferred " " No, air; that is just what I did not-. do. I forced myself to forget the whole tiling." ' " And yet you Say that it produced; an effect upon the .family?" "Lcaneee now tbatitdid.. None of them has ever appeai«d quite the same toward each otlter as before™' " Mr. Harwell," I'now said, £ when you were questioned as to the receipt of any letter by Mr. Leavenworth, which might seem in any manner to be connected with this tragedy, you denied having seen any such ; how was that?"' " Mr. Eaytnond," be xetMmed, "-you are a gentleman; have a chivalrous regard for the ladietf4 do you think that yon oould have brought yourself (even if m your secret heart you considered some such result possible, which 1 am not ready to say I-did) to mention at such a time as that, the reoeipt of a letter oomplainrng of ihe treatment recoved from one-of Mr. Leavenworth's nieces. « a auspicious circumstance worthy to ^ tSia^acoouut • by 3 a coroner's. . that, letter was;one of importance? X knew no Henry Eitdue Clavering." "And yet you seemed to think it waa," I niurmurBd. - " I remember you hesitated before replying." "It is true/but not as I. should hestate'nowiifthequestion were potto me again/' c : 8Qence followed these words,- during which I took two or three turns .up an3. downtharoom. is all vmy fandful,"l8aid, laughing in the vain endeavour to throw off tiM 'superstitious horror that unaccountably to mysdf stfll hung about me. .• \- . ." .. He bent his head in assent "I know it,*^ 'said • he. " I am practical myself jn broad daylight, and recognise the flimaness of an accnsatiiai based won a poor, hard working secre-, taiy*s dream as plainly as you do. That is the. reason I desired to faqi ^om speaking at alL Dreams arenot things with which to confront a man in a court of justice; but, Mr. Eaymond," and his long, thin band fell' upon my arm with a nervous intensity whidt ' gave me almost the, sensation of an electrical shock, '{if Ae murderer of confess Mr. Leavenworth his deedr^nuk is ever my bnwght to will prove to be tiie of my dream." I drew a long ..breath. ! For a moment bis belief was mine, a mingled sensation of relief and exquisite pain swept over me ii Xtiipught the poeability of Eleanare bang exonerated: from : crime only to be into fresh humiliation and "HestalkB the streets in freedom now," the secretary west en as if to himself," even dares to enter the boon be hMuraefuny-3eSs£rated; but justice is , justice, and sooner or later som^bing' will trampire wbidi wOl prave to- you fiat a premonition so woaderfulas that I received, bad its ftit the voice calling, ' ' Trueman, Ttaeman,' was more tban the emp^ nttBraaees of an otcited brain; tiiatit was Justice itsd^. calEn^ attention to tiie guflty." f (fthiirf—ii.) 