Facts versus Poetry. ' Would you be kind enough to direct m*» to th» editor ?' asked a grave and venerable gentleman, with a kindly face and pleasant smile. 'He's out,' responded the law reporter. Is there anything I can do ? ' ' I am Dr. Holmes,' Eaid the gentleman. Where's your oihee, doctor P Come to see about the diphtheria ? I can do as well as the editor. What is it ? ' And the law reporter braced himself. ' Doctor Oliver Wendell Holmes,' replied the gentleman, his handsome face beaming with good nature. ' I have a poem I would like to submit. Shall I leave it with you ? ' . The law reporter took it and read it aiou& ' You call it a f Winter Day «b ^he JSftiisii' he. ''H'm; yes.' ' ' A blinding1 glare, a silver fl*yv A sea of snow with frozen spray{ The foaming billows swelling high, Updashea against the icy day: ? White laden northern whirlwinds blow Across the pale sea's heaving breast, And fill the creamy ebb and flow With stormy terror and unrest. ' The storm birds flit athwart the main ' Like rudderless, bewildered ships, The stranded winds breathe sobs of pa^* And frosty froth from pallid lips. The seething, milky waves, in swift Harsh struggle with the fate that binds, Break into frozen rift and drift Against the wrecked and straining winds,. ' ' A sea of loneliness and death, Whose waves are ghosts, whose vales are graves, Whose inspiration is the breath That lurks in northern winter caves, A snowy gloom, whose icy shade Lies white beneath the spray-tipped crest. Whose silver sombreness is laid A glaring pall across its breast.' ' Just bo, just eo,' continued the law reporter. 'Did you want this published as it is ?' 'Ihad thought something of giving it publicity,' said the doctor. ' You'll have to get the advertisine clerk to regis ter it then,' retorted the law reporter. ' I wouldn't take the responsibility of sending it in as it stands now.' ?? What seems to be the matter with it?' inquir»d the doctor. ' I don't think it is natural. Now, here, you take a snow-storm on the praries, and make it a sea. Then you freeze it all up and make it dash around. You've either got to thaw it out or quit risraliiTig- it. We may be able to alter it so it will do, if you'll leave it.' ' What alterations would you suggest F' asked the doctor. ' I'd fix that first verse so as to be in accordance with the facts ; make it 'sequential,' as we say in law. Instead of having the blinding and the silver and the foaming billows, and white laden winds, and. the creamy ebb and all that rot. I'd put it in this ' ' In township thirty, range twenty-nine, Described in the deed as prairie land, It sometimes snows in tbe winter time, As we are given to understand. This alleged snow falls on a level, It's said, some several feet or more, And when the wind blows like the devil, It drifts from where it was before. '' In that way,' continued the law reporter, 'you can get the facts before the public without commit tin? the paper to anything, Under your poem, any man who could prove that you were ta1V'Tig about his land could bring a libel suit, and the measure of damages would be what he could have sold it for if yon hadn't written it np as a sea.' ' Will the other verse do?' asked the doctor. 'I'm afraid not.' replied the law reporter. 'This business about the storm bird without a rudder, and stranded winds and milky waves, don't prove anything. They wouldn't be admitted in evidence anywhere. I suppose you want to express desolation; but the testimony isn't good. Why don't you say : ' ' In the place aforesaid when the said winds blowj. The tenants thereof don't go about, And such birds as find they can't stand the snow Look as though they'd their tails pulled out. And when the said snow and said winds are gone, It's found the said land finds a ready taker, For though you can't farm much when the winter's The property don't fg,n a cent an acre.' ' There you get your desolation and your birds like rudderless ships, and at the same time you throw in a clause which lets you out of the libel by showing that the mow don't affect the value of the ground. The way you had it, you would have brought all the western settlements down on us. Been a poet long?' ' I — I, that is, I begin to think not,' gasped the- unhappy doctor. But can't you do something with the last verse?' ' We Tnitrht leave +,Tiat rnit altoPBtTiRT. nr wa micrlrfc substitute something for it. The hist verse is a con tradiction of terms. If s a non sequitur, as we Bay in law, and could have no status in. court in the event of an action. You can't say snowy gloom, or white shade, and as for a glaring pall, I presume you mean the white velvet one they use for infants. I couldn't pass that in, but I might change it for you.' How would this do ? * ' It is rumored that while the snow Is on the land before described, It looks as though one couldn't sow Seed to advantage, though this is denied. Some people hold that it empties the pouch To Yrav land in the winter in thi* wnrfh ? For this unsupported statement we do not voacft, But give the story for what it is worth.* ' But there isn't any poetry in it,' stammered the doctor. 'What's tie reason there isn't?' demanded the law reporter indignantly. 'Don't it tell everything you did, and don't it rhyme in some places? Don't it get but all the facts, and don't it let people know what's going on?' . ' * 'Of 'course it does,' chimed in the police reporter. ' That's what I call a good item of poetry. I think you might add that startling -developments may bo expected, and that the police bare got a cine to the perpetrator.' -f That isn't necessary,' replied the law reporter, loftily, 'we poet* always leave, something- to the reader's imagination.' 'I believe I'll go,' murmured the doctor. ' All right, eir. Come around any time when you've got some poetry you want fixed up.' As the law reporter bowed the visitor out. 