. SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. j ELSTKKXWICIÍ-PAP.K RACKS. j 'lhi* August meeting of the \ íctorion Trotting Club was held on Saturday, but the sport was affected considerttblj b} the peculiar variety m the weather Before the racing commenced a ho^e was being used in the paddock to keep dow n the dust, but later in the atternoon there was n sharp cold wind, with unpleasant rain squalls blow mg across the course '1 he r mi did not seriously diminish the attendance, as the ordinary lace going section of citj residents went out in fair numbers both by road and rail the reserves especially being well filled J? ne trotters who had never had a three minute record cania together ui tho openuig event, and although the} all broke, Darebin Maid won very citsd} A fine held of 10 horses caine out for the Handicap Hurnlo Itace andluaihcr, with Batt} in the saddle, was an established favourite Problem a horse from the North Lastern district, went ont without any support, but won comfort obi}, with Master Pinetop second, and General( Jackson third 1 he labourite could only get tittil Tor the popular two year old event, there were 10 starters, Mistral being the uest backed amongst them, while Anita had Wiso a fair suppoit 'Hie advantage of ii start in buch an event was shown, for Lord Chan cellor, who got well away, kept in front almost until the post was reached At the distance Anita made her ellort, and must have won hud she not either c_ed or swerved bhghtly As it w 03 nearly every one on the ground thought she had c,ot her nose past the Chancellor as tho post was gained but the judge gave it a dead heat A division of the stake was the natural outcome Hie Is un got third place A field of eic,ht horses as scmbled at the post for the Handicap Steeple chase Starlish and Sir Samuel euch being liberally backed The former shaped veiy badi), however for although jumping spion didly when he did take the fence, he shirked nearly every obstacle At the second jump ho swerved round eharpl}, carried Postboy and Hie Owl with him, and brought down Sir Samuel, who blundered over one of the wings Sir Samuel waa remounted, but further round again ran oft with the uncertain Starfish Post hoy also baulked earl) m the race, and the chances were confined to a few horses Inshmun showed that he had undoubted pace, and with every lurlong the gap between lum and the other horses in creased It was only a matter of standing up to win, but the grey went wildly, and Hill pulled him about a good deal in the ellort to stead} lum. V hen he huntly carne dow n at the back of the course, a quick remount would have saved the race The horse jumped about a good deal, however, mid Hill was Borne time in getting into the saddle stig Peeping'lorn, and Hie Owl all struck heavily at different poiuts without falling, and the first two finished in the order named, Insuman getting third place In euch of the jumping races the ring men took a benefit, neither of the winners being backed Hie Selling Race, with a doren starters, was won by another outsider in St. Andrew, the Ace, who was first favourite, being second, and Plato third 'Hie winner was bought by Dr 0 Uara for £57, the club making i.32 by tho tiansnction Only four horses remained in for the Selling Steeple chase, Deceiver being favourite with the odds of Oto 4 on him laxuraxncumand lopsail w ere both backed '1 he first round was com pleted at a moderate cauter, all the riders waiting upon each other In the opinion of the onlookers, Batty waited too long with De ceiver, and when he made his eliott after landing over the last fence ho could not catch Ia.\araxacum, who won by several lengths laxaraxacum was bought ui for £30, nil of which went to the ince funds, and Deceiver btnng-clnlmed, was sold to Mr c< Glasscock for ¿101 Hie racing wound up with the live furlong Handicap for vvhich Clarendon and Lando were favourites ui a field of 21 starters, the first named gain ins most support by a point 1 he race was won by Lando, with St Albert second, and Umberto third lhe electrical apparatus, devised by Messrs Haydon and Gaunt for registering and announcing the scrntcbings, worked very satisfactorily, and the invention is so useful that it is almost certain to become popular The following are the par ticulars of the racing - THREE vrVOTF TROT, Of £10 Onoovcnt Harness only for horses that havo never beaton tlircu minutes A sweep of 1 sov each from starters to ¡,o to tho second horse Two miles. Mr P G Roddv ns bl m Darebin Maid, a.ed, carried list Ulb (Owner) 1 Mr Vi 1 arson ns b tr Lieutenant (late 1 unter) Oyrs lost, 101b (A Mulholland) 2 Mi I U!cklln-eii s b ml lora Temple, aged, lOst 101b (J Churchill) 3 Mr J Beaumonts b or br m Polly aged lOst 101b (b Ilnrncj) 0 Mr L Urimvvoods br g Punch (into Neptune) ngod carried 12st 21b (F r Upjohn) 0 Mr J Beaumont s b or br g Dandj, aaed carried 12st 01b (Owner) 0 Bettln- -0 to 4 un Darobln Maid After several falso starts Darebin Maid tool tho lead but lieforo tho first quarter of a mile the other tho had nil brol on "At the bad of the courto Darebin Maid had a sound lead, with llora Temple and Lieutenant next, Passing the stand tho Maid was uearly 100 yards In front of llora Temple who was CO vards In front of Lieutenant Polly and 1 utieh wcro together, 100 vards further bael and Bandya lone; wa) last At tho back Darebin Maid broke for tho first timo and Lioutennnt parsed flora Temple. Tho favourltu cased as she carno home but el en then almost managed to distance tho other pair Lieu tenant was second Fiore Temple third, and Dand) a Ion,'wa) last. Time, 6m Ms. HYNDICVF iiunnrr RACI, Of CO sovs. Ona nillo and flvefurlonrs Mr W littles og I roblen by Bonnio CnrlMc Prime Minister maro (j j ra Ost l°lb (Hill) 1 Mr M. Connor s bl or br li Master Pinetop, need, »st. 121b (Delano)) 5 Mr T loues s eli g General Jncl son aged, Ost, 121b (Anderson) 1 Mr h. Weeks s cri g Fusilier aired 10-t (Bitty) 0 Sir« T Glarkosbr g Vcrnet, G yr«, Oat lib (Jackson) 0 Mr II Chifno) s b g Equity need Ost. 101b (Cope) 0 Mr \\\ Glasscock s eli h Distiller, 0 } rs, »st 101b., carried »st 1 lib (Brady) 0 Mr W L Power's brt Ircczeout, 4}rs Ost 101b (Gardner) 0 Mr 1 Toper's be Amateur, aged, Ost 01b , carried Oat lllb (Williams) 0 Mr J I eel. a b m orana Duchess, 0 ? ra Ost "lb (J Butler) 0 Mr J Thomas nsbr h Marquis, 0)rs, Oat, carried Ost 41b (Roberts) 0 Mr A SlmssbrgXenophon aged Oat (Sims) 0 Mr C \\\ ilson she Canute, aged, Ost, carriod 0 t 'Jib (Iluht) . 0 Mi W s Cox s (pin )b h Tho Chief Ç)is, Oat (Ou nor) 0 Mr II A Jvcrmodo s br g Idle Bo-, -1 i rs, Ost (II Butler) 0 Mr J O Itctdsch g Clifton, aged, Ost, carried Ost 2Mb (Ladersoii) 0 Bettln-, -5 to 2 ngst 1 usilior, f to 1 agst Amateur, 0 to 1 each agst J-qult), Master Pinetop, and \euo phon, 10 to 1 each ngst \ ernet nnd Tho Chief ° Tho horses t,ot well away together, with tho exeep tiotl of Vernct who remained at tho post Amateur was in front as soon as tho Held got fairly going but Distiller parsed him as tiley approached the llmt hurdle Going over this jump tile order was Lqultv, Distiller Amateur lrceze-out General Jackson Chief c-rnnl Duchess Iroblem Clifton \eno]hon, Marquis, Idle Boy and A cruet last Cominc. round tho turn tho leaders were Liiultl lusllicr Ama tour, and General Jackson The hlj Held formed a very pretty spcctaclo as the horses sn opt oi cr tho hurdle immediatel) in front of tile stand General Inf-sson au I Equitv w ero almost to-ctllcr Thon carno Iroblem, Master 1 Inetop i-rcczcout and Amateur The horses wcro well strung out goble, to the 1 ack of tho courno 1 crnot and Idlu Sov bellte ver) far behind while General Jackson and I roblcm wcro tho leaders Crossing the hurdle nt tho back of the course, Master Pinetop rushed to the front Coming round towards home Problom carno up on tho inside mid passed Master Pinetop Tho two carne Into the straielit lu that order, with Equity, 1- miller and (.encrai Jack son closo behind them Tho unbacked I robleni carno hornea comfortable winner b) several lengths from Master Pinetop who was almost six lengths in front of General Jackson then carno Equity Fusilier, /cnoplion Amateur, and Cllftou, with 1-icezeout lost. Time, 3m 1 Ja SAPLINO STlI.ES, Handicap of GO sois lor two year olds Three fur lon_s Sir M I Clnrkos oh f Atilti b) Neckersgat La Naine (¡st (llii.hes) t Mi II Couoll) ns li o Lord Chancellor bv Ills Lordship-Drift, 7st. 41b, carried 7sL 01b (It Beneo) t Mr Vi D Robertson s h f Tno Nun, by First king. -tllerimn-o 7st 101b (Flddcs) 1 Mr E. Weeks s bor-oo Garibaldi S-t 101b (Blair) 0 Vi S Miller s hr o Munwy nina Sst (Olds) u Mr H M Robertsons u c Claudlau, »st l°lb (llnrton) O Mi II Totholl B b o La Crosse 7st 71b (Dcosov) 0 Mi li A kermodes bl o Dcfraudor, 7st 71b (Stonncll) 0 Mi h Horsfall s br f Mistral 7st 71b (Smith) 0 Mr S Miller's Mv na 7at. lib (luoiuei) 0 vii O Barnetts br f llarmoiiv 7sc 'lb (lohnsou) 0 liri Tozers bfLottlo, 7st -lb carried 7ht lib (Halkoi) 0 Jil I tt hlttinuliaiu s eh c BeL-onl "st "lb (Gu)) 0 Mr U Gray s" f Colleen Dims _-t (Banter) 0 Mr W Kerr s bl o General cordon 7at, carried st "lb (Cone) 0 Mr J Harper's b f Phabo Malton "at (J Bonce) O Betting -7 to 2 ngst Mistral 4 to 1 ngst Anita 5 lol agst Tho Nun Oto o¿st Garibaldi, audio to 1 agst Munw v rtitia As tho youngsters stood In Uno at the post the Nun had tho best position on the inside with tho favourite Mistral In tho centre and Bcfraudcr on tho outside Tiley all ¡rot awav even uith the execution of Hani orij who loti good deal of cround Lord eil icll r jumped oft in front and liter him ca \nitft Tho Nun and General Cordon Cou in? round the turn in a gale of dust, Lord LhinciHor was leading, and as tho> nearod the po»t it seemed Hat the black jacket muit Set lowe easllj In front At the distance Anita cat ic fa^t but eised for an instant. She caine again bo ic\\(.r and scemeel to ¿ct her no o in front, but tlit hjitsvcrvceosther the nee as the judcogrvc it i dead heit lbc Nun was beaten bv about half a ltrgtb. tor third position the ilaecd horsed being all to/cthcr ca-ibaldi una lourth La Croaae fifth, General Gordon s ith Muiiuirtlniseveuth and Hir tuon) who never recovered her lost K round at the start last Time úti_¿ The owners agreed to divide tbo f-tako HANDICAP fiTTEIHi/'HVsK, Of 7 sois 10BO\&. out of tho »stake togo to second hor*e About two mites Mr T Tot es « b g fa tac (lato Au trallm Court)-M Mistniliati Buck-Glp>y acod list (Andorcon) 1 Mi I» helli s bl g I eeelng lorn, o^ed, Oat. Tib , carried Ost. 101b (Alien) 2 Mr W Welman a L, g Tlio Irishman r JH i)>t 121)) (Ulli) 3 Mr P Lolanej s ro j» Postbov, axed lOst Olb (Delanev) 0 Mr M Larev s br g btarÜsli aaed, lOst. "ib (Carej) 0 Mr Í Hamllls b h Sir Samuel Ovre, KM "lb (hil lull) 0 Mr W Munro mi, gBabj, Gjrs Jst 121b carried Iftit lib (Munro) 0 Mr 1 Kelly H eli IT Tin. Owl a tret 1 »at Dib (li JlnUcr) 0 Letting -3 to I agst Starfish * to agstblr Samuel, 4 to 1 at st 1 ostboj, 5 to 1 agst Irishman Babv uas first in motton but btarfl«U pass"d hhn and led ov cr tho sol vail followed bj Irishman fa tar fihli was ju t in front ot a croup ol horses at tho llrst rall fence and as he swerved nwaj shirpl> ho carried Postbov tho OH 1 and hir Samuel with bun Tito lutUr blundered over the win? and enuc down but kilduf? was lifted into the «addie aualii The other horses went oi er tho Io"s in the follow ing order viz. Stag Pcc)in^lom Irishman ant Babv Tho Owl was the first oï tho baulked hornes to come rourd and ho led Sir Samuel, 1 ostboj and Starfish over the log* ¡sir Samuel was again a victim toMarfitiisincH narien to run off the latter taming the jureen jacket with him into the centre of the course lostbov ran round the next fence and to tho field was further thinned At the hack S a¿ had a couple nf lcn0tln leid followed bj Peeping Tom mid Irishman 20 lengths in ad vaneo of ilab> Lomiiiu opposite- the rail vi a \ station Irishman race I to tim (roi t and had a long leid The foin leading hortic* pa^stnc thn Aland were Irishman Stag lecplng font und Owl The latter jumped badi}, and btv eral times htrtick hoav ilr, h it I cpt on lils lerp» At tho back for the second timo. Irishman was 20 lengths before the others but ho struck here and rolled over Hill mounted him again but ha 1 lost too much ground ^tatralbohitthofonco mnirtlj but kept going foi lowed b> Peeping foin The latter rapped tbo list Knet nnd shot his rideront of the Kiddle hut ho re tov crod nnd w cnt after Stay At first he looked lil o catching him but Sta" nilen hard won bv tour lengths Irishman a score of lengths lack jmtlcit lui, Oui for third place Bub\ and lostboj cantered in lime 4in -lOjs SLÍLISCÍ IXAVh OfoOsovs height for age dinner to be sold for JU2o llulf a mile Mr li Seviors ch g St Andrew bv Strathtay - "Dtmdrap(£¿>) a"cd, Gst 131b (luoino>) 1 Mr A. Summer a b g Ace (£¿0) aj,o 1 7st Gib (Cope) 2 Mr A L Johnson s b g riato (£5) 5 3 r Ost 131b (if Brown) i Mr W I aniilu> ti br h btatloitor (£12J) ai,cd, J t 21b (Uren eil) 0 Mr li Louollv na g o Orlando (¿.100) 4 >rs Sst. "lb (Ganlitei) 0 I Mr \\\ W lcrssotjborbrgWoodbuio(£00) Oyrs I 7st (lib (T Urowu) 0 Mr J ütutkshanksbgbpero(£2o)4 3rs Ost 111b (D Williams) 0 Mr 1 Warnes b or brh Chandos (nil), 5>rs, twt Dib , tarried (1st. LJlb (It Uenoo) 0 Mr II Haines s ch Lr Breeze (nil) 5 jrs Oat dib (O Williams) 0 Mr T Tobins b g Assurance (nil), 4 jrs, ust 41b (fountain) 0 Mr J TuttVsborbr c Cfcrops (£G0), 3 _xs Cst Sib (Johnson) 0 Mr 1 Weeks br f Brella (nil), 3 >rs Cst lib. (Ware) 0 netting-0 to 4 atrst Tho Ace 5 to2air*tBreeze, G to 1 each &_,st W oodblnu and Chundos, 7 to 1 a^st Ilrcll i 10 to 1 agst I lato and Spero Uree7cbroko away before the horses could bo got lu lino and ¿allouai once round Ccmluir up in lino again 1 lato and Ureero pot tho best of the start and tlic former led to tho turn where St Andrew joined him Orlando and W oodblno liebig close up St. Andrew was in front foi tho run liome, and ho held his le 11 w inning b} about tw o lengths from Hie Ace with I lato third close up Woodbine was fouitli. Orlai do llfth Cccro) s sivth Urella Rcvcutli and Urce?o last. Time, öd^ec Iho winner was «old to Dr O Uara for Jb. " SFILli»» S1FEPIECII\SF, Of 50 so\9 \\\ inner to bo sold for ¿U0J About ono mile and three quaitcrs Mr 1 \\\ eck S 3 bl g Ta\araxacuin, bv Little Fish, aged (nil) lOst Tib (Chaston) 1 Mr It liattj à gorro g Beecher, aged (£10) llbt 71b (Uatt>) * 2 Mr li CouolK na ch g Topsail, nt,cd (nil) lOst 71b (Gardener) 3 Mr M Caroi a br g Starfish, aged (£a0) Hat 71b (M Caroj) 0 Betting-0 to 4 on Deceiver, 4 to 1 ogst Ta\ara\a cum D to 2 asfst Topsail [ D10 four went away at a slow cantor Topsail in I front but Taxaraxacuin and DeccUcr passing bim took the first fence together At tho back tho nones ? seemed to bo trj big whith could go tho slowest, the order being Taxaraxacum DcoeHcr Topsail, and I Starfish Tho latter stopped at tho last fonce before reaching the straight, but was ultimately got o\cr I and went on jumping well Dcccrver blundered I sllghtlj at the same fci co Topsail baulked at tho logs lut was brought sharply round and jumped at tho second try Thoj went quietly to the back of the course when tho racing commenoed Taxan\acuni landed flr&t; over tho lost fence, with Topsail on bia quarters and Deceiver three lengths bael In the run home Deceiver passed Topsail and scomel likch to catch lavaraxacum but tho latter I cpt in front and won by about four lengths. Deceiver after a punlihlng finish being two lengths ahead of Topsail atnrllah finished last some lengths awaj Time im 21 ia. Tile winner was bought iti foi £30 and De cefver being claimed was sold to Mr Q Ulasscock for 1101 FUL FORTONC* nANDICAI, OfSOsovs Mr J Warnes oh h Lando, b> KinB Arthur, 4 \rs 7ht tilb (btonnell) 1 Mr C kushkas b oi br g St. Albert, Q jrs 7st 41b (Morrison) 2 Mr ii Batt} a ch h Umberto, D ira, 7st. 7lb (Burton) 3 Mr J G BcldschglhtOIiost, aged Ost (G M-il lia ms) 0 Mr J Hamilla bl h Hannibal aged Sat (Cope) 0 Mr T lountahisbror rogLIvvood, 4 vrs 7st.JlI (rountoiii) 0 Mr J leeka ch m St Ellen D j ra 7a t °lb (N ellon) 0 Mr C hushkai b or br h Clarendon, G jrs "st, carrie 1 7st 31b (Walker) 0 Mr 1' Jonossbo Bohemian ljrs Sst (Blair) 0 Mr U A. Kermode sch g Warlleld, Cyrs "st 01 b (R Bonce) 0 Mr It Tothill s b te Fou- Phj, 1 yrscrö jw, "¡>t. Sib (Deasov) 0 Mr J Wilsons, jim, bri Cvio, Jjrs, "st Sib (Moore) 0 Mr O Wilson s b m Gardenia C>rs, 7st Gib (T Williams) 0 Mr IL Howesb ti Roderick Dhu d>rs 7st (D Williams) Mr J G Rolda bl h Inundo, 4 3ra Oat lSlb (Levien) 0 Mr s G Cooks bgBrinkraan, 3 jrs Oat 7lb (Barr) 0 i r D Sloan a b h Bon Bon, 6 > rs, Gat 01b (Moffat) 0 Mr I Mort ison s ch c Vasco, 4 ¿rs, Ost 01b, carried ait. 101b (Warko) 0 Mr T \\\hittlukhamsge Achmet, 3 jrs. list 4lb (Guj) 0 Mr S Divis s li m Mrs Tarley, D ¿ra, Ost 41b carried Ost. 101b (li Brown) 0 Mr 1 Calverts U c Mossy Tace, S jis Cst (Tuomcv) 0 Betting -t to 1 ag<;t Clarendon 5 to 1 ngst Lindo 7 to 1 "aeh ngst Brinkman and Mrs Jarle j i>tola"st Umberto 10 to 1 cich o^st Tho O host, Hannibal, Wai field and Gardcnh When the ila, fell Umberto wai quickest on lils legs, follow ed by M Helen \ asco and Lando At the turu St Helen and \asco wero leadme, closo together with Achmet on tho outside Itoun Ung tho turn Vosco went wido and let Gardenia up au thu Inside the maro with Lando bein,; tho first to HIIOW falrl) in the strait.ht In tho race homo Laudo held lils jiosltion and won b3 a cou} lu of lengths from St Albert, Umberto being third close vip Hrlulcnmu was fourth Achmet filth Gardenia sixth C1 iron don sovctith. Lvle eighth Tho Ghost novt, and talr Play last lime, lm 6a spoimxo Horns. A ver) successful nfternoon's lacing took place at Elsternwick park on Suturdiiy after- noon, despito the threatening weather m the early part ot the dn). The most interesting event on the enid was the Two jenr old Han dicap, for which Anita und Lord Chancellor ran a dead heat, at a dillcrence oi 101b ni favour of the colt, and excluding tho Gib sex allowance for tho fill) , whilst the Nun, who carried 41b less than Anita, finished aneck only behind the pair '1 lie trio were thus gauged to a meet) b) tho handicapped Mr. Vowles Anita is in the forthcoming Manb)rnong Plate nnd as sho is evidently possessed of n smart turn of speed the ltupertsvvood colours may in all probability be seen m the front rank of the great two year old race Sir William Clarke^ fill) is by Neckersgat, the siro ot Newstead, who won last }pars Maribyrnong Plate. Messrs Ha)don and Gaunt, the inventors and patentees ot the new electric scratching apparatus, are to be congratulated on the success or their machine at Elsternwick on Saturday afternoon. The machine, notwith- standing that the officials are not exact!) au Jail as to its ramifications and intricacies, neveitheless worked most satisfactori!). There is no doubt that tho invention will attract the notice of the leading racing clubs in Victoria and the neighbouring colonies, whilst the patentees coujd not do bettei than bring it under the notice of the jockey clubs and lessees of the principal courses in India, America, ard Great I In tain. A useful machine has also been invented in New South Wales for the starling of horses The inventor is Mr. Hurry Pa)ton, and, briefly speaking, the pnncinle of the np paratus consists ot a semaphore and gong, which fall and sound simultaneously with the signal for the sturt 1 he Australian Jockey Club are to be tile first to give it a trial at the Ilandwick Spring meeting next month 'Hie following are the rules to be adopted in the working of the machine - 1 Lier) jotkc) In ii race »lull linml over his ticket to tile starter at the post i! All jockos, after having their preliminaries, «hull tal u their horses behind the line, and renuhi thoro until rocen in«- their orders from tho ataitcr J Lnon the starter entering his box it shall bo the Rigmil lor all horses to bo broueht up lu their places behind tho line, ninth shall not bo crossed until the order Is .riven to wall up, when every horse in the race shall tcndvanced m a line towards the signal poat at a walkin/ p tee 4 When iht arm drops the gong sounds, mil it is Hie sitrnal for tile raco to become st trtcd G Any jockey for taking his wron/ position lu the race, crossing the line until ordered to do so ad vaneiiiL faster thalia walk, holding iiis horne back, or other-lue ofïcnillu"- bydlsoLeylng tho startei «hall bo liable to bo placed on tho outside of tile Held when the horses aro being draw n up a_ain c- Ali) Jockev breaking nwa) and pa sin/ the si/nal post, ot wiltull) breaking auv of the rules a second time «hall bo liable to be disqualified from ridintr m tho race 7 Wroni jockejs b) their ml-comlust become dis qualified, tho starter uiav reco'iiiucnd to the stewards snell disqualification, to wteud over a term of S, 0, or 1.1 niontbs 'Hie starting difficulty has for long been a «ux m connexion with racing at Randwick, and it Mr Pay ton's invention works at all satisfactorily horse owners and the public alike will have reason to be thankiul At LUternvvitk park on Saturday, 100 to 7 w is taken nbout Acolyte for the Hawkesbury Handicap to sev end hundreds » 1 he gcneril entries for the Moonee Valley Meeting ot next Saturday close at the office, Kirks Bn7oar, uetorc 1pm to da) At the burne time Mr Ruche will receive entries for the Moonee \ol!e) Cup ot ¿00 sois, and trophv v due 50 sois,, to be run for on the 24th of October next 'Hie cntrv is 2 sovs., mid the distance oi the race lb six and a halt furlongs Nominators of horsc3 in the dutfield Cup must not overlook the second pa) ment of o sois., which basto be made good b) 1 p.m to morrow, at the V A T C office The declaration.-! hav e also to be made the sume da) for the Caulfield Guineis and Ore.it Foil Stakes Nominators in both stakes eau withdraw then without tnrther pnynient 'Hie Adelnde Racing Club s Spang Meeting takes place to monow Ano was struck out of the Caulfield Cup on Snturdnv I he )iro"ramme for the Ballant Turf and JTuiit (.tubs' annual meeting on 'lhuradny and 1 ruins, the lit und 2nd October, bus been published Hie principal events ure the Hunt Club Cup (steeplechase), ii trophy, value 100 sovs , given by Mr M Loughhn, und the Ballarat Steeplechase of HO sovs. Vonunations toi the Hunt Club Cup, the Ballarat Handicap, the Hurdlo Race and the Steeplechase to be mude on the 11th ot September J lie Bendigo Jockey Clubarealsointho field with the programme ot their spring meeting, which is fixed for Wednesdu) and thursday, the 2>th and L'Oth ot Non muer, the week alter the \\\ iigga meeting '1 lie bill ot furc is ur) constderablv improved from former )eirs, ns, for instance, the Sandhurst Cup will bo worth 300 sovs , the Bendigo Uandi cap IV) sovs, and the Huidle Race mid Steeplechase 100 sov s each '1 lie animal lace meei nig in connexion w ith Bowes s liittersalls Club lins been fixed lor Saturday the 12th Deci mber, over the Moonee Valley course Mr A Haliubonrg the owner ot Acol) te, tit Lui renee, and 1 he Brokei, will give i oO guinea troph) The Sherwood park coursing meeting will take place on Thursday mid Indi} next Lntnes close before noon on \\\ edncsdn), at the office 'lemple court 'I ho stakes ure the Sherwood park Cup, tor 32 all ages, at 4 guineas each, w ith n 30 guinea place added b) Mi I 13 Scott, and the Burwood Stakes, lor "Ö puppies, nt S guineas each 'Hie following coursing meetings take place this week in the countr) -Munni Club to du} , Sandhurst, Mildon, und Bunnghup Champion Wednesday and lliursdii) , Cien gow el Club 'Ihursdn) and Trida) 'Hie Ballirit annual handicap pigeon shooting has been fixed lor Wednesdu), the oOth of ¡september-the da) before the races ' Hie sumot JJ") sovs is guaranteed b> the Billarut dun Club, together with » trophy given by Messrs Youn,» and Co , of Collins street, open to all comers 'Hie winner will receive 200 sovs. and the troph) , the second and thud, 50 sovs and 25 sovs , and the five next 10 sovs each 'Hie nomination and acceptance are > sovs respectivel), and the former is to be made on or betöre September 23, to Mr Y W Purdue, honorary secretary, Lydmrd street, Ballarat, lhe conditions ure nine birds each, three trails, use of both birrels, lloz. shot, guns limited to 12 gauge, N0 yunis boundary, Melbourne Gun Club rules The committee reserve to themselves to refuse any nomma non 'Hie new ground of the Melbourne Gun Club ut Brighton, 12 acres in extent, which was presented to the club b) Mr Joseph Clarke receiitl), is now being laid out and fitted with nil the appliances and buildings, so ns to be read) for opening m the first week m October An attractive programme will shortl) bo announced for tho last quarter of the }car 'Hie annual general meeting of the Mel bourne Cricket Club is fixed for Saturdii), the 12th of September 'Hie business will be the presentation ot the annual report and balance sheet, mid election of office bearers lot the coming Benson '1 he acceptances for the Melfort Inn Shef field Handicap are very numerous 'Hie run nmg takes plnce on r-aturda) and Monday next, at the new grounds, recently I udout by Messrs Melrose und Robinson, at Lasen don _ HUNTING HU. MELBOURNE HOUNDS Hie old racecourse, Brighton, wies the meeting place lor these hounds on butur day, and the green sward in front of the Retreat presented a very animated appear- ance Among those out were Mr T Watson (acting master) on Swiss Boy, Miss Crooke on lahsmnn, Miss Clara Crooke on Starlight, Mr II Molesworth on limbertop, Mr C W. Chapman on Porter, Mr Gurde on Jumbo, Mr W E Highett on a chesnut, Mr I Anderson on lfandsdown, Mr beton Williams on Conrad, Mr Mumo on Re doubt, Mr \\\ alter Clarke on Sailor, Mr Brauton on Acrobat, Mr Murphy on Union Mr Basil Gray on Jack Shepherd, Mr Pa) ne on a brown, Mr Short on Morning, and Mr Connus on a brown 'Hie hound1» were laid onto the scent m a paddock to the leit ot the racecourse», thence crossed the heath near Mr Petts s house, and passing the Black Kock, crossed the I rankston railway line within a mile of Mor diiilloc, where a check occurred After ii short interval the scent was again picked up, and tho lino of the hunt headed lor Dande- nong, but, turning to the lett, passed through Springvale to the village ot Oakleigh, where the hunt ended '1 he run was a long one, and severel) tested the powers"of the horses, several tails taking place towards the end ot it Most ct the field were np at the finish, and Miss Crooke maintained her pude ot place throughout the run 1001BVLL SOUTH MELBOURNE V GEELONG Theso clubs mot on tho South Melbourne cricket ground on Saturday afternoon Special iutorc.t centred In tho gamo lor several reasons. Xho decision of the lootbalt Aasoeiatiou awaiding tho palm of victory to tho Essendon Club m their lato match oirslnst tho South Mcibourno placed the tatter in snell a position that their defeat on Saturdn) would havoeiv on the Essendon tho premier honours ami res tim lost meeting of tho South Mcibourno and Geelong teams ended In a draw, they had uv cr) c ill to put forth special exertions on tile present occasion It is hart I) necessary to say that the c,oa! | osts were well i rotectcd with a view to prevent anv repetition of a disputed goal snell ns in tho judgment of the nssoclnti ni, lost them tho lost match with bs-endou Olio i onditlou of success was on tho side of the Soutli Melbourne te mi on Saturday - the svinpitli) and best wishes of somo thousands of spectators whoso tumultuous cheering must hat o I een hi^hl) instilritliu to tho local men It was not that the excited multltmlo desired to seo tile defeat of tho Geelong team so much as thu v irtory of the South Me houiiiu, having K-scmlon more lu view than Ocelon-r Tile enormous attendance, despite the threatening aspect ol tiio weather demonstrated tho widespread interest that is felt, at tho present jnncturo in the fortunes of the South Melbourne club Geelong sent a Urc.o contingent, mostl) con vc)ed to Melbourne b) spécial train, tliou-h a con sidcrablu number cania b) water but Melbourne and its suburbs contributed 1,1 000 oi 14 OuO spectators-, according to tho computation of men experienced lu jiiddne the numerical strciicth of liumonseeoncouraes nf this-kin I It w is a sLht well worth sccin. oven to thoso who declaro that thc> do not cute for foothill and who uottll consider ic a waste of time to spend a couple ot hours lu w Itncsslng a good luatth Both South Melbourne ami Geelong wero well represented on Saturda), although ano or two .rood men of tho former club could not put inanap pearanco Hie local men w ero in charge of Lima, while M Lein was captain of tho visitors., and Mr Tile vus oillciatcd as central umpiro W hen tho ga tro oponed, thero was a squallv broc/o blowing and in winning the toss Geelong started with an undoubted advantage Tho match began well, Geelong mai ing a v ¡gorong at tac I on the South Molbournu gull, mid tim backs of the local team had a lfvcT> timo Presently, how over, tho scene of hostilities was transferred to the Geelong territory and a Iclek from M Knight scored tho first behind for South Mell oui ne A futile attack on tho latter s post followed llicn, n free 1 lok being awarded to Geelong throu.h a Southerner holding tho leather, the ln.ll was sent woli forward, and Batley shot it through with great dt\ tent/ ttcoring first e,cat for Geelong Tills rouhcl tho bouth Melbourne) team ami til ey cardal tho war into tho enemy s quarters Burn«, getting tile ball ftoin Bushell, kicked fln.t goal for the local club amid most enthusiastic checriu.* After the 1 (ck off a Southerner stupidly mirked the ball to- nn opponent-in orroi, of course-bub nothing was made of the chanto Tho Geelong cap tain then got the ball, und stored first behind Matters were now even, and the gamo una renewed with increa ed vl"om, a smart downpour of rain damping tho attire of the two teams, but not theil ardour tor the game The chango W19 certalnlv mi Important otic to tho South Melbourne team hi one renntet, for the wind abated, but the rain made both ball and ground vtr¿ sllppco, and infused an c\tra m cas uro of chanco Into the tontest A stuart struggle in close quarters at tho Geelong end "ave M'hcnzlo an opportunity, but with out avail Pioscntl), however, the same plo>er gav c a good mark to J Minchin anda splendid long shot scored stcond goat to South Mel bon nie The Geelong mon were full) olivo to the, position and they carried the conflict to the Southerners end but the backs minaged b3 sklful pla> to prevent any mis thief After a good acal of up and dow 11 pia), tho Geelong men a^aln rushed the leather towards tho South Melbourne posts, aud as the result of a sharp struggle in w tilth some admirable plaj was shown 011 both sides Talbot kicked second t.oal for Geelong amid tho greatest excitement Again the score uns cqinl lhe ttmis were cvidentU well matched, Tor the pla} as w til as the souring w15 as a whole, rt markiblv even Tho Sojth Melbourne men clearlj reilised th it the} must look to their kurt Is, nnd some ¿rand pU> was now witnessed ho further ¿.oal was score ii b3 t iLhcr hide howextr during the rc->t of the Iii ft hilf nnd when the b li rang for a tunporuv ces ition of hostilities, tho facoro btood GtLlon _ goils 4 bthinds ^oiith Melbourne 2 »roats 2 hthiuds On the lesumptlon of p!a>, Matson re »catul tho 1 hin 1er of a bouth Melbourne man b> kit kin., the ball hi the wron,, direction and another behind was adlM to tho locals acore A «ceond b hind for South Mtdbourro made tho score agim crtuil and tlic e\ci ement becuiue intennc Itcid tried to score from a L,ood mark lut the coptun of tit Gc ton,! team eltvcrlj »topi ed the ball la thu course of a smart tussle, Burns and M heiuío got possession of tho leather, and tho latter kicked third gool for South Melbourne The next additions to tho score sheet wcro a behind for Geelong, and two for South Met bourne, and then Bums smartly scored fourth gool for tho latter team. lu tho course of somo pro mlscuous play, Geolong managed to score a be hind South Mcibourno tht.ii stormed thocnem)s posts but tho battle ground was quick.} changed to the other end, and Ufckinbotham kicked for goal, but tho ball struck ono of ton post* Sot oral bchinds wcro -cored beforo Um o was called but only o»o othcr goal, the fifth for South Melbourne, clever.} kicked b3 Bushell Tho game, therefore, ended In a victory for tho local team tho record showing 5 toals U bchinds for South Mclboumo a¿_iu 12 "oats and 9 bchinds for Geelong CVltLTON A MELBOURNE Tho Mcibourno and Carlton Clubs met for tho third timo this'.casou on the i-nendlv ¡societies ¿round on ¡saturday afternoon had. of tho previous contests resulted hi a 1ictory for tho Carlton team wr*o won tho lirst match by _ goals to 1, and tho second bv _ goals toi Considerable Interest was taken lu the result of tho final conflict but the threatening aspect of tho weather had the effect of reducing the number of spectators to ter} moderato proportions Carlton sent a strong team into tho Hold, the only absentee being Oller», whoso placo was well filled by Moir! mau Hragge a noted Carlton ph\or, who has been In Adclaido for somo timo was included In the tmm and his aypearauce on tlio -.round was greeted w ith a cheer ¡spooner in tlio absence of G Mtkcn cap tuned tho Melbourne men and linker led tho \ is tow The latter non tho to*,s, and sent their opponent-* to kiel ton ardsth*» western goal a_alust a stiff brccrc Carroll kiel ed off, and after a scnnimatre on tho south wing tho ball was carried uptothovicliiitv of the Mel boutuo goal, but it was quickly r_Uc\ ed The % UKors renewed the altac_ and s ored the first behind after which ltoss and Johnson forced tho ball ici ._ the field and To un sou had an unsuccessful kiel*, for coal from the w ing I or tho next le» minutes somo e\ en pin} nos witnessed, but the ball was eventual.} f,ot an at bt Carlton, who fore ed it ri,htupto tlio Mci bourne poit«* and Bra_ce scored tlio first goal for Carlton Kain now commenced to fall heavily but plav was continued The bali was sent to and fro for somo tuno without result, but it was at length uorl ed up to the north east corner from whence C Coulton, for Mell on ruc, undo a "ood kick forgoal the brill hit- ting the post After a time tho Lurlton captain t>eC irwl the ball from the centre and bj a running kick scored another behind w hah w as follow ed I y tu o othors in mphi Purees->ion Mcibourno mudo a deternilnud mil} but tho visitors rushed tho bill to the eastern end and W ikon kicked second goal for Callion At hilf time the kamo stood-Carlton _ goals ti Iwhinds Melbourne, J behimK Upon pla> iuing rcouiuc-, the Carlton immediately rushed thu hall towards tho Molbourno po ts whero Ilraggo secured n innrl and kicked th ni coal for tho t Uitors. Brat '?hav hi i a shotut Ibu Carlton posts aulpkiywas Ic.pt lu the bouth w e-=t coi m r Tor some tinu At length the ball was carried t>wards thu Cm Ron end and ltosj. ob tabling a mark hal un un-.ULCc6.--ful t-bot from nu alible Shortly nUcUvardsH lihou secured the bailout of a t»en m mai, 0 in the north weit corner, ran it up to the Melbourne posts and ueor*.d fourth coal tor Carlton bair I and Johnson bau «hots for L,oal but filled - Coulson immedlatel} afterwards ubuiineil a mark in fi ont of tlio Carlton pott* au 1 placing the lull it a dis tance of 1J vards 1 ickcd first goal for Melbourne The ball was at once eatrle I across tho field and Mern man kiel ed fifth goal for Carlton Hubbard had a place kiel, hut t»cnt the 1 ill a 3 ard w ide of the jwns Later on the same pi iver ol tallied another nur. at \\) janis distance an 1 succeeded in I iel ing second .,0aI for Melbourne Tho fccjus when tlio ¿.unie closed were -Carlton o coiH S behind» Mel bourne _ "oils ) boliiuds Tho most prominent platers among the winners wcro Hal er, BraPgo \\\ fison, J Cameron \\\ belan Cripp, M Ineriie} ana Ltydin whll t Cnrroll, CniHth "rat shay C Coulson, Uubbird Tucl fit,]1 and hu-Tlc.au did cood work foi Melbourne Mi J i M Íven¿iu letcd as central umpire 1 «SENDOS \ USUU^m This match took place on the UiiEvirsitv Cricket ground on Siturdav afternoon Powell of L-Ktulon, won the toss from C Cussen mid elected to klee from tho Ormond Col!.Í,G end with the advantage of acoolbrccz AfUr somo men j laj in tho centre C-fe-iidon. ru-dicd the ball down to tho Unlv en-It} eti 1 and lout, getting a mark von much to tho suit r-OJiucd first goal A abort time nftenvards M -slimu hi cured the Second goil for Lsscudon by a good straight kiel Tile ball w is kept in thu centre of the groundforthoiiovt-Omlnutcs. I*s, eildon then prevailed once more and oxchai Mug souiu neat little mirks uartin eventually got tho ball and b\ another kick very much from tho sida score I the third goaf*, 1 rom this out till tho end of tho hilf tho gamo was moro even, tho University on one occasion sending tba ha 1 between thu post* but It wa* previous!} touched In tho second half, nst- oou as the ball was tin-own up Lsscudon carried It to their opponents goal, mid 1 rands had ntl ca y shot but tho 'mil hit the post Sot u minuto afterwards M Shane cot a se 11 closer maik, but ho also was unfortunate e iou"h to hit tlio poht _ho University bucks chiefly through tho ngenty of by mo and Thom son, then manured to relieve tho pressure Coir got a running Bhot for tho Univcr-lty, and secured first goal for his side* AS tho outcome of some clever little marking Essendon secured a fourth goal and shortlv after« irds tho Un Ivors, tv got tho ball in front of their oppononts posts and Uoccrs of the University, reaching it, di ove it through tims making tho second score for his side from this out no moro toals were kiel ed rho final îcsult tva3 La cudon 4 goats University, 2 goals lor tlio former Malford Martin, Wilson i carson, Pike, Aitken and Moline distinguished themselves while for University Cussen (enptiln) 1 »5 1 houison, -vmc, Shaw lower, Corr, Paul, li orno worked liant to avert defeat. RICHMOND V HOTHAM The first match of the season between the Rich- mond and Hotham Clubs took place on Saturday. A previous match had been arranged, but in conse- quence of unfavourable weather it did not take place. The attendance on Saturday was meagre. Mr A. Buncle was captain of the visitors; Mr G/ Smith led the home team, and Mr J. J. Trail was central um- pire. Hotham kicked off, and some good play on both sides was shown for a little time. Richmond appeared to be the superior team, and after long- continued perseverance, Wells managed to kick for them the first goal. Shortly afterwards Hotham scored a behind. Hems also got the chance of a good kick, and the ball narrowly missed going between the Rich- mond posts. Tankard got possession of the ball, which he passed to Houston, who neatly scored first goal to Hotham. Up to half time only a few be- hinds were made on either side, the game then standing:-Hotham 1 goal 6 behinds; Richmond, 1 goal 5 behinds. The second part of the game was not very exciting. It was evenly contested, and resulted only in the addition of a few behinds, the final score being-Richmond. 1 goal 10 behinds; and Hotham, 1 goal 10 behinds. rn7uo_ v soum HALLARAT Tho South Ballarat team which has scored several wins In Mcibourno during the earlier part of tho Bcason on Saturday opjioscd 1 itzrov on tho Fitzroy cricket-,,round Ballarat won tho toss, and nt -0 minutes past J tho ball was scut oil in a westerly direction ty the local men A few minutes after tlio start tlio tain fell heavily, and niado the ball un wieldy and the giouud d lui cult foi running Tho ball wai kept for a Ion j time on tho 1 itzrov side of half wu), and rcpoited at tac 1 s wcro made on their opponents goal by South Ballarat, but the stcadv play of tho backmeti prevented more than J goil in I S bchinds being kicked annlust them in tho first hah . Iho j,oat was kiel ed In au easy manner by M'Cubc M hen tho half tinto belt was run.; tho fitzroy had secured seven btihlmts Soon after play was resumed Worrall who led the I itzroy team, obtained a muk and kiel ed the llr»t goil for his side ( itrroy had the gamo w eil in hand during the remainder of tho play and added U bchinds to their score The South Iii Unrat made several rallies but when the hall was passed to their opponents end only two iichlnds icsultcl Shortly : beforo timo was called \\\ orrall ad led tho second, and winning _oal to tho tcoro of his team Tlio final scores wcro- Htztov, 2 c,oals J) bchinds, South Ballarat, 1 L.00110 bchinds Mr J Shaw was ccutral umpire _ \\\ ILLI VltSTOWK \ NORTH PARK (23) Tho match between the above clubs was played at thu Gardons reserve Williamstown on Saturduv in tho prcseiico of a largo number of spectatci s depitu tho cold and showery weather Tho "minc finally ended-North Park, 1 i,oal 8 bell mil 3 \\\ illianistow n, IJ behinds. lor the winners lorbc«, llushrord M Kenzle Barn Tallen Allan L o^, and Arness pln<> ed splendidly ami with the rest of their team, deserve credit for thcif_.il lound plav while, for the lo-îers loiiea (two) Smith Morroll Scrivcn^er, Litchfield, la} tor, and Laming v orked hard to save defeat. South larra and Hawksburn met on Saturday on 1 neutral -round, an \ with 30 men a.Ido, tho result being a v loton for bourh "\ nrr 1 by -1 t,oiLs-kicked bv Abphiwall Meiry mid I rcem intle («)-uni 11 behinds to 2 bchinds tor tho winners Stewart, Coll io Rusden nud M I cod pla\cd n emtid game ns dkl M hcii- ie, Marsden, Lort due and Little for Hawks burn 1 aiabow \ West End at tho Roy al pari on Satur day, resulted after a îou.h and even match in a victory for thu latter bv _ ¡,onls to Rainbow s 1 nonl Ibu follow Im, matches wero also plated on bitur dny -Hotham (second twenty) l j,o ila X » bchinds v Pall dide 1 behind, South St Kilda t North Bruns wick rcbiiltcd in a victory for the lutter bv 3 L.01N S bchinds to 1 coal Westend 2 toals (Heed) 1 bchinds v Rainbow l f,oal j behinds LiVCKOSbl south 'S. arnv v Fitrro} -This match plav ed on the Fitzroy ground on baturdav resulted in a win for tho former dub hy ouo goal Ino local pla} ers commenced jliy with two mon ab ont atti tho visitors lnd piad 1 a, goal to their credit thrown b> Cuddv beforo ono of tho al suit ones had put la au appearance During the tulanca of tho nntili the Htzray were pla}Ingold} 12 men Iho lirst li ill consisted of alteinvtn rallies 01 loth Biles and it waa drawing to a close whan lnekett scored llrst gull lor Ht?ro} In the mian tinto tho defence ut both ends had been kept hard it it and tho shot* for goal liad been good and numerous saino being stopped onl} b} tho goal keepers Just 1 eloro h vlf timo w as tailed Trickett seaurcd a Et coud _,oal and shortly after resuming brownrigg also scored ono for tho 1 itzro} Iho Soutli Yarra hail thus n hard uphill 1U,ht for it but so well did thov organise their forces that after sonio g,ood all round plnv on both sides ¡u which each "oal In turn had bien in danmor Mollison scored two goals in suu CC&ÜÍOU Tho pla} then licetinie general an I a hard stru^glo for the viotory cusutd when M'halgo Juflt li fore timo was called stored tho winninn goa) Whoru bttehgood pla} was shown ft Is dlllicult to singlo out any ono pla} or Tor Bpeeial mention 1 ach did his best to obtain tho victory lor his rospcetlvo club Collingwood v Melbourne (reds) at Albert pirl on bciturdnj proved an cas) netorv tor Colline, wood win obla ned 0 (,oals to nil Tliu Jlel bourne wiro at a diBidiontago in having some of their defeneo mon absent their plates belli). Ulled bj new plavtrs. Jlelbouruo won the to s, nnd tool advanUeo of a strong nortlierlj wind In tho first In» Catlach scored the onlj goal his plaj In .ho centra being first class In tho second half tho Lolllneuooii pla}«1 their usual man to man stile while the Holbourne spoiled tholr efforts ttgrcit deal in not thro»bli. the lall Rhine, too inneh on their running pon ere Collliigw ood quid ly obtained ho 2 goal, thrown b} A Coal J Baelie o , third J Vi ¡Malus fourth an 1 N Loch llith goal Goldsmith Coleiitrv, lieech lo\ (two) Elliss Ho} nolds ond Merrilees worl c1 hird foi Melbourne while Cattach Colo (two) II itehlMii and liatthclor apptarcd in tliclr best form for Collingwood LAWN i UN MS Tim MCC HANDICAP lu the second round of this tontest colquhoun beat CoMllo b} 1 to J ind Herrin, bent 1) Little lu to 8 In the third round C olqul omi heit V. llcckett 10 to 4 Herring beat lions Id to II Di} les leal M Dougall lu to U Tho draw for the fourth round took place and Coquhoun meets Herring Bailes meets eithei Iliddell or Spn" io the tw o latter not 1 av ing plaj c 1 tliclr match for tho third round vilthui th i time a] pointe It was provioiiHlv rc| orte I that J h el Smith beat &K;¡,ory b} 1J to J This should hav o been 1J to li Nomads v Port Mell oiirn -Messrs Do Little nu I Icmpriere (Norna Is) I cat Messrs Altrnctli} an I Dcruaai (Port Melbourne) b> 10 to u and Messrs Graham and Xetlioreott bv lo to 2 Messrs. Bostock: and Ldmondson (Nomads) wera beaten by Messrs. Graham and Xcthcrcott by 10 to 5. and by Mes«. Ahcrnuth} and Dcrham by 10 to 5. Xomads, .¡0 ; Port Melbourne, 25. Pla} ed at Port Melbourne oa Saturday. TENNIS. For Iho pnrcs reeontlv offered hy Mr. Blackwood, a scries of matches have been held, with tho follow- ing results :-First Bound.-15. Cornish rocelv mg 15 for a bisouo, heat K. Mitcholl ; Trav era giv ing 15 and a bisque, beat Hogg; O. Buckle} ginne 15, beat J. Bussell ; S. Smith receiving 15 and a bisque, neat Webster; J. B. Box giving SO and a bisque, beat O'shanassy. Second Round.-Buckley receiving JJ and a nlsquo, beat Bos ; Trav ora scratched to Suntu, and Cornish socurod tho b}e\ Third Bound - Cornish receiving half fifteen and 2 bisques, licit Buckley; Smith secured the bj c. The Ilnal mattb between Cornish and Smith was pla}cd on saturday before a largo compon} of spectators, including Ills Excellency tho Governor and Lady Loch, and tho Bishop of Molbourno and Mrs. Moorhouse. Cornish won threo sot« to one, but his opponent, although overmatched, played with courage. Ever} ono present iooincd to tako great Interest in tho game, nlthough mam- do not quito understand 'ffc'nerl cacica. Unfortunate!}, the light in tho toflrtwaa very bad, in consequencoof tho sky being overcast, and without doubt the play would havo been much better had the c'ouds been less dense. CRICKET. The second annual general meeting of the Gwen rose Cricket Club was held on Friday night in the Boundary Hotel, East Melbourne. The balance sheet was read and adopted, and the following office bearers elected for the ensuing season-Presidents, Messrs. Mark Moss and Oliver McLean ; vice-presidents. Dr. G. Rothwell Adam, and Mr. Jenkin Collier ; patrons, Messrs T. Anthony, D. Blair, G. G. Brown, W. H. Tuckctt, and M. Benjamin ; captain, Mr. A. K. Dyer ; vice captain, Mr. P. Elliot, hon, secretary, Mr. F. J. McGuigan , hon. treasurer, Mr. S. Ander ton ; general committee, A. E. Dyer, P. Elliot, Is. Anderson, B. K Travis, F. Jacomb. 