CONFiRMATi(DN IN ST. JOSEPITS,/ BAL '' ' ' MAIN WEST. - !.,/,//,;;;? On Wednesday, about 150 (in which .number 30 adults, were included) received the Holy .Sacra ment. Before, ;, the ? administration his- Gra'ee examined the children to be, confirmed in the . Catechism, and. was highly pleased with their effi ciency./ / MivC. ;Cayanagh, and/Miss; M..Mahony :were sppnsprs for tne boys and girls respectively. During the ceremony the choir sang theVeni .Creator, and after- the ceremony they sang the Laudate '? Domine, and Faith of Our . Fathers. ;The Archbishop . complimented : the teachers and children, and reminded them/that notwithstahd ing they knew a good deal of the Christian Doc trine there were many things for them still to learn, and the more they -learned about their Holy Reli-' gion. the, more they would be induced to, the.prac tice .and exercise of piety . He then preached an eloquent sermon on the mercy of God. /The Arch bishop said that mercy was not power, and that , when ; we spoke. of the mercy of God. we did not speak of His omnipotence, but of something that rested on Hisiomnipptence, for God's mercy rested on His omnipotence. His/ Grace then went on to show God's mercy, illustrating in the Gospel parables.of the Lost Sheep, the Prodigal Son, and ,St. Mary Magdalene, and ended with a prayer to the Blessed Virgin that she might throw her mantle of protection over those who were con .firmed, and that the seven-ifold gifts of the Holy. Ghost might be preserved for ever in their hearts. The church was, literally packed by the parents and friends of those confirmed, many Protestants being present. The greatest decorum was observed by children , and congregation generally. ', ! ! A- word ;of praise may appropriately /be said of the Sisters pf the Good Samaritan,, who teach the Cate chism in .'connection with: St. Joseph's, and , who were present amongst the children. ; Dr.. O'Haran, Dean Leonard, Pere Gafavel, and the pastor, Father :O'Reillyi ^assisted.. The children were all , beautifully, dressed in; white. // ;', ;;, ;,,.,.'.',!,',;., i 