OLIVER'S BRIDE. A NOVEL By Hbs Oliphant. CHAPTER IV. Tbe room was email and dingy : oppoiite to the \- door an old-fashionid tent bed hang with curtains cl a huge-patterned obintz, immense flowera on n black ground, a osndle atundlng oa a smell table by the bedside, another faintly blinking (rom LQO IU«UWJJJI«19C| kUQ va el AA1CB9 ui ovei/vuinp around bringing into fuller relitf the whiteness of tbe bed, the pillowe heaped up to sapport a real- lots head, a worn and ghaetly faca, with large glcsming eyes, whiok seemed to have an in dependent, reitleu life of their own. The face bad been pretty when Wentworth had known it first, It was ecatcely recognisable now. The ch:ek honea had beooms prominent, the lower part of tbe face worn away almost to nothing, tha eyas enlarged in their hollow caves. She looked aa she bad been eaid to bl — dying, except thst tin light in ber eyes a poke of a neoret force which might be fever, or might be because they were the last citadel of life. Bat, though ehe looked at the last extremity of exlatmce, a few efforts had been made to ornament and adorn the dying creature, efforts wh'.ch added unspeakably, horribly, to the ghastly look of her face. Tbe collar of her nightdress bad been folded over a pink ribbon, leaving bite en emaciated throat, round which was a little gold chain, euspending a locket; and her hair, a till plen tiful and pretty, tbe one human decoration which does not fade, was carefully dressed, though some what disoidersd by tb« continual motion of her resrireinesa, It was all horrible to Wentworth, death maiquerading in the poor, little vanities which wise so unspeakably mean and small in cmparison with that mBjsety ; and all to pieaaa him, God help the forlorn creature, to make her lock as when be had praised her prettinesi, Bhe from whom every prcttinete, every possibility of pleat lug, had gone. She held ont be two hands which were worn to ikin and bone, " Oh Oliver, my Oliver 1 oh I knew be would corne, O i, didn't I say he wculd come ?" ibe cried, Wentworth could not but take the beny fingers into bia own. He saw that it was expected he should kisi her, but that was impos- lihle. Ha sat down in the chair which had been placed foi him by tbe b?d9ide. " I am very aorrj to see you bo ill, my poor girl," be raid, "Ill's not tho word, Mr Wentworth, she's dying. She hasn't above an honr or two in this world," eaid tire mother, or tha women who took a mother's place. He gavo her a Io:k of horrified r iproach, with f-c- usu-.l butnan seore that it is cru>l to announce tbis f<ct too clearly, » I hope it is not quite so bad as that." " Y'cs, Oliver ; oh, dear Oliver, yes, yes," said the sick woman, "This is— my lest night— on coth," Bhe spoke with difficulty, paus.og and p nting b.tweon the words, her thin lips distended witn a smile, the smile (he coald not help re- memfcuing) iba: had always been a little urtifi. C'fcl, pi 01 girl, at her be9t. Bu) even at that awfnl moment sh» was endeavouring to charm him still (be felt wilh horror) oy the means which she sap- oted to have cbaim&d; him in tbe past. "Tell him. mother, tell him. I hava't got — the strength." She put cut her hands for his hand, which ha could not refnee, though her tonoh made him shiver, ar.d lay looking at him, smiling, with tbat awfol attempt at f"8uinaUsn. He covered bia eyes vith hia dbea>rrged band, half because of the honor in his soul, half that he might not see her face, ' Mr Wentworth," said the alder woman, "my pocr child, sir, she's got one la-k wish," the bony hands closed open hla with a feeble, yet anxious pierfure as tbis was said. "Yts, What ie it? If it is anything I can do for her tell me. I will do anything that can pro- core ber a mrment's pleasure," he said. Fatal words to say ! bat he mtant them fnlly— eutol pity first, aud also ont of a burning deeir.-, at any oosi, to get mv.y, Asy thing for tbat I H- would have willingly given the halt of what he p06sef eed only to getaway from this place — tore- lorn to 'he life he had left, lo hear tbis woman's Bbmo no more. Once more the wsst'd hands pressed his, and she gave a little cry. " I knowed it— alwayB — mother, I told yon." " Hu#b, hush, de»r. Don't yon wear yourself out. Y'ou'll want all yoar strength, HrWent- wottb, I didn't expect no lees from a gentleman like you, If Bhe hsm't been all she might have been, poor dear, though I don't want to blame you, air, you're not the one as should Bay a word, for it vat all out of lovo fcr yon." Wentworth had it not in him to be crnel, bnt he drew his hand almost forcibly from between the girl's fevoriBh hands. " What ia the use of enter ing k to such a qnr='Er.n !" ho said. "I do not b atcfc her. Let the p.st nlone. What can i do Li he: tow ?" He bi d risen op, rie teimined to make his escape at ailh-.zatds ; bu; th- littb cry she gave had so much psiu in it r- . U beet wr.a touched. He sa: down ag.-.in. r,,- : i,au;d eoflly the poor hand tbst i6y en tho w - " My poor girl, I don't want to hurt yen,'' -aid. " Y'ou m inn' i be ' a to her," said the mother. "How would you ' k n tbinkthatpoor thiug had gore miserable ro or !vj »;orld to complain of you, eir, before t rie ; hrons I Not as she'd have the hturt to dn i: - .e thinks there is no one like jou, whstiv-r y-.j may say to her. Mr Went worth, there's jufi ' 'hug yon can do for her. kkko an honict sr ot her, sir, befoie she difs." " What? " said 'A'-.... ' ;iih, springing once more to his iret. He >. : rimiy, vaguely understood what ehe meant, - .'or n moment as if ht bad fallen into an «i'u», cs if he had beoo trapped in a den or cnieves, He thonght he saw a mac's head appearing at the door, and heard whisperings and footsteps on the stairs. This it wag tbat picdaoed tho r -omentiry iary of bis cry ; bat Iben he regained control cf himself, and look ing lound saw no one but the dying girl on th6 bed, and the elderly woman standing in front of him, looking at him with dopiecating yet earnest eyee. "It's a great dial," said tha woman, "and yet it'i nothing. It's what will never harm yon one way or another, what nobody will know, nor Tie able to cast in your tveth — that won't cost you anything (txcept maybe a bit of a fee) ; and yet It'i eveiything to her. It would make all ths difference between going cut of this world honest and creditable and going in her shame— which it was you that hronght he: to it. "That's a lie," said Oliver. Was it to be sup posed he could thir k ol civility at such a moment ? A desparato tremor etixe-i hold upon him. He got up snd turned, half blinded with horror and ex- citement, towards tha a oor. "I am here," he eaid, " because— becauto— " Ab, because — why? What could he say? He ' bad meant to be kind — io make up to her, anyhow, he could rsot tell hew, for tho feot tnas he was happy end she dying. He stood arrested with those words upon his lips which he could not say, half turned from her, facing tho door, as if he would have broken away. And ihen there came a low, despairing cry from tbe bed, the cry as of a lost creatore, " Oh, Oliver, Oliver 1 yon loved nib once.' Oh, don't go and leave me. You loved me, and I loved yon." Hewonldhave cried out that it was false ; bnt the breathless voice, broken by panting that soondfd like the last struggle, the voice of the woman who was dying, while he was full of life and force, silenced him in spite of himself. The mother bad flown to her to raise her head, to glvo ber something from a glass on the fable, and he too turned again awj-stricken, thinking tbe last moment bad come. _ . n "And you cat stand snd see her like this, sard the woman by the bedside in a low tone. " You that are well and. itrong, and have the world before yon, and let hex go ont of it at five-arid- twenty, a girl as yon made an idol of once, a girl 8b jou have helped to bring to this, and won't lift a finger to satisfy her beforo she dies, to give ber what she waniB, and what wilt make her happy for the last honr before she dies," Tbe girl trnly was past epeeoh, Bhe lay back against hex mother's breast, her own worn and emaciated shoulders heaving with convulsive struggles for the departing breath, Bhe could not speak, bnt those eyes which were so living while she was dying, turned to him with a look of such appeal, such entreaty, that ho could not bey the light. They were large with fever and weakness, liquid and clear and dilated, as the eyes of the dying often axe, like two at»rs glowing out in sndden light, from tho pale night of her face' He could not endnre the dumb entreaty in them. He cried out, " What do yon want me to do I with -despoil in hia voice, and a senBe that whatever tbey asked of him he conld not now xefnse. "To do hex justice," said the mother. "-Oh, Tba cxciorive rlglu of oub!io»tlonin New Boat'; "J»« has been patcbaied by tbe oxoprfators of tbe dbjt xcio- > graph." Mr Wentworth I te make np to her for all she's ' enffared. To make her an honest woman before j she dies," The girl's dying lipe moved, bnt no Bound was j hoard ; she still kept that terrible smile, and her eyes held him with that prayer, too intense for J words. Oliver turned away his bead not to see , them, then turned back again, as if in them there wag gome spell. A passionate impatience pricked | hiB heart ; for it was not true, They had not been j io e2ch other what was said. Love I love wat too ; grand a word to be mentioned hare at all. It had j been ntter folly or worse, it had not been love. She had been too slight for such a word ; bnt eha wss not too slight for death. For no seal is too mean or poor; and death is as great as love is, tnd compels respect. He said in an un natural, stifled voice, "Whatever yon want from me — tbis is not tbe— the time. There is nothing to be done to-night— and after to- night " — he conld sot say the words — he waved his hand towards the bed, She was dying now— now — before their eyes, " I know what yon mean," eaid the mother with dreadful calm, "Sha wont last ont tha night. Very likely she won't, bnt that's what nobody knows except ber Maker. If she don't, yon can't do nothing, and nobody here will say a word. But if she do ? Give her yoar word, Mr Want- worth, as youH marry her to-morrow if Bha lives, snd she'll die happy. She'll die happy ; whether it comes to anything, or whether it don't— Mr W mi worth, eir, do for tbe love of God." _ The girl recovered a little, gasping breath, I'll die happy, I'll die happy, whether it comes to anjthitg— " Even this little rally showed mora and mote the nearness of the end. He had shrank at the word " marry " as if it had been a blow aimed at him, but he conld not escape from the tragio persistence ot those eyes. And overwhelmed as he was, a little hope stirred in 1 him. He said to himself, "3oe can never live till to morrow." Why should he resist if words would meke her happy ? for she was surely dying, and she never conld take him at his word. " If tbat is all, I will promise," ho said. , Tho light in her eyes seemed to give a leap ot joy and tiinmpb, then closed, with flickering eye lids, te thought for ever. Ho cried ool involun tarily, and made a Btep nearer to tho bed. When ber eyes were closed sbe looked like one who had been dead a day ; nalhiDg but a faint convulsive hsave of (he ehonlders ehowing that there was life in her still, Tbe mother bosied herself about the half- unconscious creature, patting the cordial within ber lips, supporting the head against her own breast, "Yon will have an eiey bargain," the said, as she went on with these cares, " but any how we'll bless yon for what yon say. Matilda, give me tbe drops the doctor left lor her when she icjt faint. 6he's very low now, poor dear. Mr Wentwortb's behaving like a gentleman, as yon always eaid he would. He has promised to marry her to-morrow morning, if she livos. She'll not live, hot she's satisfied, poor dear !'' Matilda hid come 60 softly into the room that -he startled him at if sbe bad been a ghost. " I kne w as he would do it when be saw how bid she wss; hut, Lord, what do it matter to the poor thing now ?" This was bis own opinion, In a few minntes more there wbb a bnstle downstairs which Matilda i prcncnnced to be the doctor coming, and Went worth went down to wait until he had prid his visit. Tbs little parlonr below had one candle horning in it, for the benefit ot those who neat and came, The yonng man was left there for a few minntes alone. To describe the condition in which he was is impossible. His heart was beating with a dull noise against his breast. Ail tbat had been so bright to him a little while bifore htd become black as n'ght. He coald not think ; only contemplate what was befote him dumbly, with horror and disgnat and fear. He baa given a pledge, bnt it was a pledge that never wculd call loi fu.filment— no, no, it never coald be fulfill! d— it would be like a nightmare, a dread ful dream, from which he would awake by- and- bye and find tbe snn shining and all well. After a while be heard the doctor's heavy loot corns clapping down the wooden staircase. He was angty with the mun for having so little delicacy, for making eo much noise when his patient wan dying, Piesently, he came in to give hia bulletin to tbe gentleman, whom he perceived at once to be somehow very deeply conoernod. " Last the night ? No, I don't think she'll last the night ; bnt yoa n&ver; can tell exactly with such nervons snbjecte. She might pat on a Bpurt and come round again for a little while." " Then," said Wentworth, with a sense tbat ho wbb acquiring informationlciandeetinely, "thete ia no hope of anyipermanent recovory I" The doctor laughed him to scorn. Iths had ?ot been a parish doctor, accustomed to very poor patients and their ways, he would not have allowed bimeelf to langh in sachciraamitancas. " When she hts not above half a lung, and her heart is — but you don't understand the-io matters per' app. Bbe msy make a rally for r. few hours, but i doubt if she will see out the night." After tbis Wentworth went home to tho eltsed-np chambers, wbere nobody expected htm, and to which he got admittance with difficulty. He had to walk miles, be thought, through those dreadful streets, all like each other, all gleaming with the wet, before ho could even find a cab There wat no strength left in him. He went on and on mechanically, and might, he thought, have been wandering all night, but that tbe eight ot a vacant cab, which be know he wanted, brought bim back to a dnlt sense of thenecesiity of shelter. Tbe cold rooms, so vacant and unprepared, which were just shelter and no more, were scarcely an improvement upon the mechanical march and movement which deadened his mind and made Aim lt£s itnsibla of bis terrible position. It had been arranged tbat if she were still alive in the mc:ninga messenger was lo be sent to bim, and ib&t; lien he wss to take tho necessary steps to I ridcim bis pledge. Bat he Baid to himself that it wss impcssille — tbat she could not lire till morning. It was a hotriblo moment for a man to go through— a man whose life had blossomed into such gladness and prosperity. Bat still, if he cculd bnt be sure that nothing worse was to come of it— and what could comeot it when the doctor himself was all bnt certain that she conld not saa cut the night ? (to be continued,) 