Australian Elves. (fOB AUSTRALIAN BOYS AND GIRLS.) By 44 Atka Antbsr of "Living or Dead," "Fire," "Gadabout i'apers," "Up the Walkato," "Maoris and PaLrhas, ' " Brandon Westlake," eta., eta. Baron Thimble. A winter night, with a thick fog rising above the Siudndge marshes, and spreading itself over the City of Melbourne. P«opte releaud from toil wore hurrving hum,- an tea ai.'.i a Lk-aiunt fiirs?iue. Oviiera, neither to a nor spiu, and had no home or fireside, glided slowly and noisdessly through the mist like ghosts, or stood shivering before the damp window panes, or lit up shops and dining rooms, feasting their hungry eyes on the good things within. Bu-iness in the City was very dull, and money very scarce. Money is scarce at all times with a great many mortals, I am aware, but the present depression was felt fiverv where throughout the enli-»nir_ Tom Brock, the barber, standing in his little shop, at the corner of Gertrude street, Fit/.roy, Lit the hardness of the times as keenly as any member of the community, kiaimuch as Tom had a large family of growing children to provide for, and cus tomers had been anything but numerous of late. Indeed, the poor shaver was beginning to think that the primeval fashion of suffering the h lir and beard to grow in wild luxuri ance on the heads and faces of his race had become the order of the day, and from henceforth he could exclaim with Shake speare's gallant Moor — Othello's occupation's gene. On this winter night the barber was alone in his shop, busy stropping his razors, foe want of more lucrative employment. Like most of his craft, Tom Brock was a great talker. It was part and parcel of his stock and trade ; and, by the way, it is wonderful to note upon what & variety of subjects barbers can talk. Our hero was no exception to the rule in this respect. Having no one in the place to engage in conversation, he ceased stropping, and gazing into the large mirror opposite, addressed himself to what he saw there with a charming irony in his tone. 44 You'rs a handsome fellow, Tom Brock ; a very pretty fellow indeed, only I'm afraid looks won't go for much in this case. Here you are from S o'clock this morning, and you've almost earned Is. 6d., according to the multiplication- table. Just fancy the splendid sum of Is. 6d. per diem, sir, for the maintenance of eleven persons. Father, mother, and nine youDg Brocks, whose ap petites this cold weather are something to astonish Soyer, the Frenchman. Don't smile at sir ; I'm in no hamour for jesting. Humph, how foolish to try and quarrel with one's shadow. Yet I've known men do that before to-night." He settled himself down with a sigh in the easy chair, and crossed his legs one over the other. 44 1 wonder if the portrait and the superscription of Her Majesty the Queen is still upon the coinage of this realm? " couinued the barber at the image in the mirror. " It's such a time since I handled a golden coin that, upon my life, I almost forget what one is like ; perhaps that is the reason why I feel such an uncon trollable desire to look upon one at this moment. Nay, not one , but several ; in abort, several hundreds. Pooh, what rubbish you're talking, Tom Brock. You penniless rascal." The poor barber smiled at the idea of the thiDg, and the fellow in the mirror smiled In company. 44 Ready cash is a very handy thing to have at one's command, especially when it is urgently needed as in my case," said Tom, looking sternly at Ms reflection. 44 I've often heard fellows sneer at money, and call it strange names ; yet I've noted that these same revilers were always mighty eager to gather it in when tbey have sat opportunity. Moreover, I" Brock the barber paused suddenly in his soliloquy. For he beheld within the radios of the looking-glass another form besides ths reflection of himself. A little man, with a peculiar cast of face and features, stood behind the chair, with his arms akimbo, and bis old-looking head on one side, listening greedily to the barber's utterances. 44 Good eveninff. sir." said Tom. starting to his feet. 44 Cold night? " The little man only grinned like a monkey in reply, 44 Shave or hair cut, sir ? " asked the barber, rubbing his lean hands with profes sional expectancy. 44 Shave ?" echoed the customer in a voice like a croaking raven. 44 Do I look as if I Wanted shaving? No man shall take me by the ncse, and I know you can't shave with out doing that." " No offence, sir. Shall I cut your hair ? " Yes, Tom Brock. Cut it short, very short.' And the wee fellow chuckled heartily as he divested himself of a cloak, in 'hicb he had been wrapped from head to heel, and seated himself in the chair before the mirror. The new-comer, although very small for his age, was quite cool and self- posseaeed. He gave all manner of directions respecting the mode in which he required his hair trimmed. Made faces at the glass, tud laughed at the grimaces reflected therein. Tom Brock bad many queer customers during the twelve years he had been in busi ness, but he had never seen such a quaint small mite of & man as this one before him. fe fixing the wrapper about his shoulders, Aom could scarcely repress an exclamation T surprise at the colour and texture of his uompanion's apparel. Of what material Were they composed? Cloth, tweed, silk, Ihe light o! republication within this colony reserved. cotton ? No. Mortal warp or weft never manufactured such fabrij. Some otr unpC?l' ' aad yrious, as many unexpUmed things we see aroniid us, had, perchance, woven these articles. For in this lower world there are cloaks much less a flry'fi 3fcrkiu> cloaks lor which Dr. Johnson and his followers have been unable to find a name, but which are lives PeDSa 10 many ot " ®ur daily Had the barber been less engaged in takiug stock of »he iiiauuer aud appearance ot his strange customer, he might have discovered at once tha w to shorten this feuow s hair was an utter impossibility, 1 «r as fast as the keen scissors Severed , Kiv i.Mig Ls,-Vv >h particles Jtcanie i jslsiii-ly at- Cococd gaiLs. The barbers eyes were too intent watching the grimaces in the mirror to observe the start" ling fact. Been long in the colony, sir ?" in sinuated he, by way of opening a conver sation. The wee man chuckled mightily, and narrowly escaped having a portion of his ear severed by the barber's sharp scissors. 44 1 know the colony, Tom Brock," he TWTlilA/l _ XTn nnA Knffa> Ji r V W4AV WvWfeJli JLLOiy llCvj Uda The hairdresser was staggered, but he came again to the charge. 44 Beautiful hair, yours, sir ; fine, and soft as silk. It doesn't seem to be much shorter after all I've cut off." " Cut it very short, Tom, Ho, ho, ho." V Xery sir," said Tom, not relishing his customer's disagreeable laugh. 44 It's very dull indeed for you, Tom Brock," answered the wee man, with a knowing leer. 44 Why for me, sir ?" 44 Because the lease of your shop expires next Monday, Tom, and you haveu't a penny saved to renew it. That's why," responded the customer quiet1 y. Some people, when they are astonished, can be tumbled over with a feather, but it would have taken a blow from a large waddv to have knocked our hero down. He appeared rooted to the boards, and his eyes and mouth opened considerably. 44 Yery good, sir, you're a wizard ; perhaps you have no objection to tell me what I had for dinner to-day," ejaculated Tom, when he found the use of his tongue, 44 Not in the least. You hadn't anything, my friend. Your mind was not upon eating to-day, but rather the consideration of where boots for the children are to come from — a bonnet for Mrs. B. likewise, the cash for your business, eh ? Care has taken away your appetite, Tom. Ha, ha. I know. No one knows better than Thimble. Thafs me." The comb and scissors fell from the barber's hand to the floor. 44 Want to know anything else, Tom Brock ?" asked the visitor. "Nothing mere, thank ye," replied the? barber in a bewildered tone. 44 Listen to me then." And the little fellow faced about in the chair. 4 1 am Baron Thimble, of Faydell Twilight. Ours is a vast kingdom in the centre of Australia, ot which very little is known by man. The Anglo-Saxon has penetrated into every corner of the known globe, and thrust his inquisitive nose into the socket of the north pole, but he has never set foot in the land of twilight. Now I need your services, Tom Brock, and if you will promise to go with me I wil reward you handsomely." 44 Twilight, " repeated the barber thoughtfully. 44 1 never heard fmention of such a country before. " 44 1 trow not, Tom Brock," replied Baron Thimble smiling. 44 Nevertheless it is a great realm, whose people have often visited these cities reared on the sea border. Thou art poor, andUn need, and faith, I repeat,. I have need of thee." 41 How long will you require me ?" 44 For just one moon. No more." 44 And the reward?" inquired Tom eagerly. 4 4 Two hundred golden coins. " 44 Thank you, I am at your service. Stop ! Is Twilight far, Baron Thimble ?" 44 Yes, but our conveyance will he swift, and safe. Thou wilt go ?" 44 With the greatest pleasure, sir." 44 Enough. Here are 100 sovereigns in part payment of my promise." And the Twilight nobleman drew forth a heavy Surge, and counted the money into the arbera palm. "Go home at once, and bank the cash with thy wife, men meet me afterwards on the right bank of the River Yarra, beyond the Lunatic Asylum. You understand?" And the Baron, chuckling to himself, folded his poncho about his person, aud strode out of the doorway. Tom Brock could hardly believe but what the whole affair had been a joke. There lay the money though. That was real enough. And he felt it was no joke to have it in his possession. So he packed up his shaving appliances in a bag, closed his shop, and went home to his better half. Next week we will be able to show how he fared on his journey to Twilight, and what he saw there. 