HER ENGAGEMENT RING. Fannie Gerrard had been engaged to be married to young Dr. Harry Ray, mond, the nephew of a wealthy New York physician, whose -extensive prac- tice was expected to soon, descend to his young relatives. In the meantime Harry went off on a long sea voyage with an invalid friend, leaving a betro- thal ring on the little white hand of the lovely girl who had promised to be his wife when he returned. The ring was handsome, and unique, with its splendid solitaire, and their combined initials in tiny diamonds em- bedded inside the golden hoop ; and of course Fannie valued it for its beauty as well as for th love of which it was the pledge. But when news came to her that the ship in -which her lover sailed had not been heard of for many weeks, and that it was considered lost, having entered southern latitudes, where a terrific hurricane had done fearful damage, then the ring be- came a sacred thing to her as the last gift of the dead. Fate had brought other trials to the poor girl since the loss of her lover. Her father had died, and subsequently her mother's money, upon which they were almost dependent, had been swal- lowed up in a bank failure. It became necessary for Fannie to eke out the small remaining income by turning her accomplishments to ac- count. It was then that the thought of part- ing with the precious ring occurred to her for the first time, although all her other jewels had gone long since. The idea came to her with a sharp pang that was almost an agony, but having come to her, it became a settled purpose. "I need no reminder to keep me true to his memory,' she murmured, while heavy tears overflowed through the long, curling lashes and fell, glittering rivals upon the diamond which she raised to her lips and kissed again and again with passionate fervor. Having made up her mind to the sacrifice, Fannie put on her drooping hat and tied a block veil tightly over her fair sensitive face; then, with rapid steps, she left the house and hastened to the jewellery establishment around the corner, at the window of which she had often stopped to admire the dazzling contents. ' Is it your own ?' asked the old man, with a searching look in his keen grey eyes at the young girl, who had made her request in such low and tremb- ling tones. ' Oh, yes,' she answered simply, un- conscious of suspicion. ' It was my engagement ring,' and she colored faintly, then paled again with painful thoughts. ' It is a very valuable one for you,' said the jeweller, slipping it on the first joint of his finger, and glancing at Fannie's neat but decidedly shabby raiment. The gentleman was rich and so was I then,' she answered quietly, checking her rising indignation with the self-con- trol which experience had taught her. 'The gentleman to whom I was en- gaged to be married went away on a long voyage and was lost at sea,' she said, ' and when my father died he left us poor, so that I have been obliged to sell my jewels. I kept this till the last. Will you please to buy it, sir?' The old man, being a Scotchman, said: 'Umph, umph ?' and polished his spectacles, murmuring ' Puir lassie ?' Then he told her he would value her ring, gave her a receipt, for which she had not though of asking, and told her to come back in the morning. About ten minutes after Fannie Gerrard left Dugald Blaik's store a young man walked up the avenue with long, rapid strides, watching the passers-by and the objects around with a half-curious, half-familiar and wholly pleased attention. He entered Mr. Blaike's store and drew out his watch. ' I wish you would be good enough to examine, this watch of mine,' be said pleasantly. Something has gone wrong with it all of a sudden. No sooner did I arrive at home safe, and sound than it became refractory after serving me faithfully through field.— especially by flood? I hope it is not ominous.' And the returned traveller laughed as he handed the timepiece to the old man. Nothing more alarming than a broken mainspring,' replied Mr, Blaike, smiling. We will have it ready for you to-morrow, sir.' And then as he watched the stranger go out, with his youthful, swinging stride, his nimd recurred to the girl who had told him of the lover 'lost at sea,' and he sighed over his work. Harry Raymond had not gone far before he was accosted by the ringing voice of an old friend. ' Hallo Raymond, old fellow ! where in the name of all that's wonderful have you sprung from? Why, dear boy, everyone believed you long since at the bottom of the sea or blown away by all sorts of simooms, or typhoons, or whatever you call em !' 'Blown away as much as you like, old boy,' laughed Raymond, wringing his companion's hand heartily, ' but not under water yet,:as you see. But, come—give some land news, won't you? This is my first day in the city, and I haven't seen anyone yet. How is—everybody ?' 'Well, much as usual, I guess. But come over to my rooms, and maybe I can be more definite.' The young man slipped his arm through Raymond's, and they sauntered on together. ' Oh, by the way,' said Jack Gordon, suddenly bursting in on one of his own speeches, ' you have just turned up in time to be too late for the marriage of an old sweet-heart of yours—Fannie Gerrard. Married an old chap with heaps of money, too.' "What—what did you say ?' said Dr. Raymond, clutching the arm that lay on his, and stopping short in the street. ' I said that your old flame, Fannie Gerrard, was married yesterday to old Mr. Roberts, the millionaire. Why, what's the matter ? What are you star- ing at ? You look as if you had seen a ghost !' Dr. .Raymond drew his hand across his face once or twice before he re- plied. ' I beg your pardon,' he said. 'I have just remembered an important engagement. I—I will have to leave you now.' ' Oh, I'm sorry !' But never mind ! Drop in the evening and have a chat. Good- by, for the present. Delighted to have met you. And Jack disappeared around a comer, savagely condemning his " long tongue" and thinking all kinds of things of the girl who could so soon forget a fellow like Raymond. Harry Raymond walked on with bent head and downcast eyes. All the animation and brightness were gone from his face—all interest in his surroundings banished by a few care- less words. ' Married !' he repeated—' married to another, and my heart true to her through all ! Oh, tickle faithless heart of woman.' And, with a harsh, bitter laugh he drew his hat over hisb row and strode on, he knew not whither, until night found him in his own rooms, worn out by fatigue and misery. And so passed the first day of Harry Raymond's return home. When Fannie Gerrard entered the jeweller's shop next morning she was somewhat embarrassed to find a young gentleman talking to Mr. Blaikie, and she withdrew shyly to the other end of the counter. The old gentleman, recognising her at once, bowed pleasantly, and in a few moments came to wait upon her. 'I will buy your ring for 150 dollars, he said. 'Will you part with it for that ?' Fannie's face showed her dissap- pointment. ' I thought it was worth more than that-—intrinsically,' he said. Two huudred at least' The.Scotchman shook his head and pressed his lips together, for although he was interested in the " puir lassie," he did not forget Christine Johnstone's precept that " beezness is beezness.' She looked at the ring with longing eyes, half tempted not to make the sacrifice at all, when she was startled by a voice beside her. ' I will buy the ring for $500, since the lady is so anxious to obtain a good price for it!' "Well did Fannie Gerrard know that voice, though never before had she heard it ring with such contemptuous scorn as it now fell upon hear ear. With a strong inclination to scream, which she suppressed to a gasp, she turned and involuntarily held out both hands, while a look of mingled amaze- ment, delight and love shone in her face. Then, meeting nothing but a strangle smile of scornful bitterness upon the features that had become to her those of a lover with naught, but a glowing tenderness, she drew back as though stung. One piteous look she gave toward the old man, who stood watching his strange patrons with an absorbed in- terest, then she shuddered, reeled, and would have fallen to the floor had not Mr. Blaikie caught her in his arms. He bore her into an adjoining parlor and calling his daughter, left the faint- ing girl in her care and returned to where Dr. Raymond stood, with a pale, set face, gnawing his moustache. ' Is the young lady better? I am;a physician. Can I be of any use pro- fessionally ?' ' So you are her lover—the lad who was lost at sea ?' said Dugald Blaikie not noticing the question. ' What do you know about me—or her?' Raymond asked, sharply. 'Enough to know that you have caused sufficient trouble and grief by your absence without breaking the bairn's heart altogether, now that you have come back. Hecb, mon,' con- tended Dugal falling into broad Scotch, under the influence of excite- ment, 'na lad ever had less cause for cauldness or suspeeeion.!' Harry Raymond's lip trembled and his face flushed. 'You do not understand,' he said. ' She was my betrothed wife, and return to find her—married !' 'Married? exclaimed Dugald blankly, ' Yes, married to a wealthy dotard, and anxious to get rid of that ring lest she should be disturbed by unpleasant associations.' And as he thus expressed his sug- gestion of his fevered fancy his voice was raised in resentful passion. The bewildered girl heard the words, and standing in the doorway with a face of marble pallor and her slender figure proudly erect, she said : 'You are strangely mistaken, Mr. Raymond. I am not married, nor ever have been. I wished to sell my ring because I was in absolute need of money. However, it is yours now, without any equivalent !' And with a haughty bend of the head, she would have passed him by ; but Harry suddenly turned and caught her in his arms, and before she could protest, she was seated on the sofa in good old Dugald Blaikie's parlor with her repentant lover at her feet. ' Oh, forgive me, darling —pray for- give me !' he pleaded. ' I was hasten- ing to find, you immediately on my. arrival, when I was told that you were recently married ! But I was mad— wicked to doubt you, and throw my self on your mercy !' And he seized the little hands, ner- vously clasped together, and covered them with kisses. ' It was my coasin,' she answered re- proachfully. ' 'Ah! but I knew naught of her, and to me, sweetheart, there is but one Fannie Gerrard in all the wide world.' 