POINTS. Seasonable Gifts. — Bla«k oye». A Sell,— The Oloveland Regatta. . Too Danokbous. — Omnibuses rooing trams.. A Neat Crowd. — At Rookloa Bporta on... Saturday afternoon. A Happy Man.— The fellow who drew Carlyle in the Fidelity sweep. A Half-heaiitbd Affaib. — The public holi day to-day. Fbeak of Nature. — Grattan Riggs in seven Well Patbonised. — Saturday's river ex— ' ! curaiong. An Ideal Manage. — Mr! Bancroft; bo says Mrs. Berard-Beore. ' Bia BntiNBfB. — Thirty-five oases on the . ? ? charge sheet this morning at tho Police Conrt. ? '-.. Terrible. — Seventy-six persons perished in ? . the reoent colliery explosion at Pont-y- Pridd. Likb the Towee of Babel.— Our Christmas tioe. New Style.—' A marriage has been . ? arranged.' ' . Cjianoe of Situation. — Greeloy iain London, not at the North Pole. Wastbd Money.— That spent on cabs, champagne, &o.;, by tho Mayor of Townsviile. Betibe, op Course.— The water of Towna ville than tho water of Brisbane. ' % Vkby Sultry. — In tho theatre on Saturday night. Marine Delight.. — Saturday's exoarsion to Redcliflo by tho Lady Musgravo. The 'Oh My's.' — Several excursionists had them badly hist Saturday. Is that so?— That the gold found near Mourilyan Harbour iB not auriferous. Thadeub on Crioketbbb. — Willow-wielder*. and leather-slingers. The Claimant's Sons are going for a mili tary career. They coll themselves Tiohborne. Light Food. — Bakers' ' fancy' bread. Weigh it and see. Repairs Wasted. — On the Logan road be tween Woolloongabba and Norman's Creek. Common Experience, just now. — The plea sures of eating followed by the miseries of digesting. Beautiful but Dangerous. — A beautifully marked snake was seen the other day near the residence of Mr. Button, Bowon Hills. Why Omitted f — All the ratepayers of Townsville, except 200, were omitted from & banquet given by tho mayor. Shame. Lost Head Geab. — Several hats were blown, off their owners' heads on the Lady Musgrave on Saturday. ClROUitSTANOBS Alter Cases. — A sixpenny luncheon in town ib a better enack than you can get at Redoliffe for half a crown. Groggy.— This forenoon 29 porsons wera charged with being drunk or drunk and dis orderly. Here's a nice Situation. — Anexolamation aptly made by a oouplo of love-sick Bwains, who were left at Redoliffe. Good. — Matthew Arnold going to Berlin, and Paris to seo how free schools work. Dear Matthew, they work much as other aohoola do. Cube Worse thak Disease. — Filtering drinking water without frequently and proporly cleaning the filter. IjrransEcrrNG Linus. — The survey of the §ropo€ed railway to b'amford crosses the Rifle' tange in Victoria Park. Which is thhir Game P— The railway line or the rifle range ? Can't have both at that spot. The Worst Numa-noes.— Inspectors who, having eyes, see not, and having noses, smell not. What's in aNamb? — A ' Piok' family at Charters Towers. Lots of picks there besides — goldpickers, too. SauiiEziNG it through. — Tho Tonquin war oredit by a majority of fonr in thoFrenoh. Chamber of Deputies. Dih Religious Light. — Worshipping by oandle-light ; no gas in a ohnrch at Woo loongabba during the first part of the service last evening. Sanitary and Cosottlsory action wanted to compel owners of swamp allotments, eppeoially ia the Vulley, either to drain or to fill them. up. A Danger Signal.— A few serious asoidents may be expeoted from tho growing praotice of passengers getting in and out of trams while in motion. A Bubhesb Trick. — 'She laid herself on the ground and without any apparent effort or distress bent her' body backwards till her toes rested on her head.' Fohetio. — The Prinz and Prinoez of Wales made tharo firat publick apneeranz ninz thare return from the Kontinent, on the okkaahun. of Her Royal Hinez opening ihe new Working Lads' Institute in the Wito Tshappel rode. PnouierNa.— Of candidates for seats in the Imperial Parliament, 700 promised that if returned they would vote for a Marriage Law Reform Bill. Processor Huxley resigns his place a» President of tho Royal Society ttrough failure of health. Sorry to hear that ; Huxley ia only 60 years old. For Boys. — ' King Solomon's MineB,' a book said to bo an good as anything from Jules Verne or G. H. Kingston. These mines are not at Gympio. Running a Paper. — In England some enter prising madman is going to run a paper to ba called The Train. He intends it for the travelling public Where is Their Master ?—' The 'WhaddoQ. ohasa hounds met,' &o.; If everybody had hie own, an honest carpenter in Sydney they say would possess thoso hounds. - Plum Dough. — At Redoliffe, waitress hand ing it round. Dinor: ' Pleass, don't givo me any of that I may have to swim going home, and I couldn't, if I swallowed that.' A A Sore PorNT. — Tho Northerners aro still dissatisfied beoause tho Premier wouldn't let. them have the oholera to themselves. May help tho Separation movement. Kind off Hut.— The dork, of the weather, to send the rain on Christmas Day when folk wanted to remain at home ; and to give them fine woathor yeBterday -when they wanted to go abroad. ' ',.?? How they used to Oanvass. — Ths Duohess of Devonshire to Charles Fox: ' Dear OharleB, — Yesterday I sent you three votes, but wont through great fatiguo to prooure them ; it oost mo ten kisseB for every plumper.' , A-w Otx- OnwrcVATm_ — Tho TiflnrflTinliB nf* ? ? 1 Memphis, extending for twenty miles along the' ' desert plateau bounding tho Nile and over looking Cairo, iB tho largest cemetery in the world, and the pyramids are tho grandest funeral monuments. His Word for it. — 'I speak within tho-. limits of my own observation in affirming that mental aotivity and rational independence, olmHtenod by religious oonviotiop, are invari ably found in suoh English villages ashavo been brought under Nonconformist teuohing nnd influence.' A Crahmer. — Dr. Harold Browne, Bishop of Wiuohestar, says: — 'The Liberationists havo ilcolarod thomsolves to be onomies of the Chuiuli, for their programme declares for the* \ destruction of thoir Ohuroh, the division of our body into independent congregations, contrary to tho soriptural and primitive principles of unity, the secularisation of all that haB boon, applied to tho sorvioo of God and in tho ealva- . ' tion of man.' Tricky Ghosts. — Afellow who apent a night in a haunted houso says : — ' The ghost, con found it, did not koop its appointment. I had a most terrifying nightmare-, and woke up in a corner of tho room howling and struggling . with imaginary powers of darkness. My follow investigators (there wero four of us sprinkled throughout tho mansion) had takon thoir spirito inside, and slept it all out.- I am afraid u nightmare is not good enough for ' sleeping in a haunted houso for the Payo-^— I fiooioty.' Bettor luok next timo t 