I 'IRISH GHOST STORIES. There is a very strange story connected with an old house in St. Stephen's Green, Doblin, which was at one time the residence . of the gay and beautiful Lady Clare. It was untenanted , tor a long time, and tnen taken by some lames for the purpose of establishing a Echool. The house was quiet and peaceable enough, except on certain nights of the week, presumably reception nights, when the doors would be shut and opened ; numerous footsteps wonld be beard, with the unmistakable sound of bigh-heeleo shoes on the floor, and the rustle of silken trains, and all the noise of the arrival of a numerous -company of well-dressed guests. Nothing was ever seen, though people watched constantly ; till at last the ladies, with their school, had to decamp elsewhere ; and a gentleman, who laughed at the idea of ghosts, took it and weut to reside there. But he laughed too soon, for very shortly the nocturnal uproar became so unbearable that he, too, had to depart. The house was then taken by some Dtius, who doubt less thought that their presence would soon quell the unholy tumult. But they were mis taken ; the gay company still held high revel on their accustomed nights, till, as a last resource, the house was palled down, and the Loretto Chapel stands in its place. Irish ghosts arc often as pugnacious and quarelsume on their return to the world at they were before they left it 1 indeed, it is not lung since I heard of a boy being crushed to death by a ghost. This boy, his father snd sister, were all sleeping in a large house which had the reputation of being haunted by no less than two ghosts, each one vising with the other in wickedness. The father said be woke in Jhe night with a feeling of a fearful weight pressing down arid bruising-! him and though he was perfectly aware that his son was beiDg killed, he could not stir to save him. When he at last recovered himself sufficiently to rush out for assistance, the poor .. lad- was dead, and quite black, though without any mark of violence. Probably this might be accounted fur by some poisonous gases ; but, auyhow, the ghost got the credit of it. 