A chat With George Augustus Sala It is a cosy, though somewhat spacious room, in which I had a chat with Sala on the eve of his lecture tour in the United States and Australia. The dada is a series of bookshelves full of literary and encyclo p?oeio volumes. Above them hang many interesting works of art ; a poetic landscape of Scottish Highland scenery, by Dore specially painted for Sala ; and, in black and white, Long's portrait of Irvine ; a well known effigy of 'rennyson, and a collection of other interesting works. The window looks out upon a quiet square. "The best'situation," says Sala, "in Lon don for a literary man. No thoroughfare past this corner of it ; perfect qdiet; with poisoned macaroni judiciously placed at the corner to settle the organ- grinder and twelve minutes from Fleet Street and the Strand." THES TORY OF A WHITE WAISTCOAT. "In writing an interview, I suppose you will describe my prsonal appearance," he says,witha merry twinkle of the eye, "and I shouldn't wonderif my white waistcoat comes in for a graphic touch." "Well, "Irejoin, " it has become almost a trade-mark in your toilet." "It has, " he says. "I have worn a white waistcoat for five.and-twenty years every day, winter and summer. Once in Paris, at a store where I used tobuy my gloves a serv ing woman said to me, 'You always wear a white waiscoat, Mr. Sala.' Yes I wear one all the year round.' 'All the year round sneexclaimed-a clean one every day ?' Yes, I said 'Oh', she exclaimed raising he hands, if I had only been your washerr woman? Then sotto voce, as he conducts me into i the hall en route for his workshop and other rooms. he remarks: "Sixpence a day for twenty-five years would make quite a little sum of money wouldn't it?" MEMORIES OF IMANY LANDS. Sala's house is literally packed with in tellectual and artistic treasures, souvenius of many lands and many people-old china Sevres, Dresden; Oriental lamps, knicknacks from Eastern temples; literary and pictor. ial relies of London; dainty rugs,statuettes, bronzes. bric-a-brac of every description. The drawing room of to-day, however, has. ghost-like appearance: it is enveloped in white calico draperies. On this winter day, the effect is chilly inthe extreme. There is a satirical suggestion in armchairs and ottoman, partially upholstered in white linen,water-colors drapedin white hangings, books in shrouds, old china peeping from behind pakings of white fabrics. Remembering how the sculptor, Ewing, died suddenly last year at Brevoort House, New York, there isso.mething pathetic in a little figure which Sala uncovers for my inspection. "It was, " he says, originally a nude sub. j-ct, and, oddly enough, a Madonna, which I bought in Mexico twenty years ago. Ew inc draped it as you see, with' a pocket bandkerch:ef dipped in starch. The effect is very graceful and artistic : Then diviug into a corner of the room: " This, " ie says. " was given to me by Lord Wolseley. He brought it' years ago from Africa and gave it to me when he was a captain on active service, But let us leave this cave of despair, " he adds, " and go i-to my room. " We enter an apartment which at first glance seems to be literally choked with brcks awl papers, but there is anple room for the muster ata desk, where he can sit surrounded with his tools. BIS LIBRARY. " You asked me a question just now, I think, about my method of work ? Now the only volumes which are here as a mat ter of sentiment are this little set of the Family Herald, which contain my first and juvenile works in fiction and essay. All the other volumes which you see are works of reference, things belonging to the practical work of journalism ; scrap-books, pictorial, and otherwise, dictionaries in almost every language, encyclopMtdias, histories,technical works : and though some of the shelves may at first seem to indicate confusion of arrange ment, I assure you they are all so disposed that I can lay my band upon anything and everything I want in a moment. These volumes on the left are the Spectator; the others close by are the Examiner, from the time of Leigh Hunt and Hazlitt. On the next shalt tobbett's papers and other Radical and Liberal journals, and close by a complete file of John Bull and Blackwood of thestrong Tory days. You know that myself and Lord Roseberry have the Napo. leouic legend mania. On theshelves oppo site to you are the several volumes that have been given to meby Lord Roseberry in con nection with this subject." Here he took out a unique work, "Th e History of Napoleon in Medals," exquisiti vely engraved, and including the medal strutk in contemplation of the conquest of lngland. Close by this was a wonderful collection of the English,French and Italian drama. T'hen we came to the "History of P'arliament," books of natural history, lexi cons and books o: various trades. Upon a la.gesquare table near his desk were a number of other volumes of referenc es, and conveniently placed in their midst, and in adjacent drawers, were boxef of pho tographs of places he had visited, copies of famous pIictures sketches of sculpture, and other aids to memory. On his desks were several commonplace place books - in his own hand, written with remarkable exactness; as close as print and almost as plain as copper plate engraving. In the body of the text were inserted numerals in little ciicles, which had reference to a carefully kept it: dex at the close. Another book was literally an index of letters, not that he had received but which he had written and the beginning of leading articles. MATERIALB FOR WORK. While he is talking he beckons me to an adjocent bedebamber which repeats the calco aspectof the packed up drawing-room. But he uncovers a burea in a corner by the fire, which is literally packed with cook ery books-three hundred of them in every lnugcage, among the most nutable being the first edition of iMrs. Glasses famous work and the secretcookery booksof Louis XVIII. Then we go back to the workshop where beneath the loaded table I have spo ken of, he pulls out drawerafter drawer con taining thousands upon thousands of fashion plates and sketches of costome! and in the hall. as werettrn fora parting chat :to the library drawing-room, he shows me a beaut iful replica of the famous repouse shield from South Kensington hanging over the doorway, and upon the wall several panora mic like co:oured plates which refer to his first technical work when he was a draughts man on wood a lithographer, and engraver in the atelier of Henry nralkin, with whom he afterwards went into paatnership, and produced politicalcaricatres and pictorial skits for Mr. Ackerman in theStrand. "First," he says, 'we dll a sort of pane ramma that folded up like an album, and was called 'No Popery ' I engraved it for two culor'rs on zinc. It was at the time when Lord laPsell wrote his Uuhblin Leter, and lpelile were very n much excited about the crcuntion of ltmtnat Cathohlc dioceses in England. That is a copy of it," he con siutd; pointing to a still vivid aud effect ire picture. '" I was published at a shil ling, tad one hundred and irtwenty thousand cbptes were soldl. It was years afterwards in 1852--it fact wcn I 'was writing for Housch.d Words-that 1 engraved cue of those scenes upon steel. There itis, above the hat-stand, "pointing to a companion panoramic sketch representing the Duke of Wellington's funeral. " I found the work at night upon steel plates, combined with the fumes of the acid I had to use injured my eyesight, and I did no more of that kind of work except on one occasion at the special request of Mr. George Smith pro. prietor of Cornhill Matazine, when I exe- i outed a small etching to accompany one of the Hograth papers which I wrofe for Thackeray, " tHE SECRET OF IlTS SUCCESS. '" I will not ask you. "I say, as t~e final ly adjourn to the library dlhing.rooin, " to what you attribute your great success as d journalist, because it is sufficiently apparent in your tools, your notes, your commonplace book, your industry, and your work; but it will interest some of my readers if you say a few words to me on the subject. " " The success of my career, " he replied, "' may be very briefly but emphatically set forth as follows:-First, I was educated abroad; I spoko French and Italian before t evet saw England. It was taught to draw from my earliest years. I served an apprenticeship as an engraver. I was a scene-painter at the Princess' Theatre ' a a caricaturist on ' The Man in the Moon,' and consequently brought to my work as a speeial correspondent and journalist a variety of. capacity not ordinarily found. They say Jack of all trades, and mastei of nonel but you are no bad journeyman in journalism if you know the technicahities of a good many trades, and, as I said before, I still kept up as ever my studies of techni que, and I buy every wdrk of any impor tance or interest about every ki,d of trade. The stage, I need not say has always been to me a delightful study. On the shelves you will find a wonderful collection of plays the best editions of Ben Jonson, one or two v, ry old Shakespere in their original binding all Goldoni's works in a language as familar to me as my own tongue. 1 never was a reporter. I came straight from the literary columns of the Daily Telegraph,being at the same time its art critic, and its special cor respondent in all parts of the world." THE ACE OF HEARTS. "And now a parting question on adelicate matter," I said, bat it will be somewhat pertinent-I will not say impertinent." 'That would be impossible," said Sala, with a mock bow and a real smile-' per tinent yes, impertinent neverl" "What then is the meaning of that soiled ace of hearts which I see carefully nailed to the wall here, and in your workshop?" "The card is soiled from long exposure, I nailed it up for luck." " You are superstitious? " ca No. " A gambler? " SNo. " " Don't play cards? " , No. " " Speculate on Stock Exchange? " "INo. " " But you think there's luck under the ase of hearts? " " I never travel without an ace of hearts in my trunks. " " The heathen Chinee used to carry sever al and some kings up his sleeve. You don't play poker? " " No. " " Well there is no accounting for taste, " I said. " I stick a horseshoe over my desk but 1 dare say the ace of hearts is just as lucky. " 