BROKEN AT LaT i CIIAPTEIn .' i There was no getting over their evidence. e He was convicted both of ..the assault and 1i trespass, and sentenced 'to a month's im- v prisonment with hard labour. Dr. Sellearirged the magistrates to in fict ajihe, but the application was refused. c o5s m e·ars of ts proeedings., at~ hehius ....Horgqmse.. a a ieawa rseptasionaievgpstea .= 5st l s5tened to,, probably to the gentle man's ceret satisfaction, for if there was one I thing nore than another he had an objec tion to part with it was his money. . As the gaoler led him from the justice room Howletcast a scowl of hate upon our hero. 1 ' We shall meet again, young gentleman,' I he observed. ' I trust so,' replied Oliver; ' imprison nient and hard labour are all very well, c but I don't consider my debt half paid yet.' 1 The promise was kept; 1 It was a sad day at the Hall when the two youths took their departure ; Peter Marl E lingered round the chaise, arranging the 3 luggage, and casting wistful looks at the 'window of the study where his young i favourite was bidding adieu to his compan- 1 ions. Oliver appeared at last, and a tear I glistened in the old man's eye as he shook him affectionately by the hand. ' Good bye, Mr. Brandreth,' hoe said, ' you [ won'tforget me? I am a fool to ask the ] question ; you would not forget a dog that i you had once been kind to.' ' Much less, replied our. hero, ' a friend that has been so kind to me.' 'I am certain of it,' observed Peter. 'There are the barkers, ' he added, pointing to a small mahogauy case, containing his pistols; which he had long intended to give to our hero. ' I never thought to have . par ted with them whilst I lived ; but somehow I don't seem to care about them now, so you will keep them for my sake.' Oliver found it impossiblo to refuse a gift so offered. I must send you my keepsake from Lo don,' he said, for he know it would not do to offer the oldsoldier money-his frien Iship, if not his pride, would have taken alarm. ' You are going abroad, Mr. Brhadroth,' he observed, 'Mind the mounseers. Never trust the foreigners; Frenchman or Spaniards -they are all alike.' Peter's experience went no further. There was a waving of hands from the pupils and a faint cheer as the carriages drove off. The first contained Colonel Grey and Lady teairelough ; the second, our hero, Phil, John Compton, Minnie, and her child, whom the broker. had promised to carry safely to Richmoud. Peter Marlha-i never beenknown to smoke so mtany pipes as on the day of Oliver's de parure from Carwell Hall. - - - A:'Ai Coloncl Grey had no -thler residen'ao iii toiwn thalin chambers, it was arranged that 1h aind his niece should be the ghosts of -Johi Compton, who proffered his house so cordially that it was unhesitatingly ac cepted. . . Great was the astonishment of the old housekeeper, who for many years had pre-; sided over his establishment, at the number of her master's visitors. Had she been in formed previously of his intentions, the pro babilities are she would have ventured to re monstrate. An occasional diuner'party to a few bachelor friends she did not particu larlyobject to ; but ladies, who would doubt less expect her to wait upon them-the world was coming to an end. I really don't know where I am to put them sir.' she observed. ' The bed furni ture of the blue chamber has been taken down and sent to the scourer's, there are no -blinds in the damask room and--' ' Colonel Grey is a soldier,' interrupted the broker, good humouredly, for he enter ,tained a great respect for Mrs. Bailey, ' and can sleep anywhere.' ' It's the adies'-with a markedemphasis, upon the word-' that I am thinking of.' Only one will remain,' said her master. ' The lady with the child, sir ?' inquired Mrs. Bailey.' ' No, Lady Fairclough.' It was astonishing how completely during the last few days John Compton had for \- gotten business. The rates of exchange, the fluctuations of the markets, foreign cor respondance and colonial goods were as com pletelyignored as though he -had only Co. casionally heard of such things, instead of having made them the study of his life. As we before stated, he began to feel something life affection for Philip Blandford, and re gretted more than ever that he had not been christened John. Minnie too, and her child had deeply in terested him. Hitherto like most old bachelors, he had entertained a decided an tipathy to babies, but somehow the little in nocent had contrived to conquer .his aver sion, perhaps it was by clutching his fin gers and smiling in his face, when, to please the youthful mother, he -lnched its dim pled chin. Despite her natural timidity, in the house of the housedwellers, poor linn'e could not repress her impatience to rejoin the bus banu from whom she had been torn-the father of her child, whom she still loved for she believed him worthy of her affection. She did not venture to express her anxiety in words, but her tears and imploring looks spoke eloquently for her. The heart of the city man was touched by their mute appeal. \- Refresh yourself, and in an hour, 'he said, ' we will start.' kcry of joy, wildas a long imprisoned bird released from its enge, broke front the lips of the gipsy mother, as she timidly kisscd his hand. During the whole course of his life such a thing had neveroeeurred to John Compton before. His -hand had received many a rough, honest'shake, and 'probably. a few Molt deceittuL?non--hne?jnL .ita" U.pito be_ wildfeidt'him I . .There nonscso !' he -said,: 'Thank-youn would have ene as well. Not that I am angry,'.ho added, seeing that Minnie looked confused ' only such demonstrations are not sual in what is called civilized life. ' But you have acted as a father to me,' replied the gipsy girl. ' Alas II never knew my own.' The broker repeated the word ' father ' to himself, and secretly" wished that he had a child like her to love, to crown his ago with blessings. He was rich-very rich;his name great in the mart; his signature unquestioned upon 'Change. But at thatmoment he felt something like contempt for his money= bags. Many a man finds himself muttering cur Boo ? when it is too late. Within the hour the chaise was at the door and the started with his guest and her infant for Richmond As they approached Hew, Minnie began to recognize the neighborhood. She had never wandered far from Woodbine Cottage, the only home, in the proper sense of the word she had ever known, for the tents of her people could scarcely be called one, and her excitement increased. 'Will he bhe at home Will hebe unchanged or angry with me ?' she repeatedly asked herself. And when the vehicle drew up at the well-known door, her agitation :grew so fear ful that her protector was obliged to support her from the chaise. With a cry of surprise the servait rushed upon the lawn to inform her master. Min nio followed, and in an instant lay sobbing andpanting in the arms of her betrayer. It must have been a cold heart indeed that could have gazed upon so much loveliness or received such proofs of affection unmoved. For an instant Sir Aubrey was touched, as he pressed her in his arms whispered the name of his son. ' Safe i' murmured the delighted mother- - Ssafe. Am I not here I Think you I could have abandoned him ?' The baronet smiled. The boy was - evi dently dear either to his heart or his inter ests.. In one so full of schemes-who calcu lated every chance in the game of life-it would be difficult to decide which. ' How cameyou to leave me ?' ' Torn from you. I went in search of our child. Haled- ' SAt thatname a frown and a look of doubt -MLiuiieireedliis thoiights;aniid' deep l'sash suffused her pale and tear- stained visage. '-Pure as when Ibecame your bride,' she exclaimed, fixing her dark eyes upon his ' pure as the angels you used to tell me of when love was young. They might have killed me-torn me to pieces, but never made meunworthy of your affection,' she added, solemely. Strange to say, the libertine, with all his experienceofthe world-which, after all, hut serves to make the heart sick-believed her. . 'Come to the house,' he said; I long to see my boy, and hero by what happy chance you escaped your persecutor.' .' Yes, yes; there is one, too, whom youn must thank-the friend who conducted me here. The good old man has been a father to me.' , Suposing it w:tm so:n countrymnu, or one of the elders of her own tribe, to whom she alluded, SirAubrey suffered himself to be led by his victim to the house where John Compton was waiting to see him The worthy man felt an unusual amount of cur iosity to behold her husband. \- For several minute, they gazed upon each other in sileonce-confusion in the counten ance of the discovered deceiver, scorn and in dignation in the honest features of the broker. ' Why do you not bl ass and thank him?' said Minnie, wondering at the silence of her betrayer. ' Is this Mr. Hlarley?' inquired the old man deliberately. ' Yes,' 'Poor girl=pour girl!' The eyes of the gipsy wandered first to the face of her speaker, then to those of the baronet. As they rested!on the latter a cold shudder ran through her veins. - She saw the man whom she believed su perior to all created beings-the master of her heart- the idol of its deep and passion ite worship-cowering like a guilty thing bbiceath the glance of her benefactor. SMr. Compton.' said the -baronet, ' this neither the time nor place for an explan ation of my conduct, spare her, whatever may be your opinion of me.' John Compton had a severe struggle - be tween pity aud what he felt to he his duty. Doty at aInst prevailed, and he pronounced her name. 'No, no, do not speak to me!' exclaimed mintiie.' You are about to make me wretch ','fifnust tell-youo the-strntuli, e'esail.stlh broker. 'Harley is not the name of him you call- my husband.. . If it be that- if it hbe only tat,' thought the trembling mother ='More. He is already married to an other.' 'Say that hie lie l' shrieked Miunie Moyne, clasping her destroyer round the neck,' 'and I wilthelieve you-that he is mad, or I soon shall be. Married ! WVhat then amn I ? You lsove never been so vile and heartless!' she added, 'Did you not swear to me that I was your wife by "the laws of the house dwellers?, If he has really married yenou,' observed the broker, * he has committed a felony, and my nice will be well rid of him.' ' Begone, sir!' said the baronet; ' quit my house this instant, less 1 forget the dif- frence of our years.' ' Pooh, man,' interrupted John Compton, ' you can't frighten me. I have told you the truth, MLinnie-you see, he can't deny it; and nowl will tell you why I told it to you. I would prevent you from sinking into the degraded thing, which the worla5-ignorant of the arts by which you fell-already con siders you. Leave that man before satiety induces him to abandonyou, as he lhas aban doned his previous vietims?-leave him,whilst you can still look in the face of your child with tears and regrets, but without a blush. Add not sin tosorrow.' ' Would youn believe him rather than me who love you so well? Think of *sur child, whispered the tempter in her car, speaking in the language of her childhood. 'Send him away,' murmured Minnie, sinking into his arms-' send him away ! Let not the good man witness my weaknes Finding his counsels useless John Comp ton quitted Woodbine cottage,his heart fille with indignation at the conduct of Sir Aubrey and pity for her he so firmly believed to be his victim. 'Better stick to business,' he muttered to himself, as ho returned to London. This comes of having a heart to feel for others. Oliver Brandreth's first thought on his re turn home was to remind his aunt, as soon as the first greetings were over, of her promise to show him the portrait of his mother. * I cannot describe to you,' he said. * how anxious Iam to see it. I have been thinking dreaming of it lately It appears as if alapse in memory had been suddenly filled-that in my sleep I beheld my dear'parent. ' Not to-night,' replied Mrs. Dalton. with a sigh ; you are fatigued with your long jour. ney. Wait till the morning when rest will have restored you.' ' And you will not again put me off with exuenses.' * No; I promise you faithfully said the lady 'Come to me in the morning-you will find me in my boudoir!' There was a seriousness amounting to sol emnity,in theltone andfmanner of the speak er that excited the curiosity of our hero who asked if the miniature she spoke of was the only likeness of his mother. ' I believe so.' ' Then why does not my.father keep it. added. ! There is a melancholy interest attached toall snchmemorials,' observed Mrs. Dalton, evasively. - To these words, which sank into hisyoung heart deeply, Oliver Brandreth made no re ply. In the fullness of his confidence he had frequently expressed to Major Henderson the pain he felt at the silence observed by his fatherand relatives respecting his mother, and had forgotten the kind earnesness with which his tutor advised him to want patient ly till time should explain the reason of their reserve upon the subject. He felt assured there was a mystery,, and the words of Mrs. Dalton confirmed his! sus picions. It was, therefore, with a beating heart that on the following morning he entered the bou doir of his aunt. He found her'seatedbefore an antique cabinet, whose contents had fre quently excited his curiosity in his childish days. As her nephew: approached, the lady rose from her seat, and silently placed a minia ture attached to a black riband in his hand. With a cry of delight he pressed it to his lips. CIeAPTEn xXII ' My mother I' murmured our hero, pres. sing the portrait repeatedly to his lips. 'How beautful-how good she must have been ! What tenderness and sweetness dwell in those eyes? what purity and truth upon that brow ? An angel could not have been more fair ? It is an angel's now,' he added, with a sigh. 'How I should have loved her ? How proud my heart would have been of such a parent, had she been spared me. She would never have doubted me.' ' Come and sit near me said his aunt. ' It is a painful task that I have undertaken. ' Painful?' replied Oliver Brandreth ; 'you have gratificdthe feeling dearest tome opened the page in my existence I feared closed for ever. Thank you; thank you ? thisis indeed a treasure. How old was I when my poor motherdied. Mrs. Dalton hesitated, and appeared em barrased. ' I must have been very young,' observed her nephew, ' or I must have remembered some trace of her dear features. They would have haunted me in my sleep.' "" Struck by her silence, the youth raised his eyes from the miniature to the faceo of his !relhatve-it.w_.?thn. wa tedntears.'-. • --, -(Tobe eontinued.) 