THE SALVATION ARMY. TO THE EDITOR. Sir — Having read Mr. liloyd -s answer to 'True Manliness,' I wish to make one or two remarks. Mr. Lloyd, finding his argu ments and theories concerning the Salvation Army defeated by 'True Manliness,' tries to drive out of his readers' minds the substance of the arguments used by holding up your correspondent to ridicule. It is not of im portance who the person is who writes, or whether he or she be male or female; what is of moment is the arguments put forward. The rev. gentleman does not attempt to answer your correspondent s question as to the time of parading the streets ; had he done so it would have shown how untrue and unjust were his remarks concerning this point. With regard to the comparison Mr. Lloyd has made in his reply I would as a caution to him cite the Master's answer to the Jews when they accused Him of casting out devils by Beel zebub, the prince of the devils. He said — ' Whosoever speaketh against the Son of Man it 6hall be forgiven him, but whosover speaketh against the Holy Ghost it shall not be for given him.' Mr. Lloyd cannot deny that through the instrumentality of the Salvation Army many devils have been cast out, and many an evil spirit has left a drunken and debased being, in whom a new nature has been implanted. Mr. Lloyd does not plainly say that the Salvation Army do this by the aid of Beelzebub, but in an underhand way he asks, 'Where is the manliness, justice, or Chris tianity in those persons who persist against all entreaty in disturbing others who are met in God's name to worship him ':' He suggests by this that their work is not of God ; and if not of Gcd it must be of the devil ; for Pail says, 'That which is not of faith is sin.' And when we see Mr. Lloyd likenine the Salvation Army to the Kelly gang, and putting their diabolical deeds on a parallel with those of tbe army, we are bound to think that his theories are greatly in opposition to those of the Master. The arrogant and sarcastic spirit manifested in the conclusion of his reply, stating that 'even at the cost of disgusting his correspondent, not partially but fully, he will have to change his principles as well as his mask before he attains to the full height of manliness,' does not man ifest the gentle, loving, and true character of Jesus Christ. Leaving these words of Jesus, 'Inasmuch as ye do it to one of the least of these, my brethren, you do it unto me,' for Mr. Lloyd's consideration. —I am, &.c. ARTHUR R. CRACKXELL. Augas-street, Adelaide. 