MELBOURNE TURF CLUB MEETING. [By Telegraph.] Melbourne, October 4. The annual meeting of the Melbourne Turf Club took place on Saturday at Flemington in the presence of a large number of spectators, including the Governor and suite. The weather wbs magnificent, and the racing first-class. The following are the results:— CTLITXU RACE. Sorcerer, by Napoleon, 6 St. 11 lb. (Fiddes). ? „ 1 Ace, 7st. Gib. (Cope) „ „ „ _ „ 2 Betfing—S to lon Ace. Only two statted. The non- favorite led from the start, winning by a lengtb. lime, 1 min. 7 sec. Th<? winner was bought in for £90. HUBBLE RJUX. Duration, by Highlander, U et. (McLeod) .. _ 1 lantaliser, 10st. 7 lb. (Kflduff) „ .. _ 2 Vcrnct, 9 6t (McGowan) 3 Chatsworth, landa, General Jackson, Amateur, and Xenophon also started. Betting—6 to 4 Duration, 5 Tantaliser, Cbat?worth, W Xenophon. AtthefaUoffheflagVernetweiittotne front, and led past tbe stand to tbe hurdle near the river, where he struck heavily, and gave place to Amateur, who was followed by General Jackson. Temet came again at tbe abattoirs sod assumed the lead, but Duration and Tantaliser joined issue at the turn, where Temet wss evidently beaten. TaDtaliser led to the hurdle, but rolling against Veruct be gare Duration an advantage which the latter maintained to tbe finish, winning by a length and a half. Vernet was third naif length away, Chatsworth was fourth. Then came General Jacteon, Xenophon, and Amateur, landa being last. Time, 3 min. 54 sec. HIDJiTCIiUB CUP. Kulkyne, by King Toiu, 12 et. 7 lb. (Mr. W. S. Cox) 1 Goldtop, 11 et 5 lb. (Mr. A. h. Johnson) .. ..2 Jack Bhcppard, 11 et. (Mr. C. Filgate) .. .. 3 Other starten —AbdaHah, Chesterfield, Curiosity, Enury, Conrad, and Ruby. Betting—7 to 4 against AbdaTJah, 7to 2 Eulkyne, 6 Ruby. Conrad led over first fence, where Ruby fell. At tbe next Conrad and Emily cams to grief In front of AbdaOah, who also bit tbe dust on landing. Goldtop then assumed the lead, negotiated the trebles in front of the stand four lengths in front of Curiosity, Eulkyne, Jack Sheppard, and Gieeterfield, tbe latter being outpaced. Curiosity joined Goldtop at the river, and the pair ran together along the back in front of Jack Sheppard and Kulkyne. Curiosity came down at the stone wall at the abattoirs. Kulkyne now came up, and jumping tbe last fence with ad vantage, cantered home and passed tbe post three lengths in front of Goiotop, Jack Sheppard beine third, the same distance away ; Chesterfield trotted in after. Ihe others did not complete tbe course. Time, & min. 23 sec FLiT RACE. Binpmaftcr, by Firet King—Yaidlcy, 7 st. 71b. (Moore) 1 Chuck?ter, 8 st 12 lb. (O'Brien) t Bohemian, 7st 7 lb. (Flanagan) „ „ j A dead heat for second place. Other storters-Middlemaich, Stafford, Ghost, Wjneiiey, Scaramoucfae, Lucky Hit; Hannibal, Bishop, Vcrrimu, Rebus, Nuncio, Cyclops, Warrjb, Gipsy's Warning, WalhaUa, Wildrake, Mrs. Jarley, EaronNeeka. Betting—7 to 2 Fiiipjnaster, 9 to 2 Merrimu, S Bchemmn, 7 Pcaremouche, S Chnckster, 10 Ghost ICuncio, followed by Mcrrimn, made the running from tbe start Eebns went np second at tbe abattoirs, and Chuckster, Ringmaster, aad Bohemian occupied prominent positions. At this stage Nuncio retired beaten on entering the straight, and Herrimu was left in advance. He ms immcuiiofjy chal lenecd by Ringmaster and Chnckster, who bad him done in a few strides. Ringmaster then drew away from Chnckster, and going on won cleverly by a length. Bohemian, who tame very fast at the finish, made a dead heat of it for second honors with Chuck ster. Merrimn was fourth, followed by Ghost, Soramonche, Nuncio, Mrs. Jarley, Wildrake being Absolutely last. lime, 1 nun, 45J eec. STHEFLBCUASE. Bob Cooper, byPolidon, lOst-Slb. (ffluiims) _ 1 Chester, 10 6t 91b. (Winter) „ 2 Goodwood, 10 st 3 lb. (John Eilduff) .. .. 3 Other starters—Stag, Pride, Topsail, Sir Samuel, Mystery. Betting—2 to 1 against Bob Cooper, i Goodwood, 5 Mystery, Sir Samuel,? Chester, 7 Pride, 10 Stag. Mystery and Bob Cooper led the way over tbe first fence, followed by Stag and Topsail, who fell at tbe second hurdle. BobCooperledpasttbestand. followed by Sir Samuel, Stag, Chester Goodwood, with Topsail in tbe rear. Sir Samuel stopped at Vte fence at tbe bridge when close up to tbe leader, Goodwood being the next to fall at tbe abattoirs, when Beb Cooper drew further away from tbe Seld, jumping the last two fences with a clear lead. Chester and Goodwood made a great effort in the straight, bnt Bob Cooper, who was full of running, won by four lengths from Chester, Goodwood being third three lengths away. Then came Stag, Mystery, and Sir Samuel, Hie others not completing the race. Time, 4 min. 58 sec. SArU.VG STAKES. The Nun, by First King—Pilgiimase, 8 St. (Moore) 1 Lottie, 7st (Walker) _ _ J 2 Claudian, 7 st 9 lb. (Ellis) 3 Other starters—lnuendo, St Paul, Washington, Fobber, Mainsail, Here Goes, Lara, TrLshna, Uroonda, Master John, Retort, Geeloog, Lacrosse, Mistral, add General Gordon. Betting—£ to 1 Nun, 4 Trishna, 7 Mistral, 8 General Gordon. When the flag fell Mistral was left at the port. Nun took up the running, and at the tan hada decided lead, Lottie, Claudian, Fobber, and Inuendo being tbe most conspicuous of the others. The favorite had all ber opponents settled at the distance, and won cleverly by a length from Lottie, wbo was same dis tance in front of Claudian. Retort was fourth, Lara fifth, with Minstrel last Time, B3J eec 