CRICKET. CRICKET NOTES. [Br Point.] The Norwood and North Adelaide at tracted a fair attendance to the Oral on Saturday, although the weather was not inviting. The rain which fell on Friday night had had its effect on the wicket, and as there seemed a chance of a farther supply of water W. Slight determined that the Nor- I woods should bat when he won the toss. Gooden trusted to the wicket improving, | and deputed Luces and Lyons to begin in stead of sending in any of the crackB of the team. O'Halloran began bowling in fine form, and in his first over Lucas beat a re treat Then Lyons came, and he and Rowe made a stand. The latter played a very slow game, but he kept a wioket up for a long time, and his 21 was of great service. Lyons had only madel4when O'Halloran beat him. Lyons batted in his usual style, and I shall be surprised if he does not make a good score before the end of the season. He made several fine drives, but has an unfortunate habit of getting out just as he appears to be well set George Giffen felt his way very oautiously, but the bowlers never had the ghost of a chance of getting one past and when he did settle down he made runs in his usual free style. Walter Giffen seems to improve every time he bats. On Saturday he was at home from the start and his hit ting waB a caution. With the exception of one leg-hit, which was just in Stow's reach, he got the ball right out of the ground every time he went out for a big lift, and twice he sent it well over the Oval fence. He scored much faster than his big brother, and it will not be long before he is recognised as one of the leading batsmen of Australia. The two brothers were to gether for about two hours and a quarter, and their batting left nothing to be desired, though each gave a possible chance. The North Adelaide bowlers were sorely tried daring the time the Giffens were in, and with the exoeption of Phillips they all got severely handled; the latter kept them pretty_ short and straight. Whenever he pitch ■ one up the batsmen let out viciously,, and it was in trying to hit one over the fence that G. Giffen lost bin wioket. When he started O'Halloran was well on with a good length and plenty of work, but he tired and was quite harmless at the finish. It was not Wilkinson's day out. He stuck the batsmen up considerably at times, but was too much on the leg, and both the Giffens are very rough on anything pitched on the leg. Bun dell's reputation secured him a long lease of one bowling crease, but be never got near a wicket. In the fielding department the North Adelaides were au there. Phillips Bhone out as doing the most work, but W. Slight, Knill, Davenport, Stow, and Wil kinson were all very active and useful. The South Adelaides had no difficulty in defeating the Hindmarsh Club on Saturday. The latter have fallen off as much as their opponents have improved. On Saturday the Bricks had to perform on a difficult wicket, and they played without Carew, Chittleborongh, ana J. Bridson. Jarvis batted well for a time, but when he had made 26 McKenzie bowled him clean. Tully made a useful 24, and King played nicely for 11; but the rest of the team did nothing. McKenzie gave up the gloves, and bowled with fair success. His place behind the sticks was taken by Craigie, who shaped very welL Godfrey went in with S. FurnelL and they soon knocked up 20\. Then McKenzie started hitting, and after he left another smiter came in, with the result that at a quarter past six the game was won with 8 wickets to spare. The M.C.C. Committee carefully considered the case of the disqualified members of the Australian Eleven, and decided that there was no reason why Blackham ft Co. should not plav in club matches. This decision the South Melbourne Club object to, and their committee has decided that the club team shall not meet an eleven inolud ing Blackham and McDonnell. Referring to the matter "Felix"says:—"It is to be regretted that the South Melbourne com mittee felt it necessary to take such extreme action against the disqualified members of the disbanded Australian Eleven. It seems to me that the decision of the Association fully met the case, and that the complete ostracism which the South Melbourne com mittee wish to see carried out would be going altogether too far. . It is right enough that the associated clubs should acquiesce in the action of the Association, but it is quite another matter so far as the clubs them selves are concerned. It is questionable, indeed, whether a club has legal power ta prevent a man from playing when he has paid his subscription, and when nothing materially detrimental to his personal cha racter can be urged against him. And this view of the case probably pressed with full weight on the|MX.C. Committee, on Wednes lay evening, when at their meeting they de iaed that .they could not see their way to way .. debar those of the disqualified who were members of their club from playing in club matches. Hence Blackham and McDonnell are down in the M.C.C. list for the match against South Melbourne. I sinoerely trust the latter will recomider their reoent resolu tion, and consent to play against teams containing the disqualified members. It should,be our aim toadopt a temperate and conciliatory course, and not rub inthepunisb ment too severely. Owing to the disqualification of the Vic torian. members of the Australian Eleven, the Melbourne team picked to play against Sydney is a.very weak one. Of the eleven origins lly selected Groube and Morris have been obliged to stand out, and the following men are playingBarrett, Cotter, Harry, Horan, Lewis, McShane, Trinuick, Swift, Walters, Trumble, Worrell, Musgrove, ana Mcllwraith. The* New South Wales team does not inclnde Murdoch, bnt the following names make np a strong eleven:—A. Banner man, C. Bannerman, Evans, Garrett, Jones, Marr, Massie, MoBes, O'Hanlan, Pope, ana Spofforth. It is announced that in consequence of the high percentage that the Cricketing Associa tion has demanded from the football clubs for the right of playing on the Oval during the forthcoming winter, the clubs will not use the ground. ThiB will mean a substan tial monetary loss to the Association. Savs|the Australasian:—" That was rather an abrupt termination to the match between a second eleven of the M.C.C. and the East Melbourne Rovers on the Scotch College ground on Saturday. The facts are as follow1The captains arranged that a hit to the inner edge of the rink. round the turf should count 4, and that a hit over the outer or farther edge should count 5- The Rovers were batting, and a fielder standing in the middle of the rink caught one of the batsman after the ball had passed the four boundary. and betore it bad reached the fave boundary. The umpire gave the batsman 'out,' where upon the captain of the Rovers objected, on the ground that the ball was dead after it had passed the four boundary, and that instead of being out the batsman was entitled to 4 runs. The upshot was that the Rovers would not continue the match, which was accordingly claimed by Melbourne. It seems to me that the captain of the Rovers took a wrong view of the matter. First of all the umpire's decision is final, but apart from this it is clear to me that the ball was not dead after passing the four boundary, for if : it were dead, then how could the batsman claim five for it if it happened after passing the four boundary to go clean over the five boundary 1 To my mind the ball was not dead, and tne batsman was correctly adjudged out." Jarvis sailed for Sydney during the week for the purpose of taking part in the coming match between Australia and England. I hear, bnt do not vonch for the accuracy of the statement, that the Hindmarsh are endeavouring to secure the services of J. Healy, the wicketkeeper of the East Nor woods. Is thiB an indication that the services of Jarvis are to be dispensed with ? The Caledonian sports will clash with the return match at Easter between the English men and a South Australian fifteen. In a match played at Somerton on Satur day. between tbe Somerton and Brighton Clubs, the latter in the second innings scored 4 runs. Green, who took 6 wickets for no runs, was chiefly responsible for the result. The .Middlesex kept possession of the wickets all the afternoon on Saturday against the Hindmarsh Literary and ran up 290 rubB. Greer carried his bat through the innings for 73. A prominent cricketer from Sydney (an intercolonial maul will visit Adelaide shortly and will remain three or four months. From the practice wickets on the Oval Georee Giffen occasionally hits a ball into the wrens Lake. The brothers Giffen are both veiy rongh on balls at practice. The Anna cricketers are anxious to have a match with Mount Barker on the Oval on the day following Show-day. Such a meeting would be of great interest to all players, and should be encouraged as much as possible. Hot enough is known of our country players. Mount Barker and Milang had an exciting match at Littlehampton on Saturday. These, I think, are the strongest clubs in the South. Both number some capital allround men. On this oecasion Mount Barker was vie torious, the scores being 82 to 59. Hopkins and Davenport were the principal scorers for Mount Barker, and Harben, whose batting would be a credit to any team, led the way for Milang. The English professionals are still pursuing their successful career, and up to the present time have not met with a single defeat. Including the Gympie match, 23 games have been played; 14 have been won by the Englishmen, 9 drawn, and none lost. On paper one or two of the drawn games appear to De against the professionals, but it is diffi cult to say what the results would have been had they been fought out. Out of four Cup matches played during the present season the Hindmarsh have won a [solitary game, and this against the Kensingtons. , „ Watling played for Melbourne against Castlemaine on Saturday and scored 11. Blackham carried his bat for 101. The Sydney Morning Herald says" The cricket match between Shaw's English Eleven and twenty-two of Maryborough District was concluded to-day (February 6), and resulted in a win for the Englishmen by 129 runs. The weather was agam cool and pleasant. There was a good attendance of.spectators, and the play was watched with great inte rest. Mr. Chappie, of Maryborough, gave a prize of 250 shares in a Gympie mine for the highest soorer on the English side, and this created keen competition. The Englishmen drew lots for the order of going in. As will be seen from the score, Scotton and Barnes both went in late. Ulyett batted in magnifi cent style, and never gave a single chance. He hit the ball frequently over the buildings on the ground. He went to the wickets first, and carried his bat right through. The dis trict twenty-two improved on their first innings as regards their batting display, yet they appeared to be paralyzed when con fronted by Feel. The locals fielded well, come very fine catches being made. In Mait land, Halpin, and Skinnerty they have three good bowlers. The following are the batting averages of the English Eleven np to and inclusive of the snatch against twenty-two of Maryborough, but the bowling averages are only made up to the match against the Queensland twenty two played at Brisbane:— BATTING. Batamen. a A n> o ™ o §> 2 9 § flU a H R < W. Barnes 28 996 4 41-12 <3.Ulyett 28 762 2 23-24 W. Bates .. 27 664 1 26-14 J. Briggs „ 28 613 8 24-13 A. Shrewsbury 34 612 4 2012 W. Scotton 82 603 2 20-8 W. Attewell 27 338 4 14-16 M. Bead 27 354 2 14-4 W. Flowers 29 369 12-11 B. Peel 28 197 8 11-10 •J. Hunter 21 137 6 9-2 A. Shaw 8 18 4 4-2 g 8 i> Bowlers. I *a -a *§ 91 s P 5 W. Scotton 28 8 4 3 2-2 A.Shrewsbury .. 28 13 2 3 4-1 3\. Peel .. 4,877 1,162 602 216 6-77 W. Bates .. 1,151 277 147 43 619 W. Attewell 2,967 669 466 81 7-2 W. Flowers 1,792 471 223 66 7-9 W. Barnes.. 1,069 299 153 28 10-19 <3\. Ulyett .. 726 232 82 20 11-12 J. Briggs .. 196 69 23 4 14-3 