LAZARUS IN LONDON. BY P. W. ROBINSON. Author of " Grandmother's a Waif:" " Mattie, a Stray j"! Speck f " No Church&c.; "Owen, he Black BOOK THE FIRST. THE SHOP IN SOHO. CHAPTER XXIII, A SKIRMISH IN FISHER-STREET. They were at work at the surplices, Lydia and Ella.—Lydia with her glasses on. They were both very silent and very busy. It struck me at once that they, had had a few words, aB Lydia, and Ella were bound to do if they were left long together, and Lydia was disposed to speak her mind—for Lydia's thin lips were just a trifle more compressed than usual, and there were two red spots on Ella's cheeks that were not there when I went away, and which anger or vexation of epirit" had burnt in. They had not been alarmed at my Long delay, my late companion having prepai-ed them sufficiently well for my taking " an evening off," it was evident. Ella confronted me with a half-smile, and Lydia said quickly— " Where's Mr. Wellmore?" " He's over the way looking at the fight," I said, as I took my hat off "What a horrid taste," said Ella; "but then he is horrid." It wculd be difficult to explain why I did not like any one to run down Ben Wellmore, or to take his part when I was running Him down for the matter of that; but Mla's remark jarred npon me very much. I left Ben for Lydia to defend, but Lydia said not a syllable, which was significant of the " few words" which had been exchanged between the half-sisters before I had arrived. Tbey did not speak now—there was another tiff— and I was sorry I had gone out. " You don't generally run down Mr. Wellmore, Ella," I said. " What has he done to offend you ?" " He has not offended me," said Ella, tossing her head; " but I don't like him any more—than you do !" "N—no?" " He's not a gentleman. He's very vulgar, and," added Ella, almost spitefully, " he gets worse and worse. I shall be glad when he's gone to America." "Gone where?" "To America." " I haven't heard anything about his going to America," I said. "He told me this evening before he went away," Lydia explained, " that it was very likely he should go." "Oh, did he?" And he had not thought it worth while to impart that piece of information -to me— thought it would - not interest me much, or was no business of mine, or had forgotten it! And I had forgotten that I had been asleep in the railway carriage all the way from Norwood to Victoria, 'and had not given him too much time to impart his news to me. " I shall be sorry to lose him," said Lydia; "I don't mean only as a good paying lodger, but for himself." "I shall be glad when he's gone," said Ella. Lydia did not condescend to reply to this little outburst; at an earlier hour she had received too stinging a reply to some words of well-meant advice which sne had proffered to speak to Ella any. more that evening; but she continued to address me individually— "He is an honest man. He is one who tells the truth. He is always kind and thoughtful. One can't help missing such a man—in Fisher-street," she added. " Yes* Lyd, he is a great favourite of yours I know," I said. " It's a pity the two of yon don't marry and go to America together," cried Ella, " as you have such a high opinion of each other." Lydia looked hard at Ella for an instant, and was nearly taunted out of her reserve, but she did not reply to her, and turned to me the instant afterwards. " You went right home with father ?" " Not quite. He wouldn't let me see him to the door." " I wish you had," she said, stitching vigorously, " but if he would not let you, there's an end of it, You are tired, Maud ?" " Yes, very. But I can do some work." "Not to-night," said Lydia, decisively; "it's too late for work. Besides, I don't want you to work, but to go upstairs to bed." I must have been looking very tired for Lydia to advise this, for I Knew that work was important just then, and Lydia was always anxious to keep us to work when the taskmasters were peremptory and pressing. I must have looked almost ill; some signs of the fears I had had might be lingering on my face, just aa the horrors of that day were still stamped upon my heart. " Yes, do," Ella said, too, regarding me more critically, as if Lydia's suggestion had surprised her also; " you are like a ghost tonight, Maud. I hope you haven't met one in the Norwood lanes. I had met the ghort of her old lover, perhaps ! but I could not tell her that. Probably I could have told one or two stories to surprise them, but I thought I would keep my news for a while, and that it was best. At this moment Ben Wellmore came into the shop and as far as the parlour door. I thought he glared at me too. Was I going to be ill, that everybody stared so curiously ? I felt only faint and dreadfully weary, that was alL "They've run her in," he said. "She's litched a whole handful of mud into the iarman'8 face, she's scratched the policeman down the nose, and eo they've trotted her off to the station, poor SaL" " Poor Sal, indeed!" said Lydia; " I've no patience with the woman.'' " I tried to get her away and have nearly got run in myself for interfering," he said. There, do you hear her shrieking now ?" We stopped to listen. Yes, they were like the shrieks of one possessed, and they rose sharp and piercing above the yells of the crowd, the roars of laughter, and the shouting of the people in the Btreets. " The old girl hasn't had a break-out lately," Eaid Ben; " but she has come into property, and is making up for lost time. Look here !—this is yours." He stepped into the parlour, and laid seventeen shillings and sixpence on the table. " Sal gave it me. ' Tell 'em I've spent only arf a crown on it at The Feathers,' she screamed," said Ben. " How did she get hold of a sovereign of yours ?" " She has had no sovereign of us." " She says so. Perhaps you're to beep it for her." " Or give it to Isaac," said Lydia; " that's what she meant, I daresay." No, she did not mean that, I fancied. She had taken it away from her father—it was most likely the sovereign which my father had given to Isaac Garbonsh. I must sit up now till Isaac came to put the shutters up in case of accident—in case of a chance word doing irreparable harm. I must fight my father's battle stilly and without any one knowing I was fighting if I could. Ben Wellmore lingered a few more moments, looking longingly at a vacant chair in the corner, as if he thought an invitation might have been gracefully made to him to step in and sit dovvh—as he had sat down so many times, and read to us whilst we worked—but receiving no encouragement, he said suddenly, " Well, I must get to business," and disappeared up the stairs after a general good night to us. For various reasons we were glad he was gone that night, and yet there had not been many times in our lives when we had all been of the same mind as to that. He had been one of us so long; if he had assumed on the position of late dayB, possibly it was our fault for having treated nim more like a brother than a lodger, for having called him Ben, for letting him call us by our Christian names, although he generally prefixed Miss before them to the last. That he interfered with our little plans, and expressed his opinions very forcibly, had lea to a distance between us now and then; but it was an interference based upon his interest in ns and our welldoing, and he was forgiven in due course, and sometimes without asking to be forgiven. And in the evenings when the days were drawing in, or taking their time after Christmas in drawing themselves out, it was pleasant to be read to whilst we worked—which he could do when he was not busy himself—and for the hours to be charmed away before supper with Dickens and Thackeray, with the weekly instalments which Keade and Collins were supplying then, even with the love Btories in the good old-fashioned Family Herald, when there was not too much love in them to make him blush GO the roots of MB hair for the extraordinary softness of his own sex in all amatory moments. Yes, they were happier hours than we bargained for, and it was not till we were looking back npon them and his place knew him no more that we felt this, and missed Ben Wellmore too much. Then the back parlour was strange without him, and there were times when one looked about wonderingly, and through a vague mist of tears, as if it were sc odd he had not come that night—as if it were unaccountable that he should be away ! S£T "Every saucepan has its cover." Ask for Bheingold Cigars branded B.G.D. in an oval, and take no other. 278-307vd TAR CAN'T PREACH Goon.—No man can do a good job of work, preach a good sermon, try a lawsuit well, doctor a patient, or write a good article when he feels miserable and dull, with slugsish brain and unstrung nerves, and none should make the attempt in such a condition when it can be so easily and chfeaply removed by a little American Co.'s Hop Bitters. Look for. 278mwtd 