' The Gladstone Almanac.' In New South Wales, where a writer, before denouncing some gross political job or drawing attention to the utter incompetence of some highly-paid but incapable official, has to con sider now ne snail apologise ana wunaraw 01s statements under the threat of a criminal pro secution, die sight of such a brochure as 'The Gladstone Almanac for 1885' is refreohing. It reminds him that while our legislators have been fighting fiercely for place and pay, or fostering class hatreds, other British communi ties have found time to modify die Libel Acts which were in force some 40 years ago. 'The Gladstone Almanac' was published by one of the best known and oldest establised firms in die world — Messrs. William Blackwood and Sons, of Edinburgh and London. It has been described by a leading Conservative paper in Australia, as 'an illustrated political squib of die most powerful though certainly vulgar and offensive kind. ... It cruelly quotes every statement made by Mr. Gladstone in contradiction of himself during his whole political career.' The cruelty to one man may be justified by die interests of die many. The influence wielded by any one man occu pying the position which Gladstone has filled for so many years is difficult to calculate, and for die second time (it is asserted) during his career he has dragged the name of Britain in die dust by his vacillating foreign policy. During the Rnsso-Turkish War, an article appeared in die Hamburger Reform, which gave an account of a show very popular at die time in Constantinople. The principal cha racter was a man dressed as a Britiih man-of war's man, with a huge flaxen wig to represent die lion's mane. He was seated at a table (which was covered with die Union Jack) with a long pipe, a copy of the Times, and a pot of porter. The other characters were typical of Russia, Germany, America, France, Turkey, &c; The whole of the performance consisted in die representatives of tiiese countries threatening to pull John Bull's nose, tread on his corns, spit in his face, or otherwise insult him, and die grosser die insult die more up roarions were the cheers and laughter of die spectators. When goaded beyond forbearance John Bull would jump up and threaten and bluster, but he would not fight, and when he resumed his pipe and his paper after each of diese I little ebullitions, die contempt of die audience was unmistakably demonstrative. The performance lasted from morning to night, and die house was crowded. The proprietor was, ro use a tnreatneat pnrase, coming money,' and, as the Reform said, die show did more to foster contempt for Britain than all the finely written articles which appeared in die magazines. The comic papers throughout die Continent were jeering and caricaturing die Englishman, while die so-called higher journals gravely argued tiiat die power of Britain, if ever she had any, bad passed away. A Russian paper published a statement to the eflect that Britain could only raise a limited number of men. Of these a considerable pro portion would have to guard India, where, it was said, some disaffection existed. Others would have to do garrison duty in Britain, while Malta, Gibraltar, and the colonies required defending. The conclusion was tiiat some 80,000 men were die most whom Britain could put in die field, and this number would be but as a drop indie bucket compared with what Russia could draw from her immense resources. It was at this time, when die name of Britain had been made a by-word and and a re proach for die nations by Mr. Gladstone, tiiat Lord Beaconsfield effected his grand coup. When the Tnd'an contingent was landed in Malta during die Russo-Turkish war the tone of die continental press changed as if by magic What Mi. Gladstone stigmatised as a theatrical dodge proved to European Powers tiiat die power of Britain was not a mere figure of speech : tiiat, instead of 30,000,000 there were nearly 200,000,000 to draw on, and that India, instead of being a weak point, was a source of immense strength to the Empire. It was spoken of in France as the most brilliant stroke of policy yet conceived. ' It not only proves that Britain's resources are immense, but it is better calculated to allay any disaffection which may exist in India than any other measure. There is nothing which so flatters an inferior race as to be treated die same as die superior one. If anything will bind die Indians more firmly to Britain it is putting them in die field with and treating them the same as if they were Englishmen.' ' The Gladstone Almanac' points out that this coup was received with a Gladstonian shriek of indignation in 1878, and initiated with ' Liberal applause' in 1882. The first illustration in the book savours of die prophetic The G.O.M. starts from his sleep and sees before him die ghost of General Gordon. The letterpress says, 'Jan. 1884 The too too late Government sends General Gordon to overawe the Soudanese witii a walking stick and a camel, 1884. Nov. 1884 — John Bull is overawed to find tiiat it will cost him .£10,000,000 to recover the stick and die camel — Retribution' Exchange. 