OUR DANGER AND OUR DEFENCES, TO THE EDITOR. Sir— Day after day and week after week the following questions have been asked:— Are we ready to resist a foe ? Have we sufficient nmmnnitJnn ? Tr our Militarv-road in sooi order? Are our forts efficiently manned .' Are our artillery properly horsed, or are they horsed at all ? Have we any torpedoes ? Are we going to have any or are they laid ? Have we placed guards at main headlands ? Are we going to place men under canvas ? Where is the most probable point of attack ? _ How many hours' notice will the Russians give us of their intention of bombarding us.^ And whether they will arrive during the night or broad daylight? Have the forts been fitted with the electric light? Have the steamers belonging to the Adelaide Steamtug Com pany been jretained for mounting long-range guns, and have we any such guns available, or are we going to procure them 1 Do the Govern ment think the Russians are going to be fools enough to go ripht up to the Semaphore to land— would cot the Grange or Glenelg suit them better ? Is Backstairs Passage to be blocked with torpedoes, and all vessels made to pass via Cape Borda ? Are we going to let the enemy land without opposition ? and last, but not least, are we going to make them a _ presentation and a testimonial 2 Such, Sir, are the questions I have heard asked, and therefore I am not surprised that the members of the present Ministry have availed themselves of the opportunity of recess of clearing out of town, some of them no doubt praying that whilst they were secure in Melbourne, Tasmania, Sydney, and New Zealand the Russians would come and help themselves. I quite agree with the Government in their policy of masterly inactivity ; it is quite in keeping with their usual profound statesmanship. Why should they trouble about defences ? What care they about the Russians? Bless my soul, Sir, the very sight of the present Ministry would scare all foes from our shores. If the aight would not, well, then, let them talk business with them for half an hour ; and if that would not satisfy them, well, it would be time to give up the ghost. But, joking apart. Sir, can you tell me when the Overland Railway will be finished ? I have, like each of the members of the present Ministry, a brave heart, but my legs are awful cowards, and they would like to fly to a haven of 8af ety when the Russians do come. Hoping I have not needlessly alarmed you, I am, Sir, &c;, M. B. GLITTERS. 