SURÎT ÍiÁTlVB GATHjBMjbG AT FIJI. (FM* °"» C0illlMWOXl)ixT.) j LEVUKA, ArniL 13. ki Bs«» mMt lmP°^»Dt native town in Fiji, litre ha* fi* ß"0? dayt been a great crowd of Fijiao 7\. j. w¿ oí Öi« r>a««r clama cf the people, Th« BWT **> *fl fc°noar o£ th« lat« Ywnivslu, th« ex» î£ _ TtikombiiLi sud had como toga th er to obierre tooaaoinding ceremonies of a aerwa of bonoum that I »iTib«« paid to him at various times during the last * Tfu*. Tn'8 p«tîeoUr occasion, ie called the Zfctirti,aIa' tha ukin8 Off thalaba upon clothes, ? the ptnniwion to wear clothes agolo." Not, v-evtr, that it ie Intended to imply that th« people íinbeea going naked, for that they wei did evan in .tar papa days. Eut when toe fc*7*« warrior ohiof , Soath S«i Iïluid .tatum an posted away an îjîct wu iamfldiatfly ieeued by his eldest non that jj thi ehiaf« laàin of Baa, together with to "people of ita dependencies, should clothe .¿icata* in wWfS, and wear no other coloured datiiag thia web. as, iu old Cambridge !Í3ÍMS*I WM °' "L0D,TQAK " OQP' ?» ?> considér- ai pirt of th« popnlation put on the trappings of woe, ai hive continued therein for two years ; and thia, lioaghtii natural lon of all Booth Sea Islanders, BB, iidnd, of il¡ tropical raoea, ia for gaily-coloured erna- nnt* wi clothing of th» very brightest hue. All nth £*a¿* ^7 uksS8< ÖO(i mQ,t remain BO util bj Another proclamation and on a grand publio poeuion tba taba be removed, and what waa tabu teoaa Un. And BO thia waa th« gathering for the Biüap tari tba aula (clothing) that waa taba, viz,, all bet rabfoik things. So lt waa oallod Na vakatarai <!r>]a. Foi montha har« the Fijians been looking for vird to thia Anal in memoriam and preparing for it pjipaing for it by carefully tending the boga that were to ba immolated lor the nomeroua feasts ; by mannfac* tyiig th« rnui and gita (native cloth, better known to Europe»! by the Tongan word " tappa ''). which vu » ba presented at the Katherine;; by plaiting in Baeirab!e mil!, fer the earn« purpose; and by iliiiily pr*ctl«ng and rehearsing aieke-ni-tu, the lUta dances which accompany large gifte from the «cola to their chiefs. It ia a politio Fijian custom, ind a T«V old one, that the " giving of their substance " ittrolJ always be done with demonstrations of joy. Onion exhortation, " Look pleased if you OTO not BO," j quit*, la accord with the senti monta of this people, nd, no matter whether a Kai Viii likee to thatch the loni of a 'hief or not. he malíes a tremendous shout hjoHi it, aa thoogh ha war« frantio with merrimont itbUhtppy«mployment: and whither he grudges lediecrtllrgiuablca over the valuables exacted from, Ha br hit uppaia an J bettere, or whether he la quito litiiifj to be-tow bia gooda-he dances vigorously all tiiume ai though po*ai6j<xl with infinite exhilaration it tba whola iii op. On tb« present demonstration the beling WIG doabtlesj íínctre with which the native ill was given, for Thskomfaaa wai at all times n great, lad during tho Mt« half of his life, a good Fijian, vio" eared for bia people and deserves to liva on in th¿ii rupeet and affection. And to for months the «enea of the Central Province*, have whick td away it the swltfiry dark, making the native cloth ; and fciTî oatitntiT plaited large mata out of the voivot a i'jmltH pandanas with long green leathery leaves, »nick ira iplit into atripi, and dried to a light yellow. Tbl min, too, bore i share of the burden of preparation, isdunifd the fat lid pi^s, mode cocoanut oil for per Ksal anointings, sod rsbeareed dBncce The people managed to gather on Bau some dava in fTKidtr.ce of the festival, and even they had been ?irtTiDtad" by a party nf Tongans, a large-bodied rut, with enormona capacities for food stowage, eo that a cc&ai;&rabie; qoastttj of the native staff of life and pit-giving concomitants muat have been supplied by ti» Tallara people, upon whom fell the principal borden of tba cummin»r¡at, not without receiving a ecDptCiition In the various valuables brosgbt by the pwpli whom they fed. In addition tothisjwould beth« arsival week itself, and th« maintenance also of the rjitcia who tardily retired from the arena of delight, fros the felicitous little Isle of Bau with its immenso leips of wealth and collected heaps of provision«. I itjls it the Carnival, because, like the great Venetian Gila, which cloaca the series of aombre weekB called Int, this was the closing of a two yrars sombro tso:?h ia all conscience, so far as clothing went The proceedings actually commenced on Monday afternoon, ilu:h 30, when the Oraleu natives opened the ball, pfutoting large quantile* of kerosene, and English or Gtnnio warte, they hu vin g the resources of Limb to draw upon. The - natives of Orilia a:oce ero« dt d the longest nativo loue in I'iji, N'a nln&î vuska (bead of tho pig*)< Hi] Honor the Administrator came from Suva and litatmd the proceedings, but left agBÍa for the Ofial that night, es ronte for Kadavu on n visit of ¡nipxlñfl. On Tuesday your correspondent proceeded ta Ban, in company w¡Lh tho manager of the Dank of >'(« Zealand bnd hia wife. Both oar banka ware Mf.iffQted at lhi> great ehíeí'e funeral, and the UBI ni tba eua on thia occasion; for not only bsd the ex-Vug a banking oceonnt, bur,, apart from that, all ¿ma araongat th« colonials eoaght to do him honour, Ta« trip from Levuka to Bau ie mad o in an open boat, fer the water i* for the moat part protected by sheltering mit, iona »ar and ioma af ar off. The dianne* ii, IIÍDJ the courge taken by boats, 27 British statute eilte, ind the direction from Levuka ie S.S.W. A (coi pavage míaos five hours on tbe way, an ordinary OES it seven boan, and our own was nearer 10 boure, fer ta« men had to poll the whole way in a "Paddy's Ennitua.'.' A tedious thine; to sit on the steaming "water »¡tb one's long lags cramped up in the sternaheeta eíi lost, and one's long back siro wt cut in two by «hat it leaned against A hot and fiery face, too, wai the eoafûrtib!» revolt of confronting the sun's reflection fran the wives. A ny ona who ba» doue as muoh boat* lui la Ki j I at I havs will novrr sprain in thú life take :toitÍDtpl-a¿ore. We bad to make a decidedly early flirt to catch the tide before it lett too bore the Motu riii fli'j, otherwîie we should have been benighted *Q3i*htia down by Viwa. tn a very meze of Intricate mfr, nod Hats, and coral patch«*, wherefrom we aloald have only eaciped aft« a deal of marine ßur nyicg,ind got to ñau at the weird hour of S in tbe Bwroiag. We, however, took time by the forelock, though in doing eo one of the craw had to be left bo hied, sn amergtucy man t eing petseed into bia place. It ii wily that t start like this is made without some (ES tba crew being at th- last moment found to be non af. For 17 years I have personally observed this to bi thea«, sod witneubd (sa well aa felt) any amount o! «uwration rta ul lieg from this national trait. Evtn ia Iii ca» of the sngust Sir Arthur Gordon, one of tea craw of hie berge or sig would be sway visit- ing a forty-fifth crmein somewhere in the vioinity, in the oopi of extracting a mat or something els o from him, and hUEicelleaoywouldbeoff without bim. Hisfscoon those oocsifoni did n"t (how all he felt, for his Exoollency lid hid tba benefit of an »arly diplomatic training; hat a gieit deal of grinding oí teeth and very profane ?language hu occurred in Fiji from this cause alon*. Baa waareaabad atlast, as sba stood Ilka a cosan larnosded by far-stretebidg sandbanks «nd ÍiiKfd>adgad reefs, with ic tri os te channels of water ud inlet* «han rode at anchor a fleet of vessels Woofing to high chiefs, and over all these marine ¡«najas sba stemed to ral«. Oat ca the distant banks vira groope of figures-men hunting for fish io the pout of aslt irater and under cavernous1 coral boulder*' Utir canoes moored with atakea olote by, ready to take wm to the kitchens on Bsa, where th« feast for the "7 was being prepared. Baa itself - was surrounded with bats and canosa-small craft of all sorU and râet-which, with their upstanding masts, formed a «frau* di/rue roond the Ul ind. On th» leeward dds (bits were tb ici wt, and a busy and curious scene pnstnted-r numbers of nativos la the water bathing, HTiral small partías traversing ' the shallows «tween tha leland and the main, the boats ud aboriginal craft manned by their caretakers; on shore a lively throng of m«D, women, « W"-" iU-at work getting' everything In ttain m Ul i^-fniachlagdemonstration, wbioh wu to .Uk« Wacs ia sn hour.. It aroa said by a lady to remind ^TWT-añthof Galls when, the mailboaU arrived '.-Native nunufacturea sod yama were being Wd iherat and set in order; and there WM oouildsr JJ* din; white teeth gliamed.and laughter rang' oat ty no meaos unmnai cally. Here, too, were dendiea f^ï themselves; others blocking, not their boots, oat their facas, sod Naging 0a« aide of the conata or meting ¿ed, the ahoulder; anti othera getting ^falTjistds' othair-.eUr^tiy got 'np, Hers a .Wurt mia brand some filigree work round his hair, ?td then a youth held a curred besrVtooth, which he *j» shout to suspend from hie nsek as soon as hil miUhVDtown bowmi-waa mads do*ix with sosuUd oit. For her« waa the green-room ot the time, end from this quarter, walled off {rom the open arena by honers,' wo .ld the dancer* emerge, to do their deeds of etato and solemn minuete. Moat of the rim of Bau bas been carefully reclaimed and built up with atones, and at low tide these facings were like ramparts of the land, and our party had to seal« them by means of steps very aUaply placed. Pawing through a few short lanes we wi re soon in the large oblong space in the centre of the town known ce the r&'a (elsewhere lu Polynesia, th« marac) ; thia was covered with short grevu giftts. aoo closed io by hourn, at ono ead hy handsome ancient trae». We mount a short stiff hill,.first pssjing between tbs great stono church, the Wesleyan Cathedral of Fiji, and the long new strängen' house, Naulnnivabka, fall of a crowd of OTUIBH men, to whose i Dhabi tat ion it had been given up. Up this hill, winding round where once stood tho horrid tree wbioh hore upon its bark the econ marks of the nambo? of tho victims cooked beneath it ; «nd exposed dependent from its brooches ghastly memento** of tho haman creatures eaten nesr its roots. Two pigs lay wallowing where, hard by the proseDt ohuroh, once Btood lu a lina the cannibal otana, of which limo all tho elder men now on Bau were contamporariee. On the crest of the hill to the left etood the roy ol grave of Tanoa (father of Cakoban), the duBt of which is sacred and only to ba touched by a very seiest few (and some of these not men of rank at ali). To the right stands a picket fenc*. through which, we pa»« by a sorrow gute «nd hey ! preato ! hero we are In a'aeetly cultivated garden, and a cosy English home stands before us. Marvel looa the change, and delicióos the quiet, after the soily basti« down below, aa we pace slowly down the straight garden path, with handsome ttopio blooms on either eldo, and graceful banana pleats and curious trew, ! making the place enchanted. This is the head-qasrtere of the Wesleyan mission, and hera we ware hospitably welcomed hy the Rev. V, Langham, th« chairman of i the à ut riot I did not observe that he was adorned with shovel bat, with either apron or gaitera; but if I function and actual work constitute a hi shop, then the ahief. missionary of Fiji is undoubtedly a member of tho episcopacy with a right good ece to ad m in ¡titer, and is the only one in fiji who, at the present timo, could possibly have a sofBciently large Bphere of ac- tion and numerous clergy and flock to make it worth while assuming tho title of blub op. Mr. and Mrs. Langham very kindly '»pat us Up " («nd e good many others beside na during tb» carnival werk), and aft« som« bathing and refrt-sbmont, the visito» enter thi studv and inspect the fine colleotion of curios from New Britain, Saw Ireland, and the mountains of Fiji, the principal part of tb« mueoam consisting of lethal weapons; for the proprietor, though of pacific func- tions, ls by nature a man that delights in war. Dut a little girl, who k«pt heraelf thoroughly informed ol what wae going on in the town, cama bounding inte eay proceedings had commenced io the raia, sud to we started for the tight*. And them tbi Baa city below us swarmed like a humar anthill. There were about 3OC0 people on tho lilot and they wore poising in throngs through tho lance and about the arena, and even climbing or deecending thi hillsides. Presently all tat down, and with a shoal therB hastened into the eqnare a party of men bearing on high a kind of etaging, with railing on it, contain inga heap of fin« mate, each one rolled np, and thi whole n-aking an imposing pile Eamon ot cd by bombo* rods, with streamers flying. This imposing etrnctaro with its staggering bearorf, waa hailod with a rapturoui shout by tho multitude teated on tbs grass. Aft« i came on -a long procession of meo. the individua members of wbioh were charcoal blackened (mo* superüuoQB ornament), and decorated with euapendei article« of »irti* (fiom a Fijian point of view), wbil their heads were adorned with meet exaggerated chig none, quite aa nal an waa th«- coae with many of th Sydney belles when thew« e'.raoge appendages to th back of the head were in faebion. Each man carrie: a roll of matting, some embraced three, and ii tbs left hand dan gi td a bottle of ecentfd cococ nat oil, Intended nat aa au illuminant, hu for the lubrication and odoriaation of th brown human form divine. Looking straight shea with solamn vîeage, eich man marched erect and noise leas with dignified ctrriace, like a line of heroes frat the Fijian Had*s (Bola), and took up a position i lins on the farther side of the oblong rora. ' At a won as from the colonel of the r cpi tn ont, their arme wei extended io the air, and in elow movemont with wot derful regularity and coatemporaceouanefs of actio tbs dance began. The words, a« they were chant&d; i s modulated baritone, wera »ot out-y to catch, even b native listeners, and tho cc ti 0113 were not so palpable i their motive and obj oct BB to be capable of explanetioi It may be doubted if th« partieB themselves cool explain them ; all they know ia that their forefathei did like that, and there lean opening here for som F. A. S. to step io and explain to the.Fijians why the go throagh these curious motions. liut the minne step was grand. How it would hov« been appreciate in the good old dsya of stately and precito Queo A one. Pompous men are not generally very ei ter tainin c. nor waa thia stylo of pexfoimanc whioh might ba voled " decidedly flow "; bot theio waa oomething to admire in the Tine physique, toll flgurea, and capacious cheeta of mooy of the nun. Were their actual strength but in proportion to their imposing framework, sod even wero their staying power equal to their temporary strength, these Fijians would be fine ellifs and formidable foes. As it ls they are delicate Howers. One ret of prerent-bringora having danctd their rill, another file of men took possession of the arena. More maid, long strips of mo*i (whito native cloth), and (jnantilifs of bottles, porter bottles, rquaro gin bottles, liqueur bottles, even sauce bottles, quito a curious collection of the genus bottlo which it would require an'old toper accurately to recognise and de- nominate- and fall of oih Then equaro tina of kero- sene, and all finished up with another gesturing "make," v*ry much like tba preceding one, its twin brother in fact. Away with that party and, ushered in by n Bhoat, comes os the third and conoiading company of the day. Men march ia bearing gigantic pieces of '"gata" (ngahtoo) over IOU yards long, and from eiz to eight' feet wide. These are Gilled by tho expressive name of " katudrau " (kahtoondrow) or " hundred fathoms," from their length; and they are made of very Btout white cloth, beaten from mulberry bark, which is printed in elaborate designs of a reddish brown colour. Thiels sn old art amongst tbs people, derived from Tonga, bat at least ono modern improve- ment hos been embodied therewith-the addition of the presenter's name. - Aa you see Horrocks' A on bolte of calico at Christopher Newton Brothers,, eo on an enormous slioe of fabric carried across the Bau green, stood out in bold Roman capitals " Sotarako" (Sh ad roch), which was possibly tbs name of a chief or headman, whpso tribeswomen bad patiently wrought and joined and printed this impeling piece of handiwork. For some minutes these great strips and large pieces of white and coloured textiles e oom ed to come into the raro. They almoet floated in, lightly held by young i men, stepping briskly ; and the light ovenlng airs, catching the fabrics, lifted them. Their appearance ! waa greeted with shrill yells of admiration and pleasure. At aa order given, mea rc« from among the spectators and cleared the ground of all ita deposito, bundling th« mosi and gatu Into billowy heaps, and walking off with it, piled on their heads and supported by outstretched arms, The bottles, whian lay as though marking a dobauch of giants who had taken a bottle fal at a draught, were removed in boxes or along by cords across poles. In- cessant waa tho jingling, and tinkling, and tho ringing of glass. A peculiar gleam of evening shone for a mínate or two on the great aassmbly and gave a light effect, for which the Bausas hove the poetia distinctive name of " Karawa ss ni co " (Oreen like the flower of grass), and during this sheeny light the third dance ended, amidst the vociferations of the crowds of ob- servera. Each of thsee displays and performances had It« distinctive name. Ko, 1, by the Koro folk, waa the "Ueatua ki waga" (Ilain falling on the canoe); No. 2, by Noire! people, was " Na logo ai dave " (Drift of the flood): and Ko, 8, by a part of the population of the large island of Oau, wss poetically named " Ken ni seva " (Calling for the south wind). I mast say that I have 'Bsoh very mach finer, more deebing, and eras exalting danesa in Fiji, suoh ss "The Flying Foxes," or ''The Broken Waves," endothers. At night» si we sat In the delicious moonlight on Mr. Lsnghara'a verandah; oar abat was constantly interrupted by com- panies, squads, and strings of mea who wanted to drink' from the mission water-taoka ; 8000 men on Bau, and no water supply, except In small quantities from the mainland ! Lots of ysnggona to be mada, arid no water to mix with, the chewed root 1 . Mr. Langham having donned the blue, ribbon, turned' »way the bankets that oom* for water for the parpóse aforesaid, bat allowed bona-fid* drink*** ta na« what fluid rem lin ed in hil tanks, and they kept at it until 12 o'clock at night, not even troubling in their gratitude to ibut the gate after them, and so the cattle got in and made havoc of the bananas in the garden. Next morning spplîcants were almost ns numerous, and not for watjr only, but for Epsom salts and aye lotions--a regular tax and con- tinual bother. Alt eagle aye was kept upon the gate, nevertheless, and a stirring quality of tight down good Fijian scolding and sarcasm poared out upon the ingrates, who, having drunk their dil, left the (tarden j gato open again, The forenoon wis devoted to calli upon the elite of Bau. Flrat to Andi (Lady) Kuila, a handsome matron daughter of the late king, with a noble I fae« and piioceesly beating. Her house waa full of boxes and all sorts of nativo valuables, and asar her Bat a bevy of Tongan ladies. At bar right was her sou Batu Ban, who r-ptaka remarkably good English. Next we wended our way past nouses, with pretty shrubs growing by them, to where a roee-garden of Andi Kaila's bloomed within a fence, and on to a snug little bower on s breezy point, whore sst the biggest woman in the country, Elenoa, widow of tho great Tongan chief, Masfu, sn enormous lady, but a lady still, who apoke her Tooguesa with a mellifluous voice. Her grand- daughter, a fine girl of 16, with prominent features, quite opposed to the popular idea of a South Bea coun I tenance, oat with her ; and at tbs and door were men I employed in soanting rsBned cocoanut oil with the I kernel of tho m akita (Porinarium laurie om). Leaving the stout lsdy with bows, inspection wss made of a larca cooking pit, with ita stone« heated ready for giving proper attention to two enormous hogs that lay freshly killed hard by ; also we looked at the Motoi weilagi olilT, whioh Thakombaa denuded of its deli i cate mosses and pratty ferns, and converted an Interest« ing stady into a staring red scaur-all ont of compli- ment to Sir Arthur Gordon, who was on his first visit to him at the time. iThe large stone oharoh was thea entered. Big lettered texts of Scriptare adorned the most prominent parte of the interior, done in tba Fijian language, and beautifully worked by. aa English lady ; but who this English lady ie, it teems, has- not yet been oscertainable by anyone concerned. The strange stone font of ghastly meteoric*, having served for immemorial years In front of the chief heathen temple, whore the beads of victims weio dashed against it in offering to tho gods, was tho lest object of interest os wo turned out of tho Wesleyan minion church. Now to a heap of great fiat stoß aa and a high1 mound, the foundaiion of the heathen tomplo aforesaid, and on to a house whore tho Tongan embassy was to be found. Oa entering we observed the interior temporarily divided into low compartments by tho aid of mats and sticks. Into those compartments the inmates had skedaddled upan oar approach, sud were hastily don- ning their better clothing, in which to appear before our party ; Dud eo, strangely enough, ss we stood erect In tho centre ot the house wa overlooked tho boudoirs and dressing rooms of the Tongans, and saw them working herd at their toilet. A curtain of gatu had been dropped before the leading chief, and we therefore waited till he was ready to give audience. At length tbe curtain ro;o end revealed a stately old man, well habited Tonganwlso, aud bearing himself with a majeatto air, without affectation, that marked him as a tao chief. Thia was Latui, a brother of King George Taboo of Tonga* Naxt prossnted him Eslf a man of a different type, Jcmesa TifitJ, notorious in the annals of Fiji at a timo when the Tongans wero what they certainly aro not now-a power in tho group. There was little of majesty in this man, but plenty of force of character, sod though pos- sessed of a cheery bonhomie, there waa that in his vieage which rpoke of a capacity to do some of thosB ugly things whioh are, at any rate, reported of him. A jolly littlo Tongan boy, of tho highiet rank, with his merry fece and frank saucy eyes, m aie sa admirable set-oil to tho sage, wily, diplomatic, forceful mon beside bim. Next him eat a goad-looking aont with a quita patrician faoe; sad above all, on a raised place, presided the dignified old Tongaeeo prince, liko an imago of Buddha. The well-kept premíete of Katu Abel, the now supremo chief of Baa and its neighbourhood, were now approached ; but on hearing that the chief was lunch- ing privately we hurried away. In at the doorway of a house w« taw a Delilah «hearing a Samson's locks with s pair of aciseors, he lying with his head ia her lap in tho moat perfect contenu At the ntxt doorway sat an elderly Bau chief with a great Black of yanggona roots piled on the roadway beforo him. "llave you a blue ribbon i" Inquired bia pastor. " No," said he in reply ; " but I will get one as toon as all thia etuff is disposed of." It was now time for ns to take our deportare. We pulled away from Bau at 3 In the afternoon, ead rowad on past reefs end mudbsnks in the hazy air, with tho water warm, and smooth as a mirror. When at night tho moon rou and shod har beams through the curioai and unusual baie, all things bore a strange and ghost- like appearance. Islands loomed ia unwonted guise through the illuminated mist, palms looked large, and islets seemed quite to belang to Fairyland. The land- scape and the seascape appeared mystic and unreal, and wa were gliding phantomwiee throogh phantomland. At ll p.m. we were ia Levuka, «nd wending homeward through tilent streets. At Bau the carnival went on, ltBtisg tba whola week through, tbe Bau State Mike of chiefs and ladies being enacted on tho Friday ; and now that It ls over the nativta can put on gay clothing, and rival Solomon in all his glory. What a joyful change for them 1 The j ara fond of colours, and give attention to drees, and often with good effect. Life mast have regained iti ancient savour, and the butterflies will once mort flutter in tho san. It will give a nsw im -petes to trade, and to ono's entbutiaetio hopes spring baa come, and tho land will be adorned witt colour. Aad not alone will the net i vee thtmeelvei rejoice, who can now barst the chrysalis case, aud th< traders begin to maka hay in the aaosbine, but admir ing Boectators generally will not ba corry to see th< miserable mourning put on one aide, The drapery ol woo is not altogether pleasant to the ey« when worn bj wbita-akisned denizens of Northern Europe-thongs tome exception may perhaps ba made tn tho casa ol charming yoong widows who look well io their weeds -but on a Fijian skin black clothing simply lockt hideous ; the coleara ref na« to blend, and the c-fftct ii repnlBivo end ghastly. Bat Ut aa jone see the parterre like glow of colour at a holiday gathering oa th« Levuka llecreation Ground whon Fijians, Polynesians, SamoanB, and balf-caatta meet with their whitei hnman kind ; or view tho iiraeenution of colour in th« Bau conjrregotion on a Sunday morning, when BOBTIBI silks and green velvets, yellow satine and rich stuffs, edged with lace, yield a study that would delight Burne Jones, who would also love to point the smooth brown aecha and shoulders, with golden lockets and jeweller? resting upon them ; and then tho general satisfaction ol white and block alike will bo understood at thc Vakatarai Sula. 