SPOTTING NOTES. By Newmarket. j Tin weather on Saturday morning did not ! look very encouraging for the prospects of the racing at Flc-mington, but, fortunately, the sky cleared before noon, and the after- nooi kept fine. The field that went to the post for the Maiden Hurdle Race were a very creditable lot, and 1 faney that some of those who finished behind the winner will be heard of again to advantage Hippogriff, who was thought to possess a good outside show lor last year's Derby, is a son of Aldinga, and was brought to the post in excellent condition by T. Jones. Lady Ashton treated the onlookers to some sensational fenoing in the Maiden Steeplechase, but I could not understand the wisdom of allowing i one in her condition to cut out the running I at each a strong pace. Betieent. who had a I lot the beet of the condition of any of his I opponents, reelly won in a walk. The 8outh j Australian representative. Brown Eagle, j shaped very indifferently, but Signal wasgoiDg j very well until he wrenobed his shoe half off 1 and was pulled up. Were it not for the oir- | eolation of the statement that The Agent was not doing well, and bad a cold and divers other ailtoefats, the son of Slanderer 2 would have been more extensively backed by the publio. As it wal, however, ifiatty would not let him run against tbem, but backed bim in spite of the rumour that he would Dot be a starter. The obeBnut was really tbe only horse in the race, for though Guardfish would, no doubt, have had a better chance if he had been ridden with more patience, I feel confident that The Agent wonld have beaten him under any circum stances. I would be sorry to estimate I Huntsman by his Saturday's running, and 1 wueo ne gets a uisie oener seasuoeu ne win, I feel sure, render a better account of himself. | The overthrow of Sheet Anchor was 8 2 surprise to many, and, of course, there 2 is no lack of eXciises for his 1 defeat. While agreeing that Omadhaun j greatly interfered with him, I thiDk it will be found that an aoeomplished hurdle-racer | like The Agent can always give a beginner | 81b and » beating, especially when the | weight on the novice is elose upon list. I 2 never saw a more silent crowd than that | which Btood round the weighing enclosure | whe-> the horses returned to scale after | running in tbe Grand National Steeplechase. 2 Not one dbeer was given for Wymlet or Corrigan, while the gallant performance of Denmark was unheeded Owners patronised tbe principal events cf the V. A.T.C. August Meeting very liberally on Monday last, and, other things being eq<ial, | tbe meeting ought to be very successful, j | There are forty-six youngsters engaged in i the Sapling Race, and it will be interesting to 1 observe how those juveniles which go to the post acquit themselves. Quite a number of interests are represented. Mr. S. Miller has three to his name, and, as usual, this gentleman has shown his oustomary originality in asigning nameB to his young st oak. Sir William Clarke has Washington and Anita to represent him, the last j named being a half-eister to Tyrcpean, f Mr. E. Weeks has nominated three, and I Mr. J. Wilson will rely upon Progressive, a daughter of Progress and Loyal Maid. For the Hurdle Race twenty- nine have been j entered, ino'uding soob celebrities as The | Agent, Sheet Anchor, Guard Fish, and The | Ghost. A modeet half-dozen are engaged in j the Selling Race, but the Caulfield Grand | National Steeplechase boasts of an entry of I twenty, among which are Denmark, Buzza, j Lizette, Deceiver, Morven, Governor, and I Retioent. For the Balaclava Stakes no less than forty-three have been entered, so that I Mr. Barnard will have his work out out to | bring the lot together. I If the weather is fine to-day, there should I he a large attendance at the Williamstown | Winter Meeting. Arrangements have been I made for the despatoh of a couple of special j listtiiiq tU iuH tXHirDPi Suu RB tu6 iBBu iftOfj W1U be over at 5 o'olook. those who make the journey may rely upon reaching town in good time. So much depends upon owners' inten tions that I hard y know what to reoommend for the different events. AU going well, how ever, perhapB Footman or Devilshoof may pull through in the Hurdle Race. Achrnet and Brella look best in the Railway Stakes, and I like Stadley and Berrigan in the AlnAnlnnVlAaA T.ittla ITanra ahmLA I. AL. JJHItO JAIU UUgUb iU Will IOC Selling Race, and Bohemian, Phantom, and Footman are a likely trio in the Epsom Handicap. Members of the Victoria Racing Cluh are reminded that their subscriptions will be due on Saturday, 1st August. The general meeting of the club is fixed for the 3'd prox , as menzies notei, when toe proposition that | the committee be empowered to grant a I gratuity to tbe widow and family of the late j judge (Mr. James Johneton). The other j business will be to receive the batanoe-sheet j for the past year and elect six members of | committee, in the place of Sir William | Clarke, Messrs. C. B. Fisher, Samuel j Gardiner, S. Miller. G. Watson, and the Hon. I W. Pearson, all of whom retire, but offer | themselves for re-eleotion. I The balanoe-sheet of the Victoria Racing | Olub for the year ending June, 1885. has been issued, and will be brought before the | next meeting of the elnb. The statement j shows that the laBt spring meeting resulted | in a profit of £12,622 17s 10d., and no less a j sum than £4.009 10a. has been reoeived on j | the bookmakers' registration account. The committee of the Sydney Turf Club met last week, and decided upon tbe pro gramme for the October meeting, which is to comprise two handicaps, a Hurdle Race, and a Belling Race, of 100 sovs. each, and I the Sapling Stakes, of 250 sovs. It was also decided to give 250 sovs. to a ateepleohaee at tbe May meeting. | No name was better known in Tasmania I than that of Mr. Samuel Blackwell, and the j many friends of the veteran sportsman will 1 regret to hear that he died at his residence, I Melton Moabray, a little more than a week I ago, from an attack of paralysis, at the age of I seventy years. Daring his racing oareer Mr I Blackwell owned several good horses, but the J most oelebrated were old Panio and Nimble - 1 foot. Messrs. W. 0. Yuille and Go. submitted a I forge number of racehorses to auotion at 1 Tattereail's Bazaar on Monday last, but only j three were disposed of. Mr. T. Jones gave | £100 for a good-looking brown oolt, two years oH, by St. Albans from Naomi, by I Manuka, and I thought Mr. G. Glasscock got a bargain in Riverton. who only brought 40\. This horse ie by R ngleader, and from ! he style he shaped In the Maiden Steeple- 1 chase at the V.R.C Winter Meeting on Saturday, it iB evident that he WBOe ceverely. Concord, the hurdleracer went to Mr. Oripps for £3& Umberto, Inglesides, Oculist, and several others were passed in. ' - Lanoer, tbe winner of the veoent Brisbane Gup, it is said, has been purchased by Mr. T. Ivory, of New Sonth Wales. After various shifts, Yately bas found an elysium at last. From Queensland I hear that the son of Warlike and Ariel will stand near Oharlville, Queensland. Mr. C. J. Penfold has forwarded me a neatly got op pamphlet, containing the pro gramme of the Canterbury (N.Z.) Jockey Olab for the season 1885 6. with a list of nominations for all events closed to date, aud tbe winners of tbe prinoipal races In New Zealand. Tbe olub has three gatherings in tbe season, commencing with tbe Metro politan meeting, which is fixed for the 10th, 12th, and 13th November, the chief items being the New Zealand Cup, of 100 sovs, j O J.O. Derby, of 500 eovs , and Canterbury Oup, of 500 sovs. Foremoif among the events to be decided st the summer meeting on tbe 1st and 2nd January, 1886, are the Middle Park Stakes, Midsummer Handicap, and Grand Stand Handioap. The first- atned event possesses some novel featores, which might with advantage be introduced in Victoria. The race ie for two-year-olds and three year-olds, with penalties fcr winning a race of any description ; tbe progeny ol sIaIIiami. aw mama no li info hftlMI flAVAf nrr DtBUIUilQ UA iDEIiUO nuswu v - doeed a winner are allowed 51b, aod maiden two- year olds at the time of starting will be allowed 5lo, and maiden three-year- olds 101b, in addition to tbe breeding allow ance. The distance is six furlongs, and fillies are allowed 31b. Such an event as this, I should think, would prove highly attractive at soeh places as Oaulfisld i»nd Elsternwick Park. There will be two daypj racing in April, when the Great Auiamn Handicap, of 300 sovs. ; Champagne Stoker, of 300 so vs., for two-year-oIdB ; and Cbal lenge Stakes, of 300 sovs., will be deoided. Last week Mr. I'. S Clibborn disposed of Ring's Own to Mr. Kinsela for 165 guineas ; and if the son cf Goldsbrough and Priacesa Alio-) is sound, he is a perfeot gift at tbe price. Ye Ancient Paul found a new ownsv j in Mr. A. D Clarke, who gave 45 guineas f r bim. Hopbine, by Maribyrnong — Mies | Walton, went to Mr. H. Stockdale for 22 guineas; and Countess, by Yorkshire — Hero, was bought by Mr A. D. Clarke for 46 guineas. The Waverley studmaeter has had another stroke of ill luck in tbe loss of the br ed mare Young Prudence, one of tbe marea purchased by Mr. Agnew from Mr. W. | Ford, of Circular Head. Young Prudence ( ay ' Tarn O'Shanter ') was a daughter of Peter Wilkins and Prudence, who was by Jersey from Black Sal, by Wanderer, etc, Tue mare in her declining years nad gone off her -feed, and whHo nibbling a dainty morsel out of her reach, she somehow cr other became entangled in the surrounding woodwork, wrenching her neck so badly that she died a abort time afterwards. The best of Young Prudence's prodooe was tbe steepleobaser Echo, formerly owned by Jce Powell, and now located in New South Wales. Echo was tbe get of C«=r v us, acd since then tbe mare has foaled to Castle Hill, St. Albans, Napoleon, Manuka, missing to Lpidist last year. Possessing the same blood as Pocahontas, Waverley, etc., Mr, Agnew was anxious to secure Young Pru dence for his erud, and had the m»re bets younger, the loss would have been moie serious. Early in the week Mr. Barnard i»saed the 1 weignts tor tne Ueelong Winter Meeting, ana j so well has he performed his task that it is | difficult to point to one horse whose ohance j has been made to stand out beyond that of J another by reason of handicapping. Old | Star looks as well as anything in the Hordle Race, but Fiamborough, Vuioan, Footman, Devilshoof, Nutlad, Grattan, aod Ebony | have all got convenient weights. Irrake 2 beads the liBt in the Railway Stakes with 9st 41b, but I prefer the chanoes of Primus, i$-r Charles, Rebus, Fernside, Gipsy's Warning, and Cb&ndos.; In snob company Colebrook is not badly used in the Sleepl-ouas-, ntr can the owner ot Stadley complain at Mr. Bftrfiftrd fl MtimAtA nf foia hnvso .Qilvor ITtrifv | is awarded the post of honour in tbe Winter I Handicap, but I should think that Moonahce | and St. Lawrence bold him quite safe. Grace j Darling is a really good mare, and is quite at | home with 8st 31b, but 1 should think that I Irralee at 31b less ought to beat her. 1 Britisher should give a good account of him- j self with 7:t lllb, and Doncaster, Athenian, j and Footman are all leniently enough treated j However, next week I shall endeavour to | make a more definite selection. j A number of metropolitan sportsmen J assisted at the Deniliquin meeting on Tuesj 2 day and Wednesday last, wbioh ws | inaugurated by W >iiam Tell winning tbe I u ®anoaP ,r - Kisha, Ragman, and j half a dozen «ithers. c.c Charles was thought j s good thing for the tv&rbreocan; Handicap, | but he suffered defeat from Kisha. Of the other eleven starters, Fair Play and Novelette | finished so close together that the iudge was unable to plaoe a third horse. At the first obstacle in the Hurdle Race Equity fei", and Joes Indian Queen ran off, the favourite, Brown Girl, eventually winning easily from Mane and Letitia. Tautaliser made amends for his fall at Flsmington on Saturday by appro priating theDeniliquin Jockey Ctub Handle , ' felog seoond» and Where's the Ca third. William Tell won ths Midwinter Handicap, with Athenian second, and Trifle 1 Q eruef oarried «« the Maiden Plate, aid Sir Charles beat MableGray, Swivel, and others in the Woolbrokere' Handicap. Denmark won the Steeplechase easily from Blackthorn. Marie won the Seoond Hurdle Race, and TaotaUser beat Sir Charles, Brawkt ana 100 othEr#' ia the Dsdie Taking the ope from tbe result of recent proceedings in Sydney, prohibiting cash Dewing, httperintendent >aalier has sent the following notification to the socrewrieg of the various raring clubs "As cash betting ie illegal, and in otaer you may assist tne. pones inputting a .to, to it On ths course under your control, I beg to forward for your mform4tion a copy of sug rations I submittf d to th® secretary of toe V.R C. (Mr. Byron Moore). I shall be glad if they meet with your approval, and the t the pofio i my have yoor aerial ance at-d that cf your officers in earryiDg oat the lew. The sug gestions referred to are — 1. That you dieailow soy fixed poet, staud, box, etc , on any past of the ground, for the use of any persona betting. 2. That notiees may be posted in gaon places aB yoa may think fit, warning at! persooB that cash betting is illegal. 2. that yoa instruct the officers of the clab to assist . the police in its prevention. 4. That yoa 1 withdraw or cancel any existing notice or i regulation by the clab that might be ander- stood as recognising cash betting on the j course at any time, or under any ciroum- stances." As far ab the V.R.O ia concerned, the numbered posts which were allotted to bookmakers on the hill have been removed gome time, and at the winter meeting on Saturday no ead or grumbling was heard on Uie hill by backers, who by no means relished the change. St. Lawrenoe has been etruok out of the Metropolitan, and Duke of Athol and Revenge have been eoratohed for the Mel bourne Gup. tfmm New Zealand I learn that the Victorian -bred horse Theuge, by Tim I Whiffier from Lapwing, has gone to the! gtud in the Palmerston district. | M eesrs. J. Wilson, sen., B. Orr, and W. j Reunieon have been appointed to judge the jumping of hunters at the forthcoming 1 National Agricultural Show. Leo was so badly injured by his fall in the Grand National Steeplechase on Saturday that he had to be destroyed. The loss of so 1 good a horse as the Bis tern wick Park Gr-nd National winner is a great misfortune far his j owner, Mr. B. Bond, who was offered £300 lor the so n of King Tom and Brevis a few days before the race. The hurdle race horse Guardfish, by Sword- fish — Maid Marion, was sold at Kirk's Bazaar, Tnursday, to Mr. Oliver, for 275 guineas. His goable companion. Echo, by Lottery — Mid night, was passed in at 155 guineas. I jThe half-yearly meeting of the Victoria Trotting Club was held on Wednesday at No, 100 Bourke street west, Mr. H. Chapman presiding. The balance sheet showed the assets to be L5.020 3s. 6d., and liabilities L 293 8s. 7d., leaving a balance in the club's favour of L2,726 14s. lid. The expenditure, including L2,296 14s. 9d. from last year, reached L5, 447 17s., and the receipts L3,260 lis. lid., thus leaving a deficiency of L2,187 5s. id. The report and balance-sheet, which met with a favourable reception, were adopted, and the meeting terminated. 