THE AFGHAN DIFFICULTY. The Russian Abmy and Navt. The uncertainty whioh prevails withregard to the relations between England and Bussin owing to the Afghan frontier question, im parts additional interests to tho state of the Russian military and naval resources. The condition of the army of Russia was fnlly dealt with in an article whioh ap peared reoontiy in thoae columns, and it will now bo sufficient for the purpose to state that, omitting from our calculation noncoubatants, Euasia would, in case of war, be ablo to place in the iiold at once 758,000 infantry, 53,000 riflemen, 66,000 cavalry (included in which force there would bo 14 independent cavalry divisions, with 108 guns), increased immediately by about 48,000 combatants by tho formation of 79 additional Cossack rogimont ; 88,000 artillery, with 3,450 guns; and 35,000 engineers. Tho abovo figures aro based upon a work published quito recently on the Russian army, whioh enables ns to form an accurate estimate^ the ,laud forces at tho disposal of Russia. The figures given show that that country possesses a fiold army of 1,038,000 combatants, with over 3,600 guns. As, however,, according to the same source, iu case of a mobilisation, an infantry reserve of 400,000 men would at once be available, the grand total of a possible Russian field army could be raised to 1,438,000 men. But this does not by any moaua represent the real fighting strength of Russia, for there-is available a Becond reserve, the first-class of which would supply nearly 2,0(J0,000.mon, whilst no ostimate has yet been formed of tho number comprised in the eooond-class. It has been observed by a recent writer that Russia is practioally unassailable in Europe by England, To some extent the justness of hia conclusions must be ad mitted ; but surely he cannot overlook tho faot that in case of hoatilitiua the Russian navy could not hope to successfully cope witn that or uroat .Britain. Alarmists in this oountry notwithstanding, our navy ia still a weapon not to be despised, and thu Russian Government knows very well that great injury could beinilioted by our ships. At the aaine time, it would be folly if we omitted to take into account the defensive power, auoh as it is, which Russia possesses in her navy. It is true that navy within recent yeurs receded from the third posi tion which it formerly occum'od, to the seventh place among naval Powers ; yet it is still formidable enough to be respected, as the following statement will show. Tbo Russian navy is divided|into four divisions, the Bultio fleet, the Black Sea fleet, the Siberian fleet, and tho Caspian fleet, of which, however, only the first two need be taken seriously into account. The writer proooeds to givo a description of the two lloota mentioned from which it appears that the Baltic, comprises 246 vessels of all clusseB, including 32 ironclads, 5 of which aro undor construction, and tho Black sou floot 117 vosseloof all descriptions, some of them, (however, very old. The three most powerful, ships of that division of the Russian fleet are still undor con struction. As was stated above, the Siberia and Caspian fleets do not^count for tnuoh, and the latter would only come into re quisition in case of an Afghan or Persiau war for tho transport of troops; but to mako this return comploto they should ba included. The Siberian fleet comprises 6 torpedo boats, 1 clipper, 3 transport vessels, 4 gunboats, 14 Btuainors of various sizes, and 18 sailing vessols ; total 46 vessels. Tho flotilla of the Cuspian consists of 3 screw gunboats, 1 screw steamer, 7 paddle steamers, 8 small steam vessels, 8 Bailing transports, 3 other sailing vessels, and 3 firo-Bhips ; total 33 vessels. . As tho Cas pian would, in case of a war with Afghan istan, bocooie an important )route of com munication, the deficiency of steam trans ports ought to be noted. Russia also possesses some naval material on the sen of Aral, consisting of six stonamrs and about 29 sailing vessels ; but leaving thesa as ire material, out of the reckoning, the sum total of the Russian navy amounts to 442 vessels of all descriptions. Of this number however, a great number are almost use loss ; and, confining ourselves to really efliciont ships, we tind that Russia has oniy 185 of them available for servic«, 25 being ironclads (10 battlo-ships, 13 coast defence vessols of the monitor class, and 2 anuoured gunboats), 1 torpedo ram cruiser, boats, 29 unarmoured cruisers, and 16 gunboats besides a large number of trans ports, &c.; We have not included in thin estimate ouo casemate ship and five battery ships of an old type, nor the two Popofikas ; nor, finally, gunboats and cruisers of anti quated pattern, whioh would not stuud the ghost of a ohanco in a naval onoouutor. In a possible collision in Afghanistan between this oountry and Russia, only a small [proportion uf tho immense military forces ut tho disposal of tho Utter could be utilised at prosent. If a straggle were to take place now, Russia would have to draw iu the firat plaoo, upon the troopa located in Turkestan. There are at present of re gular troops ton battalions of rifles recruited and stationed in the TratiBcaspiim provinoe, say about 10,000 men. Theio are no data availablo as to tho numbor of cavalry and artillery garrisouod thero, nor of the irregu lar forces that could bo raiaed on the spot. fn tho next place, tho Russian Govern ment has a large force in reserve in Trans caucasia, which it is at liberty to employ either in tho direction of Turkey, Persia, or Afghanistan. Bua.sia] has at present permanently stationed in tho Trauaouu oasin provincos an army which, on a peaiu footing numbers about 128,000 men, but which will, no doubt, be largely augmontod by tho introduction of compulsory military sorvioo in that portion of the empire. Iu ouso of war, a considerable portion of tho army would probably ho shippod aorofis tho Caspian by way of B.iku and Miohai lovsk ; but tho ohiof supply of combatants would be drawn from European Russia, ovor Odessa to Pou, und thonoo by rail to Baku, and aoross tho Oaspim. The mom serious obstaole to thu employment of a largo force is tho difficulty of transport. The TraiiB-Oaspian Railway oxtoiids at prosont from Maohailovsk to Kissil Arvat, 135 miles from tho Caspian port ; but thero can be no doubt that its gradual ex tension to Aokubnd, Sarakhs, und Uerat is ouly a qneotiou of time. The respite thus granted to England ought tog bo made good ude of. — Morning Post. The Bbitibh Foroeu Available. Tho London correspondent of tho Ado laido Advertiser wrote on Maroh 13 : — ' An to tho neod for colonial bolp in tho Soudan, only ono opinion exists at present, that it is not needed, and tho Adv6rikcr and Age artiolos recognieo thia. Britain can maria»o tho Soudvi business without ruffling her feathers ; but if. tho warlike artiolos of the London press' aro truo fore casts of future, oolonial aid in Afghanistan may be desirable. We have ready to otark at a short notice two army corps of nearly 40,000 men, in addition to the 60,000 In India and 20,000 odd in tho Soudan and Egypt, who, if war with Russia broke out, could bo for tho; most part withdrawn for India. Indued, Un view of tho strong agi tation against the proBecntion of. tho Sou- . dan war, whioh is boing organised by the Radicals, for tho summer, it may be doubt ful whether the Soudan enterprise will bo prosecuted. Injauy caao it could_ wait if it was necessary. Russia could, it seems, in eighty days mass about 9l),O0O of hor own regular troops on tho Afghan frontier. Now, what could India do ? In addition to our English troops in India wo havo about 130,000 regular Indian troops, and about 330,000 troops undor princes and rajahs, all friendly to us, who have lately voUmteerod for servioe in tho Soudan. We could in a fortnight concentrate about 30,000 men in Quetta, and at tho end of this month about 20,000 English noldiors will be collooted in the Punjaub to meet the Ameer. The military resources of In dia are, in fact, illimitable, and, supported . by our money, we could offer a front whioh might woll pake, and probably, will mako, Russia hesitate to cross sworda with ua. Tho Government is said to have made fresh concessions to Bismarok, in order to purchase his goodwill and his influence against Russia on the Afghan border. 