Chapter XXXI.—The Brother. ■" I am Sam Challis !" A voice from the grave could not have stai tltd the listeners more than that announce ment. And it was as if from the grave ot the buried past it spoke to one of them. "Sam !—back again, and—here !" ejaculated Aggie ; then with slow cautious steps slie ap proached the window more closely, and looked through at him. The old woman had turned round in her chair and was glaring in the same direction, as at a ghost for which she had been waiting. The man standing in the snow looked as eagerly into the room, as for some one whom he wished to recognise, and the light fell upon him with distinctness, leaving Aggie in the shadow. "It is my brother," said she to her grand mother, "I may admit him f" " He may rob and murder us," whispered the old lady, "he never bore a good character—we know nothing of him." "Will you let me answer for him ?" said Aggie with her hand upon the lock of the case ment. "You are not afraid ?" " No, madam. He is not here to harm us." " How can you be sure ?" "I feel sure that this is one friend come back to me. Otherwise, he would have stayed away." "1 dread him," murmured the old lady, clasping her hands together in surprise, " I fear to meet him. Let me get away before he enters. Please let me get away !" She half-rose to quit the room, then she glanced once more towards the window, stopned, and sank back in her chair. "He may come in," she said, " I will see it out with you." Aggie did not wait for her companion to change her mind again; she drew back the bolt of the French window, which she pushed out wards to the night. The man stamped the snow from his feet before he entered, advanced to Aggie and put his arms around her, strain ing her with much rough ardor to his breast. He had recognised her even with her face in shadow, the tall graceful figure was the same, she was a young woman when he had seen her last at Liverpool, and time had not changed her to him—she was as he had hoped to find her, and he was grateful for the discovery which once more linked their lives together. It was he who had changed—not Aggie Challis. Standing in the full light, it was easy to per ceive that time had changed him for the better, and difficult to associate him with the half starved, ragged waif whom we have seen shivering in the streets of Liverpool. He was a tall, well-dressed man, with a bronzed, healthy face, and with only the keen outlook from it to remind one of his past—the quick, almost watchful glance which had characterised him when policemen were lurking at street corners, ready to be "down upon him" at any moment, if he were not prepared to dodge them. He had grown a good-looking young fellow, too, and there was a brightsmile on his face which no one had seen hitherto save Aggie, when he was a boy at home, and dared for home a little. And above all he was so wondrously like the picture in the dining room, that it was the first thought of the two women when greetings had been exchanged, and he was sitting down, hat in hand, between them. " To think I am back again with you,' were his first words after releasing Aggie from his embrace, " to think I have found you !" He looked very attentively, very' inquisi tively, at the old lady in the chair, and Aggie said by way of introduction— "This is Mrs. Dangerfield, of Ilvercombe, who has been very kind to me." " I have heard so already from Mr. Fayre," answered Sam, "at"whose house I have been making enquiries after you. Mrs. Danger field," he said, addressing her, "may the brother of Agnes Challis thank you, as well as his sister:" "Your sister has been kind to me, mur mured the old woman, sitting now with clasped hands "and head averted from him ; "I have done nothing to deserve thanks." _ "You will allow me to take Aggies word for it—for somehow," he added lightly, touch ing his sister on the shoulder, * and even at my worst, I had faith in her and no one else. And now, madam," he added, extending a brown hand towards her with a suddenness that made her shrink from him, "may your son's son take your hand and say, 'Peace be tween us two ?'" He regarded her very earnestly as he spoke; he seemed studying her with grave intentness. "You do not come here as my enemy V she asked, almost doubtfully. "Neither your enemy nor accuser." "I never took heed of you when I was well and strong, and might have saved you from the streets, "she murmured ; "my pride was against all acknowledgment of you." "Times have changed, and you and I have changed with them. If mj sister is your guest and friend, what have I to offer in return but gratitude^ know^„ he answere<j feebly, " it is all a dream to me." , "Don't let me wake you in a hurry then," he said, laughing pleasantly, " don't trust me too soon—I am still Sam Cnallis. He sat with his hand extended still towards her, and she put hers within it, after looking at him furtively. "How like you are to my lost Paul, she said, "it is as if the dead were coming back. " We will let the dead vest as long as we can," he replied, "they are objectionable company to the quick." It was somewhat of a harsh reply, but the manner in which it was conveyed robbed _ it of any sting that it might have possessed if de livered in another fashion. He seemed at that time a man brimming over with good temper, and from whom an unkind phrase could not possibly escape. " Wny did you come to the window in so strange a fashionAgnes enquired. " It was the only light I could see shining in this big house," he replied, "and I had prowled round it like a wolf before making up my mind to disturb you. Sir. Fayre told me that Mrs. Dangertield was unwell, and I hesitated at a formal summons at so late an hour. I thought if I could talk to yon quietly to begin with it would be a better plan," he added, almost significantly, Aggie thought. " When I saw the light above the curtains, and the flickering of a lire on the ceiling, I had the instinct that you were here, and I came to the window to listen for your voice, which 1 felt sure I should remember. And I did—and impulse getting the master of me I nearly broke the glass as a start off." He laughed again, and Agnes smiled at him in return, rather tlian at the subject matter of his discourse. He was in high spirits; his dis covery of his sister had exhilarated him. He was a man who took life easily, or with whom life had become a matter of some ease and personal enjoyment. Agnes regarded him as a being whom she hardly understood at present —who had returned to England somewhat of an incomprehensibility, at least a man not quickly to be read. " You have not told me anything of yourself, Sam," said his sister. " What happened at Liverpool ? Why you did not keep your pro mise to Mr. Redclove, who had trusted you so generously with his money ?" The light left his face and he became grave, almost stem, on the instant. "Ah! what did they all think of me, Aggie ?" The worst, I am afraid, poor Sam," was the reply. " How easy it is to believe the worst," he said bitterly. "How cruel, how infernally uncharitable! Awl yet, we all do it in our turn, and no one escapes the lash but the biggest knave hiding in the background." "You have grown a satirist," said Aggie. " I have had a great deal of time in the far west to think out these little problems," he answered, laughing again. " You have been to America?" "Yes." "And have been successful there," cried Aggie. " Oh ! I am very glad, Sam; you don't know how happy you have made me." " Wait a bit, answered Sam Challis quickly; "don't jump to conclusions, or read my story for me. I have not been successful, I have not been wholly unsuccessful. I am not a rich man, but I shall not be poor till I have paid my debts and set my face homewards." " Homewards ! To America again ? "Yes." " I thought you were back for good. Sam," said Agnes. " That would be for bad,he added enig matically. She looked at him enquiringly, but he drifted into the old subject without explain ing. "I have come to England with three missions ; first, to see you ; secondly, to pay back two hundred pounds which I borrowed in Liverpool of a gentleman whose name I only learn to-day for the first time." " I am glad—I am glad," cried Aggie, beat ing her hands together in her new delight; " if it leave you a beggar, Sam, I am very, very proud that you have saved the money, aud are here to pay it back." " Yes, I shall be proud of that," was Sam Challis's answer. " And thirdly ?'" she asked; "What is the third mission?' His quick glance passed from his sister to the old woman in the chair, sitting there with eyes distended still, and ears drinking in every word he Uttered. "That is a secret which time will reveal," he replied, after a moment's silence, " not I." (To be continued.) 