-'?'? ECHOES OF MELBOURNE ; VvV. (Bt The. Ghost.) .?''.? Mr. Service may propose, but it is clear that others dispose. Week after week the order.in. which he intends, to take the busi ness in the Assembly is duly, announced, and Week after week the Premier 'finds it impossible to ? carry out his programme. Thus, during the past -week the Federal Enabling Bill was to be passed, the, Fac tnriaa . artf\ 'Rlphfcor&l; ? Rillfl advanp.'orl n. stags, and the' estimates dealt with; 'jBut the head of the Govjernmprit appears to have reckoned without his host, at; all events without the host of: obstructive' babblers, who, apropos of tho federation question, inflicted their dreary twaddle on their fellow member*. Mr. Mirains, who is fast developing into the boro of tho House, wasted two hours and a half in opposing the Federal Enabling Bill, maun dering on, while the rest of the paid legis laton wore solacing themselves in tho, refreshment-room or enjoying a jramo of billiards, the only end sorved by the re marks of the honourable and tedious mem ber for Collingwood being that of proving he had never read the measure he was affecting to criticise. Mr. Mirams is certainly serving one good purpose; He is the ' shocking example.' He is the result of the syitein of payment of mem bers. Had thcro been no monthly chequei there would hare been no Mirams. The neighbouring colonies, irho have of late been striving to asiimilato their institution*' to ours, and imitate the example; set by Victoria of ' reimbursing their expenses ' to their legislators, should take warning l»y us. The Spartan* used to make a Helot drunk in order to instil in the minds of all and sundry the degradation of the vice of intemperance.' The Victorians have ,pniy- to point to the fussy, obstructive, vain glorious little representative of :trliat the- late Charles Jardine Don, iri a' flight of' eloquence, designated 'the purloins of Collingwood' tosoe what they iriayj expect when, they pay members of Parliament.' However,-:, despite.;; the_; obstruction,-:. -the' Federal Enabling, \ Bill ' has been read a spcpnd.time, and orie'irij'pbrtanii »tep in the direction of ' the ' unifi'catip* of; 'Australasia h'a« therefore been taken, and; this ,'firiV move having boen- made ' towards . building, up' another riatibri, it is devoutly to be hoped the, edifice will. ere.long'.be.crowned.' In regard to federation' lit imay'.be'^ell to' bear in mind' the if ell -'worn Frenchi ?pr6-: verb. !ce n'tst '(roe It vremieir vas ?auecoute'. ' '.There are some twenty-four ,niore;;da.ys' before Chri»tmasis upon :risr on Trrhibh .the' Assembly isto irieet,' and there is,' ther'e fprei unless it should be, determined .to, sit , in-v January; very .little r'charice;.of , thej Electoral Bill or the.-Factorie* Bill being dealt with by , tHpr'^preBent, Parliament. This willnOidoubt not be witli the' majority, of .the people's representatives a inatter'fpr ; very .great, regret, for ^without; ' these, measures to dilate! upon '.there . will'lbe; a; great dearth of subjects upon whichi candi-v dates for legislative honours can irax eloquent. Fortunately for the colony, there are . at ? the present time: no ' burning questions,' and the selection of candidates will therefore be decided rather on personal' ffin.ii. nn -nfilit.ip.al. crrou-nda. This ' Will obvipusly'be an advantage, fpr.it will pre:j vent tho Assembly from being flooded by _*, lot of political characters over ready, to take; up any parrot,cry which will secure them a seat. This was the case during the election of 18^7. .'and vasiuredly no *ane person deaires ? a recurrence of .those, evil days of ' broken' heads and houses-;in' flames,'. and ' Black Wednesdays.'-; - '???'? . '? What a pity it is the throat affection ' under which Mr. Service is labouring, does not assume an epidemic form and attack the majority of the talkers in the Assembly,! What a, sense of relief would be. experienced' by all; who are obliged to. listen to : the wearisome debates were Messrs. Mirams, Gaumon, Bent, W. C. Smith, 'and Laurens to. lose' their vooal, power* . during .the] remainder of the session ! : Even to- the', honourable gentlemen named the affliction, ?would really be a 'bles»ing in disguise,'/ for it would prevent them from: making, themselves ridiculous in the eyes of ..-the; world, and save them from further displays', of ignorance arid folly. One goodpurpes'b, . and one only, is served by the incessant^ gabble of the chatterers. ,:Proof is afforded, of the lurig.power of the ayerage, Victorian; ( arid Dr. Rose'* ' assertion, .' that .'.we,'; are, 'sadly debilitated in constitution^ havp soft muscles, and are incapable of sustained ? exertion,' emphatically and .practically' contradicted. , : '. ?' ' ? '.'. . -- As » matter, of ? courser — nopun-is here, intended — the melancholy .'accident at. Caulfield during : the race 'for' the :- Gup, '. which,resulted iri-the death' of thei jockey Nicholsomi could not be allowed to pass without the opportunity being seieed upon by the goody-goody- Melbourne journal to 'improve the occasion;' ? Accordingly,' iri an article expatiating upon the wickedness of horse racing, the -writer duly sermonises the unregenerate - persons who patrorii»e, the »port. How thoroughly the virtuous' scribe understands the subject upon which ' he ' - assumes to ' enlighten a ' benighted public may be gathered from his descrip-1 tibn of the Cup race. ' Forty-one horses launched on a narrow course, urged at their most furious speed with whip arid spur, jostling , each other at every step,', with 'jockeys, taking a; short cut ,, across ; the course,' must .have been indeed a curious: eight, and one unique in the annals of'hbr*e racing. In tho interests .of the few -readers of toe, daily broadsheet in; question it is .sincerely to be hoped that the reverend editor knows more ,about;his.' legitimate business than he apparently does . of the pastime he denounces. , Can it be— ' horrible thought ! — that he i» ignorant of the ; antiquity of racing, and: of, the incidental caution to betting men conveyed' by the same high authority that informs us. 'the race is not always to the swift.' Mr. Andrew Sutherland is, after all, the deus ex maehina dostined to lift the General Presbyterian Assembly out of the Ser bonian bog into which its intolerance has' plunged it. The question he put to the ' orthodox-' divines . at the conference between the late congregation of : Scots Church and the Presbyterian Assembly has had the effect of inducing some of the most rampant of the 'unco giiid' to open their .eyes arid to think. And as enlighten ment and thought are hardly' consonant, withnarrowrminded bigotry, a change na3 come; o'er, the; spirit, of ? the Eentouls : and M'Eacherhs, and the: inhibition preventing. the congregation of the deposed Mr. Strong from choosing their own minister is to be removed- The meeting of laymen, called to consider the question and the falling off in the- revenue of the church, caused by the state of disruption into which it has beon brought, have doubtless not been without tbeir due effect in bring ing about a change far the temper of the clerical section of the Assembly. Any way, ?whatever the cause, it rs satisfactory to fee able to state that there is every probability of a speedy termination to' the unseemly squabble which has dono ec much to bring both' parties to it into disrepute. Perhaps as a counterblast to tho imper tinently inquisitive question in relation to the cost- to the colony of hei Majesty's representative, every town,' village, and hamlet of Victoria has been displaying its anxiety to bo chosen as the locality for the Governor's summer ; quarters. , ; Geelong has offered a free site for a residence and' a goodly sum towards building the vice-regal mansion. Beech worth is desirous of being honoured with the1 ^presence of Sir Henry Loch, and the' Gippslandors arid- the dwellers ia the mountainous regions ' of Maldon .are'all agog to ' be' blessed with the gubernatorial?' presence., Brighton; Queensoliff, Lorne,. and; Colac !.'; are .all anxious to bask: in the sunshine of vice royalty.' ?' Oollingwood is really thei only; plac? of any importance that ? has, -as'-: yet, : made'no sign.' Yet surely soriie 'eligible spot' might bo foundjVsay'.in' the vioiriity of, the Keilly-street drain, a'npVJtheri wHat an'advaritage it would be to ,'tli'e;,' Queen's represeitative to have always, so to speak, at 'his' elbow the honourable member, who; in: anticipation of his coming dignity, has christened the building society of-Trhich ho is secretary 'the Premier.' If : the Ministry do not 'to. a' ^iriari1 plump, for ? the.. Collingwpo'd- site their' conduct,; rriay1 cer tainly be put down to envy of tlie cbriiing, great in an ! ' ? _?,..,, ';.'..,'?;.... :-',:. It is rumoured that : the caterer at tb* late iParliamentary. picnic on. board the s.s; Wairarapa intends to bring an action for damages -against' Dr. ;Kose. 'In' his' now famous speech 'tlie- member for North Mel bourne' asserted .that, as a rule, Victorians had'a ff poor digestive apparatus.''.. , As; the. unfortunate paterer. , based his calculations, upon this information, and in consequence of its proved^ falseness'^ sustained a' heavy loss, he considers i he has, either a valid claim on '? Parliament; or a-' good cause of action'.' .'?' ?i\ !l-.: ?'??;:.' ?' '? :, '? ? ? ' ' ? ^October 25.-- ?' ?i'-: - ' ?'?'?' ',': '''' ??: ? : ? ? .' 