T B E V O L U N T E E R N I G H T S U R P R I S E . The -conduct of .Captain Mason, at the R.V.F., in surprising and firing upon with blank ammunition Captain D. F. Nelson's company while drilling at night near Port Adelaide, and afterwards demanding a password and Captain Nelson's sword, has been reported to Lieutenant-Oelonel Lovely, who is having the matter thoreughljr investigated The Register's account c£ the affair and a copy of charges brought by "Captain Nelson have been forwarded, to Gaqrtain Mason for explanation. lheunusnaSl jiroeeedure of Friday night has excited a great deal of interest, as if the statements are trae,' the conduct of the. officer in. attacking, and interrupting a drill uarty, demanding a password and. the surrender of a captain's sword, is not only most irregular -fcut calculated to bring <Kse R.V.F. into tfeoredit; therefore Lieutenest-Colonel Lovely is de-' termincd to ta^e -decided action in the in-' leresta'of' discipline. We understand that Captain Nelson-s ^complaint is that on May 29, while giving his compamy moonlight drill,. firing was 'heard on their front, and flhoitly afterwards Captain Masr.n rushed up with his «word -drawn, and -poidted it at his left arm,' the {Kunt entering the sleeve of Captain Nelsorrs tunic, amd 'alightly penetratiagthe flesb-of his arm. -43A the same time Captain ~Mason demanded vrto he was, and asked the-Mass word. Behold him he was not in i^ossesarcn of one, anti Captain Mason, saying that -vras his "look' out," demanded -Captaen Nelson's sword, -^feieh was at first refused. In tlie meantime Captain Masoa"s ' ooRiip»nT<had approached %nd fired into tine | r-anks of 'ths other -rssn at about five i yards distaBce, fragmente of the cartridges - tiyisvg in 'the men's ^ftces and sligbcly; burning thetn. Captaon Mason then tiled : his <nen in'front of the«*other company^ -and ^ave the order to fix bayonets and cause tocbe -cliarge, demanding the otiicer's ewordf a ^second 'time. Ca)ttain Nelson being a) young otGcer, and «ct being sure whet; staod "to ttake, and, moreover, beKevlnp: the affair to he '-a stupid imtotios.! •ioik-e, complied and «ja.ve np liis weapon. Captain Selson unmediately returned 'the eword, -saying, "Mc. Nelson, 1 have no feeling of animosity towards you," «ffertog fcds hand, which Caplain Nelson warmly took, with'the remark that he would fee eorry to think that any ill-feeling existed, at the -eame time declining to comply with Captain M!*SOII'-6 •request to --fall liis men in together, as his dnill was finished, and so>ne of his Eien lived near. Captain Mason then, is -a niest impudent .manner, said he should do as he was told. - Captain Nelson replied -that if Lieutenant-Colonel-Lovely's name was used and his authority quoted he would cheerfcily comply. 37his Captain Mason refused, and asserted his right to command as senior officer. A remonstrance was made to this, and .finally Captain Nelson's men walked away. In conclusion -Captain kelson charges his brother officer *.uth conduct unbecoming an 08: cer and a gentleman. To these damaging -statements Caiiteun'-Mason has been called upon to reply. Aod<on his explanation the deekion of the Lt»ia<tenan1>-Colonel will depend. SEKV*T« (PO ABOBNJIXALS. — Ou Sunday afternoon, May 31, the Rev. A. lurnbull conducted i&vine; service in the Exhibition Grounds {or the special benefit of the aboriginals £roa> < Point Macleay and Point Pierce, who ihave, recently come to Adelaide to hold their tiibal neeting, and who re tarn home on Tuesday next. Between fifty a«d sixty blacks were present, and there waaitfeo a large cooeouree of spectators. The natives, the majority of whom are in the habit of attending eerviees at the mission stations twice on the Sabbath, when the proposal was made to thetn to- assemble on Suuday afternoon at onee acquiesced in it, audi all of those who were present listened most; attentively to the speakers, while in addition; -they took a prominent part in the choral ser-! vice. The hymns sung were chosen by -the I aboriginals, and the imanner in which they j rendered the choruses by themselves was very creditable. Mr. .Turubull delivered simple and instructive address, basing his j remarks on the words "^Go ye, therefore, acd teach all nations, bapioaing them In the name of the Father, of the &on;, and of the Holy Ghost," Matthew xxriiL, 19. In referring to the fact that Christianity was now established among the natives, he desired it to be understood that they were not altogether ignorant of religion before ithat time. From a conversation with them the had elicited that they had a god called " Runderudie," which signified Almighty, or Father. This Runderudie, they declared, taught them a religion, implanting into tfa>eir minds, an inspiration after a higher life. This tradition bad been handed down to them, and they had also the tradition of the Cross, though they did not understand clearly how it came to them. StilJ, when an aboriginal died he was laid out upoE transversed beams representing a cross, and after remaining there for a time he was buried in the usual native fashion. Mr. Tui'iibull said that their black friendc were troubled owing to the way in which they had been slighted^ while in Adelaide, and he took the opportunity to point out to those present that they were far more intelligent than they were given _ the credit of being, while their abilities were also underrated. They spoke better English than many of the on-Iookers, and from the station records he was pleased to notice that the amjority of them were total abstainers. A collection was made on behalf of the Mission Stations, and the service, which lasted an hour apd a half, dosed ic prayer. 