SPORTING NOTES FROM VICTORIA. [Br Trumpator.] Melbourne, March 3. The V.R.C. had very bad weather for their opening day, and the attendance seemed un usually email to me, but I am told since that the receipts were quite as good as last year. The ground was very heavy, and the times were slow, more especially in the races up the straight (except the Hopeful Stakes) when there was a strong wind blowing against the horses. Malua opened favourite for the Essendon Stakes, but{when seen it was quicky observed that the rumours concerning his lameness were well founded, and before the Btart Commotion supplanted him in the betting. In the first part of the race Malua travelled very slowly, and with Plausible in his best behaviour the pace was made so warm that at the end of half a mile the Cud winner was fully a hundred yards from the leaders. From this out he made up his ground very fast, but Power kept Commotion going, and takingupthe running at the turnhe won easily by four lengths, Malua being eased in the last hundred yards. On pulling up the latter was seen to be quite lame, and he is not likely to race again for some time to come. Com motion's performance delighted his many admirers, and the Champion was at once voted a moral for the old bay. Uralla stripped in splendid form for the Ascot Vale Stakes, and with Monte Christo not shaping very well in the holding ground she won in a canter at the finish, though a number of roughs thought the colt should have won and hooted Hales. Uralla did a Bplendid gallop a few days before the race, and many supported her despite the stable preference for Monte Christo. It was bad luck for Mr. White starting the two, as Uralla could easily have won the Hopeful Stakes, but the report of a wonderful trial done by Antonio before leaving home frightened Mr. Fennelly into running both Monte Christo and Uralla. The Neckersgat colt Dunlop disappointed his trainer, and Antonio cut up very badly. The Leger proved a good thing for Silver King, but the performance did not impress me much, inasmuch as Tremando was within four lengths of the winner at the finish. David ran a good, honest little colt, but could never quite reach the King, and Mozart seemed rather sore and out of sorts after his journey to Tasmania. The public have a great knack of picking seemingly open races, and this year they were singularly successful in their selection of a favourite, as Coronet won cleverly, and had he not swerved the verdict would have been three or four lengths in his favour. The victory was very popular, as the Brothers Robertson have lost a heap of money since they came on the turf. I believe the discovery of Coronet's great pace was somewhat accidental. Mr. J. D. Robert son meant slipping Dirk Hatteraick for the short race and sending Coronet for the Cup, but in a trial over six furlongs in which Dirk, Colstoun, and Coronet took part, the latter astonished his trainer by beating the pair anyhow. Not certain of tne correctness of the spin Mr. Robertson sent the three again, and asked Coronet to carry 7 lb. more, and when the result was repeated he aban doned all idea of sending Dirk, and put a heavy commission in the market for Coronet. The norse was backed by the four brothers to win over £40,000, and as the public were given every encouragement to follow the lead the Ring must have had to pay a pretty penny over the Tasmanian-bred one s victory. Coronet, like all St, Albans get, is |a very fine horse, and is built like a stayer. Sam Cracknell had another big throw in. The stable laid him £1,500 to nothing about his mounts, and he will receive substantial pre sents from others who backed the horse. Sam is very careful with his money, and I suppose he will add a " Coronef'-terrace to the "Darriwell" and "Tyropean" terraces he now owns. Some of the many favourites ran. well, and one or two—notably Prometheus — disgraced themselveB. Sir Garnet swerved badly at the fall of the flag, and repeated the performance crossing the tan; but even with these drawbacks thrown in he finished fifth not more than three lengths from the winner. Still, it was a sad falling-off for a horse that had carried 7 St. 13 lb. and ran the distance on the track in 1.174, end I cannot help thinking that the removal of his plates affected the horse's running. Middlemarch shaped like a real good one, and Sheet Anchor was in it all the way, while The Ghost and Leporella were also well np at the finish. The Matchlock moral for the Hopeful Stakes proved a fiasco. He was the first horse beaten—in fact. Hales was hard at work before' they had completed a furlong. Juanna's victory waB most unpalatable to the stable, but it is only another instance of well-laid schemes ganging aglee. The sister to Manfred was not Decked for a penny on Saturday, bnt I believe her abilities were well known, and it was intended to give the Ring fits over a Nursery Handicap before the end of a meeting. In the St. "Valen tine's Handicap at Caulfield on the 7th Juanna (just off a sea voyage certainly) was nearly last, and now she comes out in the mud and runs her five furlongs with 8 at. 7 lb, up in X min. 41 sec. Grace Darling was a real good thing for the Brunswick Stakes, but few profited by her victory. Little Sister and Happy Thought were very heavily hacked* out neither was dangerous at the finish, and with Grace Darling absent, Madge -would have won easily. Since my arrival here one of our most important bookmakers has come to great grief, and his doings have been more talked of than anything else at the roomB. It seems the layer referred to indulged in some plung ing at Launceston, and his luck was dead out. Not being able to settle offhand, he told the hooks he would pay them in Mel bourne on Thursday. The day arrived, and the money was not forthcoming. In the meantime the creditors had waxed indignant over the matter, and they determined that the unfortunate plunger must pay or go be fore the Room. Accordingly the committee sat on the case, and their verdict was ray before 11 oclock on Saturday, or we must declare you a defaulter." _ The necessary funds werenotfoundattheappoin ted time, and when the Adelaidean made his appearance on the outskirts of the betting Ring on Saturday he was quietly taken charge of by Mr. Wright (the V.R.C. detec tiue) and politely shown off the course. The Ring cannot understand their debtor's inability to pay. as he is supposed to have won very heavily on several occasions, and his losses, so far as they are known, have been comparatively insignificant. The news that Louis Barnard, the auc tioneer, had served the committee of the Victorian Club with a writ, claiming £h,000 damages for defamation of character, caused a little interest in sporting circles for a day or two. I have heard nothing about the Hurricane case being reopened. The Onkaparinga weights appeared in this morning's Argus, I have not gone through the list carefully, but there do not appear to be many inconsistencies, unless they are the light weights given Nicholas in the Cup and Bis Bis in the Hills Railway Stakes. Brigand very properly heads the list in the Hurdle Race, Dut I don't suppose the little bay will be well enough to win this time. The Banker does not seem hadly off at 11 Bt., and perhaps Acrobat may have something to say at 10 et. 2 lb., but I fancy the race will prove very hard to pick, and for the present I shall leave him alone. Mr. Hughes takes a different view of the capabilities of Topaz and Sir Garnet from Mr. Barnard, and on public form his is the correct estimate, as Topaz well was always a little better than The Israelite. Sandal seems very harshly used at 8 st. 7 lb., but Lord "Wilton is pretty well off at 8 st. 4 lb. if he could only be got fit. Nicholas is, however, the pick of the handicap, as he gets in with 7 lb. less than he carried in the Caulfield Cup, and, well on the day, I should look no further for the winner. Shamrock and Chrysalis are both doing well at Fiemington, and I believe Oakbank is their mission. They are fairly treated, and as Bob Cooper is not in work one of the pair will be bad to beat. Ficti tious is another Fiemington candidate that looks well, but she may be sent for the V.R.C. Steeplechase on Saturday. OE those lower down I should take Saunterer and Robert the Devil, bat it will be time enough to make a selection when the acceptances are declared. 