THE SALVATION ARMY. PROCESSION AND PUBLIC MEETING. Last evening a demonstration was made by the Salvation Army in honour of the visit of Marshal Booth and Major and Mrs. Pollard, the major being the new leader of the New South Wales forces, and who has just arrived from New Zealand. At half-past 6 o'clock the members of the army fell-in in order of procession opposite head-quarters in Castlereagh-street, there being a very large muster of the forces. The procession then marched through the city in the following ordor:-Thirteen mounted officers, first and female members of the army, Marshal Booth, Major Pollard, and others in a Salvation chariot. Then followed a second band and another army contingent, and the rear was composed of band number three and a number of Salvationists. Flags were flying, handkerchiefs were waved; and as the various officers fell into their places preparatory to the march, they were received with volleys of army cheers. The route followed was along Castlereagh-street to Market-street, thence into Pitt and along to Pitt-street, a number of torches being lit at this part of the journey, giving the cortege the appearance of a torchlight procession. The army filed down King-street into George-street, proceeding along that roadway to Goulburn-street, where the barracks are situated, the procession, when in Pitt-street, reached nearly from Market-street to King- street, and was march- ing in fours. Along the whole route the bands played and the soldiers sang most lustily, and as each band at one and the same time was playing a different time from the others, the offers, to say the least, was striking. The hour chosen for the march was one of the quietest, the streets being comparatively clear, and although the procession attracted crowds along the line of route, the soldiers were not molested. The barracks in Goulburn-street, capable of comfortably seating 2000 persons, was crowded, and hundreds were unable to obtain admission. In addition to the Sydney officers, the following army officials were on the platform Marshal Booth, Major Pollard, Commissioner Howard (chief of the staff for the colonies), Staff Captain Hawkins, Rev. D'Arcy Irvine, late Church of England clergyman in the Goulburn diocese. There were also two men-of-war's men representing the marine brigade, which is composed entirely of reformed sailors, and two Chinamen representing a Chinese brigade. In reference to the Chinese, Marshal Booth states that it is the intention shortly to fit out a contingent for China to commence operations in Hongkong. Two converted articled lawyers were likewise on the stage, one being from New Zealand and the other from Victoria. Miss Freeman, the lady superintendent of the Female Rescue Home, was likewise on the platform. We may state that the home is situated near Newtown, and is intended for the rescue of fallen women, being nearly full at the present time. The house is rented from aphuanthropto gentleman, at an almost nominal rental, and Marshal Booth stated that the rescue work carried on by the army was proving very successful. The proceedings commenced with the singing of the war song commencing " On my comrades in the fight, we are struggling for the right." This was followed by prayer, after which Commissioner Howard read the Psalm "Blessed is the man whose iniquity is forgiven, whose sin is covered." Marshal Booth expressed the pleasure he felt in meeting them a second time. They were met to welcome Major and Mrs. Pollard, and af ter_atToduo ing them to the audience, Marshal Booth called upon those who were glad to welcome the new leader to stand up and sing, the whole audience rising in response and most lustily singing one of the army hymns, accompanying it with the waving of handkerchiefs, &c.; Mr. BOOTH, addressing the audience, said that he had witnessed that night passing through the thoroughfares of this city, one of the largest and best conducted and most enthusiastic processions he had ever witnessed in the colo- nies; and it was an answer to the question of critics whether the Salvation Army movement was of God and bore the Divine eignet. They were all working for the one great end, the salvation of their fellows, and were willing to join hands and go down to the deepest levels to rescue the outcasts, and thousands of army soldiers were doing that glorious work. There was a large portion of freedom munity unsaved, notwithstanding the efforts of the various churches, and the army was endeavouring to reach them. The work was prospering in the other colonies. At the present time there were nearly 40 stations in South Australia, 35 in Victoria, 86 in this colony, and eight in Tasmania, where the army work was being carried on, and the work in Queensland was of a most gratifying character. There were 166,000 working men congregating in Salvation Army barracks to hear the Scriptures explained, and if he spoke of the numbers who assembled all over the world, there would be nearer nine or ten millions. So that whatever people might say, the army was not going down. One of the leading atheists of the colony had remarked to him, " Sir, I recognise in the army a power, a force, I am not going to say it is the Supreme Being whom you call God, your Holy Ghost, the third person in the Trinity, you speak so much about but I recognise a power that raises men from the level of in sobriety to the heights of happiness and usefulness, and while I see that I cannot discountenance the movement." A clergyman had also told him that in his own parish he knew of 700 of the worst characters having been reformed. He then formally introduced Major Pollard, their new leader, to the meeting. Major PoLLARD said that 11 or 12 weeks ago he first heard that it was proposed to send him to New South Wales, and on coming here he expected to feel strange, but instead of that he felt that he had come amongst friends. He could not help thinking that the march no had seen that night was one of the best he had witnessed during his life. It was about five years since he had cast in his lot with the Salva- tion Army, and exactly three years ago he received orders with another to sail for New Zealand, there to commence a mission. He detailed the first disappointments they had in their work, and gave an amusing account of their first meeting and earlier disappointments ; but these had been followed by glorious successes, and the movement had obtained a great hold in the colony, their soldiers numbering thousands. He spoke in hopeful terms of the work before him in this colony, and assured his hearers that he would ever seek to further the great cause to the utmost of his ability. The speakers had an enthusiastic reception, and were frequently cheered during their addresses. At the request of Marshal Booth, a number of testi- monies" were given, and the proceedings shortly afterwards terminated. 