THE S A ER A Til. TO THE EDITOR OF, THE HERALD. Sir-Your have lately published several articles respecting the Sabbath, and I request you will have the goodness to permit me to add a few observations. The Sabbath was made for men, and the proper observance of it is eminently calculated to promote the glory of God and the temporal and spiritual welfare of the human family. Those who reject revelation desire to desecrate the Sabbath, and some nominal Christians assert it is a part of the ceremonial law which Jews only ought to observe. The Sabbath was instituted before Adam sinned. " On the seventh day God ended his work which he had made, and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made. And God blessed the seventh day and sanctified it." Aclnin was made in the image of God, and the first day of his existence he enjoyed a Sabbath, that he might delight himself in communion with God, and in the contemplation of His glorious works, From the Creation time was divided by weeks. Labor said to Jacob, " Fulfil her week. 2\. It has been erroneously asserted that the Sabbath was not instituted till the time of Moses. It was at Mount Sinai that the laws of the Sabbath was written with the finger of God; but the Word of God declares the Sabbath was appointed before man had sinned, and we may safely infer that during the early history of the human family all who served and loved God sanctified the Sabbath. God says :-" I gave them my Sabbaths to be a sign between Me and them, that they might know that I am the Lord that sanctify them." all is shows that the Sabbath was ex- post appointed to elevate the minds of men, remind them of their dependence on their glorious Creator, and touch them to mortify the flesh with all its impure affections. Tliolaw of the Sabbath touches us on one day in seven to lay aside all worldly cures and labours, and spend the seventh part of our time in communion with God and the study, of His Word, and be, enabled to grow- in grace and in the knowledge of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. 3\. The perpetuity of the Sabbath is demonstrated by the fact that its institution is contained in the Ten Command- ments, which summarily comprehend the moral law. They teach us to love God with all our heart, and to love our neighbour as ourselves. Other laws may be changed or modified; but the moral law is unchangeable. It was written on tables of stone by the living God, that we may study it at all times, and by it regulate al) our thoughts and actions. Man can never be in any state in which he ought not to love and reverence God. A. Our Lord Jesus Christ sanctified the Sabbath, and His apostles delighted in the privileges of that day. The work of redemption was more glorious than that of creation. Creation proclaims the infinite wisdom, power, and goodness of the Omnipotent but the redemption of sinners displays High sovereign grace, unmerited compassion, holiness, righteousness, and truth. The apostles received power after the Holy Ghost came upon them to teach the whole will and counsel of God, Alter It is resurrection, Christ appeared unto them on the first day of the week ; the first day of the week was, therefore, called (he Lord's Day. The Apostle John was in the spirit on the Lord's Day. On the first day of the week " the disciples come together to break bread." And in his first epistle to the Corinthians the apostle Paul says, " Upon the first day of the week let every one of you lay by him in Move as God has prospered him.'" And it moy"bo.clcai-ly demonstrated by the testimony of history that from the time of the apostles the followers of Christ have been accustomed to Bet and the first day of the week for rest from labour, and the public and private exercise of God's worship, except so much as may be taken up in the works of necessity and mercy. Our Lord taught us what may be lawfully done on the Sabbath. The fourth cotimiumfment is part of the moral law. That law ian unify. It nauseous to honour God, and not to kill, but to preserve law and it is no violation of the Sabbath to defend oitrlivvsa.-idptwoi-ly on that day. Without keeping the Sabbath holy we cannot properly promote the spiritual and temporal welfare of men. The privileges of that they are given to enable us to live in constant communion with, God, by dedicating ourselves in body, soul, and spirit to His service, had for our encouragement it is written, Blessed is the man that doeth flag and the son of man that layeth hold on it that keepeth the Sabbath from polluting it, and keepeth his hand from doing any evil." I inn, &c.;, JAMES FULLERTON. 