POOR OLD GUY FAWKES. -0 Guy Fawkes is dying. In the piti. esscold.blooded phrase the be-baroned aureate 'addressed to the poor old ear, Lot him die! Every dog has his ay,and Guido Fawkes,Eoglish gentle an and Spanish officer thou-h he be, as had his. What good did he ever o, that he should be allowed to make Smuch stir in the world as he has one in the past? The fact is, heo has ngrossed far too much of the world's ttention, aroused tragical enmities al lon enough, and in later time oitered over long on the stage.in bur eque and buffoonery. For a century r two he caused Englishmen to be spicious of, and to indulge in hatred alice, and uncharitableness, towards aglishmen and up to recent times ' has been responsible for a prodi. ous waste of gunpowder, good fire. ca, tar andold barrels. Time, how er, has shorn him of most of the ry of oenmity producing. When uy was imported with the rabbits, euse sparrows, thitles, and kindred uices into Australia, there existed rboutel1 no reason for his appearance ore, au? there is no good ground for i .ootinued existence. Old world ,mities and dividing traditions, this. ° and guys alike are not wanted here; St0oughs the former spread, to the lightof the assininespecses, the latter fallen into the sere and yellow leaf If decay and neglect, much to the de IcOe ourcommon sense community, sBcoraof years ago, even in Victorin, o clebration of Guy Fawkes day was with a fair reproduction of cetig, recriminations and squib, one d O tlorino wheel orgies cre still indulýed in in many r, o Englawnd. Year by year, how. ed,uy le wkes h s been less remom ele honored, till. to.day theren is scarcely one so poor to do him re verence. . No longer the- Catholic boys and the Protestant lads come to fisticuffs on their way to and from school, because away in Great Britaini nearly 300 years ago a fanatic sought to blow up King James and Parliament. Only.here aud..thereifitf~he suburbs afewequibs be thrown to splutter and spirt, and a few lighted chips and twigs and weeds form a puny bonfire in some back garden, to the disgust of the smoke incensed neighbours. The average Victorian boy knows next to nothing of Guy F'awces, and cares less and it is evident that in this laud the days of " one old familier" are happily numbered. He dies "unwept, un honored," though not unsung; and if his ghost should linger on-earth, it is safe to say it will find slender grati fication in the honors paid his memory. Sio transit.-- Herald. 