St'UllTING IjVJ/'.LL/GJíWCE. THE Vid ORIA AM VI I UTI TURF CLUB SPRING Ml 1 ING The spring meeting at C lulfield commences to day, and if the weather be at all propitious Present appearances point to the largest ; s semblage ever been on the n put in suburban course A visitors from the country have already arrived in considerable numbers and the train arrangements for 11 day are so convenient as to insure a large number of further arrivals the intercolonial »r rivals have also been frequent during the week Mr Bond, the secretary of the A A 1 C has for some time past been busily engaged in completing the various improve nicols and extensions which have become a necessary on the Caulfield course. The adds little to the Lorient' stand will assist to prevent any crushing of former years whilst the new stand on their it will nodoubtbMiberall} price cased A service of special trams has been arranged to run from the i Id II in the impi it form lit The lers street direct to the Nurse J best trains commence at 11 29 and continue it about JJ minutes interval till 1. to, another train being June 1 for J o i lock the return willis begin run in" immediately after the last race The double fine first class and covered admission to the reserve, is less and Hccond 1 laid with tiJmissi n in the new steam, Is Amongst the attractions provided for the tfteriKon is vVnituckca military band 1 hi" cutter rig is 30 me in the, hands of Mr by min There are half a dozen events set down for decision opening at half-past with the Maiden Plate which will or duce n numer oils held At half past 2 the First Hurdle Race will prol ably provide a dozen starters and at J is the real interest of the day will begin with the Greatest Star is Judging by the number coloured there ought to be a held of 14 or 15 including Acme Muddelina, The Nun, Anita, J dull, Munwyrtina. field that is bound to produce an interesting race, exercising considerable influence, too, on the forthcoming Maribj mont Plate. the Caulfield Guineas, though far from name nearly as strong as the Great Foal Stakes is nevertheless full of attraction, and whatever the issue may be, a fair sprinkling of light will be thrown on the impending V RC Derby Amongst the starters for to days great mile race are Ringmaster Dunlop Monte Christo Juunna, First Prince, 1 nee Grange, Lady Claudia, and Melodious. The Guineas day at 4 o'clock At a quarter to u a dozen or more Corinthians will don silk for the Australian Hunters Cup, and the after noon's racing closes at half past 5 with the Toorak Handicap, for which the field will be a very strong one. The following is the programme and order of running - One mile st lb Mr IX Evans b li Aaneuard aged 8 8 Sir A Stein tin 8 brm too too byrd 8 of Mr li Laid in s b m Jinden Ojrs 8 8 Mr C Krushka's b g St Albert 63rd 8 8 Mr R.U Talbot be His lorries' 4 Mrs S G Mr CHT Hart s bo Jocular 4 j rs 8 B Air J Wilsons time t Lucky Hit 4yrs 8 D Mr N Wilson's o Recall 8318 7 7 Mr W Blanksby lBbcrt,1jra 7 7 Mr W lleldsbo lllhlllnnd Chief, 2s 7 7 Mr Mahon s b of The i lock, 8 s at 7 7 lion AA 1 season a eli of The Trawler 3 yrs 7 7 Hon L. L Smith a br of Sydney, 8 yrs 7 7 Mr Bent! s b of my days a 3 to 7 7 Mr J Leek«brrPlympton Mare 7 7 Mr L Malonosb ( All Black 3 s at 7 7 Mr J Al lilttiiieliam a lil I Look I Option, 33 7 7 Mr J IlatporsbfSt Odillo 3 yrs 7 7 Mr li. Jacobs a did Sedition 3 3 to 7 7 Mr S Gardiner's br I Buttress 3 3 to 7 7 lion AV loareoiisbtlarodj, a 3in 7 7 Mr Conroy a b f Girofla S 3 at 7 7 ElliS HURDLE RACE, 01100 SOVS,, added to a sweepstakes of 3 Sovs. each. One mile and a halt at lb Mr J Cripps a br h Dural on 63rd 11 0 Mr J Cox st. g Student aged 2 11 a lion AV 1 carsonibinGasalior (J vra 11 S Mr M O Connor a b or br h Master Pinetop mud 1011 Mr A Saqui 1 b h Mistake Ojrs 10 7 Mr AA Little a b g 1 problem 6yrs 10 7 Mr A Harper a ch g Ben atom aged 100 Mr M ton.lilli acht, tlaiiiborau.il aged 10 2 Mr R G Talbot's b li Waverley G 1rs 10 2 Mr li Clillnes s b c Chatsworth by ra 0 0 Mr A J Bradshaw a be Morrow aged 11 4 Mr M o bring her Fri, A anden but (lyra 0 Mr M Moran's be Walter aged 8 2 Smith J Clarke's br; A comet, Mrs 0 0 Mr W S Cox. a jun , b li The Chief 6) to 6 0 THE GREAT FOAL STAKES, Of 15 Sovs each with 300 Sovs added For two-year-olds The Second to receive 70 boys, and the third 25 SOVS Four furlongs. st lb Mr S MUIorâl bro Mimvvjrtlnn 8.0 Mr li A Kermode a br 0 Denman 1er 8.0 Mr G Davis's b Manxman is (late Manxman 8.0 Mr J I nterson she Uriinui 80 lion AA 1 carson sire Dlvl tons 8.0 Sir As I Clarke a bro- Di aoolea B 0 Mr J Cullen a br I relish 7.10 Mr J Hitch II s b of Melbourne 7.10 Mr D K Wallace at of 1 she 7.10 Mr F Tozer's b f I onto T 16 Mr J Paterson's br fortune 7.10 Mr W D Robertson s b of The Nun 7.10 Hon J AAliituabr f Acme 7.10 Mr A& llluolilcr'abtrioiuso _ 7.10 Mr M Ure and s cb ICIelii 7 TO 7.10 7.10 TH> CARril IHL GUINEAS, Of 20 sons each 1 with JIM sovs added For three years old lhoB cc 1 horse to receive 15 a and the third " sovs One mile. st lb Mr 1 AAlilttincimoisbroPanian 8 6 Mr A li. Robertson > br a Dunlop 8 r Mr J AA son s (jun J bro- third. lester 8 6 A M O 81 an u,9> s bro line Price 8 6 Mr J Monaghan ns bro- Lace Orange 8 6 to 4 J White of More, of Monto Christo 8 of Mr L Smith's ch f Mello s 8.0 Mr M Jacobs's ch f Lady Claudia 8.0 Mr H B Tothill s b f Junee a 8.0 Ther AOTrltAIIAN HUNTERS' CUP A troths value IGOBUVB to the winner. the second a dull red 1 order to receive trophies of the best yet v e Mr A. Anderson a g e Abdallah aged 11 G Mr A And rules and g the,! tier need 13 2 Mr B Miller a b c hulks ne arid la 0 Mr A G Webb a eh " Chester aged 1 li Mr li. Orr B be, bars steel 4 TO Mr R IA persons be, Robert the Devil aged 12 3 Mr G S Harriss bor bri. Nomine. 6 yrs 2" 2 Mr G Russell a veil It Chesterfield aged 11 10 Air J S) icrssb u Gi.pscinlci seed 11 8 Mr li J by 11 ess br or bk m Mavourneen aged 11 7 Mr J SrobIoach|rTnn"!rfoot Gvrs li 0 Mr T Aitkens be Gold Top a ed 11 0 Mr AA Men: as me Cunositj Hate Dupli cate) Osrs 11 4 Mr 8 LI I rolls I r in sissy age I 11 4 Air S G Wills an issue Coward aged 14 4 Mr A Oliver a b 1111 11 Is nye 1 11 2 Air 1) Gray a be Jack She] and 0 313 10.10 Mr P J Burke 8 by li Streak of Luck G yrs 10 7 Till TOORAK HANDICAP Of 60 SOVS , added to a sweep stakes of 8 sovs. each One move El Ib Messrs. R and A Crozier's I THE intern G yrs 0 I Mr D S Wallace s b b Chile store and I) Mr A. H. Robertson s eli li Ulrk Uatleralck u yes (I 0 Mr J O Reid s el i, The Ghost street 8.10 Mr J) M Robertson s b is An cher to Djrs so Mr O Davies bin Call same age 18 8 Mr R G Talbot's b Hu horse 4 yrs 3 2 Mr W T Jones b be TI 0 it les aged 17 is Mr W Coo) or chin Ilnpi } Thought Oars 7 4 Mr T Coffey bell tertius and 7 11 Mr T Jones a bro sub lime 4 yrs 7 11 lion in 1 carbon s b o Mu; Mc A J as 7.10 Mr J Wilson's jun bro! OU yrs 7 10 Mr I latorsonschi'IVIiini aged 7 (1 Mr J Warne's ch c Jones 4 yrs 2 2 Mr A Bellini s br m Too Too Oars 7 8 Mr J Crops as bril died at (3 yrs 7 7 Mr a Loan s br or bk li Vision 6 yrs 7 6 Mr T Coffey s b or br g Scaramouche aged 7 6 Mr I Foulsham 1 arTICle water, 4 yT 7 4 Mr M J tcobs s b li Mutest 6yrs 7 8 Sir ) Wilson jun li or I of there 3yrs 7 3 Mr J R. Cowell B b or br sirocco 4 yrs 7 Mr 1 flawless but lies rUo aged 0 1. Mr J W Little ha i s b h Mentmore says a 11 Mr A. IC The reason such a Antonio Sjrs 0 10 Mr C Krushka s br b Claret don 6yrs 0 8 Mr! Henry sb I Mia Cara 3yrs 0 7 Mr H Darlot s be, an alliance 0 } rs 0 7 Mr J Calvert's b c Mossiface Mr J ra 0 0 Mr S Davis's bin Mrs Farley Ojrs 0 0 CUP BETTING MARRI r Although this is the Caulfield Guineas day, there was no hp Unic, last evening either on that event or the Great Foal Stakes 3 to 1 being offered on the field for the former During the day however, there were sundry important transactions ontheVRC Derby and the Caulfield and Melbourne Cups About the Derby 4 to 1 was offered in the field, and b To 1 was tendered bar one Isonomy wits the latest introduction into the market 1,000 to 160 had it been taken and then offered, while 10 to 1 was taken about Dunlop to a few hundreds, and the same price was offered about V menester and Thunderbolt for the Caulfield Cup 2000 to 40 failed to entice backers of the Andes, but there were inquiries for Sirocco, and 3,000 to 100 was booked twice against Marie Louise The scratching of Sheet Anchor simultaneously brought him to the front for the Melbourne Cup, £10,000 having been secured at 25 to 1 with offers to go on at the price A velocipede was also booked to win £10,000 at 100 to 1 whilst Liverpool advanced to 100 to b Her Man burning Plate was a dead letter, but a move may be looked for after (he Great Foal Stakes is decided this afternoon The following are the quotations - OillLUKID PHILLIS. 3 to 1 on the deal I (off). CAUbHlTD CUI 10 to 1 agst Lord Exeter (who) 1 i - 12 elective le (tk and s d) s - Flat trap (to an I on") 7, -let John (sit and ofT) 21 L J-, Qratttu to (tk and off) 1,0 - last Lawrence (wd 26 to 1 off) 80 - Marie Louise (Ik) 88 - 1--Ver"y(o[|> 13 - Edmee Harding: (of) a - sirocco (tk and off) MARIBYRNONG riArc E to 1 afresh Acme (of) to Aladdin's (oil). v i e in in 4 to lasat NoMen lit ( IT) 0 - I-I am total force of 100 -15-I once j (Ik and off) 10 - Dunlop (Ik and oil) 10 - 1-Jliiudirboltf li) 10 - Francie ter (off) 11 - Monto 61 runs (off) leo -6-1 ,imls(offl UM -Glebe leieil(oll) 1000 bril Hoff) VII DECLINE cur in tola?;stNontcnfellt(tl and off) 13 - 1-1 Lord I yet I (tk and off) 100 - 0- I We J ool (tk) 100 -Treat nlolT) .0-1-Coionet(eli) 0 - labor avdcn (off) 21 - 1-1 nice line of (off) 25 - sheet Anchor (tk and wd) 2 > - 1-Coinniuttc to (oil) or -boarding (off) 2 -Tons Brown (li.) 100- I-Viloil|ede(tl freely) KO - Con e and line (off 40 to 1 wd) 100 - 9-11, in n and Rose (off) 40 - afternoon a toll) MOONLC VALUES CUP. The following acceptances were declared on Thursday last - MOONEY lAILM CCIPANU MERCHANTs' action, Annie tOsova, presented by Mr C D Straker and leave other met chants, visits IOOFOVS added Allan dicap Sk furlongs and a half The winner to receive the trophy and 200 Sovs,, second horse, 75 Sovs ; third horse, 25 sovs AA winner of any race of the value or Kio town after the declaration of weights to cans 7lb extra Scion 1 acceptance, of 2 sovs., due on Thursday, 22nd October, for all horses not scratched by 4 p in that day Lantern, 0 was StaHonl, Oin Du I. Hatteraiuk, 6 The Israelite', aged Mistake, tears Counts i 1,03, ú 38 a ho Andes, and ". Lavington 43rd 8 (1 The Chanter, 4 3 rs 7 li Alma le Louise,! 3 to 7 13 Lands, 4 to 7 12 Lucky Hit, 4 am 7 li Hecuba, 4srs .. 7 11 Too Too, 6 3 in 7.10 llolictniati, 43rd.. 7 0 IO.U.Jsra 7 1) Pet Girl, 3 J ra 7 0 Isonomy, 3 yrs 7 0 Stationer, aged 7 8 Herman, aged 7 8 Thorough yrs 7 8 Hannibal, aged 7 7 Land League, G 3 to 7 7 Lyle, 83rd . 7 7 7 6 A ision, 6-3 in Umberto, 5 yrs AAailleld,0 SW 7 0 Phantom, aged 7 4 All Black, 3yrs 78 here 13in . 7 8 Merriman son .. 7 8 Mentmore, 4 yrs 7 3 Derision, 3 son 7 8 Sirco o, 4 yrs 7 2 St. Albert, G sra.. 7 1 Itebua, 43rd 7 1 St Wen, 63rd 0 13 Louis 3 s ra .. U 13 Walhalla Osrs 0 12 Tho Czar, ascii 0 12 clarendon, 5 yrs .. Oil Martyr, Gers 20 10 Albanus, 23rd .. 010 Three, 4 yrs 0 0 suter Unice, 3 yrs 0 8 Cold Top, G s is 0 0 Iiritikuian, Syrs 0 4 I'ljintoii, 23rd 0 4 little Jim 43rd 0 2 Baron Neckar, 3yrs 0 0 Mrs. James, " JH.. 0 0 H. T. ROCHE, Sec. RACING. The general entries for the ensuing V R.C spring meeting are due on Monday at the VRC office up to 4 pm 'The different events are the Melbourne Stakes, Hotham Handicap, Weight-for-age Hurdle Race, Selling Race, Coburg Stakes, Railway Stakes, Kensington Stakes, Hurdle Race, Nursery Handicap, Yan "Yean Stakes, Maiden Plate, Flying Stakes Spring Handicap, Royal-park Stakes, Weight for age Steeplechase, Veteran I Stakes, Flemington Stokes, V RC Handicap, I Steeplechase, Canterbury Plate, Free Hand- on)) the weights for the Elsternwick-park meeting will be issued on Monday 'the item of special interest amongst racing men has been the sudden death of the South Australian filly Helene late on 'Thursday night, a telegram regarding which appeared in the An/in of the following morning Rupture of an internal artery, it seems, was the cause of death, as certified by Mr Kendall, V.S. On Thursday morning the filly had done useful work, and it was the general remark that she never looked so well in health, whilst (he betting showed her Caulfield Cup chance to be highly thought of With the enforced withdrawal of Newstead from the Derby the day- time and the death of Helene, it must be admitted that the South Australians have had very hard luck in view of the great spring events in Victoria. Every one likewise commiserated with Mr M'Donald, who had charge of both Newstead and Helene. The filly was a full sister to the Melbourne Cup winner The Assyrian As a two year old she won the Tulkara Plate and Morphetville Plate in Adelaide, Sandal and The Broker finishing behind her, the former on each occasion last year she won the Tree Handicap at the V RC Spring Meeting, The Agent and Vergy being second and third. Her two principal engagements for masseuses were the Caulfield Cup and Melbourne Cup, in which her handicaps were 7st 4lb and 7at rib There are 23 horses left in the Moonee Volley Cup as the result of the first acceptance W. Yeomans arrived at Flemington on 'Thursday, with Minerva, Trickett, and Student The following were yesterday's scratchings for the V A T C Spring Meeting, commenc Anglesey -Lorelei, Percussion, Remus, and Abner, out of the Caulfield Guineas , Donald, out of the Australian Hunter's Cup, Mia Mia, out of the Great Foal Stakes , Helene, Sheet Anchor, Aimer, Clarendon, and Cardigan, out of the Caulfield Cup The following scratchings were posted at the V.R.C office yesterday -Glineildon, Cardigan, and Helene, out of the Melbourne Cup , Abner, out of all engagements Yesterday afternoon A third, who was being trained by Mr M P Whitty, at Flemington, whilst cantering, put his foot into a hole, with the result that he fell and broke his shoulder He was at once destroyed The steeplechaser, Bob Cooper, whilst cantering at Flemington on Friday afternoon, overpowered his boy and bolted towards the scraping sheds, where the youngster was thrown, and, luckily), escaped with a Blinking In the conditions for the Bayswater Cup, to be treated for at Elsternwick park during the Melbourne Cup week, the class is 2m. Dos instead of 2 10s FLEMINGTON A TRAINING NOTES I HAD U This being an off morning there was not a large attendance, but those present had the Bill, to not ties, two or three very hot trotting also] a, lJoumsttr, A U, omi II Prince opened the ball with turned easy pace work, H O hill It is noticed it in j ah but for once As it did a useful. round of three quarter pace work, whilst Connu tion took matters is on the tan track The bin strong gallop of the morning followed between Liverpool and Thunderbolts the former of whom did a mile by him but to begin with After Uni LU tri wool went on, in pursuit of the Musket colt who was Borne lengths in front, of him on a circle the is -the agent I went at it and ancre 1 a mile in im 4) at the court I however, being accomplished In a 1 U , one of the most brilliant performances seen on the Flemington track for many a lot. of, men as their mail both seemed to have plenty left in them Sardius the head twice round t»tro«i,J>t whilst Lord Milton and The li shop cantered slowly on the tin Lamington held her cating bout and lesbia did a good gallon M Rochester and Gardens section 1 Off Colour and first i mines doing the Mine, whilst lantern and Ruby suit BhmJurlj empUntd on the courts, lunatic may d froth) and stir at three quarter speed and I her race Her Hwcatcd on the tan station took future cases and If out, dew case more Inhitilaiw but Ko) at Midland! Chats for the finished their work with a fat half an . Coronet HMcuud and Moommeo and Anchorite were indulged Uialli Nordenfelt and I) spot and much asked to canter and sister won a (nice roan 1 at surface 1 rings tuner ii and ihueiiswoith cantered, and come up str m*,!} Poli Co per deaths Lou o, an several others were oliver id doing easy exercise and Kit husband was accord d nciutertwict round the outer track Once more was stories are absent, and it is in a pretty well the general opinion that he will not see the pot for the Melbourne Cup St Lawrence Aeolus, and W el come Jack did light work and fell John and Country Boy, after cantering, went a strong room i i on Brown who ed up for the first time, and was (then bound useful exercise at Paul and Dividend ran a fast a half mile at the conclusion of which the of printer looked slightly lame Lord Exeter and the Strong room is on the course and Uin^inaüttr» with the rest of w i BOU H twin was only re prices to enter Park Ilatttrau k and Dunlop had three punter i lace work and A Ration, with the Agent galloped! a mile and a quarter in Stn says whilst diamonds? and Utoj ii tailor ed home for half a mile in one Anita gallon] and half a mile within herself, and her art and Duration went a last three quarters of a suit A lot of other uninteresting work was done during the morning caused; r. The first eleven of the Melbourne Cried at Club open the season by pigs in South Melbourne it South Mel- bourne The MCC team will comprise Messrs Blackham Bruce Hull, M Ilwraith, Walters Swift Lorimer Stephens Old on a mat and White the follow lawn" report on South Melbourne Messrs Bowman Copper iUeeloy, Gibson M Leod, 1 Min chin, Mitchell Hot, lost (two), other,; one j M Minchin Trio seen 1 elevens commence a two days' match on the Melbourne ground Um follow In a will represent the M C C -Mtsitfl Harris; A Shoe li but to, 1 owner Carrie Allen, Hoy d Gomm, body, Junta mid Maw The M C C also play Balaclava O C at W indoor East Melbourne v Juniors Combined -The match between the last eleven of the last Melbourne club and ID jim or players selected from clubs competing for Messrs liojlonnd is one cup will be continued this afternoon, at half-past 2 o'clock on the North Fitzroy Cricket ground At the conclusion of last Saturday s p at the Lime wood -Juniors, 00 runs for the loss of seven wickets The University Cricket Club will put three teams in the field to day the follow in r have been chosen to represent the club in the match against Carlton first buyer, at Carlton play to commence at m (sharp Messrs li arrest, Freeman, Goldsmith Little, Master Pitcher, Rest Roberts is Scott, Trumble W Wingrove, emergency W uro vue Carlton team will be chosen from the following -W Midwinter, S Morris J Trinnick, G Barry, W Robertson C Nette, I Richards T Lc)doi,J Howitt It. Cullen, Knox J Melville, O Browning bayonet v Carlton second, at University University teams Clarke, Cook son Browne K Master Melville Fox J M Scott, Oakley. Mrs, H W "Smith W Sims twelfth man, Sutton A third team from the University. Club. proceeds to Oakleigh by the 20 p in train to play the Oakleigh COL . , . liUroj Port Melbourne two cab' match will be commenced at Port Melbourne, frame to commence at 8 you sharp. Fitzroy team -Conning, G Smart, M Lederman Waugh, Whitelaw T J Hayes T Smart, M Fardy, Wclblord, J. lopping , omínrciiücs 1 cttUjrcw, Atherton Williamstown V The Bohemians, at Williamstown The following: team will u present U i iliitiistcïwn - Allan Brown I Jfrpatrkk, Bruhn, master i confined. Judges M'Alister, 1 Oriana Trott, and Ijrull, nor keep Davidson Hotham v Hawthorn, at Hawthorn -The Hotham team are requested to meet at the town hall!, Hotham, at pm sharp, and contains the following -Cross bus, FvnuAii. Urecjuood, Honiton (ever Hunt, Little 'MVgiüborr Munro 1 earle, 1 case, Smith, Xaiiltard second at Jlotlnm Also following matches a are also arranged for to day -Richmond i and Mrs v Brighton on ground of the latter club East Melbourne Juniors v. Balmain, South'Vain- i Kensington at Etna ington , Parkville Rose of Hotham on the ground of the latter for Sports Depot Cup -Anglais a (""sea rose at Ila i thorn Wild or Belmont A To make Excelsior on the ground of the fun r Southern Cross % This it what it has sent a mark Southern Cross, (recently St V the« s for Tailors Cup at tawlicrpirk Southern Cross (club eleven) v the 1 trial at all tier i and Marlton 2 Hawk burn, for Law Cup on a imKor 1 football round St Andrew - i BahminJu lora on the formcrBj.rouud Ormond V C fire i > Vi it d on the. roll is of too soon as Melon v '-South Yarra 1 mon at Fawkner park Victory v Hawksburn at Albert park (near \\\archou"Lintn s Cricket ground) Abbotsford v Alexandra at North 1 street. Avoca a Waterloo, at St, Kilda Park Uke A J arm. The for the Sports Depot trophy A at Mr crt j work Grosvenor's Mohan ks at South Melb on a Grovenor v Perth I FitzroY for Sports Di port cup on Grosvenor ground Grosvenor-st Albion fo M M ills soup on ground of latter Avocat Waterloo on t no round of the latter Captain U Lilian stew in a valley at a line n to a tin for the Sports Dtp t from Kabul con and Arneil v Star of Richmond for an] area Dei it trophy on letters (from d Dudgeon an 1 Arnell R West b 1 United for Dirrn chillen o cup at Royal park St George's r Carlton A Hurts, at Kojaljirk ter Ccoi patrons Queens! trn v Western Market c i theatre seldom lel¡,hiau3\ North Head at the rear of the screen Ivanhoe- v Norwood at Bur wood CM! Sine M O II 1912 at Royal, park , J tut Melbourne an H I am ond econ 1 elevens on the East Melbourne M Fund picnic SHOOTING MELBOURNE.. GUN CLUB The new grounds in connexion with the Melbourne Gun Club, at North It rights were opened 1 yesterday afternoon About three months a of, the lease of the oî 1 (around Invite i p re I Mr Joseph Clarke offered to provide a piece of land, which was at once accepted, the area being 11 acres The laying out way immediately proceeded with, under the superin- the rule ace of lir U Pitt, and lit out and Mr E Levi, the secretary The (round U enclosed bean 6ft fence, and the 0 yards boundary is marked off by a wire netting fined A spacious pavilion has been erected Inwhl h are all the PICCOLI ar> appliances, with lavatory and secretary a office as each car A caretaker's cottage and pigeon house also stand outside the fence. The entire cost of the land, fencing, and buildings amounts to about i.j,000 A number of the members a«<-eiiiblcd on the "'rounds about 2 o'clock, and celebrated the opening by a luncheon, which was laid out in a marquee by Mr Skinner Captain A ft Inglis presided, and proposed the health of Mr Joseph C ark o in suitable terms, to which that gentleman responded After drinking the health of the teen for an adjournment was made to the thou to me around the president having given a trophy to be won outright Lichtcon entered The number r of Mines was nine, with the usual sweepstakes No fewer than seven shot the whole of their birds and the ties occupied a Iron? Mine, in urana off, Mr. Stephenson letting of his first, Mr. L Clarke at the fifth Mr Pitt at the ninth and-Mr Wickets at the tenth shot. Mt Bar buyer, Inglis, and Glenister then agreed to divide the money, and shoot off for the trophy, when the second named misled, and Messrs bi\tr and Glenister having killed 11 each, or 20 successively In all they are each to receive a trophy. The following were the scores - Mr L Clarke, 'd by its 1,1,1,1,11,1,1,1 0 Mr W. Sayer as yds . 1,1,111,1,11,1 0 Captain Inglis. 50 mile .... 1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1 f Mr W. Pitt, 20yds . 1,1,111,11,1,1 0 Mr. P Glenister, 20 yds .. 1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1 0 Mr J Stephenson, 25 a day .. 1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1 l) Mr. W Woolcott, 2yds .. 1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1 0 Mr Howson, 30yds .... 1,1,1,1 1,0,1,1,1 S Mr S Smith, 2nd .... 1,1,1,1,0,1,1,1,1 8 Mr. J O Inglis, 220yds " 1,0,0,1,1,11,1,1 7 Mr C F Fraser, 25yds ... 1,1,0,1,1,1,1,0,1 7 Mr W. J. Henderson, 22d .. 1,1,1,0,1,0,1,1,1 7 Mr. A. Garner, alias .. 1,1,1,1,0,0,1.1,1 7 Mr A W Pearson 27d ,. 1,10,1,1,0,0,1,1 0 M G Buckley, 20 a day .. 1,0,1,0,01,1,0,1 0 Mr W. J) Clarke 14 yds.. 0,1,1,1,1,1,1,0, IL Mr J Sheldon. 221 du .... 1,1,1,1,0,1,11, Mr. Michael, 25 yds .... 0,0,1,0 It * Assumed names. HURLINGHAM GROUNDS. The entries for Tuesday's handicap, at the above grounds close this evening, at Cullen's Brighton The preliminaries are advertised of an athletic carnival to be brought off on five nights during the VRC Spring Meeting, commencing in Cup week The East Melbourne (ground has been secured, and it is proposed to illuminate this with the electric light in order to attract athletes from all the colonies £200 will be labour foresters in all states for heavyweight left- ing, raiding dumbbells, scientific boxing, broadsword exercise, for fencing-in of war, and national dancing A very large scale will be erected turns (Hatch in front of the grand stand, and, in addition, a band of 20 performers, in company with dozen High- land pipers will be engaged Already Messrs WhUtlur, Dinnie, Miller, and others have intimated their readiness to compete LAWN TENNIS CHAMPIONSHIP The "Lawn Tennis Championship matches arranged for the Melbourne Cricket Club were continued by sturdily Tile teams round of the ladies champion match was played before n Miss Patterson and Miss Smith The play was even up to the 12th frame, when each lady was 0 all After this Miss Shaw won 7 games to Allis 1 attorson a lathe total Blowing 13 to MISH shares against 7 for Mrs Patterson The final gentleman a single battle 1 match was played bitumen Messrs AA J A Liddell and L vlh}tc Tliof underwent away with the lead from the first FOonnr 12 games to 3 The latter then pulled up a little but the final result bltotiul-Kid dell 25 IA by the, 11 TI o matches fixed for to day are the first pairs for the gentlemen s double handed match to commence at half I hill- Messrs II Arthur an I AA detail 1 lay Messrs Ratcliff and Dittmfor I and Messrs Bartram and Martin play Alen rs I) AA e is an 1 a partner At half last Me so i Moule antill nine I have Messrs MR. hill and 1. Smith an I Mrs ¡ti left and! Col them play Messrs Godfrey an 1 sort v the ladies double li in his match commences at 11 o'clock Misses Furnell and Patterson a Inf Misses Maguire and keenly s and A! sis- Brunton and Hetherington 1 ray Misses A Beckett and Mayne A III IA. UCS CAUUIIin 01 AAIMAU SCHOOL, SPORTS The annual athletic sports of tlioCiulflcId Training School here bel I've tennis at banner part M this London and AA at on acted as J i tes Mr G Hear ham as re crew and Mr L 1) as as a carter who follow I c were the results of the various events - Kelly the footballing Crosby, 1, Anon, 2, Monsoon 3 Throwing the Cricket Ball Kermode, 1, It Cro b) Bettschart 3 lUnumi" Loi^Juiup-II Crosby's, Laurie y,2, Kermode 3 Anulthgiiith lolc-Iicckivith 1 Morrison 2 1 lit 1 ace, 100 v aid (of en) -II Crosby, 1, tang lev Aloribon I Flat Race 150yds tforliovsundorir) -Courtney, 1 to Eden A begins on J Hill the High Jump -li Crosby 1, Ivcrmodo, 2 , Mails i Flat Race 50 yards (for boys under 14) -Chomlt), 1 An error i 2 Siudcimu I. I muslin Hull jump (for boys under lo)-TeiLU son J Uli the just s mean Race (for hot sun 1er H) - neath and Cadden 1 Hitchcock and leave at 2 Flat Race I00}urls(fur i ij»um!crl3) -J Crosby I slenderest 1. Chomley 3 Flat H ice J 0 yards (open) -Harris, P, M Quiz, 2 It Crosby 1 Running High Jump (for boys under 13) W allie-, 1 Itiath - ( ood on 3 Oil lies Race 100yds Walker, 1, Hitchcock, 2 1 1 Ferguson Hill no 500 yards (for boys under 10-4 Quio, 1, J 1 on her 2 I citron J Monkey Face ((or boys under 13 - minute, 1, Death 2 Hitchcock 3 Hurdle Race, 125 } area -1 orguson, 1, Crosby, 2, M yule I (lil boys lease 100 }anls-Icn,usou, 1, AAP!! cr, 2 Hitchcock 1 Smile of The 100 yards (or on) - Goodisson and Atcliloi 1 AAaUsnliiKadlcn i AV wheelbarrow 1 accept. Mr th, wheeled by J Cross v, 1 Flat Race 440 yards (of en) Harding, F, J I c her L H Crosby J I", and St oon tree, 30 yards.- Harding. 1, Cr by > Co lisbon 3 Old Boy s Hace 440 yards Ferguson, 1, AA alter " Chariot Race -Iltdera r Minnie 1 O Holland 2. Hat Ira e ego jardi-llanillo., 1, Blackham, 2, Liekiillb J Sack I as a, 50 yards (open) - Ferguson, 1, Kerr, 2 M Quin S One Mile Availing-C Cadden, 1, R. Bender, 2, G kvvitli I i i allow Harte 80 yards (opened Holland, 1, II Cadden 2 Harding 1 Go as you please to minutes. Walsh. E, J Pender Stone . the School Cup was won in li Crosby with 20 [ oh is an 1 a cup for the second highest number of ] points by IN U ording with in a points. SHOWING NO I US The Yarra is rapidly assuming a rowing season aspect an I the clubs are endeavouring to bring their music in back to work with the inducements of scratch and will races, today the Yarra "Yarra Club began the season with scratch fours and the clubs in Albert park hold scratch ok h m which are open to Williamstown or Melbourne common the W tiles and Scotch Colleges will not compete in the Pub in Schools second from race this year the Ccplonc, an i Melbourne Grammar School oval loving prepare 1 crews who Meet of ne crew, who are some what light averaging but Ott. Vlb row fairly well and with plenty of (cinemas and the Geelong crew, with an average of 10 t, bit) are highly spoken of An opportunity of set ing both corn editors will be afforded on 1 Thurs day next when the Geelong crew come t Melbourne, and will accept the invitational Mr. and Mrs. Austin, at Caulfield, to be their guests during their stay in town The annual meeting of the Banks Row i nee Club was held at Mrs R Young and Jackson a Hotel, on Tuesday The report spoke favourably of the progress of the club and the treasurer's statement showed the tin nut. Lb to be in good state The total receipts for the year amounted to site and the expenditure to 38 and a balance of IHnu carried forward The following (ant eaten were elected office bearers for the season 1835 0 -President Mr H G Turner, vice president, Mr A Nichols captain, Mr C Thomas , treasurer, Mr W A Harlow , secretary, Mr O Cummins committee Messrs Shaw, Gillon, Officer, Fowler, and Kite. The president expressed his In a nation of presenting trophies for trial fours and pairs, the fours to be rowed on October 24 The formal opening of the M reantile Rowing Clubs new shed is to take place on Sa ward a v next The patrons of the club and a number of representatives from the various kindred clubs have been invited to be present to witness the ceremony The following crews have been picked for the Trial Fours of the Mel bourne Rowing Club to be rowed on October 24 De Little (stroke) behind, Brissenden, Gillespie I embrace (strol e) to wer, Perkins, Corr , K Hughes (stroke) Simpson, rounds, Broomfield , Watson (stroke), Wclirall, Evans A 7 Mons Harri son (stroke) Sold, Uofchom, W Evans, I Franklin (stroke) L Ilenfcv, !' h. Henry, King, Thonemann i stroke) Davis, Lang, street, South (stroke), West, Trott, Holroyd YACHTING. THE VICTORIA YACHT CLUB The monthly meeting of the members of the Boston Yacht Club was held at the club rooms on Wednesday evening , Co mm order of Hock I am in the chair. It was announced that the opening cruise was arranged to be held on October 24, and the } yachts of the St Kilda and Brighton clubs had agreed to join in the nitnfimvres, which would take place off St Kilda Much has faction was expressed at the Ititi nation conveyed by 'reason In the columns of "The Argus, that Her majesty the Queen bad as corded permission to the club to assume the price, of " Boys. " YACHTING NOTES About 40 craft of various descriptions of red in the demonstration held by the Sydney Yacht Club last Saturday to inaugurate the season Tim steamer Admiral convened a munt tr of spectators Co I aero Cov e w s once a start w -is Title under the direction of Commodore 1 alrfax for Watsons Bay, thence down the harbour, and round the warships Nelson and Wolverene to Double Bay where the signal to part company was given the S>dn._> Amateur Canvas Dingy Club, which now consist- of 140 members, sailing- 23 boats, also formally commenced this season's proceedings on Saturday last A number of gentlemen were con veyed on the steamer repairs to Cremorne at 3 o'clock in the afternoon where prior to landing for The luncheon, the boats went through several evolutions under the command of Mr li hardly The prize of a cap and colours given for the best and neatest turn out was awarded to the Olivette. A Sydney gentleman has acquired possession, front Mr Castra of Hobart of the second CAPE J yacht Midge The present owner intends, putting her in commission for the present season a races i ox TEiuunns Mr Joseph Thompson has Even a cup value 5 Sovs to be run force for ttrntrpuppies atAIi.chi.il s HncLcourso 1 lunn ton Newmarket on the 12th inst he prize is en fit for the Leviathan Cup LUCY CLING The folio vin - runs are arranged for this afternoon -Normanby) Club to Alphington Carlton Club to Duntroon unfit Melbourne Club to forwood, torn tide Club to Heidelberg BOWLING North I ifzroy v li thmond will be played on the latter of green, where members are requested to put in an appear mee at a o'clock -h in Inu I Richmond Union open the r pareen this afternoon with a match 1 re; Gent v Vice president, com medicine at > o'clock sharp Members from other clubs are in it I The Fitzroy How lins streets will be opened today with a match between teams chosen by the lion too injured and hon secretary Sides are to be chosen at 3 o'clock sharp QUOI rs. The first contest in a handicap game of quoits for pri? is, the gift of Mr G Chapman of 01 Swainston use of to the South Melbourne (some time Club, will (commence on the club's ground in Moray-street, at 2 o'clock this afternoon SP01.n\G TELEGRAM frOM OUI! CoiUtESrONDGNT ) DIMBOOLA, FRIDAY Good entries have been reserved for this Dimboola Rowing Club Regatta, to be held on the 9th November, which already pro- mises to be a great success A special train has been engaged to run from Stilwell on the day of the regatta, returning in the Even- ing 1 