TUBF GOSSIP. BY AUGUR. The Bracelet meeting of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club is one of the most popular among winter fixtures, and if the weather be fine this afternoon the programme published by Mr. Bond should attract a large gathering; to Caulfield. There is no place where sport can be more comfortably enjoyed, and, as the railway and public vehicles will land pas sengers almost on the course, those who wish to nave a pleasant afternoon's outing cannot have any excuse for neglecting the meeting at Gaolfield. With nothing very brilliant in the Hurdle Race, Mr. Barnard was compelled to commence with Buzza, and he keeps Guard fish well nponthe list because he more than once showed good form in the West Irralee is new to hurdles, and probably he will be reserved for something better, but Scobeloff may be among the starters, and in such company, over a mile and three quarters, be may distinguish him self, Despatch and Agitation have Bhown some form in their respective colonies, but they have not created anything like a sensation here. Minerva has won once since she came from Tasmania, andatlOst 101b. in snch company she does not appear to be harshly used. Of the others, Equity, Tattler, Insolvent* Chatsworth, Caetleton, Indian Queen, and Dunleary all, appear to be pretty well in, and probably j Tattler or Chatsworth will win. In the Open Steeplechase Clarence heads the list at 12st 31b., and Bhould he have Corriran upon his back he will be hard to beat, blackthorn, too, is fairly well in at list. 121b., and Fickle, Indian Queen, Sir Samuel, Union, Studley, Chester, and Patchwork are all nicely weighted; and to select two from the lot I shall choose Clarence and Sir Samuel. The latter is in a winning vein, and seems to keep improving. Blackthorn ought to win the Victoria Gold Cup, and next to him perhaps Indian Queen is most worthy of confidence. The Ladies' Bracelet is the race around which the greatestamount of interest will be centred. Here, again, we have nothing of much conse quence amongBt the older horses, and there fore Grace Darling and Precious Stone are at the top of the handicap with 8st. 121b. each. The distanceis six furlongs, a course to which both are partial^ Precious Stone especially, but I doubt if either is quite good enough to win. Plausible I don't fancy, but Stafford has performed so consistently of late that I fully expect to see him play an important part in the contest Bristol, The Ghost, Virago, and Mistake are all brilliant, and are fairly well treated, but Claptrap has bis full share of weight Achilles and Meander should have a show at their respective weights ; and as Ringmaster meets Stafford on 51b. better terms than he did on Saturday, he, too, may be heard of, though the stable has a better card in Evie. The ancient Phantom, if he were the Phantom of old, would behardtobeafc with7sfc 8Jb., and Femlea at the same weight reads as well as anything. Of the lighter weights Tissue, Hannibal, and Delamia strike me as leniently treated; and the three best, in my opinion, are Meander, Phantom, and Delamia. Silver King has been awarded the post of honour in the Rich mond Handicap, but he will not be pulled but for this event Eit Nubbles is a real good horse, as he has more than once proved, but he is m no condition just now, so he maybe dismissed. Grace Darling comes next at 8st 121b,, and then Plausible and Precious Stone at lib. less. I fancy The Ghost has a show; but Anglesey, Pailleroo, Ringmaster, Evie, Conntry Boy, Maroney, Bonnie Scotland, and Urara and Honora also look well in. Of these perhaps Anglesey, Pailleroo, and Evie are the most worthy of confidence. The Singapore races took place last month, and extended over three days. Most of the competitors were Australian horses, and they secured the lion's Bhare of the plunder. The first day opened with the Maiden Plate, in, which the competitors were ridden by amateurs, and in a field of five the Celestial Confederacy's Burraneer won cleverly. The winner once occupied a place in Mr. A. F. Smart's stable, ana is by Maribyrnong from Milliner, by Millionaire from Caress, by Indian Warrior from Sweetheart He is therefore closely related to such celebrities as j Richmond and The Diver. The second race was for ponies, and was won by Galopin, wbo beat 10 others. The winner was ridden by the Australian jockey Dalian. The Ladies' Purse! fell to Egyptian. Is this the son of Country- i man? Tben Kynoona won the Singapore] Derby, which was "for firet-claBS horses." Of course in Australia Kynoona would be considered a long way from a first-class honq. I but in Singapore he appears to be "cock oil the walk," a veritable champion. Daring the season before last he ran respectably in the Western District, where he won the Warr nambool Maiden Plate and Boxing Day Han-( dicap and the Terang Cap. He is by Kingdom, a horse whose stock are coming to the front The ? Coromandel Vase was won by Bas Blanc, the winner being ridden fcy Mr. Watson, who was successful on Weasel in the Arab Cap. On the second day the Ran goon Cap, for ponies, was .won by Heath, ridden by H. Abrams, an English jockey, and I the Teatonia Cap fell to Magician, ridden by Mr. Watson. The winner, before he left Australia, was in Mr. George Glasscock's stable. The Kongkek Cap was won by In gomar, 10s t. 81b., beating Bas Blanc, list. 3ib., by a length. The time for a mite and a half is given as 2m. 40a,, which l beg leave to question. Probably three minutes would be nearer the mark. For the Celestial Plate Kynoona walked over, and on the third day be won the Champion Stakes, bat he had only Magician and Ingomar to oppose him, and aa they-met him at weight for age the I performance was not anything oat of the' way. Mr. Watson won the Opium and Spirit Farmers'.Capon his own horse Kettledram. Dalian won the Rochore Plate on King's Head, who was reported to have "a leg," and the same jockey piloted Magician to victory in the Maharajah's Cup, which was run for over hurdles, and on the same day he carried off a consolation race -on a pony named Prince Charlie. Mr. Thomas H&yaon; haBteceivedexcellent entries for the meeting to be ran at Elstern wiek-park on the 4th of July, bad if the course is not converted into a perfect slough by thecontinuanceofrain, there should be very interesting racing on American Independence Day. The sport of our cousins, however, will not form a prominent feature in the pro gramme, and if General Morgan should happen to drop in he will find that Polly, Maud, and Albion, who are engaged in the trot, are "small potatoes" compared with the cracks that he has seen on the tracks of his native country. At the other game he will find we are all at home, and both Hurdle Race and Grand National will take his fancy-in fact, I'm strong in the belief that the American consul will prefer the jumping races and flat races to anything in the shape of a trot, for the gen tleman who now represents the United States beare the reputation of being a horseman himself, and a burst over timber or on the flat will probably be more to his taste than the less-exciting trot For the Selling Race 22 horses have been nominated. There are 13 in the Selling Steeplechase, and no less than 45 in the July Handicap. These events, with the Hurdle Race and Grand National Steeple chase, will provide a rare day's sport for those who drive to Elstern wick-park. Mr. Andrew Town is determined that he will have something worthy to fill the place of Maribyrnong when the old son of Fisher man ehuiHea off. He must now have nearly 20 thoroughbred stallions at Richmond, yet still he does not appear to be satisfied, for lie has' secured, through Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co., Mr. 11 J. Hunter's recently imported thoroughbred horse Cheviot. He is by Adventurer from Grey Stocking by Stock well, and as the sire is by the celebrated New minster, probably he will suit a great number of the mares at present in the Richmond stud. I've always thought Mr. Town made a great mistake in allowing Dare bin to go to Queensland, and I've still an idea that the breeders of New South Wales will have cause to regret the departure of Lurline's son. He possessed what many of the New South Wales horses lack, bone and substance, and was just the type of horse for the colony. Cheviot, however, is a valuable acquisition for his blood, and it is to be regretted that some of our Victorian breeders had not the enterprise to secure him. If they will not make an attempt to get well-bred sires when they are thrown in their way, they cannot expect to cope with New South Wales in the two and three year old races. Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co. have also disposed of the American trotting sire Honesty to Mr. Andrew Town. Messrs. Miller and Curnow, having found that the patronage of Victorian owners of marea was of a very lukewarm description, determined to accept a very liberal offer made by the firm on behalf of Mr. Town, and the celebrated chesnnt goes to New South Wales. He was at Kirk's Bazaar on Wednesday, and looking! remarkably welL Victoria thus loses the best trotter she ever possessed, and as j Honesty was a grand type of horse, his loss will be a national one. In purchasing this ] line exponent of American trotting Mr. Town was influenced by the support awarded to his American sire Childe Harold, whose list could have been filled twice over last season. In order to meet the demands of owners of mares, he decided to obtain another trotting stallion, and his choice fell upon the very best horse, perhaps, in Australia, for whom he gave four figures I understand. By breeding from excellence Mr. Town should succeed, and if he cannot command success, he certainly deserves it. No man in Australasia has gone to the expense that he has in the purchase of sires and mares. He is a model studmaster, and the style in which he manages the vast establish ment over which he presides is quite refreshing to see. At Richmond, now, there are about five and twenty sires of all classes, thorough bred, trotting, anddranght, and over 200mares will be at Richmond this season ; yet there is not a mare or a foal in the establishment that Mr. Town cannot pick out at any reasonable distance. Moonee Valley, surrounded by vineyards, farms, and green fields, looked charming on Saturday last, and notwithstanding the lonjg j continuance of wet weather the running ground was in very fair order. Since the last meeting Mr. Cox has had a portion of the grand stand bill enclosed, and the public who patronise this point of vantage now run no risk of being kicked by the horses. Cripps brought out a very useful horse in Vulcan for the Hurdle Race, and he won pretty easily, though it must be confessed the field opposed to him was a very moderate one. The Kingston party thought they had a real good thing in Stafford for the June Handicap, but it was upaet by a rank outsider named Lando, who ran but indifferently at Wyndham. Ringmaster, who was a bit of a favourite at one time, receded to 100 to 1 offered while the horses were running, and some uncompli mentazy remarks were made respecting his performance. Previous to the race his owner iverred that the colt had no show, as he did not consider him nearly so well aa when he ran at Moonee Valley upon a previous occa sion, nor was he favoured in the matter of weight, and therefore, I presume, he was started merely for a gallop. Sir Samuel in the Steeplechase proved that his victory at Wyndham was no fluke, for he won with a bit in hand, and Brella upset the Goldtop pot in the Selling Race very cleverly, her victory being popular because she was the property of Mr. S. Strettle. Over half a mile Pyrette is undoubtedly one of the best animals in the colony. The style in which she jumps away and brines her field along is a treat to wit ness, ana her victory in the Winter Handicap stamps her a very brilliant mate. In the Steeplechase Winters on {Cheater'Iaid so far oat of his gtonnd as to raise a suspicion thai he was not doing bis best, bat I fancy from the explanation of the owner it must have been an error of judgment It is well, tow ever, that the stewards Bhonld keep their eyes open, and endeavour to bring to book those whose performances bear a question able aspect, Returning from the Valley I called in to see Mr. Thomas (Joker, who had been -so seriously injured by being thrown out of his traggy. I found the veteran in a very weak state, bat I'm glad to say that he is now oat of danger and progressing favourably. , < St Gatien has demonstrated that he-retains his three-year-old form by winning the Ascot Cup.- Second to him was Eole. an American horse, the property of Mr. Fred Gebhard, who paid so much attention to Mrs. Langtry during her tour through the United States. St Gatien, it will be remembered, is the pro perty of.Mr. John Hammond, a member of the English betting ring. Laist year he can a dead heat with Harvester for the Derby, and electrified the English , racing world by carrying 8st 101b. and winning the Cesarewitch. His owner also landed the Cambridgeshire with Florence, and by this double victory, it is said, he won over £100,000, not a bod coup for a man who graduated as a stable boy.1 Mr. Hammond is possessed of considerable natural ability, and during his turf career he has run a pretty straight course, consequently he is popular in Ihfe old country. His colt St. Gatien is considered the best horse in England, and being by a son of Blair Athol, from a mare descending from Annette, by Priam, he is bred a good deal like some. of our Australian horses. The Rover, to whom his paternity is ascribed, is by Blair Athol from Crinon, by Newminister from Margery Daw,by Brocket from Protection, by Defence; while St Editha, St. Gatien's dam, is by Kingley Vale from Lady Alice, by Chanti cleer from Agnes, by Clarion from Annette, by Priam. St Albans is by . Blair Athol from Pandora, by Cotheratone from l'olydora, by Priam, End therefore his excellence as a sire is easily explained. "Tramp&tor;," of the Adelaide Observer, says:-" 1 am given to understand that if the totalisator is legalised again this session Mr. P. B. Coglin, M.P., will make another trip to England for the purpose of buying some blood stock and giving breeding anot her trial. The member for Newcastle has already reached the three Bcore and ten years allotted to man, but he is as fresh as ever, and hopes to rear another Rufus before his connexion with the thoroughbred ceases for ever. Mr. Coglin is now busily engaged in pressing the claims of the totali&ator; upon his fellow members. " "What a pity it is that the veteran sportsman of South Australia ever opposed. However, "There is more joy," kc. On Monday next Mr. Harnard will declare the handicaps for the V.R.C. winter meeting and Melbourne Cup, and Mr. Scarr will declare the weights for the Hawkesbury Handicap and Metropolitan. ;The Caul field Cup weights are qot due until Mondar, July 6, and will not be declared until that date. H. TibballB returned from Tasmania at the latter end of last week, and brought with him Clarendon and St Albert. 1 believe Revenge and another will follow at some future date. Another long race has fallen to a descendant of Voltigeur, this time on the dam's side. The winner of the Chester Cup is by Albert Victor from Bonny May, by Newminster from Bonny Bell, by Voltigeur from Queen Mary, the dam of Blink Bonny. At the Wellington (India) races last montb. Major Symons's chesnut Australian gelding won the Service Stakes, a Hurdle Race, and the Wellington Puree. Dr. Featherston hangh's Australian geldinj* The Clown also won a race, and at the Kadur meeting Outlaw won the Kadur Derby. From the Indian Planter's Gaztlic I learn that in the Military Steeplechase run at Suakin Lieutenant Airey's horse Sydney was opposed by an English gelding and two English mares. The Australian won easily, and, as I have before told my readers, was ridden by his owner, who is an officer in the New South Wales Contingent, recently re turned from Egypt. Between Wagga and Albury there is a little place called Yerong Creek, but in the vicinity there dwell several squatters with sporting proclivities, and when I mention the names of Westby, Cox, King, and Pearson, those who have visited Wagga during the spring meeting will readily recognise that Yerong Creek is fortunate in having good sportsmen in the district. Well, Yerong Creek is to have its race club, for at a meeting held there on Saturday night it was decided to form one under the name of the Yerong Race Club. A very strong body of officers was ap pointed, as the following will show:- Presi dent, Mr. 0. Cox; vice-president, Mr. A. A. Westby; judge, Mr. John King; hon. treasurer, Mr. F. W. Gowlland: hon. secretary, Mr. G. F. Plunkett; clerk of the course, Mr. J. Per cival; starter, Mr. R Cox; auditors, Messrs. C. H. Croaker and R, B. Wood; committee, including the officers, Messrs. E. C. Pear son, S. Hawkins, M. A. Lipscombe, C. Edghall, T. Keighran, J. J. Percival, E. J. Willans, J. Cox, R. B. Wrathall, W. Sissons, J. O'Keefe, J. Kelly, H. King, M. Ryan, J. Murray, J. Snodgrass. The mem bers wish to hold a meeting after the spring gathering at Wagga. The programme will be discussed at a future meeting. Donations to a large amount were promised, and it is expected that the club will be able to have six races, of which the chief will be a mile or mile and a quarter handicap lor £100. Mr. Manks, one of the Flemington Carriers, complains bitterly of the tax imposed upon hisclassby the V.R.C. and V.A.T.C. There is some force in his argument, and it seems to me that the case would be met if a certain number of farriers were registered, a&d; allowed Admission to the grand stand en closure by paying an annual fee of £L As nearly all Australian horses run barefooted, the farrier is just as necessary as the jockey or the groom, and he certainly does not get paid nearly so well as the former. In days gone by I think farriers were allowed in free, and I don't know why any alteration should have been made. T. Coffey was so disgusted with Olivette's performance at Moonee Valley that he sold her for £10. The training trades at Fleroington still continue in a Shocking bad state. Jonathan intends to put another coating of cinders on the inner track when he can procure the necessary stuff, but what a pity it is that, a supply was not kept on the ground. It is ex pected that the new track inside the course proper will be finished next week, and alter it has been well rolled, I believe it will be opened to the trainers, who will be clad to gjet somewhere out of the mud. If some thing could be done to theroad leading from the entrance gate to the sheds trainers tell me they would ieel thankful. Mr. D. M. Robertson has purchased a block of ground at Flemingtan, where he intends to erect stabling upon the most iunproved principles. He will also put up a ne&jt; Utile villa, and with Coronet, Moonsnee, Claudiem, Cincinnatus, and others, he will have a nice little string to commence next season with. John Nicholson, who was formerly with Joe Morrison, will be in charge, and as he knows his business thoroughly, there ought to he more than one winner from Coronet lodge." In consequence of Coffey's string having increased, the trainer of The Broker, Acolyte, kc., has determined to enlarge his premises, and he is erecting six new boxes. Turf affairs are very quiet in Tasmania just now. It is time the leading clubs made a move in framing their Bummer programmes for next season. Launceeton races first, and I presume the sportsmen of the northern portion of the island will take the initiative. "Tam o' Sbanter," of the 'J'asmanian Mail, says:-" In the course of next week I hope to hear of the original promoters of the annual Campbelltown Steeplechase Meeting putting their heads together with a view of bringing the affair off at the usual date. Several horseowners have succeeded in filling up Bome of the blanks rendered vacant by the exportation of so many of our jumpers, and these naturally had the Camjpbelltown meet in their mind's eye at the time. The various hunting clubB ought to be willing to raise the prize for the Hunters' Steeplechase, while there should be no difficulty in getting the public to contribute towards a Maiden Steeplechase, of say £50, and a Handicap Steeplechase, three miles, of £100 for the first horse. The ball only requires to be set in- motion to bring about the desired end. One of the moBt shapely, if not the very best - looking colt connected with the Waverley stud was the bay colt by Assyrian from Lass o' the Hills. I'm extremely Borry to hear that Mr. Agnew has had the bad luck to lose him. It Beems the little fellow got away with his halter on, and after galloping a short distance trod on the end of the roDe. Being thrown violently, the colt was so badly injured that he died the next day. Apart from being a rarely-bred one, and the single representative of that particular strain of blooa at the harem, the colt was an especial favourite of Mr. W. Clare, the painstaking Waverley trainer. About a month since Jennie (dam of Castleton, and own sister to Vision's dam) slipped her foal by Assyrian, so it must be said that Mr. Agnew has now experienced a full share of the losses attendant upon studmasters as a rule. The T.R.C. hon. sec, Mr. E. P. Wilson, has sustained a serious loss. The old brood mare, Rosebud, dam of First Light, set to galloping on her own account one day this week, and slipped two twin foals to Monarque." Mr. Cox has published his programme for Saturday, July 11, and it contains five events. The first is a Hurdle Race, of 50 sovs., one mile and three- quarters. Then follows the July Handicap, of 50 sovs., in which the sprinters can attempt to pick up their winter oats. Third on the list comes the Steeple chase, of 75 sovs., which is followed by a Selling Race, of 50 sovs., and the wind-up will be a handicap for two-year-olds. Entries will close at Mr. Cox's office. Kirk's Bazaar, at 4 p.m. on Monday, July 6. The owner of Fame has scratched the horse for his V. A.T.C. engagements. He seems to think that the horse has not been well treated, and tells me that as he leaves for Queensland shortly he will take Fame with him. I've looked op Fame's performances, and find that he has won but a single small Bteeplechase, and the Ballarat party having had enough of him, Bold him to his present owner, who placed him in P. Kelly's hands at Brighton. And . this reference to Kelly re minds me that he has nearly recovered from the illness which he suffered from BO long, and is able to get about again, but still is very lame. W. Harden, I am pleased to hear, has shown some BignB of improvement, and the hand which was for a time powerless shows signs of returning vitality. The Narandera spring meeting will take place on the 12th ana 13th November. Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. report having sold St Giles, ch c, 2yrs, by Columbus from Latona; brown gelding Warbler, 4 yrs, by Tim Whiffler from Cantatrice; chesnut mare, 4 yrs, sister to The Agent; Bourbon, br g, 3 yrs, by The Sign; and Grand Duchess, b m, 5 yrs, by Kingdom from The Novice. Indian traders are busy shipping just now. Last week Mr. Macklin despatched a valuable shipment, and to-morrow the Parthenope will take a fine lot of horses, the property of Messrs. Glasscock, Warner, ana Baldock. Mr. Gibney also sends a good lot, aud Mr. Thomas Leannonth's will follow shortly. Mr. W. J. Dangar has forwarded me a full tabulated pedigree of his recently- imported horse Clan Stuart, who is by the great Eng lish flyer Prince Charlie from Annie, by Tomahawk from Jewess. He is full of Stockwell and Touchstone blood, the name of the former appearing on each side of the pedigree, while Pocahontas is represented a third time through King Tom, the sire of Tomahawk. Queen Esther, the great grand dam on the dam's side, is by Warlock from The Thane, by Stockwell from Terrona, by Touchstone from Alice Hawthorne. This is an excellent pedigree, and as Mr. Dangar owns a number of imported mares, we may bear of him breeding something equal to Reginald. Mr. W. Calvert jun., writes to say that he considers the doings of his Arab horse Lucifer are unsurpassed by any Arab that ever came to Australia. He sends the list of his performances, and they are worth repeat ing. In 1872 he ran second to Marquis, and on the following day he carried 8st 131b. and won the Young Rajah's Cup. On the fourth day of the eame meeting, he carried 9et 41b., and won a mile and a half handicap, again beating Marquis. During that season he von four other races, and in 1874 he won the Bedouin Plate, carrying I0sfc lib.; and the Arab Handicap, carrying lOst 51b. At the Vizianagram meeting he -won the Astro nomer's Parse, and walked over for three other races. At the Calcutta meeting he won three races, one-in which he carried MVit, and at the Madras meeting he won the Bedouin Plate. Lucifer is the sire of Ned Kelly, Verito, Robin, and Brimstone, and his stock are spoken very highly of in the district where he is located. It will be generally admitted, I think, that the best all-round horse we ever possessed was Sussex-a good horse on the flat, and a great one over hurdles, and still greater acroBS country;. He wound up a brilliant career by carrying ISst lib. and winning the Grand National Steeplechase. Sussex has been placed in' Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. 's bands for private Bale. A horse of such size and substance iB bound to get horses of the same stamp as himself, ana, with such performances to recommend him, there should not be much difficulty in finding a purchaser for him. ' Mr.JBonS has requested me to state that in consequence of complaints having been re ceived that the <coadunen of members as semble in the.jCWB9ge paddock and cause annoyance tojitmby Brooking close to the carriages BJnbiSMiQ^ carnage paddock ha« ^Jbe^aitddtii^mMBbited. If, in future, *" i to epjoy « weed be tbere fore have to betake himself to the adjoining enclosure. . _ ,, The Northern Ilunt Club, of New South Wales, announces a meeting for Saturday, August 22, and the programme is published in the advertising columns of The Austral asian this week. It contains five events, commencing with the Hurdle Race, ot oO sovs., which is followed by the Flying Han dicap, of 50 sovs. The chief race of the day is the Northern Hunt Club Cup, in which the owner of the first horse will receive a trophy value 70 sovs., the second a trophy value 20 sovs., and the third a trophy value 10 sovs. This is a welter handicap steeplechase lor bond,fide hunters, to be ridden by gentlemen riders in hunting costume. I should like to see some of our Victorian amateurs figuring in this race. The other events are a Selling Plate, of 70 sovs., and the Hunt Stakes. En tries close with the secretary, Mr. John GiHies, West Maitland, and at the A.J.C. office, Sydney, on Monday, August 3. Members of the ring are just now feeling the truth of the adage that misfortunes do not come singly. Mr. E. K Jones, of Sydney, is the last victim, he having been accidentally scalded so seriously that he bad to keep to his room for a few days. 1 Mr. Agar Wynne, hon. secretary of the Ballarat Hunt Club, informs me that the fares for the special train to Trewalla on Saturday, July 4, will be £1 for rider and horse and 5s. for single passengers. The master, Mr. Norman Wilsont has invited the members of the club and friends to break fast, and a great day iB anticipated. Caulfield trainers are adding to their esta blishments, and as the ground is always available, no matter what the weather may be, there is a probability of some of the Fleming ton trainers sending some of their horses there during the winter months. T. Jones has increased his accommodation by building six extra boxes. Mr. F. Henty's filly Mia Cara has joined Mr. S. G. Cook's string at Flemiugton. She is a two-year-old daughter of St. Albans and Firefly, and won the Juvenile Stakes at Hamilton. Her dam. Firefly, is by Fireworks from Mayflower, by King Alfred from Shade, who runs back to the Peter Fin mare Rosa belle. The Bendigo Jockey Club meeting was fairly successful, and had it not been for the scene that f ol lowed the decision of the stewards in the Selling Hurdle Race there would have been nothing to mar the harmony of the oc casion. Huntsman's form in the Hurdle Race was in striking contrast to his Wyndham running, but horses are " kittle cattle," and perhaps are not always in the humour. Sir Samuel won the Steeplechase easily enough, and this Bon of Hughenden is likely to achieve even greater triumphs ere he closes his career. Sir Charles has disappointed Mr. Fraser more than once, but he was in a running vein at Bendigo, and he upset what was considered a good thing in Irralee. There is no reason why Sir Charles should not gain still higher honours, for he is full brother to The Gem, who so often dis tinguished himself in New South Wales. From what I can glean there can be no doubt the stewards had grounds for disqualifying Fusilier for the Hurdle Race. Scott, who rode him, is only lately from India, where I believe he bears anezcellentcharacter,and he states that the clerk of the course told him to keep the track, and in rounding the turn he imagined that the rider of Merri, who was making direct for the hurdle, was endeavouring to put him inside a post. This he resented by running Merri outside and knocking him down. Had he pulled off and allowed Merri to go on his way, there would have been no cause for complaint; but( instead of this, he hustled and jostled Merri, and had to pay the penalty. The ower of Fusilier entered a protest against the owner of Brace in an re ceiving the stakes until he had appealed to the V. R. C., but at a meeting of the stewards on Thursday it was resolved to take no notice of the protest, as the stewards considered the disqualification of Fusilier iustified by the evidence and the rules of racing. The secre tary was instructed to return Mr. Weeks's letter, and it was also decided to take pro ceedings against the owner of Fosiler and S. DaviB for insulting behaviour. Judging from the entries received for the Deniliquin Jockey Club races, there should be a capital meeting in July. For the Flying Handicap there are 25, Warbreccan Handi cap 28, D.J.C. Handicap 22, Midwinter Handi cap 24, Woolbrokers' Handicap 27, Hurdle Race 17, Steeplechase 15, Ladies' Bracelet 30 entries. For the Steeplechase Denmark, Union, Blackthorn, Moonlight, and Indian Queen figure among the nominations. Among the flat racers are Duration, Vernet, Book maker, Cincinnatus, Sir Charles, The Athenian, Uncas, Triple, Wanda, Ragman, Tantaliser, Novelette, ana others from Vic toria, BO that this colony has fully recognised the importance of the D.J.C. meeting. Mr. R. H. Vallance, who owned Bundoora, Turquoise, and other good horses in New Zealand, intends to make another visit to Aus tralia. I T. Corrigan arrived from Ballarat yesterday, and brought with him Dundee, who will start for the Victoria Gold Cup; and Chieftain has ] also arrived from Ballarat to run for the same race. The latter will be ridden by Mr. T., Watson, and if Mr. W. Glasscock should ride : Dundee instead of Blackthorn, the race for this trophy will be a most interesting one. Finding that it was impossible to give his horses anything like fast work at Fleming ton, Mr. Cook has taken some of them to! Brighton. A young man named Russell, employed in Mr. P. Dowling'e Btables, while schooling a horse in Albert-park, met with injuries which proved fatal It appears that the hone fell with him, and the lad was so severely hurt that he had to be taken to the Alfred Hos-. pital, where he died on Thursday. Some time ago I mentioned that it was the intention of Mr. W. S. Cox to add 300 sovs. to the Moonee Valley Cup. Since then Mr. C. D. Straker and two or three friends have in formed Mr. Cox that they will present lite winner with a handsome silver cup, Vfllue 60 sovs. The proprietor of the grounds is still on the march of improvement, and is plant ing 300 more trees. Mr. George Hathorn, of Ballarat, has been seriously ill, but his friends will be glad to bear that he is now improving. An event that arfnually creates a deal of interest among the members of the Victorian Betting Club is the billiard tournament This year there was not the same enthusiasm, be cause directly a member named Gregory bad Stayed his first round it was evident that e had not shown his true form in the few matches he had played in the club. As be bad been backed for a considerable amount it may be imagined how a few that had laid against him "gave tongue." As the various games proceeded his victory was regarded as a certainty, and the Bub-committee which bad the supervision of the tourna ment actually held a meeting with a view to disqualifying: the apparent "moral" for hoi prdViQBgly ^bowing Ins true form. Boiling over vritn ^jrtuouB indigna tion, one member proposed thai lie should be disqualified light away; but wiser counsels i>ieywl©4i ana the Qmm jxmty; was swallowed, but very reluctantly. The two left in to play the final came were Gregory and J. Coleman, and the former woo. ScitATcmxGS. - V.A.T.C. Hurdle Race - Bum, Gmculus Ksurieus, Victor, Scobeloff, Zealandia, Dunleary, Devilshoof, Irralee, Insolvent, Agitation. Victoria Gold Cup-Buzza, Fame, Katunga. Ladies' Trophy-Virago, Gardenia, Favour, Stafford, Pre cious Stone, llingmaster, Recall, Veruet. Open Steeplechase-Hindoo, Fame, Equity, Dcceiver, Victor. Bichmond Ilandioap- Fernside, Silrer King, Bristol, Gipsy's Warning, Stafford, and Prccious Stone. 