NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." No reply. Protection. War imminent. More ghost stories. More men for India. Furbish up your shooters. "Thauman" v. "Thauma." A bicycle trip to Melbourne. Russia playing fast and loose. Beware of splinters in the feet. Recidivistes going to get pepper. What a rumpus there will be directly! Hanlan has now quite a fleet of boats. Turkey anxious for a British alliance. More French scum for New Caledonia. Fifty more unemployed sent to Petersburg. Sala had a gala night with the Argus scribes. Indian officers on furlough have been re- called. George Eliot was a "marvel of mental power." Professor Wraggc on high-level observatories to-night. Five hundred miners at the Gumeracha goldfields. Military preparations proceeding in England and India. C. Hayward to play for the Combined Col- leges to-day. Bizzy and Ferry going to grab Luxembourg and Holland. The New South Wales contingent has ar- rived at Aden. Pastor Baraber on "organism." Where's Canon Green? General Roberts is to proceed to Bolan Pass with 25,000 men. Another football association—The South Australian Junior. Footballers beginning to knock the dust off their knickerbockers. Old Blood and Iron getting France to assist his annexation designs. Fifteen thousand pounds will be expended on the proposed arcade. Our special war correspondent has sent his first message from Aden. Barnes, the self-confessed murderer, pro- nounced not to be insane. Wilkie Collins has just celebrated his sixty- first birthday anniversary. University v. Combined Colleges on the Adelaide Oval to-day perhaps. Prussia and France dividing Europe. Sequel, Prussia will divide France. The Rundle and Grenfell street arcade to be commenced within a few weeks. Let us have a little more protection against protected neighbors and foreigners. Dr. Allan Campbell and Mr. James Martin candidates for the Legislative Council. Cool weather is bad for publicans. Only one drunk at the Police Court this morning. Is Mr. James Martin to be the representa- tive of the Political Science Association. Russians intriguing with the Turks, with the Afghans, and possibly with El Mahdi. If he lived long enough Bizzy would eventu- ally annex Jules Ferry and France as well. Officers, men, and horses belonging to N.S.W. contingent all well so far. Hurrah! Brigadier-General Owen, our new comman- dant, has embarked. He comes by the R.M.S. Clyde. Congregational jubileeists in New South Wales send along congratulations about that £12,000, "Russia" recommends formation of cadet corps to drive Russian fleets from South Australia. Remarkable firing by Lieutenant Addison, of the Orroroo Company R.V.F, Seven bulls- eyes at 200 yards. The Hon. John would protect to the extent of 15 or 20 per cent. Put that in your pipe, Mr. Rounsevell. In April a lightning express train will begin to run between Paris and St. Petersburg. It will make the trip in fifty-eight hours. It seems the juvenile ore-pickers at Moonta did not get what they asked for, but went to work again at the rate they were being paid when they struck. George Eliot learnt to speak fluently Ger- man, French, Italian, and Spanish; and she read Greek, Latin, and Hebrew with the ease of a Lady Jane Grey. Japanese dentists use only the thumb and forefinger in pulling teeth, but are just as able to make the victim cry murder as the best modern steel gripping jaw wrenchers. Another dreadful engine of destruction is said to have been invented. It is a bomb filled with poisonous air, which causes the sudden death of everybody within 100 feet of the spot where it explodes. The seaport towns of England are growing at the expense of the inland towns, and the modern facilities for travelling have brought about a more general shifting of population than was customary in former years. Asses' ears are the latest bonnet ornaments in Paris. A leading Paris belle has just ap peared in a grey felt bonnet, adorned with a pair of real dried donkey's ears, which are stated to look charming, on her chapeau au Roi Midas. Mr. Ernest Hartley Coleridge has under- taken to prepare the biographical memoir of his grandfather, Samuel Taylor Coleridge, and for this purpose is now arranging family papers and letters which have not hitherto been pub- lished. Early one morning lately the carcase of \a huge whale was discovered on the banks of the Severn. It measured 70 feet, and is estimated to weigh over 40 tons. It is supposed to be the largest that has been stranded on the English shore within living memory. The Times announces that the number of recuits who joined the regular army during 1884, amounted to about 36,000, or an increase of 3,000 over the number in the previous year. "We are," says The Times, "obtaining soldiers at an unexampled rate." An English hostess distributes refreshment tickets among her guests, to the dancing men blue ones entitling them to a champagne supper, but to the wallflowers pink ones, as a case of "no waltz no supper," allowing them only lemonade and a biscuit. Mr. Michael Davitt, who is now on the Con- tinent, is not happy, it would appear, on his travels; for at Rome the English community in the hotel would not sit down to dinner with him. After a strong representation from the landlord Mr. Davitt changed bis hostelry. The death was recently announced of the Earl of Dundonald, a Scotch representative peer and son of the famous admiral who dis- tinguished himself so much in the wars of independence of Chili, Peru, and Brazil. The successor to the title is a captain in the 2nd Life Guards. At one time the Finlanders and Laplanders drove a profitable trade by the sale of winds. After being paid they knotted three magical knots and told the buyer that when he untied the first he would have a good gale, when the second a strong wind, and when the third a severe tempest. There is an unpublished legend to the effect that on the one evening passed at Craigen- puttock by Emerson in 1833, Carlyle gave him a pipe, and, taking one himself, the two sat silent until midnight, and then parted, shaking hands with congratulations on the pleasant evening they had passed. An American paper reports the quickest courtship on record. A young lady, who was engaged to a prominent merchant at Macon, Georgia, received a letter postponing the wed- ding, which she showed to an old acquaintance, a train conductor, whose train was ready to leave. "If he is not ready, I am," said the conductor; "will you have me?" The answer was affirmative, and the conductor delayed his train till the marriage service was performed, which did not occupy five minutes." A novel proposition has just been made for the creation of a fund for the relief of the widows and children of press correspondents who fall in battle. It is to the effect that the press give notice that on a given day to be arranged the sum of one penny m addition to the ordinary price be charged for each news- paper, notice being printed in bold type to the effect that the extra penny is for the purpose of forming a widows' and family relief fund for press correspondents who fall in war. The suggestion has the merit of simplicity, and ought to assist materially in promoting the object in view. Prince Bismarck relates that one of his former valets begged him for a lease of an inn on his property at Varzin. "As soon as he became the tenant of the inn, which used to yield 2,000 marks, he betook himself in his capacity of my ex-valet to the study of politics. He subscribed to all kinds of newspapers and passed his time sitting in a large armchair reading them. When guests arrived he treated them insolently for disturbing him. He soon fell into disrepute as a surly landlord, and travellers took care not to enter the inn. He now earns scarcely enough to pay for his news- papers. As to myself I shall have to evict him, for he has long ceased to pay his rent." 