Rowing Notes. Bt Typhis. She result has provedfhat my anticipations with regard gflg; ,o the Nelson- cum-MatterBon sculling race were correct ; Hpf so -mnp. more I caa claim some credit for having put a few, |lfl at any rate, on die right track. Yes, Nelson won his race, |1B aid, I must say, in a manner somewhat more easily than gjaB I had calculated upon. Indeed, immediately before the fflfi start was made, what with the confident remarks uttered P to me by Mattereon'e supporters, and tlie liberal manner I ia which they backed np their opinion with coin of the f realm, I was almost persuaded to think I had made a I minfaAft. Just then a. friend of mine, who was already well acquainted with my views on the subject, came to me ] ;ind asked me what I thought of it now P ' How much have g yon at stake?' I inquired. 'A tenner on Nelson, 'he 1 replied. 'Well, then,' said I, ' go and put another Ion.' ' But they are laying 2 to 1 on ? ' ' But me no bnts,' said I, as I left him. But he did not follow toy advice. On _the contrary, he hedged all he had on, and came to me afterwards, calling himself all lrindsof hard names. This reminds me of an old Spanish proverb, most applicable to my friend, and which runs somewhat as fol lows:' There are people who refuse roast beef when they can get it, and afterwards sigh for the smell of the gravy.' Talking of heef, let us return to our muttons. Matr tereon was the first to show up, looking remarkably brown and fit; and although he appeared yery happy,he did hot cany that expression oi confidence which is always to be seen on his brother's countenance. A very few seconds later Nelson dashed up to the Inflexible, and his appearance ought to have satisfied any one that he was quite, if hot more than a match for 0. Matterson. The odds, however, that had been veering all round the betting compass, became suddenly fixed at 2 to 1 oh MattAson as they were getting into position for the race. The start was by mutual consort, and without any fiddling at the mark the tussel began. Unfortunately for Matterson, at the very first dip he missed his eftokey : which mishap gave Nelson an advantage, of half a length, which he increased as they came along, bo that . at Uhr's Point there was nearly half a length of daylight between them. The position of the men being rthus altered from what was generally expected, the odds, as a matter . of course changed too, and 3 to 2, and shortly after 2 to 1 were freely offered on Nelson, notwithstanding that some knowing ones averred' that Charlie was following out in structions, and would take the lead presently. For the first mile Nelson struck 37 to the minute, Matterson. a shade slower. After leaving the Point both felt the full brunt of the south-east wind which blew dead against them, raising an exaggerated ripple on the. waters. . This seemed to affeot Nelson in a less degree than it did his opponent, who once or twice had some little difficulty in keeping his shell straight. Nelson, on the other hand, seemed to have com plete control over his boat, and kept her fair iii the eye of the wind. Tbe mile was reached 'by Nelson in 6 minutes 40 seconds, two lengths in front of Matterson, and Putney in 10 minutes 15 seconds, with about the same distanoe between them. Off ? the gasworks Matterson revived the hopes of his friendB by putting In a few quick and telling strokes, and as tbe men had spread themselves over the river it was not ensy to determine which was leading. At Cabarita, though whfn the men closed in again it. was cleai that Nelson, although rowing to all appearances in a leisurely manner, was leading by some three lengths, and the result of the race was no longer in doubt. Gladesville was readied by Nelson in , ,17 minutes 38 seconds, and ihe Brothers in 28 minutes 34 seconds, three or four lengths in front of Matterson— not a bad performance, as although the tido was with them it did not compensate for the strong wind against the scullers. The match was for £200. Although C. Matterson was beaten last Saturday he ?showed unmistakable signs ot becoming, with due care and attention, a first-class sculler. It must be remembered that he is but 19 years of age and that he rowed against a man some six or seven years his senior. He has competed several times in' regjattas on the Clarence with great sue ;i cess, but Saturday's venture was his first appearance in a match rape on the Parramatta River, which fact alone iB sufficient to affect older scullers than he and put them off a little at what is perhaps the most critical time of a race, the start. C. Matterson is a tall, I j well-shaped youth, weighing about lOst. 81b., and dis gjj | plays great strength about the loins; He takes after his I brother very much in his style of rowing^ thoughhe lacks the of Neil; His worst fault is that he does not clear the water in his recovery, which must to a great degree impede bis progress ; but this habit- will gradually dis appear with practice, and when he has learned to row his boat ona perfectl v evenkeel. He is one of seven boys, all of whom have like ducks taken to water at a very early age, and «b they all have a prediction for rowing we are likely to hear of the Matterson family for many years to Wane, for when one Is downthere 'will be another ready to come on in his place. The boat he used was built by Donnelly, Sullivan, and Fem. Christian Nelson made his first appearance in public at .the Coal Lumpers' Picnic, oh 14th October, 1684, when he took seoond prize, £3, in a race in light skiffs ; W. Love, who was first, winning £10. January 14, 1885, at the 'Wharf Labourers1 Picnic, won first prize, atrophy, valued : ' at 10 guineas, presented t|y Mr. J. Deeble. The race was i ' rowed in 'watermen's skiffs, W..Love taking third prise. | ? ! ; Same day, started in a light skiff race, but broke one scull at the firat stroke. He obtained A fresh st ull, and, after a I hard race, came in second to W.Love. Anniversary Re Ijjatta, 1885, beat M'Clerken and Plunket in waterman's 3m£ts. February 14, won his heat in the race for the Kirby ' Trophy, carrying 301b., but was disqualified. With Ives 'fes a portner, won k doable sculls raoe for a prize of £10. A]BUl4, becAW. Hams, in light skiffs, in a match for £20 a side, over the champion oourse. May 23, again beat W. HaitiB in a match in light skiffs over the same \- -«oume, ihe stake on this occasion bang increased to j $ -£50 a-side. July 11, beaten by* Harrington, of ftj New Zealand, in heavy skiffa, in a match for Is j; £60 a side over the championship course. July 25, beat 1 MClerken, £100 aade, inliglit skiffs, over thechampionship oourse. 'September 18, beat Backhouse, of Bega, £100 j - a -ode in wagerboats, championship course. October 13, at 8 j| Coal Lumpers' Picnic, held at ChOwderBay, came insecond ! 6 | 5n the All-Comers' Race inlight skiffs. The first prize, a j ? ten guinea trophy presented by Mr.J. Deeble, Was won by Mi. ? M'Glerken. November 21, Moipeth Regatta, rowed second SSif to P. Kemp in All-Comers' Handicap Outrigger Raoe. This CJif brings us to the raoe of last Saturday, on which occasion he n|L -rowed in a new boat built by J. Dodd,of M'Mahon's Point, |1C -which suited Nelson admirably. She measures as followB : Length, 30ft. 6in.: beam, 9|in. ; depth forward, 3|in. ; depth aft, 2Jin., and weighs 311b. At the commencement of his rowing career, Nelson had but few friends, -md was trained and generally looked after by Harry Wolf, but as fortune smiled repeatedly on him, so n proportion did friends and admirers gather round him. For tne Harrington raoe, Nelson was trained by R. Gas coign, under whose care he remained until his race of Saturday last. For. this event he placed himgoif in the hands of his friend, C. J nngenson, who has been fully : rewarded for his pains in bringing his charge so fit to the post. As the day approaches on which the sculling race between William Beach and Neil Matterson for the Championship of the World is to take place, so does the interest in con nection therewith increase. But a short while ago the pre vailing opinion was that Matterson had not a million to one show against Beach. Now, however, that we are on the eve of the encounter, the supporters of the youngster are beginning to muster in force, and openly aver that Neil is not to be snuffed out as easily as most persons imagine. At the time the first match was made between Beach and Hanlanthe prevailing opinion was that Beach had not a ghost of a chance. As the day of the race drew nigh, many were dissuaded from that, idea, and eventually a good number began to believe that after all there might bo some probability of the Australian lowering the colours of the erstwhile invincible Canadian, and backed him accordingly at the prevailing odds. Coming events are . supposed to cast their shadows before, and the change that has taken place in the minds of some ot the rowing public may on occasion, as on that of the Beach-Banian raoe, prognosticate a change in the holder of the championship of the world. That such a change must take place some day goes without saying, but that day, in my opinion, is yet far distant, and I feel just as certain to-day that Beach will win this race as 1 was that he would defeat the redoubtable Hanlan. Neil Matterson has had every care and attention paid to him with the view of bringing him out as fit as a man can be made. Tommy Kelly has spared no pains in training him, and Messrs. J. and T. Spencer and Mr. J. D. Young— than whom tbere are no better or more liberal sportsmen in this color y, nay in the world perhaps — have lavished time and money to any amount, in their desire to bring about as good a race for the championship as it is possible with the material on their hands. Of late fortune has not deigned to smile on their efforts, and should they not be_ more suc cessful in this venture than they have been with Clifford and C. Matterson they will take their defeat like good men j and true, and then 'dig down a bit' to find a man who j may do better for them. \- A rumour has been set afloat that Mr. W. G. Brett has openly stated his intention of leaving the army of amateur rowers and turning professional, and with that view had resigned his membership of the Mercantile Rowing Club. How the rumour got about it is not easy to find out, but it is satisfactory to know that there ia no foundation for it at all. I am informed that Mr. Brett intends competing at the next Anniversary regatta in the Senior fours and Laidley Sculls. It is also possible that he may have to up hold his aquatic reputation against one or two well-known amateurs who have been boasting that they can beat him at any time— the one in light skiffs, and the other in wager boats. Although Mr. Brett is a good deal on the wrong side of 30, still he will be a match for many much younger men for a year or two. The following is a table showing the rowing races for the championship of the world that have taken place since Trickett wait to England and defeated Sadler cat the Thames in 1876 : — 1876\. Trickett beat Sadler, England. 1877\. Trickett beat Rush, New South Wales. 1879\. Trickett beat Leycock, New South Wales. 1880\. Hanlan beat Trickett, England. 1881\. Hanlan beat Laycock, England. Hnnlnti ftant. Bnrii Knplimii 1882\. Hanlan beat Trickett, England. 1884\. Beach beat Hanlan, .New South Wales. 1885\. Beach beat Hanlan, New South Wales. I have purposely omitted the row on the Nepean in 1884 between Hanlan and Laycock, as 1 do not consider that was a bona fide match for the championship, though some papers have qubtedit as such. -The affair was arranged in a hurry, and both TTanlun and Laycock received money on condition they Towed together on that river. Laycock had not even time given hi™ to get into condition. 