Senteacod to Siberia. [From LondonSociety.~] 'Siberia? I have had five-and-twanty years in Siberia.' i So said myfeliow-pasaenger. We were on board a Petersburgand Hall steamer; we were passing down the Gulf of Finland, and tbe low fortifi cations of Cronstadt were growing more and more indistinct in tbe distance. We were sitting on deck, he and I, each with thefraternal pipe in his month, and were getting through' the preliminary stages of acquaint anceship-making. Passengers are few and farbetweenonthese liners, and1 one has to makethe most, one may of sach as the gods think well to send. Plainly, this smoking companion of. mine did not spring from tbe educated classes. His was not a refined face; though, BO far as the pock marks, with; which it was liberally tattooed, would i permit one to see, it was an intelligent; and not an unkindly one. He was unusually big and strongly built, and though in the downhill of life, would still have been an ugly opponent in a tussle. His dress, and personal appear ance generally, indicated the well-to-do man. Even to those who know some thing of Western Russia, * Siberia' has an awful and mysterious sound, and the experiences of . one who had spent a quarter of it century in the Czar's great prison-houBe must be worth tbe hearing. X proposed to myself to culti vate my big acquaintance. Had he, I asked, seen anything of convict life f He was of opinion that a man could not well live where he had lived without seeing something of it. Wat that life as dreadful as JgrigKali novel-writers represented it, and as English people generally supposed it to be I My fellow-passenger was no reader of novels, and bad been too long from home to know what English people generally thoughtj but he could tell me a thing or two thathadvoome tindw his notice, and I might Judge fob mysel£ v Nothing I assured him, would give me greater pleasure than to listen. 11 am a Lancashire man,' said my big friend, 'and I rose from the ranks. I began life much as other mill-hands do; but my head was set the right way on my shoulders, And I. got to be an overlooker. Five-and-twenty years ago, when the great English firm, whose operations extend over many parts of Russia, started a cotton mill : at Ekaterinburg, I was offered a post as manager. Ekaterinbuig is, as I dare say you know, on the Siberian side of the Ural Mountains, and in th^ heart of the government mining din, tricts. A man thinks twice before he transports himself and his family to such a place, but J had made up my mind to get on» and .this was a good chance to one in my position. ' I was not disappointed. I looked well after the mill, and it. prospered: We north-country operatives are a" thrifty folk, and like living in a plain way. I saved money; and as it was the policy of our firm to keep me in my post, and to give me a personal interest, in the undertaking, I was allowed to invest my few hundreds of roubles in , the milL ' ' These common-place particulars j about my own affairs can have veiy] little interest for you, sir, I only tell ! them because otherwise you would scarcely understand what has tolollow. ' One evening, late in trar short Russian summer, when the long days were fast drawing in, we were in our family sitting-room, I engaged with some of the mill accounts, and my wife with her sewing, when Lottie, Qur eldest daughter, rushed in, and, with-! out a word, fainted right away on the floor. 'Hus did not more frighten my wife and myself, than it surprised us, for Lottie was a sensible girl and had never given way toany hysterical fancies before. We knew that it must have taken a good deal to upset her in that] way, and as soon as we had contrived' to bring her round, }we made her tell us i what had been the matter. [ I j * It seemed that she had been alone in her room, when, turning suddenly towards the window, she became aware j of A face pressed closely against the glass ;and glaring 'jat her.; :What the face was like she was unable ,tq de scribe, but it appeared too: ugly l&d; horrible for a human being. If it could have been called that of a man or woman, she said, she should not have been so frightened. ' I went out and looked round tbe house. Nothing was to be seen. We knew Lottie to be a. sensible girl, but we are inclined to tliink that her fancy must have played her a trick for once. * After a time-my wife hiflfc tbe room to see about our supper. My wife (she .has been dead now for nine years) had as strong j^eryes as anyvwcynan as I ever knew-^nothing everr :h8feemed to knockLher off her balance. * Well|she came back in a minute or two, "and beckoned me to the door. She was calm enough, but I could see by her face that something was wrong; She would not say what she had to say before the girl for fear of frightening her again. So she whispered to me outside, *' Lottie must, have been right, there is something about.;- When I opened the door of the hlodoimj (the larder, that is) ' I heard something at the window. Whatever it jnay have been it took the alarm^ and<lid not let me see it-; but it has left its mark &n; Hie lattice.* V ; 'I followed her silently to the Jdodovoy. All was now ^qoiet there. I examined the Jbrtochk&\--m in Ttnag we call the little window of such a place. In summer Jamft jti^iglass casement was removed, and it was now only protected by a lattice of crossed strips of fir-wood." These strips were slightly bent, as if some one had tried to force them out, and thus to gain entrance. The fortochkn was about laige enough to have admitted, 1 the body of a man. < ' Nothing was to be seen by looking : oat; for though a reasonable amount : of twilight still remained, it was only ; Wou^b to iBhow things with any di stinctness in the open, and: I had sheltered the back of our house by planting a number of young fir-trees. I whispered to my wife that she should go back toLottie, and that I; i would stay where I was for a bit, and see whether the robber-if it was a robber-would oome again. It was scarcely to be called late, yet it was too late for any of our mill pebpleto be about, "ana they Were our only neighbours. Indeed, we jhad no near neighbours. My bouse, and one adjoining it (intended for another employe, but at that time unoccupied), stood partly between the high wooden fence which enclosed the mill; ithat is, their tacks opened intothe enclosure (thejgit^, sir we Wlii^lrtiilst their fronSlooked on a public thoroughfare. ThuB our back premises were strictly private after the gates to the mill had been closed ; and the person-if it was a person-vrho had to the windows ora8t fcimSetr to it in some improper manner. Now, however, all was still as could be. ' Down I sat, to watch, oloseby the door of the Madovoy. I chose a dark corner, and. O® {where, in the dask, it would have been a hard matter! to see, but I had a full view of the latfaoa I waited till my patience was beginning' to wear out;, and then fancied; that 1 heatdsome slight-sound outside under the/ortoehka. It was so slight that at ; firet I was not sure whether it might : not be merely fancy, but after a tittle pause I heard it again louder and more distinctly. I sat still as a mouse and ; kept a sharp look-out. , Slowly and gradually something praised itself before the opening. It iwas a head; but in the uncertain light I could not say whether it was a human head tjr ^hat of some brute creature. Whichever it might be, I could see ^enough of it to know that it was such ja wild, haggard; QttnearthlyJooking [thing as I had never lobked upon before. jA quantity of shaggy hair was hanging abdtftH, and its only futures to speak of seemed to be eyes. Eyes it had past all mistake. Never did I see anything like the way In .which^t glared at^our good provisions within. I have Seen what a famished wolf looks like, and I should hardly think* a finished wolf worth comparing with "that creature. , It was ravenous after what it saw, Up beside the -head came two bunches of long claws, which wrenched at the wopden lattice as if to tear it down. But thby were toci weak! " The strips ! held fast. And then the thing fell to ! with its teeth to'gnaw a way through. :j ' Whilst the creature was thus en-: gaged, I contrived to slip quietly from my dark corner by the door, and Catching up a big stick, went out at thefcafck of the house; I stole round as noiselessly as I could towards the window. There were, as I said, young1 fir trees on that side of the house, so that with a little care it was not diffi cult to approach the place unobserved. When I got to within a few yards, 1 saw that the man, for the creatare was a man-was still hard at work, trying to force a way in. rdropped my stick, and made a rush at him, and had him before he knew anything about it. He did aot give up quietly. He straggled hard-des ptaately I may say. But, bless you ! be d not the ghost of a chance with me. I am a tolerably strong man still, as men go, and I was ypunger then. I oould have undertaken three such as he and thought nothing of it. The poor wretch had no sort of condition about him-he was mere wlcin and bones-no muscle at all He was abthing but a walking anatomy, with a few rags by the way of covering and only a very few. - . V*AU j&at; he gained by his struggles a g°°d Braking, for I gave hini one that made eveiy tooth in his head chatter; and then I laid him flat on his backi . , ! ? * I had been long enough in the Jountty to gain some knowledge of Ross. I could uBeit pretty freely to «Ur mill people ; and I must own that for terms in which to blackguard a set *of lazy rascals, as most of those fellows are,_ Billingsgate isn't a patch on it. ^7 ,coald tna^e my prisoner under stand ma ' Now then, my Mend,' 'I aaid to him, /you needn't take Ihe trouble to show any more fight. You see it won't pay. So just get up, and march quietly off with me to the oitc/iastok*-the oucha&tok; being, as ypu perhaps know, equivalent to the police-station in Epglish. - ;/ But insteadf of getting 4inp, and do in|f as he was told, like a reasonable bang, the creature contrived to wriggle itself^pon its kneesand to hold npits in the name of the Virgin and all the Slants not to hand it over to the politzia.; It w^uld rather be tilled outright, and was ready to be beaten as much as I pleated. : ; c "My ragged friend,' I said" you are a queer chap! Why do you object to the police so stcpogly f fThe poor wretch made no direct wiswer, but pn^ reiterated his entrea ties that I*o<fe give him up. I began to Mvp udme suspicion of the im^lnclined to I think, T said, 'that you are neither more nor less than an escaped convict.' * Instead of attempting to deny it, J®!®1"/ Ngged met to pity Mm; as! _ ' Russian law Sisj terribly hard on those who in any way assist in or con Gay the escape of a convict. Of that I wafe aware. But tfiohgh I am a big fellow |o loric at, ^nd in some t things faQ m^own as welI ,^ aWy man, I ha?e always been a poor, soft-harted fool in others. .I was beginning to feel iownrightBorry for that poor devil it was not so much his prayers that: fetched me, as his looks. ' Well,' I said, 'suppose I don't give you dp, but let you go. What then ?' «Ho would alw^ ^taember5 ^je .with gratitude. He s would go on his way at once, and tlo no harm to my property. Hie was no thief. He had only entered this dvor-*~the »yard, to hide himself, butthat the right oT food hadoverootne him; he was famishing andhedarednotbeg. He had i&alked; how fer he copld not teU,perhap6 a versts,and tU- theway lie hadnot dared to afck'fbrfood, scarcely to speak to.* living soul. He was hisowtf M%e> perhaps a thousand versts further. If I could set himfree hewouldgoon at once. 'That was the substance of that fellow's answer. His appearance seemed to bear out his statements, niiii I was inclined to believe him. * It's sheer nonsense,' I said, ' for you to talk of setting off for. a walk of a thousands versts, if I let you go. You might as well talk of flying. You would only Ml by the roadside, you miserable scarecrow, and die in a ditch. I should be doing the kinder thing by you if I handed you over to the authorities. If I do let you go, I must give you something to eat fiiit / Come with me.' .. . The miserable .wretch hardly be lieved that I really meant to feed him, and would have run away had he dared. T took him into the empty house, of which I had the key, and fetched him as much food as I thought it safe for him to eat. 'So there I was with an escaped, convict on my hands. Had I been more prudent I should have reflected j that the fellow was most likely; a hardened scoundrel, qnite undeserving of pity, and that his gratitude would probably be shown either by robbing me, or, if he should happento fall into the hands of die police, by getting me into trouble to save his own worth less neck. I ought to have thought of these, things; but, as I said before, I I a|n:a softhearted wd^fbol, sadjisglected to do so. ' I kept .him in thatempty house for feeve^days; in fact, till.he 3iad so far recovered his strength as to be fit to go on. Nobody knew abouthim, not even the-members oftby own family, for if I was doing a foolish thing, I had sense enough to rtin as little risk over it as possible. Feodor Stepano vitch, for that my convict told me was bis name, enlightened me on some few points of his personal history.' His native village was, he said, in the government ofYladimer, and he had left it to get work in the town of Ivanova, where there are factories. Every man tries to make out a good case for himself, so I did not fed myself bound to place implicit reliance on Peodor's statement that he had never committed anything that could properly be called a crime. According ) to his showing the: isole source of his troubles had been a difference with an ouvadnUc-a police agent. I do not exactly remember the particulars, but, of course, there was a woman in the business; blows had passed, and the ativadnik had, by a false change, pro cured Feodoi's condemnation to Siberia for life. This, I say, was his story. . * Feodor told me that his -place of exile had been somewhere far up the country; and of the severities be had had to endure .and of the tyranny of officials he spoke bitterly.; After making, his escape, the privations and dangers be had undergone before reach ing Ekaterinburg, were such as I should not have believed from his words, had they not been verified by his appear ance. ' For a Russian, he appeared to me to be a not unintelligent fellow, and I pointed out to him -the difficulties- he would find in making' his way to Ivanova-a -distance of sot less than twelue hundred vetsts from Ekaterin burg, as the crow flies; and advised him, and he was UBed to mill-work, to stay and find employment where he was. I was weak enough to offer to help rhim, and Bee what could ' be done in the'way of getting a passport for him. , Biit thtefellow was bent on going forward. He was resolved, hesaid, to see his family again, and he was re solved to see Basis MakarofE This Makaroff was, I found, the owoadmk to whom Feodor attributed his troubles, and it seemed to me that his particular hankering to see this person meant a craving to have his revenge. I confess that when I had learnt this much, I felt no desire to detain my friend Feodor longer than was neoessaty. I was glad to give him something more decent?in the way of clothing than he had brought, and a trifle in money to help him on his way, and to be rid of him. / * I never expected to see him again, nor wished to do so ?, and I was some what startled when a few weeks later, among a gang of convicts which were being matched by a guard of soldiers lout of the town on tbeir way eastward, I recognised Stepauovitch. I was standing close by. when he passed, and was so much surprised to see him, that I somewhat imprudently, perhaps, spoke to bim by name, buV will yon believe it 1-the ungrateful dog Btared me in the face, and marched sullenly by without word or sign of recognition.: ' So much,' thought I, 'for gratitudeT 4 Some months later, when tfte»ext summer was getting well advanced, we had, one nigfat analarmof fire. Many of the newer mills at Ekatering ate of stone, bnt the main building of ours, being comparatively old, was of wood. It was a thing to blaze like a box.of matches. It was not, however, in the main building that thefire hadbroken out, but in sopaeshed connected with , the main building by arange of shopp ing. The last was stone4railt, but as 111 luck would have i^ covered with wooden shinges. wy«* v» IOHV1TO) | which selves . at a fire is enough tojari^^f ESngl^&s;& wild.^'Set then were] some feww^pTOally woirkedBpleRdidly andm#. way ihat ought to have made manyofthueewhose daily bread de pended on the existence of the mini ashamed of ftemsdves. . *';. , , 'What between the apathy, of those lasy scoundrels generally, and -want of water, it was soon plain thai; thefeheds which w^H» on.fire could notbe'saved, and that what we had 4o look to was the mill itself. The danger of the j main building was increasing every moment, for the fire was beginning to make its way along the shingled roof of which I spoke. * Icouldsee what' had to be dope those.shingles had to be stepped off. I had a ladder reared against the build ing, and called for volunteers to mount1 it. The height of that roof from the ground was considerable, and the fin, wasevery moment i getting more/and mote hold upon ii a:To «trip off the shingles would he a hard job; And-a hot one, and it is not to be denied, a lus one. Dot one of those cool blooded: rascals who bad; eaten ? oat; btiad for years would come forward. I stood at the foot of the' ladder, and tojp fcliem I was going up. myBelfc I offered . them twenty : . roubles-rfifty roubles-to any man who would help ; Brit it was of no use. ; Just when I was .about mounting alpne the ragged stranger-fellow whom I had before observed working so vigor ously came running up- fie bad been i busy/ in another place to know what _)j going on sooner.. That was scarcely I -a time for taking any particular notice of people's looks yet I had an impres sioa that he was not altogether a at^ngpittome. * He looked up-rto the roof. The delayofthose fewminutes had^ given a fearful advantage f jthe fire. ' There ihere^.'he-iialSfl-; saving this mill-so verv importantto you.' ' If it is burned, I am a beggar. Every kopeck I am worth is in it. j A hundred roubles if you will help me save it!'. * We can talk of the Teward afters wards,'he said, as he sprang past me, and up the ladder like a cat. 'I was following, too eagerly, per haps, to be careful, and I am a heavy man. >A round broke;- and down I came, with a knee so much twisted that I could scarcely stand. It was no longer in my power to climb to the roof. «But from where I propped myself against a wall, I could see that ragged fellow, who was up and doing enough for three or four ordinary men. , You should have seen how lie sent the shingles rattling down. Seen from below; he seemed at times tobe working with fire all' round him, but he went on without minding it. I never saw an Englishman-let alone a Russian go to it with a better will* I; heard the people round me say that he worked more like a fiend thab a mortal man and so he did. He handled the burning wood as though his fingers had been iron instead of flesh and bone, and scarcely seemed to shrink from the flames that blazed up round hia face. He never appeared to rest, or stay his breath, till .he had succeeded in'cutting off communication between the fire and the mill. ' I made the men below set the ladder as handily as they could for him to get down, and he did bis best to teach it. But he, must have been quite use>d Up,* besides ^Jieiaigpretty much blinded and suffocated with.the smoke. Anyhow, he lost his footing and down he went through the rafters and crashed among the burning rub bish below. It was an ugly fall 'We/got hiqp out as well as we could ; and . such a scorched, -smoke blackened, smashed up copy of God's image I should never wish' to see again. But he was still alive, and to the proposal to carry him straight to the hospital I said,' No;take him in to my house.' So they took him in. After we had! got the . fire quite under, and made all safe about the mil), I. limped to the side of the bed where they had laid the poor fellow. He had come round a bit by that time. 'He tried' to open. his eyes,. Outfit seemed to me that the fire and smoke had not left him much power of seeing with them. He spoke, however, more distinctly than might have been ex pected, and his, first question was whether tbe mill Was safe.;; fj. : I told him that owing to his pluck it was. I was suiprised to find thai he recognised my yoice^ arid still v more when he named my name. if You did not know,' hesasd--and, indeed it was not likely that any one should know such a crushed and shapeless mass of cinder as he was-' You do not know me Feodor Stepanovich. They caught me and brought me back. I, knew yon when you spoke to me in the street, but I dared not answer, lest: they should suspect you of having te friended me.1 have escaped from them, and am going home to see Ivan ova. I must see tny wlf^ fttid that VyiainMarakoffi' . 'HeJay a little and then added,' I am glad I was here to help yon to riight.1 am glad they did not take me again before I got here. I do not think that tiift politxia wiW take me I again.' < And they did notj for ho was dead [ within an hour of that time. of my.gfcory of & SibemtL , bo you happen to have a Ught handy; for, somehow, I have let my pipe out f And, bless me; my pipebowl is quite wet. I believe I'm crying. What au old ass I am!' y 