? THE DRAGON VOLANT, By the Authoe of 'The Familiar.' CHAPTEB XVII. j THE TENANT OF THE PALAQUIN, ! The Marquis called on me the next day. My ? late breakfast was still upon the table. He had come, he said, to ask a favour. An accident had happened to hia carriage in the crowd on leaving the ball, and he begged, if 1 were going into Paris, a seat in mine. I was poing in, and was extremely glad of iiis company. He came with me to my hotel ; we went up to my rooms. I was surprised to see a man seated in g chair, with his back towards us, reading a newspaper. He ro3a. It was the Count de St. Aiyre, hia gold spectacles on hia nose ; his black wig, in oily curls, lying close to his narrow Head, and snowing, h&e; carved ebony over a repulsive visage of boxwood. His black muffler had been pulled down. His right arm was in a sling. I don't know whether there was anything unusual in his countonance that day, or whether it was but the effect of prejudice arising from all I had heard in my mysterious interview in his park, but I thought his countenance was more strikingly forbidding than I had seen it before. 1 was not callous enough in the ways of sin to meet this man, injured at least in intent, thus suddenly without a momentary disturb ance. He smiled. 4 1 called, Monsieur Beckett, in the hope of finding you here,' he croaked, ' and I medi tated, I fear, taking a great liberty, but my friend the Marquis d'Harmonville, on whom I have some perhaps some claim, will perhaps give me the assistance I require so much.' ' With great pleasure,' said the Marquis, ' but not till after six o'clock. I must go this moment to a meeting of three or four people, whom I cannot disappoint, and 1 know, perfectly, we cannot break up earlier.' ' What am I to do ?' exclaimed the Count, ' an /?:? hour would have done it all. Was ever contre temps so unlucky P' 'I'll give you an hour, with pleasure,' said I. ' How very good of you, Monsieur, I hardly dare to hope it. The business for so gay and charming a man as Monsieur Beekett, is a little funeste. Pray read this note which reached me this morning.' It certainly was not cheerful. It was a note stating that the body of his, the Count's cousin, Monsieur de St. Amand, who had died at his house, the Chateau Clery, had been, in ac cordance with his written directions, sent for burial at Pere la Chaise, and, with the permis sion o£ the Count de St. Alyre, would roach his house (the Chateau de la Carque), at about ten o'clock on the night following, to be conveyed thence in a hearse, with any member of the family who might wish to attend the obsequies. ' I did not see the poor gentleman twice in my life,' said the Count, ' but this office, as he has no other kinsman, disagreeable as it is, I could scarcely decline, and so I want to attend at the office to have the book signed, and the order entered. But here is another misery. By ill luck, I have sprained my thumb, and can't sign my name for a week to come. However, one name answers as well as another. Yours as well as mine. And as you are so good as to come with me, all will go right.' Away we drove. The Count gave me a memorandum of the Christian and surnames of the deceased, his age, tho complaint hs died of, and tho U3ual particulars ; also a note of the exact position in which a grave, tho dimensions of whioh were described, of tho ordinary simple kind, was to be dug between two vaults belonging to the family of St. Amend. Tho funeral, it waa stated, would arrive at half-past one o'clook a.m. (the next night but one) ; and he handed mo the money, with extra fees, fora burial by night. It was a good deal ; and I asked him, as he entrusted tho wliolo affair to me in whose name 1 should take the receipt. 'Not in mine, my good friend. Thoy wanted me to become an executor, which I, yesterday, wrote to decline ; and I am informed that if tho receipt wore in my name it would constitute me an executor in the eye of tho law, and fix mo in that position. Take it, pray, if you have no objection, in your own narue.' This accordingly, I did. ' You will see, by-and-by, why I am obliged to mention all these particulars.' The Count, meanwhile, was leaning back in the carriage, with his black silk muffler up to his nose, and his hat shading his eyes, while he dozed in his corner ; in which state I found him on my return. Pans had loat its charm for me. I hurried through the little business I had to do, longed once more for my quiet room in the Dragon Volant, the melancholy woods of the Chateau de 3a Carque, and the tumultuous and thrilling influence of proximity to the object of my wild but wioked romance. 1 was delayed some time by my stockbroker. I had a very large cum, as 1 told you, at my banker'?, uninvested. I caved very little for a few days' interest — very little for the entire sum, compared with the imago that oe° cupied my thought?, and beckoned me with a white arm, toward the dark, through the spreading lime trees and chestnuts of the Chateau de la Carque. But 1 had fixed this day to meet him, and was relieved when he told me that 1 had better let it lie in my banker's hands for a few days longer, as the funds would certainly fall immediately. This accident, too, was not without its immediate bearing on my subsequent adventures. When I reached the Dragon Volant, I found, in my sitting-room, a good deal to my chagrin, my two guests, whom I had quite forgotten. I inwardly cursed my own stupidity for haAring embarrassed myselr with tneir agreeable society. It could not be helped now, however, and a word to the waiters put all things in train for dinner. Tom Whistle wick was in great force ; and he commenced almost immediately with a very odd story. He told me that not only Versailles, but all Paris was in a ferment, in consequence of a revolting, and all but sacrilegious, practical joke, played off on the night before. The pagoda, as he persisted in calling the palanquin, had been left standing on the spot where we last saw it. Neither conjuror, or usher, nor bearers had ever returned. When the ball closed, and the company at length retired, tho servants who attended to put out the lights and secure the doors found it still there. It was determined, however, to let ifc stand where it was until next morning, by which time, it was conjectured, its owners would send messengers to remove it. None arrived. Tho servants were then ordered to take it away ; and its extraordinary weight, for the first time, reminded them of its forgotten human occupant. Its door was forced ; and, judge what was their disgust, when they discovered, not a living man, but a corpse ! Three or four days must have passed since the death of the burly man in the Chinese tunic and painted cap. Some people thought it was a trick designed to insult the Allies, in whose honour the ball was got up. Others were of opinion that it was nothing worse than a daring and cynical jocularity which, shocking as it was, might yet be forgiven to the high spirits and irrepressible buffoonery of youth. Others, again, fewer in number, and mystically given, in sisted that the corpse was bona fide necessary to the exhibition, and that the disclosures and allusions which had astonished so many people were distinctly due io necromancy. ' The matter, however, is in the hands of the police,' observed Monsieur Carmaignac, 'and we are not the body we were two or three months ago, if the offenders against propriety and pub lic feeling are not traced, and convicted, unless, indeed, they have been a great deal more cunning than such fools generally are.' I was thinking within myself how utterly inexplicable was my colloquy with the conjuror, so cavalierly dismissed by Monsieur Carmaignac as a ' fool ' ; and the more I thought the more marvellous it seemed. ' It certainly was an original joke, though not a very clear one,' said Whistlewick. ' Not even original,' said Oarmaignac. ' Very nearly the same thing was done, a hundred years ago or more, at a state ball in Paris ; ana the rascals who played the trick wore nevor found out.' In this Monsieur Carmaignac, as 1 afterwards discovered, spoke truly ; for, among my books of French anecdote and memoirs, the very incident is marked, by my own hand. While we were thus talking, the waiter told us that dinner was served; and we withdrew accordingly ; my guests more than making amends for my comparative taciturnity. CHAPTER XVIII. TJTE CHUBCHTAKD. Our dinner was really good, so were the wines ; better, perhaps, at this out-ot-tbo way inn, than at some of the more pretentious hotels in Paris. The moral effect of a really good dinner is immense — we all felt it. The serenity and good nature that follow arc more solid and comfort able than the tumultuous benevolences of Bacchus. My friends were happy, therefore, and very chatty ; which latter relieved me of tho trouble of talking, and prompted them to entertain mo and one mother incessantly with agreeable stories and conversation, of which, until sud denly a cubje_ct emerged, which interested me powerfully, 1 confess, do much were my thoughts engaged elsewhere, I heard nexfc to nothing. ' Yes,' naid Carmaignac, continuing e, conver sation which had escaped me, ' there was another case, beside that Russian nobleman, odder still. I remembered it this morning, but cannot recall tho name. He was a tenant of the very same room. By-the-by, Monsieur, might it not be as well,' he added turning to me, with a laugh, half joke whole earnest, as they say, i if you were to get into another apartment, now that the house is no longer crowded? that is if you mean to make any stay here.' ' A thousand thanks ! no. I'm thinking of changing my hotel ; and I can run into town so easily at night ; and though I stay here, for this night, at least, I don't expect to vanish like those others. But you say there is another adventure, of the same kind, connected with the same room. Do let us hear ifc. But take some wine first.' The story he told was ourious. ' It happened,' said Carmaignao, ' as well as I recollect, before either ol the other capes. A French gentleman — I wish I could remember his name — the 3on of a merchant, canio to this inn (the Dragon Volant), and was put by tho landlord into the same room of which wo haAro been speaking. Your apartment, Monsieur. He was by no means young — past forty — and very far from good looking. The people here said he was the ugliest man, and the most good natured, that ever lived. He played on the fiddle, sang, and wrote poetry. His habits were odd and desultory. He would sometimes sit all day in his room writing, singing, and fiddling, and go out at night for a walk. An eccentrio man ! He was by no means a millionaire, but he had a modicum bonum, you understand — a trifle more than half a million of francs. He con sulted his stock broker about investing this money in foreign stock?, and drew the entire sum from his banker. You now have the situa tion of affairs when the catastrophe occurred.' ' Pray fill your glass,' I said. 'Dutch courage, Monsieur, to face the catas trophe !' said Whistlewick filling his own. ' Now, that was the last that ever wa3 heard of his money,' resumed Carmaignac. ' You shall hear about himpelf. The night after this financial operation, he was seized with a poetic frenzy : he sent for the then landlord of this house, and told him that he long meditated an epic, and meant to commence that night, and that he was on no account to bo disturbed until nine o'clock in the morning. He had two pairs of wax candles, a little cold aupper on a side table, his desk open, paper enough upon it to contain the entire Honriade, and a proportionate store of nens and ink. ' Seated at this desk he was seen by the waiter who brought him a cup of coffee at nine o'clock, at which time the intruder said he was writing fast enough to set fire to the paper — that was hia phrase ; ho did not look up, he appeared too much engrossed. But, when the waiter eamo back, half an hour after wards, the door was locked ; and the poet, from within, answered, that he must not be dis turbed. 'Away went the garcon ; and next; morning at nine o'clock knocked at his door, and receiving no answer, looked through the key- hole ; the lights were still burning, the window shutters were closed as ho had left them ; he renewed his knocking, knocked louder, no answer came. He reported this continued and alarming silence to the innkeeper, who, finding that his guest had not left his key in the lock, succeeded in finding another that opened it. The candles were just giving up the ghost in their sockets, but there was light enough to ascertaain that the tonant of the room was gone ! The bed had not been disturbed ; the window-shutter was barred. He must have let himself out, and, locking the door on the outside, put the key in his pocket, and so made his way out of the house. Here, how ever, was another difficulty, the Dragon Volant shut its doors and made all fast at twelve o'clock ; after that hour no one could leave the house, except by obtaining the key and letting himself out, and of necessity leaving the door unsecured, or else by collusion and aid of soino person in the house. 'Now it happened that, some time after the doors were secured, at about half-past twelve, a servant' who had not been apprised of his order to be left undisturbed, seeing a light shine through tho key-hole, knocked at the door to inquire whether the poet wanted anything. He was very little obliged to his disturber, and dismissed him with a renewed charge that he must not be interrupted again during the night. This incident established the fact that he was in the house after the doors had been locked and barred. The inn-keeper himself kept the keys, and swore that he found them hung on the wall above his head in his bed in their usual place in the morning ; and that nobody could have taken them away without awakening him. That was all wo could discover. The Count de St. Alyre, to whom this house belongs, was very active and much chagrined. But nothing was discovered.' ' And nothing heard since of the epic poet P ' I asked. 'Nothing — not tho slightest clue — ho never turned up again. I suppose he is dead ; if ho is not, he must have got into some devilish bad scrape, of which we have heard nothing, that compelled him to abscond with all tho secresy and expedition in hia power. All that we know for certain is that, having occupied tho room in which you sleep, he vanished, nobody evor knew how, and never was heard of since.' ' You have now mentioned three cases,' I said, ' and all from the same room.' ' Three. Ye;;, all equally unintelligible. When moil sire murdered, the great and im mediate dilliculty tho assassins encounter is how to conceal, the body. It is very hard to believe that three parsons thould have been con secutively murdered, iu tho saino room, and i their bodies so effectually disposed o£ that no trace of them was ever discovered.' ' From this we passed to other topics, and the i grave Monsieur Carmaignac amused us with a \ perfectly prodigious collection of scandalous ! I anecdote, which his opportunities in tho police ! i department had enabled him to accumulate. \ '? My guests happily had engagements in Paris, ; ! and loft me about ten. ! I went up to my room, and looked out upon j the grounds of the Chateau de la Carquo. The ; ] moonlight was broken by cloud.?, and the view : I of the park, in this desultory light, acquired a I melancholy and fantastic character. || The strange anecdotes recounted in tho room [| in which I stcod, by Monsieur Carmaignac, re- I turned vaguely upon my mind, drowning in sud» II den shadows the gaiety of the more frivolous ij stories with which he had followed them. I 1 looked round me on the room that lay in K ominous gloom, with an almost disagree- 8 able sensation. 1 took my pistols now with an undefined apprehension that they might be really needed before my return to-night. This feeling, be it understood, in no wise chilled my ardour. Never had my enthusiasm mounted higher. My adventure absorbed and carried me away ; but it added a strange and stern excitement to the expedition. I loitered for a time in my room. 1 had ascertained tho exact point at which the little churchyard lay. It was about a mile away. 1 did not wish to reach it earlier than necessary. I stole quietly out, and sauntered along the road to my left, and thence entered a narrower track, still to my left, which, skirting 1 the park wall, and describing a circui- ] toua route, all the way, under grand old trees, passes the ancient cemetery. That cemetery is embowered in trees, and occupies little more than half an acre of ground, to the left j of the road, interposing between ifc and the park 1 of the Chateau de la Carque . i Here, at this haunted spot, I paused and 1 listened. The place was utterly silent. A thick f cloud had darkened the moon, so that 1 could i distinguish little more than the outlines of near I objects, and that vaguely enough ; and some- j times, as it were, floating in black fog, the white surface of a tombstone emerged. Among the forms that met my eye against : the iron-grey of the horizon were 3ome of those !; shrubs or trees that grow like our junipers, some |.- six feet high, in form like a miniature poplar, \\) with the darker foliago of the yew. I do :?? not know the name of the plant, but I ; : have ofton seen it in such funereal places. 1 1 Knowing that I was a little too early, I sat down upon the edge of a tombstone to wait, a?, '?? for aught 1 knew, the beautiful Countess might ; have wise reasons for not caring that I should j enter the grounds of the chateau earlier than I she had appointed. In the listless state induced |; by waiting, 1 sat there, with my eyes on the | object straight before me, which chanced to be p the faint black outline I have described. It j; was right before me, about half-a-dozen steps away. i The moon now began to escape from under the skirt of the cloud that hid her face for so long ; and, as the li^ht gradually improved, the tree on which 1 had been lazily staring began to take a new shape. It was no longer a tree, but a man standing motionless. Brighter and brighter grew the moonlight and clearer and clearer tho imago became, and at last stood out perfectly distinctly. It was Colonel Gaillarde. Luckily, he was not looking toward me. I could only see him in profile ; but there was no mistaking the white moustache, the fareucho visage, and the gaunt six-foot stature. There he was, his shoulder toward me, listening and watching, plainly, for some signal or person ex pected, straight in front of him. If he were, by chance, to turn his eyes in my direction, 1 knew that I must reckon upon an instantaneous renewal of the combat only com menced in the hall of the Belle Etoile. In any case, could malignant fortune have posted at this j place and hour a more dangerous watcher ? What ecstasy to him, by a single discovery, to hit me so hard, and blast the Countess de St. Alyre, whom he sQemed to hate. He raised his arm ; he whistled softly ; I heard an answering whistle as low ; and, to my relief, the Colonel advanced in tho direction of this sound, widening the distance between us at every step ; and immediately I heard talking, but in a low and cautious key. I recognized, I thought, even so, the peculiar voice of Gaillarde. I stole softly forward in the direction in which f those sounds were audible. In doing so I had, f of course, to use the extromest caution. j 1 thought I saw a hat above a jagged piece of I ruined wall, and then a second — yes, I saw two ! hats conversing ; the voices came from under ! them. They moved off, not in tho direction of \ the park, but of the road, and I lay along the i grass, peeping over a grave, as a skirmisher might, observing the enemy. One after the other, the figures emerged ful into view as they mounted the stile at the roadside. The Colonel, who was last, stood on the wall for awhile, looking about him, and then jumped down on the road. I heard their steps and talk as they moved away together, with their backs toward me, in the direction which led them farther and farther from tho Dragon Volant. I waited until these sounds wore quite lost in distance before 1 entered the park. I fol lowed tho instructions I had received from the Countess de St. Alyre, and made my way among brushwood and thickets to the point nearest the ruinous temple, and crossed the short interven ing space of open ground rapidly. I was once more under the gigantic boughs of the old lime and chestnut, trees ; softly, and with a heart throbbing fast, I approached tho little structure, The moon was now shining steadily, pouring down its radiance on the soft foliage, and hero and there mottling the verdure under my feet. 1 reached the stops ; I was among its worn inarblo shafts. Sho was not there, nor iu tho inner sanctuary, the arched windows of which were screened almost entirely by masses of ivy. The lady had not yet arrived. (To bo continued.) 