CUABXEBtf Towers attnnal race meeting com menced on Thursday, bat at time of writing only- the first day's results are to hand. The Sires' Produce Stakes resulted in a win for Fasten ; Jeannette second, and H&ffed; third ; the mile ns covered in 1 '5& Old Talleyrand proved that be has atill eome go in him by winning the novel Race from Hoscy and Scratchgravel, in l*533-5tbs. The Mdlchester H»ndjr^r was a complete boil-over for the tapsters, as Mr. J. D. O'Leary's gelding Speculation (by Blair Athol — Slyboots), with 8sL 5Ibs. on his back, tod from My Love (9st. 2Ibs.) and EMnore -9st. lOlbs.), in S'44 l-5th. It is probable Ben Bolt did not start. The Ladies' Bracelet, as was generally expected* was an easy win for Medusa, who carried her I2st 'lbs. and finished in front of bcuu UOst. 121b&.) and H&rkaway; \9st. 4lbs.), in 1*51 3-5th&\- E&nore; was sadtUed up again for the Miners' Parse, and, with 10 stone up, romped home in front of My Lave (Sat. Gibs.) an. I Rosey {Get. lllbs.}, in the capital time of 1*47. The District Plate went to Newmarket, Scud fHW^fn^j ftnfl Fantan third ; time, 2.23. At * meeting of the Peak Don us Turf Club Committee, held during the week, Mr. W. Bacon was elected Secretary at a salary of ?f^fl per 'tutt*11 and 5 per cent, commission on ifB^Txirtifwi and coHtntyytianB. The local paper speaks in high terms of Mr. Bacon's A'*lifi'r^''*p. and I trust his appointment will be of substantial benefit to the dub. Me Chester Master, the Hon. Secretary of the Rtsray Racing Cinb, has called a general meeting of. 4he members of his Club for Wed nesday evening next, at Mr. Morris HarriB' On Stanley- On. Hotel, for the consideration of baauwn' of. importance. la &U; probability the conatdflcataoii of the Christmas pro gramme ii f'''g the **'''**q* to be brought fomxd, and I am glad to aee the Secretary tftiWiimily frkf^g action in the matter. Ob the 16th and 17& instant the Belyando Picnic y**T Chib heM its »thiwO meeting, at I*narfc-. The following particnlan of the racing, I eutmnariae from the P. D. Tcbyram :— The first event was the Hurdle Race, for which fire started. Crucible winning with Jackeroo second. Half-a-dozen put in an appearasce for the Hires' Produce Stakes, Mr. NevSJe Rolfe's gelding Playboy winning from Mr. Tindalefr Fidget, both youngsters being by Millionaire, rive ran for the Trial Stakes, Mr. W, Dennis' niareCrncible winning; Mr. North's Echo second. The Maiden Plate also bfooght fire to the post, and resulted in a win for Mr. H. Coldnam's TroOua Kaiser gaining aeoond place. Only two horses started for the Challenge Cup, which had to be won twice by the same horse. Last year Mr. M*Cormatk- Dukie won the ' first leg,' and this time the same horse again proved vie toriav,-Mr. J. C. Miiirhead'B Bussel being the runner up. Seven ran in the Hack Race, which was carried off by Mr. F. Bass1 mare Surprise, Mr. W. B. Nottmg's Otsar second. On the second day three ran in the Shorts, which resulted in a win for Mr. J. C. Muir head'i Bossel: Trains second. Haifa dozen &ported; silk in the Stockman's Horse, Mr. Nuttings Osar winning from Crucible. Five ran for the Jehn Stakes, the victor tnrntnff up in Mr. A. Kolfe's Sector, Mr. C. Holies ' (jipsy second. The Visitors* Pl^te was won by Mr. Norths Prodigal : Darfcie seeond. The All-aged Stakes Mr. Mnirbead'e Bussed secured from Mr. R. Tindale'e Menylegs and Mx. Riley's Rose, in that order, three ran in the Ladies' Mile, Mr. Rolfe's Kai^r defeat ing Echo and Possum. Mr. IV. B. Nutting's Cracker woo the Hurry .Scnrry from a bi^ field. The settling conclnded a verj- pleasant meeting. The programme for the Emerald Races, to be held on Friday, the 7th Angust, has been published daring the week. The list contains six events, the added money being distributed as follows :— Maiden Plate' of £7, fur uorses that hare never run for a prize : Publican's Purse (handicap) of £10, once round ; Emerald Handicap of £12, H mile ; Flying Handicap of £7, J mile ; Hack Race of £3 ; and Tooso lation Stakes of £ — . The Publican's Purse and Emerald Handicap are open to all comers, the other events beia^ restricted to horses owned within a radius of twentv-five miles of Emerald. The .Stewards are ? ? Messrs. Bryden, HoUer, Mason, Finn. Moff*t. and Kellaway. Hon. Secretary : Mr. IL Bradbury- Jodge: Mr. J. L Ad'aine. Trta surer : Mr. James Brvden. Starter : Mr. J. Nenle, Clerk of Scales: Mr. J. T. W. Brown. Clerk of Course: Mr. C. Ducne The new Q.T-C. rules uill be adhered to where practicable. All events are posttatry. There is a qualification fee of one guinea, and 10 per cent on the amonnt of the prize, which is scarcely so liberal as one wo-jM like to see. However. I hope the meeting will be as successful as its promoters \roalJ wiih. ** Oienbam's Montlily Turf Register -1 for July is to hand, and is replete with racing information for the past mouth. A special feature is an alphabetical lift of the nomina tions for the Guineas. Derbies, and Maribyr nong Plate, with their breeding, Ac, at tached. Bnndaberg races take place on Wednesday »qd Thnraday nexL On Saturday last the Victoria Racing Club held their anneal Winter Steeplechase Meeting, at Flemington, when there was a large attendance and good racing. The Maiden Hurdle Race brought fourteen to the post, and a close contest resulted in a win for iiippogrif f9at.) by a length and three- ? quarters from Sea Breeze {lOst. '21b.) and Duration (9st. 121b.), in 4-3. The winner is ? a three- rear -old colt by Aldinga out of | Hippona. The Maiden Steeplechase was an i easy win by ten lengths for Reticent (lOst 7lb) \ from Lady Ashton (list. 121b.) and Knlkyne | 1 1 1st. 1 ll-. I in 5*23. Ten went to the post in the I tirand Xutaonal Hurdle Race, and after a fine race The Agent (list, ttlbs.) won by three leugths from ^uardiish (10 at. SIbs.) and Cock Boat (9 St.). in 615. The Agent is an aged stallion by Slanderer out of a mare by Morice Dancer. The Grand National Steeple chase induced the tine tield of fourteen to ; start. A lot of falls took place during the race, Wymlet (10 st. 4 lbs.) winning at the i finish by five lengths from Sailor -9st. 10 lbs.) ' and Denmark (12 st. II lbs.), in 7-19* sees. ! Wymlet is a fonr-year-old gelding by King | Tom out of Ballet Girl, and is owned by Mr. j M. Loughlin. The Selling Hnrdle Race went to Student ; FUdiborough secood and Don- J caster third. Tbe Ghost -$et. G lbs. ) defeated Plansible (Sst. 10 lbs.), Bohemian (7 st. 31bs.), and thirteen others in the Flat K&ce;, after a good contest, in 1'4S£. The Gympie Turf Club announce that a spring race meeting will be held under their auspices on Wednesday and Thursday, the 9th and 10th September. The added money will amount to over £300. On Wednesday and Thursday, the 2nd and 3rd September, 'the Wild River Jockey Club bold their annual race meeting at Herberton. Following is a summary of the events ? — ? First Day: Maiden Plate of £50; Novel j Race of £30 ; Tinaroo Handicap of £75, j H mile ; Hack Race of £10 ; Flying Handicap of £30 : Stockman's Race for a ijqtddl*' ; and Merchants' Cup for a cop presented by Messrs. Benjamin. Second Day : Handicap Hnrdle Race of £40 ; Ladies' Bracelet; W.R.J.C. Handicap of £150^ 2 miles ; Welter Sweepstakes of £10 each and £20 from the dub ; Town Plate of £75, wj.*., 1£ mile ; and Forced Handicap of £20. Gene ral entry takes pliVf on the 24th August. An attempt is being made to resuscitate the Port Douglas Jockey Club. Should the effort meet with success a race meeting will probably be held in September. The following are the weightB and accept ances declared for the principal hrTT^'Tre to be run at Ravenswood on tbe 30th and 31st instant : — JOCKET CLCB HANDICAP. «t Ih.1 Et Ib. BeoBoifc .. .. 8 t Wetberoodale ..0 0 Atone* .. ..7 4 1 Soldier Bor .. 6 8 ftri „ .. 7 ol PCBUUXS PCBSE. Ben Bolt .. .. 6 12 1 Wetteraodak .. 7 1 Peri .. . 7 «| UriJJLE &ACE.; Stadiefat .. ., U & I Solder Boy ..9 0 Ostar .. ..10 i\ HoTBe owners must bear in *-v™^ thy-t- nomi nations for tbe Publicans' Parse and Jericho Handicap, to be ran at Jericho on the 24th and 25th August, close with the Hon. Secre tary, Mr. W . ReaL on Monday next, 27th instant, at 9.30 p.m. The Charters Towers ' privileges' fetched £632 2s. The time for the last Epsom Derby, won by Melton, was 2 mins 44 I -oth sees. ' Pegasus' writes in the Qurntdaiutrr :— At length a Middle Park Plate winner has broken the spell, and won the Derby. Since the institution of the creat two-year-old race, a good line for the Derby has usually been gathered from it, but up to this vear 'placed horses have done the best. Pretender, King craft, and Galopin. trfeo each finished tluni subsequently took the p-eat three- vear-old event of the year. The Derhr chu- rime has proved abnnst a reflex of the Middle Park PLite, tbe four plactd in that race furnishing tbe leading qnartette in rfae Derby. In the : rwo-yeaT- old race Melton was giving 71b. ro | hoth' Paradox and Xaintrailles. and meeting ! Royal Hampton on level terms. With the ei- j October la^t. this form was borne out to tbe letter, and the Kinpsclere colt has come on well since his rkW on the day after the Cesare witch. The eamt writer says : — I notice that Leon was ronnfn' in Mr. Jost's name at Mackav ; and in the Cousolation Stakes, the last race of the meeting, the betting was 9 to 4 on Leon. Petronel, however, came with a rush at the finish and won by hall a length. Melton's victory in tlie English Derby was transmitted from London to Xew York in three seconds, about the fastest time on record. Writing of the crack English two-vear-old. The Bard. ' Hipparion ' of the ^olonift. says : — 'The Bard, two years, by Petrarch out of Mti£-ialene. bv i-vrian- won his eighth race off j the reel at Newmarket Second Sprme meeting, j I ridden bv Archer, and giving awav weight to | everything. The value of the eight races he i won is £4, Si 10, and an unbeaten certificate.' | Gleeson. the jockey, unfortunately had his I leg broken at Charters Towers the other day, i when Mr. Anurev s colt ran him against a tree. Coronet has been backed to win £35,000 in the Melbourne Cup. The horse is going welL The Sontb Australian filly .Sandal won tbe Port Augusta Cup the other 'day. At the Clarence PJver J.C. meeting tbe other dav. Apa (bv Reosny out of Adele) won the Derliy and Club Handicap, the former race in 2\iti and the latter in 3'354. The ' betting ring ' lost £250,000 over the English Derby. At the Spring Meeting of the V.R.C. next year a special feature will be a Juvenile ' Stakes of £300, confined exclusively to two year-old geldings; weight. Set. 5 lbs.; dis tance, 6ve furlongs. The object of such a prize is evident. It is said the Prince of Wales won a large sum over Melton's Derby victory. It is also rumoured that His Royal Highness won £50,000 through backing Uoyal Hampton (whom he partly owns) for a place in tbe same race Lord Marcus Beresford has been appointed starter by the English Jockey Cinb, in place of Mr. MKJeonre, lately deceased. Mr. H. Custance, ex-jockey, has been appointed deputy -starter. CRICKET. Many of the matches played in England at the beginning of the present season wen spoiled by rain. Some of the principal cues ended as follows :— North r. South : Won by the South by nine wickets. Sussex r. Hamp shire : Won by Sitssex by an innings and 64 runs. Lancashire -r. Oxford University : Won by Lancashire by 50 runs. Yorkshire r. Kent : Won by Kent by eight wickets, owing principally to the splendid bowling of A. Hearne. Shaw's Eleven r. Lord Sheffield team : Drawn. Nottingham r. Surrey : Drawn. Surrey r. Middlesex ; Won bv Surrey by an innings and 64 rone. Cambridge University r. M.C.C.: Drawn ip favour of Cambridge. Cambridge University c. Yorkshire : Won by Yorkshire by nine wickets. Surrey v. Derbyshire : Won by Surrey by an innings and 72 runs ; W. U*. Read made 123, and Manrice Read 51. Gentlemen of England r. Oxford University : Drawn. M.C.C. v. Not tingham : Won by M.C.C. by an innings and 59 runs. Lancashire r. Kent : Won by Lan cashire by 42 runs. Gentlemen of Sooth r. Players of South : Won by Players by an innings and 20 runs j Jones 126 and Tester IOS for victors. By telegram it is said York shire defeated Nottingham easily. Tbe subject of «yn^™E an Australian team to England next year has already been mooted, and in all probability will be carried into effect. The longest stand ecer made in a first-class match was made on the 2nd of June in a match between the M-CC. and Yorkshire, when Barnes and Gtmn got together with the score at 72, and before 'they were parted the total had reached 330 runs, of which Gunn had contributed 203, by some of the most brilliant batting ever witnessed. Barnes (not oat) 140. The match was drawn, M.C.C. having three wickets down for 440 runs. The annnal cricket match between Eton and Harrow was concluded on the 13th instant. The. finish, of the mutch was very exciting. Harrow eventually won by three wickets. Last year tbe match between these schools ended in a draw. Losgssop. 