Tlie RelioboamGovernment. it was Behoboam, son of Solomon, who, when, he ascended the throne of Judah, and was asked to lfet bisd^^ said: K'My little finger shall be thicker than my Other's loins. And now, whereas my father did lade you with a heavy yoke, I will add to your yoke j my father hath dhastised you with whips, but I will \ chastise you with scorpions," ^ If the ghost of old Behoboam walks about the earth, it has taken up an indefinite leasehold of the ♦' earthly tabernacle" of Samuel Walker Griffith, the present Premier of Queensland. The spirit of Behoboam is the leading principle that animates the present Government. If there is one political manoeuvre the present Government has thoroughly studied and mastered, it is .the science of terrorism, ilt has reduced its followers to the most abject and pitiable political slavery. It forced dowii the throats of its servile supporters an objectionable Land Bill, by threatening that, unless it were passed, the con struction of public works would be retarded and no loan of 10 millions of pounds sterling would be floated. It destroyed their political independence at one stroke, by preparing, a schedule of political railways and public works to be tacked to the Loan Bill of 10 millions. Hon. Members were not aUowed to say which public works should be, and which should not be. They were to accept the whole Government design without amendment, or they would get none at all. They dared not call their little fingers their own. Billy Miles is still running on the bullying1 ticket. He came out with another force-trumps card at the ceremony of the opening of the Warwick-Emu Yale line to Killarney, the other day. His constituents wanted'badly to have the Government purchase the Canning Downs , estate and sell the same to agricultural settlers. Mind, I do not say that I am in favor of such a scheme j I only want to show the readers how Billy Miles stood with his constituents, how he seized up his position and how he brought a fresh wrench of the lever of political terrorism into play, in order to make himself solid with the voters. _ Francis Kates, his Parliamentary colleague, had told Miles that he had dug his political grave, so far as his constituents were concerned, by bis opposition to the resumption. Miles saw the position was not to be laughed at. So he put on the screw. Warwick is more hysterical over one particular political question than over all the rest. The people up there call this question the " Via jlecta "—or, in English, the " Straight l^aad." By this •' Straight Road," they mean a direct railway from TSTarwickto, Jpswi6h, in addition to the present roundabout route via Toowoomba. Billy Miles was cute enough to have this railway placed in the schedule of public works talked to the 10 millions Loan Bill. He now further prpmteedthfc that, before the close of the present Session, he^would lay before the Legislative Assembly the plans and specifications of the first section of thisStraight Boad." And then he put on the screw, to regain the favor he had lost by voting against the resump tion of Canning Downs. , ^ ' This is how Billy Miles .sppke to the Darling Downs electors The repurchase by the Govern^ ment of Canning Downs estate, wotdd be j>iit a poor compensation for the direct railway. ■ You cannot have both!" * 1 ^ v Do readers perceive the coercion? In effect, Billy Miles says to his; constituents:—" if you buck against me for voting against the purchase you desired, you shan't- have your direct railway to Ipswich; If you continue to love me, you shall have it." ' Even as the Government, coerced the Legislative Assembly to pass the Land Bill, by threatenings about the 10 millions Loan ; even as the Government forced . the House to swallow, its Loan Bill in one gulp; even so, is Billy Miles "working the oracle " of political terrorism with his Darling Downs con stituents. v ? ' Perhaps, "free and independentJ' voters are not so slavishly docile as muzzled Members of Parlia ment.; A Charters Towers correspondent writes:—"Dear Figabo,—We had an assembly on the Towers the other night, and I know the ladies will be quite j disappointed if I don't send you someaccount of it, as, I am told, when Figabo arrives, there is quite a rush on your local agent, whenever there is any mention made of our goldfield and its amusements, and, as you know, I am a devoted admirer of the gentler sex, and would not disappoint the ladies for worlds. I rise superior to the temptations of idle ness and a siesta, and will, instead of indulging myself in either, proceed to giv<3 you a short account of last Thursday night's assembly. Well, it was a most enjoyable affair; the gentlemen were rather in the majority, and, consequently, there were no wall flowers ; the music was, as usual, ^ood, and although the company was a small one, it was a very merry^ one. Some very nice dresses were worn, notably a blue broche, trimmed with coffee-colored lace ; a pink silk grenadine, on a Townsville visitor; a black satin, worn by a young lady who, alas! is [soon to leave us; a winsome little maiden was she I who wore the. green tarletan, and pink satin bodice; whilsti I yenture to assert, the slumbers of many a young1 gallant weire haunted that night by a vision o£ a fafr girlj in white satinj lace and pearls {eh, Walter?); very becoming-was "a costume of black and pink on a tall, fair young;lady; and there were many other charming toilettes, but amongst so much youth, grace, andbeauty, a |x&r; ba^eloi^ts|q^aiiP bewildered soj Fig., pity me. and let me off this lame with these few jottings, and, like the little boys say" at school, I'll write a good letter next time, sir." A concert and ball were given in the Mackay School of Arts, on the 14th instant, in aid of a fund for tlie acquirement of a cricket ground. The hall was well filled and the concert was fairly successful. The leading performers, were Misses Sorby, "Wheeler/ and Crane, and . Messrs.; Causer, Bernays, Jones, fWheeler, Temples, aind H. Lyman, most of whom, were encored. The two gentlemen last-mentioned, who, respectively, represented the Walkerston C.C. and the Young Australian C.C., were especially successful in pleasing the audience. The entertain ment ended with an original farce, written by a local author, named Pratt, a solicitor's clerk. Per haps, his legal bias made him unconsciously impart dryness to the piece ?. At any rate, the audience/ after vociferously yelling, "Author!" till he appeared; treated him to a trifle of "goose." A ball followed, dancing being maintained witK zest until two o'clock next morning. Cupid is often regarded as a nuisance, but the daring little imp fears ho Inspector of Nuisances in the world. A municipal officer at Soma, at Annie rate, is reported to have succumbed, to the arch pranks of the rosy archer. His speedy, marriage with his fair (not dusky) enslaver is confidently pre dicted. This is a Stiff trial for a widower, who fondly erected a marble headstone to his former helpmeet—'brunette of bewitching shade. Those pests of colonial townships, the tinkettlers, aire donning their war-paint and preparing for lively times. Bridegrooms should learn to arise in their might and scatter the long-eared pups from the sacred precints of new-found bliss. ; * # - * ■ The Rev, Father Hughes paid a visit >to Roma last ~ month. He is convalescent from, a revere attack of typhoid fever with which he was prostrated for a considerable time at Warwick. * # # Db. Bittleb, the late Speaker of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, and Chairman of the Tastnaniaii Board of Education, died suddenly «n Saturday week, at Hobart, Tasmania, of heart disease. 