The Bailiff's Scheme. By MRS. JSAEBIET LEWIS, AtJTHGE 01' «* T6gj J10JTBUS X33FZf THE BIVAIi CJOUSIHS/' 'TgECHOflSE OF SEGEB3C8,' ETC. CHAPTER TnfT.-^BpsH Pdrsotss Ei» lN^BSHGATIO»rS The afternoon, was drawing to a elose, and alreadj the lights were gleaming from the aliop windows, when. Hugh. Chandos entered the lower street of WilcheBter, and ironed wearily toward *Jb# Blue Boar tavern. JJe bad pondered deeply on, his lonely walk from Berwick Hall, and the determina tion he had there expressed, to search out ilie mystery of Jjis life and to find and clear the fair fame of his mother, had now Jjecoine the settled pmposa of his being. His face was yery calm, and his manner strangely quiet, neither tearing evidence of the tunrnlfc raging in his soul, when at last he crossed the lighted yard of the jtiti, entered the hostelry, and made his way up to hip own room. The chamber looked unusually pleasant and eojafortable. The curtains were drawn, and there was & bright fire in the grate, and lighted candles on the mantle shelf. A large chair 'wg§ drawn up to the fender, and a pair' of embroidered slippers were warm ing before it. The table was laid in the centra of the room for tea, and Martin Cross, HugVs faithful foster-brother, was adding a few last -touches of comfort to the apartment when the young artist entered. Hugh paused a moment at the door to remove his tat and overcoat, Martin hurry ing forward, tp assist him, and. exclaiming, with affectionate anxiety : 4 jfew pale you «re, Mr. Jiugh. ! And how tired you look ! I was just be ginning to fear that something had happened te you, you have been gone so long.* *% have had a day of adyenfrares, Martin,' replied the young master, crossing the floor and dropping wearily into the arm-chair. ' I have, lived years in this one day-!* 'And have you discovered anything, Mr. .Hugh.?' cried Mariin, eagerly, his/ honest iaee brightening. 'Otnly a clue, Martin, but one that I shall follow up/ declared the artist. * My mind js in a whirl as yet. I cannot think my own. thoughts clearly. J)o not question me now. you shall know all in gppd .tpne.' ? He laid his head back on the cushions and closed his eyes, sighing heavily. Martin regarded him anzsonsly, and. sat. flown at a little distance, fearing to disturb frfm, * I'm afraid you've walked too much, Mr. Hugh,' he said, after a. short silence. ' You Jppk alinosi -used up-* 'My fatigue is not that of the 'body, '^Martin,* said the artist, deproxwqf relieving las foster-brother's anxieties. *at ig of the |nind. We did right in coming-bo this place, Martin. TJ&tiL; now my life lias been ealm end uneventful. My real life dates from to- day. 1*11 tell you. tlie whole, atopy^per jhaps to-night. I shall need your- friendship and assistance, Martin, in the task that is before me.' 'You know that I would die^for you, Master Hugh !' cried Martin, warmly. ?* You need not fear to trust me.' ; 'I would trust you before all others, 'Martin, my true- souled friend i' cried Hugh, holding out his hand. ' And i£- prosperity ever comes jo me, you, jny foster-brother, shall share it.' Martin seized Hugh's prof erred . hand, wringing it warmly, and then brushed the sudden tears from his eyes. 'And now/ said Hugh, after a pause, * you may ring for sapper. I want to see the landlord^ again, jhavp gome questions toagkhjbtn.' ? ' ? . MaHw hastened to ring the bell. £h£ sumsipjis wjm spaedily answered by the landlord- himself, who came in Jolly and smiling ot aspect, as BBuaL *Tfftt j&ng; for sapper, J suppose, Mr. Chando3,' he #aM, ru$bisgr Ma hands to gether. 'I haws made *fee meal a hot dinner, seeing that you were not tere at the usual dinner-hour. 'Will this Arrangement suit you ?' * J^rfecliy,' sjsid Hugh* siaSing gravely. ?Be Heated, Mr. Xamb. I have a lew store inquiries tp make of you, in continuation of our conversjtMon pf last evejwiig.' * I shall be hap^ty to gjkm you asy infor mation, in iny poorer/ said. ^» landlord, ac cepting the chant Martin placed for him, 'Have ft oatur^ gift at tlietaMng line, Mr. Chandra. Ik (does xque good tottsexfty tongue in tlie way of tpeeofc* ?go aweeh the batter £*»»- Mx+ Xmob,' eaid Hngh, his smile -Jeep«a£ag. *lvjsh*o make some inquiries aboui ftgentieman of whom j^pn mote HhbJ evening ?43fcn-Severend 'Oh^y^mr,' saj&^e gowqy la^djord. *He never came back ftoni iie Gontiment, after lie ttobI afeptwftaH: tntoytj- Ijagft $!Bget l&fT;«nopfl. Bedie4;flt §entst ^hace obont the same tio» 4hatIiQi4^eet ^fect Qfrfever here. BeoplB ^are- jk&dk; W0& IncdBaget iookiho£sr*r£nm )m tofc^«wii»*a^e foyer on &m; An&m; iw josm** horn*. ©us.* 'A^Mr.P«me^aii«^r***8te3Bu^ ebiyinghardto prev^ei* toa eagernw* from becoming apparent. '' * £D» jpem. know wheie SftE IS !'* * 1 4^S -Sot, sfe, SUtea jpwy, J»« iByamed or dea^. fox aH I kuow^o lh« ooatrarV^ * Were there other children than- this d&oghter; ?' inquired the young artist. ' No, she was Mr. Deane's only child.' 'What was her name ?' ' Gertrude. She was as pretty as a pic tnre, sir,' said the landlord, retrospectively. * She would have made a fine study for your canvas, sir, in those' days. As I remember her, she was a sprightly f3ittle fairy, about twelve years old, with the blackest curls that ever grew on a human head, the blackest eyes that I ever saw, and cheeks like two pink roses. She used to go dancing along the streets, and singing like a bird, and they eay.'Mr. Deane used to be morti fied at her wild ways-^poor, motherless child !' Hugh's heart thrilled within him! He did not doubt that the landlord's remini scences referred to the childhood of his own mother. Rising abruptly, he walked to the win dow, parted the curtains, and looked out intently with, blurred eyes that saw nothing of the dimly lighted street below. ' How old-was she when she went away to the German school?' he asked in a low voice. The landlord did not heed the apparent pre-occupation of his guest. As he Lad said, he liked tp talk,, and he settled back in his chair quite -at his ease, as he answered : * Gertrude Dfi;ane was about twelve when her father sent her to the German school.' * And she never came back here after her father's death ?' 'Never, that I'&now; of. And there was no reason she should. Yon. see, Mr. Chandos, the Deanes were not natives of Wilchester. Mr. Deane was a clergyman, who had been settled at the north of England ; but his health had failed him, and a little fortune had come to him aft the same time, so he gave up his curacy and came to Wilcliester with his littledaughter — his wife was dead — and took lodgings on Upper-street, i never knew where he* came from. He was a proud sort of man, asad not healthy, so he made few friends here. Indeed, he liked to keep to himself butter than any man I ever saw,' and the landlord's tone was regretful. ' After he -isent Miss Gertrude to school he was more j?ilent than ever, staying at his lodgings and studying his books — he'd a lot of 'em — and; finally Lord Berwick engaged him as tutor to his sons. He went to live at Berwick Hill. Afterward Lord Paget took a fancy fto travel, and the earl sent him abroad with his tutor, Mr. Deane. He was absent between two and three years, and came back alone, and died within a week of reaching home. Didn't do Mia any good to travel, as I can see,' added the landlord, reflectively. ' Lord Berwick might as well have saved his money.' Hugh turned from the window, coming back to the fire with a grave and shadowed face. ' And this is all you know of the Deanes, Mr. Lamb ?' he said. ' All,' declared the landlord, regretfully. * And there is no one in Wilchester who an give me further information ?' 'No one — unless it is Mr. Hadd,' ex claimed the 'proprietor of the Bhie Boar, with some eagerness. ' Old Hadd — Skinflint Hadd, the Wilchester tenants call him — may be able to tell you something about the Deanes. I have heard that Mr. Deaneowed Hadd money that he had borrowed of him, and if that is true you may be sure that Hadd knows all about the Deanes. I know that; Mr. Deane used often to go to the bailiff's, house, and what should he go there for un-. less about money ? If you areat all inter ested about the Deanes, Mr. Chandos, I advise you to make inquiries of Mr. Hadd.' ' I am interested in the Deanes,' said Hugh, quietly, * and I am anxious to discover Miss Deane, if she be living. I will call upon Mr. Hadd this very evening. Who^is he, and where does he live ?' ' He iB Sir Archy Wilchester's bailifE^re plied Mr. Lamb, with an unconsciously wry face, *and he lives in the dull redbrick house between the village and the Towers, this side the little stone bridge.' 1 1 noticed fee house this morning,' said Hugh. 'I will go there as soon as I have eaten my dinner. I should like my meal at once, Mr. Lamb.' The gossip-loving landlord longed to in quire what interest his guest had in the nearly forgotten Deanes ; but the grave, dignified countenance of Hugh gave no en couragement to his curiosity, and he arose, brisk and smiling^.to order up the dinner. Hugh slowly paced the jloor until the repast was served, absorbed in his own thoughts. He ate - his dinner in a sort of ; maze, and when the meal was concluded'4 arose at once and .drew on his out-door garments. * I shall be back early, Martin,' he said, meeting his foster-bxotner's wistful gaze. 'And. when I do come, we will have a long and confidential talk together.* ' Let me go with you, Master Hugh ?' pleaded Martin, The artist shook h-in head smilingly, and hurried again into the street. The air was keen and chill, and the heavens -were bright with stars, which gleamed through the clear and frosty atmos phere like a forest of glittering jewels. Hugh walked on briskly, the blood tingling in his veins, and a warm glow permeating his whole system, , He turned into the upper street, and look curiously at the houses as he walked along. v * In one of these my mother lived in her childhood,' he ifcought, this last doubt in re gard to his parentage having been settled in bis own mind hours before. * Poor little Ger trude Dean,' he murmured yearningly. ' I wondqr 41 ehe lives »ow '. I wonder if she ever mourns for her lost son ! I wonder what she will say to me when we meet and know each other 1 ' There' 'were' tears in bis eyes as ho hurried' onward. The picture of gay little Ger trude Deane, as the landlord had described her, was already engraven upon Ms heart. The walk to the house of Mr. Hadd was soon accomplished; Hugh opened the gate and -walked up ike path to the door, noticing thai the drawing room was lighted. 'Mp. Had* is ftt feoxoe, then,' he thou^H GBercfQBbr mounting ihe steps and sounding ta^fepoeW. 'iixtfievQthat I anj o» %§ threshold of strange discoveries.* ,&«ere&t; apeedfly adsqtte^ Mm mtQ file aQuse^ and ushered him into the dmwaag tooo©, eayjn^, m answer to Ids inquiry, thai Mjr, Hadd was at dinner, but would boor eeeiiim. Hugh. Bat down to wait, bis heart quicken ing its pulsations, and a feeling «f uneasi ness beginning to creep over him. He had, however,' not -time td^grow~impa tient, when Mp. Hadd mode his appearance, bowing and smiling, the impersonation, of self-complacence and satisfaction. ' The servant said that you wishedito see me Mr.-^Mr. — ah — ' 'Chandos,' said Hugh, rising. ' Myname is Hugh Chandos. I am an artist, by pro fession, from London.' Mr* Hadd had been impressed by the 'noble bearing of his visitor, but hissananner grew colder at tl^is announcements Evi' dently he did not desire to waste histpoliiie ness on a mere artist: ' Ah ! Ati artist !' he exclaimed, his: tone lacking its previous respectful deference. 'A travelling artist, eh? At« you in the photograph line with a waggon, or are you simply soliciting orders for pictured ?' Mr. Hadd's tone became patronising, his manner lordly. Already ijie prospect of soon becoming master of Wilchester Towers was turning his head, and causing him to assume the airs which he deemed appro priate to his future position-^airs which quiet, well- bred Sir Archy looked upon, rightly enough, as vulgar -in the, extreme, Hugh's cheeks flushed. He threw back bis head haughtily, and looked at the bailiff with suddenly flashing eyes. 'You are mistaken, Mr. Sadd,' he gaidr ' I am not here to solicit your patronage. I came here only to inquire after a family in which I am greatly interesteril, and with which, I have been informed, yew, 'were ac-* quainted.' ' Oh !' exclaimed the bailiff. * Sit down, then, Mr. — ah ! Mr. Chandos. I shall be happy to afford you any information in my power.' As he spoke Hadd flung himself pom pously into a chair and began playing with his heavy watch seals, his keen gaze fixed upon our hero's face. Hugh sat down at a little distance. The bailiff's air of vulgar pomposity and patron age was annoying to him, and he entered upon his business at once, not caring to prolong his stay any longer than was neces sary. ' Seems to me I've seen you somewhere before, Mr. Chandos,' said the bailiff. ' At any rate, you resemble some one I have seen.' ' Pardon me for coming to ijie point of my visit without delay,' Mr. Hadd, 'said the artist, with quiet dignity. * I wish to make some inquiries concerning a Severend Mr. Deane, who was tutor at Berwick Hall— ' ' Better inquire at the Hall, Mr. Chandos,' interposed the bailiff. ' He was in Lord Berwick's employ for years.' - ' I have already made inquiries at the Hall,' responded Hugh, ' but I am no6 satis fied. I — I am a relative of the Deane's,' and his cheeks burned hotly. * Mr. Lamb, the proprietor of the Blue Boar, of whom I also made inquiries, advised ' me to come to you for further information, saying that he believed you had lent Mr. Deane money.' The bailiff brightened np a little, and began to evince some interest in his guest. ' The innkeeper is right,' he said ' I did lend Mr. Deane money. The fact is, Mr. Chandos, Mr. Deane had a great talent for anticipating his half- yearly income. He would buy books and indulge his extrava gant tastes to such -an extent that he was always poor and in debt, although he had some £300 a year some relative had left him. The property consisted of a farm up north somewhere, which he could not ; sell, and which he would not live on. He borrowed money of me, and I was always willing to lend to him, the secu Sity being good, and he being a reckless sort of man, willing to pay any sum for the accommodation. He owed, me money at his death; but I must Bay that his daughter acted very honourably, paying my demands to the last farthing.' 'I am especially interested in MissDeane,9 said Hugh. * Can you tell me what became of lier after her father's death ?' 1 The bailiff regarded his visitor narrowly. He was studying him closely, and secretly wishing that his son had ths air and manner of this unknown artist. 4 1 cannot tell what became of the daughter, nor where she is now, Mr. Chan dos,' he observed. * She went to school at [Freiburg on the Rhine — ' ' Freiburg on the Rhine ! * involuntarily repeated Hugh, his eyes shining. A definite clue was in his hands at last. The bailiff looked at him yet more keenly, and continued : ' ? * After her father's death, which occurred about the same time as Lord Paget Evre anond's,. I received a letter from Miss Deane, stating that she was about to return to Wil chester, and would pay her father's debt. I believe her letter was in reply to one of mine to her urging the payment^ I having under stood that her father was at the point of death. She mentioned the date of her re turn, and I went at the time appointed to meet her at the station.' ' She came here, -then,' eried Hugh, eagerly, ' after her father's -death ?' : 'Yes, she came, and I brought her to my house. Isettledthedebtwithb.er,andshethen desired to send a messenger to Berwick Hall to.- Lord Paget. Evremond. I replied by i telling her that Lord Paget lay dead in state at ibe Hall, and that he had been dead a : week. Imagine my consternation when she gave a frightful shriek and fell in aheap at my feet as unconscious as a stone ! I have always thought since then,' added the bailiff, * that Lord Berwick did not with draw liis son from the Continent any top soon. Whether ha had ever loved heir or not, Gertrude Deane loved him with, aH tfir bouI.' r ......; There was a choking sensation in Hugh's throat, and a mist -g wept before his eyes, as he said; . ?? - ? 'PoorTyoung thing! What did she doi then?' ? ' . ; 'She came out of one swoon to go into. another, and kepi up that eqaefc of r thing for ; an hour or'two,' said the- bailiff, in his hard, ; unBympatibasingtoni^, 'Aadtheca she got? up and insisted ? Q»- my^alangr ier to Ber-1 wick HalL I did so^ for I began to fear she -would die on my bands. Lord Berwick was] in his own chamber,, and saw no one. We ?were allowed to go isto the room where the dsaii young man was- tying i but at theJLoor MisB Deans waved me back, and -went in alone, As 4he door was open for an instant, Iaaw Lsordlioonaad 5hrwn%on4 standing1' ai ihe foot of the bier. Be looked tip and saw lier, and &en; the door was sosfe upon tfeem, and they wereiSlone together,* , Hugh's nerves seemed strung to their utmost' tension. A groan^ wiien ie with difficulty repressed, trembled on 1& wlate lips. This story — so completely giving the lie to\Lord Leonard's assertion that Ger trude Deane had neyer returned to Win chester (after her -father's deaths-he knew in bis soul to betihe true one. 'Go on I' he. said, huskily. 'Gertrude Deane\and3jord Leonard Evremond stood together by^the dead man's coffin. And then?? The. bailiff hesitated,, but, after a brief silence, he resumed his narrative. 'I stood in the corridor outside, but although the^voiees of the two were plainly to be heard,- I could not distinguish what either said. I fancied at times that the girl's voice waa wild and full of pleading, and now and tlien it broke into a wild wail that made my blood crawl. They stayed in there full two boors. At last the door opened and the girl came out — she was dressed in deep moraming for her father^ lopkiiig like a ghost la a black shroud. Her face was wild and wiite like marble, and her eyes were terrible vtoi look at. She put out her hand blind-like^and clutched my arm, and we walked awavtoeether. ajid the \asb I saw of Lord Leomard- he came to the door of the dead-room and looked after us, white-looking, andias 'proud And ugly as Lucifer.' . A low moan broke* from Hugh's lips. Despite his self -controVhe could not prevent that token of his agony. ' I brought the girl home, but she would not stay here. She left me- in the latest train that night, and where ehe went I neither know nor care/ said the bailiff, coolly. * I have always thought she might have committed suicide. Sb.e was aione in the world, utterly alone. I _have also thought that -she was crazy in love with Lord Pagefc. It would haire been a great thing for her to have married him, but he knew his value better than bo. throw himself away on his tutor's daughter. Lord Leonard called on me afterward, and' talked the mat ter over. He said he liad'vreason to believe that his brother had not acted rightly by GertrudeDeane,t]aat,iii.sho]'t,henad deceived her. I think the same, for all the way home from the Hall she sat like a stone in the waggon, and she spoke but once, and that was to mutter wildly something about ' Lost! lost ! Nothing ; but death is left to me !' ' Hugh's agitation hadSfoecome almost un controllable. . He felt that he could-isit no longer under that keen, dissecting gaze, and he tnoved abruptly back' into the shadow, saying hoarsely : ' I would give much, Mr. Hadd, for only a little more light on this subject; You can tell me nothing more ?' ' Nothing. I dare say the girl com mitted suicide. I have heard that she went to America, as an honest man's lawful wife. Lord Leonard it was, 1 think who told me so. And now I remem ber, Mr. — ah ! Mr. Chandos^— who you so much resemble. You are the very image of Lord Paget Evremond. Can this matter of Miss Deane's be a personal one ?' And the bailiff smiled disagreeably. 'Are you an unrecognised scion of the noble house of Berwick ; a son, perhaps, of pretty Gertrude Deane ?' ' Hugh's blood boiled in his veins. ' Permit me to thank you for. the infor mation you have given, me,' lie said, ' and to take my leave.' He bowed haughtily, arising and moving toward the door. At the threshold he encountered Jason Hadd. He halted a moment, the two recognising each other, and Hugh then took up his hat and hurried out into the night air, his soul convulsed ?within him and his brain seeming on fire. (to bb coirrimrED.) 