A STRANGE VOYAGE. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of "A Sea Queen," "The Lady Maud," "A Sailor's Sweetheart," "The Wreck of the Grosvenor," &c.; " In sea affairs nothing is impossible and nothing improbable."—LORD NELSON. CHAPTER VIII. 5IE. HORNBY IS UPSET. At the rate of five knots an hour it did not take the Silver Sea long to run out of sight of land. A good while Defore the sun stood low the sea line around us was unbroken by any other points than those of sails. There was a new moon overhead, a mere paring of mother-o'-pearl, and there was nothing else in the sky; it was juBt a concave of deep blue, and the sun as he went down it grew large and red, and his fiery spokes waned till his disappearance promised the vanishment of a clean crimson disk. But as the afternoon progressed the breeze freshened; the sea darkened under it, and the ripples as they curled took an edging of white tiut made a prism of the deep beneath the slanting lustre. It crept yet a point or so further into the east, which enabled CaDtain Pipes to brace in the yards a little; and the Silver Sea went along as quietly and swiftly as a flying gull, unrolling a gleaming riband behind ner. But all on a sudden—and it was past 0 o'clock, and I was waiting for the summons to go below and prepare myself for the dinner table—the jibboom of the ship slightly rose, and there was a gentle floating heave along the whole length of the vessel that seemed to pass like a kind of yearning through the very bowels of her; and then the jibboom sank, and then rose again. "A hint of the Atlantic swell, Mr. Bird," said £ to the chief mate, who had charge of the deck. "Yes," he replied. "It is not often that one finds the English Channel flat as a poad so far down." The swell was exceedingly lignt at first, scarcely perceptible indeed 4 but after a few -breathings it became more of a heave, and the swing of the ship over it, though trifling enough, was distinctly appreciable. " I wonder if I mean to be sick, Mr. Bird," said L "Nonsense, siri" he exclaimed encouragingly. "W^ll, I don't know. A six months' training won't help a man after fourteen or •fifteen years. This is just the movement to •try me, anyway—slow and deliberate." I was determined to test myself at once, not wishing to wait to make a fool of myself at the dinner table; because though I had not in the smallest degree set myself up for a nautical ;man on the strength of my early voyage, yet I could not but reflect that Mr. . Edwardsand, to a certain extent, liis daughter were disposed to think of me and treat me as one; andthere was perhaps a reasonable pride in my desire to support character that had been forced upon me. Accordingly I stepped right aft astern of the man at the wheel, where the motion of the ship was best to be felt—the swell was dead west, and took us fair on the starboard bow—and here I put my whole mind into the heaving, thinking of it and trying to fed it with all my might. Such of course is the best way to be sea-sick, the shortest cut into that affliction, but nothing came of it; not the least feeling of nausea troubled me. Mr.' Bird watched me with curiosity. "Well," said he, approaching and laughing; " how do you feel, sir ?" " As well as you, Mr. Bird—with an appetite unimpaired, which is a very excellent assurance, I replied, much in love with myself, for I had had considerable misgivings ; " if I can stand this I can stand worse." As I said this Mr, Edwards's head appeared in the companion. He and the others had been below since half-past 5 or thereabouts. I saw the stewaid at his elbow helping him up, and I advanced to give the old gentleman a hoist out of the hatchway. He grasped my hand and said, " Aubyn, the ship's rolling, by George." "There's a trifle of swell come along— very faint though," said I, noticing that he was rather yellow. "D'ye feel at all sick?" he asked, clinging to me and looking about him uneasiiy. " Not in the least," said I. "Then I do," he exclaimed. " Perhaps it'll pass off here. Will you shove a chair near the rail there—in case'.' I can't run, you know," he added with a hollo-.v lauali, the very ghost of his usual hearty explosions. I did as be requested and belaid him to sit down; then asked if be thought his daughter would like to come on deck, I should bo appy to conduct her. He shook his head h and waved his hand in token that he was not then very capable of speech. " Like a dear fellow, don't hang about me," said he ; so I left him and rejoined the mate. The heave was long, slow, and rhythmical, with a true deep-water touch in it, and the canvas would flatten in a bit as the ship leaned, whilst you heard the churning of foam forward when her forefoot took the gleaming slants. I talked with Mr. Bird about the vessel and her crew, and found him to be an extremely agreeable, well-spoken man, plain and straight in his remarks, and a person of experience in his profession. He told me he had had command for two years of a ship trading to the East Indies, but lost his berth in consequence of the insolvency of the firm the vessel belonged to, and for six months he had been kicking his heels ashore _ vainly seeking employment. He had a wife and children, and therefore the obligation of obtaining work lay very heavy upon him; and when he received an offer to go as chief mate of the Silver Sea he accepted the berth thankfully. " The long and short of it is, sir," said he, " there are too many captains and mates. Some of us are much litter for the forecastle, where men are wanted, than on the quarterdeck ; but we all wish to be bosses, and so scores of us are starving." Meanwhile as we conversed, walking up and down, I gazed occasionally at Mr. Edwards, who sat very still with his face turned towards the sea, and liis left hand grasping a belaying- pin that pierced the rail where he was. But presently sundry jerkings^of the elbow, accompanied by a bowing movement movement followed lonowea by oy_ convulsive convulsive recoils, recoils, warned me that the crisis was not far off; and troe enough in a few minutes the old fellow was exceeding ill. " It'll do him good," said Mr. Bird with a touch of compassion that your genuine siilor always feel for a nauseated fellow-creature. "It'll clear out his long shore swash, and thai should carry off his rheumatism." I went and stood near him—out of his sight, however—prepared to assist him should his gout prove a hindrance to his free and necessary posture making; but he managed very well; indeed you would not have suspected that he was afflicted with swellings and acute stiffness; he was out of his chair and overhanging the Tail, and had he been a sailor drawing a bucket of water over the side he could not have rolled about on his legs more elastically. After a little his throes passed, and he fell into his chair again with his handkerchief to his face. " Can I be of use to you, Air. Edwards I enquired, stepping ronnd. He withdrew his handkerchief and looked at me, and I started back, utterly amazed, and for the .moment, utterly alarmed. I hardly recognised him *, his face afjpeared to ha^-e shrunk to half his former size; his lius ba'l disappeared, and his mouth was a little cave, and his chin olose enough to his nose to serve as a portrait for a man of eighty. "Good heavens," cried I, much agitated by the extraordinary transformation that had been wrought in a few minutes. " What is the matter with you, Mr. Edwards?" " I have'loft my teef—they fell out when I was ficking," he mumbled ; and now that he opened his mouth I perceived that where a row of .glittering teeth had sparkled there was nothing to -be seen but gum, quite toothless gum. Yes; in his convulsions he had cast his pearls to the marine swine, he had hove them overboard, and his physiognomy had undergone an amazing and alarming change. "I have anover fet below," said he, producing a bunch of keys and picking out one of them; "they're in a cafe in ve yellow portmanteur in ve lower bunk. Will you kindly bring vem to me?" I took the keyB and hurried below, grateful for the errand," for my suppressed laughter came very near to exploding me. I entered his berth^ and found the yellow portmanteau and the box of teeth inside, but had to linger in order to exhaust my mirth. When I returned I found him recovering from another attack. By tliis time I had my gravity under command, and said, very soberly, " Here are your teeth, Mr. Edwards ; bat I shouldn't advise you to put them into your mouth uutil your nausea has abated, for it will be no joke to lose these too." He declined, mumbling that he felt better ; and then turning his head aside he deftly put the teeth into his_ mouth and looked at me once more with his face restored to its usual proportions. He dried his eyes and said, " I feel relieved. It's a great nuisance that I should have lost those teeth. If these go we must turn back. I never thought of such a thing happening when I asked you to put a chair for me here. I hate the fuss ot a basin," he added, pulling off his hat and wiping his face.- " However, I shall not imperil these. I'll extract them if I feel another attack .coming on. Kindly call to the steward, Aubyn, for a little brandy, will you ?" I did so. "1 am certainly relieved,"'he continued, "" mavbe this is the physic I have been wanting all along;" and he lay back in his chair, still very yellow, but apparently in no great suffering. The steward arrived with some brandy, and my friend helped himself to a caulker. " I shall not dine to-day," said he to the man. "Very well, sir." I now discovered that I had not heard the first dinner bell, and that the second would ring in about ten minutes; so, as Mr. Edwards said he'd rather be left alone, I dived below, where another hearty fit of laughter pretty well cleared out the merriment that was left in me. The breeze freshening with the decline of the sun was giving the ship a real sailing heel; and the speed of the swell coming at her^ combined with her own floating rush at the brows of the folds, rendered the motion of the vessel tolerably lively. The Ingleflelds' cabin was next to mine, and through the bulkhead I could hear noise enough to satisfy me that one or both of its inmates were ill. The sound, however,_ was muffled, and sometimes I thought it sounded more like an argument or even a quarrel than sea sickness. However, no time was allowed me to make sure, nor indeed was the matter of the least importance ; the second bell rang and I stepped forth. The cabin looked extremely cheerful. Both ables were laid for dinner, and the red lustre hat the setting sun filled the air with came •hrough the open skylight and shot a rosy brightness into glass and plate and mirror. The warm wind blew down and kept all the plants trembling. I was the first to put in an appearance, but Captain Pipes was not long after me; lie stepped forth from his cabin with his hair flashly brushed, and looking burnished with the oil upon it, and his face radiant with the polishing of a towel; he had likewise shipped a clean collar, and he wore a velvet waistcoat that was embellished with brass buttons, and a hair watchguard of the thickness of signal halliards. Next emerged little Hornby, and then the Ingleflelds' cabin door was opened, and the colonel protruding his head snouted, "Is dinner ready?" On being told that it was he came out, carefully closing the door behind him. Almost at the same moment Miss Edwards approached and said to the colonel, " Agnes has asked me to excuse her. She is lying down. The motion of the vessel has upset her. " A nice look out!" said the colonel in his loud voice ; " her mother's been fearfully ill too. But she's better cow, I am hapDy to say. Can I be of use to Agnes ?" " I think not," answered Miss Edwards ; " she believes she will not suffer much if she keeps quite still." Then looking around her, " Where is my father f" she asked. " On deck," I replied. " He will not join us. He, too, has been a little upset, but I left him very much better, and desirous of being alone. "Pray excuse me, I should like to see him," she exclaimed, and went to the companionladder. I noticed that Hornby made a staggering movement, as though to offer to hand her on deck; but he did no more than that, either for fear that his services would be declined or because he did not feel equal to much exertion. Captain Pipes was before me, but she wanted no help ; she danced up the ladder with her magnificent hair uncovered, and we stood waiting for her to return. "Is Edwards very sick, Mr. Aubyn?" asked Hornby. " He has been—very sick indeed," I answered. " It's a very unpleasant movement, Pines," said tne little fellow. " It's not a healthy roll, a fair honest plunging and all that sort of thing, don't yon know !" "Oh, you mustn't take any notice of it, sir," responded Pipes. " It's too trifling for the likes of you, Mr. Hornby, to think of." "My wife has been confoundedly ili," exclaimed the colonel; " hang me if I" think I ought to leave her. However, she can call out. May as well go and see my daughter whilst we're waiting," and he entered her berth. "I really think Air. Edwards should have shipped a stewardess," said L "It's impossible for us to attend upon the ladies in their berths, Mr. Hornby, glad as we should be to do so ; and if Miss lid wards should be sea sick who's to attend to her and her companion ?" "Site's not going to be seasick, Mr. Aubvn," exclaimed Pipes. " Besides nausea donVlast long. A stooardess would only be in the road, as 1 told Mr. Edwards. I'm not fond of 'em, they get spoilt by tips, and grow impudent, and there's no managing them. The last stooardess I was shipmate with, Mr. Hornby, was drunk, morning, noon, and uight. She twice set the vessel on fire, and stole a regular proper freight of wearing apparel out of the ladies' boxes." After a little Miss Edwards returned and said to me, " Papa prefers to be left alone. He is much better." And then throwing a alf-bashful look around slie exclaimed, •'Am I to be the only lady 7 : ' "Yes," cried the colonel, arriving just then. " Agnes is helpless and my wife's in bed, or next door to it." She looked concerned at this, but made no fuss about being the only lady, and sat down. My seat was next hers. Pipes took the chair at the head, and Hornby and the colonel faced me. This filled the table; but in spite of three of the party being away the other table was wanted, too ; for shortly after we had taken our places the chief mate—relieved by the second officer—came below for his dinner. I now discovered that in respect of attendance we were better off than I had supposed, for a smooth-faced German appeared on the scene and helped the steward to wait upon us. It was a real treat to watch old Pipes. The head of the table was his place by rights, though he did not look the sort of man to appropriate it in the face of his owner, or Mr. Edwards, if the programme had not arranged for him to be there. He was very nervous, wore a fixed smile and manoeuvred with his spoon, with many an askant peep round to see what the others did. Hornby said he did not want any soup, and declined it I thought with an air of suppressed irritability. Wc were all of us rather taciturn at the first start, just briefly expressing our regret that the others were not well enough to join us, whilst I could see the colonel pricking his ears for any sound in his wife's cabin. The table was well aft—abaft the mizzenmast—and the heave of the vessel was very perceptible.. The trays hanging from the upper deck swung steadily, bulkheads creaked^ and the soup in our plates showed the variableness of the ship's posture by its inclination. " What's the matter, Hornby ?" suddenly bawled the colonel in the little fellow's ear. " You don't seem up to the mark. Anything wrong ?" "Nothing, nothing. The excellent lunch I made has spoilt my appetite," answered Hornby. " Steward, a little brandy and water. Brandy's an excellent tonic. Miss Edwards," and he smiled upon her with a face that was slowly growing ashen. I saw how it was, and out of sympathy forbore to glance at hitn. But maybe in saying this 1 am assuming more kindness than i felt; for to tell the truth any share of attention he might have claimed from me I bestowed unreservedly on Miss Edwards. If the fascination of this girl was felt by me when the length of a ship's deck separated us, how would it_ be do you suppose, when we sat side' by side, so close that our elbows almost touched, and when the fragrance that clothed her as an atmosphere invested me? The motion of the ship had no more effect upon her. apparently, than upon Pipes. The eyes she turned cn me preserved their wonted fires ; the rich damass lay unpalled upon her cheeks; the breeze had caressed her hair when she ran on deck, and slighty disordered it, and methought she looked the more beautiful for the plown and tossed appearance of the tresses over her forehead. "How many voyages have you made," I asked her, " to account for your indifference to this motion ?" "I never was on the sea before, -except when crossing to France," she answered. " I am sure I cannot say why the movement does not affect me. Yet I certainly do not feel it." " Because you're a born sailor, Miss," said Pipes, looking at her with profound admiration. The way you jumped up that ladder satisfied my mind. There can be no sea 'twixt this and Agulhas that can trouble you." The compliment intended was immense, and she evidently enjoyed it. " Hornby, you should have tried the soup; it was really excellent," cried the colonel. " Did you engage the cook?" The little man answered " No," in a faint voice. ''I hope be understands curry," continued the colonel, talking as usual at the top of his voice, as though endeavouring to make himself heard by people fifty yards off. " And will you be having sausages down in your menoos, Hornby? It's an odd question," cried he, staring into the plate of beef the steward had put before bim; " but there's nothing I enjoy more for breakfast than pork sausages and bacon—good, fat, prime bacon, not the rashers you'd cut out from a Juan Fernandez boar. Steward, some mustard. Couldn't look at' such things at night, Captain Pipes, but in the morning a man can take liberties with his digestion." " There's worse eating than, sausages and bacon," said the skipper. Chatter of this kind was not conducive to Hornby's_ restoration. He turned his eyes— from which all lustre had fled—sideways on to the noisy and heedless colonel, and then pretended to eat from the plate before him; but he was fast succumbing; heroic as his efforts were, he could not stave off the crisis, though I believe he would have gone on battling for some time longer had it not been for Mrs. Inglefield. The colonel had scarcely silenced his tongue,'when a variety of dismal sounds broke out in his cabin; he threw down his knife and fork, listened a moment as if to make sure, and then crying out, "By George ! I thought I couldn't be mistaken !" ran to his wife's berth. As though bitten in the leg, Hornby sprang from his chair. He looked at Miss Edwards as if he would apologize for quitting the table, crammed his pocket handkerchief into his mouth, and bolted on deck. "It was the colonel's talk," I exclaimed, trying to look concerned ; but the image of the little flying .figure was too much for me, and I fell back laughing immoderately. " I am verv Uncharitable," said I, wiping my eyes, " out—but"—and off I started afresh. My outburst was the best thing that could have happened ; but for that, the hasty flight of Hornby, coupled with the sounds in Mrs. Inglefield's cabin, must I -think have dismissed Miss Edwards from the table, it it had not obliged me to retire also. But my mirth proved contagious. Miss Edwards laughed heartily, abandoning after a few moments her efforts to look grave ; and, seeing how the land lay, old Pipes tuned up his saw-like notes, so that by the time we" had recovered there was silence in the colonel's berth. Presently he emerged and resumed his place. "It turns out that it was my fault," said he, glaring round him for his plate, which the German under- steward had removed. " Mrs. Inglefield says that my conversation upset her. How the dickens, captain, could she hear me? Are your partitions there made of cardboard? Why, hang it," he roared, "one would suppose it was necessary to scream to make one's words bearable in my wife's berth. Hallo ! what's become of Hornby'!" "I fancy that your conversation upset him, too," said I. " Upset him ? why," cried he, " what the deuce was there in what I said to— ? tut! tut! he has no stomach. It's the motion of the ship that's done for him, not my conversation." He fell to his dinner again, eating like an ogre. There could be no doubt that he had doubled the Cape several times. If the proximity of my beautiful companion had disposed me to a some what sentimental mood, it was not easy to preserve that temper amidst this rushing in and out, the escape of Hornby, the shouts of the colonel, aud the muffled moans of his wife. The cooking was good, the dishes numerous and excellent, and the wines of a quality one would expect at the hands of so hospitable and generous a liver as Edwards. Still that first dinner aboard the Silver Sea was scarcely a success. It was all gobble—gobble—with the colonel, intermingled with frequent listening for fresh alarms from his wife's cabin ; Miss Edwards was clearly anxious for the meal to come to an end; the chief mate departed as he had entered without reference to us, and his place at the second table was taken by hairy Mr. Nicholas Semple; and Pipes talked and behaved as though he felt, now that Hornby was gone, he should not recover his ease and composure until he was on deck. We did not, therefore, prolong our sitting, and the red of the sunset was still in the sky when we rose. Airy and elegant as the cabin was, I was not sorry to quit it. Until you are seasoned to the movements of a vessel the smell of food, the straining sounds of fastenings, the murmurs of sufferers, are prone to fill the mind with misgivings. I had laughed at little Hornby so cruelly that I did not want the tables to be turned, and though I was not in the least degree sensible of nausea, I nevertheless stepped on deck with alacrity, and was not a little comforted to find myself there. s H rhi 