WITH WHICH IS INCORPORATED ESTABLISHED 1866. Published on Tuesday and Friday MAorningsY TUESDAY, MAY 5, 1885. NOTES ANeD EVENTS. A welcome change in the weather took place last evening about eight o'clock, when a steady rain began to descend, and continued until an early hour this morning. There is every appearance of the rain con tinuing for a few days at least, and in the northern parts of the Shire it is much needed, the pastures and vegatation being much scorched, and waterholes all but exhausted. A largely attended meeting of the De fence Committee was held on Saturday afternoon, the President of the Shire occupying the chair. It was decided that a sub- committee, consisting of Mr. Win. Robertson, M.P., Captain Haimes, and the Rev. J. B. Norton, wait upon the business people of Colac, and request them to grant their employds a weekly half-holiday for the purpose of drill. In accordance with that resolution the gentleman named waited upon the business people yesterday, and received in every instance a satisfac tory response to their request, the half holiday being arranged for Thursday afternoons. The meeting decided on the motion of Messrs. Thomas and Farrington, to communicate with the Railway Depart ment requesting that permission be granted to Mr. Gillard to leave his station at stated periods for the purpose of drilling the corps at Colac; and also that the department grant him an assistant at his station. The meeting at its rising ad journed until a reply to their communi cation had been received, when the secre tary was instructed to again call the committee together. Immediately after the meeting of the Defence Committee on Saturday afternoon, Mr. R. D. Gillard, the drill instructor. took twenty-one recruits in hand and put them through squad drill on the footpath in front of the Shire hall. The drill, which occupied nearly two hours, was gone through in a most encouraging manner. Members of the corps are requested to meet again for drill on Thursday afternoon at balf-past four o'clock in the Market Square, After the lapse of a few weeks boring operations at the Colac Railway station have been resumed, and up till last evening when the rods were drawn the bore had penetrated to a depth of 335 feet. The drill has just passed through a five-feet seam of lime stone, and is now in a sand stone drift, which is thickly impregnated with minute shells. There is indication of the presence of water, but not in sufficient quantity to supply the requirements of the department. The Colac Shire Council has at last been convinced of the necessity of obtaining suitable material for covering the footpaths in Colac, and the newly-formed walks in Murray-street west, extending from Messrs Paterson and Co.'s premises as far as the Brewers' Arms hotel, on both sides of the street, are to covered with a volcanic gravel, which is being obtained from Mount Pondon. The gravel is now being delivered at the railway station by Con tractor Owens, and it seems to be the proper material to give our footpaths hard ness combined with smoothness. The holiday season of the year is now well over, and in consequence the mail for Lorne and Deans Marsh, which has been a daily one, will henceforth leave Melbourne only three times a week --on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday. The mail will close at Melbourne at a quarter to 6 o'clock I each morning, and will arrive from Lorne and Deans Marsh ?p Melbouarne at 10.56 1 p.m., and be delivered 94 the following mworoWg. _ . A young lad named Pilkington, who is en raged collecting rabbits from the trappers it Pomborneit, while going his usual round yesterday morning, was severely assaulted and robbed by a Hindoo whom he had llowed to ride in his cart. The boy had about £12 in money onhim, with which he was to pay for the rabbits he received. The Hindoo, after beating the boy, robbed him, and then made off through the rises. The matter was reported yesterday morn ing to Sergeant Synnot, of Camperdonn, but up to the present time no trace of the robber has been found. Gold and coal mining operations are to be pursued with vigor in the Otway Ranges. Messrs. Palmer and Rouan have commenced to seek for the precious metal, and the coal miners (supplied with a Welsh drill and other tools) are (writes the Independent) to go up to the forest next week. Mr. Jos. Pickersgill is still travelling the colony for the purpose of gathering material for a comprehensive " Tourists' Guide." Mr. Pickersgill has been af forded every assistance by the Govern ment and the Railway Commissioners, and anticipates making a great success of a work that has long been a desideratum. Mr. Pickersgill has up to the present visited Gippsland, Wood's Point, Colac, and Lorne, and has now started for Bright. The expenses of the work is es timated at about £1600. Work at the diamond drill at Parlor Gully, near Winchelsea, is slowly pro gressing. Although the drill has pene trated to a depth of nearly 2000ft., the indications as to the existence of coal in the locality are about as slight as they were at the depth of 500 feet. At a meeting of the Medical Board held in Melbourne on Friday, Dr. Morrow handed in his diploma and had his name placed upon the register. Dr. Morrow is at present acting as assistant to Dr. Foster, of Colac. At the sitting of the Civil Service Com mission at the Education Department on Friday morning, Mrs. E. Camm, of the Colas State school (No. 117), appealed against being classified as a junior as sistant, and asked to be placed in sub-class 1 of Class V. The appellant stated that she had acted as first assistant in a Geelong school of 300 some years ago, but was com pelled to resign through ill-health. She subsequently held position as third and then second assistant of a school of 250 at Rutherglen, and was afterwards trans ferred to her present position. She held a certificate before the passing of the Civil Service Act entitling her to a position in the third class, and had a good record. The commissioners reserved their decision. The result of Staff-Officer Coles visit to Colac has, according to the War Cry of Saturday, been highly satisfactory, both spiritually and financially. The amount collected for army purposes was £10; and towards the fund for establishing a Home for fallen women, subscriptions to the amount of £4 8s. 6d. are acknowledged as under :-Mr. R. Coney, senr., £1 ls.; Messrs I'Cure and G. F. Turner, £1 each; Rev. E. King, Mrs. Parkes, and Mr. Prescott, 5s. each ; and Mr. Cairne, 2s. Gd. Mr. Thomas Shaw has intimated to the members of the Camperdown Rifle Club that, if the Government failed to supply the members with arms and ammunition in the event of their being required to de fend their country, that he would provide them with the munitions of war himself. The Governor-in-Council has revoked the proclamation of the 17th March last, so far as it relates to the township of Cressy being a special licensing district, and with the advice of the Executive Council, his Excellency Sir II. B. Loch makes the following proclamation !-An area of a quarter of a mile radius around the south-western corner of allotment 1ia, parish of Darnum, to be a district wherein publicans' licenses may be specially granted under the provisions of the 44th section of the said Act. A scratch match between the members of the Birregurra Football Club was played on Saturday last, between teams picked by Messrs P. E. Cahill and C. Reeves, and after a well contested game ended in a draw in favor of Cahill's team by 1 goal 10 behinds to 1 goal 4 behinds. Craig, A. Reeves, Cahill, Berry, E. Lambell, and Shanahan played well for the former, and Baum, C. Reeves, Pengilley, Wilson, and Gannon played well for the latter. A writer to the Herald commenting with enthusiasm upon the donations by the police to the patriotic fund, suggests that the Members of Parliament should each contribute one month's pay towards the movement. Mr. C. N. Armytage, of Queensland, has purchased (through Messrs Richard Gibson and Co.), from the Hon. W. M'Culloch, of Glenroy and Colac, the shorthorn bull calf Lord Penrhyn 3rd, calved 3rd October, 1883, gotby the Oxford sire Duke of Oxford 31st (33,713), dam Sophia, by Oxford Waterloo (35,002), at a highly satisfactory fimirnP. The martial spirit shown by a number of State school teachers at the present juncture is highly commendable. State school teachers from all parts of the colony have written (says the Age) to the Educa tion departrment inquiring whether they will be permitted to serve in the volunteer force, and what provisions would be made by them in the event of their being called upon to take the field. The 'Minister has directed teachers to be informed that they will be permitted to join the voluntear force, and that if called upon for active service their positions in the Education department will be kept for them. The question of compensating the widow and children of any teacher who may fall in battle has not yet been dealt with. A large amount of selection (says the Telegraph) has recently taken place at Fish Creek, in Gippsland, where during the last few months some ninety-five selectors from various parts of the colony have taken up holdings varying from 180 to 320 acres, comprising altogether about 5000 acres of excellent agricustiral and pastoral lands. The applications are all made under the old Land Act. Hearing of reasons against the forfeiture of Ernest Sell's holding of 3 acres, parish of Irrewillipe, will be heard by the Colae Land Board on the 10th May next. The application for lease of Robert Spittle for 100 acres, parish of Irrewillipe, lans been annroved. There will not be the slightest difficulty experienced in raising a volunteer reserve force of 10,000 men if the military spirit shown during the last few days prevails throughout the colony, and there is nothing to show that it does not bhrn as bright in remote country towns as in the military barracks of the metropolis. The Minister of Defence states that he is daily receiving offers from all parts of the colony to raise volunteer corps. The possibility of an enemy coming to our shores has (says the Af!c) apparentiy put the manhood of Vic toria on its mettle, and as the Government arc ready to do their part towards the defence of the colony against attack by the Ilussians, the men capable of hearing arms will also be prepared to do theirs. Mr. W. Allison, of the Canonhar station, near Nyngan, hlts offered to the New touth Wales Government (says the Tele graph) the services of a cavalry corps of fifty men. Of these he will furnish twenty-five men from one station in the west, on condition that the (Government provides them with a drill instructor. He himself is willing to find forage for the horses and food for the men, and will give twenty-five horses, or as many more as lie can muster. The men are all youlng. per feet riders, and good shots, lMr. Dalley a hms replied, thanking Mr. Allison for the offer, which he referred for report to the ommnuandant of the forces, The first day's racing of the South Aus. tralian Jockey Club was held at Fleming. ton on Saturday in the presence of a fair number of spectators. The opening event, the First Hurdle Race, was won by Sir Patrick, with Old Soul second, and Echo third. Silver King was greatly fancied for the St. Leger, but The Broker avenged his Sydney defeat. Sandal being the only other starter. The Goodwood Handicap fell to Lantern, who led nearly all the way and won without an effort, Lord Wilton second, and The Ghost third. Juanna, Remus, and The Teacher were the only three starters for the Sires' Pro. duce Stakes, and finished in that order; a pleasant day's racing being brought to a conclusion by Pyrette winning the Vic toria Handicap, attended by Meander and Honora. Statistical information has just been published by Mr. H. H. Hayter, the Government statist, respecting the esti. mated population of each of the colonies at the end of last year. Victoria at that time was estimated to be populated by 961,276 persons; New South Wales, 921,129; Queensland,309,600; South Aus tralia, 311,954; Western Australia, 32,958; Tasmania, 130,541; New Zealand, 564,301. As compared with the estimate made in 1883, an increase of population in each colony is shown as follows:-New South Wales, 51,819; Victoria, 29,486; New Zealand, 23,427; Queensland, 22,125; S'outh Australia, 7439; Tasmania, 4321; 'Vestern Australia, 1258. The grand total of the estimated population of the colonies ait the end of last year is 3,231,176 persons, a aid the total increase since the close of 1d83 is estimated at 139,875 persons. The Chief Commissioner of Police re. cently calledupon Superintendent Toohey, of Geelong, for a report as to the grounds upon which he instituted the recent pro ceedings against Mrs. Jane Beech and the roan Francis Charles Haworth, for the seurder of Francis Beech at Pettavel on January 22nd of last year. Superintendent Toohey forwarded a reply to the effect that he had no information to give beyond what might be gathered from the deposi. tions, but he has been told that these do not give a sufficient explanation of his proceedings. He has been asked to furnish a full account of the circumstances which led to action being taken agaiast MIrs. Beech and Haworth. The last has not yet been heard of the Pettavel murder case. During the past few days, says the Advertiser, a well known and expert official connected with the Ballarat police force has been engaged in making further enquiries into the mys tery, and it is probable that something fresh will be heard in a day or two. It speaks well for the local officer in question that he should be selected by the depart. ment to make another attempt to unravel tilliis mysterious affair. The Brisbane correspondent of the Age telegraphs that the Government have re. coived an intimation from London to the effect that, should the floating of the Queensland loan be deferred, the Bank of England is prepared to advance the moneys required at a rate of interest very favorable to the colony. There is every probability that, should Victoria require similar assistance, it will be granted. Another large consignment of cartridges and twenty-six cases of rockets (says the Telegraph), have arrived to the order ic the Government. They came by the ship West Lothian, which arrived in port from London on Friday evening. Exceptionally heavy supplies of fat stock continue to be drawn from the Colac and Camperdown districts, and for this week's metropolitan markets about 7000 sheep and 210 head of cattle, are booked for trucking; the consignments being as fol low :-From Camperdown to Newmarket-. 6 trucks sheep to Messrs. Powers, Ruther ford, and Co.; 5 do. to Messrs. Richard Gibson, and Co.; 3 do. to Messrs. Fisken and Gibson; 13 do. to Mr. D. Bird. To Ballarat- 3 trucks to Messrs. Power, Rutherford and Co.; 1 do. to Messrs. O'Farrell and Co. To Newport-6 trucks to Frozen Meat Company. To Geelong 3 trucks do. to Messrs. Dennys, Lascelles, Austin and Co. From Weerite to New market-8 trucks sheep to Mr. C. B. Fisher; 5 do. to Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, and Co. Prom Pirron Yalloak to Geelong- trucks sheep and 3 trucks of cattle to Messrs. Dennys, Lascelles, Austin, and Co. From Ondit-3 trucks sheep to Messrs. Dennys, Lascelles, Austin, and Co.,Geelong; 6 trucks to Messrs. Richard, Gibson, and Co., Newmarket. Birregurra to New market-- truck sheep to Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, and Co.; and 2 truckstoMessrs. Peck, Hudson, and Raynor. From Win chelsea to Newmarket-3 trucks sheep to Messrs. George Howatt and Co. To.day (Tuesday) the truckings of cattle to Newmarket will be as under:--From Camperdown-2 trucks to Messrs. Dal Caempbell and Co.; 4 do. to Messrs. Powers, Rutherford and Co.; 5 do. to Messrs. Fisken and Gibson. From Weerite-6 trucks to Mr. C. B. Fisher. From Birregurra-1 truck of bulls to Messrs. Sanders and Co.; and 1 truck cattle to Messrs. Power, Rutherford and Co. From Ondit-1 truck to Messrs. Peck, Hudson and Raynor ; and 1 do. to Messrs. Powers, Rutherford and Co. A snecial train from Winchelsea to-day will convey 12 trucks of sheep to Newport. The Police Court sat for a short time on Friday, and dealt with three cases of drunkeness and one of assault. John Alen, who was dcicharged by the Bench on the previous Monday, was e;ain brought up charged with having beWn drunk and disorderly and resisting the police on Wednesday night, 29th ult. Sergeant Boyle stated that on the evening in ques tion a public meeting was held in the Oddfellows' Hall, where he noticed the defendant. His conduct was so disorderly that he had to be ejected, and witness then cautioned him as to his future behaviour. Later in the evening the police found the man misconducting himself, and he was taken into custody. He violently rsisted the police, and declared that he would not be taken to the lock.up alive. Constable Lawless and Mr. J. W. Lloyd gave evidence as to the improper behaviour of Allen, and his subsequent arrest by the police. Mr. John Conner asked permission to gire a statement of the affair, as he was an eye witness to it. He stated that the man, inm his opinion, was a little foolish, bat wvs not disturbing the public peace. Re was not drunk, nor dlid he talk offensively. The poliee came up, caught the man by the arm, and although he begged for another chance, they refosed to give it to him. The Bench considered the charges ftlly proved, and in the case of drunmkenness a fine of 5s. or six hours imprisonment was inflioted, and for assaulting the police he was sentenced to fourteen days imprison ment in Geelong gaol. Two other drenks named Watson and Thompson were dis charged. Charles Merrian proceeded Stephen Howard for unlawful assault. A cross summons was c.lso issued. Mr. HIancock appeared for the plaintiff, and M1r. Whyte for defendant. Merrnian stated that the defendant without provocation had seized hold of him when he was in the i bar of the Victoria Hotel, and pitchedhim into the gutter. In reply to the Bench he stated that he was sober at the time of the cesault. The defendant stated that com plainant lhad accused him of not putting in his correct time at Mr. Prigg's brick yards, of which witness was the overseer, M?errian called him a dog and a cheat, at the same time shaping at cmd hitting him. Witness put Mlerrian out of the bar, but did not strike hil. TIhe Bench hell d that defendant leed no right to take thle law into his oswn hands, and a fine of 10s., with Is. Ud. costs, was imposed; the cross sum Icons being dismisscd. Mr. Rened and Captain Uniimes were the presiding mais: 