A STAND OM THE FLAT AT CAULFIELD. A Flea from a Pittite. To Mr. "Vigilant," Sportsman, — Some actors, sir, plays for the gallery, and some for the pit. Some racing clubs, notably the V.R.C., plays for a full house - paddock, hill, and flat alike - some on 'em plays for the paddock alone, and the Caulfield Club is one of the last-named division. I ain't a proud man, no more ain't the missus. We both on us likes a bit of racing, and 'cordingly we often patronises the hill at Flemington, but, although we live nearer Caulfield, we don't often go there now 'Cos why ? 'Gos we can't afford ten bob to get In the paddock, and it we goes on the flat we gets wet through if it rains, and don't see nothing of the raoe if it?e fine. If we stands a bit back we oan contrive to see the Steeplechase when the nags take the jumps at the back of the oonrse, but even then I have to hoist the old woman on my back to find ont which passes the post first. Osn'ft you scribble a line or' two, sir, as wonld make the Oaulfield stewards study aar interests a bit and stick up a stand of some sort for us, even if we has to pay a bob or two extry to get into it ? Oan t the V.A.T.O. afford to risk a sprat or two to catch the shoals of mackerel who at Caulfield Oup time arc bound to swim Into the harbour I'm now suggesting ? Wake 'em up a bit, sir, and cam the gratitndeof the frequenters of ihe flat, and, yours truly, A. Flathead. £Tbis subject should be tackled by the V.AT.C. committee at onoe. ! At home tinresn few courses where the oomfort of the visitors to the 44 flat" is not studied ; and .where the blub do not fiod it convenient or desirable to ereot a stand, permission is given to outriders, who pay -for the .privi lege on the came prinoiple as the letting of booths, eto. One or other of these . courses ;Will Aave to be proceeded with > shortly. rd.spobssiuw. ''Som eday 1 dome day !? - was evidently the' refrain which a, ccuple.-of .tbejockeys, who rode in the WyndbamVHurclle Eeoe on Saturday were humming to 'themselves as they firiihed< lengths behind Fusilier. 1 1 faooy. that 44 some day'.' pne or twp f Jthem will run more prominently. 1 ' OhabitT oovers a multitude of sins, and God knows we 1 racing men can generally hold our own when the main is iniquity ; but let there be a case of an injured jockey, an indigent sportsman, or a broken backer, and tbe much maligned motallician is the first to pat his hand in bis pocket and pull something out of it. 'Recently I have had to relate examples of magnanimity on the parts of Messrs. Alf. Joseph and Oxenfaam, and now 1 have a pleasing little act of generosity to record of .the smaller people, the Melbourne Tattersall's Olub, the members of which, having ft dividend to draw recently, handed over the total amount almost unanimously to the Melbourne Hospital, ihe sum smouut it)£ to upwards of -£?5. Trifles wo ate t-Ju zuitkr up Die. turn '.oi iiumtui evifleobo, aud ii.-is4it4 Waettoae lik« thber I bvs.'jy4t Lublieiiyo-whi/o po to r&ringhiJlb; banH U $p. £liV Hgid. plai'io . AnouT this time last year I remember predicting that, in my opinion, fitfgo, the Derby favourite, would not win the Y.B>.0. Blue Riband, and the resifit justified my prophecy. At the mombnk of writing— five months before the race — Rewstead, whose performances mid times are certainly eqaal to those of Bargo, is at 100 to 15, and. Lfhough the prediotion is rather a hold one, I have little hesitation in writing now that there are at leatt two coltz in the Derby whom I consider bound to beat him, even £f. he comes to tiie post fit and well, whiohT' consider very doubtful. More of this anon. Thbeb steeplechases in one afternoon ought to be sufficient to satisfy tbe most exacting of sportsmen, but on 8aturdav, even after Deceiver, Midnight, and Sir Samuel had each won his little race, some of the visitors on the flat sang out 44 No race" as the last-named horse returned to smile. All that was necessary to the complete enjoy ment of the afternoon's sport was another race later on in total darkness, and a broken neck or two. Gbsoobt, the " dark" horse in the billiard tournament, played such a wonderfully good ame on .Monday that much comjqept. ha sen passed on his handicap. As a handi- capper has only public form to guide him in framing allowances, and Gregory appears to have been particularly modest in displaying bis abilities, not the slightest .blame can attach to Byrne, who, as amattek of fact, has produced a most equitable handicap, some of the finishes bring remarkably dose. Betting at this time of year "is never par ticularly brisk, but this season it appears to be more than usually slack. The billiard tournament now in progress at the Victorian Olub is of course absorbing the biggest amount of metallic interest, Messrs. Gregory, Haines, Sutton, and Leek having each been heavil backed to win the trophy. The V.R.C. Derby and Cup are practically untouched, tbe leading meUdlioiana deolaring that no bets outside of trifliDg wage'rs i.v'.ivo tho week. V ic j ie ou-itc for the -o 15, but buBHJCS cu . ' i summed up. i:vJ; A i .. rj :.v L ; heavy UfLtiDe, both or. tb» | Ciuaa e'en; did l"arbr oud C'ir Ebadkbs of the Sfortsuxx who hare an incUnation to follow " blood" may fiad some interest in the following table of entries tor the V.U.C. Derby of 1835. There are 12u nominations in all, including 89 colts, 84 fillies, and 3 geldings. No less than 49 different sires are represented, and the number of their progeny is ae follows t— Angler, 8 ; Argus Scandal, 3 ; Ambassador, 2 ; Bordeaux, 3 ; Bolton' Green, 1 ; Brit de For, 1 s Black Eagle, 1 ; Beauolerc, 1 ; Countrjman, 4 ; Chandos, 3 2 Chester, 8 j Oadogan, 2 ; Columbus, 1 ; Drummer, 5 | Epigram, 5 ; Englishman, 1 2 First King, 2 2 Goldebrougii, 8; Gang Forward, 42 Grand Flaneur, 6 ; Glorious, 2 2 Gainsbrougb, 1 2 Hawtbornden, 1 ; Henchman, 1 2 Julian Avenel, 2 ; King of the King, 5 2 King of the Anglers, 1 ; King Tom, 1 ; King Cole, 1 j Kingeborough, 1 j Lamplighter, 1 2 Maribyr- nong, 11 ; Mnekct, 6 ; Mauuke, 1 ; Neckers- gat, 9 2 Newminster, 1 ; Napoleon, 1 ; Pis- cator, 2 ; Robinson Crusoe, 8 ; Rapid Bay, 2 ; Stationer, 1 ; Slanderer, 1 ; St. George, 1 ; Tubal Cain, 3 ; Tbe Hook, 1 ; Talk of the Hills, 1 ; Wollomai, 1 2 WUberforce, 1 2 Winterlake, 1. There are eomo rare bred ones amongst this lot, 10 that the struggle for tbe coveted 41 Blue Riband" this year should be a grand one, providing that eome of the stables that turn out the "rum 'unsH have the luck to bring their equine -charges fit and well to the post. Thbbb has been a rare flutter amongst the lady patrons of the turf during the week, the excitement being dne to the fact that tbe nominations for The Bracelet filled on Monday, and 1 will wager that tbe entries for that event were nevermore eagerly scanned by our fair sisters than yesterday morning. Al though the total is soareely as large as that of past seasons, a big field is bound to face Mr. Watson to do battle for the three hand some trophies. Next week, when the weights are published, will be ample time to hazard a prediction, but I will just whisper en passant that in my opinion, the winner will, as usual, come from GaulfieML tm«« are few young Australian native sportsmen better known .and more generatly liked than Ted Prevfit, who for the past ten years has been identified with all-round sport — cricket, as aa intercolonial umpire ; football, as a Carlton oentre player ; oourang, as the owner of several crack greyhounds ; and now as the proprietor of Bower Tatter sall's (The Australian) Hotel, he is about til enter a fresh field, and distinguish himself as' a sporting bonifsoe, and will, X have no doubt, render as good an acoount of himself in his new line as in his old engagements Oxenhah's " Mopthly Turf Register" for Juneis in the press, and will be. on sale to morrow. In addition to the usual monthly mass of racing reoords, the June issue con tains a revised list of the Spring entries. The Melbourne agent is Mr. Charles Fleming, Tobacconist, 62 Swanston-street. Fcbuobb, who won the Wyndbam Hurdle Race, has been sold by Mr. Robert Sevior to Mr, E. Weekee, and, as our old friend Bob has now a few spare boxes, I hope they will not long remain vacant. I wis glad to see George Goodie have s win at Wyndham last wrok, and, aa there axe few more aooompliahed horsemen In; the colonies, I hope to see him often in the. pigsMn. Thx hnrdleraoer Inglerides, who carried all before him in Queensland, and won a hurdle raoe at Hawkesbury carrying, list. 7!b., seems to have gqne altogether off of late, ae, despite the assistance of Batty, he was unable to get a place in the Wyndham Hurdle Raoe, for wmoh he -started a hot flret'favonrite, and waa genuinely baoked. Eaolb, who finished second to Hempstead in the Trial Stakes at Wyndham on Satur day, and ahonld have won comfortably had he not run wide at the torn, Is not half a bad hone, and will, I fanejf be heard of gain when thoroughly welL .Up to eix furlongs or a mile, in fair company, he will " eome day ' ' hold hie own. Thb ins-asd-onte 1 of raring | were never ? mert clearly exemplified fhau lAphe Stekple- chaserunnuig at Wybdhamlastweek. First' Deceiver wins; then Midnight and Sir Samuel race a mile by themselves, Miflnighf. winnine. both all out; then Deceiver and ' Duohrja, ''JT'r raUr'.-Iv -edb -.rf. r-IfJi 15 >4 1. jj'ux atO s-.w. :.u.; !h< lHer v. ; .a.als Tf". - ; Tsis - tDuri.-..,-. BDUhsd itmitim. ol m uxmyi. u i uu V.E.C. enttie» £ Eijpo'Bjteilnationfor tbe Oop wat telegraphed from Bsllarat at S.tt p.m., sod arrived in Elisabeth -street at 3.45 p.m. The effort evidently exhausted the offioiale, as it took nearly halt an hour to get the mesaege to its destination a few handled yards off. The riurnlt was thtt Bingwood's name did not appear in the entries. £1300, says the Adelaide Sporting Chro nicle, was the sum cleared by a prominent Melbourne metallieian over the recent Ade laide raoes. This don't seem to be bad butioess at a meeting where getting is pro hibited.— Ed. & Tni Moonee Valley meeting, already twice postponed, will be brought off (weather per mitting) on Saturday. Our tips for there events nave already appeared. . Ws have been requested to call attention to the Australian Trotting Sires' Produce Stakes, to be run at the Elsternwiok Park meeting on 14th Ootober next. The balance of the sweepstakes must be pud on the day of general entry. Mb. B. M'EsmrA desires me to oantion owners and trainers against employing a lad named MacDonald, who haa left hie serriee ; without leave. . ' Ikl Grand Prix de Pari, was run at Paria km Sonday laat, and tdl to tho Two Thousand Ouineas winner. Paradox, a eheanut oolt. Betoieant, by Bagdad — Kleptomania, waa second, and Present Times third. Paradox, it will be remembered, was favourite for the Derby, won by Melton, for some time. Thb Bendigo weights, ' whioh were leaned yesterday, appear in another column. The meeting takes pisoe next Wednesday, on the morning of whioh day my vaticinations will be published. ' At Messrs. W. 0. Yuille and Oe.'e sale last week the : hurdle- racer. Boyal Maid, was bought by Mr. J. tOohgn, who recently Jjnr- : chased the steeplechaser, Denmark. The mare will join Ohifney's string. Bonnie Dundee, who was p eased in at 780 guineas, has been since disposed of for, it is said, 800 guineas. Ones Darling and The Ghost -her. returned to Mr. Beid's, Lucky Hit has gone into Mr. J. Wilson's Xjun.) stable. i Thb. case of the injured jookey, W." Harden, who has been removed to the Alfred Hpspita), has. bean oonaiered .by the Y.B.C. committee, Who/have 'granted Lim £1 10a. perweek. ' ' : H. TIBBSJ.LB, who, it will he remembered, prepared Maluaand Stockwell when they first appeared; on this side of the water, will probably train at Oaulfield. He will have a number »f -dPasmanifna in ; hia ftiUwjs- cluding nevaiCe .Alhifi/flt. Alport, and Clarendon. A couple of Western Dis trict horses and Bonnie Dundee will pro bably also be trained by him. . Meteob has returned to Tasmania, where he will be -spelled nfter. his Tiotorian oamv ptlgu. - 44 Tbukpatox," of tha Observer, is in formed that Ibe committee of Tattersall's lately investigated and dismissed the claim for £250 made by Mr. J. H. Hill against Mr. Watson in respect of tha removal bj the Httorof his horse Newitead from the St. Leonards training stables. Up Wagga -way raring matters ore in a oatiefaotory condition. At a recent meeting of ihn MacramMdgee Tarf Clab it waa fleoided that the Spring Meeting should be held on the 18th, 19th, and 20th November, and that both the Siree and Mares' Produoe Stakee ahonld be run at the . meeung. Tiie added &-oi;ey will 09 or :!s>r T' . .. j, vsvw iov €ubminwi<.-ts to b return iss.Niv;,-. I;. w&« retoiro- tl. j -'icsc iftsiVUlK O' rjiu COuiTFG ir.r COU .blog r,.:rrr.t ant be '"iT.-j-d Otlt, bat .rbrrr.r--? tt - io bit jnedo on l>? ..issfc. tUi, I-.'i»(uijriauons for cb principal handicaps are due on tbe 11th August, and the weights will be declared within a week after the A.J.O. Spring Meeting. Thb Hew Zealand colt Thunderbolt, of whom the New Zealanders entertain eaoh a high opinion, has changed hande, having become the property of the Hon. W. Robin- 'son for, it lis said, 2000 guineas. He hu arrived in Sydney, and is now being looked after by Mason, who also lias Vanguard and others belonging to Mr. Robinson. With auoh a strong fitting, the latter gentleman ought to be about duriog the oomiag season. Thunderbolt is quoted at 10 to 1 for onr Derby. Oub illustration this week, Mr. Jenninga, is one of the old Tasmaniau identities, .who is well known to all Viotorian sporting visitors to the tight little island. Mr, Jennings, who is probably the biggest man in the world, weighs upwards of thirty-two stone. Load Wilton and Manfred are returning to Fiemington, as the training faoilitiei are better there then over the border. Th» third volume of the 41 Australian. Stud Book ' is now engrossing the attention of Mr. Archie Vnflle, who desires any breeders who have not yet forwarded to him lists of all footings since the compilation of the aeoond volume to do so at onoe, ae he is anxious to get the book out daring tbe coming spring mason. There Is no doubt that it ia to the advantage of breeders to supply the information in these times when pedigree ia so fully considered. Tabulated pedigrees will be inaerted for. tbe usual rote. . Itex strong siring of homes uowlooated at Oaulfield haa been added to by tbe arrival of Mr. Batmen's horses from Fern Tree Gully. TSu Emulation — Gaiety colt reoently pur chased by Mr. File has been named "Went- worth. The oolt will be trainedby Mr. T. Jordan. ux. R. G. Talbot's oolt by Lapidist out of Geres has been named The Jeweller. Tbb Sale people am making arrangements for bringing off a Winter Meeting. . Oan- ivaseing is alraadv going on, and several 1 donations have' already neon promised. A meeting is to be held in a few days' time. H&. John Fkszs'ji foals by Lapidist are ; described: by " Merlin" as beuig a grand lot ! There are 18 altogether, the piok being four fiDlMoriflHsptarlse, Medea, Queen Mary, : and Zillah, the latter three dame of Bliok Bonny, Sheet Anchor, and Tssmax. Mb. T. Oosbrt s numerous string has re- i orived another addition in Fexnlea, who was purohased at Sydney for. 130 guineas. Fin ?gil, the ateeplebhaeer, has been bought by tlb. M'Fhril, nhd goes into ont of the Bal- \ lorot atoblea. ; "TSzbttr, who has been having 'a lon : spril, has been put into work by T. Jones, ; and Vanderbtit, the Smuggler home, recriitiy \ purchased by M. O'Brien, is bring eohooled 1 over tiie little stieks. Tbb entries for the Bendigo Jockey Olub Meeting, whioh is to be held on the 24th lust., ore very satisfactory, both as regards number and quality. The Hurdle Raoe has 26 engaged, the Telegraph Stakes 24, the Trot 27, the Steeplechase 16, the Selling Fiat Raoe 11, and the Selling Hurdle Raoe 10. ffOMoriviove for the Hurdle Race, Jerfl- derie Jockey Olub Handicap, and Railway 8 takes, to be run at jerilderie on 29th July, close on Tuesday next. i T':? .? - meeting of the Surrey County C r.w" ' .v'- was held on the 7th of .last I l'iouL. of the dob are in a j 'LAf it" j exr ili.iri for works on, and improve- J iev ia.. ground, the balance at the end oi tne year amounted to £4739 6s. 6d. For this very pleasing state of things the dub has to thaqk,in no small degree, the matches played by the Australians. The receipts from these were as follow Australians v. Gentlemen, £1646 8s. 6d. ; Australians v. Players, £522 9s. 6d. ; Australians v.Englaud, £1865 7s. ; Australians v. South, £377 6s. ; and Australians v. Surrey, £741 10s. ; or a total of £5053 Is. The receipts for the stand are given at £2950. On the other side, under the bead of payments, there is the item, 11 share of receipts to Australians, £2802 3s. 6d." Tag capital percentage of wins which had attended F. Archer's record up to the 24th May has been well maintained, his half-dozen successes at Epsom having been so far sup plemented by, four at Sandown Park. His figures then stood — 82 mounts, 30 wins, to the 80 mounts, 20 wins of C. Wood, who pasted the post first fire times — twioe at Alexandra Park, twioe at Epsom, and once at Sandown. . G. Barrett has run into third place with the assistance of three victories, and A. Giles comes next with a total of 10. At the Newmarket Spring Meeting Mr. Coatance officiated aa starter on the first and second days. On the third day Lord Manna Bereaford waa entrusted with the flag on trial. Mr. Ouatanoe resumed hia duties on the fourth day. On ;the first day of the Two Thousand Guineas meeting .Fred Aroher failed to some a win, although he had half a dozen mounts. On the aeoond day, however, he scored four viotones, including the Two Thousand Guineas. His abilities aa a horse man were severely tested i& the Mg event and in the Belling Piste, as he only managed to et home by. a head. In tiie T wo Thousand Guineas the Kbber- Obopette oolt wonld have settled him in another stride, and the ! layers of 3 to 1 on Paradox were greatly relieved when his number was hoisted. It is worthy of remark that Cannon was on the second horse in each raoe. , ownrbs and trainers are again reminded that the general entries for the Elsteinwicflr Park Grand National Meeting, to be held on 4th July, close on Monday next. The entries for the Hurdle and Steepleohaee were re ceived on Monday ; 22 horses were nominated for the former, and 28 for tiie latter. The entries for the Hurdle include some good ones; Joe's Indian Queen II., Union, Midnight, Blackthorn, Minerva, Deceiver, Mernder, CUrenoe, Moonlight, and Reticent are amongst those in the Steeple chase. There Is, altogether, every evidence of a good day's sport. F. Abchbb has now ridden four winners of the Two Thousand Guineas — viz., Atlantic in 1874, Gharibert in 1879, Galliard in 1883, and Paradox in 1885. In addition to winning the principal event, Archer was also successful on Exploit, Lorgnette, and Nautilus. Tbb papers to hand by the Orient liner Ousco show a deal of light on the cause of Paradox's decline in the Derby betting. Prior bo the Two Thousand Guineas being run, his 5 rice for tbe Derby was 9 to 4 and 2 to 1, and lelton's II to 2 and 6 to 1. Paradox was backed to win the double event at the short odds of 3 to I. In the Two Thousand Guineas, for which event 3 to 1 was laid on him, be only managed to beat the Kisber — Chopebte oolt by a head after a hard race. That night Melton supplanted him in the Derby betting, and was quoted at 7 to 2, whilst Paradox's price was 4 to 1; Melton's price gradually shortened until he saw 2 to 1. On the 8th May Mr. Samuel Webster, at the Low Pastures, Doncaster, died at the age of 77. Mr. Webster was well known in the raring world and was for many years a breeder of racehorses in connection with the late Mr. W. Sadler, the breeder of Pretender, winner of the Darby and Two Thousand Guineas in 1869. 'flVwMj likeBeaoh, bos to go from home to bear newe. Under date New Tork, 22nd April, he eaye : — 44 1 have no personal know ledge of being matched to row Beaoh, unless some of my friends have mode the mateh without my knowing it. I am willing and ready to row any man in the world, either in this oountry or in England." In a mateh between the Notts colts and Yorkshire orits there wob some heavy scoring. The former made 316, of whioh Bean con tributed 72, Wright 58, and Mr. T. Lindlay 54\. The Yorkshire boys replied with a total of 325. H. Lee put together 141 before be was disposed of ; Mr. H. Leaflbitter followed with 61. 8ta?fobd has gone into Mr. J. D. Robert son's stable, and will be trained in future at Kingston. Excellent entries have been received for the V.A.T.G. meeting to be held at Caulfield on the' 27th inst. The Hurdle -Race has twenty-twoengaged,inrinflingBuzza, Guard- .fisb. Ghats worth, Minerva, Equity, Joe's Indian Queen XL, and other good performers. There ore only eight in the Victoria Gold Onp, bat the quality is first-cloBB. There ere forty-nine entries for the Ladiee' Trophy, and these inriude many of onr best known sprinters. The Open. Steepleohaee has attracted twenty-three entries, and they axe all good ones. Tbo last event, the Richmond Handicap, has forty-three in it, so that there is every promise of good sport. ' This oqnditfions of the Produoe 8takeB to be run for at -the Albnry annual races, 1886, appear in onr advertising columns. Ibe event is of 100 so vs., with a sweepstakes of 5 eots. Nominations, with 1 sot. eaoh, giving description and pedigrees, axe to be went in before the 1st day of July, 1885. 