THE management of the Band and Albion Consols deserves all praise for the persistency with which it carrieB forward its operations, not only to make the venture ke£p on paying dividends to the shareholders, bnt also to prove the existence of deep and payable quartz in this centre. Only for tbis enterprising company, the. discovery of quartz in Ballarat far down into the earth, wonld probably have devolved upon the next generation at the earliest, for there is no disputing the fact that, except by the Band and Albion, the problem of deep quartz in this locality has beenmostunmistakably shirked by all the other quartz mining projects which this district has known. The Sovereign in the east was the first to eBSfty the task, and broke down when little more than half the distance, namely, 1000 feet, had been reached; another company in the west was going to tackle the task, but lost its spirit when about 600 feet down; a third company determined the thing should be done, but stopped short at about 900 feet; and another company, also in the west, gave np the ghost when about the same distance was attained, on tbe gronnd that the shaft was not at that time of the soundest. But the Band and Albion has never wavered one jot from the 1000 feet design since the outset. As it was the first to go down to prove that payable quartz was in the Sebastopol plateau, so it has been the first to reach the thousand feet depth; and verily it has its reward, for it has tapped fine broad golden stone there, which has sent the shares spinning upwards, and given a guarantee that this*grand old mine will still go on paying -dividends for no one can tell how many decadeB of years in the future. Tree, there is tbis difference s between the Band and Albion, and the o other ventures we. have referred to, d that the former has carried stone and s good indications nearly all the way t down with it since the first golden reef was tapped in the claim; while the other companies had no such favorable conditions to encourage" them in keeping on with their task'. But tbis is more a matter of degree than of principle, as there have been times when the Band and Albion prospects for going down deeper into the earth were so dubious, that' Borne of its own management doubted the wisdom of delving further, down into the globe, but the doubters were overridden by the more plucky members on the board, who were determined to keep on sinking in spite of the cost, or apparent monetary risk, so confident were they that they would in the end be rewarded for their labors. Had the same spirit been shown by the other companies on the line,.far more talkative about reaching the 1000 feet level, what should we be able to witness here to- day 1 Clearly a succession of valuable quartz mines^rom far above the Koh-i- Noor north, down to -NapoleonB in the south, "aiid proTiably still farther ahead in that direct-Ion, as there can be no .more, doubt of the whole "of that stretch of country being gridironed with valuable quartz lodes deep down- in the earth, than there is that payable stone is being got in. the. Sandhurst district 1800 feet from the -earth's surface. The authority we ba*;e for making-this wholesale not. alone on the Sandfin||t3jSfe#&ent;) not -alone on >thej broad ^Jrat wherever there Jias been rieh alluvial there is snre' >to bB somewhere -about rich quartz lodes,' but also on the fact that whereas' what profitable quartz haa beeniound by BO 'many companies Jiere has been; taken out of "brokenconntry,";the good' quartz which tbe Bandflnd Albion bas now reached lies -.in-A' unbroken country;" which goes- to ihow that deep Ballarat ~:«tone i-jfaaslongvliorizonial as w«ll as vertical -resfeb, making it icertain' that sf other quartz Tentargs hatf been ^ept--5oing; down - aBv persistently as the Band and j&lbion; has: beem-snntj-amilar'TeBnUBwonldhave been secureS by their efforts, For it is certain .that in ." u nbroken" or settled country there -are aot those breaks,- slides, heavfiB^or crosaconraeB which " broken country " always con-- o tains, and-'which are the logical results of the Strata being thrown into conb fusion. The assumption, therefore, is fair that the expansion of Ballarat proper into a great quartz mining district has been prevented by a want of grit in a number of our mining ventures to go down deep, to follow the example of the Band and Albion; and this rule applies as much to the eaBt as to the west-, for there can be no doubt that tbe one part of Ballarat is as rich in quartz deposits as the other, and that it only requires the verve of the Band and Albion management, in probing deep into the earth, to spread all over the city and town, to make Ballarat a more prosperous place for goldproducing than it has ever been at any time since it was originally opened -aB a gold- yielding centre. This is our theme, indeed, this morning, besides complimenting tbe Band and Albion management upon the spirit ic "has shown in solving this deep quartz mining problem," and congratulating it upon the result. \- These remarks are put together to urge quartz companies in both west and east, to delve down to 1000 feet, or deeper, without allowing anything to check the work, down until they have reached "unbroken country," where thpy are as likely to find golden Btone as the Band and Albion has fouod it, and where, having tapped it, they will fiod it of such a lasting character that they will be handsomely rewarded £or thriir energy, their outlay, and their labor. For. the latest development in the Band and Albion mine explodes the old absurdity that payable quanz would never be found at a great depih, snch as 1000 feet, in Ballarat, thus -bearing out all we have had to say on this subject ever since we first directed attention, many years ago, to our- quartz resources, and ridiculed the idea that they were exhaustible at a comparatively.few feet from the surface. The thing is to reach the " unbroken," or " settled, country," as the Band and Albion has reached and, when it has been reached, depend .upon it that the golden' stone found will last,-not only .for a few weeks or months, but for years, bearing rich fruit for shareholders, and giving continuous and remunerative employment for ten times the quantity of labor which we locally possess at present-. Tbe hope which the Band and Albion management has just created for Ballarat is of a kind to ma&e; everybody feel the most unbounded confidence in the future of the town, the more especially as there iB no telling at present how many hundreds of feet still further down the Band and Albion lode,, now tapped at the 1000 feet level, may not reach. But nerve and pluck are required to get all the good out. of the new 'find which the discovery suggests, and such nerve and pluck onght to be shown by' thoseepersoDS who hold the ground where similar deposits are likely to be found, now that the Band and- Albion has shown the way, and the certainty of reaping handsome results from going down deep after quartz in Ballarat, haB been so clearly furnished. The prospect which the Band and Albion has opened up Is bright indeed for tbe town, and the exertions to make the best of it should - be correspondingly energetic and unsparing, Let this spirit only be shown, and an amount of prosperity will set in for this centre, such as in all the days of its alluvial successes it has never equalled or exceeded. THE conference which took place on Saturday, at the Trades' Hall, Camp street; between Colonel SMITH and Messrs BELL and FINCHAM, and several members of the Trades' Hall Council, including Mr DOUGLASS, ought to carry great weight, not only with the Railway Commissioners, but also with the Government. The business consisted in the main of what has been repeatedly pressed in this journal; but there was an addition which had not come under our notice before, olr we should certainly not have overlooked it. The first part of the interview involved a complaint that contractors for railway works, and Government worts generally, are allowed to use their own discretion as to where they procure the ironwork which they require for uch contracts, whether in the colony, r from abroad ; and the second part ealt with the habitual delay there p eems to be in ordering locomotives for he lines, thus keeping the engineering establishments of the colony idle when they shduld be in a . very. active condition. Both masters were brought under the notice of the three representatives for Ballarat "West by a deputation from the Trades' Hall Council; and the result was a promise that representations ihould be made to the Railway Commissioners and. the Government, 'with a view of rectifying the evils complained-of. We very warmly endorse every word which was uttered at this conference, for both matters dealt with represent substantial grievances which the working classes have againBt the "authorities. For -wehave laid down again, and again this position, which it irrefutable, that there should be a condition included'in every; specification drawn np }>y. the Government, or the Railway Commissioners, that all ironwork required to carry out the works to which .the'specifications refer should, when .possible, be obtained in the colony; and so long as this is not done, a .most i^oriant xndMtry, whicb the colony has successfully.acclimatisfed/ aB well sB the working classes generally, are dealt With moBt unjustly, The reBultof ' nbt making .ihis provision is to keep our iron trade' dull, and thrust a number of pur irpnwbrkers out of employment; and Such a state of things isutterly indefensible, as thecom: mnnity is quite willing to pay a trifle more, whenever necessary, tbat all ironwork nsed in Government and railway/ works should be made by our own people, and as the work wonld snre to be «B well done here, and probably a great deal better, than when ^obtained' through the importer. -How it is that-, -when we have a protectivepolicy,-when no •compunction is felt about paying, a high price for locally made iron pipes, which.is qnite correct and ccnsistent,. and when the Governments ol all' the other Australian colonies jure doing. somuch^^upplythemseWeB'^tbm; tkeir own -floors, -contractors are not ound down 4iere >to • itbis -condition, \ seeing ihatlt could pot sfiect tbemj BB theywould sknowJbeforethey-tendeMd; that they could not /gooutside for iron*? work' wbich -could-be proenred here, passes all comprehension^and can only ue understood on the gronnd that the Idea haB not penptrated tbe heftds of those who have. the giving oat of ench workiDr- we^cftnhardly.Sjeiievesncban wonld be jallowed -to go on BO ( Ions. Bnt now that the Trades* Hall! .,L i. > „j ,„ „.„„„ Council has been awakened to the wrong, we shall 1--11 hope 1 that »!..» this <->..<, grievance -noron/m win will be removed, especially as we may rea-' sonably expect that the Trades' Hall Council in Melbourne will follow suit, as our first duty is to ourselves, and the best way we can diecharge it is to get all we consume made and supplied by ourown producers. Equallyforcible waB the contention on Saturday. last tbat the Government Ehould provide the Railway Commissioners with funds to equip our railways with rolling stock, minus the delay which is now shown, as that delay is quite as injurious to our iron and engineering trade, and the working classes generally, BS the other matter mentioned. It was owing to this delay that we lost a large order for engineB atid other rolling stock during Mr BENT'S term of office; and It is owing to the same procrastinating spirit that our engineering and carriage-making establishments have so many of their fires out, and eo many of their handB idle, when with more zealous prevision quite the opposite state of things would happen. Both evils want early vemedying, for it should be the first thing done by the authorities to avoid any neglect whicb throws our industries into a dull state, and our artisaos out, of work, as the more active our industries are tbe -better it must be for the revenue, and also for every class in tbe community. More useful work, than getting the two matters descanted npon by the Trades' Hall delegates lasc Saturday, remedied in an effective manner, could not be done by the representatives of Billarat West, or acquiesced in by the Government and the Railway Commissioners. For both matters represent grievances of no mild sort; and the industrial classes of the colony will, therefore, be treated in a very nnkind and inconsiderate^ spirit if these grievances, should be allowed to continue. The cure, however, lies more with the Government. than with the" Railway Commissioners. It is the Government which can compel Victorian ironwork to be used in all Victorian public workB, and push on the manufacture of rolling stock by. providing the ways and means to pay for such supplies, To the Government, therefore, the three representatives of Ballarat "West should go with the complaints to which their attention has been called, and yhich should be redressed with all the promptitude which such grievances call for. Else the Government will not act consistently with its_ words, or treat our industries with that aid which they ought to receive^ but which they are not always lucky enough to gather. There was a large concourse of holidaymakers at the Botanical Gardens yesterday, and Lake Wendonree had a lively appearance from the number of steamers and sailing and rowing partiea going to and from the gardens Picnic partiea were scattered about the reserve, all enjoying themselves thoroughly, and cot a single accident occurred to mar the day's pleasure. It is computed that there were fully 12,000 visitors to this popular pleasure-ground. The autnmn meeting of tbe Ballarat Turf Club took place yesterday at Dowling Forest racecourse. The weather was fine, and the attendance large. The fields, however, were small, notwithstanding tbe larger amount of money than usual offered for stakes. For some reason or other it appears an impossibility to draw large fields outof Melbourne, and centralisation apparently is the order of the day with racing aa in almost everything else. In spite of the small fields the racing was very good, and some good finishes tcok place. Though there were only three horess. engaged in the Steeplechase, .thaf.Taee perhaps could not have been equalled in thecolony as far as the jumping powers of the htirseB were concerned, every one of them -taking the stonewall, log fence, fuizs fences, 3cc.t in grand style. The attendance of bookmakers was much smaller than usual, aiid there does not appear to be so much bettiDg at country meetings aa there used to "be. The ipiglers, though, were as numerous as ever, bnt tbe police succeeded in stopping, in a great measure, their operations. The Vovel Selling Race was won by Mr Crock's Jimmy, .the Hordle Raoe by Mr P. M'Gowan's Hantsman, the Easter Handicap by Mr Howie's Virago, the Steeplechase by Mr Dalrymple'a Goodwood, and the Trial Stakes by Mr J. G Boberison'e Antelope. The jockey M'Gowan rode three times during the day and came in first on eaoh occasion.. A detailed report of' the racing appears in another c'olnmn. The passengers;of a bus returning last evening from a picnic at Gong Gong were m greatly alarmed near Brown Hill to find that the driver lost oontrol of the vehicle, which then.came thundering down a'rather steep hill, in -danger every moment of capsizing. At the bottom cf the hill the bas tnrned artly over, but managed to right itself by p the horses swervlrg suddenly^ It appeared tbat the brake give Way and refnsed to act, thus nearly causing a disaster.- Some of the passengers refused ts ride any further, and walked into Ballarat. A terribly narrow escape from a fatal accident occurrcd at Bunihyong On Saturday last, Two yonths, the eons-cf Mr A. C., Davies, of the firm of Bivies, Graham, and Co.; tanners, were -amusing themselves by shooting at objects with a revolver. Whilst engaged in-this pursuit, the younger lad, by some means or other, was shot in the bead by the other youtb, the occurrence, of course, being purely accidental. The bullet struck tbe lad on the side of the hfgbd, and then glanced upwards and off. --The elder lad was greatly alarmed at the occurrence, _and lost no time in taking his brother to bis borne. Medical aid was at once sought, and it was then foand that the injury, sustained was not. serious, and consisted merely of a rather severe abrasion of the scalp. A correspondent complains of the frequency of street" preaching opposite the Gillbway monument, and suggests tbat the City Gjuncil should instruct the police toput a atop to there nigbtly demonstrations, cr, at all events, limit each party to a ten minutes* occupation of the spot referred to. The Ballarat Gun Club handicap pigeonshooting match fakos place to-3*y-at fiuesell iqnare, commencing at «Ieven o'clpck. There ore over thirty eompetitors, including the crfick-sho^a --of the crHonyp"8n*i~~tfce ate in excellent condition. ' Cabs will, leave Craig's :bot41 and Xestorfc hotel at iitervals,- ifpr,; the convenieuos 'of competitors and vifutore,; '-''••'• • • !•-. A yery. cowardly attack on 6 Chinaman -was made yesterday, in Ballarat E»st. The Oriectal h&d; Jieea to see some i-ports st the Eastern t3val,;,ini3,' returning, was annoyed by. Bprn-j emall -boys. He - retaliated by, threatening io strike some of theih, when «ther bigger lads-eatniB to tbe rescue, and -a' large crowd of. them followed, bim .down. thestreet, -annoying bim in every possible way they could, whilst the unfortunate Chinaman: was almost -^frightened ont of his wits. A, <so&ai;»t>l 3 at - last, seeing the *tato of sffaire,. wc"t :'to the Chinaman's afsietaDce. and" escorted bim as^ar ae Barkly street,- tbat he ; migbt get rid of bis tormentrrs. It is a a few .-of- the young - blackguards ^were rot taken in charge and -punished - as they, d ^served to be. • , . . At the -Town Polioe Court yesterday Jnnrn-.: ingflgbt prisoners w?re ditposed of. Six of; them %tfte charged, with being found drunk in the strept^ and. tfce3eitW¥re jet off with a joaotion not to get drank again. William; M-Gavin/a^yontb-ninptf^en years of-age, was 5 charged with being illegaUy on tbe premiBes of Mr Smith, of Main street, «nd with being >drnnkand dlsorderlyat the same : time.'fThis yoapK fellow"iad:Jjeea' guilty. flfrWinst 3J«S graceful conduct, and was "remanded nntil Tbunday. next His father' afterwarift £!gned a cbargo tif '' tbat belnglaniaieaalfd disorderly pprson he..has .£6 lawful cvlfible means of eupporf agalnst Jtbe ^outh. wfeo,: it appeared, was' qnitfe beyondrpareutal'eontfol A dlareputsble iemttle'tisined- Marr Brooks wasaent to gaol for-thre6 montbe, at tratecT a vagrant. - -Mayor s-Walker-and': •Messrs Glenny and Ham 'Were the ^resiaiDg Jnagis? , Mr J. ^Oidie (president) and Meesrs Josephs, MOnfferty, Eiwarda, Hickman, ph,llipBi FerguaoD> "Shoppae, Murray, J. T. phlj|jpS> Curtis, and; Ham/ attended the ordinary meeting of the Benevolent Asylum committee last evening. ' From ths council of the ehlre of Ballarat, forwarding cheque for £50. which was reoeired with thanks. A letter from the Baninyongehlre Council Btated that the additional sum of £20 voted for the current year would be paid with the annual donation of £50 in tbe month of July nixt. It was decided, on tbe motion of Mr Phillips, that tbe committee insist on the payment of the £20 at present, failing which the Buninynngshire Council b' struck off until the council is in credit. The report of the deputation to the Government re the graut-in-aid was postponed. It was pointed outthat the money was promised for last year, and now the counoil showed them that they wunld still make tbe grant £50 only. The annual sports in aid of the Ballarat Public Library, held yesterday, were a decided success, and It is estimated about £100 will be realised for the deserving objeot, T. ere was a very large attendance, and everything passed off mostsatisfaotorily. The gentlemen w-;o assisted in the management of the affair, tsspucitlly the secretary, are to be complimented on their work, and the committee desire to thank, among others, Messrs Broadbent Brothers for their kind resistance. A report appears in another column. The railway traffic to and from Ballarat yesterday was greater than on any previous E.st.r Monday, and tbe arrangements under Statlonmasters Sinclair and Hayes, and staff were »>xc Ilvnt, all the trains bsing cleared with despatch, A concert in aid of the funds of the Ballarat Bospital was held at the Prince of Wales hotel,* Happy Valley, on Thursday eveoibg last, when MrA." Yonrg, M.LA., occupied the chair,' and there was a very good attendance. - Some good songs were rendered by Miss. Hart, Messrs T. Young, husband, J Blamire, W. Gordon. Mr B. Rankin gave three-of his favorite recitations, and as there were one or two gapB in the programme, the worthy obairman favored the audience with a couple of good old Sootch H niB. The concert was followed by a ball, and it is expected tbat the funds of the HotpitsiwU be benefited tp the extent of about £12 by the entertainment, a result which is in a great rreasare owing to the ezertlonB of Messrs MenhennStt and Fraser, who took an aotive part in making the necessary arrangements, The anniversary of the'Soandale Wesleyan Sabbath school was marked in the customary way by a public tea meeting in the church on Good Friday last, when the tea tables werepreslded over by the MisBes B. and M. Nl'Geachtn, Leckie, Matherson, and Clarkson (2).' The attendance waB tetter than usual, as tbe tables were twice filled before alt who came were supplied with the good things provided by tbe committee. A public meeting followed, whioh was presided over by Mr A. Young, M.UA., and addressed by the Revs. W. B. Hutohison and & E. Moore, and by Mr J. Z. Dsvey, the first superintendent of the school, and Mr Rumpling. The eobool cboir aleo sang a number of suitable musical selections in a very creditable manner, Oo Easter Snnday the Eev. D. & Lowe preached the anniversary sermons to large and attentive congregations, and on Easter Monday the children's picnic was held in Mr' Bird's paddock, where tbe teachers and scholars and their friends spent a very pleasant day. The Bev. B. Philp's friends in the Barkly street circuit have decided to have a parting cup of tea with him this eveningi before he leaves for his new circuit, at Clunes. The tea will take plaoe In the fteil street schoolroom. It is expected that a very large number will be present. A good number of Melbourne bicyclists rode to Bdllarat, via Bacchus Marsh, for their EUster tour on Good Friday. On Thursday evening,; Mr G. Upham, of the Normanby Bicycle and Tricycle Club, determined to make the trip by moonlight, the night being fine and clear. Leaving Melbourne at halfpast eight p.m., he overtook a dozen of the Bast Melbourne Club, with whom he rode to Keilor, where they put up for the night. Wishing them good sight at about a quarter to. ten, be hurrltd on for Melton, arriving there at twenty minutes p»t twelve. Seeing a light- within tbe hotel, a short stay was made for supper. Ou entering,' Mr Upham foj-.nd four of the Fernside cyclists, who had arrived there a short time previous, and wbo intended staying there for the night. The MeeJ steed was again set in motion, aiid Bacchus Marsh (haif-way) reached at.halfpast one am.. The famous Pentland Hills were then enoountered, which made travelling rather slow. At twenty minutes to four Mr Upham was met {near Myrniong) by Mr A. E,' Robarts, of this city, who rode out to meet him, taking with him sundry provisions, whicb were warmly welcomed by the former. After a short stoppage, the journey was resumed, Bailan being reached' about six o'clock. The road .from there to Gordon was found rather rough, though rideable. A halt was made at the Warrenheip springs for a refresher, prior to a final spin into Ballarat, which the two wheelmen entered at ten minutes past eight. ThiB Is the first trip from Melbourne to Ballarat which bas been accomplished by moonlight, the time being 11 hours 40 minutes. Mr Upham' bas ridden the same route twice previously by day. The Fire Brigades' Demonstration com ittee have b;en compelled to postpone their evening party, which they proposed to bold in the Alfred Hall on the- Sth instant. Iu conseque nce of the Blaster holidays a suitable baud could not be got "for the night fixed on. The committee have determined that tbe arty Bhall take place one evening next we?k, particulars of which will be advertised. - A fall of earth cccurred at Garland's claim, Haddon, last week, by which Mr E. Carland nearly lost bis life by being buried under a' block, of ground, .whioh fell around bim, and from wlvch it took some time to extricate him. Fortunately those who' went to bis'rescde were able to take the dirt off bis face at onoe and . let bim breathe, and thus saved hla life. DrS:ewart was called in, and he fousd that no serions injury bad been Inflicted; though some severs bruises had been made, which will be r;e vvered from in a few days. - Tbe Easter V fly " of the Ballarat Homing Club took, place yesterday from .Meredith. Sine b'rds accepted, and tbe match resulted in an exciting finish between W. Crossley's Commotion and H. Smith's Fleetwing—the places being filled by{ W. .Crossley's Commotion, first; H. Smith's FJeetwicg, second; H. Smith's Silver K^g, third. Time, 35 minutes; one minute separating first and seccnd "birds. Messrs H. Palmer and W. Thomas gave great satisfaction as judges; *ito Mr VP. 'Cooper, wbo'acted as jstarter. Tha winner will be shown on Satnrday night at the Eastern market. .A "happiness meeting" was held by the Salvation Army at the Little Bridge street barracks last evening. There was a large attendance, at>d tbe meeting was under the Conduct of Captain and Mrs Foote. ' Tbe woceedsjwere .lujua.;:of_ the *Bescii<jl- Sisters'. Home;* -T-Sesidee the officers -of the-»rjny, : several ..citiBsnG: tcok part in the meeting, and jdfltfrg the evening jeveraVo^ses of " eonvtraion" tivk-place, something of a sensation b ;irijp; c;Us?d by the loud fihoutiiig: and ^cUpplrg of hands of-jone woman in tbe enngregatioiC After, singing, acccmpuiied by >'tbe: baud, Mrs Po^te gave an addreas. in wlieb she related some of her experiences In Bomb?y. She slsoeang ahymn Inthe Hindoo language. Oaplain F. ate then announced "that two. graduates in H.M.G would favor tbe ='Bu3:cnce. with some melody. Messrs Dntbo and '-'Billy" MuFg^cve then appeared and sang a duet. . . The remainder of- the. evening was spent in addresses, principally .by. several gentlemen on tbe platform, the meeting being a very succeesfal tone. We have reoeived ajjrinted bill,' oontaininps lon^ speech delivered by tbe author, on ' "Thefuture, aa revealed inScriptnre.'" "This: le snct^er ofsthose productions wbieb.aim to clear up Sa inystery which :the Saviour press)y «t»ted, wb™ on eartb, that«oin»ti was ab!e?io:jmravel. Under this jiirenmstauce, such - prnduotlona rieam ^ npto be : little short of blasphemy.' - , ^4weddingwhiohiaioreate3;«on6iSerable Inte- estoii.S^ldip^HiU.tQok^place yeBter-! day, wben Mfas L'ly Anni9'Inpe,, daughter. 01 Mr "Ince, the well-fcnown tailor, united in' inarriage to Mr'S.'I)ixon, 'tbe bnlldlng jbontractor, well known^in BalUrst. -* The unaiiape-oeremony: was ^performed-rSiy jbe; Bev. -Mr Adenay . atthe ohurch. The bride was cbarmingly arrayed in white oasbmere - Wltb l)ri^eI»TO lm matcb,'wh5Ie'abe prides-: niil^i,tbe Mi tec® Bflla Dixon,; A. ,Tcce, E j aBd^i ^ •Itkttkeai very nice lu cream nun's filing ^witB iaoe j Aotnatcb. 3Sr-B. Inoe,: jun.iacted as 4>est J num.-After'the ceremony'Mr .and Mia Bixon,- with"iBomB fifty {pendi, aBBembled ! at Mr InoeVwhere a mmptooae repast was partaken of, and many good wiclies expressed i for the future welfare of tbe newly-wedded pair. who left in the evening for Newlyn, j where .they intend to spend the honeymoon, i The wedding presents were numerous and j costly, and bore evidence of the esteem in ' which the young lady WM held. ' Mr T. Greenwell, of Yorkshire Gaily, near; Brownsvale, visited' Smythesdale on Good Friday last, and brought with him his champion snake-killer, in the shape of a handsome fox-terrier, who 1B known to have killed at-least eighteen large snakes since his owner took up the reliction be is now re-; Biding on. Toe dogeeems to consider tbat be has a speoial vocatlon to rid the neighborhood of these dangerous vermin, for he will at any time leave a rabbit, or any other game, to kill a, snake, and the sagacious animal Is perfeotly aware of their dangerous, character, for he never aUows them to bite h(m him, and MH ttlwatrn always n.tnkuiUM catches them nx*- near" the V.n head, which he must instinctively know is the safest place One inebriate, the well-known Body Lamb, was dealt with at the City lock-up yesterday. Last night' three more toozy ones were locked up, Mr J Smith, of Macarthur street, has reported to the police tbat between tbe 25th of last month and the 3>'d of this month, his bedroom was feloniously entered, and gold and silver articles, in all valued at £8 10s, stolen.. A cable message was received in Melbourne on Saturday announcing, (Bays the Argtis) tbe death at Paris of Dr D. E. Wilkie, who left Viotoria with Mrs Wilkie and several members of their family in November last, OB a visit to the old country. The deceased was seventy years of age.. A narrow esoape from a fatal accident occurred (sayB tbe Creswick Advertiser) at the Lone Hand No. 2 mine on -Saturday afternoon. A young man named John Spence in endeavoring to cruss the shaft at the bottom was caught by >be descending cage. A trucker, who was on the.plat at the time, noticed the cage coming down, and called out to Spence, who instantly tried to drop between the b:wrers into the well. In this , ... ^ 3 . " lms ;N he did not succeed, and the cage came down on him. Fortunately, he dropped sideway across one of the ap. rturee, and only the left side of his t^dy-was exposed The trncker, seeing what had occuned, knocked to the engine-driver to stop the cage. This was done, and the cage was Immediately knocked a«y again, when Spence was released, and it was found he had escaped with oomparatively slight injuries to his left side. He was at onoe taken to the surface, and a conveyance procured to take him to the Creswick Hospital, whioh place was reaohed about half-past seven p.m. Dr Tremearne was in immediate attendance, and, having made an examination, found tbe left ankle and left wrist fractured. On Sunday evening Spence was in Urst- olass spirits, and doing well. At a meeting of tbe South Australian Trades and Labor Council on Saturday night, it was reported (says the Argus) that the Saddlers' and Harnessmakers' Soolety (employes) had submitted their price-list to the masters for a definite answer whether they would accept it or not; but no further intimatioD had been received. The matter was discussed, but a general disinclination was shown by.the speakers to countenance a strike, unlets as a last resource, especially as the trade is very dull. The maaterB will consider tbe position on Wednesday or Thursday. The Register's Albert goldfield correspondent (say6 the Argus) waruB diggers of ruBhing to that place till it has been more satisfactorily tested, and states that some newspaper reports have been most misleading. A little gold is still being got on the field, which may eventually prove a good one. Beoent occurrences in the detective branch of tbe public service have created (sayB tbe Telegraph) mucb dissatisfaction. There is a probability of the men applying for enquiry, or the appointment of another chief. The New Zealand Herald (says the Argus) states:—"Mr James Ashbury, eX'M.Pnfor Brighton, England, has purchased the Merivale estate, in Invercargill, for about £150,000. Mr Ashbury lately visited the King country, where he was warmly welcomed- by the natives, in recognition of the kindness shown by bim to the Maori embassy wben in England. The fact that be has made so large an investment in New Zealand is a healthy indication of the importance whicb the colony is assuming as a field for English capitalists." - Correspondents (eays the Argue) in the far nortb- eastern country write most enthusiastically of the effects of the recent floods. Oae who bad travelled 'over hundreds of mileB of it by 24th March says :—*' The country generally, right through from Silverton to Queensland, is looking grand—batter than for. many years. In some-placeB on the Mitchell tbe grass is over 3 feet high, and feed of all descriptions 1B abundant, and water is plentiful. It is expect d tbat the roads will beopen for the next two years for travelling stock. The .roads between Wiloanuia, Milparinka, and Tib)oburra are also in grand condition, so far as feed and water art concerned."* Sir Gerald Graham, wbo is in command of the forces which include the Australian contingent, it may not fce^eneraKy known (eayB the Herald}, wears the Victoria Cross. Lieutenant Gerald Graham, of the Boyal Engineers—now Major-General and K.C B.~ —won the cross "for determined gallantry Qt the head of a ladder party at the assault on the Bedan (Sebastopol) on the ISth June, 1855\. Further, devoted heroism in sallying out of the trenches on numerous* occasions anS bringing in wounded officers and men," An English paper (eays ihe Heraid) thns satirises tbe Foreign Officer—" It is rumoured tbat the'German flag was this afternoon hoisted over tbe Tower of London, after some previous correspondence with Her Majesty's Government. It is said thai a communication was first made to Lord Granville, stating that Germany had an ancient claim, dating from a settlement of Angles and Saxons, to regard thlB country as her c-ilosy, and a more rccant claim based on tbe G'.rman origin of the reigning Boyal Family, and on the existenoe of a large German colony in- the City and'in the Charing Cross hotel. Lord Granville Beems to have referred the comumnicat ; on, as raising a purely colonial question, to Lord Derby, and the latter is reported to have written in reply a despatch characterised by his usual fairness and moderation, to the effect that Her Majesty's Government had for eome time past been aware 4)f-tbe ancient claims, allnded to; that he hadalways regarded with lavrr the expansion of B8rpiany; and that if Germany would undertake to protcct British subjects in their trade and. commerce, and allow them equal rights with the Germans, be could «ee no objection to the proposed annexation. Unless, npwever, some satisfactory aesurance could be. given on the latter "point, Her Majesty's Government would feel compelled to regard the contemplated proceeding of Germany as an unfriendly act-. .ThiB rumor is officially denied, a circumstance whicb necessarily compels pa.to regard it With mors.apprehension |&au;'we.sheu'-d otherwise feel." Tie BaUarat Bntch»ra' CThScn will meet this even. j IngatGrahain'a.rbbnis, Campjetreet, at el^ht o'clock, to deal-wiOb buslress of Importance. , Ibeitijlrfl JoRtte nseetlni '.f the I.O.O.T., Rallarat East -lodge,' will be beld thls etenihg at " ^ . . . The -Bartly Street WeRlpyro Metbo*is<\- Chnrch anniversary tea and rubllc meeting take- cla«e n-*t Monoay evening, fed n'-t hut ni^ht, as stated in < «uradTerti?irgcolumne of Monday. A dejrree meelinK of the Pioneer and Billarat lodjtrs w<ll be held next Wednesday evening at elcbt o'c'ock to nominate r {Beers. The senond term of Mian doodle and Ulss Hnmphi-ey'a --preparatory:.ncbooT, ..JJgar. street, Soldiers' HH1. VilJ Ommer.ce nexf Thnrsday. Tbe date of entry for tbe .Sight Hou-a" Demonstration Sports has been extsnded nntil Wtdsesday nest. • ••"•j- 