OUR NEW YOPK LETTER. From oim own Coiiiir.si'oxrmxT.J NEW YOKE, 16th Octojieii. Just at this time the residents of Now York and of the Atlantic seaboard' generally are dis cussing with much satisfaction two ovonts of the last fortnight. . In the first place they havo seen ono of tho greatest engineering feats of the age successfully accomplished. Flood Rock been blown up," and an important obstruc tion to navigation' between New York and the East is removed. Flood Rook was an islet which lay in the channel of IIcll Gate, the passage connecting the harbor of Now York with Long Island Sound, and many a craft has come to grief on its jngged surface and sides. It was ono of several rocks, hut it was tho most ex tensive of tho entire lot, and its removal has been tho perplexity of many engineers. In 1876 a rocky projoction on tho shore near by, known as Qallett's Foint, was demolished to the great advantage of tho channel. The rock was honeycombed with shafts and tunnels, and 60,000 pounds of powdor and nilco- glycerlne were exploded simultaneously by means of cloe- tricity. Tho operation was successful, and the fragments of the broken reef were afterwards removed by grappling. Work began immedia tely upon Flood Rook, and General John New ton, the officer in charge of tiie enterprise, promised to complete it in six or eight years. Operations havo been suspended several times, owing to lack of tho necessary appropriations by Congress, and thus it happens that nine years have elapsed. But last week everything was ready ; an area of 9 acres of rock and nearly all of it under water, had been tunnelled and honeycombed until tho island formed a sort of catacomb, in which ono might easily loso his way. Only a small part of tho island was ordinarily visible, even in tho lowest tidos, and on this portion was tho shaft through which the excavation was begun, and whero all the debris of removed rock was hoistod to the light. A liugo derrick stood over this shaft, and below it was a boiler which supplied tho power for driving tho tun nelling engines and other necessary machinery. It was not. deomed expedient to romovo Ibis derrick, as it was needed until nil the explosives woro in their places, and its removal might derange some of the connections, end either causo a premature explosion, or prevent tho mino going of! at tho right time. 270,000 pounds of dynamite were distributed through tho pillars supporting tho rock and in the roof which they upheld, and oloctrio wires were laid so that tho wholo could ho exploded simultane ously. Many thousands of people assembled on tbc neighboring shore to witness the explosion ; the great number came from curiosity, hut the list of scientific men who had other than idle reasons for being present was very long. Every professor of chemistry, and every min ing or other engineer who could get away from his occupat ion or engagements, was there, and so were most of the prominent officials of the ad ministration at Washington. Evory place that commanded n view of the scene was blaok with people, whilo tho headquarters of General New ton, at Hulielt's Point, directly opposite Flood Rock, contained a distinguished array of in vited gnosts, It hnd been announced that Hie mino would he fired at eleven o'olock exactly, nnd at that time all oyes were fixed ou the spot. But matters were not quite ready, and it was thirteen minutes past the "hunrwhon the 9 acres of water covering tho rock were lifted into tho air, aud tho dorrick topplod over and lay half concealed among the tUbrii. For two or three seconds the mass of water rcscrablod an iceberg nt a distance ; the water was foreod up in plaoes ton height of nearly 200 feet, and wn6 as white as the spray of tho ocean. As I looked ou it from the neighboring solidity' of Ward's Island it recalled tbo goysorB of Ieeluud or Cali fornia, or a section of tho snowy rango of the Alps as one viows it from tho top of the Rigi. What a pity it ooiild not have been congealed where it stood and held thero for a few months. It would havo deserved a pilgrimago from all parts of the world. Tho rock is brokon into fragments, 'which will ho removed by dredging. . Some of tho fragments arc inconveniently large, but they can bo subdivided without much troublo. You can understand tho lihrgnitudo of the .work when you know that it will tako six yonrs to compioto tho dredging. If nature failed to favor us when she strewed tho clmnnol with rooks she has not been altogether unkind, as sho left a bole 120 foot deop not 500 yards away from Flood Rook and Hallett's point. Into this hole all tho debris of tlio lattor place has been dumped without any material change in the depth, and it can ro coive tho wholo of Flood Rock, nnd still havo 60 or 80 feet to sparo. Tho removal of tho rooks in Hell Gato has been tho ocoasiou of many irreverent jokes between tho newspapers of Boston and Now York. Tho latter aver that it is sololy to accommodate Boston that Hell Gato is tobemado wider, whilo Boston doolaros Now York is sntisflod with " tho narrow path," but longs for tho "broad road." Jesting iiaido, the advantage to our coast commfinication iB very groat, and both Boston and Now York will ho vastly houo- flted. I remark, by the way, that tho name "Hell Gato" does not mean what 3011 might supposo. The placo was called 11 Hollo Gat'1 by one of. tbo oarly Dutch navigators, on account of the beauty of the scenery along its banks, but the practical Englishman, who followed tho Dutch man, ran upon tho rocks aud corrupted the namo into its present form. It was a girl's hand that hurled Flood Rook into tho air whou tho rcof at Hallett's Point; was blown up. In 1876 tho koy ytas toucliod by tho youngost child of General Newton ; Bhe was then throe years old and is now a iniss of twelve. When all was ready last Saturday, the Bame hand— tiny tlion, and only a littlo less tiny now— depressed the key and completed tho circuit through tho net work of wires. It was tho greatest affair of the kind over made (so say the engineers), tho only explosions exceeding it having been acoidontal. . The uusciontifio public had groat fears for the result, and mauy persons living in tho neighborhood thought they woro to bo blown out of house nnd home. General Newton and his staff believed differently, and said tho only harm that would result would bo tho falling of plastering whero it was loose, or some other slight mishap ; tho explosives would expend their forco- in shattering the rock, and could not go around dealing destruction generally, and the result was exactly as they predicted. Tho ground shook as though in a slight shock of an earthquake, but that was nil ; 110 a dozen . square yards of plas tering were thrown down,' perhaps 50 panes of glass were broken, hnd in tho neighboring vil lage of Astoria two unused and ancient chimnoys woro crumbled to tho ground. The whole island of Mnnbnttau, on which Now York is built, felt tho shock, but nobody was hurt in person or property. General Newton may oxr plodo a thousand tons of dynamite nt his next performance, and wo shall havo confidence that ho will coniino it within proper bounds. Another experiment interesting to the scien tific world, and to us in particular, as we want defences for our port, is going 011 in New York Harbor — the trial of a gun throwing dynamite. As is well known, this powerful explosive is sent off by concussion; consequently a shell charged witli it cannot be fired from a gun like an ordinary shell filled with powdor. It has been tried several times with unsatisfac tory results, as it demolished tho gun ovory time, nnd guns cost money. Lieutenant Zaiin- ski, of the U.S. army, has invented ngnn for firing dynamite shells. It is a lubo of iron and wood, lined witli brass, and the propulsive forco is supplied by atmosplierio air com pressed to a pressure of 1,000 pounds to the square inch. The air is lot into tho tube through a series of valves. It starts the shell gently, and increases tho speed to something near that of a cannon ball before tho imizzlo 0: tho gun is reached. At recent experiments shells charged with dynamite, and others with nitro-glyccrine, were thrown a mile and a quarter with perfect success. They were ar ranged to bo exploded by contact with a target or 011 touching the water, and as they con tained 100 pounds of these high explosives thoso who are familiar with tho performances of dynamite or nitro-glycerino can imagine tho result, if tho target had been a hostilo ship trying to make her way into our harbor. A battery of dynamite guns ought to blow up an entire' fleet without half trying, provided al ways tho fleet will corno near enough for uso of the new weapons. What with torpedo boats, iron clads of divers kinds, IGO-ton guns and his latest diabolism of dynamite throwing, the art of war is certainly one of the dangerous practices of tho age. In tho business world since my last there has been a continuance of cheering signs, and not only signs but a great deal more. Factories and foundries aro resuming operations ; prices arc advancing ; workmen receive better wages ; and tho stock speculation o f Wall-street has taken an upward turn. Gambling in stocks may he taken as nil ovidence of prosperity. Wheuerer times are good the lambs come for ward for tho slioaring as regularly as the changes of the moon or tho procession of the equinoxes, and certainly their plaintive bleats aro far more audible now than they were a twelvemonth ago. Tbo volume of daily trans actions is doubled ; tho brokers that haunt tbc olubs aro increasing their orders for bar and restaurant, aud many who for months have tasted notliing stronger than beer are now solaoing their thirst with champagne. It is an off year in politics generally, though the Slato elections of Ohio, Now York and a few other States servo to keep up some of the interest nnd afford chanco for talk. Ohio lias just gono Re publican, and New Y'ork is pretty certain to do so when her thue comes, a fortnight lionco, though notliing can bo surely counted Upon before the votes aro all in. Tbo past few years havo made a great change in political methods throughout tho country, and tho Mugwump occupies a front placo. Perhaps you may ask what a Mugwump is. Well, he is the independent voter, who re fuses to bo held by party allegiance, fealty, or any other shibboleth, hut labors in behalf "of tho caudidato whom ho considers the best, without regard to party linos. Two years ago groat numbers of Republicans wore dissatisfied with tho way their caudidato for governor in Now York was nominated ; thoy stayed away from tbo polls altogether, or yotod for the de mocratic nominee. . Tho same thing happened throughout tho ' country in tho presidential election last year . many thousands of Republi cans distrusted Mr. Blaine and his surround ings; they were derisively called Mugwumps, an aboriginal term equivalent to " hicocka- lorum" or "swell." Thoy accepted the appella tion and adopted it, nnd now wo' may bo said to have , throb political parties,- Republicans. Do; mocrats, anil Mugwumps. Down to this autumn tho. Mugwumps wore nearly all drawn from tho Republican ranks, but just-now the Democratic managers iu this Stato havo made| a bad nomination, and, many intelligent Demo crats have become Mugwumps, and will .vote the Republican ticket, or will not vote at: all. All or nearly all' tlio Republicans who wore Mugwumps last year are how hack in U10 ori- ginal fold, and as Olevelatul was elected pros! dent by tho aid of Republican Mugw umps so Davenport is likely to bo chosen governor ol New York, by tho aid of Democratic 01103. Iloncoiorth party lines will not bo so closely drawn, nnd thero. is a prospect of purer politics in future, whou it is known that Ilia best men of either party will voto with the other sido when tho management of their own party is unwise or dishonest. Hitherto the adherents of tho Democracy could be almost universally relied, upon to vote their party ticket without question, nnrl tho most ol tho "kicking" was done by Republicans. Now that the Democrats have taken to kicking, hnd aro doing it vigorously, the managers of both parties will be more cautious in their methods, and will give us better men and measures. Rascals may not bo altogether eliminated from politics— nothing short of a millennium could do that — bnt they must take a hack seat Tho great lawyers of New York are having a royal timo just now in tho contest of wills in volving vast amounts o£ money. Several cases of this kind havo boon before tbo courts in the past few months ; tho most important and re- cent havo been those of the estates of Jesse Hoyt and John Anderson. Mr. Hoyt was a wealthy merchant, who left an erratic daughter, for whom he thought ho had made ample pro vision before devising tho bulk of his property to other persons. Sho seeks to break his will on the ground of undue influence, and tho trial of the case in court has displayed an amount of soiled linen sufficient to give profitable occupa tion to a first class laundry. Tho case turns 011 tho insanity of the daughter, and as the argu ments on each side have taken several days, you'can readily understand that tho testimony was voluminous. John Anderson made fame and fortune through tho manufacture of smoking and chewing tobacco ; when his prosperity began, nnd he set up a private carriage, it was said that his crest on tho door of tho vehicle displayed tho motto quid rides. In his case the validity of the will is challonged on tho ground of his insanity, and the testimony shows that ho used to see ghosts and all sorts of uncanny, things. - To wards the end of his days lie complained 01 being visited by tho spook of Mary Rogers, the pretty cigar girl whoso mysterious murder half a cen tury ago was tho sensation of tho day, and furnished Edgar A. Poo with tho plot of his story The Mystory of Mario Roget What ever may bo the result, the lawyers arc- certain to profit by these contests, as their leer nro large, and thoy tako care to secure their payment before going on with a case, it has become tho fashion to dispnto the will of a millionaire, even ou tho slightest pretext. Tho business has been somewhat checked in tho Stato by a law passed a few years ago which prevents the fees of tho contestants being paid out of the estate when the contestant is de feated. Under this rulo tho heir, who is cut off with a shilling or nothing at all, cannot bring suit unless ho has monov to begin tho fight with or his case is so clear that ho can secure ' counsel on a contingent fee. But when the contestant has. an ample provision to start with, ho has 110 trouble in getting into court, and this is tho position ot things in tho impor tant suits just monlloned. A Hibernian might say that if a rich man wants his name to rest in peace his best plan would bo to die poor. 