A MUSICAL BARBER. A few days ago I entered the pleasant apartments occupied by my friend the barber. The chairs were all filled but one at the rear end of the shop, and being somewhat in a hurry, I did not stop to take especial notice of the operator, but I wish now 1 had looked before I leaped. I wanted my hair cut, and jest as I got comfortably seated iu the chair, I cast my eyes up into the mirror before me, and it was then that I first beheld that tbe operator was — well, he is one of the proprietors of a popular orchestra in this section of the county, and plays the violin, and occasionally assists his partner in prompting. He had been ont all the night before playing for a country dauce, which may possibly have accounted for the strange proceed ings which followed. He tucked the long bib neatly around my neck and waded in. For the first five or ten minutes nothing unusual occurred, bat standing in close proximity to a red hot coal stove had made my friend somewhat drowsy, and the next time I looked in the mirror, I saw, to my surprise, that his eyes were closed, but so accustomed had he become to his work, that he went on as though nothing had happened. Suddenly he yelled out, ' Balance at the head !' and simultaneous with the ex clamation, the sharp pointed shears went sometMng less than an inch into my sknll I tried to vacate the chair, bnt he held one hand firmly on my breast, and sang ont again, ' Down the center !' This time he took a side sweep as though bearing down on the bass string, and the shears clinched on the upper corner of my left ear. About this time my heart was in my month, and visions of terrible crimes danced in my head, bnt the more I exerted myself to escape, the tighter became hfe grasp, and the walls of the shop echoed with ' Balance all !' 'First lady swing with the right hand gent,' 'Lady in the centre and seven hands ronnd,' ' Balance to corners.' Lady to the right and gent to the left,' ' Forward all,' ' Join hands and circle to the right,' ' Grand right and left !' it seemed to me he was going through tbe entire category of changes before he let up. All this time, mind you, his shears were keeping time with the music, and he imagined the clippers were a bow and my head the violin. I suppose by his motion that he conld see tbe fairy forms flitting about the ball-room floor. It was a vile proceeding, I admit, and when he recovered from the attack, my bead resembled the carcase of a scalded hen, or the quills upon the back of a fretful porcupine, that Spokeshere sings abont. Talk of a family man losing bis hair ! Great Caesar's ghost, partner, if yon want a foretaste of the infernal regions mixed np with an experience that will last yon a lifetime, get yonr hair cnt some day by a barber whe fiddles nights and cats hair in his sleep in the day time. That is what caused these courtplaster patches on my head, and my prayer is that the Wisconsin few-makers will this winter pass a law, making it a state prison offence for a barber to play a violin. And our afflicted friend wiped a tear from his eye and accepted an invitation to take a bowl of beef tea in an adjoining saloon.- —Janesville Recorder. 