Sliaj 9i»tc«. BV liAIlNACLKS. Dinnie must feel very uucouifor,- table if he is treated iu other towns similar, ly to wlmt he was here. A couple of tbe puldicuns refused to accommodate liim tlu-ougli something that appeared in priut, but I wan under the imjpressiop - that they feared lio bed iu tho house was large enough. 1 went to his entertainment, but as the Irishmen have it, ''Car.the weight liftmgit was mighty stole." A white headed boy sang, but so paltry was the attempt, that 1 was strongly impressed with the words of Coleridge :— Swaus sing before they die : 'twere no bad thing, Should certain persons die before tbev 4 sing. The writer for your contemporary at Mori chison must indeed be a gifted rftinmp, at least I should imagine so from th* rvptj? ht made to my paragraph in which ' I atatfcd that .the Nagambieites were the ahampiooft of the Goulburn VaUey at football. Wkat s^ploah'he niust hare made into the ink* bottle when he wrote:—"Though uu the field there is yet time for the Murohimu boys to prove that they are quite goo^ enough for Nagambie, for Whom ' liarnaolei' in last week's Times claims the honour of champions of the Goulburn Valley. "Qur boys," however, niUBt not take any notice of Barnacles,'-, whose head seems to be oom* pletely turned by the " Ghost of Uu old; aohool,' of which he has written ao much of late." Imagine ye gentlf readen of the Advertiser how my feelings must be wonnded Not being satisfied with taking my nam* is vain, he actually says that the ghost has. "turned my head." Sorely he most h*v» meant brain, for my nose still points to my toes. What a state of confnaion my aHetv tion must have thrown him. into when he made such a mistake as tofaay that " I wrote about the ghost," and he forgot, perhsj^ purposely to prove that my statement .was incorrect, but gave the &furchison; boys a gleam of hope that they might retrieve last, laurels this season. A little girl who happened to eee tbe fight which took place near Nagambie OBt Sunday last, was not long at home when, her mother, a devout lady, said;— . For what purpose ..'did . God- Sunday ?" Child—"For fighting." Mater—- 4I XonBiince,JoIiild, it's a day upoi^ which we rest.*' Child—*' Yes, after every round.V - Mater—"What are.you -talking about? you never sawpeople fighting on Sundays.'*- Child—"Oil' yes. mama, I<lid." . Mater—"They couldn't -have- been in earnest." " - "' • '' -' Child—" No, they were in Lory's lone." Mater—"Yen know it' was never intended that we should fight, our arms and eyes, were made for a better ^inrpoee." ' ' Child—" And our noses too, mama." "Quite right, my.'chQd, and what -m^ out noses made for Child-?-"To'smeil- 'if- thp poHce. n. coming." ' The 'mothar got dlsjgu'sted and seat tta, : 1 child to bed. ".'.,""..' •"" ' 