Meat Food for Nervous People. Pork is good for nervoua persons, but is not easily digested. Wild game is excellent. Fish is good for nervous people. Eggs boiled juat enough to harden the white are easily digested. It is amiatako about people eating too muoh. Tho maioritv do nofc oat ennnnh. Nervous dyBpepsia comes from working too hard and not eating enough. When a man begins to suffer from overwork ho should oat plenty of good bread and bntfcor, drink two quarto of milk a day, and eat plenty of good meat. When auoh a parson rosorta to a vegetable diot hp growa woaker and loses his norvo power. At a meeting of tho Anthropological Insti tute, Mr. James G-. Fraoer read a paper on ' Certain Burial Oahtoms, as illusfcrativo of tho Primitive Theory of tho Soul.' ' Tho Romans had a castom that when a man who had been reported to hava died abroad jro turned homo alive, he should enter his houso, not by tho door, but over the roof. This cufltom (whioh is Btill observed in Persia) owed its origin to oortain primitive beliefs ond onatoma with regard to tho dead. Tho ghoat of an unburicd man was supposed to haunt and molest the living, eBpooially his relatives, llonco tho importance aUachsd. to tho burial of tho dead, and various precautions wore takon that tho ghost should not return. Whon tho body of a doad man could hot bo found, ho waa buried in cfligy, and tbia lay Uio wandering ghoat, for it is a prinoiplo of yrimitivo thonght that what ia done to tho ctfigy of a man is dono to tho man himnolf. Tho Dirootor read a paper by Admiral F. S. ??Jrcmlott, on tho ' Sculptured Dolmens ot tho Morbiuau' (North-west Franco.) About 80 sculptures had been ,'nund, invariably on tho interior surfaces of tho oiifi-stonos and thoir oupporta. It ia romarkablo tlftji-Jboy aro con fined within a diBtanoo of about 13 'niJJjja, ami aro^ all situated noar tha eeaooaot, boynnd' whioh,_ although tbo megaliths ara'nnmeroua, thero is a complota abnonoo ot Bonlpturoa. Tho Boalptnroa vary in intrioaoy, from uimp! wave-lines and oup-markinga, to somo thaf have beon oomparod to the tattooing ol t- Now «5oaland.or&, — Knmolalgot 