SIR JAMES MARTIN OR . ,:.OHRISTIAOTTY.. TO THE EDITOR OP TIIB DAILY TEttEQRAPH. t Sir, — I beg you will nllow mo at once to con root tbo misprint, "Boyla" for "Davie" it my lotter in to-day's issue. I do not wish te bo tbonght bo ' absurd as to havo impnted un belief in Obristianity to Robert Boyle, the natural philosopher, who founded tho "Boyle lectures " for tho demonstration of the truth ot the Christian religion. I meant Plene Bayle, whose scepticism is celebrated. Again, touching Sir C. Trevelyan and Hucauiay's belief, instead of "ho appears to have thought itbottor to do tho reverse, which u still common on this subject in England. 1 wrote, " to uso tho reserve." On referring to Robert Hall's worts in 021 Sublio library, I havo fonnd that- Sir Jama Cartin's. extracte nro, as I conjectored, ton that great, orator's sermon on " Modem Inn- dclity Considered." In viow of Sir Jamei ruling as' . to : tho " dogmas _ which ton an essential part- of . Christianity, j' le curious to learn from Br. Gregoivi memoir of Hall that tho great BaptUt preacha did not believe in tho personality of the Holjf Spirit till ho was SB yeare old. "It was not, says Dr. Gregory, "until 1800 that he pnHidf included the personality of tho Holy Spmtn hie statemente of the doctrino ot splntoi! a- fluonco." And a friend of Hall's, who to' him intimately sinco 1708 to 1796, says tint 1 that period his creed was ' imperfect, wenuri ! tho personality of tho Holy Spirit." , With regard to Locke, one of three 1 pn- names on which Hall relics bo much, I anl a the extracts from his "commonplace hoot, published in his life by Lord Kmg,thefmleH passage concerning the Trinity r- .There » scarcely one text alleged to tho Trie'tirim which is not otherwise expounded bv tou own writers. There bo a multitude of ttoi texts that deny those things of Christ wno cannot bo domed of Ood, and that affimi w things of Him that cannot agree to Hta u J" were a person of God: in like manner 01 m Holy Ghost." (II. vol., p. 103.) Again. J" divinity of tho Holy Spirit was net believe or, as I think, so much as mentioned, by any tho time of Lactantluo " (a.D. 800). W will also bo glad to learn that Locke d» bollovo In the eternity of tho punlahtnenWl. widced, but thought, nnllko Fredcnck.Denjs® Maurieej.thnt they would In process of j after . certain... punishment In hell, .be snai irnated.— txoura, <so.t . , .. August , 14. ' : INQDIBEB. 