TUBf TATTLE. The New Z-slander, Thunderbolt, fe pleas log tbe touts across tbe border. Lobd Falmouth was an extensive purchaser at the Newmirket blood-stock Bales. The admirers of tbe Derby colt Cairo will be glad to bear (hat be is doing well. Hone yd ew and Kathleen are tbe beet favourites for tbe Hawkesbury Handicap. « Midwinter, tbe well-known oricketer, is one of the latest additions to the ranks of tbe metallicians. The winning sine on Saturday were Darriwell, Slanderer, Englishman, Ebor, and Maribyrnong. Cosrigan bad anything bnt a pleasant time of it on Wymlet, wbo frequently came In contact with the timber. Cope came with a great rash on Edith in the Sapling Stakes, and caused the backers of Mr. Jj, £. Smith's filly no little anxiety. « The breeder of Granville wae on tbe course, and was much pleased with the borse's euccess, although he did not win a chilling over bim. Saiotv Cracenbll's rash on Bohemian In the Balaolava Stakes was worth witnessing, and was appreciated by all— except, perhaps, the backers of Too Too. The death of another old jookey Is an nounced, John Bumby, who piloted Alice Hawthorn to victory in tbe Chester Cop of Ib42, having passed away. The Australasian Live Stock Insurance Company dropped a bit over the Steeplechase, as Minerva, who bad to be destroyed owing to ber fall, was insured for £400. Ekeegy, by Sterling out of Cherry DucbetB, who was purchased at Mr. Manton'e sale for 4000 guineas, won the July Cup at the Newmarket meeting. F. Archer rode him. Huht never left off riding Granville nntil the post wae passed. But for his persevering horsemanship, Lidy Ashton would probably have been returned the winner of ibe Steeple chase. » # Darbiwbll, the Melbourne Cup winner of 1879, is the sire of Louise Berta, whose friends did not make much of a mistake, after all, when they heavily backed ber at Moonee Valley. Louise Berta, the winner of the Sapliog Stakes on Saturday, is not in tbe Great Foal I Stakes, but she ia engaged in the Maribyr nong Plate, Normanby Stakes, and Aseot Vale Stakes. I | At-.t. trne sportsmen will learn with regret ' that Mr. C. M. Lloyd is in bad health, and I will be obliged to take a trip to the old- | country. His fine station Yamma is adver tised for sale. | » « The jumping mare by Argus Scandal — ; Phyllis, who has shown great promise over j the elieke, broke her neck yesterday when j being schooled by Chaston, who luokily | escaped unhurt. I F. Abcher still heads the list of winning jockeys. He has 111 wins to his credit ; then come C. Wood with 65, G. Barrett ! with 46, A. Giles with 40, J. Watts with 36, and F. Barrett with 35. i k | Notwithstanding the unfavourable stat£ I of the weather, the popularity of the Caul- 1 field meeting was more than sustained, tho i receipts being 30 per cent, in excess of those i for tbe same day latt year. j . ! Folly, wbo has been heavily backed for I tbe Hawkesbury Handicap, has done great I things on the training tracks. It is eaid that she has eclipsed Urslia'a ri:.:e, which was nearly equal to Grand Flaneur e beet. « # A HAXiT-sisTEB to The Bard, wbo has had j extraordinary success at borne, was secured by Mr. K. Feck at tbe Iwcrne monster sale j for 1600 guineas. Feck, it may be added, whs one of tbe largest buyers at tbe different sales. I hear (ecys r. writer in Truth) that three firms of bookmakers won upwards of £40,000 at the Ascot meeting ; and that their gains, large though tbey were, would have been prodigiously increased if Bendigo had been beaten in lhe H&idwicke; Stakes. ' » The Ghost, wbo was greatly fancied for the Hurdle Race, and ia doubles with Luetic, soon put his hackers out of their misery by coming a cropper in front of the grand-stand. I scarcely think that this was tbe fault of either hore6 or rider, as just as The Ghost took off, tbe hurdle, which had beeu hit by another horse in front, re bounded, &ud;, puzzling thecbesnut, brought him down. v M. O'Brien, the crack jockey, had a new experience last week. He was having a quiet ride on Vanderbilt, when tbe American millionaire suddenly jumped the wing of a hurdle at Oanlfield. The result was that be took a fall out of Mick, wbo fouud himself seated on tbe tnrf. It was very funny to observe the amused and surprised look on bi6 coun tenance as be contemplated the horse and the hurdle. W. Newhousb, once known as tbe demon light-weight, recently died in St. Giles work house. He only weighed 4st. when he won tbe Chester Cup on Our Mary Ann. He used to back bis own mounts for large sums, and on one occasion lost £2000 on his mount, who finished second for tbe Manchester Cup. Latterly be wae quite deetitute. Mr. Arthur Cooper and Fred. Archer paid tbe funeral expenses of tbe deceased. # The home blood -stock sales were in fall swing when the mail closed. Mr. Chaplius vtarlinge brought an average of 1630 guineas each. Mr. R. Peck gave 3900 guineas for a filly by Hermit out of Ade laide, the price -being tbe largest ever paid for a yearling filly. Previously the highest prico was 3GOO guineas, fetched by a sister to the above in 18S2. Other fillies by Hermit fetobed 3059. 000, and 2300 guineas re spectively. Mr. S. Darling bought tbe first, and Mr. R. Peck tbe other two. A colt by Galopin out of Lightning fetched 2100 guineas; and one by Hermit out of Assegai, 1350 guineas. It was eaid that Mr. Peck wae acting for Mr. Abington. . Tee Northumberland Plate was won by the favourite, Blue Grass, who was ridden by Giles. The following story ia told of Giles, wbo believes in having a good dinner with the "missus and kidsn on Sunday, no matter how much he has to waste in conse quence on Monday. It appears that the week before Ascot Mr. Mackenzie, the owner of Child of the Hist, met Giles, and asked him how the hone ran in the Two Thousand. Giles was astonished, as Child of the Mist was ridden by Wood, but he was . not above giving his opinion. Giles rode, and gained an easy victory. "Thank you Tery much, Wood, for the way yon rode the hone,' said Mr. Mackenzie, after the jockey had returned to the scale. "Im not Wood, sir Fm Giles,' replied the jockey. Mr. Maekensie has a bad memory for faces, and this was the secret of Giles winning mount. In the next raoa Wood rode. 