CAULFIELD TRAIMIMG HOTES. Br " Early BIRD/' rure weather has prevailed daring the week, and the traoks being in capital order, some good work h&B; been done. Two of tbe unlucky animale who figured in the late Cap collision, Kiogsbip and Too Too, are abont again. The former, as will be seen, has done good work, while the latter haa been taking quiet walking exeroise. An operation wae performed on Sardine daring tbe week, and I am informed he is progressing favourably. The following have done strong work on tbe graBS track on the mornings set apart— viz., Thursdays and Saturdays Orlando, Mosaifaoe, and Bonny Lad onoe round on Saturday. The Utter ran half a mile with the two-year-olds. Lord Chancellor mad Don Giovan. Master Pinetop three rounds, improving to good pipe-opener the last time. Banker and Buby long strong work, oonpled with some schooling, in whioh they performed satisfactorily. Lady Ashton sound work the heat part of two rounds. Freeze Out and Prince Regent three rounds on the sand, the last time at a good pace. Gaselier, on Saturday, was put over the hurdles, all of whioh she took in good style, with one exception. Thursday saw her do a good useful round ; this mare is pretty well. Bosworth haa dooe useful work ; on Satur day he went a couple ofi miles, being a bit pumped when be pulled up. Land League a sharp five furlongs, her atable oooapaiiioa (Olriia); doing a half mile in good style. Real Jam covering a cirole at a good paoe. Kingship galloped a mile and a half. Parody covering a mile and quarter, mak ing the pace a cracker the first half of the journey, Fitzroy easily disposing of her for the remainder of the distance. Trishna spurted for half a mile. Sparkle going about half-pace. Blink Bonny has done mild exercise, brush ing home the last three furlongs. Hippogriff being similarly treated from tbe five furlongs. Grace Darling, -on Saturday, was sent a useful round. Tbe Ghost and Nuncio striding along for a mile; up to this these three had been doing mild exeroise. Tbe Bohemian being treated to a strong mile. Meerschaum to three-quarters for useful work. General Jaokaou doing a good serviceable round both days. Waverley aooompaoied him on Saturday. Astronomer and Robin ha>ve put in strong work in company. Solo covered a mile, and on Thursday he strode along in company with the two-year- old, Garibaldi, who is shaping a lot better of lata Manxman II. and Duloet have been going well for half a mile. uamenne ana i>tiio aorag a rouuu in company at a useful pace. Day Star and Dexter have been oantering and spurting for three furlongs. Chandos doing three f nrionga strong. Albanus, Mountain Laos, and Iehmael doing useful exercise under five furlongs. Umberto was treated to a Btrong mile. The Maribyrnong oandidate, Louise Becta, doing a strong five furlongs with Melodious. Lizette running a useful rouod on the sand on Saturday. Lando was sent a serviceable mile. Clansman potting in a roond for gool work. Warfield medium paoe. Manxman being restricted to walking exercise. Ooulist steady. Idle Boy to a strong ronnd. Csdland a sharp half mile. Phoebe, the Mary Gladstone fiUy, and Douglas have been shaping satisfactorily in company for half a mile, the latter finishing up with some good work alone. Rottcrncian and Townley have been doing medium-pace work. Grettan long exercise in sweaters. Master John and Distiller good work over half a mile, the latter striding on alone for a serviceable round. Violet and First Pop brushed along for five fnrlongs. Sweet Marion, long, qnlet exercise. JLionis, Btrong over nva luriongs. Sydney, medium to half paoe. Amoe, sharp five furlongs (the Don Giovanni horse). Fitzroy has . been jumping the big stioke sticks well. Tbe M&rqats; of Waterford being treated to quiet exeroise. Mr. Kerr's oolt by The Diver has joined Mr. Beuoe's string. Tuesday. A beautiful morning. Bosworth, soon after five o'clock, was sen£ good striding work twioe roond, Real Jam running the last mUe and a quarter with him. Lord Chaooellor easily disposed of Don Giovan over half a mile. Kingship, who looked well, ran & useful ronnd, easily beating Bonny Lad home from the mile. Parody and Sparkle ran a strong mile in eompany. Trishna brushed along for four or five furlongs. Gasalier pot in a useful ronnd, galloping strong and well Freeze Out and Prince Regent finished np some mild exeroise with a sharp half -mile. Orlando doing a mild turn or two on the and. Lady Ashton, after a medium ronnd, moved along for some serviceable work. Mountain Lass and Albanus galloped in company for a mile. Blink Bonny eovered a circle at good half- paoe. Hippogriff doing likewise. Melodious was treated to sharp six fnr longs. I Waverlev and General J aokson put in some ' goodnsefnl striding work on the und. f Violet brushing along for half a mile on ) the fc&rne; track. I Tle Stag did a strong ronnd outside the I hurdle?. i Lizette finished eome long, qniet exeroise with a sharp round on the sand. Louis did useful work on the sand. Mozart made his first eppeacanoe since the Gup, and was sent a ronnd for good striding work. The Mary Gladstone filly and the Brides- I maid oolt epurted together for three fnr longs, the latter moving on to tbe sand for some half- peee work. Phcebe Walton and Dooglas came home jom the half-mile sharply, the latter com- pletlu J 0rck a,one for good work. Umb«In .c?rere(3 the best part of a round at good wotb.'0 5?NP\ Mao x man Mn Odmenne strode along for Hffp 1ryr\nnam Id Dulcet brushed along for half a mile, : Ditto befog treated to long work lo sweaters. Meerschaum was dmpatohed for good work over five furiong. Warfield csotered, finsefcing tbe h'vt three furlongs about half -pace Astronomer mid Master" Pinetop pot good efroog round. Towc&y;, The CM, Rosicr&eian;, Ooulisf#- Ishmael, and Gratton were all doing grand exeroise cn the sszd, the lather finishing jwi'h a spurt. Distiller bad Plympftn the firs& on half of Ae circle, and Master John the lost half- male, for good striding exercise. Louise Berta ran a useful five fadings. Solo and Garibaldi ran home strong from the half-mile. Chandos and Mabel Grey were oanUsfag. Chelia ran a sharp hslf -mile.- Grace Darling pat in a good serviceable ronnd' alooe. The Ghost, Nuocio, and Gadfly brnsfied home from tbe five furlongs. Sydney and Tbe Direr colt canteredl 