DALJJOLIX INTELLIGENCE. VICTORIA. RCHDIOCESE OP MELBOURNE. DAY OF DEVOTION. Wednesday, being the Feast of S3. Simon and Jude, Apostles, will be a day of devotion. J'AST DAV. Saturday, 31st October, being the vigil of the Feast of All Saints, will be a fast day. MONTH OF MARY. The Devotions for the Month of Mary were continued in the principal ohurohes during the past week. The spiritual lecture each evening at the Cathedral was delivered by the Very Rev. Dean Donaghy, and at St. Francis' by the Rev. C. Sheehan. H09MTAL SUNDAY. The annual collections in, aid of the charities assisted from the Hospital Sunday Fund will be made to-morrow in all the ohurohes. At the Metropolitan Church the preacher at the 11 o'olook Mass will be the Very Rev. T. Cahill, S.J. The choir will render on the occasion, for the seoond time, Haydn's Mass No. 4, with full orohestral accompaniment. The principal vocalists will be Signora Coy, Signora Venosta, Miss O'Hanlan, Signor Coy, Mr. W. Gainor, and Mr. W. R. Furlong. Mr. E. King will lead the orohestra, Herr Leibermann preside at the organ, and Mr. Furlong act as oondnotor. At St. Francis', in the forenoon, the preaober will be the Rev. P. F. Shaffrey, O.C.C. The choir of that Church, under the conductorship of Mr. A. Piumpton, will render Gounod's Mine Solonndk, with full choir and orchestra. The principal vocalists will be Mrs. Armstrong, Mr. Armes Beaumont, and Mr. L. S. Daniel. Mr. Weston will be leader of the orchestra, and Madame Tasca will preside at the organ. Mrs. Armstrong will sing the Inflamrnatus, and Mr. Beaumont the Cujua Animam, both from Rossini's Stabat Mater. ARRIVAL OF CLERGYMEN. By the Orient steamer Cuzeo, whioh reaohed Hobson's Bay on Saturday last, there arrived a number of olergymen from Ireland for various Australasian dioceses. Two of the reverend gentlemen, the Rev. J. Marlborough and the* Rev. P. J. Fallon, are for the Arohdiooese of Melbourne. The other priests were as follow:—The Rev. P. Brady, the Rev. J. Donohoe, the Rev. D. J. Dovle, the Rev. P. Hannahan, the Rev. T. Hayes, the Rev. P. Hiokey, the Rev. J. Lane, the Rev..P. M'Cormaok, the Rev. D. O'Reilly, the Rev. M. Ryan, and the Rev. A. Ryan. The Rev. J. Sheridan was also a passenger by the Cuzco. During the stay of the Cwxo at Naples the passengers availed themselves of the opportunity to visit and inspect that famously beautiful city. At Port Said the Cuzco was quarantined for twenty- four hours, and at Alexandria the mails were fumigated. Both these precautions were taken by the local authorities in consequence of the vessel having touched at an Italian port where cholera had been prevalent, and the mails having been carried over Italian soil. On Saturday morning an address and a substantial souvenir were presented by the passengers to Mr. W. F. Helby, the purser. During the stay of the Cuzco in thiB port a number of the clergymen came ashore on Sunday, and oelebrated Mass at St. Franois*. The Cuzco, having discharged the cargo intended for Melbourne, left on Tuesday forenoon for Sydney, and oleared Port Phillip Heads at 3 p.m. The olergymen destined for places other than Melbourne proceeded with her to Sydney. CONVENT OF MERCY, FITZROY. The saored ceremonies of reception and profession took plaoe at the Convent of Our Immaoulate Lady of Meroy, Nioholson-street, Fitnoy, on Monday last, at half-past 10 o'clock. His Graoe the Archbishop presided, and the Very Rev. Dean Donaghy officiated as master of the oeremonies. There were also present—the Rev. Fr. Leybourne, O.C.C., the Rev. J. F. Fitzgerald, the Rev. Fr. Quinn, and a number of the olergymen who arrived on Saturday last by tne Cuzco from England. The Rev. J. Marlborough oelebrated the Mass of the Holy Ghost, during whioh the novioe pronounoed her vows. The music waa well executed by members of the Community. The ceremonies were private, in consequence of the late bereavement in the death of the venerated Rev. Mother. Besides the olergy only the relatives of the novioe and about thirty pupils of the Sisters of Mercy were present. It is especially on oooasions like this that the want of a larger chapel dious chapel, aud they most earnestly beg donations from their numerous friends and the Catholics of tho colony generally. V ray cm will bo offered up for ever liy flic Community for tbo subscribers to this most, needed and laudable work. 11 ltl! AT TUB AUOHllIBHOr's 1'AI.AOK. A flrt\ whioh, bod it, not been discovered early Mid hepn promptly arreted, would probably hpve d"stroyed tbp Archbishop'sPnlaoc on the 15as tern Hill, broke out in that building shortly before four o'clock OH Tuesd«y morning, The tiro was discovered by nn» of the servants, who was awakened by a sense of anifooation produced by the smoke. Tim alarm having brni given, it; was found 011 inspection IIMII a iirp wos raging about. the fireplace in tho drawing-room, Buckets of water were freely nst d, end In » short time the iirp was oxUnmiished, but. «"(. befinon bo)n about five fri-i. square hud been burnt 111 the fl"i'r, making an opening fi> thn r>d|. Ihr of tho dininn-room b'-uenth. Seme dnmaf;e «ns fdco dono to the furniture of the drawing-room. The Pn'aoo nnd the furniture wero Insured. The Fitzroy Temperance Flro T$ri»nrie were promptly I11 attendance, but tlii-ir reivier" worn not n quired. Nevertheless, thy Very 11"v. the Vioar-OpiKTBl presented » donation of i'fi to the funds of the brigade a market recognition of their promptitude. Tho origin of the fire ia unknown. IIAKAAK AT HKVNSWICK. A grand fancy bazaar in aid of St, Ambrose'Church, Brunswick, will bi'hpld in the Town Hull, Brunswick, during next week. Tho luiKaar will be opened by the Hon. D. Melville, MI.O,, on Tuesday next at. three p.m. On each evening of tho week » concert will bp given. OAHMKMTB FATITKllS' ART- UNION. A meeting of the committee of this art- union wan held at the residence of the Carmelite Fathers at Port Melbourne 011 Monday. The Very Rev. Prior Sutler occupied the chair. It was dpoided tlmt tho drawing of the nrt-union should take plaoe ou 12th November, in the Melbourne Atheiuuiuo, and three scrutineers were appointed t.o conduct the drawing. Persons who have received books of tiokete are requested to return tbe blocks before the tJth of November, eo that ttll who have purchased tickets will have a ohanoe of winning the three valuable prises—blooks of laud, or £500, £120, aud £76. SOCIETIES. The St. Patrick's branch of the Victoiiini Oatholib Young Men's Society bold its ueual meeting in St. Patrick's CHthedrnl Hall on Thursday, 15th inst., M r. G. O'Sullivim, V.P., presidiug. The syllabus for ensuiug quarter was read and adopted,, It contains ftomw interesting items, nmongBt which is ft "Meuibor's Convemtiono " lor OhristiURB Eve. An election for two vaoaucies ou the committee took plaop, which resulted in favour of Messrs. M. Oonry and J. Hi od. A debate—" Should the Employment of Females iu Hotel Rars be EnoouniRpd —wae opened by Mr. J. Hood, Thv q«t'Btion was well considered both from a moral and business point of viow, nnd after a spirited discussion, a vote was taken which resulted greatly in favour of tho "Noes." Tho Ge^long Catholic Young Meu's Society bob! its usual weekly meeting on Friday, lho lGtb ult. There were over 60 moinbi'iB in attendant'.! 1 , nnd Mr. P, J. Wallace, vioe-prusidont, occupied the chair. One new imiuber was elected, nnd one CHiididato nominated for udniieeion. The mimic j urli'iuient Bat. for the remainder uf the eveninp, and a bill to tux bachelors was intioiiuued by the Ministry, Mr. Wallace (the premier) m»tio the op'Uing speech, and, uuriug u plH'i t but stirriug address npuke etrpn^ly iu its favour. The leader of the Opposition followrd, and. uiidcr cover of a motion for adjournment, accused the Ministry of shelving the Licensing Bill, which had been bufore the HOUNO until reoently, Tbe matter WUN hotly ditioussed, and considerable warmth of feeling WAS ehown ou both sides. Eventually the motion for adjourniug was nut by the speaker, and carried. The House will meet again three weeks he.tice. The usual weekly meeting of the Emerald Hill brauch of the Viotorian Catholic Yomig Men's Society was held on Monday evening, the 19th inst., in the SS. Peter and Paul's schoolroom; the V.P., Mr. C. C. Ham, in the chair. Mr. T, Nunan was admitted to member* •hip. Correspondence W*B read and received from Mr. M. P. Jaguro, the D.S , ealliug attention to two vaoraeiea on the Executive Directory, and Hesare. Wm. Couroy, of the 6t. Kilda, and 0. O. Ham, of the Emerald Hill branches, were nominated to fill the vaoanoiea, A report was received from the benevolent ! oommittee, oalling tbe attention of member* to • box outside of the church door lor the receipt of newspapers and periodicals, and asking members to noulribute nn muoh as possible. The meeting adjourned in the iiRtinl way. The first annual meeting of Rt, Joseph's Altar Society wn* held in Rt ])rid{;i-l's schoolroom, on Monday, the lilth lnst. ; the president, RPV, M. M'Krnna, presided. There waB the full attendance of member?, including the vice-president, Bev. M. (luinn. The fir«t report of the society WH« road by the Hicn lary, which showed that, the society was in a Homishing eonditiitii. _ Tl-.o rejiort WHS adopted, 011 the motion rf liio. Thompson, secondeil by l?ro. Oraiiam. jun. The Mittfer of Ceremonies then read out a brief report, on the crtrryiup out of tlip sncred corenionies for « past year, which also showed that. Uie brothers were taking a lively interest, in thorn, in order to gain proficiency. The following w* lere-electedftBoflicersforthe eiiHiiiiig yar .-—Rpiritual director and jiresideut, KHV. M. M'Komia j vicepresidents, Kev. M. Quinn and Mr. J. M'Sju'PIIN ; niapler of aen monies, J5r«. J, A. J. Thompson ; secretary, Bro. K. P. Graham. A little gold oross was, on behalf of the brothprs, prt Rented by Mr, M'Speerin to the llev. Mr. M'Kenun, as a token of their respect for him as president of the society for tho past year, also a set of breveri was presented to the vice-president, the Rev. M. Quinu. After a few songs and recitations bad been given by the brothers, the meeting terminated, having opened and cloned with prayer. 