EGHOES OF MELBO UURNE. (BY THE GHOST.) An authority, in which despite the literary effort of Mr. Justice Williams many persons still continue to believe, warns us not to put our trust in princes. The injunction might with a large amount of truth be extended to cablegrams. Those who have believed in the news flashed from Europe from day to day in regard to the impending struggle between England and Russia must indeed have had their powers of credibility subjected to a severe strain. Each day's news as it arrived con tradicted the statements vouched for as correct in the preceding message. First of all we are assured that the Russians have advanced to within thirty miles of Herat, only to be told on the next day that no such advance has taken place. Then we are informed that war is inevitable, and its delaration only a question of so many hours, only to be told before we are twenty-four hours older that Mr. Gladstone has proposed to refer the Afghan boundary affair to arbitration. All these contradictory statements only make one thing abundantly plain, and that is, that the gentlemen who profess to enlighten us in regard to current events are quite as much in the dark in regard to their real progress as we are ourselves, and that their information is largely derived from the depths of their own consciousness. The wisest course for Victorians to pursue under the circumstances is therefore to obey the old Puritaninjunction to " keep their powder dry and then trust in the Lord," and they will all the more comfor tably be prepared to follow the advice, having the knowledge that all our prepara tions to give the foe a warm reception are now on. the verge of completion, and that even were an attack to be made upon the colony to-morrow it would most as suredly be repulsed in such fashion as to make the assailauts regret the attempt. The patriotic conduct of New South Wales in despatching at contingent to the Soudan has not been long in bearing good fruit. It brought Australia so prominently to the front that not even a Ministry in cluding in its ranks a Derby and a Glad stone could afford to ignore it when pro viding for the defonce of the Empire. In all probability had there been no offers of assistance from the colonies, we should never have had a fleet of fast steamers armed as cruisers to defend our commerce, equipped at the cost of the mother country. Had we left England to shift for herself, she might perhaps have returned the com pliment. The old saying anent one good turn deserving another has received an ex emplification most satisfactory in every way to Australians. We now feel in very sooth that we are indeed part and parcel of the grand empire upon which the sun never sets. Soldiers are not generally supposed to hail peace with much enthusiasm. But the end of the Soudan campaign and the reference of England's grievance against Russia to arbitration have certain ad vantages. Military men will once more be able to define the arm of the service to which they properly belong-a feat which for some time past must have been someo what diflicult of accomplishment. What between camelry, dismounted cavalry, and mounted infantry, the various branches of the British troops must at times have been puzzled to know to which branch of the army they really belonged. It will be observed that Victoria is desirous of fol lowing Imperial precedept, and that her rifle clubs have tendered their services as "mounted infantry." Perhaps we shall next hear that the crew of the Cerberus, fired by the desire not to lose a chance of earning another designation beyond that of sailors, have expressed a desire to serve their country in an equestrian capacity, and that Lieut.-Colonel Sargood, who is now known in military circles as General Linsey Wolseloy, has inaugurated a corps of real horse marines! And is it satisfactory to know, as we now do, although our hopes of peace may again be nullified to-morrow, that Russia lhas at the eleventh hour graciously consented to refer the matter of the Afghan boundary to arbitration? No doubt this muethod of settling the dispute will be eminently satisfactory to the nine hundred victims of the 'Penjdelh "incident." How vastly it would simplify our intercourse with our fellow men it the rules of diplomacy were extended to our everyday life. Instead of handing over a burglar discovered in your pantry appropriating your spoons to the tender care of the guardians of the law, one might refer the disputed ownership of the family plate to "arbitration," and thus avoid all unpleasantness. This method of dealing with persons of burglarious pro clivities would, it is certain, recommend itself strongly to-the burglars. Any way the political barometer at the present moment points to peace, and '-this naturally leads us to recall to mind the former telegram of Mr. Murray-Smith, the Victorian Agent-General--" War ine vitable." That gentleman now wires that " a peaceful settlement is anticipated." Ere this the late honourable member for Boroondara has probably discovered the wisdom of the advice given by Mr. IHosea Bigelow-" Don't prophecy till you know." Yet at one time Mr. Smith was a prophet not without honour in his own country. And while dealing with the subject of wars and rumours of wars it may not be out of place to ask what has become of tihe "veteran" company, comprising some hundred and twenty old soldiers, most of whom had " smelt powder," who some 18 months since proffered, through Colonel Hutton, their gratuitous services to the Victorian Government? Why, despite the then Commandant's promise, have none of the gentlemen who took an active part in the movement been communicated with ? They were, it is true, derided by Melbourne 'Punch; but men who have faithfully served their Queen and country and are again t ready to bear arms on their behalf, can afford to laugh at scoffers. A company of veterans would at all events he quite as creditable to Victoria as the company of Harbour Trust "mud larks" it is proposed to raise; besides, they didn't ask for pay I while under arms, and the bargemen do. Truly the ways of the Defence Department are as mysterious as those of the heathen Chinee. Mr. Dowie has achieved the glory of ° martyrdom. If he obeys the scriptural injunction to pray for those who despite fully use him, the supplications of the t reverend gentleman will be offered for the t Fitzroy magistrates, who.in default of pay- t ment of a fine of £5 inflicted a few days ago, sent the apostle of the Johnson-street Tabernacle to gaol for a month. For the next four weeks there will be no more t Sunday processions in Fitzroy, and no more broken police heads. William Barnes, the self-confessed mur- derer of Mr. J. B. Slack, who now occupies the condemned cell, whence he will only emerge to meet his well deserved doom, at the present moment probably regrets he did not follow the example of the French vagrant mentioned in the Greville Me- moirs, who used to frequent the gardens of the Tuilleries securely gagged, and when asked by the police why he went about in such strange guise, replied that "he was imprudent, and might say some thing to get himself into jeopardy if he did not adopt this precaution." Had Barnes held his tongue, the gallows would undoubtedly have been cheated of its due. The Professorial Board of the Melbourne University can at the present mometent hardly be experiencing the joy which we ° are assured is felt over the repentant uinner. The reprimand which was to have been administered publicly to J. K. Troup, s one of the ringleaders of the rowdy demon stration at the annual commencement, was delivered to rows of empty chairs,; the undergraduates, for whoso especial edifica- t tion the proceedings were held, carefully t abstaining from entering the hall. Hoew deeply the students were affected by the solemn farce of the " public reprimand," a may be gauged from tlhe fact that they a assembled in the quadrangle of the Uni- I versity buildings, and loudly cheered the delinquent as he emerged from the lotus tenelcntim. Mr. Briggs, the hero of the late breach of promise case, who for disregarding the injunctionof the elder Weller to his son to a " beware of the widows," was a few days c since directed by a sympathising jury to hand over £350 as a solatliul to the wousn ded feelings of the discarded fair one, is dissatisfied with the resultof the trial, and intends once more to dare the chances of the law. Whether their honors the Judges in Banco will allow Mr. Briggs to shun the evil he already knows to fly to others which he knows notof, remains, however, t to be seen. Sirs. Malpas and Mr. Sullivan, whose s names have recently been bracketed ° together in the Divorce Court, also intend, I itis said, again to tempt fortune. A new trial is to be applied for, and in view of the unmistakable expression of dissent from the finding of the jury uttered by Mr. t Justice Higinbotham, who heard the case, a the very dirty linen of the Malpas menage will in all likelihood be once more publicly washed. May 8. 