NEWS AND NOTES. The thirtsenth annual report of the Ballarat United To wn Mission, published in another column to-day, short as it is, is a vary assuring record of the good work being done amongst the poor andthoJallen ouea. With-all..the wealth and pl'-asure-hunting l cba'actaristio of the day, ; it. is .yery pleasfog~te .find .so many, active . workers banded i' g-therwithtSe/objectof re-’ “cliuningtha.fallep, of visiting, the, widowaod tha faWerlesa iii their affliction,', of relisyibg the jjieoeasiti.es of -.the.-. poor, aadnplift'Dg -and bnghteniog tha-ola’3«8 mo»t neediogtho help ing-hand of- sympathising ’ friends. 1 It-is also “gratifying: to fifid good irork'is so prao no appeal fdrTielp is lift unresponded.tp, and when the number-.of visits paid the hundreds helped. with>. money,'-food,', blanket medicines, : &c.;,: an i pith these always the kind apd cheor ingworcTia cohsiJered' tKe'Miasjon cannotbut bo regarded a’ most bahifioent 'and worthy of all support. ;vAll praisa'tn the worker*;;, Their re port will be.rca I with”interest.’ i " \- An audacious rubbery-was committed nt the’ ' jewellery estsbliahmentof Mr M-.Levioaon, : Bridgo Street, between 6 and’7 o'clock last evening. l ; At ’ the time mentioned a fespeotabU-lnbking man, well dreased. and carrying a patent leather valise and brown paper parcel, entered the. shop., and asked the proprietor, who happened to be behind the to showhim some gold albi’t'. Mr Levinson iromediat-ly complied with the request by taking' from' the - windoVand placingbefore his “ customer” a bunch of gold alberta of 18 carat jtandard.. No sooner had the chains been laid upon tho counter, than the individual, who wore' a' long' black b i ard,‘ sha’chied' them' up, bolted inte tbe street and made off-towards the Main road. The astonished; jeweller at once want in pursuit of the robbery who was lost s-ght of jin ■ the 1 darkness. “ Mr Levinson,’; however, cried ’.‘ police’’and'kept'running in the’ direction lof ,the Main' road. A constable jvas soon., in the chase, but the chain-robber managed, before the buo. and pry.had.been properly raised, to pawn one of tho guards for 18 • 6d at Mr Bernstein, opposite the Exhibition Mart, and in his hurry to get away he, it is stated, dropped .half a; dbxen other chains, outside the door. After transacting his “ business” at Mr Bern stein’s, the man dodged away in the direetion of : the beck Slums and Chinese quarters, and up to a lats hour last nieht his whereabout had not been discovered. The Town police, under the command of Sergeant Hall, scoured the district, and the Force of the City were also on the look -‘,qqt'3Wf.‘.tha''*f undesirable customer ",until an ,advanced hour. , Mr Levinson , cannot, say how. many guards were in the bunch, but jt is possible there were from-15 to 20,- each' valued at about £8 10». The robbery was about one of the most barefaced of aay yet committed in hi* district. . ... V J:,. ; I A- meeting of the residents of • Miners’ Rest wav held at. the Derby, hotel yeiterday afternoon, • for. the purpose of deciding-upon what steps were to be taken (n "obtain a>legrapH ’ office for :that-plaoe;' Mr Douglass, President 1 of 1 Bal'arat shire, presiding. ’The chairman, after explaining the object for. which the,meeting bai been called, Mr'XJre'h, M.L.A., in which that' gentleman 1 stated that ho had seen the ■ Postmaster-General- on the subject.- 'Mr Camp-; bell had said that the department could not see its way cDa’to ■establish 'a telegraph office at- Minors’ Rest, as the revenue derived .therefrom would not be sufficient to pay the expenses con nected with it., , The deportment,, however, would Be prepared to osryy the wires to' Miners’ Best, and provide the necessary apparatus, if thia" inhabitants" word'/prepared to engage an 1 operator ‘ and pay td 'ttiß 'Postmaster-General one-third of the feel received. It having been explained to the' meeting that what-were called two-thirds offices were established in many places where it _won!d - notpay the"departmeot to pay ah operator;, bHt where" it’. w<|uld 'pay the inba bitanta’ to ’omployjohe,’ the operator receiving two-thirds of the foes taken,and the department ono- third/all the regulations’’of the Telegraph- Department being'strictly enforced as in other ipffioee,; Mr/it-'i-Howis. movod— V,ThatHthis .meeting approve, of the proposal of the Pest ■maater-Gen'erar.^oVestohlish.h, twplthirSs'telb graph ‘offico.-at. .ilipdrs’j.Best, •, and that the Ballaratsbire Counoil-be requested to urge upon the department .the .advisability of at once pushing bn ito''matter.” Mr Bowra seconded the motion, which Waa’birried. The local post- - , master -expresved' Bis' "willingness l J tcr 'provide [a j room.i and., to. find an: operator, the ,chairman .also mentioningthat be hadxooeived an -applica tion a for,-tha- position-of operator from a young “lady resident-in Ihedistrict, 1 'A petition to the, Shire Council on the subject, signed ‘ by the majority of tbe residents in the district, will Be forwarded.at onoo; v /' ■ /: ;i.j T The honorary sebrotary of the Ballarat, Hunt .Clubi.,.whom,in' t Melbourne, jEsilway Commiteioaera'and thhy .boirg. anxious to’ en courage the club, have granted a special train to Trawalla on tho'dthj uly next for the meet there, ■and'bayo alto'madp a most liberal ounces-" sioo to the club .in .fixing the .fares at 20s for rider and hptse, aqd, sj. fori'singlq, tickets. As the an -experiment, the club hope to hava a-la r g'e attendance. \ . Thadmildiag.oommittse.of.tha Ballarat Water Commission will meat.to-night,-for the purpoia of opening-‘tenders-for the construction of tho . -rouoh-needod oeli; pffioss themorher' of Gren ville and Lsw'is tho formation of the BaHsrat rppmmiß»_iou', the. gentleman .who, ,have : . transacted ..the .business for.tha rate payers have had to; mevt in a building totally unsuited to requirements,, and inconvenience has been espaoialiy'-exporioneed - in the present structure in thd sainmortlme.'- whon the atmos phere in the vnriquVapartmenta is not.of a kicid oalohlated torimpravs the health lof 'thb.oommie-- sioners or .their ;officar«. 3oma; tima back, it/, .tyill bo remembered,' competitive, de.sjgns for the 'new Building ware'ballad fof;‘and’tho‘ tLah' ffrm of Messrs Caselli' and 1 Figgis was successful iu winning the highesf 'appreoiation of the er '-araiherH. 02We". h»va had- I ..an 1 opportunity of inspecting the plans- of tho proposed new offices, which, wh'so'~Scnstruoted, will be ab t additibnal.ornamont -.to tho architoot'lre -of the' city. ; The structure, which.is to b) tijo storeys hizh, wiU.'aa ited, .it ipd , on, the corner if (jlrpqvilla, and,' streets; , And .will ,bo .cpni 'M.^brickjon feuiidl'tibus, .with walis faping the 'streets named era to bo itiiccobd,'Oa’ the ground floor uffice, ihb'.seoretsry’s^qfflcb' with i strong; room attached, the neer’s office with- strong room: attached, and a lavatory. The main entraooa to tbe offices ‘ Will, bo from Grenville -street, while private egress' wiUbs obtainable from the side of the building facing Lewis ; street.-'“Li-the tipper storey ample provision will be made for the proper transaction; of the commission’s easiness, as i thero' W'U ba nb fswer - thsn 'six apartments.’ These-will-' iholndo'a bosrdroqm by 18, th‘e : ohairaaah’b aparfmant! 17bj r lii ; Wi t h;hnt&-rooni,: l*;vatory;-'an jinuq!, landing;.' Animnortaiit fea turafin ponnebtioa -with"-the; lighting if the’ building, will übo a lantem.of Jnaw design,! which’ wjill placpd jover :th» main stairoisß.! which sail lead to the upper offices, and whioh vjill for tye most -part In ’cbmhosbd nf irbn b'luitradcs with-qedar-newals;—Aooordingpto-tho-pl-ns, the rooms and offices vyilLbs lofty, well veulilated, and will be .supplied with. aU .tjie latest appli ances .essential r to iJuveniadbe-'and chin fort, ana special .attention ,is. to.be paid r to tha oons.truqr Uio'n ol.tba/entranbeOobby.'-ihe flbortof whioti is to bo paved, with Man ton tiles. The frodt of the .iowpf. - ttonyT oF.:<theKetrnoture is w be- ornamented with Doric pilasters, while on tho upper .xtory j theTßolumns will be of the Cqjiythiao prder^..,The l -fpnta I ge l tq street'will bjSS'feet.'.'whilothatti'L’bwis 'street j willirun:ahout.6B;fq»t.jlt iaposuble-that should a tender.ibe-‘fioslly- aacieptad to-mght nr within 'the nsxtfew dbysi’tha neiV offices’win 'W ready ; fo’r'-bboupatfcffi jifa 1 aVhuF'six ' or elaßtf inonib's’ ,tima, ,bnt,.‘a £ gopd deal;wiU ’ doppnd iupba tho 'weather.' Mr,.C-D. FiggU (bf ' ttiq litsjficm if Bl Figgis),!* to lM tli*: aehlteet and In this h in other, large «oa ioabt sustain bis professional tbs late Mr Kiot, J.P., will afternoon. The . eortCga will - a residence, Bsrkly street, op lal>. at 2 o'clock,- and wiU pro ds Hall, : Camp ; (treat,: where ommanioation of St. John’s, leeeaaed belong'd, will ba held of respect.-: The brethren-of • ; BaHarat Lodge. of which Mr wua taembir, are likewise requested to therngbral. Other friendly and pnbl'O bediekarelnfltod to attend. ■ _ As an instance of the good dona by publiah 4^jn; we - may. instance tEeossa of tho mau Batrepoor, the. . Queensland squatter, or Variously. styled himself, ■ who wiotiniised a number' of' -poeple-io'Ba , t«iet-~witb“htr-T»lueleoi-eheqae»;- On thn JOth.-jrOStant'thenßfttlaTat journals for tionof the man. On the iKh ho eluded the vigilance of the police, end g it away to Miner's Beet, _ where he stopped for the night at the Junction hotel. On the morning of the lOth he left the Junction without payi"g his aeore, and proceeded to the house of one of the neighbors, who is possessed of a fast trotting bone, offering to psy 30s a day if the man would drive him up, country. But this gentleman had read his morning paper, the description - struck him Vs apposite, ahd-eo-hodeolihoiEtho offer; -Thereon stable the man, bat, not haring road the paper, let. him pass. The squatter an nounced his inteqtign,of proceeding iu the direc tion of Stawell, where the police in that quarter have captured him. An. examination: sittings of the Insolvency Cou{t,4n the-estate of Stephen Shrimpton, will be held in the Lydierd street court-house on_ Monday next, at 10 a.m. Mr Michael Magee; fortnany years proprietor, of the Commercial hotel, Armstrong street, died' yesterday after nearly two years’ illness. The deceased had only recently decided to give up business, and lie Had made arrangements'.to vacate the hotel. Mr Magee was 51 years ;of age, and leaves a family of four. The funeral . takes place to-day. .. Quite a change cams over a female toper at •the Town Police . Court, yesterday , morning. ‘.When looked up''ori"'Wedhea3ay 'night she 'dropped on her kneesdn-tho floior oftho'watch house in Ballarat. East,: and! cursed the police man who bat the audaoity to arrest her. Yes terday morning. when the offender appeared, shivering from the. cold, before the bench, she “ prayed the liord to give her nnother chance and she would at once take the Bluo Ribbon. 1 ' The, woman, wha war only discharged, from gaol on 'Wednesday, war "allowed to "go -free on this' underttroding. — - - | • • Soma ‘people in- Balla'at display great care lessness when, posting letters , in. street pillars For ths third time within the past few weeks; a Irttef -.was:yesterday.observed? standing out of the receiving-box at tbe comer of Bridge and Main streets, and' a gentle tap by a passer-by sent it, into the pilla l- . : ~ The Poet Offiea.aad Telrgraph department has issued the following notice with regard jto the sixpenny telegram system which is about jto bredopted,:— ‘‘.From the Ist July, 1885, the following will bo the rater charged for telegrams -transmitted- during. ordinary' - office hours (8.30 a.m., to 8 p.m.,) from any telegraph office in Victoria; addressed kb places within the colony:—For a message of six words or under 6d;for every ndditionsl word/Id.- No charge will be made for sendiog.addresaes or signatures. Where telegraph messengers are employed, messages will be delivered free of cost within a radius of one mile and.a half; oyer .that distance only' the actual amount' expended for cab hire or oonyeyanoe will be ohdfgedi - “ ■ — 1 At the meeting of the directors of the Union Boot Mauufact -ry Company- Keld on Wednesday evening lest, it was decided to open a bent shop in ae cent's! a spot as possible-, ab iut the begin ning of July. The" proposal of allowing share holders to have their.-- biota cheaper ; .than non ebarebol'lers was left oyer for. consideration for a week, in order thst advice might be obtained. It »a> decided to allow those who had not paid the allotment one fortnight to do so, after which they will be disposed of by the board. Ths manngsr reported that Mr M'Callum had started last Tuesday as-foreman, and everything was working very satisfactorily. Patterns, children’s boots, and other articles were in spected, and the b oard expressed on tire approval bf—ths ‘why things'* itood. " The usual compli ments to the chairman closed the meeting. ! There, was another blank charge sheet at the City Police Court yesterday morning. . , ;• I A magisterial enquiry was held yesterday by Mr Deputy-coroner’ Cooper into the circum rtaoces surrounding the death of the old man ■ William Ash, who was found dead in his hut on' Wednesday morning. Dr Pinnock, who made the port mortem examination, deposed , that-the immediate causa of death was pleurisy and peri carditis, and the. deputy-coroner found accord ingly. Tha deceased was 75 years of age. : *One of the posts supporting ths verandah in front of the premises of Mr J. Hall, of Humffray street, was onjWednesday knocked down through the horse of.aTown councillor coming into col lision withrit;-‘- !;: - ; A mishap befel one of Reid’s Soldiers Hill line ' of omnibus yo-terdey afternoon. On it’ return journey from the lake the near bind wheel.oama off. Fort'inatc-Iy there ware only a‘ couple Of passengers in the -’boa ■ st_ the time, and they, escaped with a slight shaking. i John Bprranoor, representing himself as ;a Queensland drover, was brought before the .Stawell. bench yesterday morning for passing ja valuelass cheque, drawn on the London Chartered Bank, J Melbourne, whereby.i.iei; obtained £lO worth of stores from Price and Phillips, grocere, Stawell. It was 'ascertained by telegram that the cheque was valueless, and Barranoor was arrested .»t-.Daop', Lead.: loathe'.lookup' he was seized with epileptic fits, and Dr Jack wis icalladriu.'.'.Prisoner .was remanded. tilLTuesday next. The half-yearly general meeting of the Balla rat branch of the Australian Natives’ Aasooik-.. lion wa’ held on Wednesday night at the-. Lyceum H»ll, Lyons street. The attendance numbered about 250, and, Mr A. M'Gregoi,-' president, boon jmed- tHe'lohair:'“Complimentary tickets were received for social to be held by tlie J St. Amend ; 2ith/-also-for ■ social to bo held by, the Creswiok: b r nnch on the 29th . instent. ;-Nmonew members were in troduced, and welcomed, and 19. propositions for membership' received. The - election 1 - of officers for the ensuing half-year resulted ns President, Mr A--AltUregor re-elected un opposed); vice-president, Mr W.- I. Allan (do); secretary, Mr.F. W, Claxton (Jo);- treasurer, Mr At (I. I Bdrbidg6'-'(do); aniiist3atnicretiiry, Mr W. r Herman; committee, Messrs R. M'Gregor, O. •Gadden : (fomlobled); J. T. Ci Walkor- (do),- Hoff meister, ami J. B. Millington; auditors, Messrs E. Axford add'd/ H;-Dill.- I'ho president of the board of directors installed the president, and ■no installed the' other officers;” -Messrs' Gomel! and King were appointed chemists to the 1 branch; the necessity for- oue-hr Billerat East as well a< the West haring .arisen. The receipts •for the evening ammnted'to £lO9 Is 9d. j We a r e -requested.to state that the.- collectors of th’e Ladies"Clbthing Society infenii'cotnmenc-. tog their nunuitl canvass for subscriptions during ' the'ensuing weeli." 1 ’- u -- •*■-*' , * , At 3 the' Town' Cdtirt TreßtsiHlay' moimibg the presiding magistratsa were Mesara Walter, Fer guson, and .Curtis, J.’a.P. charac ter known as “Geordie” Walker was charged with assaulting, Yiclqria ■; Kvatiog, The man bad already baen under a bond to keep the , peace for six months, towards the .same woman, and Mr.Gaunt apjfeared to. watch the.case on belialf or tKe "bohllsman;* prisonerV imployel-. The prosecutrix did not appear, and a warrant for her arrest waa ordered to issue. Walker was. discharged on condition thst he would leave the' district.—Robert M’Qiiltar appeared to answer s charge prefbrired : by“Coh«tsble Smith of having worked two horses while they were suffering from acre shoulders.--Dafendent'said- that'the * animals'were-wearing. new; collars, and-tbaU tlio chafii‘g^oocurred after be. left, home, A.fiue of 5s was Inflicted. A fow smell debt oases having bean disposed of, the court adjourned. su * i A woman named Mayba Glynn was arrested by Detective Hyland yesterday afternoon, on‘a ; ohsrge ,of , Bolicitino, contributions under faldo; pretenoea!; Sh'e-will-be brought up'-at the City Court this morning. j ; The throe men, William Spears, Gregory! Spears, and John M’Namara, who were arrested; on Saturday night on suspicion of having com mitted the assault and robbery, on the person of Frederick; will- bi /brought up at ttie City Court this morning, and probably dis charged, as there seems now to ba no doubt that they wore not concerned in tha affair. j Mr Jennings, the'Tasmanian infant, who has taken.up his quarters at Irwin’s Provincial hotel, was visited there yesterday .by a numb?r of his bH acquaintarieov. l ■* Mr whd'turns ths soaleg at the respectebls weight of 32 •tune;.an i d looki, like a_ map, .who -.eni.ojs. visited a numbof of tildes of interest in B-llardt dUring the day*.' - u- v/. j j j The nows of tho dduth of MrO; ; WJ Furmedge, lato a promiaent.membar.of the Bnllirat Hobiay.Uiiion, has.caused ..considerable..regret anjong his hdmerous'acquaintances’ in' Ballarat. The deoeaved hacKnot-bsen in gSba bealth for k long .while,) and/in /May? lest -ne/proceeded to Quoedsland in the hope that, the warmer climate wonll prove b.’nefioial. The' wishVd fdr'dhaoga did nqt take Dlaoo, hqj;e7eE, ; aß^ l .MriFurmodge returned to Melbourne.'where he died as stated. It will b3 «e.en ; by,.reference? t • ;Opr advertising oolumoa that, the funeral will “move , from the Western railway station this afternoon upon the wriylof/tha-a.M-trofa:. The mombira of the Half-Hobday Union are requested to attend. { Much, sympathy ia felt fn Ballarat for Mr Arthur, Ligh.t, who has been committed for trial for manslaughter *ln hokfcVotionYvith'the deafli of . a woman named. Mary Stole, who wqs‘ knooked.do»a» : S runaway HorX with a b'lTOy. m Bourke street. light, who Is? in the employment of a b'U posting oompanY.' m ouelody-, on remjßd from tile City Court, charged with having by his negli genoe caused the deceased’s death. Constalje; to* a»ri?n r,kr DB *"’ 1 “»:• there no strap fastening toe of the buggjv which started from the oMp of Binbtth itnati;: Mm mM hotel it earns into collision vqp|ti omniinrit' the tamo time knocking down |Pf deocascl.WhD had jariaotimt of saM Balfdira a lav*?** horrea*Mt>fl' M* mi quite «NM twnijbire :MHm no wheslsmf tirfuggy. Sijßic: uiMfar in anmniw up pointed ;<nS" thatcthenegMHto •ocornJjteS wheels of tfffloggy. Mfeh wtfHt *nprotee|a£[ amounted ifctpis oasojbi mansjaaghter, and tM jury •££*{£ whom thV coroner teoprdinglycammittey'Wtti trial at the'Central Cnwmpl Court. The accused resided, together with his parents, in Ballarat for many years, and he and his family waro.and are stll, highly raepectsd by tho residenta of thWaistrTot; -r --r - —o- .* VMjviag- teah hanted Shlnr?'Awgtas was arrested at'Buhfearee by- Cowt»blo Bonrks yesterday,dm aohargaof.a3gaalt.and..robbery,...m)[amittecLo.n. the person^of.,Frederick Simons, on Saturday night laat.~~ 'Ab{;'aif , win'brohghC "up" at the City Conrtthia morning. Simons.Tifie'vicfcim of the assault, left Ballarat, it is said, rather hurriedly, on Wednesday, without communicating with the’ police, or informing them of his probable destiv nation. A number of Ur Simons’ friends are lamenting his disappearance, as he seems to have omitted paying sundry small debts, and an over-; oott;(abt,his own) whibh he inadvertently put in pawn, ’yistsrday released' by the • right owner.' " ; s ' There was an excellent attondanoo last night at the Mi»on Hall temperianoei meeting, when a good programme was presented, consisting' of temperance choruses by the choir, songs, dia: logiies, and recitations. A piece entitled “ Meek and Mild,” illustrating the truth that a “soft answer turneth away wrath,” was given by Mis? Brown, Mias. Alice Brown, Messrs D. Brown; Phillips, J. Browh,aodt»o other gentlemen from Brown Hill. The singing was rendered by Mr Kiiby, Miss A, Brown, and Miss E. Donald: son}, duet,'. Miss' Baa tin .and ,S; iHosking; the recitations by Miss Franklin, Miss E. Tou» nier, Miss Jana Brown, Mr Feary, Mr D. "grown, and Mr Phillips,.'Mr Pefchard led the choir, and Miss Hosting presided at the piano. The chair man referred to some very heartrending oases; iii our midst of poor little, children suffering in this winter weather through drink' which'awakened general indignation arainst the- traffic, and. a good collection was taken up for carrying on the temperance work. . A correspondent writes: —" An agreement has , been anterad-iote-with-priyato-proportyholdßrs "at Swan Water and Gower, hear St. Ainaiid. The area in', question, 'which ;ia- intended tar mining- purposes,-ie-over 6000 -aores-in-extent. It is a most promising district. The head* of the lead, like those of Ballarat and other gold; fields, tyere very rich," which'is a good indication^ It is one of .the, best ventures that have been started since toe "Seven Hills Estate, and which should prove quite as rich, if not better. There is another advantage with this company, namely, there is no rook; and it is anticipated that the sinking will—not exceed 200 feet at the" deepest part :of the;ground.;. Boring. Will - bo started very shortly,' and it is anticipated that the , deep, ground will be proved in a few weeks from thsiime operations are commenced, Messrs . Cox and Graham are the holders, of the,property and were the first to project the soheme.” The weather at, Ballan for tbp;<past tivoor three weeks (writes our. correspondent) has been most boisterous and inclement—istete of things which is unusual in this district so ea'ly in the season. High winds from the north, north-west, west, and south. hero prevailed;- with bitterly cold showers of rain and bail..- A good deal >of the ground whine has been plonghedis too.wefc :for sowing and harrowing, and a spell of-dry weather is now atixibu«lr hoped for; The state of mud in the township is simply indeacrib able. . .. It ; \ At the Smjthesdale Polios Court, on Thurs day, a disciple of Bacchus named Martin Maher, living : at Ross’ -Creek,' was 'charged by ; Senior oonatfibls Mitchell with; being' drunk .and dis orderly in a'pulilo plsca oh,Wednesday byenihg. The deceased Waa fined 10s, which was paid. The mayor of the borough, MrD. Cameron, was the presiding magistrate. -. . . At Kingston; on. Tuesday eveniug, Mr J. D. Groig the popular manager of the local branch of the Bank of Australasia, who has just been promoted to -the management- of r -the-br*noh at Charters Towers, was presented with a purse of sovereigns. - Mr Oreig leaves Kingston with the bast wishes of » largo circle of friends. We have reoeived the first number of-a new ■bi-weekijjournal, the Kerang.Observer. .: In- an interesting article in. .the South Aus tralian■ Register on the wheat season of that colony for 1884 5, .the. fort Adelaide, reporter of the paper describes the season as an extraor dinary one in many respects; for, in the first place, it opened with a double disappointment as to.yield, and ended in a measure of doubv At the outset a “bumper” yield of not less than 11 or'l2 bushels per acre, was anticipated.; In December last, however,, when reaping opera tions were in'full awing, the unfavorable weather was supposed to havo damaged the, crops to the extent of '1,000,000 bushels. Tha next shock to the trade came when it was fouad that "the Register correspondents only returned. an .esti mate of 9 bushels per acre. But the most seri ous one was reserved'to the last, when the Government statist estimated it at only 74 bushels per acre. It seems, however, that this last estimate' is by no means' accepted by the trade as correct, the prevriling opinion being that the true average lies nearer to the 9-bushel estimate of tW-Reyufsr than to the 74-bushel one of the Government statist. In support of the Register’s "stimato and against that of the Government it is mentioned that, although ao-. loording ~to the: latter the harvest ot 1884-5 was less than that of 1883:4, the ■ exports during the first three months of 1885 amounted to 5,278,346 bushels]^’compared -’with' 0n1y'3,109,770 bushels during the first-threo months of 1884.. Among the most striking features of the season are said. to- b-i '■the unparalleled lowness; of, price's, the almost entire absence of forof operations frond ’Chaoge.tooountryagon cies,- and tho large .growth of the shipping Business at the outports. l : T i The Home 'Reins of Bth May states that ’a -London -bookseller has, a book" In, which; are written-in two places the.words,“ Wm. Shake speare,” and-the-British Museum authorities have given itas thoiropinion that the signatures Are genuine autographs of the immortal bard; , Mary Muloahy, who was severely Burned: by the bursting of a kerosene lamp at the Nepean hotsl.'PprtseaMiat Monday, died on Wednesday l o’clock.", ■ Ttr-i- ii..;:/; | The herald- says that there are -afc.proßont in the Immigrants’; Home, Royal .Park, four old men, whose united ages make 372 years, made up as follows:—One is 104, one 96, one 88, arid -0ub.84. ; | A telegram from Hamilton, published in the' Herald, says:—“ Itrth'e neighborhood of Maoar thur, compliint is made of travelling with shoop thatrare limbing bn-roads and lanes 1 where there is'absolutely no grass- on which" they bah-fead during the inclement weather. ‘Bedebtly in"tlie Hawkeadalo road there were found no, fewer than 21 dead sheep in a distance of 10.0 yafds. J .Ths attention of the Royal < Humane Society as well as tha Shirb.Council ia callad.t '.this foct.f b ; Wednesday (rays th o'-Oeelong Advertiser) ap psa'ad to ba.chbsen'all rbimd by. those' abbut to marry as the best day upon' whloh to'enter the matrimonial circle, judging from the number of wedding parties passing -through-- Geelong.... bn their way-to the metropolis. Two of th A-happy, couples were .united in Geelong, but nine other couples passed through by train from the, direc tibn’bf Ballarat. J ;' " , "' ‘ ' ..The Telegraph says that the Hou J.-Campbell the Postmaster-General, is provisg his worth as as an energetic ; an,d : abla administritor of the, dopartment'ovbr whioh he’presides. .Not.con tent with, discharging the usual/outina. duties of his portfolio, ho ia-making himself thoroughly conversant withttho -practical working -of- every branch- of-tho : -postal servicer -On"Wednesday; morning,. at -S-'o’clpokj- in, company with Mr' Sluck. the superintendantVha made a'syst'amatic' inspection of tha ma'l branch of.ithe .General Post Office, remainingt there uot'-l 7 o’clock. During tha inspection, bo narrowly observed the different employes at work, and also took notice; of.the system bf-soiting whioh obtains. -He aim promised to : remove a-few' slight' causes of com plaint, .auch as excessive draughts, Ac., wbioh wefe -bfought under bis notice. - Mr Campbell is'- ‘byideritly "going the 'right way to make his do pirtmbht '_th'b belt administered iii, tlib'publio '- says:—“ Ghosts are out and panthers ara'io.-“‘Not many months ago every neighbor-' hood, having auyclainas to a soul above the'com mon herd had a ghost, and some had two. Now, ‘ all districts that are districts have broken out into panthers. ..The. persons who have beeh favor'ed'wlth private;views : bf tha' various wild animals at Urgeda the different localities vary considerably concerning the ‘nature of the beast.’ Some- describe the creature as ‘of a dun color, with long busby tail;'-others declare ‘he is - black, with-alow, swiagihg trot,’ while there are those who ‘ think they saw spots’ on the brute. ;At all events',; the; call to arms throughout the infactod 'districts has been nobly ! reeponded to, Apia very Jair Victorian oontin- i gent is in.pursuit. Viewed in the-light of recent events, this;* wild beast circumstance’ seems to - have ohms’just at the right timed - Our military I ardori; v npw'thaVit cannot be direoled agsinst the | bear, ;may Very properly find "ah'ballet in the destruction ipl thatpanthef of panthers.' All we shall require to orown-the event will be a prize j competition poem, perhaps by the. Government i SteUit.” i'MXj.iWl Important oorrespohdenoe has recently taken .place between the Premier and the Colonial •georetai >, ofW esteru'Aostralia" with -reference to the. defence of the, port of Albany, King: OeoriHgß ‘Prater pointed out the; unpoitanoe of Albany as acoaliog sta tion, and tbe,great-- benefit derived by atoambrs. passing t i alia'from tSdei'tarh colonies from a *fe>B& of coM. f bging j available there.. .The .Wes tern Australian .Goverbrneht foel that tbijyiaro unable, to defend fche barbor, and seek theWisist* anco ,' ofthe. ctlierf .suggesting, at.tho tame timo ! a tprps4q;dtfenoe. p.MI Service, in bis. replv, stated that-the Government of Victoria dUposad ito-assistance bsiob giveaftiWestern.-Aast'-aTahby tha othar bole-' bibs in thoidsfsneo of•<the port, but status that 1 on several points information would bj rpquirqtC 9 n9 approyalof a.ymilitar/^ oPpo^, t y and enqmne. are aim madea,£ templitJng the expenditure oF^. 4 ’ * the defence of the various ;! tati||*eananted bv the Royal navy unreasonable to .oppose tbktAlK?* 4 mlljtejioonsiderod in connection with y Mr Service a«ks f or in?' 0- Ipion as to whether any l«* made to the Imperial authorities t,„,J 9 Governmeot of Weetern Australia, and saw that on the pa-ticulars desiredbiing fumishln s&sssjs;,?' va Eaglnndj eitherfn Bgypt-V Afghanistan " cl ‘ b ® r -tha.baok’.on.tha. moat, brilliant episode S history of tlus young land. It seems but™. 8 terday thafc we were wishing them “ On ft ? / V and'Qnd epeed,** and now they are a n »K a >? ““" n £ 3 .t a ». " ith the oxceptioe of S Tew; poor fellows whom, the omninntanf ■ disease, laid low. No wonder Mr D dWa sn? caused heartsJx> beat, louder and puUee to quicker at home. His prompt action was b on all fours -with the ■: true-hearted friend wh 7 comes tVyon when in difficulty, and with „ „ no ; s^to pf' the hand. says,-. cheque for a thousand; that s how much r - help you Men and ; nation. of th“ ammp do” .not.indnlgain .“promises. ’ " no \- The London correspondent of the Aram that the Marquis of Salisbury';, , t u en ~'?? 3 the task of-forming an A dministratioe tt a result Of his.effort, has not yet .known.,. It. is, . however, nrohaWa «,„ro. Stafford Northoote, the present l4khm" CenservaUve pa-tyin the House will be raised to the peerage. \- The body of a child has been found at Creek, hfar-AdelaMe. ;Tha child is sunpoZft 1 ■have been Btaogled. thrown into thoSlj washed>way_byf he flood. reek ’ Mi Colonel Rede, the sheriff, ' tamWa-iW formed the duties of Usher in connection wfa the Legislative Council on Wednesday in place of Mr A. C. Soenf, who is atpresent Sj h ! 1 from the colony on leave of ab.anoe “ bnt ‘***“*■«!?- Pond. i„ Tasman a and that the Californian salmon ova are dsveW ing in a satisfactory manner. - p ‘ .The service of song, “Jessica's first prayer" with connective reartings, will be repeated in the Phoenix-Hull this evening, in aid „V ti. JT.M.O.A. building fund.Thelbove service la bieu given atJEbeuezer Church with great sac cess on two previous occasions, The musicM selections will bs given by a choir of 90 voices, -under, tha conduotorship of Mr J. T. j] with- Miss Anderson as orguii.t. Mr 6. A MaxwoU, of Melbourne, being on a *isit to Bil larat, has kindly consented to give the readier Mr O. E. Edwards will take the chair. 1 - ‘ I The Burwood “ panther,” which has b>en [ tracked at last, proves, (says the Age), to be a ! drg of unusually largo size, and is describsd M cross b-tween a Newfoundland and a stag hound Ha was peon on Wednesday by Mr De Pnry‘ J.P., of Yeringbarg, at Rose Mount, obmt two I miles' from L'dlvdale, on the flealesville read ■Mr De-Pury noted the color of the animal' which was a dark brown, and testifies, te his j hungry appearance—a fact which should acquit him of the charge of eating calves and horses in .fho.LPaddocV of; Burwood.Mr Da Pury con fidantly identifies this large dog with the animal •eon by one' Nicholas Nelson h-t Monday in Mr Wilson’s paddock at Lilly dale. Mr De Purr’s evidence should close the controversy whiih has been vaging dn Burwood as to what manner of bra t this unwelcome visitor is. The latest bulletin is that Senior-constable Williams has gone out in pursuit of him.” ■ . A Sydney .telegram published in tha Argtu says that a conference'of representatives of the tra ’os and labor organisations and of the Pro , tection and Political R-form League was held •in ■tho'Temperauce Hall on Wednesday night, whyn rasplntiqns wera passed favorable to tie adoption of a. protective policy. One of the re solutions contemplates that each trade organi> sation shall, prior to the next general election, pledge itsilffrv support protectionist candidates. ’■Another resnlnt’nn provides for the holding ot a.monstar public meeting, at which the protec tionists caw give expression to their views. Tt is ; understdod that the regulations relating to the discipline of the. Indian army, which at present form separate publications in each pre sideacyva'o to be revised and consolidated into one volume forthe whole army in India. Orders have accordingly bean issued for the prosecution of the work, on which an officer and a small establish meet willbi employed, A. specie! general meeting of the Co-operab’y, Bakers’ Society will be held at Graham’s room! Camp street, "to- morrow night at 7 p.m. \- Mr .Lindsay .Hutchinson warns the publio against spurious imitations of bis packet tea. Public meetings in connection with the Cressict Biua Ribbm Mission willbi held in the Town Hall every alternate Saturday night during he winter, months. The first meeting will be held to- morrow night. ... The service cf song “ Jessica’s First Prayer, 1 * is to be.rehearsed, ac the Pboeiix Hail to-night, .in aid bf the Y.M.C.A. building fund. " The competition for Captain Brylev's trophy takes .place, to-day. and to-morrow, ot the Civilian rifle'butts. A grand .ball and supper in aid of tha Ballarat charities is to.be,given at Mr George Bison’s, Scott's Marsh, on Wednesday next. A'publio temperance meeting will bo held in the. Temperance Hull, Hnmffray street, to-night, .when'addresses, will be .delivered by Mr Martin Hosking and Dr Mofibt. A competent person is required to take chargs ' of the classes attho City Free L'-braryin connec tion with the' School of Design. Particulars ihay. ba, iadyfrom ,tho .setrfctuy, Mr E.H. L. ■Swift-ii . ■ ‘ A special moating of tho Trades Hall Lorn miltoe will bi held this evening at Grahams Hall, in Camp street. All mombirs are par ticularly requeatad to attend. 