THE ZIG ZAC TELEGRAPH. A TALE OF A MIND DISEA.SED. By Lm«i- (J. TuouraoS. Fort noarly ninotuon years I havo been waiting for bomo one to writo tho hiatory of thia lino ; but during all thia timo no aooount of its origin, or tho manner in whiah it performed its work, haa boon published, and, bo far as I can loam, no hint even of its oxistonoo has appeared in print. Oan it bo poaaiblo that I was solo proprietor and operator, and my weary messages alono wont orooping ovor tho wires ; that its faithful, patient servioos woro givon to me only ? If so, upon mo oloarly aovolvos tho taBk of writing its history. And yot, to own the truth, thia task is not an oaay one. Tho Zig Zag was ouoh an anomaly among tologrophs, auoh a bizarre affair alto gethor, that it sets at defianoo all ordinary methods of description. It waa bohind the times ; it waa slow with ita mosaagoa ; it oarriod them a long way around, and stopped with thorn in unexpected plaooa; thoro was an air of mistiness about it that made mo sometimes suspeot that it waa only tho ghost of a telograph— tho phantom, perhaps, of some uncompleted,' early invontion loft an orphan by the death ofjtho inventor. But stay — I must bo more explioit. This tolograph was not oomposed of solid material substance; it did not consist of actual poets and wiroa. It was a phenomenon of an ox coptional condition of body or mind, a phaae of mental aotion in a given direction, a syetom of exploration in tbo realms' of memory, a — woll, I will admit it at otioe, a something that I never quite understood ? a problem, the solution of which I have many times almost reaohod; but whioh haa always eluded mo by dodging around nnoxpeoted corners and disappearing whon I thought I had forced it into a cul de sac. I wijl there fore moke publio ray oxporienco with this lino, and transfer to others the solution of the problem ; and, aa tho oondition of body and mind was doubtlosa a faotor neoeBBary to the solution, I will mako known this oondition by briefly telling a small portion of my life's history. On the 6th of Maroh, a.d. 18G5, with other paroled prisoners, I orossod Broad River, twelvo miles from Wilmington, N.O., and stood once more, with bared head and thank ful hoart, bonoath tho flag of our country. Tho emotions awakonod by tho sight of this emblem of all wo hold do'ar, I shall not venture to doscribo. I should blush to bring tho poor tribute of words to the flag aanotillod by bap tism in the tears of our tondorest and the blood of our bravest. For moro than ton months I had boon a prisonor at Andorson ville and Floronoo. In this article I shall make no attompt to portray tho horrors of Audersonvillo. The ovidonoo under seaHur nislied by thoso thirteen thousand gcavos needs no oorroboration by parole testimony. Whon tho atorm haB paased, tho wrooks on tho boaoh are surer records of the foroe of the tompcat than all the figures at the signal stations. I had fought the battle for lifo for moro than ton months in thoso prison pons, and I was conBoious that I had fought it woll. I had lost ground daily, it is true, but I had contested it by foot by foot and inoh by inoh. My resistance had been steady, unfaltering, systematic. At tho timo I waa paroled I was suffering from sourvy and goneral debility, and had also endured most of tho minor siok nesBos *of tho oarpp ; but thus far I had escaped thoso fearful fevors that had wreoked bo many of my companions. Shortly aftor I readied Wilmington a strange dullness took possession of me. My mind refused to act with its acoufltomod vigor. Owing to tho ravonoua appetites of some of tue men, orders nact ooen given to issue extra rations to all who required them ; and, al though tho regular daily ration 'was moro than Buflioiont for mo, I foil into tho lino with tho others and drew tho extra. This I took to my tont-mate, for Bafekeoping, and again fell in and repoatcd tho process, over and ovpr, as long as the drawing lasted. About thia time, too, racking pains assailed mo; and I longed inoxproBsibly for homo. Then 'tho vessel camo to take us to Annapolis, and wo struggled, nnd pushed, and jostled each other, in our eagerness to get on board; and at last I was fortunate enough to get tumbled on to tho deok just as tho captain announced that ho had a load, and could tako no moro. My reoollections of the voyage aro confused. I remember being. rolled about, and orowdod, and lain on by other passonRors. I also re member staggoring up to draw rations, al though I could not oat. Then I was helped off the veBsel, and some ono took mo by the arm and led mo away. Thon we stopped, and and a voioe said, ' Wash him.' And then— blankneos. How long tho blank lastod I do not know. When my consciousness returned I was in a olean bod with white sheotB. A light burned in tho room, but 1 saw_ no ono. I olosod my oyes, and was lost again. When I awoko it was broad day, and a young man, droased in a fresh Buit of army blue, waa standing by tho bed-sido. Ho expressed no surprise as his.glftnca mot mine. I lifted my right hand, and was astonished at the effort so alight an action required. I gazed at tho akoloton fingorB, and vaguely wonderod where I had boon whilo that hand was growing ao thin. I said, ' What'B tho mattor ? ' Ho said, ' You have had tho fever. You'ro all right now. Don't talk.' His voioo was low and evon; it expressed no sympathy, no anxiety ; he moved away, and I slopt again. ? My recovery waa rapid. Tho hoapital aurgoon visited mo at intorvala ; he askod mo no questions ; ho merely looked at mo and passod on. I had a ravenous appetito, and, with tho regularity of olookwork, a tray waa placed boforo mo on whioh was a cup of tea and a deliaato piooo of toast crowned with poaohod egg. As I gazed at this dainty repast, 1 thought it a moal fit for a god— that is, for a very small god. Aftor a few days the pyramid on tho plate was inoroased in altitudo by the insor tion of another nlico of toast under the ovari ous crown, and flanked by a bottle of porter. Next oame tho ordor for admission to tho full diet tablo, and soon- after the oertifloato en titling mo to a furlough. During all this period of oonvaleaconoo I was cousoious of no dorangomont of tho mind's aotion. My mainiinterost in lifo centred in tho present, or readied forward to tho future; but Btill memories of tho past, mostly of hopo and early lifo, camo to mo naturally. I had, howevor, mado no attempt to reoall pant ovonta, as tho admirable system of unquestioning troatmont practised at St. Mary's Oollogo Green Hospital had sug , goatod no such effort ; and it was only when oalled upon to answer questions, at tho timo I applied for a furlough, that I discovered tho singular phaso ot mental aborration whioh forms tho Bubjeot of this narrativo. I have said that my recovery, waa rapid ; perhapB I ought to add that as I throw off tho favor I began to suffer with a difficulty in my foot, probably scurvy— a difficulty that inoroased daily,- until enoh foot folt like an immenBO bruiso. But as thia diaeaao did not troublo mo seriously whilo I waa in the hospital, I did not montion tho mattor to any ono, fearing that to do so would delay my departure for homo. This brief portion of personal history ia, I beliovo, all that is nooossary to put tho publio in possession of faota that havo any bearing ou tho problem undor disouHsion. And now I oomo to tho most diflioult part of my taak, the portrayal on papor of thia abnormal aotion of tho mind ; and in ordor successfully to do this, I must desoribo tho normal aotion in tho samo direction in nuoh a way that it will bo oloarly recognised by all, and yet in Hiioh a way no will onablo tho reader to oomprohond tho abnormal. Hold 1 I havo it 1 I will matorialiso this aotion; and if tho materialisation laoka an arm, or oven a log to ntand on — aa ia not un-» usually tho case — if it but Borvo my purposo boforo vanishing in thin air, I shall bo oon tont. I will ropreuont raomory at) a network of tolegraph wiroa, tho main lino connecting tho mind with tho beginning of conuoioua oxintouoo, and Bido wiroa aonneoting thia lino with oaoh ovont, each iuoident.-eiioh thought, of past lifo. Whon tho mind ia unimpaired, nnd tho linoa aro in porfeot working ordor, information oan bo obtained instantly from any of the outlying stations. Tho question is flashed over tho wires, and the answer is ro turnod, and tho combined messages constitute a thought. In many instances, howovor-i no perceptible, aotion of tho mind is required, and %o mind is unquestioning and at reat ; and yot, from tho various dopOta in whioh our oxporienooa'o! tho -past aro Btorod, tho measagos come trooping in, and wo oall thorn memories. These aro phases of tho normal aotion of the intellect and. tho undisturbed working of the lines. But I am alao familiar with many phasos of abnormal aotion, and various phaaea of wreok in tho lines of com munication: First, tho poor wretoh with the wire all down behind him, and tho past a blank. Seoond, wherethomain lino iaoutotagivon point in the past. Baok to thia point the communications aro perfoot and tho sido linos oompleto, but beyond— nothingness. Third, whoro tho main Iin9 ia oomplete and the side linoa aro in ordor near tho farther ond, but mostly broken or impaired from ohildhood to tho present. Thia is a common oaso. Tho gray-haired man prattles of tho soonea of his youth, but doeu not reoall tho events of his manhood. Evory wordof tho prayor his mother taught him ia familiar, but ho oannot romombor a Bentenco of the apeobh that mado him famous ton yoara ago. Ho does not rooogniso an acquaintance of yoator day, but tho faces of tho frionds of hia boy hood stand out dear and diatinot. I need not partioularioo further; every one le familiar with the gaps, in sections, whoro tho Btorma of life havo boaton down tho sido linos, and with tho downfall of individual wires. Neither will it bo worth whilo to call attention to the alight dorangoment of a particular wire that does not roBpond as promptly aa wo wish, but loavoa our quootion unanawered, whilo the operator at the other terminus apparently takea a short nap, and wo soratoh our heads in voxation. My object in writing this ar tiolo is to doaoribo thia well-known system of communication only so far as may bo nooos aary to explain the working of tho othor lino, whioh no one but myself appears to have unod ; and as I made use of both, I will doBignato tho formor as the Direot line, and tho lalter as the Zig Zag. Tho Diroot lino was always at my service one way— it would bring moBsages, but oould not bo roliod on to carry them ; it would transmit ono, and refuse the next in what I then thought a moat oaptious mannor ; and some times it would apparently grow sulky and ro fuse thorn altogether. But the patient Zig Zag was not oaptious ; it did not milk when called upon to do the work refUBod by itB rival ; it went stoadijy, ploddingly, at ita taBk, and nevor rosted till its work waB dono. These two lines were diatinot in almoBt every respeot, and in ordor to mako tho distinction plain I will describe as oonoieely as possible the peculiarities of the Zig Zag. First, it never took a deapatoh straight to its destination, but went zigzagging through' the past, making short flights from point to point, and sending baok messages from every station. Thoso messages woro dim pioturos of familiar scenes, that approached slowly and grow plainer until they reached a oortain uniform point of distinctness, when thoy vanished instantly. Seoond, theanroturn mosaages never con tained tho information I was seeking, and somo of them appeared to havo no possible oonneotion with it ; and yet I was conscious that each of those dissolving viowa, brought mo nearer tho objeot of my aearoh. Third, no communication came baok ovor the Zig Zag from tho atation whore it finally dolivored my despatoh, but instead tho answer oame flashing over tho Direot Lino. Thi3 was ttio most perplexing part of tho wnole trans aotion; for, although assured that eaoh re turning message by the Zig Ziag brought me one station nearer tho station containing tho object sought, I nover knew how many still intervened, and tho answer by tho Direct Line invariably caught mo puzzling ovor tho laBt message by the Zig Zag, and gave mo a littlo shook, liko that experienced by a peraon whon another jumpa out -auddonly bohind him and oriea, ' Boo.' Fourth, the number of stations stopped at varied, and this variation appeared to have no relation with the remoteness or nearness of tho intelligence desirod. To make thia dear, suppose A and B to be stations on tho Direct Line— A containing atorea deposited five yeara and B thoao depositod six months boforo ; messages to B would somotimoa be carried farther around and stop at more sta tions than messaged to A. * Fifth, to oaoh despatch the return mosrmges oamo at regular intervals aftor thn first, whioh took about twioo tho time of caah of tho othera. Sixth, tho length of tho intervals varied with tho varying despatches ; the anawera to some coming vory slowly, and to othors quito rapidly. Snventh, sending and repoiving messages by this lino produoed a certain strain on mind and body that was not felt when using tho Direot Lino. And now, having partially desoribed the working of thia lino, I will go baok to tho timo whon I discovered it. I had boon noti fied that a furlough would bo givon mo by ap plying at a oertain office, to whioh I waa direoted, and, with viaiona of homo floating before my mind, I walked into the room and stopped at tho desk. A grave, stern-looking officer, with a pen in hia hand and a book before him, sat by tho tablo. Ho looked up and said : ' Your name.' I gave it, and thon Bupposed ho would fill out my furlough; but instead ho recorded my namo in the book, and then inquirod: 'What regiment do you belong to?' Of oourso I know por footly well that tho information sought waa among my atoreB, but whon I turned; to tho paat with tho question, ' What rogimont do I belong to I ' I was amazed to fiud that tho Direot Lino did not respond. My deapatoh waB off on tho Zig Zag, and Boon tho misty messages oamo back : First message by Zig Zag. A bloak fiold, with a swamp extondiug from aide to side near the oontre ; tho fiold onolosed with a atookado, and crowded with wrotohed, dirty, ragged men ; outside tho doad-lino, a long row of skeleton forms, with doad faooa turned to tho sky. Second mestmgo by Zig Zag. A long lino of Union ooldiors charging through an opon fiold, with a forest boforo them ; tho lino ia broken and jagged, as if it had mot a blizzard of load ; thoro aro empty saddles, and fallen flags, and a bluo-andred windrow of dead. Third messago by Zig Zag. A rogimout of soldiora on dress parade ; tho aoldiors wear bluo coata ; thero aro figuroa on tho fronts of their oapa. By tho Direot Lino, Hoventy-uixth Now York. I gavo tho namo of my regiment, and tho officer daBhod it down, and askod, brusquely : ' What company ?' I ought to havo boon propnrod for thia' question, but I waa noc. My mind waa bo dazod with thu utranRo workinga of tbo two lines that I thought of nothing olno until tho question was put. Again I tumod to tho paBt, and inquired : ' What oompany ?' and again tho Zig Zng took tho quoation. First mosoago byZig Zag. A river npannod by a bridge ; boyond tho bridge au avoh of ovoigreona and floga ; a throng of mon hurry ing 'over tho bridyo and undor tho arch ; tho mon aro omuoiated and half-naked, but thoir faoon glow with joy. Second mossugo by Zig Zag. A forest; Union soldiers grouped round u dead oavalry man; a aorgoant with f coo turned toward tho group, as if about to givo an ordor; a lino of Confederate troopa in. front, ' By tho Diroot Lino, Company r. ^ 'V' I namod the oompariy, aud the officer ' ' it down, and Baid : ' Your oaptain'a n X, - ' And the Zig Zag took tho question '''' j _ FiraJ mossago by Zig Zag. AIo'drI,,,, Union Boldiora, with a group of olW ► horaobftok in front ; tho officorn with f l glasses to their oyoM ; the ground' In ir, doBoonding.to a amall atreatn, then asccndi to a ridgo ; the ridge crov7ncd with a line Confederate oarth-works and batteries uhi ohootora doployed aa skirmishers ktw'ca t linea. Seoond message by Zig Zig. a mv pen ; a scaffold ; six men with ropoa aroa their neoka and mcal- aackH drawn over tb' heads; a aoa of faces turned up -townrd i'' Boaflold. . '( Third messago by Zig Zag. A Imps'' drawn up in hollow squaro; a man knccP on a ooflln, with a file of soldiers boloio hiir an oftloor standing stern nnd pule, bij (t tended right hand holding a white handle chief. - ' ' By tho Direot Lino, Captain Goddnrd, The officer took down tho namo, nnd ii quirod, impationtly, ' When did you enlistx I had noted hia_ growing irritability, and it j oroased^ my distress. Othor piitionii ^J, waiting to bo questioned. Tho tout that hi mind waa hopelessly shattered \mu growisi into certainty. The strain on my mind ail body inoidont to sending and receiving ra«i. ?-. sages was intense. My knoas shook und'-'i me, and great drops of awoat, stood on n» forehead ; but I turned d-vnedly to tlie py - with tho inquiry, ' When did I enliBt?' 'x« ? Diroot Line rojocted the message, ttsitlii) tho others, but tho faithful Zig Zag did n.| desert me; although evidently ovcr-woi'cj, it camo bravely to tho rcacua, and took oj ? moasape. Tho first response was longer thsa usual in coining, but it camo at last. Measago by Zig Zag. A luryn sheoiiot water with a river emptying into it; a sing harbor ; a grove of oaka with a apoakcr'aftnod in the oontro ; tho grovo and stand coveted with people At thia point tho ofiicor rotated tho quca- , ,., tion, 'When did you enlist?' Tho inter. ruption broko tho oonneotiou on tbo Zig Zag. ':'?' Tho tono of the question demmdod an im mediate answer of some sort. I mode : cna . ; , desperate effort to force tho answer from tbi \\. ? Direot Lino, then I Baid Hadly, ' I can't tell,' The' offiaor laid down hia pen, and said . petulantly, ' Ican't giveyouafudougUityott: ?''?'?? can't toll mo whon you enlisted.' Oh, the ; agony of that moment I I was not to go homo ?:.- after all? Wua it not enough that I' was shattered in borly and mind, but must thij vory ruin cut off ray last chance for recovery? .'. I thought not of tho forma of respect dua from a private to a superior ; I folt only' th$ / '. injustice of fata. Tho instinct of flell-pnaor. ,. ... vation afldortfld itself. Thu old spirit of re,; .J1'J, aiatunoe that hud carriod mo through ao many : trials blazed out nlraah'for a raomont, and I , exclaimed passionately : — ' Can't you maka somo allowance? Oan't you see what a wreck I am? I'vo been in : prison, God knows how long, and I've had tha fever, and I can't think 1 ' The' protest bogan almost fiercely, bat it ondod in a wail. I broke down utterly, and cried like aohild.- For a moment tho silonoa oi the room waa broken only by sobs; then a ? . gonllo voice said: ' I can make allowance; don't distress yourself.' Could this bo tha voioo of that stern official? I glauocd at him ' through my tears, and from that instant I huve had a truer understanding of tho story of the transfiguration. His faco was as tanda as a woman'u. With tho utmost gentleness, ? ho assured me that tho matter could ba 61- (?--' ranged, that I must take timo, and give the j date aa nearly aa poaaiblo. Thus onoourag(Sd,-. ;.?., I commenood again on tho Zig Ziig, and found . .. , ; tho year, and then tho mouth, but not the . . day. The furlough was granted, however,. ' and, storing the paper safoly in my pookot, I , took tho .first train for homo. At first I was a good deal troubled about the' peculiarities, of the Zig Zag, but I soon made a discovery that proved it' to be iV friend, and also showed that tha Direot Line,' ; in rofuaing Bome of' my messages and taking ;' . others, was acting ucoorcliug to law instead of in a spirit of oaprice, aa I at first supposed. The work of the Zig Zag waa to open com munications with tho stations on the Diroot Lino, and it had only to convoy ono message to eaoh station to aooompli3h this. When tha meaaago was received and tho auawoi'Bent $, baok by tho Direct Liuo, the connection with ;,-? that station by the Direot Liua was estab lished, arid messagoa flaahod baok and forth with thoir former regularity. I havo bafore ; apokon of the messages that oamo unbidden; .} theso alao opened uomuiunication on tho '? Direct Lino, and to tlieso two uota of Btfttiona;:: -', my mosaagea went straight. . Stimulated by*' this discovery, I oporated tho Zi;; Za(j oheer fully, for I know that each returning mesaaga ; enlarged thoaron of tho reconquered territory. . : By ineana of tho voluntary' messages and_ tuo V; eiiorta of tho Zig Zag, I was aoon in direot ;: communication with moat of tho BtationB, '. and tho ubo of the Zig Zag became tho ex- ty ception. At thia timo I used to ponder ',., a good deal on tho Bubjoot, and atrivo to £' ;? oomprehond tho working of those linoa. Ono r^ thing that porploxed mo greatly was tho gap ?jj'v - between tho lnat mossago by tho Zig Zag anrf.^.,^ - tho return message by tho Direct Ijine. On;5'ji '?. exploring thoao stations after direct oomtriu- f ,-t; nioallon hud been established, I found that ,. i| some of the Zig Zag meanaKos approached vi'j/ very nearly the information required; for-;q oxamplo, tho ono in regard to tho company. -?£ It- will bo reoolloated that, in the last pioturo J presented by the Zig Zag, a aar/;oant stood ft3 j if about to givo nn order. Now, tho order £ roally givon was: ' Oompany F, into line;' *| but as no inkling of what this order waa ' reached mo at tho timo, by either lino, tho . i gap, though apparently small, uould not ba : filled up. Al other tiruisH, I uoulil not, by tho . most oaroful examination, fiml tho loast con- ; neotion between tho l:\at miMugo by tho Zig Zag and tha answur by the Diruot Lino. Tliia , puzzlod mo, and I imagined tlmt noma o£ tha , mossages by tho 'A\% Zag had inisourried, and '( had found thoir way to h»mio unknown doad- j letter oflicu ; but I finally bouama satisfied'. , that the gap, in each instance, extended only . j from tha last station on tho Zi(j Zdg to tho. \\! Btation on the Direot Lino containing tho in- j formation sought. I now givo thu coursa ol ? reasoning by whioh thio couoluabn was ] reached. -Since the mumiiigoB by the Zig Zag . -, oamo at rogular intervals after tbo iirdt, and -' tho first took donblo thu lima of eaoti of tho othera, I concluded tiiat tho detiptituU I eent travelled at exactly tho t'limo ratu ol' npeod aa tho return inosaiiges. Tluu1, ii A, B aud 0 represent stations on tho Zig Zag, end 1) tho dobired point on tho Direot Lino, and tho in terval of timo botweon nwasufioa waa fivo sooonda 'later, or at tho omoC tima that my doapi'.toh rcaohed B ; whilo tuo mesdayo from B would reaoh mo ut tho same hialunt that my doapatah reauhed C, i«nd conuequontly tho raoaiinyo from 0 would rouuh me ac tlio saiuo timo that iuy doipntch reached 1), tlio point on tho Dirc-oi Lint) ; and hh tho trrtuumisaion of measafjea on thn Diroot Lino occupied no ujipreoiabla time, thi.-i viuw of tho oaao wa3 ' sustained by tlu fact that tho i-.n.-uvei' by tho ( Diveot Lino always oamo to mo whilo I waB i i examining tho last mcHjiign liy tho Zig Zan._ And now tho history oi thin ntraugo lino is ' , ' finished, nt least bo far nn my knowledge oi it j oxtondu. I bid fnrowvll to tho Zig Zng for-/ ever. Ah I but is it forever? As 1 bit in tho1 twilight nnd watch' Use gntluiriiig tihadowa,1 mu\ think of tho timo in tlio not distant future, whon tlio bImiIuwh nhall gather for tb/ last timo, and whon perhaps tho parting soill will long to send tho final messages of lovc/I .aak mysdf, ' Stmll I not tlud it ngftin ? ' ,' 