A Pastoral ILeííer. We have been requested to print the foi« lowing pastoral letter, which has been issued by the Biahop of Newcastle :-? XO ÏHB MEMBBRS OP TUB CHURCH OP ENG. LAND IN THE DIOCESE OP NEWCASTLE. DEAD BBUTHIIKN IN THIS LOUD, 1 have been requested to commend to your liberal support the Newcastle Diocesan Cbuich .Extension Fund, which is now being eatabli-bed in accordance with a resolution pr.saed at the recent èessiûD of the SyDod of this diocese. In Cumpljing with this re» quest I deeire to put before you some reasons why the appeal about to be made should be heartily responded to. 1\. The prêtent financial position of the diocese is very unsBtisf.-xt.iry. I believe that nn impression prevails widely that the bequeste of the late Bishop have rendered unnecessary any special effort in behalf of those diocesan funds on which the stipends of the clergy largely depend. This is a serious mis- apprehension of the f acts of the euee. The executors h we not at present bren able to pay any patt of the additional income which was provided for the sti« pends of the clergv in 'he terms of the late Bishop's will. At the close of the present yesr these pny> meats would have amounted to mure than seven thousand pounds. If the annual income which h na thus failed us had been forthcoming, the present appeal would not h.ive been necessary, 2- Under these circumstances the gradual diminu- tion of the sum received as "State-aid " renders our position one of great anxiety. It must be under- stood that what is known by this name is not a fixed sum paid ennually by the State to the diocese, but is entirely dependent upon the employment in our parches of those clergymen who are in the receipt of it. During the last two years the diocese has lost the benefit of an annual income of three hundred pounds by the resignation of two "f the older incum» bents. Ii is obvious that the deficiency thus caused -a deficiency which will increase in the natural course of events-must be met in some way unless the parishes vacated are to be left without the minis* trations which bave been hitherto supplied. 3\. It will be observed that I bave said nothing at present about 'Church Extension,' The foregoing remarks have reference solely to the maintenance of the Clergy who are at present employed in the Diocese. But a living Church must be a growing Church. It may be said of such work as ours that every need supplied brings to light some new need. The division of a parish necessitates the supply of a parsonage, Increasing congregations demand largar churches, while the settlement of new districts ana the growth of population in districts that bave lone been settled, render absolutely necessary occasional additions to our small staff of clergy, How are these various needa to be supplied ? We are compelled to appeal to tbe churchmen of the Diocese. A great diminution in the incomes of the Clergy would be a serious disaster in many homes which are at present none too bountifully supplied, while the withdrawal of any clergymen from their present pests, owing to the failure of the Diocesan < Pund, would be a retrograde movemsnt of a moat lamentable character. I bave only to add that the Fund in behalf of which I plead will be used by the Diocesan Council for the paymont of stipends to the Clergy. I trust that those to whom this letter is addressed will combine to relieve the Diocese from this grave difficulty. Suppose that all churchmen agreed to follow the old rule of Betting apart one tenth of their income for holy uses, what a wide variety of agencies might be set on foot for the spread of that Kingdom which is righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost I " It we have sovm unto you spiritual things, is it a great matter if we shall reap your worldly things ?" The Organizing Secretaries appointed by the Dioce?an Council will be ready to explain these matters to you more fully. I commend the cause which they represent to your libsral support, II am, dear Brethren, your faithful servant, J. B, NEWCASTLE. Morpeth, July 1,1885. 