Ghosts. — An attempt is being made in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many are the wonder ful stories that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost : ' How do 1 know that yon are not a bit of undigested ureaur ior, ot an iuc ghost producers, a bit of ' heavy' bread ie the most potent. It is a won der, therefore, that people do not adopt the sorest spell against gho6ts by using Borwick'g1 Gold Medal Bak\ng Powder in making bread ; for, olthc*»gh ft won't 'raise ghosts,' it toill raiso bread jn the most admiiable faBhion* Every wis'-; storekeeper has it by him, and vory goor*. housewiee buys it. Woman's Sphere — There are few men now so benighted as to believethat woman's mission car. bn summed up in Shakespeare's words ? i'o suckle fools and chronicle small beer.,v Yet a woman is none the worse for knowing bow to bake bread or make a custard, and iis both these little arts she is greatly assisted bjr Messrs. Borwick & Sons, who, for bej convent ence, have ]-roduced their celebrated 'Baking Powder' and Gold Medal 'Custard Powder*' With tbe former article lbs most palatable bread, cakes, and pastry can be prodnced speedily, and with xaayvellously little trouble; whilst, Tvitb tho iatter, she is independent of the domestic lies., and can make the most delicious custards, blaac-manges, &c;, at half the usual tilQd, May Good Digestion ttait on Appetite says Shakespeare, bat 'good digestion' will never wait upon bad bread, and it is therefore of t he greatoM importancethat in making bread one Fho»ld use only those leavening agents which have acquired a high reputation through 1 lo'g use in households throughout tbe world Korcmost amongst these must be reckoned ' Borwick V, Gold Medal Baking Powder,' which bad stood ihe test in every cHmate of the world; Get \t, use it, odi'i add your testimony to that oi the million! who praise it. , Small CAWXA-tSTSwiBUing \r 'Establish a Business should Fee if there i& an opening for a Mineral Water Manufactory in their district,.. All information and receipts for tbe purpose: i making Lemonade, Soda Water, &c.;, is givem ^previous knowledge is not necessary. Tbe demand for these drinks is so much on tbe in* crease, in all parts of tbe world, that the outlay for the maohtnery in all cases leads to a prov able and safe business. Catalogue forwarded frco. or can holm*, at the office of this paper on naymen of Is.— Barnictt and Fosteb. Engi neers 230, Fotstgn street, London, N. 