tloveliBt. DMLYONSM^ CHAPTER XVI.—(CONTINUED.) — — — By WAIF WANDER. —. - "Does any one but you know of this plaoe ?" he asked, suspiciously, as she held up the lamp torhim to see around him. "Only Ellen." " What iajt Jo? ?.,. Whatdo you have such » hiding-place for ?" "Don't you see?" she asked, "we diapered it by accident, and I have sometimes -d it to bring fools into blindfold to frighten r? with visions—have .you forgot that I fortuneteller, and the witch of Mount ban, DanLyons?" " i. have forgotten nothing," he said sharply, tuere is light here, or those ferns would grow---mind, woman, how you dare to *ve me." I am not depeiving you," and she drew ~ v .a screen ofold bags as she said so, " there span I burn my herbs and sulphur in, the skull that frightens gold out of fools 1 ate, and as for light you will see it up « among the slopes. of the roof when the 's not so low. And now I will show oat I mean nothing unfair—follow me \- hobbled up a steep incline that was in u^rner^of the cave, and then turning a corner^ suddenly there was a dense screen of 'iv verdure before Dan Lyons. If ypn doubt me at any time, Dan," she eaid," you have only to part them branches, and you are free; on the side of .Mount Roban. And now I must get back for fear some one 8hould gejt into the hut and look for me. I will hringyou a bed and food and drink, and no policeman can ever set an eye on you hew!" " Stay, Kan 1 If 1 want you, how am I to call you?" " Knook at the trap-door; I shall hear you, if not the first time, surely at the second." She put the lamp on. a ledge of rock, and left the murderer there alone, with the sand undef his feet and the ferns by his side, and he lay down to sleep again as criminals so often sleep, with the shadow of their terrible doom surrounding them closely. CHAPTER XVII. THE MURDERER'S DREAM. It had been a day of great excitement at Marranga, and over the township the round mbonshone on a generally-shared and great disappointment—Dan Lyons had not been arrested. Every man who had turned out to search for the loet child had tried to hunt up the murderer, but the sun had set and the moon risehvainly so' far as the iarrest of that fated man. At the cottage, out in the garden, somevwliere standing, and Beated on the edge of the erandahj were several of the parties you have become Interested in, I hope, during the relation lof this story.^ Mr. Pollard was there, andLeohard Prosser with him. Little Daniel Wtssiahding leaning against the wall of the hcruBeat a little distance, and in a spot from which he could watch his mother's movements to and fro between kitchen and sick chamber.^ Tady was talking to the boy and looking in Darnel's face with a sad pity, and the boy had oonfided to the honeBt Irishman mere of .histhoughts and feelings on the late evehts than he would have told to even his mother. To his-mother, do I nay ? Dan would not have trusted her with one idea now; he had lost Mlcorifidenoe in her, and lost it for ever. Xt'is ft sad state of affairs between a mother and chfld when the latter gets old enough to xeaion and suspect the actions of the author ofhis.bemg, but it had come to that with Ellen jj3riffithB and her son Daniel. The boy was getting on for thirteen years old, and he had not reached that age without having heard many sneers striking at Ellen, passing his-<iisrepatable old grandmother's lips. Now thatheknewhis mother had actually visited ihat vile murderer and secured his escape, Daniel T»gan to recall these sneerB and hints, and to shrink within himself at what thmr meaning may have been. Dan did not tellTadyConnor anything of his suspicions a®fcinst hismother, but he said enough to m&ke; th6 Irishman so sorry for the lad as to be anxious to sever him entirely from Marranga. EfBBY now and then as they were speaking fhaboy would look toward the door of the room where his dead eompanion lay. Constable Loader stood there silent and grimlooking, for his disappointment was keen, and he^ad yet to impart his want of success to Charlie Ellis, who he knew would not give fcinv good words for it. It wasn't his fault, certainly—he had done all a man could do; but In allprobability the impossible would be expected from him. Loader had said a word or two of this to little Daniel, and the bo/WaB determined that if he oould trace .Dan Lyons through his mother^ he would tell Loader first of it, for Loader faadftten kind to him, and it seemed just (to him, who had the trouble of search all day,'that he^houldrie in the success, if success ihere was,'and Dan was thinking of this even while Tady was idling him how he and Mr.-Leonard were going away as soon as the daim was worked out, and what a lovely land \- Ireland was. " Dan," said a woman's voice near the boy, and-hfrBtartod ae -he turned quickly to her, for he knew it was his mother. " Come here, I want to speak to you, my son." Ellen Griffith was ^fending in the shadow of the verandah as she spoke, and she had a dark shawl folded around her. " Dan," she said," if any one asks you for me, tell them I've gone up to do a message for Miss Fanny." " To the farm, mother ? Why it's miles away." " I'm only going up to grandmother's, Dan, only I don't want any one to know I'm on Mount Roban. I don't think any one will miss me; but if they do, say I'm gone on a message. I won't be long, and Nurse Brown is with Mrs. St. Herrick." She was gone, and the boy stood where she had left him. Gone to grandmother's 1 and then it flashed across the boy's memory like a gleam of lightning, that there were hidingplaces on Mount Roban 1 Old Nan did not know that her cave was no mystery to little Daniel; but I should like to know what place to climb, or what rock oi tree or cave could ever remain a mystery long to Australian Bush boyhood. One day, two years ago, -Daniel had tracked a wombat into that cave, and explored the corners where the bones and the skull and rubbish were, and he had once frightened the hag herself half out of her senses with a deep groan, just ae she was pretending to call up the devil with her pretended sorcery. Dan Lyons was hidden on Mount Roban 1 That was the idea that flashed upon him so vividly. He stood still for a minute to think, and then he went to the side of the glumlooking constable, and whispered to him— " Mr. Loader, don't tell any one juBt now; but I think I know where Dan Lyons is." "Whatl" almost yelled the constable in his surprise. " Hush! I'm not sure you know, but I want vou to come and see. Can you without telling anyone?" " What makes you think this, Daniel ? Tou must tell me more than that; I can't be going off on another wild goose chase just when we are expecting Ellis back." " I am sorry you can't so, for I'm sure he's there!" the boy said decidedly. " I can't tell you how I know, but I do know, and I will ask Tady Connor to go with me." " Stop a minute, Dan," the policeman returned, as he laid lus hand on the boy's arm, " let me ask you a question or two. If the villain is where you think could one man arrest him ? " "Dan Lyons is only one man and we, you and,I, would be two," the boy contemptuously replied. " I am only twelve years old, but if I met Dan Lyons alone I am sure that God would help me to kill him." "Me boy," Tady said softly, " do you think the • little girl that's .lyin' cowld inside would like to hear you saying that you would make a nfhrderer of yerself." "No, she wouldn't, and I didn't mean that, but I'd die myself to see Dan Lyons punished for killing her." " I will go with you, in the name of God, wherever you go, Daniel, and if these fingers of mine can help to twist a knot round the villain's throat they'll be strong, I know." It was Loader who spoke, and Tady Connor looked wonderingly at him. " Where does the boy want you to go ? " Tady asked. " Io take Lyons; he thinks he knows where he is. Come on then, my boy, we mil have a look at this cave of your's." " Daniel 1" cried Tady, in a hoarse, low voice, " don't go ! don't go, ais dragging a man to the gallows iB no work for a tender-hearted boy like you." "I'm not tender-hearted. I hate Dan Lyons. Didn't she ? " and he pointed toward the room where Resignation lay so still, " she used to call me her friend, and I would go up Mount Roban the darkest winter night that ever fell to see the handcuffs on her murderer's wrists. If you do not come I will go myself." " There is fate in it," murmered the Irishman. "We can't let the child go himself; let us both go with him at all events." It might have been nearly eleven o'clock when little Daniel, leading his companions by a circuitous way, sb as to avoid any chance of meeting his mother, climbed up the wooded sides of Mount Roban. The moon was on their backs as they climbed, and when they crossed a patch of grass on which no trees grew, their shadows fell short and strangely distorted on the hill before them. ' " Do you see that rock a little to the left ? " the boy asked, as they paused on one of these grassy spots, over which hung the great branches of a yellow box, " the cave is just behind it, and if you look among the trees farther on you will see the light in granny's window. Now you can wait here until I come back and tell you if he is there." "If he sees you, my poor boy, there mightn't be time for you to cry <jjit," Tady said anxiously. "Let us fill go together." " No, we would make too much noise. There is no fear for me, I wont let him see me until you are there." "The boy is right, let him go," was Loader's decision. " These young nativeborn chaps are like native cats in the bush— there is no fear of him coming to harm." Daniel knew every rod of the way he had yet to go, most of his young life having been spent about Nan Griffith's hut. He had treed 'possums on hundreds of old trees up Mount Roban, knew the warm haunts of the snakes by the sunny rocks, and had friends with many a pretty lizard as it crawled from warm, mossy nooks on the fallen logs. And not always alone—even as his heart beat wildly with his eager excitement and hope of being the one to bring Dan Lyons to his doom, the boy's eyes filled as he remembered Resignation as his dear lost companion in many an expedition in search of wild flowers on the skirts of old Mount Roban. Light of foot, the boy quickly reached a rock, from which he had but to stop and crawl through the bushes that screened the opening from the cave which Nan Griffiths had pointed out to the hunted man. He paused there, and drew back, for he heard some sounds that were not of the leaves or the breeze, of the sleeping birds, or the gentle 'possum. There was a sharp rustle of branches that were parted by two fierce hands, and the boy was face to face with Dan Lyons, only a thin screen of leaves between them. In the pale moonlight the man's awful face gleamed with an unearthly whiteness, yet the shadows under the overhanging eyebrows seemed dark as an even starless midnight. The thin lips were closed tightly,«and there was something so terrible in the eyes that looked, out and down the mountain to the valley beneath that little Daniel shuddered and shrank from it. Dan Lyons had no hat on. ThemarkB of the tonsure were still .visible on his head, but long thin locks straggled on his temples, and were blown across his sunken oheek by the damp nightbreeze. He looked up to the stars and the moon, down to the township, across to the cemetery, and to Murder Gully, and he mut- tered a curse as his eyes rested on the last. "He has kept his word so far, damn him! he groaned out between his clenched J 66 ™'." &? d now ^ is not the brat's face I see but his 1" With these words he let the branches rustle into their places and disappeared, leaving toe boy to crawl back as he had come to tell his companions of his success. "I could almost have touched him," he said, with such triumph, " but it will be far safer to get him in the cave, and I can show the way 1" " Tell us something about the inside of that cave," the cautious policeman said, and Daniel did his best to describe the inclined path inside, and the sudden turn behind the screen of bushes. : "What are oar plans?" Loader asked, turning to Tady Connor. " Can I count on you, Connor? " " Tou can so," the little Irishman replied, " but don't let the lad in it at all." " I'll be in it, in spite of you," was Daniel's firm declaration; " you can't go without me, and I'll hold the wretch while Mr. Loader puts the irons on his wrists." " There's a fate in it!" Tady groaned, repeating himself, " so go on, and I will be at your heels." When themurderer re entered the cave, after looking through the screen of bushes down on the fair sweet world beneath him, he dosed himself with poison again, and flung his gaunt form upon the rough bed Nan had supplied him with. The bed, sach as it was, lay on the floor of the cave—if the wretched man stretched out a hand on either side of him it lay upon the cool sand; with Either he could have gathered the pale green fernB that flang their delicate fronds almost to his pale face. But he did not feel the sand, or pluck the ferns—he slept and dreamed. The murderer's last dream! Oh, merciful heavens, that such a thing can be 1 That a being on whose soul lies the curse of him that sheddeth blood should dream of happy faces, and the innocent laughter of children 1 That he should feel the breath of the sweet sea on his face, and the touch of loving lip3 on his cheek 1 That he should feel caressing woman's arms around him, and the perfume of the roses on her bosom in his nostrils, and awake—oh J pity of it—awake, to feellihe felon's irons on his wrists 1 Dan Lyons dreamed that he was a boy again on the green mountains of his Irish home. He heard the whisper of the waters of the river near which he was born, and the rustle of the sedges upon its banks. It Beemed to him that he heard his mother call him by the name " Dan I " and that somehow or other the notes of a lark away up in the blue eky were mingled with and drowned his mother's voice. Anon he was in a great ship on a wide sea, and he saw the white crests of the blue waves breaking and rolling down the waters like sheets of white fire under the silvery moon. There was music and dancing and kind Words; there were girls' bright eyes and girls' sweet smiles. It seemed to the miserable man that he was sailing on a never-ending sea of happiness, and that there was no such thing as sorrow in the wide world around him. And then he tossed his arms in his sleep and grated his set teeth, as he mumbled awful, broken words. Great gnarled trees seemed to be stretching their crooked limbs all round him, leaving no hope for nis escape. Trees without a single leaf on them, and so pallid and dead that they seemed like serpents, slowly and hopelessly entwining him. He struck at them with his hands and cursed them with his lips, and he awoke shrieking out to find faces bending over him that were not the faces of his dream, and when he struggled to rise he found he could no longer touch the sand, for there was steel- on his wrists I Even then the poor boy Daniel flung himself on the man, and held or tried to hold down his struggling limbs. " Tie him! tie him down or he will get away 1 Tie him 1 tie him 1" Daniel's face was scarlet with a great passion; the fury of an awful excitement burned in his eyes, and as Tady dragged him from the helpless man he shrieked all the louder, " Tie him down! tie the murderer down {" Tie the murderer down! That awful cry was heard by two women up above in Nan Griffiths' hut. One of the women was Daniel's mother, and as she recognised her son's voice, and knew that Dan Lyons was taken, she fell forward on her face at her mother's feet. ^ " It was as neat a job as ever I saw done 1 " Constable Loader exclaimed; " and now Dan Lyons will you go quietly with us, or must we drag you down the hill like a bundle of firewood?" "Let me empty that bottle," was the hoarse reply, " and then you can take me to hell if you like." CHAPTER XVIII. THEBE ARE TWELVE OF US. The night waved slowly on, and Mr. Pollard, Leonard and Dr. Syme hovered yet around the front of the cottage waiting for the long delayed arrival of Charlie Ellis. They had missed both Loader and Tady Connor, and did not know what to make of it, and the doctor had just been in to see the sick woman, and was telling the friends about her*state. " She lies in a most peculiar state," he explained, " and as I cannot honestly say I understand the case, I have sent to Bowden's for Dr. Crowther. Half the time she sleeps and then only she seems conscious, dreaming doubtless of what she talks of, sometimes loudly and sometimes in a painful mutter. Her husband's death, her daughter's name with terms of endearment, instructions to Ellen Griffith about household affairs, all proceed from her lips when asleep, but through all and above all is the name of Dan Lyons and her unforgiving hate of him." And when she is awake ? " Mr. Pollard asked. " When she is awake Bhe lies as one dead, save that her eyes wander round as in a restless search for something, she knows not what poor thing." "Here is Ellis on foot," said Leonard," and he is coming quickly. Bless my heart, how | tired and upset you look, Charlie." " I am both," the young trooper replied; " but I have no time to tell you much until I see Loader; where is he ?" " We don't know, he has been gone from this a couple of hours or more, and Tady Connor, it would seem, with him." "No clue yet of the man ?" " Dan Lyons ? No; Loader and several of our fellows have been in every possible direction all day—the man has disappeared as suddenly as if he had gone down in the earth." " The shafts ? Have they been searched ?" "Over and over again. St. Herrick's was deserted when Loader went straight to it after coming back from Bendarrack. No, Dan Lyons is not captured yet." " Thank God 1" ejaculated the young trooper, as he took off his hat to wipe the dust and perspiration from his face. " That the murderer is not taken! We are all surprised to hear you say that," Mr. Pollard said, " and you must have strong reasons indeed, for I know that one great object with you, since you w6t& stationed at Marranga, was to find some trace of poor Colonel St. Herrick's murderer, and bring him to justice." " At this time yesterday, no greater prize in my profession, if I may call it so, could have been offered me than the capture of Dan Lyons—now I pray to Gad that he may not fall into my hands!" " Good Heavens, Ellis, explain yourself 1" " I will. I was returning to-day from Yawbenack, where I had been to see Father O'Farrel about Conn. Brady's statement, and had almost reached Marranga, when I was overtaken by the priest himself, who had ridden after me in consequence of some information he had gained that was of the greatest consequence to me. I need not tell you word for word what he said, the whole of the matter being comprised in the fact that Ike Lyman's American party have sworn to lynch Dan Lyons, even if they had to drag him out of Marranga lock-up to do it I" Pausing a moment to permit of a host of smothered exclamations from his listeners, Charlie went on again. " You know such a thing would be ruin to me, and it would leave less blame on my shoulders if Ike Lyman had to take Dan Lyons himself before he falls into our hands at all, for take him he will, living or dead. Ike was never known to"go baok on his word for good or evil. I did all I could. I turned back and rode to Bowden's for the man who is stationed there." " And brought him with you ?" "Yes, he is at-my station now; but what would our three be against Ike Lyman and his American's ?" " You know that many of us would stand by you Charlie," Leonard said, as he laid his hand affectionately on the young trooper's shoulder. " You would be willing to do so I know my dear fellow, but all of us would be as feathers in the way of these twelve determined men. I saw them once on the war path, and I don't want to see them again, though they only burned down a shanty at Ryder's—a shanty that deserved it too, for it had become the haunt of all sorts of immorality and rowdyism." " This looks very like our lost party coming down the road," observed Mr Pollard, " and they're running—something is wrong Charlie." There was no time to say more ere Loader, Tady, and little Daniel were upon them. The constable was pale with excitement, and so* tired with his^xertions that he could hardly gain breath to speak to Charlie. It was the boy who cried in triumph. " Dan Lyons is arrested." " Speak it out Loader," Charlie Ellis urged, though I guess what it is." " We took Dan Lyons up on Mount Roban, and I had no sooner lodged him in the lockup, that Ike Lyman's vigilance party surrounded the station." " Didn't I tell you ?" Ellis asked of Leonard with the calmness of despair. " Go on Loader." " Smith from Bowde^i was there—he told me why you had gone for him, and Ike Lyman sent me for you, Ellis. He wants to talk to you for a minute he says." " They have taken possession of the station ? " questioned Mr Pollard. " Yes, and are armed up to the teeth. A finerlooking body of chapB you never set eyes on, and they'll lynch Dan Lyons as sure as I see that moon." " We must do our best to save him " young Ellis said, " who is with me in this ? " " All of us, of course. I am a magistrate— I have a right to reason with these men against wrongdoing." "Do you call lynching Dan Lyons wrongdoing I" cried young Daniel. «• A murderer, a murderer like him! " " Daniel, my boy, don't let your young voice be heard in such a serious matter as this," Mr Pollard said to the lad. " It is time for you to be in bed." If I had been in bed Dan Lyons would not have been in the lock-up," the boy sulkily returned. " It was me that showed Loader where he was hiding, and I hoped to take him!" Daniel answered with pride. "is that a fact ? " Constable Loader was asked. " An undoubted one, sir—we should never have dreamed of searching for the man where the boy guided us." Mr. Pollard looked sadly at the puzzled lad, but the importance and necessity of immediate action about Ike Lyman's bold step put poor Daniel's affair in the back-ground— only Tady murmured for the third time that day. " There's a fate]in it. God help the boy, there's a fate in it?" " I, at least, have no choice," Charlie said, as he turned toward the police station. " It is my duty to try and save this villain from any punishment that is not meted out to him by the law of which I am a sworn servant, and I will do it if it is at the risk of my life." " They will surely not proceed to extremities it\ the face of a Justice of the Peace," Mr. Pollard said. "Go on, Ellis, we are with you." They went on in silence, a band of six men, with the boy creeping after them, unnoticed for the moment save by Tady, who dropped back to Daniel's side and vainly whispered an advice to return. " They can't prevent me," Daniel said doggedly, " and I'll see Dan Lyons hung in spite of them. Mr. Pollard thinks it dreadful that a boy like me should be glad to see a man die. Does he forget that Dan Lyon killed Resignation's fatlaer and then Resignation herself ? I should like to see him torn in pieces by wild horses." " My poor boy, my poor boy," the sympathetic Irishman whispered, and with his arm over Daniel s shoulder Tady followed the little band before them. When they reached the station the moon, now high on the left hand of the road, shone down on a peculiar scene, considering the time of night and the place. Twelve horses were tied to the fence and either side of the police gate, six at one side £nd six at another. Lithe men, tall and dark looking, and with a thin crape stretched across their faceB, stood grimly awaiting the arrival of the policemen, while distinctly thrown out in' dark relief against the white walls of the lock-up were four other men on guard, and dressed as were the others, simply in dark belted pants, grey shirts, and dark felt hats. As Charlie Ellis advanced in front of this party his quick eyes glanced from Ike Lyman's uncovered face to the revolvers in every belt around him. " You have done a very neat -job, Ike Lyman," Charlie said, " taken possession of the police camp and a prisoner -of-the Crown, to say nothing of turning a policeman out of the camp in the middle of the night." " We have not turned the poor fellow out," Ike replied with a grim smile, " we only sent for you, for, on the contrary, we are very anxious to have all the constables in the station to- night." * Where is Smith, from Bowden's ? " Charlie asked. ; ( The policeman you went for, Ellis ? Oh, he is on guard over the prisoner in the lockup." A low laugh rippled from one man to^ the other of the grim band. " My friends, this is no laughing matter," reproved Mr. Pollard, as he stepped toward Ike Lyman : " you are committing a grave breach of the law. My name is Pollard; I am a magistrate, and I would urge you to go home peacefully, and leave this unhappy man to be dealt with by the British laws he has defied and outraged." " You know our object here, then, Mr. Pollard ?" " I have heard, with horror, that you have threatened to what is called ( lynch' the wretched being who has been «rrested for murder, and is now in that lock-up," Mr. Pollard replied. " You have heard the truth; such is our intention. Now, sir, will you tell me if you believe this Dan Lyons to be an innocent man?" " God help him, no 1 There can be no doubt of his guilt. He has not denied it to Loader here." "No; he has boasted of it. He buried Colonel St. Herrick alive twelve years ago out of revenge for a just act of the Colonels, years previous to that. Now he has come baok again in the guiBe of a prieBt, and has killed Colonel St. Herrick's innocent child in the most cold-blooded, cruel manner. Don't you think Dan Lyons deserves death ? " Yes, but not by your hands." " You think he deserves it at the hands of the law? Well, sir, I am glad you agree with 00; we are going to put lynch law in force on Marranga, and Judge Lynch has sentenced Dan Lyons to die within the hour." " Try to realize that it will be Lyman Law if you do this deed," cried Mr. Pollard. " You are the leader of thiB lawless party, Ike Lyman, and the blood of this man will be at your door." " If it did I should know it to be a mark on the right side of the Big Ledger for me; but you are mistaken, sir, we are one and all in this. I am only Ike Lyman of the American Vigilance Committee, and there are twelve of us, all told. Is this true, mates ?" " THERE ABB TWELVE OP US 1" was the reply from every throat, echoed by the men on guard at the lock-up; and it was echoed also by the desperate being inside, who heard every word that was spoken, and knew that his doom was sealed. " You hear," questioned Ike 'again," there are twelve of us, good men and true, who are willing to ahare all the sin of taking a villain's life, believing it to be a praiseworthy and just deed." " But there is no necessity for you to have this wretches' blood on your hands," pleaded ' the pitying J P.; " he is now in the hands of the law, and his doom is as certain as if you take his life." "Is it. Your law is a queer institution, my good friend. Let me see just what would be likely to happen in this fellow's case. There will be an inquest on that innocent creature who lies under the same roof with her dying mbther, and Dan Lyons would be committed for trial. From lock-up to courthouse, from court-house to gaol—remand, postponement, loss of months. In all these there would be a hundred opportunities of escape by bribery, by sympathy, even by death—we will trust none of it, our decision is made." " Will you let me beg for time and mercy for this wretched, guilty man ?" asked Leonard Prosser, eagerly. "I wonder if you oould find words, Mr. Prosser, for I know you have a sister at home about the age of this cruelly murdered girl." " For the love of God don't murder Dan Lyons this way," cried poor Tady. " You speak feelingly my good man; do you beg his life because he weartua priest's coat? Tady Connor, I know all about your feeling for him. You knew of this villain's blood-guiltiness before any one did, and you would have hid it and let him go free. Stand back, my man, the night is going, and our work is before us to do. ,; " Not while I stand here to do my duty 1" cried Ellis. " There are only two of us, for it is not our friend's duty to die in defence of our prisoner. It is mine, however, and you will pass over my body to remove Dan Lyons from our custody." "Perhaps so, my good man, but it will, please God, be a living body," . Ike coolly responded, as he wrenched Charlie's ready revolver from his hand. How it happened the witnesses would have been puzzled to describe, for in a moment, as it were, Constables Ellis and Loader were being marched off to their own lock-up under the guard of a detachment of Ike's men. "There is no harm intended you," Ike himself declared; "not a hair of your head shall be harmed, only we will have our man, and we will see that no blame can possibly attach to you for what we do this night. Bring out the prisoner." He was marched out between two men, his white face showing ghastly in the moonlight, his wild eyes staring in terrible fear upon the faces of those around him. While the door, of the lock-up was open, Charlie Ellis andi Loader were pushed inside, and the heavyironed door clangcd upon them. You are better out of it," the Lym&ns; said, " and we will release you the moment all is over." Out of the gate Dan Lyons was marched, with the grip of a strong man on each arm. His handcuffs were unlocked with a key taken from one of the constables, and hiB wrists fastened behind him with cords, but not until the long black coat had been taken from his back, as Ike cried angrily: "Tear it off him! We musn't let any man's religion be mocked or despised by the touch of a rope !" And Dan Lyons had said as yet no word. If he could have told he might have said that the terrible words, " There are twelve of us," were repeating themselves over and over in his brain as he looked hopelessly around him. What could he do face to face with twelve men ? And what could the others do? Some words the doctor and Mr. Pollard again urged, but they were taken no heed of, and every man, save those in charge of the prisoner, soon stood ready to mount by his horse's side. " Bring him here," Ike commanded again; " he rides on my horse to-night, and Ike Lyman will hold his bridle." As Dan Lyons was passing to his place voiceless, he saw the boy Daniel crouching against the fence, for the reality of the awful scene had at last told upon him, and he felt how terrible a thing it was to die. It was a cruel murderer, no doubt, but it waB awful— awful to be dragged out in the night to die, God knew how, at the hands of these silent men whose faces were hidden 1 Even at that last moment he remembered that even gentle Resignation would have pitied him, though he had killed her, and before he thought more he was at Ike's side, pulling him by the arm, and almost shrieking in his agony of remorse— " You. have no right J Let Mm gO, let him go 1 " " Too late my lad," sneered Dan Lyons, with a fiandish glare at the boy. " You have done your work well. Stop men, I must speak to this youngster, and some of you know I have the right." " Lyons, if you never did one good deed hold your tongue now," cried Mr. Pollard, with uplifted hand; " spare the boy for the sake of that mercy you so sorely need yourself." • " He has spared me," was the bitter reply, as his eyes met Daniel's, with a hate that haunted him for years; " he tracked his own mother's footsteps to lay the police on me, and he may now live, curse him, with the knowledge that he hunted his own father to death." The poor lad shrank back as though he had received a blow, and would have fallen if Tady's arms had not caught him. His lips grew white, and he trembled as he shrieked out, " It is a lie 1" but Dan Lyons withered him yet with those /burning' eyes as he replied— "It is no lie, you cub ; ask Mr.Pollard—he knows; ask • your mother—she knows; and may the curse " he was gagged before another word could pass his lips, and in a moment twelve men rode down the road with the murderer in their midst. Daniel's whole frame, collapsed, and his weight lay in Tady's arms as he whispered faintly— "I hope I am dying. His son I Oh, mother, mother, a murderer's son!" " Don't believe him, Daniel dear," Tady Connor shouted bravely; he's no father of yours. Don't I know ? Wasn't I here long before you wor bom? Ask Mr. Pollard there ; and whisper now, sure I didn't like to say it before, but it's your father I am meself, a&thore;! You won't be ashamed of poor Tady Connor for a father, will you ? and we'll go home to Ireland, where you will never hear of that scoundrel Dan Lyons again ;^and i there now, he's better," the honest fellow said. as Daniel turned his face to the fence and burst into tears. " If you can carry him away in that belief, Tady, you will have done a good action, and saved a young life. To such a boy as that, the knowledge that his father had been bung for such terrible murders would have ruined him." " Oh, I'll swear him into believin' it, and if I never take a worse oath, the Lord will forgive me for it, I know. Come on home wid me, Daniel, alanna." And so away into the shadow of the distance the murderer and his guards passed from the sight of the horrified watchers into the shadows of the distance, where could be traced in the moonlight the dark entrance to Murder Gully. " They are going to hang him on the spot that witnessed his deeds of blood," whispered Mr. Pollard in an awestricken voice. " And there is justioe in it," added the doctor, emphatically. Yes, they are going to execute the man on the olaim in which he hp,d buried one victim alive, and within sight of the spot where he had hidden another. The wretched murderer knew that, as soon as he saw the direction they were taking him in; but' if he had not been gagged he could have spoken no word. For the faces of the dead were around him, and the voices of the dead were in his ears. He saw Colonel St. Herrick as he had seen him last, and he heard his words as he had heard them then— " If you leave me here to die, as you see my face now, you will see it at this hour every night until you. die yourself, and your own death will be worse than mine—aye, a hundred times." \- That was what the murdered man had said to him—aye, what he was saying'to him now, with his white faoe within a yard of his own ! And they had come true, every word 1 Colonel St. Herrick had been bis companion every night for twelve long years,' and now he was there before him to see him die 1 "And I'm glad of it 1" he shouted,as they stood him on his feet and took the gag from his mouth. " Hang me, and get it over 1 No hell can be worse, than life surrounded by devils!" " Man, try to realise the awful importance of this moment," Ike Lyman said sternly. " By your own confessions you are guilty of theloulest bloodshed—ask your God for meroy now, while it is not yet too late." " Meroy to me means Oblivion.' I have asked it of Him so long in vain that I will not try now. Do your worst." "Abe, give us a prayer," Ike said again, and his brother lifted up his voice in a power* ful appeal to the great First Cause for mercy on this doomed man. It was a scene to be recalled, and that was recalled by many of the participators for years after. Twelve men with bowed bare heads and a pinioned one standing upright in their midst. The steep sides of the gully mottled with moonlit patches and blaek shadows. The claims with their pOed-up stuff and silent windlasses. The leafiesB trees on No. I, and under one seared, gaunt, outstretohed limb a coil of rope lying on the ground. A solemn pause after Abe Lyman's prayer had arisen to heaven, and again his brother spoke. " Dan Lyons, won't you say one prayer for your&lf; ?" " Not one," returned the monster; ask Mm to pray for me," and he pointed lo the imaginary form of Colonel St. Herrick. " Then I can only say for you, may the Lord have mercy on your soul! Mates we are one in this matter? If there is one doubt that we do a just deed let it be spoken," and the answer was— " There are twelve of us I" Before the echoeB of the words had ceased to ring around among the rocks of Murder Gully the noose was around the doomed man's neok, tightened, and become a power that drew him up among the .dead limbs of the horrified trees upon which no leaves had grown for twelve years. In one dreadful moment he saw the blue, deep starry sky above which was the dwelling place of his offended God, the spot where he had laid the bloody form ef the murdered child, and the face of Colonel St. Herrick before his eyes to the last! Oh ewhat a terrible death to face! Among those men who stood gaping in silence at that figure suspended a dark, struggling form between them and the pure sky, was there not more than one who wished that the deed had not been done though there were twelve of them. CHAPTER XIX. AND LAST. The scene has changed and the time. It is two years since Dan Lyons had met his doom at Marranga, and from the window before which Leonard Prosser is seated there is outspread broad Carlingford Bay, and the green slopes of the County Down. Leonard's face is but little changed—his calm and thoughtful nature is not one that leaves many traces on a handsome faoe, and Tady Connor's wrinkled, queer visage is from other causes setting defiance to the ravages of time. On the morning I reintroduce these two of my characters to you Tady is standing on the opposite side of his master's table, and they are talking over sundry affairs of the management of the Prosser estate that are in . Connor's charge. Suddenly Leonard changed the subject. "Daniel's holidays are nearly over are they not Tady ?" " Yes sir, time's up a Monday next. We war thinkin' of axing you for an extension Mr. Leonard; tisn't so long since ye war glad of a holiday yerself," Tady added, with a twinkle in his eyes fixed on his foster brother's countenance. Leonard smiled. "You have never regretted fathering the lad Tady ? " he asked. 'Regretted! Sure you'xe not axin' in earnest Mr. Leonard, for well you know I never did. Everytime that boy calls me Father' me heart jumps up in me mouth, but truth to tell sir I don't think he believeB I am that, though he never see so. Any word from Australia since Mr. Leonard ? " "I had a letter this morning from Mr. Pollard—I was just going to tell you." " No word of the mother, sir ? " " Tale or tiding of either Nan Griffiths or her daughter have never been heard of since. Do you think Daniel frets about her ? " " He thinks of her I'm sure, Mr. Leonard, but fretting I don't know. You see that business of her trying to save Dan Lyons he has never got over. But he will get over it, plaze God. never saw anything like the way me mother has taken to him, and, indeed, he to her. I declare I believe she sometimes fancies he is her rale grandson." " When are you going to give her a ' rale' one, Dan." " Never, sir, with the help of God." " Now that Nora Brady is within a county of you " "Mr. Leonard," Tady interrupted, with such an expression of pained reproof on his honest phiz that Leonard hastened to appease him. "You are right, Tady; I ought to be ashamed of myself, and of course I was only joking. But everyone does not know that the irl is sister to a murderer, and it is to be f oped that some deoent man may yet make her a wife. "I hear that both Conn and the mother have become very devout," Tady said. " I am glad to hear it. Charlie Ellis and Miss Clarke are married, Tady." " Axe they dr. Oh, by gob, he oould veil afford it. We did well w tiiem tuicc mouths' work, though the Lord knows it was like murder to me to come up out of the shaft and see that rope hanging there ever and always—I wonther if any one tuk it down yet ?" 4 1 1 don't know, Tady; it was a hard climb and no one liked to touch it. Well, Charlie has resigned, at all events, and they are married. Mr. Pollard says that the gully is deserted once more, and that he feels sad for a week after he visits the cemetery." "Indeed, and no wonther. Ohl it was the sad sight the day of Mrs. St. Herrick's and Resignation's funeral ? TOere tbey wor in one grave, you may say all three murthered by that cruel villain." "And Dan Lyons within a stone's throw of them." " Outside the fenoe though, sir; not in consecrated ground, anyway." " Oh no, of course not, Tady." " Did you hear exactly where the Bradja are, Mr. Leonard ? " " Near Armagh. It seems that they came home by the first ship after Conn'6 moat unexpected reoovery. It was a lesson to him, and I am glad he is a changed man:" " There was room for it, "Mr. Leonard." - 1 " There is room for improvement in eveiy one of us, Tady. And now will you go and tell Daniel that I'm on for *a morning s fishing if he likes to come with me, and we will talk over that question of the extended holidays." "Oh, /they're as good as granted. Mr. Leonard; Daniel will be so glad to go with you." " A minute more, Tady. I would not say anything to the boy about the news from Australia; it might unsettle him." " Of course not, sir." "And there's one other item of news in Mr. Pollard's letter. It's quite in your line too, Tady, for you believe in ghosts, I know." "Dan Lyons has appeared 1" exclaimed Tady, making saucers of his round eyes. " Something like it. Several have declared that they have Been him hanging in the Gully where the Americans -left him. It is always an moonlight nights, of course; and the dead man swings round his rope, showing his white faoe at all parts of the compass. Now, you know, Mr. Pollard doesn't vouch for the truth of this, Tady, nor does he believe in it." "There's plenty of men as wise as "Mr. Pollard, though I've nothin' to say agin' the gintieman, that believes in. the like," said Tady, as he opened the door for his own exit, " an' why wouldn't they ? Doesn't it Btand, to raiBon that part of a lost sowl's punishment may be to see his sufferin's an' lus sins over again on earth ?" THE END. 