LOCAL NEWS. THE EXTRA SHEETS OF THE " MERCURY." The third sheet of this day's paper contains - Advertise- ments ; Poetry, " Ironing Shirts ;" Continuation of Tale "Atley"; Goulburn River Social Union; Mer- riwa School of Arts ; Tasmanian Official Hospitality ; The Local Option League ; Wesleyan Conference The second sheet contains-Advertisements ; Mait- land Co-operative Baking Society ; Newcastle News ; Editorial"Article-" The Local Option League"; Eng- lish Mail Telegram ; Anniversary Day Amusements ; The Local Land Boards; H.B. Farmers Co-opera- tive Company ; Protecting River Banks ; the Hat. field Manuscripts; District News-Largs. Stroud, Dubbo, Newcastle ; Cricket ; Sunday's Mercury ; Late Cablegrams ; A diamond of 457 carats ; Sport- ing Gossip by The Vagrant ; Miscellaneous Items. CONFIRMATION AT BISHOP'S BRIDGE.-An announcement in other column announces that the Lord BiBbop of the Diocese will hold a Confirmation Service at St. Andrew's Church, Bishop's Bridge, to morrow (Sunday) at 5 p.m, There is also to be a Communion service in the same church at 9. a.m. SIGNOR LARDELLÍ'S FAREWELL.-Last evening a large congregation assembled in St. Mary's Church, Weet Maitland, to enjoy the last of the series ot recitals on the organ with which Signor Lt>rdelli during his residence in Maitland has delighted thousands of hearers. Mingled with the instrumental selections were several vocal renderings, and at the beginning and end of the recital the choir sang an appropriate hymn. A collection was mads during the evening, and the proceeds together with an address were presented to Signor Lardelli by the Rev. W, H. H. Tarrington, incumbent of the church, We are obliged to hold over a full report. ST. PAUL'S CHURCH, WEST MAITLAND.-It will be observed by advertisement elsewhere that the Rev. P. Tydd, M.A., a clergyman on a visit to the colony, will preach after morning service at St. Paul's Church to-morrow. There will be a children's service and distribution of prizes in the afternoon, and in the evening full choral service, and Te Deum will be sung at the close in thanksgiving for the harvest. The collections throughout the day will be devoted to reduction of the debt on the parish. MAIL CONTRACTS.-A supplement to the Gazette, dated Tuesday, Jan. 20, contains particulars of con- tracts entered into for the conveyance of mails. MR. J. A. FROUDE IN MELBOURNE.-Mr. J. A. Froude and his son, Mr. Ashley Froude, arrived in Melbourne by the steamer Australasian, Mr. Froude is travelling for his health, and will not lecture in the colonies. He was waited on by a represent- ative of the Argus, to whom be stated that he desired to see the British Empire welded together as a whole, and that subject overshadowed the smaller one of colonial federation. He considered that the colonies are not yet ripe for federation. During his visit to Canada he found the people thoroughly loyal ; at the Cape of Good Hope a similar feeling exists ; and he believes that the same idea prevails in the Australian colonies, and thinks that with each unity of senti- ment the actual federation of the Empire should be comparatively easy. Mr. Froude speaks in high praise of what he has already seen of Melbourne. He was not prepared to see so fine a city as Melbourne, the harbour lined with shipping, wide streets, full of active people, and the smoke betokening the prog- ress of the manufacturing industries, He is the guest of his Excellency the Governor, and will probably remain so for some days while in Melbourne. VOLUNTEEB INFANTBY COBPB AX MUSWELL BBOOE,-On Tuesday evening a volunteer infantry corps was establishedatMuswellbrook. The members, numbering 64, were enrolled by Adjutant Boam and Sergeant Major Leckie. SDBBCBIPTIONSIN AID or MBB. H. PHILIPS.-It will be remembered a short time ago that an appeal was made for subscriptions in aid of the widow end chil- dren of Mr. Henry Philips who died from sunstroke while working at the Maitland Brewery. The family had not been long in the colony, and when the hus- band and father were stricken down on the 10th of the present month, the family were left in poor cir- cumstances, and when an offer of assistance was made Mrs. Philips expressed a desire to return with her children to her friends in the old country. A liberal response has been mads to the appeal so ma "e and as will be seen by advertisement in another column the total amount so far subscribed is £64 9s 9d. The gentlemen who have the matter in hand desire to see the amount made a little larger yet, so that Mrs, Philips and her two children may have their passages paid to the old country and have a small amount m hand when they arrive there- Ar>y further sums will be thankfully received, WOOL SALB AT NEWCASTLE.-It will have been noticed from our advertising columns that the fourth wool sale will be held at Newcastle to-day (Saturday) when Messrs Brunker and Wolfe will submit a large and varied catalogue of wool, sheepskins, &o.; The sales take place at the wool stores of the Great Northern Wool Dumping and Shipping Company, near the wharf. These sales are increasing in pop- ularity, and as the wool offered at them comprises some of the choicest clips in the Northern district, and the purchases can be shipped direet from New- castle, it is no wooder they are held in such high j esteem. Intending purchasers and others interested will observe that the sale will commence at two p.m. j SÏDNBX HIGH SCHOOL ÜXAMINATION.-lue re- sults of the «summation in connection with the Syd ney High School were maia known on Wednesanj It is stated that the accession to the number of pupils will be so great as to folly tax the accommodation afforded, lhere were 124 candidates, ot whom 00 passed, being 55 boys and 35 girls. The female candidates did better work than those of lost year, and a slight improvement was also noticeable in the acquirements of the boys Arising out of the axam mations are five scholarships for girls and the same number for boys, but tbe names of the successful pupils will not be made known until after the return from the country of the Minister for Public ln»t us lion PEI JOBV IN A COBONBB'S COUET-TUB ques an has been raised as to whether a coronor had power tu commit a witaeBS directly from his court in a j cass where such witness has apparently committed perjury in the course of his evidence. It would seem, according to the Minister of Justice, that a coronor possesses no such power. Mr. Vindin recently submit- ted the question ior the consideration of the Minister, and has been informed "that any perron sworn in the coroner's court to give evidence and making a wilfully false statement is liable to prosecution, but the coroner bas not the power to commit for perjury committed before bim." Ma. DAMPIER AT THE VICTOBIA THBATBE. Patrons of the Theatre have had no reason to com- plain of lack of variety in the week's programme submitted by Mr. Dampier and his excellent com- pany. There has been a change each evening, and the performances have been well attended by ap- preciative audiences. On Thursday evening the attendance was much larger than on any previous night: there was a full pit, Bnd nearly all toe seats upstairs were occupied. The piece presented was Charles Reade's popular, stirring drama " It's never too late to mend." The piece is not new to Maitland audiences. It has been produced here before with more completeness in some respbcts, and with better results than on Thuisday evening, There were im- perfections in the performance which could have been avoided, And the drama have been presented in its entirety. However, it was moat thoroughly ap- preciated by the large audience assembled, and the principals were heartily applauded, There was some capital scenery ; the prison soene WHS especially good. Mr, Dampier in, the character of Tom Robinson added another to his long list of successful performances, It was splendid acting, and met with very warm appreciation, Miss Lily Dampiergave a capital representation of the part of Susan Mertoo, the lover of George Fielding (portrayed with much success), and Miss Rose Dampier, whose pure, fresh voice gave an interest to the character of Josephs, did excellently. Mr. Edmund Holloway sustained the part of Mr. Meadows with his accustomed ability. Mr. Stark, who is successful in all he undertakes, made the beBt of the excellent character of Crawley, for which he is so well fitted ; while Messrs. Drayton, Arthurs, Stoneham, Rodney, and Herbert in the partB of William Fielding, Mr. Merton, Isaac Levi, Rev. Air. Juden, and Jackey (aboriginal), respec- tively, and the rest of the performers all merit honorable mention for the good endeavours tbey made to make the situations telling,-Last evening there was another large audience, all parts of the house being well patronised. " Hamlet" was pro- duced with highly successful results. Mr. Dampier's impersonation of the Danish Prince was a very clever performance. He possesses qualifications that emi- nently fit bim for the character. It was in every sense a manly impersonation, He delivered the text forcibly and concisely, and there was no undup emotional display. The gentleman who sustained the character of Laertes acquitted himself creditably. Mr. Holloway sustained the dual parts of the Ghost and First Actor with acceptance, and Mr. Rodney was a capital Horatio. Mr. Stoneham as Claudius was successful, but Mr. Marsh was not altogether suitable for the part of Polonius. Mr. Herbert made a good gravedigger. Mrs. Holloway as the Queen of Denmark gave generally a very acceptable render- ing of her parr. Miss Russell took the part of Ophelia. The rest of the characters were fairly filled. -To night the Company will appear for the last time, when " The Gre an Lanes of England" will be placed on the boards. EAST MAITLAND POLICE COUET.-Yesterday Mr. James Mair, P. M., and Dr. Spink, J, P., occupied the bench at the Bast Maitland police court. Lovick Tyr- rell was fined 5s, with 2s 6d court costs, for suffering a cow to stray, Eliza Rawlins, 'on remand, was brought up on suspicion of being of unsound mind. Dr. Alcorn deposed that defendant had been under his treatment in goal for a week. She was in a very low state of health, and her mental faculties were not strong. Defendant, who declined to go to the Benevolent Asylum, was further remanded till Tuesday next. NOBTHEBN JOCKER CLUB,-On Wednesday even- ing a meeting of the Committee of the above Club was bold at the Club rooms, Cohen's Hotel, at which there was a good attendance. The principal object of the meeting was to consider the position of the Club with regard to obtaining the Park for the race meeting. It was decided that the Club should make a formal application to the Council for the use of tbe Park for a two days' meeting about the first week in May, and the Secretary WBB instructed to write to the Council to that effect. The meeting also decided to present the Secretary (Mr. W. C. Quinton) with a gratuity of £10 10s in recognition of his efforts in promoting the interests of the Club. The motion was prsposed by Mr. J. Clift jun., seconded by Mr. W. H. Mullen, and supported by Dr. R. G. Alcorn, all of whom spoke of the ability of Mr, Quinton, and of the unceasing way in which he worked to advance the interests of the Club. THE MINISTEES IN THE NOBTH.-On Wednesday the Hons. W. B. Dalley, J. S; Farnell, and J. Norton, accompanied by Mr. R. H. Levien, M, L. A,, proceeded by special train to Tam worth, from Newcastle: Tbe Attorney-General and Postmaster-General were met by the Hon P. G, King at Duri platform, and were driven to Goonoo Goonoo, the residence of that gentleman. Mr, Farnell remained in Tamworth on Wednesday night, and on the following day the whole of the ministerial party proceeded to Nundle, where a banquet was held. Yesterday afternoon the foun- dation stone of the new post »nd telegraph office at Tamworth WBB laid by the Hon. J. Norton, the Post- master General. In the evening a banquet was held. SUNDAY INQUESTS ILLEGAL-Some misapprehen- sion appears to exist as to the power of coroners to institute inquests on a Sunday. It is clear, however, that the holding of an inquest on that day is an illegal act. It is distinctly laid down in the manual ot in- structions to corners that " The proceeding by inquis- ition is a legal act, and cannot, therefore, be held on a Sunday, which is dies non juridunii, or one on which no judicicai act can be performed; and the coroner has no power to impanel a jury on that day, even for the purpose of viewing the body, for if the inquisition appear from the date of the caption to have been taken, or even initiated on a Sunday, the whole proceedings will be void," In the case of the young man Walker, who was drowned at Bolwarra on Saturday afternoon the body was not recovered for twelve hours afterwards, and no inquest conld consequently be holden on tbe Saturday. The parents were anxious to have tbe body of tbeir son removed to their residence at Wallsend on the Sunday afternoon, but this could not be done, as the body had not been viewed by a jury. Mr. Vindin, however, with thnt kindness which has marked his term of office arranged to hold an inquest at 4 o'clock on Monday morning, so that the body could be forwarded by the early train to Wallsend, A correspondent at Bolwarra bas written to us in high terms of com- mendation of Mr. Vindin's action in this matter, and refers to many similar Acts of kindceBS shown by that gentleman in his official capacity. THE THEATBE ON ANNrvunsAEY NIGHT.-Play eoers who remember the visit of the Ellen Fergus Ogden and Marian Willis Dramatic Company to Maitland some short tims back will note with plea- sure that part of the Company intends performing in the Victoria Theatre on Monday evening when an excellently varied bill will be submitted. The first item on the programme is entirely new to Maitland audiences, viz,, Gilbert and Sullivan's comic operatic trifle of " Stella and Featus, or the Bashful Lover." The well-known Amateurs, Messrs. Fitz- gerald, Gordon Brothers, and Taafe gives their assistance in an olio melange, and the farce of "A lesson to Husbands, or the Walking Photograph," will be the finale. The entertainment should provide a welcome means of suitably winding up the holi- day. An advertisement gives particulars TENDBBS ACCEPTED, - The following tenders have been accepted by the Government: Thomas Browne, supply of building stone to Maitland gaol ; J. G. Gatty, construction of high service reservoir, Newcastle; James Fox and Co., construction of reservoir, East Maitland ; Michael Scanlon, contract No. 30, road Glen Innes to Waterloo, £302 10s ; W. Shea, contract No, 20, road Armidale to Maryland, £29113s 4d, Air. if LBACXNJSLL -le will no doubt bepleaumg to the friends of Mr Cracknell to leam that be has so far recovered irom bia late niñeas, us to be aale to get about again, and anticipates being able to attend to his busine=o duties within the course of a week or ¡ so STEAXIKB FXCUHSIO%--RWMOND TKBBAC-* TO PATEBSON -An advertisement m an tber column announces that the steamer Daisy, whichhasjust com- menced running from Paterson to Newcastle, will make an excursion trip from Raymond Terrace to Paterson on Anniversary Day, Monday next The steamer will leave Raymond Terrace at half-past eight m the morninp and start from Paterson on the return tup at hall- ne three in the afternoon. INDIAN AND COLONIAL EXPOSITION, LONDON, I806-A Gazette upplement, dated Jan. 16, contains the names or gentlemen appointed on the Commis- sion to arrange for representation of New South Wa es at the Indian and Colonial Exposition to be held in London in 188t» Among the local names we note those of Mr. J N. Brunker, M L A, and Mr BanjiminW Levy. THE CABBAGE GABDhN- Sir John Robert on's well known speech in which he rather indiscreetly described the neighbouring colony of Victoria as a cabbage garden, is not likely to be soon forgotten On Wednesday evening during the performance of ' The Workman' at the Victoria Tnettre, Mr, G Herbert m de a great demand on the risible faculties of the hou e by his allusion to it. Mr Herbert was taking the part of Phil Tressidei, the drunken father of the leading character-and we may here mention that he deserves great praise for the excellent imper- sonation-acd was informing his daughter in law of news having been received of her husband from Aus- tralia Says Phil-" He was at a place called-let me see, what was the the name of the place-called Melbourne. It's a small village, Bessie, where they grow cabbngee " It is needless to say that the de- liberate and innocent way in which the words were spoken brought down the house, the allusion being too palpab'e to be miEunderstdod. MESSES HABBIBON AND co 'a LATEST IMPOSTA TIONS -It IB verj gratifying indeed to learn of the marked and almost unprecedented success that has attended the efforts ot that enterprising firm of iron- mongers, W 8 Harrison and Company, We»t Mait- land, who, since starting in business, have done their utmost to remove the impression prevalent for so many years-that only ironmongery of an inferior description was forwarded to the colony. Their stock is equal to any to be found in the Colony. Harrison and Co, have just received large consign- ments of table and pocket cutlery, scissors, razors, butchers'knives and steels manufactured by Joseph Rodgers and Sons, of Sheffield Several cases of these goods excel in appearance, quality, and price anything yet introduced by the firm. We would advise ladies and gentlemen who glory in good knives and forks, &c;, to give Messrs Harrison and Co an early call, as the supply is limited, Not alone in the cutlery department, but in every other line of ironmongery suitable tor agricultural and horticul- tural and general purposes, they have tried, and are daily trying to raiBe the standard by the introduction of first-claes brands, and at reduced prices, thus meet- ing a very much longed-for and needed thing in the hardware business, viz, first class goods at moderate priceB. They have always arriv ng direct from makers galvanized iron all lengths, ORB and Crown and Gospel Oak, and are satisfied with moderate profits Also, ¿and 1 inch crown hoop iron, for which we understand they have got a great name, both as regards price (6s 6d per bundle) and quality, which is guaranteed good, or money returned Another department worthy of notice is their cooking range, stoves, and grate room The patterns of theBe last are really unique, and the cooking capabilities of the ranges and stoves are househeld words. No money is asked if the article sold does not work satisfactorily. Surely this is recommendation enough in itself, and should se- cure a large demand, especially in a hot climate like this where the heat is tr> Ing enough to the strongest without wasting their energies, striving to cook with a range or stove which never could be made to cook properly. Their stock of artisans' and mechanics' tools is very large and varied, and of superior quality - it is a branch to which the firm has given special attention Builders' ironmongery is also specially looked after to see that quality of goods is Al, and prices low. Included in the list of im portationB is a very large supply of scales and weights, manufactured on a new principle, by Measrs, W. and T Avery, to the order of Harrison and Co. and some weighing machines, by the same makers, suitable for the use of grocers and produce merchants They are well worthy of inspection, It would, in- deed, be impossible to enumerate the various articles or goods in which they excel, We would, therefoie, suggest an inspection or application for prices and particulars of any uoods connected with ironmong- ery, glass, or crockery. This latter being a depart- ment, we almost forgot to mention, which in itself is worth inspection. In fact, all the foregoing goods named are only a few of the many kept in stock by W. S. Harrison and Co, Ironmongers, &c;, Mait- land 969 POST OFFICES -A post office haB been opened at Minto, on the Great Southern railway line, near Campbelltown, and the post office known as Inverella will tor the future be designated Evers- leigh. WEST MAITLAND POLICE COTJBT -The presiding magistrates at the West Maitland police court, on Thursday, were ¿Ie«ors J N. Brooks, P M, P. Green, R Scobie, and A. S Browne, J's P Two persons were dealt with for drunkenness In the case Mary Purtell v. Martin Purtell, maintenance, Mr Thomp Bon, vho appeared for the complainant, applied for a postponement till Monday week. Ho had received a telegram from the defendant's solicitors intimating that the defence could not be prepared for that day, as the defendant resided in Penrith. The bench consented to the postponement. In the licensing court, before Mesare P Green and R, Scobie, J's P, an application was made tor the transfer of the license of Colon's Family Hotel, Weat Maitland, from George Cohen to William Nettlingbam Sub- inspector Duffy stated that he bad ascertained that Mr Nettlingham held office in the Education De | partment of Queensland for ten years, and bore an 1 excellent character He had no hesitation in recom- mending that the application be acceded to, The bench granted the transfer. An application made by Mr. Nettlingham for a billiard license was also confirmed. Mr. Mullen appeared for the applicant FABEWELL CO\CEBT AT NEWCASTLE TO SIONOB LABDELLI- OD Tuesday evening, reports the New castle Herald, a concert of the above character was given with great success in the Protestant Hall to Signor Lardelli, who is about to proceed to Europe for the restoration of bis health, and to secure pro- ficiency m her profession as a vocalist, for Mrs Lar- delli. The building was ulled with a highly fashion- able audience, and the music end singing was ot a very high character Signor Lardelli has been long known and esteemed as an eminent professor ot vocal and instrumental muBic m the Northern Dis triât, and it must have been gratifying to him to see his friends rally round him on this occasion, Many of the audience, we are aware, came from a con- siderable distance The sin pera were Mrs. J. C Ellis, Mr Orr, Mrs. Lardelli Miss Cleeve, Mr A. H Gee, MISB Blanche Cleeve, Miss Symonds, and the Liedertafel A cheque and a purse of sovereigns were in the course of the evening presented to Sig- nor Lardelli the first from the Newcastle Liederta- fel, the second from the Signer's lady pupils The entertainment was in every way an unqualified suc- cess. HUNTBB KIVEB FABMBBS ANO CONSUMÉES Co OPEBATIVB COMB ANS.-From an advertisement elsewhere in our columns it will be noticed that a public meeting will be held at Mr. Job Vickery's residenc», Bolwarra, on Tuesday evening next. The promoters of this company are using every endeav- our to thoroughly explain the principles of the movement. After the farmers have bad time to think over the matter, it is the intention of the pro- visional committee to thoroughly canvaes the Hunter River districts, and give every person interested in agriculture an opportunity of becoming a share- holder. There can be no doubt about the success of the movement, if the farmers unite with a deter- mination to support it. We learn from the promoters that thire is no difficulty in getting applications for eb'ires from capitalists, indeed the who'o capital could be subscribed in a few days. But the object of the promoters is to get the farmers and consumers to float the company ; no doubt there will be a large gathering of farmers ac the meeting on Tuesday night. SALE OP FARM-We direct attention to the sale by Mr. J. C. Bonatius, at the Argyle Sale Rooms, Wolfe-street Newcastle, at two o'clock to-day (Satur- day), of a fine agricultural and dairy farm (50 scree), splendidly improved, situate on Moequito Island, near Newcastle.-Communtoated, THE INSTITUTION FOB THE DEAF AND DUMB AND THE BLIND -We have received from the Sec- retary, Mr. Ellis Robinson, the twenty-third annual report of this valuable and thriving institution, 