THE NOVELIST. SECOND LIFE.* BR MM. ALEXANDER AUXHOB OF " THE WOOING O'L." VOL. IIL flTTAPTER VIL When Leigh Bat down to read Trevor's I letter it was already too late to catch the last train, but he was at Charing Cross in time next morning for tbe first express. When he reached iiis destination it was too early to present himself at East Cliff, and he had ample time for breakfast and a hasty toilette answer to , inquiries; "ju.rB. *»ouu ww » home, but ilnVnlieadaciie, and had not left her room; tin the gentleman had better walk in." Tlie little parlour was untenanted when xJmi entered, and he stood waiting near SM, and solemn-her very figureBoe^reMive o£ despondency, that as she paused sdeHtly, as if too oppressed. to speak Leigh. sprang to her side, and taking Uc cold hand in both his own. exclaimed: " You know? You have heard? " I have-I had this letter just now, and I: Lave been trying to write to you." She gave him the letter ehe held as she BP"Pray sit down 1 You are trembling- you can hardly stand." He drew forward a chair, and, as she sank into it, resting her elbows on the table and covering her face with Tier hands, he stood by her and read as follows: "Dear Old Friend,-I have behaved very badly in leaving you BO long without any tidings of my progress and adventures; but I have been to Shanghai and back since I last wrote, besides much more o£ stirring occu pation which 1 have neither room nor time to describe." He then continued to (rive a flourishing account of his success, and the confidence placed in him by his employers, of the in creasing pleasure he took in his work, and the ambition beginning to dawn in his mind. "I have, however, kept the greatest and best bit of news for the last I am going to be married to a charming girl who is a great deal too good for me. Just imagine the change in a short twelvemonth!-from a broken-down, penniless vagabond to the trusted employ^ of a great house, the affianced husband of a pretty, elegant heiress. Of course it all cornea from Gribble's backing-op. He has been a trump, and has proved his great regard for my dear sister by his un bounded kindness to me. How I wish .she could share the happiness 1 really owe to her I Bat great as our grief has been, Gribble and 1 were saying last night, it IB better to know she is at rest, safe from all sorrow, than dragging out a wretched, hope less existence, from which there was no pos sibility of delivering her-my poor Milly 1 It would have been better for her to have died in her happy childhood! "I know all this will please and interest you, for the sake of old times. I hope to re visit England one of these days, and intro duce my dear little wife (that is to be) to my true and faithful 'Kooie/ as poor Mildred used to call you. My fianc£e is very prettily prim and puritanical, easily shocked, and all that sort of thing, and evidently intends to convert her unorthodox intended. I have no doubt she can teach me a good deal; but 1 don't intend the teaching to be all on one side. Now, pray tell me all about yourself and your boy. I feel as if you were the only relic of my home left in the land of tbe living." Some more friendly inquiries; a request for a reply, and the letter, which was evidently written in high spirits, ended. Leigh laid it down without a word. The movement attracting her attention, Mildred uncovered her face, resting her hands clasped on tlie table, and raising her eyes, fixed them on his with an expression so wistful, so un consciously imploring, as if her only hope of comfort was in him, that tenderest, purest pity melted his heart; and for a while Leigh felt as gently, simply kind as to some newly orphaned, desolate child. For an instant he could not command his voice, and Mildred Bpoke first " ft is all over, you see; I am quite blotted out. Sne spoke calmly, and taking up the letter, pointed to the passage, "It is better to know she is at rest," &c.;, and went on: It would be obtrusive on my part to come »V I? aSain-there is no place for me 1" My dear Mrs. Wood, cried Leigh, with a degree of agitation most unusual in bim, it ib but natural that so terrible a dis appointment should upset you; I was in nmtely distressed myself when I read Trevor's letter. (I have had one from him.) But you must not despair, you must not give way. T\u.s ra'ly lorces, and see what is the «r thing to be done; all is not lost" wv th"£ »t »s," returned Mildred, still XfiJwK41*e J,e*teP "even Mr- Gribble is Sfj ?' u V the best ; I dare not hi n QiCo jpon ^ jmu8t resign myself to be a shadowy ghost for the rest of my flays nroV;?? terr,b,y Toung 1 You see, they out n/fh'J1 hftve dropped ri . ? j Y®8 . I should r only work mis chief and trouble were I to reappear \ Yet wish What I have done undone 1 To-day I am beaten to the earth, but I shall gather up face thp£f"f«amTwhenu reaiise that 1 must Mtive!" alone-that there is no alter She slowly folded up the letter as a®a*n ^king her eyes to his-hopeless withX2 «^8e 8teadiness contrasted with the pathetic tremor of her lins. ^ b uncertainty was swept away br passionate admiral uon which flooded his heart and ennW» in suddenly revealing to MilJfred all moSnte^ai,atteur,y^ried not 8^; a blush mounted in her cheek, passing quickly away ^i'^vingher paler than before, but it wm stood! 10 Bh0W gh tbat he'was unde^ wai!!eJieftan Alternative," he said, in a impassbned0nB,h,hichRrewcIear aud mote no,i thM ^e^ande^»tine1Mlfo'nt0 a ^ft!r opposite towards her? disarms on the table, leant afikoffe"?a m°ment with her eyes wftli VJd?men|5 then covered silent th het hand» and eat still and T^SEgivejnVhe^ontinued, "but I not keep silence. Ihave tried bard to be a disinterested friend; I would have readily assisted to restore yon to your brother, to promote your happiness in any way, at any cost to myself: but it is not to be by self Bacrifice I can help yon. It is fate; will you aeceptitl" He paused, but Mildred, who was trembling almost visibly, made no reply. "Hear me," resumed Leigh; "you are absolutely free, you break no tie, you injure no one by entrusting your future with me. I am unfettered, I can work as well out of England as in it; a few years* residence abroad, an intimation to one or two friends that I am married, and none will ever know that you are not legally what you seem and what you will actually be-my beloved and honoured wife! You are a brave woman, and you have a long, lonely stretch of years before you: will you not risk something to exchange talis barrenness for the warmth and tenderness I know I can give you? Is it possible that love so deep, so intense aB I feel for yon could exist if yon had not Bome sympathetic feeling for me? Mildred, can you, do you love me ?" She took away her hand from her face, and looked straight into his eyes, a smile quivering over her lips. "Yes, she said very softly, as if to herself, " I do love yon." Leigh's face lit np into absolute beauty with the delight her words inspired, yet he did not attempt even to take her hand, which lay white and motionless Upon the table; he started np and stood erect* triumphant "Thenyou will let me try to make you happy 1 By heaven 1 I am giddy with the thought of the life before us! Think of the joy of everyday companionship I of every hope, ambition, undertaking snared! Mil dred, do you feel a tenth part what I do! You cannot 1 or you would not be bo pale-so still--" She Bilently, quietly stretched out her hand, which he seized arid covered with kisses; then pressing it against his heart, he went on; "?Why should that brute Welby live for ever? He is many years my Benior. He may die like other men. Then, the obstacle removed, our real marriage can be legalised. Why do you look so sad, Mildred ? Do you not see there is no obstacle to our union-to a future passed together?" "I see,"she returned with inexpressible soft sadness, "that such a future is im possible;" and she quietly withdrew her hand. "Why? surely you do not think there is any sin in such a union?" " I think there is a certain degree of crime in deliberately outraging laws under which we live; 1 think such crime brings down severe punishment- punishment that would fall on you as well as on me. I will not add the wrong- doing of such a life to the wrong I have already committed ) Do not tempt me. At least, 1 have always had the consola tion of knowing that no unfaithfulness to a man I detested sullied my life; 1 will not give it up." " You are cheating yourself with phrases," said Leigh sternly. "If you have given me your heart, where is your faithfulness? Yon cannot love, or you would not argne thus. It is easy for the cold to be discreet!" "Cold!" repeated Mildred; then her self control gave way, and Bhe burst into pas sionate tears: " You do not know how I long for the life you describe 1" This confession stirred Leigh's soul to its depths. . He poured forth prayers Bnd per suasions, and drew the most vivid pictures of the existence which awaited them; but all was in vain. "That 1 do not resent your urging me to such a course," said Mildred, when at last he grew sullenly Bilent, and walking to the win dow leant his arm againBt the frame, and his head upon it, "must show you that lam but too strongly in sympathy with you. I believe that you are blinded for the moment. I can not, and do not doubt that you are moved by real affection for me; nevertheless, I must not listen. It would be utter weakness," she went on with increasing impressiveness: " you are wiser, stronger,.more experienced than I am, but my instinct is true. A'oto, should detection overtake me, it would be evident that I lied from the intolerable de gradation of a detestable marriage, to labour humbly and honestly to get my own living. If I listened to you 1 should be simply an or dinary self-indulgent woman, escaping from her wifely duties to throw nerself into the arms of a lover." A deep blush spread over cheek and throat as she spoke. "Can you wish me to fall so low? Ihave done wrong, according to accepted rules : I will not odd this evil to the rest And for you, too, a life of deception, or of open dis regard of Bocial respect, would be tatal. I cannot be angry with you-I believe in you ; but I want you to Bee with my eyes, and-Ah 1 speak to me! Do not turn away 1 It wrings my heart to reject you !" and she started up. "Then why are you so hard?" cried Leigh, turning quickly; and taking her hand, he drew her to the sofa, placing himself beside her, and looking into net eyes with yearning tenderness. " Many a woman, who has done infinitely worse than giving her newunfettered life to the man Bhe loves, is reinstated in the world's opinion by time, by quiet atten tion to appearances, by absence-by a thou sand chances and changes. You would lose nothing by " " I snould lose myself in my own eyes I" she interrupted. There was a pause. " And you love me ?" asked Leigh, in a wondering tone. " And 1 love you!" repeated Mildred softly, solemnly. Leigh released her hand, walked down the room and back, then standing betore her, ex claimed : " It is a bitter disappointment When I knew your last hope was cut away, I thought I surely might be all in all to you. I did not think so brave a woman would have shrunk from the comparatively small risk I propose." ' I cannot brave my own sense of right," said Mildred. "And I could not imagine your sense of right would take such a view," returned rn i? . ®nt I muBt accept your decision. Jell me, Mildred, are you going to forbid me to appear in your presence, or make any other highly virtuous conditions ?" She smiled sadiy. " No; if you still core enough-if it aoM not vex or distress you, I should be glad denly' VO'Ce kroke, an<^ Bhe stopped Bud Good God 1 I am only adding to your sorrow-to your tria's !" cried Leigh, deeply moved, and again takiug her hand as he sat down beside Tier. " Listen to me I If you ? i ff ""e come to you, and bo of use to you, I will not breathe a word of the hopes and wishes I have dared to form-not, at least, till some change in youf circumstances makes such words allowable. Now, before I leave aj-Ww » Promise (hat should Welby (who is not irumortalHahould the brJ>te die, you will be my wife." s Ihere will be many changes before that talces^jriace," said Mildred. " He may outlive " It is not probable." " Don't grudge him bis life, such as it is !" she exclaimed. " I do. But long or short, will yon Rive me that promise 1 Say, ' Brian, I will be yours whenever I am free !'" She smiled, and raising her eyes to his, said : " Brian, I will be yonr wife whenever I am free-if you ask me,-and you are free until you do." "Thank you, dearest, beloved! I under stand the reservation. Another promise. Will you look on me'as your affianced hus band, and let me advise, and help, and in fluence you ? Will you give me your complete confidence ?" " I will." "I am satisfied ifor the present," said Leigh. " Remember, I look on you as my own-as you will yet -ba in the Bight of all men." * His eyes, his voice, thrilled through Mil dred's heart with a'jBtrange, sweet, terror. Should she always be able to resist him. "Your friendship may be of infinite com fort to me," Bhe said, with emphasis. " There should always be a basis of friend ship in love," returned Leigh, smiling as he kissed her band. # "Igive you both, and will try to keep the friendship uppermost ?" " I mast see very little of either," exclaimed Mildred. "You must be most careful, for every reason." 4,I know it-I dread it! The desperate difficulty of meeting with any safety was one of the many motives which drove me to think of the heaven of being with you always." " Now yon must leave me. I want to think -to rest, and somehow I cannot do either when you are here. I have been so shaken by thi3 letter-by you " " Is this the first-fruits of our loving friendship," asked Leigh, "that you banish me?" . "Even so. -I feel I must be alone." "Then I obey," said he. "May I not return this evening before I go up to town ?" " I think not. It is better not" "Till Sunday, then, good-bye. Tell me once more you love me." "I will not," returned Mildred, letting her eyes say so all the time. " For the present we are good, true friends." A long look, a hand-pressure, and he was gone. Though checked and disappointed, Leigh was not dissatisfied with the results of his interview. She had confessed she loved him, and how nobly frank, how free from all petty hesitations, all small scruples, the confession was I Her firmness surprised him, while it extorted bis respect, and added fuel to the strong fire already burning in his heart How glorious the full, unconcealed love of such a woman would be! And sooner or later she would be his. A certain degree of tranquility settled down upon his spirit as he thought that a full understanding had been established between them, that she had given him a promise of complete confidence, and on her promise he felt ne could rely. Then Sunday was but two days off, and he should again look into her eyes, and hold her hand that was all. He dared not think of more. Heaven ! what a beggarly account of caresses for to greedy a love as Ms! And Mildred, locked into the privacy of her own room, relieved ber heart by a long, passionate fit of weeping. But they were not bitter tears. Oh .ao 1 Under all her disappointment respecting Arthur-and she felt now a iraritanical wife would render com munication with him impossible-in spite of the shock which her conversation with Leigh had given her, the sense of being loved, fondly, tenderly loved, sent currents of sweet subtle joy shivering through her veins, aa notes of painfully delicious melody thrill through a sensitive listener like darts of icy fire. It was her very first experience of the most potent passion that can move the heart; and her attachment to Leigh had grown so silently, slowly, surely from their first meeting, that she now telt amazed and overpowered by the vigour with which it leaped into glowing life at the spell of his first words. How they repeated themselves over and over in her ears! How soft yet firm his tones sounded ! How his eyes had drawn hers to answer their language! She trembled at the idea of the power he held over ber. Even were she free she thought she would try to resist it. As it was, she mud. Nothing should make her listen to the entrancing project of being the companion of his daily life. The very passion of her own resolution warned her of its inherent weakness, and a sudden idea flashed upon her that she must seek safety by avowing ber existence to Gribble, to her brother, to Welby, and braving the result-except the result oi returning to the latter. That was an atonement more im Cossible than ever. But not yet Time might ring some less terrible solution of her diffi culties. So Bhe gradually grew calmer, and applied herself to write a letter to Koo, en closing Arthur's for her perusal, that selt denying woman always sending Lis epistles unopened. The result of a long, delightful consultation between Mildred and Leigh on the following Sunday was transmitted to Eccleston-square next morning. " There's a telegram for you, ma'am," said Davis, who had been called away from her mistress's forenoon toilette by a tap at the door. " Well, read it; I daresay it iB some im portant nothing from Miss Ferrers." " Mrs. Wood, EastclitT.' Dover, to Mrs. Griffith, Eccleston-square, read Davis. "Hat" ejaculated the blind lady, an ex pression of pleasure in her face; "go on." " ' Infection quite gone; 1 await com munication.1 " 4' Good, very good !" cried Mrs. Griffith. " Davis, you muBt go to that grocer aunt of Mrs. Wood's this very day, and ascertain if they have whitewashed the place, and used disinfecting fluid, and destroyed the bed clothes ana things. I shall make Miss Bent write as soon as I have your report It would be well to have Mrs. Wood back be fore we go to Pennogweu. She was the best -by far the best secretary I ever had. Won derful young woman-I should like to know if any new chapter of her history has been opened up! Now, I dare say Miss Bent will think herself ill-treated because I want Mrs. Wood back ; but I only engaged her as a stop gap. Be Bure yon go and see that Mrs. What's her-name to-day, Davis." Davis ventured to say she had heard that Mrs. Leavett hod taken due precautions, and that no one in the house had canght the fever. "Heard! How have you heard, I should like to know? I hope none of you have been disobeying my orders, putting your heads into the lion's mouth." " No, certainly not," Davis assured her lady; " it was only what the baker told cook." "Thebaker I"shrieked Mrs. Griffith. "If he is reckless of contagion, who is safe ?" Davis quickly availed herself of the per mission, and paid a long visit to the Morton atreet Btore, bringing back bq favourable an account that Mre. Griffith dictated a short, but decisive, note to her favourite secretory I am very glad yon have had the sense to go oat of town. I shall be happy to receive you. Let me know when you can return." One more Sunday, at Leigh's urgent re quest was spent by the "sad sea waves,"and then Mildred went back to the routine of her old occupation-with a new trouble, it is true, but with renewed hope, reinvigorated vitality to endure it. It is^ not necessary to describe Mrs. Leavett's joy and exultation at receiving her boy, bright, brown, and beaming with health -to welcome her dear young lady, and thank her for ail the care she had lavished on Dick. She did not view Mr. Arthur's letter with the same despondency as his sister. . " It's a grand thing for him to get a nice, rich wife. Don't tell me she won t be proud to know a lady like you! Just you wait a bit" Mrs, Griffith received Mildred with a sound scolding for her obstinacy in refusing to reside at Eccleston-square-a degree of contumacy which was justly punished by her banishment with that brat who caused all the mischief. _ " Still, I am very glad to see you," con tinued the old lady. " I fancy there is more life in your voice than before you went away. I think the change must have done you good. Don't run any more risks again. When we go down to Pennogwen, just make up your'mind to remain with me per manently." Mildred did not commit herself by her reply. She quickly fell into the old routine-read ing, writing, accompanying Mrs. Griffith in her drives, and sometimes seeing her visitors. Two or three times a week, she exchanged a few words with Leigh, who was most discreet in his visits, but often wrote to her long, charming letters, sometimes sad, sometimes playful, always full of whatever occupied him, yet scarcely love- letters-rather the out pourings of an ordinarily reserved man to the chosen friend of his souL It was to Mildred the happiest time she had known since she had left her early home. " I see," said Leighone chill, blustery even ing at the end of Miarch, " that the attempt to unseat the new member for Middleborough has failed and reaching over the paper, he pointed out a leading article to Mildred. " I suppose so," returned Mrs. Griffith. " These new men, with their well- lined pockets and well-instructed advisers, manage to sail very close in the wind with safety. I have ceased to take any interest in the matter. Has the beaten candidate found another 6eat?" And while the blind lady and Leigh con versed, Mildred gathered that Welby had had a very close shave indeed. The Times and the Conservative papers handled him severely; those on the other side protested that " he left the court without a stain on his character." Mildred pictured to herself as she read the annoyance and irritation these criticisms would cause their object, knowing Welby's nervous dread of disapprobation-his morbid desire to stand high in the estimation of his fellow-citizens. What a life he would lead those about him during the ordeal 1 " You have been a very good fellow tome, I admit," Mrs. Griffith was saying when Mildred again listened to what was going on. " You have been unusually con stant in yonr visits since you came from Paris ; and, lonely as I am, they are most ac-' ceptable." "They give me pleasure," said Leigh simply; but his eyes sought Mildred's, and said very distinctly what was the source of his pleasure. Sometimes his looks gave her pain and anxiety. Often they expressed such gloom and dissatisfaction, not unmingled with im patience. that she thought sadly how she had brought him grief and trouble, rather than the happiness she would wish to bestow. To Mildred tue few words she was able to exchange with him from time to time were sufficient to bring strength and comfort; but though careful not to transgress the bounds within which he had promised to keep, Leigh chafed against his fetters, and bruised his spirit by fruitless repining against irresistible fate. " Yes, I believe you do like a little talk with me," returned Mrs. Griffith compla cently. " You ought to have been my 6on, Brian." " Perhaps, had I been your son, my society woaid be less an amusing variety," he re turned, Iaughiug. " I tun sure it is more a variety to see my sons than you '"exclaimed Mrs. Griffith, with some bitterness. "By the way, is there any chance of Frank coming to his senses?" "I think not." " I suspect he has none to come to." Here the butler announced that Mr. Smiley was below, and wished to know if Mrd. Griffith would see him. " Show him up," she returned. " Brian Mrs. Wood-I don't wantyou. I must speak to my lawyer alone." Mildred rose at once, and taking her little work-basket, left the room. i Leigh lingered a moment " I will say good-morning, then, as I am going to the club." Me went slowly down-stairs, and opened the library-door. Mildred, as he expected, was already there. She had taken up a book, and was standing by the fire ; but her eyes were watching for him, and as they met bis, a smile of welcome, bright and sweet as ever rejoiced a man's heart, lit up her face. " You are glad to speak with me, Mildred?" he exclaimed, when, having closed the door, he took her hand, and gazed earnestly, eagerly, into the eyea he loved. " Lam-very glad!" she returned, with a quick, short sigh. " I have wished to speak to you; but " You are surely too cautious-too cruelly prudent 1" interrupted Leigh, letting her gently draw away her hand. " You might with per fect safety let me sometimes come and see you; it would do no harm, and no one would be the wiser." "It is still wiser not to come. Think of all the gossip-the wretched doubts- which would Bpring up if it were known that you ever came to visit Mrs. Griffith's secretary 1 Even my good old Koo would look grave if you came save on the rarest occasions." "And what do you want to speak to me about?" asked Leigh, after a moment's pause. " 1 scarcely know, now that I am face'to face with you," sue said, almost timidly. " Hut I think you look ill-worried; haw you any especial trouble?" "Good God, Mildred! How can yon ask such a question ? Can't you understand that my life is often almost unbearable? You are ' so near, and yet BO far!' to see you constantly, and feel the pressure bf the in visible barrier that keeps you from me 1 to know there is only endurance now, and' little hope in the future 1" Mildred grew white and cold at this ont burst-his passion frightened her; bat she reoovered herself quickly. "I have only brought you pain and sorrow," she said, letting her clasped hands drop. " It would be better if jrou had never met me." No! cried Leigh, turning to her. "J would not forego the sweetness of having known you, whatever it mar cost me. Only give me 6ome compensation for what ] undergo. Give me a quiet hour of confi dential talk sometimes. "It would be better if-if you were not so near, said Mildred thoughtfully. " I must (at present, at least) disturb and unspttlc you. Your work, your engagements ksep you here. But the world is open to me. Could I not find something to do elsewhere 1 You once spoke of friends in Paris who might find me employment" She paused and mused for an instant Leigh looked at hei with an expression of surprise. "I cannot support the idea ot having an evil influence upon you." " What!" cried Leigh ; " would you sacri fice the comfort and security of your present abode to Bpare me the delicions torment of being near and yet parted from you? My darling, were you in Paris, how long do you think should I stay in London? Don't you understand I might get a mission any day that would take me rar away. But I will not leave because yon are here, and yon might want me. When, long ago, in those distant poverty-stricken days, wnen I dared not speak to you openly, I suggested your going abroad, it was partly because I feared that overbearing, insoient animal Godfrey Griffith might annoy you, partly because there would be greater opportunities of seeing you without restraint" " What, even theu 1" said Hildred, covering her face with her hands lest he might see the strange joy and exultation that made her feel faint and dizzy. "Alter all. Mildred," he continued as he returned to the fireplace after walking rest lessly away, "you are the best man of the two. You make me blush for my own brutal selfishness and impatience." He threw him self into an arm- chair and was silent for a moment " I have been contemptibly weak, and have been torturing you. I am deter mined to control this rebellion against the inevitable. You shall Bee that I can be brave and strong as yourself. Give me your hand. You love me, Mildred? You forgive me foi tormenting you ?' " Ah, Brian," laying her other hand on his, " I only want to see you happy and successful. Would to God I were not a hindrance! Give your thoughts to your work, to your career. To know that you are worthy of yoursell is all I ask." " I must try for a higher standard than that," Baid he with a smile. He held her hand for an instant longer in siience, and then exclaimed, " But you must let me see you at home the day after to-morrow. Frank will be in London to- night on his way to Ireland. He writes in the highest spirits, but reserves all news till we meet I must come and give you a report You cannot refuse this time. I have only invaded Morton street once since you came back." Mildred thought a moment, then, raising her eyes with a look of pleasure that thrilled through him, said : " Yes, you may come; and now you had better go. Mrs. Griffith will soon send for me." Mrs. Leavett was duly prepared for Leigh's coming. She was deeply interested in Frank Griliith'e story, and it seemed natural enough that Mr. Leigh should come and talk' about it to her young lady. But the ex-lady's-maid was too shrewd not to suspect that it was something more than an ordinary amount of interest that brought the " nice, pleasant- spoken gentleman" to see her supposed niece. "Ah! that would have been the husband for her,_ poor dear!" Bhe would say to herself, "and if the Lord would only take Wei by oul of the way, her husband he would be. I sus pect Still, for all that, it wouldn't do ta have him here often." It was a very happy evening to Mildred and to Leigh. He was true to his promise, and had roused himself to look and to be calm, bright, and entertaining. Frank had come and gone. He bad been sent for rather suddenly by Lord Milford (.the relative who had promised him his agency), to join him in Ireland and view the property he was to administer, and the residence pro vided for him. On his return he hoped all matters would be finally arranged, and he would then be justified in renewing his pro posal to Mr. Burton with the full expectation of being accepted by the father, as well as the daughter. Miss Burton had been called back to the paternal roof a week or two previously, but Frank had remained on at Brussels, as he had no chance of seeing his beloved in Lou don. He had greatly enjoyed his visit to the Belgian capital, for, being totally unknown to Miss Doliie'a aunt, they had frequentoppor tunities of meeting, which were all the more delightful from the small difficulties wliich hedged them round. " I wish there was some chance of Mr& Griffith being reconciled to her son's mar riage," said Mildred, as Leigh rose to bid hei goodnight "It must be painful to him, and also to Miss Burton, this strong disappro bation on the mother's part" " I don't very well see how it can be other wise. Given such a connexion, and a cha racter like Mrs. Griffith, why, opposition ia inevitable. But Frank is old enough to choose for himself, and if he is not obliged to ask his mother to maintain him he is in his right Still, it is a pity to see mother and. son drifting hopelessly apart" , " It is dreadful 1" exclaimed Mildred. " 1 had nearly forgotten a word of warning," resumed Leigh-"yet I was full of it.as I came here. Do you think Lady Maiy Dacre knows your handwriting?" " No, I am sure she does not- Why?" "I had a letter from her to day, and she says she is going to write to Mis: Griffith so you will have to reply. By the way, her object in writing is to know if she can come to Pennogwen in June. I fear Bennogwen will hardly be safe for you this summer. Mrs. Griffith talks of asking the Fitehughs. and Fitzhugh will be sura to recognise TOO." " Ah !" cried Mildred-a long drawn " Ah 1* -while she unconsciously laid her hand on his arm, "dangerscompass me round, and press me in on every side 1" Leigh kept very still, that she should not perceive how her fingers involuntary tightened their hold. " Yon can easily avoid them." "If these people come to Mrs. Griffith, I am scarcely safe even here, 1 shall have ta think of another asylum." " You are safe yet awhile. I will keep good watch, and meantime we must make some plan tor the future. I have an idea there will be trouble in Paris before long. 1 should not like you to go there, but we have time t< consider. Trust to my vigilance, and prorata me you will not lie awake conjuring U[ horrors." " I will try not" " Well, I must go. Are you satisfied witk the effect of your lecture and your example!" " Yes I you are good and sensible." " Good-night i I do not think parting is such sweet sorrow. Do you f "No 1 but it must be endured like othet inevitable thinea. Good-night" 