Helping a Pretty Girl. May be a man feels happy and proud and flattered and envied and blessed among men when he sees a pretty girl trying to raise a window of a railway* car, and jumps up and gets ahead of the other boys, and says, ' Allow me !' oh, so courteously, and she says: ' Oh, if you please; I would be so glad, and the other irale passengers turn green with envy, and he leans over on the bach of the seat and tackles the window in a knowing way with one hand, as if peradventuro he may toss it airily with a simple turn of the wrist; but it kind of holds on, and he takes hold with both hands; but it sort of doesn't go to any alarming extent, and he pounds it with his fist, and it only seems to settle 'a leetle closer into place,' and then he comes around and she gets out of the seat to give him a fair chance, and he grapples that window and bows up his back and tugs and pulls and sweats and grunts and strain', and his hat falls off .and his suspender buttons fetch loose and his waist coat buckle parts and his face gets red and his feet slip, and people laugh, and an irreverent young man in a remote Beat grunts and groans every time he lifts, and cries, 'Now, then; altogether!' as if in mockery, and he bursts his collar button; and the pretty young lady, vexed at being made so conspicuous, says, in her iciest manner,' Oh, never mind, thank von; it doesn't make any difference,' and calmly goes and sits down'in another seat, and that wearied man gathers himself together and readB a book upside down—oh, doesn't he feel just good. Maybe ; but don't be fool enough to extend any of your sympathy. He doesn't need it. A word to the Wise: Remain so. Matchless Women: Maiden Aunts, Selest Watches of the Night: Those not woundup. A restaurateur announces 'eighteencarrot vegetable soup.' Saotle of Cockney Wit: Why is - a- ghost up a tree like a man eating h's dinner? Be cause he's a goblin up the hash ! There is only one thing sadder than death, and that is a seat in a theatre behind a fouc story hat. ' Mamma,' said a little girl, ' I think I've got ammonia.' ' You mustn't say ammonia, yon must say pneumonia.' 'But it isn't new, for I think I had it yesterday.' A lame can distinguish its mother's cry among a hundred other sounds. It is the samo with a boy, but ho seldom pays the same attention to it that he does when his father 'Take Csp'n SmiiFs fam'ly, f'rinstanco,' lie said. ' Now, there's a nautical fam'ly if over there was one. Tho oap'n's a tar and his wife' a a Tartar. Even their little children are tarable.' ' I Ait surprised, John,' said an old lady, when she found the butler helping himself to j the finest old port. 'So am I, ma'am; I thought you had gone out,' was the reply. ' I won-der if she's worth my wait in cold ?' mused the youth who lingered outside the ohurch wherein his girl worshipped, while the ten degreis-below zero air nipped bis nose. A PnoviDixCE man slapped a stranger's face for staring at bis wifo in a street car, and he was beginning to feel himself a hero when tho car stopped and a little girl helped the ' im pudent' fellow off. He was stone blind. AFrskck author lias translated a passage from one of Cooper's nov-1- as follows: 'He descended front his horsi in front of iho chateau, nwl tied him to a large grasshopper.' The oiiginol roads, ' a Isrge locust' (tree). . Professor: ' Gentlemen will please oliso thoir hooks.' After a lapse of a fow seconds, observing that his polito command had not been obeyed, he added, * Those who nro not gentlemen will please close their books.' 'My boy,'said a father to his son, 'treat everybody with politeness, oven those who are lude to you. For remember that you show oourtesy to others not because they are gentle men, hat because you are one.' .; Editorial Sanctum.—Enter comio party: 1 England BeemB to lit) doing a Russian buai ness just now-.' • ',Theii a deep ijilonco fell upon tho sc'ono, mid by degress tho' editor began to . roalino tliat u pun hsd been perpetrnted in bis presence. , v . ' A scibntot says that tho way to sleep is to think of nothing,' roads Mrs. Smith in, a news paper. ' If that be true, I should say that you would sleep all tlio time, my . dear,' s>id her husband. ' No doubt, Mr. Smith, for I think a great deal of you.' , ' Wiien I want my ohildrcn to mind,* said Popinjay, ' I dsn't stop to explain tho reason to 'em. I just put my foot down, aud that's the end of it.' 'Oh, well,' responded Blobson, absent-mindedly, J that covers the ground of course; there's no neodfor explanation.' 'Lookhere! This pieoe of meat don't suit me. It's from tho back of the animal's neok' said a man to a German butcher. 'Mine friend, all dot beef vat I sells is back of dot neok. Thero vos nodding but hornB in front.' Fbancis Eoebton, Duko of Bridgewater, never would allow anyone to come to him—he would always'go to them; ' Fur,' said ho, 'if they come to me they may stay as long as they please—if I go to them I can stop as long as I ' An, George, did you propose to Vivian?' ' No ; eho made. tho proposal before I had a ohance to say anything.' 'She did? What did eho say?' 'She proposed that I Bhould leave the house immediately, and I aooepted.' An innooent old farmer weighed the butter he sold to his grocer with pound bars of soap that he bought of him, and it turned out that the butter fell short three ounces to the pound, but the grocer didn't mako a public row of it. A roETEsa had begun a poem in uncom promising blank verse on tho degeneracy of man: ' Man was a .noble being once; but he—' And here she was compelled to leave it. A degenerate one cam* in and took the liberty of helping her forward a little: ' Would pro bably have remained so; but she—" ' Take care, laddie, ye're spilling yer milk,' said a careful woman to a careless milkboy. •I don't need tae care,' said he, with the utmost nonchalance; 'it's Mrs. Maodonald's, and she hasna paid her milk for three months back; she'll be frichted tao speak for fear the msister sends in her account.' 