c.' CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. Monday. A nice cool morning. Monday as usual being an off day, there was nothing of great importance dono on the track. In the absence J)f Batty, who has left for Sydney, his head man had Robin, Umbcrto and Astronomer all doing slow paco exorcise on the inner circle. Mr. l/avis liad Itvo down, viz. , cainenne, wno nas Recovered from the accident that befel her last week, Dulcet, Meerschaum, Manxman and Too Too, all of whom look well, tho Cup mare especially. T. Jonea had tVnverley /and Hippogrifl'working in company. Tho former has got a suspicious looking leg. Tho hurdle raeer, General Jackson, put in some nice work on tho sand. Solo, Gold Top, Melo- idious, Stag and Louis all cnntcrod. Bohemian find Primus got through quiot exercise. Blink Bonny, who is beginning to look better, can- iered four or flvo times round, striding home fho last couplo of furlongs. Others of the team wero doing walking exercise. Lady Ashton, who lookB well, Topsail and Prince Regent wore put through their usual serviceable work. Orlando and Mosslfacc can kered and spirted. Don Giovanni, Lord Chan cellor and tho Maribyrnong Nea colt worked in company. The steeplechaser, Tostboy, /strode along for 3 or 4 miles at a good .working paco. Master Pinetop was absent. King's Vandorbilt moved along nicely ; Union Jack has been troated to a spell. Bcnce had Velocipede, Chandos, Albanus and Mabel (fray cantering and spurting. Kelly's string, consisting of Lando, Pooping Tom, Idle Boy, Defrnudor, Free Trade and Clans man, all got through suitablo work ; the former only joined this team on 8nturday. Master John, Flympton and Grand Duchess, cantered on tho sand, Messrs. Roid and Har- Eer's teams being similarly treated ; tho former ad Grace Darling, Tho Ghost, Nnneio and Ilonnio Bel), tho latter Douglas and Fhoebo Walton. On Saturday tho following Cup horses were put through strong exercise over a mile and a half on the grass, viz., Velocipede, Too Too, Hippogriff, who had Tho Bohemian for a companion ; Grace Darling, who worked in the afternoon in company witli The Ghost j Mozart, in company with Highland Chief and Blink Bonny, covering a mile in much better style, finishing up strong. Wednesday. The morning was rather sharp with occa sional showers. Work commenced shortly after seven o'clock. Umberto and Robin were given long gentio exerciso on the inner circle. 'Astronomer, who has greatly improved since his arrival, here cantered, n6 also his stable Rosicrucian. Townley was doing walk ing exerciso. Vision was the next to ap pear. His trainer allotted him two turns on tho sand at a good sharp canter. Ho seemed to move well and freely. Too Too, after putting in several turns at good useful exercise, brushed home the last soven furlongs, the cup mare going in rare stylo. Manxman, Dulcet and Camorino all did slow paco exercise, the first named pair spurting for a couple of furlongs to finish up with. Lady Ashton got over some nice striding exercise in tho inner circle, Mossiface cantered and spurted, and the 2-year- olds, Lord Chancellor and Don Giovanni worked in company ; the Waverly, General Jackson and Blink Bonny worked in Indian file, tho latter being on the improving side. Van- dcrbilt and Union Jack got throngh somo use ful exercise, striding homo from the bottom turn. Peeping Tom and Defrauder worked in company, tho former afterwards doing three or four turns alone. Free-trade and Idle Boy worked on tho sand. Meerschaum cantered, and Spectre and Clansman put in some medium pace exercise. Lando, with clothing on, did moderate exercise. Gold Top was given long steady exercise. Melodious, who does not seem to like tho course, was allowed two turns at a very mild canter. Orlando was treated to a turn over tho schooling hurdles. He got over a couple in fair style, but could not negotiate tho others. Tho son of Glorious is now to the game, but with a little time ho ought to improve. Princo Regent wont long gentle exercise. . Topsail did similar work. Grace Darling, Nuncio, Tho Ghost, and tho Lapidist filly were all cantering on the sand. Solo worked steadily. Phoebe Walton and Douglass pottered along gently. Ditto trotted and can tered three or four times round. Velocipede, I am informed, is working in a private paddock in tho neighborhood, but will put in an appear ance when tho grass is opened. Master John and Plyinpton got through good serviceable work. Mozart, Master Piuetop, Highland Chief, Postboy and Albanus wero absent oftor break fast. Sydney, Violet and Louisa Berta cantered. Thursday. Owing to the incessant downpour tho grass was again closed, so that trainers had nolliing to do but mako use of tho saud tracks, which were rather sloppy. Umberto and Robin woro sent several slow turns on the Inner circle as wero thoir stublo companions Astronomer and Rosicrucian. Vandorbilt and Union Jack cantered, tho former striding along for 6 or 7 furlongs to finiBh with. Postboy was allotted 3 or 4 miles at a good working paco ; he still keeps on the fight side. Master Pinetop was jpresent, but did not work. Carrick was given mild exerciso : Dulcet and Manxman cantered and spirted, Camerino and Meerschaum were indulged iu a good steady exerciso in presence of their ownor. Bohemian and General Jack- feon cantered, Peeping Tom and Dofrauder cantered running home from tbo 4 furlong post at nan paco. iujo rtoy, Lando and Free- trade were giving good sound exerciso. Clans man went four or five rounds on the centre track at a good sharp canter. In tho afternoon tho ranger decided to open the grass so as to give the Cup horses a chance of having a gallop. Tho first to start was Too Too, who cantered a couple of turns at a good sharp canter, finishing npwith another at about three parts paco. Velocipede was tho next to appear ; he was allotted a couple of turns, the last being a good pipe opener, i'lie big horse seemed to tiro in the heavy going. Graco Darling was given two turns, her stable com panion, Tho Ghost, joining in the last mile, tho mare having most to say at the finish, moving strong and well. Vision was despatched for a good serviceable working gallop consist ing of three rounds, the first slow, tbo next at half paco, bursting homo from tho half milo post. Hippogriff nnd Blink Bonny each strode along over tho Cup distance for'good service able work, both were very eager to go; tho jnaro looks very big. 