CLOUD AND SUNSHINE. CiAPTERr I. " I Ast very, very pleased, Frank," Blssio Monteith soid, twirling her letter nervously between her finger and thumb, and lifting as she spoke a pair of very soared blue eyes to her tall husband's face. Frank laughed, pinched the small round chin that finished the little face off very neatly, tand said with droll gravity, " You nooeed not toll me that, my dear, delight pourtrays itself too plainly in your ox. prossivo countenance. Just look in that glass, Mrs. Monteith, and admire your own radiant visago." B3ossio looked obediently, and oehdod her husband's laugh. " Certainly; I do look rather dismal, but my faooe belies me. Frank, I shall ioe very glad to soee your mother." "And not a bit frightened ?'V " I do not: say that," Bossio aniswered honestly, " I am 'a-a little nervous of course. It would, be so torrible if your mother did not like me." " As to that there is very little dolubt," the young mail broke in with proud prompt. noss; "I. should like to. see the man, woman, or child able to resist you for long, you blueaeyed witch." 3Bessie shook her golden lihead reprovingly, but the flattery was very swoot, and soothed her perturbed spirits wonderfully. 1She was a wife of only six mouths' standing, and her young husband's admiration was still to her the sweetest of all ,earthly things. They woro a goodly young couple as they stood together in the fading light of the short winter day. Young, handsome, and happy, and so evidently all' in all to one another. Ile- tall, straight, and strong, ,with bright brown eyes and chostnut hair with a crisp curil and a, healthy bronze skin. 810-o-small and slight, with yellow lochs and dark blue oyos, surprised brows, and a lily-slinned, short.foatured, piquanto little ' faoo, a childish oreature, hardly looking tloe full sum of her nineteen years. And, yet for all that baby look of hers, B3ossio' lledforn had borne the burden of womauly care,'t nd known the sharp sting of womauly sorrow before she becamo Frank Monteith's happy wife.' Sheo' was loading the dull and hopeless life, of a, nnurory.governoss when the barrister fli-st crossed her path, tand young as shlowas, she thought that tho-sun of life was soti that 'tlihro remained only' the dull anguish of memory, the patient. endurance of pain.' ' . . . 'Perhaps it was that queer look of pathetic patioicoo onl the small fair face that seemed formed lfor' sunshiuo 'and' aidli smiiles that first. 'attracted Frank's attention to the blackroboed young guardian of his friend's unruly"girls. Coitain it is 'that he was attracted from the very first, and her story, as. he hdard it from 'Mrs. Orofton's lips, addoed to, his first sympathetio intorest in the pale, pretty stranger, a pity that was dangerously akin to love," "Ah l i poor girl,. hers is a sorrowful story. Mylheart quite bloods for her," Mrs, Crofton said in ~ianswer to the young man's leading: questions. "I always say that 'lBossio Bledfoin is quite a heroine of romanoe. I? am, rather, fond of tolling her story to anyono that will listen." And the lady sipped her tea with all air of pleasant expectation. She was decidedly proud of her narrative powers, and guessed that' an invitation to toll the story in her owni inimitable fashion would follow on that hint. Miss liodforn was worth her full salary of twenty pounds a year in the character of lay figuro only; a fact that Mrs. Crofton secretly admitted, though she worked her nono the loss hardly in her other and avowed characteor of Iursory drudge. But this time the request was long in coming. F!rauk Mlonteith had no groat liking for his frioend's wife, the faded, affected woman, who had booel a groat beauty, and was now only a would- bo clover bore who loved to relato thole most trifling circumstanco with an affluoenc of detail and laboured attempt at opigram, inoxpressibly weari some to those who wore forooed to listen to liher. But it was not the epigramlnatic in iliction that hIe slhrank from now; theor seemed to hinm something cold- blooded and cruel in serving up a girl's sorrowful story as the piquanto relish to an aftornoou tea. So he was siloent so long that Lucy Crof ton felt a little piqued, but finally the strong interest, that lie labolled curiosity, cou querod a faint movement of disgust, and lhe said with almost the requisite amount of fervour and mendacity : " Your historiottos are famous, Mrs. Crofton. I must ask you to favour meo with this." The ox-boautyswallowoed the bait greedily, favouroed him with a moset gracious smile, and murmured as she settled hersolf moro comfortably in lher low ohair: " There is no need to flatter mo, Mr. Mouteith; if Georgo himself weoro to toll • you the story hlo could hardly spoil its pathos, though I doubt if poor dear Georgo could put so many words together.",. " Ho woald not waste so muany on a foolish proeamble," was FraIik's uugrnteful Snd irreverent inner conuneant, anud in his heart hlie wished that he "ould gather the plait facts of lthe case firols Georgo Crofton's honest lips; bult w\\\'lt swould poor old Sctigorgo be likely to know about, his wifo's governess, especially as that lady rarely bestowed hlier ornato narratives on him, Swhen she could, by hoolk or crook, soecuro aiy more intorosting listoeor. But like a wise man Franik kept his thoughts to himself, and Mrs. Crofton pro ceeded with her story. "Poor Beossie Redlforn, you would hardly think to see her no'w how brightly life ope?sed for her. We met her and her father, Coloneol ReodfLrn, at the Manxwell's last sumlner, and the chlildrcen took n imminose fancy to her, a fortunate thing for lher as it hllppoeod, though it seemed to have nio sort :of significance at tihe tinimo, for everyone Sthoughlt the colonel a rich maun, and 13essio 'was his only and idolised child, the solo ucrvivor of It lrgeo family. " Well, we grow intimato. I never liked the fiathor muchl, he was a Ihandci1so old fellow of the eagle-facedo military typo, too grim anid stern for my tasto, though Georgeo and lhe got on very well; but I took quite a tancy to Bossio, and as it wars evidently a treat to have young children about hlier, I left Ell and Ruby almost entirely in her charge-it was an arrangement that suited us both very well at the time, as their maid fell ill just thou. It was no very friendly glance that flashed just then from Frank Monleith's bright eyes, but absorbed in the arrangement of her sentences and the eontiemlpiation of the peacock's feathers of her fani, the lady went on complacently, unconscious that rho was producing any but the most favourable im. pression (on her friend. " Well, our frienoudhip lasted through the visit, and we parted with nmultal regret and the hope of a speedy meeting ; but you know the way of the world, Mr. Monteith, they took their road and we took ours, and I heard no more of the liedferns until 1 read it in the papor one morning that the colonel had committed suicide." " Good heavens I" Frank cried in a tone of genuine horror. "l ow terrible for that poor girl." " Shooking, was it not ?" tile lady agreed smoothing the rufiles at her delicate wrists; " but that was not all. When friends who rallied round the orphan girl began to inquire into her farther's affairs they found that she was not only orphaned but penni. less. , Colonel ltodfern's account at the bank was overdrawn, and though lie had left no debts the small sum of money in the house barely sufficeod for the expenses of his funeral. For Bossio there was nothing." " Poor girl, poor child I" Frank muttered between his tooth. The intense and passionate pity that swelled within him, seemed to rob him of all power of expression, he could only repeat the same phrase, and see in fancy the pale, grave little face, that Heaven had made so serenely bright. " Yes, it is a sad story," Mrs. Crofton wont glibly on, quito unconscious of her companion's preoccupation. " But Bessie was mercifully unconscious through the worst of those horrors, and I do not think that she quite knows yet the true story of her fathor's death. That she found him, whom she had loft in perfect health and in spirits no worse than usual, dead, on her return from an afternoon call, is all she has told me; but that suffliced to turn her brain." " And no wonder," Frank said gravely. But, Mrs. Crofton, how do you know more than this ? Colonel oledforn's death, though sudden, may have booeen natural.'' Mrs. Crofton laughed, and raised her pointed shoulders till they touched the big pearl drops that dangled from her shapely ears. " Natural I it was certainly that, my dear Mr. Montoith, as natural as a doubly strong dose of prussie acid could nake it, the bottle lie had drained was actually found in his stiffened hand, the girl herself must have seen it, but she may think now that that was but a delirious fancy." " And no one would be cruel onough to try and shako that belief," Frank said, drawing a long breath. "It is as you say, a sorrowful story, Mrs. Crofton, but you have done your bost for its poor unhappy little heroine. I presume you wont to her at onco ? " "Not--not oxactly," Mrs. Crofton an swerod, with reluctant voracity. " The iact is, George worried me to ask her here on a visit, but I thought she would be happier and more at ease in her mind if I offered her the post of nursery governess; and I was right, for the poor child accepted it at oneoo, and with effusive gratitude. She is not quite so accomplished as I fancied her, and is a little deficiont in spirit ; but I see no reason to regret her coming, and, so fitr as George is concerned, she is welcome to live and die beneath his roof." " Ileaven forbid I " ]rank cried, with such honest uncalculatiing fervour, as for ever disgraced hinm in his hostess's eyes, He could never toll what impulse moved him to suoh mad spooch, he did not even know that lie had spoken aloud, until he saw the angry flush mounting to Mrs. Crofton's brow, and heard her murmur : " Well, really, Mr. Montoith, Miss RXed forn should be obliged to you." " What-what did I say ? " stammered the unfortunate young man, at his wits' end to find an explanation for his extreme rndenoss. But Mr's. Crofton, whoso vanity still smarted sorely, merely answered with an affected toss of her handsome head as she rose to her foot: " You had better ask Miss lRodforn, who is hero to answer for herself." And then she sailed majestically from the room, and Frank found himsolf alono with the stranger girl, whose story had so thrilled and moved him. If he had been confused and tongue-tied before, his confusion redoubled itself, his tongue seeoomed as though it never would or could wag freely now. llo was not in love with Bessie Rlldforn yet. He told himself, almost angrily, that it was impossible that he should be so, he lhad only linown her threeoo or four days, and had tallked to her porhaps half-a- dozon times; but as lhe saw the pretty fair face flish ancd grow pale by turns, and the clear blue eyes grow dark and brightR with earnest feelings, ihe soeemed sudlodenly to understand that his fate was sealed, that it was no passing fiincy with whioh she lhad inspired him, but a real and lasting love. " Forgive me, Miss Roidforn," lie began, awklwardly enough, feoling deeply, and theoroe. fore expressing hlimself stiflly after the time honourod British fhislmion, but the girl hold oat both hands, with a queer little gratoeful cry. " Oh, no, I have to thalnk you; you were -you meant to be so hind." The blue eyes filled, it seemed as if kind ness wero a commodity that had not beeoon dealt out too plentifully of late to the girl who felt it so keenly. Those tears weoro so many sparkls flung on the fuel of the young man's ardont and excitable fancy. He murmured a tlhounsand incoherent expressions of sympathy and regret, thle pity thalit stirred iris warmn heart shone dangerously in his dark eyes, and softened his rish, fill voice. The two young strangers drew togeother in that hour, and from theon woro confidants and firiouds. Of course it all ended as such tlhings do enoild. Thie friendshlip clhanged insoensibly to somlething warnler andi more sweet, and Mrs. Crofton, a littlo lator, was horrified to dliscover that in entertaining iher husband's fieiond she lind secured a lover for the girl who was not oily a standing advertisoment of loher bonovolence, but the cheapest and most luseful governess she could got, lier indignation brought matters to a crisis and hastened the catastrophe she most wished to defer. Neither Frank nor Iessie had contemplated an immediate marriage, for his means were small, and his prospects at the bar indefinite; but when Mrs. Crofton, in shrill tones and with angry, eyes, taxed him with adiscreditablollirtation, and talked of dismisiing the girl who had indulged iu such beneath her roof, ho cast prudence to the winds, and proudly evowing his engngement, announced his intention of claining his wife at once. George Crofton, a good-natured, wenk minded man, completely under his wiofe' thfubln, was secretly delighted at the turn affairs had taken, and though he dutifully shook his head and looked solemn when his Aurelia talked sarcastically of " marrying in haste, ropentling at leisure," and so on, he took every private opportunity of assuring the young; couple that lhe greatly admired their slpirit, and evcn volunteered to give the bride away. And so urged on alike by friend and foe, Frank Monteitlh and l3essio Iedfern took thei all-important anui decisive step, and boldly filced the world as man and wife on an assured income of a hundred a year and all the magnificcnt possibilities that the world held for the young eyes that saw its dim vista, through a tender rosy haze. A mad marriage, Mrs. Crofton called it, a rash one it cert.inly was, but as yet it had turned out well, the six months of bridal joy had been clouded by no poeenilry cares, Frank's first brief had come to himo in his honeymoon, and lie had, besides, secured enough literary work to " keep the pot boiling aud the grey wolf fronm the door." Hie told Bossio with a bridegroom's fond folly that she had brought him luck, and slhe, belioving this, was happier oven than she had been before, and half forgot there was such a thing as trouble in the world, until, with the coming of the Christmas week, there came to her a coldly polite letter announcing a first visit from her mother and sister-in-law. CIHAPTEI II. " Si, must think the house pretty, I think," Bossie said, with a little sigh of content mont, as she sat herself down on the low velvet chair by the window, and turned her blue eyes brightly round the room. Very fair and radiant she looked in the light dress that showed the gold of her hair, the soft, vivid tints of her complexion, and the dark blue of her eyes to fullest advan tage go; a knot of holly shone redly on her breast, she hold another in her pretty slim hands, and a very bower of greenery lay sprinkled about at her foot. F'rank, loaning with folded arms on the back of the chair, was struck anllow with her fresh childish beauty, even the prim pretty maid, who had brought the evergreens in, and now stood by waiting for further orders, eyed her young mistress with curious, half admiring eyes. " I wonder what makes her so bright to night," she thought with a discreotly suppressed smile, " it is all because her husband's ma is coming, she is the queerest young lady I ever come across." But Bessie horsolf could not have given a naime to, or ansignedacoauso for the intoxi cation of excitement that possessed her. Afterwards indeed--but of that " after wards " she know nothing. She had conquered her first fear of Mrs, Montoith's visit for Frank's salke, and now she in all eagerness for the time of her arrival to come. " Yes, she will think the house pretty, and some of its furniture too," Frank answered cooly. " I should not wonder if she woere to include you among the articles calling for admiration, Boss." Bossio laughed, and rubbed her pretty golden head against her husband's shoulder; but the blue eyes that wandered out over the snowy common on which the quaint, suburban cottage looked, wore very thought ful, as she said slowly in answer to her husband: " But will she like me, Frank, I shall love her so dearly if she will 2 " My dear little dreamer, she is not ab solutely devoid of taste, of course she would like you,,if you met as strangers in a strange land." "Ah, but I am her son's wife, that is a very different matter," Bessie answered, with more shrewdnoess than she know of. "IIowever, I will not despair, dear, she must be kind and good, being your mother, anld so-" " Kindness and goodness encountering, will coalesce," Frank finished with a parenthetic pinch of the soft dimpled chook. " But this bandying of compliments betwoen a married pair of six months standing, is disgracefully unconventional, Mrs. Montoith, in all right and reason, we ought to be hurling sarcasms at each others hands." "I don't niind a chalir-cushion. I am afraid a sareasm is beyond me," Bossio said, demurely, and Fraunk laughed at the flippant answeor, delighted to lhave changed, as he thoughlt, the curront of her ideas. But ese returnied to her theme with aggravating persistonoy, and this time her questions wore even harder to parry than before. " And your sister ? " she said suddenly, lifting her eyes to his, with what looked like searcliing scrutiny. " Will she like me, Frank ?" "l'auso there, child I You sro wander ing into the regions of the unknowable I " he said, lifting his hands and eyes with serioe-comic dismay. "I do not believe that any person living can answer for Casilda's likes and dislikes, and I least of all persons." " She is very clover, is she not? " " Well, yes I it is the fashion to think her "And very--beonutifel 2" Frankl rose andl moved towards the window, looling out across the dreary waste of snow over which the afternoon shadows were falling fast. " Yes-onc-" lie answeorod slowly, and as thouighl it hurt him to speak the words,. " but poor Cassy is a ruin now, and I think she lays the ruini of her beauty and her lhappiness at my door.'" "At yours " Bessie broke in indignantly. " Thlue whatever else she may be, I know slohe is oruolly unjiust." " And would you not be as unjust in her, onso, you impetuous little mortal ? 8up. pose some one had proved my unworthiness to you." " They could not do that," the girl broke in, with a proud and eager loyalty; " but was there a romance then in Casilda's lifo ?" " A sorry one, my dear, and one that must have left a perpetual stinging pain in so proud a girl's memory. Casilda made the acquaintance of a showy swindler at come watering place, and was so absolutely infatuated with the man, that but for my timely appearance and accidental discovery of his antecedents, she would undoubtedly have been wedded to him and misery by now." Tohere followed a brief silence, in which Frank's thoughts were busy with tronbled memories of the past, and Bessie's fancy with this girl, whose love-story had been so much loss happy than her own. "With her hands clasped on Frank's strong arm, her head pillowed on his shoulder, she felt so safe in her own happy have'on that her heart warmed comnpassionately to the tempost tossed wanderer, whose hopes had booeen so cruelly wrecked. " Poor Casildn," she whispered, tenderly, "we will try to make her happy, to win her love, Frank." Frank's eyes answered for him, as lie stooped to kiss the pretty, pitiful faco-but he only said lightly : "Success to your pretty plans, my darling. And now, Mrs. Montoith, he kind enough to discuss business matters, like a practical business woman. In the first place, how mstch money does that wonderful cash-box contain '?" " Very little, I am sorry to say, my deer ; I havo not been extravagent, Frank, but somehow the expenses have been heavy lately, and so--" " And so you find yourself in straitoned circumstances at ia period of general dis bursemont," Frank finished, gravely. Poor little woman, no wonder you look so portentously grave. Fortunately, I am rather in funds just now-and so-open your hands and shut your eyes, and see what fate will send you." Bessie closed lier blue eyes tightly, and felt that her fingers wore suddenly closed over something suggestively crisp and rustling. " May I look 2?" she cried, eagerly, and then, " Oh, Frank, two ton pound notes; are theose for me ? " " For you and you only. No need to look so scared, child, I oan afford your Christmas present, and you have earned it well. So far from being extravagent, you are the best and most thrifty of small housekeepers, and may spend your savings with a light heiart." " But how ? " Bessie argued, in a delight ful little flutter of pleasure and perplexity. " I have everything I wanti; dear." " You most wonderful of women," Frank put in, arching Ihis black .brows. " I think I may exhibit you all ovar the world as the girl who could not find room for a now dress. Its utter novelty would make the show attractive and I should retire with a modest competence." ' Bessie laughed at the absurdity of lier husband's words and look, and answered with choerful alacrity. "Oh, I can find room for dresses, as many and gorgeous as you please, and since you are so very 'genorous," drawing the tall head down to the level of her pretty red lips, and rewarding the, generous giver with a grateful kiss, " 1 'irosild like a long polisse trimmed with lovely fur." Frank was delighted with the timid con fession of feminine covetousness heroically trampolled down, doubly delighted because he could gratify it at once. " And you shall have it, vanity. Like Tennyson's hero, ' I love that beauty should go beautifully,' and would have my pretty wife look her prettiest in my mother's eyes." " Bessie only doubted whether the costly apparel of a penniless bride would enhance her beauty in the eyes of a mother naturally jealous of her son's affection and expenditure, but sheo said nothing, and it was soon settled that Bessio should make a shopping ox pedition to town on the following hftornoon. " Then when your mother and Casilda soo me in that large and imposing garment, I shall look more matronly, they will not think me such a child," the small creature cried, drawing hoerself up in a stiff rehearsal of the dignity to come. Whereat Frank laughed. and told her he now understood why she had chosoei that sentry-box of an overall in proferonoo to something more suited to her size, They played with the idea after the fashion of light-hearted young people, and laid their plans for the 'coming Christmas as gaily and hopefully 'as though there lurked no shadowy forr of her now relations in-law in the background of Bessio's thoughts, as though Mrs. Monteith was sure to take her new daughter to her heart, as though Casilda could by no possibility be disagreeable, as though 'no storm-olouds with potential poweors to crish her, could or would gather in the stool-blue wintry skly. " Makeo a good purchaso," Frank cried gaily, as the young pair parted at thie little gate, in the crisp bright wintry sunshine of the next morning. " And he at Charing oross station in time for the five o'clock train." Bessio gaily promised obedionce to both bohests, and the young man started quiclly off on his walk to the station, turning back as he reached the corner of the road to wave a cheery farewell to the still Watching girl. Somehow her face and figure as she stood there in her protty warm dress of dark rod;, with the feathery golden ourls blown bablck from the smooth brow, and the bright carnation tints of bheek asid lips, onhanced by tlie" liss of the l'koen wind, printed itself indelibly on his memory, was doomed to stand there in cruel contrasnt to a picturo yet to come. SHeaven bless liher, soe looks happy, as though she had not a caro in the world," he murmured as he turned away, "and she shall not have one if my lovo can shield her-my pretty, loving, innocent Boss." HIo was thinking not of his proud, just mother, whoso heart he know to be sound and warm at the core'; and of whose finual subjugation he entortained little doubt, but of Casilda, the proud, passionate sister, whoso mad love hlie had thwarted, who, when he lust saw liher had sworn never to speak to him again, who was now coming an uninvited guest bonoath his roof. "I wish I felt quite sure of Casy I" he cried with an iuneasy, would-be con temptuous launh, at his owr hanunting fear, " she is just the girl to plan some melo dramatic vengeance, or bear a grudge against my poor Bess, because I thwarted her. However, I shall be on my guard, and if----" lis handsome face was dark and threaten ing as he uttered the last words, but sud denly, as though struck by some patent absurdity in his defensive musings, he gave himself a vigorous shake, and cried with brightening looks, " but .[ deserve anything that happens to me, conjuring up mock terrors in this fashion because poor Casilda lhas a movement of Christian charity, and chooses to mnake up our quarrel at a period of general peace. Her troubles have been heavy enough, poor girl; I need not add to them by my mistrust." And meantime, while Frank Monteith thus resolutely argued down the very stub born uneasiness that besot him, Bessie made her way back to the house like a girl in a happy dream. The crisp exhilaration of the brilliant winter day set her young pulses bounding, and filled her with an innocent unrclecting happiness. She felt that it was good only to live, to tread the crisp earth with light, elastic stop, to look with happy, dazzled eyes upon the deep blue cloudless sky, to look forward to her life of happy duties and simple pleasures, to feel herself guided and guarded through all danger by .rcmankl's great and generous love. She had almost reached the picturesque trellisoed porch, that looked green and leaf less still among its loafy neighbours, when she became suddonlyconscious tlat someone was walking rapidly up the path behind her, and turned, on a natural impulse, to see who the early visitor might be. She saw a man, whether young or old she would have found it dillicult to say, lie was muffled so closely in the folds of an old great coat, tie collar of which was drawn up to his chin, while the large slouch hat almost hid a pair of sombre, feoverishly shining eyes. There was something strangely discom fitting in the look of the tall figure, that as it drew nearer and nearer seemed more and more unaccountably familiar to Bessie Montoith; the brightness seemed to pass out of the day, and she drew the scarf about her face and throat more closely with a little involuntary shiver, though she had been glowingly warm only a moment or two back. " low foolish I am," she cried im patiently ; " it is some man asking alms, or subscriptions, or- " She paused there, all the pretty rosy colour fading from her face, her blue eyes darkening with half-conscious terror as the man came up and addressed her, for though his words were common-placeo enough, his voice was as familiar to her as his aspect. " You are Mrs. Monteith ? " " Yes," sel answered, timidly, and just us his question had beeoon an assertion, the eager look of her bright, frightened eyes made her assent an inquiring appeal. " And you wore--Bossio .e?dforn ?" " Yes," she whispered again, her eyes dilating more and snore, her pretty parted lips growing pale. " Bossie-do you not know me ?" He raised his hat as he spoke, the wintry sunlight fell with clear, searolhing brightness on a worn and haggard, but still darkly handsome face, a face that conjured up a thousand aching and bewildered memories in Bossio Mfonteith's mind. Where had she seeoon those perfectly chiselled features, those sombre, brooding eyes, and those short-waved lookl, whoso soft blue blackness was so thickly streaked with grey ?-only surely a dead man's face -only in the far back days of her untroubled youth. " Bessie I" the voice, with its tone of half angry, half pitiful appeal, had a cruelly familiar ring, " have you wholly forgotten me, or do you take me for my own ghost ?" The question broke the spell of dreamy terror that heold her. She moved her pale lips once or twice in a vain attempt at speech, then said with a resolute effort : " If you are really a living man, you must be-Dick," "Yes, I am Dick," he answered with a haggard smile, that was sorrowful, mock ing, and defiant, all in one. "Disk, the ne'er-do-woll, in worse plight than over, penniless, hopeless, and broken down in health; I am como to fling myself upon your meroy. Como, give me a kiss of wel come, Boss." He came noarer with both arms out. stretched, but the girl drew basck with a little shuddering cry. " No, no," she said, a look of vivid horror flitting across her too expressive face ; " do not touch me, ploase, I could not boar it. Only toll me what you want ?" He drew back instantly, his dark eyes flashing one look of deadliest hatred at the pale and trembling girl, but he ansewored with perfeoot coolness and suavity : "Not a warm welcomo, or I should be dooeemed to disappointment, hers wheore I iave the most right to expect it." " lost right?" she interrupted, her soft toqes hardened and altered by an almost passionato scorn. "Yoeu havo small hope of any weoloome in this world, if your greatest claim is upon me." " It is," he answeorod, smiling still, but his. smile hold more auger than many a scowl hase done. "Fortunately, I do not caro for sentimental greeootings, my wants are of a more material kind, and thereforo you may find it oeasier to supply them. Liston; Bossio, this at ldist, j'ou will not deny, whether you are glad to seeoo me or not, it is both youir right and duty to help me, my dear." This time Bossio Mbnteith's lips framed no indignant denial, hler blonde head bent lower and lower, as thouglh bowed down by some oruel ornshing weight, and on her sold, clasoped hand thero fell a couple of sorolhing tears. The man stood loolking at her, and twist ing his soft, blacsk nmoustacho in a' medita tive fashion for several moments before he spkoi again, then ho said, roughly: " For IHIeavoen'i sake, dry your eyes and behave like a :sonsiblo woman, I am asking you only to help not to aclknowlodgo me, so there is no noed for all this high tragedy business" CIIhAPTE III. Omusuea-cnoss station was all bright white noss and cheeory bhustle when :Fransl Montoithl cane briskly in that afteorioon to ieoop his appointment with his wifd. Outside there waq a shill whit9 mist from the river, snud the coming into such sudden radiance rather dazzled him at first, so he did not see Bessie till sllohe slipped her cold little hand within his arm. " All, hero you are pet, I hope I did not keep you waiting. It is bitterly cold to-. night." ,She murmured something that was lost in the screeching whistle of a departing train, and knowing himself pretty punctual, he did not trouble to repeat the question. Nor had he time for any others until they had taken their places in the carriage and were speeding comfortable through the thick steamy mist that blotted the land scape from their eight. " Well, little woman, and how about the wonderful purchase ? " he cried, cheerily then, " do satin and fur lend you stllicient dignity and ago. Will your mother-in-law recognise you as a follow matron in that imposing dress ? " He leaned forward, his eyes bright with love and laughter, but Boesie drew back with a little shiver into her warm corner, and only blessed the fog that hid her white face fom his steady gaze. "I-I-you will think me very fanciful and hard to 1pleaso, Frank," she cried, with what seemed to him an oddly affected laugh, " but tho fact is, dear, I saw nothing that quite pleased me, and so I made no purchase at all." " No ? " he echoed, bewildered a little by the strangeness of her manner, " but you ordered something, I suppose ? " "Yes--no-how absurd I am I" the girl cried, pressing her seal-slkin muff against the pale, pretty lips that would tremble over the prevaricating words. "I did not quite order a cloak, Fraunk, I said I would come and choose one another day. You are not angry, dear ? " " Angry, no," Frank said, but he did not emphasiso the answer with a hiss, as under ordinary ciroumstances it would have been natural for him to do, on the contrary, he drew a little away and looked with an absurd intentness out at the blank wall of fog, ashamed to acknowledge oven to him. self that he felt hurt and angry, because his young wife had not been superior to the pretty weakness of her sex. " What an ass I am," heroflected, gnaw ing the ouds of his moustache, "why should sheo have moro Spartan firmness or know her own mind better than any other preotty woman ? And as for her manner, why, of course I frightened the poor sonsi. tive child, with my Blue-beard airs." Accepting this plausiblo explanation of the nameless something that had vexed and troubled him in Boessie's manner, he came back to her with conscionco- stricken quick noes, only to find that she was wooeeping hysterically in her corner. " Bessie, my darling, what a brute I have been," lie cried, forgetting everything but his recent anger and her present grief. " You are not surely crying because I-" " Oh, no, no," she broke in, eagerly, between her sobs; "for nothing you have done, you are always good and kind, but I think I am not very well; I fool so tired and weak." " Of course you do, you foolish, unreason able child ; you have boon doing the workl of a Hercules in petticoats this week, and now are fooling the re-actionary strain. But you must not break down now, Bessei,, remember my mother and Casilda will, be here to-morrow." "I remember," she whispered, and he felt the cold, slight fingers tremble in his clasp, but wisely and kindly ignored that ovidence of fear, and went on in the same jesting, coaxing tono: " Very well then, do not force me to discredit my own taste by presenting a poor, pale spectre in the place of my blooming bride." Bessie smiled, and with an aching gratitude for tIhe kindly words that covered her pitiful weakness, tried to pay back eheor fulness with cheorfulness, and calm with calm. She certainly succeeded in banishing her tears, and even managed to talk with some thing like ease and coherency before they roached their journey's end, but all the same, she left, and Iuow that she loft upon her husband's mind a vaguely, uneomfort able impression of something wrong. " A fear that may grow into a doubt, a doubt that may at any moment become a suspicion," she thought, gazing at the honest, frank face beside her, with pain and horror in her soft eyes. " Oh, my darling, to thinlr that there should over come a secrot between you and me, that its blighting shadow has fallen over us already." The fog had lifted a little when they reached their station, and the moon shed a clear, bright light across their path, so they decided to walk home through the long lane whose hldgerows were powdered with a glittering hoar frost, and across the brooeezy common. It was a short walkl and a favorito one with botlh Mr. and Mrs. Mountoith, but before they had completed half the distance now Fraulnk noticed with a hocn pang how the old springing lightness had vanished from his wife, how heavily sihe hung upon his arm, and how her head tiurned incessantly from side to side in nervous, restless fashon. "Is shlo ill--or what ?"' hlie asked himself in vague terror; and the faeoo he looked at certainly gave his question no satisfactory answer. It could not he talme moonlight only, that made it so ghastly white, or gave the soft eyes that black rim, and eager, fright. toned loolk. "You are two tired, it was wrong to let you walk," he said abrnptly, glad to find a scapoe goat for his uncomfortable thoughts; " but we are nearly home now, Bessie, courago for a few stops more." She persisted that she was not tired, and wallked on more rapidly Until a turn of the road brought them in sight of their own door, and then, even the sadness and terror that oppressd hor wore forgotten in surprise at what she saw. " Look, Frank I" she criod eoxcitedly, but timhe appeal was unnecessary, for Fraul had, of course, soon the open door, the fly <:len with lIggago, and tQie eovident hustleo of arrival, as soon as sheo-antd was hastoening up the gravel paths " Who can it be ?--not ('o be codnEilO.) TIhe very air we breathe becomes a uisanuoo when it is worked over and ammed through a brass instrunmont by a young mat who is fitisng himiuslfto become a member of a brass band,--New Orleans Pioayune, 