TBinRE :is a very strange story connected svit}r an old houses in, St.. Stephen's, Green, [tDublin, which was at one time :the residerice of the gay and beautiful Lady Clare. It was untenanted for a 6 lonkgtime, and then taken by_soiiie laidies forithe purpose of establishing a school., -The house,was, quiet and peace able ?aobugh, except on certain. nights df the wveek, presumably, reception .nights, when the doors would .be shu't'and opened; numerous fo'otsteps w'ul;d be :heard, witli'the unmistak able sound of high- heeled shoes on the floor, and the rustle. of silken- trains; and all the noise of': the arrival of a numerous 'company bf well-dressed guests :.tiNothing was ever seen bthough people watched constantly; till at last??ihe ladies, with :their school, had to decaiiip elsewhere ; and .a' gentleman,- who laughed at the idea:of ghosts, took it and went to residenthlere.' !But he:laughtid to sooj; for very sh'ortly the nocturinal''uproar 'became so iunbearable th't: he, tooi had to'd.pa'rt. TliN house was then taken -by -some nuns,: who doubtless thought 'tlieir presence would soon' quell the'..unlioly, tumult.!l But :they',?were mistaken; the gay company :till heldhighi revel oni 'their accustomed 'niglhts, till,; as a last resource, the house was pulleddbi~n;, and the Loretta Chapel stands in itslc. .I ?:rish' ghosts., often are as pugnacious andquarrel some on their return to..the world:asthey were before they:left it ;.indeed, it is not long ago since I heard 'of a boy being crushed to de'ath by ai ghost,- This boy;' his fathier alnd sist~iver e all' sleeping in: a, rooim, in" large house -which had, the .reputation `""of:; being' hhaiinted by no less than two ghosts, each one' vying;..with the "other in,: wickedness. i: The' father said lie woke in the night with a feeling of'a fearful weight pressing down and bruising him; and though he was perfectly swaV? that his .,son wasibeing killed he:could not. stir.to. save him. "When he atlast recovered himself to' rush out for assistance, the poor lad was dead.anid quite iblack, :though', without' ??,y mark of violene. ,"Probhbly ':this?"'iight'be, iccounted, foiby some poisonous gases; but, anyh~;dV,?;ith'gost got the credit of it,. 