FIGAKO'S" AT HOME, . ."OilI :he hath drawn my picture in. his letter!" —IiOVK S La.B0E'Li08T. " Fairy posies would. I •wreathe, Fairy posies, 1 Ab I tenderly would breathe Lore where Rose is. J . Fragrances all intermingling, Sweetest coloura ever singling, Such my rosiest ; J Rose is fair as e'er beholden, :> Itose is fair as .Ever fay. with locks of golden, ' With her hair as -; Wealthy as : tine gold that's beaten, ; Good enough she to be eaten, None so fair as. Such my best girl, grace possessing, ; . ; Such my best girl, Bh6's a treasure .and a blessing, •A. home-nest girl ; Made on love's supremest gradient, .Ever glorious, ever, radiant, Buoh nay best girll Fioabo's. At Home, where Bose is, ' ' ' Fig. is At Hoke, ' • And the home door never closes : Him. from that: home; Willp^ waly, waly willow, Let. me sink back on my. pillow, 1 - : Fig. is At Home. Tike Commercial Rowing ClubBall. IIp to thiB^ iihe .moBt Buccpssful ball of the season (excepting, ol course,;; the Birthday , Ball) was that given, in, the Academy of. Music, on Friday evening, the Br^.insti by the Commercial Bowing Club. The Hall .was yerygaily dressed with flagis and ever greens, trophies of oars, on a background of flags, adorned the walls. The long corridor at one side,©J ,the hmlding. was lit by. the pretty subdued light of. innumerable Chinese lanterns, decked, with flowers,,and evergreens/ and furnished with seats, which'weireparticularly serviceable,, for sundry flirta tions indulged in: while , the square dances were on. The. band was stationed in the gallery, from whence it .discoursed .capital music, the programme being unusually attractive, and the floor as near perfection as it could, be;. Oh [the front of the stage, some easy chains ancl lounges . were arranged, and behind the supper table presented a very sumptuous appearance. Ba,umann was ihe caterer, and certainly added one more to the successes he has achieved in Brisbane.. Just before 9 p'clock, His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by Oaptaih Des Vobux and Lieutenants Prichard and Cholmondeley, arrived, and dancing was, commenced at .once, the Governor opening the ball with Miss X Taylor* of Toowpng, with Mr. Thos. Finney and Miss Eeid, of Sydney* as vis-a-vis. There were about 2& fancy - costumes in all, the most prominent among them being " Estrella/' Mrs Bauxnann ; Mary, Queen of Scots, MissSharpe ; Good Luck, Miss Markwellj Nancy Lee, Miss Woodard; and ,a Sunflower, Miss Brookes.. Of the gentlemen's costumes, Mr. Jack Potts, in nayal uniform; :Mr., Coventry, as a gentleman of the time of Louis XIV.; an4 a Turk, whose, name did not transpire, Rooked the best. Mr. J. B. Harris and Mr. George Perry were mashing in the wiiforjn ofthe B.B.C., and Captains Des Vceux and Prichard enlivened the sceneTyith their scarlet uniforms, Lieutenant Choi-; mondeley also appearing in the uniform of the 1st Queenslanders. ; The dress worn by Miss Sharpe, as, Mary, Quee^ of Scpts, was simply; perfection, and hertaU, graceful figuremadeitappeartothe greatest possible advantage.. This young lady was unani mously voted the belle, though she had a formidable rival, in " Estrella" (Mrs. Bauman), ^ho, in her dainty dress of pale pink ancl blue satin, with hose and shoes to match, looked pretty as a picture, and danced divinely. Some of the evening costumes worn, were unusually beautiful. Pink appeared to predominate, and several handsome satin dresses in this colour,/were most effectual, particularly one with the front embroidered with crystal. Mrs, Kelly wore a charming rose pink silk, draped with white lace j Miss Murray (Maryborough) wa* also prettily atlbired,in pink, and Miss Devoy wore a very handsome costume of pink broch^i MisB Taylor, with whom, as seen above, His Excellency danced the11st quadrille, wore a very pretty costume of white satin and tulle, garlanded with blue1 con volvoli, and:looked sufficientlycharming?; Miss Reid wore black:lace, aJndr bouquets of *white roses; Miss; Clark (a deJbutante) was prettily attired in pure white ; another pretty , white dress, nefc> with satin bodice; and loops of satin ribbon on the skirt, was worn by Miss 1)> Johnson; Miss Maloney was cos tumed j in a dainty blue net, dotted over with blue chenille; Miss Pettigrew wore a lovely dress of white satin, draped with pink frosted net; Mrs. Tonti looked well in blue satin and : pompon net, over a skirt of white lace ; Miss Deazley waB very bright and pretty in a. lovely white costume, with Sssdss belt trimmed with white swan's down; Mrs. Deazley, jun., was much admired in a dress of cream Spanish lace and moss-green striped satin, trimmed with holly berries; Miss Radford wore white, and white feather ;trimmings ; Mrs. Radford, black lace and pink roses; Miss Markwell was most effectively attired in pink satin, covered with gilt horse-shoes, representing " Good Luck Miss— Markwell looked well in cream satin and lace, with pink roses; Mrs. D. F. Groom wore a very pretty pink broch6 dress, WSJOOOO- /• y-_? r-'. v"; ; C I Reproachful mother, to her seven:year-old delinquent: Now, Bohbie, when you say your prayers to-night you must tell God of that naughty thing you said to mamma to-day." Mutinous, seven-year-old: "No, J needn't." Mamma,taken aback: "No, you needn't! Why nQt?" Seven-year-oldi j triumphantly: "House; He heard it." "Tableau. I with front of black net, strapped across with pink broche, and the back cut in deep battlements, over an under.Bkirt of black net, pink feather trimmings on the low bodice and sleeves, and wreath of pink daisies!in,the hair; Miss O'Brien's costume of white satin and lace, trimmed with strings of pearls, was much admired; another Miss Q'Brien wore a flounced skirt of white lace, with low white, satin, bodice; Miss Farry, cardinal satin, coyered with black lace; Mrs. Philip Hardgrave, pale blue and whiter satin; Miss Muller, black net, covered with gold pompon; Miss Butler looked very well in black lace, with some lovely flowers on. the skirt; Miss Horrigan's costume of white surah, trimmed with gold braid, was very pretty; Miss Hardgrave wore an effective dress of cardinal satin; Miss Brown, pale blue satin, with vest of grenat velvet, trimmed with pearls; Miss Lenneberg, blue satin and white lace; Mrs, Simmons, very handsome dress of cream satin, with bodice and draperies of cinnamon brown satin mer veilleux, spotted with crimson ; Miss Moxley wore blue nun's-veiling; Mrs. Deazley, black lace, trimmed with small sunflowers; Mrs, Thiodon, pale blue satin costume: Mrs. Webb wore black lace and man darin ribbon ;MfEarthy, black^ net, trimmed with cardinal; Miss Collins, (Sydney) was prettily attire_d in pale blue ,* Miss M*Coraip,c£ looked well in pale pinkr:1 the Misfetes fl^rcourt' wor^Cb^umes of fawja satin> draped wit!h ficelle: lace;' arid ctimson Bowers ; ' Mtti. ffawtree,' er£am, tnmmiecl witp cardinal; Miss Orr, & costume,of,maize' silk; Miss Barry, black lace with colored roses j Mr|. Sttirphy, pink net with feather tri&rmhg-;;^Sfisla M^hell (Sydney) was attired in; a handsome iclress o^ bliidk laie, trimmed with cardinal' plush; appeared in a jiale blue costtimfe j/Mis^ SkyriMg^otfe pink silk, draped , with Vhite lace. Mrs, F. fiard grave, handsome. dress of „ lavender silk j . !htra. t Pearcfe, black lace,1 trimiiied wit hi Cardinal; 'Mrs.1 Sapiuels,/white brocaded sMin, trinim^d'TOth criirtr son? Miss,Murray's, costume of pink silk/draped with pink Spanish lace,, wais most effective; Miss GL H6ff, Triack satin, Mild-painted, bl&ck; lace, and pearls ; Miss M'Bride represented Harvest j" Miss Darragh a f<;Hornet." There was also a. ** Bed Riding Hood." " Stella/' prettily represented by Miss Gardner, and several other nondescript fanicy costumes. Dancing was kept up until after 4 o'clock-. There were no such things a,s wall-flowers, and but one drawback to a delightful evening, namely, that the dancers were somewhat overcrowded. In the face of so large an attendance, the. ciominittee.of the CommerciaT Bowing Club should make arrangeth&oits; to hold their a.nnual ball in the Exhibition building i the Academy of Music is no longer large enough tor this most successful of subscription balls. 4 A very enjoyable evening was spent in the library of the New Uhutch, Wickham Terrace, oni Tuesday; the 30th of June. The guests numbered about 60, and, at 7 o'clock, almost all had assembled; and dancing began. The programme consisted of various songs, recitations and readings, with dances between. The entertainment (which is the first of a series of social meetings) came to a termination at; 10 p.m., Concluding with " Sir Boger," and " Auld Lang Syne/' in which all took part. Among those pre sent was a handsome dark young lady from Ithaca, in prune, who was closely attended by a fair gentle* man. ; Somebody wanted to know if he was her-tndn. From Kangaroo Point, hailed a pretty young lady who lately was.a "a Sleeping Beauty" there. A married lady looked very nice in black; with liace cap. J?rom Given Terrace* came a witching girl in blue, and who wore satin mushrooms. There was a general complaint that she did not do her ; usual amount of flirting. What could be the reasori;P' The: singer of "The Noble 24th/' seemed to be on the right roads fOr mashing two girls—one with black, and the other with blue, eyes.' A young gentleman, who did his best to make the evening enjoyable, looked glum, but on the whole would bear inspection^ An impromptu Cinderella dance was given in the New Hall, Nicholas-street, Ipswich, on Friday, 25th inst., by a few: local mashers. The hail presented a gay appearance, the gents' -dark attire contrasting with, and showing off the gay costumes of the ladies; A lady from Sydney, andiat present on a visit at Wood End, looked charming in Alsatian lawn, slashed 1 with shrimp-pink ribbons. A sparkling brunette J from the same placel^bked well in white and hefioi trope. Two sisters from Little. Ipswich appeared to advantage, one, in elephant's breath, a very- trying colour, ijmt suiting the wearer admirably; the othbtf was much admired in black and cardinal; A tall belle from Leichhardt-street, Brisbane, was; iattired in black and eola; and a young lady from the range, f Toowoomba, looked immense in bottle-green,* with velvet of the same shade. ! Sub-Inspector Galbraifch, a very general favorite • here, left for Rockhampton by the s.s. Eurimbla, on Saturday last.' A number of Mr. Galbraith's friends • assembled on the wharf to bid him farewell^ and aftowards repaired to the bridge of the Archer; from •r whence they watched the Eurinibla disappear: round : the point. Our loss is certainly Eoekhampton's f gain, though the gallant Sub. has left his heart with, a fair Brisbane maiden, and there is not the ghost : of a chance for -a northern lady.. On dit thatcake and cards will go tjhe rounds at Christmas. Miss Smith, of Bowen, was the other evening, married by the Rev. W. P. Tucker, to Mr. George Roebuck, line repairer. The bride looted charming, and was assisted at tne altar by the two bridesmaids, Miss Miller and Miss Stewart. Bowen's chief masher was best man, and held the bridegroom up during the painfulordeal. Chureh crowded. Good luck to them in their new journey. Continued on next page. Figaro's At Home.. (Con tinued from previous pnge.) I gave an account of the good time enjpyjed at Hughenden lately. I am no^enabled to; furnish some further particulars The; Church of • England Bazaar.realised £120 clear oi: the expenses.. The ladies who took the lion's share of ;the work at; it -were Mesdames Banner, Kenny, Byrne, Grey, and ^ogg/and the Misses Byrne, Stanfield, Ward (2) ; and one or two others, whose names my correspon dent has not furnished. The hall giyen by the; Bachelors is described as; being one of the best ever held in Hughenden. A married lady, dressed in black satin, beautifully crewelled, was :voted the t?eUe. .Amongst the matrons, Mrs. Gibbons wore black> with cardinal and silver leaves. Mrs. Price, green silk, with black lace and silver. Mrs. Byrne, drab silk and cardinal. Mrs. Cliristison; cream and cardinal. Mrs. Kenny, cream and pink. Mrs. Grey, black ; and another Mrs. Grey, cream and red ; Mrs. Ward, violet velvet; Miss Byrne was greatly ad mired in cream brocaded satin and cashmere, with pink flowers and pearls ; Miss Beddoe, embroidered dress' over pink petticoat; the Misses Ward looked charming—one in cream and blue, and, the other cream land pink ; Miss Stanfield, black; Miss Price, pink^ A young bride (Mrs. Hutchinson), who ap peared in her wedding dress of white satin and lace,. was also greatly admired. The.. great event of the season, at Herberton, was the Masonic ball, held on St. John's Day, 24th June. It was by far the most stylish affair that has been there,some of the ladies' costumes being particularly unique, for Northern Queensland. The handsomest costume" was worn by Mrs. C. Hurvy, and was a combination of cream satin and cardinal broche, draped with very rich D'Alenjjon lace, and decorated with damask roses, the only jewel worn being a massive gold locket and necklet. Another elegant; white broche and Edeleteirs lace, caught up with natural blush roses and ferns, was worn by Mrs. J. Newell. Mrs. Medes, in prune velvet draped with cream broche, and silver flowers, looked very stylish* A handsome brown material,, silk and white lace, was rather an old costume for^such .a young face; besides .other black costumes, with little tinges of cardinal.. The belle was a Miss Slack, from Watson ville, in a striking costume of pale blue and white satin and silver, and her dancing -was equally good; Next comes; Miss Hides, in white cashmere and white satin, and gold, jewellery. Miss Jack looked particularly, niee in pink Madras muslin, and a rich pink sash. Other noticeable dresses were worn by two sisters of West Herberton — pink, and blae Madras muslin, and deep, white lace. A white nun's veiling, and old gold flowers, and a pale bluie Indian muslin, worn by a young lady with beautiful fair hair. Music, on the whole, good, particularly when the local pianist (whose generosity is so well known) performed. Supper table reflected great credit oh Messrs. Hides and M'Coll. The guests nearly all appeared in full evening dress, and would have done credit to a large Southern ball. H. S. has doffed the little paget, and appears in full dress now at big events; • ■ ■ The M. TJ. Oddfellows, Her&f;^ton, gave a party, "by invitation, on the 18th, to celebrate thelnstalla tion of officers for the ensuing year. Music by Selig and Warren; twenty couples; nice dancing ; pretty dresses; plenty of girls; broke up at daylight. Wednesday, 24th, Masonic ball. About fifty couples present. Music by Warren and Meriga, under leadership of Bro. Selig. Kept up to 5 am. Ball was opened by W.M. Pasley and P.M. Hurry, Craig, and Mears. The first dance (quadrille) being for Masons only. The handsomest dress was worn by the wife of a Past Master. A young lady in blue dress, who teaches the young idea how to shoot at Watsonville, carried off honors as belle, her good dancing and figure being well worthy of admiration. Young Love, of bicycle fame, was to the fore as the representative of the Watsonville beaux. ? Of course he r had on his gorgeous dress suit ; his rendering of the new waltz being a novelty up that way. A noticeable feature was the plentiful sprinkling of emu-like appendages, bustling about amongst the fair sex. Yety nice to look at, but too touch in the way at ai crowded ball. Two cousins from Watson ville; were greatly sought after by the Bros. Several of the ladies were to have-had dresses from South, but-owing to delay in arrival of a steamer, they were disajy^oiiitedP • The' wife of a leading draper des patched a special messenger to Port Douglas, but the horses knocked up on the return journey, thus disappointing herself and pthers, who intended to admire this brilliant Effort 'of the dressmaker's art. Oh, never mind, it will do for the Bachelor's Ball, which will surely , come off before the close of the winter, iy The weather • was ' splendid for dancmg, as i .& few of the ladies wore th!eix clbafes after supper^ it being very very cold. A.: first-class banquet was seryed by Hides and M'Goll, Royal Hotel. Rooms nicely decorated by the Bros. Bro. Richards offici ated as M.C. A noticeable feature iri the;progranimfe was the absence of the antiquated Alberts. A Highlander danced a Scotch reel at the close of the ball with variations* plenty of reel, and not much Scotch about it. > - 1 he prizetakers at Samford School, seeming dis appointed at my last issue wot containing t their names, they are reminded that my is limited; but,; for this once, I will be liberal; and they are hereto ^appended :>-^Fourth ■ Class •' Margaret Fitz gerald; P. Kenne<%?iP. Fitzgerald, M; E;Fitzgibbon, J. Kehnedy, V. Bergin^ Third Gliass : James 3?ite gerald, John Fitzgerald, George Peel well; H. Wight, Jane Bergin, Gertrude Bynon, Emma Richards. Second Glass: James Bergin, "W. Bynon, J. Fitz gibbon, L. Taylor. First Class : Alice Wight, M. A. Fitzgerald, Norah Kennedy, Edgar Taylor; These all earned their prizes. None ivere awarded, except as the result of competitive class examinations. What were the wild waves , saying F What were ■the wild waves of Six-mile Creek saying on Wednes day night, I wonder, when they heard the spunds of : pipes and fiddles, the measured tread of dancers, the iloud peals of laughter, the shouts, the hurrahs, and ;all the thousand ando&e; noises that were heard on j their hanks. Oh! never shall my heart forget—but j hold, my bold Queenslander. If truth gives j eloquence, better begin with it. The Six-mile is as I dry as—as—yes, as that $p$pch Mr. H-b-n gave. | iAnd the piper had to stay at home that night. But ■ there was a spree. It was given by Mr. Barclay, of <51enview, for, on that day he gave away his young est daughter (bar one), Mary Anne, to Ned, only son of Mr. H. S. Pentecost, of Withcott, to be bone of j Ned's bone and jilesh of his flesh. But how can I j describe how; Mr. Ealkiner, of Toowoomba, P.M. ! minister, tied the kiibt-^how Mr. Hartmann offici- j ated as *' best man/' and Miss Joha-nna Barclay and the Misses Pentecost as bridesmaids—how, in the evening, Mr;P£ritecost, senr., shook off the load of I years, and sang * Let us be happy together"—how 1 Sam Greer boiled wine and cut jokes-$c>w the com pany (males) laughed at the latter and drank the former-^liow. they all danced, and how Hanlan and Currie scraped the cat-gutr-woiild be vain to attempt describing—all vain as conjecturing how Peter M'lntosh got home next morning, or how Cannole and Hegarty got enough, money to pay for the gun powder they wasted* ^ : It was in Connell Bros., Jewellers, Buthven-street, Toowoomba, opposite Munro?s Timber yard; You cannot mistake the place ?now. In the dobrway stood a young couple eyeing id|oe,ringsvery intently. The public passing by gair^ttfipibiou8 glances, iand at last a, knot of gapers congregated opposite and began to hold an earnest conversation. " A good match ain't they ? " said one. " Yes," said another, " are they engaged?" "Yes/- answered the former, "and I guess they are on business connected with a ring."; " All," sighed another, " the dress becomes the oc casion. "Velvet and gold, very pretty ain't it ?" \'tf Who is the bloke ? " "A promising young press | man, I believe; to look at him you would not think butter would melt in his mouth*" " Why! by the look of his white corduroys I should have thought he was a, squatter at the least!" At this moment a blast of Westerly wind suddenly dispersed the knot' of gossipers. ' The Toowoomba Grammar School Sports were held last Saturday week, and were financially and other wise a success. A fair sprinkling of the elite were present* Tasker, of Murphy's Creek; won the Cup. Lit Groom was the Champion of the day, carrying off a great number of prizes; Truman, the station master pro. tern., cut a dash throughout the evening ; with Miss R—— (this correspondent's nose has evi dently been put out of joint, Ed.) who was, no doubt, in her glory. A great number availed themselves of the opportunity of seeing the sports without shelling5 -out, by looking over the fence. ' The solicitors of the colony gave a picnic to the honorable *Mr. Justice Mein on Saturday last. About 50 went down in the " Lucinda," including all the Ministers. A very nice banquet was pre pared; and the whole of the arrangements were nicely carried out by the energetic committee—Mr, Peter M'Pberson occupied the chair, and ^ice cfaairs was filled byMr.HenryWWker (Maryborough), and Mr. W. H. Wilson. The principal toastwas " Our Guest/' andwas given by the chairman, who spoke highly ofthe ability of Mr. justice Mein, and expressed his conviction that he would make an ex cellent'Judged That the branch tff the-profession 6f whi6h he was a member was 5weri^t^ed*;t>dtfctt^; Ja^bmtmeht.:, The .toast Was drunk 'with inusical bbnors.fJ tKEiv Justice 3^ein!replifed m % yery hapjpyJ :.4ilier'. Jib'dgip'i^sf' Mj£' Hdnry Walker,' who stated from His ex})'eri|n:be', as a splicitoi' of old had foiind the Judges mostcourteou^ to the branch of the. profession to which lie be-7 i longed: That judgment were satisfactory, and' j that the colony had every' reason t6 be proud of her Judges. He expressed his entire, approval of Mr. Justice Mein's appointment, and he was glad to see thf Executive Council ha)d come out so liberally, and ; appointed a gentlenian so highly gifted, and had selected him from the lower branch of the, profes sion. He felt it to be an honor conferred upon them. He had known Mr. Justice Mein some years, and was quite sure that he would proye himself worthy of the appointment. He had no fear of the .result. He hoped that the Judges would, for many years to come, occupy their present positions. The "Legal Profession" was proposed by Sir Charles LiUey, and responded to by W. H. Wilson and H. Tozer."1 The toas^of the " Ministry" was also pro posed—the Premier responded. The party reached the wharf at 5.30. A certain respected resident 6f Wicknahi Terrace stands a very fair chance at present of toeing xun in on a charge of horse-stealing. The Other evening jwhile a dance was going on at his piaeie lie was asked toy a young gentleman the way to the stable, as his horse was hapging up in the lane outside. The host said, you go on with your dancing 1*11 seke to the horse/and good- naturedly went to look after it himself. Theire were, howefer, two horses rin the lane, tout he only noticed one, and that, of course, was the wrong one. He putitin thestableanft re turned to the scene of festivity. Now the horsef that was comfortably stabled belonged to a young gentleman at Nudgee, so he hud plenty of time during his walk to ruminate over the folly of leaving his horse in a lane. He jumped, naturally, to the conclusion that it had been stolen, and next mornin;g reported the matter to the detectives. Next morn ing the host on looking into his back yard saw the steed still standing there and came to the conclusion that the owner had walked home with some young ladies and would come after breakfast" for it. He does hot keep horses, so he borrowed a feed and boiled some water for the animal as it looked so miserable and cold, but as no owner came he took the steed to" a livery stable j tout the " Lynx-eyed" detectives were * on his track, he was collared and rather roughly ; handled, and it took a power of j explanation to con vince the smart exposers of erinie that their victim was iiot a noted horse-tliief. . 7 ~ ■ What proved to "be one of the most successful of amateur performances of private theatricals, took place on Friday, July 1st, at Fernyside, Kelviii Grove, the residence of Mrs. Buzacott. The piece chosen was T. W. Robertson's comedy, " Home," for which a smart prologue, in the form of a burlesque sermon on "Home Sweet Horde," was expressly written by' one of the company. Everything was carried out in the most complete manner; the ladies all changed their dresses three tiihes during the performance, and were artistically made up. There were none of the hitches common to Amateur per formances. The curtain worked smoothly, the foot lights did not set fire to anything, and there seemed; to be very little need of a prompter. The tableaux at the end of each act, too, were capitally arranged; The ladies who represented Mrs. Birchbeck and Dpra Thonhough, showed the most aptitude for act ing;: and the gentleman whoplayed Captain Mount raff^; was exceedingly amusing. I have not space to enumerate all the 'characters concerned, but tliey,: one and all, played "with a conscientiousness and esprit de corps that contributed Very largely to the success of the evening. Tothe manager, or managers, too much praise cannot be given for the complete ness and smoothness with which the performance, as: a whole, was enacted. After the play, dancing was commenced, and kept up till 2 a.m., when omnibuses conveyed the visitors back to town. Of course, there was a tun oh the actresses, and the charming little " slavey" of thb. play, with her mistress/ Lucy Porrison^ never seemed to have a iriom&ritfS; rest. There were many eyes, arid i^erefore many b£lles> Jjutjopinioti was pretty evenly divided between two very fair young ladies—one fiom Milton, arid oriefrom Bowen Terrace. Altogether, a most enjoyable evening was spent; andmy only wish is, that when another performance is giveri> may I be th^re to see! - A Faoti Miss P. (meeting two Misses'M., in black): wHo* do yoii do p; How did you enjoy the ball last Friday? I see you have met with a misfortune since then." Miss M. (hurriedly): " Oh ! dear no; not ejiripe then. Our mother's sister died about a month ago, but we couldn't go into mourning just then, as, there were so many public balls to be given y but, thank goodness, they'rie all over sow." : : V 