TIHE V R.OC. 1IElri# ., THE CUP DAY. [BY GRACE DARLING.] It's all very fine of you to say that I am a lucky girl to win the Caulfied Cup, but you ask either the boss or Paddy Gill, and they'll tell you I showed them a "go" good enough for anything, and made The Ghost give up over the last six furlongs; and both were certain that I was a long way in it. Thie way Williamsgot through showed he knew what he was doing, and the stable landed a fair stake, and I'm glad I put down that misnamed Britisher, for he is not a game one, anyhow. He fairly eared when I challenged hlim, and that's not like a Britisher anyhow, for obstinacy is a real Britisher's religion. The IMel bourne Cup is the raceof the year. Me I I don't feel any the worso for my victory but two miles is a hbit further than I'voyet been ; but neither is there any reason why I shouldn't get that journey as well ne I did the mile and a half; for my Pa the Diver could stay for a week, and the Sir Hercules blood of my lMamma should assist me equally well over a longjourney. You didn't wish to be personal. Oh, you're quite excusable. 1 don't like in rinuations, though. But, about Cup Day. Well, I'm told that the committee made no end of irn provements in the accommodation for the public, and quite right too, for it's the public that bring in the money, which brings owners, horses and bookmakers together. The stand has been done up and improved wherever possible; the accommodation for the ladies has been wonderfully improved; refreshments are arranged on the best possible footing, while the racing promises to be better than at any previous meeting. Despite the unparalleled crowd which is expected on this occasion, there willbe no fear of repetition of the crushing experienced in The Assyrian's year, while the amount of rain which has already fallen this season, assures us of fine weather, and has rendered course and lawn like an emerald carpet. Never before have I seen such verdure and such a wealth of bloom at this season of the'year as is now to be found at Flem ington ; while I'm told that the dresses - this year are so tasteful, yet bright, and will be worn by such a host of bright-eyed girls that the stand will resemble a liv ing flower show. " Then on the hill the accommudation for its patrons has beau greatly improved, and the whole of the: enormous crowd expected will be accom modated without crushing or confusion. All sorts of amusements are provided to wile away the short intervals between the races, and every comfort is provided at the refreshment booths. Those who bring their own comestibles can have every assistance and requisite to make their picnic enjoyable, while visitors to the stand will see that Mr Straker has this year excelled all his previous efforts in catering. The prograume is a good one, and has a noble entry, indeed. TarE RAILWAY STAKES Opens the ball,, and here the cracks are slightly handicapped to the moderate division by penalties, but as a rule the cracks win ; but with Honeydew, Moon slee, lRavensworth and Oakleigh, Isonomy and First Chester in this, a most exciting contest may be anticipated; and at a mile and a quarter Winchester might upset the lot., THte KENsrIGToN STAKES Then brings out a fine field of two-years old, and as both The Nun and Maddelina are engaged, it shows that some rare quality will be on view, while The Fobber, Halcyon, Dufferin, and Essio are to the fore. Oh, what an exciting timle it is from the instant the gong gives the signal that they are away, until the colours of the winning jacket flash by the judge. TaIE HoDltE RAce Comes next. IIn this the Agent heads the list and I fancy that it is just possible that he, Royal Maid and Duration will all have a say in it, for Mr Barnard has made a great handicap, and a rare contest may be looked for. What a host of clever horse men over jumps we have in Victoria, and; how the ladies love jumping events. Certainly Melbourne is the only place where jumping is seen to perfection. THE MELBOURNE CUP Now promises to be the greatest race ever seen over two miles in Victoria, fully thirty-five :horses may be expected to start, and each horse, owner and trainer is confident of victory. What will win I can't pretend to say, but I know I will try, and with Lord Exeter, Prince Imperial, Stornaway, Sheet Anchor, Kit Nubbles, Acolytei and myself, a pretty race would result if all the rest were: out of it, but they aint, and the only advice I can give is to come and see it. And if you are in the paddock go to the rails when the Cup is being run, and as the horses turn for the abbatoirs do you turn also and look at the hill, and as long as you live you'll never forget the sight as the faces turn like one man's, following the flying steeds in their fierce struggle for the palm of victory. T"a? NU?rSERcY HANDIeCAP Follows and here such i host are entered that they'll take an hour to look at. .. TIIE YAN YEAX STAKES Follows anrd this has even a greater entry, sixty. horses having noniinated;. If this isn't enough sport for otto day for anyone he must be a glutton, and as I hear. Paddy coming with a feed of oats I'll say good bye pro tent. as they ay say i the classics. , . ... 