THE GHOST'S TOUCH. Br WILKIE COLLINS. {[Published by special arrangement with the author. All lights reserved,] FIRST PART. L The course of this narrative leads the reader ?on new and strange ground. It describes the return of a disembodied spirit to earth — not ?occurring in the obscurity of midnight, bat in the searching light of day — neither seen as a -vision nor heard as a voice — revealing itself to anortai knowledge through the sense which is least easily eelf-deceived— the sense that feels. The record of this event will of necessity pro ?duce conflicting impressions. It will raise in some minds the donbt which mason asserts ; it 'will invigorate in other minds the hope which -faith justifies ; and it will leave the terrible -question of the destinies of man where centuries -of vain investigation have left it — in the dark. Having undertaken in the present narrative to lead the way along a succession of events, the writer attempts no more. It is no part of ?his duty to follow modern examples by thrust ing himself and his opinions on the public view. -He returns to the shadow from which he has ?emerged, and leaves the opposing forces of in -credulity and belief to fight the old battle over ?again ou the old ground. IL The events happened soon after the first 'thirty years of the present century had come -to an end. On a fine morning early in the month of April a gentleman of middle age named Ray fcurn took his little daughter Lucy out for a walk in the woodland pleasure ground of 'Western London, called Kensington Gardens. The few friends whom he possessed reported of Mr. Ray burn (not unkindly) that he was a reserved and solitary man. He might have been more accurately described as a widower devoted to bis only surviving child. Although he was not more than forty years of age, the ?one pleasure which made life enjoyable to Lucy's father was offered by Lucy herself. Flaying with her ball, the child ran on to the southern limit of the gardens, at that part of it which still remains nearest to the old Palace of Kensington. Observing close at hand one of those spacious covered seats called in England alcoves, Mr. Rayburn was reminded 'that he had the morning's newspaper in his pocket, and that he might do -well to rest and lead. At that early hour the place was a soli tude. ' Go on playing, my dear,' he said ; ' but take care to keep where I can see you.' Lucy tossed up her ball, and Lucy's father opened his newspaper. He had not been read ing for more than ten minutes when he felt a fpraiifor little hand laid on his knee. ' Tired of playing ?' he enquired, with his eyes still on the newspaper. ' Ym. frightened, papa.' He looked up directly. The child's pale face startled him. He took her on his knee and kissed her. 'You oughtn't to be frightened, iiucy, when I am with you,' he said gently. ' What is it ?' He looked out of the alcove as lie spoke, and saw a little dog among the trees. ' Is it the dog ?' he asked. Lucy answered, 'It's not the dog— it's the lady.J- The lady was not visible from, the alcove. 'Has she .said anything to you?' Mr. JELayburn enquired. ''No.' 'What has she jdone to frighten you?' The chDd put her arms round her father's neck. ' Whisper, papa,' -she said ; ' I'm afraid of her hearing us. I think she's mad.' i ' Why do you think so, Lucy ?' I *' She came near to me. I thought she was \ going to say something. She seemed to be ill.' 'Wei], and what then?' 'She looked at me.' There Lucy found herself at a loss how to express what she had to say next, and took refuge in silence. *♦ Nothing very wonderful, so far,' her father suggested. 'Yes, papa— but she didn't seem to see me when she looked.' ?* Well, and what happened then ?' 'The lady was frightened— and that friehtened me. I think,' the child repeated positively, 'she's-mad.' It occurred to Mr. Rayburn that the lady might .be blind. He rose at once to set the doubt at rest. 'Wait here,' he said, '*nd Ml come back to you.' ? Bat Lucy clung to him with both hands ; . . JLttey' declared that she was afraid to be by V herself. They left the. aloovetogether. ?;'?'? ? ^e new point of new -at once revealed ttie ': . ? stranger, leaning against the trunk of a tree. ~ i'- ? . ^ewasdressedin the deepmourningofa widow, Si..:;^^'i-ai^ tfiior — it excused th-? aLariEiug- conclusion a^; } which she had arrived. ?' Gn- nearer to her,' ? Lucy wlttsjjerfcd. They advanced a few steps. It was now easy to see that the lady wa-s j young-, and wasted by illness, but (arriving at I a_ doubtful conclusion perhaps under present j circumstances) apparently possessed of rare personal attractions in happier days. As the father and daughter advanced a little she dis covered tkeni. After some hesitation she left the tree, apprc ached wiih an evident intention of speaking: to them, and suddenly paused. A change to astonishment and fear animated her vacant ejes. If it had not been plain before, it was now beyond all doubt that she was not a poor blind creature, deserted and helpless. At the Ean.e time the expression of her face was not ta&y; to understand. She could hardly have looked more amazed and bewildered if the two strangers who were observing her had sud denly vanished from the place in which they stood ! Mr. Rayburn spoke to her with the utmost kindness cf voice and manner. 'I am afraid you are not well,' he said 'Is there anything that I can do ? ?'' The next words were suspended on his lips. It was impossible to reahse such a state of things ; but the strange impression that she had already produced on him was now con firmed. If he could believe his senses, her face did certainly tell him that he was invisible and inaudible to the woman whoDi he had just ad dressed ! She moved slowly away with a heavy sigh, like a person disappointed and distressed. Following her with his eyes, he saw the dog once more— a little smooth-coatei territr of the ordinary English breed. Tae dog showed none of the restless activity of his race. With his head down and his tail de pressed, he crouched like a creature paralysed by fear. His mistress roused him by acill. He followed her listlessly as she turned away. After walking a few paces only, she suddenly stood still. Mr. Kaybum heard her talking to herself. ' Did I feel it again?' she said, as if perplexed by some doubt that awed or grieved her. After a while her arms rose slowly aud opened with a gentle caressing action — an embrace strangely offered to the empty air ! ' No,' she said to herself sadly, after waiting a moment. 'More perhaps when to-morrow comes — no more to-day.''' She looked up at the clear blue sky. *' The beautiful sunlight ! the merciful sunlight !' she murmured. ' I should have died if it had happened in the daik.' .Once more she called to the dog; and once more she walked slowly away. 'Is she going home, papa ?' the child asked. 'We will try and find out,' the father answered. He was by this time convinced that the poor creature was in no condition to be permitted to go out without some one to take care of her. From motives of humanity he was resolved on making the attempt to communicate with her friends. IIL The lady left the gardens by the nearest gate ; stopping to lower her veil before she turned into the busy thoroughfare which leads to Kensington. Advansing a little way along the Migli-street, she entered a house or respec table appearance, with a card in one of the windows -which announced that apartments were to let. Mr. Rayburn waited a minute, then knocked at the door, and asked if he could see the mis tress of tie house.- The servant showed him into a room on the ground floor, neatly but scantily furnished. One little white object varied the grim brown monotony of the empty table. It was a visiting card. With a child's unceremonious curiosity Lucy pounced on the card, and spelt the name letter by letter: 'Z, A, N, T,' she repeated. 'What does that mean?' Her father looked at the card as he took it away from her, and put it back on the table. The name was printed, and the address was added in pencil : ' Mr. John Zant, Purley's HoteL' The mistress inade her appearance. Mr. Rayburn heartily wished himself out of the house again the moment he saw her. The ways in which it is possible to cultivate the social virtues are more numerous and more varied than is generally supposed. This lady's way had apparently accustomed her to meet her fellow-creatures on the hard ground of jus tice without mercy. Something in her eyes, when she looked at Lucy, said, 'I wonder whether that child gets as much punishment as she deserves?' ' Do you wish to see the rooms which I have to let 7' she began. Mr. Rayburn at once stated the object of his visit, as clearly, as civilly, and a3 concisely as a man could do it. He was conscious (he added) that he had been guilty perhaps of an act of intrusion. The manner of the mis tress of the house showed that she entirely agreed with him. He suggested, however, that his motive might excuse him. The mistress's manner changed, and asserted a difference of opinion. ' I only know the lady whom you mention,' sbesaid, ''sea person of the highest respect ability, in delicate health. She has taken my firstfloorapartments, with excellent references : and she- gives remarkably little trouble. I have no claim to interfere with her proceedings, and no reason to doubt that -ahe is capable of taking- care of herself.' - Mr. Rayburn unwisely attempted to say a word in his own defence. ' Allow me to remind you ? ' he began. 'Of what, sir?' ' Of what I observed when I happened to see the lady in Kensington Gardens.' 'I am not responsible for what you observed in Kensington Gardens. If your time is of any value pray dont let me detain you.' Dismissed in those terms, Mr. Rayburn took Lucy's hand and withdrew. He had just reached the door, when it was opened from the outer side. The lady of Kensington Gardens stood before him. In the position which he and hiB daughter now occupied, their backs were towards the window. Would she remember having seen them for a moment in the Gardens? She said her few words of apology confusedly ; and advancing to the table took up the card. 'Your servant tells me my brother-in-law called while I was out,' she said to the land lady. '* He sometimes leaves a message on his card.' She looked for the message, aud appeared to be disappointed; there was ho writing on the card. Mr. Rayburn lingered a little in the door way on the chance of hearing something more. The landlady's vigilant eyes discovered him. **Do you know this gentleman?' she said maliciously to her lodger. ' Not that Iremember.' Replying in those words, the lady looked at Mi. Hayburn for the first time ; and suddenly drew back from him. 'Yes,' she said, correct ing herself ; 'I think we met ? ' Her em barrassment overpowered her : she could say no more. Mr. Rayburn compassionately finished the sentence for her. 'We met accidentally in Kensington Gardens,' he said. She seemed to be incapable of appreciating the kindness of bis motive. After hesitating a little she addressed a proposal to h''ij which seemed to show distrust of the landlady. ' Will you let me speak to you upstairs in my own rooms ?' she asked. 'Without waiting for a reply she led the way to the stairs. Mr. Rayburn and Lucy fol lowed. They were just beginning the ascent to the first floor, when the spiteful landlady left the lower room, and called to her lodger over their heads — ' Take care what you say to thfe man, Mrs. Zant. He thinks you're mad.' Mxs. Zant turned round on the landing and looked at him. Not a word fell from her lips. She suffered, she feared, in silence. Something in the sad submission of her face touched the springs of innocent pity in Lucy's heart. The child burst out crying. That artless expression of sympathy drew Mrs. Zant down the few stairs which separated her from Lucy. ' May I kiss your dear little girl?' she said to Mr. Rayburn. The landlady, standing on the mat below, expressed her opinion of the value of caresses as compared with a sounder method of treating young persons in tears. 'If that child was mine, \ she remarked, ** I would give her something to cry for.' In the meantime Mrs. Zant led the way to tier rooms. The first words she spoke showed that the landlady had succeeded but too well in pre judicing her against Mr. Rayburn. ' Will you let me ask your child,' she said to him; ? ' why you think me mad ?' He met this strange request with a - firm answer. '.'You don't know yet what I really do think. 'Will you give me a minute's atten tion?;' ''Ko,' she said positively. 'The. child pities me. I v. ant to speak to the child. What did ycu see me do in the Gardens, my dear, that Eurpiised you ?' Lucy turned uneasily to her father. Mrs. Zant persisted. ' I first saw jou by yourself, and then I saw you with your father,' the went on. ' When I came nearer to you. did I look very oddly— as if I didn't see jou at all V Lucy hesitated again; and Mr. Rayburn interfered. ' You are confusing my little girl,' he said. 1 * Allow me to answer your questions — or excuse nie if I leave you.' There was something in his look, or in his tone, that mastered her. She put her hand to her head. 'I don't think I'm fit for it,' sheau swered vacantly. 'My courage has been sorely tried already. If I can get a little rest and Bleep, you may find me a different person. I sm left a great deal by myself ; and I have -reasons for trying to compose my mind. Can I : ee you to-morrow ? Or write to you ? Wheie do yon live? Mr. Ray bum hud bis card on the table in s-ilt nee. She had strongly excited his interest. He honestly desired to be of some service to t bos forlorn creatnre-Habandoned so cruelly, as it sec mtd, to her 'own 'guidance. ' ' Bat he had Tio authority to exercise, no. sort of claim to directher actions, ejten .if she consented to accept his' advice. As a tost :' resource he s-^ritertidwian afiusiok-fo therelali** of whom *he4iad«poken downstairs. ? .' ?\Yheu do you expect to see your brother in-law again V lit; said. ' I don't know,' she answered. *' I should like to see him — he is so kind to me.' i She turned aside to take leave of Lucy. ; *' Good-hye, my little friend. If you live to grow up 1 hope you will never be such a ? miserable woman as I am.' She suddenly looked round at Mr Rayburn. ' Have you got ; a wife at home V she asked. j ?'My wife is dead.' ) 'And you have a child to coaifort you? . Please leave me ; you harden my heart. Ob, i s-ir, don't you understand ? You make me envy \ you !' j Mr. Rayburn was silent when he and his daughter were out in the street again. Lucy, as became a dutiful child, was silent, too. But there aie limits to bumau endurance— aud j Lucy's capacity for self control gave way at last. 'Are you thinking of the lady, papa ''' the said. He only answered by nodding his head. His daughter had interrupted him at that critical moment in a man's reflections when he. is on the point of making up his mind. Before they were at home again Mr. Rayburn had arrived at a decision. Mrs. Zant's 'brother-in-law was evidently ignorant of any serious necessity for his interference, or he would have made arrangements for immediately repeating his visit. In this state of things, if any evil happened to Mrs. Zant, silence on Mr. Ray buin's part might be indirectly to blame for a serious misfortune. Arriving at that conclusion he decided upon running the risk of being ludely received, for the second time, by another stranger. Leaving Lucy under the care of her gover ness, he went at once to the address that ha-1 been written on the visiting card left at the lodging-bouse, and sent in his name. A courteous message was returned. Mr. John Zant was at home, and would be happy to see him. IV. Mr. Rayburn was shown into one of the private sitting-rooms of the hotel. He observed that the customary position of the furniture in a room had been, in some respects, altered. An arm-chair, a side table, and a footstool had all been removed to one of the windows, and had been placed as close as possible to the light. On the table lay a large open roll of morocco leather, containing rows ot elegant little instruments in steel and ivory. Waiting by the table stood Mr. John Zant. He said ' Good morning' in a bass voice, so profound and so melodious that those two commonplace words assumed a new importance coming from bis lips. His personal appearinee was in harmony with his magnificent voice — he wa s a tall finely made man of dark complexion ; with big brilliant black eyes, and a noble curling beard which hid the whole lower part ' of bis_ face. Having bowed with a happy mingling of dignity and politeness the con ventional side of this gentleman's character suddenly vanished, and an insane side, to all appearance, took its place. He dropped on his knees in front of the footstool. Had he forgotten to say his prayers that morning, and was he in such a hurry to remedy the fault flint he had no time to SDare for consulting appearances ? The doubt had hardly suggested itself before it was set at rest in a most un expected manner. Mr. Zant looked at his visitor with abland smile and said, 'Please let me see your feet.' For the moment Mr. Rayburn lost his presence of mind. 'Are you a corn-cutter ?' ?era s all he could say. 'Excuse me,' returned the polite operator, 'the term you use is quite obsolete in our profession. ' He rose from his knees and added modestly, ' I am a chiropodist.' ' I beg your pardon.' ' Don't mention it. You are not, I imagine, in want of my professional services. In my leisure hours I amuse myself by practising chemical experiments, and I sometimes write in a scientific journal. Perhaps you have heard i of me in that way ?' 'Ko.' i ' To what motive, sir, may I attribute the honor of your vieit?' By this time Mr. Rayburn had recovered himself. 'I have come here,' he answered, 'under circumstances which require apology as well as explanation.' Mr. Zant's highly polished manner betrayed signs of alarm ; his suspicions pointed to a for midable conclusion — a conclusion that shook him to the innermost recesses of the pocket in which he kept his money. 'The numerous demands on me ? ' he began. Mr. Rayburn smiled. 'Make your mind easy, 'he replied. 'I don't want money. My object is to speak with you on the subject of a lady who is a relation of yours.' 'My sister-in-law?' Mr, Zant exclaimed. 'Pray take a seat.' Doubting if he had chosen a convenient time for his 'visit, Mr. Rayburn hesitated. 'Am I likely to be in the way of persons who wish to consult* you ?' he asked. ?' Certainly not. My hours of attendance on my clients in London are from eleven to one.' The clock on the mantelpiece struck the quarter past one as lie spoke. ' I hope you don't bring me bad news ?' he said very earnestly. ' When I called on 'Mrs. Zant this morning I heard that shehad gone out for a walk. Is it in discreet to ask how you became acquainted with her?' ' Mr. Rayburn at once mentioned what he had seen 'and heard in Kensington Gardens, not forgetting to add a few words; which described his interview afterwards with Mrs. rr ? *. The lady's brother-in-law listened with an interest and sympathy which offered the strongest possible contrast to the unprovoked rudeness of the mistress of the lodging-house. He declared that he could only do justice to his sense of obligation by following Mr. Riy burn's example, and expressing himself as frankly as if he had been speaking to an old friend. ' The sad story of my sister-in-law's life,' he said, 'will, I think, explain certain things -which must have naturally perplexed you. My brother was introduced to her at the house of an Australian gentleman on a visit to England. She was then employed as governess to his daughters. So sincere was the regard felt for her by the family that the parents had, at the entreaty of their children, asked her to accom pany them when they returned to the colony. ? The governess thankfully accepted the pro- ; posaL' j 'Had she no relations in England?' Mr. Rayburn asked. j ' She was literally alone in the world, sir. ! When I tell you that she had been brought up j in the Foundling Hospital, you will understand what I mean. Oh, there is no romance in my sister-in-law's story ! She never has known, or will know, who her parents were or why they deserted her. The happiest moment in her life was the moment when she and my brother first met. It was an instance, on both sides, of love at first sight. Though not a rich man, my brother had earned a sufficient income in mercantile pursuits. His character j spoke for itself. In a word, he altered all the poor girl's prospects, as we then hoped and believed, for the better. Her employers deferred their return to Australia, so that she might be married from their house. After a happy life i of a few weeks only ? ' | His voice failed him ; he paused ; and turned his face from the light. | ' Pardon me,' he said, ' I am not able, even yet, to speak composedly of my brother's ' death. Let me only say that the poor young wife was a widow before the happy days of the honeymoon were over. That dreadful calamity struck her down. Before my brother had been committed to the grave her life was in danger from brain fever.' j Those words placed in a new light Mr. Ray bum's first fear, that her intellect might be deranged. Looking- at him attentively, Mr. Zant seemed to understand what was passing in the mind of his guest. 'No!' he said. 'If the opinions of the medical men are to be trusted, the result of the illness is injury to her physical strength — not injury to her mind. I have observed in her, no doubt, a certain way wardness of temper since her illness ; but that is a trifle. As an example of what I mean, I may tell you that I invited her, on her recovery, to pay me a visit. My house is not in London — the air doesn't agree with me — my place of residence is at St. Ann's on-Sea. I am not myself a married man ; but my excellent housekeeper would have received Mrs. Zant with the utmost kindness. She was resolved — obstinately resolved, poor thing — to remain in London. It is needless to say that in her melancholy position I am attentive to her slightest wishes. I took a lodging for her, and, at her special request I chose a house wnico was near jvensmgton uaraens. ' Is there any association with the gardens . which led Mis. .Zarit to make that request ?' ''Some association, I believe, with the : memory of her husband. By-the-way, I wish to be sure of finding her at home when I call to-morrow. Did you say (in the' course of your interesting statement) that she intended — as you fcupposed — to return to Kensington Gardens to-morrow? Or has my memory de ceived me ?'' *' Your inemory is perfectly correct.' ' Thank you. I confess I am not only dis tressed by what you have told me of Mrs. Zant— I am at a loss to know hot? to act for the best. My only idea, at present, is to try change of air and scene. What do you think yourself ?' 'I think you are right.' Mr. Zant still hesitated. ' It would not be easy for me, just now,' he said, ' to leave my patients and take her abroad.' The obvious reply to this occurred to Mr. Rayburo. A man of larger worldly ex perience might have felt certain suspicions, and might have remained silent. Mr. Ray buin spoke — '' Why not renew your invitation and take her to your house at the sea-side 1' he said. . . In the perplexed state of Mr. Zant's mind, this plain course of action had appa l'ently 'failed to present itself. Hia gloomy face brjghtened directly. . .. ' ?**The very thing !'?'? he -said. 'I -will cer- ? -tainly t^eyDuridvj)*, 'If the air at St. Ann*B does?Loibibg else, it wuHfoproTO bsi health, and help her to recover her good looks. Did sliest! ike you as having been in happier days a pretty woman ?'' This was a htraDgeJy familiar question to atk— almost an indelicate question, under the circumstances. A certain lurtive expression in Mr. Zant's fine dark eyes seemed to imply that it had been put with a purpose. Was it poa s-iblethat he susptcted Sir. Riyburn's interest in bis sister-in-law to be inspired by any mo tive which was not perfectly unselfish and per fectly pure ? To arrive at such a conclusion as this might be to judge hastily and cruelly of a jnan who was perhaps only guilty of a want of delicacy of feeling. Mr. Rayburn honestly did his best to assume the charitable point of view. At the same time, it i3 not to be denied that his words when he next spoke were carefully guarded, and that he ro3e to take his leave. Mr. John Zaut hospitably protested. 'Why sre you in such a hurry ? Must you really go ? I shall have the honor of returning your visit to-n\orrow, when I have made arrange ments to profit by that excellent suggestion of yours. Good-bye. God bless you.' He held out his hand, a hand with a smooth surface and tawny color, that fervently squeezed the fingers of a. departing friend. ' Is that man a scoundrel ?' was Mr. Riy burn's first thought, after he had left the hotel. His moral sense set all hesitation at rest and answered. ' You're a fool if you doubt it.' (To be continued. J 