BISHOP REYNOLDS AT PORT AUGUSTA. On Friday, July 24, his lordship, attended by Dean Nevin and Fathers JOoyle and O'Donnell, paid a visit in the forenoon to the school in charge of the Sisters of St. Joseph. When he had entered the children in full chorus sang a song of hearty welcome to the hishop, who having thanked them for their affectionate greeting complimented them on their efficiency in singing, remarking that their clear voices indicated the wholesomeness of the place where they were living. He caretuUy inspected their copy books and exercises, and expressed himself well pleased with what he had seen. He con gratulated them on the good report he had heard of them from the dean, on their regular . attendance at school, on their progressin learn ing, and hoped the day was not far distant when he would come among them again to lay the foundation-stone of a new school. In the afternoon the bishop, accompanied by the dean, paid a visit to the hospital. He went through all the wards, conversing individually with each of the patients, ex pressing his sympathy with them and impart ing consolation by the kindness and tenderness of his words. Whenaboutto leave his lordship gave a written report, in which he spoke very favorably of the cleanness, neatness, order, and good management of the establishment, and said great praise was due to all those con nected with it. On Sunday, the 26th instant, he held the usual visitation and celebrated the early mass, at which a large number received Holy Communion. Ab 11 o'clock the bishop, robed in full pontificals, attended by Dean Nevin and Fathers Doyle and O'Donnell, pre ceded by the altar boys, made his entrance into the sanctuary. The bishop being seated on the throne prepared for the occasion, Father O'Donnell celebrated mass, 'CoraniEpissopo.' At the end of the first gospel his lordship ascended the altar, and having read the epistle and gospel for the ninth Sunday after Pentecost, delivered one of those eloquent and impressiva sermons for which he has obtained a distinguished name. It was indeed a dissourse that went to the hearts of all those who' were present, aud one that will be long remembered for tlie earnestness and freedom with which the ruling vices of the nineteenth century were so clearly described and severely condemned. At the end of the sermon the bishop briefly explained the ceremony of blessing the bell for All Saints' Church. He said it was tha custom of the church to bless all things, whether animate or inanimate, used in the service of God, making them subservient to Him who created them. Tlie children in tlie fiery furnace called upon ' all the works of the Lord, to bless the Lord, to praise and extol Him for ever;' and David tells us to ''praise Him with sound of trumpet, to praise Him with psaltery and harp, to praise Him with timbrels and choir, with strings and organs, and with high-sounding cym bals.' — Psalm 150. Thus would this bell he was going to bless be used as an instru ment to praise and bless God. Its sweet tones morning, noon, and night would remind them of the heavenly message of peace which the Archangel Gabriel brought from the throne of God to the humble cottage of the spotless virgin of Nazareth when it was announced to her that she was to become mother of the ''Word made iiesli.' It would call th»:n to assist at the holy sicritice of the :n;'os in which ?Jesus- Christ is ijtferMi as a victim f- his heavenly Father for the living and the dead. It would warn them of . the death of any mem ber of the congregation when its muffled tones would peal forth- in accents of grief that another had departed this life, and would remind them, too, that they must at some future time pasa away like the sound it gave forth. The ceremony of blessing then com menced, the bishop and priests chant ing alternately the psalms presented. Then came the washing and anoint ing of the bell, and the perfuming thereof by the burning of thyme, frankincense, and myrrh. The ceremony being over, the biehop tolled the bell forthe first time, reciting the ' Angelus,' in which he was joined by the congregation. The bell was made at the cele brated foundry of Mr. Murphy, Dublin, and was purchased at a cost of nearly £100. It bears the emblems of the harp aud shamrock, and the inscription 'Sancta Maria et omnes Sancti intercedant pro nobis' — Mary, holy Mary, and all the saints pray for us. Its weight is 12i cwt., its diameter is 3 feet 4 inches in the 'widest part, and its tone is in G natural. Its elevated position and its closeness to the waters of Spencer's Gulf wDl convey its sound to a con siderable distance, which will be greatly appreciated by the inhabitants of the port and the neighboring settlements. At 3 o'clock the candidates for con firmation, numbering fifty-four, assembled in tiie church. The rosary was recited as a preparation for the Holy Sacrament they were about to receive. The bishop then gave the usual instructions and rigorously examined them_ in Christian doctrine. The answering wae indeed very creditable to the children and to the good sisters who took so much pains to instruct them. Immediately before confirmation the choir beautifully rendered the hymn — 'Come, Holy Ghost, send down those beams,' at the end of which the bishop administered the Sacrament. This being done, he spoke, forcibly against the pre vailing sin of drunkenness, and asked those confirmed if they were willing to become mem bers of the ' League of the Cross.' All having answered in the affirmative, the bishop pro nounced the form of words, which they all re peated, promising total abstinence from all in toxicatingdrinkuntiltheycoinpletetheirtwenty- first year. At 7 o'clock the bishop attended as heretofore described, gave vespers, and blessed a new and beautiful statue of the blessed virgin and child. Father O'Donnell then ascended the altar, and preached a sermon appropriate to the occasion. The bishop having given benediction, all re turned to tne vestry. Thus ended the religious services of the day, and thus was brought to a close the .bishop's visitation of the northern portion of his vast diocese. His lord ship's tour through the north was one of great success, far exceeding his own expectations and those in whose care the district is placed. He left with the best wishesof all his people ou Monday, 27th inst., and went to Terowie to give confirmation there on the following niorn 