MR. JOHN WATSON BEFORE THE BULIMBA RATEPAYERS. LAST night Mr. John Watson addressed the ratepayers of No. 1 subdivision of Bulimba at the smelting works, near Bulimba Ferry. Mr. M'Mah was elected chairman of the meeting, which was very largely attended, nearly 100 persons being present. The CHAIRMAN, in opening the proceedings, after reading the advertisement calling the meeting, said that, sooner than that Mr. Watson should be deprived of an opportunity of giving an explanation to the ratepayers, he had consented to take the chair. There was no necessity for his craving their indulgence on Mr. Watson's behalf, for the ratepayers of Bulimba were always willing to give anyone a fair hearing. Mr. WATSON, who was accorded a very hearty reception, said the last time he addressed the ratepayers little more than a fortnight ago he gave them particulars as to that portion of No. 1 subdivision of Bulimba which it was proposed should be created into ashore. To-night he would give them some figures with regard to No 1 subdivision. The rates collected in 1884 amounted to £413, and the endowment on that was £826, making a total, so far as No. 1 subdivision was concerned, of £1239. The interest on the Government loan was £149 ; Watkin's case, £341 and interest on a special loan, £16; total for the whole three subdivisions, £506 ; No. I subdivisions share, one-third, or £169. Deducting No. 1 division's share of the loan from the amount he had named, £1239, a balance of £1070 was left for last year's improvements on the roads. The amount spent on the roads of No. 1 subdivision was £1320, so that No. 1 had overdrawn to the time of £250 the difference between £1070 and £1320. When he took the chair last year there was an overdraft of £421. It was not a very pleasant duty to go into office with that amount owing. Nevertheless, he would not shirk a task when once he had undertaken it. When he left the chair there was to the board's credit the sum of £1287. At the last general meeting the chairman had to got an overdraft of £240, and as the rate notices were only now being sent out it would take sixty days before the board could expect even a portion of rates to be paid. This would bring the overdraft up to £720 by that time. The amount spent since the present chairman came into office, including the overdrafts required, would be £380 per month. He felt obliged to table a motion, which was carried, to curtail the expenses to £100 per month until they got in their rates, as he did not wish to sit on the board and see the ratepayers' money frittered away by paying 9 per cent for overdrafts. Mr. Thorne brought forward a motion, which was carried, that the members of No. 3 Subdivision should be their own Improvement Committee, in the month of October, last year. He (Mr. Watson) strongly opposed it on the grounds, first, that there was already an Improvement Committee, and secondly, that it was sure to lead to partiality. Mr. Thorne explained how well it worked in the Woolloongabba Division, and argued that the members of No. 3 Division had a perfect right to spend their own divisional moneys. He (Mr. Watson) failed to BOO any advantage to be derived from the proposal. Turning to the question of the Creek-road, he said it was commenced in September. The Improvement Committee and himself agreed to visit the locality and see for themselves what was required. They found it in a very bad state, so much so that it was almost impossible for the settlers to get out even with an empty dray. A very large culvert, and a considerable amount of formation was required. He agreed then to send a gang of men to improve it, and this was done, Soon after Messrs. Thorne and Wecker stated that the settlers there had agreed some to give money, others labour, some a horse and cart, and some to haul timber. He instructed the clerk to make out vouchers to pay the persons who did the work. If the clerk had done so this affair would have had a different appearance. It was all very well for Mr. Thorne to say at his meeting on Monday evening last that he (Mr. Watson) often remarked it was a pity they could not get the endowment on these moneys. He (Mr. Watson) never said such a thing. Mr. Thorne was always saying other boards were doing it, and why not they do it, so he (Mr. Watson) made up his mind to wait on Mr. Buckland, he being their member and chairman of a divisional board. Mr. Buckland told him that they were perfectly justified in claiming endow- ment on special contributions. He might at the same have told him to assess again. But whatever Mr. Buckland told him he informed the board, as well as the clerk. With regard to this voucher, he had signed it, thinking it was for this work, and in doing so he allowed himself to be hoodwinked. He signed the voucher for what? For No. 3 subdivision. He was perfectly, sure it would come home to the right party yet. The first time he knew of this bogus voucher was by reading of it in the Courier. They might imagine his surprise when he saw that he had signed this voucher. One remarkable fact was, that he was kept from attending the deputation that waited on the Colonial Treasurer. Mr. Thorne told him he had sent the clerk to inform him of it. The clerk called on his (Mr. Watson's) son. The proper way would have been to have sent urgent notices to each member the board, and if they did not think fit to attend to the matter, let them bear the brunt of it. Last year there were twenty-four meetings, including special meetings. He did not miss one of them, and he spent about twenty-seven days inspecting each of the divisions. Shortly after he took the chair he had numerous letters sent him about the dangerous state of the Richmond bridge. The whole board went to examine it. They found it almost tumbling down. A resolution was passed that he (Mr. Watson) should wait on Mr. Buckland. He did so, and Air. Buckland did his best for the board, and got the bridge repaired, This relieved his mind very much, as he did not want any accident, the division having had to pay the piper before. He was instructed to convey to Mr Buckland the thanks of the whole board. At the last meeting of the ratepayers, held in the Presbyterian Church, Mr. M'Mah spoke about the cutting down of Galloway's Hill. He would now explain this matter clearly. It was in 1881 that No. 1 division borrowed from No. 2 £400 to cut down the hills in No. 1 division. [A Voice : " It was voted, not borrowed."] Very well, it was voted to cut down these hills. One was Galloway's Hill, another was the bill in front of Mr. Weedon's, another was the hill opposite Mr. Kelly's, and another was near the Freezing Works. He was never more struck in his life than when Mr. Gib- son brought forward a motion at the beginning of the year that No. 1 should pay back to No. 2 the money that was borrowed. The motion was carried, Mr. Ullman, Mr. Thorne, and himself voting against it. He asked Mr. Wilde why he should vote against his own division, but he did not now recollect his answer. Of course Mr. Wilde's interest was in No. 2 subdivision, and this would show the interest No. 1 took in allowing gentleman who had no stake in the district to become members of the board. The fact was No. 1 subdivision had always to go a-begging for members. This brought him to the question of the ferry. He brought forward a motion (seeing that No. 1 subdivision had lost the previous motion that the rents of the ferry should go to No. 1. Before leaving the chair, he (Mr. Watson) did his best to get the ferry question settled. There were tenders called for it, and one tender was accepted. That tenderer gave up, and the result was that Mr. Midlands tender was accepted. A few days afterwards be saw Mr. Wilson, who said he was confident that if the : Bulimba Ferry was properly managed his pro- I party would advance. He (Mr. Watson) asked him if he would be prepared to reduce the rates of the ferry one-half for passengers, horses, and carts, and Mr. Wilson replied that he would be prepared to do so. He (Mr. Watson) promised to do the best he could in the matter. Three members of the board waited upon Mr Wilson, and they came to terms. The terms were that Mr. Wilson should enter into a seven years' lease of the ferryman rental of £10 per the first year, gradually raising the scale up to £20. Mr. Wilson agreed to put a punt and two barges on the ferry. Some difficulty subsequently arose, and Mr. Wilson now said he was prepared to take the ferry upon the Booroodabin Divisional Board, and the Government giving him authority to do so. Mr. Wilson distinctly stated to him that he had not the power to lease the ferry, unless authority was given by the Government. He was sorry to see that at the last meeting of the board Mr. Merry and Mrs. Coxen had written to the board asking abattoir subscriptions for the carrying out of the much talked of drain should be returned. The work was decided to be done, The drain had cost the divisional board a great deal of time, and the board had spent £3 3s. in payment of a surveyor. The clerk was instructed to accept the lowest tender sent in by one of their local men. The work was to be done forthwith. [Mr. Merry a " You were a long time about it."] They might have been a long time because they had many difficulties to contend with, and many objections to surmount, Mr. Thorne was very jubilant when the rates of No. 3 subdivision became equal to those of No. 1\. This was something which he (Mr. Watson) could not understand. He asked the clerk if it was so, and he answered "Yes.". Still he had grave doubts about the matter, and in a private conversation with Mr. Gibson, he said he thought the clerk was favouring No. 3 subdivision somehow or other. Some time after Mr. Gibson asked him if he had looked over the books to see if they were correct. He replied that he had not the time and the instant he saw the Courier re this bogus voucher the whole thing appeared to him like a flash of lightning. This affair had done a great deal of good, but particularly in Bulimba, and he was pleased to see it for it has brought out a shining light to guide them for the future. In conclusion, he said he was a resident of twenty-one years' standing in Bulimba. His interest was in Bulimba, and he had always striven to forward the interests of Bulimba. He asked them if they thought it would be just to condemn a man because he had unwittingly signed a voucher ? How many heads of departments signed vouchers without asking any questions doing it on the good faith of their subordinates ? He would like to mention that in the latter part of 1882, a gentleman gave the Bulimba Divisional Board £3 as a contribution to got a piece of road done in Subdivision No. 2 This was entered in the rate-book. Now Mr. Merry was on the Finance Committee when the endowment was got on it. He did not believe Mr. Merry know of it, although some people would say he ought to have known of it Mr. MERRY : Be careful what you say. Don't make such reckless statements as Mr, Thorne did on Monday night ; or, like him, you may find there contradicted in the Courier of the next day. Mr. WATSON : I have got the books to prove what I say. (Hear, hear, and slight confusion.) Mr. MERRY : You admit that you know very little about the books. Mr. WATSON : You have only to go to the books to prove it. Mr. MERRY : I never signed anything I did not read. (Hear, hear and laughter.) Mr. WATSON said he had been asked whether he did not think it was time to get a constable and a lock-up for this part of the district. Mr. MERRY : We want them badly. Mr. WATSON said he could not agree with that remark. The Bulimba boys might be a little frolicsome, and no doubt they carried his gates away on hogmanay night -(laughter)-but he thought they were as good as the lads in any of the suburbs. He wished to say, however, that they had a good many philanthropists in this division, and he wished to intimate before sitting down that he was willing to give £100 towards providing a School of Arts on that side of the river. They might be able to benefit their youth thereby. He would say further, that if Mr. Merry and Air. M'Mah would each give £100 for the same object, he (Mr. Watson) would double his subscription to £200. (Cheers). At the close of Mr. Watson's address Mr. MERRY asked a number of questions relating to Mr Watson's duty as chairman and his connection with the bogus voucher. To these Mr. Watson replied that the fact of his having made so many attendances and sacrificed so much time for the public business showed that he had done his duty by the ratepayers. The clerk admitted that he had given no instructions as to the preparation of the voucher, and he had already said he had signed it unwittingly not knowing what it was for Mr. MERRY, after remarking that he would like to know which of the amiable and innocent gentleman who were members of the Board were really to blame for the transactions which had been brought to light, proceeded to refer to the drain to which allusion had been made by Mr. Watson. The reason he and Mrs. Coxen withdrew their contributions for the drain was a fear that after what had come to light the Bulimba Board might defraud the Treasury by charging endowment upon it twice over. Moreover, his patience was exhausted on account of the board having allowed the matter to remain in abeyance for six months. Mr. UHLMANN, in the course of a few remarks in defence of Mr. Watson and the other members of the board, said the Finance Committee and the chairman passed the voucher about which the trouble had arisen and he took it for granted that they were straightforward, honest men. How that voucher came to be passed he did not know, and it appeared that nobody know. [Mr. Morry "It must have been a a ghost."] Mr. Merry was very smart to-night. He could tell the meeting something about Mr. Merry's former transactions. He was the only man who had endeavoured to got the rubbish removed from his door at the public expense. The meeting concluded with votes of thanks to the chairman for presiding, and to Mr. Higgins, manager of the smelting works, for allowing the ratepayers the use of the building. 