Tough Yarns about Wood Rats. "I DON,T know whether people out in Colorado are bothered yet with what we used to call wood rats," said a former resident of that state, "but a few years ago, when I first went out there, they kept us in a perpetual stew. The wood rat is a natural-born irreclaimable thief. What he steals for no one had ever found out while I was there, for he don't crib things to eat, and he distributes His booty ( about the country without any regard to his Jersonal benefit. When he steals something rom one spot he will put in ita place some article he has filched from another. I re member once I was building a shanty out in Pueblo, and had a keg of nails sent in from Denver. Work had been at a standstill for a day or so for want of them. I knocked the head out, and left them in the shanty over night. Next morning there wasn't a nail in the keg, but in thoir place was a miscellaneous collection of articles, consisting of table knives, spoons, a tin saucer, several stones, a number of chips, a buckskin glove, and, worst of all, a set of false teeth. We knew at once fhat the mischievous rats had been at work, and I set out to see if I could gather up at least a portion of my nails about the neighbourhood. I found a man who had lost a spoon and had found a pile of nails in his kit. The owner of the buckskin glovo had not been remunerated for his loss with nails, but some one's woollen sock lay in its place. By and by the whole community was out look ing up missing things and dumping nails at my shanty. I got back about half of them, and the articles that had been left in their place were all restored to their owners except the false teeth. No ono in the whole neighbour hood had lost any teeth. The finding of the teeth came to be the talk of the country, and in a few weeks a judge over in a town twenty miles away sent a man over to look at them, as he thought they might bo a set of teeth of hia that had mysteriously disappeared, stating that they had been taken from a tumbler of water, in which they had been placed over night, and that a dead bird had been left in their stead. The teeth proved to be the judge's. These rats must have had a high old time witb the judge's teeth before they reached my place and dumped them in the nail keg. " It used to be a favourite pastime with the wood rats to carry all sorts of refuse and garbage into houses and scatter it about. I nave waked up more than once to find aome moist and sweet-smelling morsel from the swill tub lying across tuy face, or a number of them piled on the bed covers. This peculiarity of the wood rat naturally led to constant annoy ances and misunderstandings, and newcomers into the region—unacquainted with the ways of the animal—were frequently mystified and sometimes frightened by occurrences. An Irish f'unily once came to the neighbourhood, where they had purchased a little property. They had not been there a week before the wood rats paid them a visit. Denny Ryan, the head of the family, placed his pipe on the table as ujual ou Koing to bed one night. When he a**osc in the morning his pipe was gone, and h ing where he had left it was a tallow candle. I'cnny had no such a thing as a tallow candle in his hnu3i', and no one in the house had touched the pipe This aroused his superstitious n ltui'c. He related the circumstances with n.ttch awe to some acquaintances, who, seeing gome probable fun in store for them, did not inform him as to the cause of the mystery. One morning, a few daya later, Denny found his lost pipe in his boot, and the sock he had left there when he went to bed was gone. Denny declared that there were ghosts in his house. He was thoroughly frightenod, and wanted to sell his property. "A number of Eastern men had got possession of some land next to Denny's, and his holding, they believed, would in time be highly valuable to them. Unknown to any of Denny's acquaintances they made him an offer for hia property. It was less than he had paid, and in spite of hia superstitious fear about his house he declined to take it. A day or two after that, Denny found hia stove half full of potatoes, not one of which had been in the house before, and the kindling wood he had placed in the stove the night before was piled on s table in tbe sitting-room. Without waiting to entirely dreas himself, he hurried to the partiea who wanted to buy hia property and closed and clinched the transaction at once. When his friends, who had been keeping Denny in ignorance of the ways of the wood rat for the joke of tho thing, heard of what he bad been induced to do by the sharpers, thoy attempted to force them to cancel the sale; but, as everything they had done was regular, they refused to do it. Denny's friends, however, chipped in and made np quite a sum of money for him. If the wood rats hadn't bothered Denny he would have been a rich man in a year or so, for his property became worth thousands of dollars. "The wood rat is about the size of our common house rat, with a tail nine inches long. It is gray on the back and white on the belly. There's deviltry enough in 'em to fill a woodchuck. You seldom see one of them, plenty as they are, for they loy low in the day time, and won't come fooling around at night if there is any one stirring about the house." — Nero York Sun. 