"We cacnot say whether "Aiexaudrina " Victoria, commonly known as Victoria, " Queen of Great Britain and Ireland, De- " fender of the Faith, and Empress of " India," will shake in her shoes in her luxurious location in the lower ol London when she learns that the Lafayette Kettles and General Chokes of the Australasian Secular Association have excised her name from tho after dinner toast list of that sanguinary body o: republicans : but, in all seriousness, it is really not easy to see how the republican seutimeut can tire the souls of even the humblest com pany of Englishmen to such a pitch of animosity against the institutions ot their country. For what after all is the Eng lish Government but an hereditary repub lic, and what is the Queen but the heredi tary president ? The Cabinet advises her, j and she is bound to take the advice of the j Cabinet ; and if the Cabinet is ouly main- | tained iu office by public opinion, what is she but a puppet in the hands of the publici? Personally, she lives under a perpetual and unrelenting state of tute lage. She cannot choose her own Minis ters, and she cannot dismiss them except when Parliament directs. Patronage she has none, for though she must at tach her signature to every appointment she can make none. Sir Robert Peel compelled her to dismiss the ladies of her bed chamber, and the country insisted that she should take Mr. Gladstone to her council, in spite of her avowed dislike to him. Nominally the head of the army, she has no voice in either peace or war, and not long ago it was decided, once for all, that the Commander- in-Chief, who is her clUr ego at the Horse Guards, is an officer under the Secretary of State, and nothing more. The Church has always been a stout ally of the Crown, but though she nominates the Bishops and invites the Holy Ghost to approve of the nomination, it is notorious tnat more than one Bishop has been elected against her inclination, while Disraeli flatly refused to elevate fcer favorite prelate, Vfilberforce. to the See of London in spite of her wishes. If she writes a letter to a Crowned Head, she cannot send it without first showing it to the Foreigu Secretary, to whom she must . tlso submit the reply ; and she cannot leave the country or accept an invitation abroad without first consulting fcer Cabinet. Neither is her office a sinecure. Lord John Euss : U, writing to Lord Paimerston in 1S4S, said that 3S.000 des patches had passed through his hands during tho twelve months, every one of TY»»I 'sv-vr.inrrn clu-mln Yw cr\rr_ nisant of ; and not a debate of importance comes off in the House of Commons but what the Premier or Chancellor oi the Exchequer has to wire her the details over night for her information. Nor is i her life free from danger as well as drudgery. She is the mark for every fanatic that has matriculated in a repub lican club, and in fact she has been shot at four or five times on strictly anti-monarchical principles. No wonder we find her writing to her uncle, the King of the Belgians, that "we " women ought not to govern ; it needs " so many masculine qualities. " In point of fact is is untrue to say tha: the Queen governs a: alL She is the risible symbol of government in the j constitution and nothing more. Her j tenure of the throne is less secure than i that o: the President of the United States, 1 and if Sir Charles Diike's motion for abolishing the monarchy iu 1874 had been carried, in forty-eight hours she would have been the simple Aiexaudrina Victoria the fine spirits of the Austral asian Secular Association would have her to be. "Whether the machinery of government would work any the smoother for putting a president in her place is a very debateable question, even with men who pro fess to be wielded by republican in stincts. Grote, who was an extreme radi cal for the greater part of his life, formally retracted the opinions he once held in favor of the republican experiment before he closed it ; and John Bright, when point edly asked to throw the weight- of his name and authority iu the republi can scale, replied, " I hope and " believe it will be a long time before " we are called on to give an opinion. " Our ancestors decided the matter a good "while since, and I would suggest that " we should leave any further decision to "posterity;" and subsequently, in the course of a conversation with the Prince of Wales at Marlborough House, he is reported to have said, "There is no more " reason to trouble oneself about the fall " of the dynasty at present titan to " think about the failinsr of the " coal mines in Great Britain." That he expressed the popular sentiment in this dictum we do not think anybody can doubt who looks beyond the limited horizon of the Australasian Secularist As sociation. The English monarchy is un- assailed amid the revolutionary projects of the age, because it opposes no resistance to democratic institutions, but, ou the contrary, blends with them, and helps them to work with as little fric tion and loss of power as possible. A Kossuth or a Mazzini would find their oc cupation gone iu the home of English freedom. If they wanted to strike at the real sovereign of the country, they must select the Prime Minister of the day. The chief risk that threatens the Crowu is that without an aristocracy it cannot stand on its own bottom, and that if the House of Lords goes it must go with it. But even then the revolution will be a social rather than a political one ; and it can the Sovereign he retained under the style of an hereditary President. In the Radical programme at the ap proaching English elections, which we- publis'n in another column, the only reflec tion on Royalty is its cost io the country, but the cost has nothing to do with the monarchical principle. An hereditary president may be made as inexpensive ! as an elective one, and still draw the best minds of the day iuio political life. In America the opera tion of the elective principle has been to repel them by vulgarising politics. Who goes to the American Congress to look for an exemplar either of oratory or of statesmanship of the first class ? On the other hand who expects to find any jobbery and corruption in the Eng lish House of Commons ? What would be the feelings of an average father who should find that his sons, for whose education he was paying liberally, were only attending school five days in nine on an average ; and that their attend ance was forthe most Dart reculatcd bvthcir own personal inclinations ; the studious I going seven or eight days in nine, and the j lazy one or two ? Would he be satisfied I by being told that after all the subjects taught in school could easily be mastered in half the time given to them ; and that j soouer or later his children all passed through the mill ? Would he not rather be inclined to think that if the results attained could be attained in half the time, his children had better attend regu- ; larlv and get through their course in five years instead of ten ? The case of the supposed father is precisely that | of the Victorian State. We are spending more than £600,000 a year on education, and the result is an average attendance of 54 per cent, on the gross enrolment- and 64 per cent, on the net enrolment, neitner en- j roiment representing the number of elfil- dren of school age by a great many thou sand. W e have no wish to make mat- J ters on; worse than they really are. j When we find the gross enrolment | less by 0000 than it was in 1SS1, and the 1 average attendance less by nearly 1000 than the figures of the same year showed it to be. though the childfen of school age must have increased by at least 12,000 in that period, we do not .hastily conclude that education is going back. There may I have been an increase in the number of denominational schools, and it may be that as tnore children are being passed through the standards year by year, the proportion that remains to be taught I is smaller. Still we have a right to judge I the department by its own figures. Its net enrolments undoubtedly show those who need to be taught and are willing to be taught. They do not include truants, children taught at home or chil dren taught in private institution a There fore, all we can at present say is that of the trilling children about 3 in 4 are attending properly, and that tho outsiders, those who do not come at all, or whose infre quent attendances are reckoned to the good of the regular scholars, are roughly as oo,Uw sgainsv iio,uw. x/eaacuiig from the 83,000, the 17,000 who go to private schools, and who we will assume, though we have no ground for doing so, tro regularly, and are well taught, the palpable deficit on the State school system is something like 7 in 21. The real deficit is of course much larger. No teacher will pretend that the statutory attendances are sufficient, or that a class can be properly trained, when a number of the scholars are constantly missing a day, a week, or a fortnight. Therefore when Mr. Gillies is made to say that the proportion of the population known to be under instruction is 224,364 or nearly 24 per cent., and that this result must be regarded as verv satisfactory, he is made to utter a state ment which his own figures disprove, and which is ridiculous. It is no satisfaction to any human being to know that we have got lists which the department declares to i be bogus, and reduees by more than j 30,000. It is even less satisfactory to be aware that more than a third have to be struck _ off the _ amended iists before we get a: tangible result a "When we do get at them they show us that the Victorian average is less than the German, less than the Scotch, and no greater than that cf England. Meanwhile we pay enormously more for what we get ; and have reached a point at which further economy is impossible, so long as the present statutory attendance of thirty days in the quarter is maintained. Almost the whole secret of our extrava gance lies in than We have no: been very wasteful over school buildings; we do cot spend much money upon superfluities like singing; and of late years we have been very parsimonious with our teachers, especially with our female teachers. Where we lavish money is in allowing parents to send their children as irregularly as they like, so long a3 they make up 30 attendances out of 55 or 60. The idea, whenour system was inaugurated, was that half the children might be kept for work in the house, while the other half were at lessons. The cases iu which that is required are so infrequent that they had much better be arranged for | by special permits from the Boards of Advice. As a rule, parents like their ( children to go to school together, so I that the elder may look after the younger, and the work of children between 5 and 9 is not very valuable. What really happens is that thousands of children re gard three days in the week as a legal holi day time. Of course we are aware, as we said at starting, that most children learn reading or writing before they go out to service. Our system is not so much a cause of ignorance as of irregular and desultory habits and of flagrant waste. It wastes in several way3. The child who might pass the standards at 11, if he went regularly to school, does not eret his certificate and cannot take employment till he is 14 or 15. That is a loss at 2s. a week on 60,000 children of £300,000 a year, without counting the mischief they are led into by truant habits. The teacher has to teach a smaller class, because at tendances are irregular, than he could manage if all came punctually, and the State has to provide teachers for all the children between 11 and 15, while only 20 per cent, of them would have failed to pass if they had worked j five days a week since they were 5 years old. It cannot be too much to assume that the waste in this way of a third or two-fifths of the school time re presents from 20 to 25 per cent, in salaries needed for additional teachers, or say, from£70,000to£90,000 a year. Can any one show a direction in which greater gain may be made by a single change? It remains only to ask if the reform be practical. The Boards of Advice increase from 30 to 35 in the statutory attendances. Such a change would he really greater than it seems, for it would dispose of the theory of keeping the chil dren in a family on half time. It may be too that it would be well to begin with a small reform, and accustom parents gradually to the longer attendances. Vfhat is needed is that something should be done at once. l''or years past Governments have been afraid to touch the Education Act for fear of provoking discussion. The consequence is that the faults seen in it have remained uncorrected for want of Parliamentary power to deal with them, aud the system is assailed for short comings that are not of its essence by denominationalistA The climax is reached I when we are told that a report, which may mean that ther.e is falling off, and cannot mean that there is improvement, is very I satisfactory ! The present report can be really satisfactory to no one but -to those who contend that we are spending a great deal of money on our schools without- pro portionate results. 