'Parliament of New South Wales. = LEGISLATIVE. ASSEMBLY. T:: TUisIDAy, SPTEIrmsna 17T1~0..s:," FROE OUR OWN REPORTER.) NEW iLEMBER1: In the Legislative-Assembly, Mr. Henson, the new memiili:IforiCtii?;d iarj, was ntro duced byiSir',i'Heury: Parkes,·aind Mr. I-anmisond,-snd toolkthis seat on the Oppo ~sition benches, amid loud cheers fromn the Oppiesitionimdbii.bers. THE 0CHAReI E AGIAhsT R,? aIELYVIILE. A pstition.from N. Melville was receive', requestiig tb':ei8 rprespenteld at a .Eomsitiee of inquiry lbyieuleIo l, iceleid of ii peison. A fornamumotion wesstl en gantin g bthe request, ; .: 6 tos ";:: THE: ADDaESS: IN R PBiY . ', L ;7' 8Mr Farinell iasuiiid th b debate. He said, before,.he :proceeded: to, answer.; the criticisms on the:,Land' ;Ac he feltit his duty to reply to certain ,emarks concerning him personally by Messro. Suttor and Ihose. Before they were made lh never heard of these tihatterss and/'never, heard of the letters'of his'son-in-l?v 'till theh: No one deprecated the writing of.letters more than himself. -It`,; s mos't; :inde·ent ri'nd' if those young gentlemen had been his greatest enemies they could not:have chosen a better means of injuring him. He had NO DEiENCE T'O IIAitNFOl Tut'ritiIltATEVEIR. Whether they did it innocently or not was unknown to him; but he could only say that neither of his eons-in-law, hisabrother, or 'anyone:elsk cbuld iifluence hliii 'ifi the discharge of his duty, and be had too much confidencein his ownrectitude to care what had been said. (Applause.). It was, however, a painful-hthieg for him, as it would cause a severance.in family ties. He could: onlysay ,.that he should not allow these genilemen to inter view him on public biusiness. With regard to tlhe case referred toby';D'r. Ross, it was one heard before a commissioner, and not befdre.a loeaI.dsr;d"''hid"e e:ilaiiieil'!that the depsrtment was at presents admuinister ing the Act o0f 18( its wellas that of 1884, as to conditicnal purebasesa?and that must be 'seivhile theibso were dxi;sting?igbtashind:i 'r the old law. 'The local boards.iyere. work ing aldmirabliiandi gi gii enehral shtisfae. tion.. There were sixteen gprincipal ,.local i;o'rdi;'thut 'i, there were sixteeni chair-. men, and they ,s eie foundt%- be ag et convenience. Le ddebiedthba the land law only cmune into operation in" Augustlast; it ha I bein i ope?' tiin ever s?ince Jau?a?',ry, l8g5, ;xcept'taoat no Iaundio.fi:e da wais I?o claimed, and hie'should .howtbat th pea: pdonment in' that 'es'pert, was'a'gdod .tbiogi The member fboi Bathust haldinmaderetfei, ehc '-to Mr.! OCumnmiing a' conditional' our'. chase inspectbor; thathe hid forfeit-di sleb! tions 'in order -fo) benefit 'hiis; broetr bit th-t'was absurd, lis the'inspector" iha no poiver to fbrfeit. ''l'lisee'eas~s wereiiot dealt withlby the Miiter bliehilnd the'baicks of'every bodyi therd was a regular roeninte tlirough which they passed. :Comiiaggfirilly to the operation of theAe't, vith al' the dvi" deuce !prourable he did unot elaiu?'fo~i' th. Land IBill thbat:it wa.ids ia efefedi ineasure? HEd -oBECTEDTO O1'NERiAL CO5DitMAivsON like tliah of the ni'iinbiei't'r ass. i Why Coiiiang toqth- c ifiiiisbraitie hbe itted thae "is 'iad thouht' hlafoiiu ld be eli :tbo' dfilde the' roils eirlibi,' bdt i was a giganti?, task to rcduce o401.e0and to O1600?and thoii divide tleti~' H!. wiTd~? -, ha took,.all:reopon.ihility. ,:Honff,".?b.' 'h'biidh o:oill se' that"ehi' 'ptii'a'i h' 'jslann ll6's's'-i's' da"eimoimotas tisk. I's The 'd p rt meidfljiini hin'ii'si luniioidhai ionnov thain ws ever at their comemaid Iftfire selection had been alloye'dto g'o 6hutsimiil-lti eoiialy wihti. lhe division odf runs, the result ouldid haive been 'endless confusorni ;ti?iofbore he contended thbathe4.de!y..in dividinig the runs. was necessary. There were still soiie un divided, :owing to: a survey being requisite, but only alout 25 of tbhem altogother. n,.' cHARbdN~kED I.ii soUTr?OR TO.r i RbVE HIS~ STATpghEMENT :.' as to frontpiges being giv.is to les-ees. In some tases it was necesary to.give these frontiges, but no special favoutrs had b'idin concieded. 'The princilsl, laid down was in the division of runs tb divide thafrontage where they could, and in' thie iesissmed ?rea to avoid alienatir .wahro thy could.. In uome cases th wlle of the t' frOiti'd wLas taken away from the run?.lgs GtEAT' DIFFICUrecl WASs EPIuIcENOISCD ]N rToE DvIa-SJON Os R..Ns. There were cases in; s hich .it was.tbought there were large areas ofa rown land, bit on investigation in so ne' cases thereivere not 100acres of Crown lInds;: A great portion of the lands suppodsd to be open for alienaliu were leaset:d as roads, &Ac.; As to reserves,' it-had b as aid th'rs were a la-ge number in the irEisumsd areas, which pr, vented the conditiontl lui'cha-ser from takirg up tho land. hNo doiubit there were considerable reseives in bobh lI'i..holdl and resrmiod areas, but tlhese rc srves were not all made- by {he. piesnt ad~ministra tion. They had been r served in lthe public interest for future 'use:. At the same time he might say it was his irnten'i-n to disposa of the reserves wherE they were not re quired in the public interest. (Applause) At to the 13,000,000 acres spoken of by the member for Yrss, they were required for railway and other purposes, such as timber. T.hey had to provide for railway extrn dsion, in order that people shoul I not acquire the land, and the tovernment had to re-purchaseit. As to timber reserves, it had been suggested that he had reserved land from sale in the interest of a cousin, MrI. Deblin, but .THERE WAS NOT A WORD OF TRUTHI IN IT. The department wore talking steps to have reports furnished in referesce to the re scvee, and it was intended to revoke reser veltion in particular cases, but great care ,?ould have' to be' taken,,as some of tie lend was 6f special-'value, and care would hLave to be taken to place ai special price upon it. Many of the reserves were made to provide for special ssttlement. With reg~rd to the 40 miles frontage referred to on the Lachlan River, the hon. member for Parkes, Mr. Stokes, did not tell the House that nekrly all the 40 miles of frontage was alienated; that portions here and there not ahenallooted on the same line were left open for the public to take up on conditional purohase. I tE CHALLENIGEID THE tON. OtENBER S to make a better division. Mr. M'Elhone: The .surveyors could make a bad division without the Minister knowingit.. Mr. Flet'cher: Yes,' bdri` 'thd e.Minister' would hai\eto t eo it on tioe:hap before he could give his signature. M AIr. Farnell cantinued:. These divisions were made by the 'bsc:a'id.most eflicient .dtlicers in the department. i A. voice: rWhet about reudgewaug. ! ?Mr. Farnell? :Well: what' abosut Gudge wang ?floes tlie-oh.nm ?iberb r think 'I can ecmember.every one of those 1600 and old runs ?,: They were d.vided and done with, but he ddied to say haht tlhe divisioh in tlhat case could be justified, as others (the lesseis) had ri say in the matter, and were heard. He denied that Mr. Loughnan had ever been to see him in connection with the division of a.run. He woulI not do such a ihing. De pire what was said he believed. nEMBnERS OF PAnnIAMENT WI~ E ASiiTON.ST' ASi s OTHtER pEOPE. 1i ithistwk ritirh~itr cerroip~tion was 'mere( roth. Tl?y never had a corruipt Govern nent in Lhit House. (Cries "Oh.") He did not think it wees corruption for a M1inister to appoint a friend to an offioe. WVhy should h, nott .:-:?. ir: 'Frdi c:nll tinued' .to' r.ply:. t con-. sid?eriblealhngtl' to :cri insrns of hon., mmin-. bets astod' the division of runs In refer esuce to a?u?iusion asked about church and school Ilnds, by ,Mr.;Baker, he pointed out that those lands were not now admuinistered by the ddpartmeit, but .hi agreed that soimething ouglit to be done in refeience to this church and school property. .AS TO ODUIYING IF TIIERE WAS ANT, theyrwould be able to ascertain it whien the local boards camine to deal with the' lana; and then those who had dummied wonild be pbinished, for. which, by the, wy, no; pi-': vision was made under the.law of 1861! ir. Garrett had endeavouied to show that he Land B 'll wculd give no revenute: He iould attempt to show that if they would not get any Jarge revenue- thdy could not' get less rent thanuuntder the Act of 1S61.i It had been' said they woulil get no rent.:for thelnext, year. But under any ciricumistaces' ihey would -et ]tbe old rent o; £2i0,000; anl if app as:, ment wtereande, they would get additional 'rent ,1ha boar ge:rllr-~ienrap~prccerdedl ten show'thrit evin rit tire rinii'urmithey wou!d I get a very nmuch me eased rvvenue for' 18d. In appraising, the rent- i the rpnus for the first time it\vould. bemhrs.ddiffieult than under the iold law, as they would have to go into mnmu, r,dnd learn fromn the mLaps what portions were,alieniated,.nd the ptar e fof therleasls s5 wtiol djhe:.tli d lia. c'f rithe Government to get ihe mo nish tfiient men possible for the appraiseinent of tie runs. It would bh necesaery toget all the tracings aroady sq as to be prepared art evry pointa to distinguish between the .le-seholdi and private.property: .? ? k t - ASri TOve THE, I NeO.C E the minimum rental of runs fr 1886 would be es-imated at, .544.000, and ailowing for a moderate- inaieee eupont hits' uni ftrerI appraisement, and the laud reeeiptlffti'rri various soutces of iitoeiie,! he estlrstod th? l'nd': reveiie of 188 1 oull reachhiif not exceed, taloe millions ur Droin, th'e diebate he had not heard anything definite eon cerninr the present"-Acc, liow rIreribere appeared to.mix up the failings of the law of 11Scy-ith the present Ac, IfH lss ,were taken up now, it was' bec.use th seaeel'ione were rebona-.fde. The pastoral lesees had no inducement to..dummy, now, as he rhsd former;ly, sai'd' cnditionalit (jiirchli~s' stere giving wivay to b;o;na.-ilrc settleri?- o"f'smll capital. As an example of the reckless aseertioni tha. we:e"made, he ref'rred to a pai agrtph, in . the 'Tamworthtbpepers. to the dl C'-t that ef-28'eaatr v'e lairil d lii'e~r~ fore the local t oard, the Minister di- agreed with all but toP, thuse overriding the Board-; but the fact 'was tihai?the 'Minister dts. agreed with only three bf all .the cases heard by the Board since its etbl ishment. Hediefended e provision for(survey lit ore seleCdtJn, ait"t gave a man better s:cuaty that he was not trenching upon reserves. If he )ilced he-could go on it t oFnce, but it would bh i;irt'o rviit triil hh b otr his certi ficate from the Board. SMr. Farnell- said be was willing to take1 IR1~~t@ :';'spifosibiitgeSEi~~.J h eBe3 il; ilit~ie :must6say he wou'd not under iki-:thie task of carrying another such bill throu,,h for anybf iagDa LV A I-l itT~ 'i(JLI \- At this stage the House adjourned for tea. " • " AFTER TeA,' . On resumirg, Mr. Farnell continued. i H said e ilie i6t'ught'iihe jvotild: ndfig'a~i accept" the' t'dsk hI'"ts ad ;hlid ticon-'c nection wilh the Land -Bill, 'pyet still he hoped to have an opportunity of conducting it into working order: . InI answer to statements m.lade' ib b IyMr. a'Elhone, he said that Mr. Croker was chairman, of a land?? board, and in consequence of wrongly charging for travelling expenses, and. -inducing his clerks to do thi same; hli' was suspended awl called upon to explain.. ,The, CiGvern ment in a merciful manner' gave hin'th?e position of Inspector of Coriitirnal Per chases. He did not: receive the money he charged for, and there was something t, be said in his case. Ho was not aware that he was , " ' CONNECTED WiTH ANY NOBLE F'tMILV. (Lraughter.) Certainly, no one had attempted to influence him (Parnell). As to culling Parliament together, it Was rather late, but they should 'remember, Ibetter late' than nevir. Considering the 13 dionths' se:s!or, the hard work of the Ministry, and the illness of the Premier, HE THOUGHT SUPPIIENcT EXkCUSE WAS TO HE FOUND; but. there really was ample timt to do business if members were inclined to do It. The country had been clamouring for the Local Government Bill, and perhapls the people would net like it when they got iK. (Laughter.) lowr'ever, it would be well to introduce the B 11, and affirm its principles, artnd leave the passin~g of it to a future House. The Public H-falrh Bill had heen prepared with great care, and it could be pass'ed with great eCie this session. There was a great deal in that Bill which hion. members would have to take on trust, and depend upon the brains rand practrical ex perience of other people to carry it ost. Saome people said THEY OUGHT To D015LvE TRHI HOUsE, But he knew of no precedent for a Govern ment dissolving with a majority at their back. It was also said that the Oppcsition was determined to obstruct the business;. Mr. ]3urns: No, no. Mr. Farnell: Dothey not say they will not grant supplies? Mr. BIuros: That is a different matter. Mr. Farnell : I fail to see it. Hiowever, if the Opposition were determined to ob. struct, tile Gocernment would have to do all they couldta carry the busiuesse through. If the Opposition were successful ii their oh-. struction, the responsibility rested with them. WITH RiOEOARD TO THlE .GOVERNOR'SS DES IPATCi, there was a preoedeoptfo?the aciticism on Sir lHery Parkes. and hisminoarityrefeired to in it. It was during a period when he (Mr. Farnell) belonged to .a third party in that House. It had best siid that the Government got into offiee: through vitupera'ion. ;HIe denied this.KTheyl got on fo treasury ' benchee throhgh principles laid down oli a land law which was now the law of the land. In conclusion he said a few months would enable' the people ti sayhiivither they still had confidence in tlo r'Government. He was not particulary anxious to remain a member of'the Godv'ernment, but would have to go to the country with his colleagues. He WAS NOT ,IIA?NG AN electioneering speech now, as he did not yet knlow what constituency he would go tor. (Laughter.) lut they could rest asiured that whatever party got into power' hie Would give them an honest support for the good of the country. (Applause.) Mr. Fletcher follorwed, and at the outset said he agreed with Mr. Farnell as to the undeeirability.'of 'Carrying on the debate in that. Hu6do by villifying one another. He could confidently say that he had never said a word of any member in that House which he could not say outside. He would never attempt to attack the private character of any man, but when hefound any man connected with dishonesty or improper conduct in connec tion with the public service, HE FELT IT HI1 DUTY 1TO EXPOSE,IT. - to the best .. of his ability. : (Ap lasuc). Turning to the matters mnore immediately engaging their attention during the debate, he said it had been argued that because the rlate Govern ment had enjoyed a long recess the Government were justified in calling Parlia ment together at this late time of the year ; but he would point out that the leader of the Ministry had taken similar action when he was in Opposition as the present Oppo sition were taking now; in fact the amend ment moved by Mr. Burns was word for word the same as the amend ment of Sir Alexander Stuart when the Parkes Ministry were in office. On bith sides of the House everyo e regretted the absence of Sir Alex. Stuart, and . yanpathised with the cause that brtielghtt it about; but they must nor over ]ookth'e fact that in the case of the Parkes 'Gov;irnien't that Parliamenthad l months toi:rlin, whereas now it had only three. (Hear, hear ) Hion. amembers would recol. loet that in November last the Colonial Secretary said' he only wanted a short session do deal with the Estimates, and the Patliament should he called together in ~Iuc&'' ' frsiaeksaI . PLEDGE VAS OrADE 1, THE UPPER HOUSE. In reading the ,Governor's address one' aould think that it was intended as a joke. Up to the IGth of December the Govern ment ?vruld have 18. dys with .which to deal ivih what were spoken of as two me~asures: of.? piimary .importance, 'one bf1thelabdlls alone containing 400 clauses. IXas it possile' to 'beieve the Govern meat were sinsere in gettii'g 'tihos~e words ir to the Gover nor's speech.:. (Applause.) The MIinister of Lands, one of the oldest Mini. ters os the Governmnent.benchcs, had ad-. mii'eLad t"at the' Lodel "Goverimiient Bill could not pass this session; and, with megard to the Health Bill, he had made the extrordinary sa'ateme-t that' the Housie wiould have to trust~tft'othe.s to carry it' into sffeet, and then go before their consti tu nts and admit they didn't know what thecy had done in the matter. (Applause.) ON TH'rE (QUESTION OF. ThE BOUDAN', ?M. Fletdbher said he had alrt ady exp esed hims If pretty clearly, and therefore would not detain the House thereanent at any length now; but he would at once enter his protest against the attempt which had l)een wade, and so far successfully, to ride rough-shod over the rights 'aud liberti.s of thepeople. (Applatide.)i He believed .that tnose waho took the places of the present nembers after tlhe next elections, whoever they might be, would hI. able to say' that hatever virtue there mightl have 'been n seading the :Contingeit awayJ; however noble and hlowers1 pattiotic it would have been no less patr otiat liad .the people been consulted throuuh the tririunal: f Parlia mont, instead of leaving it for ,Parli'inent to condone the act after tlhe money' had been spent and the mischief done..- (ap p1use. Undoubtedlythe. Plecljle should have been consulted before such a step was taken. TIE CaRY OF EIERGENC .WA8 ALL A SHAI, a farce, and a 1delisoni WVhy, when thl legality of the tramts reia?ilg nii the streets of Syd iey was called in qu-s:iuon, Pa' liaL .mgnetwoae ilead toe ther to ias dilega.la sing.'Act. :Sorely?, i n a, pa4lta'; mat~ter llkei lthat the Giosetument sair at to ha tihetr duty to consult representatirves f the p-op!o, it was ten tames- aes necessary -in connuetion with the Soudan affair, where A GREAT CCNSTITUTION ?R.IG a IW 8? V S - INVOLVED. ; Instead'of, that, however, the people and: the;r representatives had been eat at defi ance;,but- theoday iwould come,) and thaht, t.od ;erjrsh'drtly,wvlieo, niottwitbsiandin' tiill the flourishes or' trumpets on the subject, the voice of the people1vonld Ihe theard,;:and then it would be seein hi?w those members ivould be. received who had .voted. away their rihbtsj udklithhIy lihuckldd dovn to the powers that be. One of th1 tex's of the Governor's speech was very curious, and that ?aa .qs to the inerease of the military. for;ced. LIn This 'the Goveiirnment was fusurp ing the duty, and trenching upon the special' privileges of Parliament, inasmuch as. th.mntinmbdit of the. force was provided for ? iyAct of Parliament. (Hear, hear.) TiiAdi 'ftir 'tiiiae' the':onititUiion of the courit~S hi e b niiigencrdachd'd iprin, add TIEt RIGIHTIS OF THE PEOPLE RiEOKLESSLY iNOIED. ...... What was the cit of >ir Henry PaRkes in. purchasing a house for His Excellency when the latter was in ill-houllbh, compared to the gigantic bi cach of OCisatitutional law by the present' Miiiistry. (Cheers.) Anotherin stance of gross 'is4ation of the ConEtitu tion was where the Government 'offered troops for service in India. Even the metropolitan papers, who?tbuclc loyally to the overnmouent in regard tId the Soudan, could not follow them so far. The S. M. Het'rald said that ParFament should have' been consulted bcfare the second dffer w is made. That offer was accepted b~ the home Government.out of compliment, alPhough we wahted the men hero, pr thought ewe should want them, for our own. prowec tion in this colony. 'Was there to be no s'op to this audacious conduct on the part of the present Ministry. If the House were prepared to submit to such violations of our constitution, th.y must be prepared in future to have these Acts quoted is precedents when perhaps far .greater out rages might be attempted,' and he hoped that the IIause, or at least the country, would: show beyond a doubt that suich' encroachment upon the dearest ptrivileges, of 'a free. people:pwould not pa1s, withoat the severest condemnation; that, indeed, it should be demonstrated that no Government could act so with safety. (Applpise.) With iegaid to the temporary water supply to Sydney, HE STRONOLY CONDEINnD TIHI' ACTION OF TIIE MlNISTEIt FOR WORK8 in letting the contract to Hudson Bro.r. without competition. lie had no right to constitute himself judge of who should do the work. He (Mr. Fletcher) knew that there were many firms in the colony ready to compete for the work; nor would there have been tny serious delay. He ,would not further dilate upon this subject, nor speak on the unpleasant remarks that ;were tilling the air concerning the doings of the'present Ministry. It would be known perhaps soon enough. Coming to THE LAND nIiL, He was surprised that Mr. Farnell haId made such a lame attempt to defend him self against the charges of misadministra tion. Iteferring to the casse spoken of bj. the member for 3Moloun (Dr. Ross), the ex planatioun was ex remely unsatisfactory. He was not going to hold the Minister for Londs guilty for anything his two sons.in. law might have said or written, but Mr. Farmnll forgot to explain away the fact that the £50 whirn was given set his sons-in-]law in motion in the case reftrred to-and the selections were for feited. (Applause.) Nor was Dr. Ross' a'gplication to have the eases investigated enteltain'd; and it must be said that the actions of these two gentlemen had done much to destroy public confidence in the administration of the Department. (Cheers.) With regard to the Laud Bill; it was said that the new law was to give us larger levenue to prevent THE A(iGREGATION OF LAROE ESTATES, And settle a healthy yeomanryon the land; hbut how far, was this attained by the division of runs ? The tendency of the admmnistration of the 'Bill at least, had been directly opposite. (Applause.) He would take the case of Buarrawang, by way of example. There the lease was given 40 miles "f frontage, and it was said that when th. desaription first came down an oifficer of the department strongly advised that the division could not be accepted-the thing b':.iog so glaring--that was, giving the pastoral lease a frontage of 40 miles, and shutting.out the resumed area, where there ,was not a drop of water to be had. If this was the way the division of runs Was td be carried out, how wmere they to enc urage settlement upon the land ? The hen. gentleman next. referred to the iun of the member .for Mirrumbidgee, Mr. Loughbnan, on the Lach!lan river. He then exhibited an.imme'ise, plan, showing the iua had been divided, but he was not going to say the Minister drew this dividing line because'the hon. member sat behind hits; nor would he say thi hen. member suppcrted the 1Miiister hIcauise the latter so drew the linieJ 'but the fatt re ma'ned. (Liughteir "on' both 'sides of the: House.). ;'Andhvhiat was the effect of this divisibo:T?'- Why the' lessee had 20 mihs:of' river frontge, while the unfortunate settler, when he came there, had to go 22 miles to .the first- water hole. All the pick dfdlhe land waisincb?ded in the leasehold area, and the little strip round thlie- borders ,(here.-Mr. Fletcher drew att'ention to tlie p'an) was the portion that the Goveriinaeit haid ~resetrved foi' the pur pcses ofl settlemnent, and placing a healthy class of yeomanry on the land. (Laughter.) This was not a matter of mere hear snay,'bit a" fact. The heart of the od -i'an Wras taken as the leasehold, and that portion which was considered va'ldele's by' the 'Government in bygone days remaindd for' the public inheritance, ,(Laghter.and iappiause:) 'He .had only: ieferred to two runs, but there were doubt less many other examples, and A REATER PIECE OF VILLAINY AND had never been pe~~etrated ii tih historyj of this country. (Cheers.) If it was the otlfice!.s-of thedepartment who were guilty of this:jobbery; they ought to be dismissed at on e from the service. He would ask hion. mehsbers. sitting on 'the :opposite"iideI of the- House if they had to get one-half of this run and tbe original lessee the other, what would they say " 'Mir. Wright: Why, I wioul tfake tthe re sumed halt. Mr. Fletcher :WVhat !,You wouldtake the resumed area, 20 miles a?nw? from water f ain y sirt? .'-- :o ., .-:,,,- . Mr. Wright:.Tnere's plenty of wmnlterand the land is good. .id ..' Mr. Fletcher : Then whatshallbe, said of the appraiserl who alue thei'esid'ince area at'. .20 per 'annum and the' leasel~ild at £170. (Laudapplause: aid laughterI) As a matter of fact the whole thing wasi a frrce. "'he run had.no doubt been divided on the advi'ce o'f the 'iaoperly appointed ofhicers, bdit'the result of that advice .rias the rmbbing of tihe puHaic to benefit a m'ember of. this House. If a l?"w mor' of t'hese exposures we.re made the members of[that House would, i'e honestly believed, 1rise up .a'dihe 'ian a dead dea repudiationi ther than th.t "A raw sreN SHIOULD 'B asiaDB IC ' in;the cxpense'cf many. Cbecis)i) the. rensoos he had slated he shdildaifia.lit his duty to vote for the adfliddment:.It was :ti duftylof,th e Houne to o t tthe ?cbtltry. 'They onere Ioly. wasaug , tigt ?,e?speisily,? s"tha &bt; r aiee " as?sui'ed'-by ,th? M idtti,[f 'L'd? 'ttli?t ti'a'y ?!ould 'not'' deal witth61 Government measuilr in the time at their disposal. Then as to the estimates lid()ive'rnmtntS hod no right to expect that they would get supplies' 'for the,, following year. ihey had had ihree sets of estimates, aind had plenty ef money to,.carry on the public service iand if they'wanted, to do wh"tas riht they had ample time to dissolve Parl itent, go.roithecountry, and come back in tiine td 'pa~ss theEst~iidaf'es in the month of January. (Loud apolauss) That was the ddityi dofrhl iew .'Parliaii?hent. , It'ritk" more than probable that when thie people had a clhance of expressing their opini.ns in a piactical rivay anent the Soudan business a nd oth8ak itters tlihe new.~r Parliainent; ;wp-llhi not te so completely in the hands of the Government as to dto what the Government at present wanted this House to do. . . ' '. . . . : .. . . 'f ;,:, .1i . ';-..... 1 "vicTlg COVEaoIrNSlINT iron' n BROKEcsTsHW,'a! "ousT BOijas'N PsTsnEDGE - ~h and he believed Iad lot the confidence of .the public..._For all these 'reasons, he should have much pleasure in voting for the idmendmnnt. (Lond applause.) M"r. Slattery folowed, and defended the a ticn of tihe oovrdimenr in coni clion with tihe Soudan expi ditioh, which he maid was not only .a credit to the colony and all Australia, but had tile approval of the people. (Orieso " No," anndapplausefrom the t;omernmeut benches.) Hlie contenooded that the Iand Act of 18851 was a vast im. provoeient on the law of 1861, and if allowed a fair trial WOULD BE FOUND TO WORK ATDMIRABLY. He described the debate as a perfectly fruitless one, and therefore a waste of time: Charges wraui made in a most reckle'ss' fashton, without the ghost of a founda'ion not aII single act of corruption could be proved againet the present ( Government. These wholesale charcs were a disgrace to the institution ot Parliament. At the conclusion of Mr. Slattery's ad dress, Mr. Canmeron moved the aejour-n. mnoset of the debate, and the House then adjourned till tIhe usual hour on Friday. Jp efr WoiPE's Scrrieari to Brandy or Whiskey, 4It I a moro wholesiome spirit, ', ' o: P ?7; 