ZOOLOGICAL SOCIETY. \--*qr A meeting of tho committee of the Zoological Society of New South» Wales was held in the society's room, at Moore Park, yesterday afternoon. The president, Mr. A. T. Hol- royd, occupied the chair, and there wero present Messrs. W. Beaumont, S. "Vi. Frankland, J. Inglis, C. Mooro, and W» H. Catlett (secretary). The minutes of the previous meeting were lead and confirmed, and a number of accounts were passed for payment. Mr. Catlett then read . the following report, showing yvhat had taken place since tho last meeting:-"The secietary reports that the trout ova ordered by the society from the Salmon Commissioners of 1 asmanta for the New England Acclimatisation Society arrived in the steamer Southern Cioss, from Hobart, on the 27<h August, and were despatched the same night to Newcastle, under the charge of Mr. IC. C. Baines, of the Zoological Gajdens, yvho had the ova-box properly swung on board tho Namoi, steamer, to pi event any nasty jar to the eggs on the voyage; and st Newcastle Mr. Baines re- packed * tho box with snow, and had it pro- perly swung in the guard's van of the railway train yy-hlch yvas to take it to Armidale. On the 31st August the j secietary received a letter from Messrs. Alfied Godby and W. M. Hums, the hon. secretaries of tho Neyy England Acclimatisation Society, reporting the sate arrival of the case at Herbert Paik, where it now re-»t3 under the caro of Mr. G. W. Jenkins and his malinger, Mr. Kito. Messrs. I Godby and Hams furthor icport that tlio snow sent with I the case was sufficient to last the journey without touching the ice sent, and yvhen the caso was unpacked on Saturdny, the 29th August, tho boxes wero found to have been carefully packed, and on each bo\ was given the number of the ova contained therein, viz. : .5800 white ova trout, 1300 brown trout, and 700 pink-eyed salmon trout ; of theso the eyes of tho salmon» trout ¿va woie the most forward, tho eyes of the young fish hi ijg plainly visible in ninny cases, these pink ova gave I fen est opaque grains, and in three of the boxes the results wero very satisfactory ; in fact, it '.vas only in com- I parison with the other that it vv»is noticed. The number of good ova was estimated te be about 7000." On Hie 2nd of September Mr. George Gludings, of the Fisheries Commissioners'Department, brought ti ora Bal- larat (through tlio couitesy of the Mayor and corporation of that city) '¿00 young English "perch. Tkê*-e fish' were intended hy tho committee to havo been left ' at Young for Mr. E. H. K. Crawfoid, of Pinnacle station, Grenfell, but, from some unfortunate mis- understanding, yvere brought on by mistake to Sydnev. The asphalt works are finished, with the exception of the approaches to the bear-pit and elephant- stand and the cart entrances to the gardens. A substantial hay-shed has been erected in the back-yard, together with a meat-shed, storeroom, and cooking- room. In consequence of the spaced battened fence of the octagonal deer paddock/s obstructing the view of the animals, it has been removed, and a »substantial iron fenco cieeted in its place, which enables visitors to seo tbo animal» te advantage. The spaced battened railing will bo utilised in partitioning off the ostrich, emu, and cassowary paddocks, and tho fencing nill also act asa good breakwind or shelter to tho bit ds. The contractor for the bear pit steps has almost finished his vvork, but it has been thought advisable that the inner parapets should be guarded by iron railings, for fear of accidents on holidays. When these two flights of steps are finished they will not only be ornamental, but very convenient to visitors in getting from the higher to the lower terrace. The contractor for the committee-room and secretary's ofllce hopes to bo able lo finish his yiork in about a fortnight. During the past month £159 lös. 6d. was taken ut the gate. 6177 adults and 2432 children passed though the turnstiles, besides members and their friends, and 11)20 Public school children, with 63 teachers in charge. Saddles have been purchased for the pony Dot and the two donkeys, and a ride on theso animals is just now a great attraction to the children, and is a now source of revenue to the society. Advice has beon received through the Principal Under- secretary, Mr. Critchett Walker, that the lioness had been shipped in the eteuraer Gulf of Venice, and in consequence | instructions havo been given to Messrs. Sheerin and i Hennessv te preparo plans for new carnívora houses ; theso plans will bo laid before you this afternoon. Amongst tlte animals purchased last month the most noteworthy I aro a pair of Amboyna deer ; theso have been nloccd in a paddock alongside of tho red deer. I List of donors and their donations since last meeting : Five white rats, presented by Mr. J. Graham, Darlington; ona American squirrel, presented by Captain Ghost, Bltgh-street ; one native cat, presented Try Mr. J. Dawson, Bathurst-strcet ; two guinea pigs, presented by Mrs. Williams, Glebe Pomt; one white rat, piesented by Muster P. Ainsworth, Darlinghurst ; ono email tortoise, presented by Mr. Neill Thompson, Elizabeth-street ; two pairs Norwich canaries, presented by Mrs. Williams, Globo Point ; one porcupine, presented by Mr. E. C. Blomfield, Armidale ; one bundle sugar-cane, presented by Messrs. Gibbs, Bright, and Co.; one small tortoise, presented by Miss Totty Clowes, Paddington; tno black swans, presented, by the New South Wales Go- vernment ; one porcupine, presented by Mr. Adam Ayles ; two lizards, presented by Mr. J. Johnson, Sydney station ; one opossum, piesented by Master F. Marshall, Kandwiok ; ono kangaroo, presented by Mr. J. Gardiner, South Kingston; one dingo, presented by Mr. H. Bell, Cundletown; three Queensland doves, presented by Master G. H. Don- nelly, Randwick; ono cassowary, presented by Mr. J. Bums, of Messrs. Burns, Philp, and Co. ; one morepork, presented by Mr. Henry Archer, 44, Oxford-street. Ac quiied by purchase.-One tiger (Sumatra), one monkey, one carpet snake, tyy o gazelles, two peafowl, one laughing juckois, one black swim, one pair Amboyna deer, one pair golden pheasunts, one Australian cassowary." Tho superintendent's report was rqeeived and read, and after the transaction of some business of no unimportant character, the meeting adjourned. , 