CHAPTER IV. That a man of Carriston a rank, breeding, and refinement should meet his fate within the walls of a lonely farmhouse beyond the Trossachs seems incredible. One would scarcely expect to nnd among sucn bumble surroundings a wife suitable to a man of his stamp. And yet when I saw the woman who bad won him I neither wondered at the con quest nor did I blame him for weakness. I made the great discovery on the morning after my arrival. Eager to taste the fresh ness of the morning air. I rose betimes and went for a short strolL I returned, and whilst standing at the door of the house was positively startled by the beauty of a girl who passed me and entered as if she were a regular inhabitant of the place. Not a rosy Scotch lasBie, such as one would expect to find indigenous to the soil, but a slim, grace ful girl, with delicate classical features: a girl with a masB of knotted light hair, yet with the apparent anomaly, dark eyes, eye lashes, and eyebrows—a combination which, to my mind, makes a style of beauty rare, irresistible, and dangerous above all others. The features which filled the exquisite oval of her face were refined and faultless. Her complexion was pale, but its pallor in no way suggested anything save perfect health. To cut my enthusiastic description short, I may at once say it has never been my good fortune to cast my eyes on a lovelier creature than on this young girl. Although her dress was of the plainest and simplest description, no one coula have mis taken her for a servant; and much as I admire the bonny, healthy Scotch country lassies, 1 felt sure that mountain air had never reared a being of this ethereally beautiful type. As she passed me 1 raised my hat instinctively. She gracefully bent her golden head, ana bade me a quiet but unembarrassed " Good morning." My eyes followed her until she vanished at the end of the dark pas&age; which led to the back of the honse. Even during the brief glimpse I enjoyed of this fair unknown a strange idea occored to me. There was a remarkable likeness between her delicate features and those, scarcely less delicate, of Carriston. This resemblance may have added to the interest the girl's appear ance awoke in my mind. Anyway ,1 entered our Bitting-room and, a prey to curiosity and, perhaps, hunger, awaited with much im patience the appearance of CarriBtoa—and breakfast. The former arrived first. Generally speak ing he was afoot long before I was, but this morning we had reversed the usual order of things. As soon as I saw him I cried, " Carriston, tell me at once who is the lovely girl I met outside.—an angel with dark eyes and golden hair. Is she staying here like ourselves?" A look of pleasure flashed into his eyes—a look which pretty well told me everything. Nevertheless he answered as carelessly as if such lovely young women were as common to the mountain-side as rocks and brambles. " I expect yon mean Miss Rowan: a niece of our worthy landlady. She lives with her." " She cannot be Scotch with such a face and eyes." "Halfandhalf. Her farther was called an Englishman; but was, I believe, of French extraction. They say the name was originally Rohan." Carriston seemed to have made close enquiries as to Miss Rowan's parentage. "But what brings her here?" I asked. " She has nowhere else to go. Rowan was an artist. He married a sister of our host ess's, and bore her away from her nati ve laud. Some years ago she died, leaving this one daughter. Last year the father died, penni less, they tell me, so the. girl has since then lived with her only relative, her aunt." " Well," I said, " as yon seem to know all abont her, yon can introduce me by- and-by." "With the greatest pleasure, if Miss Rowan permits, stud Carriston. I was glad to hear him give the conditional promise with as much respect to the lady's wishes as if she had been a duchess. Then, with the liberty a close friend may take, I drew towards me a portfolio, full, 1 presumed, of sketches of surrounding scenery. To my surprise Carriston jumped up hastily and snatched it from me. "They are too had to look at/' he said. As I struggled to regain possession, sundry strings broke, and, lo and Behold! the floor was littered, not with delineations of rock, lake, and torrent, but with images of the fair young girl I had seen a few minutes before. Full face, profile, three-quarter face, five, even seven- eight face, all were there—each study perfectly executed by CarriBton's clever pencil. I threw myself into a chair and laughed aloud, whilst the young man, blushing and discomfited, quickly huddled the_ portraits between the covers, just as a genuine Scotch lassie bore in the plentiful and, to me, very welcome breakfaet. Carriston did favour me with his company during the whole of that day, but, in spite of my having come to Scotland to enjoy his society, that day, from easily guesBed reasons, was tne only one in which I had undisputed possession of my friend. Of conrse I bantered him a great deal on portfolio episode. He took it in good part, attempting little or no defence. Indeed, before night he had told me with all a boy's fervour how he had loved Madeline Rowan at first sight, how in the short space of time which had elapsed since that meeting he had wooed her and won her; how good and beautifnl she was; how he worshipped her; how happy he felt; how, when I went South he shohla accompany me, and, after making a few necessary arrangements, return at once to bear bis bride away. I could only listen to him and congratulate him. It was not my place to act tne elder, and advise him either for or against the marriage. Carriston had only himself _ to please, and if he made a rash step only him self to blame for the consequences. And why should I have dissuaded—I who in two days envied the boy's good fortune? I was a great deal of Madeline Rowan. How strange and out-of-place her name and face seemed amid our surroundings! If at first somewhat shy and retiring, she soon, if only for Carriston s sake, consented to look upon me as a friend, and talked to me freely and unreservedly. Then I found that her nature was as sweet as her face. Such a con quest did she make of me that, save for one chimerical reason, I should have felt quite certain that Carriston had chosen well, and would be happy in wedding the girl of his choice, heealesB of her humble position in the world and absence of befitting wealth. When once his wife, I felt sure that if he cared for her to win social success, her looks and hearing would ensure it, and from the great improvement which, as I have already said, I noticed in his health and spirits, I believed that his marriage would make his life longer, happier, and better. Now for my objection, which seems almost a laughable one. I objected on the score of j the extraordinary resemblance which, so far as a man may resemble a woman, existed between Charles CarriBton and Madeline Rowan. The more I saw them together, the more I was struck by it. A stranger might well have taktn them for twin brother and sister. The same delicate features, drawn in the same lines ; the same solt, dark, dreamy eyeB; even the same shaped heads. Comparing the two, it needed no phrenolo gist or physiognomist to tell you that where one excelled the other excelled; where one j failed the other was wanting. Now, conld I have selected a wife for my friend, I would have chosen one with habits and constitu tion entirely different from his own. She should have been a bright, bustling woman, with lots of energy and common sense—one who would have rattled him about and kept him going—not a lovely, dark-eyed, dreamy girl, who could for hours at a stretch make herself supremely happy if only sitting at her lover's feet and speaking no word, Yet they were a handsome couple, and never have I seen two people so utterly devoted to each other as those two seemed to be during those autumn days which I spent with them. I soon had a clear proof of the closeness of their mental resemblance. One evening Carriston, Madeline, and I were sitting out of doors, watching the grey mist deepening in the valley at our feet, Twc of the party were, of conrse, hand in hand, the third seated at a discreet distance—not so far away as to preclude conversation, but far enough off to be able to pretend that he saw and heard only what waa intended for hiB eyes and ears. How certain topics which I would have avoided discussing with Carriston were started I hardly remember. Probably some strange tale bad been passed down from wilder and even more solitary regions than ours—some ridiculous tale of Highland super stition, no doubt embellished and augmented I by each one who repeated it to his fellows. From her awed talk I soon found that Made line Rowan, perhaps by reason of the Scotch blood in her veins, was as firm a believer in things visionary and beyond Nature as ever Charles Carriston in his silliest moments could be. As soon as I could I stopped the talk, and the next day, finding the girl for a few minutes alone, told her plainly that sub jects of this kind Bhould be kept as far as possible from her future husband's thoughts. She promised obedience, with dreamy eyes which looked as far away and full of visions aB Carriston's. " By-the-by," I Baid, " has he ever spoken to you abouc seeing strange things?" " Yes ; he has hinted at it." " And you believe him " Of course I do—he told me so." Tnis was unanswerable. " A pretty pair they will make," I muttered, as Madeline slipped from me to welcome her lover, who was approaching. " They will see ghosts in every corner, and goblins behind every cur tain." Nevertheless, the young people bad no doubts about their coming bliss. Every . thing was going smoothly and pleasantly for { them. _ Carriston had at once spoken to Madeline's aunt, and obtained the old Scotchwoman's ready consent to their union. I was rather vexed at his still keeping to his absurd whim, and concealing hiB true name. He said he was afraid of alarming the aunt by telling her he was passing under an alias, whilst if he gave Madeline his true reason for so doing she would be miserable. More over, I found he had formed the romantic plan of marrying her without telling her in what an enviable position she would be placed, so far as wordly gear went. A kind of Lord of Burleigh surprise no doubt com mended itself to his imaginative brain. The last day of my holiday came. I bade a long and sad farewell to lake and mountain and, accompanied by Carriston, started for home. I did not see the parting proper be tween the young people—that was far too sacred a thing to be intruded upon—but even when that protracted affair was over, I waited many, many minutes whilst Carris ton stood band in hand with Madeline, com forting himself and her by reiterating, "Only six weeks—six short weeks! And then— J and then !" It was the girl who at last tore , herself away, and then Carriston mounted reluctantly by my side on the rough vehicle. From Edinburgh we travelled by the night train. The greater part of the way we had the compartment to ourselves. Carriston, as a lover will, talked of nothing but coming bliBB and his plans for the future. After a while I grew quite weary of the monotony of the subject, and at last dozed off. and for some little time slept. The shrill whistle which told ub a tunnel was at hand aroused me. My companion was sitting^ opposite to me, and as 1 glanced across at him my atten tion was arrested by the same strange intense look which I had on a previous occa sion at BettwB-y-Coed noticed in his eyes— the same fixed stare—the same obliviousness to all that was passing. Remembering hiB request, I shook him, somewhat roughly, back to his senses. He regarded me for a moment vacantly, then said, " How 1 have found out what was wanting to make the power I told you of complete. 1 could see her if 1 wished. " Of course you can see her—in your mind's eye. All lovers can do that." " If I tried I could see her bodily—know exactly what she is doing." He spoke with an air of complete conviction. " Then I hope, for the sake of modesty, you won't try. It is now nearly 3 o'clock. She ought to be in bed and asleep." I spolke lightly, thinking it better to try and laugh him out of his folly. He took no notice of my sorry joke. " Ho," be said quietly, "I am not going to try. But I know now what was wanting. Love—such love as mine—such love as hers—makes the connecting link, and enables sight or some other sense to cross over space and pass through every material obstacle." " Look here: Carriston," I said seriously, " you are talking as a madman talks. I don't want to frighten you, but I am bound both as a doctor and your sincere friend to tell you that unless you cure yourself of these ab surd delusions they will grow upon you, develop fresh forms, and you will probably end your days under restraint. Ask any doctor, he will tell you the same." " Doctors are a clever race," answered my strange young friend, " but they don't know everything." So saying he closed his eyes and appeared to sleep. We parted upon reaching London. Many kind words and wishes passed between us, and I gave him some more well-meant and, I believed, needed warnings. He was going down to see his uncle, the baronet. Then he had some matters to arrange with his lawyers, and above all had to select a re sidence for himself and his wife. He would no doubt be in London for a short time. If possible he would come and see me. Any way, be would write and let me know the exact date of his approaching marriage. If I could manage to come to it, so much the better. If not he would try, as they passed through town, to bring his bride to pay me a flying and friendly visit. He left me in the beBt of spirits, and I went back to my patients and worked hard to make up lost ground, and counteract whatever errors had been committed by my substitute. Some six weeks after wards—late at night— whilst I was deep in a new and clever treatise on zymotics, a man haggard, wild, unshorn, and unkempt, rushed past my startled servant, and entered the room in which I sat. He threw himself into a chair, and I was horrified to recognise in the in truder my clever and brilliant friend, Charles Carriston! 