RACING INTELLIGENCE. V.B.C. WINTER STEEPLECHASE MEETING. Saturday was the great day of the year for jumping horses at Flemington, and evidently thinneeting is every year becoming more firmly established in the favor of racegoers. Notwithstanding the rain of the previous night, and the still threatening appearance of the sky, the meeting was a great success, the attendance being more numerous than at any previous similar gathering. His Excellency the Governor and party were present. The programme opened with the Maiden Hurdle Race, which was won by the favorite, Hippogriff. In the Maiden Steeplechase, another favorite in Beticent won without trouble. The Grand National Hurdle Bace and Steeplechase, the I two important events of tbe day, followed. Sheet Anchor, who has performed well on the flat, was heavily backed for the first-named event, but The Agent, who carried the heaviest weight, won easily. For the Grand National Steeplechase, Morven was the favorite, but he fell during the race,.and Wymlet, the Becond of the Dowling Forest stable, won. The race was full of mishaps, as out of 14 starters only three horses finished, Croker, who came down in the Hurdle Race, sustained concussioi the brain, and was taken to the Melbourne Hospital. The Selling Hurdle Race was won by Student, and the Flat Race by The Ghost. Appended are the results :— MAIDEN HUBDLE BAOE, Of 5 SOTS, each, with 200 added. Second horse 25 BOVB. and the third 10 sovs. out of the stake. About two miles. Mr. E. G. Talbot's b o Hippogriff, 8 yrs, by Ablings—Hippona, 9st., carried dst. 31b. (Corrigan) Mr. Rhoden's Sea Breeze, 4 yrs, lOst. 21b. ... 2 Mr. Grippe's Duration, 4 yrs, 9st. 121b. ... 3 Other starters :—Coup d'Etat, Grattan, Echo, Oculist, Ace, Insolvent, Raven, Walhslla, Suncroft, Athenian, and Ebony. Time, 4min. 3sec. Oculist fell when holding a good position. MAIDEN STEEPLECHASE, Of 5 BO vs. each, with 200 added. Tbe second horse 25 sovs. and third 10 sovs. out of the stake. About two miles. Mr. G. H. Bead's br g Beticent, 4 yrs, by Silence, lOst. 71b. (Cbastoo) 1 Hon. W. Pearson's Lady Ashton, 6 yrs, list. 121b 2 Mr. S. Miller's Knlkyne, aged, list 111b. ... 3 Brown Eagle, Joe's Indian Queen II., Signal, and Biverton also ran, Joe's Indian Queen II. baulked at the first fence, but jumped when taken at it the second time. Afterwards she fenced so badly that she was pulled out before reaching the stand, having struck her bead against the stone wi.ll. Biverton also baulked later on and was laboring over the fences a long way in the rear. Going along the river track, Lady Ashton had a lead of about 20 lengths, Beticent, Kulkyne, and Signal having three-length gaps between them, while Brown Eagle waB a score of lengths behind the others. Bound by the back of the course Lady Ashton, jumping well, had still a long lead, and looked like keeping it, although Beticent rushed alongside Lady Ashton in a few strides, and led into the straight, the mare having tired away. Beticent came home in a canter, winning by 10 lengths from Lady Ashton, who in turn was six lengths in advance of Eulkyne. Time, Gmin. 2{sec. OBAUD NATIONAL HUBDLE BACE, Of 10 sovs, each, with 400 added. The second horse 50 sovs. and the third 25 sovs. out of the stake. About three miles. Mr. C. H. T. Hart's ch h The Agent, 6 yrs, by Slanderer, list. 61b. (Ferguson) 1 Mr. J. P. Laurie's br g Guardfish, 6 yrs, lOst. 81b. (Beauchamp) 2 Mr. W. Cox's b h Cockboat, 5 yrs, 9st. (Cox) 3 Other starters :—Huntsman, Sheet Anchor, Star, Student, Tattler, Omadhaun, and Tantaliser. Time, 6min. OJsec. GEAND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE, Of 15 60V6, each, with 500 added. The second horse 50 SOTS, and tbe third horse 25 sovs. out of tbe Btake. About three miles, Mr. M. Lougblin's b g Wymlet, 4 yrs, by EingTom—Ballet Girl, 10Bt.41b.(0orrigan) 1 Mr. G. Bussell's ch g Sailor, aged, 9st. 101b, (M'Leod) ... „ ..: ... 2 Mr. J. Cohen's bg Denmark, aged, 12st. 111b, (Kilduff) ... ._ .„ 2 Other starters:—Governor, Morven, Forrester, Moonlight, Granville, Progress, Native, Minerva, Mernder, Leo, and Triokett. RfAt tbe third jump Granville struck and came down. Up to the abattoirs the horses had jumped beautifully, and there was every prospect of a big field at the finish. Moonlight had baulked, but his rider sent him over and went after the field again. As they came towards the row of solid fences running parallel with the straight the order amongst the leaders was Denmark, Native, Wymlet, Minerva, Leo, Forester, Mernder, and Morven. When they left the grand-stand once again behind them the field was sadly reduced. Wymlet was nearly down at the jomp before the palings, but Corrigan pulled him on his legs and kept going. Denmark, Native, and Minerva, passed along safely, even the latter, a mere pony, jumping beautifully. But the big Mernder, who was lumbering behind her. struck and came down heavily, throwing Mr. Watson clear away to one side. Almost at the same instant Moonlight and Morven toppled over the wall and fell alongside him. Moonlight turned right over and crashed down on thesaddle, but tbe shock luckily shot the rider straight forward and clear of the horse. Scobie, who rode Morven, was on his feet in an inBtaut, and, with his hands pressed to his side, ran to get clear of the horses following him. At the logs Forrester was also down, and his rider in tbe white jacket rolled oTer on his back, and lay apparently unconscious. Each of these mishaps happening so close at hand brought exclamations of dismay from the men and loud screams from the scores of ladies in the stand. In the meantime the leaders, Denmark, Native, Leo, Minerva, and Sailor, were galloping in a string up towards the bridge, and all fencing cleverly. The first fence on the home side of the abattoirs brought down Leo. A couple of seconds later Progress also tumbled over, and the two horses galloped away riderless. Native went on with a good lead, but tbe last fence before getting into the straight running brought the lavender jacket to grass, and Denmark, with his big weight, was left with nothing between him and the winning post. Both Wymlet and Sailor were too close, however, for the heavy weight to have any chance of winning. Wymlet came along galloping stoutly, and won by five lengths, with Sailor two lengths and a half in advance of Denmark. Practically nothing else finished, the others cantering home. The rider of Leo was brought home in the ambulance waggon ; but in spite of the many mishaps, all the riders were able to leave the casualty room during the afternoon. The time for the race was 7min. 19Jsec, SELLING HUBDLE BAOE. Mr. P. J. Cox's g g Student (nil), aged, by Lecturer—Heartsease, lOst. 111b. (Cree)... 1 Mr. M. Loughlin's ch g Flamborough (nil), 6 yrs, lOst. 111b. (Corrigan) Mr. H. Phillips's br h Doncaster (nil), 6 yrs, list (Chaston) Equity, Fusilier, and Assegai also started. Time, 3min. 17}sec. The winner, on being put up to auction, was bought in by his owner for 140 sovs. FLAT BADE. Hamlet—Mystery, 8st 61b. (J. WilliamB) 1 Hon. W. Pearson's b g Plausible, 3 yrs, 7st 31b. Mr. T. Jones's br c Bohemian, 3 yrs, 7st. 31b. 3 Irralee, AngleBey, Fernlea, Ringmaster, CincinnatuB, Sirocco, Gardenia, Sir Charles, Favor, Warfield, Vernet Agatha, and Berkeley also ran. Time, lmin. 48{sec. 