Stray Notes from Sydney. I By ViATon.l In those stirring timoa, whon tlio hound of war is roady to slip fcou) his IcaBh, some nocurato information on Russian policy may bo interesting. A- very able book has boon issued from tho well known firm-of Mncmillnn nnd Co., of London, bearing the title, " Notes on tho Caucasus." It is not very often that anything Russian has an interost for the groat mass of English-speaking people ; but in tho present crisis, when wo are seemingly ?n tho threshold of war, such n work is as welcome as water to the thirsty roadside waylarer—the more so ns this volume clearly indicatos accurato knowledge of the White Czar nnd his. military tactics. The .writer has thought fit to withhold his name, and to give tho world his notes under tho nam deplume of "A Wnndoror." But this will hardly screen his identity from tho reading public, who will easily recognise tho stylo as analogous to that oi the author of "A Russian Ghost Story," thot wns so deservedly popular when it was first published. Bo tho writer either tho exporionced Russian travellor whom I conjecture, oranothor, as fur as tho interest of the book is con cerned it mattors not. The work itself carries its own worth in its patent labor and careful re?earph. Our C 8 tec mod and cultured- Prince of journalists, Sain, bays that Russia will not fight becauso she is bankrupt. This no donbt is a vary common argu ment—but the notion of .Russia in the pnet is poeitivo proof' ttmt want of money will nevor prevont her Btatoeracn from ranking war. "And the reason is not far to seek. Though poor in coin the Hussions aro rich in all the raw material of war, possessing won, horses, mid lond transports in abundance Raising troops cobte them nothing ; tho men, when raised, got no puy, and will march nnywbero on biscuit and water." .Provisions; are procured in timo of war by ouforcof' contributions on conquered or annexed territory—and aro paid for in puper inonoy which becomes current but *is never redeemed. Tho bullion thus is spared. Sho is always annexing fresh territory nnd want of coin docs not impede hoi" progress. The graphic description of tho oronts in tho Caucasus since tbe Russian troops first moved into the country is beat given (.hue :— The Caucasus Iβ a mountainous pountry, occupying tlio isthmus bet'-veeu tbo Black Sou and tho Cu-tpiau, including tho provinces of Googia, Oircaaein, Mingielin, Imeritia, Ku3niau Armeuin, untl others. Tho whole area consists, roughly epeakiup, of a con glorn t emiion qf mountains,' intersected by streams mid rivejv, sometimee cutting their way through the'hills at the bottom of deep gorges— sometimes widening' into Iroad, Qpc.u viillpye. From tho situation' and character cofinljry, tjferohayc gaf-hered tugeibor in its tribes belonging to a Kroner number of distinct races than can perhaps be found with n thii same space nuywtioro upon ihfi uaifb, There are more thnnoneLi|m)red .(liifertfnjtkn'Kiiogee, or dialect', spoken. Tup priiicipultrib,uB are the Ciifiaisiaui , , O'ssetcs, Liisghiiioi-y Alicha?inng, Oeorgi?us, hid] Tuhcichee; The AptneDiaiie, fteoigmns, iind O.vttus, are nominally dhrisjjians', whilp tUu Persians and Ce?chiaue are, more or less, JHHi?tiCftl MttllOs?m(jsnus, Tho Russian lanpungoisnow fast becoming the languAito ,of the country, and yet the Russian conquest dates only noma twonty years bnok. Their advnncu npon tho Cau casus> commciiecd towaide the end of tho last contury, After the conqur?t of tho Crimea, thoy bd?nn n series of their usual intripuoa among tho tribos, l>y self ing tho Georgians end other so-called Christian racao against tho Persians—just rr they spt the Hulguriane n?ainet tlioTurk? n fow years nfc'o—nnd with the Bnmo result. Tho Georgians refuted to pay tribute nnd revolted. Tho Shsh of Persia— to which tho Caucasus was then tri butary—mare.he'l on Tillie to coerce them ; " ntrocitics" enaued ; the Kussinti? " inter vened to protect t.ho Chrfstinno," and have stopped thorn over einco, much to the dipust of t.ho " protected," who foolishly believed that "llooaky" intervened only forthoennso of Christ, and would go nwav' after ho hod arranged mattcro to ihoir satisfaction. Onco settled at Titlit., the titissians, aftova 'couple of cnnipniirne (1806-1810), in which thoy annexed Zanga and tho Caspinn provinces, and 1826-27, in which tfiey took Krivan nnd the Arnxca valley, down to tho Persian frontier, filially drove the I'ernians from tho Caucasus. At tho mine tiran they took Gonmri and Akhnlteik from tho Turks, nnd captured thoir fortreesfta on tho Ulack Sua littoral. Thoy then turnod thoir at tention to tho complete Rubjection of the hitherto unconqnervd mountaineers. The first thine undertaken wns n wnr with tho Oaaetes, to secure, tho Dariol I'nsa ; after which a lotitf ntruKglo wont on with varying success, w'th tho l/ofl?hinns on the cant nnil tho Circassians on thu west, until both triboe finally went down, alter thirty yoare , fighting in 1862. WMi the capture of tho prophet chief of the Lcft?liians, Schamyl, tho most, nctive and determined of thfl mountaineers, who for a quarter of a century withstood and harnsecd tho urmica Bent against him—tho power of tho Caucasians was greatly shat tered ; and after his death' in 1871, tho lineeiane lognrdod the territory as virtnallj conquered. The Circnsuiens for tho most part eruii;r.ilcd in a body to Turkish terri tory, eufforing fearfully in the course of tlioir migration. It was after this stage in thoir Asiatic con quests had beon reached thut the irrent ad viinc/i into Centrnl Asia began. Under thrir well-known Generals, Tchemnieff, Kaxiff innnn, nnd Skobi'loft. the. uKuseinn standards wero carried successively through Tnsbkcnd, through Khokand, ' through Hukharn, ami ultimately through Ktiirn, until tbe frontiers of China nnd the Hindoo Khocsh wore reached. Tho Turkish war of 1877-78— begun "for the purpose of protecting tim Christians"—resulted in tho addition of Hntoum, Kars, Arduban, nnd a largo olico of territory m far br the Soghnnli range to the Hot of Uiispian conquests. Then camo tho period of Kueainn influence oTer Persin by thu suppression of the Kurdish insurrection, nnd tho cohhloii of Khoktir, followed by the eriiHhing dcftiat of the remaining indepen dent Turkoman tribes by HkobelolT in 18S0-1. These conqucsta brought them to the Afghan frontier, and their Inteet movements in that direction hato novr brought them ft littlu >.ic.yond It. How far thoy aro likely to (/ot on tho road to India in now the great question of foreign politic*. Rut the ekotch \to have juet given leaves no room to doubt that thoy have steadily and persistently in the fflco of innumerable difficulties, marched in what might bo culled a straight linn from tho Caucasus to tho Afghan borders, withtlio obvione intention of ultimately paesing through Affjhanistnn to the plains of India. It can hardly bo supposed that thov undnr took tho conquest of tSie wild tribee of the |.CnncaeuB, in a country presenting bo many difficulties to the movoments of an army, j miiriely for tho sake of adding a mass of mountain ranges to the Kusaian Kmpiro. Tho conquest involved onormous exertions, I cost many thousand sivo?, and added nothing to the resources of the nation, so turns actual j wealth is concerned. Much tho game might be said of the later conquests of Tnshkcnd, Khokand, liokbarn, and Kliiva, The Turco mans were not conquered until a railway, now known us tho Kizil-Arvat lino, hail been constructed through a desert. But that railway was not constructed for tho purpose of enabling Kuesian troops to conquer tho Turcomans only. Its ultimate domination wn* from too first intended to bo Horat. "At the very time I am writing this," aaye Vambery in tho Nineteenth Century of i JauuaTy last, "plans are maturing in Russian circles not only to continuo tbe railway lino between Kizil-Arrat aud Ashkabnd, bat to extend jt from tho former place to Sarakhs, and in duo time to lay down tho mile be tweon Sarakhe aud Herat." How Meesrs Dalloy, Dibbs, and Co. ?pan suffiT tho martyrdom of co many banquets, and come out of tho fray with onimpairod digoetive organs, ie a mystery to mo. Krug may bo good enough in its way : but Krug for lunchoon, Ktug at the banquet, nad Krug at sundry other times—ugh I it makes ono dream of bilions attacks and sour temper. There is not tho slightest doubt but that the Ministerial visit will bo productive of good in the beautiful districts of tho Clarence nnd tho Richmond, nnd the recoptions necorded tho honorable gentle men prove that tho Government hnvo not lost favour by their dood- htstorio of tho 3rd of March. Mr Dalley, who wae necordod a' grent ovation whorover ho wont, had hie usual heppy " knnck" of rising to tho occa sion. His oratorical display in Grnfton was nr.iqne, and trnly worthy of Aur trnlin's cnltorod orator. Tho burly Mr Dibbs, who has a constitution of iron, if wo may judge of his recent performance, nnd a powerful nnd cloar broin has givon great delight to tho people of the North-cast by telliug them that tho Almighty hnd not given them suoh a magnificent river and soil without, intending that they (should have an outlet to tho ojoan.- Thie is doubtlt'ss true, and money, combined with science, cau and is capable of stupendous results. ' ' i Tho death of tho young lady, Bella Hu?sell, as clio wns cnJlod by her legion of friends, hae oauecd sorro.iv not only in Singleton, but in tho metropolis, where sho also had many friends. Her illness was a lingering, and yet n very edifying one, and her frionda must feol groat consolation in the thought that her life, which wns oao of great uso, will be crowned with the labourer's halo of reward. Death 6paro? none ; but it is especially when it smites one ?o well known in any community as Bella was in Singleton, that its dread and inevit able dotnand is apt to bring serious thoughts to tho living. She h?s Wt the roalme of earth, and has penetrated tho regions of the groat beyond, whore " All worldly ehnpos etiall molt iv gloom" and '* tranrjnil rest shall roign," Advices frorapvorlond Corner report tbp diepoyory of n dead/ body of n roan in the vicinity of- that pluce. Written on a peper found in hie pureo wero tbo worde, s ''Lost in the bush coming from Jjako Boniiuy to Bookmark. If X die, I die for warn of God keep you f(9v\ my fnto, Johu Breaaban," 