SPORTING NOTES. [Bv Trumfator.] Racing continues to hold its own at Port Augusta, though the Club has to depend almost wholly upon Adelaide owners for its fields. When Mr. W. B. Wilson started the Club some four years ago, a most promising beginning was made. Horses like The Israelite and Crystal were numbered among the com petitors. There was some heavy speculation overthe principal double, and the meeting was witnessed by the principal racing men of the colony. Subsequent meetings have not quite come up to the standard of the opening fixture; but despite the coBt of the journey a number of owners seem well disposed towards the Northern town, and good cattle like Trump Ikoss, Sandal, TAnson, Brigand, Governor, New Zealand, Lady Carrington, and Tancred have figured at the Port since Messalliance and Brigand made themselves responsible for the double in 1882. The loss of the totalizator has, of course, effected the financial success of the Club, but the committee have continued to give fair stakes notwithstand ing the closing of the machine, in the hope that a speedy relegalization of the co-operative mode of betting may enable them to reap their reward. Last week the attendance was fair on each of the three days, and a small balance should remain over after stakes and expenses have been paid, but now that there is a likelihood of three Racing Clubs being in full swing in Adelaide next year Port Augusta must suffer, unless some of the local men take to racing. There seem to be plenty of sporting men in the district, but strange to say Exile appears to be the only locally-owned horse fit to enter for any race not confined to platers or hacks. The younger members of the sporting com munity possess plenty of ponies, but they do not meddle with the racehorse proper, and if metropolitan owners cease to patronise the meeting it must dwindle down to a very second-rate affair. Most of the Adelaide racegoers left here by the train on Monday morning, and reached their desti nation at 8 o'clock in the evening. The prin cipal topic of conversation on the way up was the backward state of the crops. Never since I have been making the journey to Port Augusta in July have I seen the country looking so bad. The splendid rains of last month seem to have avoided the North altogether, and station- holders round Port Augusta declare that they have not known the sight of rain for two months. Under these circumstances a lively meeting was not to be expected. Several faces we counted upon seeing were missing, and others con tented themselves with simply looking on where in other years they were wont to speculate pretty freely. The racing itself was fairly interesting. The Brigand party came to grief over the Hurdle Race, as their useful old slave could not pace with Onkaparinga in the last half-mile. Jerry Sneak, tbe up country farmer of hurdle races, was in the field, and I saw faim race for the first time. He is not a bad-looking horse, and a good jumper, but as slow as a man. The Flying Handicap was voted a moral for The Baron, but the favourite did not begin to gallop until the race was virtually over, and an up-country nag named The Quack scored the race for Mr. Hammatt, whose striking figure was once well known on Adelaide courses. The Port Augusta Cup looked remarkably open on paper. Of course if we had known Sandal was in form picking the winner would have been simple' enough, but in the face of her inglorious displays in the Onkaparinga Cup and at the Birthday Meeting few cared to trustthe daughter of Zustep. At the meet ings just mentioned Mr. Gordon seemed to fancy the mare, because he hacked her, while at Fort Augusta be laid a little againBt, and her ridiculously easy victory must have convinced him that it is not an easy matter to arrive at his filly's form. With Sandal out of the way, Harry Tothill and Mr. Low would have landed the dollars with the 'Lawn, and made ample amends for the Brigand disappointment, but the daughter of Glorious was of no use to Sandal. Exile is sadly in want of aspell, Joskin is in the same boat. This son of Countryman has grown into a remarkably nice horse, but he looked very stale. One of the handsomest racing trophies I have seen was the silver cup added to the Members' Steeplechase, and I am sorry the gentleman who presented it to the Club did not see a better race for his prize. Mr. J. F. Fergusson, who rode Sarcheden and The Joker to victory in the Hunt Club Cup, and was quite the fashionable amateur a few years ago, had a mount in this race, and so had Mr. Peter Fergusson, but they had unsatisfactory rides, as neither Swordfish nor Greyhound would jump. Sir Ewan has returned to his roguish practices, but be managed to get round and won the race. Mr. Ferry pulled out Vivacity, a full sister to Mr. Files' colt Wentworth, in the Shorts, and she made a very creditable debut, as it was only in the last few strides that she Buceumbed to SandaL' On the second day the racing was very tame. Old Orator beat Mauna Loa in the Selling Raoe, but Mr. Campbell's horse might have turned the tables if he had not been bogged a lagoon going out to the course, and then had to gallop to get in time to start. It is not often a favourite gets beaten from thiB cause, but it happened at Port Augusta. Many thought that 9 st. 7 lb. would stop Sandal in the Flinders Handicap, but it did not trouble her in the least. Geoghan rode the same patient race he did in the Cup, and catching The Lawn at the entrance to the straight the chesnut mare won very easily. The time, 2 min. 42 sec., is quite correct, but I think the course must be short, as the times made on it are too good to be true. Never in her career has Chrysalis looked better than she did on Wednesday week, and after the performance of Sword fish and Sir Ewan on the first day backers were justified in laying odds on the old mare. McGregor went to the front with Sword fish, and the horse went straight for mile. Then he stopped obstinately, but hiB rider was not to be denied, and having got his horse over he sent him after the mare at a rare bat; but Chrysalis made no mistake, and won as she liked. McGregor was loudly cheered for his determined riding on Sworafish, and he richly deserved the compliment. Mr, R. S. Low was objected to as a rider in the Pastoral Cup ; bat the Stewards decided to override the absurd rules of the Hunt Club and let the artistic " Robert" pilot his mare, The Lawn. It is hardly necessary to say that Mr, Low rode the mare in the most approved style, and no one was sorry to see him score a win. I sup pose that if the Adelaide Hunt Club ruleB were carried out to the letter, Mr. Low, like Mr. Glenister, Mr. Filgate, and Mr. Gordon, would not be qualified to ride as an amateur; but if such stringent rules are to be enforced the sooner Amateur Races are done away with the better. Mr. Ferry grumbled over the weight allotted The Baron in the Forced Handicap, but he ended by backing him, and the colt being within his distance he won in a canter. The introduction of a third day was a happy idea on the part of the Club. The different races were confined to amateurs, the prizes being only five-guinea trophies, and the attendance was quite as good as on either of the preceding days. The Hack Hurdle Race brought out six Douies, and the favourite, Little Jack, won, thanks to the excellent horsemanship of Mr. Wigley, who is quite artistic when it comes to a close finish. The Clown, who ran second, is a beautiful little horse, and even with 47 lb. over his handicap weight, he would have won but for jumping slowly at the last hurdle. The rest of the day was confined to novel races, and a deal of fun was occa sioned _ by the troubles of the competi tors in " the Tandem Race, but I am< not much in Iove_ with tandem racing, and the polo ball business on a sandy ground like Port Augusta is about the "sickest" kind of sport I ever assisted at, However, those who participated in the different events enjoyed themselves, and the Club had a good day. The Quorn meeting was somewhat affected by the third day at Port Augusta, but its close proximity to the more important fixture enables the Club to depend upon the presence of Adelaide horses and men who would not wait for the meeting if it took place a week after Port Augusta. Next year I hear the Club intend to race before Port Augusta, but it will hardly be wise to adopt such a course unless there are sufficient local horses in training to provide a day's sport. This year the Adelaide division had matters their own way, and without them the racing would have been very tame. Since last year great improvements have been made at Quorn, and when the stand is up the course will be one of the best appointed out of Adelaide. _ Sandal's colours were lowered by_ Shylock in the Flying Handicap, and Brigand upset Onkaparinga in the Hurdle Race, but the son of Conrad does not jump as generously as he once did, and if he bad not run Onkaparinga off a hurdle the Port AuguBta placings would probably have been confirmed. Sandal's defeat in the Flying Handicap encouraged the owners of The Lawn and Shylock into thinking that the £100 attached to the Quorn Handicap might be^ theirs, but they were signally disap pointed. Onkaparinga made the pace a cracker, and when The Lawn and Shylock had succeeded in silencing the black's claims they were found quite unequal to resisting the challenge of Sandal, and Mr. Gordon's mare simply walked in. There was a good race for second place, and ninety-nine people t>ut of a hundred thought The Lawn had prevailed, but the Judge surprised them by declaring in favour of Shylock. The latter wm pulled to land the Selling ELa.ce una having accomplished this mission Hill saddled him np again for the Ladies' Purse. Mr. Tanner, of Quorn, and not Mr. Low rode The Lawn this tune, but the change of pilots made no difference to the mare, as she won easily, Shylock, as might have been ex acted after his hard day's work, sticking lis toes into (pound and relusing to race when he found himself getting a little the worst of it. Orator won the Selling Race, and concluded a fairly successful day's racing. The V.R.C. Grand National Meeting on Saturday was a great success, and South Australians cannot fail to feel pleased at the result of at least two of the raceB. Owing to a heavy rain on Friday night the course was very heavy; but good going is not considered necessary in steeptechasing, nor is it always to be blamed for frequent falls. The Balla rat party began well ny landing the Maiden Hurdle Race with Hippogriph, a big colt by Aldinga, out of Hippona, that was sup posed to possess plenty of racing merit last spring. Corrigan rode the winner, and among the defeated lot were Duration, Insolent, The Ace, and Haven. For months past George Head has been bestowing a deal of care and attention upon an upstanding brown horse called Reticent, bred in the Gippsland District, if I am not mistaken. Several times within the lastsix months this horse was out schooling in Open Steeplechases, and on Saturday last nis education was deemed sufficiently complete to make his trainer think him a good thing for the Maiden Steeplechase. Among the opposition were Lady Ashton, for whom Mr. Pearson paid 300 gs. at Mr. Weill's sale, Kulkyre. Joe's Indian Queen, and Brown Eagle, but Reticent was backed down to 6 to 4, and m the hands of Ben Chaston he won by ten lengths. Brown Eagle seems to have been troubled with the slows, as he went straight. Sheet Anchor's ignominious defeat in the Hurdle Bace supplies another instance of the folly of making a moral of an untried per former, no matter bow good his reputation on the flat and private performance over the j umps may be. Time after time horses which nave afterwards displayed great form over little sticks have failed at the first time of asking when pitted againBt well - seasoned jumpers, and Sheet Anchor will probably live to prove that his display on Saturday waB all wrong. Followers of public form naturally stuck to The Agent—despite the reported cola —and his meritorious victory shows what a food thing he would have been last year had Ir. Hart not reserved him for the Spring Handicaps. To carry 11 st. G lbs. home first over 3 miles in heavy going is a really good performance, as The Agent is not the style of horse one would expect to show at his best when hampered with much weight. The field does not seem to have been particularly strong, and although Mr. Park Laurie had much the worst of his battle with the Leviathan at Mount Gambier, he got a good run for the 2,000 to 500 which he accepted about Guardfish—a much better one than was to be expected from the horse's previous running near Melbourne. Mr. Hart won a fair stake over The Agent, I hear, and time has proved that he knew what he was about wben he gave Mr. M. C. Morris £1,200 for The Agent, Country Boy, and Governor. The Grand National Steeplechase was a chapter of accidents, and in the end Corrigan got home on Wymlet, a young horse I took a great fancy to when i saw him run at Caul field last October. Morven fell, and 1 believe Governor met with an accident early in the race, though he did not fall. Denmark carried his thumping burden with credit, and the revived Sailor made a good bid for vic tory. That rather ungainly looking chesnut, Flamborough, was the favourite for the Sell ing Hurdle Race, but the handsome grey. Student, carried too many guns for him, ana my old friend Plausible failed by a head to concede 4 lb. to The Ghost in the flat race. The announcement last week of there-for mation of the S.A.J.C. under the title of the S.A Jockey and Coursing Club to carry on operations at Morphetteville, has not been received with feelings of unmixed satisfaction by those who wish to see the j colony take its proper position in racing j matters. What every one wants to see is the S.A.J.A. and A.R.C. formed into one Club to race at Morphetteville or the Old Course as may be seen fit. For some weeks negotiations have been going on with a view to effecting this end, but our racing authori ties seem blest with a singular inability to arrange their differences in a satisfactory way. Both sides want to gain some advantage, and neither party will concede a point, If the S.A.J.C. is to race at Morphettville, and the A.R.C. on the Old Course, neither Club will be able to take a stand worthy of the colony without the use of the totalizator, and all racing men are thoroughly convinced that nothing but a combination of the rival forces will put things upon a proper footing. Mr. Blackler constantly talks of his anxiety to merge the A.R.C. in the S.AJ.C., and he J speaks from the standpoint of a breeder and an owner, as well as a lessee of the Old Course, while the Morphettville authorities are also thoroughly alive to the advisability of buying up the lease of the A.H.C. s property, but iu the face of this striking similarity of ideas the two Clubs cannot come to terms. The S.AJ.C. j during the late negotiations offered £5,000 ] and extra £1,000 contingent upon the totali zator being re-enacted. This the A.R.C. in dignantly refused, their notion of a fair price I for their lease being £7,500. the amount J which they say the undertaking has cost them. Since the formation of the S.AJ.C. was made public Mr. Blackler has called upon me, and he now says he will undertake, on behalf of himself and Mr. Ferry, to sell their lease for £6,000, and an additional £1,500 in the event of the totalizator coming I into use again. Cannot the S. A. J.C. see their way to accede to theBe terms and put an end to the two Racing Clubs' farce? We shall then be able to give good stakes, and stop all onr owners and trainers from spending the racing season in Victoria. An English cable received this week states that Lord Rosebery is retiring from the turf, and intends selling his entire stud, but tbe same message notifies that the Prince of Wales will for the future figure upon the turf as an owner, and race horses in his own name. Lord Rosebery has been a prominent figure upon tbe turf for some years, and while Controversy, Touchet, La Mervefile, and Snail were running he was most successful, but since he split with Robert Peck the Primrose hoops have seldom been seen in front, Bonny Jean's victory in the Oaks being the only triumph of importance achieved by His Lordship since Joe Cannon took charge of his string. The Prince of Wales has been popularly supposed to have an interest in several good horses during the laBt few years, and The Scot ran j in his colours when ne started first fovourite j for the Grand National, won by Voluptuary. His Royal Highness's apparent determina tion to go into racing thoroughly, and become one of the prominent owners of the day, will be bailed with satisfaction by all well-wishers of the turf, and if ever he lands a Derby the reception accorded the winner on returning to scale will be something to be remem bered. Another member of the aristocracy who has entered upon turf pursuits is Lord Ran dolph Churchill, for whom Matthew Dawson made several purchases at the Marden Deer Sale early in June. Alto gether, racing affairs in England seem to be in an uncommonly flourishing state. Writing in this connection "Augur in the Sporting Life, says:—"Truly the English tuif is a marvellous institution in more ways than ono, and we should be a very very sad and sorry people -without it. The circumstance of X/Mrd Randolpb Churohai entering the lists and joining '°e supporters of the national pastime is much talked of. and satisfaction generally expressed. Popular as his meritB and talents have made him m the fierce attack and stubborn fence ot debate and argument, the fluttering of his silken jacket on the turf will place him still nieber in public favour, ana afford another proof of how great a hold racing has as a national pastime. In fact, I do not_ believe that racing ever held a higher pqsiiiou or tested on a more satisfactory basis for its solid prosperity than at present. It is gene rally understood that Matthew Dawson will train for Lord Randolph, and that that eminent master of his art -will do thorough justice to his charge the records of the past have proved over and over ajsain. _ F. Archer, too, will probably have another distinguished patron, and further opportunities oi continu ing his most marvellously successful career. Bv the last mail I received a letter from Mr. J. E. Savill, in which he states his in tention of returning to the colony in about a year's times , , « Some important wagenne has been done over the Melbourne Cup during the past fortnight. St. John was _ backed to win £20,000 at 100 to 2, and thin week a heavy commission in favour of Coronet has resulted in his being landed first favourite for the Melbourne Cup at 100 to 4. Money continues to go on to Commotion, and business appears to be meant with the New Zealander July, as some thousands have been ridden down to him at 100 to 3. , Mr. E. E. J®«,the weU known Sydney Leviathan, laid 10.000 to 300 against this colt in one bet while in Mel bourne for the Waterloo Cup and National Meetings. Telegrams state that Newstead is easier for the Derby, but there does not seem to be much doing on the race. Mr. Joseph Madden was thrown out of a trap when returning from the Port Augusta ! Races last week, and is still limping from the effects of his spill. _ . . ! The first telegram conveying the result or the Grand National Steeple to Tattersalls Club last Saturday gave Morven as the winner, and one or two backers of the double. Agent and Morven, were considering the most appropriate way to celebrate the_ occasion when another wire came notifying that Wymlet and not Morven had won. Belts Life, in speaking of the Observer Turf Guide, says '" If anything were needed to show that it is as difficult for an English man to divest himself of his habits as it is for the leopard to change his spots, the prooi would be found in the little took above men tioned. The love of horaeracmg and other national pastimes is unchanging ui the race, and the turf is juBt as much on institution at the antipodes as it is in England.^ We recog nise the efforts made by our sporting.brethren of the Pacific to keep the world posted up in Australian racing, and point to the Sown. Australian Turf Register as a carefully com piled return of the doings on their race courses." Unfortunately the turf affairs of this colony are not in such a flourishing con dition as the writer in Bm imagines. . The financial statement of the Victoria Racing Club for the year e^mg June 30 BhowB a net profit of over £10,000. The Spring Meetmg shows a profit of £12,622. All the others resulted in a loss. Referring to the English Derby JVuirt says: _>• Mr. Cloetewasstrongly advised to change his jockey at the last moment; hut either no good rider was at liberty, or be was resolved to trust Webb, whose scurrilous aasailanta were put to shame by the splendid race he rode. Mr. Cloete took the wise course of telling Webb frankly of the arandalouB in sinuations which were current, and after some very plain speaking he added that ot course he did not for a moment doubt bis iockey's honesty, and concluded by promising him a present oi £2,000 if he von on Paradox. After the race Mr. Cloete expressed his entire satisfaction with Webbs riding, and gave him £100." „ ir n At ongala on Wednesday Mr. Ferry won a couple of races with Vivacity and The Baron, but Onkaparinga was beaten in the Hurdle Race. I suppose the black ran off, as he is a cut above Jerry Sneak with a straight rUThe South-Eastern Star saysIt maybe of interest to cur readers to know that The Agent, the winner of the Grand National Hurdle Race in Melbourne on Saturday, was used in Mount Gambler first as an ordinary riding back by Mr. C. Blume, jun., who, finding him too sluggish for his work, sent him to the saleyards. He -was only offered £9, the reserve being £15, but afterwards sold The Agent for £20." , Davison is in good work for his matcn with Roberts on Thursday next, and I fancy he will beat the Auburn man. The race is to take place on the Oval at half-past 4 o clock. The last English Derby was the fifty-sixth consecutive Blue Riband witnessed by Mr. Weatherby, the head of the firm of brothers which publishes the "English Calendar, and is responsible for most of the important haLeo° w*as so severely injured in the Grand National Steeplechase last Saturday that he had to be shot. George Read has sold the old steeplechaser Taxaraxacum for a hunter. The mail which arrived this (Thursday) morning brings particulars of the Ascot Meeting, which seems to have p&ssea; off with all its usual splendour. Althorp won the Ascot Stakes in a common canter from Emra sisn and Polemic, the latter starting favourite. Backers got fits over the Prince of Wales Stakes, as Royal Hampton (9 st, 1 lb.) started at 13 to 8 on, and could only get third to Pepper-and-Salt (8 st. 3 lb.) and Dandie Dinmont (8 st. 3 lb.). The winner belongs to the Duke of Beaufort, and wasfnendless at 25 to 1. Thebais had an easy task to wm the Gold Vase, and the crack two-year-old Sarabandeasilv wontheBienaialaud the New StakeB. On the second day the Dake of Beaufort followed up his success in the Prince of Wales StakeB by landing the Royal Hunt Cop with Eastern Emperor (6 st. 21b.), but this time the winner was well backed at 9 to 1\. Child of the Mist won two races, and St. Helena turned the tables on Lovely in the Coronation StakeB. Peck's two-year-old Philosophy, which was said to he better than The Bard, brought backers to great grief when she was beaten by Gay Hermit iu a Triennial Stake. St Gatien was not looking his best when saddled for the Asoot Cup, but he made short of the Yankee horse Eole, Dutchman, and Scotfree. The Bard won his twelfth race at the meeting, and is still unbeaten. The committee of th& South Australian Trotting Club enquired into the Janet and Norma " oonspiracy" case on Thursday, and decided to disqualify T. Power, the jockey and trainer, and J. Hicks, the nominator of Janet, for twelve months. Janet and Norma were entered as different animals at the late Trotting Club Meeting, and after a _ deal of trouble the committee have satisfied them* selves that the two names represent only one animal, and the two entries were made with a view to hoodwinking the handicapper. The mare Norma or Janet has been disqualified for two years. At a meeting of the Pekina Jockey Clair, held at the Pekina Hotel on Saturday even ing, 18th inBtant, Mr. P. Leo, the Hon, Secretary, was the recipient of a handsome gold albert and locket, in recognition of the services he had rendered to the clnb daring the past eight years. Mr. Leo feelingly re sponded, and regretted that circumstance! made it necessary for him to leave the dis trict, but he thanked the club for its token goodwill towardBhim. 