on Iter ? - —Cupid Jones. ;-Ah1 ah I this time I've got, I think, just fivo, White as til? moon upon an August night. I long to lies the content3 well alive, vPor those chicks, still unborn, are my delight. My eldest egg—now lot mc pause andjsee : He'll bo a valiant rooster-bird, of course, Having the grace of the ailantus tree, A linnet's voice, tho brute strength of a horse. > My second, I must vory fondly dream, Will bo ajpouZo tie lettrcn, and very wiae; She in linguistics will be held supremo, And ehc will learn tho idiom of the liiua. Tbat third, delicious, speckled egg of mine Will bring mo forth the handsomest of males, With military genius, I opine— A fowl thu fou of garden alugs aud auaila. That other there—that dotted littlo dear— Will oause my poor maternal mind regret; ? For Bho will be, I positively fear, The wayward Cleopatra ot my Bet. But, ah 1 tho ono that baa a beauty mark Right on thu top, from Duty ne'er will quail; She, Christian-like, will Buffer in tho dark And be tho chickens' i'iorouca Nightingule. So saying, tlie hen clucked loudly in her joy, And waved her wings upon the unhaloued eggs; ? ;Bufc then appeared a stalwart poultry-boy, With squinting eyes and odious crooked legs I He seizedihor offjptiug right before her eyes, ?Took tho thre3 best, tho ones she prized the 7; most. Aud, to the mother's infinite aurpriso, ?Vanished around th-i corner like a ghost 1 And, whilo sho hurried after him to say, !?'* Spare, spare myc)iiiiliei],:'.rid bu ever blest!" A weasel, who had ui.eu no food that day. Happened to trump along, and i<uok the rest. — .— — — Cupid Jones. ?A v.-iii fined SBOQ iorkiueing qsohool teacher. If it hadn't been for two or lhi r ee7of thn scholars who caught thciu a it sho wouldn't havo charged him a Burlington Free .Vrcir. ? , j .'.'??? ft j-i.uTrrTtrr.i^t?sn' v.-iiM lined $800 lorliiueing ttiiobool teacher. If it hadn't been for two 7oriLfttTOl till) Eoholara who ouuglit them a it sho wouldn't Ikivq charged him & ocnt.>-^ ?Burlington Free I'rat. ? 