ECIfOEJ O AIfELBOUI AV.... (BY THE GnOS9T.) In the political and social, just as in tihe natural. world, a calm often succeeds it storm. Thus it is that the Ipciod of ex citement and turmoil incidental to the de parture of an Australian contingent to the Soudan, and the receipt of news of the aggressive attitude of Iussia in Afghanis tan, has been followed by a week entirely destitute of excitement. The pendulum of our patriotism, to which an impetus was given by the death of General Gordon, has swung back; and at the present time the talk is no longer of the pomp and circusn stances of glorious war. For all we now hear about them, there might just as well be no such place as the Soudan and no such personage as the Mahdi. Mr. Service is evidently sulking in his tent at Sorrento, like Achilles before Troy, and perhaps elb borating the apologetic speech lie will be compelled to deliver in defence of his offer of Victorian troops, when Parliament re assembles after its long holiday. The honourable gentleman has discovered how the cat is likely to jump, and has neither the desire nor the intention of executing any saltatory movement in a contrary direc tion. Ilfaut hurler aa les loups is doubt less a sage aphorism ; but while able to howl with the wolves, it is just as well to be able to bleat with the sheep when the occasion demands it, and it is perhaps in order to be able properly to perform this latter feat when the opportunity arises hehas alreadyhowled with the wolves-that Mr. Service exiles himself so frequently to his marine residence by the sad sea waves of dull and dreary Sorrento. Surely Mr. Bryant of Aslanbegoff and " the Russian attack upon MIelbourne"fame has been at work again. At all events another attempt at creating "a scare" has been made by one of tlheMelbourno morning journals, which need not be particularized further than by saying it is neither the sinful Argus nor the saintly Telegraph.This time, however, it was not the Muscovite, but the Dynamiter that was to bring ruin upon devoted Melbourne. The substitution at Government House of the military guard by half a dozen of police men caused the rumour,the vivid imagin ation of the sensation-mongers doing the rest. Anyway, St. Patrick's day has duly passed over without Sir Henry Loch having been despatched on an involuntary aerial journey, or the Footecray Powder Maga zine blown to "smithereens" and the Victorian navy sent to Davey Jones' locker by a shoal of torpedoes, Really it is hard on the poor Penians to lay so many charges to their account. It was had enough to spread the report that a thousand or so of the fraternity were about to leave Chicago and unlimited pork and "praties" to enrol themselves with the other black- guards of the Mahdi,withcut crediting them with the intention of perpetrating a senseless and cowardly outrage in a country, the first perhaps under the sun where there are no tyrannical landlords to be shot, and where the gentle suasive force incidental to the process of eviction has never yet been called into play. As the last straw breaks the camel's back, so does the last half hour in the afternoon during which the civil servants are now called on to work at the" bidding of those cruel military Civil Service Commissioners cause the Barnacles' cup of bitterness to flow over. It was surely enough to insist on all government clerks beginning tihe day at nine in the morning, without adding in sult to injury by debarring the "curled" darlings,from meeting the " fringed" one, on the Collins-street block at the moss fashionable half hour of the twenty-four.t The marriage statistics of the colony are likely to be seriously affected by tile new regulation. And aprolos of marriage, the case of the unfortunate young man Robert Levy deservds to be noticed. 'Tilos young gentle man, who was to have been joined to some falirwidow on Wednesday, put an end to hinmelf on Monday, preferring, unlike lamlet, to fly to the ills he knew not of, rather than face those he deemed insepar able from matrimony with what Mr.Weller senior; termed a " widder." He evidently thought the fire preferable to the frying pan. Thie tide in the affairs of min-and attorneys- general-which taken at the flood leads on to fortune, is now running strongly in Mr. Kerferd's favour. The judges of the Supreme Court are complain ing of being overworked, and ask for an addition to their number. Now is the long desired opportunity come to the member for Beechworth. The goal of his ambition is within sight, and he now has the clhfnce of showing hoaw much truth there is in the proverb that asserts that " everything comes to him who waits." The honourable and learned gentleman has been waiting for some dozen years at least. The employers of labour of Melbourne and the colony have determined to turn the experience gained during the late boot makers' strike to account. 'hey have, in t their turn, combined and formed an Em- F ployers' Union, and as an earnest of what they are prepared to do, if compelled to resort to reprisals, have resolved on im porting five hundred professors of the sutorial art. This is turning the tables on the strikers with a vengeance. I wonder if'Mr. Trenwith ever heard of "the engi neer hoist with his own petard ?" ,Mr. George Augustus Sala, whom of course everyone knows as " gas"-one of the few modern writersose can now-a-adays read without being bored-nhas arrived in Victoria, where he purposes delivering a series of lectures on men and things that 1 larve during the last twenty-five years or I so passed in review before himn and in i common with everybody who is anybody, I has been subjected to thesimpertinenut it tention of tie Press "interviewer." lie has been requested, ere lie has had time to c look round and get rid of his sea legs, to give his impression and experiences of the 1 colony, its climnate, people, and institnu tions. No doubt taking warning by the fate of Mr. Fronde, who, not to put too fine a point on it, made rather a donkey of himself by being just a little too com municative, Mr. Sala has not ventured beyond a few common place generalities. Before asking our visitor to pronounce on "our beautiful cliunmateo," of which Vic torians are just as proud as the Sydneyites are of their " beautiful harbour," we should allow him to experience the pleasures inci dental to a strong north wind in the un watered Melbourne streets on some Sun day morning, and insist on his attending tihe Assembly debates, and thie sittings of the Presbyterian Assembly for, say a week. Then Mr. Sala would be in a position to pronounce judgment on our Australian skies, and to form an idea of the eloqunence, the good taste, and the "' culture" of the chosen representatives of the people, and the charitable feeling animating its de crees. It is nit quite certain his ndmi ration of'us as a budding qation will then be unbounded. Our T\inqgte~ orf Defe~cO., MIr. Sargood, has, at the lands of the urbane Sir H. B. Loch, suffered the "snub courteous." Ig noring tile fact that nob only is tihe Queen's representative Governor of Victoria, but Commander-in-Chief, sandHigh- Admirl to boot, the autocraticsoft-goods colonel took it upon himself to substitute a policemanu for thie artillery sentry that guardua the portals of the vice-regal residence and nbode ofthelrunler of tne colodial" navee" in these parts. Tihe interference was redented as a piece of bumptious impertinence, end tile military ordered by the Comtuander-in Chief to reumtin on guard in tihe Domain. Perhaips his Excellency, in vieon of recent events.had an idea the verandahl of govern ment house migllt by the gentlemen in blue hbp turned into an impromptu ball room, aqd the female domlosticoof tthevioe rehal li?seolldlu he found at unseemly Iniram tripping it on the light fantastic too switn thie guards of honour. Any way Lt..Colonel Sargood has been taught a lesson in manners and military etiquette ie is not likely to forget. It would be curious toknow wehat motive actuated Mr. ~urvice in effecting an all-roqld seduction in tihe amounts nunllaly given to the various chritLlo institutions anud hospitals of the colony. Does thie lonourable gentleman by this means hope to abolish poverty and banish sickness from our midst? Certainly to starve paupers to death, and to deny muedical assistanceto the sick would, quickly result in a diminution of the poor and allicted. But the method i soeewhat t~o heroic for the t4' el V~ictorians, mnd it is lqrt te?'r(oesO to be wondered 4t lina ' n lrge and influential" suntick't5o y the way, who ever hear-do Seputtlon that was not thus designated -wited an Mr. Service. The Premier said he had given "much thought" to the mat ter, but he did not announce that he was prepared to give more money. And how many persons are there who give "much thoughlt' to our charitable institutions, and very little else ! Yet a very little money would do a great deal more than much thought. Every one knows what money can do-more than we are aware of what thought did. The note of preparation at some of the theatres is being sounded in anticipation of the Easter holidays. Cinderella is to be retained at the Royal, and bids fair to run for at least 100 nights. At the Bijou Signora and Signor Majeroni are delight ing large audiences by their artistic per formances of Fedora; while at the Opera House Amos Clark has been revived, with George Iignold in the title role. The intended building operations at the Prin cess have not yet been commenced, but Melbourne still manages to rub along with only three theatres. These, however, are supplemented by St. George's Hall, where Red Stockings nightly delights large as somblages ; and Chiarini's Circus, which is now, and has for some time past, been very well patronised. 