Life at the World's End. LAPFORD. Aueust &. I renounced these letters some time back, in deference to the gravity of the situation created by Russian political intrigues and military machinations. Bitterly cold Russian weather supervened, tempered by cratty chilblains, ana — oh ! chaste Diana, smile pityingly on me — equally crafty corns ! Then a hideous appari tion arose in the columns of the Record decked and adorned in the cool, unblushing assurance of one who has thought fit to appropriate the cognomen of 'Jingo,' and helped, as it were, to ' fright the isle fom her propriety.' My lait, I think, described some scientific chemical experiments upon a greasy hat ; and now I have been the innocent and unconscious cause of a mild uproar in that scientific body, the Royal Society of South Australia. So you perceive I have been at it again ! This episode in the scientific history of ' our rich and pros perous country, occurred in this wise. During a long sojourn in the East, I had imbibed and fostered a taste, which grew and waxed into an inordinate passion, for — Omelettes ! From this one sentence, you will have learned by induc tion, that I am about to dwell on some chemi cal experiments, under the head of cookery. Yes, I have actually attempted to bring back some of the glow of Eastern life into the shadows of my lonely, ermetic abode, by the composition of an omelette ; and one which the late Edgar A. Poe would enthusiastically have styled 'La Heine de V OmmelettcJ' But I have no receipt, and had never seen one made, though I have devoured some hundred hecatombs of them— more or less of course. I looked into an old fragment of Walker's dictionary, but that did not aid me. I con sulted a volume of Lord Bacon's ' Sylva,' ' Novum Organum,' and ' De Augmentis Scientiarum,' with a like result ; and, finally, I fell back on my own resources. Taking no less than six eggs, I beat them up, shells and all (thats the proper way to beat eggs) in a cracked jug. Then I carefully strained the shells off; then I chopped a huge onion into minute particles, and dashed them into the eggs ; added about an ounce of cayenne pepper, in lieu of green chilis ; then a pinch of salt, and surveyed my labours with intense and gloomy admiration, wondering what the three Roman Apicii would have said upon the matter. But how in the world was I to cook it ? I couldn't boil it in a bag, a Id plum-pudding, for it was only a thickened liquid, a mere batter, after all ; and it looked a queer object to put in a frying pan — a veritable yellow sea, with a vast archipelago of onion slices, to which Virgil's line would not apply to all — ' Rari apparent nantes, in giirgite ?sasteV In this lamentable dilemma, I pathetically in voked the whole of the nine Muses to aid me, and it must have been a tenth one that an swered. She whispered to me to thicken it with flour ; but my soul recoiled, as it were, from the idea, for I was doubtful whether it would be de trop or not. I finally adopted the whisper, however, and canted the lot, still little more than a thick batter, into a large frying pan. The firewas fiercely hot, but I left it-^the 'omelette' — alone in its glory, whilst I got a huge dinner plate ready to receive it in state. A curious, doable-compound smell suddenly saluted my nostrils, and as I rushed back to the sceneof operations, aaequallydouble-compound smoke saluted my eyes. The omelette was evidently burning ! Seizing a large pewter spoon, I stirred the smoking mass savagely, with red face and tearful eyes, the ' omelette' gathering and shrinking up into all sorts of shapes and colours. Then, some mysterious u-r\r,Y-\ cnntcanncarwi like molten silver, gather ing in number and strength ana urtuiancy every stir I made I was rather puzzled, at first, but a look at the spoon opened my eyes, both liler ally and metaphorically. The entire head of that article was missing. In a word, it had melted away; the bottom of the pan was \- nearly red not, and even the tin, also melted, was rushing about, in a wild state of excite ment. I took off the pan, still stiring desper ately with the stump of the spoon ; but It was no use ; my beautiful omelette was ' dished' ? not literally, but metaphorically. When it became cool, It presented an extraordinary sioht. A huge mass of yellow, brown and black, studded with brilliant stars. ' Slowly and sadly I laid it down,' and rolled it about and pulled it, till it looked like a hedge- hog afflicted with a very serious attack of leprosy. Finally, I flung it in some grass, under a_ busb. and banished it from my mind. Alas ! it was only for a tune. A week after, a man leading a saddle-horse, knocked at the door, which I opened. ' Look here, mister,' he began, without saying even good morning. ' Iv'e just found a queer thing out yonder' — jerking his thumb over his shoulder. '' Its a sort o' mushroo«, I'm a thinkin' ' — and he held up to me in the palm of his extended hand, my own unfortunate omelette, changed, like the ghost of Hector, from its former identity. It was densely covered with that fine, thin, dense and bluish microscopic forest, which we often see on mouldy vegetable decay. The silver specks still shone brilliantly through the microscopic forest, and a spirit of mischief took possession of me. ' I never seed a mushroow like that afore,' he continued. ' No ; nor any one else, either,' I replied, with a grin. ' You have certainly discovered a rare curiosity ;' and I took it carefully in my hand. ' Wot d'ye think et is ?' he said. ' It is certainly a Fungus,' I replied. ' A species of mushroom, as you say.' ' But ow did et grow ?' he asked. ' Et haint got no stem.' ' Oh, it belongs to the insiamenoria puffbria order of fungoids, which have no stems —like the misletoe, or air plant.' ' Oh ! I see,' he remarked. ' But wot are them bright specks like silver ?' ' It is silver ;' I answered. You see it imbibes the silver trom the atmosphere. We live in a sea of silver, and very few know it. I quite envy you your luck. The Adelaide Museum would be elated at such an acquisition. I shall be on the look out for more of them, day and night, for it is that exceedingly rare species, the mineral mushroom !' (I didn't tell him there must be silver in the locality, for he would have pitched his tent at once.) ' You doant say so ?' he exclaimed, opening his eyes. ' Wot 'ad I better do with it?' ' Well, I'll tell you,' I said ; ' but take my advice, and don't breathe a word of it to any one alive. Do you take it carefully into the Burra. You'll get a nice box (with a picture on the lid of it) at Messrs. Hoskings' or Drews'. Get one with a picture of a pretty girl on it. Then go quietly to Wilkinsons' and get some fine cotton wool ; pack up the mushroom very carefully, and address it to Professor Tate of the Royal Society — Field Naturalists' section. Make the Professor a spontaneous gift of it. He will be most highly delighted, and three days after he gets it, your name will be wired over the whole surface of the globe, as the finder of this rare mineral plant. By the way, what is your name ?' '* My name's Winterbottom. I'll send it — make em a present of et ef you will write the note for me. ' I ain't much at the pen.' ' Oh ! I'll do that gladly,' I said. ' Sit down.' So he sat down near the door, hold ing the bridle of the horse over his arm, while he carefully wrapped the ' mushroom' in a silk handkerchief. I wrote a most elaborate and glowing note to Professor Tate and the members of the Field Naturalists section of the Royal Society, and signed it, as my friend requested, 'William Winterbottom,' in a bold, plain hand. ? ' But you would like an answer,' I suggested. ' Can you give an address ?' ; ' iVell, you see,' he said, ' I'm goin' back to Queensland, but I'll make it a pint to stay at Terowie for a week or ten days a purpose. Tell 'em to write sharp to Terowie.' So I added a postscript, desiring the Professor and the Royal Society to write back ' sharp' to the discoverer, at Terowie. ' Now,' I continued,' it will be only right that your name should be immortalized in con nection with this remarkable mushroom. I'll write a label, and mind you pin it nicely to the article— no, lay it on the wool ; but don't you breathe a word to Messrs. Wilkinson, or Hosking, or Drew, or they'll have a pickand shovel army out here to-morrow morning hunting for ' speckled' mushrooms, and I shall nave no peace leu i ' No fear !' said my new scientific friend, so I carefully printed on an embossed card which I had by me, the following legend : — ' Fungus, ingentissimits et mirabilis, Aust ralis Gulielmi Winlerbottomii, maadosa atque speculosa mineralibus World's Endibus. Ad Ptofessore-n Totem' Everything being thus carefully considered. I gave my friend the note and the embossed label, which I had done up between two old book-covers, to keep them clean and flat, and when he had mounted his horse I handed him the Fungus mirabilis I wished him joy, and he rode away rejoicingly, my last words yelled out to him at some distance being — ' Don't you let Wilkinson know what you want the cotton wool for. Tell him your wife's got the toothache, or neuralgia, or tic dolt reaux.' ' I hain't got no wife 1' he bawled back. ' Well, your sweetheart, then. And don't you forget to place the label carefully over the cotton.' ' You bet !' was wafted to me, in boat swain's accents over his shoulder, on the breeze, and that's the last I sawot this celebrated ' mushroom.' A fortnight after, a man coming down with sheep, stopped and handed me with a surpris- . ing grin, a. dirty, crumpled letter without an envelope, dated at Terowie, and this is what it said, or, rather what the dreadful scrawl written said : ' Hang yew an' ure ole mushroo» an' the Ryle Sez eye tea sez itn a hoe axe, an eel put mee in a gale ef ee keches mee. wen .i cum bak ile brek ure uggly nek yew bet yew darn fuel yew nose boo i ham So luk oute W. W.' I inferred from this precious epistle that Professor Tate and the ' Ryle Sez eye tea' did not receive Mr. Winterbortom's free gift with enthusiastic cheers. I sent the leter to the Education Department, as an interesting con tribution to their Model School?, for a gram matical exereise. Meantime, I made a parsing lesson of it for a class myself. The girls giggled a little at the 'ile brek ure uggly nek yew dam fuel,' but on the whole it is one of the best sentences for parsing I ever met with ; since it contains every requisite, either for Dr. Morell's system or that of Lindley Murray. I will give the results of my grand archaealogical discovery in my next. 