The Water Supply. a call to Action. At the meeting of the ' Ne wtown Borough Council on Tuesday evening, Alderman Jolly saidthat it was necessary -that some action should be taken to call the attention of the authorities to the inefficient water supply. Some time ago a promise was made that the defect should be remedied. They had waited in vain for the improvement. The eupply was still as in efficient as ever it had beon. Alderman Bemjime y : There is no doubt that this is a very Berious matter, and some decided steps will have to be taken. We are ..supposed to have a temporary scheme, which ?was to give ne a plentiful supply. I have no doubt that the scheme will not be of the slightest use to anyone. What I would suggest is that ail the suburban councils should unite and obtain the permiesion of the Mayor of Sydney for the use of the Town Hall for the purpose of a mass meetine, and call upon the Government to bring forward some scheme for the immediate relief of the water-famished residents. - If it continues much longer this borough will be in a lamentable state. There is no doubi that this want of water has led to the spreajl of typhoid fever and ? u The Mayor : I_ think there ia a good deal of the ' ghost' about this typhoid scare. Aldermen Bellemey: There is no doubt about this, that whatever may be the merits of the typhoid scare, the health of the people has suffered very materially. We iave nad a gre»t deal of typhoid fever here and in the suburbs around Sydney. In the face of this I cannot shut my eyes to the fact thai we are laboring under the disad vantage of a threatening deficiency in onr water eupply. The Nepean or some other high pressure scheme will have to be adopted. ' If the Government wantsto save the city and the suburbs from a terrible calamity it must take immediate steps to provide the people with a proper water supply. . This temporary scheme will never answer. I am not speaking upon my own authority, but upon the authority of those who know the difficulties of the matter, and the im psrfectionsof the scheme. 