TBE PERTH UTBBARY SOCIETY. There was a large attendance of mem fcexsand the public at the Perth Literary gocittyeentertainroentonMonday evening. Readings of selections from Charles Dick- | ««? 'Christinas Carols in Prose'* were given by Miss Cave aad Messrs. Hann, ' Wand Stevens. The work had been prepared for reading by a member of tbe ioraety. who succeeded in cutting it down fco the limitsof an eveningVs.readinF, while retaining the most interesting portions of the charming little story, and without dumping the thread of the narrative. In due procession were P««nted to the audience the opening scene in «u owwgc ?- count ng house, his interview with tha wandering Ghost of the defunct Marley on Christmas eve, the visions of bis own early life, including the ever-memorable Fezziwig toall ? the visions also of the time then pre spnt with the Cratchitt Christmas dinner and tbe tnerrv party «* his nephew s bouse. I and the mysterious visions of the future | with their solemn warnings to Scrooge of the natural consequences of his selfish life,] tbe whole culminating in the awakening of ! Scrooge on Christmas morninga wiser and by nomeans a eadder man. The readings throughout were very creditable to a young Society, showing great care in preparation, while at times they rose to ^excellence being delivered with finished elocution and dramatic effect. The intervale between the readings were enlivened with music, iij/Jniliiig a truly artistic rendering of the Laureate's New Tear Song, ' Bug out Wild Bells,' by Mrs. Dyer. Mr. Deven ish'e comet was a'eo heard to advantage in two duets with the piano played respective ly by Mis. BandeU and Mr. H. Devenish. After the ringing of a Christmas hymn the proceedings closed, amongst numerous ex pressions from the audience that the ple&srire; afforded them had exceeded their expectation?.- We heartily congratulate the Society on its progress, and trust that its first public appearance having proved such a ' !iit,' it will be encouraged shortly to give another of it^ interesting entertain ments. 