CAMIOLA: A GIRL WITH A FORTUNE. By justin McCarthy, Author of 'Miss Misanthrope,' 'Maid of Athens,' &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XIX. — ' Rivbe op Remoese and Innocency.' Suddenly Pilgrim was hailed from the road out of which he had turned to reach the river side. 'Hallo, Pilgrim!' ' Mr. Romont, is it you?' 'Why, certainly, Pilgrim. You look a little surprised to see me !' 'Well, yeB; I am a little surprised, Mr. Romont.' Pilgrim became rather embarrassed. What he would have Raid if he had spoken out his mina was ims, x am surprised to see you going about openly in your own costume and your own person, seeing that you are supposed to be somewhere far out of London, and that Albanian Joseph is still supposed to be in JTitzurseham.' Pilgrim had never asked a question or said a word about Albanian Joseph ; but he knew perfectly well who Al banian Joseph was, and Romont always knew he did. What little plot Mrs. Pollen and Romont had in hand he could not guess, but he had a vague presentiment borne in upon him, he could not tell how, that it would prove to have something to do with Camiola Sabine. He knew it would be some purpose of eood to herself, but his heart was sad all the same. Every thought of her wounded him. He had not seen her since that fatal day when he made such a lamentable exhibition of his madness, and he dreaded to look her in the face again. 'I am in Fitzurseham again, Pilgrim, as you see. There is a time for folly and a time to be sane. I am trying to be sane just now.' ' Were you up at the house ? Were you looking for me?' ' No ; I haven't been up at Fitzurse House ; and the truth is I wasn't looking for you, Pilgrim. But I am glad to see you all the same. Are you meditating on the flowing on of life as you look at that shining river ?' There was an enforced gaiety in Romont's manner which did not escape even Pilgrim's notice. 'Have you been at the rectory, Mr. Romont? Have you heard how Mr. George is getting on ?' ' No ; I haven't been at the rectory, Pilgrim ; at least I didn't go in and I didn't make any enquiry ; and I haven't the slightest doubt that Mr. George is getting on as well as his most devoted friends could possibly desire. That sort of fellow always does get on all right, don't you think ?' Pilgrim wondered what could have induced Mr. Romont to walk to the rectory and not go in or even make an enquiry. Romont had been in a restless mood all the evening, and he had wandered away vaguely from St. Jauwa'a-Btreet and found fefoaself at last idly lounging round and nfund that Po^P ot Fitzurseham where the rectory stood. Ifthei? be any man or woman still young or having me«71°ry .°f . youth who requires to be told, a3 Christian Pilgrim apparently did, why Romont hoyered in the neighborhood of the rectory, then on P bat m*P or woman are love stcries and love's experi ences thrown utterly away. 'But what are you doing here, Pilgrim1? i You look like a watcher ; as if you were on the look out for something?' 'I am on the lookout for something, Mr. Romont ; perhaps you will think me absurd if I tell you.' 'My good fellow, what does it matter whether I think you absurd or not? What does it matter whether you are absurd or not ? Are we not all absurd, every one of us, at almost any hour of the day ? I hope to heaven that you are tremendously, insanely, pre posterously absurd, Pilgrim ; because you will then keep me all the better in counten ance.' 'I know at least that you won't laugh at what I am going to say to you.' 'I don't think I feel much in the laughing humor, Pilgrim ; but go ahead.' At another time Pilgrim might have paid serious attention to Komont's words and manner, and might even in his humble, friendly way have pressed for some explana tion. Now his mind was absorbed in one thought. He told his thought to Romont in as few words as he could put it into. Romont did not laugh, but shook his head very gravely. ' Of course, this is mere conjecture, Pilgrim, and there may be nothing in it.' 'Of course, of course, Mr. Romont.' ' But still,' Romont said, ' I am almost in clined to think with you that something bad may be coming. Things do look ominous, and I am absurd even to attach some importance to the fact that jthe notion has taken so strong a hold on your mind. If she ever were going to ' do it, here, certainly, would be the likliest spot. Anyhow, no harm can come of your waiting and watching.' ' Will you keep me company, Mr. Romont.' ' Of course, I will ; I am- just thinking what we had better do. Look here ; we'll get into one of these little boats. There's one lying off the Old Ferry Inn— we'll get into it and just go out of mid-stream and get behind one of the big barges there, and keep our eyes fixed on the shore and the churchyard wall. Makes one feel creepy, doesn't it? But that's the thing to do, you may be sure. If the attempt is made here, Pilgrim, we can save her.' 'What would you think, Mr. Romont, now that you are here to keep watch, if I were to go back to Mrs. Lamma's house and tell her of our suspicions, and get her to look after Vinnie ?' 'Wouldn't think about it at all, Pilgrim.' 'Nd, Mr. Romont?' -.-..' . 'No.' ?? w ' ' Not tell the girl's mother and put her on her guard?' ' Certainly not, Pilgrim.' Pilgrim was absolutely dumbfounded. Not to go at once and tell the girl's mother; not to put her on her guard ; not to have some restraint used with Yinnie I This was marvel lous. Only his implicit faith in Romont could stand it. 'My good fellow,' Romont said, 'don't you see that if this girl is bent on killing her self nothing on earth can prevent her trying?' To go and frighten her mother, and set her mother to frighten her, would be the stupidest policy in the world. It would only come to this, that Vinnie wouldput off her attempt to some time and place where we should not be standing by to prevent her. The best thing we can do is to let her try here under our very eyes.' Pilgrim's breath was almost taken away. 'But suppose we don't succeed in saving her?' 'Of course well save her; what is the matter with us? If she does come here* the thing is easy ; and if she doesn't come here then we can't teU where she may_ go. It is an off chance, but is a chance ; I think she will come here.' ' Then don't you think we should stop her ?' 'No, no, no; the only thing is to let her go right in to the river. Many a girl when once she is ia would endure the worst troubles in life to be out again. If they are pulled out they become ashamed of the whole affair, the row, and the scandal, and the exposure, and all the rest of it ; and they get back to their better eenses. No ; girls don't often try that sort of thing a second time.' ' I suppose you are right, Mr. Romont. You are sure you can save her?' ' Of course ; of course. My good fellow, do you think I never saved any one from drown ing in my life ?' Romont spoke as if saving people from drowning was one of the com monest incidents in an ordinary man's life. 'I am sure I never did,' said Pilgrim, sadly. 'Lots of things you never did, Pilgrim. But there's one thing I know you can do, and hat is obey orders.' ' Yes, I can do that.' 'Very well, then; if anything should hap pen, if we should see anything, yon had better let me boss this business — let. me manage it all, if you don't mind.' ' Certainly, Mr. Romont.' 'I think I am a cooler hand, don't you know ; and if this should happen we must bear in mind that we haven't merely to prevent the poor thing from coming to any harm just now, but we have to prevent her from ever trying it on again. Do you understand what I mean now, Pilgrim ?' 'I don't think I do, Mr. Romont ; but it doesn't matter if you do. Ill just take my orders.' 'All right ; you will understand.' There was a silence for some moments. No thing was heard by the two watching men but the lapping of the water against their own boat and round the bows of the barge behind which they lay sheltered, and the occasional barking of a dog, and the chiming of a clock in some belfry tower. ' Ten o'clock ! If she is coming at all,' Pilgrim said in a low whisper, ' she won't be long now. Keep a sharp look out, Mr. Romont ; your sight is better than mine.' ' Why do you think it will be soon now ?' ' She will wait until her mother has gone to bed— that will be before ten.' ' Oh.' There was another pause, and for a longer time. Pilgrim was growing almost sick with nervous anxiety. Although there was no moon the skies were singularly clear, and the eye travelled far under that luminous atmosphere. The watchers were peering cautiously out from behind the shelter of the barge and 'her heavy rudder. The tide was nearly at its height. There must have been many feet of water under the old churchyard wall. There was a rather strong current running towards London. 'Husb,' said Romont, in a voice so low that the ripple of the waves was noise to it. His quick ears had caught the sound of some movement like the crunching of gravel in the churchyard. The (rates of the churchyard were always closed at nights, but there was a kind of roadway, or 'hard' sloping down to the river parallel with that one of the church yard walls which ran from the river inland, and parts of this wall were so low, and the rough roadway mounted in places so high, that any one could easily get over the wall and in among the graves and tombs. Unquestionably some one had leaped down from the wall into the churchyard, and now a hurried, irregular tread could be heard by the watchers behind the barge. Yes ; it was a girl. Pilgrim had guessed aright. The figure of a woman was plainly seen now by both the men. The woman came to the wall which looked over the river and stood a moment and stared across the waters and up at the sky and back on the church itself. Then she flung off her bonnet and shawl and mounted on to the wall She stood there one moment, and a half suppressed cry or moan broke from her. Pilgrim was about to push off the boat and shout to the girl to stop ; but Romont seized him by the shoulder and held him in his place, making at the same time vehement gestures to him to keep quiet. It needed all Pilgrim's confidence in Romont's judgment to enable him to keep quiet at such a moment. 'She will doit,' he said to his own affrighted soul ; ' she will do it in a second while we are waiting here. ' Yes, he was right ; she has done it. She sprang wildly from the wall ; there was a splash and a stifled shriek ; and poor Vinnie Lammas was in the Thames. 'Keep quiet,' said Romont harshly to Pilgrim, 'sit still, don't stir, leave this to me.' He took the sculls as quietly as if he were merely about to amuse himself with a late paddle on 'the river and gently pushed the boat away from the shelter of the dark barge. Pilgrim covered his face with his hands ; he could not bear to look up or around him. Romont sculled the boat lightly with the current, shooting several rapid strokes ahead, and looking keenly out over his shoulder the while. ' Now then, Pilgrim, here we are ?' Getting courage from Romont's cool composure, Pilgrim looked up, and made ready to do something, he did not quite know what. Romont was resting on his oars and waiting. Suddenly Pilgrim saw something come floating, bobbing, dancing down the stream. It was the back of a woman's head. He could see nothing but that at first ; it seemed like a curly-haired head with no body attached. 'All right,' said Romont, in a low, reassuring tone, and shipping his sculls be crept over Pilgrim to the stern of the boat, and put both his arms under Vinnie's head, and held it up by the short curling hair. ' Catch hold of the sculls, Pilgrim and pull like mad for the shore.' Romont was in reality much excited, but he spoke as composedly as if all this sort of thing were happening every day. 'For the barge, Mr. Romont?' Pilgrim asked in doubt and excitement. ' No, no ; for the shore ; man alive, we couldn't get her into this boat, and we couldn't get the barge ashore. Go ahead.' Pilgrim was pulling with heroic vigor and un heroic awkwardness. A very few strokes brought them close up to tha .landing-plage. just tinder the chutcbj^5- Romont here stepped into the water and Z.ifted Vinnie out of it. He waB now standing on tuLe shore holding her in his arms, her pallid, cot^'}^6. kee resting on his shoulder. She was 6tou» insen sible, but full of life and shivering all oVeY* 'Take off your coat, Pilgrim, and wrap it tightly round her ; wrap it as if you were wrap ping a mummy ; that will get some heat into her again. Good ; very well done. Now just (Jontnve somehow to get off this coat of mine ; beir a hand this way. Gently now while I just lift he* ^Sad a little. There— there— quietly. Don't stir bar more than you can help. That's it ; all right. N ow wrapmy coat tightly round her feet and ankle*. That's the way. Now then you had better can'? her; this way, don't you see, just as you would £«ry a child. And now we had better start. Ili just make fast the boat.' Romont had a kind of idea that when Vinnie came to and heard what had happened she would rather know that she had been the arms of the elder than of the younger man. ' One moment. Pilgrim,' Romont employed his handerkerchief to dry as well as he could Vinnie's curly hair and face. 'Now stoop down, kneel down, she must have swallowed a lot of water. Hold her head just a little this way, yes, that will be all right.' A little torrent of water gushed from the girl's mouth as Romont had expected that it would, and she sobbed and shuddered con vulsively, opened her eyes once or twice in a sightless way and sank off again insensible but evidently relieved. ' Now, we may go on again, butnot too fast. Is she very cold ?' 'I don't think she is so very cold now, Mr. Romont ; except her face, perhap3.' ' No matter about that ; just keep these coats round her as tightly as you can. The women won't be long getting her plenty of hot blankets up at house, I suppose ? Shall I ran on before and tell them ?' ' At what house, Mr. Romont?' ' Why at Fitzurse House, to be sure.' ' But there's nobody there.' They kept going on all the same, for as yet they had not reached the main road, and only when they got there would it be necessary for them to decide. It had not occurred to Romont that there could be any difficulty about carrying the rescued girl up to Fitzurse House at once. For a moment he became puzzled when Pilgrim interposed his practical objection. 'By Jove; I never thought of that — are there no women to-night up at the house ?' ' Not a ghost of a woman. Mrs. Pollen and her maid went away heurs ago.' ' Then there's nothing for it but to take her to the rectory. We can't go into the Old Ferry Inn and have all Fitzurseham gaping over the story for the next week, and if we took her_ home we should only frighten her mother into fits, and find no one else who could do a hand's turn for the poor child. The rectory is a place we have all a claim on ; and there are women enough there.' They were again tramping briskly along. Pilgrim found his physical strength come in useful to him now. He was carrying Vinnie with as much ease and tender care as if she were a little sick child. ' She will recover, Mr. Romont?' he asked plaintively with his eyes fixed on the little dark and damp head that rested on his shoulder. 'Recover? of course she wilL Her heart was beating nicely a moment ago. Here we are. She will be in better hands here than yours or mine, Pilgrim.' As they made for the door of the rectory Romont was thinking that he was sure to see Camiola and was wondering what she would say when she saw this sudden apparition ; and ?wishing in his secret soul that he was in Vinnie Lammas's condition, on the off chance that Camiola might have to do something for him. Chaptee XX.— 'This Night— to Meet HERE.' The rectory received Vinnie and her bearers with less excitement and confusion than might have been expected. In truth there had been of late a remarkable renewal of relations between the rectory and the poverty of Fitzurseham ; and the lawn and the gate were made the scene of many an appeal for counsel and help under various distressing and profess ing-to- be-distressed conditions. The servants, like the master and mistress, were getting pretty well drilled to the work. The master and the mistress were not at home when Vinnie was brought in; but Camiola and Janette were there ; and Janette had been doing a good deal of ministering to the poor and sick lately, and Camiola was, in her way, as quick, cool, and practical as Romont him self. 'I come from the working lot, you know,' she was fond of saying; 'and it is natural to me to turn a hand to anything.' So Vinnie was quickly got into bed and nearly smothered in hot blankets, and a medical man wassentforfromthetown, whowasatfirstelated at receiving a summons to the rectory, was then a little dashed, in his pride when he found the patient was only poor Vinnie Lammas, and was restored to seif -respect on discovering that it was a case of restoration from drowning which must become a fame all over the neigh borhood. Christian Pilgrim found that there was nothing for him to do, and he therefore went drearily away, and wandered aimlessly for hours. He had not even seen Camiola ; he did not want to see her ; he dreaded the thought of seeing her. He fancied that for all her kindness of heart and her generous words to him she must in her soul despise and dis like him because of the unlucky exhibition he had made of his ridiculous passion. He pic tured her in his own as quietly laughing to herself over her grisly, old, and pauper lover. He began to think now that Romont was in love with her, and this made him feel only more and more ashamed of himself and his folly. So he wandered about long lonely roads in much, shame and misery, heartily wishing that he were in the Thames to remain there. Romont hung about the house and the lawn in his wet clothes, not caring or knowing whether they were wet or dry. He was deter mined now not to leave the place until he had spoken to Camiola and told her everything. All day long he had been doubting and hesi tating, feeling no satisfaction in the part he had played, and sadly afraid that Camiola would feel less satisfaction in it stilL Now, however, as fate seemed to have driven him within the gates of the rectory, he was deter mined that all should come out and an end be put to the matter one way or the other. The night was, as we have said, clear and soft ; the stars shone in a pure deep blue. Even to Romont's perturbed soul the charm of the summer night air and the light breath from the west brought a sense of hope. After all that had. been done it was not yet nearly eleven o'clock. Camiola had had her own trouble all day, and some troubles too that were not her own. She had to come to a decision about Janette Lisle. Janette had all but confessed to her that she was about to elope with her lover, Walter Fitzurse, before her father and mother came back from London. Walter was con vinced that Mr. Lisle and Lady Letitia would not hear of his proposal for their daughter, and be was determined on carrying off the girl and marrying her at once. Janette im plied that he had already made the necessary arrangements, and Camiola found arguments, and appeal, and remonstrance, and passionate loving entreaty utterly thrown away npon the brain-sick girL What was Camiola to do? The rector and Lady Letitia would not be home until the night following ; Georgie, even if he could be of much use, was not near. He had been persuaded to go to town to dine quietly with a comrade in arms who had just been sent back with dispatches from Egypt, and in consequence of the state of his health he was to stay with his friend until the morn ing. Mrs. Pollen was not at hand. What was Camiola to do ? She must take counsel with some one; in her despair she resolved when she saw Romont enter the house that she would take counsel with him. Therefore Romont standing on the lawn with, his back to a tree and his eyes on the house, saw a figure come from the open hall and through the doorway and out on the lawn, His heart beat fast, for it was Camiola. She was bareheaded ; she was looking for some thing. 'The time has come,' he thought; 'now for it.' Suddenly she saw him, and he thought she would draw back, and he was about to call to her and. run towards her, fearing lest the longed-for, dreaded opportunity might be lost. But when she saw him she called to him and came towards him, panting and speaking very quickly in agitated tremulous tones. 'On, Mr. Romont! I am so glad; I was afraid you had gone. I want to speak to you, so much.' She stopped and put her hand upon her beating heart. ' Yes,' he said, 'and I want to speak to you, too.' ' Ob, well- ? I have sent one of the maids to poor Mrs. Lanrmas to waken her up and bring her here. That was the best thing to do, don't you think?' ' Certainly ; of course.' ' She will be here soon. Vinnie is nearly all right, now.' 'Yes ; I thought she would be. She won't do it again. 'I hope not ; oh ! I think not. She is very much ashamed and penitent, poor child, heaven help her. But it wasn't about that I wanted to speak to you.' He waited patiently, not wondering so much about what she had to tell him as won dering what she would say when she heard what he had to tell her. 'It's about Janette, Mr. Romont; I am afraid she has allowed me to guess at a great secret of hers and what am I do? I have to speak to you,' she said, almost angrily: there is no one eke.' She told him her story in a few direct words. ' This ia a serious business,' Romont said. ' Yes, what am I to do ? Tell me.' 'Send for Mr. Lisle and Lady Letitia at ouce.'# ' , Yon think so? Ton are sure I ought t» -*' that ? Would that be a breach of confideflOer ; ? Is it a thing _ a man would do? Is it a thing you would do if you were in my place ? 'Most certainly. You said she did not actually confide this to yon as a secret.' ''No; she let it out rather. We were alone; and we -T,ere talking together over things ; not very dadsoiu? perhaps, and it was evening-, and melancholy -' ''& Janette became almost hysterical, and I got *° know or guess some how-from the way she 9^*8 *-- me and kissed me, and begged me al«*^ *° th'* well of, her— I knew that something wW going far happen. How I came to know it 1 cant -^nite tell now. Then you would send for her fatbW and Lady Letitia.' 'Of course I would. I would save the child from that fellow at any risk. If you only knew all about him ! Look here, Miss Sabine- he took me in at first ; but now I know what sort of a cad he is. He has already got mixed up with one of the worst lots of fast men about town, and he adores them because some of them are swells, you know, and he delights in their titles and all that, and being seen with them. I don't believe he* really cares about Janette ; in fact, I know, oh— well, there ;' he was near being hurried into the statement of certain facts which led 'him to believe that Walter's affections were at all events not wholly absorbed by Janette ; 'he is a bad lot and getting worse and worse. He has n» money, and he has no way of mniring any unless he makes it by gambling ; and I believe he is no more a Fitzurse than you or L' - ' ' Janette knows that he hasn't much money ; * be hasn't deceived her about that. She doesn't mind.' ' ' Much money ? He hasn't any money.' 'But he must have had money — somo money f : 'He had only what Mrs. Pollen choose to give him, and I don't believe she wOl give him much more. She is beginning to find him out; and little as I like to do any fellow a bad turn, if I can help her to find him out I will. Dont you know that it was on his account little Vinnie tried to drown herself?' 'No, I didn't know that,' Camiola said, with eyes of astonishment. ' No ; and of course Janette didn't know it ; and you didn't know, either of you, that the fellow was living on Mrs. Pollen's bounty ?' ' But surely now, Mr. Romont, even you must admit that there must be something' good in him when Mrs. Pollen takes such an interest in him? Come, now, you will own that much?' ' Well, Mrs. Pollen is a dear, kind, noble hearted creature. I found that out long ago, God bless her; but she makes mistakesTl sup pose, like others. She thought this fellow was a sort of Claude Melnotte kept down by iron fortune, who only wanted a helping hand to- become a hero, a genius, and all- that ; and then she has found out, I believe, that he is in some way or other related to her husband, and she wanted to make a man of this creature ; but I think now she is beginning to give it np as a bad job.' - ' I am so glad I spoke to you, Mr. Romont. This is dreadful— much worse than I ever could have imagined ; but I am all the more glad that I spoke to you. Janette must be saved, no matter by what means, come what will.' ' She must be saved from him, if it had to Too done by putting her into a straight-waistcoat. The thing is how to get at Mr. Lisle at once. Can you answer for her to-night 2' . ' 'If yon think we are right in this— and I have no one near me to speak to about it but you.' She felt her cheek grow flame— hot as she spoke the words. I will keep her here . by force if needs be until her father and mother come. You may depend upon that, Mr, Romont; and thank heaven I am a good deat - ' stronger than darling little Janette. I could carry her about like a child. I will send» letter to Lady Letitia.' ' Yes ; write it and give it to me ; I will see Mr. Lisle if possible to-night, but if I can't then the very first thing in the morning. TT«» shall be here with Lady Letitia before yon are all out of bed. You go and write the letter at :- once ; make it short— it cant be too short-' and give it to me. We must have no talk and scandal in all this if we possibly can.' 'Very well; 111 go and write. Will yea cone in?' ? : *, No ; Pll stay here. But you'll come back with the letter yourself?' he asked anxiously, 'I told you I had something to say t- you.' 'Yes; I had forgotten that tot th» moment.' She was embarrassed, although she had not the faintest idea of what he was going to tell her. She hurried way, but was not lone gone. She came back with the letter in her hand. 'Would you like to read it J' she asked; I haven't. sealed it.' ' 'It will be all right, I am sure. I will seal it by-and-bye. Now, Camiola, I have some thing to say to yon.' ? ' . She started at the sound of her name thus spoken by him. - His voice was deep and trembling with emotion. She was drawing' back a little in a sort of alarm. 'I have something to say which is of the - utmost importance to yon and to me.' He put his hand round her wrist and held ifc firmly, so that she could not get it away, ~ Indeed she did not try; she had no time to. pay heed to anything but the words that ware coming from hun. What is he going to say? - : ' And I shall not keep you m'suspense ; I'll. come to the point. . It is this— I love you, Camiola, and I know now— that you love me.' She gave a little cry and plucked her wrist from hun. He did not hold it. ' Oh, for shame !' she said; 'Mrs. Pollen told yon 1' A rush of wild and almost fearful rapture went through him. She did not even attempt to deny it; only ''Mrs. Pollen told you.' That was all; the truth was owned. 'I know it from better evidence than Mrs. Pollen could give,' he said gravely. 'Shet didn't tell me ; I know it from your own eyes and your own lips, Camiola. I stood by and heard you in all but direct words acknowledge that you love me.' ' Oh, but that is impossible ; it is impossible, it can't be, it couldn't be 2 I haven't seen yoxr for days and days.' ' Yee, you have ; oh, yes, you have. Don't you remember Joseph, the Albanian boatman, who rowed you on the river yesterday 2' ' Yes, yes, what about hun ?' ' I am Joseph, the Albanian boatman.' 'You I' ' Yes ; look here. He assumed one of the habitual attitudes of Joseph, folded his arms across his chest and stood with his eyes turned to the earth, and he spoke a few words in the queer Levantine Italian in which Mrs. Pollen and he used to interchange ideas. His face was dark against the sky, and the features were not clearly seen. He appeared for the moment just Joseph the Albanian fonee again. Then Camiola remembered, that when she broke into tears in Mrs. Pollen's music-room as Mrs. Pollen pressed her with questions about Bomont, the seeming Albanian started forward suddenly as if to come to her, and then drew* ~ back. She saw it all now. _ _ 'Camiola, my love, you wUl forgive met* You will forgive me for having found this out in such a way ; yon will remember how much, depended on it for yon and for me? If ever the mp-xnv. could justify the end they are justified for us in this. Think what our lives would have been if we had not known that we loved each other until it was all too late? Now it is not too late. Camiola, my love, speaktome.' Camiola had been standing mute and motion less as a statue while he spoke. There was silence yet for one moment, of unutterable pain to ''', for he guessed the worst now. 'And you played that trick on me?' she said at last in a voice of unnatural composure and coldness ; ' you stooped to play that tricky that unworthy trick, to get at a poor girl's secret? You disguised yourself to play the spy on me, although yon knew that I was en caged to GeorgieLisle. You, a man— agentie- man! Well, well; I think all the better of him ; he would not have done that !' 'I loved you,' Romont said, passionately; ' I had a right to know whether yon loved me or not. If I had found out that you didn't you would have had no trouble from me ; I would never have come to obtrude my love on yon. What matter how I came to guess, or to think, or to hope that you loved me % I did think; that by making np as Joseph, the Albanian, I had a chance of finding out for certain . whether you loved me or not.' Was I to allow any scruple of that kind to keep me from knowing that? You can't marry GeorgieLisle — you shan't marry him. I love you and yon. love me, and you belong to me, and yon shall' marry me. But I want you to forgive me first ; I do indeed, Camiola, Camiola.' He en treated her in beseeching tones with tender repetition of her name. ?' Good-bye,' she said, turning away. 'For to-night?' 'Forever.' 'But you can't mean that; you can't be serious ; I haven't committed a crime.' 'It seems to me very like a crime, a treachery, or a treason. I wonder was ever a poor girl so played upon before ?:- ' Oh, but thiB is folly ; sheer folly,' he said, - impatiently. ' The one thing is that I love fou — I fell in love withyou the very first day saw you; and now I have found that yon love me. For us two the rest is nothing.' ' The rest is a great deal for me,' she said sadly. ? ' Still you do love me ?' 'I don't believe I do now — after that/' she said. '.At least I will get over it; I will teach myself not to love— any— any one who could have played such a part as that. Oh, Mr. Romont,' and the tears rushed to her eyes ; ' you were my hero and my ideal ; my ideal — and now you are not so any more. Oh» why did yon do this ?' She put her hands over her eyes. He- thought she was softened, be put his arm round her waist. She drew away. 'Yon will forgive me,' he said tenderly, ,.-. imploringly, 'after a little time, and when you come to think all this over. Your heart : I'll spare you any more talk to-night,; vaod I'll bring Mr. Lisle in the mojaing, and we'll »ve- poor Janette. ' GoodnigbJ^. . . She uncovered her face. ?;:Be&jre; you go? sfe wdd, ' I ought to Jtell Jonw4ia*^l'meftrito do; I-will tell George lade-alltiiiB; iie- hasarighttotaiow. IwHl tell him that I was foolish enough to make a . hereof %ou and— and-;— and, to— well, yes, to love yon, and thfttyoti found it out, and that yorfkSowaMabont ifc J'ttTKottSi him how, if youdorftiike. rateUhMtoothatlllfeSbim uo\r better than I did before, and II he still ?wiabes to many me1— well, he may. I will be his wife.*' 'Of coatee he' will say yes,' Romont .said fiercely ; 'he liicw-'qoiter.wgll-that you didn't love him ; Jus inew it all along ; he knew that you were' only talked and pestered into en jgaeing yourself to him — and what did he cave solongas he could hold yon to your promise 2 This makes no difference to fctm. What will it aiatter. his knowing the name of the man you love? He knew there was some Buch man all the time. Camiola, yon shall never marry luW '31 he will have me,' she said, 'I will marry him. Good-bye, Mr. fiomont ; is it all over. I thought' you were so- different ! It seems to me as if I had lost you altogether now.' 'Do you really -4hink my ofience is nupar- - donable? Is there\to be no- excuse and no forgiveness?'- . *' It ien^t aboubihe oSence being unpardon able,'' she replied, with awanemile ; 'botabont the man notbesng.theBame ; not being what one ? ' thought him.- ~ 3£X was in love it was with, the - Bertie Uomnht of ? my imagination, and not ~ ?witifybu. That's all; and now, good-night.' Xiove, anger, wild hope, mad disappointment were -fighting' each other in the young man's heart. She looked so lovely, so queenly, in hercoldv ?onpitying mood' under the mocking and merciless lustre of the stars. He could not restrain his passion j he seized her in his -strong, well-tramed arms, and held her head dows,- and kissed her lips again and again. ' There,'he said, releasing her; 'I seal our engagement with these kisses, and bind you to be my wife! Go and talk of marrying Georgie lisle after that J' He rushed from the ? rectory back, to Fitznrse House.. His heart seemed bursting, but not from nnhappinesB. No; he even felt a certain ?wild .elation.. He did not give much heed to -3amiola's parting words. 'Shelovesme;she is mine; she will: 'never. marry him' — this is ?what he kept telling: himself., as he hurried along. He had ±o put restraint upon himngK lest he should shout aloud in. hie excitement and astonish belated . -wayfarers. The evening had been one of excitement so far ; and there was more -excitement to come of a kindhe little expected. He was determined to go and eee Mrs. Pollen .at once— that very night. The hour was late for Fitznrseham; but it was not late for the . West End. and Mrs. Pollen. He wanted to tell: her of the result of their conspiracy so far ; no doubt he wanted to be comforted: and kept in heart by her, and he -wanted . also . to . consult her about Walter IFitzurseand . Janette. But. he could not go to see her at that hour of the night as Albert Eomont; be must become ? Alhanijm- Joseph again for that night only. Mrs. Pollen's servant, -returning Jate : to Mrs. ? £ollen^s ? hotBl . would, excite_ the surprise of nobody. He. always kept his aiHsltit^ti Tng.lr-vTip and the dye * for his complexion ready at Fitzurse House. . In a -remarkably short space of time he was. Joseph the .Albanian again* He could. not find Pugrim-anywhere ; and he wanted to speak to him before leaving. In the coursaujf his .-juest he entered the music room, where one: faint light was 'burning. . He observed that Mrs. Pollen's little casket of money was standing on one. of the tables. He took; it_ up... half -unconsciously; it was very fceavy. He could not help thinking . what a . chance was. here for any Fitzurseham thief or burglar if Buchpereon could only guess that the casket was .made heavy by the weight of gold coin. To be sure, the thief or .burglar -would . not be -the possessor of one of Mrs.- Pollen's key s j but ie could, manage to get the . box open and becomeznaster-of itesecretand histreasure for all that.. Strange that at. such a moment. and with.sucb, troubles .of . his. own Bomont should thinkiDf alLthis; and yet .he did find himself thinking that .Mxa^JPollen .was very in cautious ; that Eitzurse House was. almost absolntdy unprotected:; that common report already described it as full of untold treasures ; and that anocfcarnaLinyaEionof it was one of . the likeliest things. in such a region. He resolved to talk to Mas; Pollen about, that too. 'If she -ffHl leave :money and cosily things, here she must have two or three men io sleep in the house.' . . . Suddenly he heard a quiet and stealthy -step . on the -gravel walk .outside the music-room wall. Could it be Pilgrim -coming back? Mb; the tread was too lights it was the tread, of a . young: man; and .at. the ame time it was too cautions, and. too creeping. . Bomont stood near the great curtain of pearl-grey -plush, which hnngcacrDSs -the little door opening on the lawn, the litde secret door for . Mrs. Pollen . and her particular friends, .and for -which each' of the Mends had & latchkey. He stood there and listened, andatthe same time -quietly -felt .. for the revolvecrwMcfc.he carried' with: him. Whgn -tift ha/ri ;«n W VUhanian Hiram The.step \- came .glidingly np; toothe:door.^ There-was a; pause.-; the peisan-outside was-.-: apparently listening.'. jGalyroiw man,' Ebmnnt ^thought; . it can't be Timch: of ca -pufrnp thing; anyhow. Soon to- rhis surprise :-he -heard. ra key put into the locker .It r was then, some -one of Mrs.. Pollen's . own . : particular.- friends - coming to visit her house : at that i .hour 2 Curious that,- . surely. - There was notmuch time for consideration. Eomont drew back from the curtain ; he stood at the table on which 4he casket was placed. The door was. opened, and - was carefully, quietly locked again ; the ieavy plush curtain . was cautiously lifted, and Walter- Fitznrse j came into the room. The -light was so faint ? that he had come -close np ..to were Bomont. ' stood without seeing him. When he did see him be started .back. | ' Josephi' heexclaimed. i 'Signor,' Joseph replied, standing in his usual statuesque quietness, with unmoved, tm cnrpriEed face. Then.' Walter began to ex- - plain in the most clear and elementary French tie could summon np, suiting as. best he could to the level r of -Joseph's capacity for nnder etanding civilised tongues,. that he had come there to eet a piece of music which MVar Pollen promised him, and to write a letter. He made signs illustrative of the movements of a person writing, to help Joseph further to a comprehension of his meaning. At last Joseph: signified that- he ; understood, and put pen, ink, and paper at Walter's disposal, making the light in .that part of the room much stronger at the same time. Then he bowed re- ; rpectfnlly, and silently left the room, and Walter was alonerthere. . Chapiee XXL — A Suddest 'Ihtebeuptidn. Perhaps we had better ask our readers to j turn back with tis for a short time, in order to j explain ^before the story^oes any further why 'Walter Fitzuxse had come life a thief in the night to visitJfitzurse House. He had really come upon a desperate errand. He had made all his arrangements to run away with Janette next morning or that night; he had his plans for their secret -but eafe marriage perfectly ad justed, and- he had spent his last sovereign in completing them: Money he must' have this night,:get it how he-would ; and he had gone to Mrs, Pollen and asked her to lend him-r-he put it gracefully as 3 matter of loan — to lend him Eome money, and she had peremptorily refused bint She spoke to tiim in words of remoBBtrance, of generous anger, of reproach; but she would not give him the money except ? on conditions which' he scornfully xef osed to accept. S6 he -left her in nngratefnl anger and impatience. He tried tofind Eomont, and could .not; tried to get hold of this or that friend; but every one was out of town some where that Bummer Sunday, and there were few of- bis-recent- companions in any case. who ?wouldlend any-moaey to him or to any one. Then, driven -ahnoBt to despair, hesemembered ' Mre. Pollen's casket -of gold coin to wbichhe bad a. kiey, the key that also opened the par ticular door, of the ? mngic-roora. Why. not take that money, and repay it after the marr riage? Once he was safely married to Janette .Lisle his people must- do something for him; . Mrs. Pollennerselfjiwho now: ownedierself a - connectiontofMsi through her late husband, znuEt do-somGihing^for'him/ ? It is*ot»good thing for a mortal to attempt to playtthei-paa* ofa providence or a^destiny to other' usstaJB. All- legend, classic and otherwise, isiuli of warning on that subject. The bravest ;«nterpriBe -=begon with this vain hope ishkelyto come- tomere failure ; the best intentions to- beget - only the poorest and most perverse- resulte. W« shall not attempt to justify theambition of Mis. -Pollen to play the' part of providence or destiny, to the pestle -of litzurseham ; we only state the fact that she had finch an ambition and tell what -came of it in certain instances. She was a noble-hearted womaBj-and whatever her faults, her attempts - in Fitzurseham ? were inspired mainly by -a sincere desire to do good to some of herfellow creataxes. She had indeed always before her the thought of making atonement for her eup posed orfancied neglect of her husband; but in tnrtbber chief desire now was to -make peopleiappy. Along with that, however, tLere was usqueetionably a certain delight, keen and ever renewing,, in the eense of power which her money and her schemes of benevo lence gave her. She liked Tnalripg experi ments in human character and seeing now fihe could 'mould it-- and how- it would torn out. This was her mostPdangerons deught, her mo3t temptingandperilonspastiine. She had been thus experimenting wim Walter Ktzurse. She was anxious tojknewiow he would turn out if a chance were -siven to his real character to assert iteelf. It-was ncfrqnite clear to her for a while whether the good or the bad predomi nated in4iis nature, and she said to her own conscience that- she was opening the way for the good to prove iteelf and takeita right place. But howTf the good should not prove- the stroDgert Mow jt Hie had were to get the \- enly 3pl»ve- th-^mean8 of fnnushing Walter ^tknrse^iwenfcentanywitii -weapons today Waluae- giteurae^HjeBt friend? ? Mts. Pollen had not asked herself tiwJo qqeetion when she .was making 'her mind-np to give Fitzurse's ' ambition a chance in life, and now already, so soon, Bhe was beginning to doubt whether the \- bad was not showing iteelf in ascendancy. She bad -given Fitzurse money with which to \- begin his career as a student at the bar, and to keep. him. like a, gentleman for the present..' .She had allowed him to understand that money should not be wanting to him if he showed a desire and a capacity to make a name for himself in the world. The want of a fair start, she knew, had often spoiled many a , career that would otherwise have been honor able, noble, beneficent ; and she was deter mined that his chances should not thus be marred. ' I can only give you the horse,' she told him, disparaging her own bounty. * ' It is for you to ride the race. If you win the honor is yours and not mine.' It was not necessary for her to disparage her own bounty. Walter was oot overscrupulous; he was quite willing to be fed from her hand. He took it as some thing-due to his own genius and his own com manding attributes. Besides she had told him of her hopes for the discovery of a long lost relationship in Fitzurseham; and he soon began to -think that she had already found out that he was the missing relative. He felt sure of .this, before ehe had yet thought fit to tell him of it. Anyhow, - he took her generosity and good . . wshes altogether as something due to him, and for which, he was bound' indeed- to be openly thankful, but which did not bring with it the .very sUghtest tauit of personal: hvuailia. tion. He was absorbed by one. great over mastering purpose; he wanted to marry Janette lisle. This it seemed to him would, be a magnificent start ' in life. - He knew that the Lisles were not rich — not rich, that is in the sense that Mrs. Pollen was rich, or even that Miss Sabine was rich ; but they would give their daughter teme money, and once he were married to her they must do something for him. He knew very well that Mr. Lisle and Lady Letitia were not by any means an old Capulet and his wife, who would turn their backs for ever on a daughter be cause she had married without their consent ; who would say to Janette Lisle when 6he had become Janette Fitzurse, ' do as thou wilt, for I have- done with thee.' No; once Janette and be were married there would be a welcome in the family for him ; he would be received among aristocrats; his place wonld be^sure ; his prospects cared for. His. ambi tion was for society ; he would rather be the . husband of Lady Letitia Lisle's daughter than, of the richest plebeian heiress in the land. He assumed that the Liales would not give their consent to the marriage if asked for it before hand ; and he had therefore made up bis mind . to run away with their daughter. In any case he preferred this way of attaining his end. It would be more striking, more romantic, more splendid, better as rttdavie. If Fitzurse had only trusted Mrs. Pollen, and confided in her from the beginning, no one can say what might not have happened. If he had cometoherand told her that heloved Janette - and that Janette loved him, she would have given him money -enough to begin, married life with, and she would have made herself his ambassadress to the Lisles to ask for the hand. . of their daughter. Or if he had convinced her that such an embassy would be futile, and told, her that rather than lose Janette he was determined : to run away with her, and had \- appealed . to ^ Mrs. Pollen's generosity and sentiment to .aid him in his Lochinvar enter prise, it is only too likely that Mrs. Pollen's delight in romantic emotion and in daring- effort \- would have gained her over to his side. But Walter was one of these unlucky persons who are described as too clever by half.. He trusted nothing to Mrs. Pollen,' and thus it happened that :hi£ .two love stories came upon her at the . one moment, and she knew that he had cast oS poor Vinnie Lammas, and that he was en deavoring to induce Janette Lisle to leave her father's houEe. This was too much for her. 'My experiment has been a dead failure there,' she said ; 'he is a cad, and that's all about thai. I'll put Lady- Letitia on her guard. No; I had better see him first and talk to him. Perhaps I can- work upon his fears, and in that way get him to let Janette Lisle alone. Dear little girl, . I .like her all the better for iaer rubbish about equality and her . romance. But Bhe must not be sacrificed to him. I mnst intervene. It is about time some one intervened, it would appear.' The intervention. thus far had taken only the form of a strong remonstrance from Mrs. .Pollen to -Fitzurse. Camiola had once heard some of it — more than she was quite able to understand at the time. Mrs. Pollen had found out through the enquiries she had been making that Walter Fitzurse was not in any sense a member of the great Fitzurse family, and she had insisted on his making this known .to Janette -Lisle. Walter had promised that he would do this, not particularly clear as to his, purpose to -keep the promise, but quite satisfied that he could tell anything t© Janette without endangering his hold on her affections. If he had to tell her anything it would be easy for him to Bay that he had only just made the .sad discovery that he did not belong to the great family, and that the moment he dis covered this he felt it his duty to tell her. and to set, her free of her engagement with him.. 'He knew very well what 'would come-of thk; Janette would simply -declare that she loved-, him: better than ever: Besides that she bad -a very fond and. faithful little heart, . she had a little heart crammed roll of what she considered -.- new ideas - about '? man's -brotherhood and ' equality— ideas-which must have been -maVing ? -youthful converts in the earliest days -of the family of Noah. The quiet, well-ordered, some- ' what limited life of the rectory, with its pre established doctrines and dogmas appointing every -one's duty, had set little Janette longing for some eccentricity and extravagance of social philosophy. Walter was a wholly new figure to her— bis vray of life, his talk, his ambition,, his courage, his audacious love-making were all new, strange, and intensely fascinating. Walter knew well that he held a sure place in her. heart, no matter what family he belonged to. It was not clear to him that he had not made a mistake, so far as she was concerned. in not giving himself out at first as one of the picturesque race of the proletaire. He lett Mrs. Pollen's on this memorable Sunday in desperate mood— mood to risk any thing. But he was by no means unhappy or even ill-satisfied. He was very proud of him, self and of the part he was playing. He con sidered himself a highly interesting person. He was glad to think that Camiola now knew all about him ; it greatly enhanced his selfsatisfac tion, to think that this rich and beautiful girl was compelled to be in his confidence, and was positively afraid of him because of her friend. Meanwhile he had been living for some time in London in very good style, as he considered it. He had got to know a few men of some position in society; some of them a little fast, but he did not mind about that. His name had been, put Tip at one or two clubs ; he was beginning to be well . known to a certain circle in the West- End. He was essentially a flexible plastic creature, and he took to this sort of thing as easily as if he had been used to it all his_ life. Perhaps if a profoundly sagacious social philosopher had been asked what was the principal secret of Walter's success in society, Euch. society as it was,, the answer might have been that it was to be found in his heaven-bestowed gift of wearing good clothes well. It seemed to be obvious that a man on whom well-cut clothes looked so well must be a gentleman, and the sort of man to put up at one's club. ? But a crisis in bis fortunes had come this Sunday, and it must be boldly met. He must get money, and he must go off with Janette Lisle and marry her. The money was to be had in Mrs. Pollen's casket ; he would borrow it, and put it back after it had served his turn. At the. worst his taking it could be boldly acknowledged as a love's stratagem when once he was married to Janette, and nothing would come of it He made his way to Fitzurseham. He passed by the place where he had lodged ; he passed under the windows of Mrs. Lammas-'s house, and saw that all was dark there. Vinnie, no doubt, was in bed long since. Was-she thinking of him he wondered? -Very likely not; probably she had fallen in love with some one else. He hoped so — poor _ little thing1 ! Strange that- he could ever have fancied himself in love with her. She was looking-Iimpand shabby, he thought, when he saw: her - at~- church that day. It was a great relief that all that silly old love affair between him and her was over. He would tell Janette abont:it;6ome day ; and Janette would be very kind to the little girL He found himself at Fitzurse House. He ?went up to the front door and rang the bell. He meant 'to- ask far- Pilgrim. Pilgrim evi dently ---was not at home. No one answered to the summons of the belL That was all right. It wa&paxt; of Walter's plan- to go to the door ' and askf or Pilgrim in case any one should be in. He went away, but did not leave the ^grounds. - He-hnng about for a while in . one of the shrubberies, then crept to the door of the music-room and softly let himself in, ' and dosed the door behind him. He expected to find himself- quite alone. The ordinary ser vants had no .admission to that room, .unless when the door opening on the corridor was expressly -unlocked to admit -one of them. j Walter went in, and was making promptly ' for the table on which the casket stood, when j he suddenly, became aware of the presence of ) silent Joseph, the Albanian servant. This was indeed a surprise. Whocould have counted on seeing 'him in that room at such a time ? Fitzurse fell back at first, and was inclined' to give np his enterprise and escape from the place as quickly as possible. But it suddenly occurred to him that the destiny which he always believed to have made him its special charge had his interests still in its view when it sent the Albanian in his way. Who should say that it was not the Albanian who had taken the money, supposing its having been taken should be discovered; supposing Fitzurse himself Bhould not be able to replace it before any discovery was made? To turn the opportunity to the best account Fitzurse must opeDly-meet Joseph and speak with him. Then ii any unlucky chance should lead to premature discovery Fitzurse could say that he had him isdf seen Joseph in the house . and spoken with nini oirthe very night. It would not ;be the . act of the scion of a noble family perhaps thus to allow a false accusation to prevail againajt a. poor innocent foreign servant, but affairs were well- nigh desperate with Fitzurse, and he could not stop for scruples. Of course it never should come to that, he thought; he \- w°tikl take care- to replace the money in good . time ; but at the worst it was better a wretched Albanian should suffer disgrace than that the life-project of a Fitzurse should come to grief. After alL was it not extremely probable that the Albanian had no particularly good purpose in.prowling about the music-room at that hour of the night ? So he got rid of Joseph, as we have seen. He did not venture to lock the corridor entrance behind the Albanian, and so shut him out. This, he thought, might -look suspicious just then, although it was always done by Mrs. Pollen and her few initiated friends ; for the charm of the music-room was that it was sup posed- to be cut off from all but the initiated, unless when the initiated chose, for any momen tary purpose, to admit the uninitiated. But as Joseph had got in somehow, Walter thought it would not be safe to shut him out. He sat down in the first instance and wrote a letter to Mrs. Pollen, which he sealed and left for her ; he would do everything as he said he was going to do it ; and then, and then — he noise lessly opened the casket. He saw the money, and he stayed his hand a moment. - It was not robbery he was bent on 2 No, surely not ; nis forehead grew; hot at the idea. But it might come to look like it; it might be mistaken for such an act. . Cold drops stood on bis temples, his hands trembled, but he could not draw back. If he failed to get money by some means that night all would be lost for him. He took two rouleaux of sovereigns out of the casket and thrust them into his pocket. Then hequietiy locked the casket again. For good or ill the deed was done now. He was about to ring for Joseph and call bis attention to the letter for Mrs. Pollen, when he heard a key turn in the private door, and in a moment the door was opened. On the table near the casket a revolver was lying. It was Eomonfs revolver; he had lsft it carelessly there when he found that he had to deal with Walter Fitznrse only, and not the ordinary Fitzurseham burglar. Fitzurse caught it up instinctively, and stood as if on his defence. (To be continued. ) 