Campbelltown Water Supply. DEAETH AMID ABUNDANCE. (fbom ottb special ekpobteb.) In proportion to its age, and the natural and arti ficial advantages it enjoys, Campbelltown is probably the most backward and unprogressive tows in New South Wales. Consisting as it does of one long, etragglin? street, for the most part composed of weatherboard structures, many of which are old, tumble-down, and dilapidated ; and most of them ugly and primitive in design, Campbelltown is not a place which could be pointed to as an instance of the progress of Kew South Wales. As old as Sydney itself almost, it is, at least, half a century behind the capital ; and there are residents living in Sampbelltown to-day who can testify that things have not largely changed during the last fifty years. Campbelltown is a colonial Sleepy Hollow, a delight ful retreat for the coming colonial Eip Van Winkle, and a refuge for those ' old fossils ' whose hearts are broken at the fast pace maintained by their sons and grandchildren in these latter days of enterprise and progress. There are even persons here, who are prepared to argue that the railroad has done more harm than good to Campbell town, who say that the locomotive has ruined the place. This may be eo, because there is no gainsay ing the tact that, in the time of Fisher' b Ghost — in the ' old coaching days' — there were quite as many people living in Campbelltown as now, and much more life, bustle,' and business. But, owing to the place being largely influenced by the traditions of the past, and its social and commercial life almost solely regulated by a few ' old residents,' Camp belltown absolutely refused to accept the gift of the railway, refused to accommodate itself to the new order of things ; and, thuB stubbornly refusing to progress, has really gone backward, leaving the benefits of the railroad to pass to less important centres. Therefore, it will not be surprising that Campbell town, an important town of about 2000 inhabitants, advantageously situated on a main railroad, in. almost hourly communication with Sy dney,has neither a water nor a gas Buppiy. That the residents should tolerate dark streets at night is quite conceivable, as, during the last fifty years they have bean known to go to bed as soon as the son sets ; but their toleration of a dearth of water is not so easily explained. Situated as it is, only two milea from the George's Eiver, Campbelltown has at its very door an abundant and inexhaustible supply of pure, fresh water, which could be brought to every resident's house at a trifling cost of a few hundred pounds. Nevertheless, they have been willing to subsist on the precarious supply of the rainfall caught in tanks, and that of a few muddy waterholcs. Now I have been at some pains to ascertain the real state of things, and I can safely say that few people use less water than do those of Campbeiltown. Most of the water used is of such a muddy unpalfl.ts.ble kind as not to be provoca tive of excessive drinking of water ; and it is so scarce as to forbid its too lavish use for the mere Purposes of cleanliness. Among the residents of a town situated almost within hail of the sweet and plentiful fresh waters of the Georgo's Eiver, that a bath in the house should be a luxury unknown is a startling faot ; and yet, as regards Campbell town, it is perfectly true. In conversation with the leading hotelkeeper of the place, he told me that it was cheaper to drink colonial beer than clean water ; and he farther surprised me by saying that every ordinary water-bottle full of water cost him one shilling-, the ordinary water obtainable being eo thick and muddy that the cost of purifying it is ex cessive, and greater than browing beer. On Sunday morning last, at the invitation of several of the residents here, I availed myself of two spare hours snatched from the inspection of the Nepean waterworks to visit the George's Eiver at its nearest point to Campbelltown, in company with the secretary of the Kenny Hill water soheme.Here, barely two miles distant, the George's Eiver flows through the coast range in a continuous and beautiful stream, and at this particular spot forms a waterhole some 200 yards long, and from 40ft to 50ft deep, which has always maintained a similar eize and depth, and has never, since Campbelltown has been established, been known to be dry. The river here is situated at the bottom of a deep precipitous gully, the sides of which are thickly wooded, and viewed from above it presents a most picturesque appear ance. Winding as it does over rooks and stones alternated as it is on either sides with rocky ledges and sandy beaches, and graced to its very border by green grass, verdant ebrubs and trees, which overshade the water, the scene is one of the most deliehtful, secluded, and picturesque imagin able. When I saw it on Sunday morning last from the height of one side of the gully, this vast water hole of limpid water was being utilised by a number of young men from Campbelltown as a bath. Surely, if the residents of Campbelliown refuse to drink this water, these young men were not wrong in using it for purposes of health, cleanliness and re creation. The matter of surprise was not the sense of these young men in bathing there, the cause of wonder was not the abundance of the water, the beauty of the scenery, but it was that a thirsty town like Campbelltown should spurn the blessing of a bounteous water supply placed by nature at is very door. The supply obtainable from the George's Eiver is absolutely inexhaustible, because in addition to this waterhole there are others both above and below it even larger than itself. The cost of bringing +K* water into the house of every resident in and around Campbelltown, as already reported, would be very small. The distance is short, and all that is required is an adequate pumping plant to pump the water up to the top of the gully, whence it could be convoyed to a reservoir that might be constructed on the top of Chapel Hill, whence it could be gravitated all over Campbelltown and district. The cost of doing this would be com paratively bo small while the advantages to be de rived from it would be so great that it is as much a matter of surprise as regret that the public or the private enterprise of the place has never yet accomplished it. The carrying out of such a scheme is all the more to be recommended because it could easily enough be made auxiliary to the Kenny Hill high-pressure scheme; and as George's Eiver would yield more water than Campbelltown is likely to consume were it even ten times its present size, there really seems to be no reason why this should not be done. Steps are now being taken to have the matter publicly discussed between the residents of Campbelltown and the citizens of Sydney, and it is to be hoped, both for the health and happiness of the residents of the high suburbs of Sydney, and those of Campbelltown, that something practical will speedily result. 