OLTR CALIFORNIA^ LETTER. : [From our own Correspondent.! San Francisco, December 20, 1881 The event of the month was the opening of the World's Exposition at New Orleans. I refer to it, of course, in order that I may speak of California's contribution to' the show, and the manner in which the state was represented there. At one time it was thought our display would be meagre, for California, like New York, has not been liberal in subscribing rccney to strengthen the hands of its state coirniiifcioner. It is due only to the wonderful energy or the man, a wholesale jeweller, named I Colonel Andrews, whose diamond palace i some of your visiting people may have ad- j mired on Moiitgoiceiy-street, in San Fran- / cisco, lLat Pre&ident; Arthur, on the Kith ? cunti-jt, at the WLite House in Washington, ; fom:aliy opened the great fair in the crescent : city and set its vast macliiuery in motion by ! siniply touching an electric button. The space ! allotted to our state was completely filled, and unoccupied portions of that assigned to Nevada aud Arizona encroached on as well. I had a talk with Commissioner Andrews yes terday. He had been recalled from New Or- j leans by the sudden death of his business I mansger, but would return to the scene of his '' duties iu a few weeks. He told me California's i cereal, fruit, and wine exhibit would be the greatest ever seen. More than a jthousand , varieties of grain will be shown, nearly all the ' kinds of grapes grown and the wine made ; therefrom, and the Naglee, Baldwin, and Guillaros brandy, row pushing the French ? article for a place in the affections of those : who like pure cognac. There are more than ; ninety varieties of almonds and nuts, and the native grasses and numerous forage plants of . the coast command attention. The fittings, ? tables, &.c, are of redwood — a tree indigenous to the Slope, and I notice by telegraph that ? this feature alone is already attracting notice, especially among the southern lumbermen. Andrews worked hard to gain the consent of the legislature to transport the state collection of minerals to the exhibition ; but being unsuccessful turned bis attention to i:i-ivrtp cabinets. He has secured one or two valued at 15,CC0 dollars, so the mineral pro- ' duc-tion of the coat-t will not go unrepresented. . Careful computation lias b?en made frnm re- ; liable repoi ts of all the gold and silver mined i tiv.ee the American occupation, and the re spective quantities will be shown by imitation [ gulden and silver pyramids. The sericulture j of the state will also be represented by silk i ai:d coc'soiis from Lodi, San Joaqum county, ' and there will also be specimens of our pj,;ur : n.iiiiuf&cture.; The general Government gave ! Con.iiiitpi'iner Audiews 5,000 dollars to work : on, but the whole amount contributed by the j business men of the city aud state was only I o00 dollars — a most beggarly sum, considering ? the advantage the exhibition was likely i- \ be to California. 'It will increase iiumigra- j tion, certainly,' insisted the commissioner, i ' aud be a splendid prospectus for a j univers-al exposition, which some of our lj-ini- I ljets men eoiito-iujjlate will be given in Sa:i ; Frsr.cii-xo three or four years henc;1.' As your 1 people a;e talking of a World's Fair in Ade laide about that tiu;e, the facts iii connection with California and the New Orleans Exposi tion may interest them. We have struck an unexpected 'snag-,' as the Mississippi river boatmen say, in the voysge of the ship of the Union. That is, the piobabae collapse of a Pacific state. Nevada, whit h was forct-d by the Republican folly of au enaluiiig: Act into the sisterhood oi .-states in 18G4, iii in such a condition of retrogression and depletion that its extinguishment is talked of, and the partition of its territory between Cali fornia and Utah. Since ths subsidence of the mining excitement end failure of silver output from the Comstock lode, in Vir ginia city, little Nevada lias gone from bad to worse, until now there is nothing left but a few cattle to fatten on the sage brush and buuch grass — for this feed makes excellent beef — a sparse population to ttke care of them, and some who have yet faith in the development of apocryphal mines. It was never nruch cf a state, says one journal, disci';frf:ii!g the situation, and should never have been admitted. It swindled the other states byghing senators and representatives in Congress to a mining camp among barren mountains. la it jutt that the other states should tolerate the monstrous political power Nevada exercises in Congress and in the Electoral College any longer? But how to get rid of it is the question. The, extinguishment of any state ir- a .seriou? matter, but the con tinuance of ai;y state in the false position Nevada occupies is a very serious matter also. A constitutional amendment will be necessary under the circumstances. The case of Nevada is somewhat analogous to that of the English rotten boroughs, fifty -six of which were dis franchised by the Parliamentary Keform Bill of 1SS2. A f uit has just been decided by the Supreme Couit which is of great importance to our E-tste, as it is bated on the old JEngli^h doctrine of riparian rights, and denies the, legality of of the system of irrigation sought to b3 pur sued in some of the lower counties of Cali fornia. Lux and Miller, millionaii'es and cattle monopolists, are the plaintiffs, aud Haggin and Tevis, also heavy capitalists and landowners, the defendants. The case, in brief, is this — Lux and Miller own about 2,0CO,C00 acres of land in Keru county, on the lower part of which Keru river sinks in two marshy Jakes. They propose to utilise the marsh — where there is a dense growth of tules — as a hog-ranch, and therefore need .all the water they can get. Haggin and Tevis, with about ninety other defendants, have organised a system of irrigation, tapping the river above for the purpose, which was rapidly bringing the arid lands of the county under splendid cul tivation, and inducing settlement in every direction. Most of these lands are owned by the defendants, but Lux and Miller own the lands bordering tbe_ stream for some distance. They therefore enjoined the canal men from taking the water to irrigate the back country, and the Supreme Court has mads the injunc tion perpetual, saying the natural flow of the river cannot be diverted. The consequences will be most disastrous to the settler if this decision be not set aside on a rehearing. A rapidly- growing country will be given up to the raising of hogs and cattle ; for the defen dants, who have 7,000,000 invested in irrigating canal?, threaten to fence in their hinds and conveit them into a cattle run instead of farms. The Keru river and the irrigation it might afford under other circumstances were the sole dependence of the farmers to raise a crop, as only four inches of rain falls there in a season. Applying the. English doctrine of riparian rights to the case means therefore irretrievable ruin agriculturally. Hiifeband-killing is among the events of the month in our city. Two cases are recorded. TLefjist that if a one-legged man, of whom his wife tired on account of not having the full cprnplinicntt-f lower limbs, procured a divorce and HiSi'iitd a brewer named Felix Matter. Poor Le-vieux, the uniped, always hoped his wife would return to him, and after the divorce and before the second marriage, on a promise to do so, lent her 350 dollars. Then she mar ried the brewer, aiid when Levieux, failing to rettere title in' his former spouse, sought at least to get his money back, Matter shot off the cap of his right elbow with a pistol ball, while the cripple, net to be outdoiie, changed his pistol to the left hand, and shot Matter dead over his divorced wife's shoulder ; the divorcee, be it remembered, having her hands on Lei- ci-st husband's throat all the wJiile. The other case was more dramatic. A rather quiet, well-disposed young fellow named Daniel W. Kennedy, an Irishman, made a mesalliance, for certainly the union was not judicious, with a Jewess, Bertha Friedman, one of those ill-assorted marriages that occur in our heterogeneous community, more frequently perhaps than in any other American city, and which generally bring their own punishment. It was so in this case. Kennedy kept a scrt of refreshment place, and was a good deal away from home. His Jewish wife chose to believe the charms of other women, and not business, was the cause of his absence, and the condition of that household may therefore be imagined. At length there w~as an open rupture, the pistol and a dead husband on the pavement in front of their dwelling. The body was brought into the houte and laid on the bed, and the three children stood by and wondered what it all meant. Their mother had a fit of hysterics after realising she had removed their protector and the prop of the house in a moment of insane jealousy. She moaned out, looking at the bleeding corpse, ' Poor Dave ! it is too bad — too bad.' But she regained her mental poise when the officers were removing Kennedy to the morgue so far as to remark that 'what the had done would no doubt be an example to wives and a lesson to husbands.' Is it any wonder that, considering the population, wed1 dings are infrequent in San Francisco 1 The newspapers say the murderess is enceinte; this increases the grim horror of the situation. If there be a law of foetal sympathy, as some physiologists insist, what marks will be shown by this poor babe, born of a mother whose hands are red with its father's_ blood ? — what characteristics be developed if it reaches adult years ? It is not a pleasant subject on which to speculate. On examination an effort was made by her counsel to have the woman held for no higher charge than manslaughter, but the judge refused and held for murder, with 10,000 dollars baiL Depressior in general business is the Socialists' opportunity. When operatives are constantly employed, their families and themselves well housed, fed and clothed, the antagonism to the aggressive insolence of wealth does not make much headway among them. It is only when these conditions are reversed, when the oppor tunities to earn a living are narrowed, and woikmen are being discharged in numbers, as is the case now in all the manufacturing centres of the United States, including Cali fornia, that the pessimism of the Socialist missionary obtains a hearing from the working classes, and the doubtful remedies he proposes for existing evils are entertained. Nothing so emphasizes Jack Cadeism as empty pockets and the pinching of hunger. Therefore, we presume that when Mr. H. W. Hyndman, the celebrated English leader of the Communistic school, visits San Francisco, as it is announced* he will do shortly, we may expect some excite ment in the community, and the capitalist who' boasts of two shirts will be on the alert to guard his extra linen against him who has none. This Hyndman, according- to report, is a character, and singular withal. He is said to be a wealthy man, with an income of £6,000 a year, the pro prietor of Justice, a weetly journal, and of To-Lay, a monthly publication, both used as ! propagators of his peculiar ideas on political, social, and other questions affecting communal intercuts. He is also a constant contributor to the Contemporary and Edinburgh — leading reviews in the old country. One would sup pose that with money and such influence, at command he would be a power iu his way and well known, but I am ashamed to confess having heard nothing of him till the present writing. His purpose, I believe, is to canvass the whole United States in the interests of Socialism, and to hold meetings in conjunction ? with the various labor organisations. As a consequence, an international convention wil be assembled in this city in March next, at which it is expected over 300 delegates will be present. That will be the time for California capital to show its usual timidity aud for the sorrow of the borrower to increase. A French idea came to grief here last week in the winding-up, ignobly, of the 'Great Matrimonial Promotion Scheme, or the Uni versal Benevolent Association of California for Unmarried Females,' a title that ought ty- till i with hope every spinster's heart. The scheme i was on the plan of an insurance company, ! where unmarried persons, by investing a small j amount as a sort of premium, received, or were to receive, if the plan w-orked, a certain amount of money on marriage to start them in life. Agents were sent all over the country, and patrons taken in by the hundreds. It was a popular institution till a call was made on the management for the amount assured, and then the collapse came ; the concern was found to be only the airy fabric of a vision. The scene in couit, where the aimy of victims repre sented almost every station in life and every cour.ty in tLe state, was one of the best illustrations of the boundlessntws of hviiian credulity that -could be given. The proceedings were in insolvency, and it- was shown tl.ir claims against ihe concern amounted to ^Ct',CGO dollars ; the assets were a c--ni- biiiatii is-iock s-tife and a few pieces of .office fuiiiit;:ie, valued altogether at about 3'Jj) dolls i ^-. I oo lint know, after all, but that the object of furnishing lone feaialcs .wifh -hui- baiids ar.d endowing them when they were niated was a good one and a useful 'ff it had been pn'pe-riy carried out; but in this casa it was a tiiiuspaivnt fraud. Let me mention au incident bearing on the diiScuIty of getting a wife in California some yeara ago, w/lien society was in a much more inchoate state- tljan it is at j,:-?f-eiit. There entered the editariaV roi m oi a leading journal one evening a-, uiicdk-a^td, M-Brcciaijli'-ioi'ldug- man, whj x%__ taid t.' i:.-L- witji *i.n.e iw.-.iiati.ui of mauuer, ' I beg yi ? v:r i-aixinr. sir. but I am about to prefer WUii :; :;y i! j--;.!.;;r t-. you :-i unusual r.i ju ;i:. : i Wish ttiBiivil-li.-..- /.n- ;l w. ,;li;. u t.l \yi :uy wjf'.'r '?I'.-:'i-.!i-.t-.v1-r-i!!;::;f.vu::sva.otii:ji:is.-.-»dfiit-j.'' 'l'li leii vi.u v.i.;;t itjs,'' i:« tvj.siiieJ, iil.-.uiujr hisvitiiia, Lilt on a thair: 'I'm a. jintic-j of * the jist-e aw:iy up in .-(an-ui;i:iuinj til?! name --f a n-n;«te county); I'ju veil hxh f, hit I 'in kinder lonely, i-.rA 1 want sjais'o.ijy to l-:-.k after the house — a £ood stuisibfe wciuan. I'ui a stranger here; fcii'w uoboly. 1 ti-.kc ;. f.ur ]»']*r, and it sort o~ struck iae you lfii.cht hc-i: 3s;t- find the kind oi ivoainu I irkrtt.' 'Well, fiif-rd,' I said, 'we do nut keep a matrii. oi-ial bureau; but I thisic your p.i: ] ose of advertising a good one.' He aajor dh-gly stated his wants and address in c ie.v w_oicih, ai.d the advertisement was published. Ivctiiiiiy mere was seen of him till a w.^ek aftciwards, when he entered my room with his face wreathed in smiles, and laid down an elabc! ately-adorned bride-cake that must have weighed ten pounds. ' Married, of course i' I said to him. 'I should think so,' he replied with a self -satisfied chuckle; 'got a widder; the best woman in the world, / think. Off for home to-morrow. Much obliged to you and the paper. The advertisement did the thing up slick.' The gratitude of the judge was a business benefit, as he sent in the h&uisj; of mere than a hundred subscribers froai his sectioii of country. A notable death occurred here on the 10th instant, when 1'vederick Maxriott, proprietor of the well-known Ntics Letter, passeJ. iuto the world of shadows. He was an Englishman, boin at Enfield, near London, and at the tune of his decease within seven months of eighty years of age. I knew the man well during his California career, for he had been in San Fran cisco engaged in mercantile business before he took to journalism since 1849. H'is life was one of adventure. It was said that he fouaded the London Illustrated News — I give the story as it was told me — and sold out his interest in that popular weekly for £45,000, with winch he went merchandising in India and China, before gold was discovered in California,. He started the San Francisco News Letter in 1855 or155G, a mere compilation of news at first, but as his means increased, and he felt the material of which the community was composed, he made it one of the most trenchant, unscrupulous sheets that :ever left the. press. Tvo character or cause wa? safe ficni attack by the incisive pens of his writers if there was money enough to move them ; and it wras well known his editorial columns were open to all comers who cliooe to pay for making a parade of their antipathies and personal grievances. There could be no mistake about this, in fact, for the cut of a cash-box was placed at the head of his paper, with the motto, ' Our principles,' .and kept there for many years. He -laughed . at all things, sacred and profane, and took particular pleasure in attacking the Catholic Church. He recruited his writers from the clubs, men of leifaure, who wrote more for the gratification of their own feelings, or to get even on an enemy, than for pay. He would pick up au unfrocked priest occasionally, well, educated, but ditsipated and irresponsible, and work his brains till exhausted, and then coolly bid him good morning. What became of liiin he knew not nor cared. What became of any of his writeis was a matter of no consideration to him. A more cold-hearted, unscrupulous, thorough business man never undertook the task of money-making. He succeeded reasonably ?well, and considered the several floggings he received by parties assailed in his columns as incidents of journalistic life. He despised the world'sopinionjustasmuchastheworlddespised him ; and the sharpest among them when they undertook to use 'the old man' generally opened their eyes on the fact that they -were fooled to the top o' their bent. Marriott must have had some good qualities, but you cannot find any one to admit them, and there fore no regrets follow him to his grave. He died of a disease not uncommon jit his years called senile gangrene. A curious ar.d cruel ease of spirit rielusi i j came to light last week. The deluded waou.i is an aged aiid wealthy widow, -worth 103,0)) dollars, and the de'luder a female media m. The widow, whose name is Sleeper, was niai-s to believe that her daughter, woo'disd. ag=*i six. had grown to woman's estate in the spirit wcrid, aftd now desired to revisit her mother. If the latter v.-ouid call at the medium's rooms tLe IoL-g-lcst daughter would 'materialise' so that the aged parent might see her in the fieth again. Will it be believed that this poor old wcn:£n fell into so plain a trap, and that pfce irghtly visited the medium's den to em- . l:i ace and hold conversation with the suppositi tious daughter, who was no other than tiie medium herself disguised. In the coarse .of time the daughter informed the doting, old wcrr.an that she intended to marry a spirit called Prince Otto, and she must ' put up' for a wedding feast, the guests at which would be compos-ed equally of spirits and those yet in the iieth. Ihe fond and foolish mother did. so, and the scene at this spirit, wedding beggars description. Among the noble ghosts repre sented to be present were the queen mother of the grocm, the Empress Josephine, and Albsrt, Prince of Wales. It was an awful farce ; and sensible people are beginning to enquire if these 'spiiit mediums'. cannot be suppressed as a common nuisance. On investigation it was found tbe medium had Mrs. SJeeperso com pletely in her power that the old lady intended to make her sole heir to her property. The Christinas season, now upon us, is not as busy a one as expected for shopkeepers and business men. The number of those who. pur chase seasonable gifts has, as I am informed by sorce dealers, fallen off materially, and the articles bought are generally inexpensive. Contraction in business is ths cause assigned for this and the scarcity of money in the haxds of the general public. Of course costly presents will be made by a few plutocrats in the community, but as a rule diamonds and gold and silver trinkets are avoided by persons of narrower means in favor of articles of utility that minister to a more useful purpose tHan merely exciting pride and vanity. It is surprising how many long faces one meets on the streets at this festive season, and -I never before realised so fully how utterly without interest is Christmas tide to disappointed and moneyless men. I say disappointed, because I am convinced one cause of the trouble is the recent change in the national administration. Ithasblanked ' the prospects of a great many. The theatres have not done much' during the month. ' Nana Sahib,' ' a version of the romantic military spectacle produced in Paris by Sarah BernhaixLt and M. Dainala, the- text in this instance being written by Mr. Barnes, of the Call, was produced at the Grand Opera House. It is a noisy, florid spectacle, founded on Kana's adventures at Cawnpore in 1857-58. The trouble is that in staging the piece it was overloaded with business, and its story obscured in places by the smoke and blood. 'Private Secretary' did a good business at the Baldwin, and will be revived for Christmas week. The next attraction will be the Emma Abbott Opera Company. Leavitt's Gigantic Speciality Company is at the Bush-street Theatre, and the Standard Minstrels at Emerson's. Emerson himself, with his World's Show Gompany, will open- the Cali fornia next week for a short season. He talks of making a tournee of the Australian colonies with a good company in the near future. 