THE LANDING OF THE FIRST AUSTRALIAN CARDINAL (BY OUR SPECIAl, REPORTER.) Returning amongst us with a twofold title to our veneration and affection — coming back to our shores not alone as Archbishop but as a prince of the Church — bringing with him, for our honour, the highest glories of ecclesiastical rank and dignity — what marvel that his Eminence the Cardinal should have received a magnificent and fitting welcome ! A year ago, when the Arch bishop, in obedience to the command of the Holy See, came to Australia, the Catholic people of the whole colony, generously joined by those of several of the other colonies, gave a public reception to his Grace as one whom they honoured as a distinguished prelate — a reception so remarkable for its grandeur and its whole hearted earnestness, that surpassing it seemed almost beyond possibility. In every sense of the term, the happily memorable event of September, 1884, was a truly great demonstration of Catholic faith and Catholic devotion, and this beyond question; yet a still higher point of splendour and enthusiasm was reached in the celebration of the Cardinal's landing. Bishops, priests, and people went out on the water to greet the first Australian Cardinal, and having brought the Cardinal from his ship to the shore with such honours as rarely fall to the fortune even of princes, his Eminence was conducted through crowded streets to the Cathedral amidst a popular demonstration of admiration and goodwill, joined in by all classes. No element of cordiality or of gracefulness, was wanting in the attractive cere- monies so admirably arranged and so success fully carried out on Wednesday last. The event was a grand one, and the Catholics of Australasia — for the celebration was not confined to our own colony — rose to the occasion ; the demonstration having a double significance — first, as a merited tribute to the new Cardinal himself, and secondly, as an expression of gratitude and approbation in the most public form to his Holiness the Pope for his gracious act in bestowing for the first time so eminent a distinction on an Australian prelate. It was a thrilling spectacle that procession of steamers in the harbour — a striking picture when the Cardinal appeared for the first time in the attire of his rank to acknowledge the ovation with which he was greeted on entering the Heads. Who could help contrasting this magnificent dis- play with the scene of fifty years back, when two strong arms rowed a little boat to the shore, and the first missionary bishop having all Australia as his charge, was met by only four priests ? All who took part in Wednesday's celebration were evidently in earnest, and the cheers which went up from the first steamer that saluted the Cardinal on board the s.s. Liguria just outside the Heads, were taken up and repeated over and over again, without a second's cessation, first by the heavily- laden steamers of the flotilla, then by the crowd at the Circular Quay, continued with unabating en- thusiasm all along the line of procession to St. Mary's, and subsiding only in the clash and clang of the Cathedral bells, when his Eminence entered the sacred edifice. But two things more than all others heiped to make the demonstration thoroughly representative of the whole of Aus- tralasia, — representative of the sentiments and the feelings of the whole of the colonists— and these things were the friendly and sympathetic interest manifested in the reception by our non- Catholic brethren, and the presence of the Bishops of New South Wales and three of the neighbour ing colonies. Dr. Murphy, the venerable Bishop of Hobart, "the patriarch of the Australian hierarchy", who has worn the episcopal purple with honour for forty-five years, left his own diocese to meet the Cardinal at Mel- bourne, just as he had met him on his first arrival as Archbishop, and accompanied his Eminence to Sydney. The Bishop of Adelaide, Dr. Reynolds, came all the way from South Australia; Bishop Cani, from Rockhampton, Queensland; Bishop Murray, from Maitland; Bishop Lanigan, from Goulburn; Bishop Torreggiani, from Armidale; and the youngest of the Bishops, Dr Byrne, from Bathurst. In the congratulations, too, Sydney was not alone, for there were delegates from the various dioceses of the province, and representa- tives, lay and clerical, from the other colonies; so that the celebration had a thoroughly national character. This was as it should have been, for the Holy Father himself distinctly stated that the honour conferred by giving the Cardinal's hat would be shared by all the colonies. Alto- gether the reception, beginning amidst the picturesque scenic beauties of the harbour, and ending in the majestic solemnity of the Cathe- dral ceremonies, was well worthy of the colonies, and worthy of the cultured Churchman who wears his distinction with a double grace, having been raised to the rank of Cardinal for his ser- vices to religion and education, and for having proved himself, in the words of the Sovereign Pontiff, :a zealous and devoted son of brave and holy Ireland." The Orient Company's s.s. Liguria, under com- mand of Captain Conlan, left London on the 16th and Plymouth on the 18th Sept. It was the Car- dinal's special desire to return to Sydney in the Liguria, and as on the occasion of his Eminence's first trip to Australia in this splendid steamship, Captain Conlan and his officers did everything possible to make the passage comfortable and pleasant. Some good angel must have followed the ship, for from first to last everything was favourable and fortunate, and everyone on board appeared to be in good health and spirits all the way out. The Orient Company had the Cardinal's apartments on board specially fitted up. The large cabin used as a study and sleep- ing-room by his Eminence had the fixtures upholstered with cardinal plush, and the dra- peries were ' of red damask and gold. The oratory opposite the Cardinal's apartments had a pretty little altar, and the sides, draped with white, were decorated with religious pic- tures, a large coloured representation of the Sacred Heart being placed immediately above the altar. Besides this oratory, the Rev. Father O'Callaghan had a portable altar in his cabin, and, as a rule, nine Masses — the first, generally at five, 'were celebrated every day. His Eminence's Masses were said at half -past seven on week days, and seven on Sundays, and the religieusas on board invariably attended. On Sundays there was always regular religious service on deck for Catholics and Protestants, and the congrega tions at the half-past eight o'clock Mass on these occasions generally numbered some eighty persons, including the captain. Some hours were devoted every Sunday morning to ' rigging tip the chape 1-' as the sailors termed it, and what with flags, bannerets, ornaments, flowers, and pictures, the sailors, aided by the Sisters, managed to arrange a very pretty chapel. On these public occasions, the Cardinal always presided, and on the first two Sundays his Eminence delivered discourses of an appropriate character. The celebration of this Mass was Father Collins' s duty, and the congregation showed a devout spirit, which lent additional solemnity to the Holy Mass, celebrated as it was under such peculiar circumstances. Among the Catholics on board who took a special interest in the religious devotions were Dr. Maziere Brady and Mrs. Brady, from Eorne, Mr. Henry Austin, junior, Mr. Edmond Power Dowley, C. E., and Miss Cairns. When the ship called at Naples, his Eminence Cardinal Jacobini, Prefect of Propaganda, came on board and had an interview with Cardinal Moran. The heartiest good feeling existed among all the passengers, and with fine weather and smooth sailing all the way to Australia, it may be easily imagined that the passage was a delightfully pleasant one. The priests and Sisters had no difficulty in gaining the friendship of the other passengers, who showed the nuns in particular every kindness ; and the scenes on deck with the picturesque groups of Sister3 here and there — the Faithful Companions in their dark robes, the Little Company of Mary in their blue veils and crimson girdles, and the Sisters of the Sacred Heart in their becoming black and white bonnets— were as novel as they ?were pleasing to witness. The gallant captain had even more cares and responsibilities than he had on the memorable passage last year, when he brought Dr. Moran to ?as as our Archbishop, for he had in his keeping ? during this remarkably happy trip, besides the Cardinal, an exceedingly large number of priests and religeuses. When the Liguria left London tie following were among her passengers : — Fox- Sydney — Tlie Very Eev. Dr. P. Murphy, ex President of St. Kieran's College, Kilkenny ; the Very Eev. Malachy O'Callaghan, CM., President of Castleknock, Dublin; Eev. Anthony Boyle, CM., of St. Vincent's, Cork ; Eev. Peter Byrne, diocese of Clogher; Eev. John J. Byrne, of Clonliffe and Propaganda ; Eev. Joseph Farrelly, ?of Holy Cross ; Eev. Mr. Eugene Hurley, eoclesias -ticai student, Maynooth; Eev. J. Collins, return ing to the archdiocese. For Melbourne — Eev. Father E. Fitzmaurice, of Maynooth. For Eock Jiampton, Queensland : Eev. Father Henri Mouton. For the diocese of Dunedin, New Zealand — Eev. Father Nicholas Vereker. The religieuses were :? — For Melbourne — Faithful Companions of Jesus : — Miss M'Elroy, in religion Mother Francis Xavier ; Miss Hughes, Mother Ignatius ; Miss Fitzgerald, Mother Mary ; Miss Spillane, Mother Aloy sius ; Miss Scanlan, Mother Victoire; Miss Farrell, Mother Josephine. For Sydney — Little ?Company of Mary : — Miss Farrar, Eeverend Mother Mary Eaphael ; Miss Monies, Sister Mary Eose ; Miss Wroughton, Sister Mary Josephine ; Miss; Dillon, Sister Mary Pierre ; Miss Kelly, Sister Mary Pius; Miss Eosser, Sister Mary Bridget. For Sydney — Sacred Heart Nuns :— Mother Marie Amelie Salmons, Mother Margaret Josephine M'Eory. All the reverend fathers booked for Sydney accompanied the Cardinal for the Archdiocese, Fathers O'Callaghan and Boyle being the first members of the Vincentian Order who have come to Australia. The six Sisters of the Little Company of Mary (Nursing Sisters) are to be established by his Eminence in the metropolis, and the nuns of. the Sacred- Heart are for the convent of the Order at Eose Bay established a few yesrs ago. Father Fitzmaurice left the ship at Melbourne to go to Ballarat, Victoria. The Faithful Companions also left before they reached Sydney, having to join their Order in Eichmond, one of the Mel bourne suburbs. At Adelaide his Lordship the itight Eev. Dr. Eeynolds and Archdeacon Eiissell joined the ship, and at Melbourne, by way of compensation for the loss of the Sisters, his Lord ship the Eight Eev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart, Tasmania ; the Very Eev. Dean Beechinor, of Launeeston, Tasmania; the Very Eev. Dr. O'Haran, Administrator of St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney ; and the Eev. A. J. Walsh, of Burro wa, Diocese of Goulburn, N. S. Wales, became pas sengers for Sydney. It was the privilege of the Bishop, priests, and people of Adelaide to offer the Cardinal the first welcome when the s.s. Liguria touched South Australia. The ship arrived about 4 o'clock on Wednesday week, at Semaphore, Adelaide, and a special steamer conveyed a large party, including the Bishop, Dr. Eeynolds, from the pier to the Liguria. The deputation included Archdeacon Eusrell, Dr. Byrne, Dean Kennedy, Father Har den, S. J., Eev. F. Polk, S. J., Eev. George Williams, Bev. Father Gondolfi, Eev. W. Unsworth, Eev. Father Prendergast, Eev. M. O'Sullivan, Eev. M. O'Eegan, Eev. E. O'Brien, Eev. J.Maher, Eev. T. Gorgerson, the Eev. M. O'Brien, Messrs. A. A. Fox, M.L.C., C. C. James, M'Crory, Hayman, J. J. Leahy, Dignam, Noonan, and Whelan. Ar rangements had been made for the reception of the Cardinal at the Cathedral by Bishop Eeynolds, and a large congregation assembled, but as it was found that the Liguria would only make a stay of a few hoxivs, it was decided to present the ad dresses on b)ard. The priests remained on the Liguria' till the sailing time for Melbourne, and Dr. Eeynolds accompanied his Eminence. It was expected that Melbourne would be reached at 4 o'clock on Friday afternoon, but it was 8 in the evening before the Liguria was berthed at the Williamstown Pier. A considerable crowd was assembled at the Pier, and the safe arrival of the ship was greeted with hearty cheer ing. Bishop Murphy, of Hobart, Tasmania; Bishop Moore, of Ballarat, Victoria ; and Dean Bsechinor and several clergymen went on board -to offer their congratulations to his Eminence. 'The Very Eev. Dr. Fitzpatrick, and the Very Eev. ,iDr. Corbett, Father Kennedy, S.J., and other Melbourne priests paid their respects totheCardi vzial' ; but no one attended on behalf of his Grace the . Archbishop of Melbourne. The Cardinal was will ing to land and assist if necessary at St. Patrick's' Cathedral, but as there was no one to receive him : officially, he did not consider it desirable to land. The non-attendance of Cardinal Moran at St. Patrick's Cathedral on Sunday caused great dis appointment. An announcement having ap peared in Saturday's papers the cathedral was crowded, and the congregation included a large number of Catholic ladies and gentlemen from Sydney, who were specially interested. The service was an ordinary one, and there had evi dently been no preparations to have any grand music or ceremonial in honour of the expected presence of the Cardinal. The absence of Car dinal Moran was the theme of general comment, and rumours that the cause was traceable to some discourtesy and inattention on the part of the Melbourne ecclesiastical authorities gave rise to unpleasant and even painful feelings. It was expected that his Eminence, who arrived on Friday evening, would have received the hospi talities of Archbishop Goold's palace during nis stay in Melbourne ; but when it was found on Sunday that the Cardinal had not landed, the opinion naturally prevailed that there had been some serious misunderstanding. Some thirty or more Catholic gentlemen from Sydney, who attended St. Patrick's Church on Sunday morning in the hope of seeing his Emi nence there, had, it is understood, arranged to assemble after the High Mass and formally pre sent their congratulations, and being disappointed they decided to form a party and proceed by train in the afternoon to the Williamstown Pier, where the Liguria was berthed. The party, composed entirely of Sydney gentlemen, was cordially received by Cardinal Moran in the principal saloon of the Liguria. The Very Dr. O'Haran, who arrived from Sydney overland the prievious evening, introduced the deputation. Among the gentlemen present were the following : — Mr. James Toohey, M.P. ; Mr. D. O'Connor, 1VLP. ; Alderman Hart, Alderman M. J. Con Ian, Mr. William Hughes, J.P. ; Mr. John Hourigan, J.P. ; Mr. ? John T. Toohey, Mr. W. P. Manning, Mr. F. J. M'Carthy, Mr. P. J. Hourigan, Mr. T. Fox, Mr. A. Farrell, Mr. P. O'Connor, Mr. E. Fennelly, Mr. J. Burke, Mr. M. Fennelly, Mr. J. T. Donovan, of the Sydney Freeman's Journal, Mr. P. O'Toole, Mr. James M'Shane, Mr. John Melliday, and Mr. J. J. Eyan. Speaking on behalf of the gentlemen present, Mr. D. O'Connor, M.P., said that a number of Roman Catholics of the Sydney archdiocese, taking advantage of their accidental presence in Melbourne while the Cardinal was making a brief stay before proceeding on to Sydney, were desirous of greeting his Eminence and of con gratulating him on his elevation to the cardina late. The gracious act of the Pope in conferring such a princely distinction on the Archbishop of Sydney marked a new epoch in the history of the Australian Church. It was with sincerest pleasure that, as a few of his Eminence's flock, they assembled that day, and it would, he was sure, be gratifying to his Eminence to know that this greeting was but a feeble prelude to the magnificent welcome awaiting the Cardinal Archbishop in his own See. The reception to take place in Sydney was a worthy one in every re spect, and not only the Cardinal's own faithful Catholic fiock in Sydney, but all sections of the community, were joining in the rejoicings and celebrations, all regarding the elevation of the Cardinal with pride and exultation. On behalf of all present, he (Mr. O'Connor) desired to express his feelings of pleasure and gratification in having been thus privileged to approach the Cardinal while on his seturn from the Holy See, bea.ring his new and illustrious title ; and he (Mr. O'Connor) felt that he was only representing the sentiments of the whole archdiocese of Sydney in wishing- his Eminence very many years of hapjji ness and prosperity. Cardinal Moran in reply, thanked the gentle men for their thoughtful kindness in going to so : much trouble to pay him this unexpected com pliment. He certainly did not think to find so many familiar faces at this stage of his return to Sydney. He was surprised for he' imagined that they would be so much engaged over the Parlia mentary elections that they would not be able to give him any attention. Their kindness that day was very cheering to him, and taken as he was so completely by surprise he really did not, after listening t.o such eloquent and generous words, ; know how to express his sentiments of gratitude for the welcome given him. The honour which the Holy Father had conferred on. him was a mark of high favour and esteem for the Church in Aus-; tralia. The Holy Father had Avitnessed with admiration the progress in so short a period of the Catholic religion in this part of the world, and his Holiness wished to show how he appreciatod the happy results of labour and sacri fice in Australia by giving this dignity, giv ing it as a pledge and a promise that in the; future the Church in Australia and its institutions would be clothed with all the religious spendoiir of which the Church and people were worthy. ? All the members of the deputation then person ally received the Cardinal's blessing. The Car dinal expressed a wish that all his visitors would remain on board and dine, but the gentlemen were anxious to return to Melbourne by train, and gracefully declined the graciously tendered invitation. During the interesting, proceedings not the slightest allusion was made to the unpleasantness that had arisen in another quarter. A deputation of the Hibernian Australasian Catholic, Benefit Society waited upon Cardinal Moran on board the Liguria on Sunday morning to present him with a congratulatory address. The deputation consisted of the officers wh'ose: names are attached to the address, accompanied by D. O'Callaghan, district president; F. Davis, D.O.P. ; John Whelan, district treasurer, and several past officers and members of the Metropo litan and suburban branches of the Society. The presentation of the address took place in the first saloon of the Liguria, and the following clergy were present : — The Bishop . of Adelaide, the Vicar- General of Adelaide, the Eevs. Dr. Collins, Dr. Murphy, H. Moreton, J. J. Byrne, P. Byrne, N. Vereker, J. Farrelly, and E. Hurley. The members of the deputation, who appeared in regalia, were introduced to the Cardinal by the Bishop of Adelaide, who said that he had had practical experience of the Catholic spirit of the members of the society, not only in Adelaide, but also in Victoria and the other colonies. They now came to greet his Eminence aa loyal children of the Catholic- Church, and he was sure that in the future as in the past they1 would be a credit to themselves, to the Churchy and to the commonwealth. ?' The address, which was beautifully engrpssed, and decorated with the armorial bearing of the Pope and Cardinal Moran, the motto, of the society, and other emblems in keeping with the sacred calling of the recipient, was then read by the secretary as follows :— To His Eminence Cardinal Patrick P. Moran, Archbishop of Sydney. — May it please youv Eminence, — We, the officers of the Executive Directory of th Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society, take this opportunity to felicitate your Eminence on the exulted diguifcy to which it has pleased our FToJy leather Leo. XIIT. to raise you, ' Son of holy Ireland,' in placing- you among the princes of the Church. Your devoted zeal, your exalted piety, your profound and varied learning, your untiring energy in the interests of religion, and especially of religious education, has not escaped the watchful eye of the Supreme Pontiff, and in raising you to the Cardiualate he has given a manifest proof of the appreciation in which he holds those exalted qualities for which your Eminence is so re niarlinble. But the high honour conferred on your Eminence is not merely a personal honour. It is a national- honour. It has placed this new and Nourishing country on a level with many more ancient lands, and the first announcement of the joyous news drow forth, not only from the Catholics of Australia, but from every class of the community, expressions of sincere grati fication, as well as expressions of gratitude to the illus trious Pope who has given the first Cardinal .to these dis tant shores. In conclusion, it is our sincere and heartfelt prnyur that your Eminence may long be spared to preside over the destinies of this young and vigoi'ous Church in Australia. On behalf of the Society of this and the adjacent colonies, we are vour Eminence's obedient and loving children, — John Bittleii, Chief President; John Kkvs, D. C. President ; Jambs Clarice, C. Treasurer ; Ed. L. Nolan, C. Secretarv. Executive Chambers, Hibernian Hall, Melbourne, .Nov. 1885. The Cardinal thanked the deputation most cordially for the expression of the sentiments set forth in their address, and afterwards con versed with several of the gentlemen present upon matters relating to Ireland. Population, .he said, was decreasing, especially in the inland towns. The value of battle, corn, and butter was so low the farming was becoming unprofitable, in fact, the French were even now sending potatoes to the Irish markets and underselling that native product. He said that the great desire of the people was for an Irish Parliament that could make laws to suit the peculiar circumstances of Ireland, and he believed that in the course of time the desired concession would be granted. He inquired as to the progress that is being made with the building of the Hibernian Hall, and handed to the secretary a magnificent carneo brooch (representing the Saviour's Head), which was blessed and brought from Borne, as a dona tion to the building fund, and suggesting that it might be disposed of by art-union. On Sunday afternoon his Eminence, accom panied by Dr. Eeynolds, went across the bay to Brighton to pay a visit to Archbishop Goold at his palace. The visit was a very short one, the Cardinal being absent from the Liguria barely an hour. The good-bye to Melbourne was said shortly be fore three o'clock on Monday, and with a parting cheer from the crowd on the Williamstown pier, the Liguria steamed off on her way to Sydney. Tuesday- afternoon and Wednesday were most agreeably spent, the decks never being deserted for a moment, so glorious and exhilarating was the weather ; and Wednesday evening being the last occasion for social ; meeting, the saloon was more than usually animated and cheerful, with the Cardinal, the two Bishops, and a group of ec clesiastics at the centre table, and the ladies and gentlemen, the priests and Sisters, here and there, some chatting, some playing chess, some writing, and others reading, with the musical ripple of the piano and the glitter of the electric lights help ing to make things pleasant. On Wednesday everyone was up to enjoy the delights of a lovely and genial Australian morning, and it was re marked that this, the last day of the passage, opened more beautifully than any of the rest. Everyone had heard of the preparation for the great demonstration in honour of the Car dinal's return, and everybody shared in the curiosity, and calculations as to the exact time the ship would enter the Heads were the order of the day. It was a felicitous and remarkable circumstance that the day was the Feast of a Cardinal-saint, St. Charles Borromeo, and the religious significance of the coincidence was not lost sight of. The Cardinal himself offered Mass and gave Holy Communion to 1he Sisters in his oratory, and Masses were also said by his Lordship of Hobart, his Lordship of Ade laide, the Very Eev. Dr. O'Haran, Dean Beechi nor, and several of the other clergy. After; breakfast, the seclusion of the cabin had no ; charms for the passengers, and with the delight fully pleasant sunshine and the ship speeding;; along at her sixteen knots, yet moving- as gently as a river barge, it was no marvel that almost; everyone kept on deck with eyes turned towards Sydney. The Cardinal remained on deck for a considerable time, and amidst the good-hurnoured '. mingling of ' the cloister and the world' his Eminence had a pleasant word for all. . , ? Almost precisely at one o'clock the Heads were reached, and the s.s. Lady Bowe/, crowded with people, and dressed from stem tp stern with -bunt- ing1, steamed out past the Ligura, and g-ave the: first broadsider of cheering, the compliment being acknowledged by the Cardinal from the big ship. The Lady Bowen had been hired by the Holy, Family Sodality and the Catholic Total Absti nence Association, and there was something ap propriate in these societies, which were founded in. Sydney by the Cardinal, being the first to wel come his Eminence back. Another steamer well loaded put in an appearance immediately after wards, and when the Liguria got 'well inside the harbour, and stopped for, a while, steamers came; towards her from all points of the compass, until she was fairly surrounded. The Hibernians and the A. H. C. Guild gave1 vent to their feelings in a most enthusiastic manner as their steamers passed by the Liguria, and the Cardinalboth bowed and siniled his thanks for the ovation. The steam e l Geebung was the next that came under notice, and the motto displayed in. huge letters, ' Viva la primo Qardinale cV Australia,' was read with equal curiosity and pleasure from the Liguria. The reception committee on the Prince of Wales and the clergy and the Bishops of the Province on the Mary next paid their respects, and the cheering and other manifestations of pleasure were of a very hearty character— the beaming faces not being less expressive than the waving of hats and handkerchiefs. His Eminence was much touched by the manner in which the clergy and the gentlemen of the committee greeted him, and he was scarcely less moved when tho Leverett passed by crowded with bright-faced ? children wearing cardinal sashes ; a sign on the side of the' steatneiv announc ing, in large, letters that, the, children were the Juvenile Catholic . Total Abstinence As sociation (St. Mary's). A new steamer appeared almost every moment, , and look ing about one could count some thirty or more darting hither, and thither, making ready for the marine pageant, which was part of .the reception programme. The ancient though evi dently patriotic mariner who owns the antedilu vian steam barge named' the' Azalia, which was in a prominent place in the procession at the Arch bishop's reception last year,- again came to the front with the barge painted green and an Irish flag fluttering proudly on the solitary mast. Con spicuous among the immediate steamboats was the Pearl, engaged by the Fathers and pupils of St. Ignatius' College, Eiverview, and the scarlet coats of the College Cadets gave a military aspect to- the scene. Several bands played appropriate tunes, and the Irish melodies were much in favour. The Eiverview Cadet Band, played M. Herme's march, 'Le Cardinale ;' and the'Marist Brothers' College Band, from St. Joseph's, Hunter's Hill, on board the Lily, also contributed enlivening strains. The Hon. Sir Patrick Jennings, K.C.M.G., K.S.G., . M.L.A., Colonial Secretary, was the first to board the Liguria when she stopped according ,to arrangement off Watson's Bay, and warm greet ings were exchanged by the Cardinal and Sir Patrick. It was the order of programme that the Cardinal should leave the Liguria and be taken on board the Mary ; but before this was done^ their Lordships of Maitland, Goulburn, Armidalc, Bathurst, and Eockhampton, and some of the senior clergy, including the Very Bev. J. J. Carroll, Administrator, Archpriest Sheehy, Arch deacon Eigney, Dean O'Brien, and Dean M'Carthy, cameon board the Liguria to offer their congra tulations. The Cardinal received all Avith warm cordiality, and His Eminence presented a striking figure as he stood for the first time in Australia in the stately attire of his order. His Eminence wore a black soutan with red facings, and over it the rich feraiolo falling gracefully from his shoul ders, red cincture or sash with gold tassels, red shoes, red zuchetto or skull cap, red gloves, and magnificent red hat, gorgeous with gold lace and bullion, together with the handsome cardinalatial ring and shining pectoral cross. In this attire his Eminence landed. The ring, it may be men tioned, is the gift of his Holiness the Pope. As there was no time to spare the Cardinal made all possible haste so as not to further delay the har bour procession. On appearing at the gangway to descend to the little steamer his Eminence was loudly cheered. The place of honour on the Mary, so conspicuous that the Cardinal could be seen from all the other steamers, was set apart for his Eminence, who had sitting near him, besides the Bishops of the various dioceses present, were the Venerable...Archpriest Sheehy, the Very Eev. J. J. Carroll, and the Very Eev. Dr. O'Haran. On board the steamer Mary were nearly all the clergy of this and the neighbouring dioceses. The two long hours of anxious waiting had evidently not soured the genial disposition of the ?thousands who were out on. the water to receive the Cardinal, and when his Eminence went aboard the Mary the cheering, waving of handkerchiefs, and joyful greetings were renewed with increased energy and enthusiasm. A brighter or a fairer day could not have been had for the wishing, and the harbour looked its loveliest. The sun, which was intensely hot the whole of the morning, be came beautifully brilliant, and the mist clearing away, allowed exquisite shades to play over the green hills which skirt the harbour. The chil dren on board the Leveret, attired in snow- white garments, with cardinal sashes, sang pretty hymns, after which heads were sent nod ding and feet beating time to the strains of ' St. Patrick's Day,' which was played with no end of vigour by a brass band. His Eminence looked round, on the imposing scene, and it was thus the pageant commenced. All the arrangements for the harbour procession having- been settled. Captain Byrnes, the commodore of the flotilla, gave the signal, and the Mary started off amidst great cheering in the direction of the city. It was then that the extent and brilliancy of the demonstration became ap parent. The committee, on the Prince of Wales, had the next place of honour to the Cardinal's boat, and gracefully spread out at either side, following in the i-ear, were thirty or forty other steamers, nearly all flying- bunting, and one or two carrying the green flag of Ireland. Among the flotilla were the' steamers Irresistible, Invin cible, Defiance, Balmain, St. Leonards, Admiral, Agenoria, Geebuug, Mascotte, Killarney, Maggie, Waratah, Peggy Barrett, Warung, Pearl, Lady Bowen, Caineray, Waterview, Annie, Kate, In flexible, Estrella, Muriel Bell, Eagle, Eose, and Lily. All the parishes had their special steamers with mottoes and greetings, and the various reli gious and benefit societies had their boats as well; the whole forming perhaps the largest and most imposing- marine pageant ever seen in our har bour. Coming up towards the city an excellent view of the completed gable of St. Mary's Cathedral was obtained, and his Eminence expressed his great gratification at seeing this good sign. Crowds of people could be seen on the green slope of Lady Macquarie's Chair, in the Botanical Gardens, and on the jutting points of North Shore, all doubtless watching with interest the procession as it passed. Fort Macquarie, with its lawn, was almost hidden by the immense crowd gathered at this point of vantage, and turning into the Quay a glance showed that there . ? were thousands on the ships and on the wharves waiting to welcome the Cardinal. The people on the Quay were like bees at swarming time, and to add to the animation of the scene there was a liberal display of bunting. The Tarpeian Way, which commanded a fine view of the harbour, was lined with spectators, and even at still greater heights— on the tops of the neighbouring wool stores, and in the rigging of the ships — hundreds perched themselves to have a look at the pageant as it entered the Quay. The Sydney Eowing Club, as a graceful compliment, hoisted a greeting from their shed, and the A.S.N. Company also ran tip a string of flags on their tower. The Mary, took up a position just outside the Quay, and all the steamers, as they passed one by one at either side to discharge their passengers at the various jetties, gave a grand final cheer, hia Eminence acknowledging each salute. The mem bers of the Holy Family and Total Abstinence Society were the last to pass, and they cheered in great style. When all the steamers havl discharged their freight the Mary's head was turned to the ?centre of the Quay, aud from the little boat as ?????she glided in to the Brince's Stairs nothing could foe seen but a waving sea of faces and a moving forest of hands. The wool ships Trafalgar and Dharwar, and all the craft in the quay were turned into temporary grand- stands, and lining the Quay, and on the soiiare in front ?of the Custom House, there could not have been less than twenty thousand people. Stepping from the Mary his Eminence was formally wel comed by the Sydney reception committee and the delegates from the other dioceses, and the precession having- been arranged, the Cardinal, the bishops, and the titled ecclesiastics were con ducted to the carriages i-.t waiting. A detach ment from St. Ignatius' College cadets, Eiverview, with a, file of members of A. H. C. Guild, kept the space clear in front of the jetty so that there should be no confusion, while Inspector Anderson and a staff of police prevented the crowd blocking iap the route of the procession. The Cardinal had to give his blessing to some hundred or more before he entered his carriage, and during the little delay in sending the word along the line that every* thing was in readiness, many pressed to his car . riage. Inspector Anderson held up a signal for the procession to start, and there was jet another burst of cheering. The order was as follows : — Mounted Police. Mam body of the Hibernian Australasian Catho lic Benefit Society. Society of St. Vincent de Paul. ?Christian Doctrine Confraternities. Oatholic Total Abstinence Association. Sodality of the Holy Family. Detachment of the H. A. C. B. Society. Detachment of the suffragan dioceses. Detachment of the Australian Holy Catholic Guild. The Eeception Committee. Bishops and representative clergy, in carriages. His Eminence the Cardinal. Guard of honour, composed of the Eiverview Col lege Volunteer Cadet Corps. Main body of the Australian Holy Catholic Guild. ? The Hibernian Society and the Mount Carinel branch of the Total Abstinence Association carried Siandsome banners, and there was also a bright green oannerette mrne procession. iuitne societies ?wore their regalia and insignia, and the effect was remarkably fine, the Guilds and Hibernians in their rich sashes and collars look iug particularly imposing as they passed along. The routo was along Phillip, Albert, and Macquarin streets to St. Mary's Cathedral. All alon^ the line, not only the footpaths, but 11 :u roadway, was thronged; and all the pub'!;.-, buildings, from the Water Police Court to the Mint, including the Treasury, the Colonial Secretary's Department, and the Crown Law Offices, were crowded as on a public holiday. Every house in Macquarie-street had its balconies and windows filled, and it Avas pleasing to note that all the occupants of the houses cheered and waved their handkerchiefs as the Cardinal pas sed, heated, in an open carriage, and wearing his state hat and feraiolo, just as he left the Liguria, the , Cardinal could be distinguished in the ? pageant ; and at every yard his Eminence was compelled to bow to the right and to the left, in acknowledgment of the prolonged ovation. Now and again a particularly loud burst of cheering would necessitate his Eminence removing his hat to return the salute. To avoid anything in the shape of extravagance no bands were allowed in the procession; but nearing St. Mary's the pleasant sounds -of the bells in the flag-dressed tower reached their ears, and it was amidst the mingled cheers of the multitude and the chiming of the bells that the Cardinal at length reached the Cathedral. Flags of all nations waved a wel come from the bell-tower, and some four or five thousand people in the park, opposite the Cathe dral, who had been waiting the arrival of the procession, burst forth in another demonstration ' of applause. The Cardinal's carriage and the carriages of the other bishops passed through two lines of the societies to the Presbytery, where the vesting- had to take place, prior to entering the Cathedral. . His Eminence having vested in the magnificent- cuppa marjna of red silk, . red soutan, rich red cincture, with tassels of gold, rochet of white lace, red shoes, and red biretta, returned to the Cathedral accompanied by their Lordships the Bishops in purple robes ; and at the great western door was received with princely honours as Cardinal-Archbishop. Hours beforo even tne JUiguria entered tne Heads tne uatnedral was crowded, and the scene was a magnificent one as the Cardinal entered the great building in his gorgeous robes; the choir and band greeting him with the Church's song of honour, ' 'Ecce Sacerdos Magnus,' as he entered the door and bestowed his blessing on the kneeling congrega tion. His Eminence was preceded by a cross bearer and two acolytes, robed in lace and scaiiet, and in the procession, besides their Lordships the Bishops, were the Very Eev. J. J. Carroll, Ad ? ministrator, Very Eev. Dr. Sheridan, Archdeacon Eigney, Very Eev. P. L. Dunne, O.S.F., Dean O'Brien, Dean McCarthy, the Eev. A. Ambrosoli, and the Very Eev. Dr. O'Haran,. Master of Cere monies. Kneeling before the High Altar, the Cardi nal offered aprayer in silence, and was then escorted to his throne, the bishops in their jrarple robes oc cupying places according to dignity on the opposite side of the sanctuary. The Cathedralhad been richly 1 decorated in honour of the occasion, and the sanc ' tuary with its graceful festoons, its hangings of crimson and yellow, and all the glow of the great northern window and the radiant beauty of the completed, High Altar formed an imposing picture. The throne and pulpit were ornamented with bright flowers, and the whole decorative work was both appropriate and harmonious. The large group on the sanctuary was composed of the following ;: — His Lordship Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart; his Lordship Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland ; his Lordship Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulburn ; his Lordship Dr. Reynolds, Bishop of Adelaide ; his Lordship Dr. Byrne, JBishoj) of Bathursfc; his Lordship Dr. Torreggiani, Bishop of Armidale ; his Lordship Dr. Cani, Bishop of Eockhamp ton, Queensland ; Venerable Archpriest Sheehy, Archdeacon Eigney, the Very Eev. J. J. Carroll, Very Eev. Dr. Sheridan, Very Eev. Dean M'Carthy, Very Eev. Dean Leonard, Very Eev. Dean O'Brien, Very Eev. Dean O'Connell, Very Eev. Dean ^Hanley, Very Eev. Dean Flanagan, Very Eev. Dean Kenny, Very Eev. Dean Forde, Very Eev. Dr. Hallinan, Very Eev. Dr. O'Haran, Very Eev. Dean Maliony, Very Key. J. Daltwv S.JY, Sfc. Ignatius' College, Eiverview; Very Eev. D. Clancy, S.J., St. Aloysius' College; Very P. L. Dunne, O.S.F. ; Eev. W. Kelly, S.J. ; Eev. M. Kelly, S.J. ; Eev. Father Keating, S.J'. ; Very Eev. Father Ceuloigneri S.M. ? Eev. Father Muraire, S.M. ; Eev. father Le Eennetel, S.M. ; Father Murlay- S.M. ; Father Coue, S.M. ; Father Tressalet, S.M. ;- Father .Piquet, S.M. ?; Father Cummings, S.M. ; Father Ginisty, S.M. ; Father Moynagh, Father Cal leray, Father Coonan, Father W. J. Eiordan, Father J. Hayes, Father M. H. Eyan, Father P. Eyan, Father Barlow, Father James Sheridan, Father T. O'Reilly, Father C. F. P. Collingridge, Father Holland, O.S.F. ; Father D. M'Carthy, Father Coffey, Father E. Butler, M.A. ; Father Fahey, Father Phelan, Father O'Connor, Father P. M'lnfcyre, Father A. W. Petre, Father Long, Father H. B. Callachor, Father M. E. O'Brien, Father Tranquilline, Father P. Hewitt, Father FifcKpalrick, Father Ambrosoli, Father Hanrahan, Fnthev Joyce, O.S.F. ; Father James Dunne, Father E. Walsh, and Father Joseph Coliias. The Very Eev. Dean Doyle and Fathers McCabe and Kavanagh represented the Diocese of Armidale ; Archdeacon DfArcy and Father Campion, the Diocese of Bathurst ; the Very Eev. P. Dunne, Fathers Fogarty, Carroll} and Bermingham, the Diocese of Goulburn ; Fathers V. Dvvyer, Corcoran, Meagher, J. Walsh, Gorman, Sheehy, and the Very Eev. E. Vaughan, C.SS.E,, the Diocese of Maitland ; the Very Eev. Dean Beeehinor, the diocese of Hobart ; Ai*ch deacon Eussell, the diocese of Adelaide. The Very Eev. Dr. Murphy, the Very Eev. Father O'Callaghan and Fathers Boyle, P. Byrne, J. Byrne, J. Farrelly, Mouton, and Hurley, who arrived with his Eminence, were also present. The reception committee v/as formed by the following gentlemen, nearly all of whom were present : — The Hon. W. B. Dalley, his Honor Mr. Justice Faucett, the Hon. Sir P. A. Jennings, K.C.M.G., K.S.G., Colonial Secretary ; the Hon. T. M. Slattery, M.P., Minister of Justice ; John T. Toohey, J. J. Donovan, LL.D. ; Philip Sheri dan, J.P. ; John Hourigan, J.P. ; T. C. O'Mara, F. S. Macdermott, Alderman M'Mahon, J.P. ; Thomas Curran, John F. Hughes, Francis M'Nab, ThoTuas Butler, G. C. Loughnan, J. G. O'Eyan, B.L. ; F. B. Freehill, M.A. ; Alderman T. J. Murray. J. J. Sm- uson, W. P. Manninsr, P. T. Eiley, J. L. Mullins, M.A. ; L. F. Heydon, M.P. ; D. O'Connor, M.P. ; J. G. O'Connor, V. Heaton, E. Butcher, M.P., Mayor of Woollahra ; John Bridge, Patrick Hogan, M.P. ; William Hughes, J.P. ; E. A. Norris, J. B. Olliffe, M.P. ; E. O'Farrell, M. Flemming, C. M'Carthy, M.D. ; E. F. Flanagan, Jeremiah Donovan, J.P. ; Alder man Hart, J.P. ; E. Prendergast, E. J. Hollingdale, B. M'Bride, Charles O'Neill, Henry Daly, Mat thew Byrnes, B. Mulroney, J. I. Sheerin, John F. Hennessy, James Toohey, M.P. ; Mr. Hugh Taylor, M.P. ; Sir Edward Strickland, K.C.B. ; E. J. Eubie, W. Dolman, Dr. Collins, Jas. Carroll, J.P. ; D. W, Eyan, S. Hinton, 0. Car roll, A. M'Govisk, J. Parle, J. T. Eyan, P. Hayes, J.P. ; E. Heaton, John Walsh, P. O'Doud, W. Meagher, P. Boylson, Dr. Clune. There were also present James JDaiton, JS..S.W. ; x. M. Wil liamson, M.P. ; W. T. Coonan, M.P. ; Mr. W. Edmunds, LL.B. ; and Mons. tHenri Kowalski. The following delegates were present from other dioceses: — From Maitland : Messrs. E. Hyndes, Mayor ; Dr. W. D. Power, M. Murray, G. Maher, P. J. Kerin, P. Bourke, J. Enright, John Thomp son, and F. G. Webber. From Branxton : Messrs. T. Drinan, J. Drinan, J's.P. From Morpeth : Messrs. Michael Hickey and Thomas Bourke. From Singleton: Messrs. W. Quinn, E. H. Millett, and J. M'Gtiire. From Eaymond Terrace : Mr. M. Carmody., J.P. From Windsor : Mr. D. Holland, J.P. From Bathurst : Messrs. James Dalton, K.S.G., J. Meagher, J.P., James Fitzpatrick, P. Eyan, James Gallagher, and Thomas Sinnott. From Armidale : Messrs. S. A. Donnelly, J.P., T. S. Kearney, and John Quinn. From Goulburn : Messrs. E. Gilles pie, J.P., Mayor of Goulburn, M. Coen, C. M'Alis ter, C. P. M'Alister, and P. J. B. Donnelly, J.P. The presentation of addresses was proceeded with immediately after the Cardinal had taken the throne. The Very Eev. J. J. Carroll, V.G., Administrator, read the address of the clergy of the Archdiocese, and his Honor Judge Faucett the laity address, the other addresses being simply presented by the Bishop of each diocese and the delegates. The Clergy, Archdiocese. Tour Eminence, — Thrice within the short space of one year has our sense of duty, as priests of the Archdiocese of Sydney, assembled us around your throne. On the first occasion to welcome you as our Archbishop, a worthy suc cessor to your venerable predecessors iu the See of Sydney ; again, to bid you farewell, when, at the call of the Holy Father, you hastened to the Eternal City; and now we meet once more, but for what purpose ? Not merely to welcome back our Archbishop and to offer our congratula tions to you for your safe return; more than this : we are here to-day to oiler your Eminence our loving and loyal homage iu the exalted dignity to which the Supreme Pontiff has raised you. The Holy leather choose you from amongst the bishops of the Irish Church to rule over the mother Church of Australia, and now agaiu he has selected you to ropreseut Australia iuthe College of Cardinals. In so doing, we recognize his appreciation of your personal merits, aud his affection for you ; and in raisiug you to the dignity of Cardinal, and, as such, sending you again to preside over our Church, we are fully sensible of the honour conferred upon Australia, and of tJie favour bestowed ivpon us ; and this his action binds us more firmly and irrevocably to the Holy Apostolic See. The Church of Australia hails the ad vent of your .Eminence, our first Cardinal with J03r, and with every manifestation of love and veneration ; but for us, the clergy of your owu diocese, this is au occasion of special rejoicing. 'Wo welcome you amongst us in your new dignity of Cardiual of the Holy Roman Church, and offer our con gratulations, and beg to assure you that we shall deem it an honour, as it is a duty, to labour under your guidance for tho advancement of God's work in this laud. Wishing your Eminence many years to rule over and direct us, wo are your devoted children in Jesus Christ. Signed on behalf of the clergy of the archdiocese— J. J. Carroll, V.G. aud Adm. ; S. J. A. Sheehy, Archpriest ; John Kigney, Arch deacon ; J. F. Sheridan, D.D., V.G., CallaghanM'Cauthy, Dean; P. L. Dunne, O.S.F. ; P. Las Bhnnetel, S.M. The Laity, Archdiocese. To the Most Keverend Patrick Francis Morau, Cardinal Priest, Archbishop of Sydney, and Metropolitan. — May it pleaso your Emiuence,— Wo, the Catholic Luty of tho arehdiocosc, of Sydney, approach' your Eminence to greet you with a joyous welcome on your return from the eternal city a Cardinal Priest and a princo of the Church. When the glad tiding-s of your elevntion to that hi^h dignity reached us, we, in union with the clergy, hastened to convoy to the Sovereign Pontiff the public ox press ion of our gratitude for this signal recognition of your labours iu the cause of religion, and for this additional proof of the ever-watchful interest shown by the Holy Father in tho progress of the Church in Australia. We hastened, nlso, to send to your Eminence the message of our joy ; and now that you aro again in our midst, we gladly avail ourselves of the privilege of tendering to your Emiuence, iu person, our congratulations on your being chosen by the Holy Father for enrolment amongst the members of the illus trious Sacred College. The honour thus conferred upon the person of your Eminence is reflected upon the eutire Church iu Australia ; \ and we are not unmindful tb.atkof tlio responsibilities which this lioaoui' brjugs with it, we, as members of the Church in this your Archiepiscopal See, jhavc, largo share. It is our earnest desirolthat we may fully ' realize these responsibilities; and that by an ever ready and zealous co-operation in pro moting the advancement of. our religipn.lwe may prove our selves worthy' nierab'er'ri o'f the Church iii this Archdiocese, so signally honoured in the sb'lc'otio'pt of your Eminence to be the first Cardinal of the Church iu Auoirtflia; Signed on behalf of tho Catholic laity of tho Archdiocese ti* Syd ney,— P. Faucett, P. A. Jennings, William B. Dalley, John J. Donovan, John Hughes, John Lane Muslins, John Hourigan, P. T. Eiley, Thomas J. Mubray, Jos. J. Spuuson, U. A. Norms, W. p. Manning, E. O'Fakkbll, M. Flemming, Matthew Byrnes. The Clergy, Diocese of Maitland. To His Eminence Patrick Francis Cardinal Moran, Archbishop of Sydney. — May it please yoiyr Eminence,— On behalf of the Clergy of the Diocese of Maitland, we beg to offer you oui' congratulations oh your elevation to t.ho Cardi nalato, and to iVelcome you oli your safe return to Australia, We are grateful to tho Holy Father for the honour con ferred on the Australian Church by yoiir Eminence's eleva tion ; aud we thank him for the recognition which he has given Of the services' of Irish priests aiid people' in the cause of religion in thW country, by the appointment of an Irish ecclesiastic as tho first Australian Cardiual. Iu the admissiou of yoiir Eminence into1 the Sacred College wo have evidence of the maturity td which riur youthful Church has grown; and we are glad to thirlK rJmt the day is not far distant, when her organization will be complete, aud her clergy admitted to the privilege of a voice in thu .detec tion of her Bishops, We pray that God may bless youl? Eminence with health to discharge the onerous duties of your Episcopate, to bring to a successful issue tho import ant Synod just about to be held, aud to preside for many years over this promising' portion of the Church, which is now rejoicing with one accoi'd dver the high honour your talents and virtues have brought to it, Asking your Eminence'Sjblessing, we arc, &c.; Signed on behalf of the Clergy of the Diocese of Maitland,— Thomas EnglI&'hj V.G. Laity, Diocese op Maitland. To His Emiuence Cardinal Moran.— May it please your Eminence, — We, the Catholic laity of the diocese of Mait land, acting in cordial union with those of the archdiocese and the other suffragan dioce-es, offer you, on your return to our shores, our hearty welcome and warmest congratu lations on your elevation to the Cardiualate. We look on the conferring of this, the greatest honour in the power of the Holy Father to bestow on you, as a recognition of the importance of Australia and its glorious and flourishing Church, and consequently every Catholic in Australia feels honoured in your Eminence's person, and is animated by the liveliest sentiments of gratitude to the Sovereign Pontiff for you* elevation. If the press of tho colony is a faithful index of the national feeling) the members of the other denominations are iu perfect accord with us in this respect, which is a cheering- sign of the liberality of the times. In the second place we look ou j'our elevation as a personal mark of distinction. The Holy Father is already aware of your Eminence's fervent piety and extensive learning, and must have heard of your great zeal in founding churcheSj couventsj and schools, and of your successful labours iu the cause of temperance since your arrival amongst us, aud we feel confident that these considerations had great weight with his Holiness iv raising you to your exalted position. Nor can we fail to recognize in the allusion to Ireland, in the Pope's address to you after your elevation, ' Sou of brave and holy Irela- nd,'J that he intended ? in thus honouring your Emineuce to honour Irelfttid too — that dear old land remarkable above all other, nations, from the time of Sts. Columba and Columbanus to our own time, for the number of hply and learned missionaries whom she Hits sent lortn t;o carry tne iignt or laitn ana i lie lamp ot learning to distant nations. For these reasons our joy and gratitude at your Eminence's elevation are unbounded, and our earnest grayer is that you may be spared many years to guide the destinies of the Church in this far distant laud. Signed, on behalf of the Catholic laity of the Diocese of Maitland, — Robert Hyndes, J.P. The Clergy, Diocese ok Bathurst. My Lord Cardinal, — Just one short year ago we camo with feelings of pride and joy to welcome to our Atistralian shores the first Irish Archbishop of this colony. With those feelings intensified wo come agaiu. This time to .share the high honour and privilege which is Australia's to-day, to receive the first Cardinal-Archbishop of thi3 country. We most heartily and respectfully joiu in the general congratulations which greet your Emiuence to-day, and with pardonable pride we rejoice that our Archbishop and countryman has teen elevated to the highest dignity tvincn line oupremo j. oucm ca.u uouiei: xo ono greau Pope who now rules with such power and wisdom the Church of God, we desire to express our ilndying fidelity, and to offer to his Holiness, for his high apprecia tion of your Eminence's solid virtue and rare talents, our sincere gratitude. That your Eminence's elevation to the most august and Sacred College of Cardinals may be the beginning of a a new era in which the members of this great community may be all united, if not by the golden link of true faith, at least by the silver chain of Christian love, aud that your Eminence's reign may be a' long, hapx-y, and glorious one, we humbly pray and, with the highest senti ments of respect, remain — STour Eminence's most obedient aud faithful servants in Christ. Signed, on behalf of the priests of the diocese of Bathurst, D. J. D'Arcy, Arch deacon ; John M'Aifliffe, D.D., and others. Laity, Diocese of Bathurst. Address of congratulation to his Eminence Cardinal Moran, Archbishop of Sydney, from the laity of the diocese of Bathurst. — May it please your Eminence, — It^is with feelings of heartfelt joy that the laity of the diocese of Bathurst join in the universal voice of congratulation from the Australian Church, which greets you on the oc casion of your safe return to your archdiocese of Sydney, and the inauguration of an important epoch in the history of Australian Catholicity by your resuming the govern ment of this province after attaining the exalted dignity of the Cardiualate. It is difficult for us to adequately convey to your Eminence how deeply our emotions have been stirred by this latest and supreme instance of the benign regard of our Holy Father Leo XIII. for his children in the newly-wsen Church of the South. That your Eminence should be 'ailed to a foremost place in the Councils of the Church, aud that your powers for the advancing of religion should be increased, does not seem to us a -cause for the least wonder, and it also lessens our amazement that the Australian Church should receive so signal an honour from the hands of the Sovereign Pontiff as to have its representa tive one of the princes of the Church at this very early pe riod of our history. What, we would respectfully submit, could tend more powerfully to develop the spirit of Australian patriotism than to find the advancement of our Faith keep ing pace with, or rather excelling the progress of the dear land, whether of our adoption or ot our birth ? Truly we are acquiring a history, whose most glorious pages bear in scribed the names of Borne aud Ireland ; hence, while we shall always rejoice in our own annals, we shall also rever ently preserve and hold fast to the traditions of our an cestors. We also apx-roach your Eminence with feelings of personal gratitude for the sympathy you accorded us, when you joined in our mourning for our late beloved pastor, and testified in feeling language, and by an act of princely generosity, your desire that the memory of the life-work of our first Bishop might be handed down to posterity. In conclusion, we humbly pray that Almighty God may long spare you to rule over us, and that in be holding the progress.of the Church and the spiritual aud temporal welfare of those whom Divine Providence has committed to your care, you may receive part of the reward due to your Apostolic labours, ltespectfully asking your blessing, aud tho favour of being remembered in your prayers, wo beg to subscribe ourselves your Eminence's dutiful children in Christ. — Signed, on behalf of the laity of the Diocese of .Bathurst,— James Dalton, K.S.G. ; John Mkacuiek, J.P. ; James Fitzpatrick, George Cun ningham, Francis M'Kenkey, William Geo. Stephens, F. B. Kenny, James Kklahkr, Maokco Guerin, C.E. ; E. H. Parker. The Clergy, Diocese oi' Goulbukn. Most Eminent Lord Cardinal, — The Bishop and clergy of the diocese of Goulburn beg leave to apin'oaeh your Eminence with profound sentiments of respect and venera tion, and to offer you our warmest congratulations on your return to Australia invested with the dig'nity of Cardinal. Fourteen months ago it was oar priviloge and our joy to unite with our brother priests throughout tho colouy in offering you our felicitations and our homage on coujing to take possession of the metropolitan see of our adopted country. During these fourteen months, we beg leave to assure your Eminence that, iu common with all the Catho lics of Axistralia, we. rejoiced in the convincing proofs, afforded by your great zeal and learning, of the wisdom which inspired the Sovoreigu Pontiff to select you as our Metropolitan, and which scorned to mark you out for the highest dignity reserved for the most gifted sous of the Church. The occasion of its first Cardinal reaching the shores of Australia, makiny his first public entry into his cathedral church, is ouo which should evoke from every Australian Catholic heart the warmest feelings of pride and gratitude. Iu placing your Eminence among the princes of the Church, we recoguize not only a tribute paid by the Holy Father to your great learning and indefatigable zeal, but an honour conferred on our young Church. Your selection by the Supreme Pontiff as a member of the Sacred College adds the last link to the golden chain which binds our Australian Ciiurcli, etill in its infancy, iu indissoluble union to tin? most august senate tnat exists upon the earth. It place* it on a level; with th:e most venerable and illustrious ? hierarchies of the old world. It exhibits almost as a sen sible reality the cherished doctrine of union with Rome, and drriws closer and more firmly the ties of love and . duty which will over bind her youngest daughter to the mother, tile mistress and mother of all the churches. But to us; youi? Eminence, beside?! your r high rank and sacred character1, possesses special claims to esteem f.rid affection. In your poi'son the sacred dignity comes to us not only investing one whOffo blood is kindred to our owu, but ttni* whose whole life illustrates those exalted gifts which we ate especially bound to honour, and which it should be our ainbltiton as priests to imitate, Eiinctif fled by every virtue which becomes the ecclesiastic, adorned by all the accomplishments of tlio Christian scholar, and en deared by all those personal qualities which, make virtue amiable and lend grace aud iuflueucfl to learning. We, therefore, joyously salute your Eminence, and pray that the Giver of all good gifts may long preserve you in health and happiness for the propagation of His holy religion, for tho advancement of Christian education and sacred science, and for the glory and edification of the Church, — (Signed) PatMiok Dunne, V.G. Thk Laity, Diocese of Goulburn. May it please your Eminence,— On behalf of the Catholic laity of the Diocese of Goulburn it is my happy privilege to be selected to present to your Eminence in a fow brief sectonces the unanimous feelings of joy aud gladness which fill our hearts on tho aus picious occasion of your safe return to the shores of Australia. We desire in the first place to express our grateful thanks to Almighty God for his merciful pro vidence in jtfe&OT;'viug your Eminence from the dangers to which you have bctfrt exposed since your departure from Sydney, and in restoring' you, we hope in perfect health, to the people committed to fonf especial care, as well as ta those of the continent; and in the secoud place we wish to thank our Holy Father, Pope Loo XIII., for tho signal tinfl especial mark of his love towards your Eminence per-, sonailyj ,«nd towards this distant outpost of his universal empire dkpfoyed in your elevation to the Cardinalate. Iu that great aud Utippy event we rejoiced when the news reached us to-day we ir!ay be permitted to renew our joy . as being privileged to behold with our eyes the living embodiment, the full reality of ihe fact. Words fail us to- adequately express the tumult of joyful emotions, which it calls into existence. The inhabitants of these colonies aro in comparison only a handful of 'people scattered over a vast oxtent of territory situated at the ond of the world, yet though our ordinary surroundings are plain and primi tive, we are, by the good providence of, God.Jplaced on a level with time-honoured nations, inasmuch as we now possess a hierarchy, including a prince of the Church; Wo will not weary your Eminence by further reflections onbux' favoured spiritual condition, and the wonderful growth of Christianity which that condition implies, but will conclude by thanking God for having sent you from the lionje beyond the seas, the island of saints and doctors eyen to this day; the fruitful parent of missionaries aud martyrs, whose history, long buried in the gloom of prejudice and oblivion, you. have laboured successf ulty to revive and illustrate ;~ and also ftfr having sent before you, mostly, from the same sauehiary, tbe illustrious prelates who surround you to day, and the self--dnnying priests whosa labours have by God's blessing in a great, measure prepared the way for the glorious spectacle, now abcait to be seen for the first time in this Southern world, the great National Council of Australia, over which your Eminence will worthily presido, and which you wiil, by Divine inspiration and aid, guide to au Ia3iie commensurate with the momentous questions to be considefed and decided.— I remain, my Lord Cardinal, on behalf of she laity of the diocese of Goulburn, your Eminence's faithftU servant and devoted son, Edward GlLLESPIE. Thk Clergy and LaitY, Diocese oi1 Akmidam:. To the Most Be v. P. F. Moran, Cardinal Archbishop of Sydney.— May it please your Eminence,— Some time ago, we, the clergy aud laity [of the Diocese of Armidale, pre sented ourselves before you to welcome you as our Metro politan. We now come to congratulate you on your safe return, and wish you from the depths of our hearts many years to enjoy the eminent dignity to which you have beau raised. The feelings of pride and pleasure with which we first greeted you have grown and strengthened .with your acquaintance, so that now in the happiness of your pre sence amougst us, and in gratitude for your elevation to the Sacred College, we offer you hearts overflowing with, joy, enthusiasm, and love. That your worth has been so ' xmmistakably proclaimed ; that through your election the Queen city of Australia has heen raised to such proud pre eminence in rite Catholic world ; and that in the distinc tion conferred on yourself and your See Australia has been given a place in tho highest and inmost councils of the Church, must certainly be a subject of intense gratifica tion to every Catholic within these shores. We feel that tne bestowing or sucn a dignity ou so wormy u son of St. Patrick conveys, besides the acknow ment of your personal worth, it, recognition of the zeal and devotion of tho Irish, priests and people, which enabled your gifted and illustrious predecessors to establish aud develop the Church you found ou your first arrival. Great indeed were the labours, ardent the zeal, and bril liant the gifts of the two lamented prelates who ruled over the See of Sydney ; .but had they not thcr co-operation and assistance of the priests and people of Ireland, their effords would have been fruitless. Tendering therefore our most sincere thanks to him for this sisnal favour and craving your Eminence's blessing, we remain, — E. Tosreggiani, J. J. Doyle, V.F., J. O'Sullivan, P. J. O'ConnOE, Dean, J. H. Doyle, F. Joachim; John Trim, S. A. Donne^t, T. B. Fitzgerald, W. J. Trim. The Hibernian Society of New South Wales. To His Emiuonce Patrick Francis Cardinal Moran, Arch» bishop of Sydney and Primate of Australasia':— May it please your Eminence, — We, the undersigned, for, and on on behalf of, the Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society of New South Wales, with the deepest feelings o£ gratification, most respectfully beg to approach your Eminence and representatively express our satisfaction at your safe arrival amongst us, and offer you our heartfelt congratulations on tho high dignity our Holy Father Pope Leo XIII. has been pleased to appoint you, our beloved countryman, the first Cardinal beneath the Southern Cross. It is, and will ever remain, green in our memories the great favour accorded us by our Holy Father a few months ago in appointing you, whose sympathies and aspirations arc so closely allied to that noble and devoted race from which the majority of us have sprung, to the Archbishopric; of Sydney, and which then afforded us the pleasing oppor tunity of welcoming you to this our adopted land. . .But how much greater is the favour' conferred on us now by his Holiness in appointing and sending you back again to us as one of the highest dignitaries of our Church, thus affording us the opportunity of again welcoming you with a hearty ' cead mille fiiilthe.' To us, who have felt your solicitude for our spiritual and temporal welfare, your merited elevation to the Cardinalate is particularly pleas ing ; because it not only sets the seal of recognition on your past services lor Jb aitn and lratlienaud, uut also indicates that your pure and unselfish life, your devotedness to your sacred mission, and the high administrative ability that has marked the discharge of your episcopal funotious have . received their just reward. 1'our untiring zeal and powerful advocacy at both euds of the earth against the demon of intemperance adds, if x)os' sible, another lustre to the dignity and worth of your illustrious name. It would seem the climax of egotism in us and as absurd attempting to describe the many dis tinguished qualifications with which your Eminence so pre eminently adorns your exalted position, as to attempt ' to gild refined gold, to paint the lily, or to throw a perfumo on the violet.' We therefore in conclusion again rejoice as chiluren of the ' One Fold' iu the safe return of your Kmiuence, and fervently pray the Giver of all lifomay long spare yours to lay deep and strong the foundations of the '? One Faith' in this tlio land of our adoption.— Philip Stapleton, D.P. ; Henry Connelly, D.V.P. ; Francis O'Kourke, D.T. ; H. E. Kelly, D.S. ; Cornelius Sexton, Michael Etas', Jambs Murphy, D. Trustees. Catholic Total Abstinence Association. To His Eminence Patrick Francis Cardiual Moran. — May it please your Eminence, — We, the members of tho Australian Catholic Total Abstinence Association, desire to offer your Eminence our warmest welcome and congratula tions on your sufe return to Australia. You will be pleased to hear that during your absence ourSocioty, guided by the rules you had laid down and by tho wisdom of your exhor tations in the sacred cause of Total Abstiuenco, has been steadily progressing as evidence of which we may mention, that several new branches have beon opened, whilst the members of those already established have been consider ably increased. Wo feel deeply grateful to the Holy Father for the honour he has conferred on your Eminence, and through you on this fair laud, in. aduntttiug you to a place in the College of Cardinals; and coining as you do from the tbe centre a civilization — from ' Borne of tho Soven Hills ' — bearing with you our banner blessed by the hands of Christ's true v icar, we feel every hope iu the futures for the success of a movement so specially dear to your heart. Assuring you of our increased dovoteduess and loyalty, we pray God that yeu may lengjbe spared.to lead us in grappling with the appallieg evil of intemperance. Signed on behalf of the members,— Edward F. O'Connor, Chaplain; J. I. Sheekin, Hon Sec. ; Edward Fbnnklli, Sou Treasure!} Jvzx Bbidcm?, Whlia* WwrcajujB* t Society of St. Vincent De Paul. : , ' The title of tho poor to our commiseration is their poverty itself. We are not to inquire- to what: party or gect they belong.'— St. Vincent's Manual. Society of St. Vincent do Paul, Circumscription of Sydney, New South 'Wales, to his Eminence the Most Eevorend Patrick Francis Cardiual Moran, Archbishop of Sydney find Metropolitan, ' Pelegat© Apostolic, &c;— May it please your Eminence, — We, the members of the Society of St. Vincent de Paul in Now South Wales, weleoina and congratulate you -with all our hearts, on the occasion of your return amongst us as a Prince of tho Church. Pilled with gratitude to his Holiness Pope Leo XIII, for raising you to tho dignity of the Car dinalate, we are deeply grateful to him also for promoting Australasia to a more exalted rank amongst the Hierarchies of the world. Tour Eminence Trill be glad to learn that the progress of the Society has been most satisfactory during your ahsence from the colony. When you took charge of the Archdiocese in September, 1884, there were only four Conferences in existence in Sydney ; now there are ten established, and others in course of formation iu Sydney and elsewhere, and the poor ai'eheing assisted to the extent of about £1,000 per annum. This success is at tributable to the hlessings of Divine Providence, and the encouragements received from your Eminence and the clorgy at large. Wo trust these advantages will be continued to our dear Society till it is able to extend its ramifications in many forms of charity throughout the length and breadth of Australasia. In conclusion, we pray the Almighty to shower upon your Eminence His choicest blessings, and to spare you. long to reign over us. Signed by the Board of the Particular Council, on behalf of the brethren of the Society within the Circumscription of Sydney, New South Wales,— Charles O'Neill, President ; John Bridge, W. J. Cracknell, Vice-Presidents j F. S. Macderhott, Trea surer j J. J. Spruson, 3?. J. Cahill, Secretaries. Hall of the Council. St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney, 4th November, 1885. The Tasmanian Address. The Most Eminent and Most Revei-end Lord, Patrick Francis, Cardinal Moran, Archbishop of Sydney a,nd Dele-, gate Apostolic. — May it please your Eminence, — Not many months have passed since we, the Bishop, priests, and laity of the diocese of Hobart, had the honour of expressing in an address to your Eminence our joy at your appointment as Archbishop of Sydney and Delegate Apostolic for Aus tralia. With Btill greater earnestness we beg1 to approach your Eminence' on this occasion, in order to express the joy of our hearts and to tender our warmest congratulations on the elevation of your Eminence to the princely dignity of Cardinal of the Holy Roman Church. Your Eminence's many and nohle virtues, learning, and varied abilities, con tinuous and successful labours on behalf of the Church of Jesus Christ, cmld not escape the notice of the Father of the Faithful, who in decorating you with the Roman purple has desired to tender you a special proof ot his ajjpreciation of your personal worth. His Holiness has also deigned in the allocation delivered on the occasion of conferring the great dignity upon vou to address you as ' the son of brave and holy Ireland ;' and this thought that your elevation to the Cardinalate is in tended as an honour to the fair Isle of the West, so clear to us all, induces us again to rejoicn with you, and to con gratulate you as a Sou of Eiiu called to the Councils of our Holy Father. But his Holiness has very poiutedly declared that in honoitring you he desires to offer the people of Australia another instance of his great love for them, and it is especially as the first Australian Cardinal that your illustrious name will be enrolled among the pastors of the Church in these southern lands, and as such we tender your Eminence our heartfelt congratulations. Wo feel sure the desire of his Holiness, ' that the Christian reli gion may flourish in this distant laurl, and gain greater growth from day to day,' will be fully realized, and the joyous welcome already acc-inJed yonr Eminence oil your recent arrival in Sydney, is ui earnest of the co operation of the clergy aud laity on the g-reat labours you have undertaken for promoting the welfare of Holy Church in Australia. With rene-»-d congratulations we beg per . mission to kiss the sacred purple, aud reinaiu your Eminence's devoted servants,— Daniel', Bishop of Hobart, on behalf of self, clergy, and l.uiy of tli« diocese of Hobart. These ceremonies over, his Eminence entered the pulpit and addressed the vast assemblage as follows : — Dearly Beloved in Christ, — Returning to-day to the beloved flock entrusted to me by the Good Shepherd of Souls, it is my first duty to lift up my heart in thanksgiving to the Father of all mercies and the God of all consolation, in that without any merits of mine He has been pleased to guide my steps, and to lead me back once more in safety amongst you. It is my next duty to convey to all the faithful of this diocese, to the clergy and the laity alike, the sincerest expres sion of my gratitude for their devotedness in pro moting every work of religion and charity, of which during these months of my absence they have given abundant proof, and for their constant affection towards myself, as shown forth in their uninterrupted prayers to Heaven in my behalf, and in that more than royal welcome which they have this day accorded me. I have been absent indeed from the diocese for a much longer period than I. could have wished, but I do not think I err when I avow that I have been ever present with you in spirit. There were many fatigues and anxieties inseparable from the duties that devolved on me during the past months, but I trust that they shall be fruitful of blessings to the Australian Church, and I endured them with contentment and joy, because they afforded an opportunity to promote, in some small measure at least, those spiritual interests which are dearer to me than life itself ; but I must not forget that there, are many besides my own spiritual flock, who, with unparalleled enthusiasm and affection, have desired to welcome the first ?Australian Cardinal comingr to these shores. To all I beg to tender this- grateful expression of my sincerest thanks. The Holy Father, Pope Leo XIII., in conferring the dignity and privilege of Cardinal upon me, has proclaimed to the world the special favour and' affection' with which he regards the whole Australian 'Church... Other missionary countries have attained this dignity only after long years of. spiritual 'fruitful- ness. The 50 years that have elapsed since the first Vicar Apostolic landed upon oiir shores are only a short span in a. people's history, but the present illustrious Pontiff, ever watchful over the interests even of the remotest missionary lands, has not failed to recognize that, in this favoured continent of Australia, the church has already, like the forest oak on congenial soil, cast deep its roots, and, growing with steady and -stately ? growth, has begun to display beneath the South ern Cross the full vitality and vigour of the ages of faith. Henceforward the church of Austrafia, arrayed in the virtues of her children, shall be privileged to hold a place in the highest councils of the Holy Church, and to take her rank side by side with the most venerable nations of Christen dom. Providence has never failed to raise up great Pontiffs to meet the requirements of the age in which they livej and the* present suc cessor of St. Peter is no exception to that golden rule. Despoiled of the temporal sovereignty of those states which have been justly styled the patrimony of religion and charity, he no longer enjoys the freedom that is required for the complete discharge of his sacred duties ; but, though he is a prisoner in the Vatican,. his master mind, enlightened by the Spirit of God, has not failed to grasp the manifold wants of society in our own days, and by those sublime encyclicals which, replete as they are with Heavenly wisdom, bring us back to the golden age of Innocent III. He has endeavoured to awaken tho conscience of men to the anti-Christian lawlessness, the cor ruption of morals, the spirit of revolution, and the revived paganism that prevail in many parts of Europe, and threaten to undermine the very foundations of the social fabric in the old world, Looking towards this southern continent, he sees here a different .. order of things— a new world boundless in its wealth and material resources, its people devoted to the cause of freedom, yet full of energy and earnestness in every pursuit of thrift and industry ; men clinging to the Chris tian traditions of the home countries untainted by the spirit of anti-social associations, cultivat ing religion, charity, and peace, and recognizing that the Catholic Church, like everything else that is honourable and good and true, has found a congenial soil in the free institutions of these colonies. He has wished to mark his apprecia tion of Australia's singular merit by conferring upon this land of promise one of the highest and most distinctive privileges which it is within his domain to bestow. In so far as the Cardinalate re lates personally to , myself it imposes many new obligations, whilst it reminds me of renewing my earnestness in the faithful discharge of all the sacred duties of the episcopate which long ago devolved upon me, of devotedness to everything connected with the spiritual interests of my flock, of fidelity in upholding the cause of Christian truth, of undying attachment to the See of Peter, the immoveable rock on which the Church is built, and of promptness to spend myself in toil, and if needs be even to the shedding of my blood, in defence of the principles of morality and Chris tian virtue, the only solid foundations of social order and civil life which it is the mission of the Catholic Church to uphold. Among the grave responsibilities conferred upon me, not the least is the duty of presiding at the Plenary Council of all the Australasian bishops, which, in accordance with the benign wishes of the Holy Father, will be held in this Cathedral of St. Mary's in a few days. The Apostle of nations, though divinely commissioned to preach the Gospel, yet asked the prayers of the faithful that God's blessing ^ ould be with his sacred ministry. 'Writing to the Romans he says, ' We beseech you especially, brethren, through out Lord Jesus Christ and by the charity of the Holy Ghost, that you may help us by your prayers for us to God' — 'Romans xv. j and, addressing the Ephesians, he cries out, ' Wherefore take ye up the whole armour of God, that you may be able to withstand in the evil day . .. . with all prayer and supplica-' tion praying at all times in the spirit, and watch ing thereto in all perseverance and supplication for all the saints, and on my behalf — that speech may be given us that we may ojjen our mouth with confidence to* make known the mystery of the Gospels for which we are ambassadors.' — Ephes. vi. Animated with the spirit of charity in .the early Christians, you too will pray to God that His divine Spirit may be with me and the assembled prelates throughout tha approaching plenary council, to control our deliberations and to guide our decrees, that till our proceedings may promote the greater glory of God, the pro pagation of His Church and the salvation of souls, so that throughout the whole extent of the great Australian colonies, all that is of evil may be rooted out, and all that is of peace, piety, and virtue may abound. The Divine Redeemer Him self, the one Shepherd of the true fold, im parted to the Apostles His ©wn heavenly mis sion to be to the end of time the true' shepherds of souls. He gave the words of divine truth upon their lips, and set the seal of Heaven /upon their ministry, and commissioned them to be throughout all ages the light of the world and the salt of the earth, unfolding the blessings of redemption and imparting the graces of God's mercy to His children. The Church bearing this mission from our blessed Lord was destined, even on earth, to be clothed with the beauty of God. The prophet Isaias had foretold that all men ' shall see the glory of the Lord and the beauty of our God' — xxxv. 2 — 'and the Re deenirr in the divine prayer which He breathed to the Father when going forth to accomplish the work of redemption, declared that 'The glory which Thou has given me I have given to them, that they also may be one as we are one.' — John xvii., 22. It is in a special manner when her bishops are assembled in council in the fulfilment of the Divine mission assigned to them, that the Church of Christ is presented to the world, arrayed in all this heavenly comeliness. The mission given to His disciples by our blessed Lord, and perfected on the first Feast of Pentecost by the descent of the Holy Ghost, was flestined to be the inheritance of His children throughout all time, and has been handed down in an un broken succession by the bishops of the Catholic Church. It is as complete and authentic to-day as at was when the apostolic sound first . went forth, throughout the whole world. It has not been shorn of a single attribute, and now as 18 centuries ago it continues to be the birthright of holy Church in her episcopate to teach the truths of holy faith, to instruct, and to exhort the children of Christ ; to correct abuses, to combat error, to root out vice, and to foster in every land the seeds of virtue, piety, and religion. Every day in the the Creed we repeat the articles of our faith that the Church is One, Holy, Catholic, and Apostolic. Each of these her disti n .o attributes is strikingly brought before. iu- ui . h.o.v councils. It matters not from what climate or what people her bishops may have come. It matters not where they may assemble. It ixay be, as in our plenary council, that they came from Italy, Spain, France, England, or Ireland, each one loving with intensest love the land of his birth. They may meet in Dublin or Baltimore, in Paris or Cologne, in Milan or Munich, in Westminster or Sydney, but whencesoever they may come, or wheresoever they may meet, v all will derive their jurisdiction from one spiritual force. All will feud their flocks at the same teachings of heavenly truth/and all appointed by the Holy Ghost to rule the Church of God' will partake in its pleni tude of the one episcopate, divinely instituted on earth. There is no uncertain sound in their teaching. They may speak in different tongues, but all have the same language of divine faith. The same- sacramental -graces are dispensed to all. The same holy sacrifice from the rising to the set ting of the sun is offered to the Most High, giving glory co God's name. Above all, one is the authority which we all obey, the supreme authority of the successor of St. Peter, the re presentative of our blessed Lord, on earth, the divinely strengthened bishop, for whom the Re deemer prayed that his faith shall never fail, and whose special commisaion it is to feed the lambs and sheep alike, and to impart light, and strength, and blessing, and consolation to all his brethren. What shall I say of the sanctity of the Church? For what purpose is ifcthat her bishops assemble in council ? Is it for matters of wordly interest or political intrigue ? Most assuredly not. The civil State attends to its own affairs* and is quite independent within its proper sphere. The Church does not intrude uponiits domain. We am not indifferent, indeed, as to the administration of the temporal government. We pray that the light of the divine wisdom may be the guide of those who hold in their hands the reins of power, that throughout these great colonies every bless ing may abound— that the laws may be just, may tend to the preservation of peace, the promotion of true happiness, the increase of industry, sobriety, and useful knowledge, and may per petuate to all classes of our fellow-citizens the blessings of equal liberty. The purpose for which the 'bishops assemble in council is to deliberate upon the best means for promoting the sanctifi cation of those entrusted to their care, and for building up the spiritual edifice of the holy Church. The Church ia styled in the sacred Scriptures the ' kingdom of heaven,' the ' city of God,' the 'Temple of the Holy Ghost/' the 'body of Christ,' the 'bride of the Lamb.' The apostle writes that 'our Saviour de livered Himself up for it, that He might sanctify it, having cleaned it by the layer of water with the word of life that he might present the Church to Himself, a glori ous Church, not having a spot, or wrinkle, or any such thing, but that it should be holy and without blemish. (Ephes., v. 25.) The Bishops meet in council to carry on that divine work of our blessed Lord, sanctifying His children, and guard ing them against every approach of error, every assault of vice. It is. especially in the councils that abuses are corrected. Should any such per chance have crept into particular dioceses, salu tary laws of discipline are enacted, and all the faithful . are stimulated to ascend higher and higher in the paths of perfection. In a word, the true mission of the Christian episcopate is, ful filled to enkindle the fire of divine love in the hearts of men, to sow the seeds of virtue, to preach the gospel of mercy to those who are in the dark ness of sin, and to spread out the sacred tents of Israel among the people and nations who know not God. The councils of the Church are the record of her catholicity. The pastors will re present different, it may be conflicting, nationali ties. But high above all earthly senti ments is the ennobling devotedness, com mon to them all, by which they are prompt to sacrifice themselves and everything, and all that is theirs, to the sacrifice of our blessed Lord and to the sacred interest which He has entrusted to them. They guard the whole deposit of divine truth. The doctrines of faith which are proclaimed at this extremity of the world will not be found to differ in one tittle from those that are taught in every church throughout Christen dom. The very name of Catholic is one which none other can assume. St. Cyril of Jerusalem, as early as the year 347, instructed- the faithful, 'When you go to any city, do not ask merely for the hoxise of God, or merely for the church — for all heretics pretend to have this: — but ask which is the Catholic Church, for this title be longs to our Holy Mother alone ;' and he adds, ' It is called Catholic because it is throughout the whole world from one end of the earth to the other, and because it teaches universally and completely all the doctrines which ought to come to men's knowledge, and because it subjugates to the true religion the whole race of men, both governors and governed, learned and unlearned, and because it uni versally treats and heals every sort of sin, and possesses in itself every form of virtue which is named both in deeds and words, and every kind of spiritual gift.' (Catechet xviii., 27.) The standard of the Cross under which Bishops meet is the same which the Apostles received from Christ, the same that bore the brunt of the per secution in the early centuries, waa the glory of so many Christian nations in the day of their triumph, and in defence of which the fathers of many of us did not hesitate to joyfully shed their blood. St. Irenseus, as early as the second century, declared that 'the Church, though spread over the whole world, guards the truths of faith assiduously as though living in one house, and these truths she uniformly holds as having one soul aad one and the same heart, and these she proclaims and teaches, and hands down uniformly as though she had but one mouth j for though throughout the world the languages are various, still the force of the tradition is one and the same. And neither do the churches founded in Germany, nor those of Spain or Gaul, or the East or Egypt or Africa, nor in regions in the middle of the earth, believe or deliver a different faith ; but as the sun in the heavens is one and the same throughout the universe, so the preaching of the truth shines everywhere and enlightens all men that wish to 'comb to the knowledge of the truth.' So, too, the Apostolicity of the Church is shown forth. The pastors of the Church do not. instruct the faithful with the mere persuasive words of human wisdom, nor do they rely for their commission on any wealth or powers or authority that this world can give ; they teach as heirs of the Apostolate on which the Redeemer set His divine seal, and the lessons in faith, morals, and discipline which they impart flow through them from the fountain-head tipon earth, the one Apostolic source, the See of St. Peter. St. Irensxsus, whom I have already cited, proclaims that Rome is the chief, the head and first of all the Churches, the greatest, the most ancient and most renowned, founded by St. Peter, the Prince of the Apostles, and his companion St. Paul; the Church which by its own. right ??' presides and rules over all the rest, and with Avhich it is neces sary that all the faithful should be united by bonds of one and the same faith and communion. When our divine Lord in words of eternal truth announced, that He was the light of the world, whomsoever folio weth Him walketh not in dark ness, and as the Apostles are partakers in His mission to be the light of the world, may we not reverently add that whomsoever follows in their footsteps shall not walk in spiritual dark ness, but shall be inheritors of heavenly light and life? I trust that the council which we are about to celebrate in this cathe dral shall be found worthy to find plaee .beside the other plenary councils which have marked the history of the Church in the other older nations of the Christian world. We have no new doctrine to propound, we need only repeat the lessons of faith which have been handed down to us by our fathers. It will be our endeavour to correct abuses and pluck out germs of. evil that may be found within our reach, and to preserve, per petuate, and perfect everything that is just, andi virtuous, and holy. In the discipline of the Aus tralian Church such alterations shall be made asj. the wisdom and the experience of the prelates may suggest, or the condition of things may require. The disci plinary rules which guide the- . rude beginnings of a missionary church can not be supposed to suit the present stage of the growth of religion amongst us; and were I not to endeavour to develop and perfect as far as circumstances ma,y permit the ' beauteous sym metry of ecclesiastical organization throughout the Australian provinces, I feel I would' be unfaithful to the duty the Holy Father hao im posed on me. The Church celebrates to-day the festival of St. Charles Borromco, the model of pastors, who did so much in the dark days of th(J 16th century to revive the vigour of the ecclesias tical discipline, and who is justly honoured throughout Christendom as the most perfect pattern given to the Church in latter times of the shepherd of souls. May the example and firm yet gentle rule of this great prelate be my .-guide,.,, and may his patronage before the throne of God accompany me whilst I endeavour to lead those entrusted to my care in the heavenward course, that thus I may with them receive, at the hands of the Prince of the pastors, the eternal reward prepared for us. The Cardinal was escorted back to the throne., and the choir, under Mr. Hallewell's direction., sang Romberg's noble ' Te Deum ' with telling1 effect, Mrs. Riley, Miss Stafford, Mr. 'Barrett, -aud Mr. Hallewell singing the solo parts. At the conclusion of the hymn of thanksgiving, his Eminence the Cardinal ascended the steps of the High Altar, and amidst a touching and beau tiful scene gave his benediction. The prelates and other ecclesiastics then left the sanctuary, his Eminence having the place of honour in the long and imposing line, and presenting a noble figure as he passed along arrayed in his gorgeous robes, the great cape of red water-wave silk being carried by two little train-bearers. While the ecclesiastical procession was leaving the Cathe dral the full choir and band raade the whole edifice ring with the jubilant strains of the Hal lelujah ChoruF, from the Messiah, thus appro priately ending the brilliant festival. In the sacristy and in the courtyard his Eminence was besieged by men and women and children, all anxious to kiss his hand and receive his bless ing, and it was with difficulty he escaped to the presbytery. ? The anxieties of the day-and the inconveniences of long waiting were all forgotten when immedia tely after the ceremonies in the church, the Car dinal, the Bishops, the priests, the committee, the delegates, and a number of prominent Catholic gentlemen, altogether a company of two or three hundred, sat down to an elegantly prepared din ner in St. Mary's Boys' School. The school for the occasion had been transformed into a bril liant banquet hall, and the assemblage, with the festive surroundings, formed a very pleasing spectacle. Mr. J. J. Callaghan of George-street was the caterer. His Eminence presided, having on his right Bishop Murphy, the Hon. Sir Patrick Jennings, Colonial Secretary, Bishop Lanigan, Bishop Reynolds, Bishop Cani, Archpriest Sheehy, Dr. O'Haran, Dean Kenny, and Dean McCarthy, and on his left Bishop Murray, the Hon. Thomas Slattery, Bishop Torreggiani, Bishop Byrne, Very Rev. J. J. Carroll, Very Rev. Father O'Callaghan, (Vincentian), Archdeacon D'Arcy, Archdeacon Rigney, Dr. Donovan, and the Rev. J. Collins (the Cardinal's travelling secretary) . It was generally understood that there would be no formal lists of toasts, the the speech making would con sequently be confined entirely to the day's cele bration. His Eminence the Cardinal on rising was honoured by a great ovation all present joining in the cheering and applause, which lasted a considerable time. His Eminence after gracefully referring to the great love and reverence that had been that day mani fested in his regard, said that he had in an especial manner to thank, both in his own name and on behalf of the Archdiocese of Sydney, all the illustrious prelates who had graced the assemblage with- their presence. They were all his dear friends, and some of them old and tried ones, and he would call on the company to drink to their health and happiness. Dr. Murphy, the senior Bishop, was called on to reply, and in pleasant speech expressed his joy that he had lived to witness this great day in the Aus tralian Church. Bishop Murray, who spoke next, was loudly cheered, and the Bishops of Adelaide, Goulburn.iBathurst, Armidale, and Rockhanipton each received an ovation. Their Lordships all spoke in a tone of gladness, and Bishop Murray then in felicitous language proposed- 'Health and many years to the Cardinal,' a toast which was received with the most generous enthusiasm. The Cardinal responded in fitting terms, and gave the toast ' The Reception Committee,' speeches in reply being made by the Very Rev. J. J. Carroll, Sir Patrick Jennings, and -the Hon. Mr. Slattery. In'- bringing the entertainment to a, close, his Eminence said ho regretted that the lateness of the hour prevented him proposing the health of the delegates who had helped so much by their sympathy and kindness. The whole demonstration passed off in a manner highly creditable to all concerned ; and to the members of the executive committee, the thanks of the entire Catholic community are due for carrying out everything so creditably and so successfully. The Hon. Secretaries, Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran and Mr. J. L. Mullins, had their hands full for many weeks before the reception, and on Wednesday they were relieved of all anxiety by the zeal and good management of Mr. J. J. Spruson, Ml1. M. Flemming, Mr. John Hughes, Mr. R. A. Norris, Mr. E. O'Farrell, and Alderman T. J. Murray. The principal work in arranging the procession to the Quay, and attending to the delegates from the other dioceses was allotted to Alderman Murray, and he, with three or four equally active officers, saw that everything was done in proper time and in proper style. Mn. T. M. Slattery Minister for Justice, was one of the committee for the reception of the Cardinal. Seeing that the boat had some time to spare at Watson's Bay, he very thoughtfully asked the captain of the Prince of Wales to land the {committee and delegates at Watson's, Bay where he ordered refreshments. This thoughtful act was- much appreciated, and Mr, Slattery 's i health was heartily drunk, ... ,: ,vi 