? w AN ADVENTURE IN THULE. [By William Black, the author of 'The Princess of Thule,' 'Madcap Violet,' &c;, &c.J; Chapter VI. They lonned a picturesque group there on the summit of the level plateau — the smaller lad stirring up the smouldering portions of the bonfire, the elder heaping on broken planks and sticks, the young girl standing apart and sometimes watching them and sometimes scanning the now darkened plain of the waters whence she understood that help was to come ; while as the masses of roaring fire waxed or waned, the long black shadows moved on' the greensward and the rocks. .remaps, inaeea, ic was tneir tending or tne bonfire that prevented the lads from keeping a sharp look-out ; at all events it was neither of i them that first discovered that people were j coming to their rescue. They had had the ! bonfire blazing for nearly an hour, when I suddenly the young lady came to them and I eagerly said something, and pointed towards 1 the sea in the direction of the mainland. I Both of the lads withdrew from the glare of j the bonfire and peered into the darkness with ; eyes that were well accustomed to descry distant objects. 'Well, now,' said Colin M'Calmont, with ! some mortification; 'it will be a strange thing I if a French lady can make out what I cannot make out; but there is not anything that I ; can make out between here and the land.' 'Your eyes are blind with the fire, Colin, and so are mine,' said his companion. 'I i wish I could ask her what it is.' ' 'I see it ! I see it ! it is a light !' exclaimed ' M'Calmont, with involuntary eagerness. Then j he immediately checked himself. Through- ; out he had spoken as if their rescue was a i matter of course in order to keep up his , companion's spirits. He was not going to : betray any extraordinary surprise, or delight, i or thankfulness now. So he continued in a ; tone of cool criticism — j ' Well, now, Archie, that is a strange sort : of light. Your father has a lantern for the ?; dark nights ; but that is not a lantern at the ' masthead at all. It is very low down, and it is red.' ' Maybe it is a torch at the bow,' suggested Archie Livingston. ' ' And you will be making a very good guess that time, Archie, for now lean see the sparks ; . and the sparks are dropping like sparks from a squib. Oh, this is a fine breeze, to be sure ; : and your father's boat is as quick a sailer as : any one on the weBt coast of the Lewis. I should not wonder if they could hear us now.' : Herewith he gave a tremendous long, slow howl, such as the shepherds use when the dogs are far up on the hill. But there was no response. i 'They will be too far away yet,' said his companion. 'Indeed, Colin, it is not I that am sorry we have not to stay another night on the island. It was terrible. The cries ? ' I 'They were the cries of the French lady, : that was all,' said the elder lad. 'To think i they were the cries of ghosts ! Tell me this, i Archie — if you can see through a ghost, and if a ghost can go away into nothing, where is the j throat for it to make a cry with ? It is ? your head that is full of nonsense j about ghosts and things like that. This is what I will do for you now, Archie — you will catch one of your ' ghosts and bring him to me, and I will take the knife I have for opening the mussels for bait, and I will cut open the ghost for you, and then you will be seeing whether he has any lungs, or a throat or a tongue that could make a noise. I tell you I have not as much fear of a ghost as I have of a skate. When you are cutting open a skate, sometimes he will snap at your finger. I will let the ghost snap at my finger if he can.' Whether this logic quite convinced Archie Livingston is not of much moment ; he merely said, 'It is I who am glad not to have another night on Farriakeir,' and kept his eyes fixed on the sputtering red light that ' was now momentarily coming nearer. What a wild torrent of Gaelic was poured forth when the farmer and the schoolmaster got ashore — Colin and Archie helping to haul the bow of the boat up on to the shingle. In deed, amid all these questions and exclama tions and remonstrances the worthy school master quite forgot that ordinarily he made it a strict rule to speak only in English. How could English — which is a-elow, formal, limited languages-have got from the boys a narration of all their adventures during these past two days ? But that over Mr. Livingston recol lected himself. 'Archie,' said he, in his best English, ' you was saying the leddy is a French leddy.' ' Scadh,' said Archie, and then he too recol lected himself. 'Ay, she's French, and no word of English at ahl.' ? ' Kott pless me !' said the schoolmaster, look ing somewhat distressed. And then he turned to his friend M'Calmont, Colin's father. 'It is a terriple pusiness,' said he 'to speak in another langwich when one is not speaking it for many years and years. Heh, Duncan, gif me the oatcake and the whiBkey out of the locker, and be quick about it, too. The boys are goot boys, and do not touch the whiskey ; but if the young leddy has had nothing to eat ahl the day eachans, she will hef a drop of whiskey and no harm whateffar. And whiskey »_— — — — ^— — — ^— ^— ^— '?—™'''li'''~ is a goot langwich that every one can under stand.' TUe young French lady had come down from the plateau, and was standing apart— observing everything eagerly, but not attempting~to speak. She could see t-y_ their gestures and by their occasionally looking towards her that they were telling the story, so far as they knew it. But presently Mr. Livingston, having got some whiskey in a tumbler, and carrying a piece of oatcake in his other hand, went along to where she was standing and made her a most gracious and courteous bow. Then he considered. He looked at her dark eyes vaguely (everything was lib up by the glare from the bonfire), as if he was wondering how to open communication with her. Then he said slowly — ' Mademoiselle — ici cst — est oatcake — et anssi — whiskey — tres bonpour vous ? ' But at the same instant he was evidently startled by her uttering a slight cry — partly of delight, partly of entreaty; and the next moment she was pouring out the story of her wrongs and griefs, with many piteous gestures and appeals. The schoolmaster was quite bewildered. She spoke so rapidly, so pathetically, that he did not understand a single word ; he could only vaguely gather from her piteous intonation that she had suffered injury and was begging him to be kind to her. 'Kott pless me ! Kott pless me !' he mur mured to himself ; 'it is a terriple thing to understand a stranche langwich. The poor creature ! She will pay no heed to the oatcake and the whiskey.' Then to add to his confusion the farmer came up. 'Well, now, Mr. Livingston, and what iss the matter about the young leddy ? It is the stranchest thing I ever heard of. How wass she come to Farriskier ?' ' You will see this, Dunvorgan,' (the name of the farm) said the schoolmaster, 'the French langwich is not like other langwiches ; when it iss spoke slow, then effery one wQl understand it that knows it ; but when it iss spoke quick, then no one understands it at ahl. We will get the young leddy_ into the poat, andwewilltekher back home with us; and maype on the way I will hef the story to tell to you.' When the young lady understood that she was to go into the ooat she obeyed willingly; and when she had taken her seat in the stern there was handed to her a rug made of the very finest sheep's wool, that Archie Livingston's mother had sent, thinking that the boys might have been shipwrecked and be found on the rocks with wet clothes. But indeed the night was not cold, and she merely let the rug lie across her knees. She seemed to care about nothing but having her story understood by the only one among these friendly people who knew a little of French. And when at length they had got the boat afloat again, and the mainRail hoisted, and when, in the silence of the night, they proceeded to make their way back to the mainland of Lewis, the schoolmaster managed to hint to her that if she would speak slowly, and say what she bad said all over again, he would under stand her better. This intimation she seemed to comprehend very well ; for now she began very patiently to speak to him ; and she in stantly paused when he seemed not to follow her, so that he might have time to repeat the word or to question her. 'Pless me, Dunvorgan,' said he at length, 'but this is the stranche story; and if the two lads wass not happen to be on the island it would hef been a murder, as sure as death. Poor thing ! that was to hef been marriet this ferry day. We will hef the sheriff at Styornoway to enquire into this.' ' And what 'does she say, Mr. Livingston ?' asked the farmer. ' Well, you see, Dunvorgan, it is not easy in the dark, where there iss no light to write down a word, to understand such a langwich as the French langwich ; but if I do not mek a great mistake, the young leddy was stolen away from her friends, and put on board the smack; and liitle doubt |hef I that the master of the smack wasB paid to mek away with her — inay- pe in the night-time, if there wass no one see ing. She iss from Morlaix, that iss on the coast of Brittany ; and any one that iss well read and acquented with geography and other things knows that the people of Brittany are ferry re vencheful people. But the young leddy she wass making a prayer to the master of the smack, and maype he wass afrait, or maype he thought that leaving her on an island wass ass goot ass anything to put her away — ay ! ay ! the poor young lass that wass to hef been marriet this ferry day mirover !' 'Mr. Livingston, some one will hef to answer for this ; what do you think now ?' ' This is what I think. And we will get at the story better when we hef the sheriff from Styornoway'; and the sheriff's lady — oh, she is wonderful goot at ahl langwiches, except the Gaelic, and she is not so goot at the Gaelic ; and the sheriff will be for taking the young leddy over to Styornoway, no doubt, and putting her on board of the Clansman and sending her back to her friends. And the goot heart of her ! do you know what she hass been offering to me V ' How can I know?' ' She wass wanting me to tek her gold rings and her gold watch and chain too, and to gif them to the boys for their kindness. Do you hear that, now, Colin, and you, too, Archie? But I would not hef her go away back to France, and be speaking to the French people, and be saying that the Highland people would tek money for a kindness. I would not hef any one say that.' 'That iss right, Mr. Livingston; my boy Colin would tek no money for being of help to any one. And if he would tek money, then it iss a stick I would tek to his back to gif him a little goot manners. Bnt it iss a stranche thing that the master of the yacht, if he wass such a ' scoundrel as that, wass not for stealing the young leddy's watch and other things too.' ' Dunvorgan,' said the schoolmaster, thoughtfully, 'I will tell you my opinion now — that the master of the smack wass afrait of j what he had done, and wass glad to get her i away out of the smack without thinking of j anything else. And I suppose he wass think- j ing that if he left her on JFarriskeir no one - would effer see or hear of Her again — that she ! would go mad and drown herself, maype— ay, ; ay — and ferry likely that would hef happened ; but for the two young lads — it wass a very \ stranche chance.' When they reached the shore on the other side it was close on midnight; but all the same there were near a dozen people waiting for them; and great was the wonderment among the folk when they heard the strange news. And they were civil enough not to stare the young French lady ; but they were very kind to her; and she was taken up to Dunvorgan farm, where they got some supper for her, and some tea. and gave her a bedroom all to herself — which is a luxury in those parts. And amid all this the lads found occasion to have a little talk between themselves — of course in Gaelic. ' There is one good thing, Archie, that every one is taken up with the young French lady ; and my father has not said anything about the loss of the boat.' 'And I do not think they will say anything now, Colin ; for three lives are better than a boat.' ' Butit is hard on my father, Archie, that he should have to pay for another boat.' However, as it turned out, the new boat was paid for in quite an unexpected way. For when the sheriff of Stornoway had learned all this story, and when he bad communicated with the young lady's friends in Brittany, there was, of course, a great commotion; and the two lads had to go over to Stornoway to give evidence there before some erentlemen sent all the way-over from France for the pur pose. Then the young lady left with these gentle men (though it seemed as -if she would never cease expressing to the two lads, through the sheriff, her gratitude to them), and no one expected to hear any more of the thing, except the sheriff, who knew better, Ope day Colin- M'Calmont and . Archie Livingston, with their respective fathers, were summoned to' go over to Stornoway ; to the sheriff's office ; and they went. 'I have got the reward' now, for «gfou two boys,' said he. 'What reward!' they both said at once. 'The reward that was offered in the French papers for information about that young lady when she was found to be missing.' He showed them an oblong piece of paper. 'It is five thousand francs ; do yon know how much that is V 'I do not,' said Colin; and the school master's son looked doubtful. 'I suppose you can divide by twenty-five, surely 2' said he, good- naturedly. ' That would come to two hundred pounds,' f aid the younger lad. 'Very well, then. That pieoe of paper is worth two hundred pounds; and that is one hundred pounds for each of you. If I were you, I would put it in the savings bank ; and when you grow up, it would be a fine thing for you.' ' I will not do that, sir,' said Colin M'Cal mont. 'What then?' 'I will buy a boat for my father as good as the one that was sunk — ay, and better, too. And if there is anything over, that is what I will put into the sayings bank.' 'But wait a minute, my lad. This five thousand francs is the reward offered by Mademoiselle Desclin's guardians— for she has neither father nor mother ; — but she wishes to add something to show that she does not forget your kindness to her. She wishes to be allowed to give you a boat, sails and all complete, similar to the one that was sunk, only it is to be your own. But that will do for your father as well as for yourself.' 'Surely, surely,' said Dunvorgan. 'Let the lad have the whole of the hundred pounds put in the bank in his own name. It will be a good thing for him when ho will take a farm for himself.' ' And you, Archie Livingston ; I am to buy you a silver watch. And if I were you I would sit down and write the young lady a letter in very good English. And there is another thing, Colin, my lad ; she wants you to have the boat called the Felicite— for that is her own name ; and you can have no objection to. - that.' 'Surely no, sir ; and will I write her a letter, too?' 'You could not do better. And so that is all settled. But wait a minute, my lads; I think the next time you go out to frighten the . Frenchmen from stealing the sheep at Farris keir. you'd better leave the pistol ashore ; you might get into trouble. And perhaps if the Government were to send the Jackal round that way once or twice about this time of the year that would give them a greater fright than, any horae-pistoL' So that was the end of the adventure ; and if you should happen on the west coast of Lewis to run against a smart little cutter called the F&icite;', and should wonder at the name, they ?will tell you the story there about the two boys who went to frighten the French fishermen away from Farriskeir and Rua- veg. 