COWARD CONSCIENCE!0 BY f. w. robinson (Author of " Gbandmothbb'b Money," " Little \- Kate Kibby," " Poob Humanity," &o.;) . -"0 coward noniolesos, bow dost thou affllit ma." . — uiiakespxakb uh APTBB .XI,— A Weight off. His Mind, The houf.wes eomewhet let to intrude npou a sick man'a'.ieat, but Tom Dagnell and hti cousin went softly uptei» together to Sir John' npsrt- ment. Tom ; had; promised . . that ,he would bring TT.-nla whan it had all bran Battled, batwaan tham. and that together they, would convay the nawe to Sir John, , end . ask his bleialng ,on thaii ba- trotbal, Outslda the door, Uriult slopped. : "We ere nil changing so rapidly, or letting Mide onr muk so oomplitsly, that i may ask you -low, Tom, to be your natural lelf,'.' iba uld. " Haven't i been ao? " ha inquired. 'No,' it bu been pley acting, u yon term it, with tho youoger eon la a.oharaoter uoiultedto him." "You ere en obor?ant little woman, whom nothing lesmt to eieape," (aid Tom, " Well, what have you Ken i" "An nnreal, epnemodio, tuapioious Tom Dagnell," replied Ursula, " that'e nil." " i have bora on my guard certainly," Tom oon- fessed, "i have been distrustful ot allot yon, and consequently harsh and disagreeable," . "And aa unlike youz tine self, ee winter ii to uiumer." " Thank yen tor tho compliment," he eald, klsting her is if by right ot conquest bow. " Sao, how i goniali the flatterer. Well, yee ; i ha?e been try- ig hard to he naity all day, and' toaay unpleaiant tiling, lo show that i had oome book with no in- tention ot being bonneed erer like n new boy at a boarding ichool. ' Bnt it waa all bounce. Yon ehall see tbo old Tom Dagnell to-morrow." "As you wore before the old miitakee,"ihe add. "Yes, i will obey the word of uy.inperior officer, 'Ab yon were i"' : r> " i em very glad, Tom," ibe laid, prenlng hii hand, Then they tapped gently on the panels ot the door, and waited for admittance. The ileal nurss was quiak to raspond to tha inmmoni, and ' ndmit tbe affianced pair into tha room. Tom and Urania,' hand In hind, went oyer the left carpet aud round the great lacquered aeraen to the side of tbe siek msn, lilting In the red light ot tha Sir, in the iame position aa onr hero had beheld him at an earlier hour of that nevei-to-ba-forgottan day, . i . "It la 'arranged, then," Sir John Dagnell said, with a wistful look towards Uraula, " i have promised to be Tom's wife," was Uicnla's brief anewer. ' "lam very glad," he mid. " With tbiiloid off .my .mind i iball be better now. i shell get rapidly hotter from to-nlghl." " 1 hope you' will,' father." " Mine is belief, not a hope. What iithe ne of hope?" muttered Sir John, "asve to enonurage lal.acieA" i "And tell flattering tales, as the poet leys," replied hie eon ; /' bnt etill, Sir John, i trait to eoe you well and strong again." " Ursula prays for me erery night, don't you, Ursula?" . "Yes." " Though it doeint eoem to do me any good." ho added, "Doyou prey youteelf?" asked Tom ouriouely. , 11 Of course, 1 pray hard lor my old health and itaength." "And for forgivaeen for the piat, uuole, uhuald it be in mil wise will that health and treogth ihould not return," laid Ursula aaraeitly, " VAtl Bin fat fliat. «<tn rrnamlffinil ansrlst It He seemed to cower from her' u ihe rested her hands upon the chair aud looked into bil face. "Yei, yes," he said, "but i want to forget tha past, and when you an praying about it eontinually it' an internally bard job," " Sir JohniBir John l" otied Ursula, reprovingly, " Ay, bat It ii,"Slr John aontlnuod, "u'e a pot- leqt nuiianoe, however neeemry it.may be. And ' if you have forgiven me,' Uriuia— srnd Tom too— why, the whole affair seeme iettled, to my thinking. Hut there, you haven't come to worry mi," "Heaven forbid, "said. Ursula, 1 " You bave come to eay tbr.t you are both happy — m far ae fretting about me will allow ?" asked Sir John. " i am happier than i hive been in all my life." Urtula confisied. "I have brought eon baek to you, and i am understood at last," ;; "1'btie csn ba no further . mlinnderitsnding! Uraule," said Tom, "we both know yon an tho meet unselfith ol women, Ursula ibook her head in deprecation. "No, no," she laid, " i am Hlfish in accepting you. i am terribly selfish," "Tom conld not have a belter wife," remarked the f sthtr, t " Yee, yes," replied Uriulr, in haite, "abslter, btighter, prettier, and youoger woman. i see all tbaq 1 know ell that, but there stands no one in the way between' ut, uncle, and then oan never be a living. ieul to. love him so dearly ax myself— ,'i never lb all the world i" i She took Tom'i hsnd and raised it to her lips 1 1: before he vu aware, but there was no thrill of love ; : in him that wis . responsive to her impulse. " He | wis surprised, and saddened evsn ; then bad not : Betmed a dog to love him 21 hoars sines, and now,: .. here waia woman disposed to masean idol'ot him, and to be. extravagant in her adoration, He had not mastered the position' yet, or settled down m to it— it was like a dream still. Patience, he \- should be hi a sell in time, l " You will sit up witli me to-night, Tom," said i : the father,1" i like some one to talk to me when i | wske." , "Tom hai come a long journey," suggested t Ursula, i : "Not at all," said Tom, " i am at your iirvice, flir John, and am not tired in the lease." i. v "Thai old woman oan be put in the next room,'' s : said Mir John, pointing to the nurse," 1 hate tha i Eight ol her," i "But you will go to bed ao usual," suggested i -Ursula, i " Yes, presently," he replied, " when lam tired i i will go ; but i elsop moie oomfoztably in tbe i big chair — 1 fcol less choking in it." i " You complain of dreaming badly in it too," i : said Ursula, i " i dream badly everywhere. It's devilish hard i', lo be troubled by such dreams as mine, and i .without anv lenee in them." i' "You can laugh at 'them when you are >awake, " said his son. , i "Gh, je>, lam in fine laughing trim then," i . . replied Mir John eatirically, " atier going head firit down a precipice, or falling under a railway train, -or having my thioat out by you or your mother — b . or Marcus, sometimes, by, way of a obahgs— i wake b up fit to die ol laughing, ol couiss." By "You slept wall in your bed last night," Ursula By nmirked lo the siakmao. \- " About aa well aa 1 could, with jou walking np | j md down like a ghost." .. i m .; " Ah, 1 was umettled," aaid Ursula | " Tom waa ,: ccming home, and 1 wondered what would happen -! atterwardi." i :; 'foiled acrosa at Tom, aa from tbe safe aide «. or the happy land to which they had ateered their b it 'Conns, and Tom retnrned the smile. - How quickly i he should learn to love Uriuia Dagnell 1 He wu b aie of It, Bba waa the only one who had aver v; 'Cared or lorrowed for him i i b f "i don't fanoy i ilept very well lait night,!' « fold Bir John, "and aa far dreanu wai not that b the night i wu going to be hanged?" i h " it was ths night before." , . ' R w i ilept in bsd lnat night," asid Sir John, R - w" "fo soaffold, and the urowd, aod y. ua hangman, and tba rope- round my neok, all « freoL Whan i waa aheriff i;uaed. to sea tlx h i fusing bualnsra dons aometime. Ugh i i fait h - the tops, Tom. i was 'ehokiug- withit; audwba b'f do jon think was the oanse? , That cursed old fat hi 1st me fall ulecp with my head out of i ' You know you did !" bo screamed at his h ? nu.vs !"' 'nddenly rose to urge a protest. 1 b : Yon ihiftsd, Bir Jobh,'.' she said, " before i wai ; aware of . it. It wu no fault of mlho." 'i know b j '"'isj1'? well. ;.l am a daly certiflaated-— " b « ii.'"' rf'i atop her, or i abaU : swear, '.' exulalmed br «nlght, "send her out of 'the roam,' and' leave BV'S " foyewn fleahand blood) and not with is /.hiMlinglikotbat.". i'i <. ' ! ,m lot to ;be roprovod,". laid', tbe nurte 8l nbv ly i " f am a duly oortifloated— — " . y. bv ,, , wa kl">w yon are, and we are glad of bf ald' ur,uls1' sootningly, "but bir j John li j somewhat Irrilabls tc-night." " "i ; i _- '-'And;.i ,m»ke .allowance foi . It, 'l. replied- the mv 5n,":l i always do, ; i bave lived in tho boat of ; rsmUlcB— the irriUblsst of families— but i hava h cevethesn called a omasd old - fat woman before. He's very, trying and unbearable, mtu Dagnell, he gets worse end worn." Ursula andthe weeping nuru passed into the adjoining room, an£ Bir John compoicd himself u well as ha .was able in hie chair. . " That hyena goe ta-morrow," ha aaid," i have had enough of her," " Bbe appeaia to me a respeotable, willing kind ol woman," remarked Tom. ' " That ie because yon know nothing about her," lald the father, : "Bbe is the wont: of the whole loots" we have had down hare— ail duly certiflaated too, and be demned to them." " Well, ihe it gone, and you must try and reet, father ) tbe night ii growing late," " Yon want to rest yourself, you mean !" wai the "£o ) i ean do almost without rest, Anhout'a sleep always pulls me round," "You are not going to more here for an hour, i hope," uid Sit John, somewhat alarmed at this statement, "Oh, no." "Because i would rather here Uriuia here, if that'b your idea, ah i " hs isid with a eigb, " i am need to Uriuia— ihe la the only ona who under stands my disorder— who la gentle and kind——" " And forgiving, ' added Tom. " And forgiving— yes. And no fool either, Tom,' . . " a wise woman i ihonld have thought, had 11 not been n great miataka of here to ears for me," Tom remarked aa be ast down beforo ths fire. " Yee : that ia a bit of a miataka," aaid the father thoughtfully, " There's no making out a woman when theie'i a man in quaatlon." Tom aontinned ; " philosophy's ant of gear, and 'it' a mad world, my muter,' altogether." / " you eeem to bave settled it to your own satla- futlon pretty well," eald tha queralou father. "But atil! she ia a wise woman— ehrawd and far-ieeing." >- lid. A- AO J B/I EWtMllj BtuoWB) RHU IMU1| M bUQ TBIJ Qltt ol ithingi," mntteradjBir John, opening- and ahnt- ting hii flogan atrangely aa hia handa teetod on tbo tldei of hie ebair, ana hi ayee glared at the hollow burning eaeli ; " ihe hai been too mueh for me, God knowi i" There was something in the tone of tbe father's vcic that mrraied Tom'i intarait, but hie father bad forgotten his prnenos, and waa dlipaaed to ramble in hie speech, - He wai weak and variable, thta man with whom than had bean euoh bitter quairola in the hay-day of hla etnngtb and in tbe strong daye of his injuatioe, Poor father, 'he for gave bim all wrongi and mlieonoeptlona now, and waa glad to ba at hla aide again, and at the last like this." It was .Ursula's return that distracted Tom'a attention, but failed to divert the kntghtV " i with ha would go to hie room for the night, " laid Uriuia, inawhliper. 11 Try aud puriuade him pKMntly." " He is hard to parauads atlll, i find." "At tlmca,". waa the nply j "not alwayi. Tha elaotrio bell In the wall inmmona tha nurse," j "i see," aaid Tom, "And now, good night, Uriuia ; yen are tired, i am lore," " Good night,' Tom," she replied ; " i ehall be glad to reet, and, think of thii again; and if it is tor the beet." "Why, we have iettled that," he aaid, laugh ing. " Life ii beginning, not ending, for ni," iho anawered, ihaking her head, "we drop the onrtain on the first aol, that if all," Tom started ait tbe simile— It was inappro priate on' the lipe of a reoluie, and It wu a stagey ixptomloa at the beet. They were atrangely like his ' ewn wordi, too— his own pro phecy. Ho had told Mill HUdorbraadt on board " Ihe Witah " that thia wu the end ol the first act, and now Vraula Dagnall agrud with him. But tha second aot— what waa that to bo? Was hla father , laektaft at it now with, that far awav stare In hla glasod eyas, "You will bid him good-night, Uriuia?" uid Tom. " Ha would not heir me— it would only diituib bim," wu the reply. He will look like that tor a while, and then drop off to sleep. You muit not mind bis dreamt, or what ho uya in them, Tom." "Not i." - " Yon an not a nervosa man." " Not a bit." » u he beeomee excited, a tew dropi from that phial on the mantelpiece (will ealm him whan ho' wakeo, .Good-night again," she uld, " Yon will find yoar own room ready when Sir John ia tired' ot yourattondahoa,"' "Thank jou, Good-night, Uriuia, God bleu you," . : " No-no— God bim you, Tom," oho aniweiad, ae ibe went ewfltly and noiselessly from the room, leaving father and ion together. chapter xii.— No Best Yet. j If this were' Bir John Dagnell'a ouatomary method of composing blmielf for ileep, it wu somiwhat oian< unpleasant ordar el "going for nnjone to obierTe too ofoiely. - a deep turn lot thought bad "fixed" the knight; turned bim a it were into a statue in whoae marble faee glittered two bright glaring eye, Wai it the pastor tbe future that nad the power toiubdue, thai com pletely, the man who had been 10 irritable aud batah only a tew minutes lines ? or was It all put and.pareel. of thediiaue whioh wu bearing bim, by mow, degrees, , to the world apart from'' thi, ? It was lingular to observe the auddenneiat with whioh Bir John Dignell bad paued away from' all oonsoioueseii of hla inrroundings, from tbe knowledge ol his Bon sitting theie, ot Ursula having re-entered, spoken ot bim and bidden Tom good nigbt, from the .thought of tha preieut boor and' tbo deep eoniidiratiou evan ol bia own affilotloni' —that loul'ibsorbing tbougbt by whioh he waa for ever burdened in hii wakilul momenta, Tom Dagnell ut and watohad his father closely. There wu a world of thoughts to keip tho eon wakeful ; it bid been altogeioer'io eventful a day that his brain wu heated still with contemplation ot it, He bad bad auob different ideal only 21 ; hour ago, knowing what bis father' disposition wai, and wh#t a item and unforgiving man he had alwayi been. He had some to England doubting ot any peace betwetn them even at ihe elaventb hour— and yet it had come, and 'something more than peue. Afttr all, wai it peace to the figure in the chair? — wu it aver to come to a man whose life hid been marked by much lnjaitlco, and who that very day bad owned' to tbe son what a miserable elnoer ha had been ? Was ho thinking of it itlll ? — wu it troubling his mind?— were the dream- figures of whioh he had complained rising up before bim 7 i ihhi hla been in nnlnolcv limisfl. Tom— .ilvivi a home with a blaek blight .upon it," eald Sir John, ao olearly and precisely .toat the eon leaned forward, thinking (hat his tnthir had awakened. But the ejee were glazed and'etarlng, and the face was sac and. Immovable, and corpse- like. " We have - brushed tbe, blight away for good," muttered Tom, in a. low tone, so that his father might aatch the aoawer, if ha needed one, and ure-m on undlaturbed, tf iliep ware heavy with him. The father did not - hoot ' bim.' The eyelids closed slowly over the eyas, ana the breathing became more regular, < There were to uiue-no troubled dreams for Sir Joba Daguall tbat night, Tom hoped, and the ton , might, diop off praiently to a eep upon' hla own aooount, " The timepiece on' tbemantlaabelt ticked on qaickly and buatly, and' ;Tem Dagaell'a brain cooled by degrees until there . wu a semblance of UDOoneoiomnc's upon upon: him, a faint doubt upon hia mind as to whether ha Were'iittlng in hla father'' room; " or 'curled up 'egiinatthe paddle-box of "The Witch " ateamer, out of the way of the wind and iaa-ipray, with' Uraula for .hla follow- passenger, not tue dark; youog beauty of the name of Hlf'derbrandi, "Hildebbbandt l": . Tom came to himself with' an odd pluuge for-; ward like man (tattled turn lepoae by someone shouting at him. He iht up 'and' looked sowardai hla' fattier, oartaln almoet tbat a uamu hid been c<>)led aloud whioh waa not strange' to bim, and that Bir John had given utteranoe to it. The thought tbat bad croised him in hii half lleep could not'-have magnified iiaelf to Bound uulua he bad ihoutcd forth the name bimsslf, aud -wu too at'apld to remember it. H1b father wu in tbe tame 'psMivo' Condition, be hod not moved during the tout half-hour Scored against hia' life — gaioah all live— and. he would have exhibited inme eure sign of diet re bj or exeltement, it he bad poken up in tbat ihrill key) ' And yet aomeone m art have broken the atUlucis of tbe room, for the shade over the clock wu ringing liko'a bell, the glue vibrating, as it were in unison. Perhaps that wu forioy too, or 'a lingiog in 'bia'oafi, 'though) Tom the tnetint after wnrdi, , Hr wai luil ut fuaolea to make . emend i /for the hard facts of .the last': four and' twtnty home, for he cbuld'imaglne tha ,'door 'WU opening, and tbe cold air itealing in from the cbnldor wlthout. He knew ihat be had not riaeu 'to draw the'ciiitnina aver the door, and that that might account for the ohabge of tomppratarn, but hu tiilnu htiiuoif buck in lu- hh>ij, j »un> iiu onuni lock.iound tho lacquered eoreea and uukuaure that he wu wroBg in ene partienlir, at lent. By Jove, he wu right, for the door wu wide open, and the blackness of the eerrider wu beyond it; . That wu his eouain Ursnla'ieiror.anuannnoommononeinio earefnl and methodical a woman— the had forgot ten to eloee the door leentely after bidding' bia goodnight. To think it wu epen after all, and tbat hit perseptive facultiei were eo admirably, acute i ha walked Httly out ot :the room, and peered up and down the corridor whero an oil lamp waa burning vary dimly at the farther end, near the great itaircau whioh led into the hall. There wu the nulling of a drew, too, aa of 'someone going down the 'etain, or else he "wu mistaken again,- It wu to bia mind; at Uut, singularly audible at that hour el the night, - ' He made one step along the corridor, then pauied. Well, it ; wu no buaineie of hie. ' : Tho nurse lhad forgotten a apoon, or a bundle of. firewood, ptthaps, and it would not do to quit hie father in i order to inquire why people were flitting about the pasugei that night. Hii father might waka up at the very instant, and think himself deserted : let those roam about the hoauwho wished; he ihonld knew the motive in the morning. He cloied the door and polled the curtain acrou it, free from any xeitementover a commonplace matter for which there might be a handled reuoni, and then ha paniedegain, with hii hand upon tha drapery, Carefully aa he had proueded, the rings upon the curtain rod had jingled softly and disturbed the aick man. He wu speaking now— tbe voice came from behlnd'the screen,' and waa, without a doubt, hie father' voice, "Bildcrbrandt, wi muit have meicy. Don't yon bear me— won't you hear me? Hilderbrandtl" ahonted Bit John tDagnel), . < Tom ottode to hit father'e aide. ,.8lr John wu : awake, and panting frightfully. Hia olaw.like -bands were clutching at hie throat, until he be- oame aware, of hi ion's prueiee, when they re- InvnA aiaA AnnaAaa£ knnraf Ira IbAr tofra lara wabm euu tuuyw iwhvfl/ iuw oil m|li "Oh i Tom," he cried, ".lam very glad yon ate her. i have had another of thine awful dreanu. Isn't it hard that i oen't deep in peace— iau'l It ennedhatd upon me," heexolaimed, "i aheuld imagine that 'sleeping In thla chair wu bnd for you,'riaid Tom. "You may imagine what you pleaar," repliad Bir John, " if i lie down my head alipa eat ot bed ' and hangi over the aide— joa heud me wyso." .; "Still thi chair i terribly nncomfortoble to- , night." " Shall i ring for the noise ? " "Yon may as well — -you're not much good ' yourialf," grumbled Sir John, . 11 or when you bad seen me fighting and gaaping, yon would have weka me up at once," "Shall 1 give yau lome of the medietas that ; Ursula leit here?" , "ii'a no uae," ho aniwered. "It's no euro for . these dreama of horror which get woraa and worse , and worst." ; "Thia did not last long, at any rata," aaid Tom, " How do yon knew boor long it foitad ? " in quired hia father. " Yon were sleeping calmly the moment before . yon called out," "Did i call out?" ii yr " " Whit did i say ? " he uked ouriouely. "Bomething about mercy, or. rtoommending someone to mney," " " ya, it' all one Infernal ,tnns. . i wu on the jury, trying someone tor murder— Uriuia, i think," ; he uid. " i dareaay we ehould hava oome found to the drop, u nual, lf'l had slept another fir 'mlnntae." ' "Yen mentioned the name of Hiiderbrandt In your aleep," uld Tom. " Do you know anyone of ithatname?" (to be continued.) 