CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. Tuesday. The course propor was again closed, in con sequence of tho late rain, but tho ranger had a very good track mado ontsido the steeplechase fences. Work commoncod shortly, after Bix o'clock, General Gordon and Tho H&ro; wero tho first to tako possession of tho trackB tho pair cantering and spirting. The steepleohaaer, Robin, aftor cantering, wound up with a strong turn on tho outer circle. Rosicrucian.Umberto and Astronomer wero given nico serviceable work. Conrad was treated to a round over the schooling fences, jumping in nice style; his stable companion, Donald, was similarly treated, fenoing bettor than on tbo last occasion he was tried. Douglas aud Pbcebo Walton woro given l>ug slow paoo exercise on the outer cirole. Peeping Tom put in some usoful Naif pace exercise. Idle Boy and Freetrnde did a strong once round on the sand. Defraudor can tered. Clansman got through some half pace work later on. Lando was treated to a sweat. The Owl was doing quiet e'xeroiso. Lady Ash- .: ton was alloted threo or four "turns at a good - workfng pace. Topsail, Prince Regont, Lard-: Chancellor, Dpn Giovan, and the Mavibyrnong — Nea colt were put through a mild exorcise,: tho former finishing' up with a rouud at halt " pace. General Jackson had Tho Stag for a companion, the pair doing n good ' strong round on the sand, the former . easing off, The .Stag doing another round alone. Louis, Violet, Sweot Marian, MeiodibilS and Waverly all' caiitered. Alb.mus and Velooi- - pedo were given ' a couplo of mild turns. Vision cantered once round smartly. Camel-mo, Meerschaum, Too Too, Dnlcet and Manxman II were put through mild pre paratory work. _ Po3ttioy did threo rounds at a good serviceable pace. Master Pinetou cantered, finishing up strong Vanderbilt went a couple of rounds at a good, swinging ; canter, finishing up with one good strong round, Union Jack was treated to a couplo of useful-' turns, striding homo the last half mile. Plympton and Grand Duchess wero treated to a strong five furlongs. St. Ellen was allowed ' three steady turns on the sand. Master Jobs ' was absent. -Here Goe3, Louisa Berta and ' Sydney were treated to a spin over half a inilo ; the latter seems' to be badly mouthed, as ha . runs all over the place. Ruby and Banker, a couple of jumpers from the kennels, wero senli'. good striding exercise on the sand. About two p.m. tho grass was opened according to promise ; tho track was vory slippery, thera being some heavy showers just previous. Camerine. Manxman and Dulcet were the first to avail themselves of it, the trio brushing along for four furlongs. Velocipede jumped off from the mile and a half post and went on to the mile, where he was joined liy Albanus, the pair rattling along, the Cup horse passing the win ning post threo or four lengths in front of his stable companion. Too Too ran a mile for ser viceable work. Grace Darling covered the Cup distanco, Nuncio joining in tlio last mile for a satisfactory gallop. The Ghost followed with a sharp six furlongs. Blink Bonny aud Ilippo- griff were next despatched for a useful gallop over the Cupdistance. Vision was also treated to a good gallop over a similar distance, the Cup hoi so moving nicely. "Wednesday. There was a cold wind blowing on Wednes day. Work did not commence until seven o'clock. Bobin and Umberto wero tho first to open tho ball ; both went long useful exercises. Astronomer, with neck sweaters on, went four or fivo turns on tho outer circle. He is rather lazy in his work. Roscrucian was allotted soveral mild turns on the centre gallop. Townley was doing walking exercise. Vander bilt and Union Jack, after doing a couple ol turns at a good sharp cantor, strode home from the three furlong post. Bohemian cantered a couple at times round the inner circle, finishing up with a sharp spurt. Master Piuetop was doing long healthy exercise on tbo sand. Post boy, who is engaged at Ballarat, was given his usual morning's exercise. Camerine and Manx man II. cantered aud spurted, Dulcet nnd Meerschaum doing similar exercise. Daystar, Doxtor and tho Earl of Mar, Zoe colt walked in Indian file. Lady Ashton went 3 or 4 miies at a good half pace, moving vory tree , and seeming to liko her work. Primus and Gold Top cantered. The Stag was given nice useful exercises on the.ouler circle. Too Too cantered, the Cup mare being very eager to get away from her tiny rider, who masters her very well. Hippogriff cantered. Louis wosgicon a couplo of turns at half pace exercise. General ' Jackson, Waveriey,- Violet, -Syduoy, Louisa: Berta and others of tiiisteamwere given quick exercise. . Douglas and Phoebe Walton worked . in company. . Solo trotted and captered threo . : times round the centra track," coming home. ; from the 4 farlongnpost'iit half pace." Gari baldi was absent. VelOeipode, Mabel : Gny, I Chandos and Albanus were .given slow, pacei exercise. Mossiface, Lord Chancellor, - Don. Giovanni and.the Maribyrubng--Nea coltVcan-., ' . tered and spurted. There were several other' teams on the ground, but alow work was the order of the morning, and the track still being heavy, owners' and trainers decided to wait un til the grass was opened, so that, if the rain ! keeps off thero'willbe some goOd work done at Caulfield. I might inform my readors who are desirous of witnessing the training -hero that the mornings in which. fast .work is indulged. in - are Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays, pro-, viding thai the grass is in; "a fit state to gallop upon. \- . Thursday; A beautiful -morning. , and the. tracks being in fair order, there .was a large number, of quadrupeds on the ground. General Gor-. don was despatched for" a four furlong spin, moving in nice style.', "Vanderbilt, with his owner up, was given a strong raiie and a half, . going well ' all- tho .distance. Union Jack- was doing.. good serviceable exorcise on the sand. Velocipede did a couplo qf turns on the, grass, Albanus "escorting him ' jme from' the threo furlong post;' tho big horse moving in fine style. Chandos and Mabel . Grey strode along for five furlongs ; the. latter is a vory slippery lady. Robin, after cantering with Umberto, . was despatched for a couple of brisk turus on the outer circle, which ho accomplished in good stylo. Rosicrusiati and Astronomer worn given good preparatory exercise on tho sand. Townley was on tho course, hilt did not work. Louis, after doing ft preliminarv, strode home from the six furlong post. Gold Top brushed homo from the fivo furlongs. Stag, who looks in rare fettle, was given strong useful work on tho sand, later on Melodious and Blink Bonny were given a good strong working gallop over a mile, both seeming to move with great free dom. Hippogriff had the Bohemian for a com-; panion over a mile and a half. The latter, who is looking blooming, had his companion in troublo at tho finish. Louisa Berta and Hero Goes rana sharp four furlongs. General Jack son and Waveriey, both engaged at Fleming- ton on Saturday, were doing some strong exer- oise on tho sand. ' Violet cantered snOt spirted. Napoleon's daughter worked oa- tho grass. Primus cantered and spirted fonr or fivo furlongs. Camerine and Manxman II. cantered, winding up by brush ing' home from the four furlong post. Douglas and tho Mary Gladstone filly worked in com- nanv on the sand. Too Too did a good sorvioe- ablo mile. This maro reflects credit on her trainer. Meerschaum, who looks a trifle big, cantered, finishing up with a strong half mile. Dulcet cantered and spirted, as also did Day- star, Dexter and the Earl of Mar— Zoe colt, Tho latter is a vory promising youngster. Elwood and Boadicoa, two new arrivals, can tered, the former putting up steam after ha had gone once round ; tfaa latter, I nearly for got to mention, unseated his rider, whilo going on to tho track nnd got away, but was soon re captured and got going again. Lady Ashton ' was given a good strong pipe opener nu tha inner circle. Lonl Chancellor aud Don G iovan, with Orlando as a schoolmaster, ca'u- tered and spirted. 3 or 4 furlongs. Amos ran home from tho 5 furlong post. Topsail; Mossiface, . Prince Regont and otliora ot tho team were doing healthy _ exercise. Plympton and Grand Duchoss woro given three quiet turns on the inner oircie. Mozart jumped off from tho milo and a half post on tho grass and wont on to the mile, whero ho was joined, by Highland Chief, tho pair rattling boma togethor, the latter having all tho best of it at thefiuish. Ho is a vory useful colt. Postboy. nri,'.Mosto- Pin'Suv -7 ir 'ornied left 1 his inomlnfj' f or , BaiUr»t. DoiiaH and Conrad #9ro givoa two or thir«o«mndo;on the sand nt> a good working paoa: Virion, who looks the . pioturo ot health,' did soma nice . striding exsroiso on : the grass. . Thia hpree is reported to have a big look-in far the Gap. Peeping Tom putln good nsafnl oxerdse on tho sand, na likewise did Idle B .y, Clansman nndFree- tnde. Lando,witholotl5ngon,dideomesteong 1 tisehil work on the grass. The two-year- old Do- frauder cantered and spirted three or four fur longs.". -Bonnie Lad ana Amoe were deroatcnea /or a four furlongs gallop, nenlro were Freeieout and a horse by Bon ffloran treated. Grace Darhng started from the thrae furlong poet, going onoe round at three parts teaoo, finishing np with a. mild canter. The QhOflt and Nnnoio covurud a mile in law timo, both going efcrong and well. There was a fair number of 2-year-olda and Jumpers on. tho course, bub thoy did nothing of any oonse- . Wday. A rather cold morning on Friday. There was a largo number of horses on the course this morning ; but, as nsnal on Fridays, .there was nothing dons of any importance, save one or two who are engaged at the Hunt Club meet ing ; tho remainder were siren long slow pace exercise. I might montion that tbo following who are engaged at Flemington, have been doing good preparatory exorcise during tho present week. The hurdle rooeis General Jaokson and WaToriey hare been . treated to long serviceable exeroieo on the.sand. Vanaor- hilt, in company with his stable oompanion. Union Jack, nas been going and doing well j I fancy he requires a bit of time. Tho Stag, who is engaged in the Steeplechase, is looking better now than ever he did, and if he is as good as tho Ballarat people mode him out to be, he should earn his oata before long. Topsail has boon doing steady exercise. Of the flat racers, I must confess .that .The Bohemian and Lando, if started, will strip as well as anything at Flemington. Too Too has done n lot of usefulo xeroise during this week. Nuncio and The Ghost have been doing strong serviceable exercise over n mile. Tho following 2-year-olds have been on the course doing work : — Manxman II., Dulcet, Defrander, Lord Chnn- collor, Don Giovani, Louisa Berta, colt by Maribyrnong — Nea, Hero Goes, Master John, Daystar, Dexter, tho Earl of Mai-, Zoo colt and Sweet Marian. Of tho Cup hor6cs, Volooipede has been two or three turns on the grass, finishing np by coming homo from tbo mile post at a good working gallop. The Cup horse is a beautiful mover, and if all goes well should hold a prominent position on the day. Blink Bonny is beginning to come again ; last year's Canlfield Cup winner will bo in rare fettle on the day. Vision has been doing ex cellent work, as also Mozart, in company with Highland Chief. Hippogriff, in company with Bohemian, have got over a mile and a half. Next week I expect to see the tracks presenting p livelier appearance, as several strings are ex- pec ted to arrivo here, and boxes aro rapidly taken up. 