[?] Sydney Smith.* ? Sydney Smith deserved a good biographer. He has found one, appreciative and faithful, in Mr. Reid. The lives of men like Sydney Smith suffer at the hands of injudiciousfriends, and unscrupulous writers who are not friends, if they are not enemies. The first class tell almost all they know. Others, omitting the ' setting ' of a man's life, retail what was said or done, and the consequence is an imperfect and often a wrong impression. For the purpose of making a bad impression there are persons wicked enough to cull out what was undoubtedly detective and perhaps wrong in a life like Sydney Smith's. He was a man who made some serious mistakes. Had he lived till now he would have frankly said so, for when convinced that he was in error no one admitted it more readily than he. 'What is wanted is that a biographer should come along who knows how to deal frankly with his subject, setting forth boldly the great outlines of a life, and with equal fearlessness saying that his mistakes need an apology which is cordially offered. Mr. Beid has done this for Sydney Smith. Parts of the book are slightly burdened with detail, and more of the hero of the story would have been welcome. Sydney Smith was- born at Woodford, in Essex, in 1771, of humble parentage. To an heraldic compiler anxious to include the armorial bearings of the Canon of St. Paul's in his work, he said, 'The Smiths never had any arms, and they have invariably, sealed their letters with their thumbs.' His father was an eccentric man, his mother, a most excellent woman. Sydney was sent to Winchester College, where lads were half-starved ; and even in old age he used to wax wrathful at the remembrance of the hunger, hardship, and abuse which he suffered at that school. It did kill a boy now and again-, and came near to killing Sydney and his brother Courtenay. The former received un expected and timely encouragement from a visitor who one day found him, during play-hours,' absorbed in the study cf Virgil. '/ Clever boy, clever boy,' 6aid the stranger, ' that is the way to conquer the world,' A shilling being added to the kind word made a double ray of sunshine which he never forgot. In his last year at that Bchool young Smith was prefect of the Hall, the highest post to be filled by a boy. He afterwards spent five years at Oxford, and having completed his studies perforce he had to become a clergyman. One can imagine the struggle of a man like Sydney Smith on being compelled to engage in a profession to which he had not given his heart, especially when that profes sion was the Christian ministry. Not the least trying part of it would be in the change from college life at Oxford to village life at Nether Avon, in 'Wiltshire. But he was a man with a heart too tender and a conscience too fine to neglect duty in melancholy idleness. His memory lives at Nether Avon as the founder of week-day and Sunday schools, through which he showed a deep and wise interest in the vounsr neonle of his uarish. His acceptance of a private tutorship to young Michael Beach led him. to Edinburgh. His first year there was marked by his marriage to one of the most delightful of womankind, and his second year by the commencement of the Edinburgh Review. His bride brought him a modest dowry, and he flung into her lap his entire fortune in material wealth ; that is, 'six small silver teaspoons, which from much wear had become the ghosts of their former selves.' The several stories of- the origin of the famous Review amount substantially to this. One evening Brougham, Jeffrey, and Smith met at Jeffrey's lodgings. It was proposed by Smith to set up a Review. This was acceded to with ncclamation, and the proposer headed the enterprise. It was further suggested that the motto Bhould be 'Tenui musam meditamur avena' — we cultivate literature on a little oatmeal. The first number appeared in October, 1802. Jeffrey became editor and held the pest till 1829. The suc cess was immediate and transcended the wildest ex pectations. To the trio named Horner must be added. Appreciative sketches are given of all these notable ? men. It became evident to Sydney Smith, with ail his love for Edinburgh, that he must turn his face southward and seek to make a permanent home. 'With unwilling steps .he made his way to London. He said, ' I Bhall be like a full-grown tree trans planted, deadly sick at first, with bare and ragged fibres, shorn of many a root.' His connection with. . the Review continued, and ' it did not help him in the leaBt with those who at that time had charge of Chnrch and State affairs; Writing from London he said, 'I have, as yet, found no place to preach in. Two or three random sermons I have discharged, and thought I perceived that the greater part of my congregation thought me mad. The clerk was as pale as death in helping me off with my gown, for fear I should bite him.' The little brochures which he occasionally threw off on various topics are good now. His little essay on- the. cultivation and improvement of animal spirits is capital. Soon after he went to London, he was introduced to some of the best-men and women of the time, and from that day dated a long period of intercourse with. them.. Through a titled friend he wasnakedto deliver a course of lectures at the .Royal Institution, at that time struggling into notice. Crowds attended. 'Writing to a friend, he said, ' My lectures are justnow at such an absurd pitch of / celebrity that I must lose a good deal of reputation before the public settles into a just equilibrium re specting them. I am heartily ashamed of my own fame, because I am conscious that I do not deserve i£ and that the moment men of sense are provoked . by clamour to look into my claims it will be at an end.' Many years afterwards he said, ' My lectures are gone to the dogs, and utterly forgotten, I knew nothing of moral philosophy, but I was thoroughly aware that I wanted JE200 to furnish my honse.' He writes other self -depreciatory remarks, such as a weak - and wain man-would never write. But Jus account of the adventure is very amusing. He ends by saying, 'To the understanding of Aristotle mankind is indebted for 1600 years of qnibblmg.aud ignorance. Professors weremultiplied without the world becom ing wiser, and volumes of Aristotelian philosophy were written which, if piled one upon another, would have equalled the Tower, of Babel is. height-and far exceeded it in confusion.' Jeffrey said of some these lectures, published, after the author's death, , that they did irim as much credit as anythuag he * ever wsete;: and- that- is- saying a great. deal. He was aaoac. after presented. totbeUving at; Eastern, - little parish in Yorkshire, where he spent more than: . ; 20 happy ye*HK Dmiugtlrat' time hnooirtrilmtiorn / to the press, hiis sermons 1#»d spseches, declared him. a? tgaatj) * tkoxhp grsturar jJ tm it? t London; niuitfiaiii*a|Mii«t»U| Otarii ; »unwi4iiitiwq Hill - one of . the foremost champions of liberty. His 'Peter P-lymley ' letters were not less powerful and hardly, less influential than the letters cf J unius. In 1829 he removed to Combe-Fiorey, in Somerset, It was in the days of the great outcry for reform. He was one of the* most eager in the fray. His Gazette V.rt r/7 /Mvfrjf nrn Afrrirtfiiurprl .fhe Afttinn nf the Lords At the time. But his most effective utterance was his famous 'simile of Dame Partington's combat with the Atlantic. Public feeling in regard to the Reform Bill was intense, and the action' of the Lords mode the nation angTy. Sydney Smith's speeeh' did more than anything else to lessen irritation, whilst it intensified the purpose of the people to have ' the bill, the whole bill, and nothing but the bill.' A meeting was held in Taunton, and the rector of Combe- Florey wa6 on the platform. In the course of his speech he said:— ' As for the possibility of the House of LordB pre venting ere long a reform of Parliament, I hold it to be the most absurd notion that ever entered into human imagination. I do not mean to be disrespect ful, but the attempt of the Lords to stop the progress of reform reminds me very forcibly ot the great storm of Sidmouth, and of the conduct of the ex cellent Mrs. Partington on that occasion. In the win ter of 1824 there set m a great flood upon that town — the tide rose to an incredible height — the waves rushed in upon the houses, and everything was threatened with destruction. In- the midst of this sublime and terrible storm, Dame Partington, who lived upon the beach, was seen at the door of her house with mop and pattens, trundling her mop, squeezing out the sea water, and vigorously pushing away the Atlantic Ocean. The Atlantic was roused. Mrs. Partington's spirit was up ; but I need not tell you that the contest was unequal. The Atlantic bcean beat Mrs. Partington. She was excellent at a slop or a puddle, but she should not have meddled with a tempest: Gentlemen, be at your ease be quiet and steady j you will beat — Mrs. Par tington.' During The delivery of thta parable he suited his action to his words. ' He commenced trundling an imaginary mop and sweeping back the intrusive waves of the Atlantic with an air of resolute determination and an appearance of increasing temper. The House rose, the people cheered, and tears' of super abundant ~ laughter trickled down the cheeks of fair women and veteran reformers.' In due time the rector became also a canon of St. Paul's. 'Whoever reads this book will see a man whose peculiarities -defy imitation, but the principles and general outline of whose life cannot be too strongly commended. He was a man who piade his ?own home as bright as a summer's day. Though lacking some of those traits of character supposed to be specially requisite in clergymen, he had others not always found under broadcloth or lawn ; he was emi nently practical. Sydney Smith was on the side of liberty as distinguished from authority. Oil his tablet is a note of his love of toleration. Whoever wrote it must have stretched his own conscience more than a little there. Mr. Beid, the author of this book, qnietly passes over this aspect of his hero's life with the remark that it was mistaken. It is one of the un accountable things that may happen even in England, that a man like Sydney Smith spent nearly all hie life in two of. the smallest parishes to be found. Litera ture '-and politics may have gained by the circum stance.. This biography should be followed by the erection- of a suitable memorial cf his life. 