AIRS. BAI?YEI¶21 ZlIY tULAU. -4---t-- I This widely-known and gifted lady evangelist commenced a series of revivial services at the Oddfellows' Hall on Wed nesday evening, and met with a most cordial and welcome reception. The hall was crowded in every part, and on the platform we discerned the Revs. J. D. Dickie, E. King, Messrs. Parkes, Turner, Chapman, and others. Mrs. Baeyortz opened the proceedings by giving out the 381st hymn in "Sacred Songs and Solos,," and after reading a portion of scripture, the singing of another hymn and prayer, the lady evangelist commenced the delivery of a most telling address, which was listened to with pro found attention. Mr. Baeyertz based her discourse on the words " Ye must be born again," and in course of her remarks made frequent re ference to her past history, and the story of her own conversion from Judaism. The new birth, she said, was a mystery which many people, even the learned like Nicodemus, could not understand. This she proceeded to explain by referring to the birth of a child. When a child is born into life it is a real life, and we are born into the kingdom of God through Christ Jesus. God has no adopted children. The opposite of life is death. There may be some present, she said, who are as dead as dead wood. Unconverted people have no life in them, and therefore have no fruits for God. Many people were working for God who are not converted, and she had known Sunday School teachers, members of churches, and others who were thus deceiving themselves and others. While living here she had tried to live a good life, by going to that little church on the hill and other means; but all the time she would not yield her heart to God. So God punished her by taking away her husband, and then it was that she sought and found the Saviour. That was fourteen years ago, and Jesus had been her friend over since. Jesus: was more real to her now than those sitting before her. "All the time I was living here," said she, " there was only one thought - I believed there was only one God, and he was not Christ. Now I know that Christ is all I want, and may God open your eyes to see the same truth." Everybody thinks they are going to heaven, but the unkindest thing God could do would be to take the unsaved to heaven. They would be crying, "Send me away; send me to hell." God wants to give you the nature that will enjoy God, both here and hereafter, and many of you have not started on the way to heaven yet. You mothers are careful for the temporal welfare of your children, but you allow them to grow up without finding Jesus. If you disobey God he will come close to you. She believed that through this disobedience she had been the murderer of her husband, and she prayed that no one there that night would be the cause of the death of their loved ones. She reminded them not to be ashamed of Jesus. She was not afraid, nor did she care what people might say about her. It was all for the great and agonising love she had for people's souls. She hoped she had not come too late to save some souls here. It was a strange thing that God should have sent her to'Colae in a hurry and without any preparation, when she had been waiting for the opportunity for years. Referring to the unpardonable sin-the sin against the Holy Ghost-she explained at considerable length the awful responsibility resting on those who trifled with their convictions, or entirely stifled the strivings of the Spirit. The committal of this sin consists in saying once too often "No, no, no," to the promptings of the Holy Spirit, and people can do that for the last time, and several instances were re lated to show that some people cannot be saved. Those who still feel the striving of the Spirit, and are under conviction for sin have not yet crossed the line between God's mercy and his wrath, and for they who desire to be saved and go to heaven there is hope. When a man says " no" too often, then the devil comes in and takes possession of him, and he feels that most intense hatred against God, who at length says "let him alone." In the old days she never loved Christ, but they who once knew her could see how changed she was. Some said she wanted to make money by preaching, but she could assure them that she might be wealthy without any trouble if she would give up Christ, and her rela tives had only recently come to her with the object of making her rich at the ex pense of her faith, bnut without avail. She had come through fourteen years tribula tion of no ordinary kind. When she became converted her father took out her name from the family register, and when he died the advertisement of his death contained all the names of his children, but her's was left out, But she had Christ for her personal Saviour, and she had no will nor desire but what was His. With her past Jewish training she could clearly understand the sacrificial death of Christ and the doctrine of the atonement, The reason why a person who commits the sin against the Holy Spirit, cannot be saved, is because he puts away from him the only way to be saved—the atonement of Christ. She expressed the greatest contempt for those who disbelieved the Bible, the infidels and sceptics of the Walker and Syme type only spoke devil's lies all the way through. She had studied, fought and prayed over the Bible and beleived every word of it, and spoke of her own conversion as being a greater miracle than any recorded there, the cleansing and purifying of her heart being a far greater work, For twenty-eight years she had lived a life of pleasure and knew the hol lowness, sham and unreality of worldly amusements. Now that she knew the reality of living near to God she did not want any poor empty joy,or hollow laughter of the world. God talked to her out of His word, and though He at one time was only like a shadow or myth, she came to know that Christ was God. "Strange," said she, "That I a Jew should be sent to you Gentiles to tell you of your Saviour. In some places the knowledge of my history has inhfluenced nmany to turn to God." In conclusion she strongly urged tlhose who were under conviction, or anxious about their souls, to pass into the ante- room, and she would speak to them after the service had concluded, and present them with a tract containing the story of her conver sion. On Thur'sday evening last Mrs. Bacyortz delivered an imnpressive address on "CCain and Abel" and quite won her hearers, by her thoughtful and earnest speaking. 