UNDER THE VERANDAH. — «. — I have just been shown a French novel, re cently published, written by Camtile Dcbons, entitled Tit Calamities of John Bull, in which Australia figures prominently. The story, which has had a large sale, is conceived after the style of wild romance which J ulcs "V erne has made his own. The hero, oue Jean Maxime, becoming possessed of fabulous wealth by similar methods to those narrated in the famous romance of Monte Christo, organises expedi tions which successively seize India, destroy Woolwich, and obtain possession of the prin cipal portions of the English navy. After re storing Gibraltar to tbe Spaniards and indict ing serious injury on British commerce, the hero is proclaimed King of India, and is re cognised as such by French and other Euro;>can states. He then sails to Australia, and his vessels simultaneously appear at Sydney and Melbourne. The lively novelist is apparently aware of the embryonic slate of colonial defences, for Sydney is mode to capitulate after an heroic resistance on the part of Commodore Erskine and Sir Henry Partes. In Victoria mat ters are much about the same. " The two Ministers, tho honorable Charles Yoong and the honorable Dr. L'. L. Smith, cotiltl not resist, and submitted." Wadonga (sic) is occupied and Albury bombarded, aud finally the victor is proclaimed King of Australia, aud he make6 Melbourne his capital. (N.B. — Tho work closes before Major Sargood is appointed Minis ter of War.) Of course, as is necessary in all similar works since the Battle of Doling, the work concludes with the capture ot London, but this docs not interest the Australian reader. Allusion has been made to dissensions in the Shnkspeare Society leading to the retirement of 0110 of the members whose views were not in accord with the majority. This retirement was the result of much stormy discussion, which almost ended in the association dissolving into its origins, atoms. Mr. E. V. Browne, tho retiring member (it is no secret),' has just published in pamphlet form his two papers on Juliet and Othello, read before tho 60cicly, accompanied by particulars of the talented writer's connection with the Eociety. It ap pears that there was a " fet" made against Mr. Browne, and his paper was placed last on the programme, whereat lie addresses the president as follows : — " My paper, sir, deals with a leading character in the play, and I feel disap pointed at having to bring it forward after the audience gets wearied with such stale stuff as is generally introduced by members of the com mittee, who take advantage of their position to monopolise timo, and force upon oar notice the ghost; or I might say the corpse, of literature ; for their essays are taken bodily from obscure writings left by dead and gone commentators." I fail to seo anything in this except' very sotwd sense, and' should join the society myself if this free and easy criticism continued lo enliven its .proceedings. ButJ alas, Mr. Browne is' banished, and what ho happily terms the corpse of literature is still cut up in intellectual saud- wichcsfor tho rcfrcs ment of the members. A reformer should have no past. Even if his youthful days were only commonplace they seem out of harmony with his period of heroics. In politics tho case, is even worse, and incon sistency, the crime of the statesman, is sheeted homo against him by tho mere record of his "previous convictions." . This, however, is a merely intellectual drawback, discounting o man s credit amongst his own sup porters for being on the right side. Much more carefully should a man who advocates a great principle take care that lie is not led even into the colorable infraction of it. Therefore it is sad to find thai Mr. James Munro, who is foremost in tho total abstinence crusade, was for some time registered owner of the. Academy of Music and its three drinking bars. Mr. Munro was recently in England occupying his loisure moments iu an attempt to influence the Home Government fo prohibit the importation of alcohol into New Guinea. Mr. Munro is one of thnt numerous class whoso philanthropy delights to opcralo in distant continents and without the slightest expense. The gentleman who , unearths this cliargo against Mr. Munro also accuses the order of Rccliabites of gross favoritism in overlooking- the offence ou account of tho sinner's position. An inslanco is given of an uiifortuuntc abstainer who in tire midst of tho delirious excitement of a teetotal picnic . had a fit, nud was brought to by a tea- spoonful of brandy being forced down liis throat. This dreadful criminal was prosecuted before tlio judicial committee of tho gang (I mean association), and as the newspaper cor respondent does not not mention the result, I suppose he was condemned to some fearful temperance punishment. The stewards of the picnic, who, strango to say, had tho brandy in stock, were not even called 011 to explain. This shows that the consumption of largo quantities of alcohol is necessary to the development of the judicial mind. There are three companies being projected for the purpose of gold mining in New Guinea. There are difficulties in the way, hut largo dividends are apparently anticipated by tho credulous investors. One of these companies has a nominal capital of £3750 in 150 shares of £25 each. Of these no less than 90 fully paid up are retained by tho promoters, who give a few to the discoverer, and 60 are paid for by tlio public. Thus tbo public pay £1500 and got less interest iu tho company than tho pro moters, Who pay nothing. So there is no guorantco that tho promoters believe in tho affair, as they merely invest other people's cash without spending o cent of their own. The astounding credulity of a certain section of tho public is very well exemplified by the floating of this wild schomo. A young man, a member of the Eccond Age expedition, produces n chunk of gold which bo alleges to have ob tained in the dark island. Tlio captniu, tlio journalist, and tho botanist of the expedition all discredit the statement, but a Mr. A. (J. MncDonald, who has passed an arduous exis tence exploring the wilds of Collins-street, thinks well of the matter, and the merry traflio in scrip commences. Mr MncDonald, in ad dition, is a mnu of great scientific attainments and is a leading member of tho Geographical Society, nud as he also knows where to find New Guinea on the map, he may be regarded as quite a specialist. One of the three companies, it appears, ia« vited Captain Strachnn, tho leader of The Age expedition, to take command. The enptain replied that he did not bclievo tho story of tho gold at all. The promoters nai'vcly .wired the reply, "Not imperative for you to. believe," . It does not appear necessary for any one ex cept the public to believe, , in, jbo.. existence., of,; gold at all. I also noti.CAJ,tbhtJ;1thq,.Kerry1,. Company is projected fromi„.tjic raincddloet-i,, able arcana of holiness whence ..springs the Dailg Telegraph newspaper... One of its direc tors is the pnblisher of thnt beatified .rag, who probably seeks to recover from. New Guinea some of tho expenditure occasioned by its clerical libels concerning a member of The Age expedition. This ultra pious newspaper, it wilt be remembered, disavowed nil sympathy with the journalistic enterprise that desires to explore new lands. What really moots with its fervent admiration is the speculative pro motion of wild goose companies. IVbat a world of fraud we livo iu without iujury to our moral natures. Here is the pious and good Mr. Richardson, M.L.A., white washed by the kindly assistance of a little friendly band of local preachers, and other members whoso experience teaches tiieuj what a frail thing human nature is, and who do not make the mistake of expecting more from a politician than a certain stock in trado of moral attributes. Then follows the frank confession of Mr. Jack Gardiner, M.L.A., ex- jeweller, that jewellers' gold is mostly brass, which surprises nobody in the trade, but astonishes everybody outside the trade. Mr. Gardiner, M.L. A., obtains a verdict for the defendant. Mr, Richardson is not even " investigated but another honest tradesman, not in Parliament (btrango to say), who retails kiducy fat os pure butter, is fined £20 with tho melancholy alternative of imprisonment.' This is according to the well known ' principle of law that one man -may steal a horse, hut another must not look over the fence. The modem translation is ihat you must not sell spurious butter, but it is lawful to adulterate a statutory declaration, \- ATTICUS. 