THE NOVELIST. £ sEOOND IJfJL* BT MRS. ALEXANDER, ACTHOB OF " URNS WoomaO'z" VOL. TT CHAPTER VIL , " Arpw near when Mildred was \- As the torn ghelter of her old friend's to leave the safesneiw* ^ ^ WQU,d g® hSe escapef the ertfageqaentshe had SinrMUdred'BrefuCtooa to go to Pennog But it was too late to retreat. VTn exDianation with Mm. Griffith maaevta. 'JS A dreaded thtua theposBible danjmrs P10,,® :n her change of Abode, and the temptation of high pay, eveD for& fih^time, wm «eat Moreover, an Uoder-cnreent oj lomrini; for fresh scenes,-for the sights and Innnds of the country, counteracted her tendency to break through her agreement and helped to keep her steady to her original ^«youMl write, my dear, won't you-te OTl]ar r said Mrs. Leavett to Mildred, as they ^re discussing the subject I Shall be just wearying to hearall about eveiything-aud you keen yourself to yourself. . .'Yon may depend on me, dearKooie! and then time will pass quickly. How glad I Hhall be to come back to you I Ihe idea of being with Mrs. Griffith all day long is rather ^replace won't seem like itself without you" returned Mrs. Leavett mournfully. .' Anyhow, I hope you'll get some roses into your cheeks, and strength into your limbs, for you look as if a puff of wind would blow you ^Tiie last fortnight had been very tranquil. Colonel Griffith had gone on a yachting ex pedition, and Mrs. Egerton only paid flying visits, being absorbed in many luncheon parties, flower-shows, and theatre-going. Still she did not neglect her blind sister-in law, on whose hospitality she always reckoned for her au tumn quarters; though she generally spoke of going down to Pennogwen as a tremendous sacrifice to duty and friendship, ehe would have been put to great straits had an invitation not been forthcoming. ( She had, therefore, had no time for any deliberate attack on Mrs. Griffith's new amanuensis; but it was not difficult to per ceive, from the tone she assumed when ad dressing her, that Mildred had not found favour in her eyes. 111 told you right," said Gwendoline Ferrers, one afternoon when the lively widow had lea away Mrs. Griffith to the carriage, of which Bhe bad begged the use for some shopping; " she will never like you, Ales. Wood; she is frightfully hard and selfish. They do say her husband, General Egerton, died of being nursed by her. He was a great sportsman; always out of doors: bat he caught jungle fever, and was obliged to stay in bed- It was , not a bad attack, yet somehow he lost courage and died." j " Youare very uncharitable, Miss Ferrers!" "No, indeed, J am not! I only repeat] what other people say. We shall have great i fan baffling charmingMrs. Ejjerton's curiosity. I am glad you are coming to Pennogwen. I, never liked any of the other companions they were so slow." ' "Am I fast?" " Oil no! I don't mean thai." The evening Mra Egerton Griffith and suite readied Pennogwen was wild and stormy, with occasional thick drifting showers of rain sweeping over the valley in. which the house stood-weather, in short, like January rather than June. j Mrs. Griffith was seriously annoyed that her beloved home should wear so forbidding an aspect on their arrival. She had looked : forward to hear Mildred's questions and ex-' clamations respecting this or that point ofj view-each clear to her mental vision-where as they were obliged to drive with close shut windows, all blurred and dim with rain drops, to the house, where they were glad to \ find shelter and cheerfnl fires. j Mildred greatly dreaded the publicity of a railway journey-the awful chance of being Bhut up for hours in the same carriage with some former acquaintance. She had not counted on having a compartment strictly reserved for Mrs. Griffith, herself, and Davis; on refreshments served in private, and watch ful attentions both from the dignified butler and a well-feed guard. As they sped onward, farther and farther from the mighty city, Mildred's heart grew j lighter. She longed so much for fresh air, and freedom to move about in it; lor of late she felt weak and low, as she wqB well aware, from want of exercise. She could not sur mount her dislike to go out alone in London, or even with the companionship of Dick, - though occasionally she did go with him for a short walk in the evenings, when all the dangerous world was dining. Now she looked forward to long fearless rambles in the grounds of the place which was to be her home lor some months, to come. IVet though it was, she opened her window to breathe the fresh breeze which, blowing! worn the sea, brought with it the celicious j wmy sweetness ot the waves she heard in wie distance, breaking on the beach with a Mitring sound of vigorous life that filled her with a new sense of vitality, Griffith was very weary, and soon i rest»aQdi »fr®r unpacking, examin £&? J00T with great satisfaction, and Writing a few affectionate liies to M». Leavett, wnrff J1 "Tiotnui5 ^rpke * different | murmuring, ioanung waves playing along the beach; the woods fill freahly .green after the raiu, and the distant hills showing ifceir ridges and inequalities in the dear morning air. s " Oh, Mra Griffith 1" cried Mildred, when they had exchanged greetings, " you have not said a word too much lor inis lovely place?" It was rarely that Mildred took the*initia tive m conversation with Mrs. Griffith; but to-day she felt in some curious way emanci-1 P&ted;, and brought nearer the.stately, im perious woman. , «" No; Ithought you would; admire P#n Dogwen. It is fine to-day. The .-old place | bbs put onits ctkod looks. Eh!" Udycou. " Yes, I enjoyed having the window-open 1 while 1 dressed-that much is left me : she j sighed. .* SL'hia is* pleasant room-I mean 1 used to think it pleasant. 1 have told 1 * The riiAt ol ttyuHUblitf thl* WOrVtosbwui, them, never to alter the furniture. Describe ittomeositiB." ^ Mildred'obeyed, and Mrs. drlffylh slightly benc her bead from time to time, as she enumerated the cabinets, the bureau,' the tables, settees, &c;, and the positions in which they Btood. " I see/ Bald the blind lady, " my people have been faithful-nothing has been moved. Now tell me what you Bee from the win dows." The room occupied a projecting angle, and had a bay containing three windows opening on a stone balcony, each command ing different and charming views-over the sea, across the low ground to the wooded hills opposite, and away up the valley to the distant mountains. " Yes," said Mrs. Griffith, when Mildred had described the outlook from each, " I know all well; and you appreciate these beauties! I can perceive that by the sound of your voice: te&lity; is perceptible in the voice Especially." She pausea, and then resumed: " To morrow I shall have a good deal to do-to-day I shall rest" Here a scratching at the door made itself heard. Mrs. Griffith smiled.- " It is my dog Gelert; open to him. if youplease." Mildred obeyed; and a latge deerhound stalked solemnly into the room, and went straight to his mistress, sat down close in front of her, and with a kind of imploring sound, half yelp, half moan, laid his heavy paw on her lap. " Poor Gelert-poor old fellow 1" said Mrs. Griffith gently, as she groped for his head. Mildred came quickly and guided her hand to it " Take care, Mrs. Wood; he is sometimes savage to strangers." " Only when they are false and mis chievous, I imagine," returned Mildred. " I have always found dogs friendly; and this one has a noble head-a fine expression." The hound kept quite still while his mis . (zees stroked hiB head, keeping his eyes fixed on Mildred, who went to arrange writing, k, on a convenient table in one of the windows, where he presently followed, snif fing around ber; and finally lying down by her side in a watchful attitude, Beemed to study her face and every movement. "He is evidently trying to make up his mind about me; he has crouched upon the floor, and is gazing at me. He looks quite formidable," said Mildred smiling. " Take no notice of him ; he is making up his mind," returned Mrs. Griffith ; " the creature is nearly human. I wish he would take a fancy to you; he would not be a bad companion in your walks. Presently, I ex pect theilector, Mr. Watkins, to call; and as I have much to talk of to him, you can Btroll about the gardens and pleasure-grounds. Do not go far, or you might lose your way. Now get the writing materials; I must let Frank know that I have arrived safe and sound." After writing several letters from her dic tation, "The Rector" was announced-a slendet, quiet, gentlemanly-like man. Mildred immediately rose, but before she ooald leave the room, her progress was arrested by Mrs. Griffith saying: " Mrs. Wood." .. Yes." " My dear Rector, let me present my new secretary to you; she has been more than five months with'me, but is, of course, new here." . The Rector bowed. Mildred curtsied, a little surprised at this mark of notice, and noiselessly disappeared. Going to her own room, which was near Mrs. Griffith's, she encountered Davis, and «6k£d h6r the way to the garden. Mitdredhad been fortunate in winning tbe suffrage of the servants' hall. She was BO quiet and unobtrusive, and moreover had acted so completely as oil on the troubled waters of life-as it had been, ander Mrs. Griffith's rule, while that lady had inefficient secretaries-that the valetaiUe forgave her her superiority, and agreed in treating her with consideration. Miss Davis was espe cially friendly, as she took credit to herself for the discovery which proved a boon to the family. " It's a nice place, isn't it; Mrs. Wood?" said the elderly abigail. " I'm sure my mis tress looks better already, and yon yourself will pick up too-I am sure there is need for it 1 if you will go downstairs, and turn to the right down the long passage, where the Indian cabinet and tbe big china jars are, you will find the little morning- room; at the end of it, there are steps from the middle window into the pleasure-ground; follow the path by the big cedar-tree, and that will take you to the gardens." Mildred got her hat and went eagerly forth. This unrestrained wandering about beauti fully-kept grounds was infinitely delightful it Beemed to make her young again ! She had never enjoyed anything of the kind since she had left her own dear home-and what deep waters had since gone over her soul I She recalled, with wonderful clearness and tenderness, the happy hours she bad spent with her mother in their own garden. And so she ran over in thought, and with un speakable bitterness, the sad, weary ending to that mother's blameless life. It was this that of all ber sorrows stung ber most poignantly-that she had been helpless to cheer and comfort her last year of life, and bad barely contrived to be with her when she entered into the " valley ot the shadow of death." It was this that gave her so deadly a feel ing of repulsion to her husband. Had it not been for Captain Trevor's prompt help and sympathy on that sad day. that now seemed centuries back, she would never again have seen her motber's loving eyes, or heard her tender words ! It was curious, too. to think that Trevor'B was the last voice she herself remembered in her former life, as she always, i in her own mind, termed the period previous to ber disappearance. How kind and bright and capable he was. And the rest of the! small circle which had surrounded her passed in review. What a warm, congenial friend! Lizzie had been t how very grieved she was j to lose ber I How ardently she wished she might make a happy marriage, and escape from the Welby dominion 1 Ana she herself T was she the same being who had bloomed in the sweetness and light of a trader home who faded and died in the grasp of a fleshly tyrant? who had come back, like a ghost, only to a sort of semi-cxistence? A strange courage seemed to Bpring op within her, as she thought, come what might, she would stand upright, and fear nothing. Even if unmasked, even if discovered by Welby, he could not, should uot, force her to go back; and if safe from thfe, earth held no other terror. She had walked fast and far, as she thought with unusual force and intensity, and so missed or passed the garden. The path, however, was delightful, and led beyond the carefully tended grounds, through a copse, to some rock*-they were scarce high enough to be called cliffs-over (he sea. Here she stood caring for a few minutes at the Wew, and arinldng in the delicious breeze: then, fearing to pe late, swiftly re traced her Bteps. The rector was still with Mrs. Griffith, and remained to luncheon; after which a" small open phaeton with a pair of Bmart ponies came to the door, and Mrs. Griffith desired Mildred to put on lier cloak and hat, for Bhe should take her round ftife place. It was curiam and sad to mark how deeply tiie localities and beauties Bhe was never more to Bee were imprinted on the memory of the blind lady. " We ought to be near Garth Bridge now. Tell me what you see, Mrs. Wood." And aa Mildred described river and hill and wood land, she named them all; The next three or four mornings were fully occupied with agent, steward, chief gamekeeper, and one or two old tenants, who were admitted to state their requirements personally to " Madam " Griffith. But in ter affairs there were no arrears, no accumulations from neglect; everything was in complete working order, so this first press of business waB soon over. Mildred thought the stately old lady was considerably revived by this contact with active life, and already looked brighter and better than she was before. They now settled into the routine of their days, and time went by swiftly, calmly, plea Bantly. Mrs. Griffith had never seemed bo tranquil and content, and to Mildred it was a blessed interval of rest and ease. In the fine summer mornings she rose early, and enjoyed a delicious ramble round the shrubberies to the cliffs and beach, or even through the opposite woods, returning before Mrs. Griffith had finished her breakfast and her toilette; then came some accounts and letter-writing, and a short walk in the grounds before luucheon, which was really dinner, after which the London newspapers arrived. These occupied them till live o'clock tea ; then came a drive in the pony carriage, re turning to a light supper in place of late dinner, some chapters from whatever book they were reading, and the day was over. It was a monotonous but far from weari some existence; the absence of all irritation the sense of undisputed sway, ensured by the distance from relatives and equals, had a most soothing effect on Mrs. Griffith. She grew quite companionable and even enter taining. Mildred was always careful to follow her lead to originate nothing; still she was drawn into talking more than formerly, and was surprised at the degree of intimacy which was growing up between the Btecn, proud old lady and herself. " What day of the month is it ?" asked Mrs. Griffith one evening, when they had returned to her favourite sitting-room, after supper. " The twenty-fifth." " Ah ! our peaceful days will soon be over. I suppose Mr. Ferrers and Gwendoline will be here about the second week in July, and I expect Mrs. Egerton Boon after; then Frank will come too. Well! I shall not let them disturb me much. No one provokes me more than Gwendoline Ferrers; there is a decided strain of the fidgety plebeian in her. One of the characteristics of a gentlewoman is repose, a certain disdain of exertion and excitement" " It is more dignified, certainly; but so much depends on temperament" " Yes ; but generations of Bodal training influence temperament" A pause ensued, then the blind lady resumed; I do not care for any more reading to- night Fray, Mrs. Wood, did yon not study music when prepar ing to be a teacher ?' " Yes; I have learned." " I imagine, from your way of reading, you have taste and play well, if you have had tolerable opportunities. Open the piano and try to play something." " I fear I should not please you-it ia so long since I have played. " Try! I shall soon stop you if I am not pleased." There was nothing left but to obey: and Mildred, in some trepidation, opened the piano. She almost shrank from the first sounds of the notes, and her fingers faltered, Her old pleasure in music, however, revived as she went on. Morsels of melody once familiar to her came back, and greater steadi ness to her fingers; but she had lost much. "I do not seem able to remember any thing," she Baid at last, breaking off. "I fear I have lost what little sldll I once pos sessed." " You are out of practice, but you can play. You have no vulgarities ot method. You must practise every day, and give me some of my old favourites - Beethoven, Haydn ; and among the moderns, Chopin- he has a depth of melody rarely to be found nowadays. King, if you please! I think if you get up your music you may give me a little variety which I sorely need. 1 have had lady companions who professed lo be musical when they could jingle a polka-one of the most revolting de formities of modern so-called music-or drone the Hundredth Psalm. Oh, Black 1" as the butler presented himself, send Gibbons to me." While she waited the appearance of the housekeeper, she asked Mildred to play one or two Scotch and German airs which she named, and some of which Mildred fortu nately remembered. She was soon, however, interrupted by the entrance of the house keeper, who, coming to her mistress's side, said: " You sent for me, 'm V " 1 did. Tell me, how many pianos have we in the house?" "Well, 'm, there's this one, and the grand in the music-room, and the old square that was in the schoolroom, and the cottage Broad wood as is in Miss Ferrers's room." " Ah ! then let it be put in Mrs. Wood's room to-morrow. What room have you given Mrs. Woodf' " The pink room, 'm, in the south wing, near your own." " I know. There is room for a piano, is there not, Mrs. Wood f " Oh yes ? abundance of room," cried Mil dred, charmed at the idea of a piano to herself. " Very well; let it be moved tomorrow early-as Boon as Mrs. Wood has left it" " Certainly, 'm," and the housekeeper re tired. *' It is too preposterous to suppose Gwen doline wanted a pianoj Bhe would play before Liszt or Thalberg without hesitation-but her playing means thumping and scrambling. I will not ask you to play again until you have had time to study. There are quantities of music somewhere-Gibbons will show you where-and you must get up something of Beethoven's ; and Mozart, too-he is so de liriously melodious." It was rather a relief-both to the lady of the manor and her amanuensis-when Mr& Egerton and Miss Ferrers wrote, requesting permission to delay their visit for a week, as some engagements, not to be declined or put aside, would detain them. "I am sure Gwendoline need not hare troubled herself to' scrawl such yardB of excuses," said Mrs. Griffith peevishly ; Bhe might nave been candid and saved her own time and your eyes by saying, * I don t want to leave town as long as I have anj*thing to amuse me!' She unites a horrid .wawl, doesn't ehe f . N% it 18 not so bad," returned Mildred absently, for her eye WAS caughtby a lame .uW0?6' directed in a stiff clerkly hand, which alie thought she had seen before. wn^SJhat a"asted Mrs. Griffith, while Mildred opened this letter as noiselesssly as she could, and laid it aside the moment Bhe glanced at its opening lines. . No! there is another. It is from Mr. lirian Leigh. u 5®! w^at does he say ?" JP®8* Miu Griffith,-May I claim your £Tffered hospitality and descend on Pennog wen on Thursday next, bringing hot my thXv;T^,feavea with me? To write in the delightful peace and seclusion of the only home Thave ever known will be an enor ^°..6 Pr°fe3Si°nal scribbler nice myself. I shall also enjoy a titte-A-tke tfe TTnfWlih«yottii? the evening, before 2?,T^ oi relatives takes possession of the LEIGH.'" ^"i-^RT*w '"The ruck of relatives!' Whatianex pression! cried Mrs. Griffith indignantly. hiS. fP ? Brian's Radical proclivities, I have never known him guilty of a vulgarism before; but it is impossible to handle pitch, ?? Pe fiasJd°ne £or years, without being de uled. Read the note again. Mrs. Wood." When Mildred had obeyed, the blind lady repeated, in a softened voice:-" 'Theonly home I have ever knpwn'-and how has he rewarded me Like father, like son I Now. Mrs. Wood, have you opened all? What mote has the post brought?" 'The notice of a county meeting, and a couple of circulars." "Well,never mind them; yon mnst write it Jian Leigh at once. Are you ready 1" "lam." «. «'o Dear Briani, " dictated Mrs. Griffith, nieiia? 800?' and Btay 118 lon& ^ yon like. Ail else when we meet.'" «; Bhl.cri®d' as she had signal this after her usual fashion, "ring for Gibbons, and put away the writing wdi Bf> oofc The prospect of see ing this contradictory boy cheers me." fiJwsiu11 the housekeeper appeared. Mrs. Unffith rave minute directions as to the be prepared for Mr. Brian. Mrs. Gibbons promised, with an air of alacrity, strict attention to the orders re and was leaving the room, when the rector was announced. ! reverend friend," said Mrs. must give me your arm for a little turn in the garden, while I talk to you mvL Cw nt? meeting -give me the notice, Mrs. Wood-and then you must eat yoor luncheon with me." As soon as she was alone, Mildred hastened had secured! and eagerlj'read letter she " Madam (it ran),-My former letter does not seem to have reached you. The entangle ment of your son in the net of a low woman i is more complicated than before. If you do I not take some etep soon, you will be pre sented with a Mrs. Frank Griffith, to whom your lowest servant would be preferable , Ask your eon who are his friends in Acacia ^"ace» Hampstead, and if he thinks the owner of tue house will escape justicev . " A Wel^WISHER." Mildred was startled, but did not hesitate . sue enclosed letter and envelope to Frank with a line from herself, fi " T w.RroW8Tdrangeroua '. fray try to stop these letters. I feel very uneasy for myself « 5'T- wi,11 sA\°,v me fc0 8ay so, for you alBa This she did not sign, directing it to if rank, whose address was of course well known to her. Mrs. Griffith was unusually silent during her drive and for the rest of the day. Nor was Mildred disposed for conversation. This second anonymous letter disturbed her. Had she done well in suppressing the first9 Having done so, it was impossible to display the second. Was Frank Griffith on the point oi committing some disastrous piece of folly ? ohe wished she dared to speak to Mr. Leigh or that Frank would. She liked Frank, she felt strongly in sympathy with him; but Leigh impressed her with an idea of capability and resource. He could, she was quite sure, give his cousin sound advice and effective help, bhe was glad he was coming-why, she could te'' :.5.Df 6^e liked to hear him talk with Mrs. Griffith, and often longed to ask him questions on her own account Though she had never met him before, he had, in some mysterious manner, never seemed a stranger to her. Yes; Bhe had no objection to a visit from either Frank or Bryan Leigh ; but she Colonel Griffith?6 °£ **** encotmterinS The powers of the air gave Leigh a brighter welcome than they had vouchsafed to the lady of the manor. ^asa glorious E°lden evening when he reached Pennogwen, and never had it seemed more lovely and reBtful thau after his pro longed absence, for it was nearly three years since his last visit. Mrs. Griffith received him, after he had dressed for dinner, in her favourite sitting room, and greeted him with unusual warmth. The gonz sounded almost immediately, and with a quick inquiring glance at the door, Leigh offered his arm, and led his hostess to thediningroom with the tenderest care. The blind lady was quite sprightly during the repast, which they got through without raising any vexed question. Mrs. Griffith (enjoyed the exercise of hospitality, end though widely differing from her kinsman in many important opinions, he had a strong hold upon her affections. These, in spite of the selfishness which disfigured her character were deep and tenacious, But quite devoid of the compassionate quality which is attracted weak°es,3 Bnd suffering. To be loved by Hrs. Griffith it was very essential to be inde pendent of her. " And so you are going to write a book while you are here, Brian?" she said, when the servants had left the room. _ To finish it, Mra, Griffith, It is partly done, "Aboutyour travelsf" "Yes; chiefly about Russia." Ah I and do you expect to make any money by it?" " \\\ ell, as much as I have any right to ex pect. Cartwright and Paul have given me a decent sum for the first edition." "I don't understand these things ; but I suppose there is the same amount of cheating in literature as in every other trade." "Agood many writers think there is more; but we must remember that publishers are trading with tangible capital, and every new book may be a loss. "Hal I suspect you have been well paid, or you would not be so indulgent Takesome more wine." "No, thank you! I have got out of the habit of taking wine after I have finished eating. May I escort you back to the drawing room V' " Yes, if you will; and perhapsyou will read a little tome by ana by ? " Certainly 1 But-bave you lost yoursecre WB ? .. N°; we have been eolng on most comfort ftoly; bat she will tiot aine with me unlesa I am alone; and to-night she said she would aot anoear unless I sent lor he*, thitidnv. no doubt, that I had family matters to talk ovee with yon. She is a youngwoman of a great deal of tact, andknows Cow to keep her own counsel. I am always afraid some catastrophe will happen to take her away from me. Do yon know, I have not discovered the smallest clue to her hiBtory yet 1" " Indeed." " How old does she seem, Brian ? Her voice is quite young, bat her conduct it mature." " It is not easy to judge-two or three a$ twenty* perhaps.1' " Not more t" Then, settling herself in her easy-chair, she began a confidential conversation by asking: " What is Frank about I He doesn1t write often. I have a kind of instinctive feeling that he is in some scrape." _ ; " I don't think so ; at any rate, if he is, it's for the first time." A long discussion ensued. Mrs. Griffith's mood was unusually soft and confiding, and she poured out her doubts and difficulties re specting both her sons, till it was too late to think of reading; and, somewhat excited and fatigued by the topic on which she had been speaking, she sent for her maid, and bid Leigh good-night When he was alone. Leigh walked to the window and opened it wide, looking out .on the trees and flowers beneath, bathed in silvery moonlight and exhaling their perfume in the dewy, soft, night air. " It is delicious," he thought;" all save the spirit of man is divine. I suppose that in cludes the spirit of woman, which, certainly, is often the re verse of divine. How unchanged everything is here, and what ages it Beema since I last saw the place." Then his thoughts strayed to the vicissi tudes of his own life, and, on the whole, reviewed his career with satisfaction. He was not personally a very ambitious main, bnt he was deeply interested in the progress of certain opinions, and had a quiet bat firm faith in his own power to aid in their develop ment Many of these views were conveyed, without positive assertion, in the work on which he was now engaged, and he thought that in the delightful repose of Pennogwen for even when the expected guests were assembled they would not affect him much he would complete it well and thoroughly ; but he paused, even in the process of think ing, as fie looked out in the clear warm night, and then, with a half smile at the confession, owned that the wish to write in undisturbed tranquility was not his only attraction to Pennogwen. No. Mrs. Griffith's mysterious secretary had been constantly in his thoughts since he had first seen her. He was surprised at the degree of disappointment which seized him when he did not see her at dinner. It was, o£ coarse, the natural curiosity of a lawyer to hunt up the intricacies of an un usual case, for he felt certain the young w ido w had no common story. What was her motive for taking service with Mrs. Griffith ? Nothing evil, be felt inclined to believe, in spite of the revolting trash Godfrey had talked about hei having an understanding with Frank. It was weak, of course, to trust appearances; but the extreme simplicity of her manner, the sadnese of her composure, the frank fearlessness with which she met the eyes of those to whom she spoke, if this was not the bearing of an innocent, blameless woman, what was to be believed ? and then A sadden sense that he was not alone made him turn, and standing by the table at a little distance, reaching across it to take up a book, he saw Mildred-as usual dressed in black, only of a thin material, through which her white arm showed as the light from the lamp fell on it " I feared I should not have the pleasure of seeing you this evening, Mrs. Wood," said Leigh, coming out of the shadow in which be was standing. Mildred did not seem surprised or startled ; she looked up with a smile, and bid him good-evening, returning to her search among the books. " No, Mrs. Griffith did not want me, so 1 did not come down." " And how do you like Pennogwen?" " Very much; I have been quite happy here, and Mrs. Griffith is so well. I almost wish our t4te~d-i£te was to continue" " I feel I ought to apologise for interrupt ing it" " You," she said, looking at him with grave, sweet, steady eyea, " I am glad to 6ee you, and you will enliven Mrs. Griffith." " At any rate, I will try not to be in the way." Mildred made no reply; she had found the book for which she had been seeking, and Leighfeltafraid she would go without another word. " The look-out here is charming," he said; "it is a picture." Mildred walked slowly to the window, hold ing the book against her bosom ; pausing, she gazed out "Yes, it is lovely, "she said; "as if the reign of peace had come." Ah ! that is a long way off, I fear." Mildred stood gazing at the beauty of the moonlit view in silence. " I suppose you have not seen much beyond the grounds," said Leigh hurriedly, anxious to draw her into conversation, yet curiously at a loss what to say. "I could show you some delightful walks; I know the place and its surroundings thoroughly." '"Thank you," she returned, without ac cepting his oiler. "I must say good- night Mrs. Griffith, fearing she should not get to sleep, asked me to find a book and read to her; she will be ready by this time" " It is early yet," Leigh was beginning, when Mildred, who had moved away, turned suddenly, and asked with evident interest " Is Mr. Griffith in town ?" "He is, or at least he was the day before yesterday," replied Leigh ; "he will be down here in about ten days. I $hall be writing to him to-morrow ; can I give him any mes sage for you f " For me ? No, I have nothing to say to him. Good-night, Mr. Leigh." Her eyes rested clear ana full on his as Bhe spoke, and before he could reach it, she had passed the door and was out of sight Leigh stood where she had left him, gazing after her. "I cannot make her out," he murmured to himself. " There is a wonder ful charm in her apparent unconsciousness; is it real r 