VISIT OP Dll. REVILLE TO TALLANGATI’A. Tuesday and "Wednesday last were high days with the Roman Catholics of Tallangatta. On Tuesday afternoon a large number ol members of the Catholic denomination proceeded along the Wodonga road, to meet and escort into the town, the Right Rev. Dr. Reville, coadjutor-bishop of Sandhurst. His' lordship, accompanied by the Rev. Father Van der Hevden, parish priest of Cliiltern, were met at Mildren's Hotel, eight mileB out, by Borne 50 persons, among the number being several ladies on horseback. Those of the party belonging to other persua* sions were introduced to tho bishop by Messrs Murray and Hennessy, mem bers of the reception committee. The calvacade arrived at Tallangatta about five o’clock, just in-time to escape the heavy rain which then sot in. Before dismounting from his buggy, bis lord ship made a few remarks. Ho thanked those present for the kind reception accorded him. He felt agreeably Bur prised at the size of the town, and the apparent go-ahead stylo of the resi dents. From present indications, it would not be long before the Catholics had a resident clergyman in the town. He also expressed the pleasure he had felt in his journey to Tallangatta, which brought him through such beau tifully picturesque and fortilo country. His lordship also passed some words of compliment upon the lady members of the procession, whose skill as eques triennes did not escapo his notice. The party then dispersed. After tea, a number of ladies busied themselves in preparing the Court House for the holding of religious service on the morrow. Choir practice was also in dulged in. Religious Services. On Wednesday morning, mass was celebrated at 8 o’cl )ck by the bishop, in the presence of a largo number of early worshippers. Father Van der Heyden celebrated second mass at 11 o’clock, the building being crowded. Tho choir (consisting of Miss Johnson, who presided at the harmonium, Mrs Roper, Mr W. Carkeek, and the Misses Murray (2), O’Loghlen, and Lvncb) rendered several selections in a very creditable manner, the hymn, O ^alutaris” being especially well sung. Tho building was tastefully decorated for tho occasion, the impro vised altar being also appropriately decked. A vo-y pleasing efFect was lent the occasion by the presence of some fifteen young ladies, gracefully attired in white muslin, with tulle veils suspending from pretty floral coronets. The sermon of tlio day was pre-ached by Dr. Roville, who prefaced his re marks by publicly thanking those ladies who had gone to such pains in preparing the hall for tho proper per formance of the religious functions of tho day. His lordship chose for his text the words, “ What is man, that thou should magnify him ? and why doeHt thou set thy heart on him ?” The passage quoted afforded the right rov. gentleman a subject for a power rul and eloquent discourse. Tracing tbe life of Christ, from his humble birth in a stable, through all his poverty and Bufferings, to the consum mating point of his ignomiuious death, on the cross, the preacher exemplified the great love borne by God for his creatures, and the poor manner in which that feeling was reciprocated by man. The humility and obedience to his foster parents, displayed by the child Jesus, was dwelt upon by the bishop for the especial benefit of his youthful hearers, upon whom he feel ingly urgod tho practico of obedience to their parents. Alluding to our aptness to aim at tho falso joys of this world, tho bishop reminded his hearers of the shortness of life, and concluded by urging them to preparo for oternity, as all the riches of the world would profit a man nothing if ho lost his soul. At the conclusion of the Mass, about 30 youDg persons of both sexes pre sented themselves for confirmation. Before administering the rito, tho bishop made a few remarks to the postulants, telling them that the holy sacrament they were about to receive would bring down upon them the Beven gifts of the Holy Ghost, and enable them to conform with strength and courage to the rites and duties of the Church. He said he mnde it a point to always examine candidates to satisfy himself that they wore fit to receive the sacrament of confirmation. He found, on his visit to Tallangatta, that the children were, as a rule, very well instructed in their catechism, which was to him evidence of their having careful parents. Touching on the fact that there were a few not so well versed as they should be, his lordship remarked that the establishment of Sunday schools under the supervision of some zealous persons would take a great weight off his mind. The ad ministration of the sacrament was then proceeded with, Father Van der Hey den assisting, and Mrs Roper and Mr John Ley acting as sponsors for the girls and boys respectively- The bishop then congratulated the recipients, and among other things urged them to be obedient to their parents, faithful to their church, and abo to abstain from the use of intoxicating liquors. He asked them to remember him in their , prayers, as he would them in his. His lordship then pronounced the Bene diction. PRESENTATION TO THE BISHOP. At the conclusion of the religious ceremony, and before the congregation left their seats, the members of the reception committee approached the altar rails for the purpose of presenting Dr Reville with an illuminated address. MrT, J. Murray, who acted as spokes man, referred to the shore notice the? had had of the bishop’s visit, which fact precluded their having a more substantial tribute; but they hoped, when nest his lordship came into their midst, to present him with a suitable token of their esteem and veneration. The address, which was illuminated in a very chaste style, and enclosed in a neat gilt frame, was read by Mr Murray aB follows:— “ To His Lordship, the Right Reverend Hr Reville, Bishop of Ceram, and Coadjutor - Bishop of Sandhurst. “Right Reverend and Dear Sir, - Wo, the undersigned, on behalf of the Roman Catholics of Tallangatta, em brace this opportunity of heartily wel coming your lordship to this district— a welcome intensified through its being the first visit of a Roman Catholic pre latejto Tallangatta. “We anticipate with pleasure the benefits likely to arise from your lord ship’s visit, and sincerely trust that that bond of unity so well knowu to exist for ages between the clergy and laity of the Catholic Church may through its means be still further strengthened. “We devoutly pray that the blessings of Divine Providence may attend you in the ministration of your sacred and onerous duties. “ Wishing your lordship a long and happy life on earth and eternal bappi ness bereaftor, we btg to subscribe ourselves, your lordship's most dutiful and faithful servants—Thos J Murrav, Matthew O’Reilly, Walter Sullivan, Michael M’Mahon, Joseph Toal, Patk. Mullens, Michael Peawick, members of reception committee. Arthur P. Hennessy and John Ley, lion secre tnries.” “ Tallangatta, September 1S85.” The Bishop, in reply, slated he was exceedingly grateful for the vory many proofs of kinduess ho had seen since his arrival here. The magnificent demonstration and warm welcome of the previous’ day were sufficient in themselves—without this work of art they had just presented to him—to proclaim the kindly feelings they had at heart. If it afforded them pleasure to see him here, he could nssure them their pleasure was not one-sided. He had been delighted with his visit to the district, to which Nature had been kind and bountiful. They had good soil, which was well watered, and when their industry was brought to bear upon the laud, they |were sure to be successful. He hoped those present, especially the young people, would make themselves worthy of the bounty of God. He hoped they would live amicably together, remembering that next to God thoy should love their neighbours. His lordship made some feeling remarks on the love of country. Those who boasted of the land and climato in their adopted country would often look back with agreeable asso ciations to their native land, wherever it was. lie argued that any man ashamed of his country, would forget his church; if he forgot his duty to his country, he would forget his duty to God. His lordship referred to the fact of there being no Catholic church in the. town, and their being indebted to their neighbors for the use of a build ing. He was aware that nothing was done at once. But he hoped that in a short time steps would be taken to build a church. One kind gentleman had offered them a site for a building, and, on behalf of the Catholics, he thanked that gentleman for hie liberality. The time would come when there would he a resident priest in Tal langatta. They would require a largo piece of ground, and he suggested that another piece of ground, about an acre and a half, he secured for a presbytery. He hoped to shortly have a substantial reason for revisiting them, namely, to open their new church. His lordship touched upon the Education Act. He remarked that theJState took upon it self the part of father and mother of the rising generation ; grand schools had been built, but tbo children were taught nothing about their God. They were taught where a cortain river rises, and that the natives of a certain coun try had skins of a certain color, but they were to remaiu in ignorance of that God who caused the river to rise and flow to the sea, and who ordered the whole universe. All Christian men must look upon the existing Education Act as a crying injustice—a war upon Christianity. To instruct children in one hour per week in tho science of j salvation—whichnotonly affected them for time, but for eternity—waB impos-1 fiible. Parents very often did not | possess the ability to impart instruc- j tion to their children, and, where the | ability was present, the inclination was 1 sometimes absent. It was the duty of : the State, which received taxes from j all sects .alike, to allow parents to bring up their children ;in the know- ! ledge and fear of God. That would bo : justice, not alone to Catholics, but to all Christianity, for this was aquostiou i affecting all Christians. Otherj deuo-; minations would have to keep schools ; like the Catholics were doing, or unite j in influencing the Government to make j a better provision- While the preseut difficulty continued, he urged parents to look well to the religious instruc tion of their children, and to move in the matter of opening Sunday schools wherever practicable. The Bishop con cluded by delivering a fow earnest and affectionate words of counsel to the young people present. His Lordship and Father Yaa der Heyden left for Kiewa in the afternoon. A ball for winding up the football season, and inaugurating the cricket season, was held at the Tallangatta Court House last night. About 20 couples tripped the light fantastic to the music of Messrs R. (Jrambrook and W. Pemberton. Mr Hughes acted as M.C. A most pleasant evening was spent. The Shaw, Savill, and Albion Com pany’s ship Lyttelton, which left Wel lington, on June 27, with a cargo of frozen meat, arrived here yesterday evening. The condition of the meat is good. 