GREAT BRITAIN. ME. JOSEPH 00WEN, M.P., ON REPEAL OF THE UNION. Mr. Joseph Co wen, MJ?„ addressed his constituents in Newcastle-on-Tyne on Saturday night, 14th February. The following .fine passages in reference to Ireland ooeorred in his speech:— It is a far cry from Egypt to Ireland bnt it is not a jarring one, as there is snuch similarity in the monrnfal-hiitoriea of the two countries. Our troubles in Egypt awili, it is to be trusted, be transient, but in Ireland they are ubiquitous and abysmal. Beferenoe to Ireland is like throwing oil opon blazing brazier—adding to thesccumu lated stores, of reciprocal dissatisfaction We despairingly try to thrnst her ont of sight, or to overlook her. Bnt she will neither be forgotten nor ignored. She haunts us as Banquo's ghost did Mac beth. Official chroniolers parade, with i serenity that nothing ruffles, long arrays of figures to show that rents have been lowered and that evictions have been diminished, that orime has decreased and exports increased. Very consoling information, Mo doubt, to everyone but the landlords. These tables recall the anecdote of the Irish farmer who one day asked a Tory friend, " What does Dr. Cooke Taylor do ?" "He is a sta^ tistician to the Castle,*' was the reply, "And what is a statistician f" rejoined the querist. " A man who is paid for inventing facts for the nse of the Whigs." The Castle authorities may not, as this story insinuates, falsify their returns, but they either do not believe them or they don't draw from them the conclusions they are intended to convey. If the results revealed are so reassuring, how comes it they cling so convulsively to coercion as their only mode of rule P Is it from preference or from fearf If from preference, they are despotic—if from fear they are dissembling. There is an invisible spirit in Irish politics that all our ameliorative legislation cannot allay. Irishmen are not attracted by the brusque, tenacions, but somewhat uncongenial order of mind that distin guiahes our bourgeoisie lawgivers. I has many merits, but has certainly not governed Ireland wisely or well. It is adamantine rather than amiable, and sensitive, quickwitted Irishmen are repelled by it. The Rev. Sydney Smith once gave characteristic expression to the average middle class conception of Irish requirements. He defined the object of the Government to be the securing for the people of roast pork, potatoes, claret, a stout, constable, an honest justioe, and a clear highway. " What's the use," he asks, " of bawling in the streets about the Green Isle, the Isle of the Ooean, the bold anthem of " Erin go Bragh P" A far better anthem would be Erin go bread and cheese, Erin go oabins that would keep .the rain out, Erin go pantaloons without holes in them." Ah I Mr Smith, the sentiment that finds expression in the touching poem that you and men like ypu deride has quickened the heart of many an exile of Erin, and made it tremulous with patriotic amotion amidst rags and penury, It was the same sentimept .tbat prqn}pj;pd the S%mlans jtp offel? their breasjV >8 bulwarks when their republic WAB In danger—that nerved the aim of the patriot Tell and of the Bruce of Bannookburn. It is the sentiment, whioh constitutes to-day a more effective defenoe of England thfcn iill bcr wealth and her ships, all her fortifioatlons and bet arsenals. It Is the living fibre that dies last In every true man. It is because the Inheritors of Mr. Smith's sensual philosophy conoelve that all Irishmen'want Is only a well-filled trough and » well- littered sty—it is because they don't appreciate the finer qualities that are deeply implanted in the Celtic nature — that their efforts for reconciliation have failed. Scarcity wretohedness, hnge, dank, and baleful! are perennial in Ireland, and the people want too urgently all that this facetious but worldly-minded clergyman describes. But they Want something different and more. Every nation has Its Ideal. Qreeoe typified beauty; Rome, force. The Saxon is practical; this Celt is imaginative. Bnt the existence of4hese diversities need areata no intestine antipathies and dissent. If a legitimate outlet Is furnished for their manifestations, they will'lend picturesqueness and strength to the greater nationality whioh should cover all. We have tried In Ireland, with sad and dWMWMJJtfing results, the harshest form of administration. Our method h&e; been a wordand a blow—tlje blow uspallyfirsfc. Snpp^p forpes of geritlpnetti. orlgiealjtuggestiionflertainly. Itis^pia as Christianity. But amidptall our plans we ,; hate.Eot attempted it yet in Ireland. hatred; and xpe^etpafce.ihjsir respptment, Aud what o»n bemore insulting and dis- trustful than the systematic exclusion of iall.Irlshmen from positions of trust and authority in their own oountry P They regard Euoh exclusion as a badge of conquest, a stigma of degradation, and they wince under it and resent -it. Would Englishmen not do thesame? How long would they submit to be ostracised from •the confidence, honours, and emoluments of their native lapd P Material advantages, by all means, and to any extent |Short of exciting corruption or inducing jeffeminaoy; but if Ireland is ever to be won over to settled order and contentment, her affections must be captivated, and her honourable ambition to administer her own affairs gratified. This will not be done by the renewal of the state of siege, » national humiliation that the Cabinet jseem to be contemplating. There are individuals, no doubt, who ask for reparation, but the Irish people, as a body, seek self-government. They want the same looal liberties we have conceded to the colonies, and whioh are riveting rather than disintegrating the Empire. Unionbetweenthetwo countries is essential to the welfare of both. But concord and amity are not incompatible .with the repeal of the ill-starred Act of 1800\. Home Bule might not work as well as its supporters expect; but it is humanly impossible for it to work Worse than the covenant of evil memory whioh was 'carried by bribery and has been upheld by unconstitutional force. No people once fairly invested with legal power has shown any disposition to abuse it, or to indulge in acts of reactionary ven geance. I do not believe the Irish will, 