LOCKED IN THE CHAHNEL-HOUSE, A SEXTON'S TALE. I WAS wandering through one of our little village churchyards in Somersetshire, when seciug thc sexton coming up the path, I went over to hun, and began to talk. Ile was a pleasant, garrulous old man, and many a talc did he tell me about the graves and their occupants; but none so noticeable as thc one I am going to relate. Wc were sitting on ono of thc tombstones, wheuhesaid, "D'ye see yon little mound? Well, therc'B a sad, wcirdish story to tell about it ; and, if you like to hear it, there's none can tell it better than I," Finding inc as willing to hear the talc us lie was to tell it, he bemm as follows : " 'lis a long time ago, and my memory ain't BO good as it used to be, but I'll try to tell all 1 can, just as it happened. I was but a young man then, ami what I'm go- ing to tell happened just before I became sexton herc, where I have been cfer since. The sexton who was herc before nie was a cross, unpleasant fellow ; not really bad at heart-at least 1 novel* thought so-but very sour and churlish in his manners. Ko one seemed to like him, and he seemed to like nobody. And as it turned out, people's dis- like of him was not so ill-founded after all ; though I don't think he was so wrong us it seemed. But I won't deny that what lie did was a cruel, heartless thing, and the chief victim of it was a poor little child in yonder grave. "She lived along with her grandfather in a pretty little cottage hear thc cud of thc village. Folks said the man was of gentle birth, and ought to have had more money than he did ; nut he always seemed happy and contented. Both thc child's parents were dead, poor thing ! but she was too young to mourn for them. They had died when she was a babe, and she had lived ever since with the Old man. She grew up a sweet, winsome little body. You might almost have said that the old man adored her ; but no ! he loved his bible too well for that. Yet, if ever ho loved any mortal thing,. he loved that child, as, in- deed, did every one in the village. Many a time would I carry the little tiling about hi my arms and play with her, and pick flowers for her, or toss ber in the hay in thc hay- fields. Wo all liked the old mau, too ; and some one or other would often look in to see if he wog comfortable, or put the house in order. But there was not much to set to rights in his little cottage ; just two rooms, and very poorly furnished they were. " At thc time I am going to speak of, the child was about eight years old. " It was a fine summer's day, and she had gone out alone in thc afternoon, while the old mau took his 'forty winks.' She was ! alone, but in a quiet little village one never gets anxious about one's children. This tune however, the day wore on, and she did not return. The old man awoke from his nap, and began to feel rather uneasy. Several neighbors, who looked in and chatted with with him, found him getting very nervous and restless, as though Tie had a vague fore- shadowing of some evil coming, without guessing what it was. Tea time passed, and and thc little maid did not turn up. Ono old man brought word that he had seen lier near the churchyard ; another had secu her in the churchyard ; but no one could tell anything more. At last, 6 and 7 o'clock passed, and the village folk began to feel more sympathy with the old man's fears. Some suggested that she had fallen into the river-some talked mysteriously about the gypsies-some Soiutcd to the dark, lonely woods in thc istance. But, though none could offer any solid consolation, all volunteered gladly to go and search for her ; and many went. Perhaps there was only one in the whole village who showed no interest in the matter, and that was the old sexton. But, as I said before, he was a cross, solitary creature, and as he had lived alone some way from any house be never beard of the child's being lost till next morning. "Now, I myself, being a stout, stalwart young fellow, used sometimes to help the old sexton by doing little odd jobs about thc church, digging graves and the like, for he was touched with the rheumatics. And on that very night it chanced that I had to go up to thc church alone, to fetch some- thing I had left the day before. It was now quite late, for the evening had soon passed in useless searching. There was a bright moon i shining, and the air was fresh and breezy. Any other niau would have dreaded to go into thc lonesome church, but I used to boast that I wouldn't mimi goiug there at any hour, in Bpitc of ghosts and ghouls. But thc boldest heart feels creepy sometimes. And that night I felt peculiarly timorsomc. There was many a strange taie told about that church, as doubtless there is of uny church in thc country, and one can't help remembering these tales juBt when one doesn't want to. The souls of suicides, murdered persona, and uubaptised babes were all said to throng in numbers in this particular spot setting aside n few lunática of harmless naturals. " Well, I managed to fetch what I wanted from the church without any adventure, when, all at once, I thought that perhaps tile child had wandered in there and fallen asleep in one of the pews, or got shut in. So I looked about, but couldn't seo her. I saw something, however, that gave me a bit of a clew, and that was her little hat, torn and trampled on the ground. This was rather more than I expected, or indeed liked. I felt that I must stay and look further for her. But to tell thc truth, I felt in a great hurry to get away from the place, livery moan or thc wind gave me quite a turn, and thc white moonlight looked quite ghastly. So I was just thinking of a hasty departure when suddenly a new thought^ struck me ! C^ùT3'^sTïë~have"gôVTu5ô~llie vaîdts" "below"-! When I had thought of this, I felt honied, somehow, to search for her. I felt I should not bc doing lily duty by tho old man if I didn't do all I could to lind his little maid. But to go down into the cold damp vaults at that Hour of thc night was more than many a man have liked to do, and I kind of shivered at thc very thought of it. And yet, I didn't like to run away from nothing, so I tried to pluck up my courage, and, after listening a while at the top of the steps, I began to descend to thc crypt. "Oh ! it was dark and fearful 11 seemed to eec all sorts of strange figures flitting about in the shadows, and to hear weird voices ringing through thc silence. My tread was not very firm, I can tell you. I felt as tim- orous as a hare. I could hear my heart pit a-pat, throbbing as though it would burst ; and every breath I took Beamed to wake echoes and noises around me. But I man- aged to get as far as the crypt, lt was used UB a charnel-house then, and a nasty place enough it was, even in the daytime, hut at night ! Ugh !-thc very thought is horrible. " Well, a kind of fate seemed to lead mc on, and on I went. I felt that I must come what may-look into that charnel house ! " For a moment I waited outside thc old iron-studded door ; but I didn't hear any- thing but a little sigh of wind creeping through the grated window. So with a bold effort, I turned the rusty key in the lock and pushed open thc door. Thc place was as dark OB pitch and as still ss death. But in one corner a long pale ray of moonlight waa falling direct upon thc bare damp walls and on the white mouldering bones and bodies that covered the ground. And in the furthest corner, full iu the moonlight, with eyes glazed and staring, and hands clasped, frenziedly, crouched a figure. ?Good God ! It was the child herself ! She was stiff, motionless, and dead ! " What I did then you may consider very cowardly ; but I question if you would not have done thc same yourself. I gave a cry, and rushed wildly up the steps, with the echoes of my shrieks following me like the laughs of hell-fiends. When I had got into the open air my brain cooled a little, and I ran for bein. I soon met a party who were searching for the lost one whom"I bad BO suddenly, found ; and with them I -went once moro down into the cbarnel-vaiilt. ' The poor child was stone dead ; uud the village doctor, who was with us, said she must have died fn raving agonies. Her pretty little lips were bitten through and through in the convulsions of her terror, and her eyes still stared with a wild frenzied look that lean never forget. . " I suppose you wander how she got there. Well, it was nil through that old sexton I told you of. -The child had wandered into thc churchyard, and gathered the flowers on thc graves. Now, the old man took a great pride in Iiis flowers, and he often grumbled at thc children for picldng them ; so, he thought he would nuke an example. Seizing the wandering girl, he led her Into thc church, and shut lier in the crypt, meaning to let her out in an hour. But bc was an all man, and forgetful, and you know the rest. " And that's about all my tale. I got the place of sexton, and have kept it ever since. My hands dug yon little grave, and they dug thc grandfather's soon after. It's not many more graves they'll dig now !" 