/Sporting- Memsii Bosworfch was passed in at' sale last- week >t £igpo; ; ':/ ; /"/ !;> ' Sullivan, the greatest /living pugilist/33 only 27; years of age.. ; '.,:y --./ / Jem Mace and Tom King : fought twice, , and each gained a victory. , /" //,/'' A mania exists in England : for 10,000 point billiard matches, and they attrabt thousands. Sullivan, the pugilist, has invited Ryan to fight for the ohampionship of the world and £4000. Hutchins' 800 yards in 30sec. a'; Edinburgh, Jan. 2, 1884, is still the best record in the world. Mr. Robinson, the New Zealand sports man is sending Vanguard and another horse to compete on the English turf. : Capri (3 to 1) took the Maiden Plate, Flemington, Hampstead (5 to 4 on) being easily beaten. Time, 2min. 16|seo. 14 miles. Courtney, the swindling Yankee Oars man, has been presented with a new shell. This shell is a coffin as far as public confidence goes.,. The Newcastle boxing match for £50 and no gammon, between Powell, of Sydney, and Cahill, of Coalhole, promises to be a lively affair. Bung ! £1000 to £600 for the 1J mile event between Maggie Moore and Joe oh tho New castle course. Why didn't they make it — millions ? Football is older than cricket, as far as Australia is concerned. .-The first match ./was played by some of Wellington's soldiers at Sydney, July 25, 1829. Milfer refused to meet Jackson anywhere but in New Zealand. The/ latter has backers for amounts up to £3000. But there's no doubt Miller can lay him out. . -None of the English sporting touts named Bendigo for the Great Lincolnshire, and none of the Australian tipsters gave Lord Wilton for the Adelaide Cup. This is a federation— of stupidity. . In the 8-mile trotting match, £100 a side, May 11, at Randwick, between Darkie and Sir William, the former won in 9min. 9sec; Sir William broke three times, or he would have won by many lengths. Teemer, tired of waiting for Hanlan's return from America, advertised thus in the press : .—"I will row for honour this season, at the close of which I will retire champion of the world, and the greatest sculler that ever lived." More bung. Huxiey, who was cruelly treated by dis appointed tipsters, when he lost the Victorian Derby on a proven duffer, is said to dying from in juries received at Windsor. Huxley was one of the best riders in this country, and honest.as well. .An .American . sportsman who recently paid 2000 guineas for the English bred, Alcantara,, and 4000 guineas for another, Alcyone, Kas hired for two years for 2000 guineas, the 14 year old dam. Alma Mater, from the English mare Estella by Australian. . Moneypenny, the famous Irish trainer, has been engaged by the great Italian sportsman, Prince Borzbis, who will be represented in future on the /French and English turf. Salary £1500 a year and perks., What a greeting there'll. be between these two Romans. \- -f.l-i Anaond o 4- f nn 8 arl flin - UiaVaIq tournament at the Sydney grounds. The five; mile 'Intercolonial Championship wa? a gift to /Bennett of Sydney. Mr/Bennett (who is one of the firm ef Bennett & Wood, bicycle importers of Sydney)' was loudly cheered for his grand; finish. He also beat the Australian mile record by. 29sec. Lord Wilton started at 8 to 1 for the Adelaide Cup, and won in 2.53J, some seconds faster than Malua. Anchorite, Plausible, Lantern, , and Sardius fought for first place in the last quar ter, but Sanders cleverly brought Lord Wilton out, and won half a length from Anchorite, who was- second— Sardius being third. ' Lantern ran splen didly, and is worth watching. Slade, the whitey-brown N.Z, pugilist, now 30 years of age, and a failure in the States, is- the son of an Irishman by the daughter of a Maori chief. He stands 6ft. 2Jin., and untrained weighs 15st. 131b., and trained 14st. He is weak however in the chest from his mother (all the Maoris are inclined to pulmonary complaints), and is not the stuff to make a pugilist. He was discovered at the plough by Jem Mace when the latter was travelling in New Zealand. The great fight for £400 at Pittsburg, U.S., February 23, between Patrick Kirbey's English bred bulldog, Jack Napoleon, and John Crellin's Anglo-American dog, Tiger, wa3 won in an hour and a half by the former, who killed Tiger. Both dogs fought at 351b., and tackled work most savagely. Tiger bad the best of it in the first two rounds', but age told on him ; and when the ninth round was called Tiger walked to the centre of the pit then returned to his corner and fell over. When picked up he was dead. Both dogs were horribly .lacerated, but the victor was still fresh and full of fight. 1400 people paid 3s. to witness the spectacle which was more brutalising than even a prize fight- Sir Patrick, list. 12 ; won . the S. A. Hurdle, 2 miles in 4min. 2|-sec., Old Soul and Echo second and third. The St. Leger was won by the Broker (3 to, 2), Silver King (even money) and 8andar'(4 to 1) being second and third. The Broker came at the finish and won by a neck. Distance/If- miles, and 132 yards; time, 3min. 21Jsec. The Goodwood Handicap, 250 sovs. 1 mile, fell to Lantern, 5yrs, fist. 121b., (8 to 1 chance) Lord Wilton (7 to 1), and the Ghost (12 to 1) being second and. third. Time, lmin. 44sec. The favourite Topaz (3 to 1, and backed for . some thousands) was nowhere. Lantern ap peared to have . run a splendid race and never lost position ; at the sheds he went to the front, swept into the post three lerighs ahead of the field, Lord Wilton,' Ironmaster, St. Lawerence, Pilleroo, Middlemarch and the Ghost being together. At the distance Lord Wilton came with a rush, but couldn't get up and. ran second, beating the Ghost by a head. Juarina (4 to 1 on) won in a canter the Sires' Produce Stakes. The glove contest between John F. Scboles and Charley Mitchell was decided at the. Adelaide Rink, Toronto, on Feb. 231 A tremendous, crowd filled the rink, and great interest was manifested over the affair. Billy Edwards, the- retired light-weight champion, attended Scholes- Thb contest was one of the most interesting ever witnessed. Scholes was in first class trim, and! proved he was a scientific, clever pugilist.; The OArtf.oaf. vtTQ a (TAiravno/l Vitt " Prtlinn /"lo rrAffa " taiIoh and medium sized gloves were used. In the first round, Mitchell made Scholes' victualling depart ment the point of attack, while Scholes ' landed his; i blows on Mitchell's face. . During the round. Mitchell knocked Scholes clean off his pins, but he; quickly resumed the contest. The referee an nounced that Mitchell had scored fourteen points and Scholes seven. . In the second round there was no sparring. Mitchell went right to work to end the affair, if possible. Soholes proved be was in. the race/for he landed a terrific left hand blow on Mitchell's month, which made the ivories rattle and drew the claret. First blood was claimed for Scholes and allowed, amid tremendous cheering. Mitchell for a moment, was riled, and he forced the- fighting, and by a tremendous right hand blow- again knocked Scboles down. The round ended! with seven points for Mitchell and six for the- Canadian champion. The third round, Sckoles; held his own, although the referee decided six points for Mitchell and four for Scholes. In the; fourth round both men were well wound up to work and give a capital exhibition. Some hard but comparatively harmless blows, that did not tell, were given bj each man, and time was called when they had begun to develp some good fighting. The score then stood ten for Mitchell pnd seven fcr Scholes--Mitchell thus winning by nine points. 