NORTHERN TERRITORY NOTES. [From the N. T. Times of November 21 and 28.] From up country we bear excellent reports of the appearance of the country. The early rains have not only laid the dust upon the main road, but also made the feed spring up at a marvellous rate. The teamsters are de- lighted, and a really good shower or two will soon start most of the mills going which are now idle. There is not much news from the new gold discoveries in the Kimberley district. The two men who brought in the 8 oz., and made the application for the £5,000 reward offered by the Government of Western Australia, have returned to their mates, whom they left still prospecting. The men seem very sanguine of success, and many par- ties are being organised to give the district a trial. We should, however, advise our readers to wait a little while before rushing to this new field, as the district is almost uninhabited, and means of transport from Derby or Cam- bridge Gulf difficult and expensive. The Government steamer Palmerston sailed on Sunday, November 15, for the Roper and Macarthur rivers with Messrs. Hingston and Cutbbertson's survey parties. Mr. Hingston's work will consist of surveying a new township on the Roper River, while Mr. Cuthbertson will complete the sur- vey of the township of Borroloola, on the Macarthur. In the meanwhile Captain Carrington will proceed to thoroughly examine several important portions of the coast and comparatively unknown rivers, a work which cannot fail to prove of great value now that so many coasting vessels are engaged in carry- ing supplies of stores for the stations being formed and stocked on the north-eastern coast. It is currently reported that there is some probability of a branch of the Bank of South Australia being established in Palmerston. sympathetic visitor into her confidence. She was like her brother, not of so steady a soul as Grace, and this was to her in supportable, as his more terrible anguish was to him. It was from Tom Ford, however, the man without nerves, the cool-headed, mercantile person whom Trix had so often stonned at as unsenaitive and hard to move, that the touch of impatience came. He said one day at breakfast suddenly, without warning, ' I think, Trix, if there is no word to-day, 1 shall run up to town and tee with my own eyes what Oliver is up to. We cannot let this go on.', ' Run up to town to-day ? Tom, you have' heard something, you know more than we do ' 'Nothing of the sort; but I feel a re sponsibility. He is your brother, and that poor girl met him in our house. I must see what it means. I can't let it run on like this. She has no brother to stand up for her. I want to know what the fellow means.' 'Tom, you must not go and bully Oliver. He would never stand that, even when he was a boy.' ' I have no intention of bullying him. I want to know what he means,' Mr. Ford repeated doggedly. _ And then Trix, what with fear lest his interference should b9 resented, what with eagerness to solve the mystery, insisted on going to; to which her husband did not object, having fore seen it. She went out immediately and told Grace. The sense of being about to do something is a great matter to a woman who in most emergencies of her life is compelled to wait while others do what is to be dene. Movement is hope to her, and gives her a confidence that all must come right. ' Tom and I are going. Tom has busi ness of his own, and he takes this oppor tunity.^ And he thinks I may as well go with him, and this mystery will be cleared up. I Bhall telegraph to you at once, the moment I have seen him, Grace.' Grace was greatly startled by this sudden resolution, though she said very little, But when they started by the afternoon train she was there at the station to meet them. ' I think I will go too.' she said. ' You know I have a great deal of—shopping to do.' And not a word was said by which a Btranger could have divined that this was an expedition, not of shopping, but of outraged love and despair. They ar rived in London late, with a sort of under standing that nothing could be done that Bight. But when the ladies had been settled at their hotel, Mr. Ford went out to take, as he said, a walk. He went through the gloomy streets; through the Strand, with all its noise and crowd, tothe Temple, where Oliver's chambers were. He had not told his wife even where he was going. He thought there might be something to learn which it would be better the women Bhould not hear; and, perhaps, he thought too, that it would be a triumph without their aid to bring the wanderer back. He went all that long way on foot, thinking within himself that the later he was the more likely he was to find Oliver, and turning over in his mind what he would say. _ He would represent to him the folly of his behavior, the madness of throw ing thus his best hopes away. Ford wa3 very anxious, more anxious than he would have confessed to anyone. He did not, indeed, think of such a possibility as that which had really happened ; but his mind was prepared for some complication, some entanglement that had to be got rid of; perhaps even some tie made in earlier years which Oliver had believed himself to have got rid of, and which had come to life again, as such things will. Who could tell ? he might have married, and have thought his wife was dead, and have been roused out of his happiness by the terrible news that this was not true. Such a thing IS Hot uncommon in fiction, for instance ; and Mr. Ford like many busy men was a great novel reader. He wa3 ready even, terrible though it would be, to hear that this was the cause of his brother-in-law's disappearance. But, perhaps, he hoped, it might be something not so bad as that. He was a longtime gone. So long that Trix got alarmed, and in her uneasiness -hurst into Grace's room, who was going to rest, to wait with what patience she might for the morning, which, she said to her self, must end all suspense. Her self restraint was sadly broken by the irrup tion into her room of Trix with all her fever. ' Where do you think he can have gone? Oh, what do you think can have happened to him ?—such dreadful things happen in London,' Mrs. Ford cried, rising gradually into higher and higher excitement. She thought of garotters ; of roughs who might have followed him along the embankment (though she scarcely knew where that was) and already her imagination figured him ljh:g on the pavement senseless, perhaps unconscious, unable to tell any one where to carry him. ' a he only address that would be found upon him would be our address at home, and if they telegraphed there, and then telegraphed here, how much time would be lost. And it i3 too late even to tele graph, she said, as these miserable anti cipations gained upon her. But what could two women do in a London hotel ? J hey could not go out with a lantern and search for his body about the streets, and they did not even know where or in what direction he had gone. ' He has gone to And your brother,' Grace suggested once ; ■ but J rxx would not hear of this. ' .Never ' she said ' without letting me know.' ' At last when it was after midnight a hansom drove up to the hotel, and Mr. Ford appeared, exceedingly pale and with an air of great agitation and distress. He told them that Oliver was very ill; that he had found him in a most critical state, but happily had been able to get a doctor and stop the mischief. He would not be more explicit; they had managed to stop the mischief, that was all he would say He had a letter in his hand which he had read imperfectly by the lamplight as ho drove back, and by the dying candles in VVentworths room, into which ho had almost forced his way. lie told his wife that he had found on Oliver's desk this long letter addressed to himself, and «ave her an outline of the story, which brought such a shriek from Trix as sounded through the partition and Btartled Grace once more in the solitude to which she ad returned again. She appeared between the husband and wife a minute after m her white dressing-gown, white as the gown she wore. ' There is something you have not toid me. Tell me what it is, she said. It had been a momentary relief to her to know that Oliver was ill. i • wa? s0> everyfcliing might be ex fJalIleJ^' kut And now she heard mat there was something more. W«*?' ?r,ace' go t0,bed> oll> go to bed. ^°W ourBeJvea To-morrow morning, the very first thing after vou have had a night's rest ' y whiteC8Z°tr?St sha said> ™th white lips, until I know. There is nothing that cannot be borne,' she added know^ rWards' ' except not to They made a curious contrast. Trix all flushed with excitement and distress hPP voice choked with tears, her eyes over flowing ; and she who was even more con cerned, she who believed herself to be Oliver Wentworth's bride, in that breath lesB silence of suspense, afraid to make a sound, to waste a word, lest perhaps she should miss some recollection, some in r.^ion of what to her was life or death. I Have something here to read, if you think you can bear it. It is not good news.' ° 'Oh, Tom, for the love of heaven, don't trace, go to your room, dear ! Oh, go to I ed, and 111 come—I'll come and tell you ss soon as we know.' 'It Is Oliver's hand,' said Grace. '1 can bear whatever he has written. JBut let me have it at once, for this suspense is more than I can bear.' ' Grace—Grace!'——. But Mr. Ford interrupted hi3 wife. He saw that Grace was not to be put off any longer, and indeed was capable of nothing but knowing the truth. He brought the easiest chair for her, with that pathetic instinct which makes us so careful of the bodies of those whose hearts we are about to crush. She made 110 opposition. She would have done anything— anything, bo long as it brought her nearer the end. Ford had the discrimination to see this, and that the only thing she could not bear was delay. He began at once to read the letter, of which he had already told the chief parts to his wife. The two candles placedtogether on the mantelpiece flickered and drearily doubled in the mirror be hind, while the bare hotel room, with its big bed and wardrobes, formed an in cistinct, cool background. Mr. Ford stood by the mantelpiece and read slowly, in a Voice of which he had not always command. Trix behind him, sobbing, crying, exe'aiming, unable to restrain her self, was moving up and down, sometimes stopping to look over his Bhoulder, some times throwing herself into a seat. In the centre, the white figure, all white, motion less, sat in her chair. She was prepared for anything. Except a start and shiver when she heard cf the marriage she scarcely made a sign from beginning to end. The others were distracted, even in their own horror and pity, by an anxious desire to know how she would take it. But Grace was disturbed by no such secondary feelings. At that point her hands, which had been lying in her lap, closed in a convulsive clasp, but save this she made no sign, listening to every word till the end. Jiven after the end it was some time before she moved or spoke. Then she pointed to it, and said faintly— ' It is a letter—is he—is he gone away !' ' You have heard all this ; I must tell you more—I must tell you everything,' Baid Ford. He was much agitated, hi3 lips quivering, his voice failing altogether now and then. 'I believe,' he said, struggling to get out the words, ' I am sure that the noise I made at his door saved his life. His arm must have swerved at the moment of firing the pistol.' She rose to her feet with a quick, sud den cry, ' The pistol ? That! That!' She supported herself against the mantel piece, against which he, too, was leaning, and there seemed to rise in the mirror a pale white ghost, facing the darker figure. ' Oliver,' she said, ' Oliver! tell me everything. That is his last word, and he is dead!' 'No, no, no—oh, no!' came in Trix's voice from behind. Ford took her hands from their clutch on the marble, and put her back into her chair. All he was afraid of wa3 that she would faint or die, perhaps, in his arms. 'He is alive; he is wounded, but not fatally. Oh, Grace, what can we say to you, Trix and I ? It is greatly our fault. My poor girl, cry or something. Don't look like that. You must put him out of your thoughts. You must ' She shook herself free of him with im patience. 11 am asking you about Oliver,' she said. 'Oliver—who is with him? Who is taking care of him ? Have you left him alone, with no one ? Trix, are you going to him, or shall IV The husband and wife looked at each other in dismay. Mrs. Ford stilled in a moment her sobs and exclamations, not knowing what to reply. ' You are nearest him in blood, but I am nearest in ' She paused for a moment, then shook her head sadly. 'Perhaps you think,' she said, 'that it will be better for him—to die.' ' Oh, no, Grace ! No ! no Oh, Grace, what can I say V ' He is not going to die,' Ford said roughly, in the agitation of his mind. But you, you must think no more of him, Grace, He has no claim upon you. This miseiable marriage ' ' Marriage !' she said, again rising, re sisting his attempt to support her. ' You think a woman has no idea but marriage. "What is that to me ? I have been fearing I know not what; but now—it is not that I forgive him, I approve. You may wonder at me if you will, I approve. And if he should die I accept his legacy. I thank God lie had that trust in me, and that he did what was right. Oh, Trix, Tiix, Oliver is dying, and you and I standing idly hero!' 