V.A.T.C. MEETING, The Boxing Day meeting of the V.A.T.C. was held at Caulfield on Saturday. The weather was fine, and the attendance good, including His Excellency the Governor and weather was fine, and the attendance good, including His Excellency the Governor and suite. The following are the results : — rao&cio; back. First Pop, by King Cole—Spes, 7st (Flannigan) .. 1 Medea, 7 st2lb. (Page) .. .. 2 Bopetown, 7?t4lb. 3 Other starters-Bishop, Reprise, Pan, Straight Shot. Betting— l to Aon Pint Pop. sto 1 against Medea. After the flag fell Medea went to the front followed by Hopetown and First Fop. Coming round the torn these three were abreast, but the favorite had a slight advantage in die straight, which she maintained to the finish after a good straggle with lledea, who was beaten by a bare half length. Hopetown was third two lengths away, then came Straight Shot, Pan, Bishop, and Bepnse. Tune, 1 min. 13 sec. The winner iraseold to Mr. J. Warae for j6SS. ITOBDLK RACE. Bering*, by Panic, 9st 51b. (Ferguson) „ ..1 Grattan. lost. lib.(EMoff) 2 Graeral Jackson, 10 6t 61b. (Batty) S Other starters—Vulcan, Oculist, Distiller, Arean thorne. Vanderhat Betting—7 to 4 against Vulcan, 7to 2 General Jack son, 9 to 2 Deringa, S to 1 Vanderbnt. After the first hurdle was negotiated Van derbOt went to the front and led for the greater part of the journey, then followed Arganthorne, Vulcan, Deringa, General Jackson, and Distiller last. Oculist ran off at the hurdle on the hill, where Arganthorne feU. Along the bask turn Vanderbnt still led, with Deringa, General Jackson, and Vulcan almost abreast sot far from him. Approaching the straight Deringa took the lead, ard Vanderbilt tired and cannoned against some of the hones lauding over the last hurdle, the result beine that he fell heavily. Deringa came home a winner by a clear length from Grattan, who made a great run in the straight. General Jackson was third and did not finish well. Distiller and Vulcan came hi in the order named, the others not finishing. lime, Smin. 39 sec srmiE? cop. Srahorse, by Kelpie—tSaribel.BBt.2lb. (Power).. 1 Cascriae, Rst Bld. (Trahan) 2 Agent, 7et. 81b(HuU&?B) ~ 3 Other starters—Grace Darling, Lord ?2tos, Hilltop, Cncas, 8 Hippogriff, Herman, and First Prince. Betting—4 to 1 agatngt Camerine, 5 (Jncas, Hilltop, . Agent, and Seahorse, 8 Hippogriff, 10 Grace Darling. OBmenne, Seahorse, and JSilltop were the first ' away, with Lord Wilton last Passing the stand Sea horse was two lengths in front of Hilltop, followed by Cemerine, First Prince, and Lord Wilton. At the hill on the turn Bippogriff ran up second, and at the back shot to the front Cncas taking second place in . front of Seahorse, HUltm Lord Wilton, and Agent next, with Grace Darling last AtthesodwaUHmtop dropped back, end Hippogriff showed the way into the straight, Cocas and Meahoree being close behind. "As the struggle home commenced Agent came op hi the centre and looked like a winner, but Camerine and Seahoise each made a. good effort, the last-named winning cleverly by three-quarters of a. length from Camerine, who was half a length in front of Agent. Cncas was fourth, then came Grace Darling, first Prince, Lord Wilton, and Herman, lime, K min. 36 sec. JUVKNILK STAKES. Dividend, by Bohon Green—Froo Fron, 8 ?t (Power) ....„..___! Nob, BBt-lllb. (Moore) .. .. .. „ 8 Gadfly, 7 et.Ulb. (Williams) .. _ .. ..8 Other etarteis—Louise, Berta, Betort, Munwyrtdna, Day Star, Mainsail, Master John, Mistral, Sweet Marion. Betting—3 to 1 against Louise, Berta, 4 Gadfly, Kan. Dividend, 6 Munwyrtina and Betort, 10 Day Star and Master Join. Dividend nnd Sweet Marion were the Sot to show in front, with Hunwj rUna and Nun in good positions. Turning into the straight Sir John via in a promi nent position, Dividend etiU leading. la the nrn home the latter easily maintained his advantage witbont *njr great effort, and won by a length and a half from Hun, Gadfly was third, then came Louise Berta and Day Star, while Mistral finished last Time, lmin.s?ec snarL?ciusE Header, by King Tom—Pandora, II st. 91b. (Mr. B. Watson) ..__..„.. 1 T?dyABfcton, 11 et 61b. (Mr. Gardener) .. -2 HatfVe,U?t.(alr.llQLeod) 3 Other et*rter?-Btarash,Narmng, Chester Seooni. Betttog-Mni against Lady Aftiton and Natire, 4 Mender a?d???mg, lOto 1 Starfish. lAdylisttonTed'?wtfaem*fence at whteh Chester 'fan rather heavily, nan led 'over the fences Starfish, and MwnderT^ipteg rimnd^M turn Memder ran up third, while ttar?sh dropped back last, and fell atthebact. - .Passunthe sbud for the eecend time Lady AshtOD \ras in at?jead < folloired by Hernder, Native, and Namuig. Over tta logs Uernder had a length advantage of Pearson's mare, who was foQowea by Native and Naming. Their positions were unchanged until the far turn towards boms was reached, where -Narrang went up very fast, and fell over the last lenee, but Hernder, Lady Ashton, and NaUve were well together. The last-named, however, fell at the last fenoe, the race home resulting in a win for Hernder by six lengths. Satire, who wasqukily remountsd.wa?thud. Tune, 6 min. 34 sec M4LVBHK HASDICAF. Solo, by Newminster—Lady Susan, 7st (Neesoa) 1 Gardenia, 7St. 3lb. (Williams) ~ .. .. 2 AUacder, 7 st 6 Ib. (Hughes) B Other starters—Ghost, Anchorite, Napier, Jocular, tando, AH Gold, Bonnie Boon, Leporello, Honora, ' Badland, Kundo, Agatha, Koolo, 8b Odilte, Umbra, Land. League, Oasmuner, Buttress. Betting— 0 to 4 against Solo, S to 1 Umbra, 7St Od?le, & Lando, 10 Land League, AlUndw, and . Jocular, 12 Honora. Land League was quickest away. Anchorite being left at the post. After a short distance had been travelled Umbra went to the front, followed closely by Solo, with Honora and St. OdiUa prominent. Solo led into thesUaight, with Allandex, Umbra, StOdille, in the van. At the distance Gardenia came with a ruth, but the favorite easily stared it off. and won by ?length. AHanderwas Sard, half a length behind Gardenia; St OdiHe was fourth ; then corns Hc&ota; Ghost, Umbra, with Nuncio and Badland last Time, 1 min. 31 sec. 4. 