JEALOUSY: A True Tale of Modern Life. CHAPTER XXXIX. Of course pity was tho first feeling ; but, by the time Mrs Gaunt revived, her fainting, so soon after Mr. Atkins's proposal, had produced a sinister effect on tho minds of all present ; and every face showed it, except the wary Houseman's. On her retiring, it broke out first in murmurs, then in plain words. N As for Mr. Atkins, he now showed the moderation of an able man who feels.he has a strong cause. He merely said, 'I think there should be con- stables about, in case of an escapa being attempted ; but I agree with Mr. Houseman, that your worships will be quite justified in taking bail, provided the corpus delicti should not be found. Gentlemen, you we c most of you neighbours and friends of the deceased, and are, I am sure, lovers of justisa : I do entreat you to aid mo in searching that piece of water, by the side of which the deceased gentleman was heard to cry for help ; and, much I fear, he crit d in vain.' Tho persons thus appealed to entored into the matter with all tho ardour of ju^t men, whose curiosity as wall as justice is inflamed. A set of old rusty drags was found on the premises ; and men went punting up and down the mere, and dragged it. Eude hooks were made by the village blacksmith, rind fitted to cart-ropes; another boat was brought, to Hernshaw in a waggon, and all that afternoon the bottom of the mero was raked; and seme curious things fished up. But no de.sd man. The next day a score of amateur dragsmen wero out : sonia throwing their drags from the bridge ; some circulating in boats, and even in large tubes. And, meantime, Mr. Atkins and his craw went steadily up and down, dragging every foot of those placid waters. They worked till dinuer-timo, and brought up a good copper pot with two haadlcs, a horse's head, and several docuj e I trunks of trees, which had become saturated, and punk to the bottom. At about three in the afternoon, two boys who, for want of a boat, were dragging from the bridge, found something heavy but elastic at the end of their drag : they pulled up eagerly, and a thing like a huge turnip, half gnawed, came np, with a great bob, and blasted their sight. They let go, drags and all. and stood shrieking, and shrieking Those who were nearest them called out, and asked what was tho matter ; but the boys did not reply, and their faces showed so white, that a woman, whj saw them, screamed to Mr. Atkins, and said s.iB was sure those bays had seen something out of thf. common. Mr. Atkins came up, and found tho boys blubber- ing. Ho encouraged them, and they told him a fearful thing had come up ; it was like a man's head and shoulders all scooped out and gnawed by the fishes ; and hid torn the drags out of their handä. Mr. Atkins made them tell bim the exact place; and was soon upon it with his boat. The water here was very deep, and though the boys kept pointing to the very spot, thc drags found nothing for some time. But at last they showed, by their resistance, that they had clawed hold of something. ' Draw slowly,' said Mr. Atkins, ' and, if it is, be men, and hold fast." The men drew slowly, slowly, and presently there rose to the turfaee a Thing to Btrike terror and loathing into tho stoutest heart. The mutilated remains of a human face and body. ? Thc greedy pike had cleared, not the features only, but the entire flesh off the face ; but had left thc hair, and thc tight skin of tho forehead, though their teeth had raked this last. The remnants they had left maio what they had mutilated doubly horrible; since now it was not a skull ; not a skele- ton; but a face and a man gnawed down to thc bones and hair aid feet. These last were in stout shoos that resisted even those voracious teeth ; and a leathern stock had offered some little protection to thc throat. Tho men groaned, and hid their faco3 with one hand, and pulled softly to tfto shore with the other ; and then, with half-avertpd faces, they drew the ghastly remains and fluttering rjgs gently and reverently to land. Mr. Atkins yielded to nature and was violently sick at tho sight he had searched for so eagerly. As soon as he recovered his powers, he bade the constables guard the body (it was a body, in law), and see that no ono laid so much as a finger on it until some magistrate had taken a deposition. He also sent a messenger to Mr. Honaeman, telling him the corpus delicti was found. Ho did this, partly to show that gentleman he was right in his judg- ment, and partly out of oommon humanity ; since, after this discovery, Mr. Houseman's client was sure to be tried for her life. A magistrate soon came, and viewed tho remains, and took careful noteB of the state in which they were found. Houseman came, and was much affected both by the sight of bia dead friend, eo mutilated, and by the probable consequences to Mrs. Gaunt. However, as lawyers fight very hard, he recovered himself enough to remark that there were no marka of violence before death, and insisted on this being inserted in tho magistrate's notes. An inquest was ordered nest diy, and meantime Mrs. Gaunt was told sho could not quit tho upper apartments of her own house. Two constables were placed on the ground floor night and day. Ni.*xt day the remains were removed to the little inn, where Griffith had spent so many jovial hours ; lai I on a table, and covered with a white sheet. The coroner's jury sat in the same room, as was then the custom, and the evidenes I have already noticed was gone into, and the finding of the body d°posed to. Tho jury, without hesitation, returned a verdict of wilful murder. Mrs. Gaunt was then brought in. She came, white aa a ghost, leaning upon Houseman's shoulder. Upon her entering, a juryman, by a humane im- pulse, drew tho sheet over the romains again. The coroner, according to thc custom of the day, put a question to Mrs. Gaunt, with the view of eliciting her guilt. If I remember light, he asked how she came to be out of doors so late on the night of the murder. Mrs. Gaunt, however, was in no condition to answer queries. I doubt if she even heard this one. Her lovely eyes, dilated with hor- ror, wera fixed on that terrible sheet, with a stony glance. 'Show me,' she gasped, 'and let me die too.' The jurymen looked, with doubtful faces, at the coroner. He bowed a grave aBsenl. The nearest juryman withdrew the sheet. Now, the belief was not yet extinct that the dead body Bhows soma signs of its murderer's approach". Sa every oye glared on her and It by tiirns, as she, with dilated, horror- stricken orbs, looked on that awful Thing. 