THE AUSTRALIAN SYDNEY,' SATURDAY, DEO. 19, 1885. Christmas Time, As becometh the season, the JOTJRNAI. of this morning is essentially a holiday offering. Thc Christmas _ issue is the one of all the year when the sharp round of everyday practical life is rele- gated' to a secondary place in these columns. It has, like Christmas itself, become the break in the business aspect of things-when thoughtful men review the situation around, and especially their own position, in the busy " work-a-day " world ; and the hopeful-minded look forward to the brighter time always in prospect for I them. As individual part of the community, the hopeful spirits are desirable ; even grumblers I do good after their kind-they prevent the sort of stagnation likely to creep over a community I when they feel disposed to rest, satisfied that they ¡ are just perfect, that no further improvement is necessary. We would be of the very last to curb the life-giving tendency of the festive season. Christmas is at once the happiest and saddest epoch of the year. Xt no time does the past come back, incident by incident shining out in colors vivid and lifelike, as the present. We cannot be more than human ; and would not willingly .be less. We are reminded of many things-of the capacity for happiness, and also of our surroundings, as individuals and as a community-the bright side and the reverse of the picture. And it becomes evident that the great Christian holiday can be made " u j good time" for those who have but little oppor ! tunity for looking on the bright side of nature, j In our practical colonial life, Christmas is shorn ' of much of the mystical, which in ages past, and even to the present day, throws a halo of mysterious pleasure over Christmas peculiarities in other lands. The difference of seasons-for here we are in the midst of the brightest mid- summer on earth-accounts for this in some degree, no doubt. Education, too, lias much to do with the change. Youthful Australians enjoy the gifts of old Father Christmas, Santa Claus, and other notabilities, with quite as much glee as the youngsters of other lands, perhaps with greater zest, as the higher degree of intelligence puts a keener edge upon anticipation. But lie or she in Australia is very young indeed who is not fully aware of the real characteristics of " Santa Claus "-that fruitful source of delicious surprises thrust into little stockings. Belief in fairyland, ghost nor goblin, is not to young Australians j their environments, climate to boot, are not adapted for the mythical in any shape or form. Every- thing supernatural seems to have evaporated with the aboriginal race ; and even they were not superstitious nor credulous to any marked degree. But notwithstanding this dash of the real and practical in colonial life, the exquisite pleasure of giving and receiving is not a whit less real or enjoyable. The truth of the grand fact, "It is more blessed to give than to receive" is growing and advancing apace. Most significant of the times, and most worthy of encou 'genient in colonial life, is the increasingly effective manner in which Christmas memories are kept green and fresh in oves hospitals, asylums, and schools, and the poor in health, in spirits, and in pocket are remem- bered. May this festive season surpass the. others that have gone before in this Christian work," ie the desire of earnest minds. Of the position and prospects of the colony at this, the close of another year, little need be said here. There is cause for much caution in a national sense, and for all the care and attention that those at the head of affairs can bestow upon public concerns. But there is no cause for alarm, although public affairs are undoubtedly in a mixed state. Would that we had more public-spirited men amongst us of the stamp and mental calibre to manage the affairs of the state. It is only the unvarnished truth that tho existing run of public men are a " poor lot." It will be good for the country when others develop the skill necessary to hold the reins of power, and the bunglers can be relegated to back seats. There is hope in that direction. Several of the new men are excellent in their business records, and the man who manages his own affairs well is the more likely to do good service for the State, so we trust that the time is not far distant when oppor- tunity will arise, and be taken, to prove their thoroughness as regards the country's welfare. So far as the seasons are concerned, the year is the most trying in colonial history ; nor has the trial passed away. Many thousands of our fcllow I colonists are driven to their wit's ends to keep, themselves afloat, and their affairs straight, until the much-needed rain brings the relief of which the country stands so much in need. : AU feel the pinch which the wool and agricul- tural interests are striving strenuously to over- come, which call forth the best characteristics of the race from which we have sprung. It is truly the time, this Christmas-tide of 1885, for feeling to tho fuKest force the strength of that old Scottish I aphorism: "Put a'stout heart to a steep.brae." i Many are doing so .. at this present moment,'; and I they: have our warmest desire towards tiding the difficulty» To them then, as to all others, our best hopes go;forth, and hearty wishes for f : !¡ A MERBY CHRISTMAS and A HAPPY NEW TEAR. 