The Wise Women of Inverness. By WILLIAM BLACK, Author of ?? McLeod of Dare,' ? Judith Shakespeare, ' White Wings,™ 'Princess of Thule,' &c;, &o.; [Published by special arrangement with the author] All rights reserved.] Chapter I. — At Fasslie Farm. Deep and heavy the long-swelling surge of the North Sea thundered along the Cromarfcy shore ; and high and shrill above that reverberating plunge sang and whistled and shrieked a strenuous wind, sweeping inland from the wide waste of waters ; but nevertheless there was not a cloud in the clear night Bky ; the world was filled with a lambent white moonlight ; and far across the silver- touched waves there was visible the dusky outline of the opposite coast, by Fort Ge rge, and * hi ? ?» -rr». j5i ? ? a T* ? .1. _ J i-aira, sdq rmuuom, ana jjuigiieau. In a small and dimly-lit room in a farm house built high over that wild sea, an old — or rather, elderly — man was seated in front of a massive iron chest, the top of which he was carefully scraping with some kind of iron instrument, fie was a man short of stature, but of powerful build ; bis face hard-set and tanned and furrowed with wind and sun and rain ; his hair almost white, and white also the bushy eyebrows set over a pair of re markably penetrating grey eyes. This man was Bx-bert Graham, the tenant of an extensive sheep farm ; and the huge iron, coffer before him, from which he wa3 diligently scraping the last traces of what ever paint might still be visible, had been at one time the military chest of the garrison at Fort Augustus, from whence it had been allowed to fall into private hands when the fort was dismantled. But it was not the contents of this massive chest that seemed to concern the farmer ; it was the few remaining touches of green paint here and there ; and' to aid him in the searching removal of these he had placed a solitary candle beside him, though, indeed, as the coffer stood in the window-recess, there was almost enough light coming in from the moonlit world without to enable him to prosecute his task. Now bo still and hushed was this little room that, in spite of all the wild roar of the wind and sea outside, the scratching of the iron point was quite audible ; and not only that, but also certain low mutter ings with which from time to time the old man gave expression to such fancies as crossed his brain. - But these were broken and detached, for sometimes he relapsed into silence ; and so it will be more con venient to put them down here con secutively, and in as plain language as possible. ?I am not more superstitious than most ; but it's better to be on the safe side. The earth is the Lord's and the fulness thereof ; bat lie has permitted strange things to be in the world ; and maybe they have grown stronger than He intended, and can do more harm now. It's better to be friendly with both sides ; and if there was a 'Sith-bruth (a fairies' dwelling) on Fasslie it'a not a man or boy on the place would I allow to cut a twig or lift a stone there. It's live and let live ; and if the little people bide in these knolls, it's not I that would be for disturbing them : even if they cannot harm a man, a* some say, maybe they can harm a sheep— ay, or a score of sheep. And were there no Grahams now among the soldiers of Fort Augustus that they allowed this sliest to be painted green ? is there a Graham alive that does not know what color it ia that is fatal to every one of the name — ay, when it is even acunimonBtoiy that never was a Graham shot in battle but it was found the bullet had gone through the green check of the tartan. A vA twice and three times I stopped bidding for it, uaiil I said -to injseJf, '?What has been pat on can be taken off, and what the knife will not finish tlie turpentine will finish ; and where can the ill-luck come from thtn ?' The five great locks and tricks and con trivances to outwit a regiment ; what prying eyes or fingers will get to know about nsy business when I have everything shut up here ? Alison may think what she likes ; the lass has grown saucy of late ; but this is no kind cf cupboard or desk that she can try with her keys when I am up on the hill. No, no, lass ; what I have toiled and moiled for thac I mean to keep; and there will be no need to trust a bank in Inverness when I have a safeguard like this iron chest. But sot a spot or streak of green— not a spot or a streak. Who can tell where the ill-luck comes from ? bometimes it strikes at yonr blood and marrow, sometimes it's a bad lambing season, sometimes it's a bank that breaks. But 1 do my best to keep well with both sides ; the minister has no fault to find with me ?; and if there are things that are stronger for good luck or ill-luck I do my -best — ay, even to keep from raining them. Maybe that was why I got1 the warning that Jean Giliespie was to die — three taps on the window just half an hour before, and none hearing them butmyself- And the corpse-lights on Drumsiunon Moor — it's I would have rid den along with the factor into the bog but for the lights — and 1 cried to him— but the cry he sent back was the cry of a drowning man. But there are some that have seen more than that, and have heard more than that ; and it's well to be friends with them that can hurt, whether they are below ground or above ; ay, it's better to say nothing lest they should hear evil spoken cf them, and work mischief amoiig the lambs, or bring lightning about the house, aa 1 have heard tell. Not since I was a senseless lad have I shot a single hare — jast in c^se there might be a mistake, and a witch or a warlock spring up from the ground ; it'^ better to be on the safe side.' For the moment he seemed to have done with his scraping and polisliiug ; at all events, he laid aside the knife or chisel he had been using, and proceeded to open the chest. But this was a serious under taking, for not only had the big key to turn live locks at once, but also there were bars and levers to be raised simultaneously, demanding the exercise of a good deal of strength. Jiventually, however, the heavy lid yielded. He took both his hands to raise it, and no doubt the nest iniaute it would have been resting against the wall or the window sill but that there was a sudden interruption that stu-tled hiia. There was a brief sharp tapping, and the door of the room was thrown open. At the same time the roar of the sea and tlie wind that seemed to nil the house rushed into the little apartment, and a c.-ld air made the candle name nicker. .Kobert Graham had not been expecting any sujh unceremonious visitor. He wheeled round in his chair : the lid of the chest fell from his Lanes and shut with an alarming noise — all the five locks and levers clanging at oecc ; acd then he found standing be fore him the stranger who had made this sudden entrance. And yet this was neither ghost nor wizard that confronted him. On the contrary, the new comer was a goodlook irg young fellow of six and twenty or so, with frank eyes, close cropped raven- black Lair, acd an expression of features that in oidifcary circumstances might have been pleasant ajid fsieudly enough, but was uowsomewJiat embarrassed by uncertainty. Gbviocslj he was a sailor, but the sinart r.fss of Lis costume showed that he was not an ordinary hand ; in point of fact he was mate of a trading schooner then lying at l\airn ; his name, Alec Jameson. 'I'm sorry to interrupt you, Mr. Graham,' he began, with some hesita tion. 'But ye do interrupt me,' the other said sharply ; and he scowled at the younger wan from under the bushy white eyebrows. ' Ye do interrupt me. Think ye I have uaething to do with my time ? I'm cot a gentleman that can loiter about wi' my bauds in -my pockets, hindering other folk and coming where he's not wanted. Ma certes, there's some tint canna take a hint to leave until they feal a horsewhip curling round their calves. There was a flash of fire in the young sailor's eyes ; but he strove to remain calm, and even courteous. ' If it's meyou mean, Mr. Graham,' said he quietly, 'you may rest content that there's not a man in this country-side will lay either hand or horsewhip on me. Bat let that pass ? ' 'What do ye want?' the old farmer said abruptly. * Time's money.' * Well, I'm off for Inverness to-morrow morning ? ' 'Ye're welcome.1 But James seemed determined to be civil, if that were possible. ' And Alison,' he continued, 'was asking if you and I cannot manage to part a little better friends. The lass is sorry — and no wonder— and if there's any thing that I have done — if there's anything wrong that can be put right ? ' 'Let Alison mind her own business/ was the instant rejoinder, 'and I can mind mine ; and, what's more, neither Alison's business nor my business is any o' yours. So you're welcome to set off for Inverness as soon as ever ye like.' ' I did not wish to go without holding out my hand and seeing if we cannot come to more peaceable terms,' the young sailor said. ' It's a fair offer anyway. It must be a hard thing for a young lass to be in a position like that — troubling her self that the only friends she has should be separated by a quarrel — and a quarrel about what? tor A'm sure it's not me that knows.' ' Alison wants no friends but her own kith and kin — that's, enough for her,' the old man said. * Why should she take up wi' strangers ? What is she to gain by that ? Ay, it's not her gain, it's theirs that's in question.' Ay, ay, an old man may be an old man and still see clear enough. It's young eyes that are dazzled — it's young brains that are made a fool of ; and a silly crayture of a lass will believe any smooth-spoken idle fellow that comes hanging about her and speaking her fair. But I'll have none o' that in this house, young man ; so you've fair warning in time. Alison was left in my charge, and in my charge she'll bide. I'm for no interlopers here. I'm for people minding their own business. In trouble is she ? — and what's that to you ? A pretty pack of nonsense !' ' Well, yes, Mr. Graham,' the younger man said, civilly, * Alison is in your charge at present, but she might not be always.1 The deep set grey eyes darted an evil glance at him, but he did not seem to notice that, ' You know what both her and me have been looking forward to,' he continued, in the most pacific tone of voice, * and I am sure it would be better for every one if there was a more friendly feeling about it. And what is the objection ? If she leaves the farm there's mauy another you could get to keep the house. ' 'And it's you that comes into tell me what I maun do !' the old man said, glaring at him. * It's you that comes to me wt' advice ! let me tell ye. my lad, that I'm quite capable o' looking after my own affairs, as ye'll find out if ye diur to meddle wi' them. Ay, or wi' Alison's either. A clean pair o' heels — that's the best thing for you ; and if Fasslla never sees ye again, Fasslie will be none tbe worse.' There was sufficient discourtesy in the words ; there was more in the tone in which they were uttered ; and the youDger man, though he strove to keep ccol, began to lose the timid look^of appeal that had been ia his eje3. ' Well, it's a pity,' he said. ' FFard words will not mend matters ; and I had wished to leave Alison in happitr spirits ? ' ' The leaving her is the best thing ye can do, and the sooner the better. Have I not bid ye never darken my door again ? God bless me, is a man not to have peace and quietness in his own house ?' the old man cried angrily. 'As to that, I am not so sure that it is your own house,' the young sailor said quietly ; but his face had gradually been becoming firmer and firmer. ' But I am not a lawyer. It was Alison's father's house I know ; aud I dare say he did not leave her without her share in it Bat this I'm quite sure of, as long as Alison is in it, aiid as long as she is willing I should come to see her ; I'm not goiag to ask anybody else's leave. I don't want to quarrel, Hv. Grahasn — I don't waut to make matters worse. Indeed I thought I might come to some kind of friendly understandiEg — if not for our own sakes, at least for Alison's. The Hss is sore put about ; and why need that be 1 Why should Bhe be in trouble when there's no cause for it? I'm not askiDg her to marry to-morrow or the next day ; it would, be when it was most convenient for her and for you.' Jameson spoke fairly and temperately, and also with a touch of hope, or at .least of appeal, in his look j but the unlucky reference to -he ownership of the house had caused the farmer's eyes to gleam with wrath, aud now his voice, when he spoke, was hardly under his control, so fiercely angry was he. 'And how daur je, sir — how daur ye come here to speak to me about Alison or any other in this house '( What concern have ye as to whether my niece is well or ? ill? Ay, I will tell ye what jour inte rest is ; well I know tbat, my fine f ello w, that can go about the country like a gentleman, while other folk have to work and earn their living ! Alison — it'a not Alison, but Alison's gear you're after. And ye think that a decently brought up girl like that will consort with aa idls wastrel and gangrel — with a sailor chap, that has a wife in every port he sails to ? Get out of. this house, sir ; that is my answer. What, do ye think the lass is blind ? Ye come after her wf your flat tering and fawning ; but is she blind '- Boesua she see that it's her share, her small share, in the farm that you're after, that her father left her, and that I have tended as if it was my own ? And where would it be in a year, in a week, if you had it to scatter '( But she's not blind — she's not blind : you'll go the way ye caaie, and ?enipty-haiided asye came !'?- He paused for fair lack of breath; but meanwhile the face of the younger man had grown darker. ' Alison knows better,' said he, as if it were safer to say no more. 'Alison !' the old man said, with his voice now roused to passion pitch. ' * I'll have her know ; ay, and you too, who is the master in this houae. I'm for no gangrtls and wastrels skulking about my premises, if there's a sshotgun or a horse whip h&ndy.; A fine thnig to make a fool of a silly idiot of a las?, ihat daesna ken the difference between an honest man and a thief — a thief that would get hold of whatever she has and waste it in hi3 idle courses. But that's no done yet ; no,- nor while I'm above ground will it be done.7 ' It's the first time in my life that I have ever been called a thief,' Alec Jameson said : and his hands were trembling a little, though he spoke with a kind of forced j composure. ' Well, I mean to see who is j the thief.' ' What mean ye. you scoundrel V 'I mean this — plump and plain will I tell ye what f mean,' the youager man said. ar-d it was evident that he had done now with all thoughts of pacification. ' I offered to make friends wi' you, for Alison's sake. Thata not to be. Well and good. You and I will settle this matter between J ourselves now, Mr. Graham ; and brag will not do it ; and bluster will not do it ; and calling names will not do it. Thief ! My good man, that is a very ugly word. It's I that want to know 'who is the thief ? ' 'Will you leave my house? the far mer said, springing to his feet. ' Ko : I will not ; and I will not leave this room until I have aaid my say,' was the calm rejoinder, though Jameson's lips were rather pale and his eyes full of a dangerous fire. * Mind you, Aliaon will be guided by me — that's one thing you may make sure of ; and I'm thinking it's \ time there was a settlement about her i share in the farm that was left her by her ! father. Where has that gone to all these ] years ? Not a penny has she had to spend on herself except for clothes, and she's clad like a servant lass ; she is but a ser vant lass but that she gets no wages. Where's her money ? Where's her father's will, that she can tell what belongs to her 1 And you think that everything is to go on as it is, the lass slaving away at keeping the house for you, and never to think of altering her condi tion, and never to ask questions, but to let you make away with her money from year to year ? But there's an end to that now — there's an end ; and the lawyers in Inverness will be called in to declare who is the thief !' Rage pure and simple seemed to have paralysed the old farmer, bat only for a few seconds. With a kind of inarticulate cry of ' You scoundrel ! you scoundrel !' he sprang forward with uplif ted arm, as if threatening to fell his enemy. Bat Jameson merely held out his open hand, palm outward. ' Don't you come near me, I warn you. You're an older man than I am, and I don't want to strike you ; but I will allow no man to put a hand on me. I'm going, I've said my say. I wanted to be friends with you, for Alison's sake. Now it's war. And there's them in Inverness will soon be brought to declare which of us two is the thief.' He turned abruptly and left. ' And may the lightning from heaven blast you ere ever you set foot in Inver ness streets !' the older man said, scowl ing helplessly at the now vacant doorway. He went back to his seat in front of the iron chest and sat down ; he was all shaking with the excitement of this stormy interview ; but the anger in his heart instead of subsiding grew only the more fierce as he thought of the meaning of the young sailor's threats. He chanced to look out of the window at the heavily rolling sea that was clearly visible for miles and miles in the moonlight. * Ay,' he said to himself, ' that is the sailor's grave, wide and deep, that i3 the thing that comes to you in the end. There are no threats when there's fifty fathoms oJ water above ye ; and I would to God you were lying there now ! Tne insolent scoundrel ! — and he has got this bra1; ta go with him ; and the lawyers at Inver ness ! ? ' He rose and began walking up and down the Email apartment, muttering to himself sometimes, as was his wont, and sometimes standing still to look out on the far stretch of wind-driven moonlit sea. ' There's them that can hurt,' he was saying to himself, ' and if all the stories be true, sometimes you can get them on your side, and they'll work for you a mis chief on your enemies as easiiy as any thing else. I've heard of ships being struck by lightning coming out of a clear eky ; how was that but by some interfe rence ? But he's not on the sea, Kior will be for a while yet, I suppose ; the grave is waiting him there, wide and deep, wide and deep ; but it may be a long time yet.' He turned to the open door, as if fear ful that these unspoken desires might be overheard ; then he went to the top of the stair and listened ; theie was no sound but the cry of the wind and the heavier plunge of the sea. Then he returned to the room, and shut the door behind Mai, and resumed his dark meditations. ' The venomous snake, to come creeping into a man's house ; but I'll be even wita him yet, if I burn the heather fur a mile round him. Ay, I have seen them twisting themselves into a ball, and writhing atd writhing as the circle of the fire came closer and closer on them ; and that's how I'll have him writhe so jiier or later ; aud then there will be a laugh ! Oh, it's very safe you *re when you're burning the heather ; you're on th.s outside of the rii.g ; it's the adders that are in the middle, aud lively enough thej are when the flame conies hutter aud hotter on them ! And -that's the flame I would have burning in his heart !' And then he went back upon the line of thinking tbat had occupied him when he was scraping the last tracss of pa :nt from the lid of the iron chest. 4 1 have been a careful man, careful not to offend either side ; and if they're friendly to n,e now, as I think they were when the factor rode into the bog, maybe they would help. Ay, that would be the way to get even with him, instead of wait ing for the wide grave there ; and maybe, if they would s&t; to work at once, there might be a stop put to his business with the lawyers at Inverness. They say the wise women can manage it, but it's hard to get at them ; the fiscal hunts them and hunts them whenever he gets the chance ; and there's scarcely a one left now. Bat . I've heard of them now and again, and I could find out ; and if the unknown people ate friendly to me — if they understand that I never took a stick or a stone from a ' Sith-bruth' all the years of my life — then, my friend Jameson, I may be up sides with you ; ay, it will not be the lawyers in Inverness you will be think ing of ; you will be writhing like the snakes when the heather is on fire.' Chapxeb. IL — Bk the Shoee. Meanwhile the young sailor had quickly recovered his equanimity ; as he went : down the stair and along the passage to the outer door of the house he was some what ostentatiously whistling — j ust in case one or other of the lads or laa.es might happen to have overheard these ; high words. And probably in making that final appeal to the old man he had been moved rather by the wish to please pietty Alison Graham than by any distinct hope of success ; and now he waa no worse on' than he was before : rather better he was, in truth, for this open . declaration of war was preferable to mera shilly-ehallying and futile balancing of probabilities. Alisyn would now knuw the worst ; she would be called upon to choose for herself. And as for the taunt that ic was only her money that he was after — -well, he would leave that question also to be settled by Alison, and he thought he knew what the answer would b?. And so he left the house — fixing Ms cap tight in order to face the fierce gusts of wind — and set out along the road leading by the shore. If he was whistling no w no one couid hear him, for all the night was filled with the rush and roar of that wild moonlit sea that came thundering in on the rocks below him ; but there seemed no further need to make any such profession of cheerful neES, for apparently he was quite alone in this su-angely clear aud vivid workl. For some little distance, as he walked smavtly on, the road followed tfce wincinigs of the shore, then it struck iiiiaisd somewhat; skirting a plantation of larch and tpruce, aud it was at tha corner of thia \vuod that Jaaieaou paused aud looked around him, uncertain. He had not locg lo wait. The next moment the figure of a young womau had come quickly and quittly out fiom ta'e dusk of the larchesiiito the cpen moonlight : his sweet heart was clasped in his arm*. 'Well, Ailie, lass it's a wild night to be keeping y u outside.' | ? But what said he, &lec; ? What said j he T she broke in, with a trembling ) anxiety in her tone. ' Is it all right now, Alec? Have you made friends ?' The joung sailor laughed in an em barrassed kind of way, and pushed back the thick tartan shawl which she had j thrown over her head and shoulders, so ] that he could get a better view of the { upturned oval face and tender dark blue \ eyes and rich and abundant chestnut j brown hair. He seemed in no hurry to begin his story. Those eyes were pretty to look at, despite their eager questioning, and her brown hair that he had brought about her cheeks was soft to the touch. 'Tell me, Alec. Is it good news you have? she pleaded, €or that short laugh of his sounded rather ominous. Faith Ailie, lass, the news is none of the best, said he (though he spoke quite . cheerfully, and petted and caressed her at the same time). ' Bat it's nothing to be downhearted about, not a bit, my brave lassie. He cannot blame you for what has happened, anyway, and you'll be no worse off at the farm, than before.' ' But what has happened, then, Alec V she said, with her troubled eyes fixed in tently on him. 'What has happened? Well the fat's In the fire this time, and no mistake, and that's about what has happened, Ailie, darling,' said he, rather ruefully, and yet with no deep chagrin, for he wished to make light of the whole matter. 'Oh, there's to be no more beating about the bush, I warrant ye; your uncle and I have come to a plain understanding at last.' * You've quarrelled — worse thin ever V she cried. * Well, ' said he, and he took the pretty oval face in his two hands, ' and what is there to be frightened at ? Why should your pretty eyes look so troubled all about nothing T ' And you said you would be patient — you said you would be patient for my sake,' she said reproachfully. 'And I was,' he answered. *I was, indeed, patient. Yes, as long a3 might be. ' Well, I'll tell you the truth, Ailie. I did what I could at the beginning. I tried to be as friendly as ever I could speak ; though I would not have taken what he said to me from any other man, for I kept thinking of you, Ailie, and of your life at the farm; and, says I to myself — Hard words don't break bones, and it's all for Ailie's sake ! Then there came something that I could not stand.' He paused, seemingly reluctant to go on. ' What was it, Alec ?' He regarded her in silence for a second or so, pretending to scan her face curiously. ' But if I put such things into your head, niy dearie, maybe you'd think them true?' ' What things ?' 'Supposing yon were to hear it said that it was not you that I wanted, bat your money, your share of the farm and the house ?' He effected to retreat from her a little bit; and, in fact, withdrew his hands from her shoulders. 'And if you told me so yourself I would not believe you,' said she, simply. * But are you sure now, Ailie?' Maybe it's true. If you were to ba told that I was an idle wastrel and vagabond, with a wife in every port the Princess Mary Bails to ; and that I only wanted to get hold of your money to scatter and spend it, and to leave you when it was done, I daresay — supposing you were to hear that said of me ?' There was a proud smile on her face ; she did not answer. ' Look here, Ailie,' he continued. Jast consider. Maybe they're no so far wrong. Here am I with an offer from the owners of the Princess Mary thatthey'll make me skipper as soon as I can raise enough money to buy a fifth share. It's a terrible temptation for a man. And then there's a young lass at Fassalie that ought to be well off if she had all that belongs to her ; and I come courting that young hiss and telling her she's the prettiest lass in the north of Scotland— only that's no lie, for her looking- glass can tell her as much any day in the week — and pretending that it's her I'm after, when it's the captain's cabin in the Princess Mary I'm after. 'And you would have the money to morrow morning, Alec, if I had it to give you,' said she — which was a quite illogi cal climax to these speculations of his. 'But wait a minute, Ailie,' he siid, * for this you'll never guess. I go to sep the uncle of the young lass, to make peace with him, and win him over ; bat he'll no hear of anything of the kind ; and what is all the quarrel about ? — ^hy, it'sabotkttheyowaglass'spropeity ;and her share is thisand that, and whatthelavryerain Inverntss would have to say. Money — money — money — is the whole err Very ?well, and yet you say you would not be lieve that of me ? ' 'And maybe it's not the first time I have Jieard such things hinted,' said she, -with a smile ; and, indeed, if he remained at a little dtstance, and affected to scruti nise her, the look that she bestowed on him in return had not much of doubt or distrust in it. ' Oh, yes ; and manyfe the time I have been glad to think t&at; something -would be coming to ms — if my uncle would only make up the accounts. For if we ware to marry, Alec ? ' * If we were to marry ? ' he cried, and he came nearer her. again and took hold of her by the two shoulders. ' Well, when we marry,' she said, with downcast eyes, ' it will be some thing to start the house with, wherever we chooEe to live Oh, yes, and the share in the ship, too — if it is possible — lo you think you would be five minute3 with out tbat, if I had the money in my hand ? Would it not be for my good as well as yours, my dear?' * Yes, yes,' said he, * for thsre'a the captain's cabin, Ailie, and you -could come a voyage with me now and again ; ; and I would introduce you to my other wives in the different places.' ' I am not afraid of that,' she said. 'Well, now, Ailie,' said he, speiking , more Eeriouily, ' when that was cast in my teeth — that it was your money that E was after — I could not stand that. To ba called a thief, too ; ay, and who is the thiaf 1 says I. Where is the money you have kept back fron A lison all these years ? What kind of a story will the lawyers have to make out ? For it was a stiffiah quarrel, Ailie, darlinjr, and that's a fact ; and it's . all aver between him and me, for certain ; : aDd we've got to make the best of mat ters as they stand. It's never again shall I be -within that house, that's fixed. No, it's you that have to come to me now ; . I will never be inside that houae again.' ' Ale'o, Alec!' she said in a voice of deep entreaty, 'surely it is not so had as that? laEkedyou to be patient' ' Patient, lassie !' he exclaimed. ' I tell you I was as patient as man ever was — bless me, T had to warn him hack, or he would have struck me with hi3 fist. The man's mad, I'm thinking ; or else . it's his — that he is keeping back even more than we suspect, aud that the very man- : tipn of Sawyers is enough to drive him out of his wits. Well, what's done ia ! done ; and what we have to do i% the next thing. You eee, lass, t have no right to interfere in your affairs at alL ' ; ' Acd why not, Alec ? ' said she. ' And if j not you, who els-s then? It's not uay uncle 1 would look to. I think he ? would be glad;if I were dead and out of ; the way.' . ' Ko doubt that's the very thing that ? would suit him ; but we cannot just oblige him so far as that, lass,' Jameson said. . ' Out of the way, maybe ; yes, we may ' Take ye out of the way, or out of his way, : rather ; but if ye were to ba ruled by ? me — or if it was my business to interfere — he would soon find out that ye were not dead at all, but very much alire.' 1 What would you bave me do, Alec ? I have none to look to but you. What is it jou want me to do V said she, with absolute trust in her eyes. ' Leave Fasslie,' said he, 'at once, and come and live with my mother at fTairn for a few weeks. Then we will get married ; and then I will have the right io interfere in your affaire — and who else V She sighed a little. ' It's a pity,' she said, at length. __ ' I thought some friendly arrangement might be made. Why should my uncle be set against it ? He will have plenty, even after I go.' '? * Perhaps there is a little .settliag up of accounts that might be inconvenient,' the young man suggested drily ; bui' instantly Le added, in atone of vexation, ' Bat how is it that money, and' m&ney;, and money ' seemsto fill the whole ^ thlsTiight ? . Kia, [ -will not Interfere. Somebody ebe an* {uide ye, ha. T»ke advice, nmr jo to some shrewd- witted person, aad jnit ;ell the troth. Say you have a sweet leart, and you are not sure of him ? ' ' Alec V she eaid — and forthwith tbe pretty appealing blue eyes began to fill »ith tears. 'But it's the way of the world, yon 'oolifih creature '.' said he, with pretended mger. 'How do you know that your uncle is not right?' ' It is no use your speaking like that— to me,' Bhe said proudly. ' No, and it is not fair, Alec. And it is not so much time we have together that you should throw it away in speaking nonsense.' ' Well, then, will you leave Easalie V For answer she clutched his hand in affright. Her feminine watchf ulneaa had caught sight of something that he had not noticed at all — the figure of a man away along there on the white moonlit road. * It's my uncle,' she said ; and instinc tively she caught her lover by the arm and drew him further into the dusk of the trees. But they could still easily make out the dark figure coming along the white road ; nay more, they could observe his every movement. And presently it was apparent that he was searching evary nook and cranny along the shore ; and they guessed readily enough that he had come out in quest of his niece, having missed her in the house. Jameson and his sweetheart stood perfectly still behind the screen of jounff larches and spruce. As for the young man, he was quite aware that the farmer would be in a violent temper ; butbedidnot heed that much. He merely thought it would be an excellent joke if Alison's uncle were to go by then? their hiding-place, so that the girl might get home before him. And if he did find her -what more could be do than scold ? — and he, Jameson, would take care that the words were not too uncivil. But the next moment a quick pang of dismay — or of anger or of both together — shot through his heart. The old man carried a horsewhip ! A horsewhip— and for whom ? Would he dare to raiae it against her — even by way of a threat — jw he drove her home ? All the young man's blood was on fire. A horsewhip — to his Alison? ' Here, lass, come, come along ; I want to see what this means.' He took her hand and led her out iuta the road. When the old farmer came alorg they were standing right before him. ' Acd it's there ye are, ye limmer, ye husBj — disgracing an honest man's house !' he eaid in tones of suppressed rage — bet he did not come any nearer, for Jameson had stepped forward. ' Home wi' ye — home wi' ye — ye shameless hussy !' 3 he two men were now face to fac9. 'Another word like that to the law/ the younger man said, * and by the Lord I'll heave you on to the rocks there '.' A timid hand was put on his arm ; he shook it off. ' Leave me alone, lass ; we're going to settle this thing now and here ' ' Settle it V the old farmer said — and the horsewhip -which he held in his hand shook and trembled with the violence of his passion. ' And who are yoa, sir, that daur to come between me and her ? j tell you I will have the mastery of her so long aa she bides in my house — I will not have the very name of the place disgraced by her wandering about at night wi' a vagabond. Out of the way, now — and you, you limmer, home wi' ye, ere the very servants come out to mock ye.' And perhaps he would have gone for ward to seize her by the arm and drag her home, but that the young sailor who stood before did not show the slightest intention cf stepping aside. On the contrary, he was very much in the -way, and remained so; and there was a kind of sarcasm ia his look. ' Yes, it's a fine home for her to go ti/ said he, (for he was not much of a h«ni at scolding), ' and it's a fine guardian you've been to her, just as if she had been your own bairn. Oh, yes; saving up for her, and scrapingevery thing together rorher ; it wa» just out of kindness, 1 suppose, that she has scarcely ever had a sixpence to spend on herself. Yes, and selling the pony that her father bought for her ; that was to add up, too, I suppose ? ' ' A lee, Alec,' the girl said, trying ta interpose ' And you, uncle, why should there be a quarrel V 'Will ye go home —will ye go home, I tell ye !'the old man roared. ' No, she will not go home until it suits her own convenience,' Jameson said ; and he seemed to grow more and more cool and quiet in demeanor the greater the rage of his antagonist became. ' It's a nice home you've nude it for her since her father died, and it'a a pleasant life the lasshashad to lead. Well, that's about over now. Jf its new* to you, you're welcome. Alison is going to leave FafBlie. ' Leave Fasslie !' the other gasped. It seemed, then, there was a conspiracy between these two. They had laid their heads together to dare him — to try to cheat him out of that hoard that he had been so ciligently amassing ever since the management ct the farm fell into his hands. ' Uncle, I do not wish to leave Fasslie,' A lieon pleaded — and she had been crying a little over this wrangle that seemed so hopeless, and that seemed to bode bo much trouble for the future. ' No, nor will ye leave Fasslie with my will, ye graceless . hussy !' he cried. ' What '. leave the place ye were bora ia —and for what? To face the world with an idle vagabond ? ' ' Vagabond he is not ! ' she exclaimed, firing up at the word. 'And you will do no good with me, uncle, by speaking ill of him ? ' 'Ailie, las*, what does it matter?' her lover interposed ; but »he was not to ba interrupted ; she would have her say out. * And I did not wish to leave Fasslie ; but what else is there now ? what can I do but that ? There will be no peace ? ' ' What else is there ?' he bellowed, for he vi as like a madman in his impotent fury ; Jameson standing there facing him, and daring him to advance a step : ' What else ? There's a whip to curl round your shoulders, ye impudent limmer.' 'Ay,' said Jameson quickly, 'is that it then?' Before the farmer could tell what had happened the horsewhip wai snatched from his hand, the stick of it snapped in two, and both pieces whirled away through the air, and falling, indeed, on the recks below them. ' A nd it's the same for you, if you like, my man,' the young sailor said, with his eyes afire. ' Would you like to follow 1 A horsewhip, to a young lasa ! To speak of such a thing, you white-headed old thief and coward— by the Lord, I wonder I can let you stand there.' For a moment it seemed as if the old man were about to rush on his antagonist (who was sorely hampered, __ too, by Alison clinging to him and trying to pnll him away), but he suddenly ohanged h» mind ; he turned and strode off, crnnch irg the stones in the road in the blind fury of his wrath ; and plainly enough they could bear him say — * I'll have the dogs down — I'll have the doga down, and chase ye from the country-side, ye scoun drel vagabond '.' And then the young sailor turned to bis sweetheart, who was all trembling and sobbing and frightened; »nd he would wipe the tears away from her pretty face, and he called her all kinds of soft pet names, and bade her be of courage. ' For you see how matters stand nowj Ailie, my dear,' said he, and he smoothed her hair back from her forehead, a*«l» would have nothing come between nil* ?nd the open dear depths of her eyes, ' and it's no use hoping that a madman wiB become a reasonable man. Yoorlifea* he farm will be a misery as ling as yo« bide there ; and I am not afraid to ask ! you to come away ; anything will b» letter than that; and when you are uv ing with my mother then there will be lime and peace and comfort for yon to consider what you will do next. No, I am not afraid to ask you to do as much as that ; for that will be for your good, I know.' ' 'But I will do anything you tell me, Alec,' said she, and her absolute confi dence in him was apparent as much in her manner as in her words, * for I have no one in the world to guide me but you.' ' And your own common sense, Ailie. 4nd you must not trust me any further than what a stranger would say was right.' ' But I do trust you, and how can you help that ?' sad she, with a smile strug gling through her tears. 1 Then I U have to guard you against yourself ; and very easy it will be ; for when you're living in Nairn we'll just get the lawyei-Folk to tie up whatever money ye may have — I me=n whatever money they may be able to get from your uncle ? ' 'But they cannot tie it up if I want to give it to you,' said she. ' *nd, oh, Alec, wouldn't it be fine if we could bay the fifth thare in the shir, and you to be made capt.ia ? ' ? Yes, and what would be just as fine would be thk — if we were to reut a small cottage juit outside Nairn, or Elgin, or InvemeiS, and you to have a little gar den to amuse yours If wi' when I am away, and a little servant lass to help you, 'Sou see, Ailie, everything's to be little — the cottage, the garden, the servant lass ; it's like the old song, you know, ' When a little farm we keep' — I say every thing is to be little except one thing, and that is the love in your heart, Ailie.' ' But you cannot expect me to keep that little,' said she, regarding him with her fond, trusting eyes. ' Anything else — except tbat.' 'No, no ; you will keep that as big as you can, my dear, as long as it is mine/ caid he. Then he bethought him of the farmer's parting threat. ' WeU, I must be off, Ailie ; for I don't want to be worried by a lot of yelping collies.' 'Oh, do jou think the dogs would harm anyone that is with me V she said confi dently. 'Well, it's no use having any more quarrelling ; there's been enough of that for a while. And as soon &b; L get back I will go through to Nairn, and my mother ?will arrjEge for your coining — and the sooner the better. The Princess Mary will not be ready for a week yet ; and you could write ana saywhere I am to meet you.' 1 But if my uncle will not let me leave the farm ? 'Bow is he to hinder you V ' He might lock me up in a room,' said Alison. And loudly he laughed. 'I am thinking that would not last long, Ailie, my dear J I'm thinking I would soon have some of the lads with me, and we'd get you out if we stripped the slates off the roof. No, no ; it's when you want to leave the farm, you'll leave it — I will take care of that ; and your room will be ready for you in Nairn — asneat and clean and smart as a new pin.' And then at last he had to go ; and he had comforted her amazingly, and she wa3 smiling through her tears ; and when the final good-bye was said, and the last hand shake and kiss given and taken, and the last, long, lingering look withdrawn, e turned aed took her way towards the solitary farm house, through the loud reverberating, clear, moonlight night. Chafees If I. — A Cokspikacy. Inverness is rot much of a seaport : and the occasional rows of small houses in the neighborhood of the almost disused quayB are viB ted by but few pas3ers-by, especially in the diy time. And yet old Bobert Graham, as he slowly walked along one of these solitary thoroagb/are* — pretending to siunter idly and aimlessly indeed, as if he had only wandered hither by chance — had a keenly apprehensive look in his deep-set eyes, and he w&3 Bharply and covertly watching the in ive mente of every human beiag within sight, at however greatadistance he or the might le. As a matter of fact, there was only one j-er&on; who could by any possibility be a spy on him, and that was a man who, slang over the side of a big schooner lying high and dry on the mud, was work ing on the hull, while his back wa3 turned on the street ; and moreover he was en gaged with his own affairs, hoarsely sing ing the while some dolorous sailor song. Twice and three tunes did the old farmer slowly walk up and down this empty street, though well he knew the house he was seeking for it had been shown him the evening before, towards dusk, when the dim light in the window seemed to him something mysterious and awful, and the very siience around unholy. And now when he at length mustered up courage to approach the door that his eye had been stealthily fixed on for some time back there was a curious sensation of dread about his heart, and the hand that be timidly raised to the rude iron knocker was shaking a little, though he did not notice ihat. Be hesitated but for a ? second ; he rapped, but not loudly ; the next moment the door was opened. A tall, tlj in. grey-haired, quiet and re spectable looking woman ttood before Jinn, regarding him with mild and melan choly eyes. She carried in her hand a piece of se^ ing ; apparently she had been at wort. 'Yes, sir,' she said, enquiringly; and mild and melancholy as those eyes appeared, they seemed to have scrutinised him from head, to foot in the meanwhile. Mr. Graham was rather taken aback. Could this quiet-looking creature be one of the two w;se women— the spey-wives — that foretold the fortunes of the young lasses about, and sold charms to sailors, and were suspected of even darker deal ings ? Be had expected to find a couple of venomous old bags, crouching in sotna daik chimney-corner, to whom he could at once have revealed his designs, beseech ing their aid to rid him of his enemy. Bowever, he was a little bewildered, and a little frightened, and at length hs managed to say—1 ' Nancy Lissom ?' ' That's my sister's name,' was the calm answer, end the scrutiny of th.o3e mild but watchful eyes was continued. ' 1 want to see her,' he said. ' The poor old woman's no so well the now,' ehe said. 'I would rather not dis turb her.' 'But T maun see her — it's business — it's important,' the farmer said rather breathlessly. ' I dinna see how that can be,' the other answered him. ' It's use tbat minds the house, and the rent's paid, and the taxes, and the water, and everything, and we dinna owe a penny to any living, though it's a hard enough struggle for two old folk like her and me.' ' Bless me, woman, I ken a' about you and your sister,' said he, impatiently, for he did not wish to be seen talking at the door. * Let me inside the house, and I'll tell you what I want.' 'Ye're welcome to come in, sir,' she said, and she made way for him to pa*s, and shut the door after him, ' but if a' the magistrates in Inverness were to come into this house they would find nothing ?wrong — only two old wives making but a scant living wi' their needle — av, and one o' them getting ao blind now that she can scarce add a stitch.' 'I'm not a magistrate,' said he, almost under his breath ; for the little room into ?which he was now ushered seemed Btrsngely quiet. And, indeed, there was so suggestion of necromancy about this commonplace little apartment It was just each another as one might have expected in that neighorhood, only that it was cleanly and tidily kept, however poor and plain the furniture might be. There were the usual ornaments on the mantelpiece— big sea' shells, two cheap glass vue* enrmounted each with a frill of green paper, andone or two photographs in frames. But what the farmer instantly noticed was that on the little table at the window, where the family Bible ought to have been, no family Bible was there ; in place of that there was merely a flower pot with some red and yellow paper flowers in it, to attract the gaza of the passers-by without. Then he turned to the melancholy- eyed woman, who stood , calmly waiting for him to speak. ' 1 want to be friends wi' ye, aad wi' your sister,' said he. ' Fm not a magis trate at alL I've heard o' ye. I've come here to ask your help — ay, and I'll pay well for it. But it was Nancy Lissom I was told to ask for.' ' My sister's in there,' the woman said, nodding her head in the direction, of a door behind him, and still continuing to regard him with suspicion. ' But she's a poor old woman now, that can scarce talk to strangers. And if ye've come to do us an ill turn, sir, I wish you would go away again. We harm, nobody. We just want to be let alone. ' 'An ill turn, ye foolish woman!' he said angrily, and then he instantly altered his tone. ' No, no, I want to be friends wi' ye if je can give me any help. I'll make it worth your while. Look here.' Be took out fruin Ma breast pocket a small parcel of £1 bank-notes, dark and dirty, as these usually are in the country districts of Scotland, and selecting twa of them from the rest, placed them open on the table. ' There's a handsel,' said he. When the woman saw the two bank notes lying there her eyes contracted like the eyeB of a cat about to spring, and instinctively she was about to seize them. But then she paused. She looked at him. 'Is it a trap?' She went quickly to the window, and, as well as ehe could, glanced up and down the street to see if he had any accomplice waiting without. There was no one there. She returned to the table, and took up the notes, and said, with a kind of sigh — ' I'm sure, sir, ye wouldna seek to harm two poor old women, and one o' them near to her death, as I'm thinking. But nowadays it's a sin and an outcry if ye take a pack o' cards and tell a lass whether her sweetheart is to be dark or fair. Not that I ken anything about that, or that I would do sic a thing ; but come in and see my sister, and tell her what your business is. Folk call her a wise woman, but what's that? It's just that she has the skill and experience o' a long life, and many a one she has helped, though many's the ill name that both o' us get in return for it. And did I thank ye for this money, Bir 2 It's a poor life we lead, for- she's nearly blind, and I'm not so quick with the needle as I was.' She opened the door in the partition dividing the lower floor of the house, and preceded him into the back room. It was about the same size as the one in the front, but much more poorly furnished, and it was darker also. There was a small fire burning in the grate, though it was far from being cold weather without, and in an easy^chair by the side of the fire sat a little old woman — older than her sister and whiter of hair — who was wrapped up in a thick shawl, and wore on her head an old-fashioned 'mutch.' Shelooked startled, and even frightened, when she saw the stranger, and quickly turned to her sister. 'It's a' right, Nancy,' the taller woman said. ' The gentleman has gi'en me a good handsel, and I'll leave him to tell ye his business himseiV So saying, she withdrew ; and then the interview on which the old farmer had staked all his vengeful hopes began. And at first it proceeded slowly enough ; for the little old woman, who seemed to have remarkably sharp eyes, considering that her sister had said she was nearly blind, i would admit nothing ; pretended that she only gave good advice ; then admitted that she practised a little liar Bless forecasticg by means of cards and so forth. At times the farmer grew angry ; then, fearing to offend herj would become quite hutnble again ; and, finally, he had recourse to further money persuasion. The fact was he was desperate. If they could not help, who could ? Would he have to part with his niece, and her share of the profits of the farm »hat he had held back, and her share of the stock as it stood, and all be cause an insolent young puppy had chosen to interfere ? And this was the only way of meeting him, and time pressed, and why would this old woman — that hs had been assured had dark and mysterious relations with the unseen powers — pre- varicate, and make false assurances, and refuse to aid him ? But this further bribe, though the part ing with these two pounds was like rend ing his heart in twain, prevailed, and the little old wjman rose from the chair and hobbkd across the apartment, and for a little while was busy in a little cupboard there. When she came back she had something or other wrapped up in her apron. 'Ay, ay,' said she in her quavering voice, as she sank into the easy chair again, and pretended to keep her eye3 fixed absently on the fire, 'if the police or the fiscal was coming he would be here ere now ; and its only when one is sure that one can speak out ; and it's no often nowadays, when there's so few that be lieves — there's so few that believes. Well, well, poor things, maybe its better they shouldna ken what's going to happen. What use is it to them to ken beforehand that the head of the house will never come back frae sea, or that the bairn will be ta'en from them, or that the money they hope for will never be theirs ? And if they dinna believe that harm can be fended off— weel, weel, they must suffer, poor things. It wasna bo once. I mind the days when folk were glad to take warning— aye, and to pay for the warning — and to take heed, and guard themselves against the ill that was coming. But there's few that believe nowadays, and a poor old wife has amaist lost the secret o't, though its them that's nearest the grave that can see best.' He let her mumble on, apparently to herself ; for partly he was hoping that she would of herself come to the mysterious art of which he was in quest, but partly also because he was a little bit overawed There was something gruesome in being in solitary converse with a reputed witch ; she did not seem to heed him now ; she kept her eyes on the smouldering fire as if she saw things there — shipwrecks, funerals,, children crying, women sitting and moaning alone. And if the hope in his heart burnt fiercer, it also made him afraid. Be was coming close to these awful and unknown influences; and how might they not affect himself I , He had betn most propitiatory to th's old woman and her sister ; but, after all, they were only instruments. And when once his purpose was known, would the vague powers that compassed evil and harnTbe on his side, and work with him and for him, or might they not turn against him, and wither him with their mabVnant craft? '° And now that she was satisfied he did not mean to betray her— that he was in reality seeking supernatural aid, and willing to pay for the same— site seemed bent on convincing him that he had not come hither in vain. * But there's no many now that care to be warced,' she continued, still vacantly staring into the fire. * It was different in former days Maybe you've heard o' Willox the Warlock V . ' I remember the name, but I never saw him,' the farmer said, and the very sound of his own voice made him start, so intently occupied had he been with his fancies and his fears. * Poor man, he died in '33 I mind him welL Macgregor was his real name. And do ye ken what gave him power over the spirits— ay, so that he could raise a storm on a loch ^pd: drown a boat ere ever warning could reach them ? It was what they call a talisman, thai^hjad been handed down to him j, .and, this was the way of it. In formeY'days there was a water kelpie in Loch Ness, and he would linger on the road by the side of the loch, in the shape of a fine horse all saddled and bridled, and when, some tired traveller would fain come along and get a ride for a mile or two, no sooner was he in the saddle than down into the losh ran the kelpie and drowned him. But one o' the Macgregors heard o' the kelpie and attacked him. and slashed at the head o' the horse with his claymore, and cat away the end o' the bridle and a piece o' the bit; and it was this that was handed down to Willox the Warlock, as they called him, and many a strange thing he did wi' it, as the folk will tell ye till this day. Well, sir, ye hae been kind to two poor auld women ;* and I'm sure ye're no in league with the police; and I'm just going to show ye that very talisman — that was well known in this country-side when I was a young lass.' Ehe opened her apron, and took up a piece of yellow metal and held it out for him to look at. But he would not touch it ; he did not know what subtle power it might yet possess, and perhaps for evil to the unwary. ' A nd what can ye do with that, then ?' he said, almost in a whisper, and he had a sudden vision of Alec Jameson, and of a storin just outside Nairn harbor, and of a sinking ship, and then a wide, empty sea, with darkness and night and sileac8 coining down on it. 'It's no much that I can do wi' that,9 she said absently. 'The day has gone by. The folk dinna believe in water kelpies now ? ' * Ay, but if there was one ready to be lieve?' said he; eagerly. 'What then, what then, good wife ?' She had taken from her lap another object — an oblong piece of crystal pierced with several holes. ' Bere,' she said, ' is the other talisman that Willox the Warlock used, and maybe there's more to be done wi' that, if ye would learn what's going to happen. Ay, there's many a strange thing has been seen through that glass— many a thing that haa come true when least it was ex pected, for days are no more than hours, and years no more than days, when ye look through it. Would ye like to try ?' 'Well, this was not what he came for ; but he was fearful to offend her, and how could he tell but that at any moment she might suggest the very means that he desired ? So he assented, and in a kind of half mystified way he saw her go and fetch a bowl of water, which she placed in front of the fire. 'Eneel down,' said she, 'and put the glass on the top of the water, and tell me if you see anything on the bottom of the bowl.' He was afraid to take hold of the piece of crystal, but on the other hand he did not know what danger he might incur by refusing, so he did as he was bid. Of course, when the crystal was interposed between the glow of the fire and the bowl of water thtre were shadows thrown on the bottom of the vessel, and sharper lights where the holes were pierced ; and then again these seemed to move, for lie did noii himself know that his hand was so trembling and unsteady. ' If it's waves,' she said slowly, and her eyes could now watch him unseen, ' it's a voyage.' There was no answer. He was puzzling over those mysterious shadows, and too perturbed to make a definite guess. ' If it's trees,' she continued ? ' Ay, it's more like trees, I'm thinking, ' he muttered. ' If it's trees it's a kirkyard,' she said. He sprang to his feet. * A kirkyard ! For whom ?' he cried, perfectly aghast. But the old woman took no notice of this sudden fright. ' How can I tell that ?' said she, in the same calm voice, ' until I hear wliat it is ye want to learn. Indeed, I'll do my best foT ye, sir— though there's nothing sure, there's nothing sure. But ye've been a good friend to us this day —I'll do my best.' Bere, then, was the opportunity he wanted, and he strove to collect himself. He reverently placed the piece of crystal and the bowl on the table, for although fortune-telling was not what he was after, still these things might wt-rk mischief— and then he began Ms story. Truth to say, it was a very transparent fabrication. It needed no witch to surmise that he was speaking of himself and his own affaira. The story was of a farmer dwelling in a certain place, wlio lived soberly and dis creetly, trying to do bis best by the farm, and saving up every penny that he could save. And why ? Because he had a niece, who in the ordinary course of nature would fall heir to the property. Bat was she content with that ? No. The idle hussy must needs take up with a harum scarum young sailor fellow ; and now he was for taking her away from the house ; and he was going to the lawyers to make the farmer hand over all that was due to her — though that had all been expended in the bringing of her up — and also the value of her share in the stock, no doubt. And not only that, but this impudent rascal of a sailor had challenged the farmer to fight, and had miscalled him, and would have lashed him with a horsewhip but that the whip broke in his hands. And could she wonder, he asked eagerly, if he wanted to baffle the intentions of this robber and plun derer; aye, and take vengeance on him for his threats and ecorn ? And was there no way of doing that ? The farmer would pay, he said ; oh, yes, he would pay when the work was done. Hardly as he had earned every penny of his savings, he would do much to save his niece from becoming the slave of such a scoundrel. ' That, now,' he said, fixing his eyes on the piece of yellow metal that lay in her hand, 'could not that work him a mischief ?' 4 I'm no sure about that,' she answered. 'There's other ways— ay, there's other ways o' working a harm, if it was safe to do it. But I maun have the name o' the farmer and o' the young sailor lad,' she added. ? * Surely that's no needfu',' he said, rather drawing back. ' Indeed bnt it is,' she said doggedly. He was loth to compromise himself so far, but on the other hand, being appa rently so near the accomplishment of his wishes, and having risked so much already, he could not think of giving up. ' Graham,' said he, with evident tinii diiy, ' that is the farmer's name ; and the sailor's name, Jameson.' At the mention of the latter name there was a curious little twitch of the old woman's eyes, which he did not notice, and she suddenly said to him — 'But his other name— I mean the sailor lad's.' 'Oh, that's Alec !' he said ?% he had less scruple about giving her that infor mation. ' And it's him that wants the young lass with the money ?' she said, with a quick glance at him. Then she resumed her absent staring into the fire again. He re mained regarding her in silence. He guessed that she was devising sure and certain means for the destruction of his enemy, and would not interfere. 'It's dangerous work,' she said at length. ' Ay, but when it's done it will be well paid for,' said he eagerly. ' Can ye do it — can ye do it, good wife? Can ye bring something upon him? or can ye whisper them that can — something quick and sudden, now, ere he gets time to go to the lawyer's ? I tell ye the lass is talk ing o' leaving the farm at once, and to gether they'll be at the lawyer's ; haste ye to think now, can ye make something befall him — something sharp and sudden, thst will end him for ever ? It was a kirkyaird I saw in the bowl — Fm sure o't — trees and bushes it was that I saw — a kirkyaird it was — and was that for him, good wife ?' She seemed to pay but little heed to his malignant vehemence. For a little while she sate perfectly silent and appa rently absorbed, and then she ~said slowly — c There's the old and sure way, if ye are daring enough to do it.' ' What is't — what is't ?' he said quickly. She looked up again. ' Are ye so hard-set against the lad V ? Wife, wife, ye dinna understand what he threatens to me and mine !' he ex claimed, but in a low voice. 4 Tell me what's to be done, and leave the rest to nie. And quick, quick, it maun be, ere the scoundrel gets to the lawyers.' Inadvertently he had confessed that he himself was the farmer of his imaginary story, but she knew that already. *lt's the old and the sure way,' she repeated In the same slow fashion. ' Ye take a wax image, and ye make ready a big fire, and ye put the image before the fire, and when it begins to melt sickness strikes at hi3 heart. ' Ay, aad he pines and he pines, and no one can tell what is the matter with him ; and on the second day ye put the image to the fire again, and ye begin to stick needles into it, and with every needle ye say — Fire burn, fire stew, Another knife I stick in yon. until the image is finished ; ay, and when that's finished the man's finished, and it's the kirkyaird then for him, and a cold stone at his head.1 ' And the wax image, where could one get that, good wife V said he, almost in a whisper. She regarded him fixedly. 'Come here to-night at nine o'clock to the minute, and It will be ready for ye,' she answered. 'And mind ye let no one see your coming in or your going out ; for it's compassing a man's life ; and what does that mean, if it's found out, but the gallows ?' He started, for there almost seemed a menace in her tone ; but surely she was as much implicated as he himself was? However, he promised to be there punc tually at nine that evening, In the utmost secrecy ; and so he got out of the house and into the quiet little thoroughfare. As he made his way back to the busier parts of the town the white daylight around seemed to have a bewildering effect on his eyes; and his heart was darkened with a nameless dread ; and his brain was busy trying to recall the ghastly incantation he was to use when he put the waxen image of his enemy before the sharp flames. Chapter IV. — The Working of the Chasm:. At nine o'clock that night the moon was uot yet over the chimney tops ; and this little thoroughfare that he sought with stealthy step and anxious look was dark and solitary enough. And 'well he wiEhed himself out of Inverness and back home ; at Fasslie he could take safe and leisurely precautions to avoid observation ; here he knew not what silent foot might be following him, what unseen eye might be upon him ; nor yet what fell enchantment might not be hover ing around tbis very house that he was about to visit. He was a little before the appointed time ; he walked round by the quay and back again ; and ever his attention was fixed on that particular window, where a dull red light shone. What was it that made that light look baleful and sinister ? He wished this business was over and himself back at Faf die Farm. So far as he could perceive he was quite unobserved as he finally went up to tha house, tapped lightly, and was admitted. Not a word was spoken by the taller of the two women, who received him as on the previous occasion ; she merely opened the door of the back room, and shut it behind him when he had entered. And the next moment his startled glance fell upon some thing that was lying there on the table — something that made Mm shiver, though he had never seen the like before ; for the waxen image that lay amongst some cotton fitted into a small box, however rudely it may have been fashioned, seemed to him like a corpse, and to have the cold, clammy, clayey look of a corpse. He turned to the old woman, dreading, to find her eyes fixed on him and reading alike his desire3 and his fears ; but her face waa away from him ; she was staring blankly into the fire. ' Ay, and what now, good wife '?' said he, pretending not to have seen that ghastly object lying there. ' It's ready for ye,' said she, and she turned and glanced at the table. ' There is that that will make a sick man of him, and syne a dead man. Aye, that's the sure way, surer than the talisman that Wilcox the Warlock cut frae the kelpie's mouth.' ' And when will it begin to work, good wife ?' said he anxiously. ' Maybe he's in Inverness at this minute ; maybe he'll no wait for the young lass to come from the farm ; maybe he'll go to the lawyers and make mischief ere he can be stopped. When 'will it begin to work, tell me ; when will he fall ill ?' 'As soon as ever that wax is put to the fire and begins to melt,' said she, 'then the sickness will strike into him. It's a dreadf u' thing to think of — a young man in the prime and health o' life ? ' 'Ay, but such a rascal as ye ne'er heard o',' he said eagerly, for he did not wish her to repent of her connivance ; perhaps she might recall the charm at the last moment. ' I tell ye, ye do well to work harm on such a worthless, mischievous fellow — ay, a rascal that would rob an old man and steal away a lass from her proper home, and seek to get hold o' her money to spend it on riotous livirg. Na, na, dinna fash your head about that, good wife ; he deserves all he'll get and mair. It's a good job ye've done.' And then he turned to the table and re garded the rudely-shaped little effigy. 'And maun I keep it at the fire melt ing and melting to the end V said he, for now that tie. means were within his reach he seemed Impatient to begin. ' No, no,' she answered him ' Three days must go by ; and if at the end o' the third day it's no a' melted way, then into the fire wi' it — poor young fellow, that will be his death-hour !' ' But when I take away the wax frae the fire will the illness stop V he asked. ' No, no ; when ye take the wax frae the fire it will harden ; but when once a man is struck with a pining that holds him — ay, until it's time for the tramp o' the coffin men to be heard en the stair.' ' And no matter where he is will this reach 'him ?' he said. ' Ay, whether he is on sea or land. ' far or near, in a rich man's hou3e or in a poor, when the wax is put to the lire then the pining bsgins, and every time ye put a needle iuto the wax that is a pain going through his heart. Bethink ye, sir, what ye are doing, and spare him if ye can. My sis ter and me are poor folk, and it's ill to get a living in such hard times as these ; and I'm sure we would rather keep to the sewing if my eyes were no so bad. It's no my own will that I would meddle wi' such things as that. I wouldna harm a living souL' He seemed to pay no heed to these pleadings, except in so far as they tended to confirm his belief in the deadly power of this instrument she had made for him ; and now, but with rather uncertain fin gers, he had taken the box in his hand. ' But what's this, good wife f he said suddenly. ' What color is this box ? Green, surely. Ay, that will never do at a' ; ye'll have to get me another box. There'll be no good luck to me or mine if I take aught o' that color into the house. Bless me, it's a wonder I noticed it in candle-light.' ' There's not another box o' the kind, Tout or ben,' said she. * Well, well,' Baid he, ' I'll take it wi' me as it is, and get another ere I set out for home in the morning V and with that he put the lid on, and tied a bit of string round it and was ready to go, 'But ye're no leaving us that way,' said she with a kind of feeble whining remonstrance, 'after a' our trouble. We're poor, poor folk, my sister and me ; and what with the police and the fiscal and the neighbors spying on us, and glad to say an ill word when they can, it's a hard struggle to live. And this practising on a man s life, that we risk the gallows by, is that not to be paid for ¥ ' But I've given ye four pounds, woman !' he said angrily. And then lie quickly bethought him that this was not the tone in which to address one who might turn these very powers against himself. 'But dinna let's quarrel,' said he. 'No, no ; see here's another ; that's five, and a good day's wage. But it's not five, but twice five ye'll have from me when this work's done. Ten pounds will I give ye on that day ; just mind that now, and ye'll be looking forrit to the end as eager as I am niysel'. And so good night to ye, good wife ; and just keep a quiet tongue in your head about this affair until I see ye again. ' And so he got him out of the house, and stole quietly away back to the inn where he was lodging. There he succeeded in getting a box something of the same size as the green one ; and when he had trans ferred to it the deadly instrument that was to work woe on his enemy he felt more at ease. And late into the night he eat up in his solitary little room, wonder ing at what hour of the following evening he would begin to melt the wax figure, and wondering where Alec Jamason would be when first he should find himself smit ten with that strange sickness. Com punction, remorse, hesitation he had none. He was all too anxious to strike. Not only revenge for the past, but regard for his own safety in the future goaded him on. And how could any one call it mur der when he but melted a doll at a fire, as any child might do ; if there were maleficient beings who would make that the occasion for working a man's bane, he knew them not. But if these invisible powers befriended him now as they had befriended him in times past, surely he would be grateful to them, though he might never know how to call them by their name ? The old woman, too, he would establish friendly relations with her ; it was better to be safe with every one all round. He reached home the following after noon, and he was unusually civil to his niece, but in a suspicious, watchful way, when that he chanced to meet her about the house. Again, as they sat down to supper in the evening he said,' with an appearance of good humor— 1 'Well, now if you have sense, lass, ye'll change your mind about leaving FassHe.' 'And indeed, uncle,' she said. ' lt'a no wish of mine that I should leave Fasslie — at least not the now ; and if 1 have to go it will be with no great gladness.' ? But who can make ye go if ye dinna want to go ?' he said eagerly. ' Think o't, lass. Think o: the chances o' life, and you gohog out to face them by yoursel', yes, by yoursel' ; for what batter is a sailor's wife than a left widow woman when he's away at sea ? Ay, and the chances o' storms and shipwrecks, think o' that ; and you living by yourael' and waiting and waiting. That's a terrible life for a young lass to lead. Here ye've a comfortable home, where your father's name is weel kenned in the countryside : and there's friends for ye in. time o' trouble, and ye can see that every thing that's done to better the house or the buildings or the farm, that's a' being done for what is yonr own — or for what will be your own when I am taken. It's a sad thing to see a young lass beguiled and led away from her own folk, where she has everything and no trouble, and to see her going out to face the world by hersel', among strangers that ken nothing about her or hers, and will swindle her, or miEca' her, or cheat her, whenever they get the chance. It's a sad, sad thing to see, and I never thought it would be you, Ailie, lass.' He had never spoken like this to her before. Ordinarily he was querulous, dis satisfied, complaining in his manner to wards her ; and oftentimes downright iU tempered, dictatorial, and brutaL And for a second or two this plausible reasoning and this apparent friendliness of his tone rather bewildered her ; but presently she aid — ' It's too late to think o' that, uucle. I have given my word to Alec Jameson, and I am not going to take it back.' 'It's never to late to mend an error,' said he, and he was watching her with some eagerness, as if he expected to see some sign of yielding in her face. ' And as for being a sailor's wife,' she continued, ' I suppose everyone has some trouble. Besides, it will not be so bad when Alec is made captain, and then lean go a voyage with him from time to time.' 'And who is going to make him cap tain V he said scornfully, ' They would make him that now,1 she answered simply, ' if only he had money to buy a fifth share in the Princess Mary. ' Instantly his face changed, and there was a savage gleam from under the bu3hy eyebrows. ' Ay, ay, there again — it's money he's after, as well I kenned,' he said, between his teeth ' Money to bay a fifth, share in the Princess Mary ! Well, well, what's going to be will be.' Apparently he was trying to conceal his anger. He remained silent for some little while, busying hhnself with his supper. Then he said in quite a conciliatory way — ' Ailie, lass, do you think they could light a fire for me in the safe-room V for so he had chosen to designate the room in which he placed the iron chest ' Oh, yes,' said she, ' its many a day since there was a fire in that room, but I dare say the chimney will draw well enough.' ' A s soon as ye've finished, then, just bid the lass light a fire there,' said he, 'ay, said a good blazing fire, lor I hare papers and things to bum.' ' Very well, uncle, 'she said, and, as she had just then finished supper, she went away to do as she was bid. It did not occur to him as unnecessarily and wantonly cruel to ask a young girl to go and get ready a fire for the slow burning of her lover's effigy ; his thoughts were elsewhere, he was trying to guess where Alec Jameson might be at this mo ment, now that this fell disease was about to strike at his vitals. In a public-house, making merry ? Or on board the Princess Mary, wondering when he was to become . captain ? Or perhaps deciding as to which of the lawyers he would go to on the fol lowing day ? Anyhow, for him and his mischief making, and his insolent de signs, there had come an end. It was Alison herself who came to announce that the fire was lit and burning well. He went away and got a pair of iron pincers ; then he sought out the little chamber and shut himself in, lock ing the door behind him. Outside the world was growing white with the moon light — the sea waa distinctly visible, and the far and dusky line of coast, un der the clear still heavens ; and so, for some reason or another, he went to the window and closed the shutters, and barred them. Then he lit the solitary candle that was standing on the mantel shelf ; after a hard struggle he managed to open the big iron chest ; he took there from the little box he had depo sited there for safety in the afternoon ; and presently the wax effigy was in the firm grip of tfce pincers. He went to the fire. 'Jhe flames were burning merrily now. And tbtn, after a moment's hesita tion, he thrust the wax in front of the hot red glow. All this he had done as one in a dream. It was not of these mechanical appliances he wa3 thinking ; it was of the effect of the incantation, as it would now be hap pening many a mile away. Had the- pain begun ? or was it only a feverish heat he felt as yet and a sickness? and W6te the ? maleficient spirits at work, hovering over the house where Jameson was, and chuck ling, maybe, and laughing over their devilish trade i Did the old woman know what was going on ? Perhaps she would help ! He had left her in a friendly mood ; she had everything to hope for ; thwarting him would not serve her turn ; aiding him would be to her own advan tage. And Alison would still remain at Fasslie 5 and the money and bonds and railway shares would be untouched and his own ; and no longer would the nights be full of fears as to what the lawyers in Inverness might do. But this wax image seemed hard and cold and impenetrable. It did not seem to melt. And was the fire not yet begin ning to pierce him ? Perhaps the favor ing unseen powers and influences were waiting — were impatient— might go away ? And so he held the effigy closer and closer to the bars, until it almost touched the coals. A drop fell — and another — and another ; and he began to tremble and his head to swim for that they looked so like blood. And then, in a half-dazed way, he rather withdrew the wax from the heat. The melting was to be done thrice ; too fierce and sudden a sickness, killing a man at once, might provoke suspicion. And so he withdrew the image somewhat, suffering it to harden again, and yet gradually. No matter if it were hardened quite and cold ; the pain had struck ; the disease would work now j his enemy was disposed of. And yet he was not altogether satisfied, 'Why should a few minutes' torture im peril a man's life ? Perhaps he had been too hasty in withdrawing the image from the fire ? And then again, although the wise woman had instructed him to pierce the wax with needles on the second day of the melting, what harm could there be in putting in one now, just to make assu rance doubly sure, go he held the effigy to the flames again, but not too near, until the wax grew soft ; and then, under his breath and with a malignant- emphasis which showed how profoundly he believed in the baleful efficacy of the charm, he repeated the words — Fire bum, fire stew, This first knife I stick in you. and drove the point of the needle into the upper part of the image, about where the heart of a man would be. A further drop or two of the wax fell on the hearth stone, more like blood than ever, as it appeared to him. But he was satisfied now. The mischief was begun. His un known friends could not complain of any want of thoroughness on his part. When he had replaced the now shrun ken image in the box, and placed that again in the iron chest, and locked the same, he blew out the candle, and made his way back to the parlor. Here he found Alison and the servant lasses assembled for family worship, that being the custom of the house ; and there was the big chair drawn into the table, and the family Bible lying open His first duty was to read a chapter, and he began to do so at once, but in a mechanical fashion, for he could not keep his thoughts from going back to the little chamber, and the red fire, and the needle, and the drops falling like blood on the hearth stone. This was the 23rd chapter of the Book of Numbers he was reading ; and he had come upon it quite fortuitously ; for the practice of the house was to go steadily through the Bible, from end to end, one chapter a night. And yet as he read of Balak, the king of Moab, who would have a curse fall upon Israel, and how Balaam was constrained to bless the people, his mind was haunted with mis giviEgs ; and then came the verse — ' Surely there is no enchantment against Jacob, neither is there any divination against Israel : according to this time it shall be said of Jacob and of Israel — What hath God wrought'/' Bat tiie mechanical reading came to aa end ; then he gave out the psalm — ' They in the Lord that firmly trust Shall he like Zion hill, Which at no time can be removed, But etandeth ever still. As round about Jerusalem The mountains stand alway, The Lord His folk doth compass so, From henceforth and for aye.' and they sang that to the plaintive tune of ' Martyrdom,' Alison leading ; and then Alisen and the girls went, and he waa left alone. There was something disquieting in that chapter, however perfunctorily he had read out the verses, and now, as he sat in the big arm-chair, plunged in a profound reverie, he tried to recall them. And what was it that had caused the curse of Balaam to fail? What had changed it into a blessing ? Surely the fact that the children of Israel were under the special protection of the Almighty, who had interfered with the ordinary course of nature on their be half. ' And it was long ago/ he continued to reason with himself in these half -discon- nected musings, ' and it was in another part of the world altogether. But long ago as it was, longhefore that there were the other powers, in the glens and among the hills and by the lochs, and who has put them away ? Before ever the children of Israel were brought out of Egypt the kelpies were in every water in Scotland ; and the underground people in every lonely mound and hillock ; and spirits in every wood and glen and on every wide untenanted moor ; who could think that they had all been destroyed ? Balaam's curse was turned into a blessing, but that was in another land ; and the Lord was working miracles from day to day on be half oi a particular people. But that was all over now ; and here in Scotland the mysterious powers that dwelt in earth, and air, and water were allowed to work their will, as thousands upon thousands of stoiies testified. And who was Alec Jameson that any interference should be made on his behalf. A common sailor that might lose his life to-morrow, or next day, by stumbling oveivthe .edge of a quay or falling down a stair, and' the world pay no heed at alL No, no ; there could be no interference in his case. There were reasons for miracles in former days, when there was a whole nation to save ; but this was merely a sailor lad in Inverness. Who was to interfere to save him ? And already the fire was kindled — the con suming fire that was to eat through him, ajid wither him, and destroy him for ever.' That night old Robert Graham could not sleep ; when he dozed off for a few minutes appalling visions presented them selves to him, and he would awake with a cry of terror, gazing wildly at the door of his room as if he expected strange figures to stalk in. At last he got up and lit a candle and tried to read ; and then he would walk up and down the room for another half -hour, thinking mostly of In verness, and of what might ba happening there in the dead of night ; and, finally, when the first grey light of the dawn appeared, he completed his dressing, and was right glad to get out into the acsuil world, though it was as yet all voiceless and untenanted and spectral. DnrlDg that day he was quite anxiously civil towards his niece ; though he did not notice that she on her part was disturbed and restless, and absent from tima to time for a considerable period. ' Ailie, hiss,' eaid he, at their mid-day dinner, ? Fm thinking of taking a trip to Edinburgh in a week or twa's time.' 'Yes, uncle? ' Would ye like to go wi' me ?' he said, but he kept his eyes down, for this was not a natural part for him to play. 'Me, uncle V she said, in great sur prise. ' Both of us have as hard work as moat folk,' he said ; ' what wi' the farm and the house, and we're no so ill off, though it's a lot o' money to spend on the railway. But ye've often said ye would like to see iidinbnrgh, and a lass come to your time o' life shouldna have it to say that ye ne'er saw a town bigger than Inverness ; and I'm thinking we'll just have a bit holiday trip together, if ye're willing. Tour mind has been set on other things, , as weel I ken ; but a young lass's fancies alter and alter as the days pass ; and I say ye'll be aB well pleased to see Edin burgh as anybody. And we'll no spend so much money aftera', for well go to some quiet, clean, comfortable, bit inn or lodg ing-house about the Oowgate ; and for the sightseeing — for ye maun see the Oasfclo and the ('alton-hul and Holy rood, and a mony things like that — weel, we'll just do it on foot, as heaps o' better folk have to do. Ay, ay, lass, your mind will hae plenty to think o' when ye climb up Arthur's Seat and see the big town lying below ye. It's a fine sight, that I've heard folk say there's not a finer in the three kingdoms.' Alison Graham could not at all' under stand this unwonted complaisance on the part of her uncle j bub she Baid little ; she seemed preoccupied. And had he, also, not been so busy with his own affairs he might have complained of her repeated absences from the house in the afternoon. But he did not notice. He was looking forward to the evening and the renewal of the torture. What was happening in Inverness 1 The pining and wasting had lasted now nearly twenty-four hours ; soon there would come the occasion for the driving in of those vengeful knives. Just before Bupperhe thought he would steal into the safe-room for a minute, and see how the corpse-like image looked after the melting of the previous night. He had not ordered the fire to be lit as yet ; and as.he had left the window barred, he took a match with him in order to light the candle. He approached the door silently and stealthily, as if there were a coffin in the room. His fingers trembled as they groped for the handle of the door, though he could scarce have told why ; what was there to harm in a piece of moulded wax ? Inside, Hie little chamber was quite dark. He felt for the head of the match. And then — over there at the window-recess— he saw something white. His eyes wera fas cinated ; he went forward ; it was some thing wavering, blue-white, and spectral in the darkness ; was it on toe lid of the iron chest? A kind of wave or thadow passed over it, and it partly disappeared ; the next moment it shone oat with an appalling distinctness— the likeness of a gallows in gleaming white fire. Terror stricken, speechless, with palsied hands and frenzied eye- balls, he stood and glared at this awful thing; and then 'three shrieks — three shrill, sharp shrieks, uttered in rapid succession — rang through the silent house, and the old man fell helpless and senseless to the floor. Chapter V. — The Bride's 'Dowry. When those three shrill screams ran through the house Alison Graham, who was seated alone in the parlor — bat apparently not very intent on the work that lay in her lap — threw her sewing aside and went swiftly tip the stair. When she reached the landing the dim moonlight in the passage showed her that the door of a small storeroom there was just being opened ; and she knew that the dark figure issuing from it must ba Alec Jameson. She caught him by the arm. ' Oh Alec, whathas happened ?' she said, in a frightened whisper. * What is it 1 What has happened f 'Get a light and see,' he answered hurriedly, but in an undertone. ' Maybe your uncle has had a fit. I'm going down to the shore ; I'll wait for you there.' He disappeared. She had to return to the parlor for a candle ; but her mind was so bewildered by wild forebodings that she seemed as one dazed, and she could scarce light the candle for the shaking of her hand. Had the two men met? Had a murder been done in the house ? Was there some ghastly object lying there in the safe-room ? And yet Jameson had declared to her that his first object was to keep out of the way of her uncle ; and had - made the most elaborate precautions for concealing himself in the store closet. However, she could not reason about it. 'J he three piercing shrieks were a fcummoBs. Whatever sight might be awaiting her, to that dreaded safe-room she must go. She went quickly up the stair again, and had just reached the door when she fancied she heard a stirring within. For. a moment she paused, as if to summon her courage together ;. then she boldly opened the door and entered. The next instant she had uttered a sharp cry of alarm. ' Uncle, what is it ?' The old man was struggling to his feet, white-faced, with staring eyes, and ap parently speechless. He seized her by the hand and clung to her ; then he darted a brief, terrified glance back to wards the iron chest in the recess ; there was nothing ot an unusual kind visible there. 'Ailie — Ailie, lass,' said he at length— - ard Bhe felt that he was trembling like a reed, and was, indeed like to fall to the floor again — ' dinna leave me — just bide here for a minute or two — I've had a kindo' wakeness come o'er me — but Til be all right in a minute ? ' He stopped for want of breath. 'I'll go and fetch you something, uncle,1 said she. ' Some brandy ? ' 'Ay, ay, brandy — brandy,' he managed to stammer out. 'Then sit down for a moment, uncle . and I'll bring it. Here, let me get you the chair ? ' ' No, no, dinna leave me, Ailie, lass — no, no — wait a minute, and I'll gang wi' ye ; ay, now, help me a bit, we'll get down to the parlor ; there, now, that's a gool lass.' She gave him what help she could, waile she held the candle aloft with her other hand ; and in this way they got down, to the parlor, where he sank helplessly into an arm chair. 1 The brandy, now, Ailie ; it's a kind o' wakeness that came o'er me — there's a good lass.' For she had quickly gone tothecupboard and poured some brandy into a tumbler acd brought it to him. With a shaJdog hand he managed to raise it to his lips and take a gulp of it. At the same moment there was a noise without in the passage— a servant laes was bringing along the things ~ for supper. *Ko, no,' he eaid, and he held up his hand as if to forbid her entrance. ' Go and tell her, Ailie, not to come inhere — not yet — later on.' Alison went to explain to the girl that her uncle was not yet ready for his supper ; and while she was gone he kept muttering to himself. ' They're against me— they're against me — and the wise woman spoke of a gallowetoo — what has angered them 2 — but there's an end of that now.' Alison returned, and though she had so great cause to testify solicitude about her uncle — whose treatment of her had been of the harshest — still he was in need of help and care, and, woman-like, she busied herself about him, and got a pillow for his head, and made a hundred little suggestions for his comfort. ' I've been an ill man, Aflie,' he said, though it almost seemed to her that he was talking to himself, so absent were his eyes. ' I've done wrong and harm, but surely the worst sinner will find meicy aud peace if he repents. There's aye that. Seek and ye shall find. The door is aye open. The .Lord is meiyifiyi — ^y, even to the worst. Ailie, lass, bring over ihe big Bible to the table, »nd read me the Twenty-third Psalin — there's a good lass.' ' But will I not send for the doctor, uncle V said she quickly ; for this caJiiug for religious consolation startled her. * No, no ; there's the doctor I want — ^ peace and mercy — peace and grace — the door's aye open.' So she went and got the Bible and laid it on the table, and proceeded to read the Psalm that he wanted. And as she read he followed her, apparently repeating phrases from time to time, with littla comments of his own — *'The Lord is my Shepherd'— aye,. that's right, the Loid can save j what foe '. would anyone go away from ? ' Yea, though I walk through the valley oE the shadow of death' — no terrors, no ii terrors now. I would be on the safe side t ? on the Lord's side —and then who can . 1 Jiarm ? ? ' ' Thou preparest a table before '\ me' — ay, indeed, it's the Lord's side.that's ' \ the eafe side ; no harm can come then ; j \ Bafety only, and peace, and a quiet mind. I a ? ? 'I will dwell in the house of the Lord for ever' — ay, that's right. I'm obliged to ye, Ailie, lass; ye may shut the book now ; in the house of the Lord for ever, that's where there's safety, that's the safe side — in the house of the Lord for ever.' When she had shut the big Bible and put it back in its place she returned to him, anxious to do what she could for him ; and indeed, those mumbled remarks had caused her some concern, for they sounded like the utterances of one whose mind had. been unhinged. And yet her uncle was evidently recovering his ordinary look ; and not only that, but he had some tnought to bestow upon her. He would have her call to the servant to bring supper now, it was not for himself, it was for her. Why should she be kept hungry merely because a weakness had come over him, and he had sunk fainting to the floor for a minute or two ? Nay, he in sisted Alison, who was far more solici tous about him than he had any right to expect, would have dismissed all notions about supper but that he would not be denied ; so the girl was summoned and the table laid. Daring that time the old farmer remained profoundly silent and thoughtful. When the girl had gone he spoke. ?Ailie, lass,' said be, in a low voice as if he feared someone might be listening without — ' tell me now, do ye happen to be aware o' Alec Jameson's address in In verness V She was startled, and looked at him as if to find out what lie meant by such a question ; but his eyes were bent on the floor. ' Yes uncle,' she answered. 'Well, now, lass,' he said, but still not regarding her, 'after ye've finished wi' your supper ye'Jl jist sit down aad write him a bit note, bidding him to come through to Fasslie. It's a bad thing to have Quarrelling— a bad thing ; it's better to be friendly ; and you jlst tell him that if he'll come through, here, we'll see if something cannot be done to put us all on friendly terms. Ay, ay ; and just in case he should have gone to Nairn to see his mother, send him a bit note there too ; it's all the one writing, and no great trouble.3 'Indeed, uncle, it is not any trouble I would spare to bring you and him to gether,' she said ; but she was entirely be wildered. She could not understand this sudden chaDge of front — nor yet the singular events of that evening. ' Ay, and if he is not well enough to come,1 the old man continued cautiously, ' if anything is the matter with him, and he canna come through to Fasslie, then ye'll just tell him that we would like to make friends all the same ; and he is to ' look forward to that when lie gets better ; and that there's none wish him sooner well again than the folk at Fasslie.3 'But he's not ill at all, uncle,' Alison exclaimed. ' How ken ye that V said he quickly. 'Because ? ' eaid she ; and then she stopped and stammered, and it was well that he did not notice her confusion 'Because — he would have let me know — ob, I am sure he is not ill at all — I am sure of that.' The old man relapsed into silence ; and she went on with her supper. When she had finished she aeked him whether she should summon the lasses for family wor ship, or whether he would not omic that on this evening, seeing that he was not so ?well. But the old farmer would not hear of any such omission ; the girls came in; tbe big Bible was opened ; and he began the reading. It was the 24th chapter of the Book of Numbers he had to read, and he eeemed singularly- distraught and absent as he bt-gan : ' And when Balaam saw that it pleased the Lord to bless Israel he went not, as at other times; to seek for enchant ment?, but he set his face toward the wilderness. ' Kay, now and again he would stop and repeat a phrase, as if pondering over the appl'cation of it to his own case ; and especially he did so when he came to ' Blessed is he that blesseth thee.' Alison could not but observe that her uncle was very strange ia his manner ; and more tban ever was she bewildered as to what had happened during the evening ; but she knew that an explanation would soon be forthcoming, as soon as she could slip away from the house and seek out her lover, who was waiting for her down by the shore. That opportunity arrived directly, for ?when family ?worship was over her uncle bade her go away and write the two letters, charging her to make them as friendly as possible. Instead of going to her own little room she merely drew a shawl around her -head and shoulders, opened the front door quietly, and stole out into the night. The sea wes much quieter now than it had been during the first few days, though still a murmurous noise told of the regular fall and recoil of the waves ; and if the moonlight was scarcely so strong as it had been it was siill clear enough to lighten up this solitary world of shore and water and solemn over-archirjg sky. She walked quickly ; she could hear even her light . footfall in the prevailing silence that the monotonous wash of the waves hardly seemed to break. But by-and-bye she was nearer down to the sea ; then she began to look around her; she heard her name whispered, the next moment] she was in a sheltered nook among the rocks, with her sweetheart's arms enfolding her. ' Oh, Alec, tell me what it is all about — it is all so strange-^so strange,' she said, as she freed herself from the encumbering shawl, so that she could nestle close to him : 'Do you know that my uncle thinks you have been ill?' ' It's no fault of his that I am not/ he SSLIO^ SEUQUV* ( Oh, but you must not speak like that any more,7 said she earnestly. 'It is to be all different now. He is most anxious to befriends with you.' 'What— already?' 'At this very moment he thinks I am writing to you, bidding you come to Fasslie; there is to be no more quarrel ling, but everything friendly and welL And what has made the change, Alec ? What has happened? Tell me, quick, dear, for I must get back to my uncle.' 'Is he ill after the fright?' the young sailor asked — and there was a curious smile on his face. ' Not so ill as he was — oh, no ; we had the family worship just as usuaL But he has been greatly disturbed. Maybe the 1 \- fainting fit frightened him ; now tell me, j . Alec, what you wanted to be in the Louse ' for.' j 'But it's a long story, Ailie, my dear ? ' j ' Hell no tabs me for a while,' said she, - for I had two letters to write — and he was ! arxious they should be very, very I friendly, and bring you to Fasslie just ' at once.' j He laughed. ! ' That's a change in the weather,' said he. 'However, I tell ye how it all came about Your uncle has been trying to murder me.' 'Alec !' she exclaimed, and she tried to withdraw herself from him. *Oh, but it's true, Ailie, darling,' said lie coolly. ' First he thought to fell me, . bat I bid him beware of what would happen ; and then he brought out a horse whip, but I broke that; then he spoke about the collies, but -what was the use : of thai when yon were by me ; and so, as be couldna get at me any other way, what more natural than that he should try if a witch could help him ? Ailie, my . . dear, your uncle's a queer man; surely lie was born and brought up in Shetland ; ? why, there's not an ignorant servant lass .;. nor a half-witted sailor has such a faith a magic and witchcraft, if all I hear ba 1 rue. Ay, and it is true ; and what has 1 lappened this night is a proof o't i 1 Vould you believe it, then — your uncle j ] rent into Inverness to get hold of some : t pitch or spey-wife there that would work ; i , mischief on me ; and as good luck would ? i lave it, he happened on two poor old : 1 todies called Lissom, that get a sixpence ; -r a shilling now and again by telling for- i ^ unes. I'm told that it's only of late ; ( rears /they've taken to such tricks ; when ; ay mother knew them in Nairn they were ; j respectable, hard-working folk just like 1 ^ ttheraj but as they grew old they got ! j ess work ; and I suppose the temptation 1 , -f picking up a little money easily in that j ] ray 'was too much, for them ; so that now i ] irhen a sailor-lad wants to know if his lass i j vill bide true to him, he just slips round \ ( » the wise women, and they bid hi-n i - ook through a piece of crystal or some i ^ lonsense of that kind, and then he comes j . m board with a light heart. Ay, and that i | -ld Nancy Lissom is a sharp one ; she led ! ] rour uncle on from one thing to another, | i tnd got hold of the whole story ; and all j j he time she was saying to herself, 'Thh j ( ivill be news for Mrs. Jameson, and per- j laps her laddie will gain by it.' As for ] )ld Nancy,' the young sailor continued ] nith a laugh, ' fire pounds was what she j jot — and a mighty windfall it was for ;hem, I'm thinking — but they were to get j jver so much more as soon a3 they managed to kill me, so I'm much obliged bo them for staying their hand.' 'But what do you mean, Alec — kill pou ?' the girl exclaimed. ' Why, she pretended she could waste me with a sickness by melting a wax image before a fire ; and she gave your uncle the image, and told him what to do, and last night he was to begin.' Alison uttered a little cry. There [lashed into her memory the lighting of the fire of the previous evening. Oauld this terrible tale be true ; had her uncle really been plotting against the life of her Lover ? ' Ay, she is a sharp one, that old Nancy Lissom, ' he continued in his matterof Fact way. ' The very first thing the next morning she sent her sister to my mother to find out where I was ; and then I went back with her ; and between them they Hade out a fine plan— at least I am think ing it has worked very well so far, Ailie, ind I think that neither you nor me will Bver have a word to say against spey-wivea is long as we live. I need not tell you how it was all arranged ; for you must be getting back to the house ; if your uncle Found out that I was in the neighborhood he might suspect ; but this I will tell you, that when he went into the safe-room this evening he saw something he will not for get in a hurry. There was a gallows painted in white fire on the lid of the iron chest. Was not that a good warning? Faith it was a narrow squeak for me, for I had just time to bolt into the store - closet when I heard his foot on the staus ; ay, and no sooner was I in than the phos phorus bottle fell from my hand, and I thought he would have heard the rattle of it, but I suppose he did not. And so he wants to be friends wi' me ? Well, Fm willing to let bygones be bygone3. When I said to old J*»ncy Lissom — 'But if I put that phosphorus gallows on the iron chest I may frighten the old man out of his senses,' she says directly — 'Well, then, he would have murdered you if he could.' So it's quits, as far as I atn minded. Now, Ailie, dear, I would like to stand here talking to you the whole night through, but we must not run any risk. He must not know I am here ? ' ' Bnt you will stay on at the keeper's cottage, Alec,' she said, ' until there's time for the letters to go to Inverness and for you to come back ? Of course, you will do that, when he is so anxious to sea you. And to-morrow forenoon, about eleven, be at the corner of the fir planta tion, and I will come and tell you how things are going. Good n:ght, good night.' They parted, and she hastened back to the house. She found that the old farmer had not noticed her absence ; he had drawn the arm- chair into the table, and was poring over, the family -Bible, occa sionally repeating a verse aloud — 'Thy word is a lamp unto my feet, and a light unto my path. . . The wicked have laid a snare for me ; yet I erred not from thy precepts. ... I have inclined mine heart to perform thy statutes alway, even unto the end.' And whea he ceased he told Alison that, en reflection, his con science would not allow him to touch the little keg of smuggled whisky that had been secretly sent him from the ' Black Bothy' (it was really a bribe ; for the whereabouts of the illicit still was well known to the shepherds), but that if it was presented to Mr. Mclnroy (the minister of the parish) there woull be a kind of sanctifying it to goad uses ; con sequently he bade Alison see that the little cask was dispatched to the manse on the following morning, with a message of compliments ; for Mr. Mclaroy was a good man, and respected, and it behoved all decent people to do what they could for the comfort and well-being of a minis ter of the Gospel. After that he coun selled Alison to be a good girl, and said that peace and prosperity came to those who walked in straight and upright ways ; and then, after she had persuaded him to have a little supper, and also (without any persuasion) a stiff tumbler of whisky and water, he again recommended her to -walk in the paths of mercy and justice and loving-kindness to all mankind, and got him away to bed. Well, when sufficient time had been allowed to elapse for the arrival of the letters at Inverness and Nairn, and for the return of the proper answer, Alec Jame son made his appearance ; and very muih . surprised he appeared to be at the sum mons, but humble, . and civil, . and cour teous withaL , AfSer...on.e sharp, .brief' glance, the old man rather kept^iis -eyes away from him ; but that single glance had satisfied the farmer that no mischief at all had been wrought by the charm. Had the unseen powers been mocking him, then, or luring him on to his doom ? Anyway that was all over ; he would keep to the straight path ; whatever amends had to be made he would make now ; and then, with his hands washed clean of Alison's affairs, how could any one in the future harm him, above ground or under ground, in the water or above the sky 1 Alison, her uncle, and Alec Jameson were in the parlor. ' It's but a natural thing for young folk to think of getting married,' said, the farmer, * and I've changed my mind ; I'll no stand in your way any louger. And then there's another thing. When Alison leaves the farm she maun take wi' her her share ; that's bat right ; I want to be just and fair to every one, man or woman, old or young. It's no for me to say how much it is, for I've worked har 1 for her sake and my own ; but we'll hav 3 the lawyers draw out an account, an I whatever is hers she'll have. Are you satisfied?' Be looked up at the young man. I * It was not after Alison's money that I . ever came to Fasslie,' Alec Jameson said. j 'But are ye satisfied ?' I ' I would take Alison without a penny, if that was her condition,' he Bald. ' But are ye satisfied V the old man insisted. ? 'Oh, yes. On behalf of Alison I can not but say that is a fair offer.' 1 ' For this is what I want to say,' the old farmer continued, * that when Ailie has got every penny that is strictly hers, weel, then, a young lass should hae a little bit extra to spend on hersel' when she's going to get married, and over and above what the lawyers give. I mysei' will give her fifty pounds — fifty pounds will I give her. For what ? Ju3t to show that there's nae ill-feeling between me and her, or the man she's going to marry, or . any other human crayture.' Of course they professed themselves profoundly grateful ; it was none of their busineeB to probe the deeps of human motives, though they may have had a j little bit of a guess as to the origin of thu unwonted generosity ; besides the fifty pounds would do something to beautify the little cottage just outside Inverness that these two had talked of from time ti time, with but scant notion that it was to be so soon in their possession. And a very pretty cottage it is, too, at this moment ; and if you happen to be driving by you may catch a glimp3e of Alison Graham — or rather Mrs. Jameson, Eor such has been her state and title these three or four years or more— at work trim ming and pruning in the back garden, while a small, bullet headed boy is tumb ling about near her among the gooseberry bushes, and doing what muahief his tiny fists can. The fif cy pounds were carefully expended, but as for the other money coming to Alison, that has not been touched ; on the contrary, it has been added to, for Captain Jameson's fifth share has so far been profitable. Alison has gone one or two voyages in the Princess Mary ; but she is not particu larly fond of it : with two chil dren to look after the time does not hang heavily on her kaads She has her holiday time when Alec Jameson conies home from sea ; and they hive plonty o£ friends in Inverness ; though sh * has not yet mustered up courage enough to accept her husband's jocular invitation that she should go an4 see the two wise women. She prefers to leave them alone. As for old Robert Graham, he is an elder now. The shrunken wax effigy he buried at cockcrow on a Sabbath morn ing, when, as every one knows, charms and incantations are powerless to harm ; the rest of the day he devoted to reading aloud from the family Bible. Whether the mysterious and unnamed powers are still unfriendly, or are content to let bygones be bygones, he cannot judge ; at all events he would cherish no ill- will against them ; perhaps they only resented some touch of green being left on the big iron chest. But he never goes into the safe-room now after the sun has sunk behind the western hills. 