Tfio Annual Dinner bf the Vine growers’ Association. ' The first dinner of the Itufclicrglcn lmd Murray River Vinogrowers’ Association took place at the Star Hotel, Ruthcrglen,' lust evening, when some thirty-live persons sat down. The clmir was occupied by the newly-elected president, Mr. Camille Reau, with Mr. George. Graham on his left, as viue- elmirman. After the dinner lmd been served- tho, Chairman proposed the toast of “Tier Majesty the Queen,” fol lowed by “.The, Prince of Wales and the Royal .Family,” After this followed tho “Parliament and Government of Vic toria,” • After these toasts had been drunk Mr. George Smith proposed tho toast ;o£y A The , President.!’. In doing so he>sjii(T:} [ ■ ' - • * , ’ ■ ; .. Tlu* toast ho lmd to propose was the toast of the evening—rthe newly-elected president, lie had much pleasure in proposing tho toast, as he had.known Mr. itcaii for thirty years. Ho first knew him in BcechwortU in lSuti. Ho knew‘him to bo a thoroughly straightfor ward man; and. olio who had always taken ;au active , part in the wine industry of - the district. I To remembered when Mr. Renu kept an hotel ho always kept his table well supplied with the best of wines. He had en deared himself in the hearts of every vigneron in the district. There was one thing 'he wantedio say; and that was, that the society was liUt' fhr the large vignerons exclusively, it was for all. Those who had only a few acres now,, invtwenty years they might have hun dreds.’;. Vine |plauting;is jft kihdof-nu insinua ting business:* Meir'plant;'tWo or three acres, and then they must go on until they get into hundreds. Jf .the ^Society boiunfits the largo growers it will benefit the small ones also. Ho . would urge , the membnin present to give all the support they possibly could to the.'new officers. Ho paid a high compliment to the previous secretary, Mr. Aialley, awl trusted that the new secretary would fill the office with credit, to. himself and honor to' the society; lie said if the members would only work togetlier they* would be recognised by tho Government, and the-society would' prove to be a power in the district. In South Au stral hi a license could be obtained for the sum of ;U3, \\#lii,blVenabled !anyone tu'yell wines. 1 f they coidU otily get something1 ‘of;'that’kind here it would create a revolution in the indus try, and increaserthe* sellers and decrease the quantity in the cellars. Ho trusted the next dinner they .held it would be necestary to go to tile Town Hall. (Applause.) • ! The President, Mr. Ueau, in response, said that they had placed him in a very peculiar position. He felt quite out of - place. As far as wines wore concerned, lie lrnu always taken a great interest in them, ami always should as long ns.he was in the colony. He would here remark that be would always remember their kindness in {.lacing him'in the proud position of President of t ho Association. He would do aR;thatj-tay in his power to advance the indus try,! ;riu<l ;t juiriked the society /for their/coqfi Mr. George Graham said he had a toast to propose which, >yquld come home to every one of the members. Tt was: “The Ruthcrglen and Murray River Vi negro wars’ Association.” tt had bepu in existence a little over 12 mouths, and he must tell them what had been done. It had been asked outside, “ What good lias the society done for llie industry,” and lie was glad to say that 11 icy.had- been able to lighten :fho burdens of the growers, ami that was.a groat deal. When a deputation waited upon the Railway Commissioners and asked them to reduce the fre'ght on large casks t hey did $<> but, he was sorry to' say that they liad not yet reduced Die feight on small casks, tliough no doubt they would do so. When he told them that some,300 tong of grapes left the Rnlhor glen station, and about 100 tons' left from the district during this, year, which represented .sonic 'iM'tbo; jtpvould give them'a}faint.-idea of the proportion 3 td whfdli:thc 'industry is lend ing to in this district. The deputation had also requested that ’excursion1 'tiekeis might be issued during the mouths of January, February and March and he way glad to say they Had been extended during April. He referred to tho rapid growth of the industry, and said the time was fast approaching when it would be necessary to export a great deal of our wines, and thought that the Government should be asked to help t he viuegrowors in doing so. He referrcdjo the .necessity of having Dr. L. L. Smith <plaecUAipcm . the commission T>C 1883, and said they were supported in this by the Renan a and Shcppavtou societies.. He referred io’tlie 'mallei' of a representative' for Par iiament, urguig that, the man who should re present the district, fehould be oiie interested in the industry. He trusted another twelve months would find every vinegrower in the district a member of.the. society! and that tho next dinner would have to be held imtlie Town Hal 1. lie proposed the health of the associa ■ ■ M(vfi’hos. Looney' respninjuri, and said he .was -only; a :ypi|jig: giy> weand1 would .wisli to*, see someone more abie than himself take the sub ject up. Mr. G. TL, Morris ga.id lie Jiad, inueli pleasure in seeon<fing.lifr.‘ G.'raiiam’fi'sj)eGch. He would say one thing particularly : That unless there could be an export market found wines would come dowhdo-imo Shi LI ing-.a gallon. : He said, as a proof of the wines of this district, he could say that last year they sent wines home only leu mmiths.oUl and received a cheque back for it 100 per cent, more than they could get For it in this market. Mr. Young proposed, and Mr; Burrows res ponded to-the, toast of’ “Tho./Agricultural Interests.*’ •• '■ , Mr. George Graham, broke tho monotony by singing “ Tho.. Warriors Bold,” which was loudly applauded. • The toast of “ The Local lhxlics” was pro posetl-.by■ •Mr.-Pearee ami,, responded to by Mr. Reeve, tbc town clerk; and Mr. Yomigi: secre tary of the Shire Council “ The Wiitc Industry” whs- proposed by Mr, Reeve, add responded toby Mr D. Burrows. .*;; Tiie^Odicerif' wiis pVoposed, iq appropriate tcrm#d5y Mf.*G.: :Smit»,;nnd the; toasts? of “The Ladies,” “The Trees,” which wal re sponded to,.by M{\\. George G rnliam for .the Sun, Mr.^Simnions foit- tUe/i'V/r ‘PrAy.v, Mr:.Ritchie for tho 'JHcf/mj/h, and other leasts followed, which were duly honored, after which the National* Anthem, -closed.: a very,, successful dinner. 4 • ■'c Owing to tjic ghost, space of time allowed, we arc reluct aptly.:., cbnipellfs^to abreviate to a great extent our^report of the dimier. Previous dp tJi.c tUiinpr,nimootmg?\y{i<b held, for the pur ■p/)S6;i{)f* bloetlng.bfiicer.-f,nit whidli. Mi*’ Garni 1 lc Itcau was unanimously elected President/Mr. Charles /MoJTrv: secretary,*.' andMessrs T. Looney, Hugh Fraser and Charles Smith Vice presidents. . .. The next 'infecting of the Association will bo bold in the Town Half this second Saturday in May.. 