INTERCOLONIAL [FROM OUR OWN 00RRÜBP0NDKST8.1 NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, July 19. Sir Saul Samuel, Agent-General for New South Wales, sent a cablegram to the Colonial Treasurer on Saturday, stating that he had written a letter to the Times, describing the condition of the colony with regard to its present capacity for borrowing and repaying loans for reproductive works. He (the Agent General) gave details of the revenue and expenditure of the colony, with a full representa- tion of the profits derived from railways, and concluded with an observation that operations with regard to the recent proposal to borrow £9,500,000 would be suspended until a more, opportune time, The four field guns comprising the port battery, presented to the colony by the Imperial Government, were taken to the Victoria. Barracks on Saturday for special di illa by the Permanent Artillery. i In consequence of the serious aspect of affairs in' Afghanistan, the military authorities are making further efforts towards the efficient defence of the colony. Various branches of the Volunteer service were drilled on Saturday. A large number of Artillery, under Colonel Roberts, proceeded to Middle Head fortifications for the special purpose of acquir- ing a knowledge of the working of the Nor denials guns which recently arrived there. VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, July 18. Circumstances attending William Strettle's death point to his having committed suicide shortly after leaving a social gathering at his brother's house. He was of independent means, and there is no reason assigned for the act. The Government have resolved to experiment with the pyrethrum or chrysanthemum, a wellknown insecticidal plant, which it is alleged will kill phylloxera vastatrix. MELBOURNE, July 19. An inquest was held on Saturday at Bor- wick into the circumstances attending the shooting of Mr. Steele on Wednesday morning. A verdict of accidental death was returned. In all probability when the deceased entered the room in the dark he slipped and fell against the revolver which hung against the wall, and knocked it down with his hand, and that in attempting to hang it up in the dark he pressed the trigger against the wall, causing it to explode and discharge the bullet down into the top of his head. A deputation from the Friendly Societies waited on Mr. Berry to request an amendment of the Friendly Societies Act. The principal points were, however, to erect almshouses, to devote sums from the general fund to the relief fund, and to settle disputes in their own courts by arbitration. Mr. Berry promised to introduce a Government bill. Frank Howarth, who was to have been tried this week at Geelong for perjury, has applied to have his case postponed, pending a settlement of his action against Superintendent Toohey in the Supreme Court, the perjury prosecution being alleged to have been instituted with a view to prejudice his action. Judge Williams granted the application, although it was opposed by the Crown Solicitor. Mr. Service on Saturday despatched a telegram to Mr. Stuart with reference to the Enabling Bill. He pointed out that New South Wales had raised some points which there was absolutely no time to discuss without the risk of losing the bill. If the colonies had known the mind of New South Wales they might have agreed to some of the important amendments, but in the meantime with the concurrence of the other colonies he proposed to withdraw opposition to the 31st clause as originally introduced, as during the first session the Federal Council would probably be occupied in passing measures in which all the colonies were agreed. Mr. Service urged Mr. Stuart to let the colonies make a fair start without being too critical. Favourable replies to the suggested compromise had been received from South Australia and Tasmania. A dreadful accident happened at Hawthorn on Saturday. A young man named Baker, aged 21 years, was standing in his father's timber-yard, close to the belt of an engine, when he was caught by the belt and whirled round and round the shaft, and his legs were smashed against the roof. When the engine was stopped it was found that one arm had been wrenched out of its socket and both legs and feet smashed. The young fellow died shortly afterwards. The V.R.C. Grand National Meeting was held at Flemington on Saturday, and was well attended. The following are the results of the races : Maiden Hurdle Race. Hippogriff, 1; Sea Breeze, 2 ; Duration, 3. Fourteen horses started. Won by a length and three-quarters. Time, 4min 8sec. Maiden Steeplechase,-Reticent, 1 ; Lady Ashton, 2 ; Kellkyn, 3. Seven started. Won by ten lengths. Time, 5min. 23sec. Grand National Hurdle Race The Agent, 1 ; Guardfish, 2 ; Cockboat, 3. Ten started. Won by three lengths, the winner being ridden throughout in fine style. Time, Grain. Grand National Steeplechase (about three miles). Wymlet, 10st. 4lb. (Corrigan) lj Sailor, 9st. 10lb. (M'Leod) 2 ; Denmark, 12st. 8lb. (Kilduff) 3. Fourteen started. A large number of the horses fell. Won by five lengths. Time, 7min. 10sec. Selling Hurdle Race. Student, 1 ; Flam borough, 2 ; Doncaster, 3. Six started. Won by three lengths. Time, 1min. 17sec. Flat Race The Ghost, 1 ; Plausible, 2 ; Bohemian, 3. Sixteen started. This was a good race, and was won by three-quarters of a length. Time, 1min. 48sec. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, July 18. The election of a member of the Assembly to fill the vacancy in the Sturt electorate, caused by the resignation of Mr. T. King, took place yesterday, and resulted in the return of Mr. Glyde, who has free-trade tendencies, defeating Mr. Grainger, a red-hot protectionist. ADELAIDE, July 19. The leading railway officials, including the Engineer-in-Chief, waited upon the Commissioner for Works on Saturday, to request information as to how their positions would be affected by the appointment of the Railway Board. The proceedings were held in private. On Saturday morning Brigadier-General Owen had a long interview with the Premier regarding measures for the defence of the colony. It was decided to ask the Victorian Government to grant the services of Major Rhodes in connection with torpedo operations to be consulted by the authorities and the heads of the Defence Department, as to arrangements for torpedo defence at Port Adelaide. Major Owen strongly favours a local torpedo corps. The Government have sent instructions to England for the prompt despatch of guns for the Glenelg fort. NEW ZEALAND. AUCKLAND, July 18. The House of Representatives has rejected by a large majority the bill authorising Bible reading in schools. Accounts from Fiji give very encouraging reports of the tea industry, the tea being described as of excellent quality. The sugar industry in Fiji at present is depressed owing to the low prices ruling. Two men have been arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the assault on Mr. Pryke, the porter in charge at Redbank. The men were brought up at Goodna on Friday and remanded to Brisbane, They were brought up before the P.M. on Saturday and again remanded. Ocm Banana correspondent, under date 7th July, says Matters are very dull in this little town, so much so, that one of our local races has had to shut up his hostelry, and Mr. F. Johnston now reigns supreme. The Divisional Board with their usual energy are carrying out public works of a substantial character. They have secured a good supply of water near Denting Plain, or the Eighteen-mile ; they are also sinking a well at the Fig-tree, about twelve miles from here, at the site of the old Government dam. Our police magistrate has again honoured us with a visit ; if his sojourn is short, he comes to see us pretty often. The country around Banana is suffering like all other towns in Queensland just now from the intense severity of the winter, frosty nights predominating. Both grass and water are plentiful, although the former is very dry and innutritious. Rain is wanted. i 