Personal. Mr. Booth, the temperance advocate, is to wrestle with Queenslandrum, oonuienoing at Brisbane'. ? The cable stetes that the Emperor Wil- liam is better. We don't think he's better than he ongbtto be. Emmett, (he actor, who was such a hage success ta Australia, is in a lunatic asylum again, through drink. Damian, a London millionaire, offers to bet £2000 that ghosts are not mere shadows, but manifest themselves in the flesh, ahake bands, and can have their photos taken. . Oscar Wilde has scored a point. He proves the nnaoiiability of our manner of dress, by showing the rapid ehanm ol fashion. The Egyp tion style of dress lasted20^, ahdthe Greek nearly 1000 years. The Kev. Dr. Steel has been lecturing in Sydney, in proof of the. contention that the Bible and Science are twin brothers. This con- clusively proves that Galileo had been trying to light his own fire with kerosene. Osman Digna is a full-blooded French- man, and his original name was Alphone Vinet. He was cold as a slave to the Mahdi, bot quickly rose in the prophet's favour, and became his son in-law. He is about 53 years of age. More jam for Australia. Dr. Taylor, the scientist, says he never saw anything like the mountains cf Australia. He says Mount Lofty, in Sooth Australia, is perhaps thc grand-daddy of all the crags of this world. This is lofty humbug. FarguB (Hugh Conway) author of of " Called Back," Ac, one of the most successful novelista of modem time, died of typhoid. He had taken his first trip on bis first money, after years of private toil and trouble, and succumbed as de- scribed. Henry Stall, 105 years of age, who was for 90 years a member of the Marathon (Ohio) Methodist Church, died April 12. He waa a tem- perance man, bnt a forions amoker. There ia a moral to this fact Don't smoke. Stall might hare lived for 200. Colonel Hamill Stewart was slain in the Soudan (we were going to say murdered)-bot it's all »matter of war, aa the Soudanese are merely defending their homes.) However, Stewart lost bia life, and the British Government have now gene- rously pensioned his mother with £200«yearfor life, and bia two sisters with £100 each. The vote of the Irish priesthood for a successor to Cardinal M'Cabe resulted in Dr. Walsh, President of Maynooth, scoring 46; Dr. Donnelly, the late Cardinal'! assistant, 12; Dr. Tynan 3, Dr. Woodlock 2. There appears to be no mention of Archbishop Moran, though only that prelate and Dr. Donnelly have been summoned to Borne. \- Earl Cairns n dead, aged 66-or as Lady Cairne announced in her own handwriting, placed ootaidetho radenoe-"Iiord Cairns entered into rest at 6.45 a.m., Maroh 31." TIM deceased Earl waa a member of the Disraeli Govenuacnt, and received a pension ot £5000 a year aa retired Lord Chancellor., The Bart ia sneeeeded by Lord Gar moyle, who recently paid Miss Fortescue £10,000 fcff- fcreaeAofpioniae.:: The Tichborne Claimant paid bis second visitto the Ntnhced Snooting Gwanda on April 11, for the parpóse of deciding » retan ateten, for £86 a aide, with yoong Nimrod, the JavevJU ehaapim shot of the world. Tb« conditio* et the rnatcfei were fifteen ptewoM each, "aátfc itamfi-t at iweàlyÂr ye^ The CWcatat led off with a adas, whereaa Ktmtod graaeoTlrk first, aal ec the fifth mud bed killef »fl. We opponent ^^iTffisVtwt?4»'S 'rmiîiîi VaiéeMa^ tStgWea^áVjae^aM g|Ag^áw^a^«w -g-A **? . »..awSBM XW^BBHWÄ ^Ftaw ?Ha^avBMaT fJHCffawl'VejT W WawMc ayeBeifcCkinisgNiJwloffaé #Jri« o* et Mía», 'h ,V'\:.-;;;-.;^RÜ:K 