C0UNTRYHEW8 Rookwood. VALEDICTORY AND WELCOME. nov OUB OWN CORRESPONDENTS. A m and publio meeting, was held in St; Stephen's schoolroom, Bookwood, on Wednesday evening last, for the purpose of bidding farewell to the Rev. W. A. Phillips, who had been pastor tit the Bookwood^ Auburn, Granville and Guildford churehes for some six years paBt, and also to welcome Ms successor, the Rev. E. A. Colvin, who was appointed to the Rookwood and Auburn charge on its separation from Granville and Gnildfbrd. There was a very large attendance at the tea, for which every provision had been made by the ladies connected with the church. There were ten tables in all, contributed by Mrs. Morton and Miss Holdswotth, Mrs. Kimberley, Mrs. Ritchie, Mrs. Larcombe, Mrs. Taylor, Mrs. Peak, Mrs. Burt, Mrs. Matthews* Mrs. Cnrr, and Mrs. RowselL The room was quite aglow with the many brilliant .and bright devices of ornamentation, and on either side of a pretty cluster of flowers andgreenery were the words "Farewell" and " Welcome," tastefully and artistically lettered by the daughter of the great temperance apo tie. The tea was thoroughly enjoyed, n-nl the unusual demand somewhat delayed ttte prj .eedings. However, towards 7.80 all had b no satisfied, and the room was -quickly cleare 1 Tor the public meeting, which was piesided n-r by Mr. P. R. Holds worth. The rroc vinics were opened with prayer by Ihe Rev. W. Phillips, and after a.sacred selection bad been rendered by the church chofr, apologies .were, read from the Kevs.. tJanon Gunther, J. Hargraves, G. Middleton, F; B. Boyce, Thos. Tress and Mr. •J.Cook. -..-'. . ' ' Tbe ichainman, after .remarking" thatthpy might; have .obtained soma one to preside that evening: who hsid been more Identified with church worithan himself, expressed regret at the large number of apologies which Had been received. However, while they would have been happy to see the reverend gentlemen with them that evening, their absence ehould teach them the wholesome lesson of relf-relianoe. He was pleased to preside not only to welcome the new pastor and express his appreciation of the departing one's worth, but as one who was standing between the dead past and the living future of Rookwood. Canon Gunther, in his letter of apology, had spoken of the difficulties, pecuniary and otherwise, which had been experienced in tbe formation of the parish. He (the chairman) could remember about tbe year 1833 or 1834 seeing over a thousand aboriginals holding a corroboree there. Referring to the progress made ty other denominations, who bad also found it necessary to obtain resident ministers, he thought it flhowed that they had advanced not only commercially and in wealth, but morally and spiritually. He trusted that advancement would mark their steps in the future, and that they would continue to prosper in spiritual as well as temporal matters. The choir then sang tho anthem "O Lord j „ an<1 Mr - B'tchie recited "Thequack ,r? r ,, and " A »oman of mind Mr. Rowsell following with a lengthy narration on the viscissitudes of one O'DiU. Mr. Peek then sang very sweetly "Come and rejoice with me, and the chairman called upon the Rev. Mr. Phillips to welcome 1 gaubicuiuu uia hi a row ftappy sentences, in which he referred to the unanimity and thoroughness with which the residents had assisted in church work. He was sure the people of Rookwood and Auburn would welcome their new pastor heartily and sincerely, and would bring to his aid in his new sphere of action that co-operation and sympathy which contributed so greatly* to wards ihe success of a minister's efforts. Theapnoint- •ment _of a pastor to the parish hiid < sttppfifld 1 a Jong-felt want. He wished the Rev. Mr. Col. vin prosperity in the future, and felt much tefbi.oidfS. himto^e parishon The Rev. E. A. Oolvin expressed sincere gratification and thanks for the hearty welcome which he had received. He did so heartily and-sinoerely because he felt that it was not only a formal welcome "but an earnest manifestation on the part ef the parishionors of Bookwood and Auburn. But the welcome was not one of a personal character, but a true rejoicing in the possession of a resident minister of the Lord Jesus Christ. ®hat was wfcy he wis grateful and thankful for the hearty welcome which had been -accorded him as the ambassador of Christ. The meeting was also a very solemn one, as -in one sense toey .were receiving Gpd the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost. And then the valedictory was not of an ordinary nature. In bidding farewell to the Rev. Mr. fchillipB, they we?e not going to permit him to W o without tangible mark of their appreciation of his "services, and it was. encoursging to himJ as- their new pastor , to see that they, acknowledged the efforts put tforth by their 1 spiritual head. He trusted that in his minis- Irations he would be as .suceassful and meet t h ® same unanimous and gratifvine avprobation which his friend had recisived A .faithful minister of Chritt wlis nlways suciessful. If he simply attempted to walk in the •footsteps of biB Master and sought to preach the Gospel of Christ in a itrue-hearted aad earnest manner, he would get friends everywhere. In a warm appeal, he besought'the support of the young men and referred to the success of his ministry in Jamberoo. The pospel of Christ brought about the truest snendship. He hoped their-work would beattended with good results, and in concldsion again thanked them for bis'welcome. • '.The choir sang " Inolineithine ear." .,rhe Rev. Mr. Colvinithen took the chair as pastor of the parish. Mr. Holdsworth, in mabtag the valedirtoiy address, stated that they were not saying -farewell to the Rev. Mr. Phillips in the ordinary meaning of the word, but meant rather tosay " May ye fare well." The parish waB different to what it was some years ago. The seed had besn-sown and they wanted somebody to .gather the harvest in. The'Rev. Mr. Phillips was going to the Granville charge, and the people of the parish would not allow him to leave withont some testimony of appreciation for his sincere and arduous labours amongst tbem. The presentation was hot made on account of any intrinsic value but at a memento of his work amongst them. He would call upon the churchwardens to present the salver and service, which bore the inscription; " Presented to the Rev. W. A.. Phillips, of St. Mark's, Granville, iby the parishioners of Rookwood and Auburn, as a token of their appreciation of hiB earnest labours- for six years in' tho 4wo parishes." The presentation was accordingly made, and < tha Rev. Mr. Phillips acknowledged the act with Bincere tibankfulness, not on account of : the presentation but for the love shown by the parishioners, than whom a mora warmer, sympathetic and earnest people it wotild be difficult to find the whole world over. . He BBked the yieoag- men to rally Ground the hew pastor, and the seed sown would produce a good harvest. In giving a retrospective glance at the progress made in tho parish in spiritual matters, he stated-that when he first came amongst them there was only one other denomination at work. Now there wore five others and on Sunday eight different services other than the Church of England were conducted. By the natural growth of things the two parishes were divided. Six years ago tho church property of the two parishes was only worth a little -over £500, and now it was worth over £5000, and in- each parish there wore good schools. He-thanked them for the amicable way in which they had assisted him and for the love, kindness, and sympathy , tbown in the days gone bf. He- wiahed them eveiy prospenty in the future. -Mr PldUta explained later *ra that the progress Was not bcnaffiST'to property,-bat was noticeable in the fettehOanbe > at thH servioea • and fa •, the moral-aspeet til parish generally. - ••• - •. -i.-. . Tbe choir then euig <m aothem and a t»Ueo* 1 tioowainad*. \- -,TheBev..J.<D. Lsngley referred-to the many excellencies of the Hev. Mr. Phillips and to the worthiness of his co-adjutors in church work, Messrs. Kimberley, Peak, and Holds worth. He rejoiced that Mr. Phil Hps had a somewhat circumscribed parish, ror years past he had been working under disadvantages, and the concentation of his efforts in Granville was of the utmost-importance to that locality* and would afford that satisfaction to himself which he could hardly have felt before. He also fervently eulogised the Rev. Mr. Colvin, whom he had known from boyhood, and he did not believe there was a more single- hearted minister in the diocese of Sydney. But a minister could not do the work by himself. He wanted the help, sympathy, and hearty earn«Bt sirvioes of every man and woman in foe parish. He . was sure Mr. Colvin would advance the spiritual concerns of the parish and make friendB everywhere. Votes of thanks were then accorded the ladies and gentlemen who had assisted in the proceedings and to the chairman, the meeting closing with the doxology and the benediction. 