CHESTER CATHEDRAL. ('Argosy.') Theglory of Chesteris her cathedral. Though small in comparison with many, it 13 very in- fceresting and full of beauty. . The present dio cese was founded by Henry VIII., and the Benedictine Abbey of St. "SVerburgh was chosen as a successor to that of St. Johns. Since then it has undergone many changes, and now shows a mixed style of architecture ; the Norman, early English, Decorated, and Perpendicular. Its least pleasing Feature is the difference in size between the north and south transepts. The latter, until recently, was partitioned off from the rest of the building as a parish church to St. Oswald's, and here a separate ten-ice was held. . The partition has been removed, and the tran sept has been thrown into the cathedral, but it has still to be restored. In size it is out of all proportion with the, re.st of the building, and is as. large as. the north transept is small. . They differ widely in architecture, the iiorth transept being pertly Nbrmau; being partly early Eng lish; the south Late Decorated. But the cathe dral has been wonderfully well restored by the late Sir Gilbert Scott. The choir i3 beautiful, the carved woodwork of the s'alls and the screen almost matchless.. The light tracery in no way conceals or obscures the outer nave and aisles. The organ is placed outside the choir in the north. transept, but the small organ is above the choir screen, It is one of the largest cathedral organs in the kingdom, one of the handsomest, and certainly one of the mo3t beautiful in tone. It is 'Supported by sixteen columns of Italian marble, pillars worthy of their destination. Through a door in the north transept you pass to the Chapter House and Library on the right, the. cloisters on the left. Tho greater portion of the cloistera has now been restored, and they are in' that picturesque decay which the hand of "time lays upon all ancient buildings. They are almost blade, crumbling in parts well nigh to ruin; "peopled with the ghosts of dead and gone . Ifenedictines. These cloisters cany you hack in spirit and imagination to the days of the Roman ' Catholics and St. Werburgh more than any .' other- part of the cathedral. It is delightful to .wander about them, and pass into the old refectory on the one side, now used as a practis ing room for the choristers, or enter the dark and gloomy but interesting crypt on the other. There is nothing more picturesque about the cathedral than these decaying cloisters — which yet probably will not be allowed to crumble away to destruction. But once restored they will lose, of necessity, their greatest' charm. The central and only tower of the cathedral cori- . tains a peal of eight bells, one of which rings the curfew every night at a quarter to nine. Not that the inhabitants then retire to rest, for the ' streets at, night are filled with loiterers and idlers ; young men and boys lounging about tlib rowB 'and corners, and looking as if they were possessed by the very spirit of mischief. The \- oldest bell bears the date 1G04, and the inscrip- ; tion : f.M; sweetly tolling, men do call, . To taste tho meat that feeds the soul, Qn Sunday morning there was service in tho " chdiry,and at night in the nave. Our beautiful English service is doubly impressive when cori- r ducted In such a building, whore one seoms, in- , deed, surrounded by the "beauty of holiness." ;The grand organ pealed out, and rolled and ' swelled through the arches, and the choir took \- tip the strain in voices perfectly trained and attuned; There arc few better church choirs than that of Chester, and one chorister especi- "ally, in a solo, sent his pure, high voice ringing through the aisles with all the beauty of a magic flute. . The accompanying organ fell to ; the, softest strains until its pulsations beat in . .unison with' the waves of tho boy's voice. Wave ; on .wave went echoing down the long nave, and throughout all tho congregation no hand stirred, no eye wandered ; a " solemn silence" was over all. Then, the prayers over, the Bishop left ' 'his throne and mounted the pulpit stair, and in an earnest sermon spoke to his hearers of some : !of the mysteries of the unseen world. For a moment I went through the north doorway into the cloistera. They were silent and deserted, partially lighted by the moon, were liaunted byasenaoof mystery — the mystery of tho dead past The shadow of death seemed to enshroud : them like a visible atmosphere. Hero the old abbots in days gone by had been buried, and who could say that their spirits even now were not haunting these ghostly, decaying precincts 1 yNo spot more fitting in all Chester, scarcely in ' all England. Where tho moon threw no light the cloisters wero shadowed in a double black- ness : the blackness of darkness and the black- age. Across there on tho north sido was theoldrefectory, with clinging ivy about the crum- \- tiling pillars. On tho east was the crypt, shut in i-and looked up to- niglit; cold gloomy, earthy, liaunted with, the memory of ages and ages' .'One shuddered in passing the very doorway, and voluntarily turnod to see whether ghostly hands w'ero' opening and silently beckoning to us. . Whether by day or night, tho cloisters, though sinall, are wonderfully picturesque ; they have a melancholy but an abiding charm. 