THE SUNKEN TREASURE. She was far too clear sighted .to place much faith in the reports so industri. ously circulated by the Mendals respecting Mary Rourke, well knowidg how slight grounds would serve those scandal-loving ladies to build their superstructure on. The lady was seated in the library at Charlton when Frederick was announced. She received him courteously but coldly-a packet of his own letters to the heiress were placed on the table beside her. The lover recognised them at a glance, and mentally prepared himself for the conflict which he saw was about to ensue. Oie thing gave him courage---le knew that he should have the good wishles of John Purday ori his side. ' Belseated !' said the artful woman point ing to a Echair, which her visitor silently accepted; 'Isee by the glance you gave at this-what shrill I term it? childish corres pondence-that you guess why I requested the favour of this interview !' ' It is not the first time, madam,' answered the young man: respectfully, 'that I have had occasion to admire the tact and penetration of Mrs. Pophly !' This was not exactly the kind of reply the lady wished or expected-she would much rather have seen him embarassed and con fused. 'You must feel perfectly assured,' she continued, 'that the guardians of Miss Sidney will perform their duty, and if I have undertaken the task, it is that the pain which I have no doubt the disappointment of your ambitious designs will occasion you will be less galling, less humiliating to your pride ftrom the lips of her aunt than those: of my husband or Mr. Purday !' 'Is Mr. Purday aware of your attention ?' demanded our hero, in a tone of surprise., 'Not yet !' A slight smile curled the lips of 'the lover. He felt that hisconfidence in the old man's goodness of hear~bad not deceived him. ' Neither Caroltne nor myself,' continued the speaker, 'considered it necessary ! Her mind is fully made up, as well as mny own ! She requests-that you will take back the letters she so weakly ieceived, and return those she was equally weak enough to write i' 'And Miss Sidney requests this?' ' Did I not say so ?' observed the rector's wife in a tone ef calm surprise; ' you cannot suppose that I should use hei name in such an affair without her full sanction-although the nearness of our relationship-to say nothing of my rights as guardian-might justify such a proceeding ! Perhaps, sir,' she added with a sarcastic smile, ' when you have recovered your self-possession you will favour me with a reply ?' 'It is readily given, madam !' exclaimed our hero ! .'and if I hesitated, it was from the desire to word it in terms as little offensive to Miss Sidney's aunt as would convey my conviction that the statement she has made is a falsehood ! Yes,' he added 'a falsehood ! Caroline is too true, too pure, and let me add, too deeply attached to me, to be guilty of such heartlessncss-even under the inspira tion of her nearest female relative and guardian! What mnotive can she have for such a change ?' 'The world might suggest many i' replied Mrs. Pophly, who began to suspect that she should not find the lover so tractable as shie anticipated. 'Caroline is not to be guided by the world !' was the reply; 'if she really desires the letters, they shall be returned to her-to' her own hand !- But through :no other medium !' SImpossible i' '.I: thought so !' ejaculated Frederick; yoti. have discovered our mutual attachment \--obtained possession of my.letters-surrep titioiisly, perhaps-and have descended to thesd univorthy means to mar our happiness! SThe scheme will, fail, though 'wbrthy-the tact and experiLence of its clever author-!' 'This is insolence, sir '!! exclaimied the lady, rising from her.chair-for: the cool, deter mined manner, and, still more, the words of the:'speake·,had deeply stung her; ' I would have spaired your pride the humiliation of a lesson I find it' well deserves! My niece has recoveredher senses, to see, thank heaven, before it w.as too late, the degradation of al lyinig herself with one of doubtfulbirth, with out name oi fortune ! It was a bold game the richest heiress of the county-and art fully played! I can perfectly understand the bitterness of your disappointment ! Miss Sidney, I repeat, refuses to see you demands the restoration of her correspon dence l If you set any pectuniary value on the letters,' she added, 'name your price !' 'Price I' repeated the lover, astounded itt the firmness of-her, tone and the steadiness with whichshe repeated her assertion; 'if this be true, the withered leaves scattered by autumn's breath are not.more worthless!' 'You would be convinced ?'' said the evil minded woman. 'Ir must be !' 'Although my neicevery properly declines to see you,' she continued, 'there is no reason why she should not reply to you I You will find paper and pens upon the table, sir l I presume you are sufficiently acquainted with her handeriting,' she added, 'not to be deceived-unless you think me capable of forgery as well as false-' hood !' The unhappy lover, whose heart and brain were both on fire, seated himself at the table and wrote a few passionate words to Caro line, imploring to see her but. for an instant. Only from her lips could he believe that the change which her aunt announced to him was true, or that she really wished to receive back her letters. As soon as he had concluded aud sealed it, Mrs. Pophly rang the bell. 'Take that letter to Mils' Sidney,' she said to the. servant who answered it, 'and wait fora reply i' The man left the room, and the speaker, not choosing to continue a conversation in which she had been compelled to listen to certain exceedingly unpleasant truths, took a volume from one of the book- cases and affected' to fead. We say affected-for in reality she was watching her victim all the while. Perfectly unconscious of her pre~senice, Frederick began to ,pace the-. apartment. The quick pulsations df -his heart marked each moment of time till :the servant should rnturn i-itll' the answer to his note. To him they:were moments of agony. " 'WVas it ipssible,' he asked himself, ' thlat Carbline "could so have misjudged him could-suspect'him of one niercenary feeling or thu6dght towards her ?' .The supposition was agony, and when he gazed on the calm, the dreadfully calm features of her aunt, hlie dreaded to reply. A" quarter ot an h'our elapsed before the answer was brought to him, With trembling eagerness he broke the seal-it was as follows : 'I can understand your regrets-but they ire useless. My' aunt has informed you trqly. I have listened to the voice of, reason, and, have determined to obey its dictates. The disclosure of our correspondence was peiffectly voluntary on my part, and if I decline seeing you, it is to spare you -the humiliation of useless entreaties or still more useless explanations. All I request is the return of my letters.' This cold and apparently unfeeling reply was signed " Caroline." It dropped from his hands as he read the concluding words. Mrs. Pophly still pretended to reaId. 'Heartless !' he murmured; ' heartless !' He raised the letter-not to peruse it'again -for. every word was stamped upon his memory-but to assu~e himself that it was really in the handwriting of the girl upon whose faith he would have staked his life more, his halppiness. There was :no de ception. True, the letters were uneven, as though her hand had trembled whilst she penned it-but every character was hers. A mist seemed to have risen before his eyes. With sudden resolution he crushed it convulsively in his .grasp, and cast it from him... The rector's wife marked the action, the agony and despair in his eloquent features, and secretly smiled. His insolence, as she teimed it, was suifficientlypiiiiished. '.Well, sir,' she exclaimed, in a sarcastic tone, 'I trust you are satisfied I' -'I am satisfied!' he replied; 'my error was a pardonable one. I had not yet lost all confidence in human faith-learned the bitter truth that words are but an empty sound-vows breathed on love's pure altar things to be sported with ! I shall not err again. There was more of sadness than bitterness in the tone in which the words were uttered -they were wrung from the deep agony of his soul-from confidence and love-betrayed by prudent calculation; as he believed, and. selfishness. Had he known.the agony of the writer as she penned'those cruel lines-the tears they, cost her- how quickly would he liave been undeceived. - '.Vell, sir' said the. lady, 'am I to receive back the letters,- or 'will you state the con. ditions on which -' - 'Spare me, madam,' interrupted Frederick, with an. effort to control himself, 'the humiliation of listening to words which dis honour the speaker more than him to whom they are addressed. Give them back l' he added, proudly; .' I would not retain a line, though each letter which it contained were worth a million-millions, had she been true, would not have purchased them of me! They shall be returned to Miss Sidney, according to hier wish !' 'So far at least you will acthonourably !' observed Mrs. Pophly. , 'In the :morting,' continued the youth, ' Caroline-Miss Sidney, I mean,' headded, correcting himself-for hie felt he had no longer the, right of using that once familiar name---shall receive them !' The auntt bowed to conceal the smile of satisfaction which, even with her, self.cbm mand, she found it impossible-to repress. 'It seems,' continued the speaker' that--I -I-ihave to some extent mi judged you, madam !I That your lessons have influenced your: iece:I cannot d'ubt; but it: is clear-i very clear--you have ndt enforced them I' He glanced at'tlihe' crumpled letter still lying on the floor. ": '- .. ' I have:simply performed my duty to my dead brother's heiress, sir ! repliedr the manceuvrer, layirig:a marked emphasis on the word " heiress." Our hero coloured to the temples. ' I'understand you !' he replied ;.' but after the: fangs. of the serpent we scarcely feel the sting of the wasp the greater pain renders us insensible to the lesser one ! As far as my accusaliton' was tunjust, I retarct and apolo gise i' .The lady inclined her head slightly, as though it were a matter of profound in difference tio her vlat opiriion he thobught proper to formin of h'ir, and 'ratig the bell twice for the fdotmtan. to open the door for her visitor. ' . - Pride restrained the insulted, outraged youth till he. had quitted the house, and found himself' in the wood lying between Charlton and Breok-the spot where he had met Caroline and her cousin a hundred times, and exchanged with her vows of love which.he had fondly deemed eternal. Then his firmness gave way, and tears-the bitter, birning tears of outraged confidence and affliction-broke from him. ' The blow must have reached the heart ere it causes man to weep. 'God !' he murmured, 'is this theerid of my dream of happiness ? Are'life's promises come to this? Cast off with as much in difference as though the words that bind the soul had never passed between us I Siuspected of that I most abhor-calculation-mer cenary calculation ! I shall go mad ! Ohi Claridge,' he added, 'there was a bitter wisdom in your words-the wisdom of ex perience-when you said there was a worm at the root of every flower-an adder coiled. under its leaves. Like the stricken deer which flies its fellows, Frederick felt impatient to be alone -far from the risk of encountering any huinan being-and plunged yet de'eper into the woods to avoid them-to meditate on the future-that future which once appeared so joyous. The. conversation which he had held sb lately with Mr. Claridge, and the promise the latter had made him, returned constantly to his mind. ' When you require a' refuge from yourself .---from the despair which corrodes, the feelings which prey upon and' consume the' heart-seek me out, and I will provide you orie,' be repeated to himself. '-It has arrived -and I will seek him ! Action, change of scene-can alone preserve me'from madness, or worse-apathy-tihe grave 6f the soul ! But first,' he added, ' I will return her letters -write to her to. bid her farewell-at once ! Bnt nio repiroaches--memory will one day aivenge me! .... "The correspondence of Caroline was con tained in his. priviate desk in the counting 'house. It had been liis happiness :when alone to peruse and re peruse them, as the fiiiii'gloatS over'hii treasuires.' A-i lie had resolved to start that :vye-y night for Dover, it :was necessary to procure the:key fronmi Mr. Pudaiy. T'The old man: plac?d?in hbounded confidence in him, and he 'kn.,; he could obtain- it without .'a - moment's hesitation: Unfortunately, when he reached his house he was from home; but his servant gave it to him, simply observing that it was rather late, but that her master, she supposed, had forgotten- something. Frederick niuttered some indistinct reply, which the woman mistook for an affirmative, and directed his steps towards the mill, carefully avoiding the house in his way. As he entered the great yard by the work men's gate, two persons carefully muffled in great coats passed him; but although he scarcely noticed them, they turned round to watch his proceedings with a degree of curiosity difficult to account for-since there was nothing either remarkable or suspicious about them. They were Augustus Pophly and Patrick Rourke. t':HAPTER XVIII.S It is th custom in mobst; paper-mills for the workme to.be employed day and night, Saturday bei the onlyexception. Then the firesare extinguished at. an early hour, and the men dismissed tiiu the following Monday; of course, it is perfectly under stood that they vorlr. in relays. It was on the last night of the week when the hero of our tale sought the counting house, in order to posses himself of Caroline Sidney's letters and write his last farewell. Had the circumstance struck him, in all probability he would have ascertained who were the persons he had passed on his way, at a time when the watchman-a humble but faithful friend of Mr. Purday--was sup posed to be the only person on the premises. The name of this man was James Brice; He was punctual to his duties as clock work, and as incorruptible as his employer himself, who reposed unbounded confidence in his honesty and vigilance. The respectable portion of the workmen esteemed him highly; but to the dishonest he was a terror. No plundering could be carried on whilst he was on his post- no smuggling of rags or brass fittings; he had an eye for everything. Augustus and his companion, who certainly had not sought the mill for any good purpose, concealed themselves in the sol-a long, low room, where the paper, when manufactured, passed through the hands of the sorters-in order to watch the pro proceediugs of Frederick. They could not have chosen a more favourable spot - sinice it was situated directly opposite the windows of the counting- house. 'Humph !',ejaculated Rourke; ' I think we are forestalled in our visit ! Your friend is beforehand with us !' 'Friend l' repepted the hypocrite; ' I de test him !' 'And why, may I ask ?' The reasons of the young man were such as he did not think it pruident to explain for although he had succeeded, by the pro mise of0enabling the father of his victirmto pass the rest of his day's.in sottish ease, at times there broke forth a spark of vindictive feeling, which proved to h'im that all sense of shanie andnatural affection 'for the out raged child were. not -htirely extinct' in his heart.. - ' Does he know oflthe money being in the safe-?' added' the speaker. 'Of. course ehe does !'.replied Augustus, impatiently.. ..4.Andwheret tle.keys are kept ?' ' Undotibtedly -Mr. Purday has no secrets from him' ! So great is the old fool's infattiation, that it's my opinion he.tould willingly see him ma?ler of the mill instead of a-simple clerk.' . ,' Anid ydour cousin's husband intb the' bar gi',: o.bb'served l'is comsipanion, who had' heari-'somethiing of the attachment between our-hero and the heiress from Mary; ' now I ca? understand why you hate him.' By this time Frederick had succeeded in lighting'tlie lamp, and the two sp:akers could distinctly see hini open his desk, and commence :sdrtig.and reiadihg some papers. ' Whatithinkl you of his horiesty now ?' 'de manded R~urke,'whispering the words in the ear of lis panimon. "Hush ,' sal the youth; ' Brice is in the yard. - : Attracted. ,b 1e- light which streamed through ..the couisting-house\, window, the faithful w?itchlman tl anced to'ascertain the cause, and sttirdily inqiired who was there. The' reply. satisfied him at once, for the young man was no less a favorite with the master than'the servant. -. '- Ishallbe'6ccipied for half an hour or so,' said our hero. 'When I have finished, per haps you will take charge of the key.' 'Wilingly,' said the old man; 'but bless us, Mr. Fredetick, what is the matter with you? You look as pale as:if you had seen the. ghost which fools say haunt the mill. Are you unwell ?' 'No, Brice--no,' answered the unhappy loyer. 'I am' tired, vexed with myself for my carelessness. I have forgotten something which- Return to me in half an hour rshall be better then.' James Brice promised to do as ha'was directed, adding, that it would lakehim that time to make his rounds and see everything secure."" , .: , The' two spies--in ,their intenitioris 'they were perhaps something worse than spies continued t'o watch the proceedings of our hero. They saw himr, read several letters, more than one- f which- he pressed to his lips; and then, as if ashamed of his weak ness, cast it from him. When he had con cluded, he began to write;. butit appeared difficult to satisfy himself. Sheet after sheet of paper was torn up, or consumed in the flame of the lamp. By the time the watchman returned, he had concluded and carefully sealed a small packet which he thrust in the pocket of his coat. 'Have you finished, Master Fred ?' in quired the old man, in a tamiliar tone. 'Had it beeri other than Saturday night, I should have felt uneasy at the counting-house being open so late ! There are bad characters in the mill, though, since Rourke left, the worst is gone i' 'Is he?' muttered the ruffian, in a tone of suppressed anger; ' that remains to be seen! His companibn motioned him to keep §ilence. .... SThe door was 'carefully lockgd, and the Shuitteirs, which had purposely been left open by Atugus!tis, closed by our hero, who gave thle key to Brice, and after shaking hands with himn, cordially wished him 'good night.' A wihispered consultation ensued as to the best means of effecting their object-which was nothing less than to plunder the iron safe -between Augustus and Rourke. This was the ..p!edge which the latter had demanded that he wouldkeep faith with him--a bond of mutual guilt. The visit of Frederick suggested the possi bility in the minds of both the plotters of turning suspicion from themselves and direct ing'it towards him. It is true the father of Mary had no cause of dislike-but the hypocritical seducer hated him bitterly. 'Curse him i' muttered the former; 'he had closed the shutters !' ' Then our object is defeated for this night, at least i' observed his companion, in a tone of suppressed satisfaction-for \he only qualification he lacked to make him an ac complished villain was courage. 'Not so I' said the tempter with a sneer; 'you forget Brice has the key-we must ob. tain it !' ' How ?' The ruffian shrugged his shoulders. ' He would die,' added Augustus, ' rather than resign it. You know his obstinacy and honesty !' 'I know that he is a fool,' replied the man, and that you are little better than a cur What Mary could have seen in you to listen to your lying promises I can't imagine; but you will not deceive me I' he added. 'I know you-know you thoroughly-and am not to be played with I' This was reverting to a subject which Augustus always felt most anxious to avoid -for it seemed to rouse thle worst passions in the breast of the speaker. He therefore dexterously contrived to change the conver sation, by asking him again in what manner he proposed to obtain entrance-adding that the shutters and doors were plated with iron. 'As I said before,' replied the fellow, im patiently, 'by the key !' 'Would you mnrder the old man ?' ' Not unnecessarily ! A smart blow would only stun him, and a duck in. the mill pond recover him afterwards!' 'Monsler ! do you think that I-' ' Fair and softly, master i' interrupted his companion; 'just ask yourself this question : Is it worse to knock a prying old rascal who stands in our way on the head, or rob a poor girl of her innocence-murder her peace of mind ? The law, you tell me, makes a wide distinction-that money will compensate for one crime, whilst justice lays its paws upon you for the other I I am of a different way of thinking-I make my own laws, and am prepared to carry them out !' ,So saying, he begah to handle his bludgeon in a very threatening manner. Augustus understoodthe hint, and expressed himself satisfied that his reasoning was just. 'I thought you would be .convinced at last i' observed the fellow, with a grin. ' Let us conceal ourselves behind the trees by the side of the counting-house 1 Brice'is in the grounds now-we shall have plenty of time to cross the yard before he returns; and here,' he added, 'take this !' He placed the heavy knotted stick in the hands of.the young man, who eyed it with a look of vacant wonder. 'And what am I to do with this?' he said. . . : ' Knock- hiin: on' the head I'.iwas the cool reply. '.Ah, you may sitare,:: but it must be done !I f you attempt to play- me false I shall make :shcrt wtork of. itit "I told you there must ben bond between us, and yet you hesitate to sign it I' Iosourke drew from his pocket a long clasp knife, which he deliberately opened, and tried the sharpness of the blade by drawing it across his thumb-nail,' keepihg his eyes fixed all the while on his dupe, whose blood began to run cold-not with remorse--for that was a stranger to his heart- but terror, and for the first time in his life he bitterly lamented his lapse from the path of honor. 'Put up your knife!' he exclaimed; 'it shall be.as you advise !' 'Time enough when' It is done !' quietly observed Patrick, who secretly despised the chicken- hearted craven whom he was:luring to his ruin ' Here, . drink !': he added, thrusting a pocket flask:filled: with brandy to his lips; 'it will give what you never. had yet-pluck !' Augustus did as he'was directed-obeyed him like: a terrified child.: 'Finish it !' said the ruffian; ' you want it !' It was, drained to :the last drop, and then returned. In'a few minutes the intoxicating draught produced the effect so artfully designed : the blood beganto course inadly ihrough his veins. '. .: . The liorrible -species of fascination unider which th'e wretched seducer suffered rendered him pliant as a reel in the hands of the designing villain, whqse.0bject was to secure a hold upon his fears, and then mould him to his purpose. He: followed him to the clump of trees which he had designated, and awaited the coming of his victim. In about ten rfinutes the watchman made his appearance. Now I' said Rouke, in a whisper; ' now is, your time .!' Augustus hesitated. 'He or. you !' muttered the' tempter, drawing his knife.. . He heaitated ino longer, but, sprinPing from his concealment, struck Brice a blow upon the head. Had the b'idgebn fllen fairly, it must have d'eIrived hii :of his'sanses; but it glanced by the sidedf liis hat, aid its chief force wasr~expended :on the shoulder of his victim,.who turned and grappled with him. "Release your grasp !~shouted Augustus. The old man recognised liis voice, and pronouncede:his name in accents of astonish ment-for he could nhot conceive what he.had done to incur his eimity '.The idea of"the son of the rector-the cousin of his yoiung mistress-riobbing, the .,place never once' entered his imagination : but he still held hIis grasp upon his assailant. 'Not sol' he' said: this must be ex plained I"' They cohtinued to strugle for some time, Rourkelooking on the while with the cold, critical eye of an experienced gladiator. Terror and shame so far overcame, the excitement of the youth, that he must have yielded. In his agony he called to his conm panion for help. 'Help yourself !' replied- the ruffian, at the same time placing his knife within his hand. A second blowv was struck, but thlis time it was destined to prove" fatal to the couirageous, faithful fellow, who, despite his age, had so well perfornm'ed':his dtity.' He fll with a groan upon the ground, and' never spoke again. Thi weapon, of the murderer .had reached.his honest, he it..' - TO i nE CONTINUED. 