ODE correspondent "Inquirer" is again Jo the foEgflp defence of the Lard' and Inince programjpa, and the proremarkable manifesto ore to d on the possession of at zealous champion in this colony. "Inquirer" evi- Leves in the Alliance programme and it is equally clear that he e courage of his opinions. He is not, •ever, felicitous in his selection of reasons to advance for the faith that is in him, nor does he appear exactly to grasp our argument on the subject. For example, as ain illustration of the working of the ;yetem of protection published in a recent issue of this journal, the case of a hypothetical community was given. The community was supposed to have shut out imported manufactures by a prohibitive duty, and to be paying in consequence £2500 per week more for the same supply, the product of a-local" protected " factory. In reply to this, " Inquirer " remarks:— "Even admitting that it did cost them .£2500 per week extra to live, that money going into the general revenue would at once relieve them «f en equal amount of mote objectionable taxation." Why the result of any one particular tax must be to relieve people of more objectionable taxation, we are at a loss to conceive, oven if the £2600.did go into the general revonue. But it was the very gist of onr hypothesis and argument that the £2500 would not go into the general revonue at all, but into the pockets of the local manufacturers. If it did not find its way there —that is to say, if the duty did not shut out the imported manufactures—then the tax would be, not protective, but simply revenue- producing, and so far unobjectionable. With regard to " Nationalisation of the land," our correspondent leaves us no longer in any doubt as to his views, but vouchsafes no further reason in support of them. He believes that the State should resume all country lands already alienated, but does show cause" in favor of such a pro- cedure. It would not be difficult to show cause against tho adoption of such a chimerical project, though to do so ought really to be needless. Has " Inquirer " over reflected on this matter ? Is he awaro that, in round numbers, close on forty millions of acres have been alienated 1 Does he know that the action of New South Wales in connection with the recently authorised loans will bring the public debt of tho colony up to £30,000,000, and that this indebtedness is looked upon by many statesmen as far too great ? If Inquirer " is aware of these things, his reputation for commonsense and political intelligence will scarcely be enhanced by his support of a proposal the adoption of which must involve the quadrupling of our already large liabilities. If he is not aware of the facts above stated, then the sooner he gets posted in the rudiments of oar political history, the better, and pending his acquisition of such knowledge he will do well to avoid rushing into print. The of this country have been too long to have their burdens lightened the proceeds of the public lands, to view with any favor a proposal which would make the Lands Department the centre of fresh taxation to the extent of the interest upon £80,000,000 or £90,000,000 instead of a source of revenue. IN connection with the appointment of officers under the new land law, it is currently reported that the police magistrate has been created a member of the Albury Land Board. The choice of the Minister in this respect will certainly not meet with approval here, unless it is accompanied by the appointment of some other gentleman to the office of police magistrate.. For £ long while past the duties of the latter position have been ,po onerous as to occupy the whole time of the gentleman holding the appointment, and even then undue demands have frequently been made on the honorary magistrates in order to prevent the accumulation of court business or vexatious delay to suitors. With tho growth of the district, the business of the several courts within the jurisdiction of the Albury police magistrate will ako increase, and the work of the magistrate must year by year become heavier. How in the face of these facts the Minister could for a moment dream of placing an enormous amount of new work on the shoulders of the official in question, we are at a loss to conceive. We have no doubt in the world, however, as to the utter inability of any one officer satisfactorily to discharge the duties that would devolve upon him in the dual capacity of police magistrate and member of tho land board. THE postponement by the Licensing Court of its decision in a case brought forward last Tuesday, is on the face of it incomprehensible. The merits of the case itself it would at this stage of tho proceedings be perhaps improper to discuss, but apart altogether from the claims of either party, it appears to us that the court had no power to deal with the matter at all. The facts are simply these:—The holder of a publican's license in Smollett-street applied for the removal of the license to another house erected by applicant in the same street. Clause 34 of the Licensing Statute declares that when tho local-option vote of the ratepayers in any municipality decides against tho increase of licensed houses, then " no now publican's license, and no certificate authorising the removal of a publican's license, shall for a period of three years from the date of the notification in the Gazette announcing such vote in tho negative, be granted for premises within the area in which tho vote of the ratepayers has been so given in the negative." Now in the case of the Albury municipality the local option vote wa6 taken in February, 1882, and resulted in a declaration against the granting of new licenses md the removal of existing licenses. In other words, tho vote was " in tho negative." Clearly, then, if tho Act is not to be a dead-letter altogether, tho application was one which the court was absolutely powerless to grant, and tho fact that a reference to tho Crown law officers, or indeed any other course involving delay in deciding so simple a business, should have been considered necessary, is, to say tho least, extraordinary. WE have received great complaints from several persons who during the past month have been making a tour of tho southern and western districts in search of land whereon to settle as soon as tho now law comes into operation. Tho substance of tho grievance is simply this—that whenever they attempted to leave the beaten coach roads in order to explore tho country, they were challenged and interfered with by the local lessees or their employes, and threatened with all sorts of penalties. If, say our informants, they had been really trespassing, they would not now utter any complaint, but in several instances they were interfered with when following what they had good reason to believe was a Government road. As, however, there is nothing to define the boundaries of these roads, the travellers could not bo absolutely certain that they wore not trespassers, and so allowed themselves to be turned back rather than run the risk of prosecution. In this way, however, they were compelled to make lengthy and vexatious detours when short and straight roads wero available to their several destinations, and they were prevented from inspecting land they wished to see. There is no donbt that £_good many intending selectors have encountered similar "difficulties in. their search for land, and unless tho Minister approves of this ingenious method of checking settlement, he will do well to cause all roads through pastoral leaseholds to be defined in some way on the ground. To CORRESPONDENTS.—"Juvenile."—Write to Mr. Geo. Robertson, bookseller, Sydney. CROWDED OUT.—Owing to the pressure on our space tbis week, the conclusiou of the tale is unavoidably held over. AUCTIONEERS' LICENSES.—Auctioneers' licenses were granted on Friday to Messrs. R. A. Henriques and T. II. Griffith. SLAUGHTERING LICENSE.—On the application ot Mr. Thorold, a slaughtering license was granted on Friday to R. Collard. THE LAND ACT.—WC publish elsewhere tho Regulations to the new Ljnd Act. Subscribers will do well to preserve the number for future reference. To FARMERS—Mr. W. Smith, of Howlon?, announces elsewhere that he is prepared' to purchase stacks of hay and press them, on tho ground, with his new patent press. SPECIAL COLLECTION.—The Council having lovied a rate upon the Convent Schools, a special collection will be made to raise the amount at St. Patrick's on Sunday. THE NEW TELEGBAPH OFFICE.—Wc understand that the lender of a Wagga firm—Messrs. Hardy and Co.—lias been accepted for tho construction of the new telegraph office. ELECTORAL REVISION CODBTS.—Courts for the revision of the general electoral lists wilL lie held as under:—Kutherglcn, 19 th January ; Yackandandah, 19th January ; Chiltern, 19th January. BATE COLLECTIONS.—AS evidence of the interest taken in the approaching municipal elections, we may mention that the rates collected for tbe week ending Welnoaday last amounted to £104. ALBURY HOSPITAL.—The secretary informs us that the follovriug euuis have beeti rec;?ve J on behalf of the institution :—From Mr.,B B. M'Mariin, £17 Is. 9J. J Rev. A. D. Acock?, £1; Mr. C. H. Douglas, £5 ; A.J.S. Bank, £5 5s. 1 , A NUISANCE.—Travellers between Albury and Jindera were subjected to considerable annoyance, and persons driving to some danger, by the carcise of a dead bullock which was lying on the road at the beginning ol the. present week. MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.—Subscribers may be reminded that the annual meeting takes place on Monday next, the 19th inst., at 8 p.m., for the reception of the report and balancesheet for 1884, and the election ot officebearers and committee for 1885. SPECIAL LICENSING DISTRICT REVOKED.— The last issue of the Victorian Government Gazette contains a notice to the effect that the proclamation made 21st January, 1884, de-' daring Lockharl's Creek a special licensing district, bas been revoked. EOMAN CATHOLIC SCHOOLS.—The Convent Schools will reopen on Monday, and on the samcday the S:. Patrick's Boys' School will be reopened by the members of a teaching order—the Brothers of St. Patrick—who purpose starting a class for teaching classics and French. MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.—The annual elec- tions take place on Tuesday, 3rd February. The retiring aldermen are Messrs. Lamport, Frew, and Ten Brink. Nominations of intending candidates must be delivered at the Council Chambers before uoon on Tuesday, 27 th iust. TOWONG SHIBE ELECTION.—Mr. J. Pooley, having been ousted from office as councillor ot the Towong Shire, anuounces his intention of seeking re-election at the bands of the ratepayers of tbe Murray riding, Mr. Scarlett is also in tbe field. The election takes place on the 24th inst. NEW FIRM.—We notice that Mr. W. N. M. Edmondson, late manager for Messrs. T. H. Mate and Co., bas entered into partnership with Mr. Parker, and that tbe new firm will commence business as general merchants at the Exchange Buildings, corner of Townsend and Smollett streets, early in March. BANK CHANGES.—A Wagga journal says :— " We learn that Mr. Thomas, who has been known here so long in connection with tbe Bahk of New South Wales, has been promoted to the accountantship of the branch of the same establishment at Young; Mr. Keigbtley, of Albury, coming to take his place here." VITAL STATISTICS.—We are indebted to the courtesy of the district registrar for the following returns for quarter ending 31st December, 1884:—Albury: Births—19 males, 32 females, total 51; deaths—21 males, 9 females, total 30; marriages,27. Hume: Births—41 males, 47 females, total 88 ; deaths—12 males, 8 females, total 20 ; marriages, 14. DRAMATIC COMPANY.—On Tuesday and Wednesday evenings Mr. and Mrs. J. Kennedy will appear at tbe Mechanics'Institute, assisted by Miss Elliot and a number of local amattuis. Mr. Kennedy, it will be remembered, was the low comedian of Miss Lanyon's company on their recent visit to Albury, when be established himself as a firm favorite with local playgoers. PRESBYTERIAN.—We regret to learn that the Rev. J. Walker, of German ton, bas so broken down in health tbat bis medical advisers have insisted on the necessity of a complete and prolonged rest. He has accordingly arranged to make the voyage to England in the Parramatta. A meeting of the Germanton Presbyterian congregation will be held on Saturday next to consider what steps shall be taken. ACCIDENT.—On the 9th inst. the contractors carting machinery for the Wallace Mining and Smelling Company, Bethanga, arrived with a boiler weighing eight tons. When within 100 yards of the place prepared to receive it, the off hind wheel went to pieces, the boiler rolling down the hill some 300 yards, striking stumps, which put several holes in and cracked it in two. This accident will cause great delay. STOCK MOVEMENTS. — 5360 merino ewe Miners from .Terilderie to Ellerslie, Turaut, Peterson and Sargood owners ; 9500 merino sheep from Hay and Narandera to Mitta Mitta, C. A. Stewart; 6000 merino sheep from Howlong station to Victoria, Alex. Macvean ; 1850 merino ewes from Goonambil to Four- mile Creek, C. F. Frauenfelder; 1500 merino wethers from Mundawaddera to Svdney, Chas. Edghill. BIROMAN CATHOLIC.—The ceremony of taking the white veil was performed at the Convent yesterday, the postulants being Miss Kennedy (in religion, Sister Mary Coluraba) and Miss Ward of Adelaide (Sister Mary Evangelists). 1 he ceremony was conducted by the Very Rev. Father Dunne, V.F., assisted by the R<v. Father Gallngber, president of St. Patrick's College, Goulburn, and the Rev. Father O'Comiell. THE WEATHER.—If the early part of tbe *m turner was unusually mild, the weather during the past week has been quite hot «nou«h to make up for previous shortcomings. On Monday and Tuesday Uie shade temperature ranged up to 103 degrees, and on Tuesday Mgbt the thermometer indicated over 90 degrees up to midnight, no considerable reduction in the temperature taking place until about daylight on Wednesday. THE « GERMANTON Toms."—After N sixnioottas existence, the Ctrmanton Times bas given up the ghost, the last issue containing, under the heading of " Starved Out," a leading article in which tbe grounds of discontinuance are stated. It appears that the proprietor did not receive the support which he had been promised, and which his enterprise certainly merited, as the paper from its first issue to the last was a very creditable specimen of provincial journalism. FIRE IN SWIFT-STREET.—Another fire broke out on Monday evening, the locale this time being a wooden cottage in Swift- street occupied by Mrs. Knight. The timber being old and dry, tbe fire spread with great rapidity, and in the course of a few minutes from the first alarm being given tbe whole building was in a blaze. Plenty of assistance was available, but all that could be done was to prevent tbe spread of the flames to a detached kitchen at the rear of the maiu building. There was no insurance on the house or it* contents. FISH POISONING.—We regret to learn that Mr. Millson, of Bowna, and four of his children bad a narrow escape of being poisoned through eating linned fish. A neighbor who happened to pas9 the house found all five in a helpless condition, and on inquiry ascertained that the symptoms manifested themselves shortly after the family had partaken of tinned fish at breakfast. Dr. Woods was telegraphed lor and on bis arrival two of the family were in almost a dying state. Prompt remedies were however applied and proved effectual, all members of tbe family being out of immediate danger an hour later. THE LATE CONCERT AND BALL AT TIN- TALDRA.—The president and secretary of tbe Upper Murray Mutual Improvement and Debating Society write expressing the thanks of tbe committee to the ladies and gentlemen who assisted at tbe late concert and ball, and to the public for the liberal patronage bestowed on the entertainment. They add that any defects which were noticeable in the late entertainment will be carefully avoided in future ones, and they trust to be able to offer visitors mor.; comfortable accommodation at any future gatherings which may be held under the auspices of the society. EXHIBITION AWARDS.—In the list of awards at the recent Exhibition in Sydnpy, the following local names occur :—The Hon. J. Balfour, of Bound Hill station, secured first prize tor baled wool, for a bale of greasy weighing 3151 bs.; Mr. G. J. Mulholland, ot Onra, took second prize. Mr. J. Mitchell, of Tabhtop, took second prize for wool : and Mr. C. Featherstonhaugh was highly commended for 12 rams' fleeces. Messrs. Gray and Neill, of Corowa, were awarded first prize for ewes' wool. Messrs. Watson and Young, of Albury, received second prize for cordials, and were highly commended for mineral waters. CROWN LAND SALE.—A sale of Crown lands took place at Tallangatta on tbe 9th inst., when tbe following lots were disposed of:—Lot 1, of 24a. Or. 4p., parish of Yabba, Messrs. Paton Bros.; lot 2, 27a. 2r. 7p., parish of Berringa, Mr. Symington; lot 3, 31a. 2r. 10p., parish of Berringa, J. Symington ; lot 4, 52ft. Or. 28p., Bethanga, D. Mitchell. Lota 5, 6,7, and 8, each a little over 10 acrcs, parish ol Beethang, were sold to Mr. Thomas Reidy. Lot 9, of 3 acres, parish of Talgamo, was knocked down to Mr. J. Johnson as agent for trustees of Church of England. In no case was more than the upset price realised. OBTAINING MONEY UNDER FALSE PRE- TENCES.—A man named William Johnston was brought up at the Narandera police court on a charge of obtaining goods and cash to tbe value of £1 33. from Messrs. Galvin and Newmark, of Darlington Point, by means of a valueless order. The evidence went to show tbat prisoner purchased goods to the amount of .£6 13s. 6d., and presented an order on Messrs. H. and C. Douglas in payment, receiving 10s. in change. The order proved to be worthless, as prisoner bad no money owing to him by the firm on which he had drawn. He was sentenced to six mouths' imprisonment in Albury gaol. CROWN LANDS OFFICE, ALBDRY.—The local Crown land agent favors us with the following returns (or quarter ending 31st December, 1884 :— Auction deposits, .£116 15s.; auction balauccs, £710 4s.; deed lees, £39; conditional purchase instalments, £291 10?. 5d.; conditional purchase interest, £20 10s. 7d.; conditional purchase deposits, £2958 14s. Id.; conditional purchase balances, £90 4'. 31.; conditional purchase deed fee*, £2 ; pre-lease applications, £40 13s. 81.; pre-lense renewals, £111 18^.61.; timber licenses, £1; subdivision fees, £21 Ga.; lithographs, £3 15s. Gd.; registration fee, £21; stamp duty, £23; transfer parchments, £4 5s.; 7lh Vic. No. 16, 10i.; total, £4456 Gs. ST. CLEMENT'S, WAGRA.—The opening of the new church at Wagra took place on Sunday last. The building is a eub6tautial and tastefully-designed wooden structure, erected in a convenient aud central position. It had been very nicely decorated with flowers and evergreens for tbe occasion, aud WAS well (illed. Tbe service was conducted by J he Rev. J. Scott, of Germanton, who preached a good practical sermon adapted to the occasion, and at tbe close a liberal collection was taken up. Several members ol the choir of St. Matthew'* drove out from Albury to atsistin the musical portion of tbe service, and they desire to acknowledge the very great courtesy and consideration displayed by the leadiog members of the Wagra congrcgntiou in their thoughtful curc for the comfort ot the visitors. TUMBARUMB A SCHOOL.—TbefoUowiugVaor has been received by the Secretary of the Turabarumba Progress Committee:—" Department ot Public Instruction, Sydney, 30th December, 1884\. Sir,—Advcrtiugto your letter, dated 8th ultimo, requesting tbe erection of a weathershed at the Tumbarumba Public School, I am directed to acquaint you tbat, having had under notice a report upon the su'jcct, the Minister of Public Instruction has authorized the carrying out of tbe undermentioned works at this school, viz :—Erection of a weatbershed 30ft. x 15!t., with partition, and composed of sawn timber with iron roof; erection of a detached kitchen 12ft. x 12ft., arid a servant's room 12ft. x 8ft., both rooms to be constructed of brick, with shingled roof, aud connected with the residence by a covered way. The architect has accordingly beeu instructed to take tbe necessary steps in the matter. I have the honor, &c.;,G. JOHNSON, Under-Secretary." IMPORTANT LAND SALES.—Messrs. C. L. Griffith aod Co. announce several very large sales of town lands for Saturday, the 24th inst. Under instructions from Mr. J. T. Fallon, they will offer a block of 7& acres known as" Clark's Farm," adj oining Bouesjillastreet (the block being cut up into suitable allotments for building purposes); and a number of other lots. Under instructions from Mr. J. P. Smith, the same firm will submit valuable allotments in Kiewa-street, Olive-street, David-street, and a number of good elevated villa sites to be laid out in the subdivision ot Montauut's farm. On behalf ot Mr*. W. Darby, Messrs. Griffith and Co. will offer land iu Olive-street, David-street, Ebden- street, Hume-street, and Wodongaplacc ; aho one allotment in a good position in the town of Wodonga, On tbe same day Mr. W. C. Steel will hold a sale of land near tbe yards of Griffith and Co. The block to he offered is five acres in extent, and bas cattle yards on it. Other building sites in different pares of the town, and some nice cottage properties, will be submitted to auction by Mr. Steel at tbe same time. The sales will take ptace at the Albury Holel. CASE OP DROWNING.—An inquest was held at North Berry Jerry last Friday before Mr. A. Fosbery, the district coroner, and a jury ol five, touching the deaths of Mary Anu Horrocks aud her eldest son, Frederick Horrocks, who were drowned iu a tank of water on the selection of John Robins. The evidence of Andrew Charles Horrocks, a laborer employed by John Robins, was to the effect tbat be wa« returning from work oa tbe previous Wednesday, at about 5 o'clock, wbeu he was informed that his wife aud eon had been drowned. With the assistance of a mau named Webster, he took the bodies from the water. John Robins stated that he had heard the screams of children proceeding from the direction of a tftuk close to Horrocks'fs hut, and he saw Horrocks's two little children crying on the bauk. They told him that tbeir mother had jumped into the water after Freddy. He and bis eldest sou jumped into the water, but failed to find the bodies. Catherine Horrocks, aged six, stated that her brother Frederick went to the tank lor water with his younger brother, aged three. Hearing the child scream, Mrs. Iiorrocks 6cnt the witness to ascertaiu the cause, and on arriving at the tank she saw her brother's heels above the water. On hearing the alarm, the mother down to the tank, sprang into the water, which is 6ft. deep, and sank at once. John Robin?, junr., deposed tbat with bis father he ran in the direction of Horrocks'.-j tank, and sa* the hair of Mrs. Horiocks on the surface, in lAw act of sinking. He sprang in, but being flurried he failed to reach the body, and only saved himself with difficulty. A verdict w returned of death from accidental drowning. ALBURY HOSPITAL.—The committee of the Albury Hospital held a meeting on the evening of Thursday, the 8th inst. Mr. Thorold occupied the chair, and othermembers present were Messrs. C. Dight, J. H. Turner, and C. Schiniedt. The report of the superintendent was read, showing that at the end of November there bad been 14 patients in the hospital. During December 13 had been admitted, a like number discharged, -and two had died ; leaving 12 still iu the institution. Messrs. Nagle aud Dight were .appointed a sub-committee to draw up the report for submission at tbe annual meeting ot subscribers, to be held on 22nd inst. Receipt of donations was announced as follows :—Riverina District of I.O.O.F., M.U., £2 2s.; acting manager, Bank of Australasia, £5 ; James M'Intosb, £1 ; John Kruse, £1 ; T. Proctor, 10s.; Elisba Livis, 5s.; "C.M.," 5s.; Johu Ferguson, 10s.; Henry Thompson, 5s.; N. J. Nieboren, 10s.; collccted by superintendent, £IG Is. The lollowiug accounts were passed for payment:—Secretary, £7 10s.; Maclure Bros £21 9s. 3fcd.; F. A. Selle, £42 3s. 31.; pettveash, £16 0*. 7d.; ward6Uiao, £4 ; nurse, £3 16?; cook, £4 ; hbor £1 ; Albury Gas Co., £1 Is.; J. M'Donald, £8 lis. 7d.; J. Mitchell, £3 lis. 9d.; J. Blackie, £5 4*. 4d.; Hauler, 19s. 6d.: Matthews, £G 3<. Cl; Montague, £3 17s. 4d.; Wells, 14*.; Dulley, 2s. ; Adauis £4 15s. 9A.; Mayer,Mclzor and Jacksou, £6 13s. 81. ALBTRRY POLICE COURT.—At this court on Saturday list David Davis was charged with larcenv. JameB Brougham, deposed : I live iu Smollett-street; oa Tuesday last I faw tbe prisoner al>out hall-past 11 at night noar my place; next morning I missed a bam ; the portion of hatu produced resembles the ham I lost; thtt ham was worth 24s. Constable Holder deposed to having arrested the prisoner, and to huving found a piece of ham in his swag; also a fryingpan in which ham had recently been fried. Eiiznbeth Brougham, of prosecutor, deposed: Prisoner last week sent me some washing to do ; on New Year's Day he came to my place and cleaned a fowl for me ; he also helped me to cut a ham ; I gave him two slices of ham ; the piece produced is not what I gave bim ; prisoner was hanging about my place all day; I do not accuse prisoner of taking tbe ham. To the prisoner: I did tell you to take some of the ham, and you cut two small slices ; tbe ham you took with my permission is not the ham now produced ; the ham I cut on New Year's Day was about 11 Lb, or 121b., and the hum stolen weighed about 16lb. This was tbe case for the prosecution. For the defence tbe prisoner stated that the ham had beeu given him by Mrs. Brougham. He called Mrs. Brougham in support of this statement, but she denied having given it to him. She, however, idmitted having given prisoner permission to take a small piece, which he cut off in her presence. The Bench held the case to b* proved, and sentenced the prisoner to one month's imprisonment. On Wednesday, John Smith pleaded not guilty to a charge of riotous behaviour in Townsend" street. Mr. Thorold appeared for the defence. Toe defendant had been arrested, and tbe Bench held that he was improperly before the ourt, as be ought to have been summoned. The case was therefore dismissed. LICENSING COURT.—Atthe quarterly sitting of the Licensing Court on Tuesday last the following business was disposed of:—Matthew Scheetz applied for a licensc for a house at Moorwatha.—Granted. Jane Pool applied lor a removal of license from the Railway Hotel, Smollett-street, to new premises in tbe same street. Messrs. Thorold aod Fowler for the applicant. Mr. Chauncy opposed the application, on the ground that tbe Bench had no power to grant the removal. Mr. Fowler quoted a recent Supreme Court decision where a refusal of magistrates to grant a license for a house the license of which bad lapsed, had been reversed. Mr. Chauncy, in reply, argued that the two cases were not parallel, inasmuch as in the present instance it was desired to remove tbe license from established premises to a new house altogether. Tbe Bench intimated its intention to postpone a decision on the law point raised. Mr. Chauncy then raised a second objection on the merits of the case. Ho contended that a serious injustice would be done to the owner of the Railway Hotel if the license were removed to the new premise?, inasmuch as a license could not then be obtaiued for the Railway Hotel. Fanny DouglaB deposed : In 1881 I built the Railway Hotel for Mr. Pool; he had notice to leave the hotel they were then in ; the house was built at a cost of £900, to suit the requirements of Mr. Pool ; after be died Mrs. Pool asked me if I would allow her for any fixtures in the house ; I said no doubt any new tenant coming in would pay for them ; tbe house bas been t-uilt specially for a publichouse ; I found a tenant for my house; I let the house at £9 10s a month ; if the license goes awa}* from the house it will not be worth more than £1 per week; I would not bave built tbe house but at the request of Mr. P.-ol. To Mr. Thorold : It was Mr. Pool's license that wai transferred to tbe house from another hotel. Mr. Chauncy addressed the Bench at some length, and very forcibly pointed out the serious injury that would be suffered by the landlord of tbe Railway Hotel if this transfer were granted. Mr. Fowler replied. Mr. J. Wilkinson as amicus curiae, with the permipeion of the Bench, addressed tbe court on the point involved, and showed tbat if the transfer were granted, the court would he laying down the principle tbat the tenant alone had a right to deal with tbe license, irrespective of the landlord. If this were held to be the law, then it would be in the power of any tenant to remove his license to a new building, and so ruin tbe laodlord's property. Tbe Bench reserved its decision. A renewal of wine license was granted to Mary Brennan. Matthew Mills .pplied for a wine liceusf! for a house situated at the B'.ack Range,—The application was refused. DENTISTRY.—Mr. S. De Saxe, surccondentist, may be consulted at the Globe Hotel, Albury, on 18th and 19th inst. ALBURI* HIGH SCHOOL.—The RJv. Mr. Masters' pupils resume duties ou Monday next, the 19th iu6U We are also rcq; ested to meuiion tbat boarders will be rcceivcc on and after 2ad February—not April, as previouslv announced. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.—The following is a summary of tbe principal advertisements tbat appear for the first time in this issue :— Valentines at Burton's ; A. Gauntlet advertised for; Tintaldra Hotel to let; fire engine for sale; Urana Town Common meeting, 19th January ; general meeting Urana Hospital on 30th January ; Mr. J. G. Dougharty 6ells store bullocks at Wodonga 19th January ; 300 fat sheep lor sale at Mountain Creek ; cow, calf, and heifer lost from Wodonga; annual meeting Albury Hospital ou 22nd January ; polling for Towong ShifC election 24th January ; trespassers on Mr. D. Conuor/a land warned ; E. Macpbcrsoit, stationer, &c.;, Townsend-street ; reduced fares to Mahonga ; My. W. Beard has reopened tbe Wahgunyah Fiour Mills; horse lost; Mr. Caspers teaches music, pinging, French and German ; Meeers. G. L. Griffib and Co sell fat stock on Wednesday ; Slj. Kngelmann, herbalist, visits Albury on 30th January ; Mr. Steel sells lever watch and diamond ring on 2Ut January ; Convent Day School. 