After Twenty Years. \- . . . ? ? ? No. XV. Bt Maosi. Surely there -arc few towns on this earth's- sur face more heinmed in 'by mountains than Arrow town. The snowy peaks peer down the chimneys, and in whatever direction yon look out yoar eye meets only crags^and rocks, gorges and precipices. The Arrow runs its muddy stream at the base of the cliffs, and the houses, built of flat slate stones, jostle each . other on the brink of the etream. The sands in the river have been turned over for gold some five tiroes already ; and it is eaid that a methodical search would even now un earth much more treasure. It was raining heavily, as we left O'Kane's little hostelry, where every regard had been paid to our comfort; and never in all my travelling experi ence did I face a gloomier prospect. We seemed hopelessly caged in by immense lofty walls of rbek ; and the bridle and team tracks to the. vari ous workings, in the glens and gorges, wound along the face'of the walls at a dizzy height above the stream ; with bare gaunt pinnacles piercing the mists in all directions. - The township was founded during the first ^old rush to the district twenty-six years ago. The rude masonry walls of 'the old houses are. much more antique- locking than one commonly sees in any colonial town. - .._ ' All this region, round about is auriferous. The shaly, slaty, crumbling mass, of which the hills and strata are ' composed, is seamed and per meated everywhere throughout its bulk by thin veins of quartz, , and ? most of these are gold tearing. In all the fiats, and in the bads and on the sides of all the 'rivers and creeks, surface digging and sluicing- has been more or less pro fitably followed ; and at one time there was an immense . mining population in these Lake dis tricts. 'Now, however, ' Ichabod' might almost Tbe written over the map. At Maeetown there a^-e some rich reefs now being worked, and Maeetown is even more in accessible 'than Arrowtown. The teams that go to.- Maeetown must surely possess some of the attributes of the goat or house fly, for the road is perhaps one oi' -the most audacious in the colonies. It literally sticks to the face of the cliffs in some parts. 'Rain ! rain. How it patters. Mud ! mud. How it splashes. The horses, poor things, look veri table hypochrondriaes, and both driver and pas sengers look blue as the surroundings. Through a temporary lift' in the grey mist the gaxsnt bills show their bare naked ugly backs, lacerated with' gaping scars. All the glamour of the kindly drapery of snow having vanished under the pitiless pelting of the rain. Great land slips have laid' bare '£he blue shale beds on the mountain sides. The chasms and abyssmal depths look the very acme of wild unrelieved desolation. There is not a bright tint. . The only signs of motion are the foaming cascades tearing down the gullies, their silvery streaks -looking like the white locks of- the furies trailing over the barren jagged clefts. The only sign of life is where a ghostly gull, sated with the Sesh of some poisoned rabbits, wings his heavy flight athwart the black blue background of dripping rock. We seem to be floating above the clouds, and to be dipping into a sea of mist. Yonder is a glorious peep I A rift in the cloud with a spumy circle of cirrhus edges, reveals a glimpse of a snowy peak far, far 'aloft; .It looks like .the face of a veteran warrior, with a few liard locks scattered thinly over big brow, . gazing at us through the gauzy curtains of an hospital window. Now we cross the Arrow, fleet as its name por tends; roaring and foaming deep down in its drumlv channel. Look at the old workings ! What 'Titan's toil has been here ! It looks as if a pack of pre-diluvian monsters had been madly tearing at the banks. The valley is riven and torn and trenched and furrowed in all directions. Every furlong o'f the way now for the next thirty luiles is like this. These are the early diggings.. The auriferous earth was sluiced, and the boulders and rocks and pebbles piled up in great dykes and battlements out of reach of the water. It is a most unique appearance. I have never witnessed such. The dykes and wavy irregular outlines are quite unlike the debris and tumuli left after tin workings or alluvial gold washing in any part -of .Australia I have visited. Look back! How majestic seem these mighty sentinels, chid in eternal snow, and looking down so purely and serenely on the disrupted valley, as if in pity at the. mad hurry scurry and feverish lust of gold which they have witnessed. The peaceful plough has now sueceededthe eager pick and shovel, and several thatched farm cots are visible here and there through the mists. On our left a magnificent cascade comes shoot ing down over an abrupt ledge, and now we reach the Swift Burn gorge. 'Tould take a Dore to paint this awful chasm. Far below the Swift Burn dashes. Appropriate name ! The abyss is appalling in its inky hues of desolation. It! looks as _ if mortification had set in on all the livid faces of crag, and rotting cliff, and the black-blue tinge of universal dissolution lias set its seal on all the surroundings. The Arrow here loses its mud begrimmed waters in the olive-green volume of the swift Kawarau. The canyon is of a depth tbat makes one shudder. The crags and peaks are blasted as if by the scorching breath of the legions of Apollyon. The seamed and riven sides of the crumbling gorge assume the most ghastly hues. AH the potent agencies of nature in her most wrathful mood, have seemingly been exerted here to produce a chaos of. wild weird desolation; It is a picture fit for a prophet's vision, laden with wratli and woe, and desolation. ? It is indeed a vision of judgment. The memory of it haunts me yet. A solemn awe settles on our spirits. Words utterly fail to present a tithe of the terrific awesomeness of this amazing pass. We cross the Kawarau by a massive iron bridge, slung on thick wire cables, let into the solid rock on either side. A column of splintered spray comes scatteringly down over the giddy Height to the left- We shudder as we gaze back at the terrible view. Surely, now we are coming into some more cheerfol environment? .But no!. Nature pre sents herself in these -wild solitudes in her most forbidding guise. ? The Hindoos would say that 2£ali, or Doorga, the goddess of wrath and desola tion, was the presiding divinity here. Every thing is -baneful — malign. See ^'??'gl''g. .-on yonder line a tow of -gory mangled scalps— a ribbon ; of bloody fiesliuwith a silver selvage? What is it? Nay, start not. These are only a few hundred gory, rabbit skins drying for market. : They are quite in keeping ?with the scenery, A few farmsteads are scattered over this deso late strath. On the other side of the river.the strath is ribbed into ridges by the £le4ike teeth of innumerable rills and runlets. .These are nature's files, eating away the mass of the earth quake's upheaval. The swift Eawarau there is but'nature's besom, sweeping the detritus of the workshop down into 'the open plains of the low country, there to be worked up by the rosy fingers of that cunning artificer old -Helios. into ruddy fruit and golden grain, and all the witching love liness of .grass and 'flower and tree. ; What a laboratory, is this ! ' We are looking liere^at ?nature hi her apprentice stage. Tlie mist is now gathering its serid battalions, ondfslowly' retiring to the mountain, tops. The valleys come out niore distinctly. The sound of falling waters becomes more clear and musical. Hurrah'. Yonder is the sun, and we are to have a. fine day after alL . - ; What a gldrous vision have we here. Surely reader, could you but- behold this -with 4ne my ? rhapsodies might be pardonei : This gorge is named Nevis Bluff Pass. . How . eerie and uncanny look those rotten crumbling masses overhead. ? -', 'The road winds in and out, ahdheaps of fallen debris, 'and the rocks Hang ominously- over the liorses* ieads. -? .' Below the im pettfous river is in a more -savage mood than ever-. The water, pent tip anSL impeded by fallen rocks, roars and swishes and churns itself intofoam, . as itdashes in inipotent wrath against the fgreat buttresses and barriers that eeek to retard its f urious rash. There is not.a blink of ^brightness Lere^*dr 'relieve the jmllid leaden look; Even the enowy'hei^ts are again hidden by ;the gray dark enviousioiE^fcj which chngs to the sodden soil like grave dpths. j -., :- { .?; ;y :? ' -.' : '?? '. ? .--? ':. . '?--?' .';' ..? ...~ . ._? . ? -, -v . -? Here is ^an. episode in keeping with thegeneral aspect.' \ *$8ie?' rabbifcters . Ihave '?-?fljeeri' -ont ; i^ing' ' poisoned ^giaiSjd., ^^r^e^y'ba^yT: fHave^bn: ing greed which makes these multitudinous hordes such an awful plague- is not to be deterred by any scruples. The grain is looked on as a god send, for of grass or green herbage there is not a blade — -all eaten up long ago. The vermin are at starvation point. . They. eat. See now ! Look at that one leaping .in the air in its death agonies. .Look at the contortions and gyrations of that other.- 'Hear the agonising screams of a third. ? The earth is dotted with the white upturned pelts of dozens. They lie thick behind every tuft of jspeax grass, in scores under every cliff, in hundreds ' over the plains. The peltry hunters will have a rich harvest this evening. As the 'rabbitters move forward, picking up the dead beasts and rapidly skinning them, hundreds of seagulls followed the gang, flitting about like eerie ghosts, andgorgingthemselveson the poisoned carcases. The poison does not seem to affect these birds : at leaet no dead gulls are ever noticed, though I saw them., niyseli' feeding on the poisoned flesh. ' . This rabbit infliction is --* awful dimensions here. We saw them by the thousand, bobbing about among the dry withered thistle stalks, and many hundreds oi tons of skins are exported from Ofcago and Southland every year. On some runs as. many as fifty men axe employed laying poison and collecting sldris. The skins almost pay for the .outlay, but -of course the check to the wool industry cannot be forrnvlated in figures. The skins are most valuable when the winter fur is on them. There is so much difficult country hereabouts where the vermin can breed in safety, that they will never now be wholly eradicated, but already they are being sensibly held in check, and meantime the poor people comfort themselves with the thought, that after all, they give em ployment to many hundreds of hands, and cause money to De spent in the country which might otherwise . only swell the hoards of absentee squatters, and rich corporations. The poison used is phosphorised grain. For flat country, where the. -warrens are easily accessible, and the soil . not too porous, probably no better means of checking the plague has been found than tnat promulgated by an old fellow student of my own, whom I had the pleasure of meeting again in Dunedin after a long separa tSrm I refer to Professor James G. Black, Professor of Chemistry in the Otago. University. Some nine years ago the rabbit plague was working havoc with the prospects of pastoralists in Southland : and one of the leading squatters, jyjx. James Holmes, of Castle Bock station, Southland, wrote to Professor Black, almost in despair, to see if he could suggest any remedy. After some consideration the professor recom mended the trial of the bisulphide of carbon and himself superintended the experiments. The rabbits were first of all hunted into the warrens by dogs. A rag or stem of the coinmon N.Z. fla-z (phormiuni), dipped in the bi-sulphide, or a spoon ful of the liquid itself, was then put into each hole in the warren and a sod was then stamped into each opening. The poisonous fun^es are immediately generated and penetrate to the re motest recesses of the waxren, and no live rabbit escapes the deadly dose. For low lands this is the best remedy that was then known, and none better has been discovered since, and to Professor Black belongs the honor of having first suggested and tried it. It gives me genuine pleasure to be able to record this of an old fellow-student ; for his modesty is only eaualled bv his high attainments. During this digression the coach has been jolting on, and the weather has been clearing. Eight ahead, seemingly barring the valley, Mount Difficulty towers aloft. It is well named. Its black bare ribs are like the bones of some giant megatherium, which have been scorched and blackened by primeval fires. . We cross the Victoria Bridge, and in the valley below the Nevis here joins its waters to these of the Kawarau. The Nevis is muddy and thick as pea soup from recent freshets. In tiiese wild glens the liver-loving kea is very plen tifuL This epicure is rather an interesting example of an uncommon fact in natural history. Of course it is pretty generally known that the kea has attained an. unenviable notoriety on account of the damage he does to the sheep.. He fastens on to some unlucky beast, and with his powerful hooked beak regularly cuts a hole into the poor victim till he reaches the dainty he is in search of — the liver. This luscious morsel having been appropriated, the bleeding, lacerated victim is left to die in agony, while the rapacious kea transfers his attentions to another iilfated member of the flock. And yet the kea was for merly a fruit-eating bird. He is allied to the macaw family, an'l how the taste for a carnivo rous diet became developed does not seem yet to be known. It is a curious instance of change of nature. I should say the student of natural history would find a fine field for observation here. Another episode befell us here, and thus : The driver and I were chatting gaily, when an ex clamation from him roused my attention to the swift movements of a oouple of birds. A sparrow hawk in pursuit of a fine blue rock pigeon. They swept past us on fleet, strong wing. The hawk swooped to strike ; but the pigeon eluded him. Again they circled, swept upward, downward, flashed past us like a streak of light, and again the hawk made his deadly dart. Palpitating, trembling, the harried pigeon just managed to swoop under the friendly shelter of a clump of bushes beside a mountain rill that eaine merrily rippling down the hillside. The baffled hawk, with a most malignant glitter in his eye, took up his station on a jutting rock, and had evi dently made up his mind to wait for the poor pigeon. 'No, old man, I'll be hanged if you'll have him,' said Jack, the driver, apostrophising the hawk.' , *' Here, sir, hold the reins.' This to me, throwing me the reins. Jack got down from his perch, and a little search in the bush was re warded by the capture of the poor dazed pigeon, who was consigned to safe custody in the boot. The hawk dodged a stone, which Jack threw at him, and very sulkily winged his way off in quest of other prey. At this part of the road the rocks show a curious honeycombed appearance, and the river rolls along in a series of rapids, in a terrific chasm far below. This spot, is known locally as ' the natural bridge.' A mass of fallen rock ob structs the stream,, which at low water can be easily forded here over the b'er-arching rocks. High up in mid air, a broken and partly dis mantled iron flume spans the gorge. It was de signed to carry water across, to some diggings on the other side of -the valley ; but the span was too great, and it was never a success. Now the road crosses ** Soaring Meg.' The name describes- the -torrent.- It comes roaring, tearing, crashing, dashing down the steep, and plunges like a catapult, into the river bed, The force and velocity .must be stupendous, and the impact of so many tons of water at such a speed sends the volume of the Kawarau high in air, tossed in blinding spray, and the mighty buttresses of rock seem to tremble again as the water surges to and fro in their' cavernous re cesses. The swift Kawarau ' staggers, and its waves, swift as tSey are, are for the moment dammed back, and rise as a chargter . preparing for a bound into the thick of the; fray. The point of junction is a hissing hell of fdam — a very Phiegeth'on of fury.. It needs the pen of a master to fitly describe such a 'meeting of the waters ' as this. . , ! . Below this point, and across the foam-filled chasm, we see; .tbJe'..; miners* . liuts on the Gentle Annie claim.- Provisions, arid stores are sent across in a . chair slung to a wire rope stretched across £be jiyer. ?' By -the same dizzy contrivance the wives landchildren'of the district cross and re-cross. The school : children use this contrivance daily.. .. Surely- here, if ^anywhere, we should have .a race', of /women not liable to that mysterious maladyloiown as 'the nerves.' Still farther down- the vyaTley^ giseat beetling rocks riseori;iatib£r'iian4s-and-auiid:their honey combed recessed colonies i/o£ Mug i and white pigeons have taken up their-; opi^rters. Sere we release -our . areseued- ^capfiv-eji^^anji^iwatc^las gladsome, exultant flight, aS.fe .Sejblced M Jtos recovered fteeSom, \ ? : -^::'0-'Ay?v::;:-, '!.'?': -i . '-? -.?'..'??' '?-??:^ There is a ma^nific^td; cataract in the river here for some huridisBdiyayd?.1- Several Chinamen ^e fossiddng _ambng:the ichinks and crannies of ?^eleoio^&lidyit;^js^^ have heaped up forinerly. ? liUlions upon milhans hillsides. ^V-vi^r^'* V';-' .'?.'?.T' '^t'JAt/V^'--:^ r'-^We pass: nbw»' gang ^^ of.m^ ^i^^Materin^ the trafiie.whieh has been interrupted by a terrific land slip caused -by the recent heavy rains. The rdeks here are . rotten and treacherous. The formation is chiefly mica schist, both 'hard and' soft, with beds and layers of slate and phyllite. . A short distance beyond, we reach the deserted Kawarau Gorge township. There was formerly a dense and busy population; but there are only some three houses and a school now standing. The valley now widens out, and away across the river, Jack -points out the cliffs of Bannock burn, where active sluicing is even now. being carried on, and- where some very heavy finds of gold-'have made the place famous. Like mostly all the fields around this district, however^ Ban nockburn is: now getting worked out, and will soph be deserted. Now we rattle on to a broad, flat, sandy plain, a church steeple showing its tip at the far verge ; above which towers a snowy range, and nestling in its shadow is the neat little town of Croin welL . . Cromwell, in common with mostly every town of any importance in New Zealand, can boast of one thing which Sydney with all her magnificence yet laeEs. ' And what is that ?' you may ask. Well, it is simply this : a perfect and plentiful water supply. Its source is in the hills over the river, and the water crosses in great pipes tinder the bridge. There are three banks represented in the town, and a racecourse and hospital testify both to the philanthropic and sporting tendencies of the people. From a lignite pit a few miles out on the plain, good fuel can be procured at 20s per ton. This rather unusual conjunction of coal and gold is common enough on the Otago goldfields. At Cromwell the individuality of the Kawarau becomes merged in that of the Molyneux, and the valley downward is now named the Molyneux Valley ; emblematic this of the gradual absorption of the native in the foreign element. In a hollow by the river, we find the Chinese camp. Of course a gardener is to be found ? in close proximity, and the rocking of several Twining cradles, shows that these industrious and perse vering Asiatics are yet finding payable gold, tho' the more impatient Anglo-Saxon has long since considered the workings ' played out.' The contrast between the green current of the Molyneux and the grey muddy volume of the Kawarau is most striking. AH round the junction of the two streams the country consists of bare grey rugged cliffs and tumbled roeks of a friable materialy which crumbles and flakes under the in fluence of the weather ; and the river carries enormous masses of material with it in its onward course. In fact, New Zealand is a good instance of growth — not merely mental, or political, or com mercial; but physical material growth. Geologists tell us that every year the land encroaches on the sea ; and when we see the rivers at -work we can see the process for ourselves. The valley of the .Molyneux is much wider and more open ; but at this wintry season (May) it is not less bare and desolate-looking than the upper straths and gorges. Clyde is another languishing little town through which we pass. The new bridge on stone piers is a noticable feature. The old one, with four others on the river, were swept away entirely by the great flood of 1878. At- Alexandria, the next township, we find sluicing on a small scale still being practised. A substantial dredge ,is at work in the river bed itself, and the niud-laden Manuhcrikia rolls down its tribute to swell the swift Molyneux. The country here present's a picture of chaotic desolation. The roeks are crumbling and rotting. Everything looks ruinous. Sand and withered thistle stalks seem the prevailing products of the place, and there does not seem even enough herbage to support a rabbit. In *faet, we see numbers of dead ones near the road, and the great convoys of gulls, are the only live aniT^plq -we see. It is a treat from this desolate region to come upon a well-cultivated, well-populated settlement knovra as Spear Grass Flat. It is also called Bald Hill Flat, but as Bald Hill is covered with great brown bunches of spear grass, all but a spot on the crown, the origin of the names is not far 'to seek. On the right the Old Man E≱ lies, gleaming white with drifted snow , Eound one farmstead we count over thirty great stacks. The wheat grown here took- the second prize at the Sydney Exhibition. .???'? Here another curious freak of bird nature came under our observatipn.- A; massive carcase had been slung up by the butcher of the settlement, and perched on it .were dozens of twittering sparrows and tom-tits tearing away at the flesh and regaling themselves right royally. I had often heard the expression, 'A tom-tifc on a round of beef,' as an illustration of an unequal match in size, but here was the real thing itself. At Gorge Creek we dip into the valley down a slippy, muddy decline, very trying to - the poor horses, and change teams at the top of the next rise. The last sixteen miles into Boxburgh is through rocky country and is done in the dark. At Coal Creek Flat there are some famous orchards. The fruit fetches high prices in Dune din. Grapes are grown under glass, and it is amazing to see so little attention paid to such an industry, that more than three-fourths of the fruit consumed in the colony comes from abroad. Flitting lights, twinkling and moving down below near the stream, and others shining with a steady glow, now' apprise us that Boxburgh is in sight. The lights by the river are those of the night shift of miners, busy sluicing their wash dirt while the river is low. Boxburgh is our resting place for the night, and cold and weary we alight, and are glad of the welcome dinner and warm fire which are awaiting us. 