? PASTORAL LETTEtt, FROM THE . AMEBIC AK EPISCOPAL. The fol^wlflig are salient pwsag«s from the Paptprtf letter of A?, Fathers of 'the Tjiird. P^nary Coupoil o| Baltln ' ^ ^^olergjap^ jalty gf ;the ^nlte^ tierrlpg .the.'Pie l.e^gbt'een ye^rs,agQ, : apa V • r p r i f i f i . .... % grest/ex^lrio) oounuy^ndj of the' Churah, o. legislation to prQippte 1 ' opiferi discipline, the Prelates pr6^ 4b isiieak of the danger of infidelity, and to dwelt on the office of St. Peter asthe spokesman of the Church, and on. ^w ioyai^F Df America tothe Holy^See THII 0HVHODl Hlog^okl would .. there v ! 4ujghti|i n tlifc American tn'ftHntioni( ! perfeotdoaUtyfe^'Pl , . of >rtfoihf ^ authority. jfii^W^iitidW i^eotild WWm Apostles apd Hla Church. Nor arethw. in the world more devoted adherer,^ the Catholic Church, the See of j& of add the Vicar of ChrUt than C Catholics of the United StateB. insular, national views and jealoB^il concerning ecclesiastical authority Chnrch organisation may have / pr Z natp rally enough from the selfish noUci of certain rulers, and nations In Wo tlpies ; but they find no • ™ spirit of the true American Cathollr HIB natural Instincts, no lens than hk religious training, would forbid him to submit in matters of faith to the dictation of the State or to any merely hun»n authority whatsoever. He acoepta tha religion and the Church that are from God, and he knows well that these u e universal, not national or local—for all the children of men, not for any epeoia! tribe or tongue. We glory that we tie and, with God's blessing, shall continue to be, not the Amerioan Church, nor the Church of the United StateB, nor a Church In any other sense exclusive or limited but an Integral part of the one holy' Oatholio and ApoBtollc Church of JeBu Christ, whioh is the body of Christ, in whioh there is no distinction of classes and nationalities—in which all are one In Jesua Christ. " THE PRISONER OF THE VATICAN." While the assaults of ! calumny and persecution directed against the Church since the Vatioan Council have abundantly shown how angry the powers of evil have been at the Council's luminous utterances, of divide truth, qqr. Holy Father, the Pope, has been, n^tp^Py enough, the main objects attack. And Divine Providence has been pleased to leave him, for a while, at the mercy of his enemies, in order that < their impfytu violence might work out the demonstration,of its own injustice.; thftt, the (true character and the indeBtraictibility pf.the office of .St. Peter might be made.niBjiifest to the world; that the wisdom,of the Providence which has guided the independence of that office in 'the past might be vindicated and reaffirmed fpr tbe future. The great and beloved Pips IX. died the '* Prisoner of the Vatican," and Leo XIII. has inherited his apostolic trialB, together with his apostolic-office. Day after day he has seen the consecrated psitrimony of religipn and charity 8we[)t into Caesar's, coffers byjthe ruthless,hv?d of 8polibtion and confiscation. At this moment, he aeea tbat same graipJaid npon the.property of the Propaganda, pionsly set apart for, spreading the Gospel'of Jesus Christ, throughout the missionary countries of the world. So ^ntterjiy unjustifiable an aot has called forth a cry of indignant, protest froni t^»e Cattjolics of all.oountrieB, and fronit/po country. h^B. the pry gone fort^i clewer and, louder than from our- own., thank our Government for the. apiipn that saved the, Ameri.oan, College from confiscation; and we hope that the protest,'apd appeal of all government! and peoples that "love justice eai hate iniqpity'' may yet. slianie the spoiler into honefty. Meanw;hile the hearts of all Catholics, go, but all the more lovingly towards their persecuted ohlef pastor; and from, their wotl^ly means, be they, abundant it scanty, they gladly supply him with the means, necessary for oarrymg on the admin^stralipn of his high .office. SaohjbiM been your liberality in the past, bejoy^d bret^rep, th^t. we hardly need, e^iort you to generosity in the collection tor the Holy Father, w:faich will continue to be made annually throughout all the dioceses of tfo country, liet yonr devoted W^ecltion be shbwn ^y' your deeds, .and th^ persistency; of lDjustic^ be More mfttoW by ihe cpnjrtanoy of your ; faithful and generous lovis. THE FOFB AMD AMERICA. ,, thft enprgar^ the present of the p^th, jthe JBiqhopg pontinue;^ . But in all the wide circle Jof his grMt responsibility, the progress of the inthese United Stains forms. in'a speteal manner^ tobjeA of solicitude tp< the Holy Fathfr- With loving Paire his prefl«^dr8%aftcn*d (and,,. enoouraged T hg^ firpt f^l#t jbep n - ings. They obeered and /ostered, her development in the pure atmocpiuere of reedom, whoa the name of OarrpU shone with equal lustre at tiie bead of heroewborn hierarchy, and on the *oll of oufftry'.s pa Wots.' Step by step they eeted'her progress, as with inarr^#* rapidity,the clergy, and the didoesef ha - - mpllapired; thelundr^ds oi increaaed to. tltopM^i^ ^ dmrohes,«ph Mi' iTia^nmityij. overadthe land with?fcbmea ,of di*ifs truth «md&)Ghriatian diarity. < Hot f» S^ftbp.o! ^dfiS^^^W'MOd « we iure readied we must «xdaim: ••"Bjp' astonf thing development, 4rom tbe ^ beginnings of pioneer missionary toil, along the nearer and nearer approaches to the beauteoussymmetry of ( tbe Church's perfect organisation, the advance so gradual yet so rapid has been safely {raided in the lines of Catholic and Apostolic tradition, by the combined efforts and wisdom of onr local hierarchy and of the successors of St. Peter. It was in order to take counsel with the concerning the important interests of religion in this conntry that the Holy Fathe£ last year, invited the Archbishops of'the United States to Borne. And the dbject of 'the present council is to pat intopraotical shape the means of religious improvement then resolved upon or suggested. EDUCATION AND THB P&IE8THOOD.; One of onr first cares bas been to provide ,for the more perfect education of aspirants to the holy priesthood. It haB always been the! Church's endeavour that her clergy should be eminent in learning. For she has always considered that nothing less than this is required by their sacred office of guarding and dispensing divine truth. " The lips of the priest 1 shall keep knowledge," says the Most High, " land the people shall seek the law at his month." This is true in all times; for no advance in secular knowledge, no diffusion of popular education* can do -away with the office of the teaching ministry, which Our Lord has declared shall last for ever. In flvery age it is and shall be the duty of God's priests to proclaim the salutary truths whioh our Heavenly Father has given to the world throngh His Divine Son ; to present them to each generation in the way that 1 will move their minds and hearts to embrace and love them : to defend them, when necessary, against every attack of error. From this it is obvious that the priest should have a wide acquaintance with every department of learning that has a bearing on religious truth. Hence in our age, when so many misleading theories are put forth on every side, when every department of natural truth and fact is aotively explored for objections against revealed religion, it is evident how extensive and thorough should be the knowledge of the'minister of the Divine Word that he -may be able to show forth worthily the 'beauty, the superiority, the necessity of the Christian religion; and to: prove that there is liotbiog in.alitbat God has made to contradiot'anything "that God has taugfat. Htece the priest who has the noble ambition to attaiik^o the high level of his holy office may well consider ' himself a student alibis life; and of the leisure hours which he ban find amid the duties of his ministry, he will have very few that he can spare for miscellaneous .reading, and none at all to waste. And hence, too, the evident duty devolving on us to see that the course of education in our ecclesiastical colleges and semiri aries be as perfect as it can be made. At present our improved clroumstances make it practicable both to lengthen and widen the oourse of study, and for this the Council has duly-provided. .'. ' FLOTILOITIRDE FOTT THE CLEBGY. Nodmall pbttibn of our attention has 'been' btatow&d; on the framing of such legislation aB will best secure the rights and interests of your pastors, and of all tanks of the clergy in this country. It is but natural, beloved brethren, that the first and dearest object of our solicitude should be our venerable clergy. They are our dearest brethren, bound to us by ties more sacred than those of flesh and blood. Our elevation to a ,higher offioe only draws them to us mortolosely, since their happiness and welfare are thereby made the first object of our responsibility, and since upon their devoted labours must mainly depend the welfare of the souls entrusted to our charge. "We need not tell you, beloved brethren, hoyr /a'dimrably they fulfil their sacred trast. c ; "Ton are witnesses totheir lives of toil 'iuicl saorifioe. And, to them we can truly say in the worcht bf St Paul, " Ton are onr glory and our joy." The tights of the clergy have reference chiefly to thelr exercising the eaored ministry in their missions, to the fixity of their tenure of office, and to the inviolableness of their pastoral authority within proper limits. It Is the spirit of the Church that the various grades of authority in her organisation should in no wise be in rivalry or conflict, but orderly Mid harmonious. This, she has secured ? by her "wise laws, band npon the experience of notaries, and representing the perfection of Church organisation. It is «»viotu ttat inoonntries likeour own, vfi^V^Mu^intaiiiieatiry beginnings, 1 Itttttfly ^pto Wt 1 l i p n d organisation fa onlygradnally adlumft' 1 towards r - perfeiJtioo, 'the full' 1 W t e tmt inproportion as,tiwbwma praofac- a Mm,.it is artless than that h tftro^IXfy^tfvtoa* they should go a fatoeff^ForwehavetMfullertoon- i ^ws fatfaeyffiom wife wbio}> l tbe t towards perfect organisation in the portion of the vineyard over whioh we have jurisdiction. This has been to some degree accomplished by regulations enacted during recent years, and still more by degrees of the present Council. : WHAT MAKES A HAPPY PASTOR. But while it is our desire to do all on our part that both justice and affection can prompt^ for fully securing all proper rights and privileges to our priests, let ns remind you, beloved brethren, that on your conduct must their happiness chiefly depend. A grateful and pious flock is sure to make a happy pastor. But if the people do not respond to their pastor's ml, if they are cold and ungrateftd and disedifying, then indeed is his lot sad and pitiable. Since, therefore, the priests of God leave all things to devote themselves to your spiritual Welfare, show by your affection, by your co-operation with their efforts for your spiritual improvement, and even by your Care for their physical comfort, that you appreciate their devotedness and the reoiprooal obligation which it imposes. Look upon your priests as your befit friends, your trustiest advisers, ybdr surest guides. If duty sometimes calls npon them to admonish or rebuke you, remember that the reproof is meant for your good, and take it in the spirit in which it is given. And if perchance they have to speak to you oftener than is pleasant about ohurch finances and the demands of charity, understand that it must be at least as disagreeable to them as it; is to you; that it is not for themselves, but for the needs of the parish church or eohool, which are intended for your benefit, or of the parish poor, who are yoor charge, that they have to plead; and that, while they are to bear in mind the advisability of speaking of money as seldom as possiblp, yon must be mindful to make your generosity equal to the need, and thereby save both your pastors and yourselves the painful necessity of frequent appeals. CHUBCH PROPERTIES AND DEBTS. And here we deem it proper to say a few words concerning church properties and churoh debts. The manner of holding the legal title to these properties Is different in different places, acoording to the requirements of looal civil laws ; but whether the title be held by. the bishop, or by boards of diocesan or parish trustees, it always remains true that the properties are held in trust for the Church for the benefit of the people. One generation buys or builds, another generation Improves .and . adorns, and each generation uses, and transmits for' the of others yet to oomie—bishops and priests having the burHen of the administration and being sacredly responsible for its faithful performance. In the discharge of this duty it often becomes necessary to contract churoh debts. Where the multiplication of the Catholic population has been so rapid, rapid work had to be done in ^erecting churches and schools. And if, under suoh circumstances, pastors had to wait till all the funds were in hand before beginning the work, a generation would be left without necessary spiritual aids, and might be lost to the Church and to God. : We fully; appreciate, beloved brethren, how strictly we are bound to prevent the contraction of debts without real neoessltyj' and this we have endeavoured to secure by careful legislation ; still, despite all our efforts it must inevitably happen that the burden imposed on UB by our gigantic task of providing for the spiritual wants of the present and rising generation will always be heavy, and will weigh npon us all. But the special providenoe of God towards our country, whioh has made the work and the need so great, has never failed hitherto to inspire our people with a zeal equal to the demand. After setting forth the principles of hristian Education the Pastoral. roceeds: .. SCHOOLS. Tiro objeots, therefore, dear brethren, 4 e have in view, to multiply our schools, i nd to perfect them. We most multiply hem,-nil .every Catholic child in the aodshaUhave. withinitsreeoh the eans of education. There is still much o be done ere this is attained. There re still thousands of Catholic children n the. United States deprived of the enefit of a Catholic school. Pastors nd parents ehpold not rest" till tjhis efect lt>e remedied; No parish isoomlete till it has schools adequate to fbe eeds of it* children, and the jnitor and people of such a parish should feel that - they have not accomplished their entice uty until the want is supplied. Bat hen, we iaust also perfect W eofcobts. e repudiate the ideatbatthe Gatholio ohool need be in any respect inferior to. ny other school whatsoever^ And if 1 itherto, in-some places, our people have cted oo tin'prfnciple Hiat' it Is better to Mm w^li^MEifHtHOaaiolio stfieoltbeh 'limb'iMifclet p rtfa ttiam^ntnr^nsh&eir; etai-turttir,>ma ' NflWaPStfr Mtatels 4 be elevated to the highest educational excellence. And we implore parents not to hasten to take their children from school, but to give tbem all the time and all the advantages that they have the capacity to profit by, so that, in after life, their children may " rise up and call them blessed." THE CHRISTIAN HOME. We need hardly remind you, beloved brethren, that while home life would not, as a rule, be suffioien tto supply the absence of good or counteract the action of dangerous influences in the school, it is equally true that all that the Christian school could accomplish would be inadequate without the co- operation of the Christian home. Christian schools sow the seed, but Christian homes must first prepare the soil, and afterwards foster the seed and bring it to maturity. The pervading atmosphere of the Christian home should be Christian charity—the love of God and of the neighbour. It should be the ambition and stndy of Christian parents to make their home a sanctuary, in which no harsh or angry, no indelioate or profane word should be uttered—in which truth, unselfishness, self-control Bhould be carefully cultivated, in which the thought of God, the desire to please God should be, sweetly and naturally, held before the children as their habitual motives. From the home sanotuary the inoense of prayer should ascend as a most sweet morning and evening sacrifice to the Lord. How beautiful and rich in blessings is the assembling of parents and children for morning and evening prayer I Our hearts are filled with consolation when, in the oourse of onr pastoral visits, we meet families in whioh this holy practice is faithfully observed. In suoh families we are sure to find proofs of the special benediotions of heaven. Faith, religion, and virtue are there fostered to luxuriant growth, and final perseverance almost assured. We earnestly exhort all parents to this salutary custom. And if it be not always feasible in the morning, at least every evening, at a fixed hour, let the entire family be assembled for night prayers, followed by a short reading from the Holy Soriptures, the Following of Christ, or some other pious book. BEADING. Let the adornments of home be chaste apd holy pictures, and, still more, sound, interesting, and profitable books. No indelicate representation should ever be tolerated in a Christian home. Artistic merit in the work is no excuse for the danger thus presented. A child ought not to be subjected to temptation by, its own parents, and in its own home. Bat let the walls be-beautified with what will keep the inmates in mind of our Divine Lord, and of, His. Saints, and with such other pictures of the great and the good as will be incentives to civic and religions virtae. The same remark applies equally to books and periodicals. Not only should the immoral, the vulgar, the sensational novel, the indecently-illustrated newspaper, and publications tending to weaken faith in the religion and the Churoh of Jesus Christ, be absolutely excluded from every. Christian home, but the dangerously exalting and morbidly emotional—whatever, in a word, is calculated to impair or lower the tone of faith or morals in the youthful mind and heart should be carefully banished. To booka as well as to associations may be applied the wise saying : "Show me your company and I will tell you what you See, then, that none but good books and newspapers, as well as none but good companions, be admitted to your homes. Train your ohildren to a love of history and biography. Inspire them with the ambition to become well acquainted with the history and doctrines of the Church. We should be glad to see thoroughly solid and/popular works on these important subjects from able Catholic writers become more numerous. Teach your children to take a special interest in the history pf our ojni country. We consider the establishment of our country's independence, the shaping of its liberties Mid .laws, as a work of speoial Providence, its fr&mers; ' building wiser than they knew," the Almighty's hand guiding them. And if ver the glorious fabric is subverted or mpaired it will be by men forgetful of the sacrifices of the heroes that reared it, he virtues that cemented it, and the rinciples op whioh it nets, or ready to aorifioe principles and virtae to, the nterests of sell or party.' As we desire, herefore, that the history of the United tates should be carefully taught in , all ur Gatholio sohocds, and hsvedireoted hai it be specially dwelt upon fa the dttoation of the young ecclesiastical tudents in our pnpanttty semiharief, o, also, we desire that it'form »favourite art of the home Sbrsry and'Wot' affing. Wemnstfc«^> €nn aoS he liberties of onr ootmtry Iqr ~ iesh the ndblemmories^df' nd thus ames intothe THB HOLY SCRIPTURES. . But it can hardly be necessary for as to remind you, beloved brethren, that the most highly-valued treasure of every family library, and the most frequently and lovingly made use of, should be the Holy Scriptures. Doubtless yon have often read A'Kempis' burning thanksgiving to our Lord for having bestowed on us not only the adorable treasure of His Body in the Holy Eucharist, but also that of thrHody Scriptures, "the Holy books, for . the comfort and direction of our life." And you have before your eyes, prefixed to the Donay version of the Holy Bible, the exhortation of Pope Pius the Sixth in his letter to the Archbishop of Florence, that " the faithful should be moved to the reading of the Holy Scriptures; for these," he says, " are most abundant sources which ought to be left open to everyone to draw from them purity of morals and of doctrine, to eradicate the errors which are so widely disseminated in these corrupt times." And St, Paul declares that " what things soever were written, were written for our learning; that throngh patience and the comfort of the Scriptnres we might have hope." We hope that no family can be found amongst us without a correct version of the Holy Soripture. THE CATHOLIC PRESS. Finally, Christian parents, let us beg your earnest consideration of this important truth, that npon you, singly and individually, must practioally depend the solution of the question whether or- toot the Catholic Press is to accomplish- the great work which Providence and the Churoh expect of it at this time. So frequently and so foroibly has the providential mission of the Press been dwelt upon by Popes and Prelates and distinguished Catholic writers, and so assiduously have their utterances been quoted and requoted everywhere, that no one certainly stands in need of arguments to be convinced of this truth. But all this will be only words In the air unless it can be brought home to each parent and made practical in each household. If the head of each Catholio family will recognise it as his privilege and his duty to contribute towards supporting the Catholic Press, by subscribing for one or more Catholic periodicals, and keeping himself well acquainted with the information they impart, then the Catholio Press will be sure to attain to its rightful development and to accomplish Its destined mission. THE LORD'S DAY. There are many sad faots in the experience of nations whioh we may well store up as lessons of practical'^wisdom. Not the least important of these' is the fact that one of the surest marks and measures of the decay of religion is a people is their non-observance' of the Lord's Day. In travelling through some European countries, a Christian's heart is pained by the almost unabated rush of toil and traffic on Sunday. First, grasping avarice thought it could not afford, to spare the day to God; then unwise government, yielding to the pressure of Mammon, relaxed the laws which for many centuries had guarded the day's sacredness—forgetting that there are certain fundamental principles which ought not to be sacrificed to popular caprice or greed; and when, as usually happens, neglect of religion had passed, by lapse of time, into hostility to religion, this growing negleot of the Lord's Day was easily made use of as a, means to bring religion itself into contempt. The Churoh mourned, protested, struggled, but was almost powerless to resist the combined forces of popular avarice and Ceasar's Influence arrayed on the side of irreligion. The result is the lamentable desecration which all Christians must deplore. And the' consequences of this desecration are as manifest as the desecration itself; The Lord's Day is the poor man's day of rest; it has been taken from hlm^—and the labouring classes are a seething volcano of social discontent. The Lord's Day Is the home day, drawing closer the sweet domestic ties, by giving the toiler a day with wife and children; but it has been turned Into a day of labour—and home ties are fast losing their sweetness and their hold. The Lord's Day is title church day, and consecrating the bond cf' hood among all men,'by th^r nwaog together aronnd the aters dftiretoe Father in heaven; tott'intoi'' away from this bleeseS'L- . Saints, and,as a ns£q& they are lured into the- counterfeit com munion of Socialism, and other wild and destructive systems. 'Ift r there. ^yiiiwiliiPiillg work to " iar clamom* for larger liberty do« not come ; go touch from those who desire the . convenience or the amusement at from \- those who hope to enrich themselves by • supplying it. We earnestly appeal, therefore, to all Catholics, without dis- : tinotion, not only to t^ke no part in any . movement tending towards a relaxation «f the observance of Sunday, but to use their influence and power as citizens to resist in the opposite direction. tbhhebasob. And here It behoves us to remind our working.men, the bone and sinew of the people and the specially beloved children of the Church, that, if they wish to observe Sunday as they ought, they must keep away from drinking places on Saturday night. . Carry your wages home to yonr families, where they rightfully belong. .Turn a' deaf ear, therefore, to every temptation, and then Sunday will be a bright day for all the family. How much fatter this than to make it a day of sin for yourselves, and of gloom and wretchedness for your homes/ by a Saturday night's folly or debauch. No wonder that the Prelates of the Second Plenary Council declared that "the most shocking soandals which we have to deplore spring from intemperance." No wonder that they gave a special approval to the zeal of those who, the better to avoid excess, or in order to give good example, pledge themselves to total abstinence. Like them we Invoke a blessing on the cause of Temperanoe,and on all who are labouring for its advancement in a true Christian spirit. Let the exertions of our Catholic Temperance societies meet with the hearty cooperation of pastors and people, and not . only will they go far towards strangling the monstrous evil of intemperance, but they will also put a powerful check on the desecration of the Lord's Day, and on the evil influences now striving for its total profanation. FORBIDDENBOOEETCES. .One of the most striking characteristics of our times is the universal tendency to band together in societies for the promotion of all sorts of purposes, This tendency is the natural outgrowth of an age of popnlar rights and repre' sentative institutions. It is also in accordance with the spirit of the Chnrch, whose. um, as indicated by her name, Catholic, is to unite all mankind in brotherhood. It is consonant also with the spirit of Christ, who came to break down all walls of division, and to gather iall in the one family of the one heavenly Father. But there are few good things which have not. their counterfeits, and few tendencies which have not their dangers. Thus our Holy Father, Leo XIII.,, has lately shown that the Iconic,and kindred societies—although the offspring, of the ancient Guilds, which aimed at sanctifying trades and tradesmen with tbe blessings of religion; and although retaining, perhapB, in their'Vritual" much that tells of the religiousness of their origin; and although in some countries still professing entire friendliness towards the Christian Religion—have, • vu t >vu—<ia,y, nevertheless, IWKI1.U.IO., already -""--J gone so far in many countries as to array themselves -in avowed hostility against Christianity, and against the Cathojio Church as . Its embodiment; that they virtually aim at substituting a world-wide fraternity of their own, for the universal brotherhood of Jesus Ohrlst, and jgt,&|ssemtnating mere Naturalism for the Supernatural revealed religion berto^red upon mankind by the "Saviour, of the world. The Church, consequently, forbids her children to have any connection with such' Societies, because they ate either an open evil to be Bhunned, or a idden danger to be avoided.' She would fall in her duty if she did not speak the word of warning, and her children wonld equally bil in theirs if they did not hied „ . GA2H0LIC SOCIETIES, v. It is not enough for Catholics to shun bad or dangerous societies; they ought to take part in good and useful ones. If iheye.ever was a timewhen merely negative goodness would not suffice, «uoh assuredly - iJ9 the age in whiob<we ljve. This Is Jpre-eminently an age of action, and wh^t .ye need to-day is , active virtue jandenergetio piety. Again and againhas the voice of the Vioar of Cb|ist been heard, giving approval and fumniMpgnent to many lands of Catholio jsasQOiHfaOM, notonly as a .safeguard against ifcie' allurements of dangerouB \- aotielaea, opt alio, as a powerful means of*ocomplishing mndhof tits, good that our, times alma in need of. Mot only ahould the Pastors of the Chnrch be JKRT& ..at wai^! In building . np " the 'theiabernacleofGod of the Sacred Heart of Jesus, of the Blessed Sacrament, and of the Blessed Virgin. Next come the/varions associations for works of Christian zeal and charity; the Society for the Propagation of the Faith, and the Holy Childhood, than which there are none more deserving; societies for the support of Catholio eduoation; Christian doctrine societies for the work of Sundayschools; societies for improving the condition of the poor, among whioh stands pre-eminent the Society of St. Vincent de Paul; church-debt societies; societies for supplying poor churches with vestments and other altar requirements; local sanotuuij societies; and other methods of uniting the efforts of the people of the parish for useful and holy purposes. Then there are associations for the cheoklng of Immorality, prominent among which are our Catholic temperanoe societies. These should be encouraged and aided by all who deplore tbe scandal given, and the spiritual ruin wrought, by intemperance. We likewise consider as worthy of particular encouragement association* for the promotion of healthful social union amonp Catholics, and especially those whose aim is to guard our Catholio young men against dangerous influences, and to supply them with the means of innocent amusement and mental culture. It is obvious that our young-men are exposed to the greatest dangers, and therefore need the most abundant help. Henoe, in the spirit of our Holy Father Leo XIII., we desire to see the nnmber of thoroughly Catholio and well organised associations for their benefit greatly increased, especially in our large cities; we exhort pastors to consider the formation and careful direction of suoh socle' ties as one of their most important duties; and we appeal to our young men to put to good profit the best years of their lives by banding together, under the direction of their pastor, for mutual improvement and encouragement in the paths of faith and virtue. HOME Aim FOSEION MISSIONS. The duties of a Christian begin with his own household and his own parish, but they do not end there. The charity and seal in his heart must be like that in the heart of the Church, whose very name is Catholio —like that in the heart of Christ, who " died for all men and gave Himself a redemption for all." The Divine commission to the Ohuroh stands for ever: " Go teaoh all nations; preach the Gospel to every creatureand everyone who desires the salvation of sonls should yearn for its fulfilment, and consider it a privilege to take part in its realisation. Hitherto we have had to strain every nerve in order to carry on the missions of our own country, and we were unable to take any important part in aiding the missions abroad. But we must beware lest our local burdens should make our eeal narrow and unoatholio. There are hundreds of millions of souls in heathen lands to whom the light of the Gospel has not yet been carried, and their condition appeals to the charity of every Christian heart. Among onr own Indian tribes, for whom we have a speaial responsibility, there :are atill many thousands in the same darkness of heathenism^ and the missions among our -thousands of 1 Catholio Indians must equally look to our charity for maintenance. Moreover, ont of the six millions of our Coloured population there is a very large multitude who stand sorely in need of Christian instruction and missionary labour; and It is evident that in the poor dioceses in' which they are mostly found it is most diffioult to bestow on them'the care they need without the generous co- operation of our Catholio people in more prosperous localities. We have therefore urged the establishment of the Society for the Propagation of the Faith in every parish in which it is not yet erected, and also ordered a collection to be made yearly In all the dioceses for the foreign missions, and the missions among our Indians and nejgroes.- We have done this through a deepsense of duty, and^we trust that our noble-hearted people will not regard it as a burden imposed on them, but as an opportunity presented to them of cooperating in a work whioh mast be specially dear to the heart of our Divine Saviour. &AST; WOBOS. These are the leading matton, venerable, and beloved brethren^ which have engaged our attention during thls ooundL The objects of onr deliberation* have been die aame thathave oopupled the energies of the faerpaatora ever, since the namely, the God, the ~ Chrirt. th aWP*S llgum. intended to impdsebnrdenh or limitations upon you, but, on the contrary, to enlarge and secure to you "the liberty of the children of G<d." The path of duty and virtue is clearly marked and pointed out, not to restrain your freedom, but that yon may journey safely ; that you may live wisely and virtuously; that you may have happiness temporal and eternal. And uow we write you these things that you may be partners in our solicitude, that every heart may ay out, "Thy Kingdom come;" thai every hand maybe active in establishing and extending it. Aooept with willing and loving minds these lessons, which spring from hearts full of love for you, and entirely consecrated to your service. Give joy to us and to our Divine Lord by putting them faithfully in practice. And may the blessing of Almighty God, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, descend upon you abundantly, and abide with you for ever. Given at Baltimore, in the Plenary Council, on the 7th day of December, in the year of Our Lord 1884, In his own name and in the name of all the Fathers, J amis Gibbons, Archbishop of Baltimore and Apostollo Delegate. 