SPORTING. "BY CENTAUR' Elsternwick Park was visited last Saturday afternoon by a large number of people, who must have thoroughly enjoyed themselves, the only drawback being the late HIour at which visitors eot to their homes. This could be easily improved by having one race less on the programme, which would not affect the attendance, them majority of racegoers being satisfied with six events for an afternoon's sport. Tile racing was fair, with the exception of the trot, which was anone horse show. The five furlong IHandicap was a throw in for the ring, a rank outsider in Seaweed winninig, with the favourite third. The Hurdle Race, through horses bolting, baulking and falling, resulted in thatvery moderate performer, Angler, getting home first. The first Selling Race was won by Stonebroke, which, 1 think, was his maiden victory. Deceiver won the Steeplechase comfortably, if Hector had stood up the result might have been different, the rider of Our Boy deserves credit forgetting this brute safely round the course, although lie couldn't do his mount justice at the finish. The half mile Selling race was an easy thing. for Never Mind Her, those backers who thought the distance would suit .Little King.better than five. furlongs evidently forgot that it niight:seuitPthe-: mare better too. The last race before the start was considered to be between two, Acolyte pulling through with very little to spare, if Flanagan had reserved the runhe made from the entrance gate to the corner, until he got in the straight his mount would in my opinion, have won. The second day of the Geelong meeting takes place to.morrow, I fancy Anglesey, Acolyte or Little Sister for the Handicap, Denmark or Struggler for Steeple, Silver King or The Baron fcr Produce Stakes and Amelia Victoria, Acolyte or The Bey .for Ladies Bracelet. The weights for Australian Cup, New market Handicap, saw, the light on Monday afternoon, and the usual criticisms passed for andagainst the Handicaps. Not to be ont of the fashion, I should select the following as best in, naming them as they appear on the list, for the New market Handicap. Malua, Le Grand, Mozart, Coningsby, Dirk Batterdik, Topaz, The Ghost, Meander, Claptrap, St. John, Xantippe, and Leporello, and for the Australian Cup-Lo Grand, Off Color, Coriolanus, Kit Nubbles, Hilltop, Ring wood, and Sheet Anchor. =?-.==,ffi:-=-?--+.:-? + 7 . 