THE NORTHERN STAR. SATURDAY, MAY 23, 1885. Local and General News DEEDS. - It is notified that the following Deeds of Grant are now ready for delivery at the Land Offices, upon payment of the usual fees, - Alcock, Denis, Town Casino, 2 ; Alcock Timothy, ditto, 1 ; Beswick, Thomas, parish South Ballina, 1 ; Butcher, John L., parish Tuckombil, 1 ; Betteridge, Jas. H. E., and others, parish Tuckombil, 1 ; Byrne, George town Casino, 1 ; Carter, Ernest, and others town Wardell, 1 ; Cosgriff, Patrick, town Casino 1 ; Cosgriff, Sarah E., ditto, 1 ; Crommelin Charles E., ditto, 4 ; Crouch, Frederick G. ditto, 2 ; Cumming, Alexander, ditto, 4 ; Carter Ernest and others, town Wardell, 2 ; Davis Irvine, parish Lismore, 1 ; Elvery, William R. pariah Tuckombil, 1 ; Elliott, Granville M. town Casino, 4 ; Fanning, William, and another parish Wooroowoolgan, 1 ; Frost, James W., town Casino, 3; Garvan, Callaghan ,F. town Lismore, 1 ; Glynn, Kate, town Casino,. 2 ; Graham, Robert, and others, parish Meer- schaum, 2 ; Joseph, Samuel, town Casino, 2 ; Kelly, Godfrey E., and another, village Bruns- wick, 3; Lincoln, George, .parish Rous ; Love day, Henry B., town Casino, 3; Mcllfatrick Jas. T., parish Lismore ; Municipality of Casino town Casino, 2; Mackinnon, James A., and another, parish Tuckombil, 2 ; Murray, Chas. E. R., parish Ballina, 1 ; McDougall, James B., town Casino, 2 ; Madden, Elizabeth, ditto, 1 ; Mobbs, Annie, ditto, 1; Mobbs, Walter T. ditto, 2 ; O'Connor, James, at Coraki, 1 ; Par- rish, Ann, parish Terranora, 1 ; Page, Herbert C. J., town Casino, 1 ; Scheibel Ernest, parish Coraki, 1 ; Sheen, William, parish Lismore, 1 ; Skarratt, Albert J., town Casino, 1. PARISH MAPS.- It is notified that the follow- ing Maps are for sale (1s. each), at the Land Offices named, - Parishes of Antimony and Jenny Lind, county of Buller ; parishes of Babyill, Dryaaba, Findon, Mummulgan, Toon- umbar, and Worendo, county of Rous - Land Office, Casino. Parishes of Gooninbar and Tyalgum, county of Rous- Land Office, Mur- willumbah, Tweed River. RESERVES.- In a List published in the Gov- eminent Gazette of the 14th. Instant, it is not- fled that Timber cut upon those Reserves is sub- ject to License Fees, payment of Royalty, and the conditions specified in the State Forest Re- gulations, Nos. 5 to 19, of 2nd January, 1885 or in Regulations Nos. 21 to 28, applying to the Timber Reserves under Class A.- County of Drake and Richmond. Parishes of Pickapene Alice, Coongbar, Ulyon, and Busby. No. 379 Area-1 0,365 acres. County Richmond, Parish Tatham. 45a Tatham. 640 acres. Ditto. West Coraki and Ellangowan. 625, Coraki. 5400 acres. Ditto. Ellangowan and Dark. 974 Nandabah. 3700 acres. Raleigh. Unkya 70, Unkya, 3200 acres. Rous. 38. Six is- lands in Richmond River, and 22 islands in Tweed River, 2360 acres. Ditto, North Lismore and Dunoon, 249, 24,260 acres. Ditto, Nul- lum, 250, Tweed River, 22,400 acres. Ditto ditto, 251, Macpherson's Range, 56,320 acres Ditto, North Casino, 255, 2,560 acres. Ditto Terrania, 256, Cinders, 396 acres. Ditto, Cud- pen, 257, Cudgen, 616 acres. Ditto, Newribar 258 Broken Head, 1,280 acres. Ditto, in Tweed River, 335, Stotts Island, 350 acres. INSOLVENT COURT.- At a sittings on Wednes- day last, before the Chairman and Mr. J. Baine, J.P., a debt was proved in the estate of James Moore, viz., David Jones and Co., £23. Mr. Allingham appeared for the Insolvent. TRANSFER.- At the Court Sittings, on Wed- nesday last, Mr. Allingham applied for the transfer of the license of the Bexhill Hotel, but it was ordered to stand over till next Court day, sufficient notice not having been given. ELECTORAL ROLLS.- At the Revision Court, held on the 7th instant, before J. Barrie, Esq., J.P., and Magistrates, 9 new names were added to the Rolls, and 4 struck off from death, &c.;, making some 1286 electors now on the roll in the Electoral District of Lismore, showing that our population gives a steady increase, as multi- plied by 4 gives a total population of over 5,000 souls in and around Lismore, exclusive of Casino and the Lower Richmond River District generally. GAS.- The 'Clarence Examiner ' says, the illuminating of the local gas is equal to 19 candles, that is- a gas burner, consuming 5 cubic feet of gas por hour, throws off a light equal in intensity to 19 sperm candles. [And yet, we presume, that there are persons to be found at Grafton, as at Lismore, who advocate a return to the dark ages. - -Ed. 'Star.'] ORANGE CULTURE.- The Department of Lands, Wellington, New Zealand, has cour- teously forwarded us a Practical Handbook on Orange Culture in Auckland, New Zealand. The book, which contains some 76 pages, and ap- pears to contain very much useful information upon the above subject, and we purpose making extracts therefrom as opportunity permits,- the more especially as our New Zealand friends appear to suffer from the same troubles, in the cultivation of their orange trees that we do in this colony, although we are glad to find that they have been very successful jin the growth of this useful fruit, so far. ROADS.- It is notified that the following ten- ders have been accepted,- M. Clancy- Contract 3-o, Road from Byangum to Queensland Border £318. M. Clancy- Contract 8-o, - Road from Byangum to Queensland Border. £329. Thos. Glynn- Contract 8-o, Road from Cross Roads to Ballina, £393 5s. FISH OH !- We had a treat last week, in the shape of some splendid samples of Sea Mullet bought from a person selling the same along the Ballina road. The person in question had a wagon-full, and stated that he had been unable to sell them in Lismore, but we think, judging by the way they were selling alone the road that he did not take many back. Of course it may be a slur on Tom, Dick, and Harry, but we pity the people who could pass by such dainties, which were as fresh as "caller herrin, and bonnie, fresh, and whossome, just caught fra the sea." It is stated that fish are food for the brain, and hence it is, we presume, that we are rather going off in our writing forte, and envy our Ballina contemporary, who, when slack of work, or short of ideas, can save money and secure health, by hauling up gold and sil- ver fish out of the waters running before his door. Seriously speaking, however, it is a pity that our fish supply here is not more assured than it is at present, as with tons of fish close beside us, only waiting to be caught, we are too often forced to eat tinned fish, and run the risk of being poisoned. We wonder if anyone in the district sells smoked fish, and why our Ballina friends do not go into the fish pre- serving line, as one of the sea mullet we had on the occasion above stated, was worth all the tinned fish that we have ever eaten, and we have a weakness for fish and oysters. ATHLETIC SPORTS.- As has been notified in our advertising columns for some time past, the sporting public will have a splendid opportunity of passing Monday next (Queen's Birthday), in a very enjoyable manner by patronising the sports to be held at Cottee's Paddock, where a long and attractive programme will be gone through. We notice that the promoter of these sports has spared no trouble to make the ground what every athlete desires, in first class order being the best running ground in the district at the present. Conveyances will ply to the ground during the day, and the Lismore Band will also be present, so that there will be plenty of amusement for the thousand. TENDERS.- Closing on the 16th June, an invited for the construction of a Timber Jetty, at Byron Bay, and the erection of a Shed or Lismore wharf. Plans can be seen at.the Court House, Lismore. SUPPOSED MURDER.- A Wardell Corres- pondent informs us that as the puntman at War- dell (Mr. F. Robins), was pulling the punt across the river on Tuesday morning last, he noticed something foul of the wire rope, not far from the punt, and nearly on the top of the water, and pulling it towards him, found on examination, that it was the body of a man, the head and shoulders and body, down to the waist, were covered with a bag, and another bag with about a 1cwt of stone in it, was fastened to one of his legs. It was supposed to be the body of a man named James Ramsay ; but from the letter from our Wardell corres- pondent, appearing in another column,. it will be found that the body has not been identified, although there is no doubt, but that a foul murder has been perpetrated. CORAKI REGATTA.- We.hear that the Annual Regatta, at the above rising township, on Mon- day next, promises to be a great success- there being full entries for the various events to be competed for, and the weather being fine, there should be a large attendance. APPEAL COURT.- We have been requested to state that in consequence of the pressure of business at the Court House, Lismore, on Wed- nesday, the 27th Instant, the Appeal Court will not sit until Wednesday, the 3rd June ; and the Council Clerk will receive Notices of Appeal up to Wednesday, the 27th. Instant. SOCIAL GATHERING.- As a fitting sequel to the late Municipal Election one of the success- ful candidates (Alderman J. McLennan), in- vited his friends and supporters to a social gathering at Paulson's Commercial Hotel, on Tuesday evening last, when some 40 gentlemen sat down to a repast that was provided with Host Paulson's well-known liberality and skill as a caterer. The ' chair was taken by Alderman McLennan, supported on his right by the Mayor (Mr. Barrie), and Ald. Allingham ; and on his left by Mr. G. Larkin and Ald. A. Currie. The vice-chair was taken by Ald. Bernstein, supported by Mr. Bray, P.M., and amongst the gathering could be seen many old and influential residents, who do not often appear at public gatherings. Ample justice having been done to the good things provided, champagne was uncorked; and speechifying being the order of the day, the chairman pro- posing "The Queen"; and Capt. Postans (ss.Coraki), "Prosperity to the District," which was responded to by Messrs. J. E. Glasgow and D. Harley, sen. Mr. G. Larkin proposed "Success to Municipal Institutions," to which the Mayor and Ald. Bernstein, responded. Mr. A. J. Simpson then proposed the health of the "Host" (Alderman McLennan), which was drank with the usual musical honors, and responded to by the gentleman named. Ald. Bernstein then proposed "The Ladies," coupling with it the name of Mrs. McLennan, which was drank with musical honors, and responded to. Ald. Allingham then proposed "The Press," which was responded to. The Mayor then proposed the health of the Police Magistrate (Mr. Bray), which was drank with applause, and duly responded to. The health of the "Host and Hostess" (Mr. and Mrs. Paulson) were then drank, and responded to. The proceedings terminated about 1 o'clock, all agreeing that a really enjoyable time had been spent, and that the Host of the evening (Ald. McLennan), had, in thus inaugurating a new departure in Municipal matters, by the pro- motion of good fellowship and feeling, done very much good, and that he would be found the right man in the right place. We are sorry that our limited space precludes our giving the speeches in extense in this issue. CADET CORPS.- We hope that parents and others will not forget to attend the meeting at the Lismore Public School, at.3 o'clock, on this (Saturday) afternoon, re the formation of the above Corps, under the following , regula- tions, which have been kindly handed to us by a gentleman interested in the movement :- Regulations dated 1884 (under Minister for Public Instruction), for organization and con- trol of Public School Cadet Corps. Corps to consist of not less than 30 members in country districts or 50 in metropolis. No boy accepted under 12 years, and must have written consent of parent or guardian. Corps to be drilled for 45 minutes during school hours weekly. Arms, &c;, supplied, but uniform is found by parent, and consists of blue tunic trimmed with scarlet, grey trousers trimmed with scarlet, French cap, blue trimmed with scarlet. DEBATING CLUB.- A meeting of the local club took place at the council chambers on Wednesday evening last, when Mr. Lodge was voted to the chair. The nomination of the first officers for this new society took place, as follows :- For the position of President, Messrs. J. Barrie and Jas. Stocks were nominated ; Vice presidents, Messrs. G. Larkin and A. J. Simpson ; Treasurer, Mr. J. R. Stocks ; Secre- tary, Mr. D. Penfold ; and the Committee (3 in No.), Messrs. J. Collins, T. C. Lodge, and C. W. Kelleway. All the officers, with the exception of President, for which a ballot will take place on the first Wednesday in June, were then declared to be properly filled. Several very instructive recitations and readings were then given by members, on which criticism was allowed, to be given and taken in the proper spirit, after which the meeting adjourned to Wednesday, 3rd June, on which date the first debate takes place. CASINO SHOW.- A friend who was present at the above yesterday, informs us that it was a great success, a large number being present, and everything passing off well ; but our promised telegram upon the matter had not come to hand up to the time of our going to press. COMPARISONS.- Mr. Peter Magnus had one joy in this world, and that was his hat-box. Mr. Mantalini rejoiced in a "demnably fine moustache, oh !" and later in turning a mangle. A friend of ours, who is taciturn and practical enough to gladden the ghost of the late Tom Carlyle, also has a joy, and on thia he grows ecstatic, and dilates quite cheerfully, even to the verge of verbosity. Yesterday we called on him to offer him our congratulations, wish him much joy, &c;, as is the custom after a wedding and we had scarcely taken a seat and cheerfully observed that snow had fallen quite heavily at the North Pole on the day previously, than out it came, with the rush and roar of an express train down a greased incline "Do show it him Mary. It's a peifect marvel, I say ! It's a marvel, sir, that's what it is." Mentally won- dering what in the name of Jehosophat it could be which would be capable of eliciting so much enthusiasm from such a being, our eyes followed Mary to the window, and there under a beauti- ful carved cover of walnut lay the baby ! no, the noiseless White Sewing Machine. This then was the one joy of their household, and when we had admired its beauty, durability, noiselessness, and wide range of usefulness, we seized our hand-gear, rushed round to the store, I and before you could say Jack Robinson, or persuade your mother-in law to commit suicide, a White Sewing Machine was on its way to our domicile. HOLLOWAY'S PILLS.- The changes of tempera- ture and weather frequently upset persons who are most cautions of their health, and most particular in their diets. These corrective, purifying, and gentle aperient Pills are the best remedy for all defective actions of the digestive organs ; they augment the appetite, strengthen the stomach, correct biliousness, and carry off all that is noxious from the system. Holloway's Pills are composed of rare balsams, unmixed with baser matter, and on that account are peculiarly well adapted for the young, delicate, and aged. As this peerless medicine has gained fame in the past, so will it preserve it in the future by its renovating and invigorating quali- ties, and its incapacity of doing harm.- Advt. MR. R. DONALDSON.- Last week, considerable anxiety was felt by Mr. R. Donaldson's friends, who are in constant attendance upon him, as he was suffering great pain from a fractured limb, and other symptoms of an alarming nature were manifested. Under the circumstances, it was deemed desirable to call in the assistance of Dr. Segol, of Inverell, who arrived in town on Sun- day afternoon. A consultation was then held between Drs. Segol, Warren, and Boodle, when an operation was performed, and some pieces of bone were removed, and we are glad to learn the sufferer has since experienced great relief ; and although his condition is still critical, the fears that were entertained that the limb would have to be amputated below the knee, are hap- pily allayed, and he is now doing as well as can be expected under the circumstances.- 'Tenter- field Record.' 