The Advertiser TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1885. The figures of the world's wool trade are given in Messrs. Helmuth Schwartze and Co.'s annual report on wool for 1884. It is comprehensive enough for the most voracious statistician, aud sufficiently explanatory for the niei-chant and broker, whom it int ?t ct mcems. While the whole is included in a foolscap circular, no im portant general detail is omitted, and little is wanting to make it a complete wool record for the ycir. Tlicrc is nothing veiy remarkable in the year's transactions taken as a whole. There was au increase in the season's shipments to the extent ?-f four jicr cent. <rm colonial wools aittl forty ]>er cent, on foreign wools ; hut in the former case the .advance was neutralised by a correst?oiiding reduction in price, and in regard to foreign wools iuiiioited into England 1883 was an ex ceptionally bad yeai-, the actual iinprovc inent over the average of previous years being pretty well parallel with the advance in the imports of colonial wools. It is to the colonies a matter of immense moment that there is no pro* lability of a great increase in the production of foreign wool, as is the case with wheat. Australia virtually rules the market, a rise or decrease in price lieing chiefly dependent upon her supplies. It is hardly necessary to deal at length with the figures relating to foreign wool, as it bears no great proportion to the total production, and otherwise it does not affect us. The quantity of Australian and Cape wool imported into Europe and America in the season 1883-4 (Noveinlier to November) was 1,30:>,000 lialcs, representing in round figures £21,000,000. The Cape itself makes a comparatively poor show with 191,000 bales, wliich is less titan she sent away in 1875. The prices obtained for her wool also are lower throughout than those ruling for wool from our own con tinent, so tliat here, too, Australia has notliing to fear from competition. Although last year the actual value of the wool exported from Australia was about the same as in 1883, aud indeed in 1882, yet generally the increase in tlte demand is keeping up sufficiently well with the increase in the supply as to cause a sub stantial advance iv the average yearly value. Thus the average value of Aus tralian wool exported during the fire years ISSO-4 exceeded by two millions the average of the years 1872-8. The report points out a circumstance wliich makes the relative figures look still better, though its actual effect is to reduce the value. It appears that the proportion of greasy and crossbred wool is constantly growing, and to estimate the relative average values of a bale of wool in 1872 and 1881, a difference of £2 should be allowed in favor of the former. At pre sent (a bale of wool is worth £10 on an average, but supposing the wool to be of the same average quality as in 1872 it would be worth £18. i Taking the Australian colonies sepa rately, Queensland seems to have made the greatest advance during the year. In her case the report gives oidy the direct shipments, but judging from the propor tion these bear to the estimated number of sheep in the colony, they probably in clude nearly the whole of Uer wool produce. In 1881 Queensland exported nearly4o,ooo bales, in 1883 over 09,000, and in 1881 she sent away about 100,000 bales. This extraordinary increase is in keeping with the reports that come to hand as to die great strides the colony is making. Western Australia has advanced 18 per cent., but her export is so small that the increase is of little importance. The number of bales exported to European markets from South Australia was 118,357 in 1884 as against 108,487 in 1883. This improvement is greater than that shown by cither Victoria or New South Wales, the former increasing only by G per cent., and the latter by 3 per cent. This colony lias gone back slightly since 1882, when we exiioited 122,167 bales. It is extiaoiilinaiy what a quantity of New South Wales wool is shipped from Victoria. Those two colonies before the drought had respectively about thirty four million and eleven million sheep, and yet in 1884 Victoria csported 358,000 bales of wool, while New South Wales sent away but 241,000. New Zealand is down for 228,1*00 liales in 1884, which is an increase of <i per cent, on her 1883 exports, and 17 per cent, over that eif 1882\. Tasmania made an advance of about 2 per cent. It should lie remem -I>ered tiiat these last mentioned figures relate to the actual years given and not to the seasons proper. The figures for the seasons would vary the totals somewliat, but relatively they would make little difference. The table in the report re lating to the sheep in the colonies is in teresting, but it is strange to notice in it tliat New South Wales, Queensland, and New Zealand were the only States which liad much increased tlieir nuinlicrs during the preceding four years. New "South Wales had still more sheep tlian all the rest of the continent could muster, and at her rate of increase it would probably be some years before this state of things is changed. Queensland increased her numbers by 05 per cent, and New Zea land 15 per cent, as compared with 1881, and it is indeed strange that Victoria and South Australia hardly went ahead at all. We have no droughts tliat New South Wales and Queensland arc not also subject to, and theextension of om-pastoral country should mean at any rate a very decided increase in the number of our sheep. In price Victoria takes the lead in eveiy class of wooL New South Wales comes next, and South Australia appears to tie with Queensland for third place. The same prices for the different wools prevailed during the whole of the year, a penny per pound weight covering all the fluctuations. ''On the whole," says the report, " tiie bade and industry engaged upon our colonial wool may be said to have participated in the general depres sion in a comparatively small measure. They liave suffered from tiie caution and hand-to-mouth policy wliich the strong downward course of so many large articles of consumption engendered; but their own condition, though not without weak points, lias on the whole been a healthy one." An important table in the report wliich should not be lost sight of is one giving the exports of woollen manu factures from the United Kingdom to Australia. Tliis does not indi cate an advance in the woollen manu facturing industries of tlic colonies, for (here is a Luge increase in the value <*f these exports, the figures being £1,347,380 in 1883, and £1,523,028 iv 1884\. It shows, however, tliat there is plenty of scope for colonial woollen factories, if only they can be established and carried on at a reasonable cost. With a large working population, such as we liave, it seems very extraordinary that our wool should have to go to Europe and back before it is ready for our use. This must appear especially strange to outsiders. Eveiy encouragement should j lie given to those who strive to alter and j improve the existing condition of affairs. ! Ax ominous import attaches to the tele gram we published yesterday concerning the Russian advance to Afghanistan. When the troops of the Czar occupied Merv it was pretty well understood tliat tliey did not intend t<> remain there, and there could be ouly r*ne opinion in which direction they would move whenever it was convenient to change their quarters. It pleased a dis tinguished statesman of England to describe the whole of the vast territory which Russia lias in recent years annexed toher Asiatic doiniiiionsasa "geographical expression," and those who dreaded an imminent danger to England's mighty empire in the East were pronounced to be alarmists. Jn vain have warnings been uttered by competent Indian officials that Russia lias long been meditating a grand advance upon certain objective points whence she might choose her own time for an invasion of India, and tliat it was necessary for England to fortify lier wall of defence by something more than paper treaties. Added to the voice of warning from the responsible servants of the British Crown were the actual threats of some of the most skilful military strategists of the Muscovite power, who boldly urged this tempting manft-uvre as the readiest means of avenging the disgrace of Sebas topol. One of tiie latest of these, General Soboleff, a few months ago published a letter in tiie Ens*, in which with open candour he declared tliat "we should let England know that we are getting ready to deal her a blow." England did know it, but was foolishly indifferent in the matter. Tiie rectification of the Afghan frontier was a bugbear of par liamentary proceedings, and when the order was read from the notice-paper cleared tiie House of Commons. However, an Afghan Boundary Com mission was at length appointed, aud accompanied by a large staff ' of surveyors, physicians, naturalists, j and other practical and scientific personages started for the north of Afghanistan, aud protected by a powerful escort of the Ameer's forces established themselves at Kuhsan. They have done much] useful work in the cause of geo graphical science, have made triaugulation andlineal measurements, aud otiier valuable operations of the engineeringcraft, so that a regular boundary survey iB now in a fair way of progress. Of course Russia sent her commission too, and as it is backed by a tolerably strong muster of the Impe rial troops tiie ceremonious escort of an Oriental guard could very safely be dispensed with. At the head of the English commission was Colonel Ridgeway, but rather more than three months ago that officer was succeeded by Major-General Sir Peter Luinsden, and according to late reports matters were ripe for the definite settlement of a ques tion which has been the subject of a great deal of negotiation between the Courts of St. James's and St. Petersburg. The Russian commissioners delayed meeting those of Great Britain, and the opinion became strengthened tliat Russia had no intention of bringing tiie dispute to a peaceful solution, and was merely waiting for a favorable moment when England was busily occupied with other affairs to push her way on the course she had predetermined. That moment arrived when the embaiTassinent of Egypt aud the Soudan gave England quite enough occupation for her aimy and tiie diplomatic energies of her statesmen. The Poll MaU Gtr.cfte List month said tliat Sir Peter Luinsden had been sent on a fool's errand, and that if he eflectetl an agreement it " would not bind the Russians for a day," and tliat "any paper understanding would be worthless the week after it was signed." Wliat are the facts.' Simply that the opportunity of Russia has arrived, and, as has lieen fore told, she is now moving "in great and well prepared force upon the frontiers of India." The Russian soldiers are march ing straight upmi Punj Dcen, a place a hundred miles south of Merv, and actually within the territories of the Ameer. Aliout double that distance further and ihey will be at Herat, the key to British India. To Herat Sir Peter Luinsden has thought it prudent to retire lest the Afghans under his com mand should become embroiled with the Russian soldiery, and it would be uotliing to his discredit if it were imagined tliat a regard for liis own comfort rendered him ! less indisposed to change his residence at this particular juncture. [ T.-eaties made with Russia under the most accommodating conditions would uot be veiy saleable articles in the market of morals, and he would lie a very credulous creature who went into ecstasies because he liad got the best of the bargain. But if a treaty is concluded with Russia with respect to places of which she is already in armed pos-sessie>n, it is an extremely simple calcu lation ttt determine how much of the spoil will fall to the other contracting party. " Where is your warrant for my arrest '{'' asked Cliarles I. " There, sir," replied I Comet Joyce, pointing to 500 mounted cavalry in tiie courtyard. In equally legible characters will the treaty of tlic Afghan Boundary Commission be written when framed on the ground over which the Russian ensign floats. Once in Afghan territory the per manent authority of Russia could be es tablished with comparative ease. The pre sent ruler of tliat country was for sometime a pensioner of the Czar, as he is now our own, and liis susceptible mind would easily be influenced by a further distribu tion of Russian gold between him and his court. The memories of British in [ vasious are still bitter at Cabul, in spite of Lord Ripon's efforts to [ create a tone of good feeling towards the English people. But the danger to British India outweighs all otiier con siderations in viewing the cliaracter of Russia's dealings with the Ameer or his subjects. The occupation of Afghanis tan by Russia would be a stand ing menace to our ' Eastern ?" Empire. There are tens of thousands of disloyal natives in India ready to rise against British rule whenever the chance may occur, and we should always be con fronted with the peril of their disaffection iteing fomented by Russian intrigue. The meaning therefore of the late news from Afghanistan is tliat England is being hurried another stage towards the des perate duty of liaving to defend against immense odds the possession of her vast Indian dominions. The report of the Government Resident in the Northern Territory for the quarter ending December 30 last is a voluminous but highly interesting document. It covers a number of minor reports bearing upon the exploration, development, and settlement of the countiy, and most of the information afforded is of practical value. Mi*. Parsons has, on the whole, a cheering account to give of the progress of the Territory. Of course, until tiie railway to Pine Creek is completed no veiy rapid advancement can be looked for; but meanwhile there are signs that the new era of prosperity which commenced some time ago is likely to continue without interruption. < Ine of the most satisfactory features of the report is the description given of tiie vast fertile tracts of country wliich are just beginning to be known. The Vic toria River, as the outlet of an immense district of great tropical richness, is spoken of by the captain of the Palmer ston in glowing terms, and tiie accounts tliat are furnished of other portions of the country where settlement has yet to begin are also of a most favorable description. The Territory undoubtedly presents a veiy profitable field for judicious enterprise, and as its resources are gradually opened up with the assist ance of the projected railway, it must be come more and more valuable to South Australia. At the present time the pas toral industry is in a thriving condition. Squatters are showing their faith in the* country by the vigor with which they are stocking it, and with the increase of their herds it may be expected tliat before long an excellent trade in live stock will spring up between the Northern Territory and the eastern ports. It is suggested too, that in time the establishment of refrigerating works will allow of extensive exportations of frozen meat to Europe. Theliorse-breed ing industry is still in its infancy, but it promises so well tiiat there is reason to believe that in a few yeara the Indian market may be largely supplied with horses from tiie Northern Territory. The development of the mining resources of the country is hindered by tiie great cost of cartage and provisions, the small amount of capital invested, and the primi tive cliaracter of tiie appliances wliich are now in use. Mr. Parsons does not speak so hopefully of this industry as one could desire, but if it is not progressing with much rapidity, the reason is tv be found uot in the nature of the country itself, which is unquestionably rich in gold, tin, and other minerals, but in the circumstances already mentioned. In spite of all difficulties, however, tiie yield of gold is fairly well maintained, 21,075 ounces having been exported last year, and should expectations be realised of the discoveiy of a good alluvial field westward of Port Darwin, mining enterprise will doubtless experience a marked expansion. Tin mining is now principally carried on in'the Mount Wells district. The deposits ofthe metal there are beyond all ques tion of an exceedingly rich description, and in several other places there are favorable indications, justifying tiie belief that tin will at no distant date become one of the chief exports of the Territory. The cultivation of tiie sugarcane, for several reasons, is uialdug but little pro gress. The collapse of Poett's and the DeLissaville plantations was a severe blow to the industry. Nevertheless there are still some planters busily at work, and their prospects are believed to be good. The failures already experienced seem t*t have been due rather to an unwise choice of countiy for sugar-growing operations, added tounskilfuliuauagement, titan to auy unfitness of tiie Territory for the profit able production of sugar. Queensland planters are now turning tiieir attention to our northern dependency as a suitable field for tropical agriculture. They appear to be well satisfied with the land laws of the countiy and with tiie legislation under which supplies of coolie labor may be obtained, and there are grounds for believing that some of them will be in duced to give the Territory a trial, in which case it may be taken for granted that, in the words of the Government Resident, " the work will be in the hands cf skilled men and will be undertaken by those who know that an adequate expen diture and the best machinery are essen tials to success." Thf. moneylender, who is familiarly knowu by his patrons as " uncle," carries on a business which necessarily calls for strict legal regulation. Pawnbroking is a trade which, if it be one that society cannot well do without, is nevertheless associated with many evils, and to reduce these to a minimum is the object of the laws by which its practice is restricted. Poverty may in many cases drive deserving per sons to the pawnshop, but the broker would have but little, as a lule, to do were it not for improvidence aud vice. Tliat the borrower should Ins protected against unconscionable usury in his efforts, at all liazards, to "raise the wind," and that the business should be conducted as honestly as possible, so as to avoid abuses that would otherwise certainly occur, are uecessaiy ends of legislation in the interests of the general pubhc. Pawn brokers' licences are issued in tliis coluuy under tiie provisions of the Act of 1851. That measure is to a large extent founded upon the Imperial law, but on several occasions of late it lias been shown to 1?3 in some of its provisions decidedly defec tive. In the Legislative Council last session the Hon. W. Sandover brought forward a motion declaring tliat the pawn broking laws are in an unsatisfactory con dition, and tliis was carried without oppo sition. The question lias since been under the consideration of tiie Government, who, we understand, have prepared a Bill —doubtless with tiie advice of the police department—which is to be introduced next session. Presumably the measure will be of a consolidating character, but in what respects it will amend the Act now in force we liave no means of know ing. Two points on wliich Mr. Sandover laid stress when discussing tiie subject last session were the need of regulating the rates of interest tliat may be charged by pawnbrokers, and the desirableness of xtending the period during wliich pledged \- Hides may be redeemed, lt is a singular act tliat the existing law fixes no maxi mum rate of interest whatever, so tiiat a person who borrows on the security of pledged goods is entirely at tiie mercy of the lender. This is clearly not :s it should be. In England a I*awubroker cannot legally cliai-ge more ihan 20 per cent., while at the celebrated Mont de Piete in Paris the rate of inte rest is even less. We understand that in Victoria the legal maximum cliarge is 89 percent., in New Zealand 80 percent., and iv Tasmania 100 ncr cent; in New South. Wales no charge is specified. Con sitlering the value of money in this colony it could not be expected tiiat the interest should be made so low as it is in England, but the desirableness of fixing a reasonable maximum cannot be questioned. The effect of cutting down the pawnbroker's profits from interest would no doubt be that less would be lent on a given article, but tliis would not be an un mixed evil if it made intending patrons of the pawnshop liesitate before re sorting to tliat establishment except in cases of extreme want, and at tiie same time the borrower, would be protected ? from the usury of wliich lie may now ba j made the victim by the grasping and un scrupulous. As regards the period for re demption, it is fixed by the Act of 1851 at three moiitlis, unless a longer time is ex pressly agreed upon and specified iv the entiy." In England a pawnbroker must keep pledged goods for a year before he is eutuletl t* ? oiler them for sale at auction. Three uu mllis appear to be an unreason ably short time to give the borrower win* desires tv redeem his property, and may fairly be extended; if not t<? a year, at least to six months. There are some other matters in connection with our iiawiibrokjiig laws that require con sideration, ls there any system t*f in sjiectioii by which the proper carrying on of the business may be secured .' Pawn brokers arc made liable to heavy penalties for certain bleaches of the law, but it is not certain tliat the provisions of the Act are always rigidly enforced. The clause which disallows the taking in pledge <*f :?lii Us oiTei-etl by i>ersoiis apiwivntly iu u.xicured may lie instanced, in other ti'-.'.iitiies the pawnbroking Liws have tU*iii:*£ recent years beeu subject.*.l t? .-< mo ~"init*ort.-Hit changes, aiul no tinubt Hk* -.*'?.vevnmeiit iv preparing the Bill to be brought forward next session have been a-.iideu to some extent by this new legislation. A rapid and extraordinary change iv the wt-ather took place early on Monday morning. A little after 7 o'clock an extremely violent gu-t **f wind rose from the south, gathering a great quantity of dust in its course. Several trees in the park lands and some of the gardens were blown down, and the verandah and front l*ait of the roof of a shop occupied by Mr. G. Cater, on tbe Parade, Norwood, were destroyed. At Glenelg the gale came on very rapidly. A nun bcrcf fishermen who had gone out soon rcti'med. and so far as we can ascertain no damage was done. The gale was of a very short duration. Penj-deh, to which the Russians are reported by cablegram to have advanced, is a Turcoman j stationary camp about 100 miles south of Merv, and 130 north of Herat. It is also called l*ung-deen, and the name means "the five villages." It consists of about 300 tents of black felt arranged in two squares, aud fitted up with a good deal of Oriental luxury. It is situated on the banks of the >fonrghib, which rises on the northern slopes of the Parap lmisus Mountains, recently claimed by Russia as her wutheru boundary in Turkestan. Penj-deh lies ou what is probably the only available route from Merv to Hent and Cabul, and thence to Northern India. A general order has been issued by the Staff Office instructing the members of all branches a*f the I**cal Military Forces to wear forage caps instead of helmets on the occasion of the march-out on Saturday afternoon. A telegram has been received by the Acting Chief Secretary from the Agent-t "eneral (Sir Arthur Blyth), stating that the Right Hon. the Secretary of State sent a telegram to the Governor of Sonth Australia ou Friday de clining assistance for the present. At a meeting of the Stewards' and Cooks' Union held at the Central Hotel, Port Ade laide, on Monday evening it was decided to join the Trades Union. Delegates were appointed to attend the meetings of the union and bring forward any matters which might affect the interests of the stewards and cooks. Notices are posted inthe General Post- Office to the effect that the Rangoon telegraph line is interrupted for repairs till further notice; that extra rates are to be collected on all mes sages for Burmah; that tne Suakim-Perim cables are interrupted; and tliat railway telegraph-stations are now open at Fernvale and Lowood, in Queensland. The following tender was opened at tiie Architect-ui-Chiefs department, Government offices, on Monday morning:—Erection of fa cottage and laundry tt Port Augusta He spital, two tenders, P. Moran. At the Public Works Office tenders were accepted for 200 low-sided waggons as follows: —Supply and delivery of 100 5 ft. 5 in. gauge, exclusive of wheels and axles, M. C. Davis; do., 3 ft. G iv. gauge, do., Fdwin Smith. We have been shown a counterfeit half crown which was palmed off on Messrs. Bradley & Sheridan on Saturday evening. The coin, which bore the date of 1845, was of a dull leaden color, decidedly unlike silver. Its ring at once proclaimed it spurious. It was much worn, and had apparently passed throngh many bands. We understand tiiat the matter has been placed in the hands of the j police. The following probates and letters of ax.u.inistration were granted during the week ending February 21: — Probates — John Hammond, £1,000; Frederick May, £4,600; Caroline Daniels, £300; Thomas Rook, £950; Lucas Parrelski, £110; Charles James, £-130. Letters of Administration — Richard Wm. Spictr, £200; Richard Thos. Coate, £300; .Tohann T. Weinert, £300; William Joseph Cook, £650; Robert Blair, £50. A small fire occurred in a shed In the yard attached to the residence of Mr. W. Stevenson at Palmer-place, Korth Adelaide, on Monday morning. A servant lit a fire under a boiler in the shed and close to a wood pQe containing about 3 cwt., which subsequently caught fire and was destroyed. The North Adelaide reel attended, and put the flames out. No further damage was done, and the city coroner was in ! ormed of the occurrence. A short time ago a deputation consisting of Me-si-ft D. Bower, M.P., and W. E. Mattinson, M.P., acd a number of masters and owners of small craft at Port Adelaide, waited on the Ct'ii.njss-ioner of Public Works (Hon. J. Coles) ni.d asked that the tonnage dues at present cLargtd on all vessels of over 100 tons entering the P'*rt of Wallaroo might be dispensed with. s*i*. IV-wer has received an intimation that the ? -t.veicment will accede to the request of the deputation. The land sales gazetted for the current week are veiy unimportant. On Wednesday the leases will be offered for fourteen years of a number of educational reserves situated in the hundttrds of Andrews, Colton, Hardy, Para too, Pamaroo, "Cley, Waroonee, Woolyana and Nildottie. On the following day a sale will be held of several miscellaneous leases for grazing purposes in the hundreds of Morgan ai.d Lake Wangary. We have eeen a beautiful sample of gold obtained by crushing and washing five pounds weight of stone taken promiscuously from the Hand and Band reef, between the Woodside mines and Hay Valley. The gold contains a fair proportion of fine and coarse gold, and is estimated to be worth 5 oz. to the ton. We are informed the reef presents a very promis ing appearance, and is improving as it goes down. Shafts have been sunk on it to the depth of over 40 feet. This is the same reef as is beiDg worked on the next section (Wil liams's) by T. B. Rowe and party, from which .i*i assay gave ov&e; 5 ozs. to the ton. "The Eye and the Ear" was the subject of a lecture deUvered by Mr. W. J. Young, M. A., before the EGndmar-ah Young Men's Society in tbe local Congregational schoolroom on Monday evening. There was a moderate attendance, and the president, Mr. James Lawrence, ocenpied the chair. The lecturer succeeded in dealing with the various tech nicalities of his subject in a lucid manner, and imparted information of an edifying nature. Large and exceptionally good models of the eye and ear, as weU as diagrams of the human frame, vrere shown and explained. In reply to a vote of thanks, Mr. Young st- ited his willingness to lecture on other subjects for the benefit of the members of the society. Che report of the directors of the Wallaroo mines, which is to be presented at the annual meeting of shareholders to be hdd on Friday nest, is as follows:—" The copper in hand at 31st December, 1884, has been valued at £52 per ton net in tiie colony, and the stocks of ore at lOs. 3d. per unit The ore raised during the past year at the Wallaroo mines has been 20,985 tons, gross weight, of an average pro duce of 10J par cent, fine copper. 20,251 tons Moonta ore have been received for smelting during lhe year. Hie quantity of copper made during the year has been 6,469 tons. The number of hands in the employ of the company nn Decranber 31 last was 1,153, viz., 21 offi cor-*-. 112 mechanics. 441 miner.-.. ir?;? smelters, 2SI laborer?, and 18!* youths and boys." The balance <*f profit for the year is i'l.C-sil ss. Si. A youth named John Bryan was admitted to the Adelaide Hospital on Monday, suffering from a fractured leg. Tiie injury was caused by a baker's cart, belongiug to Messrs. A. aud V. D. Thomas, of Grenfell-street, which he was driving at Kingston-terrace. North Ade laide, in the afternoon uit-t-ttinj*. by which he was thrown out. Dr. Campbell, who was in the neighborhood, applied teiupir.iry relief, and Bryan was at once removed by the police. A laborer named Thomas Kennedy was also admitted, his injury being a lacerated wound ou the forehead, caused by falling down the *-te|>sat the railway-station. Tea and public meetings in connection with the anniversary of the Bible Christiau Church, Bowden. were held on Monday evening. There was a good attendance, and Mr. Coun cillor K. Could presided at the public meeting. The [aster (Key. IS. Kelley) read th*- rejiort, shotting that the year had been marked by great prosj-c-rity iiiiiiu.-rical.y. the meuil-ership having ljt-i*n nearly doubled and the congrega tion considerably mcrea-e:!. Seventy new u>enil**i>> liad been admitted. 20 were on trial, fidi meml>ers 1-10; total 17'!. A workers' band had been foimedforthe purpose of distributing tracts and conducting cottage and outdoor prayer meetings and public service. Op2n-air meetings had lieen held at Hindmarsh West on Sunday afternoons for the past sis months with the view of establishing a church in the locality. The classes bad been rearranged, and a Saturday evening service instituted for the young, al**o a training class for Christian workers. The number of Sun day-school t-cholars was 535; teachers, {22. The treasurer's report showed the chapel receipts to be £Bii !'.?., and the expenditure Al-9 12s. 7d., of which £35 14s. had beeu applied towards the improvement of the church; deficit, £13 3s. 7d. Total receipts from other sources, 4350 13s. Addresses were given by the Revs. T. I'ipev aud J. Rowe, and Messrs. S. Coombe and Joseph Ashton. The church choir, under the direction of Mr. B. Gould, who presided at the harmonium, sang some anthems in capital style. The proceeds were satisfactory. What was termed a Shakespearian Fair was recently held in the Town Hall, Melbourne, by the Roman Catholics ot the city and suburbs in order to raise funds to provide a suitable domicile for the members of the order of Carmelite Friars now established in Mel bourne. The fair extended over a week, and closed on Tuesday night last. On that night, prior to closing, Mr. Fitzgerald, M.L.C., Prior Butler, and some of the membeis of the executive committee ascended the platform, and Mr. Fitzgerald announced that the total receipts had been £3.000, and he expected that sum would be doubled by the tune the art union was drawn in connection with the fair. The drawing would take place on the 20th of June. Prior Butler, who was warmly greeted, expressed liis grateftd acknow ledgments to all who liad beeu instru mental in making so pronounced a success of : the fair that was initiated with the object of j providing a home for himself and his brother Cannelities. He was particularly pleased to say that the fair was generously patronised by all classes and creeds in the community. To the press he was greatly indebted ; and as for the ladies he could not find words to express his sense of the enthusiasm and disinterested ness they had all displayed. He would never forget the special exertions that had been made by the president (Mr. Fitzgerald), the treasurer (Mr. Hogan), and the secretary (Mr. Wood). We understand that the remaining priests of the Carmelite order at Gawler are likely to remove to Melboarne. An " Anti-Deist" Society has been founded in Paris, and it has just begun its operations by holding a sort of anti-prayer meeting in one of the public halls of the city. The object of the society is "to combat religious dogmas of every description ;** and its motto, which was set forth conspicuously on a placard in the hall, is " Dieu, voila rennemi." The second article <-f its statutes declares that its special aim is "to suppress the word 'Dieu' and its equivalents in all the languages of the globe; for, as the being so designated is a mere fiction, the word has neither sense nor raison tritrc." The Anti-Deists are nnder a pledge not to use tfae word themselves in their correspondence or conver sations. Even tbe familiar formula "adieu*' is banished from tiieir phraseology, and "a ton souvenir" substituted for it. The anti-Abbe Gaston preached a species of sermon—an anti sennon it ought to be called, perhaps; though, like orthodox sermons, it was in three heads, turning on the creation. Providence, and a future state—all of which the preacher denied* The journalist who has reported the pro ceedings asked his neighbor as they were leaving the hall if he really held those atheistical tenets. "Certainly I do; lam a thorough-going Anti- Deist, thank God 1" was the not over-consistent answer. The society ! (says a London itaper) might begin its mis sionary lators by attempting to abolish need less appeals to the Deity in the English mercantile marine. J Tl c following is a copy of the report of the South Australian Coal Company, which is to be laid before the shareholders at the half yearly general meeting on March 2: —" In presenting the ordinary half-yearly balance sheet your directors congratulate you, because in the face of most keen competition and general depression in trade they feel justified in recommending payment of the usual divi dend at the rate of 10 ]ier cent. j.ier annum. Were rtfnot for the useful adjuncts and appli ances pnsssessed by the company it will beseen that the mere dealing in coal would lie not only unremunerative but would result in absolute loss. While your directors liave i-educed salaries aud general expenses as far as jiossible consistently with the efficient conduct of the business, they have been compelled in conse quence of abnormal competition to ]>ay a larger amount than usual for conserving and obtain ing custom. Your directors base their hopes of doing a successful coal trade in the future on the supi*osition that ini[*< .iters will liardly continue to sell the article permanently at a loss. The dividend will be payable tm or after March Ji, at the registered office of the com pany; but the shareholders should be reminded that at the close of the company's financial year on 31st July next provision must be made as usual for the expiry of the wharf leases, and for depreciation in value of the steamer and other properties, even if such provision should involve the loss of the annual dividend." The profit and loss account shows a balance of profit of £3,201 lis. 2d. Early on Monday morning the Mitcham tramway sheds at Mitcham were broken into, and an attempt made to force the iron safe kept on tbe premises. It appears that a woman Uving in the neighborhood had her attention attracted about 5 o'clock in the morning by a peculiar noise which ap peared to emanate from the sheds. Becoming satisfied on a closer inspection of the building that some one was tampering with the safe, she immediately rushed off and gave the alarm. In the mean wnile, however, the intruder hurriedly left the scene of his nefarious work, sothatonthe return of several persons to the spot they only found the evidences of his guilt. After forcing his way into the shed, it apiieared tbat the burglar had deliberately set to work to foice open the safe. To facilitate his labors, he had managed to remove the safe, which is an exceedingly heavy one, to a distance o^f our feet, after which he ap pears to have proceeded, with the assistance of a number of tools taken from a blacksmith's shop in the vicinity, to prise mien the door. When found the door was almost removed, and there is little doubt that had the man not been disturbed at the time he was the safe would in a short time have been robbed of its contents, wfaich, however, only amounted to about £*j. On a search being made of the premises it was found that a few coppers had been removed from the till, but otherwise the burglar had gone away empty handed. Directly information of tfae affair was forwarded to the Adelaide police Detectives Upton and Dunlevi prooeeded to the Elephant and Castle and arrested a man named Lougblin, alias McLougblin, who when searched was found to have in his possession a number of housebreaking instruments. lioughlin, who is a very old offender, is the person who wns detected in the act of break ! ing into the Kent Town Brewery about five years ago. A headless ghost has made its appearance near I'4-hrata, in Pennsylvania, where itexcites considerable curiosity and alarm. There is n? doubt whatever as to its being a veritable ghost. It was first seen by the Rev. Daniel Witner when returning home one evening from the schoolhouse in Manor township, where he had been preaching. Mr. Wituer liad gone but a short distance when lie saw coming to wards him what be supposed tobe a man carry ing a lantern. Ou the nearer approach tif the object he was, to use bis own expression, "almost paralyzed with horror" to find tliat it was a moving body without a head. His terror was still further increased on seeing tho head carried in one of the hands. '* The fear ful object," he says, "took its place by my side, and at*-conipautcd mc to my very door. How I managedtoretaiiicniiscaoiisiicss-tud reach home I don't know. It was the most fearful experi ence I ever had, and I hojie I may never have the like again." The reverend gentleman's statement is fully corroborated by two ladies and .*i Mr. Kaufman, who front a distance nf about a hundred yards saw the ghost meet Mr. Witner and walk away with him. but were ton a J.I ailed l*y the s|*cctacle to interfere. The ghost has since been seen several times, and the nerves of the inhabitants of the district are described as being in "a frightful state of tension." It is sumeuiiat refreshing in these days of vulgar "spiritual manifestations" to bear of a good old-fashioned ghost without a head, of whose blood-curdling qualification-* there is no mistake. These headless ghosts were once common enough in England (say.*; SI. .ftnacs't Gazette), but have of late years become almost extinct. Perhaj,*s they have all gone to America. The quarterly meeting of the S. A. Sunday school Union was held in the Glenelg Wes leyan Lecture-hall on Monday evening. A large number of persons sat down to the tea, while at the public gathering, which was pre sided over by Mr. W. Gilbert, M.P., there was also a capital attendance. The proceed ings having been initiated with singing and prayer, Mr. D. Nt*ck read an in teresting paper on "A Model School Superintendent." The paper, which dealt chiefly .vith the necessary qualifications of a superintendent, also suggested the advisability of this officer being empowered to privately examine aud appoint teachers to their respec tive classes, and to question and instruc young people prior to their admission into the schools. On the question of qualifications, Mr. Nock, although admitting that it was tin reasonable to expect Christians generally, and particularly ministers of religion and office-bearers, to totally abstain from smoking and drinking, expressed the opinion that the superintendent or teacher's usefulness was considerably curtailed by the fact of his or her not bong an abstainer. Mr. C. -T. Thalder explained that it was proposed to hold in July next an exhibition of school aids and {appliances for the benefit of teachers and Christians generally. With this object in view the union intended sending to England shortly and obtaining the most approved appliances. It was also suggested to have a course of three lectures on " Evidences of Christianity during the firEt three centuries." A discussion then ensued on Mr. Nock's paper, and the proceed ings were brought to a close by the contents of the question-bos being dealt with. The annual meetng of the Metropolitan Brick Company wa held at the Exchange Arbitration-room on Monday afternoon, Mr. S. Solomon (chairman of directors) presiding. The directors' report stated that in presenting their half-yearly balance-sheet they regretted that they could not congratulate the share holders upon the results attained. In laying the plain facts before them, they had carefully avoided placing fictitious values upon stock or plant. The difference between the profit and loss line in this half as compared with the last'was in a measure due to the fact that many outstanding accounts which should have appeared in the last balance were unknown to the secretaiy, having been ordered by the j manager without reference to the town offioe, ! and that the stock was calculated at selling instead of cost price. There had been great loss incurred through the bad construction of ' the haulage gear and tramline, scan-err threj day? passing without a stoppage for repairs. This difficulty was now over, and winding-gear j had been erected which woiied very satisfac torily, doing twice the work at aliout a fourth ] the expenditure of steam power, and capable ! of raising sufficient clay to keep both ma- j chines going if necessary. The general im provements instituted are such as the directors firmly believe will soon lead to a continuous and profitable result. The profit and loss account showed a debit balance of £1,675. The chairman, in moving the adoption of tbe report aad balance-sheet, said the circumstances of the compaay had been unfortunate since the commencement, bnt they had now eveiy reason to believe that for the future they would be able to carry on the business successfully. The difficulties they had had to contend against were very great, but he was glad to say that during the post three months the results of their operations had been very satisfactory. Mr. W. Naumann seconded the motion, which was supported by Mr. G. Kindennann, who spoke highly of the present management of fhe company. The motion was carried. Messrs. T. Barnfield and .T. JI. Wendt, and Messrs. I*. C. Cornish and I*. Wicksteed, were re-elected directors and auditors respectively. An extraordinary general meeting of the com pany was then held for the prurpose of con. sidering and i>as**ing the following resolution: —"Tliat the directors of Uie company be and are hereby iuithoiised to borrow on behalf of the company any sum or sums of money not exec-eding in the aggregate the sum of £2,000 **n such terms, upon such security or securities, and in such manner as they may deem most expedient.*' The chairman said a resolution allowing tbe directors to borrow not more than £2,000 on behalf of the company had already been passed in ISS3, but it j might be as well to obtain the opinion of the ; present meeting on the subject. The motion i was proposed by Mr. B. Horn burg M.P., and seconded by Mr. W. HalL Mr. W. H. Beagle- ! hole, M.P., said Jie did not object to the motion, but thought it might be better to con tinue a temporary overdraft with the bank, which they would probably soon be able to reduce, rattier than borrow a large sum. The cliaiiman quite agreed with Mr. Beaglcfaolc's remarks, and said if they had a fair sale of bricks they very likely would not require to borrow. They would use their best discretion in the matter. The motion was carried, and the meeting closed. Tbere was only a moderate attendance at the Theatre Royal on Monday night, when the ccint-dy "Confusion" was rejieated. The various members of the company are now more familiar with their business, and there is no lack of effort on their part to keep their audiences amused. An entertainment in aid of the Parkside Primitive Methodist Church was given iv the TJnley Town HaU on Monday evening, Mr. (i. Howell (Mayor of Unley) presiding. attractive programme of songs, recitations, and glees (was presented, one of the principal features of winch was a comic song, "Bother the men,*1 by Mr. J. A. Duggan. The whole concluded with tbe side-splitting farce entitled " Dr. Quack and his Patients, tbe character j of Doctor Fudgey Quack being sustained by Mr. S. B. Pearson in an excellent manner. 1 Mr. Ered. Pearson made a capital doctor's assistant, and the two remaining characters of patients were cleverly filled by Mr. Cleveland and Miss Tilly Harman. Signor Squarise's land nil! perform at Glenelg this evenin-r. A meeting of the Victorian Football Club will be held at tbe Tanner-*.* Anns, Bowden, tliis ereniu**. A inerting of the Imperial Permanent Building and liivc-btuaent {Society is to be held at Moutefiore Ciiambers, Waymouth-street, this evening. A juvenile lodjse ttt connection with the Princess Royal Adult laodge. UX'.0.0.F., trill be opened at the t hurt-h of England schoolroom, Flindera-street, thb evening. This evening Mr. A. W. Dnlibie trill lecture on "Mesmerism," in conu*.*ction with Trinity Church Youn;; Meu's Society, at the schoolroom, SI orphett strcel. A inciting for the distribution of prizes won in tbe late tourney in connection v-itli the Adelaide Chess Clnb n-Ql be held at the club rooms, -Jackuian's cale, this evening. A preliminary meetine trill lie held in the Town Hal] Befresbiuent-rooni this evening—"Toconsider the large exodus front the colony of working-men and others which is taking place, also what steps can be taken to immediately provide work (or the lai-ge numbers out of employment." His Worship the Mayor t*m preside. 