A STRANGE VOYAGE. KY W. CLARK R.R-R.LL. Author of " A Sea Queen,'" " L'he Lady Maud," "A Sailor's Sireethearc," "The Wreck of tne Grosvenor," &c.; " In sea affairs nothing is impossible an.l nothing improbable."—L0K1> SEi-^ox. CHAPTER Yf. THE S1LVKR SEA SAILS. By this time the cable was in the situation that is termed " hove short;" the anchor wa. BtUl on the ground, bat the ehaiu was " up and <lown" with it, ana only a few turns of the windlass barrel were now needed to liberate the ship. The hearty chorus of the seamen ceased on a sudden, some loud orders delivered by Captain Pipes were re-echoed castle, and I saw the tug mamv the ship's bows as a line was aud her people dragged our ~ deck. Of our crew I could as yet form no opinion ; the whole of them were forward, including the "idlers" (tne steward excepted), .And they looked a tolerable likely set of fellows—some of them of an unmistakably .Dutch or Scandinavian type of countenance, and dressed in the various rigs worn by merchant seaman. "I suppose we're off in a minute now?' cried out Colonel Icglc-lield. "Only waiting for the tug to s-jcire the end of our hawser," replied Mr. Hornby, " and then up conies the anchor, ami 'llarran for the sea, ths sea, the open sea,' aad all that sort of thing, don'c you know r' _ " 1 hope those men wiil stop shooting o'Y that gun until we are oat of reach," exclaimed Mrs. Inglefield, directing a baud thai Hashed with rings towards the breakwater ; " were a ball to hit .us, it would make a bole, and do in we should sink." "I wished they icoub' hit us!'called out the Colonel. "Nothing would please me better than to bring au action agi : .ust the Admiralty. The naval wick wants sauiSag now and again, I can tell you." " Those fellows look like soldiers," siid I. " Then," shouted the colonel, '"I'd bring an action against the military commander-inchief. Somebody sUould be responsible f re shooting us, by heaven ! What right, i say. n^'t what vtjht have tke military or authorities of this port to allow men to collect on that breakwater, and discharge shotted guns in the direction of passing ships ? Why, the thing's monstrous j , Imagine a ball killiug me ! Is Mrs. Inglefield to have no claim on anybody ? eh ;—eh ;—don't you see my argument ?—why" "They'll not hurt us, colonel," said Mr. Edwards laughing, while the choleric officer pulled off his hat and mopped his forehead. "Aubyn, what's the name of the lower of those two poles across ths mast there':" " The lower main topsail yard," I replied. 1 4 What fanciful names sailors have givau tc their ship's masts and rigging!" observe^ Miss Edwards. Miss Edwards. " The few terms I know are wonderfully expressive; and see what our every-day language owes to sailors !" *' We shall be under way in a minute,' piped little Hornbv, swinging his legs on the chair that was to tall to enable his fsei to ! h touch the deck. As he spoke, the windlass pawls clanked afresh; and a hurricane chorus came rattling past our ears. "In proof of the justice of Miss Edwards's remark, Mrs. Inglefield," said I, " let me tell you that no lover could have equipped his sweetheart more lavishly than J a-;k lias his ship. Observe how he has decorated her: he has given her chains, jewel blocks an i bangles, garnets, breast hooks and ribbands, gauntlets and heels, hood, garlands and collars, not to •"p.ntion horses and hounds and a score of w , e m : d I j t • a H othfet thinge." ,. " And cradles," said Hornby., . " Yes," said I, " aud gammoning.' " You're joking!" exclaimed Mr t lirt 'Vards " The skipper shall prove my vera jity when he has leisure," I replied. 1 1 Anchor's away, sir," roared Mr. Bird, the first mate, from the forecastle. Pipes flourished his hand, the hawser tautened, and in a moment the jibboom of the ship was slowly sweeping the green land that had been lying abreast of us all morning, till it <ras pointing fair at the funnel of the tug that was heading to the westward of the breakwater, whilst a fellow at our helm was grinding at the wheel in obedience to the hoarse notes of Pipes, who bundled about on his bow legs with an agility not a little sur prising in a conformation so uncouth. The scene now became very interesting There was nobody to wave hat or haudkerchief to ashore and our departure was therefore lacking in those white fiutterings which, when prolonged, always heighten the going of a ship into a sort of agony, since to my notion any kind of lingering is a bitter mistake in leave-taking. It should be a quick kiss, a quick handshake ; for you see the tootb muit be drawn, and who wauls the dentist to gape sentimentally down one's throat, and then slowly, very slowly, haul upon his forceps ? But to return ! No handkerchief fluttered upon our deck as the backwash of the tug's paddles sent the white troth reeling along our bends; nevertheless, no sooner did we feel that we had fairly started that we became silent. Margaret Edwards slipped her hand into her father's; even the Colonel looked thoughtfully, and every eye was bent—with more or less wistfulneas in it—on the shore that was slowly gliding along as if getting up steam to dance iu a circle about us ; whilst outlines sliifted, and green melted into brown, and brown into emerald. Drake's Island drew up on the starboard quarter, and looked like a block of pumicc-stoue afloat on the blue ripples, aud the masts of ships in the dock beyond opened, with a glimpse of Sutton Pool in the cast, and its forests of smacks' and colliers' spars. W T e were nearing the breakwater when suddenly—flash !—bing ! went the big gun they had been tiring ___ at intervals" all" the"morning." B,;tT this time 1 nobody took any notice, except timid Miss Inglefield, who popped her hands to her ears with a startled look out of the corners of her eyes. The truth is"! the explosion accorded with our feelings ; it seemed to say good-by, like a saiute designed for that purpose. And i really we felt the want of some demonstration, for our departure from Plymouth Sound on a long voyage, without a friend ashore to wave to us, or in a boat over the aide to call a farewell, made this part of the journey empty enough to find us willicig to let the report of the cannon fill it. All this while the windlass had been clanking, and the seamen sinking at it; but this suddenly ceased, and whilst some fellows remained on the forecastle to c-i' the anchor, others hoisted a portion of tin; f ire and aft canvas, for the wind wa3 eastward of south, aiid our load out of the Sound cuibled those sails to draw. We were a litLle ship and light, being of course in ballast, though iu excellent trim ; and the iug hiving got a good grip, swept us seawards sm irtly. The breakwater twirled by as though iu v.-nre pivoted in the centre and revolving, and \o;i saw the summer water creeping up an.l down the outer incline of it in breaks of troth, like th'j white fingers of a blind woman gropiuz. There was so much to look at, coupled with the sense that a long voyage had fairly begun, ; wt ; that I suppose we had no words for one another. We excited little interest: snucks and open boats were passed close, but hardly an eye was lifted to our ship. Oat at sea were three or four yachts—mere leaning shifts of moonlike silver—beyond them was a full-rigged ship hidden to her courses, and looking so wan that one almost started to feci that the phantasm was a towering, massive reality. It was a most lovely afternoon, the mild wind was full of s-.veetnis;, ::;l whenever ic swept alcn^ in a_'[r,i:'.:er keithing, the heavens whence it earns teemed t J lighten by a shade, whilst over oar <n'.urter the blue deepened, as though the sapphire ether were a material e!<i3ti3 substance that could be thickened or attenuated by a weight of air. "Charming bit of scenery this !" sv.l Mr. Hornby, breaking the silence; " though I shouldn't like to be cast away yonder, pointing to Rame Head, on a black night full of frost. What need is there to leave England lor line views aud all that sort of thing, don't you know? This is quite a s:>3t to spcud f ne'shonevmoon iu, I tleclarel" and the little iellow jerking, himself on to his feet, pecke I . ml i>eered around with his nostrils dilated and admiration strong in his bright s:nalt eyes. rdr. Edwards burst into a lau^h. gracioi^, Hornby ' haven't you h:id enough J{ honeymoons? Isn't one s\iiii-ient ia a lifetin?e?'' " It's the most tedious part of rr.iri ic-il life,' ' exclaimed Mrs. Ins-;Ietield. " Mr. Aubyn, whe:i ; voumairy- o!i, I'beg pardon, perhaps you «)v married:' " Not yet," said I. " Tbtn when you marry stipulate tUa"; there shall be no honeymoon,'' eoatiaued she. " Yen can't conceive how boring it is. People ought to plunge into life at ea:e, | instead of locking themselves up—unless, or" course they're very spscny, whieh so seldam happens you know. " 1 glanced at the colonel; but I not::e l then, r.nd afterwards, that he took whatever his wife said as a matter of coarse. M:ss Kdv.ards did not look as if she thought Mrs. Icglttield's chatter eutertainicf- She tried to shange the subject by Baying to her father she boiled that the rheumatism would hive left him long before the English coast was again in sight. " Pray heaven !" he exclaime J, witii a | tender glance at her and then a bit of a scowl at his right ankle. But Mrs. Ini>ietieid was not to be swerved in this fashion. had not heard Miss Eslwai-ds. " Charley, do you remember how -prickly yo-.i bored me The colonel cast his dull black eyes aloft with a grin. "Mr. Hornby, will you believe me I found my husband most uninteresting until I £05 into the outside world again and mei other men ? Then he improved a little." X'hough her face was under a parasol, I thought it looked extrenily powdery at tliat moment, and her dress being of a reflective material—a mixture of silk or something of that kind—glistened in the sunshine with the tension, as it rose and sank, with her breathing and movements. "No, no, Mrs. Ingletield," criei little were centred ! Eh, colonel, during you iionsymoon, can you ever recollect Mrs. Inglefield removing her eye from your face?" : • " Oh, hang me if t know, Hornby !" s'loutel j the colonel. " It's too long ago, my boy, to recollect. I say, when does the tag main ta j let co cf us , ' As this question might have been heard o:i i the forecastle, Captain Pipes, who stood near ; j the mi/.'.ca rigaicg not far from us, ans.vered, j 1 "She'il drop us when clear of Rime He^d, : sir." : "Mr. Aubyn," exclaimed Mrs, Inglefield, j " what is that thing stuck up in the witer, : j tiierc-: ' pointing to the sea over t.ie ba'.v. i " The Eddystone Lighthouse," I replied. i "Oh, how interesting!"' said Miss ln.^Ie- I field, turning to look at tiie dim, delicate i line. | ! " The great Smeaton built that," said the : ! colonel. " A wonderful work, by George! It j : was there you know that a lightsaian's wife : ! : grew so fat that she couldn't be got do -vr. the ! staircase, and they had to remove the lantern j and lower her from the top." He l-iu^hed i ! boisterously, as a man sometimes will over a j j story he spoils. ; " Charley, don't be horrid," slid Mra. ! j Inglefield. j Here Hornby called out; " I say, Pipe?, did ! you ever hear of a woman growing so fat ia ^ pothouse yoader that they had to hoist ; w v h^ thiou^h the 1001. ! . Pipes approached and surveyed us wun his inimitable and indescribable lace, "Ican't say that ever I have," he replied. ! " I don't say it's unreasonable. Mv mother i when she died weighed three-aud-twenty stone from the want of exercise, and she was reckoned the finest woman ia Briihaui, though it's not for me to 3ay it. There's bit little walking to be got in a lighthouse. Steady !" he shouted to the mm at the wheel. "D'ye want to run away with the tuj? "What I've heard about that lighthouse, ladies is this; There were too keepers and ,one died. The relief was long iu corning, in conse'ineuce of £oal weather. When thma'am," addressing Mrs. Inglefield. " Weil, hen they had polished up ills senses, he ; xplained that he hadn't dared cast his deul j ate overboard for f?ar he ghguld be tho'Hhfc J to have murderea hiiii; to for days „ S/uCL iiys — . e and tbat corpse had been together. The ead chap's sperrit hung about for a tidy bit, 've heard, and would sometimes turn to and rim the lamps, and frighten the keepers in way to whiten the hau- upon their heads. e was ultimately disposed of by a gale of wind. It blew tremendously hard one middle atch, and it was reckoned the ghost, unable o bear up agaiust the weight of wind, was carried out into tbe Atlantic Ocean." Sikes, then stationed at Hongkong, came to ! —.-., Kt.-ld.-lrt <•»«/! vr.fi fr» it-H*:p at nncp r.l t'i> had died on the very night he had cone t my bedside." " Of dysenteryasked Hornby. " Certainly." shouted the colonel. " Lord bless me now exclaimed Captiin Pipes. " It's quite true," remarked Mrs, Iugl<:Se'iJ, speaking with an air of importance. "Charley told me his dream, aad I p it it down to indigestion." " It wasn't a dream, " cried the colonel. " It was a ghost." Pipes muttering "Lord bless me now" several times, stepped back to his former place, and sent his voice roaring along the deck in an order to get all three lower topsails loosed, ready for sheeting home. We were now soon to be left to ourselves. The sea beyond Rame Head lay broad and blue, and the red aud white bands of the Eddystone Lighthouse, with now and again a sort of shiver of brightness in its glass summit, were plainly to be made out against the light azure of the sky over the horizon on the port bow. The topsails had not been long loosed when the tug let fall our tow rope, and went sweeping round away from us, leaving a clean, throbbing, seething arc of foam on the water, whilst her skipper flourished a farewell to us form a paddle- box. The row that now followed put an end to conversation among us. The crew split themselves into several gangs ; one dragged the hawser on to the forecastle, others sheeted home the topsails, others hoistedsuch jibs and staysails as remained to be set; every job was productive of a hoarse song, and these rude and harsh notes were mingled with the orders of Captain Pipes, the calls of the mates, and the occasional shrill whistling of the boatswain. I drew away from my companions, and stood looking with much interest at the busy scene that recalled mv boyish experiences with a sharpness I had not found in them for many a long year. The crew seemed to.work with a will, and sprawled about in' true " lively hearty" style. To be sure they were new brooms, and should therefore sweep well. One after another the square sails were loosed and set, amid cries from the tops and i crosstrees, and long drawn songs on deck. • There was a rough music in the grinding of i hempen running gear travelling over rattling j sheaves in measured cadence with the voices j of the men singing that was pleasant to ' listen to. It resembled nothing in the world I that I could imagine, and was as much a j portion of the ship as the ribs which framed j her, or the planks which decked her. , And pretty it was to witness the | gradual growth of the canvas, like the : shoulders of white clouds looking one over | another; first the topsails, and then the top- : gallant sails, and then the royals, with staysails between, and the spanker hollowing aft, and jibs curving from the masthead to the jibbooms, until the Silver Sea wore all her . beauty, and the water tinkled along her bends like a ringing of little bells. The suu was to the westward of the south, aud Pipes was steering the ship right into his Hashing wake. Maybe the cheery old skipper would have preferred to give the helmsman a course that I'romised a wider ofling, bat the ship was olosc-haulcd, every bowline tait, the lower yards agaiust the 'ee ripg'ng, anl the utmost southing pissible w i.:M no; allow us to approae i t: c Eddystone wi.hia 10 miles. 