DEEP MIXING PHILOSOPHY. [To tht Editor of ike Advertiser.) air,-Air Vyui. Wilson h-\s coino up, smiling again, in ycijr i?sue of the .l.'Jtli, \yith a Jotter en titled " Deep Mining Philosophy against Science," endeavouring, according to dictation as usual, to turn my theories in ridicule. By the following ex planation tho pnblio will ba able to judge of the merits of genuine philosophy against this old time Bcionco. Mr Wilson Btutea that Pythagoras at tempted to decoive the inhabitants of his timo by pretending to write on the moou. He has again mistaken tho man, as he did with Pope. In an swer I Bay be must have been a tall fellow or been enabled to fly through spaoe to have accomplished euchafeat. History relates of this philosopl or' that h,3 was born 58'J B.C. at .Sidon, in Phoenicia, and woa eojisidgrod one of the most celebrated philosophers of antiquity, "The Golden Verses of Pytjingoras" may not bo on tho dusty shelves of the Long Gully Mechanics' Library; it thoy ara, Jet me entreat the libr.-uiin to rend them, and the ntyilQsnphor's biography also, and then he must feel-supposing a degeneration of man has not set in-that many descendants of Pythagoras are do jf/eiorit in jn£elject iu ijo£ foilowjDp out that wiao P3&ij;'c counsel, pyttyagoras did not clafm to bo 4n 03lfqit6fff.ee. As to thefcjieqry of "'trans^nigrif tion of souls,'' '(astray again,) porhajw Mr .Wjjson has not carefully considered my original opinion'pf this subject previously published, that if man per forms his designed mission on earth honestly, earnestly and faithfully, the equl need not (ear a hereafter. Tho philosophy of Pythagoras rimed '.it this advice, hut science ha* unfortunately left it severely alon-3. Mr Wilson is not an original writing medium, but has a weakness similar to other geologists of borrow ing from the brains of others to make capital of. If 1 went back to Woodward, Buffon, Werner, and other ancient writers for my philosophy, quoted Latin, and indulged in a plentiful supply of tech nical language, making my subject appear classical -alius fashionable-no doubt my opponent would laud " Progress" to the skies. Had I gono back to ancient, aye, to modern philosophy for my guid ance, deep-sinking for gold in this district would have been in abeyance for the coming generations to develop, and Sandhurst at present a sleepy_ hol low. Our paid masters or practical minors never give a word of encouragement in favor of deep mining progress,but runaway from Dan to lieersheba for illustrating geological subjects, instead of settling down to advise on tho present and future of our own local, and in f;ict, national miningindustry. Itwould appeartney fear to tread onociguial ground. I maintain that each saddle for mation on the great mineral beit of the universe is an iudax of succeeding growths of the globe. The mighty ocean is for over building up to form and substance this groat terrestrial ball. The purpose of the sea was not intended only for ships to sail upon its bosom. Tho ebbing and flowing of that vast expanse of mineral water bIIOW life and active work in perpetual motion. The sea is not tho plaything like our pestiferous smelling lakes Weeroona and Neangar for pleasure boats to bo rowed over. My Long Gully friend cannot enlist my sympathies in the doubtful "cooling down" process of the earth's crust. If ho will look up his Geneais he will find: "In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth." From what? Iinvite my nameBake W. W. to define the literal meaning of "creation." It cannot be said thatthe worldcame about by chance, and created afterwards. It must have "had a beginning." Every globule of air, although invisible is a substance. May not these small partie'es contain properties towards forming infant worlds, gathering strength, hardness, and erowth in their travel round our planet ? Tho heavens are dotted with millions of Dr. Watts' philosophy of stars. "Howl wonder what you are," Beyond again there are millions more in visible orbs of light. Meteors, that may have escaped the magnetic power of tho sun and fallen on the earth, have been examined, and found to contain mineral, vegetable and other substances. Where did these bodies of matter come from, and how did they originate? I say they are trtiant worlds. Space will not allow my indulging 111 a further hypothesis, but will conclude with another original theory of coal seams, which my friond so delights to talk abouf. My opinion about these formations is that they grow, like everything else. One-sided philosophy tells us they are tho remains of forest trees, laying buried in the earth. There must have been a wonderful uniformity in their distribution, if this science be true. Coal veins conform to the mineral kingdom like quartz in our lino3 of strata. I have seen lately in the newspapers that the Magdala Company, Stawell, have piven up their ghost of a mino, after expending £130,000 in sinking and prospect ing to, 2,500 feet deep, and boring COO feet below that, without ever paying a dividend. I have several times previously written about tho one sided philosophy of this venture. Had science of the " Original Progress" school of thought -been studied, that waste of money would have been ex pended in a wiser purpose. As a reminder to Mr. Wilson, the Magdala shaft was not sunk on the crown or growth of a saddle formation but outside of it, beyond the limit of the " legs" of reef. Of cmrse iny humble philosophy was not taken notice of, whereby these thousands sterling would have been saved, when I saw deep sinking for gold must ba made on the rortical lodes, aud instances are continually bBen practically illustrated that the crowa of tho raef is the only aud proper place for the shaft. It is difficult to make everybody understand my meaning, but I icpeat that the lines of strata can best be judged down this per pendicular than at any other pait of tho mine. It is true that slides often throw the centre country out of the plumb line ; but only for this "fault.' the saddle form intsrmediately under each other as true as the line of equinox. Mr Wilson con cludes his letter by referring again to ventilation in the deep ground of minos. My friend is very hard to grasp_ a subject. There need be no oc casion to drive several hundred feet in barren ground for tho purpose of purifying thejmines with good air. I stated a " given number of feet" a3 an epitome for tho good government of ventilating mines. My philosophy in this respect is that the law of the land should have made it compulsory for mine owners to properly ventilate mines. It was never ordained that man should be compelled to work in an impure atmosphero. Mining buccoss on Hendigo would have been moro abundant had the laws of ventilation been studied and enforced from the commencement. Thosa terrible long dis tances of driving levels, which Mr. Wilson 'groans ovor, would not now have existed had economy been exercised in the allotment of leases. I hope the next time my opponent is inspired to write again ho will obtain a more advanced "control" and turn on to another leaf and give the mining world something new to profit by. He has failed hitherto. Originality is the kind of novelty re quired in these days of intellectual advancement. We want to know more and more over)' day about the majestic structure of this great grooving globe, the mighty ocean, and of the mineral and all other resources. Come out of your shell, Mr Wil son, and do not be considered a " drybones" any longer. If deep down mining philosophy is not in his line, let him enlarge upon the " timber famine," which will surely obt,in in this district. lStMicligo is being donuded of treos, without a fresh supply being planted. Deop sinking for the gold will be retarded in tho futuro unless efforts aro not made to kotp tho sunulv of timber and fuel mini to the demand. Yourf, etc., THE OKIGINAL PROGRESS. 25th September. 