THE V.A.T.C STEEPLECHASE j ,,.,, MEETING. v ,,.' [Argus, August 17.] The Victoria Amateur Turf Club hold their steeplechase meeting at Caulfield on. Saturday, and although the weather was broken, and a couple of smart showers fell at inconvenient periods, the attendance was decidedly good. The racing commenced with the Sapling Stakes,, for which a splendid field of 22 2yrs old' came to the starting post. Notwithstanding a disappointment at Moonee Valley on the previous Saturday, Louise lie) Um was again made a strong favourite. Indeed, so confident was Mr. L. L. Smith of repeating last year's feat, when Melodious won so easily, that starting at 10 to The backed the daughter of Damwcll until the ring men would offer nothing better than 3 to 1. Louise Berta looked as well as anything in the race, most of the youngsters being above themselves. The favourite being w Uli 'Anita next the rails, had a good position, but are only allowed in front as the field swung round into the straight, and the race was then practically over. The boy riding her, however, foolishly turned right round in his saddle, and eased the filly, so that when Copo out Edith came with a rush, the favourite was only landed winner by a bare half head, and inacouploof strides more must two been beaten. It was a race as nearly as possible thrown away. Garibaldi, who was a good deal fancied, ran third. It was a noticeable point that the three placed horses all had their early lessons in racing at Caulfield. A field of 13 horses came out to contest for hurdle race honours. The fact that the followers of the Dowling Forest stable had backed Huntsman in doubles with Wymlet led to a great deal of straight-out business about the former, and the odds against him at starting were 5 to 2, not too liberal considering the character of the race. The Agent, notwithstanding his load, was, at 4 toil, and Hippogriff had found support at a point more. In the first round '(The Ghost, in trying to jump through instead of over the hurdle opposite the stand, rolled over, and shot Batty away to one, side. Devizes fell at the top of the hill, and in the second round The. Aco came to grief at the back of the course near the mud wall. Cope, who rode him, was brought in by the ambulance, his face covered with mud, but he was not seriously hurt. Corrigan kept the favourite in a good position all through, while The Agent cantered along lengths behind anything in the race. Approaching the turn (for the last time he closed up, and going past the others with the greatest ease camp home a most comfortable winner by six lengths. It was a great performance, and the cheers from all parts of the course showed that the morit.ofitho feat was quite recog nised As the bright little chestnut both in action and build a genuine Arab-carno back to the paddock there was nothing to show that he had just won a tu 5-mile race except the damp saddle mark, for otherwise he had not turned a hair, and not the slightest mark of whip or spur could be seen. The Agent's double victory at Flemington and Caulfield in 1885 is likely to be remembered. Duration led the rest of the field home, but Huntsman did not got a better position than fifth. 'J The chief event, the Grand National Steeplechase, came next, and the fact of all nine horses being backed showed that the race was considered it very open one. Wymlot's position was not weakened by the failure of the other half of the double, and he was a sound favourite at odds of 5 to 2 against him. The "Agent's easy victories many to suppose that the Adelaide people had the double in their own hands, and the stable were very confident on the point. Governor who, with Ferguson in the saddle, looked just the stamp of a horse to win a steeplechase had therefore a cordial sup- port The- trio, Sailor, Granville, and Liz otto, were equally backed at 7 to 1. The steeplechase course was much more formid- able than when the Marquis of Waterford scored his victory last year. 1 Opposite the stand a big double had been added in the shops of palings and a typical " chock and legs' Viewed from the take-off side, the white palings Beamed terribly high, and trouble was anticipated at this point. Nor were these conjectures wrong, for starting up near the turn the horses were obliged to take the palings at the very outset, and Governor and Vulcan both came down. Ferguson was quickly astride the Adelaide horse again, but the fall had its effects), for Governor baulked the top of the hill. ¿ At the fence beyond this point little Minerva tumbled over, and on rising limped away on three logs. Lady, Ashton led throughout nearly the whole of the race, and her jump- ing was something remarkable. She sprung, seeing, over the last fence, that exclamations of sin prise were board all i otipd the course, and right through the brothers was an unusual quantity of daylight both of the place and the top of the timber. Wymlet, on the other hand, jumped in the most slovenly style, hitting his fences hard with both fore and hind legs Indeed the Ballarat horse may be said to have climbed over rather than jumped the fences, and it was a marvel how he kept on his legs Only an accomplished horsoman'likd'Corrigan could have kept astride him, and one, or to see the rider was shifted by the shock clean out of the saddle Going past the stand the second time the pal- ings were too much for the big junior Stud ley. jMr.MWatson.iomountou the horse and took him althologSjbut Studley ran right into the fence and stopped. Tow arise the finish it seemed that Lady-' Ashton' would never be healed and this might have been the case had she not swerved far out at the turn, This old fault on the part of the main gave Granville his opportunity, and he got a couple of lengths lead as they landed over the brush fence in the straight. Here Hunt showed his judgment, for, although well in front, hollow Lady Ashton's superioress, and never slackened his over tions on Gran ville | for, an instant,, As expected, Lady, 'Ashton carne easy first as soon as the jockey ffottho mare straightened, but the swerve lad lost bor the race, for Hunt, riding Gran ville !dospoiataly,(got the Havanna horse home a winner by half a length, Linette being third. Granville, it will be lemon 'Shred, commenced i w off at a Caulfield some time > ago by winning a , steeplechase in his maiden attempt over the course, and so- ; -period the feat when, through the load not being clearly marked, the race was ordered to be run over again. The toast table incidents, iii the i nee was that little Minerva, bred in Tasmania,! a more pony amongst steeplechasers, broke one of her forelegs above the knee, and has since been destroyed. This would have been done on Saturday but for the fact that the mare was insured for £400 two days before the race in the Australasian Live Stock Insurance Command, it was necessary to have a veterinary surgeon's" certificate as to her iiselossnos8,,Woro show could be shot. Governor was also strained in Ms fill, and this no doubt accounted for his ref used to jump when remounted. The day's racing finished with a seven furlongs senator between the 25 horses who saddled for the Balaclava Stakes. / Too Too was made the favourite, and the big mare should have won had Bhoiboon ridden with a batter judgment. After boating everything round to the straight she was unwisely loosed, and Cracks noll.Tbringitiff Bphomian'wittt wonderful rush right between the loading horses, won by a ! nock. It was a daring, piece of horse manship, and worthy of rank among some of the boat feats performed by the crack light-weight rider. 