traveller. .- Three Weeks in Southland, Jf.Z. Bx Fiunk Moriiew CGontinuctl.') From Kingston to Queenstown the scenery is comparatively tamo for Lake Wakatip ; although, if the tourist were to limit his ex cursion to Queenstown, he would probably be under the impression that the gorges and mountains that he passed in review as the littlo Mountaineer steamed on its way wero tolerable specimens of nature under difficul ties. Every quarter of a mile or so a minia ture casoade would come tumbling down from the mountains, and some of them never reached the Lake at all but were frozen in their course, and remained hanging like a Bilver thread partly lost amid the dense growth of cabbago palms, ferns, and sorub, whioh olothed the western slopo of the moun tains from the water's edge. Although Tennyson, so far as I know, never visited Lake Wakatip,, he has described the appearance of those tiny rivulets to por feotion in the Lotos Eaters — ' Like a silver thread the slender stream To fall, and pause, and fallagain did seem.' About half-way between Kingston and Queens town tho river Incby comes tumbling down a gloomy gorge, guordod by two snow-clipped mountains, which stand lilco sentinels watch ing tho river as it rushes over its shingly bed to minglo its waters with tho mighty Wakatip. This is callod Half-way B ly— 11 very prosaic namo for the first romantic spot which greets the traveller on his way to tho moro gor geous scenery at tho head of the lake. In tho meantime the little Mountaineer i* steaming along past tho snow-capped moun tains whioh appear to cloro in behind her, and in front present an impenetrable wall, where ' Hills peep o'er hill.-', and Alps on Alps arise 1 ' until the very grandeur ot the Bceno becomes monotonous, and I descend into the littlo cabin, whero I find my commercial friend sound asleep over a yellow back novel, on tho crimson cushions of tho cosy littlo saloon. I also endeavor to hecoino interested in a French novel which I had picked up pro miscuously in a Sydney book-stall; and if tho novel wns not quite so enthralling as the title of 'LaFommu de Cue' would lead one to expect, it was ocrtninly amusing to read a Frenchman's opinions of the ' ladies and gentleman New-YorJtais,' which were per haps more original than corrcct. According to this veracious Frenchman tho average 'gentleman New- Yorhais' mar ries one week and is divorced the next. His lifo is a choice mixture of true religion and brandy cock-tails, tempered ' avec le re volver.' The hero of this choice specimen of Gaelic literature is one James Gobson, who in the opening chapter playfully knocks one of his wife's teeth out, and artistioally cuts off her left ear. He then disappears into the Rocky mountains, from whence he despatches a band of Red Indians, who capture his wife from the centre of a circlo of admiring friends who, at hor invitation, are enjoying tho delights of ' mi hal masque!' The body of a woman )t subsequently found floating in tho river, and is identified as Miss Idallickard (otherwi?e Mrs. Gobson). By the way, Mrs. Gobson is always called Miss Ida, whioh is an additional proof of tho author's familiarity with American manners and customs. James Gobson is suspected of being the murderer of his wife, whose supposed body has been identified; and he is about to bo arrested when he coolly walks into the detective ofiice with a cigar in his mouth. In spite of his assertions that Ida Rickard is still alive, he is about to be hanged, to the great satisfaction of a Yankee mob, who are yelling for his blood, when Ida Rickard herself turns up. Tho living Ida llicliard and the dead Ida Rickard are as much alike as Crcsar and Pompey ; and tho new- comer is also minus a tooth and an ear in a precisely similar man ner to the corpse. The supposed murderer, James Gobson, is now released amid tho en thusiastic acclamation of the mob which, only five minutes before, was howling for his blood. Then tho divorced Mr. and Mrs. Gobson are ro-married, and the presumption is that the playful Gobson will now proceed to cut off his wife's other ear and knock out another tooth or so, in the accustomed man ner of tho 'gentlemen New-Yorhais.' But a preternaturally acute detective, William Dow, still persists in believing that James Gobson has killed his wife ; so ho has a cast of tho dead Ida Rickard taken in wax; and this ' Femme de Cire' plays a very im portant part in unravelling the mysteries of tho rather ghastly story. It appears that James Gobson, who must have been a very nice man for a small tea-party, had killed his wife, and married his deceased wife's sister. Then he had out off his deceased wife's sister's ear, and knocked out one of his deceased wife's sister's teeth in order to make the re semblance of the twin sisters more exact. Then he re-marries his deceased wife's sister, pretending that she is his deceased wife, whom ho thus praatically demonstrates not to be deceased at all. In the long run, of course, James Gobson is hanged; but it would have been muoh better if he had been hanged in the first chapter, both for the writer and reader of this remarkable novel. But while my friend the commercial is snoring on one side of the littlo saloon, and I am trying to become interested in this gory tragedy on the other, the Mountaineer is speeding on her way to Queenstown, and from the little windows of the saloon I can see that we are still passing gloomy gorges and snow-capped mountains, which appear to be getting wilder and more rugged the further we proceed. We reach Queenstown about i o'clock, and a most charming little hamlet it looks with the little white houses, putting one in mind of a township of Liliput, on the shores of a perfect little miniature bay, hanked bv mountains of brobdincnaaian nro portions. As our steamer slowly made for the little jetty we had time to take a good view of the little town and its surroundings before getting too close to lose the effect of the scene as a whole. To our right, as we steamed in, was a sort of little peninsula, planted with bluo gums — a tree which seems to flourish better in New Zealand than in Australia ; and, indeed, I question whether the Tasmanian blue gum is not quite as much at home in New Zealand ae in its native island. As we stand on the deck of the steamer and look over the little peninsula which helps to form the little bay, our view is stopped by a rugged mountain masB which shoots straight up from the water, and looks like a gigantic cross-cut saw with teeth 6,000 feet high, pointing skyward, and over which some playful Titans had scattered flour in sport. These are ' the Remarkable Mountains ; ' but why they should be more remarkable than the ten thousand other mountains which are visible at the same time, it is hard to say. They are certainly rugged and steep, and razor backed ; with angry looking black teeth jutting out of the pure white snow which vainly trieB to cling to tho smooth, shining surface, springing up almost perpendicularly until lost in the clouds and miBts. They are old and haggard looking ; scarred and seamed, and torn with the storms and tempests, and frosts of ten million years or more; but they aro no moro remarkable than any one, or any ten thousand other mountains which crowd and jostlo each other for standing room around Lake Wakatip, By this time we are at the Queenstown wharf, and a large proportion of the inhabi tants of Queenstown, in the shape of two men and a boy, are there to witness our disembark ation. Half of the entire passenger list of the Mountaineer, from Kingston to Queenstown, leavo the steamer at the latter port, when my friend the Commercial steps on shore. He is bound for the Arrow, a mining township about fifteen miles further on, and the centre of a considerable diggings, about whioh the name of the Shotover recalls familiar recollections. But before he goes we adjourn to Eiohardt's hotel, where we drink our firBt whisky since leaving tho Elbow. The hospitable and motherly landlady welcomes my travelling companion as an old acquaintance ; and as I have only a limited time at my command, she advises mo to go on by the boat to the head of tho Lake, and return to Queenstown by the Sarah-Jane, another of tho Wakatip steam boats. At 5 o'clock, then, the third whistle of tho Mountaineer (which, by the way, Bounds more liko a fog-horn) breaks tho silence, and rever berates from the hills, and advises all pas sengers to embark. -. It was nearly dark whon we baoked away from tho Queenstown wharf. The mists were gathering thiol: upon the mountains ; and these snow-draped giants looked liko so many ghosts brooding over some black tarn in a gigantio spirit land. Now we are swal lowed up in the darkness, and the last lights of Queenstown havo disappeared. With nothing visible but the inky black water, of whioh ono is only conscious by the percep tion of an added blackness, and an occasional glimpse of a ghostly something on our right, whioh, disappearing Bternward, we presume to be the rocky shore of the lake within reach, almost, of an outstretched hand ; while high above our head, and apparently overarohing the lake, and reaching out to meet each other in the gloom, are . huge masses of darkness vlsiblo; these wo instinc tively acae.pt as the mountains 'everlastingly towering to tho sky, and now only visiblo be causa more blackly invisible than the murky vault abovo them. In such a ccene as this it inuit havo bctm : that Ed^ar Allen Poo cjncaivedhi'i mystical poem, Ula'.ume: — 'Tho skies they wore ashen and sober; ' Tho leaves they wore crisp6d and sere — ? Tho leaves they were withering , and sere ; It was night iu the loucsoma Oitober Of my most imuiomori si yenr. It was hard by the dim lako of Atiher, In tho lhisty raid region of Weir It was down by tho dark tarn of Auber, In tho ghoul-haunted woodland of Weir.' In Buch a scene as this tho poet wandered 'througtfan alley Titanic of oypress ' with Psycho his soul. But jt requires tho s.iul ut a poet to extract tho hidden beauties of Mi-ih a scene lis this. Hidden they are indouil; for thoro is absolutely nothing bu*. djrknMH visible, unless what inav be vUiblu ' t-:i thu mind's eye, Horatio.' llut hero cotntM the captain, who, up to this piint, has bet-n-np m thobridgo, and wo get into can* million ii'mut things in general and Like 'Navigation in particular. The ship's certificate, hanging at the head of the companion-way, gives us tho folio ting information about our captain aud his vessel : — Name of tho steamer : Mountaineer. Port of registry : Dunedin. Name of master : Edward Thomas Wing. Registered tonnage : 6G. And I may os woll acknowledge at once that I was very muoh exercised iu my mind as to tho reason why such n good seaman who, liko Captain Corcoran, liss ' sailed the ocean blue and who, moreover, is a genial, worthy gentleman, should be content to navigato Lake Wakatip in a toy steamer. But Captain Thomas Wing knows what ho is about, and doubtless he has good and potent reasons for sticking to a post which is err tainly less profitable than others that he might easily aspire to. It is not to lie sup posed that navigating Lake Wakatip is less difficult than intercolonial navigation. Under certain conditions, I should think it would be much moro hazardous. Here wo are now steaming along full speed in pitchy darkness without a solitary light or land mark visible. On our right is a rocky wall plunging down into unfathomablo depths. Wo cannot see the rocky shore, but we know, or at least suppose, it is within say four hun dred yards of our starboard bow. On our left is another rooky wall, springing from equally unfathomable depths. These two rocky walls are constantly altering their position in ac cordanee with tho serpentine twists or the lako — or rather the lake alters to suit thoir contortions. Right in front of us, and stretching across the lake from wall to wall — we cannot say from shore to shore, as thero is practically no shore — aro a series of rocky islands, through which, in the blackness of darkness, the captain, by some sort of blood instinct or inspiration, has to thread his way, Ocean navigation is mere child's play to this. Hero, ten minutes' steaming in a wrong direction, or post a cortain point (which point in tho darkness can only be guessed at), and the vessel is hurled upon a wall of rock ; and if sho were tho Great Eastern herself she would be swallowed up, and leave not a ripple on the surface in less than five minutes. There, out in the high seas, if the captain is dubious of his position, he can turn his vessel's head towards the South Pole, or wherever he lilte3 into illimi tible waters, and steam away with safety until daylight. (To be continued.) 