THE TANTALUS ROUND TABLE. BBISBANE SCHOOL OF AETS. BY VEISONTWÀI, THAT O roan neither [blind nor absolutely witless should; with tho title of a book before him, make Buck a blunder as to write "The Secret of Death" for "The Song Celestial," and then from so big a blunder slip back to correct transcription of tho rest of the title, might well be regarded as an almost impossible happening, yet such and no less was the blunder I mado in transcribing the title of Edwin Arnold's latest book in the last paper of this series. On the discovery of the error two or three days after the paper's appearance, I did what I could to correct it by inserting a paragraph in the Courier, and now hero I ïopeat the confession and self-condemnation, lest soma who read and detected the error did «not seo the correcting paragraph, 1 One other preliminary point ..-.That now "books should be for a time placed on the Hound Table that readers may seo what now books have been bought, and what those new "books are like, is, I think, a prudent provision ; but that now books so placed should be kept thero for a long timo is neither prudent nor easily endurable by average book-devouring mortals. Steps have now, however, beon taken to limit the probation period of the new books to say a fortnight, after which they »re to pass for good or ill into tho whirl of circulation. There is still another word by the way, merely to lut off mdignation. I havo just been ¿lancing through the latest-bound volume of "Harper." In a series of papers on "The Great Hall of William Ruf us," my eyes have fallen upon tho Words, "The bloody King struck a teeming brain and a noble heart out of life, as well as cleaved off a head, when he stretched Sir Thomas More .... whose lifo was of blameless beauty." Bah ! as though the man didn't simply get a part only of what he de- served, for, had he not, without apparent com- punction, sent John Firth and other noble men to the stake. Happily for the world the whirli- gig of time brings in its revenges. It is to be hoped the articles are generally more in accord with fair fact than that precious bit is. .Now to business in real earnest :-"A Diary cf Two Parliaments," by Henry W. Lucy. This bonny octavo of about 500 pages covers the Disraeli Parliament 1874-1880; a second like volume "is in active preparation," which is to do like scrvico for the Gladstone Parlia- ment. Mr. Lucy, of whom I have no know- ledge, dedicates his work to "The Earl of Rosebery, who suggested the plan of the hook," and in the preface soys, " The volumes aro literally what they profess to bo, a diary of ?events passing under the eye of an observer. «The record was penned often within an hour «of the- event. Some portions of it were actually printed in the Daily News of the following morning, and others within the current week in the World, or the Observer," so the book is not a collection of the reminiscences of some earrulous old man,~but observation of things actually passing, recorded by a clover fellow who ««its watching them pass. To say that the volume is intensely, interesting is putting in but tame style an'cstimatoof its character. That it will bo read by all who take an inttrest in politics may be pretty safely predicted ; that it will be read by all members of Parliament, elsewhere and here, may be safely asserted-it is merely to bo hoped that some will profit by whot thoy read, for they do not know how soon some local Lucy may fix them as H. W. L. hero fixes members of the British Parliament. The book teems with graphic pictures. A few bare specimens will «enliven a paragraph. "Macdonald, themembor for Stafford, who got in at the general election as the ' working man's member. . . . rose, and in impressive manner stated that ho should * feel it his dooty,' in the name of the working man, to oppose tho vote ; so here he is to-night, standing far out on the floor of tho House, as is his modest wont, oscillating from side to side as it he were training for the office of pendu- lum, and rubbing Himself about the waist with his right hand. The whilo he emphasises his nothingnesses upon the attention of the openly contemptuous House, by the shaking of the left forefinger. G. explains this curious restless motion of the right hand over the waist by -the suggestion that Macdonald is feeling for the it's he drops as he goes along." Then follows tho speech he made on that particular occasion. A few pages further on is a thrilling descrip- tion of the terribly thrillingPlimsolloutburst,' 22nd July, 1875, after the announcement had been modo by Disraeli that the Merchant Shipping Bill hod to ne sacrificed for the sake of the Agricultural Holdings Bill. Plimsoll, labouring under profound emotion, protested against the abandonment in such a fashion as to produce an excite- ment but rarely known in such an assembly. Sir Robert Peel is " in personal appearance a cross between Victor Emanuel and the late Napoleon III., being not quite so ugly as the former, and considerably less profound-looking than the latter. As a Parliamentary speaker, he is not a bad imitation of Smollett, But he has less literary culture, and, when settling himself to raise a laugh, trusts more to absolute buffoonery than to incisive if coarse invective." Concerning the Smollett mentioned above, readers in search of amusement may turn to page 445. To the book itself, good reader ; I must go no further here, or I might fill column after column with racv anecdote, laughter provoking incident, telling descriptions of per- sonal peculiarities, and the like. Personally I sholl* await with eager desire the Gladstone volume, and-so I think will most of those who read this, ' ' < '.", Madagascar and France, with some account of tho' island.'its people, its resources, and de- velopment^' by' George A. Show, F.Z.S., landon Mission", Tamatave, is, as to ap- pearance andgonerol get-up, a sort of sister book vto "Work and Adventure in, New Guinea," by Chalmers and Gill, dealt with in a 'recent .paper. It is a full 'book, the production of a capable man, and moy bo safely token in hand by such as desire to know something about so re- markable a people as tho Malagasy, and by .such as desire to bo well acquainted with the history of the relations between Madagascar and France, relations which, so far as Franco is concerned, have been characterised by a per- sistent perfidiousnesstoo often fairly chargeable against that nation when it.deals with weaker peoples. Many pages of this book will remind some readers of what was done by the same France in Tahiti, the imprisonment çf Mr. Pritchard finding its like in the imprisonment ?of Mr. Shaw. After a general description of the island, and of Malagasy civilisation, comes a chapter on the origin of the Malagasy, in which Mr. Shaw argues, I think successfully, against the African and in favour of the Malay 'and Western Polynesian origin. Among the 'points named in support are, for example, tho use of bark-cloth ; tho oath or bond by blood "fàta-dia" (dra, I moy hero Bay by way of addition to the argument, is the Fijian word for blood) ; the common people sitting, not standing, in tho presence of chiefs ; and the practice of taboo. Following these wo havo a history of attempts to colonise Madagascar from 10431814. then the history of the French claims, with tho embassy, the hostilities, the ultimatum, the bombardment of Tamatave. &c;, all full of interest to most, but humiliating to the French. The chapter on the present civil and religiouB. Btate of the Ma- lagasy excited in mo large Burpriso, and will pro- bably affect others in Uko manner. The volume closes with chapters on the fauna and the flora of Madagascar. The Malagasy abundantly .proved themselves more highly civilised than -their polished invaders ; when the ultimatum had bci-n received, the Government did not seize or imprison the French residents. " The .Gucnn had said that though tbey were fighting the French, these priests and Sisters of Mercy Taust reach the coast in safety." These words -were spoken at the capital, Antananarivo, and *the coast, Tamatave, was 220 miles away, but thither, so far, wero those French folk safely escorted. The villainous bombardment of Tauia.tD.ve was not without its ludicrous fea- tures. "The French landed in the utmost confu- sion on the beach opposite the British Consulate. A. more disorderly landing can scarcely bo imagined : tho men all seemed to bo talking .and bbouting together, and the officers seemed .to be chiefly engrossed with the problem of "how to gib through the surf without wetting .their boots." One says well of the book : .»' Throughout the book Mr. Shaw shows an absence of bias, and does not let his wrongs run riiit, with his reason ; tho writing displays ?shi-uwd conimun- sense, and moreover has suffi- cient interest to make the reading most .jpal&table.;" " The Secret of Death (from the Sanscrit), .with somo collected Poems," will bo sought .-»'ter and relished by Mr. Edwin Arnold's JriiMidB. The poem which gives the chief title vbo the bot>k ii but a short one, filling in fact Tbut' thirry-four of the book's 400 pagos, and .jpnrporrs to have its scene "in a temple beside I -the River Moota-Moola, ncor the city of ¿"oona," whero "a Brahmin priest and on ¿English ' Sahob' read together from a Sanskrit MS. the first three ValiiB or'Lotus-stems'of ithe Katha Upanishod." Of the collected -poems, mention may here he made of " Hero .and Leander," "The Epic of the Lion" (from $he French of Yictor Hugo's ."L'Art d'etre Orandpèro"), ''Tho Bajpoot Wife,4; *" The Three BOBOS"-the maiden's, the widow's, and tho harlot's, "The Cholera in Italy," suggested by Milláis's sketch, represent- ing a skeleton shooting an arrow'by night into -the habitations' of a fortified' town; I'YThe Shadow of the Cross," also suggested by a picture, that of Holman Hunt's, in which the uplifted forra of Christ, resting with oxtended arms from His labour in the carpenter's shop at Nazareth, throws upon the wall of the Virgin's house a figure of a cross. Thoro are sixty or seventy others of various length and metre. "Karolino Bauer aud the Coburgs," trans- lated and edited from " Nachgelassene Memoiren von Karoline Bauer." Of thi8 work thero aro two copies, one in two volumes just in from Mudie's, and one in one 'volume pub- lished by Vizetolly, bought here. Of the latter the opening of tho translator's proface says, "This vorsion of Caroline Baucr'a Memoirs contains all the matter of the original work having relation to tho important per- sonages in England, and likely to prove interest- ing to the English readers of the present day." Now, what snail I say of this book, this re- markable book? Caroline Bauer, of whoso strange life this book is tho record, was the daughter of Heinrich Bauer, a lieutenant and adjutant in a Baden regiment of dragoons, and of Christina Stockmar, his spouse, who was a near relative-I havo lost the run of tho rela- tionship-of the noted Baron Christian Stock mar, who figured so largely in his connection with Prince Leopold, Queen Victoria, Prince Albert, and the Princess Royal. Ohristina says :-" I was born, as testified by my certifi- cate of baptism in the vestry-book of the Pro- testant Church of the Holy Ghost at Heidel- berg, in thoyear of our Lord 1807, on the 29th March, at Heidelberg, and on the 10th April baptised," &c; " Church of the Holy Ghost." These words sot mo off at a tangent ; the affair was so rich. I rofer to what is recorded in Carlyle's "Frederick the Great," book iv., chap. 10. This very Church of the Holy Ghoat was the principal place of worship in Heidel- berg, and was used by both Protestants and Roman Catholics. The priests of the latter faith thought it would be so much- nicor to have the wholo place; so working, as thoy know how, upon Karl Phillip, the ruler there, they got the Protestants driven out of the church and into the street, had the screen taken down, and made one big beautiful Catholic Church of ' it. The ' ejected Pro- testants remonstrated, but in vain; they appealed to sundry, but also in vain ; at length they turned to Frederick Wilhelm-Great Fred's father-one of the truest kings the 'world has known, and their appeal to him was not vain. He bad watched with warming wrath these and other nibblinga at Protestant rights, and now resolved to stop them. The first step waa to remonstrate with Karl P. This brought what he expected nothing. He then sob about the affair in another way. In his own dominion were cer- tain important Catholic foundations; ho caused the canons, abbots, and chief priests to be assembled and addressed in something like this style :-"You can bear witness that from your Protestant sovereign you have had best usage and fair play. With the Protestants of Heidelberg, on the part of Catholic Powers, it is different- indeed thoy have been turned out into the street, and so on. This difference must be no longer, and as I cannot interfere in Karl's dominions I will operate in my own. This I can and will do. Now, listen I Until that Heidelberg Church of the Holy Ghost business is set right your churches here are closed against you, your public worship and revenues cease. It is for you, not for me, to speed the restoration day." And so it was, the hardly-used Catholics shrieked piteously, not to Fred W.-they know he was deaf to suoh a cry-but to Kaiser, to Pope,_ and to Karl. F. W. kept firm hold of the animal's tail in spite of the animal's bellowing, and in this wise pounded away ; within three months there is a reinstatement of the ejected. Read the story for yourselves, friends; it's just grand, and while you're in the humour read what the same F. W. did in the interests of certain Salz- burgers in book ix., cb., iii. Now back to the book. Caroline grew up a fine, handsome lassie, became an actress, had a lot of lovers, and when she was about twenty-two she be- came, partly through aid of her relative Baron Stockmar, and with her mother's consent and her own, the morganatic, or something of that sort, wife of Prince Leopold of Coburg, who was then about forty. The relation did not continue more than a few weeks, and then came to an end. Caroline is bitter against Leopold and against her kinsman Stockmar, but I fancy Bhe might keep her bitterness to herself, for sho went into the business with her oyes open. Stockmar stated the case fairly enough beforehand, and Caroline would have it so. The book runs over with gossip, and is by no means lacking in fine scandal about royal Îieoplo, Leopold, who has been so highly auded for his wisdom and general goodness, does not show well with the gloss and glamour off. Indeed, I could not help feeling that if such a being was fit to be a king, a king's work can't be very difficult, and if I could not do it as well as he, I'd eat my head. Readers will laugh at Leopold's " drizzling," for it was a very laughable thing. They will laugh, feel indignant, and feel swear perhaps over many things in the work, The books will be in demand. " Lectures on the influence of the Institu- tions, Thought, and Culture of Rome on Christianity and the development of the Catholic Church," by Ernest Renan, trans- lated by Charles Beard, is a cheap edition of Renan's Lectures, delivered by him on the Hibbert foundation in Westminster Abbey Chapter-house in 1880. The volume ia not a large one, but it is a brilliant plea for .' Liberty as the line of conduct which in rela- tion to religion, tho State, and the individual ought to pursue." "Liberty, the great dis- solvent of fanaticisms;" "The best weapon against tho enemies of liberty." "To dony liberty of thought is a species of contradiction. But from liberty of thought to the right of saying what one thinks, is only a single step. For the right of all is the same. I have no right to forbid any man to express his opinion; ne man has the right to forbid me to express mine." This will appear commonplace to .*' those who believe themselves to be in posses- sion of absolute truth. But we have ono great advantage over them. To be consistent they are compelled to persecute ; while to us it is permitted to bo tolerant- tolerant to all, even to those who, if they could, would not be tolerant to us." Such words have the right ring about them. Historic lore, philosophic contemplation, and fino yearning for full free- dom meet and find utterance in this book. " The Poets' Beasts, a sequel to The Poets' Birds," by Phil Robinson, seems to be a sortof Olia Podrida of what poets have said, and what plain men, more practical than poets, have ob- served about sundry beasts. I can Bay no more about it now, I'll reserve it for anothor day. A box from Mudie has just come to hand, so my friends will probably hear from mo again before very long. TILE Townsville Bulletin of the 26th Septem- ber says :-The adjourned meeting of the trustees of the Townsville Grammar School was held yesterday afternoon. Amended ten- ders for the erection of the grammar school building and the teachers' residence were opened as follows: M'Mahon and Oliffe: School, £5280 ; residence, £1278. James Miller : School, £5600 ; residence, £1550. J. Palmer : School, £4412; residence, £2307. Mr. S. F. Walker proposed "That the tender of J. Palmer bo accepted subject to the approval of the Minister for Education, and to his de- positing five por cent on the amount of the tender, and that the matter of tho building of the teachers' residence remain in abeyance for the present." This was seconded by Dr. Ridgeley, and carried. The secretary reported that the sum of £1780 had been paid into the bank on account of the building fund. It was resolved that the plans for the school building be forwarded to the Minister for Instruction, together with particulars concerning Mr. Palmer's tender. It was resolved that tho trustees make a further canvass for contribu- tions, THB Wanoick Argus of the 3rd instant says:-The weather during the past week has been fine, and at time of writing there is no sign of rain ; watery looking clouds overcast the sky on one or two occasions, but invariably carried their freight away to other climes. The variation of the temperature has of late been considerable ; in the daytime the thermometer rises almost to summer neat, while at night it frequently falls as low as 40 . The atmosphere has been hazy and dirty, and tho weather-wise predict another season of drought, and conse- quent disaster for stockowners. The wheat crops, taken as a wholo, aro looking quite as well as can bo expected ; on the plains there will be a very poor yield, but some of the farmors on the high lands, moro particularly those about the heads of the creeks, expect very fair returns. The rain of a fortnight ago caused a nice spring of grass and herbage, but things will soon bo as bad as ever if the present parching weather continues. Dismal acceunts reach us concerning the crops in the Allora district ; there will be but a poor crop of hay, and less grain. Rain is badly wanted at Roma and the country beyond, and out St, George way ia littlo better tuan a desert, 