Cardinal Moran's Return. RECEPTION IN SYDNEY. The public reception of Cardinal Moran, in Sydney, on his return from Europe with a new papal distinction, has exceeded in public heartiness the welcomes accorded to him on calling: at Adelaide and Melbourne. The weather on Wednesday was splendid for the occasion. The Circular Quay was fringed with a dense crowd of sightseers all the morning, awaiting the arrival of Cardinal Moran, and the inducements offered to take a passage in the numerous, steamers lying alongside were most liberal. The sun was intensely hot, and this not only proved a great boon to the peripatetic fruit and " soft stuff " vendors along the wharf, but also caused a great run on the hotels of the Circular Quay. Sashes of various colors, green, of course, predominating, were to be seen generally around, and invitations for the best boat to meet the " Cardinal" were "touted" from every jetty. Many of the vessels which went down to Watson's Bay were poorly filled, and the great heat must have made it somewhat of a discomfort to those who had to stay alongside until noon. All points of 'vantage were seized upon by those anxious to witness the proceedings, and Mr. Watson, of the Paragon, had kindly given place on his verandah to a large number of ladies to witness the landing. The ship Dharwar never had so many people on board before as on Wednesday, and they also swarmed the rigging. Captain Hutchins said if he could only carry them all home at a fair rate, he would forswear wool freights, at least for this season. It. was not until twenty minutes past noon that the R.M.S. Liguria was signalled eight miles off the port, and then the various steamers prepared to depart for Watson's Bay. At last, amid fearful noise from their steam whistles, they left, the various jetties. MEETING THE CARDINAL. It is only occasionally-indeed, what might be called semi-occasionally - that anything, in the way of bad weather comes on to mar a great " function" in Sydney or on the waters of Port Jackson. Wednesday the weather, instead of marring, helped to make the ceremonies of the day . The cool easterly breeze as it swept up the harbor washed the wavelets into foam, and made life pleasant on board steamers. So, pleasant, indeed, was it that the hawsers had scarcely, been cast, off from the Circular Quay than those who went down to the sea in ships to welcome Cardinal Moran were at once away from the dull dust and heat, and the clamorous crowd of the city, and "freshened up" in the sea breeze. Lest the expression " freshened up " might be taken in a dual or refreshment sense, it may be. well here to explain that the only means of exhilaration afforded to the welcomers of Cardinal Moran were those which sun and sky and crisp air and blue waters and rare landscape could afford. This is, however, only applicable as far as regards those "on board," and who remained on board the steamers. The steamer Prince of Wales conveyed a number of members of committee and leading citizens and representatives of the press. Among those on board were Messrs. T. M. Slattery, Minister of Justice, H. Taylor, M.L.A.,. Daly, Butler, J. G. O'Connor, C. O'Neill, Alderman MacMahon, and several ladies. The steamer left the floating stage, Circular Quay, at 11 a.m., and made straight for Watson's Bay, where many other, steamers were found waiting. On arrival no signal denoting the sighting of the Liguria was flying from the flagstaff, and certain ancient mariners of fishlike smell predicted that she would' not be here "afore 2." Then the Minister of Justice rose to the occasion. Landing at the wharf, he said; "Follow me," and those on board the Prince of Wales rose to the Minister of Justice, and followed him. It was not far. Only as far as a hotel where a display of unprejudiced teetotalism was made by the ordering, first of unlimited soda water, and next of "whatever you chose to put in it." Questioned as to the recklessness of these proceedings, the Minister of Justice replied that come what might he was was safe for three weeks' salary, and accordingly he recked little of the expense. More than this, the company, having drunk the Cardinal's health in proper fashion, and without detriment to his inculcation of sobriety, Mr. Slattery's health was immediately drunk with enthusiasm. His speech in reply was applauded to the echo. It was simply. "Fill 'em again," About this time, which was nautically announced as that mysterious period at which the sun climbs over the foreyard, a rumor spread that the Liguria had been signalled. This proved to be true, as a small chequered flag had been run up to the southern arm of the signal yard. Then all haste was made on board, and with the Leveret as consort, and a large number of steamers following, the Prince of Wales made for the heads. Immediately, preceding the Prince of Wales, and the Leveret was the Mary, with the clergy of the dioceses of New South Wales on board. The Leveret had on board the members of the St. Mary's Juvenile Total Abstinence Society, The girls of the society wore cardinal red sashes, and the boys rosettes of a similar color. In a few minutes the Liguria came in sight, and cheer upon cheer went up from the crowds on board the steamers, which were redoubled as the figure of the Cardinal was soon upon the quarter deck in biretta and scarlet robes. He returned the greeting, and disappeared for a few minutes in the cabin. As soon as the Sow and Pigs were passed, the Orient steamer dropped anchor, and was at once boarded by the health officer, followed immediately by the Colonial Secretary (Sir Patrick Jennings), who gave Dr. Moran a cordial welcome on his return to his home. After a little space the Mary was brought alongside the gangway, and the Cardinal, descending onto her, received the greetings of the clergy given in clerical fashion, and then took a seat upon the bridge. By this time he had changed the biretta for a hat of proper cardinal color and shape, loaded with gold adornment, which, with his brilliant scarlet cloak and sash, heavy gold chain and silk attire, made him conspicuous like the picture of some Papal prince of long ago. One of the first to welcome Dr. Moran when he came on board the Mary was Mr. Slattery (the Minister of Justice), who knelt and kissed his hand and received his blessing and benediction. Before leaving the Liguria Cardinal Moran had taken an affectionate farewell of the captain and officers, who had accompanied him to the gangway. The Mary took a short run down the harbor, and then rounding the Sow and Pigs made for the Circular Quay, with the accompanying steamers in the following ing order : PORT Division, Leveret Admiral Camaray Inflexible Mermaid Lily Geebung Kate St. Leonards Assalea. STARBOARD DlVISION. Prince of Wales. Waratah Bald Rock St. Benedict's steamer Waterview Pearl Invincible Annie Eagle Mascotte Killarney. Cheer upon cheer rose from the crowded occupants of the various steamers as they came up the harbor, and especial attention was engaged by the steamer which had on board the River View College cadets, who looked most soldier-like in their scarlet uniforms with red facings. Besides the steamers in the official list many others joined in the progress up the harbor, and when the Circular Quay was reached, discharged their occupants to join the procession to St. Mary's. From Fort Macquarie, all around the Circular Quay, the shores, and shipping, and roadway, were literally packed with people, many of them belonging plainly to the creed and country of the great dignitary for whose landing they had waited so patiently all the morning and past midday. The Cardinal stepped ashore at the Prince's Stairs at 3 o'clock, and after some little delay was escorted to his carriage amid the greatest cheering and enthusiasm from the vast crowd of people assembled. THE PROCESSION. The procession then moved off for St. Mary's Cathedral, along Phillip, Albert, and Macquarie streets in the following order : Main body of Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society. Society of St. Vincent de Paul. Christian Doctrine Confraternities. Catholic Temperance Societies. Society of the Holy Family. Detachment of H. A.C.B. Society. Delegates from the Suffragan Dioceses. Detachment of Australian Holy Catholics Guild, The Reception Committee. Bishops and Representative Clergy. The Cardinal. Guard of Honor, composed of Riverview College Volunteer Cadet Corps. Main body of Australian Holy Catholic Guild. The Cardinal on landing was received with a " present arms " by the Riverview cadets, and many of the faithful bent the knee to him, kissed his ring, and received his benediction. The marching was considerably impeded by the dense throng which crowded the streets, and the natural desire of everybody to see the Cardinal. At each corner there was a block, and, of course, a corresponding delay. As the front carriages approached, a murmured " There he is " ran through the mob, as everybody pressed forward, and then fell back disappointed. When the red hat was seen a cheer rang out, and the Cardinal bowed in acknowledgment. When all the carriages were passed, anxious inquiries were made among the members of each group, and in one case, on an old lady being asked the usual question, "Did you see him?" she replied, "Faith, I did, every inch of him." Every window along the route was filled with eager faces and every balcony was crammed. The Parliament House and the Mint afforded standing room for a number of people, while the convalescent patients at the Hospital enjoyed a view of the pageant from behind their iron railings, and the " old ladies" at the Benevolent Asylum, in their black and red checked dresses, added something to the picturesqueness of the scene. The strains of the various bands were hushed, perhaps because the occasion was too solemn for the tunes which they could play, and the procession marched on in silence, except for the hearty cheers which rang out at short intervals. The police, in charge of Inspector Anderson, were everywhere ; but in such a case there was little for them to do. The natural respect to the head of their Church, was sufficient to repress any exhibition of rowdiness, and whatever, obstructions occurred were caused by the extreme anxiety to show respect. The procession marched past the Water Police Court to Macquarie-street, and thence straight to St. Mary's Cathedral, the whole route being lined with persons who were desirous of obtaining a glimpse of the first Cardinal who has visited Australia. AT THE CATHEDRAL. The members of the Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society were marshalled at a very early hour outside the Cathedral, and numbers of school children, looking fresh and pretty in their white frocks and red sashes, were waiting in the street, early as 9 o'clock, to do honor to the prince of their church. On arrival at the Cathedral - the tower of which, was gay with flags- the procession halted, and the Hibernian Catholic Benefit Society formed two lines, each four deep ; the Society of St. Vincent de Paul, Christian Doctrine Confraternities, Catholic Temperance Societies, and the Society of the Holy Family, all wearing the badges and insignia of their respective orders, and bearing aloft the grand banners of the guilds, fell in on either side in rows of two deep. Between these lines the reception committee, the bishops, and the representative clergy, the Cardinal- Archbishop, the guard of honor (composed of the Riverview College Volunteer Cadet Corps), and the members of the Australian Holy Catholic Guild, marched into the sacred edifice. As the procession neared the Cathedral, the bells of St. Mary's rang out a joyful peal of welcome to his Eminence. The throng, was very dense, and the expectant crowd presented the appearance of a sea of faces. As the procession entered the building the organ (Mr. Banks, organist) and the choir (conducted by Mr. F. J. Hallowell) led off with powerful effect the special hymn of welcome, "'Ecce Sacerdos Magnus." The composition of the orchestra was as follows : 2 first violins.(Mr. Rice leading), 2 second violins, 1 violincello (Herr Patek), 1 double bass, 1 flute, 2 clarionets (Mr. S. Hodge 1st), 2 cornets, 2 trombones and the usual percussion instruments. The ordinary choir was supplemented by many additional voices. The other pieces rendered during the service were the "Te Deum" (Rombert), and the " Alleluia " anthem. Excellent arrangements were made in the body of the building for seating visitors. The front seats were reserved for the country delegates. The members of the Marist Brotherhood were accommodated to the right of the sanctuary, and the representative clergy had seats allotted to them in the sanctuary itself. One hundred seats in the side aisles had been apportioned to a limited number of representatives of each society which had taken part in the procession. The building was thronged by ticketholders at about 11 o'clock, Among those present were noticed a large number of leading lay members of other denominations. The following bishops and clergy were present in the cathedral :-Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulburn ; Dr. Cani, Bishop of Rockhampton; Dr. Byrne, Bishop of Bathurst ; Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart ; Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland ; Dr. Reynolds, Bishop of Adelaide ; Dr. Griver, Bishop of Perth ; Dr. Torreggiani, Bishop of Armidale ; Dean Beechinor, (of Hobart) ; J. J. Carroll, Administrator of the Diocese ; Dr. O'Haan, Administrator of St. Mary's ; Archpriest Sheehy, Archdeacon Rigney, Dr, Sheridan., Deans Mahoney, Flanagan, O'Brien, Hanley, M'Carthy, Kenny, Leonard, Fathers Vaughan (Redemptorist Order), Dalton, S.J., Dunn, O.S.F., Callachor, O'Reilly, Moynagh, Coonan. Hewitt, Phelan, Coffey, Kelly, S.J., Furlong, Le Rennetel, Cone, Young, Murlay, Cummings, Calleroy, Butler, Fitzpatrick, Petre, and M'Intyre, Among the laity were the following: Sir P. A. Jennings, Colonial Secretary; Messrs. T. M, Slattery, Minister of Justice, W. Coonan, H. Taylor, and P. Hogan, Ms. L. A., and Mr. Justice Fancett. The scene inside the Cathedral was a very imposing one. The noble building was crowded to excess, and in a dim religious light the procession filed from the western entrance to the sanctuary. The magnificent memorial window to Archbishop Vaughan and the new reredos formed a very effective background. The sanctuary had been draped with cardinal and gold hangings, and festooned with wreaths of evergreens and flowers. The communion railing was also draped with cardinal and gold. On the right of the grand altar, which was dressed for High Mass, was placed the Cardinal's throne, the hangings being maroon, with the arch-episcopal arms in blue and silver emblazoned thereon. The back was cardinal and yellow. The dais was of cardinal, and the alter carpet was cardinal and gold. The carpeting leading from the middle aisle to the altar was of cardinal and gray (fleur-de-lis). Similar carpeting was laid from the Cathedral entrance to ; the carriage. The main entrance to the Cathedral facing Hyde Park was decorated with hangings of cardinal and gold. The whole of the decorations were furnished by the well- known firm of Messrs. Thompson and Giles. Hardly had the Cardinal entered the building, than the crush at the western entrance to the building was something terrific, and for a short time it was feared that the consequences would be very serious, if not fatal. A number of females fainted, while the screams of young children were for a moment pitiful to listen to. However, the attendants succeeded in closing the doors, and the excitement which had prevailed soon subsided. The Cardinal then proceeded to the vestry, and was there attired in the biretta, cappa-magna, shoes, and sash belonging to a cardinal, all being red. He then proceeded to the western entrance, and was there met by the administrator of the archdiocese, Father J. J. Carroll, V.G., the Ven. Archpriest Sheehy, Archdeacon Rigney, Dean M'Carthy, Dean Beechinor, and Dean Sheridan, the Bishops of Bathurst, Maitland, Armidale, Hobart, Goulburn, Rockhampton, and Adelaide, who escorted the Cardinal through the aisle, and while the organ pealed the devotional strains of " Ecce Sacerdos Magnus," the Cardinal, with long scarlet robes, walked with solemn stately steps to his throne Father Carroll, administrator of the archdiocese, then read the following Address of the clergy, secular and regular, of the Archdiocese diocese of Sydney, to his Eminence Patrick Francis, Cardinal Moran, Archbishop of Sydney. Your Eminence, -Thrice within the short space of one year has our sense of duty as priests of the Archdiocese of Sydney assembled us around your throne ; on the first occasion to welcome you as our Archbishop, a worthy successor to your venerable predecessors in the See of Sydney. Again to bid you farewell, when, at the call of the Holy Father, you hastened to the Eternal City, and now we meet once more, but for what purpose ? Not merely to welcome our archbishop, and to offer our congratulations for your safe return ; more than this, we are here to-day to offer to your Eminence our loving and loyal homage in the exalted dignity to which the Supremo Pontiff has raised you. The Holy Father chose you from among the Bishops of the Irish Church to rule over the Mother Church of Australia, and now again he has selected you to represent Australia in the College of Cardinals. In so doing we recognised his appreciation of your personal merits and his affection for you ; and in raising you to the dignity of Cardinal, and as such sending you again to preside over our Church, we are fully sensible of the honor conferred upon Australia, and of the favor bestowed upon us, and in this, his action, binds us more firmly and irrevocably to the Holy Apostolic See. The Church of Australia hails the advent of your Eminence, our first Cardinal, with joy, and with every manifestation of love and veneration ; but for us, the clergy of your own diocese, this is an occasion of special rejoicing. We welcome you among us in your now dignity of Cardinal of the Holy Roman Church, and offer our congratulations, and beg to assure you that we shall deem it an honor, as it is a duty, to labor under your guidance for the advancement of God's work in this land. Wishing your Eminence many years to rule over and , direct us, we are your devoted children in Jesus Christ, Signed on behalf of the clergy of the archdiocese, J. J. CARROLL, V.G. and Administrator. J. J. SHEEHY, Archpriest, JOHN RIGNEY, Archdeacon. CALLAGHAN M'CARTHY, Dean. Mr. Justice FAUCETT then read an address from the laity. An address of welcome from the Confraternity of the Holy Family was read, signed by Father R. A. Coonan, director ; P. A. Ford, hon. treasurer ; and M. Hickey, secretary. Addresses were also read from the Holy Catholic Guild and the Hibernian Australian Catholic Benefit society ; from the clergy and laity of the diocese of Armidale ; from the priests of the diocese of Bathurst ; from the laity of the diocese of Bathurst ; from the bishop and clergy of the diocese of Goulburn; from the Roman Catholic laity of the diocese of Goulburn from the Australian Roman Catholic Total Abstinence Association, and from the Society of St. Vincent de Paul. THE CARDINAL'S ADDRESS. After the various addresses had been presented, the Cardinal ascended the pulpit and delivered a lengthy address. He said- Dearly Beloved in Christ,-Returning to-day to the beloved flock intrusted to me by the Good Shepherd of souls, it is my first duty to lift up my heart in thanks- giving to the Father of mercies and the God of all consolation in that, without any merits of mine, He has been pleased to guide my steps and to lead me back once more in safety amongst you. It is my next duty to convey to all the faithful o£ this diocese, to the clergy and the laity alike, the sincerest expression of my gratitude for their devotedness in promoting every work of religion and charity of which, during those months of my absence, they have given abundant proof, and for their constant affection toward myself, as shown forth in their uninterrupted prayers to heaven in my behalf and in that more than royal welcome which they have this day accorded me. I have been absent, indeed, from the diocese for a much longer period than I could have wished; but I do not think that I err when I avow that I have been ever present with you in spirit. There were many fatigues and anxieties inseparable from the duties that devolved on me during the past months ; but I trust that they shall be fruitful of blessings to the Australian Church, and I endured them with contentment and with joy because they afforded an opportunity to promote, in some small measure at least, those spiritual interests which are dearer to me than life itself. But I must not forget that there are many besides my own spiritual flock who, with unparalleled enthusiasm and affection, have desired to welcome the first Australian Cardinal coming to these shores. To all I beg to tender this grateful expression of my sincerest thanks. The Holy Father, Pope Leo XIII, in conferring the dignity and privileges of Cardinal upon me, has proclaimed to the world the special favor and affection with which he regards the whole Australian Church. Other missionary countries have attained this dignity only after long centuries of spiritual fruitfulness. The fifty years that have elapsed since the first Vicar-Apostolic landed upon our shores are only a short span in a people's history, but the present illustrious Pontiff, ever watchful over the interests even of the remotest missionary lands, has not failed to recognise that in this favored continent of Australia, the church has already, like the forest oak on genial soil, cast deep its roots, and growing with steady and stately growth, has begun to display beneath the Southern Cross the full vitality and vigor of the ages of faith. Providence has never failed to raise up great Pontiffs to meet the requirements of the age in which they live, and the present successor of St. Peter is no exception to that golden rule. Despoiled of the temporal sovereignty of those states which have been justly styled the patrimony of religion and charity, he no longer enjoys the freedom that is required for the complete discharge of his sacred duties. But though he is a prisoner in the Vatican, his master mind, enlightened by the Spirit of God, has not failed to grasp the manifold wants of society in our days, and by those sublime encyclicals which, replete as they are with heavenly wisdom, bring us back to the golden age of Innocent III., he has endeavored to awaken the consciences of men to the anti-Christian lawlessness, the corruption of morals, the spirit of revolution, and the revived paganism that prevail in many parts of Europe and threaten to undermine the very foundations of the social fabric in the old world. Looking towards this southern continent, he sees here a different order of things, a new world, boundless in its wealth and material resources, its people devoted to the cause of freedom, yet full of energy and earnestness in every pursuit of thrift and industry ; men clinging to the Christian traditions of the home countries, and untainted by the spirit of anti-social associations, cultivating religion, charity, and peace, and recognising that the Catholic Church, like everything else that is honorable and good and true, has found a congenial soil in the free institutions of these great colonies, he has wished to mark his appreciation of Australia's singular merit by conferring upon this land of promise one of the highest and most distinctive privileges which it is within his domain to bestow. * * * * It may be as in our present plenary, council that they come from Italy, Spain, France, England, or Ireland, each one loving with intensest love the land of his birth. They may meet in Dublin or Baltimore, in Paris or Cologne, in Milan or Munich, in Westminster or Sydney. But whence so ever they may come, and where so ever they may meet, all will derive their jurisdiction from the one spiritual source ; all will feed their flocks with the same teaching of heavenly truth ; and all, appointed by the Holy Ghost to rule the Church of God, will partake in its plenitude of the one Episcopate divinely instituted upon earth. There is no uncertain sound in the teaching. They may speak in different tongues, but all have the same language of divine faith ; the same sacramental graces are dispensed to all ; the same holy sacrifice, from the rising to the setting sun, is offered, to the Host High, giving glory to God's name. Above all one is the authority which we all obey, the supreme authority of the successor of St. Peter, the representative of our blessed Lord upon earth, the divinely-strengthened Bishop for whom the Redeemer prayed that his faith shall never fail, and whose special commission it is to feed the lambs and the sheep alike, and to impart light and strength and blessing and consolation to all his brethren. What shall I say of the sanctity of the Church ? For what purpose is it that her bishops assemble in council ? Is it for matters of worldly interest or political intrigue? Most assuredly not. The civil state attends to its own affairs, and is quite independent within its proper sphere. The Church does not intrude upon its domain. We are not indifferent indeed as to the administration of the temporal government. We pray that the light of the divine wisdom may be the guide of those who hold-in their hands the reins of power, that throughout these great colonies every blessing may abound; that the laws may be just, may tend to the preservation of peace, the promotion of true happiness, the increase of industry, sobriety, and useful knowledge, and may perpetuate to ourselves and all classes of our fellow citizens the blessings of equal liberty. The purpose for which the bishops assemble in council is to deliberate upon the best means for promoting the sanctification of those intrusted to their care, and for building up the spiritual edifice of Holy Church. We have no new doctrines to propound; we need only repeat the lessons of faith which have been handed down to us by our fathers. It will be our endeavour to correct abuses and to pluck out any germs of evil that may be found within our reach, and to preserve, perpetuate, and perfect everything that is just, and virtuous and holy. In the discipline of the Australian Church such alterations, shall be made as the wisdom and experience of the prelates may suggest or the present condition of things may require. The disciplinary rules which guide the rude beginnings of a missionary church cannot be supposed to suit the present stage of the growth of religion amongst us ; and were I not to endeavor to develop and perfect as far as circumstances may permit the beauteous symmetry of ecclesiastical organisation throughout the Australian provinces, I feel I would be unfaithful to the duty which the Holy Father has imposed on me. The Church celebrates to-day the festival of St. Charles Borromeo, the model of pastors, who did so much in the dark days of the sixteenth century to revive the vigor of ecclesiastical discipline, and who is justly, honored throughout Christendom as the most perfect pattern given to the Church in latter times of the shepherd of souls. May the example, and firm yet gentle rule of this great prelate be my guide, and may his patronage before the throne of God accompany me whilst I endeavour to lead those intrusted to my care in their heavenward course, and thus I may with them receive, at the hands of the Prince of Pastors, the eternal reward prepared for us. THE LUNCHEON. Later in the evening the members of the executive and of the general committee for the reception of his Eminence and the delegates from the archdiocese, together with all the priests present at the reception, were entertained at lunch by the Cardinal in St. Mary's Hall. In consequence of the lateness of the hour, only a few toasts were honored. His Eminence, who presided, gave the health of " The Prelates present," and the toasts was responded to by Bishops Byrne (Bathurst), Murphy (Hobart), Murray (Maitland), Lanigan (Goulburn), Reynolds (Adelaide), Torreggiani (Armidale), and Cani. (Rockhampton). The Bishop of Maitland (Dr. Murray) proposed the health of "The Cardinal," and his Eminence briefly, replied, after, which he gave the health of " The Committee," the toast being responded to by the Rev. Father Carroll (administrator), Sir P. Jennings; and Mr. Slattery, M.L.A. \---------------------------------------------------------------- 