ELECTION FOR AtRGYLL, bin. OEIconOE WALLACE AND ol. J.oN OBrcOnNE, ON Monday afternoon, Mr. George Wallace, solicitor of Sydney, who had announeood himself as a candi. data for Argyle, came to Goulburn by the afternoon train, and was moet at the station by a number of residents who intended to support Iis candidatureo, He introdnuced himself and was greeted with cheers, and subsequently driven to the Commnereial Hotel. In the evening a public mooeeting was heold at the oddfellows' hall, for the purpose of hearing Mfr. Wallace's address. There were rumours that another candidate (Mr. John Osborne) was coming up by the express train, hut nothing was definitely known, and most- of those who assembled at the hall were under the imnpression that Mr. Wallace was to contest the election. The hall was well filled in every part, and amongst the audioeton wore soveral ladies. The, chair was taken shortly after eight o'elock by 1Mr. K. Gillespie, Mayorof Goulburn. Upon the plat. formu were also Messrs. W. Conolly, S. 1M. ti. Dennis, J. Mo Shane, II. S. Gannon, S. M. Gannon, W. J. Bartlett, James re Govern, Geo. Me Connoll, Gio. Sykes, It. Gaspers, C. Moe Alister, A. A. Herr, i. 13, arbor, W. Clarke, C. Gillespio, J. 0. Mo Namara, J. Gillespie, Patrick Mo Shane, 11. 11ore brugh, IH. S. lorsbrugh, Georgo L. Ilauken (Look. yeorleigli), Captain 11. Blackshaw, E. J. Burmester, Georgo Taylor, J. J. Bruteon, 11. Payton, A. Conroy, C. P. Me Alister, John Howard (Orookwell), John Brodorick (Orookwoll), and some others. The Chairman said lieu had boon requestod by lthe committeo as mayor to take the chair. (Hear, hear.) I-I asked for the candidato who was about to address tlhm a fair and impartial hearing such as he was illr. a Goulburn audielnce would give, and that there would be no necesnity to have persons ready to put anyone out. The candidate would not object to any questions being naked and would answer them fairly, Ihr. W\allaco til tthat veoning was a stranger to him, hut from what hie had soon of him lie was favourably impressed with his ability. 1io might state that tuwo of the gentlomenou who would appear before them were Australians. Ho was glad to say that at present they had a fair number of Australians in the house and he hoped before many years our ministries would become entirely composed of Australians-not that people from other countries were inferior to Australians, but that the latter were just as good, and able to take their place in the government of this great, glorious, and free country, Theoro was no talk of separation. We wore all menmbers of the empire, and hi for one did not wish to sever that tie, and he did not think any one in this meooting wished to separate., As MIr. Wallaceo was very tired, he hoped they would excuse a little delay. That gentlelman would arrive presently, and in the mean timo Mr. W. Conolly would say a few words. Mr. Conolly said this was the largest mooting that be ever had the pleasure of addressing in Goulburn. IIe was glad to see the place growing so. Hol hoped that they would allow that they had an spirit of independenoo, 1o was not above listening to the opinious of is l neighbours, and if lie found them better than hise own lie would go with them, but lie would never consent to be led by a body of mnou to rule the conselaieso of others. Such an attempt as this was suffeloint to stir up his old blood and it was this that causle him to leave liae retirement and again appear on. the platform of a political meeting, He was proud to sea that the nativeso of this colony ewore bravo enough to volunteoor and go to fight for Old Enuland. In sending troops to the ooudau the government had stood up for the honour of the country. Their action had awakeoed an onthusiesm that he hoped would never die till they had a pro. peorly trained militia. He hoped that every man betweenoo thenages of soveatoon and forty would be trained to light for his couutry. When they would have fifty or sixty thousand man drilled in company and battalion drill, it would be the first note to iEurope to lot us alone. (Voice: What about B]laokishawr? Laughter,) He had not the slightest doubt that Captain Blaolkshaw would do Iis duty if called upon,' -The oandidato was a stranger to him, but he would remind them that lie bore a namo tlhant was historical. (Voices: Don't waste time.) He (the speaker) was perfectly unprejudiced and would not support tlme eaudidate if hie did not agren with his views. Hie was sorry to road in tih papers when in Syduney that Mr. Ranken had retired. lie be. lioved him to have booen misled and mistaken. He hoped that he. would be returned for some con. stitneuoy, as he considored there were two mnbo who ought to be in the house-Measrs. Auiguatus Morris and George Ilanken. The Land Act was not perfoot, lut the men who had assisted in passing It wore prepared to amend it in such a manner as would nake It a perfoot nact. lie would ask a fair hearing for the candidate, and hoped that they would uphold the good name ho had been proud of so many years when their returning officer. (Cheers.) MIr. Wallace here took his seat on the platform. The Chairman said that hie had great pleasure in now introdncing to the mooting Mr. Georgo Wallaooe as a eandidat for Argyle. (Cheeors.) Mr. Wallace on rising was recoived with loud cheors, and after som prolhnminary remarks by way of intro. duotion, proceeded tocriticizo the notion of Sir IIenry Parkesoa in coming before a constituoney four mnonthls after ihe had resigned his seat in parliament and had given the publio to understand his retirement was final. He theou wont on to deal with the question of sending troops to the Soudan. The aotion of the g .ovornmentin this matter he contended had re. donuded to the credit of the country. lie as a native was proud of it, and lihe maintained that if the eleco tors of Argyle woro at this juncture to roeturn Sir lHelnry lParkos, who had come forward to condomn theo nation of the government, the eountry would be disgraced in thle eyes of the world. Ieo proceeded :t'o ltouo upon .the land question, and criticized tile nction of Sir Icuiry 'Parkos in regard to the Land .Act, he being- absent trom the Assemsobly 'during the disoussions upon it, and, by not resigning his nont, dopriving his constituouts of a voice in the :matter.- Mr. - Wallace spoke for nearly two hours, aRid towards thei closo of his address, the conviction began to dawn ou people's minds that lie was talking against titme. This proved to be the ease, and when the whistl of the express train was heard a look of expectancy on the faces of those Sin the seorot showed that somucthing was about to c hange the aspect of affairs. Mfr. Wallace bganu to say lie was informed on Saturday that Mir. Johu On. borno, editor of the Daily Telegraph, a thorough good, honest, straightlorward man, a iuan of great ability, and a better speaker than lie was, would o 'ontest the electorate. It was arranged that he (Mr. VWallaooe) hould resign in Lis favour, and that they should start togethler o on Monday morning at ninoe o'look. On Sunday night however heIo got a nes. -sage upsesttlna thisa arrangement, and stating that Mr. Oaborne could not possibly go. Henc e lncame to -offer himself as a canudidato. About an hour beforo lie came to this mooting he receivedl a telegram lthat -iM' Osborne would leave Hydnsy for Goulburn by thle exproess train. He (Mr. Wallaco) therefore with. 'drew froe the candidature in favnour of Mr. Osborne, -?He was not howevcr going to aliok away to lSydney, but honas relltiring because a better man was cominig. 'Hel should give all the assistanooce in his power to-Mr. Osborne, and they would try the offeoot of a douible. barrelled gun on Sir IIHoury Parkes. (Ohooeers.) Mr. Oasorno, accoumpaniud by lr, H. Copolaniid I.L.A. nAodl some othler frilndel, her enutered and tookle his place o0 the latform. The Chairman begged to iotiuduc Mr. Jlohn Osborole, wlio wna nowe tile eanndidalote for Argyle. (Cheooro,) -Mr. Oeboruoo who was griceteodl with roreod cheerls, said thle tsn iIniutotC pact te01 it would nsot lo right that loe shuould detain :them loug iu coaking a speech. Ha felt a great deal of synmalthy Ior bMr. Wallaes (ories of "humbug"), auld lie ,an oexceedlugly plepsed to have th9 pria!len of talking to a very handsome and goodonatured crowd. (Cheers and laughter,) He came here to contest this election becaus he a felt this was the most important crisis that had over taken place in this colony. We had had some groat measures in this colony. Many' years ago there was the movemont for the abolition of transportation, at which Sir Henury Parkas madeavery grandand glorious display. Thore was anothi rimport. ant event when we coasod to bo a crown colopy and ob. tained constitutional government ; but hei ventured to say this crisis was a far more important crisis than those two. He thought it a great pity Mr. Itanlon had cleared out of this contest: if he had stood on this great and glorious principle ho would have had a glorious majority. He believed they all squatters, selectors, and every man and woman, whether Irish or Scotch, English. or Australians woro patriots, and he was sure that anything that would refleot disgrace upon the country would be a source of great pain to them, It was a very great source of pain that Mr. launkenhad cleared out of this contest; and he had dared to take up the position of arithmetical prophet. In that morning's Herald they found a statement of his reasons for retiring, and it was to this effect: That there were in the electorate 2900 voters; 900 of these persons wore not going to voto, thus leaving 2000 to beho aoounted for; 900 of them were Orangemen, and and 700 wore Roman Catholics. Well, 000 woulhl not vote; 000 Orangmoen would go for Parkes (hear, hear, and cheers); 800 would be attracted by the magnetic influence of a great man; making a total of 1200 who would vote for Sir Heory Parkes. Thou he thought he would get the votes of 700 Itoman Catholics and about a hundred prsounal friends, snaking a total of 800; and so he says, I am olean licked by about 400 votes. Now, Mr. Itanken was sent out with Mr. Morrie to prepare an'elaborate report on the land question. He there sot forth that we should receive some millions of money from the land ; and we see now that we are not going to get one quarter of the amount. Mr. Baneun hud boon whipped and beaten and had run away on figures. figures~-would proved anything eooept that Sir Henry Parkes was going to win thies contoest and that the electors wore a sot of fools. (Inter. ruption.) Mr. Ilanken cleared away from this great contest, which simply moiecant that he came hero to scoure a seat to satisfy personal ambition. Hero was one of the greatest Orises that had over taken place in this colony. Yet he would not stanud the contest. Very often the next boat thing to conquer was to be dofoeated. There were some cases where defeat is glory-as for instance Thermopyhe, where the glorious three hundred died at their posts in a great and glorious patriotic cause; and again, it was said of old, the Spartan mothers said to their eons, come home with your shields or on your shields. 'Thlis was no ordinary political contest; the honour and dignlty of the colony were involved; and Mr. iRankuln' business was not to run away from the contest, but to say, I will go into this election ; and although the figures any I am going to,be defeated, I will die honourably. (Cheors.) ItsHe know very well that a groat deal of influence had been used to rig Mr. Rankou out of this affair. (A voice: He was got at.) 'Cuter men than Mr. Baukon had been got at. He had no doubt sonme friends poured a quantity of iced water down his back, and persuaded him it was no use trylug to fight this battle, and that the beet thing ho could do was to clear out. And so Mr. Rankon, coming from some part of Scotland-though he could not be a Scotchman really and truly-listened to those cold words, and played into the hands of his opponent. Now, allow him to say they were not going to be dashed by cold water, Allow him as a native to say that when God Almighty put a great deal of Irish blood in him, he made him of sterner metal. lie dared say some of them know John Osborne, who fought in Sydney a great tight against bigotry and intolerance. (A voice: Put him out,) Well hlie did not think those gentleman could put him out -the fair play of the maon of Goulburn would not allow it. It was one of our privileges that overy man has the right of free speech. (Cheerse,) Well, a letter came down to Sydney that Sir Henry Parkes was going to win "hands down," (cries of "'no"); but they woere there to stand in the broach and fight the thing to the very last, and hoe was sure they would rally round them a groat many of Parkoes's supporters; and lie did not think Sir Houry would win " hands down." (Cheeoors and groans.) Now, what was the issue now placed before the electors of Argylo? Some said tile question was whether this colouy was right in sending troops to the Soudan. (No, no; yes, yes; send Blackshaw. Laughter and lutorruption.) That seemed to him not the real issue, but, shall wo dishonour this colony in the eyes of the whole world by repudiating the notion of the government? Now, wore we going to do that? (A voice: Sir Henry didn't say it.) He did not care two straws what Sir Hoenry said at all, He would like to know who Sir Henry Parkes was to diotate to any of them. Hero was the great question : If we repudiate the notion of the government, would they toll him what was going to be tie effect on the mninds of the public in England If this electorato of Argyle says, by the election of Sir Henry Parkes, that this was a wrong thing to do, the colony would be disgraced in the eyes of the whole world, (Interruption.) The other night he had the privilege of listening to Sir John Robertson mauking the graudeat speech ho over heoard, There was not a single man who does not believe in Sir John ltebortson. (At the instanuce of the speakor, three very hearty chlers were given for Sir John.) Ho was, as they know, tihe head of the opposition; hut he would have nothing to do with making this a party question. He wont for patriotiam; and he said in the honuso that the oommunity would be die. graced in the ayes of the world it over the country wont baole on this action of ours. (A voice; What does Mr. Flotchor say ?) Mr. Fletcher was a personal friend of hiie; but they would hoar Mr. Copoland on the subject. Well, when Sir John Robertson closed his speech, the house was roused as it was never roused siunc the days of Butler and Doniohy; when he had finished the battle was won ; and whatever Argyle might do this question was settled. Now, it was said the Oragoumen worn going to voto for Sir Houry Parkes in a body. Well, they had a perfoot right to do what they liked so long as they did not interfere with other people's liberties. But if thoro were 000 Orangomen in Argyle, Ila did not believe they weoro all going to vote for,P'arkos. They all know that Orangemon were loyal to their Queen and country, (A voice: Aa loyal as Dalloy.) Hoe was haippy to say that the Ihonourablo W. B. Dalley was as loyal as any mann that broathes the breath of Heaven this day. (Choers.) He did not believe it waso within the bounds of possibility that the whole number of Orangemon, or a considerable portion of them, were going to voto for 'Parkas. They ecould not voteo for Sir Henury Parkes, which musaut repudiation, (Ohoors.) Some of themu no doubt hIad road the sEvoiing Nows, and they would lindr froin it that in Sydney the lerding Orsangroon are totally opposed to the standpoint of Sir Houry Panrkou on this question. Thore was hIlrdly an influential Orange. ran in Sydney but agreodr with thie government on this question; and Ihe gloried withl thlrs. Ie ahoruld lko to know who woere the mon in Sydnoy who Ihad broughti forward Sir Huenry 'Parks. IThey woro Mr. Abigail, the squeaksing imember, and Mr. Richard Mc Coy, the oily man, who was anxious to got a seat in parlianmont, but even tilo Orangomen would not sulrport him. Thero woro someo. times grand dramatio oiroumnstanoa in con nootion with a resurrootion; buIt Sir IIenry Parkios had beoon risnd frour tir deard iy tirhe sureaking voice of Mr. Abigail and thire oily voice of ltiolard lMoCoy. (Lanughter.) lie bolieoved hIow. over, the Orangoreun o Aryglo would be truo to their traditions of loyalty anl cormo on the side of those iwho would uphold thie Ihonour and dignity of tho couitry. Hio was reminded tlhat when hIe wenout to see Archbishop Mhoranu land thoro was a treuaendous crowd. Ho was dotorminod to see the Arabbishop. At the sRameC time thrn two or three very burly Irishlmien who vl antcd to press forwmard to snee thie Aroehbishop. They detorrninod to got inside the file of men right up to the Archbishop'a carriageO; they woreo struggling anrd came to blows. There were only one or two hits; but thie Archbishoilap saw thie soono, and it brought it glorious mnile oan his ipreviously grave countonanoo, and iohe said, " W'ell, I ain old Ireland altr all." (Ohsoosm nirs laughter.) As hei passed along lhe saw at St. ilary's Oathedral several flage. On the righit wasthe great ousigu of England; iu the middle the flags of Ireland and Aimerloa. They know thie IIHarp of Eri. (A voice: By I do, Ohrors and laughter.). On thie other ide thirco was the grand Australian enigus ; arid over thom all was thie Union Jack. Ie said here was a symbol of unity on the Holeman OCatlroll OIurci l and he thought it was a glorious thing. What dii the whole thing slguity? (A voice: Polloey.) \ Io did not believe it did. This was :whal t Ihe wanted to bring out in cor. ohiding his address. There were all natlonall. ties iln this ilty of Gualbiurn. Some of them were Englishmon lwho rightly glorled in their land. WhoVI woulhl not be nr Englishman ? Some of tiemn were Boothmoen, who ueven ii tlhey came from the highlands, where twenty ores of land would not support a badiooot if there ere were any there, yet gloried In their cointry. Some of them were Irish. oon, and where was the Irishman worth' his salt who would not go down and kiss tho veO soil of his country? There were young Auestralians in this oommunuity. He was an Australian himself, born in the Illnwarra district; and his glory was in this radiant land--lho believod it was thobest land that over God malno i and hed loved this glorious and radiant land so deeply that he did not want to go to Heaven till he was 120 years of ago. Thoseo English, Scottish, and Irish men who' had families ,hero and their own possessions of land, they too loved this land of Australia which they had made their adopted home. Here was freedom, here was not the terrible grinding poverty that there was in the old countries. They loved the land and were ready to.fight fB r it. And there was no question of the patriotism of the young Australians. This was the. lesson then that was taught by the scene he had described at St. Mary's Cathedral, the unity of these ,various nationalities in one sentiment of patriotism. And would iuy man amongst them allow the people of Germany, or the people of Franco, or the people of England,, or the people of Scotland, or the people of Ireland, to siay that they repudiated this act of seeouding those troops to the Sondan. The very idea must bring a blush to the face of every man astd woman there,,:Ho happened to have a little English wife, but he might toll them abshe was full of pluck (cheers and laughter), and she expressed thI'soetiment of a nobleowoman, that whatever might be wrong in its inception, this nact ought to be stood by and supported by every man and woman in this colony. (Cheers,) He made thIis appeal to them, whether theoy.woro Protestants and Orangemen or Roman Catholics-for in this glorious land we wore coming to this great sentiment that we are neither Protestant nor Catholic, but one great free people-he asked them as oneo, who had sacrificed a very groat deal, as some of his friends could toll them, to enter on thlies outest--hao asked them to rally round the agvfreoesit' in this respect, and refuse to repudiaten this great: actiori of ours that has covered us with glory, in the old country. (Loud cheers.) Mr. H, Copeland M.L.A., who was received with cheers, next came forward, IIe said aa lie came up in the railway carriago Ihe was doubtful' what lie could say to the people here, but when ho saw this great meeting his enthusiasm was aro'ned. No one with a soul could soe this grand moeting without his enthusiasm being aroused; and lie was not one who would go into this thing coldly. When he had heard that morning that Mcr. Osborno would n'ot be able to contest the electorate ho had determined to resign his seat and come forward and contest it himsnel ; but he was glad to say that it had not boon necessary. As good a man as lhe had come forward. They know the task they wore undertaking, and they were not sending a wooden man.. They had a giant to slay, and they had the man to slay the giant. If they elected Sir Henry Parkes it would be the greatest calamity that could fall upon the colouy, No man ever did somuec harm to the country as Sir Henry Parkes had donb. (Hlissies'nd groans.) Ho had set the people by the oears. He had worked upon national and seootarian foolings. No lpublic man hlad created more dissension than Sir Henry Parkes. (Cheers miilglod with groans and hisses. Threeoo here wioro here given for Sir H. Parkes.) Mr. Osborne had no other interest to serve than the honour of the conntry. He ran the risk of losing a 'remunerative, position iln engaging in the contest. He did this beooause he was loyal and was, possessed with the true souentiments of a Briton, If the ques. lion was whethoerwe should send a contingont or no, it would be a fair matter for discussion ; but the men were gone and in "a week they would be fighting the Arabs, His feelings wore with Athe man ; his oldest son was among them. (Loud and continued heoirs.)' If they returned Sir Henry Parkes they would unnrve theo men by tolling them in effect that they had no right there, and that they were fighting in a wrong caune, (No, no.) If the men were thus unnerved they would be unable to fight, and they would be slain. It was too late to consider the policy of sending the coutingent. Sir Henry Parnke had disgraced parliament. (Voiceo: He lwas never drunk.) Some men had not sense to got drunk; lie hoped to live to do so again. This was not a general election with a future poliey to dooecide. There was one test quelstion, and that was the Soudan policy of the governmouent, and he trusted they would not decide it in such a way as to cause the men to fool that they aro engaged in an ux. righteous cause, lie trusted they would rally round Mr. Osborne, Ho (Mr. Copoland) had gone into parliamont us a supporter of Sir JHaenry'Parkes, but he found that he was one of thlos who would seoll his friends if it would bouolit him. iHe believed that if Sir Houry Parlosa's mother wore drowning lihe would not attemnpt to save Ier until he had cousidered whether it would be to his prolit to do so. There was no comparison betweooen the two candidatoe except for the knighthood of Sir Henry I'arkio. IIe had disgraced it aud it ought to beo taken fromi him. He had disgraced Australia (io, noi), and the con. stituoncy would do so too if they roturuod him. lie had read of a body of men ill Franco who believed that a man was ro.incarnated, that is, he could return to life; and this appearance of Sir Henry Parkes led him to think that thiro was some truth in the doctrine. IHe had died throo times and they had soon his ghost to-night. iHe had stated that parliament was so corrupt that he could not trust his coul .in it, and now that a most atrouious thing was done he was anxious to return. The reason for his anxiety was that he wanted the £2000 acyoar as premier; but even if this coustiouneoy returned him he would not boe promier, and beforo he was, hlo (Mr. Copoland) and other membors would have soumothing to say about it. 11He thanked them for the patient hearing they had given him, a lierfoot stranger. (leoors.) The Chairman enid the candidate M[r. Osborne would now answor any questions they weore desirous of putting.. A questioner askelod Mr. Osborno--What id your opinion of the present Lieonsiug Act ? Mr. Osborne: I got on veary 'well with two or three cops of te a day and have no spirits in my house, I consider the not a pretty fair law. Another questioner asked what about York.-treet, Mr. Osborne: I thinkI lifoted up York-streot pretty considerably. Another questionor asked Mr. Osborno it he wore in favour of payment of meombors. Mr. Osborno: I would like payment of members adopted in this colony for the benefit of the ropreson tntivos of working mnon. I do not require it for myself as Ioan earn £400 a year by my brains, but I thinck that payment of members should be adopted to permit of thle workiug classes boiog re. preosnted by men of their own order in parlianuont. Quoatioucer: If eleooted for Argyle willyoue consider yoursolf pledged to support this moascroe? Mr, Osbornc: Certatinly I will. Mr. Marsdon: Have you given the whole of your political views? bMr. Osborneo: Certainly 'gt lio th dfll a Mr. Marsdcn: Do you oxpeet tho'elcdtora of Argyle to voto for a man who wvon't give his political views? ? Mr. Osborno: an you expeat whce a man comes in at ton minutes past ton o'ulock, lis gan give you the whole of his pclitieal views ? A questioner asked: What did' you leave the church for ? M[r. Osborne : I loft the church becaulso I wanted to live an lhonourablo man. When I focud that a certaini action of mine weas believed to be not in lharmony with thle teachings and principles held by tile VWesleyan Church, I did what oevery honourableo man oughlt, I cleared out. Another qucostionor: I would lilke to know why you eriticizoed Sir HenIry Parkas for half.an.hour instead of stating your piolitical views ? iMr. Osbornco: There is no iesuno befor ie the country but this of the despatch of troops to thie Souldan. (Choers nad groans.) Mr. Conolly rose to move a voto of confidouce in Mr. Osborno. They hlad heard him speakl, and they hld heard how nscellishly heo noted in cominng for. ward to prevent tlie colony fronc being disgraced. Ilo hoped thely wonll elect Miir. Oaborle., (No, co, aced yes, yes.) They wonhlt l ccunwaorliity of them.. eculvoe if they dlid inot iraly rocced Ml'. ()sborno, acid hIo hopod theoy would see himl returned as member for Argvyle, Mr. Johnu Ioward (Croolkwell) lhad very muchc pleasure in sonoudinhig the vote of conhlidhnce. Ie believed they had in litn a eollntnaun who, woultid not leavoe thlimn-one who coall light htil owu Icattlh! maid iheira too, and who vwouldl not nt ilffendc d at solio little tinigl and leave theom. Sir H!nry I'uarkes was a gelntoman weho would nolt work uncclss he wais in thie land, and cio manjority of cho country had saidh ce shoald not be in thi load. II thooy oclted hiitc, he would leavo thIom a he did Toutortiuld to be us. reprosnntoled. Mr. W. J, Bartilett supported tihe resolutiou. Tlhey had tWvb o andidates befaye them. (Vuleies I ree.) He had known Sir Henry Parkes for twoeny-two years,fftefoon of which he was personally acquainted with him, and he had always found him a gentleman in overy respect. The question before the electors was, however, whether Mr. Dalley and the ministry had done right in sending troops to the Soudan. As an old man.of.war's man, who had fought in the Crimea before Sebastopol, he had pleasure in sup. porting the candidature of a gentleman who agreed with the noble action of the government. (Cheers.) The Chairman called for a show of hands, when a large number were held up in favour of the roeolu. tion, and an almost equal number against it, while probably the majority of the meeting abstained from expressing an opinion either way. The Chairman amid cheers declared the resolution duly carried. Mr. Osborne felt very thankful to them for this expression of their confidence. (Cheers, groans, and hisses.) He would say this, that he would do his level beoat to uphold the government in reference to this important matter; and in doing his level best he was not going to abuse anybody. Ho wished to propose a vote of thanks to the chairman for his kindness in presiding over this meeting and for the able way in which he had conducted the business. The vote was carried by aclamation. The Chairman acknowledged the compliment, and the meeting terminated at half.past eleven with three cheers for the Queen and three for Mr. Dalley. sin n. PARKne AT noenKwELL. Sir Henry Parkes addressed a large meeting of electors in the temperance hall, Crookwell on Tues. day afternoon. The candidate met with a cordial reception, and a unanimous vote of confidence was carrried. A large and influential committee was formed to secure his return. This (Thursday) evening Sir Henry Parkes will address a mooting at the oddfollowe' hall. To- morrow (Friday) evening, Mr. Osborne will address a meet ing at the same place. 