nmnircATEúnc plenary council: s" L I' -1 SECOND PUBLIC SESSION. The second public session of the Roman Catholic Plenary Council of Australasia was held yesterday at St. Mary's Cathedral, in the presence Of a very large congregation. At half-past 10 o'clock the clergymen entered the cathedral from the vestry in procession, followed by Dr. Reynolds, the officiating bishop, clad in while silk vestments, and wearing a jewelled mitre. He was accompanied by the Rev. Fathers Byrne and O'Connell, deacons of the mass, bIso wearing white vestments; Dr. Sheridan, assistant priest ; Dr. Carroll and Dean M'Carthy, throne deacons. In the rear came Cardinal Moran, wearing his red hereto and magnificent red train of state, upheld by two train-bearers. "Following the Cardinal come the Bishops (sixteen in number) wearing their berths, months, and rockets. The clergy took their places at the altar as at the first session. In addition to the members of the synod there were present Revs. Fathers Coonan, Murley, SM's.' Barlow, M. E. O'Brien, J. Collins, T. O'Reilly, H. B. Callachor, O'Reilly, Keating, T. Long, Furlong, Cone, Dean Henry,, Dean Flanagan, Dean O'Brien, Fathers Moynagh, Finnigan, Kenny, Kerr, Dean Leonard, and Father Fitzpatrick. The choir ren- def selections from Haydn's First and No. 8 Masses, Fimmell und Mozart. At the offertory Mr. Hallowell sang "0. Sacrum Convivium." After mass the clergy re-formed in procession to the Vaughan memorial window, preceded by four charges singing the litany of the Blessed Vir gin. His Eminence was attired in white silk robes, jewelled mitre, and carried his pastoral staff. The procession passed slowly around the Western side of the altar to the window, which the Coreliuol solemnly consecrated, and the precession then returned to the altar, chanting the Magnificat. The Vaughan memorial window is dedicated to subjects connected with the life of the Virgin Mary. Across the entire central section' of the ' eight lights forming the lower and principal part, of the window is represented the titular and, chief subject - the coronation of the Virgin Mary, surrounded by a multitude of angels and saints, the whole?, promenaded with a stately canopy which, over the central portion of the throne, rises" in rich tabernacle work to the apex of the lights. In six circles, early extending through two lights, and enclosed within a floral older, the source and origin of sin through pride and disobedience is set forth. The humility and obedience of the , Virgin Mary, on the contrary, by her ready co-operation in the divine plan for the redemption of mankind, is the theme of the , window. The six circles which surround the principal subject represent the rebellion of Lucifer and his walled companions, and their expulsion from Heaven. the creation of live, the Fall, the promise of a Redeemer, and the expulsion from Paradise, in the tracery, which divides itself into three distinct groups, is represented the Virgin, Mary in threefold character of daughter of the Eternal Father, mother of the Eternal Son, and spouse of a. Holy Ghost. The subjects of the tracery lead on to the central subject of the window-the coronation of the Blessed Virgin. It shows our Lord and His mother both crowned, their white robes enriched with broderie and jewelled borders, seated in the side of the central lights office window on golden thrones. At the foot of the throne, and surrounding it on both sides, there is a celestial choir singing and making melody, some with voice, others on harp and organ, psaltery, timbrel, and late. This portion of the scene has been presented with becoming beauty, majesty, and splendour. In the two outer lights on either side are represented the figures of virgins and holy women of the new dispensation, and on the right those of more saints who have been connected with, or have advanced, defended, and honoured the name of the Virgin Mary. . 