THE PEESYB1NGLE PAPERS. ' Many of the business people you meet now- a days complain bitterly o the quantity of land speculation going on at present. " It's out of all proportion," they areas. "&Rdleave8; people no money to spend in other ways. It is positively killing trade." Whether trade is dull in consequence of the present pretty prevalent desire to speculate in land I cannot say, bat it certainly does not seem as if paople plunged all their money into land, at the sacrifice of everything else, when we find Hospital Sunday making a better show in its figures thiiyear than last. The curtailment of one's charitable vote is a Bpecies of convenient if scarcely admirable economy, ana if persons generally were pushed for money, I fancy that we should have found a serious falling = ff in the amounts contributed on Hospital Sunday. There are also a good number of places cf amusement in full swing, whilst it is generally expsated that the present racing oarnivai will bo one of unpre- dented splendour ; so that for charity and luxury people have enough money and to spare, and pessimist tradesmen must seek out some other reason than the land speculation for any dulness in business. There was a serious difference between two persons on a matter of distance the other day. One declared that a certain place was within five minutes' walk of the railway station, whilst the other as positively declared that it was over two miles between the said points. They agreed to refer the matter to the arbitration of a well-known auctioneer, who made the following award : — "As a private individual, I declare the distance to be over two miles ; and speaking as an auctioneer, who might have the land for sale, I declare it is within five minutes' walk." Slips of the pen in obituary notices should not be too closely oriticieed. for those who make them ore sorely grieved in mind, but In memoriam" noticss are supposed to be more carefully worded. One ol ihess kindly remembrances of a death five years ago, appears in the daily papers this week, and is " in memory of the only surviving daughter, etc." Only surviving might have been passed at the time — but five years after ! I have heard of a man who lives oat in one of the suburbs, and who has lately gone through a course of epidemic training whioh seriously unfits him for giving an unbiassed reply to tbe question " Is life worth living Commencing with ih«j prevailing fog fever, he gaily meandered into a purblind elysium of sore eyes. With the help of a resolute c mst tuticn for the first, and smoked glasses for the second, he still managed to come to town every day. Then he got neutalgia, and he was obliged to call " a go," or rather a stay at borne. As unfortunate chance would have it in this particular, his wife had to go off to one plaoe, and his servant was to take the children to another. Gould he manage to look after the house for an hour, and liia wife would call on her way and send the doctor to preEoribe for his neuralgia ? Of course he could. Thore was nothing remarkably difficult in looking after a house that wasn't likely to have aoy mail letters to write, or be suddenly called away to run up lots at a land sale. So he bathed h s jaw with patent tnagio oil, and lay his head down upon his hand, and- was compa &tively; happy. . Presently, however, there came a rapping at the side fence. It was his next door neighbour to borrow some flour, a little brandy, and a pastebohr i, as she wanted to make a plum pudding, and had quite run out of the indispensable articles. By the time he had given some copal varnish, plaster of Paris for flour, and an apology for the missing pasteboard, a thundering knock was heard at the front door, aod a men w rated' to know if ha wanted any Ftjian bananas. " No ; ' he thundered. He felt more inclined at that moment for Fijian blood than Fijian banana?. His jaw got but little time to ftobOi for it was kept going gnashing teeth and loading anathemas upon the heads of the various tin_„ fruit, piano, and sewing-machine vendors, or ! canvassers who forced themselves upon the quidc seclusion of bis temporaiily pnhi-aithy life. " Long before the hour of grace allotted to the doctor had appeared, the patient dweller in solitude had forgotten all about his neuralgia, and wae in a beautifully artistic state for a lunatic asylum. The last of the fifty knocks came at last, and heralded the arrival of the doctor. With the calm but terrible resignation of despair Paterfamilias ushered the new-comer in, " Well," said the doctor, cheerfully, "and how are we now, eh ? What do we want ?" The maddened man of the -house made a desperate effort to look calm, but the eon- aviation that forced itself upon his mind, viz., that this was another sewing-machine canvasser, bereft him of reason. " What do I want ?" he screamed. " Blood and sewing machines on time-payment — somebody's gore and the latest improvements in pianos, without interest or security — any body's scalp and everybody's home-washer and patent potato-peeler ! What do I want? Toe life of the man who first circulated .the lie that an Englishman's house is his castle !" Then the neighbour, who was making her plam pudding, came oot to see whose house had fallen in, and beheld a respectable medical man flyiDg through space, as if the ghosts of all his past patients were at his heels. As for the victim of neuralgia, he stays at home no more. His jaws may ache their bitterest, but he prefers the turmoil and riot of the busy city to all the boasted peace and quiet of a day alone at home. They train racehorses to such a pitch now that it is said the equine intelligence knows whether the " owner's " money ia on or not. If the money is on, the faithful animal does his beet to eome in first, but if the owner's "sugar" is still in the pot at home, the nonchalant quadruped is "not on the job," and ccmes in last. To give an Idea how we may call these delicate creatures ours, and . not the places in which they finish, I have just heard a story of Nordenfeldt, which illustrates, perhaps slightly caricatures, the extreme sensibility of the thoroughbred racehorse. ' Do you think that Nordenfeldt is sure to win the Derby ?" asked one racing connoisseur of the other. "Well, heoughter," was the reply ; "bat then you see you oan't expect him to be quiie hisself bo eoon after hearing of the deatn in New Zealand of his sire Musket." Mr. Carter, in his address to the electors of West Melbourne, declared that the success of those electors meant his success, that their, prosperity meant his prosperity. Apparently Mr. Carter argues that the more prosperous people are the more wines and spirits they could afford to buy, so we oan all once more admire him for that " frank outspokenness " of his thoughts which has so often before got him into trouble. JOHN PEERYB INGLE. 