HIS; ONE MISTAKE, ~y BERTHA M. CLAY. CHAPTE R' LXVI.-(CONTINUED.) It looklike Is pla?o to be haunted," said Lord Carsdale; "still, a sea.washed jetty in rather a strange place for a ghost. What kind of ghost is it ?" "Well, youeknow, sir, of course it is no ghost-there is no such thing; but I tell you one thing, none of our young people would come here after dark, and I do not mind laying that I have often bada turn myself." " What is it, then 7" asked Lord Carsdale. "To tell you the truth, air," said the old man, "it is' a'lady; I think some great trouble has driven' her mad. She looks like t.What doee she do? " continued Lord Caredale, growing interested. ", Well, she never comes here, sir, before the gloaming, and she is so shadowy, so still, so white, and so beautiful, that people have a kind of dread of her. I have seen her often enough, and her face is quite transparent; it is like'marble with the moon shining on it. She seeme always to come with the gloaming, and she goes away with the great darkness. She site right at the end of the jetty, there where the water touches those black arches. I went to her once," continued the old man, see ing that his listener was interested. " I said to myself there was nothing to be afraid of, and Iwent to her. "Are you not afraid of the waves ?" I said to her; and, sir, I almost tell back into the sea myself when she raised her face and looked at me. I did not know that there could be such a face in all the world." "What was it like?" asked Lord Oarsdale. "It would take one more clever than I am to tell that. It was like nothing I have ever seen on this earth; it was beautiful, like the faeI of an angel in a picture, and it was filled with sorrow. It did not look as though she had cried-the grief on it was past all tears; and yet there was a strange light, a curious strange light. I said to her, "Are you not afraid of the waves?"' and then she looked as I told you. It took ms some time to got over that look. Then I said: " When they reach these black arches they are daogerous," I said "Yes, I know," 'sho replied; and, for me, aueh a voice was worth hearing; it was sweet and sad as a cooing dove. "Do you know," I continued, "' that danger in this case means death?" "Yes, I know it," she answered, "You need not trouble about me. Do you see this mark here?" She raised her hand such a white hand, sir, like a anow-flake-and she pointed out to me a great black notch In the wood. "You ass this ?" she repeated, and I said "You." "I shall sit here," she said, "night after night until the waves reach here, sand when they reach hero I shall die. Oh, welcome death I Oh, beautiful death I I shall die it will not be suicide; I shall not killmyeelf; bue the waves will carry me so gently out to sea-co gently so sweetly I" Sir, I drew back, frightened at her; neither her face nor her voice were like anything earthly. That was more than two weeks since; now I watch her, and I have my boat ready. It ever I see her in danger, I shall do my best to saveher," "It is a strange story," said Lord Care. I dale, "All the young people are shy of going near I theJetty. It used tobea famous plae for t lovemaking: now when that silent figure eteals s ?hently and quietly along, every one I vanishes as~thoogh by magic," "What time do you say the poor lady comes?" asked Lord Car dale. "Only in .the gloaming sir; only in the gloaming,"! maid the old man, as he walked away,. t'.OH&PTEL; LXVII. e t S" woP AT MAT... a .oujdldt beAile 1" Lord Carsdale asked imeolfl?,tuestion over and over again. Why a thoughts flown to her at once? wkhoulj that strong, swift, keen, secret P onolotoln hiave seized him- that it was she, andn? one else? It seemed to him, now v that be thought o! it, natural enough that h ehe skonld'come to Fernbayy-the one happy ii da o her life had been spent here. Could n e Ailie? thks woman of unoarthly beauty, 0 who,0 01gy waiting until the sreen waves w Ho uhdhat blaekonotch and carrid her awa.y? 0 look, _ alter the old man, wisehing that heo had made f.rlhor inquirioe, that he had asked more aout heor that h had tried to mahe out whore she cmee from Then ha sat d to him. Iu sell that he wouald wai until the gloaming and sen for himself. o u o Suddenlyeremembered that ho couldnot ec ait~hehadpromised to sond a telsgram, and h ho malt io ii atonces he could return as moon ti he owent, depatched his business, and re. tI red. The gloaming had fallen then, a light silver mist hng over the sea; the waves It eran .otkly, they''were creosted with white th vero l wd wasetill, and seemed to brood so over e water rather than stir it. eet so dark, as he walked up that lonely d or ta n, could hardly see? then, as he w ire, arer--down at the farther end, e po. di ite tho tMhak arches and wateing them I SI e aw the silent, eoltyry figure of In his after lifo Lord Caradale could hardly describe what followed; it seemed to him that that very moment be passed from the regions of commonplace and common life into those of romance-tbh darkening night, the long, low wash of the waves, the heaving of the n. silent sea, the line of lighte in the distance, the tall white cliffs standing so erect and de s fiant, the lonely jetty with the sea break \- leg over it, and that one figure watching so in. Coul ten it he Allie ? He stood and watched -how long he never knew, he could never tell. The darkness crept on apace; the great to ruby light at the end of the jetty sent out a strange, livid flame; still the silent figure at there, watching the dark arches, and Lord Caradale stood quite still, watching it. 9P Then came a strange, sweet sound-at first he thought it was the distant music ; then it grew so strange, so sad and sweet, he could r have believed the old fable of the mermaid; then he recognized the air-afavourite dreamy ne German melody, called "The Lonely ;" it seamed to float over the waves, and die away in their murmur. id It was Aili esinging--he knew the voice. He was quite certain of her then, and he thanked Heaven for the instinct that had led re him to find her. He said to himself that he must be cautioune; perhaps what they said about her was true-that her great sorrow had driven her mad; and he must not dis. to tress her by suddenly speaking to her. He went nearer to her, and the shadow that the ruby light threw on the jetty was at her feet, but she never saw it. Then, more cautiously still, he want near her, and looked in her face; it was Ailie-but, great Heaven; how changed, how wan, how white I Her .face, as the old man said, was transparent-it was unearthly-in its clear transparency; the sor row that filled it was not of the kind that sends relief in toars. He saw thatsho looked neither to the right nor the left, that she never took her eyes from the great notch on the black arehes. He pictured to himself the clear, green waves rising slower higher and higher, until they covered the sweet, sad face, and bore her away with them. The picture troubled him so greatly he dare not be silent any longer. What it she rose suddahly and walked from the end of the jetty into the sea ? He stood before her-he touched her gently, and called her by name. d "Aille I " he said ; "Ailie' my wife I " id There was no madness in the gaze she is turned on him, nothing but unutterable sad. it neos-unutterable sorrow. fShe did not seem surprised to see him ; perhaps she had io thought so much about him that it gave her u no surprise to see him there. - Her face could Id grow no whiter than it had done, but a strange id light came into her eyes. She never dreamed that he was there for any other purpose but c. to blame her. .She clasped her hands and d looked into herface. It "I did not betray you, Lord Carsdale," she te said. "I did not tell one single word. I would not have spoken it they had hilled d me." Then she looked from him to the dark to arches, where the waves rose slowly. o "Ailie," he said, gently, " will you tell me a what you are doing hero?" n "Yes," she replied. "I am waiting until it the water reaches that rock, then it will carry t. me away." , "You know that will be suicide," he said. a. "I do not think so; the soft, green waves a will fetch me-I shall not throw myself in." I "But, Ailie, why do you wish to die?" he \- asked. 0 "lBecause my miserable life stands between d you and your happiness," she replied; " be. oe cause life is bitter, and death is sweet." 11 My darling Alie--my dear wife-listen to me," " I have followed you here, it I have looked for you everywhere, because I want to toll you that at last Ihave learned to . love you-and that I want you to try and be ahappy as my wife." There was no rapture of love in the pale e face, no light such as he had dreamed his d words would bring there, no gleam of joy. o She looked at him with gentle, mournful dig. "I You forget," she said, "you told me that t you loved Lady Ethel." - \- There was no reproach, no anger in her r tones; nothing but the most gentle incredu. 3 lity. 1 I know it," he said; " but Ailie, listen to me. I have come so far to see you, my darling; make room for me by your side." She drew aside her dress, and he sat down by her. "I want to toll you, Allie, how your Sheoroism has touched me. My darling, take your eyes from that terrible rook; the clear, I green waves shall never take you away-your I only home shall be henceforward in my heart. I Ailie, you said once, long ago, that love wins love; and it is true. Your great love for me has won love from me." Still she looked at him, and said: "It is Lady Ethel you love, not me." " My darling wife, what must I say to con. vince you that it is you whom I love, and no other? Lady Ethel and I have partedi we shall not meet again; and I gave up my. life to seeking for you, just as now I shall give it up to making you happy." S"It cannot be true," she said, musingly. "It is true, Ailie, I cannot even tell you when I began to think so much about you ; I frankly own that it puzzled me myself ; I did not believe it was possible that I was learning to love you. Your face touched me; the sweet, sad eyes haunted me; the sound of your voice never left me, and I said to myself I must be learning to love my wife at last." He took the two cold, white hands In his. "Then, when I came back-I was only so short a time absent, Allis-when I came back, and I found that my beautiful wife had ead. denly become a heroine, that for my sake, be. cause she would not betray me, she had en. -dured insult and calumny-that sheo had sacrificed even her fair name for me by re. fCsing to justify herself at my expense. I said to myself, my wife is a heroine, the greatest heroine of all; there is no one like her. Quite asuddenly, my darling, you be. came invested in my eyes with every great and glorious quality-with endurance, with patience, with fortitude, with self.denial. What love was this? I said to myself; the r world had seen none like it-so beautiful, so I brave, so devoted I And, Allis, while I stood t listening tp what my mother said about you, r my heart seemed stirred.with a now, sudden, great love-a love that swept through my whole being like a flame, before which all other love faded, and I said to myself, 'I will make myself worthy of my wife."' - She looked up at him timidly. a "It is really true, Lord Carsdale, that you a love we 1-that you wish to be worthy of me ? -ie it really true ?" "It is quite true, Allie, Let me tell you something else. Ihave been to lludeswell, and have made them all happy there. I have told them who I am, and all about our marriage; I have done the same thing at home, so that there needbe no more secrecy. Some little colour had come into the beauti. fel face, a lovely colour that came and went; ; the unearthly light faded from her face, and something of human interest came into it. s "I have been hero so long," she said, "waiting for death, that my eyes are dauzled i with the great, strong light of eternity. What e did Lady Waldrove say ? She was very angry, I know. I tremble when I think of her." ri "She was angry, and my father, too; but, my darling Ali, I am oming to take you to cc y Austria; and when we have been there d few it years they will forget all anger, and be glad to is see mo bock again." - '' 3 'He spoke more cheerfully than ho fcl on g, that one subject. Then he told her all that o Lady Ethel had said. e, "Now will you believe that I love you, my 5- wife? If you knew how ashamed I feel of all r- my cowardice, how angry I have been with it myself for my want of courage, yoen would forgive me. Believe that I love you, my. d darling wife, when I give up with a smile r everything man holds moset dear-- oountry, It home, friends, parents, all for the one true a love of my life." it There was a lingering look of incredaul 'd on her face, but as he clasped her in his arm and covered her face with passionate tears, I n hands for one minute above her head, then eo d said: I "Ithank God that He has given me t y desire of my heart." it The stars came out in the.dark ly, tbh y moon shone on the waters, and long hour had passed before they quitted the eolitar . pier. It was not the same Ailia; those who he ad feated lier before would not know' her d 'now; all the sorrow and sadness had passed e from her beautiful face, and it was bright with d the happiest love. It seemed to her that no w one had ever been so happy before, or so 5\. blessed. She asked sonmany questions about :e home-what her father and mother had said? o what Rose's lover was like? was all the t, grand news over Frank true? And Lord y Caredale, seeing how deeply it interested her, ,r never wearied of telling her every detail of the w interview. Two days afterward they started for Vienna, ia where, in the course of a few months, Lady C- Carsdole was known as one of the' most It beautiful and brilliant ornaments of a brilliant d court. She was happy beyond all words in r her hueband's love, and he had learned to e value her. CHAPTER LXVIII, ANOEL9 OF PEACE. 'e Six yeare had passed since the terrible day e on which the proud Countess of Waldrove y had owned, with bitter tears, that the hopes of her life lay buried. Lady Gertrude's e, marriage was one of the most brilliant cere. monies ever witnessed at R1saeneath. The Duke and Duchess of Clavordon were present, e and the most elaborate 'apologies were made " for the unavoidable absence of the son and a heir. lie was in Vienna, and could not get d away.. Lord Carsdale had sold out of his re. r giment before he left England, and the ap. I pointment he held in Vienna was a diplomatic one. . d The countess owned herself more than con. t tent with the grandeur of the marriage. Her d daughter,', the Duchess of Olaverdon and Lady It wdon, visited her very often, bring. e ing with them-blooming children, the eight I of whom made her heart ache with longing fa or her son. During all these years Lord Carsdale bad k not written home. Perhaps had he prayed for pardon and reconciliation, the earl and o the countess might have hardened their hearts against him; as it was, his submission iI and silence had softened them. y One event had happened which had brought back all the old bitterness to Lady Waldrove -Lady Ethel had married that most hand e some, irresistible of all woers, Captain Moore. She had become the Countess of Hurlingham e since her marriage, and on each visit to Rosee neath she never ceased to weary both earl and a countess with importunities to send for their 1 so0. " deIt was such nonsense," she said "the a deed was done now. - Lord Oarsdale had a, proved himself to be a hero. As for his wife, I the British: peerage," she dauntlessly de. o clared, "did not hold such another." 3 There was nothing but good news from the Derwente. Through the influence of Lord Ca arsdale, Rose's lover, the Reverend Cuthbert a Lodes, had been presented with a good living in Yorkshire, where he and his amiable wife lived the happiest of lives. . Frank had made his mark, and bid fair to be one of the lead ing civil engineers of the day. John Derwent and his wile had retired to a very prettylittle r farm in the sunniest part of Kent, where they lived as they had never hoped to live, and Hettie was with them. Nothing but good news from all parts of the world, and Lady Aille Caredale rejoiced in it. There came a beautiful spring morning the sun was shining, the balmy air was filled a with the perfume of mignonoette and lilac. The Earl and Countess of Waldrove sat alone in their breakfast-room atRoseneathAbbhy a beautiful room, gay with pink hangings and white lace, fragrant with lovely white hyacinths and jonquils. The sun shone in through tihe windows, and its light fell on the beautiful flowers, the massive silver, the delicate china, and ineoo damask.- It was a very pretty and luxurious home pictare-the countess in her dainty morning-robe and cap of Mechlin lace, the earl in his dressing-gown -a cozy home picture. My lady touched the white hyacinths, she looked at the green springing mignonette, she lingered over the fragrant tea; and then, with a great sigh, she said to the earl: "I am very lonely; I am very dull." "It is dull," said the earl. "We seem to be lost in this great, empty house. Ihave felt quite gloomy since Gertrude and her children went away." The same unspoken thought lay deep in the heart of both-an intense longing to have their son near them again. Suddenly the silvery, musical chiming of a child's laughter was heard. Lady Waldrovo looked up quickly. "What was that ?" she asked. The earl did not move. "Some of the servants have little visitors, I should imagine," he said, But the words died on his lips, for the door suddenly and slowly opened, and then entered the lovelist pair of little children over beheld. . There was a little girl with a face like a rosebud, lovely, laughing eyes, and sweet lips, with shining, golden hair that lay over the whitest shoulders ever seen-a little fairy, full of grace and dignity. She looked neither to the right nor to the left, but went straight up to the earl, and standing in front of him, raised her lovely, limped eyes to his face. "Will you please forgive my mamma 2" she. said. A handsome, dark.haired boy, with a true Carsdale face, and dark, flashing eyes-a frank, bold, brave boy, who won her heart at a glance, went up to Lady Waldrove, and said: "W ill you forgive my papal?" "God bless meel" eried the earl. "Who are those? Who are.you, my dear?". " I am Luria Caredale," said the little fairy. "And I," said the boy, "am Stephen Cars. dale--named after my grandfatherthe grand old earl." "And who sent you here?" "Papa and mamma sent us. Pas. bids mo say he loves you both, and he longs to come homo to you. He says you wil[love mamma when you know her." It wa' useless for the countess to speak, for the earl had clasped both the pretty mes. rengers in his arms. "I should refuse the angels of God," he rald, "if I refuse you." "Shall you forgive our boy ?" said the countess. And the grand old earl, in a faltering voice, said : ,I will, wll, as I hope one day to be for given." There was still another surpriso for them. Lady Ethel followed the little ones into the room. "I am an uninvited guest," she said; "but, I am sure, a welcome one. I have brooght these dear children. Lord and Lady Oars. dale wait outside." The next moment the son was in his mother's arms, and the earl had embraeed his seon's wife. It was the prettiest scene ever witnessed, and one whiso must have made the angele smile. They lived happily ever afterward. The couentess learned to love very dearly the beautiful, graceful woman who was her son's wife. There was no more popalar lady in England than Lady daredale. but, when she is speaking seriously, she says there is no greater folly than that of an unequal mar. nage. TIee END. 