INTERCOLONIAL,. [BY SUBMARINE CABLE.] VICTORIA. M elbourne, Last Night. [ from oub own correspondent.] Tbe criminal prosecution brought against Trotman by the Federal Bank for sending a telegram to Sydney, reflecting ou the bank's position, has been withdrawn, Trotuian having made a full apology. Tbe Hon. Thos. Reibey’s (Ental)y, Hadspen) race horses Wymerie, Kitawfl, and Hawthorn were submitted sale nt Tattersal’s bazaar this afternoon. Wymerie was started at hundred guineas, and he was cntunlly knocked down to Mr Joseph Cohen at 205 guineas. Kit^wa also started at a 100 guineas and evcntuuly knocked down to M Aiknian for 245 guineas. Hawthorn: also put up and passed. The hurdle racer, Duration, was sold for 290 g u ‘ The following aro the probable starters for tbe Caulfield Cup:—W elcome Jack, Sardius, Blink Bonny, Tom Brown, Mozart, Loi-d Wilton, Coriolanus, Madcap, Dick Hatterick, Plausible, St. Laurence, Grace Darling, Lantern, Despot, Velocipede, Impulse, Country Boy, Anglesey, ” ‘ince Imperial, Claptrap, Tho Andes, tigship, Britisher, Marie Louise, Lord Exeter, Tarpeil, Minerva, Black Diamond, Winchester, Sirocco, Lcsbia^ Vision, Forlorn Hope, Yellowhowmer, Too Too, and Urana. Alex. Robertson ill ride Blink Bonny; M r Grade, Tom Brown; M. O'Brien, Madcap; Crack-J nell, Anglesey; McGrath, Prince Imleriul ; Nicholson, Lord Exeter; and Bence, Velocipede. rm ’ The following are the tips for the various racesHurdle race—Master Pinetop 1, Ravcnsworth 2, Cockboat 3\. Nursery Handicap—Munwyi*tina General Gordon 2, Elsie 3. Stec. plecbase—Studley 1, Lady Ashton 2. Windsor Handicap—Ghost 1, Rebus 2\. Caulfield Cup—Madcap 1, W ii C h e ste r 2, Gratitude 3. To-diiy’ Coronet was scratched for all engagements, ho having gone roug in his legs. The following aro tbo Caulfield scratchings:—Steeplechase. Bob Cooper. \ \ iudsor Han-1 p i i The Victoria Club rooms w e re crowded to-night. Madcap was the first favorite for the Cup at 100 to 12. Velocipede, Prince Imperial, and Lord Exeter have also been well supported at 100 to 10. A lot of nionoy has been put on Gratitude, and 1(» 100 to 5 was obtainable. Mui.nouRNE, To-day. A strong hot wind was blowing during the morning. It Tt li*c r-rtwsomewhat subsided, but it ,'c is not ,rT> improbable th at it will rain befora the day is oyer. Largo crowds of people ai-e in town for the Caulfield races. For the Cup, Madcap is largely taken a t 100 to 8. Last N ight Velocipede, Imperial, and Lord Exeter, were at the same price as previously. The w rit for West Melbourne will probably be issued to-day mt,_ „onnnA 41 t* j i The se^nd road.ngof tie Federal Council Adopting Bill will be proposed on Tuesday. It will be taken simultaneously here and in Tasmania. Mr L. L. Lewis bus undertaken to get up n grand concert to provide the public funds to supplement Mr Ormond’s donation for providing a chair of music, in accorannce with Mr Onuaud's conditions. Several of the principal artistes of Melbourne huve promised to assist. Tho Brighton magistrates have heavily fined a woman named K ate Simoock for keeping 6avagc dogs, whioh attacked Mis Tydcmnn, the wife of u gaidouer. 