The Wicked Woods of Toberee vil. -— ? w ~ ? BY THE AUTHOR OF ' HESTER'S HISTORY.' CHAPTER XXVII. — THE FAGGOTS BURN. For some days everything went on pleasantly at Monasterlea. May had doubts and fears about the bargain that had been concluded be tween the uncle and nephew ; but seeing that doubts and fears were not relished by Paul, she put them all away from her, and saw every thing in the light by which he wished her to look at it Paul paid frequent visits to Tobere evil, and took long walks and rides over the proeprty, making himself acquainted with the scene of his future duties ; which were first to be those of servant, and afterwards those of master. The affairs of Miss Martha's farm were rather neglected for the first week or so, but the old lady was right glad to give holiday to her new manager for any good reasons he could show, and resumed her farming habits till such time as his various duties could be made to run side by side. There was no wearying, meanwhile, between the two lovers, of the joyous intercourse which they now tasted ; of the blithe chatter which they carried on while roaming over hill and dale. There was no end to the leases which they granted in imagination, the comfortable cottages they built as they went along, the half-yearly debts of rent which they remitted to the long over taxed families in which the father had broken a leg, or the mother was in a consumption. Such a thing as an eviction was to be heard of never more. And if May, in the midst of Paul's eniovment of his make-believe nower. felt a question rising like a trouble within her, ' What will Simon, tbe miser, say to all these changes ?' the words were never spoken, and the question was crushed down again in her heart, where it lay ; a little pain that would at times throb into a great one. In the mean time the snow fell often and the nights were frosty, and the evenings had become very delightful in the little brown par lour. Ghosts had come into season, and Nan nie's sories were in fashion in the kitchen, es pecially of an evening, when Bridget's gossips and sweethearts had come in to lend a hand with the churning. It was just at the close of one of the short dark days before Christmas, in the midst of a high storm, that a new and rough current came troubling the happy tide of human life at Monasterlea. May had not gone out with Paul that mom ing, because it was to be a busy day with her, and a busy day it had been. There had been butter-making in the morning and baking in the afternoon, and the superintendence of these matters belonged to May. It was all over now, and she was expecting Paul ; for Paul, as a rule, spent his evenings at Monasterlea. She was dressed in a long wollen robe of a softplumcolor withdazzlingwhiterufilesatherthroatand wrists. She was standing by the fire, with a piece of needlework in her hand, but it was too dark to work. The shifting light of flames is a plea sant light to think by, and May was in a re verie, looking at pictures in her mind, whose colors were as fair as those of a rainbow. She looked a picture herself, as the fire illumed her dark braids of hair, and all the tints, and curves, and dimples of her face. Even in re pose and by such light the face looked full enough of humor, and sweetness, and thought, and maybe passion, to make a painter's frame. She looked like a woman who could make the happiness of every creature who might come near her ; but who could possibly break her heart. And even at this moment there was trouble for her in the air. The trees of Tobereevil were shrieking two miles away in the wind ; and ill luck came and knocked at the hall-door at Monastelea. May went quickly to the door, thinking it was Paul, and saw ill- luck standing waiting for admittance. It had a tall, buxom shane. with a riding-habit fluttering abut the graceful limbs. There was some light hair streaming from a gleaming face whose beauty shone even through the shadows which almost hid it. There was a hat somewhat maltreated by the wind and sleet, the shrunken feathers streaming after the hair. Ill luck had come in the shape of Katherine Archbold. If you had spoken to May an hour ago about Katherine, it would have appeared, by her answer, that she had not seen or heard, nor thought of that young lady for a period that seemed, as long as seven years. She would have remembered that she was a person who had ruined poor Christopher ; but as Chris topher had written several cheerful letters of late, and seemed to be doing well, May and Paul had lately made up their minds, in their passion of poverty, that Chsistopher would, in the long run, be much better without his money. She would also remember that Katherine was a person who laid some claim to rams attecaons, ana sne pitica ner in ttiis, seeing that Paul had no liking for her. It is no untruth to assert that, for the past few weeks, 'she had utterly forgotten her existence, so completely had May been shut up in her own rosy world. And yet here was the splen did Katherine, standing dishevelled, like a storm-sprite, at the door of her little home. ' Let me in, and don't look so amazed to see me,' cried Katherine, in the light, amused tone which she had always used with May. ' For goodness sake shut the door, and give me a welcome. I think I deserve one after riding so far to see you.' ' I beg your pardon,' said May, ' do come in to the fire. Oh, dear, how wet you are, and how splashed with snow and mud ! You must change your clothes immediately. And who has come with you ? There is somebody still outside in the cold.' ' There is nobody,' said Katherine ; ' I came alone.' 'Alone!' echoed May. 'And do your father and mother know it ?' ' Perhaps, by this time,' said Katherine, carelessly. ' But you know I never ask leave for what I do. I left a written message which they will find, no doubt. But first they shall have a fright' ' How could von be so cruel ?' burst forth May. ' There, little goody ! Hold your tongue and don't scold,' said Katherine, tossing off her hat 'I choose to punish every one who tyrannises over me. They are very safe, since they find I have not drowned myself, nor eloped with some bog-trotter, as they will have been wise enough to suppose. In the mean time, are you going to be my enemy ot my friend ?' 'Your friend,' said May. 'And I have no right to scold you, nor to pry into your affairs. Of course I think you wrong, but I also think you wet'Juid tired. And your horse? Did any one take'ybur horse?' Katherine laughed. ' I let him go at the gate,' said she, ,ii and he will trot back to Camlough.' ' And terrify your parents ?' 'Probably,' replied Katherine. 'For Heaven's sake don't stare so, but get me some dry clothes, as you said you would. They will send me some things presently, but I have brought nothing with me.' May said no more, but led her unexpected visitor away to her own chamber. It was the very same room in which she had dressed her once before, wheri'they were children. It was the most whimsical room in the house, all nooks and angles, and from its sloping ceiling and the many twists in its walls, was peculiarly well suited to show off the gambols of the goblins which firelight will set capering. It had been made out of a bit of an old sacristry, and there was a rather grim and sorrowful ghost of a sculptured crucifix in bas-relief on the wall, all chipped and almost worn away by time ; besides some cherubs' heads with curly locks and rounded cheeks, broken noses and pouting lips,- clustered under the slantings in the corners of the ceiling. In the midst of these relics flourished all the little niceties which a girl loves to gather round her in her particular sanctum. The guest having been arrayed in the prettiest gown she possessed, and placed in a comfortable chair at the hearth, May went down on her kness to make the fire burn more brightly. Bridget brought fresh fuel, and took a message to Miss Martha. ' Allow me,' said Katherine, and she took the little bundle of sticks from Bridget's hand, and fed the flame with them, from time to time, as she talked. May sat on the hearth rug and listened to her talking. ' You wonder, I suppose, what brought me away from home in such a hurry, and what made me come here to give my company to you ? You are dying with curiosity, and yet you are too polite to ask.' Here leathering cast a stick upon the blazing fire. ' ' You see my father and mother have pleased themselves to be angry with me. They are quite out of humor because I wish to amuse myself. It is beyond all reason their wanting to dictate me. They sulked at me for a week about that Christopher. By the way, he came here and made a fuss, did he not ?' ' He came here and nearly died,' said May. Katherine shrugged her shoulders and looked complacent, and another stick was tossed into the flames. ' WelL I can't help it. If people will be so silly, I am not to be held accountable. It was a pity to lose the money, but I did not think of that. People begin to think of money when they grow a little older. When one has had all that one could fancy, it is not easy to learn prudence ; and Sir John and lady Arch bold need not try to teach me now. I could not bring them to their senses without giving them a fright. They shall be frightened for twelve hours ; till my maid shall find a letter, as if by the merest chance. And then they will send my trunks. They shall be very anxious to see me before they get me back again. May was silent. With all her wish to be hospitable she could not find in her heart that she was glad of the chance that had brought Miss Archbold to Monasterlea. Katherine, meantime, fled the (lames with a lavish hand, and the fire leaped and burned with a good roar in the chimney ; and May looked up and suddenly saw mat trie slicks wnicn tne visitor held in her lap were those very wicked faggots which she herself had hidden out of sight and forgotten. It was not at all wonderful that Bridget should have found them and turned them to account ; but May did not like to see them in Katherine's hands. A strange fit of superstitious bewilderment came upon her; she saw impish spirits dancing through the flames, and clambering up the smoke-ladders and mocking at her as if they had overreached her. Turning her eyes from the fire she saw Katherine's defiant face shining through the glamour made by the up-springing of the flames, and the down-pressing of the shadows around her glittering golden head. At the same moment she heard the unified sound of Paul's voice and steps in the outer hall. The sound seemed dim and far away, and did not break cheerfully upon the strange mood that had befallen her. Instead of that it mixed it self up with a sense of approaching danger which she was powerless to avert The danger, had come with Katherine, and was wrapped up in her ; belonged to Katherine, and would work through her. She was the instrument of all the evil that was in truth haunting Paul. She had come as ill-luck to Monasterlea. Sympathy with Paul's troubles was making May superstitious. She was attaked by this terror as by a fit of sudden sickness; and making an effort to shake it off bprang up kneeling on the hearth. ' Hark !' said Katherine, dropping the faggots and holding up her jewelled finger.: ' There is the lover. Is he cot the lover ? How angry you were the day when I showed you to yourself ! How you denied my pene tration ! Well, was I not right ? Has not all I predicted come to pass ?' ' No,' said May ; ' you were altogether wrong.' ' Hey-day ! What is that ? Are you not engaged to the handsome Paul ?' ' Yes ; but I would rather not talk about it' ' Get away with you !' said Kalherine. ' You are as prim as an old maid. When are you to be married ?': ' Oh, I do not know. There is much to be done first.' ' Is there, indeed. And you are both good ' We are both very happy,' said May, simply. ' How nice to be looking on at such a pretty pair of lovers !' said Katherine. ' So patient and so happy, in spite of a long, long engage ment with a vague, vague ending ! That is what I shall be doing while I am here. It will interest me extremely. You must in troduce me to your Paul. I shall be civil to him for your sake, and be will like me I dare sBy. Perhaps he will remember having seen me before.' ' He remembers you,' said May, me chanically, with her eyes on a half-burnt fag got between the bars. ' Oh ! He told you so when you repeated to him all that folly which I talked about him at Camlough.' An involuntary look of disgust crept for a moment into May's eyes. It did not escape Katherine, nor was she likely to forget it when it presently disappeared. ' You are mistaken in ma,' said May ; ' I could not so betray any one.' ' Ah ! that is good of you. Primness, I see, sometimes does one a service. I remem ber now that I made you promise to forget that conversation.' ' I have a better memory than you.' ' You have a better everything, my dear, except physique and self-wili. I yield to no one in beauty, and I have a talent for having my own way, which amounts to genius. Yon shall see it in full working before I have been here long.' May looked up brightly, and laughed at her audacity, which, she yet knew very well, was not a merry jest After all, this was no un earthly creature of unhallowed powers not to be baffled ; but only wild Katherine ArchDold. It was her nature to do mischief where she could, but May had a subtle power of her own, ot which she was not all unconscious. And she would not fear any other woman on earth, were that other woman incarnate beauty itself. Something of this Katherine found in the speaking dark eye. So she became more offensive. ' Are you desperately in love with your fine Paul?' she asked. 'I don't dislike him,' said May. ' Bah !' said Katherine, provoked. ' As if I did not know that you are a soft little fool, ? ready to love anybody !' May coloured. ' Not anybody,' she said ; ' not you, for instance.' ' Oh, she *''= lost her temper at last. Not me ? Well, look here. I will make a bar- , gain with you. You begin to love me with all vour might, and I will give you this pretty ring. ' It is worth a hundred guineas.' The diamonds flashed in the light of the ; blazing .faggots, as Katherine held the ring poised on the end of Her little finger. May put her hands behind her back. ' Keep it,' she said ; ' I am too poor to give you even the wretched price you ask for it.' Katherine frowned and smiled. ' I always knew you were obstinate,' she said, ' but you are sharper than I thought you.' There was a sudden silence between the the two girls. It was as if both had understood that there had been more under their words than either had cared to utter. Again the fire light played its weird pranks about the guest's golden head, ahd threw strange meanings into ier eyes, and laid ominous touches upon her mouth. And again the superstitious, un accountable terror of approaching . bana gathered round May's heart ; till a welcome household sound in the passage broke die spdL and she felt ashamed of herself. ' Come !' she said, ' we are a silly pair to stay here sparring at one another. Don't-fum think we had better go and be sociable in tKe parlour ? My aunt is waiting for us, and X want to present you to Mr. Finniston.' ?? '- .' Wait !' said Katherine. She had lighted the only -remaining stick of the wicked faggots. She held the blazing wood in her hand, and . watched it burn away slowly toward her fingers while a lurking smile played about die cornets of her mouth. ' I amreading your furnreMajii looking to see whether you will be married Jo your Paul. Did you ever hear of Margaret and her daisy? Well, if die burnt part breaks and drops away before the flame reaches my finger it is the breaking of your engagement. Watch, watch ! It is gone !' The piece of red charcoal bad dropped xm the hearth. Katherine tossed the burning morsel that remained into die fire. The flames dropped in die grate, and the room was in darkness. ' Don't be a goose !' said May, and opened the door into the lighted passage. But Katherine was not accustomed to be called a goose. (To be Continued.) 