WIEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 91. 1SSi?. it TimE more the Ministerial proposals with reference to rifle ranges are enquired into the more unsatisfactory they appear. The Minister for. Defeauce is making a scapegoat of thie Comunandant, and cast. ing the whole respasibility upon the shoulders of Col. Loggo, who is being forced into a position that cannot ad vance bis !reputation as a competent ad visor upon military matters. It has at 1 length boon elicited that what the Laun. oeston Volhnteoar wore expecting from the repeated assurances of the Minister, aMr. Burgess never intended to grant. They wanted to obtain a modern rifle range, the Minister and Commandant think a ritle butts quite sutticient. But, apart from the soreness the Launceston Volunteers must feel at the want of faith towards them, it is plain the country rifle clubs have also been humbugged. They were led to believe that nothing could be done till Parliament had passed the Defence Bill, and then they would see that Ministers recognised their value in real earnest, and would be prepared to grant assistance with reference to tquipamint, rifle ranges, and :targets, etc. It now appears that not the slightest piovision has been made. for them. The Minister for Defence has stated that Colonel Legge submitted to him a lump sum of £2000 for rifle ranges, assur ing him that it would be sufficient to provide ranges at both Hobart and Launceston, but that no separate esti mates were prepared. The Mlinister added £2700 to the item, and on Friday night informed the House that it was intended £1800 should go to Hobart and £1400 to t Launceston, so that, as this absorbs the i wholo £2700, it is clear neither the Minis tor nor the Commandant intended any provision should he made for country rifle clubs. Strange to say, no explana tion has been demanded on this point, and the members of tbo clubs that have been waiting patiently, relying on the assurances of Ministers, do not yet seem aware that they have been thrown over board, though the acquiescence of the Premier in Mr. Mfoore's remark, as the Defence Bill passed its final stage in the Council, that the bill would prove a dead letter, ought to have awakened general suspicion as to tile bona Jides of the Cabinet. At present good rifle ranges are a real necessity at both Hobart and Launceston. At the former place the Volunteers have the Macquarie Point range, only 450 yards in length, and a rented strip on a farm at Sandy Bay, 20 yards .wide and 700 yards long, over uneven ground, the shooting being uphill. At Launceston Volunteers:iave not been able to qualify as marksmen since 1883, and only marks men may use the present butts, on account of the risk through the buildings that have goneup in the rear. At Hobart there is great difficulty in finding a sult able site for a permanent range within easy distance of the city, but at Laun ceston a magnificent site can be secured just outside the town boundary, where a thousand or fifteen hundred yards range is available over a dead level, with a sloping hill at the end to not as a natural butta behind the targets. Were such a range available near the capital, it would be eagerly snapped up, and a strip secured not merley sufficient for present but for all future requirements, lest when the necessity for enlargement arose the land should no longer be obtainable. Yet what do we find ? That the Defence Minister declares he is entirely in the hands of the Commandant, and that the latter pooh poohs the idea of looking ahead, never even visited one por tion of the site till a few days ago,betrays by his speech that ihe has made no in quiries as to the value of land, probable coat, etc., and though the expense of fencing and draining a narrow strip is almost the same as for a wider strip, proposes to secure a width, not of 300yds. as desired, but of l00yds., which will i only provide for a rifle butts. What the Volunteers have been expecting is that a range shall be secured wide enough to permit of the full course of musketry instruction being carried out, and when champion matches are being fired to allow firing at various ranges to proceed simultaneously. The regulation distance for targets is 40 yards apart, and allowing for the distance each must set infrom thecedge of thebutts, the width proposed by Colonel Legge will allow for two targets only at long ranger. At the Williamnstown range the targets (80 in number) were placed 22 yards apart, and three markers have been shot. At the inquest on the last unfortmnato, the accident was attributed to the fact of tile targets being too close, canusing a risk of marksmen at long ranges firing at the wrong target, and every alternate target at tihe Williamstown range has now been removed, leaving the dis tance apart 44yds. Yet Colonel Leggo is said to have asaerted that te, yartls be tween the targets is quite sutticient! Comment is nupaofluots. It is evident that Colonel Loggra' military training has been exclusively that of an artillery oflicer, and unfortunately hlie dooems that to be sutlicient. As matters now stand the northern Volunteers have no security that a proper range will be pro vided, and as, the present opportunity once lost, the land may not be obtainable when required, we sincerely trust those membhers of Parliament who have taken this question in hand will not relax their efforts till a msore satisfactory result is obtained. Tue news of the death of Osman Digma lhas now been oflicially confirmed, and with lia disappearance the curtain hIas fallen over the last act in the great Soudan drama. Ever since the proclamation by the Mahdi of his soi.disant Divine mis sion in February, 1883, hisa lieutenant and most active conadjutor has been this half-caste Sondanose, to whose great energy, courage, and undounbted groat military capacity are mainly due the stubborn and successful resistance of the False Prophet to the forces from time to tinioe seant against him. Professing Im plicit belief in the supposed sacred harac ter of lnhomiet Achmet, but with grievancos of his own to avenge, Oaman Digma supported the Mahdi's claims with n a devotion which, while bordering on fanaticism, was nevertheless worthy of a a better cause. It was the Mahdi's second ( in command who, with a rapidity A almost incredible, caused the entire lower II portion of the Soudan to acknowledge the supremacy of the False Prophet, and h inflicted the disastrous defeat on the forces under HioksPasha atElOboid on the 14th li November, 1883, and who in the follow ing February drove the army of Baker Pasha in headlong route from the fortified town of Tokar, and subsequently carried I1 the place after a series of brilliant attacks. In the same montlh he annihilated another Egyptian army in the vicinity of Khar- t toum, compelling the survivors to tsko refuge in that now celebrated fortress. Though van quished by General Graham c at El Tob, and at the battle of Tamal, I which conflict he maintained for two whole days, lie was able to hold his positions and to defy all attempts to con t pel hlimn to raise the siege of Khartoumiu From June, 1884, to January, 1885, he hovered round the devoted town so nobly defended by the heroic Gordon, and but for the courage, personal.prowesn, and splendid military genius of the great Eng- o lish general would have glutted his fanatical rage upon the garrison and the inhabitants of the place. With the death of the Mahdi, in June last, Osman Digma's nission was practi cally at an end. lis hopes were shat tered, and lie doubtless experienced all I the regret and bitterness experienced by those who discover they have been de coived, and find their dearest hopes a blasted, and although he still retained the commaud of the hardy Arab hill tribes of Nubia, he withdrow altogether froml the Upper Soudan, and contented himself with investing Kassala, the capture of which place, lie no doubt hoped, would afford him a safe retreat. His overthrow has come, not at the hands of the British, whom lie a always dreaded, but from a people allied to his own soldiers by the ties of race, religion, and common sympathies. To Abyssinia as a country, and to Ras Abdallah,tho leader of the troops of King John,beloags the credit of having crashed the moat powerful enemy to the peace of the. Soudan, an enemy whlo, from the large amount of military skill and power of organisation displayed during his struggle against Egypt and Great Britain, showed himself a more formidable foe than oven the Mahldi himself. It is now certain that with the death of the loader the revolt of the Sundan will sink into insignificance anld ore long utterly col. lapse. It may now be taken as a fact that the curtain has finally descended over the bloody drama of the "Dark Continent," and that the chief actors have passed away from the world's stage into the mists of an undeflnable eternity. OGn CAnLE Nnws.-Bulgaria has ex pressed its willingness to submit to the conference of ropresentatives of the Great Powers now sittingl at Constantinople, the aid of which the Sultan has invoked to secure a definite settlement of the compli cations in Eastern Europe. Servia and Bulgaria are "bad friends," the former ob jecting to Prince Alexander annexing a slice of Turkish territory unless King Milan is given a sop in the shape of another slite. The result of the French Parliamentary elections has greatly strengthened the Republican party, and led to the downfall of the Brisson- Freycinet Administration. It appears, however. that this will not bring lI. Ferry back to power, but that a Cabinet will be recon structed by M. Freycinet and M. Hoquet. King Theebaw, of Burmah, has been given only four days to reply to the ultimatum of the British Government, and if he still maintains his arrogant tone Great Britain will probably have another "little war" on hand before long. INWARD ENmcLlaSe MAILs.-From the local Telegraph-oflice we learn that the R.M.S. Shannon, with the inward English mails, via Brindisi, up to September 18, arrived at Albany at 2 a.m. yesterday. She should reach Adelaide on Saturday, and Melbourne on Monday, in which case the Tasmanian portion of the mails will be brought on in the s.s. Pateena, and should arrive here on Tuesday next. Tnt CONDEMsNED KEROnENE.-The appli cation of Messrs. tMacfarlane Brothers for compensation in respect of the late con demnation of the shipment of kerosene, ox Zoila, was (says the Mercury) brought before the Governor-in- Council on Monday, and it was decided that if the firm chose to re-export it to Sydney, the Government would pay the cost of freight. TArtnA RowNvo Cnun.-- The seventh heat for the trial fours, in connection with this club, was rowed last evening. It was late before the crews faced the starter, through an accident to one of the boats. The crews were:?E. Turner, W. Brickhill, H. Hud son, V. Hill (stroke), A. Brickhill (cox.); against T. Williams, P. Weetman, H. Green, J. Atkinson (stroke), A. Gould (cox.). Hill was the quickest away, and soon led by a length. At the second buoy, Atkinson's, No. 3 came off his slide, which enabled Hill to increase his lead, eventu ally winning by two lengths. The final heat will be rowed this evening, starting at 6 o'clock slharp, awhen Iills's crew, L. Webster (cox.), meet Cato's crew, h. Turner (cox.). LArcEsr.-A prostitute named May Parsons was arrested on warrant yesterday charged with stealing a brooch and hat, the property of another prostitute named Ellen Duify, whlo had lodged with her. The accused will be charged at the Polihco Court this morning. PEUFTIH JUNIORL CRICKET CLUn.-Our I correspondent writes :--The annual meet ing of the Perth Junior Cricket Club was held at the band-room on Monday evening, Mr. A. Russell in the chair. The following office-bearers were elected for the ensuing sseason :-President, R. H. Douglas, Esq.; vice-president, 11. Clayton, Esq.; com mittee, Messrs. A. Russell, J. Conacher, C. WVryan, C. Adams, and J. Dennis; Ssecretary and treasurer, Mr. M. Hertel Spractice captain, Mr. N. H ertel. It was decided the captain should be appointed Son the ground at each match. The subscrip. Stion was fixed, and Wednesday and Satur Sday arranged for practice days. The club bhas now over twenty members, and the coming season shoulld be a successful'one Sfor them. RIeE COtI'ETITiOhn.-By our advertis ing columns it will be seen that members Sof the Launceston Reservero Force who hold a marksman's badge or certificate are a eligible to take part in the competitions for places in the intercolonmal team. REV. CANON BRowNSIGOo.-Wo under a stand tlhat the Rev. Canon Brownrigg, in cumbet of St. John's Church, who is now recruiting hIis health at" Croydep, New Southl Wales, is expected to return to SLaunccston about the third week in November. TASMANIAN NATIVES' ASSOCIATION. To- morrow evening the members of the Srecently formed Tasmanian Natives' Asso ciation will hold a Ispecial mooting Sin Duff's rooms, Charles- streot. The meeting will take 'the form of a social t evening, when a well arranged programme of musical selections will be gone through by the oneibers. The principal item on Sthe programme is a lecture by Mr. Gilmore Son clocutioln. The chair will be occulpied Iby SMr. Win. Ritchlie. Tie Association must be congratulated upon the success Swhich has attended thleir movements up to Stle present, and there is no doubt that tihe social meeting to-morrow evening will do much to bring the members closer together, and thus further the aims and I objects of the Association. LAn?NsssTro BIlcyTO CLon.-The above named club took a spin last night as. far as c Breadalbano, under command of Mr. WV. Cox, when the following members put in I an appearance:-Messrs. J. V. Porter t (vier-captain), R. Whitton, F. Brooks, F. t Needham, G. Illingsworth, J. Dwyer, and A. J. Scott. A start was effecl'ted at 7'30, and Breadalbane reached at 8'35. After a I rest of 25 minutes the wlheelmen proceeded homeward, town being reached at 10'15 1 p.m. The heavy traffic and dry weather have made the roads very bad, and travel ling at this time of the year is dangerous. A social will be held shortly in the country t by members of the L.I.C. MAIiAN 3Io.MU y ?AsuarItic COMPANY. -This evening will witness the opening of the Gaiety Theatre (late Oddfellows' Hall) under the lessoeship of Messrs. Thynie and Melville. The piee pi dece eresistance will be the great sensational and romantic drama the " Sea of Ice." For the benefit of our readers we append a brief outline of the plot. The first act opens on board ship, where we find, besides the crew, the captain, his wife, and child, and a saloon passenger named Carlos, who after being on board for rome weeks manages to got part of the crew on his side by telling them if they will be guided by him he will tbike them to where there are piles of gold; lie also proposes to the captain to steal the ship from the owners, and sail to the promised land. The captain refuses. A meeting then takes place, and the captain, his wife and child, are put to sea in an open boat, and the mutineers take posses sion of the ship. The second act consists of a grand display of scenic art, from the brush of Mr. T. F. Robins, the whole of the stage being converted into one mass of ice. Tihe captain and his wife are drowned, and the child is seen floating on a block of ice as the curtain descends. The third act opens on the coast of Mexico, where Carlos re- appears as the Marquis del Monte. A skirmish takes place with the Indians, when a young girl, one of the tribe, follows the European portion. She cannot speak English, but when one of the ladies repeats a prayer taught her by her mother, her memory returns and she repeats the same prayer, and after some explanation they discover her to be the child of Captain de Lascours, who was lost on the iceberg, and who is now called Ogarita, the wild flower of Mexico. The party then return to France. Ogarita marries Del Monte in order to bring him to justice, for she recog nises in him the assassin of her father and mother. She eventually does so, Del Monte is shot while attempting to escape, and all ends happily. As this is one of Miss Medway's greatest impersonations, and the management having spared neither pains nor expense to cater for the comfort of the public, it may safely be predicted that there will be a full house to-night. The orchestra will be provided by Messrs. Brown and Scott's string band. TuiE SLVATION. Anisry. - Yesterday Marshal Booth presided at the first officers' council in connection with the Salvation Army, when there was a large gathering from the various stations and outposts. During the meeting it was announced that in addition to the six stations there were nine outposts worked in connection with those centres. In the afternoon Alder man S. J. Sutton entertained at dinner the officers of the Salvation Army. Twenty officers sat down to an elegant and recherche repast, to which ample justice was done. After dinner instru mental and vocal music was indulged in, the Marshal presiding at the piano, and singing several solos. A unanimous vote of thanks was accorded Alderman Sutton for his liberality, and the party broke up, having thoroughly enjoyed themselves. HIonRT REGATTA AssocIATION.-Mr. WV. J. Bain, as secretary of the Tamar Rowing Club, and Mr. Geo. Peart, as stroke of the Launceston crew, yesterday received letters from Mr. W. J. Watchorn, secretary to the Hobart Regatta Association, conveying resolution passed at a meeting held last Friday. The resolution has already appeared in our paper. Mr. Watchorn also intimates that Mr. Golding will proceed to Launceston in a few days, and will consult the wishes of each member of the crew as to what he would choose as a trophy, and fulfil them as far as lays in his power. It seems strange that Mr. Watchorn should still acknowledge Mr. Bain as secretary, as he publicly stated at their meetine that he did not acknowledge him in the matter. It will be seen by advertisement that a special general meeting of memers of the Tamar Bowing Club has been called for 8 p.m. on Friday next, at the Mechanics' Institute, to consider the letter received yesterday, when it is hoped every member will make a point of attending. ODDFELLOt s' ANNIVERSARY .-The anni versary of the Loyal Cornwall Lodge, 4276., Manchester Unity, will be celebrated by a social meeting at the Mechanics' Institute this evening. The concert will commence at half-past seven o'clock, and several well known ladies and gentlemen will take part. Refreshments will be provided by Mr. George Talmage, and Findlay's String Band is engaged for dancing. tiosomlc.-The foundation stone of the new Masonic Hall of the St. George's. Lodge, 353, I.C., Beaconsfield, will be laid this afternoon at .30 o'clock by the R.W. Provincial Grand Master of Tasmania, I.C., assisted by the officers of the Provincial Grand Lodge and the District Grand Lodges of Tasmania. A fraternal invita tion is extended to brethren of all consti tutions. Prior to the ceremony an emer gency meeting of the Provincial Grand Lodge of Tasmania, I.C., will be held. TELEPH'ONIc.-Tihe following additional subscribers have been added to the Tele phone Exchange :-Mr. G. Talmage, Maison Dorce, George-street, number 73; Mr. H. Yeates, produce dealer, George street, number 130. CRICKET.-Tho Secretary of the L.C.C. notifies that a wicket has been prepared on the ground, and that practice may com mence this afternoon. Toa ELOIsE JUNO DRoArimTC COanreT. \--T'he Mlecelanics' Hall was well filled last night to witness the farewell performance of the Eloise Juno Dramatic Company, who have during their brief season here given the highest satisfaction by the excellence with which the various pieces have been r placed on the stage, and tihe realistic r acting of the principal performers. Miss Juno reserved, however, tihe greatest treat I in the bills of fare presented to the public for last evening. In the character of "Leahl the Forsaken," sile fairly took the house by storm in her wonder ful and sublimely real portrayal of \- the forsaken Jewess. Tlih other characters, a well taken as they were is a rule, sank into comparative insignificance when com Spared with that of Leahl, and it may be truly said that seldom, if ever, has theb ; hall witnessed such a wonderful histrionic \- disp'ay as that of Miss Juno's last night.She Swas vociferously applauded, and was sUm ;moned again and again as the drop scene ;fell on each act to receiv- re that meed of praise which she so well had earned. One 1 of the most striking scenes was that in Swhich Leah curses Rudolph, her former \- lover. The intense passion with which Seach anathema was uttered betrayed true tragic genius. The Jewess, forsaken by her Slover for her supposed cupidity, returns to the village where her lover lives to obtain Sone more look at him before shq finally de parts with her people. She approaches Sthe exterior of a church and leans ex Ihausted against a broken column; tihe Ssound of a hymn sung by many voices floats to her ear. She approaches the Schurch and gazes for a moment within; the \- sight she beholds is the union of Rtudolph l (Mr. C. II. Taylor) with Anna (Miss Ella SCarrington), when with an exclamation of ahorror, mingled with jealous rage, she snaps the door to. Every ges ture was a study. In thie last \- act Miss Juno perhaps was even more sub lime in her recantation of her curse, and Sher substituted blessing, and finally her g death. Of the other charactra, Mr. C. H. Taylor made a good Rudolph, while a word .1 of praise must be given to Mr, Kennedy, awho was irresistibly comic in his licharacter Hians (a country youth). The SlIerformance terminated with "'lThe BIonnie o Fishwife," in which Bliss Eloise Juno took S the dual part of Miss Thistledown and SMaggie Macfarlane, charming all by her asprightly acting in comedy as she had Sthrilled all hasrts in the drama. The com pany leave for Hobart to-day for a brief Sseason, where doubtless fresh laurels await them. They leave hero withl the good I wishes of vast audiences who have wit noessed their clever performances. LArTnous Po LTrnY Snow.-Intending competitors at the annual show to be held at Latrobe, under the aespices of Latrobe Poultry and Dog Society, are reminded that entries close with the honorary secre tary to-day. Tenders close to-day also for a band of not less than eight performers, to play in the yards from 12 a.m. to 6 p.m. TrE "PALL MALL GAZETT'E" DISCLOS uaso.-The London correspondent of the A rges, writing on September 11, states: 'Thell prosecution of Mlr. W. T. Stead, of the Pall Mall Gaselle; Mr. Bramwell Booth, of the Salvation Army; and the woman Jarrett and her assistants in the abduction of the child Eliza Armstrong, is causing ianmmuese interest throughout the country. The case is only part heard, but suflicient has beeoon elicited to show that DMr. Stead was grossly deceived' by the old procuress Jarrett. 'his woman pretended to sell the child to Stead for purposes which are fully understood, but it is clear that she never made over any money to the parents of the girl, who say-and say truly-that they understood she was going to a situation. The credulity of dMr. Stead has done hi-i enormous injury as the conductor of a once respectable journal. He has opened such a floodgate of gutter literature that all decent people are glad to see him brought to book. The case alleged DMr. Stead's paper against the parents of the child has com pletely broken down, and the strongest plea having been taken out of the mouth of the defendants, that they were acting in the best interests of the child, the chance is that they will be convicted. The tactics of the Salvation Army throughout this case have been deplorable-a stronger word might be used-and the investiga tion cannot fail to do them serious harm with all right thinking people. Public feeling against them is high, and Mr. Bramwell Booth narrowly escaped a lynch ing on leaving the Police Court on the first day of the trial. [Our cable messages have conveyed news of the committal for trial of the defendants in the case.] DEPLORABLE STATE OF FFPAIRn IN QUs.ENLANoD.-A gentleman who hais just returned from a town in the west of Queensland gives a most lamentable account of the state of the country. Those stations that are fortunate enough to have a late lambing may be able to save their lambs, but where the lambing had com menced, the lambs were being knocked on the head to save the lives of the ewes. On one large station in the Maranoa district, about 50 men were employed cutting down trees to feed the stock, whilst on another shearing operations were being carried on on tarpaulins in the paddocks, the sheep being too weak to travel to the wool- shed. In many instances, he says, the present rainfall will decide as to whether the lambing will be nil or 80 per cent. The anxiety of the flock- owners will readily be understood, In the present state of the country, early shearing may preserve the lives of many of the sheep; but on the other hand, a heavy rainfall after shearing would cause a fearful mortality. INTEncOLONIAL AccIsENTs, OFFENCES, ETc.-On 9th instantla Brisbane grocer was charged with selling coffee 'containing 65 per cent. foreign matter, and was dis charged because he was only the owner of the coffee and not the person who served the sample inquestion.-On the 12th instant Colonel Ike Austin, who recently cut his throat with a pocketknife at Bundaberg, Queensland, inflicting a dangerous wound, was brought before the local Bench, charged with attempted suicide, and was dis charged.-A case has been partially heard at the Ballarat County Court in which Mrs. Falconer, keeper of the Kohinoor Private Hospital, sues Archdeacon Juhus for £250 damage4 for injuries sustained in receiving as a patient a Mrs. Leigh suffering from religious mad ness, but guaranteed to be harmless. The plaintiff was assaulted by the patient, and her arm broken or rendered temporarily useless.-At the Supreme Court. Adelaide, on 14th| inst., Owen Richard Opie was sentenced to si,x months' imprisonment for firing at Thos. J. Price, a schoolmaster at Wallaroo, on Sept. 17, he believing Price had abducted his sister. Price was then acquitted on a charge of abducting Ellen Opie, a girl under 15. The evidence showed that the girl was not happy at home and had been beaten by her mother. Price gave her £3, with which she went to Kangaroo Island and stayed with his brother.-On 14thinst., Edward Gathorne, a clerk in the Queensland National Bank, Brisbane, was found lying under a tree, dead. He had gone out for a walk two days before, and not returning, his wife instituted a search. The cause of death is notknown. In connection with the Hutt tarring and feathering case at Wellington, N.Z., the charge made against Muir of stealing a ring from the hen. P. A. Buckley's house has been withdrawn.-Frederick Kisler, chief clerk of the Victoria Insurance Com pany branch in Dunedin, N.Z, was on 13th instant arrested on a charge of embezzleo meat. The deficiencies are alleged to amoant to £500.-Nellie Barlow, aged 35, a servant in Melbourne, went to sleep on 13th instant and left the candle burning. The heavy curtains of the bed caught fire, and when the woman tried to escape the bed clothes were also on fire, and she was suffocated and burnt to a cinder.-George Merfin, tinsmith, of South Melbourne,took an overdose of chlorodyne on 12th instant, and died before remedies could be applied. -The inhabitants of Little Nelson-street, Williamstown, found their water supply sudden'y cut off on 14th instant, and it took some time to discover the cause. It was a very fat eel some 3ft. long, which had-given up the ghost with his head jammed in the service pipe. The fish must have travelled from the Yan Yean reser voir by way of the main, over a score of miles, until fate ended his existence in this peculiar way. The forty-fifth anniversary of the Wees leyan Sunday-school, Westbury, will be held on the 25th instant. A tea and public meeting will also be held in connection with the anniversary on the 26th instant. A ConRT of General Sessions of the Peace will be held at Campbell Town on November 9, at 11"30 a.m., to hear appeals against the assessment roll. 