Tawonga. AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. By M. G. It was not, perhaps, a very wise proceeding on my part to marry Willie Coldham ; many people would have said it was still more unwise of him to marry me. We were poor, of course — horribly, uninterestingly poor — and with not only ourselves to keep either ; for Willie, out of the kindness of his heart, had taken his dead brother's boy to live with him, and I had promised when we were married to be a mother to the little orphan. I would have done that much, at any rate, for my husband's sake ; but Charlie was a dear, en- gaging little lad, who already loved his 'auntie' and worshipped his uncle with all the adoration of five years We were not aristocratic by any means ; Willie was only a farmer, and a tenant -farmer at that. He had decided in his own mind, some time ago, that Tasmania, our native land, was played out he could not make farming pay in the little island, he had expended his small capital, he was getting behindhand in his rent, and then, just as matters were at their lowest ebb, by way of mending them he married me. It did not mend them, so he sold off every thing, and we three emigrated to South Australia, that laud of com a lid wind and oil, and tried what we could do at Gawler Town. Still we were not successful; we just managed to live, and that was all. Sometimes after an occasional visit to Adelaide, Willie would indulge in wild castle- building, telling me what he would do if he only had a few thousands to spare. There was a farm within 10 miles of Adelaide on which he had east covetous eyes, and he was for ever harping on its desirability. ' Not that I'd care to be a tenant there, Lucy,' he said, ' but I would like to own that place ; and it's in the market, too, and going- for a mere song.- 1 can't understand why it's bo cheap.' 'Perhaps there's something wrong with it,' I ven tured. ' Nothing that I can hear of. It is in the hands of some lawyers, to be sold ; thev will not let it. It belonged, I believe, to a sister and brother — old maid and old bachelor — who, from all I can hear, did not live very happily together. At first- a small nephew lived with them, a little chap about as big as Charlie here. ' ' Charlie, mv lnd, run down and see if Pat has got the post-bag. I should think we'd get English letters to-day. Well,' he went on when the child was gone, ' the whole of the farm belonged to this boy, it seems, but he died or dis appeared in some mysterious manner, and then the farm came to them. The people around, I hear, talk a great deal about foul ul ay, and that is the reason the farm is unoccu pied; but 'that's all rot. I just wish I had the chance. Why, there's 20 acres laid out as an orangery that would be a fortune in itself.' ? ' What became of the poor little boy ?' I asked. ' He was sent home to England to another uncle, to see if the climate would suit him better, for it seems he was always delicate, poor little chap ; but he died on the voyage, and then the property came to the old folks, who soon got into difficulties, went off to America, and left the farm to their creditors. They want to sell — have been wanting, in j fact, for the last two years ; but a purchaser can't be found, the place has got such a bad name. I wish to heaven I had a few thousands. I know I could make Tawonga pay.' ' But if it has a bad name?' 'Bad name, be hanged ! that's only on ghostly grounds. Thev say the spirit of the poor little badly treated child wander* about his old home, and can't be kid to rest.' ' I never heard of an Australian ghost.' ' Nor I, cither. If it were Tasmania, now ! But pious, highly res potable South Australia, which never committed a crime but i» & highly respectable manner ! Oh, it's all rot, of course. I'd buy the fann, ghost and all, if I only had the few thousands necessary. ' Well, Charlie, old chap, you ought to be an authority j on. leather by now, judging by (he time you've taken to get that post-bag. Fetch it here ; turn the key. There, that's right. Now for the letters. One for auntie— from her fither, I should say ; one from grandma, for Charlie, i You're in luck, my l-oy. Nothing for your poor old uncle but hiiUt, I know by the look of them ; and— yes— one letter iroui England. What on earlh is it about, 1 wonder?' I was busily engaged reading his grandmother's letter to Charlie, when }. became dimly aware that mv husband was making frantic fcigjjs to me to send the child away, so I finished up in a hurry — ' Grandmother's love to Uncle Willie end Aunt Lucy,' and very many kisses for her little grandson from his fond grandnjgther, Mary Coldham ;' and then said, ' Now Charlie, run into the yard ^nd see if j tie sitting hca is off her nest yet; uncle and auntie want ti talk,' . 'About bills ?' he asked; he always vas such a sharp boy. ' . . ' Yes, my lad, that's it— about bills,' cried 'Willie in iovo^s tones) not by any means in the manner in which he usually ,-poke of those unwelcome bits of paper. ' Now, ii,,,,. oft' with you, and look after aunty's hens.' When lie p'as gone, my husband put his am round my waist and gavtf tt)° a hug and a kiss. 'Poor littLe -Yoa;.an, has she had a hard time lately s A brave little wonjaj), jfos, never to complain. But then, to be sure, I have doflfi gnimbiing enough for the whole family. Never mind, it's all over now, darling,' with another kiss, ' I'm go»g to buy Tjiwonga.' ' Willie ! ! where's the nioiiej' p) &wie; from ?' 'Plenty of it, mv : dearest, pl$3/y of it,' he cried, flourishing a letter a'bbve my head. -'Tfc.e fact is, this letter is to say my old godfather is just dead, an d has be haved like a trump— a regular trump. Just fancy, Lucy ! he's left no £4000!' And my husband, in his delight, actually waltzed with me all round our little sitting-rojni, knocking over all the chairs in his jirogress. ' But, Willie,' I protected, panting, ' the poor man is dead ; oughtn't you to Up just a little Bony f' ' Dou't know, I'm sure; perhaps I ought,' with a solemn look that sat ill on his happy f#ce ; ' but,' brigntening.np at the thought, 'the .old fellojy's b.een buried these two months. I'd be sure to have got vyer it by now, any way ; besides, I haven't seen him since I was pine ; tfren I hated him, and used to wonder how my father and njofftep could have given me such a horrid cross old godfather However, the old chap's stumped up hand»ojjjely at last. In any icase, I mustn't speak iU of the dead ; .and BOW I'm gping to buy Tawonga.' ' Ghost and all?' ' Ghost and all,' he laughed ; ' they dotft charge any I extra for the ghost, I believe; in fact, on his account it will be so much the less. I say, little wife, though,' looking very serious, 'you're quite sure you don't mind about the ghost ?' ' You don't think I'm so foolish as to believe In such tMflkS, do you ? No, indeed. If you get the farm cheaper ontoe 'host's account I shall be everlastingly grateful to him aid we'll ask him ;to dinner in honour of 'the event. Dear dott't for one moment hesitate on account of the ghost.' 'All rigfci, tiien ! hurrah ! I'll buy Tawonga as soon as possible.' * * * * * - Wedidbuy Tawonga j but the moneyinok so longeoming from England we had to get' rid of our^other farm, and (hens were so many preliminaries to seffle it was hot till .the ?endof November that we were fairly settled in our new home.; A quaint old house it was, built in the early days of the colony, and I now quite understood my husband's fascina tion. A two-storied red brick house with guides find pro jecting windows, a deep wide porch, and tbe whole tiwn t covered with creepers, scarlet passion-flower and jessamin#, ami! a rlomfttis just bow bursting forth into gorgeous purple blossoms. The front ef the house was built in the English style, but it had not been carried out thoroughly, for at the hnMr the architecture was purely Australian, which, after all considering the climate, was much the wiser. The back rooms were large and lofty; but here the house was only one-storv and all along down to the kitchen ian a l-road verandah which shaded us from' the hot northern sun. T.ilre sensible folks, the builders had faced the house to the If I admired the house, the garden was a still greater delight to 'Willie. The house stood right in the midst of it, just on the ridge of a Slope which fell gently north and eouth. All round the fences was a fringe of olive trees, their dull grey foliage contrasting well with the dark green leaves and orange-coloured fruit of the loquat trees which grew in profusion all over the garden. Down by the creek at the back of .the house grew peaches and apricots, and sweet almonds were in such abundance it seemed to me we might have supplied the whole colony and never missed them. Two huge mulberry trees, planted nearly 40 years ago, were now towering above the surrounding fruit- trees, and with their spreading branches making a shade which Charlie rejoiced to play under even on the hottest days, when I never dared venture out of doors unless necessity compelled me. There was a little vineyard which promised a good harvest when the grapes should be ripe, in February ; and the oranges— did we not hope to derive a good part {-t least of our income from those same oranges and lemons V So I looked with interest at the hand' some trees, with their dark glossy green leaves, and their brancnes spreading lrom Ineir very roots ; there was fruit even now, and the air was peilumed by the blossoms. In the garden among the flowers, in the orchard, in the vineyard, everywhere were orange trees ; and beyond the orchard, at the back of the house, was the- orangery itself, 20 acres in extent. The flower garden was a wilderness, of course, and likely to remain so for some time to come, till my husband found time and money to spare for tidying it. Fuchsias, geraniums, roses, jessamines, everywhere were, growing in the wildest confusion. The hot summer sun and hotter winds would soon, I knew, shrivel Up my garden; but even then I should have the oleander, with its blossoms sometimes brightscarlet or delicate pink, sometimes pure white; and these I knew minded neither sun nor wind, for the hotter the sun and the fiercer the wind the more brightly blossomed the hardy oleander. 'Well, my wife,' said Willie on our first evening, ' what do yuu think of our new home ?' ? ' Think V I think it's delightful ! I never saw such a lovely place ; and the fruit, Willie, we'll never be able to use it all. I wonder if we could sell some of it ?' ' I have been making inquiries, and everywhere there appears to be the same profusion. People will hardly thank you for almonds if they have the trouble of picking them ; and yet it seems a pity, too, all those loquats have just shrivelled up on the tree's.' ' Ahnonds will keep, too. I wonder if there's any market for them in Victoria.' '. I'll tell you what, Lucy, I think I'll inn over to Mel bourne as soon as we're settled here, and see what can be done. You might come with me if you can; it will be a nice trip for you ' So I thought, but I didn't see how it was to be managed ; I there were the house and the dairy fo be looked after, and | the fann too in its master's absence. So I decided to stay at home, and Willie said he would start after the New Year. ' If you don't mind being left alone in a haunted house, dear,'* I did not mind, and I said so. I had no faith in ghosts, and as yet I had seen nothing unearthly in the old house. But, scoff as I might, others were not of the same opinion, and I could get no maids to live with me for love or money. At last I engaged two German emigrants, fair-haired, rosy cheeked, clean -looking damsels, but uncouth, stolid, and knowing not a word of English. I knew no German, so our communications approximated very closely to the Scriptural model, being confined strictly to 'yea, yea' and 'nay, nay.' They had evidently never heaid of the ghost, and I hoped before they learned enough English to do so they would fear it no longer. On the 3rd of January my husbanc' started. He would not be more than a week away, or two at most, so I did not vex myself over his absence much. I labelled myjam-pots and I made some pirkles. I finished the week's mending ; and started some new shirts for Charlie; and after tea, in the cool of the evening, 1 walked round the garden with him, carc-ying a little basket which newas trying to turwitu lemons ; there were not many left so late in the season, and we wandered all over the garden seeking here and there, a^ I did not want to go down the dusty p&th; to the orangery in' j my evening shoes. The sun was long set ; but the full . moon in a cloMless sky made it almost as bright as day where she shone, while across the paths the trees threw grim shadows that were blacker than the blackest night. A pleasant and yet a weiid place that garden on that glorious, still, hot night ; and Charlie and I wandered on, not looking for lemons any more, only gathering one or two where the moonbeams fell full upon them. ' Charlie, dear,' I said at last, 'our basket's not half full, but we are not likely to get many more at this rate. It's time you were in bed, and I must go in and write to grandma.' ' Oh, auntie, do. wait a bit, it's so nice out here, and I'se not a bit sleepy ; there's more lemons on the other side of that tree, I know, 'cos I saw 'em this morning ; Jeff Smith and me was throwing sticks at 'em.' ' But you and Jeff Smith shouldn't throw sticks at my lemons. And who may Jeff Smith be ? I'm afraid he's a had little boy, whoever he is.' ' Oh, auntie, lieisn't bad really, and he's a big boy ; he'll be eight years old next Thursday. You know his papa was mendfin* the windmill what is broke ? — he lives on the other side of the road, in the little white hoUse. Oh, you know.' ' All light, 'Charlie,' run and get mo the lemons you and Jeff Smith have left. I'll wait here.' He was off in a minute ; but a minute more and he was bagk again. 'So eoon ?' I said, laughing; 'haven't you left me one But he canje close UP to me, and catching tight hold of my hand drew me near, and whispered : ' Auntie, there's a little boy there.' ' A little boy ?' I repeated cheerily; ' well, wh^t of that, dear ? Didn't you speak to him ? perhaps he's your friend Jeff.' ' Oh, no,' clinging closer and trying to draw me. back; ' it isn't Jeff Smith; he's littler, much littler— a sad little boy,' ' Well, let us see what he 'Wants, at any rate, mv deary ;' and so, with Charlie clinging to my hand, we walked round the wide-spreading lemon tree and came out into the bril liant moonlight on the other side. There was no one there — not a soul. There was a little space in front of the lemon tree where a tree had died at some time or other, and been taken away ; the moonlight was streaming all over the bare space, andnot a soul was there. 'Charlie,' I said, ' where can he have got to ? What was he like, dear?' . But Charlie's powers of description were exhausted when he Jjgd said ' he was a sad little boy ;' and he added, aif ter a pause, ' fee thought he was lame.' Why he should have thought so did not appear, because he had not seen the strange little boy walk. -' Be had only looked at him, and he was a seid'little boy that was all I could get out of the frightened child. We searched the garden thorougMy, but . ng ojje could we see. Not that I thought much of that, lor fop'sbyfovyfi were deep, and anyone desiring to keep out of the way cou$ pasily do so. After a, time I gave up the search; ye brought;' ig our lemons, and I put' 'my little nephew to ^ did not gij-.e Jguch thought to the matter, as the boy had probably, come, I thq'ifgjit, to steal fruit; though why he should have come gp early, and chosen such a brilliant eight/ passed my comprehension. Most'jhings about boys, hoyeyar, did pass my'coniprehension,' so' 1 ; didn't vony about tfot; b»t as I was giving Charlie his evening bath I did fry to oijt why he had ryn hack_to me and seemed-so frightened, j^tead pf entering into con versation with the stranger as wag his wont ; for my nephew was a fearless little chap ana, lifce hip nncl^ was on friendly terms with tho whole cojintiyrsido^ Ti%Ji and 1 low. ' My little gossip,' I used to eaU flini. isapijjed i quite unable to explain why he was afraid, and went back ' to therold refrain, ' Auntie, he was sich a sad little hoy.' Then I gave it up, lifted him into his cot, beaid him his prayers, kissed lnm goodnight, and went dawn stairs to write some letters. J Jjaye said that only the front of the house had an upper story, JMJW I may add that that upper story consisted of only two rooms? Wi'he and I had the largest, which was in fact the biggest rog-m in the house, extending over the dining-room and hall $£ yell ; from this room opened Charlie's, and it had no other c-^tr^njie from the house. In the western wall, to be sure, there was § French window which opened on to the roof of the diswwg-rriom bow window ; this roof was sin-rounded by a miniature baf£Ur mwit about three feet high, and wooden steps had apparently once led down into the garden beneath, but now some ivere gone, and the rest were so crumbled and rotten with age that I ui-ed to keep the window carefully locked for fear the boy might be tempted some day to try to get down. Charlie's room was nice and large — as large as the unused drawing-room beneath, which we intended to fur nish and occupy some dav, when we grew richer. I sat at my desk in ihe dining-room for some time, - writing a few lines now and then, and now and then musing a little and building castles in the air. The windows were wide open and the blinds up, for I liked to see the glorious moonlight and to smell the sweet fresh perfume of the flowers. The window was a large bowed one, in front of the house, and I sat right in the middle of it, with a little reading-lamu fixed on to my table. No moonlight streamed in, for the house, as I have said, faced south, and the whole, front was in deep shadow ; but, the moon being high in the heavens, that shadow was short, and just beyond the whole garden was bathed in a flood of light. I did not feel exactly lonely, and yet I began to wish Willie were back again. From the kitchen came faint sounds of revelry, and I guessed that my maids were holding their weekly high festival — a festival when all their sisters and cousins and aunts came down upon us from the neighbouring German village, and each brought a sweetheart of her own. They all made a terrible noise, and I had learned to be glad the kitchen waB so far from the dining-room. I suppose I had sat there about an hour, alternately musing and writing, when all of a sudden an undefinable sensation came over me, a sensation we have all felt at some time or another — the feeling of being not alone — of being watched. I tried to shake it off — I went on with my writing — to no purpose ; I got up and looked round the room, and then, with an effort which I could not account for, raised my eyes and looked out of the window ; and there, standing in the brilliant moonlight in the middle of the pathway, his eyes fixed on my face, was the little boy Charlie had seen. I recognised him at once from his description, 'a sad little boy.' By no other way could I describe him except as a sad little boy. I couid remember nothing more about liim except a feeling — why, I knew not, for I did not see him move — that be was lame'. I just, caught one glimpse of him, and then stepped hastily out of the window ; as I did so, my light dress caught on a nail, and I had to stoop to unfasten it. It did not take n»e 10 seconds, but when 1 looked up the boy was gone. It was as light as day all around ; and yet, less than a minute before, I could have sworn a child stood right before me; while now, look as I might — and I looked as carefully aB my fears would allow — not a soul could I see. Trembling in every limb, fearing I knew not what, I went back in the dining-room, shut the windows, drew down the blinds, and lit every candle in the room. I was frightened, and yet ashiuncd of myself for being afraid. 1 tried to explain my fears away, and said to myself it was all fancy ; but I knew it was no fancy. It was'a neighbour's child, but somehow I felt certain it wasn't a neighbour's child. After all, there was no good in being afraid ; the boy would not hurt me, whatever he was ; and I tried to set to work at my writing again, but liis sad face haunted me so, I had not written a sheet in half an hour. I gave it up at last and finding it was nearly 10 o'clock began tidying the room preparatory to going to bed. Suddenly in the room above — my room — I heard the patter of little footsteps, little bare feet evidently. Right across the room they went, coming out of Charlie's room and going straight across mine to the fireplace in the eastern wall. ' What can be the matter with Charlie ?' I said to myself, and snatching up a candlestick I flew up stairs, for the moment forgetting my former fearas I went. I reached my room in less than a minute, opened the door, and to my utter astonishment found it perfectly empty. Charlie was not there, had certainly not been there, for the door between his room and mine was shut, and it flashed across me at once that I had left it so when I put Charlie to bed earlier in the evening. I opened it, and looked in. Charlie was sound asleep in his cot, and had evidently never moved since I had put him' there. I returned to my own room, the moonlight streaming -through the northern windows lighted up every corner and there was nothing — no one there. All the furniture stood in its accustomed place. I looked under the table, uuder the bed, behind tho curtains and soon satisfied ii}yself I was its solo occupant. I even summoned courage to look out of the windows into the garden beneath and in spite of my terrors stopped to admire the beauty of the scene. The garden and the orchard just at my feet, beyond that tho orangery, and beyond that again the fields in which the corn had just been cut, and, hardly six miles away, Mount'Lofty towering nearly 2000 feet above us. Everything was so quiet and peaceful I hardly dared to feel afraid, more especially since I could find so very little to be afraid of. As I looked the kitchen door opened, a ruddy light streamed out appearing garish in the silver moonlight, and a dozen people came out ; and then turning began kissing and embracing Gretchen and Xiotta as if they could never even hope to see them again, though I knew quite well the same performance was gone through regularly at least once a week. When' the leave-taking was accomplished satisfactorily they turned homewards laughing and talking at the top of their voices as they went. With these cheerful ordinary everyday sounds ringing in my ears my fears almost vanished. I went down stairs again, saw the house safely locked up, put out the lights, and then came up to bed. One thing 1 did, however, which showed perhaps I was not quite as brave as I wished to believe myself. I took my little nephew into my own bed for company, though what protection he could have been was hard to'sav. When he woke me at half -past 4 next morning to know why he waB there I found it decidedly hard to explain to myself, for, in the broad daylight, my suporstitious fears of the night before had vanished. To Charlie I merely said I had taken him into auntie's bed for a treat, whereupon the young gentleman made me solemnly promise to let him sleep there every night till Uncle Willie came home. All day long I did- nothing but scoff at myself for my terrors of the night before. The day was hot even for South Austra lian midsummer, but, as' ill luck would have it, it was baking ,day, my share of work was heavy, and I had been up early, so that by night, after Charlie was safe in bed, I was glad tolling myself down in an arm chair take up a novel and well — in fact go to sleep over it. £ had not slept more than half an hour or so when I awoke with a start, and became aware of the sound of a child's footsteps in the room above; Straight out of Charlie's room right across mine they came and stopped on the hearth as they had done the night before. A child's footsteps with a slight halt in thein now and then, as if the walker were lame. I seized a candle and, trembling and frightened, made my way up stairs to my own room. As I expected there was no one there but uttle Charlie peacefully asleep in my bed, one hand -under his curly head, the other clasping his favourite wooden steed which he had insisted on taking to bed with him, though itdid not promise much for my comfort, for Grand Flaneur took up a great deal more than his fair share of room. The door between the two rooms was still locked. I had turned the key my self early in the evening. Whence came those footsteps? It was no fancy on my part, of that I was certain. I had quick ears and I heard them as plainly as possible. 'Where could they come from ? I went back* to - the diningroom, it seemed useless to stay up stairs, and hardly had 1 reached my former seat when I was again startled by a noiEe above. A heavy' barrow was apparently being dragged right across the' room, and when it reached the hearth was upset with a crash that resounded through the house and was echoed again and again. I Btood and listened too utterly terrified to move. As the noise died away I plainly heard someone throwing d.o\m etonbsW'brick6 in'a'eort' of order, then a sound as of the stamping of ainail'a heavy boots, andifinatly a dull thud as if the' heartjistone had been dropped'into its place, then all was ' as 'still* 'as death. Summoning up' all my courage', and'Heaven' knows' I 'needed it, I weht tip jBtaiipB again.' Only the thought of the podt child all by him Eel£ up there coiild have' nfcjfved intfe -to do it; bUt'allivas quiet tod pea£efjil as before, the moonlight Btreaining iii to the fQ^m a$d fhj? lijtfle'lad' sleeping on the bedf as X et-?Od TOtob&g; liiift, gJ44 even gf the un'corificious child'6 oiin« pany, 1)9 timed «ij& iiwokfi. '' ' 'All, auntie,' ho said, ''Is iifc you, d-)n?t go way a minute ; I want to talk to you ; I want t o teU -yqu ipy funnv dream.' 'Well, dearie.' 'I dreamed I was lookin' out there,' pointing to the southern window, ' and some one corned along behind mo with a barrow*or something that maked a great noise, and they dragged it along to the fireplace an' upset a lot of stones there, right there,' pointing to the hearth, ' and thefr^ragd then I don't know what happened 'cos all the while I couldn't lgo}c round. The curiousest dream wasn't it, auntie,' he went on playing with my watch and chain. ' Is ypu comin' to bed soonr' 'Very soon, pet, now go to sleep again.' To say I was frightened but faintly expresses my feelings, utterly terrified is no word for them. When Charlie was asleep again I ventured down stairs and saw the house safely shut up for the night. All night long I never closed my oyes. I listened and listened vainly for a repetition of the sounds that had so terrified mo, and not till the daylight showed me the ordinary objects of everyday life did I fall asleep. The next night it was the same, tho next, and the next, and the next. I never afterwards went up stairs when I heard the patter of those unearthly feet — but cowered shivering in my place in the diningroom. One night I rang the bell, and, when stout Gretchen answered it, said I thought Master Charlie was calling, I was tired, would she go? To which my kind-hearted German handmaid responded. ' Dat she did tink misses was so sick,' and went at once. Even as I heard her heavy tread on the stairs I heard far above it drowning all other sounds the noise of a barrow drawn across the room, a heap of stones upset, the trampling of a man's feet to make them lie smooth, and then the hearthstone let down over all — and yet two minutes after the girl came down and told me quietly in her broken English that I must have been mistaken — Master Charlie was still sound asleep. ' Are you sure, Gretchen, you heard nothing r ' 'Quite sure,' she answered wondeiingly, 'dere vas noting.' . . Strange, strange — was I to be the only one to hear those awful sounds. Something supernatural now I was con vinced it was, but what could it mean. I never rang the bell again but sat on each evening in the 6ittingroom and waited and longed with an infinite longing for my husband's return. I should not feel afraid of a hundred ghosts with him by mv side, but alone ! Looking back now I wonder how I ever lived through those terrible ten days. All nigh long I lay awake trembling and listening, only dropping into a troubled slumber when daylight brought comparative safety, and all day long I thought of the terrors in store for me at night. Every evening about 10 o'clock I heard the same unearthlv sounds. If it had not been for leaving my poor little nephew alone I should have gone into the kitchen when the dreaded hour approached, but as it was I felt bound to suffer alone . So I waited and waited ten long long days that seemed as if they would never pass. At last I had a letter from Willie, teliing me to expect him that evening, but not to trouble about meeting liim. Surely, never was letter more welcome, and for tho first time for over a week I actually longed for the evening. Slowly, slowly, the shadows grew longer as the sun went down in the west; slowly, slowlv, the fierce hot day drew to a close, and as the darkness deepened a burning' gully wind from the mountains sprung up, compelling me to shut my windows tight if I did not wish to have my face scorched and burnt. After Charlie was safe in his own little cot I stood in the drawingroom window straining my eyes through the gloom for the first glimpse of the well-loved figure. Eight — half-past— surely, surelj*, he will come, I never could spend another night alone — nine — I almost give up hope. Tho clock strikes the half-hour, and I give one more despairing look before turning away hopelessly, when coming up the drive I see Willie striding along, bag in hand, as if he were as anxious to be home as I was to have him. In one second I had flung open the window regardless of the fierce wind that blew down my hair and made sad havoc on my writing-table — the next, I was in my husband's arms, and — I am almost ashamed to confess it 'but the relief was so great — crying as if my heart would break, 'My dear child, my darling,' he said, 'what is tho matter ? ' 'Oh, Willie, Willie,' I could only sob, ' I'm so thank ful you've come home, don't leave me again, don't please don't — promise, -oh, promise,' 'I promise solemnly — there, my darling, don't cry so, but come in and tell me all about it,' We went in and I poured all my sorrows into his listen ing ears. In the brilliantly lighted room, with his arm round my waist and my head on his shoulder, my story did not ifeem half so terrible even to myself, and I could seo, though he was as tender and sympathetic as even the most exacting wife could have wished, tliat Willie did not believe me. He evidently thought I was ill and fanciful, and had been exaggerating trifling sounds. I almost thought f heard him whisper to himself ' rats ' at the most thrilling portion of my narrati ve, 'My poor little wife,' he said, when I had finished, 'and this is the little woman who wasn't afraid of a haunted house. My pet it has made you look white and ill. Never mind, get well quickly and I'll never leave you alone again.' He did not believe, that was evident, and I could not con vince him, but he was with me. I feared no longer, and I slept that night the heavy dreamless sleep of utter weari ness, and next morning awoke a new woman, and very nearly as ready as my husband to laugh at my former fears. Not quite though — they were still very real to me. I could not convince myself, in spite of the silence of the night before, that those awful sounds I had heard so regularly only existed in my own imagination. It was a hot day, of course, and Willie alarmed I fancy by the sight of my pale face oxuLtircd eyes insisted on my having a thorough rest So I lay lazily reading on the sofa all day and only crept out on to the back verandah at dusk to watch for m*y hus band's return. He had been in the orangery all day help ing the men prune the orange trees, and as' I came out of the door I saw him coming up the path which led straight from the house right down the orchard to the orangery. He came about half-way till he reached the mulbewy tree and then I, watching, saw him stop, lnm, and walk round beneath its spreading branches examining the scat and looking carefully all round. ' Have you lost anything, dear? ' I said, when he at last came up pruning knife m hand. ' No,' he answered with rather a troubled look, ' but I saw a child just now by the seat under the mulberry tree. A sad little boy who was lame. I have looked everywhere and I can't imagine where lie can have got to. Good heavens ! what's the matter?'? For a moment his speech took my breath away, I felt sick and faint, and caught hold of the verandah post. ' A sad little boy, a little lame, exactly what Charlie had said, exactly the words that had occurred to my own mind on that first evening after Willie's departure, which subse quent events had completely driven from my mind. ' No, no, Willie, don't be frightened, it's nothing, but tell mo why did vou think he was lame, did vou see him walk?' 'Well, no, that's the curious part of it now I come to think; I saw him standing there such a sad little face, it will haunt me for ever, and ! seemed to fancy he was lame ; the next minute he was gone, though I could have sworn I never took my eyes off him.' ' Willie, I forgot to ? ' A furious knocking at the front door interrupted me, and the next minute Smith, the carpenter, came in pushing past Gretchen in his hurry. ' Mistress,' he said, ' mistress, ray little Jeff has fallen from the cart and hurted hisself sore; the missis is well nigh beside herself wi' fifight, and' there be the baby to mindand Jeff acryin'— might Ibe so bold ? '? Would vou be so kind- ? ?' ' Yes, of course, Smith, I'Jl come across and help her and you- Willie, you'll lend him a horse won't you, so that he can ridd into' Adelaide for the doctor.' ' So it was arranged, my husband took me across to Smith's little cottage for I was:ifai* teo timid to go by myself, and Smith rode in for 'the doctoK Willife wanted to 'stay and fetch mb back but I begged him to 'leave' me. and Smith Coiild see me*home for I would hot for the world have left Cbkrlie-nlone in that fearful^ haunted house. toor Sirs. Smith was in a dreadful way, but I nursed the baby and she petted poorlittle Jeff, and by and by his fatter brought the doctor who cheered U6 all up by Baying nothing very alarming was the lhatter affer all. 'One of the emiill fejnes pf his leg was broken, and though it would be sbm^ time before tbe ppgr fittie Jail Tyquld be able to* tifii about again, there was no doubt he would ultimately be no wqrsq for his tumble. All this took time, and it was fully half* past 11 before I started for home with the grateful Mr. Smith as my escort. When I an-ived my husband was standing at the front door looking out for me. I noticed how glad he seemed to see me, but he was very grave and quiet. I was full of Mrs. Smith and her troubles and infliViAri tlmm on him until I fell sound asleep. Next morning- at breakfast I told Charlie of Jeff Smith's \- / accident and suggested he should run over and see how his little play-mate was. As soon as he was gone my husband rose from his place and crossing over to me said : ' ' My wife, I have to apologise to you, you mtist forgive me.' ' Forgive you ! 'Willie ; what for 'i ' 'For doubting your story, dear, and thinking the un earthly sounds vou heard but a woman's sick fancies.' ' Willie, I — — ' ' Listen, darling ; after you were gone I sat reading and smoking in here till the clock struck 10. Then all of a sudden I heard the patter of little feet crossing the room, footsteps vriih a slight halt in them. For the moment I thought it was Charlie, and started up stairs to see what he meant by it ; but the little beggar was sound asleep, and what's more, the door between the rooms was fast shut. In a moment your story flashed into my mind. I tried to skake it off, went down stairs, 'lighted a p'ipe, and tried to convince myself it was the scamper of rats I had mistaken for .a child's foetsteps. I believe 1 had nearly succeeded when my hair nearly stood on end with horror as I heard the sound of a heavy barrow being dragged across the room and then — well — everything exactly as you described it. I can tell you 1 had ' to school myself to go up those stairs and then to mid every thing quiet and exactly as I had left it. It was terrible terrible, I am almost ashamed to tell yea how fright/ ned I wfas.' ' My poor little girl,' he went on, tenderly stroking my hair, ' what a dreadful time you must have passed through. No wonder you looked white and Worn. Why, I wouldn't spend such another evening for untold wealth. Lucy, I'll tell you what, I shall have that hearthstone up this morn ing, I must get to the bottom of this.' A few minutes after we went up stairs accompanied by two men carrying the necessary tools. I had wanted Willie to do it himself in case, if nothing were found, we should be laughed at, but he was firm, declaring he felt sure some thing was wrong and he would end the mystery and have as many witnesses as possible, and he began 'by telling the men of tlie mysterious occurrences of the night before and the reason why he wished the hearthstone luised. They listened in silence, declared the whole neighbourhood knew the house was haunted, and had been astonished at our buying it; and then they set to work with a will. In a few minutes they had raised the hearthstone, to our surprise, for it locked a very heavy stone. It was in reality hardly an inch in depth'. The hollow beneath was filled with stones, broken bricks, sand, and rubble 'of all sorts — exactly such stuff as I should have imagined from the sound had been emptied there nightly during my husband's absence. It was firmly impacted together, so firmly that it was not without great exertion they were able to shovel it out on the floor. The space, though long and wide, was of course veiy shallow. Soon they had taken off the top layer and there was quite a little heap on my bedroom floor, and Willie called to the men to dig carefully. Suddenly one stooping down with a sharp exclamation told he had seen something which was not stones or rubbish. Then, all three setting to work, in less time almost than it takes to write it they laid bare the skeleton of a little child ! The horror of it almost overcomes me now, and if I but shut my eyes I can see the hollow hearth, the men standing silent leaning on their tools, and the brilliant sun light of a midsummer's day flooding the whole room and showing us clearly the ghastly thing that lay before us. * * * * * * My tale is almost told. Of course we called in the police and our house underwent a thorough investigation, but nothing more was ever found. 'We made many inquiries among jthe neighbours, and discovered that the ill-fated little owner of Tawonga was a delicate child of not more thau six or seven years of 'age— that he had suffered from hip disease, and was slightly lame ; that his guardians were apparently very harsh to him, and he wandered about his own farm a' sad and'solitary child, apparently friendless and alone ; suddenly he disappeared, and his aunt informed the neighbours they had sent him to England for his health. By-and-by there came' news of his death, and the old people took possession of the land. It was nobody's business, and the child would have been forgotten had not rumours arisen, they hardly knew how, that the house was haunted. The new owners got into difficulties, the farm was seized by thiir creditors, and they left the colony, and ?were never heard of again ; never, though many inquiries were made. We could only conjecture that they had mur dered the poor boy for his inheritance, and then hidden the body beneath the 'hearthstone, bringing bricks and rubble up from the garden by way of the French window in the western wall. Happy children of my own play under the mulberry trees now, and make the old house ling with then merry laughter, and only Willie and I, and sometimes, perhaps, Charlie, a big boy nearly twelve years old now, ever think of the sad little boy to whom his inheritance brought only sorrow and death. 