Evolution of .Van. A correspondent to the Englith Mechanic, who believes in evoluliuu, writes When ono sec* tbo ruius of a palac®, he knows that a structure has been thero before, and can complete tbe wbole from the parts left. In the samo way, from structures we have in the body, we can show man to havo been a very different animal from what ho is now, and to have gone through many change*. There are in the body many rudimontarv organs which are remains of organs once fully developed. If mun was created (as mary believe) just as he is now, what would be the use of these rudimentary organs If he was not a spccial creation, but an evolution from a lower to a higher form, then wc can under* stand how these structures remain, and point out stog'B long since |asEcd through. The chief points of interest in connection with man's evolution aic the hair, skeleton, teeth, blood, brain, ear, eye, aod reproductive organs — all of which point to man being liko tho animals. Our hairy covering is more or less rudi mentary, and was handed down to us from a hairy ancestor. In some it is more seen than in others, and like iu the apes wheu crouching it U so arranged as to let the water run off on to the ground. A child at tho surenth month of pregnancy is covered all over with fine down, which it loses in the courso of another month or so. The skeleton io man and tho anthropoid apes is very much alike, the prominences on the bones for tho attachment of muscles, grooves for the arteries, &c.;, are similar, though you can easily tell an ape's from a human skeleton, yet the general shapo, &c.;, Is the same. The tail part of the skeleton troubles many. Now, cbiropaniccs, gorillas, ourang outan^s. &c; , have no tails, hut are liko mm. Man b*s a rudimentary tail com posed of four joftits ; it is called the coccyx, or cuckoo's bill. During one part of inter uterine life tbe tail jB longer than the legs. The hyoid bone in tho aeck is rudimoutary, and represents the bronchial arches of the fish. In the same way, early in fife, man passed through etages in which fish-like gill clefts arc scm, aud afterwards arc closed up. The wisdom teoth arc the last to oome and the first to go ; iu some tbey arc never cut at all. Tbe obtuse angle of tbe ape's jaw is changed for the right angle of man e jaw, and so there is no room for them. ? Man bss be come a cooking animal, aod having no use for these teeth tbey arc fast disappcarins. 'J'he blood of man cannot be told from that of the higher animali. In a court of law a blood-stained instrument or garment is pro* duced, but you cannot say whether it ia human or animal blood. The blood of birds aud reptiles differs from that of man ; not so that of animalb and man. The brain does not differ in man and animals, and every convolution seen in man is seen also in the apes. There is more aiffcroncc between the brsine of the highest and lowest men than between the : brains of the lowest man and highest ape. The ear has on its outer and larger cu1 ve a , small knob, which differs in size iu different persons. This represent* the pointed ear of the lowor animals. There are also three rudi mentary muscles in connection with the car : one {or raising it, one for pulling it forward, and another for depressing it. Watch how the horse can move its cars, aud know you have rudimentary muscles for doing the same. The eye contains at itsiuner corncr a small projection, the carancula lachrymalis. This is a rudimentary third eyelid, seen well in birds. The muscles of the human frame numbir about 200, and are not peculiar to xnau siuic they are also found in the ape. There are two muscles usually seen in man and not in the ape, but tbey are not coustant in man. One of the most interesting muscles occasion* ally seen in man is the panniculus carootUB ; it is found on the back. Its use ie to pucker the akin aud scare tiies off. It is seen well in tlie horse and cow. The same muscle ie seen in the scalp, aud some boys can use it so aa to tilt tho hat from the back of the head right on to the front. The reproductive organs in man and tho apes aro alike. Menstruation occurs iu female monkeys like in the human female. Besides these traits, drugs act ou many animals the same as on us ; animals suffer from tho same diseases of mind and body.; tbeir wounds heal like ours ; and they all can develop, like mnn, n love for tea, coffce, alcohol, tobacco, and other narcotics. A HOOdE at Ballsrat was reported to ho haunted. A tenant who went into occupation of it heard weird aud moaning souuds. Following thein up he found they were caused by the vibrations of some iinpcifectly-faBteoed boards of the building, upon which tho half gale blowing was taking effect. A few blows ; with a h&utaaer; tightened up the boards and killed dte ghost. 