Tales and- Sketch e.s.; Brat Harte's Hew Story in "7 the " Argonaut." " A Ship of .Forty-nine.".. 1 (Continued from our last.) ' TV. -AViru an exclamation and a burned glance around him, He Ferrieres threw .himself before the intruder. But, slowly lif ting his large hand, and placing .. it on his lodger's V breast, he. quietly overbore the , sick man's feeblo resis tance with an imprct of "power that seemed almost as moral as it was physical. He did not appear to take any notice of the room or its miserable surroundings; indeed, scarcely the occupant. Still pushing hiia, with ab • stracted'eyes and immobile face, to the chair that Rosey had. just quitted, he made him sit down, and. then took up his own position • on a pile of cushions opposite. . His usually, underdone com. plexion was of watery blueness, but his dull, abstracted glance" appeared to exercise a certain dumb, narcotic fas cination on his lodger. 'I mdut,'-- said' A'ott, slowly, 'her laid ye out here, on sight, without enny warnin', or dropped ye in yer tracks in hlontgomery street, whererer ther was room to work a six-shooter in com fably! : Johnson of Petalumy—him, ye know, ez bad a game eye—fetched "Rlynn comin'- outer-meetin' one-Sun? day, and it was only on account of his wire, and: she a second-hand one, so to speak. There was Walker of - Contra Costa plugged that young Sacramento ' chap, whose name I disremember, full o' holes jist ez he. was sarin' ' Good-by' to* his darter. I mont hev done all this if it had settled things to " please me. . For while' you, and Flynn, and that Sacramento chap ez all about the same sort o' men, Rosey's a different kind from their sort o' women.' ' Mademoiselle is an angel'!' said He Ferrieres, suddenly rising, witE'an ex cess of extravagance. ' A saint I Look 1 \- I cram the lie, na! down his throat who challenges it!' . • ' V' ' \- .' E£ by mam'selle ye mean my Rosey,' \- said Not4 quietly laying his . powerful ; hand on He Ferrieres's shoulders, and slowly pinhing_him down" again upon his chair, 'ye're about right, though she ain't mam'selle yet. - Ez I was sayin', I might her killed you off-hand if I hed thought it would her been-a good thing for Rosey.' ■ ; ' . \- ' For her ?•. Ah, swell! £ Look, I am ready!' interruptedDeFerrieres, again springing to.his feet and throwing open his coat with both hands. See! here at my heart—fire . 'Ez I was sayin',' continued Nott, once more pressing the. excited man down in his chair, M might hev-wiped ye out—and mebbe ye wouldn't her keered—or you might her wiped me out, and I mout her said, 'Thank'ee,' but I reckon this ain't a case for what's comf'able for you and me. It's what's good for Fosey. And the thing to kal Irilate is, what's to be done:' • His small,- round eyes for the first time rested on De Ferriere's face, and were quickly withdrawn. It was evident that this abstracted, look, which had fascinated his lodger, was merely a resolute avoidance . of De Ferrieres's glance, , and it became apparent later that this avoidance was due to a ludi erous appreciation of De Ferrieres's attractions. ' And after we've done that, we must calculate what Bosey is, and what JtoEey wants. P'raps ye allow,you know what Bosey is ? P'raps you've seen her prance round in velvet bonnets and white satin slippers, and sich. P'raps you've seen her readin' tracks and v'yges, without waitin' to spell a word, or catch her breath. But that ain't the Eosey ez I know. It's a little child ez lister crawl in and out the tailboard of a Missouri waggon on the alkali pizened plainB, where there wasn't another bit of God's mercy on yearth to be seen for miles and miles. It's a little gal as uster hunger and thirst ez quiet and : mannerly ez she now eats and drinks in plenty; whose voice was ez steady with Injins vellin'. round her nest in the leaves on Sweetwater ez in her purty cabin up yonder. That's the gal ez I know! That's the Honey ez my ok; woman puts into my arms one high; arter we left Laramie when the fever WW high, attd se'z: " ^.bner," sez Bhe, " the chariot is swiagin' low for mo tooiight, but • thar ain't room in it for her or you to get in or hitch on. Take her,.and. rare her so we can all jine on the other shore," sez she. And I'd knowed. the other shore wasn't no Cali forny. And that night, p'raps, the chariot- swiing lower than ever before, and my olo woman stepped into it, mid left me and ltosey to creep on in the old waggon alone. It's them kind o' things,' added Mr. Nott, thoughtfully, 4 that seem to pint to my hillin' you on sight as the best tbing to be done. -And yet Eosey; might not like it.' He had slipped one of his feet out of his huge carpet slippers, and, as ho reached down-.to put- it on again,-he added, calmly: ' And ez to you marry ing her, it ain't to be done.' The utterly bewildered expression which transfigured De Eerrieres's face at this announcement was unobserved by I* ott's averted eyes, nor did he per ceive that bis listener the. next moment straightened his erect figure and ad justed his cravat. ' E£ ltosey,' he continued, ' hez read in vy'ge3 and tracks in Eyetalian and Erench countries of such chaps ez you, and kalkilates you're the right kind to tie to, mebbee it mout hev. done, if you'd been livin' over thar in a palace, but somehow it don't jibe in over here and agree with a ship—and that ship lying comf'able ■ ashore in San Francisco. You don't- seem to suit the climate, you see, and your general gait is likely to stampede the other cattle. Again,' said Nott, with - an ostentation of looking at his companion, but really gazing * on vacancy, • 'this fixed up, antique', style of; yours goes better with them ivy-kivered ruins in Borne and Palmyry thatBosey's mixed you up with, than it would yere. I ain't sayin',' he added, as De Eer rieres: was about to - speak, ' I- ain't savin' ez that child ain't smitten with ye. It ain't no use to lie .and say she don't prefer you to her old father, or young chaps of her own age and kind. I've seed, it afore now."'I suspicioned it afore I. seed her slip out o' this place to-night: Thar! keep your hair on, such ez it is!' he added, as De Eer rieres attempted a quick deprecatory gesture. 'I aint askin' yer how often she comes here, nor what Bhe sez to you nor you to her. I ain't asked, her, and I don't ask you. I'll allow ez -you've settled all the preliminaries and bought her the ring and sich; I'm only askin' you now, kalkilatin' you've got all the keerds in your own hand, what you'll take to step out and leave the board ?' , The dazed, look of De Jbemeres might hare forced itself even upon • Nott's one-idead fatuity had* it not been a part of that gentleman's system to delicately loot another way at that moment so as not to embarrass his adversary's calcu lation. ' Pardon,' Btammerea De Fer rieres,"' but I do notcomprehend.' He raised his hand to his head. 11 am not well—I am stupid. Ab, mon Dieu!' 'I ain't say in',' added Nott, more gently, 'ez you don't feel bad ; it's nat'ral. But it ain't business. I'm askin' yon,' he continued, taking from his -breast-pocket a large wallet, ' how much you'll take in cash now, and the rest next steamer day, to give up Posey and leave the ship.' De Ferrieres staggered to his feet despite Nott's restraining hand. ' To leave mademoiselle and leave the ship,' he said huskily,' is it not ? ' ' In course. Ter can leave things yer jist ez you found'em when you came, you know,' continued Nott, for the first time looking around the miser able apartment. 'It'H a business job. I'll take the bales back agin, and you kin reckon upwhat you're out, countin' Posey and loss o' time.' ' He wishes me to go,'he has said, re peated De Ferric res to himself, thick!}'. ' Ef you mean me when you say bim —and ez thar ain't any other man around, I reckon you do—yes.' ' And he asks me—he—this man of the feet and the daughter—asks me— De Ferric-res—what 1 will take,' con tinued, De Ferric-res, buttoning his coat. ' No ! it is a dream!' He walked stilllv to the corner where his portmanteau lay, lifted it, and, going to the outer door, a cut through the ehip'B side that communicated with the alley, unlocked it and flung it open to the night. A thick mist, like the breath of the ocean, flowed into the room. ' You ask me what I shall take to go,' he said, as he stood on the thres hold, ' I shall take what you carfnot give, monsieur, but what I~"would~not keep if I stood here another minute.' I take my honour, monsieur; and ;I take my leave.' , For a moment his grotesque iiguro was outlined in the opening, and then disappeared as if ho had dropped in an invisible opening below. Stupefied and disconcerted at this complete success of his overtures, Abner ;Nott remained speechless, gazing at the vacant space, until a cold influx of the mist recalled him. Then he rose and shiililed quickly to the door. 'Hi! Ferrers ! Look ycr—say ! "Wot's your hurry, pardner ?' • But there was no response. The thick mist, which hid the surrounding objects seemed to deaden all sound also.; After a moment's pause he closed the door, but did not, lock it, and, retreating to the centre of the room, remained blink ing at the two candles and plucking some perplexing problem from his beard. Suddenly, an idea seized him. Bosey ! "Where was she ? Perhaps it had been a preconcerted plan, and she had fled with him. i Putting out the light, Not fc stumbled hurriedly through the passage to the gangway above. The cabin door was open; there was the sound of voices— Benshaw's and Eosey's. Mr. Nott felt relieved, but not unembarrassed. He would have avoided his daughter's pre sence' that evening. But even while making this resolution;. with charac teristic infelicity he blundered into the room. Bosey looked up with a slight start; Benshaw's animated; face was changed to its former expression of in ward discontent. ' ; 'You came in so like a ghost, father,' said Bosey, with a slight peevishness that was new to her: 'And I thought you were in town. Don't go, Mr. Benshaw.' ... But Mr. Benshaw intimated that he had already trespassed 'upon' Miss JTott's time, and that no doubt her father wanted to talk with her. To his surprise and annoyance, however, Mr. Nott insisted on accompanyi him to his room, and without heedi Benshaw's cold ' Good night,' entered^ and closed the door behind him. ,j 'P'r'aps,' said Mr.; Nott, with a troubled air, 'you disre'member that when you first kern here you. asked me if you could hev that 'er loft that the Frenchman had downstairs ?' - 'No, I don't remember it,' said Ben shaw, almost rudely. 'But,' he added, after a pause, with the air of a man obliged to revive a Btale and unpleasant memory,' if I did, what about it ?» ' Ruthin', only that you kin hov it to-morrow, ez that , ere Frenchman is movin'out,'respondediSott. 'Ithought you was sorter keen about it when you first kem.' . ' Umph! "We'll talk about it to morrow.' Something-in the look of wearied perplexity withwhich Mr. Nctt was beginning to regard his own mala propos presence arrested the young man's attention. ' What's the reason you didn't sell this old ship long ago, take a decent house in the town,.and bring up your daughter like a lady.?' he asked, with a sudden blunt good humour. But even this implied blas phemy against the habitation ho wor shiped "did not prevent Mr. Nott from bi3 usual misconstruction of the ques tion.: - - • : ' I reckon now Bosey's got high-flown ideas of livin' in a castle with ruins, eh?' he said, cunningly. - 'ITaven't heard her say,' returned Kcnshaw abruptly. ' Good-night.' Firmly convinced that llosoy had been unable to conceal from Mr. Ben shaw tho iniluence of her dreams : of a castellated future with l)e Fcrricres, j he regained the cabin. Satisfying him 1 self that his daughter had retired, ho i sought his own couch. But not to sleep. The figure of Be Furricrcs standing in tho ship's side, and melting into the outer darkness, haunted him, and compelled him in dreams to rise and follow hin through tho alleys and by-ways of a crowded city. Again, it was a part of his tnorbid suspicion that ho now invested the absent man with a potential significance and an unknown power. What deep laid planB might ho not form to possess himself of Rosey, of which he, Abnor 11*ott, would bo ignorant? Unchecked by the restraint of n father's roof, ho would now give full licence to his power. 'Said he'd take his honourwitli him," mattered Abner to himself, in-the ditp watchek of tho night; ' lookin' at that sayin m its"right"ligh'ti'irioju bad.'' ■ ' ' * * The elaborately untruthful account which Mr. Nott gave his daughter {of Do Perribres's sudden departure %as more fortunate than his usual !eqtiivo cations. While it disappoint^ and slightly mortified her, it did not Jc'em to her inconsistent with what sho already knew of him. ' Said hia doctor had ordered him to quit town uhderW hour, owin' to a comin' attack'of hav fever, and he had a friend from furrin parts waitin' him at the Springs, Bosey' explained Nott, hesitating hetween-his desire to avoid his daughter's eyes and his wish to observe her countenance: ' Was he worse ?—I mean did he look badly, father?' asked Eosey, thought fully. ;: " ' I reckon not exactly bad. Kinder looked ez if he mout be worse soori! ef he din't hump hisself.' ' 'Did you see him?—in his room?' asked Eosey, anxiously. Upon the answer to this simple question depended the future confidential relations be- , tween father and daughter. If her father had himself detected the means by which his lodger existed, she-felt that her own obligations to secre'cy had been removed. But Mr. Xott'k answer disposed of the vain hope. It' was a response after his usual fashion toitbe question he imagined she artfully , wished to ask—i.e., if he had discovered their rendezous of the previous night. This was part of his peculiar delicacy to ignore. Yet his. reply showed that hel4 had been unconscious of the one miserable secret that he might hare read easily. ' I was there an hour or so—him and me alone—discussin' trade. I reckon he's got a good thing outer.that curled horse-hair, for I Bee he's got in anlm voice o' cushions. I've stored 'em fall in the forrard bulkhead until he 'sends for 'em, ez Mr. Eenshaw has taken''the loft.' But although Mr. Eenahawhad taken the loft, he did not Beem: in haste1 to occupy it. He spent part of the. morn ing in uneasily pacing his room, in.oc casional sallies into the street, from which he purposely- returned, and once or twice in distant and furtive contem plation of EoEey at work in the galley. .The last" observation was unnoticed by the astute -Not-t, who at once conceiving that he was nourishing a secret 'ana hopeless. passion for EoBey, began to consider whether it was not his duty to warn the young man of her preoccupied affections." But Mr. Eenshaw's final disappearance obliged., him to withhold his confidence till morning. This time Mr. Eenshaw left the ship., with the evident determination of some settled purpose. He walked rapidly until : he reached the counting-house of Mr. Sleight, when he was at once shown into a private' office In a few moments Mr. Sleight, a brusque but passionless man, joined him. ' Well,' said Sleight, closing.the door carefully, ' what news ?? 'Hone,' said ,Eenshaw,".i bluntly. ' Look here, Sleight,' he added, turning to him suddenly, 'let-me out of this game. I don't like it.' - " ■ 'Hoes that mean 'you've-, found nothing?' asked Sleight, sarcastically. 'It means that I; haven't looked for anything, and that I don't intend to without the full knowledge of.-that fool who owns the ship.1 ' ' You've changed your mind since you wrote that letter,' said Sleight, coolly, producing from a drawer,.the note already known to the reador. Eenshaw mechanically extended* his hand to tnko it. Mr. Sleight dropped the letter back into the drawer, which ho quietly locked. The apparently simple aefc dyed Mr. Eenshaw's cheek witn colour, but it vanished quickly, and with it any token of his previous embarrassment. Ho looked at Sleight with the convinced air of a resolute man who had nt last taken a disagree able stop, but was willing to Btand by it ' I havo changed iny mind,' he.saia, coolly. ' 1 found out that it wit® ob® thing to go down thero as ' a- skilled prospector might go to examine*# I®"!® that was to bo valued according,tohis report of the indications,- but that it was entirely anothor thing to go play tho spy in a poor devil's house, l® order to buy something he didn't kno* ho was selling, and wouldn't sell if ®8 did.* 1 And something that tho man he btfught of didn't tbirjk of stillingit0®®' Aing h0 himself never paid for, and neTer erpected tobuy,' sneered Sleight. ' But something that wb expect to \- j,ny from our knowledge of all thisj and jt is that which makes all the di{ " ference. ' But you knew all this before.' ' I never atw it in this lfcht before 1 I never thougbt of it until 1 was living there face to face watli the old fool 1 was intending to _ overreach. I never was BUre erf it until this morning, when he actually turned out one of his lodgers that 1 might have the very room I re quired to play off our little game in comfortably. When lie did that I made up my mind to drop the whole thing, and I am here to do it.' ' And let somebody else take the re sponsibility—with the percentage— unleaB you've also felt it yfcur duty to warn Nott, too,' said Sleight, with a sneer. 'You only dare say that to me, Sleight,' Baid. Benshaw, quietly, ' be cause you have in that drawer equal evidence of my folly and of my confi dence; but if-you are wise you will not presume too far on either. Let us see how we stand. Through the yarn of a drunken captain ana a mutinous j sailor you became aware of an un claimed shipment of treasure, concealed in an unknown ship that entered this harbour. You are enabled through me to corroborate some facts and identify the Bhip. . You proposed to me as a speculation to identify the treasure if possible before you purchased the ship, i I accepted the offer without con sideration. On consideration I now decline it, hut without prejudice or loss to anyone hut myself. As to your insinnations, I need not remind you that my presenee hero to-day re futes it. *1 would not require your permission to make a much better bar gain with a good-natured fool like Nott than I could with you. Or, if I did not care for the business, I could have warned the girl' _ 1 The girl—what girl ?' Benshaw bit his lip, but answered, boldly: 'The old man's daughter—a poor girl—whom this act would, rob as well ai her father.' Sleight looked at his companion at tentively. ' You might have said so at first, and lei: up on this camp-meetin' exhortation. "Well, then — admitting you've got the old man and the young girl on the Bame string, and that you've played it pretty low down in the short time you've been there—I suppose, Dick Benihaw, I've got to see your bluff. "Well,how much is it? "What's the figure you and she have settled on ?' For aninstant Sleight was in physical danger. But before ho had finished ■peaking, Benshaw's quick sense of the ludicrous had so far overcome his first indignation as to enable him to even admire the perfect mpral insensibility oi bis companion. 'As he arose and walked toward the door, he half wondered that ho had ever trcatpd the affair seriously. "With a gmile he re*, plied:— 'Fsr from bluffing, Sleight, I am throwing my cards on the table. Con sider that I've passed out. Let some other man take my hand. Bake dawn the pojj if you like, old man ; J leave for Sacramento to-night. A.dios !' When the door had closed behind him, Mr. Sleight aumtnoued his clerk. 1 Is that petition for grading Pontine street ready ?' 'I've scon the largest property ; holders^ air; thoy'ro only waiting for "•you to sign first.' Mr. Sleight paused and then nftixed his signature to the paper his clerk laid before him.- ' Get the other names and send it up at once.' 'If Mr. Nott doesn't sign, sir ? ' 'ho matter; he will bo assessed all , the same.' Mr. Sleight took up his hat; 'The Lascar seaman that was here the other day haB been wanting to »oc Jou, sir. I snid you woro busy.' ' i klr. Sloight put down his hat. ' Send him up.' {T(t be soHtiitueil.) a UttlnnisH of oight summers going acnool—' Mawma, onn I liavo tw° cents to uyapcar?' Mamma—' Yos, providod' p ., P°orgio — ' Provided wliut, mamma ? ar»J ^ou promise to buy either an Yi u.°r a Poar, and not indulge in oandy. k.Jj- .l5"' 5lamma doosn't winh v-ou to buy anv air*! i_ Georgia—'Yoa mamma, I'll 'Ur n Rn "PP'o or a poar.' Mamma— v. ,; "vor^iu, how atiall I kao-.v you havo at-rS "V "i'l'lo-" Littlo Gnorgio, aftor a 2trtn.'"i0,e~' 11 hring home the coreSho s01 the two cents. • "" ' . 