Ours i' rnimval Ilacecourse. llt GBOOSTNOR srOasrEn. \--+++-- (Concluded.) Well, as I have erAd thehill, as. it how stands, is the best site on the ground. Stand ing upon its Elope, the eye catches every foot of the course. And as I.obEerve this, I dis cover that a new training ground, one mile round, has been recently made within the circle of the conreo. Jonathan, the worthy ranger, tells me thatitis the soundest training ground on the whole three hundred and twenty acres, and that it is built on nineinches of iron stone rock and nine more of loam, sand, and tan, in the most approved fashion. Yonder, as he points out-away to the left, are the sand track,one nd halfmiles,theohemiletan, and the one mile cinders. I am told with a certain pride, that the rolling and harrowing, and such like work in connection with these tracks, involve an annual labour covering a distance of 7000 miles. In summer the tracks I are regularly watered every day. We descend from the Hill and enter the passage which leads to the grand-stand and the lawn. Here, shortly, will be built a covered way, tljroughwhich the salt ofsociety r will pass, unseen and nncrltieieed by the baser a clay. Not that this is the especiat object of e the improvement, which indeed is projected r for the purpose of still further increasing the resources and area of theHill. Jonathan, big in the pride of his oflise, pro duces his keys with that air of responsibility which might attach to an old time butler, as he leads the way to an inspection of the glories of the cellar. And now we perceive the full development of a scheme, which has been a made in the interests of that other class of a the goblin, the members of which, so to say, \- travel with firstclaess tickets in the trains of n amusement at race times. This is the swell's I region, and proper recognition of its superior requirements is evident on all sides. t Place asx dames! Let us enter, timidly and t nervously, yet with that eager curiosity with a which innocent bachelorhood regards every e thing connected with the l]dies and their easur roundings. This is one of the retiringrooms. Nay, by the mass I blt I must laugh. The I most prominent furniture in this gorgeous apartment consists of mirrors 1 Mirrorelarge, mirrors small; mirrors which reflect the face I and bust only, and large cheval glasses, which s give forth to the inquisitive fair the reflex of the whole of the glories of her form and cos 5 tume. Here, no question, the dainty maids and matronswho bloom on the lawn during Cup r weekl:, and whose gay and brilliant attire rival Mr. Moore's mantling blossoms of many colo red hues-here, I say, within these rooms (for d there are two, each 110 feat long) might be seeonk and heard much bythephilosopher (were he invisible) which would improve his knowledge of the feminine nature. Whas r pleasure, gratified vabity, innocent triumph, o mortified pride, delight, and dissatisfaction, Shave these mirrors in turn reflected, and shall again reflect I How many a woman's heart e has beaten high, or lowered its pulses, as these Sbonesttelltales, set on all sides,havoe given back a truthful answer to wistful or eager feminine a inquiryl I wonder whetherMr.IMoore chuckles as he looks around at this rodom. For myself, \- I own I burst out laughing. But not alone mirrors for the ladies. Everything the charmers need is- provided. Here and there are hung "loueewives," filled e with needles, silks, cotton, pins, and the e thousand and one contrivances with which a women "fix" themselves. If an awkward e cavalier tread upon a lady's train and rip its h "gathers," all she has to do is to repair to if one of thesre dainty apartments, where she i. will find appliances.for remedying the evil, a and recovering her complacency by noting is the facial effect of had temper in a looking. .e glass.. .And if, haply, the en nmay have burnt, with his amorous glances, her fair 11 cheeks or delicate nose, here shall she find s cold cream, or violet powder, or toilette e vinegar, or some such delicate preparation to e relievoehersweetvisage: while she may asseuage her annoyonce and relieve her feelings by the o application of the smelling salts provided by e excellent Mr. Moore. By George I I think that, all things considered, that gentleman should be the best lauded man in Victoria, among the ladies at any rate, during Carnival week. Flowers are, of course, distributed-in every part of these apartments, for their greater. adornment. Cat flowers are also provided; so that a lady needing some delicate blossom to still farther enhance her charms, may find it to her hand. Cases of flowers for this pur. pose are brought from such districts as pro tduae them earlier than hereabouts. Even Sydney contributes its contingent of blossoms -among which the Warratah is ever promi nent. All this is gallant work; but it is no less policy. While it gives pleasure to the fair, it no lees brings grist to the mill. A conning gentleman is Mr. Byron Moore. It seems a coarse matter, but really I think I am as much interested in the next apart ment into which I am introduced. We have looked upon the purely mosthetic and poetic features of a racemeeting; let us now inspect the more natural attractions. Here, my friend, is where King Appetite is assasged. Observe that this is the luncheon room, and consider what a spectacle it must present during race week. It is silent and empty enough now, though one might fancy ghosts of departed revellers flit about unseen, yet hungry; butin the course of a couple.of months its lofty space shall echo to the pops of champagne corks, the crunch of teeth, the bustle, and laughter, and, truth to say, vulgar hubbub and confusion of such assemblies. Flowers again will be seen in profusion. Why not? Does not one enjoy such matters the better, for dainty and. refining surroundings. It it be pleasant to the eye to gaze upon a boned turkey or a raised pie, is not it the more so to let it rest awhile upon the sweetness and freshness of bloom and blossom? Who does not appreciate the effect of the dainty furni-. ture of a dinner table? Who then shall not applaud the conjunction of suchjinflences as are afforded by the presence of sweet flowers. Nay, the taste is classic, andhas the authority of the best traditions. The Governor's apartments are all that they should be. Pleasant to be a Governor I should say-at racetimes anyway. At other times, when pestered by dull "statesmen" and vulgar pretension, the post may realise the axiom that "Allthat glitters isnot gold." It must indeed be hard work sometimes; play ing Governor, and sooth to say must involve an extra employment o0 that eunvo hypocrisy with which social illusions are sup ported. But here, away from the disabilities of his oflice, he and his lady wife and brave youngsters and gallant suite,mustohave a highold time of it. I peepinto the pantry whence the good things are served. Yes there are times when I would be a Governor. For truly we treat our Governors' betterin the matter of feeding than fell to the lot- of the honest ruler of Barataria, who got nothing to eat you will remember, but argument and promises. Phis is the Press room. These stairs lead to the compartment whence the recording angels takes note and notice of the races. Every convenience is provided for these worthy people. In that division at the end are placed the telegraphio operatore. Wihst a jump all this, from the time when the first course in Australia was founded by the fine gentlemen of His MIajesty's 101st regiment of foot. The saddling paddock, or where the gentle men of the ring do congregate to do their bnainess or do somebody else's, is, as all the world knows, under the Hill, to the west of the stand. Here too a variety of improve. ments have been made, all tending to the faIeiltatidn of the great Carnival of the year. Yon&dr; the judge's stand, wherein the arbiter of every' contest places himself. By my faith I often think that many a eriminal has heard, with lose emotion, the fiat of a jddge of law, than have thousands who have marked that of a judge of a race. The new stand overlaps the old one, and is built up on an area of land scooped out of the hill. The crush and crowding, which of late years marred the pleasure of so many, is now avoided. The rush will be for the new stand, and the race to the swiftest.- The ladies, whose robes are a higher consideration than a horse race, may therefore move more leisurely with their escorts, and take their places in the old stand. The foresight which led the committee to adopt this plan goes to show again their sensibility to the claims of public convenience. But let us get on, across the lawn, and on past the ivied walls and ranger's cottage. I observe that carpenters and painters are hard at work, and learn that they are the employds of the club. All work, whether of. craft, or farm,' or garden, is done by men engaged on the estate. The work-rooms of carpenters, blacksmiths, painters, point to the circum stance that there is enough to keep business brisk the year round. The farm work is ex tensive, consisting in harrowing, carting, mowing, and such like operations. Hay is grown for the working heres,of which there are eloven-soeach animals as are rarely seen, save in i brewer's lorry, or a horse show. Fat and lusty, they seem to have a good time of it, with a splendid stable in which to pass their hours of eas and munch their sweet hay. By the way in which Jonathan poses himself as we regard some of these brave creatures, I gather that he takes rare pride and satisfac tion in them. On pleasant lines, truly, is cast the lot of honest Jonathan. He has been associated I with the course for more than twenty years, and may be said to be part and parcel of the E institution. Here is his cottage standinig on a gentle elope, and embosesomed in flowers and ehrubberies. From the verandah I watch f the coaching of the youngsters on-the tracks. There are some twenty of them, each, doubt less, as much a'subject of anxiety and hope I and fear to his trainer, as bipeds, on their en I trance into life contern their mothers and fathers. Indeed, there is not a little whichis alike, and runs parallel to-the course. of .a child's life and that of a colt or filly. Each trains for the prizes of life, in some form or e another, and a similar picture is presented in either ease nothe rarity of euccess and the 3 constancy of failure. A few come to the \- front, and a few remain there-like old Com f motion-stoutly contending againsfall new comers.' But what becomes of the rack, I whether human or equine ? Do they not pass into the oblivion of forgetfulness ? . Are they not merged into the common lot, and labor out their lives is humble shadow ? I Soften think that a Cup winner is like the 3 belle of a London season, or a society beauty, who rarely shines in the firmament of fash 3 ionable caprice or whim, more than once. And yet see how eager the women are to shine even for this brief space I Perhaps the motive may be the speculation, and the value 1 of notoriety. inay be turned to as happy t account in the case of the woman as in the Scase of the horse. . But what is all- this ? I note that. Jona than is eyeing me furtively, as I stand in his s verandah thus refleoating;. and I doubt not that he thinks the excellent whiskey to which we have been treated in his house has proved . too much for my weak braids. But I tell him I was thinking that had I the ehoice I I would rather like in.his cottage than in e Government House, in which, indeed, is sober 1 truth. At which his face relaxes, and though I he answers nothing, he looks the honert a gratification my poor compliment has in. 3 spired. Jonathan's garden is a very glory-of bles somes.. Particularly am I attractedj by the nativ5 heaths, which are cultivated here. It is a popular delusion among amateur gardeners, that the heath will not bear translation to r artificial treatment. "That" says our cicerone, "is simply because they know nothing abouot the matter"-an explanation I fancy, of the i majority of popular delusions. \- Attoobcd to the cottage is a small green. house, where pot plants are placed in plenty. Sometimes; you see, in this eccentric climate, the clerk of the weather plays sad pranks to wards the end of Octboeb.- The wind andrain combine to mar the completeness of the floral I decorations of lawn and avenue. In that case, the remedy is at hand. The pot plants are buried in the eartl, andthe eye is satisfied. r There is surely something of enthusiasm in ; these fond precautions on the part of MIr. I Moore, to complete the glory of the place, at I Carnival time. Of the ferneries, the Ivied walls, the "har. dening hoeue," in which plants are prepared for planting out; of the hedges of gazania and masses of pittosporum, of the plants. tions right and left, and the whole further details of this most pleasant spectacle, I speak no more. Loet me hope that there will be few of my readers who will not judge. for themselves in the first week of November, and thatofthethousands upon thousandswhothen crowd the Hill and Lawn and Stand and Flat, there will be as few insensible to the eircum stance that in csnverting the public portion of Flemington racecourse into a species oa great garden, much has been done to forward the interests of the popular sport and elevate its character by its associations. We may be sure of this, that the ldes horseracing is made purely a business for the gambler, and the more its brave influences are associated with beauty and refinement and honest wholesome enjoyment,-the more certainly will.ite popu larity expand andgrow. Yonder, on the new track are a dozen beauties taking their gallops. As our trap ascends the gentle slope of the new members' road I watch them, and marvel not at the strong hold the sport they confer upon us should have upon society. Nor do I wonder either that people who delight in such sports should have been, and should still be distinguished above all others, for their sturdy independence and robust manliness of cha racter. . 