INTERCOLONIAL. (frdk our own correspondents ) ?ICTO£IA Melbourne, May 18. The steamer Mangana left here for Launceston to-day. Passengers — Saloon : Lady Robinson, Miss Robinson, and ?maid ; Mesdames Solomon, Homewood, Broadbent, Buck ; Misses Reynolds, (Collins, Smith ; Messrs. Miller, Johnston, IPackes, Howell, Tangye, Buck, and nnembers of Dwarf Combination Company, as follows : — Messrs. Solomon, Home- 1 wood, . Hull ; General Robinson and i Colonel Brooks ; and about 25 steerage. It is reported here that the Queenintends to confer the honor of knighthood on Colonel Richardson, and that the Hon. James Francis -3arnck, Q.C., Agent General for Queensland, and Mr Sym monds, Under-Treasurer of Victoria, will be decorated. Tri the Criminal Court, Charles Fit? rgibbon, lately employed as groom to Dr, i iPorter, health officer at Point Nepean, was found guilty of committing a capital Vsflfence on Annie Knight, a fellowser TOmut-- He was recommended to mercy, %e jury believing tbjat the girl had pre . been guilty of Jevity of conduct T1.°^ prisoner. He was remanded, 1 . t'' Xrfflg arguments on points of j pending hi ... , Clearing of the case j aw raised dui. ^ Sunday night ' Anatemptwa* ^ Messrs | to break into the . ^njgerj?. fhe MEwan and Co., iroi. beep j iron railing in front of the. . ?hur-*- much wrenched and twisted. lars were, however, foiled. ' * It is hoped that the mining dispute Lansell's claim, Sandhurst, will be amic ably settled. A man named James Walker, who fell to the bottom of the Alfred Graving Dock, Las died at the hospital through concus sion of the brain. In the Little Bourko- street murder case, in which a Chinaman named Ah Foy was charged with the warder of his cousin, the j-iry have acquitted the prisoner on the ground of his insanity Ah Foy was, however, ordered to be kept till the pleasure oE the Governor was known. Two important libel actions are pending, rand will come oft' before the nC*t sitting -of the Supreme Court. The lust is Walker v. the Melbourne Daily Telegraph, sand arises out of charges made by the 'Telegraph against a member of the Age's j ?expedition to New Guinea. The other is j ?between Dr. L. L. Smitli and Mr j Musgrove, one of the lessees of the j '.Theatre Royal, for.a statement made on a irecent deputation respecting the Juvenile Sisli&itijn; and the management of it. Xftn&rs; were opened to-day for ihe railway from Dimboola to the South Australian border. The whole of the tenders were referred to t'he Engineerin Chief, and the successful tenderer will be 'known at noon to-niorjoii'. The following horses have accepted for the Birthday Handicaji, to be run at Flemington on Monday next, under the auspices of the Melbourne Hunt Club Middlemarcli, Topsy, The Ghost, Camerine, Grace Dai-ling. Meteor, Staf ford, Pailleroo, Ringmanter, Uucas, Guardsman, Bohemian, East Lynne, Evie, Landseer, Gipsy's Warning, Foot man, Hobart, Lucky Hit, Impulse, Arsenal, Mentlore, Agnes, Ebony, 