JUST BEFOEE THE EACE. Ths general inquiry on Saturday was Going to the boat race?' invariably responded to with a sententious 'rather.' To say that the great event on the Parramatta was the unique subject of public attention would be no exaggeration, for between the hours pf 12 and 2 on Saturday nine persons put of ten were talking about the boat race, evidence sufficient to justify the inference that the tenth person must have been thinking: about the same thing. Perhaps never before has any sporting event in Australia so fully occupied the public mind as did last Saturday's great race. Never before wera tiie issues pf a contest so earnestly discussed, or the merits of the rival competitors so thoroughly canvassed. In proof of the hold Which the sculling championship race had taken on the public attention, it may be men tioned that very few Australians could be found either in or out of Sydney, who had not the histories of Beach and Hanlan off by heart, and who could not giibly run off on their fingers' ends all their most notable performances, as -well as specify their real or imputed merits. There is no gainsaying the fact, and it speaks volumes for the thoroughness of Austra lians as sportsmen, that the previous, race between HaTilan and Beach, while accepted for the nonce, was not looked upon by the vast inajorifgr of the public here with feelings of unmitigated satisfaction. That monstrous spectre — ?me Tomta. — haunted the minds of many who would sever admit that it had for one* moment affected the race on the ecene of which it figured so prominently ; and the knowledge that in Britain and America the TomM had become magni fied into a veritable Great Eastern in its alleged interference with the race cauf'ed a deep feeling of irritation in the public -mind, and created a strong' desire to have theTpmki '* wiped but,' which, of course, copld only be done pj Beach defeating Hanlan again on a fair field, ?where there was no favor or ^omki. ' Clifford1-* comparatively easy defeat by Beach and Hanlan reipe'ctively only left the great issue Where it originally i^as in the public mind, Tia.j undecided and uncertain. And it was this whioh tended to give that -fepth of Interest to Satur day's contest which it really aid possess. Every body seemed to be absorbed in calculating and discussing the chances of either man ; but, so far from being able to come to any definite conclusion, everybody «eemed to get farther off than ever fcoin'any distinct opinion, as the race drew, nearer. A remarkable fact was that, notwithstanding the immense popularity of Beach's first victory over. HtyfoTi, and the fiipin sivpwrrlng confidence of all true 'cornstalks.'-' ^n their man.'* powers, compara tivply few of them had the courage to, -baok their, opmionp. Oi cpnrpeljeacb,' waa I$§elT BJoBported, but fn a somewhat isquivoaa! mailer, nis eupporte^ invariably' clemanding ' odds, 'y and long ones too7. This is » phenomonon'in b^tSng,pfbbabry Sever be fore eeen in the sporting World, aiid one Which it is to be hoped, for the sake of the ' morality of bet ting,' will never be seen again, because, to say the. least, a man who . if *ot prepared, tft baok his honest opinion, hu. no right to bet at alL This is partioularly true in the case wh^re the «om|jejgtox^ gr^^o men emjnont alike for their abilities as oarsmen, aid for the. integrity and etr^ightfofw?*rd way in which they iaye always ablV^with iibe public^ ^^&y; uivve a wyuule claim to be so treated by them, and each or both of them have a right to thbt moral and peouniary support whioh a firm belief in their respective powers is likely to bring them. The only exphination of this strange observation in the swil ot tEe 'cute ^porting world istiie.preati^e which Edward Hanla^ias enjoyed during the -past nine years of bis remarkable career, during wblchibe has; easily defeated'^h^mbst eminent oarsmen whom B^itaip, America,' and Australia could prodnce, ' lind for «ix «f which lie Eaef *' held' the chmmpionship of' the ' world. In - fact, hi« reocess has been so invariable ilic|£)QjQ8iin'%t)ji powers ^q contiune g&duHi;£t() liislsurels by ^f^ vi-^ories, even after Hb delfeaot by Beach. It should not be. forgotten ijbat TTtvw«n in a large measnre re^am^ by h^ easy victory over Clitford that position wMch heTiad lost by his own defeat by Beach some time previously, ' Finrfiner, a strong oon -fiction that ?Wniiin.Ti was not in the best of condition, and that he held his opponent too cheaply, had taken bold of the public muicU wtoch jiothine bat the repult of last Saturday's race could eraaieate. we heard the ' whole question very shrewdly argued out last Satqrdfty afternoon be^Bre^n' two men (apparently bushmen) on lie top qf one of tha omnibuses going to Five pock. Bawd one *f Who be you abaokEW on, George?'' 'Beich,' replied Hba other. '?oTjFjnucK*aveyegotonS' **Ony.a.ftrar/* ' Well, that's justTour pound nineteen shillings and twelvepence too much.' '''*' What' ?d^rer' meanP' ' Why, I means as 'ow Beach ain't got a ghost of a chance against the little 'un, and thatyou've bin aad throwed yer money right away.' ^Sow'dVer make tiiatput??' ?' Well, 111 tell ye. I know* &r; a fact as how Hanlan warnt in condition &e; last time when he rowed Beach, and they do say as bow Dan O'Connor had primed '*'? wid chamJMU'ne, and that the gals and married Women were mam arter 'fan, and is now for that matter ; and he went faking aboit all the time, and didn't train a bit, and that's Why helost the race. But iiere aint been none o* that Mad o' thing tiiis time, and there amt going to be any Tomki neither ; and I sees in to-day's BvSWiNaNEwS as ' 'ow a whole crowd of Yankees, with loaded r&- volvers, is going to see ' PAIB PI.AT THIS TIJtB. So you may bet that there's going to be a zaea this afternoon, and reckon you've lost your fiver.' ' _ And here the speaker laughe.d heanaly at the omnieoience he so liberally imput@d to himBfilf. His companion seemed ' touched on the raw,' and indignantly re torted, ' D ? rpt you're a talking, and «o mistake'; and 'then, after a moment's pause, he added, M I don't know as I do feel pretty sure about my money, and I'd' just as lief a backed Beach, as somehow I do believe really that he's a going to pull it orf.' A curious state of mind for a man to go and bet JBS against his own opinion! And yet this was done in thousands upon thousands of caM*s, and showed what an uncertainty surrounded Saturf day's contest, and what a powerful influence the Canadian's prestige exercised over the public mind. 