RECIPES. GINGER BEER WITHOUT YEAST.—Boil 1½lb bruised ginger in 3 gals. water half an hour, then add 20lb. white sugar, 1 pint lemon or lime juice, 1lb. honey, and 17 gals. water : strain through a cloth. When cold add the white of one egg, and ½ fluid ounce essence of lemon. After standing three or four days, bottle. SUPERIOR GINGER BEER.—Take 10lb. of sugar, 9oz. lemon juice, ¼lb. honey, 11oz. bruised ginger root, 9gals. water, 3 pints yeast. Boil the ginger half an hour in 1gal, water ; then add the rest of the water and the other ingredients, and strain it when cold. Add the white of an egg beaten, and ½oz, essence of lemon. Let it stand four days, then bottle, and it will keep many months. LEICESTERSHIRE PIE.—Cut three pounds of pork in square pieces—fat and lean in equal proportions ; season with pepper and salt, and a small quantity of chopped sage leaf, and set this aside on a plate ; next make two pounds of hot water paste, using fresh hog's lard instead of butter for the purpose ; and, with this paste line a piemould, pre- viously greased instead with butter, fill up the pie with the seasoned pork, cover it in with paste, cut the edge even, pinch it, egg it over the top, and bake it for about an hour and three quarters. DEVONSHIRE PIE.—Make two pounds of short paste as follows :—To a pound of flour add the yolks of two eggs, half a pound of butter, half-an-ounce of salt (or less if there is salt in the butter), and half a pint of water ; mix the whole into a firm, compact paste. With this paste line a buttered oblong tin mould ; fill the pie with alternate slices of griskin of pork, or bacon, and apples ; season between each layer with chopped onion, pepper and salt, and chopped sage leaves ; pour in a little good gravy ; cover over the top with paste, weld it round the edge, cut it even, pinch it round, egg it over, and bake it for about an hour and a-half. "IN an article defining the question to which attention should be given this year," observes our London correspondent, "the Pall Mall Gazette gives special prominence to that of Imperial Federation, and urges that ' the first, the simplest, and the most momen- tous step that can be taken in this direction is the constitution of a Colonial Council, composed of the accredited representatives of the self-governing colonies now in this country, who should be attached to the Sec- retary of State for the Colonies, as the Indian Council is attached to the Indian Office, for purposes of consultation. The High Commissioner for Canada, the agents- general for the Cape and the Australasian colonies, with whom there might afterwards be associated nominated representatives of the West African settlements sind the West Indies, would, it is contended, form a most useful consultative council for Lord Derby, and no colonial questions, or questions relating to the Empire as a whole, should be settled by the Cabinet, before having been formally submitted by the Colonial Secretary to this council for advice. Another measure to be taken this year in the same direction is the inclusion of colonial representatives on the Royal Commission that will be appointed to report upon the question of how British naval, supremacy should be maintained. A third measure is the formal recognition of the colonies, as fields for emigration, by the appointment of a mixed Home and Colonial Emigration Commission, to superintend and to facilitate the emigration of crofters, and others from the congested districts of the old country to the wide expanse of fertile land held in trust for the English race by British settlements beyond the sea.'" THE TWO following stories from the colonies are said to be in circulation in London :— "One evening, in the principal gold-mining camp in the Transvaal, nine or ten years ago, a man, partially Intoxicated and supposed to be actuated by jealousy, attempted suicide. He first took morphia ; but this not proving strong enough, he tried to hang himself, but was prevented, and handed over to the Shelia, to bc kept in safe custody for the night, and to be tried before the Acting Gold Commissioner (a shrewd and solemn Scot) the next morning. As there was no law to have prevented him from committing suicide if he thought fit, but it being desirable to punish him some way, it was decided to bring a charge of drunkenness and disorderly conduct against him. To this the prisoner pleaded guilty, whereupon the Acting Gold Com- missioner, without the ghost of a smile, de- livered the following extraordinary judg- ment :—"Mr.—I shall fine ye twa punds for your drunkenness ; but I'll just gie ye to understand that I ken vera weel what ye attempted to dae, and had ye succeeded in your attempt, your punishment would have bin vera much more severe than it is !" Whilst in British Columbia a miner appeared as witness in a Court of Justice, and the Judge, not satisfied with his answers, angrily told him he was "prevaricating."—"Can't help it, Judge," said the unabashed miner. " Can't help it !", said the Judge, " Why, what do you mean ?" "Just so, Judge, three years ago I was 'packing' in Idaho, and one of them tarnal mules reached out and tuk out three of my front teeth, and I've prevaricated ever since !" In connection with these it may be asked to what colonial Judge does the re- ported Hibernicism belong ? Who is the Judge who once told a witness to " held his tongue and give his evidence clearly." 