THE "HOLLY AND 171" OIKK B* J. KHB&AIT.; " Com, buy my nice freshJvy, and my hoBy sprig so greet*; I have the finestbwraohea that eve* yet wars seen. . Come buy from me, good Christians, and lei me home, I pray. And I'll wish you ' Merry Christinas tunes, and a happy New Tear's Day.' "Ah! won't ytra take my ivy P—the loveliest ever seen! , „ Ah! won't yon have my holly boughs ?—au you who love the green ! Do! take a little bunoh of eaoh, and on my knees Til pray That God may .bless you* Christmas, ana be with you New Year's Day. " This wind is bleak and bitter, and the hailetonee do not spare My shivering form, my bleeding feet, and stiff, 6ntangled hair j': Thee, when the skies are pitiless, be merciful, I eej— So heayea will light your Christmas and the coming Hew .Year's Day." 'TWM thug a dying maiden sung, while the cold hail rattled down, And fierce winds whistled mournfully o'er Dublin's dreauy town-— One stiff hand clutched her ivy sprigs and holly boughsBO fair, With the other she kept brushing the haildrops from her hair. So grim and statue-like she seemed, j'twss evident that Death Was larking in her footsteps—while her hot, impeded breath Too plainly told her early doom—though the burden of her lay Was still of life and Christmas joys and a happy New Year's Day. 'Twos on the broad, bleak Thomas- street I heard the wanderer sing; I stood a moment in the mire, beyond '.the ragged ring— My heart Kit oold and lottely, atid toy thoughts were far away, Where I was many a Christmaa-tideJ tad happy New Year's Day. I dreamed of wanderings in the wtidds among the holly green; I dreamed of my own native cot and porch with ivy'feoreeh; Idrea&ed; of Hghts for ever dimm'd—of hopes that -can't returned dropped a tear en ChristniaaS&res; that never mora can turn. The ghost-tike singer still sang on, but? no one dame to buy; The iiHrrying orowd passed to and fro, but did not heed her ory. She uttered one low, pieroing groan—then cast her boughs away— And, smiling, cried—" I'll rest with God before the New Year's Day!" Oa New Year's Day I sold my prayers above a new made grave, Dag decently .in sacred soil, by Lifltey'a murmuring wave; The minstrel'maid from earth to heaven has winged her' hap~py way; Atid nott efajoys, with sister saints, fin endless N6w Yeafr'ri Day. WELLS' "I&CSH; ON Canus." — Aak for Wei la' " Bough on Corns." Qtiick relief, complete,permanent corfc." OoWtejWarts. bttMbnB. Felttm, 'Grim^arie & Go, Agents; Melbourne. I prefer WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS to- Brandy or Whisky—it is a more wholesome spirit, j 