V. IC. C. Autumn ütleettnir» FIRST DAY-SATURDAY, FKHRUABY 28. FLEMINGTON, Saturday. HKAVY rain sot in on Friday afternoon, and during the night, the downpour Increased, and tho course waa heavy-going. Essendon Stokes, 1J mile.-'.'ommotion 1, Malua 2, Reginald il. Plauslblo, Off Colour, and Metal also Btarted. Betting : Commotion ft to 4, Malua 4 to 1, Off Colour ¡I to 1. Inside the half-milo past, the favourite drew lovel with Plausible, and lend into the straight, and despite tho determined rush of Malua, tho favourite won easily by four lengths nmid great exoitemcnt. A head sopurated Off Colour and Plausible Time, 2inin. 47Jsco. Ascot Vale Stakes, three-quarter mile.-Uralla, 1, Monte Christo. 2, Dunlop, il. The other starters were Antonio, Buttress, and Lady Claudia. Bet- ting : fi to 4 Monto Christo. .') to 1 »bout Uralla. After a short delny tho half dozen wero sont away nicely on their journey. Insido tho course proper Antonio held a slight advantage, but quickly gave way to tho favourite, who looked a winner nil over at the distance ; but. Hales having cased to perse- vere with Monte Christo, Uralla came up very fast and just beat tho favourite. Dunlop was a bod third. Then came Lady Claudia. Buttress was last. Timo, 2min. IJaecs.' The spectators expressed themselves very foroibly at tho mun uer in whioh Hales roda the favourite. They hooted and yelled out their disapproval. . i St. Leger Stakes, 1} miles and 122 yards. Mr Brandi's Silver King, by First King-Senorita (imp.), 1,- David 2, Mozart il, Tremando O. Betting : 6 to 4 on Silver King, S to 1 against David and Mozart, Mozart jumped to tho front, bnt gave way to David and Silvor King before they reached tho stand. The latter pair lcd past tho grand stand.' When rounding tho river turn, David held a length's advantage over the favourite. Tremando was last. Muon the samo order was maintained until tho trainers' sheds wore roached, where Mozart and Tremando, who had been running in tho rear, closed up. At the hajf-~,jltí PJS' Silver King and David wore to»«""*- Once in tho straight the favourite away from his horses, and won oom*''"''11 "O' hy a length hom David, who wi« " "eek »way from Mozart, and a longth from Tremando. Time, Ilmin. !l2}sco. NKWMAHKET HANDICAP, J milo. '. , Mr D. Bobortson'HCoronot, ¡iyrs, 7st (Crnoknoll)..'. 11 A. Harvey's Midillemnren, 4yrs, Sst 41b 2 R, Talbot's Sheet Anohor, «yrs, 7st 71b.'. ,8 Tho other starters wore-Welcome Jack, Garfield. Battalions, Sir Garnet, Blink Bonny, Prometheus, Conningsby, Duenna. Topaz, The. Ghost, Mistake, Amelia Victoria, Salvo, St. John, Alphabet, Veloci- pede, Mascotte, Town Moor, Lavington. Xantippe, Bohemian, Hannibal,' Surrey. Westbury, Mario Louise, Lcporello, and Claudine ' '' ? "" Betting : ft to 1 against Coronet, 8 to I Slr Garnet nnd Fromothcus. 12 to I Battailous, lr, toi Shoot Anchor, 20 to 1 Middlomarch and Lcporello. 25 to 1 Salvo. '''.''' Considerable delay occurred at tho post, owing to tho lato arrival of Coronet and Coningsby, and tho frequent '. breaks away " .by Mascotte and Sir Garnet. The flag tall to a good start, with the exception of Velocipede, who was left at the post. Tho first to show out from tho rank was Garfield, Duenna, Sir Garnet, Battailous. Sheet Anchor and Middlomarch. Crossing tho tan Mascotte, Westbury. Sir Garnot, Tho Ghost, Sheet Anchor, and Coronet were on tho rails. Town Moor was most conspicuous. Op|xwite tho carriage paddock, Sir Garnet swerved, and Coronet changed his position, whiloHnnnibullookcddangerous Insido tho distance, Coronet slightly headed his field, and at the half-distance, Middlomaroh and Sheet Anchor on tho inside, challenged tho leader, but it was of no avail. Tho favourite won comfortably by three quarters of a longth from Middlomarch. There was the saino distunco from Sheet Achor, and a length from Tho Ghost, who was fourth. Leporcllo and Slr Garnet wore togolhcr. Then cnino Salvo, Town Moor, and Topaz. The last threo woro Alphabet, Mistake and Velocipede. Time, I min. lill seo. Tho Hopeful Stakes.-Juanna (Hutchins), 1 ; Girofla (Dovanoy), 2 ¡ Sunny Days (.O'Brien), 3. Snake* in India killud 20,007 people, tlser» klllod 095. Ou thu other Bide 412,78:: ?linkes woro doBtrorod, and lll,8»0 wild animals. 174,3.K1 ruiwes were paid Iii rewards. Mr lt. A. Proctor «uj«, thutln muía mid plnnots.nud in fnct all tho orb», there ure BUIKOH uf existence, ukin *".i¡¡'. 1"U**Í3 ot lifu; a period of routh, midlife doco^-. ?"«* anally tho end ?»r life. Jupiter anil Saturn, h», insiders, are bot) In tho «tate of planoturr lifo. botu ,"orB youthful than th« 0llfuhkan»"° "'tr (U.S.) tulsa i* only brlunlug; tho growor 14 ewes (7d) por bushel, und ls bolug used ns fuel. 