. DIOCESE OF BALLARAT. (From our own Correspondent.) On the Feast of Whitsunday there was Pontifical High Mass, his Lordship the Bishop being celebrant, Rev. Professor P. Delany deacon, and the Rev. John.J. Cleary sub-deacon. His lordship was met at the main entrance of the cathedral by the deaoon and Biib-deacon (vested), cross-bearer, and acolytes. During the procession through the nave to the throne Chevalier Fittapaldl (the organist) played a processional march of his own oompositipn. After the post-communion the Rev. Professor Delany, of All Hallows Mission-' ary College, Dublin, ascended .the pulpit and preached ah eloquent sermon on the Gospel of the Day. He said the Holy Spirit, who descended visibly on the disciples assembled in prayer, came to give form and life to theChuroh. He oame with a new aid to salvation in constituting this Church. For the Holy Ghost had been always with mankind. He had constituted our first parents in a supernatural state, and It WBB He inspired them with penance and restored them to the friendship of their Creator. And so, too, from that time onwards, this Holy. Spirit never failed to whisper holy thoughts and. breathe salutary resolves into every man who honestly sought to fplfil his destiny. Broadly considered, this had been the plan and mode of salvation for the human race before the visible desoent of the Holy GhoBt on the Feast of Pentecost.. Apart from the echoes whloh still lingered of : the primitive revelation—apart, too, from isolated interpositions, as In the esse of the Jewish people—mankind were treated through the individual. Every Individual had received sufficiently of this Holy Spirit for his salvation. Thus it was man's own fault when, in thB fullness of time, all, Jew and Gentile alike, stood guilty before God.. Here the new dispensation of Divine charity reveals Itself. The wickedness of individnal men' had soon necessitated & Torin of society which we call the State. Most of what goes to make up; the State organisation is simply needed to protect individual wtizens against the attacks of their fellows. Indireptly it becomes. a requisite to fully develppe the capabilities of its members. When it sad experience toade mankind 'bbnsclous of its oWn helplessness, the Altnightf ih His condescension took up this remedy which is so largely dne to manfs own ,*in. . His incarnate Son cpme and {^inted pnt the, Ptffh to life, and then promised f that a kingdom—a State which should embrace t^e whole world' in jts uHitiy^wc bnld'fcr established* a kingdoib iiftti6e' J «bak't6r •terms should be His reveAf tloni its laws apd adnwijtrattop, PfPm^^S?^ •Jerpetuateff by th% Immeawto wfion ol. ifye Holy'bhMt. • Tiiis* <w$ to 1 be therafug^bfsalratidn/^^^staned r the ' visible • fbrm^ <«iri' olyi Spirit took: it np, lior'i itj is< hat oity!,rng>oniffs the<. iaibl ?, :to aU ^/wiU^gf, bemuse, n ftp pitiunshij),.inen ^re Jolie.fjav^, Having dwelt at some length on tha happiness of being a member of this Church, which is securely preserved and guided by the Holy Ghost, and in which every relation reminds as and helps tu on toward God, the preacher went on to show that the Kingdom of Christ was always engaged in a struggle of conquest—conquering by patient endurance and heroic charity. He had always an eye for new acquisitions whereever God's law was being ignored! This brought bim to the subjeot of hli own mission to these colonies. They knew that some forty years ago the College of All Hallows' had been founded to educate missionaries, and of tbe twelve hundred who have gone forth from It several hundreds bad been, and still are labouring in these colonies. All Hallows^ had sent very many priests to England Scotland, the United States, Canada' the West Indies, and to the Argent tine Republio, to South Africa, the Mauritius, and to tbe East Indies In fact; It would be difficult to name an Englieh- epeaking settlement in which the students of All Hallows' have not been, and are not still, labouring to save souls. The origin of this institution bore the impress of tbe finger of God. A young priest in Dublin, remarkable indeed for great zeal, felt himself haunted with a thought which troubled him almost to death. He got a vivid conception of the spiritual destitution of Irish emigrants away in strange lands, and he felt that the good priests and people of Ireland wonld come to tbeir aid if a college were started for missionaries, and he had an unbounded faith in the generosity of Irish youth to supply the vocations. Then he felt called as to a special duty to raise this college, and feeling his powerlessneBB, and knowing, too, the ways of God in His Church, Fr. Hand knelt down before his crucifix at midnight in bis room at Phibsboro', and offered up to God all be had, and his life as a sacrifice if needful, to realise this idea. The sacrifice was accepted, but not at once. Difficulties melted before him. Dr. Murray and Daniel O'Connell encouraged him to go to Rome. He went, and obtained the formal approbation of Propaganda, by which All Hallows' is placed under the immediate protection of that sabred Congregation. He bad audience and encouragement of the Holy Father. He returned to Ireland, opened, tbe college, and in three years, just when all necessary organisation had been completed by himself, and that he had shown an example to bis co-operatorB of a hardworking servant of God, be passed away, not yet forty years old. His death was an irreparable loss to All Hallows', bnt it has, nevertheless, grown apace, and, in the meantime,/has sent forth more priests than any other missionary college in tbe Catholic world, the College of Propaganda even not excepted. It is now a solid institution, with an historic position. But missionary needs are multiplying, and, at the same time, All Hallows' could get four or five, times the number, of students it has if there were accommodation. This is a very pressing matter. But a few weeks since Cardinal Simeoni urged it very strongly on Fr. Delany and his brother priest who acoompanies him, seeing, as he said, that the present eonsoription laws in Italy and France_have all but drained the missionary sources of those (krantries. "Yesterday," said his Eminence, "I was asked for one hundred priests, and could not give one. I can oinly look with hppe to Ireland and Belgium." He has given a warm recommendation to them, addressed to the pastors of these colonies, and the Holy Father, in special audience, was equally earnest on the neceissity of .further developing the College. ' He authorised them to state that he grants a special ApoBtolio blessing to all who, contribute towards this end. The directors of All Hallows'have immediately undertaken to linild a new addition at a cost of some twenty thousand pounds; qrid considering that the priests and people at home have hitherto-done / most of the work of AH Hallows', the direotors now oome to those for whom they haye been working' His lordship Dr. Btoore, who received his education—as well ai most of ,the priests of this diocese—at All Hkllow^',ias entered heart afid' soul into' tfais work. His lordship, iii addition to Jmbny other services that* he has rendered the Cjollege. npw,gives tbe.prjnpely donatipp., of. ^fty pounds. T - ^ thehex tweet, ortwo, to ball on W Oattdlu _ ,dlviffu«ai& ! MsrfdV have^Reason t&tijfif;: to ow tbat they will «tana generously bv ' Hallows'; Before; concluding. Fh -y rmenUoned Ihat [there is a daily Was also rendered. Ji .VJMrrcfi The Chevalier Fittapaldi presided at the o a c u i. There were Pontifioal Vespers in the evening! his lordship the Bishop officiating. An 0 Salvlarit by Weise, wd Tanium ergo by Bosri (the latter being sung by Messrs. S. Wrigley and The nsaal fortnightly meeting of the town members of the St. Patrick's Total Abstinence Society was held on Wednesday, 20th May; the Rev. G. Doyle (president) in the ohair. The treasurer reported credit in bank £4 0s. 2d. The rev. president spoke at some length on tbe many advantages to be gained by being a member of the society. He said that there was no nutriment in drink— intoxicating liquors were not necessary, nay, were injurious to health, as witness the highest medical authorities all over the world on this subject. The pledge was a help to most people; to others it was indispensable for the salvation of their souls, as also for the oomfort of home life. Some very well rendered reoitations and songs were then given by Mesdames Maher, Oooney, Conners, Lynoh, end Mnllins, and Messrs. J. Maher, T. Barrett, J. Healy, and Thos. Mitchell. Tbe secretary annonnqed that the first meeting in June would commence at half-past 7 p.m. and would olose at 9 p.m. The uBual fortnightly meeting of tbe H.A.C.B. Society, Ballarat No. 2 Branob, was held in tbe Library Hall, Dawson-street, on the 21st May; Bro. J. Meeban (president) in the chair. One member was balloted for and initiated, and one candidate was proposed for membership. A member was expelled for being guilty of condnotnot becoming a member of tbe society. The weekly meeting of the Catholic Young Men's Society was held on Friday evening; Mr. J. Meehan, vice-president, in the chair. Three new members were elected, and three more nominated for membership. The secretary reported that the rules revised by the Reorganising Committee would be ready for distribution among the members on the next night of meeting, and they would come into force on the first meeting in June. Mr. E. Donaghy addressed the members in reference to the Chevalier Fittipaldi's singing class,explaining the benefits to be derived therefrom. He spoke at some length on the civilising power of music, and concluded by saying that he hoped a number of the members present would join the class. Several other members also spoke in the same strain, after which a number of the members handed in their names. A warm discussion arose on he subject of re-forming the Dramatic Club and it was finally decided that a new dramatic committee be formed, to be elected on next meeting night, and that rehearsals be commenced immediately. The special business of the evening, "Prepared Speeches," had to be postponed owing to the lateness of the hour. The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the ohair. 