'I THE ARTIST'S STORY. I'~it' pior artist, and it may be that iay only chance of fame lies with the strange tale I am about to toll. In the Autumn of last year, at the ime when my unfortunate brethren wer returning from the summer campai . I was sitting over the portrait of some well to-do workman, a member of a portrait club' to which I was painter-in-ordinary. It seemed a hopeless task trying to put expression and feeling into the face of a man'born into the world' 'half-and-half' a man whose most vivid experience in the realms of sweetness and light was the -weekly free-and-easy at the neighbouring Pig and Whistle. I struggled on with the cheap photograph before me, ghastly in realism, a sodden faced vorkman done to the life by a Eustob Road photographer, till I was wearied out. I could paint no longer. Thie whole air of my room seemed im pregnated with the pudding-faced me chanic with his pig eyes. I lighted my pipe, and burying my face in my hands, sat before the fire till the light had waned and the fire had flickered its last. Suddenly I was aroused by a tap at-my door, and some one entered. At the-time I seemed to feel a sudden shock, a strange undefined fear, but I only attributed it to my overtaxed brain and tired eyes.- Though the new comer was unknown; he made no re. mark, but walked straight up to the portrait -of- tht pig.faced workman, looked at it a ew secondk, and then turning sudden, upon m as I stood somewhat astonished bythe fire, he said, 'you paint portraits, you must paint mine.' As he s4id this he turned upon me, and the lIst flicker of the firelight showed me a' face pale almost to death, the features handsome, but the whole effect overshaded by eyes that absolutely burned. Their sole expres sion seemed to me their intensity, of what Icould'not then define, but I had never. seen such eyes before, and I know that I can. neverLagain, It was no gleam of sudden passiotl, bt a fixed fre burning unchangingly, Few words were spoken; I wits toot astbnished, he evidently disinclined to converse. I ws's to commence at once, he curtly intimated; so I produced a canvas, and tay strange sitter composed himself, and On I worked, it may lave been for two botfrs. -.There he sat immovable, his deathly face fixed like marble; the gleam ij his eyes never changed, no muscble of his frame showed a quiver; but I could at last work no longer ; an undefined dread seized me-I know not what-but I could paint him no more; - and yet a terrible fascination had impelled me. I had never worked faster or done better work than` I had just completed. In those two hours I had?c?ompletely mastered his face; only the eyes I had failed to catch; they were- beyoid my poor prowess. I threw down ? my'r-brush, and with a forced \- lauglassid- ' You are a good model, sir; you sit well.' . . He rose silently, looked at the canvas an instant, with the words ' To-morrow, same time,' was gone. I breathed more freely; what it was I could not say, but I did not like my hew patronu-and yet it might be mere fancy'-' I tried to argue with myself, I ivas?overworked,, tired out, had eaten little, thip.pig.faced workman had an noyed ine, but all to no purpose: the dread 'as ever present. What did he Want his portrait for? Why didn't he leave his name? Why come to me? Who sent him ' Thousands of other such questions kept cropping up, How. ever, I went to bed, but not to sleep. The little garrett I had over a mews seethed strangely uncomfortable; I coulid not close my eyes; the wind howid .in gusts down the yard, and borde shets of rain against my window; the paine rattled, and the noise of the few '.ael rich came home late in the me? ?~i o'uhilded strange and ?tneanny borne aon thel gustty wind; the ifttle of Sthe wheels and plhsh of the rain mixed ipt?tit m' y wim hing dreams, and thlre pale fai·e of my sitter ever and anon seemed to come across the uncertain light thrown from ;the lamps in the yard below, and those eyes gleamed again in each reflected cab .light that shone fromn the haze and steam below. It was an .awful nigiht, and yet I was more fr4ghtenied at myself than at my sitter, I fdaredl was going to be ill to die in that garrett alone, lMen have done so, and their bones have been found .some:monthlii afterwards when the la dlord came for sis rent. I was golnig tad; Ii must'get tsp and work; so I dressed, set my palette, and began again at my friend the workman; I could snot look on my last work. I turned'its face to the wall, it seimed to disquiet me,. I worked till I was tired out. Sleep came uat last; aind the next ioriinig "I awoke the past night seemed a dream and indistinct, but there was the unfinished portrait to remind me of itsreality, Hard wocrk Is a fine a itddoto:for thei mogrims, and by tho IVonhig I had rt&ovtred; my usutal spirits. Punctual to the moment my strange sitter arrived, and I went on at his deadly face, with its stern look and steady eyes, with more composure than I should have thought possible. I was getting used to him. He was only an ecceountric-nothing more-and if he did not choose to talk, why, I supposed he had good reasons for being silent, and I held my tongue also. In a few days the face was finished. I flattered my self it was fairly good, the eyes were the only thing I couldn't size. How ever, "by patron seemed satisfied, paid me, said he would ask me to keep the portrait for some months, as he was going away, and departed. Brother artists who came in considered it by far the best thing I had done, and advised me to send it to the Academy. There seemed no harm in this, so I decided to put a back ground in and try my luck at the next exhibition. Just about then it was the fashion to put fancy back. grounds to figures, so I looked among my sketches for one suitable to my ec centric friend. I pitched on a sketch I had done years before in the Bernese Oberland, a wild craggy ravine, sombre and precipitous, just the sort of thing to go with such a sad, stern face. The picture got hung on a line, and attrac ted considerable attention; on all sides I was congratulated, After the exhibi tion had been open a few weeks I re ceived a letter, unmistakably legal, asking me to give the writer a call at my earliest convenience at his office. I at once went to the address given, which was in one of those old courts which still exist side by side with their more modern twelve-storey brethern. The lawyer received me with a grave face. ' You are Mr, M'Gilp, I believe ?" he said. I assented. 4 f' And you are the painter of ' a Portrait No. 070,' in the Academy?' I acknowledged my work. , May I ask, Mr. M'Gilp, who was the original for that portrait, and how long it has been painted ?' Seeing my, hesitation he added, ' This is a serious affair, and I trust you will pardon my seeming inquisitiveness. I then told him of my mysterinus sitter, and how he had gone awayA aid left neither name nor address. Can you give me the exact date When he first came ?' I can, for I made an entry in my diary; it was November 8.' 'You are quite certain"?' ' Perfectly.' ' Can you tell me what made you put a back ground on the picture ?' SNo. I was in the Bernese. Ober land a few years back, and made a sketch; which, for the want of something better, I put in.' ' Thank you, Mr, M'Gilp. I am much obliged. Good morning.' I said good morning, and found my. self outside, wondering what it all meant. Why so many questions? What could that fusty old lawyer want ? The whole affair was mysterious, I wish I had asked some questions. However, I soon forgotmy mysterious sitter and the inquisitive old lawyer in the press of work which the picture of his face had brought me. One morning, reading the morning papers, I came across the following paragraph: 'Sensational Trial in Switzerland, A most extraordinary trial is now at tracting considerable attention on the Continetit. It appears that last summer Captain V'reker and his wife were tra velling in the Bernese Oberland, Cap. tain Vereker went out one morning from his hotel for a short walk, leaving his wifa at home. He never returned. Seatch was made, but no trace of his body could bh discovered, and after soer' time it was concluded that' he must have slipped down a crevasse. It was remarked at the time that he was on bad terms with his wife, who mar ried with indecent haste a certain Count Ragats. The affair, which excited much talk in the distriot, was forgotton, and Captain Vereker's friends gave up the search. One of them, however, in going through the Academy this year in London, observed a most striking likeness of his frieid. He made inquir ies, and to his horror discovered that the portrait had been painted three months after the death of Captain Vaer eker. The artist was questioned on the subject, but could give no explanation of the strapge affair, the most striking thing aboeit which was that the 'back. ground'of the picture was a sketch of the very Aistrict in which the ill-fated Captain disappeared. His friends, d termined to sift the matter, came over to St. Alitz, and, searching the exact place of the sketch, discovered the body, with a 'rusty da? mbeddedded in the ribs of the murdered man. The dagger was at once identified as the propertyof the Count Rlagatz, who is now on his trial for the murder of Captain Vere. her. A latrter telegram in the same paper announced that Captain 1eagats had confessed his guilt, and had been sen tencee to death. I lhad painted a ghost I 