Coffs Harbour Races. We are indebted to the hon. secretary (Mr. T. Martin) of the race committee for the following account : These races, advertised to take place on the 12th, were postponed to the following day on account of the rain, which set in on Thursday night, and came down in torrents, proving a great blessing for all, as rain was badly wanted here. Saturday being more favourable for sport, though cloudy and a little showery, the racing attracted a large attend- ance (between 400 and 500 persons) to our new course, which is situated about half a mile from the town, in a large plain near the beach. These were the first races ever held in Coffs Harbour, and proved a great success, considering the short time which tho committee had got to make the necessary arrangements. For every race there was a fair field of horses, and a very keen competition for the first place. The following are the results : Tho Blnidcn Plate, of G sovs., with a sweep of live shillings each to go to tho second horse, for all horses that havu never won an advertised prijo up to the timo of entry. Penalties for wiuning thorr-afior : onco, ûlbs ; twloe, lOlbs. 11 miles, weight for ago. Mr. John Eastman's Trade Mark. 1 Mr. M'Louglan'a Flora . 2 Mr. Connor's Sweetheart. 3 Six saddled up for this event, which gave anothor instance of the glorious uncertainty of horse- racing. After thc scratching of Milo, which was posted on tho courso about un hour previons to the timo of starting. Flora was established a decided favourite, but Trodo Mark won after a hard struggle District Purse, of 0 sovs., with a sweep of five shillings each to go to the second horse, for all horses to bo the fnma Jtiti property of persons residing between ltully and Woolgoolga for a poriod of thrue months previous to tho day of entry ; ownership to exist for the samo period. I mlle ; welter weight for age. Five faced tho starter for this raoc, and Barbellc, who was the most fancied, won after a good race. A protest wns.entorcd by the ownor of Hogan's Ghost (who Sassed the post fourth) against tho three plnoed orees, on tho ground that the nominators had not complied with tho conditions of Ute race. The protest waa upheld by tho committee, and the prim awarded to Hogan's Ghost. Tho owner of tho last horse refused to take tho sweep as second prlie. Coffs Harbour Handicap, of 15 sovs., with a sweep of 10s each to go to tho second horse,;,. 1} miles. . . . ! ; ! *-,,.:-»: Mr. Owen Hynes' Radical, 8st. Mr. W. C'avnnagh'a Wayfarer, Sit lOlbs. 2 Mr. T. Henry's Milo, Hst ?lba _. 8 This was considered tho roca or tho elsy, and to lovers of horse-raoing was certainly a treat. Five went to tho post, ana after OB» false start the lot was dispatched on even terms. Stockdale at onoe took up tho running, olosoly followed by Lillydale, tho rest in tho following order-Wayfarer,1 Milo, mid Radical. Very little alteration took placo round the back of tho course, but on coming Into tho straight Milo forged ahead; Iuunodintoly after passing ¿ha stand, Stockdale made another attempt to get to tho front, but tho etlort was too much, nnd ho died away. The condition of Radical and Wayfarer began to toll, for thoy separated from the others, and went togother, several lengths to tho front. From this out It vas u toss up between the* pair, cooli led inj tor», and finally Radical passed tba post a nose in front of Wayfarer, who finished Uko a raaohoreo.- Milo was three longths behind, and Stockdale last. Pony Itnco, of 4 sovs., with a swoop of lia bach to go to tho Booond' horse. For all pontes fourteen hands and undor.' } milo j weight,'.Sst. 'Five started, nnd Maud was considered a certainty; but could only get second. Mr. M'Atoor's pony Prince of Wales (scarcely 13 hands ,high) como in an easy winner., ., , ..' ., . .. , Tho Trotting Raw, ll miles. Tills evont was stripped of most of Its in toroa t by Mr. M'Mohon's horse Unala Tom going (In grand style) at onco to tho front, and winning as ho likud, 100 yards ahead J of the othor four starters, -, Hr, T. Tcrard's Snip wassecond. > , i;!'. ' . '; '' Tho Open Handicap, of 5 sovs., with a sweep of 5s cooli to go to tho socond horse. For oil' horses that have started dnrlng the'meeting, 1 milo. Mr. O. Hynes' Radical, Sst lOlbs. . 1 Mr. T. Henry's Milo, 7st «lbs. 2 Four started ' for' this ? event, which furnishod anothor good race Wayfarer was considered a good thing hy tho takers of odds, but unfortunately ho bolted boforo tho race, and got away through tho bush, and could not ba got In tima to start. After n splondid moo, Radical caught tho judge's oyo, bcnllng Milo by n short neck. Th lu cnilcd tho duy's sports, with which every- body Boomed pleased. Thu sottling took placa In tho evening, nt Mr, F. Campbell's Crlokoters' Arms, nnd ppes'.sl off satisfactorily. Tho usual toasts were drunk, and henrtily responded to. ~ '. ... i \y 