EVENINGS AND MORNINGS IN THE BUSH. BY "PBUIETEE." [The learned Recorder's learned lady wife, and the reason why she oomes on our Btage —Her maxima and her philosopy of life— The Anglioan parson who was an Anglioan Oatholio, and how he oaught his Tartar— The religious risk of playing with Oatholio cards—"Was God ever not God—Man without Memory or Will, and the mental isolation thereby caused—The Unitarian God with One Person.*] IT was onoe my advantageous lot to dwell in a oertain town with a certain lady. The books of the Registrar-General stated that on a oertain day of a oertain month in a oertain year of my residence in this uncertainly indicated town an inventory was taken of the number of the "repelling •ex—as the great poet of Ireland calls it—whioh had slept, or were supposed to have slept, on a oertain night in the said year within the walls of that ancient town, and the number was 16,347. Consequently, the lady alluded to was not the only member of the " repelling" sex who inhabited the town when I also was one of its inhabitants. But «mong the whole 15,347 this was the paragon femininity of the "repelling" population counted in the census. Such, at least, was the (official) belief of the head oonstable of the borongh, and of the town clerk, and of the town orier, for the lady was the wife of his Hononr the town's highly respeoted reoorder. In the (municipal) estimation of these dignitaries, his Honour's lady-wife was up to the jurisprudential level of Ooke and Lyttleton, and even to the sublimities of all tbe constellations in the Zodiac, while, at the same time, she was down to the buttons and hooks and eyes on the Blurts and frocks of the 341 gutter children and gamins who attended her Model Ragged Sobool in the nnholiest " purlin " of the borough under her learned Recorder's jurisdiction. So wonderfully graduated was the lady's genius, that there was nothirg too lofty or too little for its ken; so much so, that it was surmised by the town offioers aforesaid that, in oases " remanded for sentence " by the conscientious Recorder when presiding in his Court, the learned lady sometimes deoided after dinner at home the measure of punishment to be awarded. This laat, like most rumours, could never be traoed to its soandaloua origin; but, nevertheless, the lady was a lady of keen observation and fearless powers of self-relianoe. No one will, therefore, be disappointed at hearing that she had written a poem in praise of the "Pleasures of Algebra," and a «< Cookery Book for the Back Slums." She had also oonstruoted a new system of sooial philosophy based upon her own speculations, on all she had wen and had not seen, as she looked out from her kitohen windows, and from her parlour windows, which were over her kitohen, and from her drawing-room windows, whioh were over her parlour, and from her nursery windows, whioh were over her drawing-room. From these watch towers the lady had looked out on life and moralised, and laid down laws, and formed inaximB, and deduoed dogmas for the people of all nations, whioh, if adopted, would soon transform even Utopia into a pandemo-I should say, paradise, though the felioities of the blissful plaoe did not exolnde FooLj. From the lady's apothegms I select tne following as specimens:— 1. " The life of a oabman's horse is liberty Mia repose when compared with the life of a married woman." 10. "Thebabhelor who is constantly boasting of his ability in discerning the character of woman always marries an idiot, if there is one anywhere within 100 miles of him." 19. AmtaJli^T 116^ m^ h°P 6 Australia, and marry rich squatters." out to 21. " An ngly man has tbe best chanoe with a handsome woman." 23. " If you want a goose, take the rich widow who marries a booby without a sixpence." 25. " If yon wish to find out the extent of your husband's temper, let baby squall on. 27. " Beware of playing cards with those who have religious opinions to propagate. My M a !. vina ™> entrapped into the il a 8 ** of this last maxim that I have introduced the Reoorder of and his learned spouse. She was a very sv<«orwoman, and read at least two papen ^J 1 8 BBITISH SOCIAL SCIENCE ASSOCIATION. She was present at its meetings in Binning, bwn in • 1857» when she oharmed the late Irtwd Brougham by her lively wit and her f^ule nse_ of legal phraseology in, repartee. She was the daughter of an eminent pleader who t instructed her in " the language of the Inns of Ooutt.", fihe is no longer a-aojourner In the Vale of Tombs,, and thrworthy Recorder, too, is gone; but she left 'that warning word behind her, Beware of playing round games with Catholic bishops. Her sister was ensnared by one of them at cards. Bnt then you must play with extreme patienoe, taot, and self- oontrol. If you attempt to foroe the conversation in the direction you wish to go, you will be met by a sort of resistance whioh will speedily end in yonr hopeless repulse. You must adroitly pique the controversial vanity or pride of your non-Catholio partner or adversary, and draw him or her on by that moBt agreeable species of flattery, the full and ready recognition of all that is really good in their cause. If you argue only to confute, you will never oonvinoe. If you are vehement, and voluble, you will will gain nothing but the aversion of those you fancy yonr eloquence will confound and vanquish. Your aim shall be to hold on gently to your antagonist's statements or admissions, and make him or her see what is in them, and how vapid or defective they are. But, if yon oannot discuss or discourse without hot looks and high words, never open your lips on the subjeot of religion. I knew of an Anglican clergyman who met with, or was said to have met with, the Right Reverend Dr. B at an evening party in Cheltenham. The Anglioan parson was, in his own opinion, aCatholio, and would prove it, to the "Romanist" bishop's complete dissatisfaction. The Romanist bishop was very affable, very polite, very deferential, but also very Socratic in proposing questions, and proposed so many that the Anglican clergyman couldn't answer them. He had, in fact, caught a polemioal Tartar, and wad led off captive to Rome; and the parson's wife soon went after him. Our Reoorder'B lady-wife had left it further on reoord as a result of her own ooularity that, in sweethearting, one evening at oards is worth seven dress balls, with all their danoes and whirlings and whisperings and supper-table agaceries, if downright-serious love-making is the honest object of any of the brute creation. Cards open the gate of the heart to a bolder hope, and to more fearleBB vivaoity of speech, and to more familiar respectfulness whioh advanoes the love-making to an assured though unavowod understanding. Let all who would a-wooing go sit down as often as propriety will allow to a round game at cards with the object on whom their spoonyness has fixed ite fancy, and then mark tbe consequences. The Priest will soon be requested to settle the difference between the two card players, Now, although I had read Madam the Reoorderess' poem in praise of Algebra, I was unable fully to calculate from the eigne and symbols given by Mrs. Gwyder what was the cube of her sentiments towards Mr. Westerman as Mr. Westerman, yet I was sure she had reooiled in her internal spirit from him aB a Unitarian, and that, although her dogmatic apprehension of the doctrine of the Trinity was next to nil, yet her educational attachment to the words "Father, Son, and Holy Ghost" had received a refreshing and reviving douche from the conversation which had taken' plaoe, and that she had already resolved to continue what the Rev. Mr. Gwyder had left her—an undogmatic believer in the Deity, as she had always been accustomed. Not the faintest fragment of a thought ever entered her head of taking up the Creed of Athanasius as a Oatholio formula, and studying it from the Oatholio standpoint. She literally had no conception of what dogma was, but she had heard the Father,and the Son, and the Holy Ghost so oeaselessly referred to in sermons, and prayers, and books that the wrenoh whioh tore them away from her now would probably deprive her of her Congregational faith in Congregational Christianity. '' That illustration ef The Spark," she said, as she took up the cards to shuffle them, "has removed a perplexity which of late had troubled me. I could not oonoeive how God the Son oould he co-existent with God the Father. But here in the natural order we have Heat, Light, and Colour co-existent: none of the three is before or after the other. They all reveal themselves together. If the Heat or Fire in the Spark be tbe originating source of the Light, still the one is as soon as the other, and this natural truth I oannot understand. Why, then, need I doubt that the Son is co-existent with the Father ? Mr. Westerman, can yon tell me how the Fire or Heat in the Spark is not visible prior to the Light?" "The Heat and the Light are only properties of the Spark, and properties are not persons," said Mr.Westerman. " The difficulty rests there. The Father, as a person, must exist before the Son. Sonship in the nature of things involves sucoeBsion. Therefore, the Son oannot be oo-existent with ' the Father." " Bnt why do you not tell Mrs. Gwyder," I asked him, "that the Son u the Logos or Wisdom of God, and is not in the natural, but in the super- natural order, and that the Power, and.the Wisdom, and the Love of God are simultaneously oo-existent in the self-existent Godhead from all Eternity. There is no such thing as Succession in'God. He is the Absolute, the Unconditioned. God is one, eternal NOW. Succession pertains only to Dteated things. There never was-any instant in whioh God was without Wisdom, or without Power, or without Love. If God was ever without any one of these appearanoes or distinctions, He .was not God. Therefore, the three jrpotraiira co-existed together in God from all Eternity. I repeat If ever'God was without infinite Power, infinite Wisdom, or infinite Love, Hie was np.t God .during that deprivation. Consequently, the three persons or distinctions were eternally oo-existent. What reply can roiiinake to this ?" « For iny part, r I do not think that any rebutting reply nan begivetr ijttf' SaidM^s. GwyMr. ^ Asd'then;" I trtSHhea,' aoai; without seefcufig to' jg?-'* ceive that he was About to.-speak,-"only think of the mental isolation, the dismal state of intelleotual solitude to whioh the personal unification or the Unitarian theory would rednce God. Suppose you took away one or the two powers from tbe soul of man, which we call Memory, or Memory and Will, how could he commune With himself ? We all know what it is to have gloomy thoughts or glad thoughts; but how do we oogitate or hold converse with ourselves P It is by the combined act of our Reason, Will, and Memory. The Memory presents 'our Reason with topics to think upon, the Will enables us to set our Reason in motion; and from their oonjoint operation we compare and oombine our ideas and arrive at rational conclusions- How pleaeurably we can think, ponder, refieot, recall to us " the day, the hour, the sunshine, and the shade," the wordB, the tones of the voice, the looks, the gestures, the dress, the whole scene, for example, of the farewell when going away from one who is to ua the fairest and deareBt of all human beings, and from whom we may " be parted for years, and it may be for everthink how all the attendant circumstances of such an event, or of any other affective event, is recalled and reviewed by the mind's eye, and turned over, as we turn over the back pages of a book which we have read. How is it ? It is by tbe co-operative action of the Memory, the Will, and the Reason. If we had no memory, the past would be lost to us. If we had no Will, the Memory would show us only a chaos of tumultuous images and distorted photographs of vainished forms, and upon these our Reason could form no safe or sure judgment. If we had neither Memory nor Will, our Reason wonld be like a carriage without wheels or horses. If we had no Reason, the Memory and the Will would be vain and valueless. If we had Reason and Memory and no Will, we should be like a horse without a bridle or a ship without a helm. We should be unable to direct our own minds, or control our danger- OUB impulses, and a lunatio asylum would be our proper abode. If we took away any one or two of these three the soul of man would be as a solitary hermit buried in a cavern in the heart of a mountain. There wonld be nothing to commune with, no cheering thoughts, no rational discourse with one's self, no capability of self-guidance, no happy in- terior self-consciousness, and the soul would be a mummy in a vault. And this will illustrate the neoessary operations of the infinite mind of God in its threefold constitution of infinite Power, infinite Wisdom, and infinite Lave. For God as God is infinitely happy in Himself, so that He needs nothing but the. contemplation of His own supreme and infinite Perfections to suscain Him for ever in that state of mental delight and self-contentment. God in His essential glory is the full and everlasting felicity of God. The Omnipotent Power of God rejoices in the contemplation of the Omnisoient Wisdom of God, and the Wisdom equally rejoices in the contemplation of the Power, and this mutual and reoiprooated complacence is the Love or Spirit of God or the Holy Ghost, proceeding equally from the Power and the; wisdom, or, as the creed of Nioea states it, " from the Father and the Son," and equally participates with each of these persona in the essential glory and majesty of the Godhead. If there were not these n-poowa or distinctions in God—if He should be reduced to a solidarity of being—how oould God enjoy in Himself, as He now does, an ineffable and sempiternal satisfaction, beginning and ending in Himself? If He had only a person - ality of infinite Power, or a personality of infinite Wisdom, or of infinite Love, we should think of Him as an isolated, solitary, Jonely being, unable to commune with Himself. Or, as all Power, He would be terrible to oreated beings; as all Wisdom, He would be frigidly inaooessible; and, as all Love, He would be weak and unjust. So that in the Trinity of infinite Power, or Father • infinite Wisdom, or S in; and infinite Goodness, or Love, or Holy Ghost, we have •Deity m all its plentitude of unimaginable perfection, as the great theologian poet of this age has sung. " Unchanging and unchangeable Before angelic eyes The vision of the Godhead In its tranquil beauty lies : And like, a city lighted np All gloriously within And sweetest worship win : On tbe uncreated Father— Awful will-spring of the Three— On the co-eternal Son's Co-equal majesty; On Him eternally breathed forth From Father and from Son The angels gaze with fixed amaze And unreokoned ages rnn. 2. " Stitt the fountain of the Godhead. Givethforth eternal being: StHl begetting still begotten ."V ft.... Still his own perfections (WiWiuuuo DDOUig seeing^.,.' B t L" equalling his own loved Self With his dear co-equal Spirit— o change comes o'er,that blissful life— No shadow paaseth nehrit'*: n And far in that deep life of:Ood Tharmony complete. ••^- Like crownfid kings all opposite j f t f.j Perfections have their *eaj;£ v tHere Stopped!:. Botletft Wot (be supposed • tnatthe game ha^boensuBP^deiljaUthfcwhiltfi for me to preach, half a.do'zen tioigB been looed. Thei losing? to .'theia fi^bteenpftift&.'i tftlHW ana tagged the substance together as near in the remember. Mr. WestermV smart comments as we wentalmuTiH, in fairness, I leave out, as the'mo^n^^i papers leave out everythlnirtha^iS?* 6 ?'!' themselves Mrs. GwydefS book whioh contained the hia JT'Ti 4 Atbanasian Creed, and after we playing and talking for an hour and1J** quarters, Mr. Rees and my h i ^ Woolonmaurifer returned from t S in high glee and good ffir.lta breath aromatioally flavoured witiTm * from the vineyards on the fibft" bacchanal Garonne. ^ of 23rd June, 1885. 