Items. Ins. Outs. Who will win ? Entertainments galore. ± ne ngm uegms to-day. Heavy storms in Victoria. Mr. E. W. Kitchen is dead. South Australia out in the cold. I5',ooo British soldiers in Herat. Flood gates of talk open to-day. Melbourne bank robbers arrested. Ligurian bees for Kangaroe Island. Gawler Y.M.C.A. to be wound up. The new Academy of Music opened. 42,758 children in state schools last year. The Taxation arrangements assailed already. What do you think of the Governor's speech ? Fruit Preserving Company to be wound up. If Abdurrahamann is murdered what next ? Heavy rains and snow in Victoria. Our turn next. Captain Mason has apologised to Captain Nelson. Ministry beaten in the election of com mittees. Barbarous work shooting the Arabs in the Soudan. Cost of Government education steadily growing. 208 school buildings erected by Government since 1875. Friction between the Treasurer and the Marine Board. The Government combine Protection with their Freetrade. ? Town in Kansas nearly all washed away by a cloud bursting. 1,036 miles of railway open last Tune in South Australia. Arabs seem to have been shot simply for sport near Sun trim Effort to be made to revive silver-lead mining in South Australia. Irish Coercion Bill a bone of contention in the British Cabinet. Pall Mall Gazette thinks the frontier dispute is practically settled. Laws against polygamy being enforced among the MormoLs. Vessel with Hergott Springs railway iron aground off Franklin Harbour. S.A. Grand Lodge of Freemasons recog nised by the G. L. of England. In the Woodside assault case the accused ; George Platt has been acquitted. One-third of our public debt has been ex pended on works yielding no revenue. Tender of Miller Bros, accepted for the Victorian portion of the intercolonial line. The Government will introduce a Bill for extending the Laura railway to Apila-Yarrowie. Telegraph and telephone instruments des troyed and wires melted by a thunderbolt at Wilson's Promontory on Saturday. Doctor* at Crystal Brook committed for manslaughter for the improper treatment of a confinement case in which the patient died. A concession of 15 per cent, on returns, is to be made at the WalJaroo Smelting Works, to the mines in view of the low price of copper. It seems to be a fact beyond dispute that the average amount of rain recorded in London is considerably above what it used to be. The average for London used to be put down at 24 inches ; it is now just about 25. Whether this is due to greater accuracy of observation, or is reaily an increase, we cannot say. The rainfall for the whole kingdom is now reckoned to be over 36 inches. There is a new game in Paris. Tired of all old and threadbare amusements an actress in augurated a ' Polymorphous fete.' The ball room was turned into a funeral chamber, and people all came dressed as ghosts, hobgoblins, or phantoms. Coffins were placed about the room, around which these cheerful individuals played hide-and-seek, puss in the corner, and similar games. A supper was afterwards served on a table composed of coffins piled one on the other. There is something awfully cheerful about this kind of sport. Singular Coincidence. — An incident probably unexampled in its result, has just hap pened in the Broteaun quarter of Lyons. A mother and daughter, lodging together, were confined of female infants in the same cradle, and relations and friends shortly visited the two mothers, and, as usual to examine and praise the newly bom. The passage of the babies froni arms to cradle became so frequent that, when the question of their identity was raised, they had become so mixed up, that it was impossible to determine which child belonged to the mother and which to the daughter, aud the relationship of aunt or neice must therefore remain for ever in suspense. 