AONOBTIC CRITICISM THE FALSI- FICATION OF HISTORT. Sr "PEUTETEi." [The two ways, and both best—Why Bishop Thornton applauded Professor Fairbnrn's Critique —Dr. Benson, Afbhbiahop of Canterbury, excludes Anglican curates ordaified in Viotoria from bis diooese— Why does Dr. Benson, Protestant Arch- , bishop of Cantuar, exolude Victorian Protestant Acglioan ourates—The drift of Professor Fairbnrn's article—Professor Fair* bton'8 admission—His theory of the origin of Infallibility—The coal heaver's oreed aboiit St. Peter.] . It is not always so easy,to determine whioh is the better Way of dealing with agriostio or oalummons attackfl'on the Catholio religion. We have a choioe before ns, either of treating them with silent Oontempt, or of meeting them with serious reply. Silent contempt has many advooates. What hafm can lies do to okr religion, some Oatholios will aek, and it is very certain in one sense that no lie or libel oan injure the troth, and some minds are so constructed that no fallacy or slander oan ever for a ^moment disturb their confidence in the divine reality of the Catholic Creed and Churoh. On $t>e other hand, there are souls, equally firm lh their Catholio beliefs, which keenly feel and.resent the affront offered to the sanctity of their faith by the rude onslaughts which brute ignorance so often makes on doctrines fifed traditions of their Cbnrob, and regard all the passive soorn of their more phlegmatio neighbours as a tame concession to the false accusations of the enemy, and would repel that enemy's impertinenoes and vilifications with a severity which should teach him better manners for the future, or at least mBke him more cautious in striking his blind blows against an objeot whioh they love With all their heart, There are the two ways of meeting the foeman. I do cot take upon me to say which is the more preferable. Some will have one way, some will have the other, Arid as I undertake to flease everybody, and thus pleaBe nobody, I leave everybody arid nobody to their own y, and make the best of mine baok to Right Reverend Dr. Thornton and hiB laudation of Professor Fairbnrn's artiole in the -Jtily number of the Contemporary Jteview. . Why Db. Thobnton Applauded. if evety Catholic in Ballarat had only read Professor Fairbnrn's article headed " Catholicism and Historical Criticism," I am sure that every Catholio in Ballarat would feel sinoerely and sadly astonished at Dr. Thornton's laudation of that article. The English and yiotorian newspapers lately informed us that the Most Reverend Dr. Bfnson, the present Protestant Anglioan Archb ihop of Canterbury, has tabooed, in arohiepiscopal form .all clergymen of the Anglican denomination who may have r'eoeived their Ordination in this oolon'y, and perhaps in the other Australian colonies. Dr. Benson, Arohbisbop of Canterbury, has recently issued a notice that he will not consider Anglican clerics from Victoria to be Eligible for clerioal duty in bis diooese or jproriiob it th<-y have enly Viotorian holy orders. It is rather eurious that one Protestant biehop shonld objeot to clergymen ordMfied by another Protestant bishop, as the ordination airvioe used by both iB the same. Bat Oatholios cannot wonder if Dr. Beneon, of Canterbury, in England, who is a strictly " orthodox Protestant bishop," should exolude Victorian Protestant ourates from pastoral employment in his jurisdiction vyhen his Grape of Canterbury finds that theee Victorian Protestant curates have been AjrdpiqedVjotorian bishops who applaud Professor Fairbnrn's artiole in the Contentporary Review. Tttfe CHBI6TIAUITT OF THE AETTOI.E. The Plight tteverfind Dr. Thornton sotinded his loud timbrel very loud when he called Jmblicattention to that article, and by his tatehtorian laudation of it led all guileltiss CltifefeoB to expeot that Professor Fairburn irad put forth a most truly Christiata, scriptural, and piously Protestant proolamati6n, Mi'ioh dehounoed and exposed the unchristian, unSofiptural, and by bo Paeans pioufc deeds and doctrines of "Catholicism," and set the two systems betide one another in such strong and convincing contrast that the Professor's Christianity would dazzle all Protestant eyes, and delight all Protestant hearts, and Bweep every veBtige of Pope and Popery out of Ballarat and all its diooesan borders. Will any one believe it that Professor FairburnV artiole, from end to end, is one unbroken philippio against those articles of the apostles' breed which the Church of England pr6tsnd6 to retain Sn her self-exiled state of exclusion from the Catholio Church. The professor's artiole is an elaborate and etadiouslyprepared proclamation against the " liturgy'' and beliefs whioh Wf, to be found still in the Anglioan Book oj Wnmon Trayer. The whole esoteric design of-the article is to insult and diSoard all the prthodoxy of all " Churches." It does not Mem to tolerate the popular existing Chris- tianity of any seot. No one can say thai the artiole accepts the Fall of Man froih a state Bf origiaal ^tace, nbtisthetfeorib sentence iti Itfco feist thit the aooonnt we have of thki fell is the reM history of a real event. The professor speaks all along as if the rfri of (Adam and Eve was mythical, and atonement. for that and all sin was more fabnlons thai) some religious people fancied. God would , appear, from Professor Fairbnrn's view of, MWi&ty; Sfaa'doWa htjt 'cohlidieii* fiU'efbrtM jtt&idS; bi holiness to be muoh aggrieved feK^'e' rebellion against Him. Under the Christian dispensation God has definitively given up sitting a's a jbdge ob men's aotioBB, waiting to oondemn and pUTrfsh what is impure or profane. God hiis thrown aside his stern character as an avenger of sin, and now oontentB himself with performing the part of a fond, kind, Amiable father only, who sees nothing very bad in the behaviour of bis children, and if there is anything slightly wrong in their morals or opinions it will be rectified by-and-bye with the help of modem civilisation. The idea, therefore, of Expiation for sin, or the offering of a sacrifioe for sin, is an obsolete folly or weakness to think of in this enlightened age. There is, therefore, no room for any agony of repentance, of no guilty feara, no future torments, no need of aitar, or of priest, or of magnificent ritual, or of Sunday adtirations, or prayers for this or that:, but only the glad interior emotion of the silent soul communing with its dear and never offended father. Ii short, we have in Professor Fairbnrn's article, which Dr. Thornton so rapturously applauded, a mystical materialism whioh treats Sin as a childish foible or a disease to whioh infants are liable, and not as a malicious violation of a law of God which must be atoned for, but to be cured by civil and social progress, thus philanthropically superseding all necessity for the inooming and operations of divine grace in the heart of man. ProfeBBor Fairburn thus pleasantly and adroitly gets rid of all Such frivolities as saorbments, baptisms, adorations, obfafirmations, ecclesiastioal mar riages, olergy, and Churches. This will be a great saving to civilised people, and quite a relief generally to the agnostic world. For it cuts out the Cross of Christ, and gives us the genuine " Christianity of the New Testament," whioh is a great point gained for universal humanity. To prove that I do not recklessly misrepresent the professor's artiole, I quote his own words :— i. " We shall then want no temples but living men, and no sacrifices but those of the spirit and of the life ; no sensuous sanotity, bnt a priestlesB religion, with no symbols, no oeremonies, no offioers." Now, when a Protestant bishop, in bfs episoop&I; hatred of something which heoalls "popery," extols such an artiole as this, and applauds it with hands arid feet, need we be surprised if the Most Reverbhd Dr. Beii&on;, of Can' terbury, who has not yet breathed the frM air of freethought Australia, should take the liberty to put a hedare round his English diooese and keep out Viotorian ourates who have been ordained by prelatio hands used in applauding Professor Fairbiirn's somewhat freethought article. If our oolonial Pro testant Anglioari bishop 1 ! will, like the good dog Tray, go bit frollickin'sr with dogB of too low an agnostic degree, they toay expect disagreeable consequences. PEOPSBSOB Faibbotn'S FBBB Aokkow- XEDQ1TBNT. Dr. Thornton was careful not to call public attention to the professors p&negyrio; on the Catholio Churoh as given in last week's Advocate. Some Protestants may peirhapS wonder why Professor Fair burn should break off in the middle of what he intended too be a deadly blow and fatal stab at "Catholicism," and burst forth into an lo Triomphe in praise of what he honestly seeks to destroy. The explanation is very easy. English Protestants have a triok of bedaubing the Catholic Church with their lip flatteries for qualities whioh they know their own denomination negleot to cultivate. But woe to the Catholic simpleton who accepts Buoh tribtite&s; sincerely paid. .Professor Fairbnrn's 'admis6io&B; itt' fWbtit f>f "Catholicism" taste bitter in his m'obth. He felt that all he said was deservedly due if spoken in oandonr. He beheld what " Catholioism" had done. It had Overthrown the pagan Roman Empire, and'' Emperors east and "west, in the short spaos of S50 years. It abolished domestic Slavery in Europe. It quashed polygamy. It established hospitals. It preserved learning. These noble aohievments the Professor could not deny. If he could he Would. But' ment P It means the didtatiofi of thb supernatural. " I freely acknowledge," Bays the professor, " that the Catholio Churoh is the moat permanent, the most venerable, the most extensive, the most influential, the most perfect and pre- eminent of all the eoolesiaBtioal organisms. The Catholio . Church had apostolio enoceesion, effioaoiois sacraments, all revealed truth, divine sanction, unity, and infallibility. She is a mighty oak tree, and Protestantism is a mushroom at her foot." To hear all this from Profesnor Fairburn would be wormwood to Dr. Thornton's palate. But what does it mean? It means no . more than an utteranpe of blind, bigot antipathy, whioh perceives the excellence of what it abhors; and abhors it all the more for being compelled to see. Professor Fairburn means what tbe two unhappy maniaos meant when they saw Christ oominjr into the country of the Gergeeenes. They recognised Him, freely acknowledged His power, bat would h&vfe; rent Him. in pieoes if they could. Thi relncta'nt panegyrio of the professor is thb highest homage the Catholio Churoh oan re^ oeive from her misguided adversaries, wjhi' pan only justify their: rage against her b' the most unprincipled falsifications of he] istory. Pbofeebob Faisbusn's Theoby of Iotallibujtt. Dr. Thornton's approving smiles, whioli he bestowed so liberally on Professor Fair* bura'a article, led me to ; search, first of all, for the professor's handling of the infallibility question, Strange to Bay, on coming to it, Ifpiind that the professor did not deny the Infallibility. ' fieSoa^cely goes bo fax ab even to solemnly sneer at It. On the contrary, it only fills bim with a tender melancholy, which finds exprSs-ibn in the following words:— n. " I do not mean" (says the professor) " to reproaoh the Roman Churoh with men like the Borgias. All Churches have had their share of bad men—and we have heard enough of them, though the thing is molt pitiful when wicked men become offioially infallible." Professor Fairburn, you see, 0 gracious and gentle reader, does not here positively deny the' faot of the papal infallibility: he is only twined or distressed at the thought of an infallibility coraiDg ex officio into the hands of b'ad popes—suoh, for example, as Roderigo Borgia. But, in the first place, Roderigo Borgia^ after hi* leaving the army and becoming a priest, and afterwards a pope, led a life of irreproachable. proprietyand, in the next plaoe, Professor Fairburn accounts in a outioug way for the rise and progress of infallibility in the Catholio Churoh. I will give tbe professor's own wordB:— "There is no evidence [in the New Testament or elsewhere] that Christ ever oreated, or. thought of creating, an organised Sooiety. There is no idea he sa little emphasises as the idea df thb Obutbh. He uses the term ' Church' but twioe. . . . His familiar idea id the Kingdom nf God or the Kingdom of heaven: but the kingdom without organisation and incapable of being organised,' and the very oontrary and oon tras't Of what is now - understood aB the Chutch, whether Catholic or Anglican [.' .' .'] And, further, in the Church of the New Tea tament the politioo-moriarohioal idea doel not exist, nor is there a shadow or anticipation or propheoy of it. The Churches are . riot organised. They do not constitute a formal unity. They have a fraternal, bftt no oor porate relation. They have ne common or looal hierarchy. They are divided by dif fer'enoes which preolttde the very idea of an offiolal infallible head. The Primaoy belongs to no one. There is no bishop, in the modern sense, over any Churoh, or over the whole Church: no recognition of Rome ab the seat of authority. . . . The question as to Peter is very significant. He may be the Socle on wbioh the Church is to be built but what then P There is no evidence that what was promised to him wfie assured to his successors. There is no evidefice that Peter had any successors, and, least of all, that his successors, if he had any, were the Bishops of Rome, or that Rome in any way entered into the promises of Christ. Thefre is no evidenoe in the New Teetament that Peter ever was in Rome. . . . What does all this signify?" Answer—It signifies that ProfesBor Fairburn degrades his high attain ments and mental oalture to the apprehensive level of a. coal-heaver or nightman's cad. of Peter shall be formally and explioiily stated in the New Testament. If this statement be not made in the New Testament the professor, like all agnostio unbelievers, refdses to Acknowledge Peter a« anything more thaft th» Mock on Whfbb t&t; Churoh - was to bb built. PrbfeSsor Fairburn, as a lineal son' of Luther, will have "Soripture" for everything, or else he will believe nothing but what he obooSeB to. But what is at the bottom of this factitious and furious deference to Soripture. What dots it Signify, as the professor Well, it signifies nothing else than a demoniac dnd impious imputation on the wisdoni of God tbe Holy GhoBt. If the Protestant averment is worth anything, ProteBtants believe that the Holy Ghost inspired certain men to write the New Testa ment. Professor Fairburn really aBks, why did not God the Holy Ghost inspire the apostles to state that Peter went to Ronie after he left Antioch. Peter stopped for two or three years in Jerusalem. Then he went down to Antio'oh, where he remained two or three years more. Then Peter went on a long tour of visitation of the infant congregations of Christians all over Asia Minor, and at length arrived at the City of Corinth, where he remained Some considerable time. Then he went on up to Rome, and thbre permanently Bied his episcopal phair arid oeat of supreme authority. Bbcanse God the Holy Ghost did faot inspire Petfer himself, or Paul, 6r John, or Aridrew to write a militate aboount of Christ's instruction* to His apostleS daring the 40 dayb He was with His apostles tfter Hisreeurreotion, and what orders Fet& received about going to Rome, and when he went, and ^hat were His special prerogatives, therefore, Says Professor Fairburn; I refuse to believe that Peter ever was at Rome. If God the Holy Ghost forgot to inspire holy m'^n to write snoh an aooount, we know Where the blame is to be laid, and on Him Professor Fairburn does not hesitate to lay the blame. If Professor Fairbprn is'-eo rigidly soriptural that he wilt not believe anything about Peter but; what he reads in the New Testament, it may be feared thai Professor Fairburn fanoies. he was writing his artiole in the Contemporary jRepieti for the benefit of the ajpes and gorillW of Timbubtoo. It is diagraoeful in a'ny gentleman of eduoatibn to have Written ® Q oh laborious rant as he h&6 dohe abbnt Peter's epjseopatia at Rome. It is SB Cbttain that Peter w6S at Rome, invested with ari authority whioh the wholb Christian worl4 < vaderstood and aoknowledgedt as .that WftB at a j?' Eusebius, Pearson, tod Cave, to name no othew, have spilled i that point long afeo: 'atfdit iiS qWitb tob iiuoh, of an outrage on our patibh'be ifor Pro|tB¥ot : Fairburn to puke Buoh ^brilbnli stuff nonsense npoii us at tibia houfc of the Thefe never wa's atiy 'defcht', or pltoe Jot dpnbt, about Pet&'fe'rfefeiiferibe at Rumb fot 140J, yeflts after the day pf that taa%rdem at Rome om 29th jfnne-.'i.D fi? The .OI'IAVIAA iV* \T:'_ fW. Sr.- . ' ilenpe of the New testament about settlement at Rome, jiXiAiJ ai ask what becameJ^sevisial of tifa i, the New TesWSment gives ub j,! tion. D i d d i e ? Th' e ent d6es>5ot iuforto us. Therefore feffporr Fairburn, I may believe thai . alive. For tbe New Testament is silent on tbe subjeot of St. John's and St Andrew's and St. Matthew's and St. Mark's and St. Bartholomew's deaths. The New Testament does not say they died. There, fore they are not dead. That is Mr. Fafc burn's logic, and may also be Dr. Thorn! ton's, though his' lordship, of course, hag Eusebius and Cave and Pearson oh hig libraiV shelves. ^ 1st Deoember, 1885. 