A REGIMENTAL PREACHER. It was just after lunch, in the mess of the Scarlet Lancers, that Jack Hartog raid to Booties, otherwise Captain Algernon I errers, I say, Rootles, come across to my stables and look at elm will you ! I really think she's fit to do the march.' "Very well, Booties answered placidly 1 Now, the old mare was a special' favourite of Hartog'e, and bad won him many a steeplechase, and had palled off many a garrison race on the flat as well, and usually he took her along on the march, not as a charger, but ridden by a groom. For the last few days, however, she had been a good deal out of condi tion, and Haiiog was in two minds whether to send her to Aldershot with the dismounted party, or whether to risk her in strange stables on the lioe of march ; he wanted the opinion ot Booties about her, for Booties' advice was more often followed in the Scarlet Lancers than that of the vet. t»»mwlf Ae the two men passed along the front of the officers' quarters, Hartog'a roving blue eyee spied ont a great pile of officer's baggage waiting to be carried off to be weighed before being despatched for Aldershot. ' I Bay, Booties,' he said, 1 let's go and get weighed.' ' Very well,' annswered Booties. So they went off to the weighing- machine, and Hartog stepped thereon. 1 Now, Sergeant Gilder,' eaid he, in the cheery tones which had helped, along with his gay good-humoured dare- devilty of character, to make him one of the most popular officers in the regi ment — 'now, Sergeant Gilder, let me see what I've pot on since the steeple chases.' Certainly, air,' returned the sergeant. ' Brown, put on the weights up to twelve stone.' And np to twelve stone did Private Brown pile on the weights, yet Hartog remained, as at the. beginning, on firm ground. ' Ugh ! muttered Hartog ; 'just what Booles laughed, his usual short grim little laugh j it might have been at Har tog'a disgusted face, or it might have been in correspondence with the twinkle in Sergeant Gilder's eyes. 'Put on another stone, Brown,' or dered the sergeant. Brown put on another stone. ' O, come now !' exclaimed Hartog, as the big Lancer lifted the weight. But it was not enough. This is sheer swindling,' said Hartog to Booties. ' Ha, ha 1' said Booties. 'Let's have another stone, Brown,' said the sergeant. 'It'll carry two, sergeant,' said the private with a grin — a grin which was quickly reflected broadly on the faces of the half-dozen troopers standing about. ' Put on as much as it will cany,' said Hartog, with a look at Booties. And it just carried eighteen stone ten. ' This is very queer,' said Hartog. 'Not queer at all, asserted Booties. ' Er — by the bye, sergeant, is this regi mental baggage V No, eir j this ia all officers'. By regimental baggage, Mr. Hartog would just weigh thirteen stone ten.' 'Five stone difference !' 'Five stone difference, sir,' said the sergeant quietly. ' Humph ! I think Til see what my I weight is. Get off, Hartog.' So Hartog got off and Booties got on ; and Booties found that the machine weighed him at just nnder nineteen stone 1 Nineteen stone ! Ah, very neat weight, nineteen atone. Er— where ie Mr. O'Sheeney !' 'Not in barracks, eir. He has just left them,' answered the sergeant. 4 And you don't know where he is V No, I do not, sir.' A great gleam of intelligence leapt np into Private Brown's handsome wooden face. 'If yon please, snrr,' said he, 'I believe as W Mr. O'Sheeney have go rue down town for to make 'is arrange ments for 'is good-bye preaching to night' ' Hey V said Booties. ' His what cried Hartog. ' His good-bye preaching, snrr,' ex plained the man, with a great show of' stolidity — a stolidity belieing the grin lurking about the corners of his month. Mr. O'Sheeney, surr, has preached at the chapel of the True Gorspel every week this larst winter.' ' The de — ' But there Hartog bit his remark off sharp, and Rootles laughed. The laugh emboldened Private Brown to continue hie information. 'They do say, surr,' he went on diffidently, 1 as 'ow them as preaches in pulpit at the chapd of the True Gorspel runs a great risk of finding themselves some day let down of a enddint into the middle of their congregation.' ' How Y Hartog asked eagerly. 'Why, eucr, it's a very small little chapel, and they want s deal of room to spare for the kind of platform thing that True Gorspel peoples preaches orff ; so, to save epace, this 'ere is set again the ' wall, and fastened to the hootside of the building by a couple o' strong bolts with nuts screwed on to 'em ; an' tbey do say as 'ow, if them 'ere bolts are screwed orff — ' ' Let us hope nobody will think of it,' said Hartog hastily. Booties laughed again, thoroughly tickled by Hartog'e sndden accession of dignified decorum ; and Sergeant Gilder put in his word. 'Are you sure it's our Mr. O'Sheeney that's going to preach, Brown 1' be ashed j all the same, be knew well enough. Why, yes, sergeant ; I've 'eard him many a time. They do eay he does a power of good. \- ' l'v® gt a bill of it 'ere, surr,' spoke np another man from the rear. 'Let the capt'n see it,' eaid the ser- geant Forthwith the man pulled open an already loose jacket, and from the baud i of his overalls produced a dingy-looking paper, which he handed to Hartog who was nearest to him. The officers turned away, and the men saluted ; yet, ere their hands were lowered from their f eft-age caps, the laughter, which had been straggling to come for ten minates, babbled ont. Meanwhile, Booties and Hartog had reached the friendly shelter of the stables, where Hartog'a new-found dignity and decorum gave way, and he pulled ont the hand- bill referring to Mr. O'Sheeney, fairly ecrcaming with laughter and delight. ' By Jove it was fine, it was fine ! I've seen and heard a good many fine things since I've been in the Scarlet Lancers, 1 at anything so grand as old O'Sheeney stuck up on a platform preaching the True Gorspel never entered my mind. O, by Jove, bat it is grand 1 I wonder if he preaches against sand in the sugar, and thumbs in the beer 1 I wonder if he preaches against bribery and corruption, againBt loaded 6cales and the like 1 I can't see the difference myself between loaded scales and loaded dice.' Hartog unfolded the precious bill, and spread it ont, holding it up against the side of a stall ; for it was limp and greasy, having been apparently carried for some days within tbe band of its owner's overalls. It ran tbus : LITTLE BETHEL, The Chapel of the True Gospel, St. Mark's Gate, Bl&akhaiupton.; A Good-bye Sebuon will be jireached by st. michael ajfthont o'sheekey, esq. (the Scarlet Lancets), on the eve of his departure from the city, Hon- Aarr \lav at 7 is w a. —11 members are earnestly Invited to attend. Subject : Honesty the Best Policy/ Hartog fairly yelled. Booties, holding the paper against the wall with one hand, smoothed it ont with his whip. 'Ah,' he said at last, in a reflective tone, ' ah, Little Bethel, tbe chapel of the Trne Gorspel, in St. Mark's Gate, at 7.45 P Jl. Yes, I think £ really most go and hear O'Sheeney on " Honesty the best policy." I really must Now — ' and here he turned and looked at Har tog in a wise contemplative kind of way — ' if we could not only have the plea sure and profit of hearing O'Sheeney (the old sinner !) point ont the wayB of a good man and tbe shortest cat he can take to heaven, but also chanced to come in for the divertisement of Bering those bolts give way, and O'Sheeney come down like a spread eagle into the midst of the elect, why, it would make a very fair evening's amusement, and an ample compensation for the loss of our dinner, hey V 'Yes, yes, of course — splendid i bnt how can yon manage It !" ' First, by getting ont of this,' glanc ing down at his uniform ; 'then by going straight along to the chapel of the Trne Gorspel and reconnoitring. If those nuts can be got at, we can very easily decide wbat to do.' It was not long before they were pas sing through the gates on their way to the town, nor was it much longer before tbey discovered tbe whereabouts of 'Little Bethel, the chapel of the Trne Gospel.' It was a little old-fashioned building of red brick, square in form and stand ing back from the qniet street of St Mark's Gate in a small enclosure, securely railed in from the ou'er world. It was a very unpretending edifice, and had a quaint little porch and small diamond- paned leaded windows, few in nnmber, and a good height from the ground. ' Those windows must have been built for tbe purpose,' remarked Booties, eyeing them with satisfaction. ' I wonder where the pnlpit ia f ' said Hartog disconsolately. Poor Jack Hartog ! He Was ata un commonly fine fellow, bnt his was not a brilliant brain, and for the life of him he did not see how on earth they were to get over or through that railing ; for of course it would not do to be seen, and unless the nuts could be reached within an hoar or so the evening's entertain ment, with all its novelty and point, would be nowhere. 'Sure to be opposite ho the door,' answered Booties. ' Now, I wonder who lives in those houses at tbe back V They conld just see the backs ot some houses apparently looking on to the chapel en closure. 'Let us go down' here, Jack, and Bee if we can find ont, Jack wheeled round, hope renewed in Ids broad breast, _ and they sauntered carelessly round the Corner; and turned; into the more bnsy and bustling -street which runs parallel with St. Mark's Gate. Booties took tbe bearing of . the place. ' Ah, linendrapera 1 That's no good, and too high np into the bargain. Let ub go farther down, Jack. Ah, here yon are P Hartog looked np in surprise,' and saw a small shop-window eet ont with fruit and flowers1 and the choicer hands of vegetables, while in the background there were piles of the more.ordinaiy sorts— cabbageB, onions, potatoes, cauli flowers, and the like. ' ' "Come along,' eaid Booties ; this mnst be one of those overlooking tbe en closure.' He stepped into the shop, followed by Hartog, and there came ont to meet them a keen-faced elderly woman, with black hair and a pair of very bright black eyes. ' Good-morning, gentlemen,' ehe said, in a quick sharp voice. ' Good- morning,' said Booties. ' Have you any peaches !' She came round the small counter, aod dusted two chairs with her apron. ' Pray sit dowD, gentlemen,' she urged. ' Pve not had the pleasure of seeing you here before ; and I'm always proud when the gentlemen from the barracks come to see me.' 'Er — thanks,' returned Booties, with a touch to tbe brim of his hat ; ' er — but how do you know we belong to the barracks T ' Dear sir,' she cried, with a laugh and a glance of her black eyes, ' I haven't served the officers' mess for ten years without knowing an officer when I see one.' ' O, you're Mrs. Forrest ' ' Yes, sir, I am.' 'Ah, I believe yon've got my name on your books — Captain Ferrers F ' Yes, sir, I have, and very proud to serve yoo. Perhaps I know the other gentleman too Y ' Yes, I'm sure you do,' said Jack — ' Mr. Hartog.' ' Very pleased to see yon, sir. I only wish yon had come a little earlier. Well, gentlemen, what will yon take! Peaches! No-o, not yet. I have fine apricots, pines, and lovely grapes.' ' Grapes,' said Booties. ' Apricots,' said Hartog So one started on the apricots and the other on the grapes, while the widow stood and regaled them with odds and ends of gossip of former regiments and officers whom tbey had known. And presently, when Booties had eaten nearly a pouud of grapes, he remarked, ' You've got a chapel behind you, Mrs. Forrest.' ' Yes, sir.' ' Go to it yourself !' taking an apricot. 'Law, no, sir!' ehe cried. 1 was brought np respectable ; I m Church of England.' 'I am very glad to hear it,' said Booties gravely ; ' you look like it. Aud er — do you like having that chapel there !' ' Like it P echoed the widow scornfully. ' Ah, I daresay they disturb you a great deal,' said Rootles sympathetically ; at which Hartog, who at last began to see the drift of this procedure, laughed aloud. 'You may laugh, sir,' Mrs. Forrest cried, unable to help laughing herself, ' bnt if yon heard them howling morning, noon and night, week in week out, as I do, why, you wouldn't exactly like having them there either.' 'To be sure not,' eaid Booties gravely, while Hartog nearly killed himself by trying to smother his unseemly mirth. 'You Bee, sir,' tbe widow continued to Booties, ' this is only a little place, but it suits me and my son, being just large enough for ub. I've a good kitchen aud a nice little parlour, and three good bed rooms and a dressing room above. I've often had gentlemen here for a few weeks, when changes were being made in the etaff or when tbe militia were np and the infantry barracks too fall to take them all in. And then I sometimes have married gentlemen, who bave come a few weekB before their ladies : if they have been quartered here before, or any one has recommended them to come to me, why, they prefer a bed her and tak ing their meals at the mess to being at an hotel or in regular lodgings. The lodging-bouse people about here are so common,' she ended, with contempt, 'they don't know what gentlefolks require.' She pansed a moment for iHwiui nuu irwv vu ogaiu. x»uu v dear, it over-looks tbe chapel yard, and we scarcely know what peace is !' ' Mast be awfally bad to put np with — a fearful nuisance,' said Booties feel ingly. 'Then I snppoBe yon conld easily get into tbe yard from one of yonr windows, if yon liked t1 ' O yes, sir !' Ah ! Er — do any other windows, besides yonr own overlook it !' ' Not any. Well, the windows of two homes do,' she added haetily, ' but one is empty, and tbe other has all the win dows filled with shaded glass.' 'Why!' ' Because they bave the whole house for business purposes — for millinery, which is not any the better for snnlight, sir.' Ah, yes, I see. Well, Mrs. Forrest,' leaning his arms on the counter, and looking at her with a very sereue and childlike expression on his placid face, ' the fact is, one of our officers — at least, that is to say, our quarter-master — ie going-to preach in there to-night,' jerk ing his thumb in the direction of tbe chapel. Mrs. Forrest- leaned with her two hands upon the counter, and regarded him with intense and almost breathless interest ' Well, sir !' she said eagerly, finding that he paused. ' Well, Fm told that the pnlpit is a . kind of platform arrangement, and that it has no real connection with the steps that lead to it, bnt is held in position by a couple of strong bolts passed right through the. wall, and fastened on the outride by screw-nuts;' The widow was sharper of wit than i handsome Hartog, and ha keen face fairly shone with intelligence and delight. 'She seemed to grasp the situation in the twinkling of an eye. ' And you want to get at the nuts — O sir ! — and' you want to let him down in the middle of his sermon !' she cried. Booties laughed. ' Well !' he said inquiringly. Wei', said the widow, you're as welcome to go through my kitchen win dow as the sunshine. Bnt, Bir, won't the weight of the platform bring it down before ever he gets on to it Y Booties looked rather done, and Hartog seeing that, let his jaw drop till his face was as long as a fiddle. ' For you would like to be inside at the time, wouldn't you, gentlemen !' she continued. ' Yes, of course,' answered both io the same breath. "Then the nuts should not be un screwed,' eaid Mrs. Forrest wisely, ' until the sermon has well begun. Now, I have a very mischievous son, gentlemen, just twenty years pld, who is uncommon clever at that kind of thing ; he would think nothing of slipping in and taking those nute off and then racing off to the other side of the town so as to prove he was not at home when it happened. He would perhaps get five or ten minates' start before the bolts gave way at alL' 'By Jove 1 cried Booties, ronsed for once into intense excitement, ' I'll give him a sovereign if he succeeds.' ' 0, he would do it for pure mischief,' returned the widow ; ' bat, of conrse, to a young fellow like him, a sovereign is a great thing.' He shall have two, pnt in Hartog. ' He is the very one to do it,' said Booties decidely, putting aeide the widow's expression of thanks. 'But we had better make quite sure that the bolls are in good working order, and will turn easily. I have brought a pair of pincers in my pocket Have yon any oil, Mrs. Forrest !' ' Liw, yes, sir a bottle foil, it yon want it Come this way, gentlemen ; you'll get through this window the easiest,' said Mrs. Forrest She led them into a clean bright kitchen, the window of which was large and wide. Booties pnt his head ont to make sure that the coast was clear, took tbe bottle of oil, then got through and ran across the short space between it and the chapel wall. Yes, there were the nuts, jnst on a level with hie eyes ; they seemed rusty, and not inclined to move, so he went back to the window. ' Give me a stool,' he eaid, ' for I can't quite reach them.' However, when he had a stool he found it quite another thing, and the application of a little oil, together with the use of his pincets, soon brought the nuts to a sense of their proper duty, so that they turned to and fro at his will as easily as if they were jnst new out of the shop. Then, having got them iuto what he con sidered good working order, Booties be took ' himself and tbe stool back into Mrs. Forrest's kitchen. 'Now, yon must impress one thing very plainly npon your son's mind, Mrs.. Forrest,' he said, as a last instruction, ' and that is that he lets the sermon get fairly begun before he takes tbe nuts off' ' He won't spoil it, sir,' she assured him ; 'you may leave it as it is, and it will be done. I wonder that boy of mine bas not thought of it before ; if he had he would have done it, for he's a regular mischief.' Then that is all right,' said Booties with satisfaction.' It was Dearly six o'clock when they got back to the barracks, aud after a warn ing to Hartog to eay nothing about the iittle affair arranged for the evening, Booties went round to the barracks, or rather the officers' quarters, beating up the recruits to go and hear their dear old friend O'Sheeney preach on " Honesty the best policy." The news was received with considerable astonishment, though IUCIC WOO 0 OUUUMlVf U UID MHUIWIIW fatal to St. Michael O'Sheeney Esquire's excellence of character. 'What 1' cried one, ' wha-at ! That old. thief O'Sheeney preaching — on honenty ! Go and hear him ! Yes, by Jove, I rather think I will Yes, by Jove, I'll wear the diamond pin he -tried to swindle me ont of that last time he was acting adjutant, to prevent him peaching to the Oolonel because I had not turned out for early stables one morning I was on doty. By Jove, yea, it's a fact ; the old thief tried it on, but I told him I'd report him if he reported me — that I'd tell tbe chief, on my word as an officer and a gentleman, that he offered to ac cept a diamond pin to say nothing about it. Honesty the best policy — I like that, the swindling old vagabond !' ' O'Sheeney going to preach I ' O Lord !' exclaimed another. ' What about !' ' Honesty the heat policy,' said Booties dryly. 'O'Sheeney going to preach on honesty /' he cried in amazement. 'Pon my eoul, that will be a case of the. pot calling the kettle black. Go ! les, rather ! I wouldn't miss it for five pounds, and Fm desperately hard up just now.' Booties went on his way rejoicing, for on all hands tbe same exclamations and comments greeted his invitation ; not man who -heard of the preaching bnt gladly and willingly promised to make, one ofthecampanyto assemblethat even ing at 7.45 in Little Bethel, the chapel of the Trne Gospel. Therefore, some ten or twelve minutes before that rime, the gathering of the goodly were struck all of a heap to see nine well-dressed, and, for tbe most part fine and handsome men enter the chapel aud modestly re quest that they might be given seats. . That they did not belong to the followers ofthe True Gospel waB evident from the fact that when they had disposed of their hateali the nine hid their faces behind their gloved hands. Then one or two of the girls of the congregation, who had been casting shy aud fluttered glances at the strangers, .volunteered the information to their ciders that they were officers from the barracks, wbicb, of course, to the simple minds of the elect amply accounted for their appear ance in the little chapel. Now, it happened that the . officers, being about tbe most distinguished strangers who had ever set foot iu Little Bethel, were not stowed away in odd nooks and corners, as was the common cnBtom in that chapel, but were con ducted to a high place and . post of honour jnst in front of tbe platform from which presently St. Anthony, Michael O'Sheeney, Esq., would expound his views on Honesty the best policy,' where, besides being the observed of all observers, they might be the observers of all there might be to observe. Hartog, when he had straightened his back and settled "himself on the comfortable cushions of Iris seat, looked ronnd npon the building and its occupants, and, as his eyes fell npon the crowded galleiy which ran round three sides of the edifice, his eyebrows raised themselves perceptibly, and hie elbow took a trip iuto Booties' ribs. Booties sat next to him. ' Half the regiment is here,' he whispered. 1 How on earth did they get scent of it !' Booties looked aronnd solemnly. Yes, there was a veiy fair spriukling of red costs among the more sombre garments of the elect. He shrugged his shoulders about as much as Hartog had raised hiB eyebrows, and fixed hie Bereno gaze upon the doomed platform before him. The platform was a square topped affair of well-polished mahogany, like a big bracket or a console-table, and was reached by four neatly-carpeted steps, evidently of separate and distinct ex istence from the eminence to which they led . Along the front and at end side there was ' a slight iron railing with a mahogany hand-raiL ' So far so good,' said Booties to him- selt ; and tnen there were signs of the service being about to begin. First, by the appearance of St. Anthony Michael O'Sheeney, Esquire, in a, frock-coat and white tie, who was ushered in between two black-coated men, common lookingfellows both, though the wbit9 choker of one showed him to be pastor of the flock. O'Sheeney'e solemn and righteous countenance was well-nigh too much for the gravity of Hartog and one or two of the Scarlet Lancer young sters, and then the start he gave when he perceived the goodly show the regiment had made npon the auspicious occasion brought a ghost of a laugh to disturb the habitual serenity of Booties' good-looking impassive face. The service began with the singing of a hymn, given out two lines at a time by the pastor, and song by the people ont of books which they all seemed perfectly able read. This done, a prayer followed or, to speak with truth, an address to the Almighty, long, fervid, not to say impassioned, -slightly dictatorial, and distinctly extempore. Then there was a lesson, followed by another hymn, song as before. Then another prayer, another hymn, and then there was a dead silence, whilst St Anthony Michael O'Sheeney, Esquire, ascended to the platform. A glance was sufficient to show that he was painfully nervous. He Bhuffled about UDeasily on his feet, and looked any where and everywhere bnt at nine in terested faces just iu front of him. Without doubt it was a particularly trying position for him to be iu, for there was nothing bnt the wall behind him and the slight railing in front of him. Nowhere that he could hide nervons hands, no hassock on which to rest nervnim fppt nnthinir hpfiind ivfiirii tn hide half his nervons body. No, there he stood exposed to the straight and merciless gaze of nine pairs of hostile ! eyes, which had come there -wholly and aolety to witness his humiliation and discomfort. However, he conld not stand there looking like a fool, so be cleared Ub throat, and, referring to a paper in hie hand, made an announcement in an exceedingly hoarse and shaky voice : ' The offerings of the congregation to night, my brethren, will be given to the society for the spread of the True Gospel in 'eathen England.' In iris excitement he dropped an aspirate, and percieving it he made np for the defect by promptly adding one on to the next word. By 'eathen Hengland,' he continued, ' is meant those masses of the Protestant Chnrch : who are blindly rushing along . the ruinous road which leads to the accursed slavery . of the power of tbe Pope, and ends' — here be caught Booties' grave attentive eyes, and lost his nerve, his voice, and something else at the moment' — and. ends in — VHL1 A manner of self righteone sympathy ran through the chapel of the Trne Gospel, and the plates of shining, well- polished Britannia metal promptly went after it. There was a sweet chink-chink of falling coins, not the least weighty or welcome being tbe broad silver pieces ' contributed by the nine, 'eathens, who, it most be con fessed, had come to scoff and did not, any of them, so 'for, seem inclined for remaining to pray. Then,' the collection being finished, the sea of hard work-a- day faces settled themselves to listen with all attention to the disconrse oh ' Honesty is the best policy.' There was -a short panse, and a shower of CO'JgbB. - ' 'There is an old Baying,' began St. Anthoiiy. Michael Q'Sheeriey, . Esquire, 'which says, "Honssty is the best policy.'1 My. dear friends, it is the only policy. Yon ask, what is honesty !'— he gave each letter ofthe word its full value — ' and I tell you it is honesty that keeps the head of ihe world abuve the waters of the " Slough of Despond j" it is honesty that takes away the taint out of the sinks of iniquity ; it is honesty that makes men do right iu the hour of temp tation ; it is honesty that enables a man to stand up in the face of his fellow-meD and say, " I have fonght the good fight ;" -it is honesty that makes that man keep from boasting of his good works, remem bering the words of the great and oft- tried apostle, " Let every man that standeth take heed lest he—" ' But the sermon was cat short by a very practical illustration of -the words even then upon his tongue. Up to that moment he had come along as fluently and flourishing as ever j then there was a sadden larch forward of his vantage- gronnd, a sadden sprawl of the preacher, ' a scream from the women, a gasp from the men, and, in less time than it takes me to write a third of my own name, wail and platform parted company, and St. Anthony Michael O'Sheeney Esqnire, had descended like a dove, or a spread eagle, and web lying grovelling on his dishonest old face on the floor of Little Bethel. In the confusion which fallowed in the fuss of his being gathered np and borne tenderly into the vestry, the Scarlet Lancers made their escape, Booties haying, for tbp sake of decency, ascertained that he was no worse than a trifle Bhakeu, and in a towering rage. And O, what a rage he was in ! As soon as he was able to return to the barracks, he made his way to Booties' quarters, passionately accusing him of -being what he called the ringleader in the disgraceful and profane insnlt, and promieiog in good round terms to make a foil report of the whole affair to the Colonel as soon as he shonld be in the office in the morning. Booties replied calmly and to the point : ton can please yourself about that, of course, Mr. O'Sheeney,1 he said quietly, to the delight of the fellows who were present ; « but I rather fancy the Colonel will require you to-morrow moruiug before you have occasion to seek him. I had the pleasure, Mr. O'Sheeney, of being weighed this after noon on the scales in nse for officers' baggage. I scaled jnst nnder nineteen etone ; my weight an hour later on a less interested balance was eleven stone eleven. Carious — eh !' ' It's a lie 1' shouted the quartermaster furiously, as he turned to leave the room. ' I'll thank you, Mr. O'Sheeney,' said Booties, with provoking politeness, ' not to nse tbat kind of language to me ; and? in a considerably higher and more forcible tone, ' yon needn't trouble to go and alter those scales — they are under lock and key and a strict guard. I fancy that to-morrow we shall see a striking illustration of your text that " honesty is the best policy.' " 