; X3QRRESpNDEN0B. ; .((Sir,— In G. Baker's lettor, whioli appeared in ybiir i>aper ' of 28th ult., 1 nin accused of plagiarism, but if quoting passages of Scripture cau be called by this epitliot then the clergy are more often in fault than Laymbo. G.li.' ap pears now to have read the works of the two leamed Judgea, wlnoh he states ho hud n?.t..soea when his first letter was writton, and gives one quotation from " Religion Without Supersti tion," which should lmvo been referred to the author — Mr Justice Williams, if- he thinks tlio text quoted by hiin — James 2, 19, requires an explanation. He next goes oh to sayr— I; will now give a specimen of "Layman's " misquota tions, the first being from Rev. 22, 8, 9. with the so- called correct rendering— the meaning of which, in Walker and Webstor combined, is the laying tbo first coat of plaster on a brick' wall. The second from Phil. 2, 12, 13., also bear in mind is correctly quoted by Mr B. I. have ox amined the quotations reforred to, and rsajly cannot understand how they can bo considered misquotations, unloss G.B. thinks I should h&ve; quoted, in oaoli case, the whole verso.,. If tjxia is what ho moans by correct rendering,' he lias fallen into tho samo error in Rev. 22, ,8, , 9, where ho ends with the word " Prpphbtp, )in? stead of quoting tho remainder ,of tho. 9tft verse, which concludes with tho words " and .pf thorn whichvkeop the sayings of this book: worship God." I would advise him to ;:re.ad again carofully my letter of ' the 25th ult., and compare it with - his own of ,28th. I would also ask him (if he can) to furnish me with any Scripture warranting tho expressions God the Sou and God the Holy Ghost: Likevyiaf, at his convenience, all the strongest: texts 'to be - found in tho Bible, which support the doctrine of the Trinity, keeping in mind that the passage — 1st John, 5,7 — is now struck out of-tbe revised New Testament. Though I sinoeroly , oongratu- lato those who aro desirous of getting rid of the Athanasiau Creed altogether, I shall not in flict on my readers a recital of the whole Creed. I must quote a few soutoncos. Wo alljknow about tho threo Eternals; which are so illogically said to bo ouo Eternal, throe Unoroated called one Uncreated; and threo Incomprobeheiblos averred to bo one Incomprehensible ;Thre<J Almighties made into ouo Almighty;, throe Gods turned into one God, and three Lords reduced to one Lord. — "And in this Trinity none.,;is afore or after another; none is greater or.lbM than another ; but the whole three persons 'are co-eternal _ together and co-equal ; so that in all things as is aforesaid, the Unity in Trinity, and - the Trinity in Unity is to be worshipped.: Ho therefore that will bo saved must thus tliiujt of Trinity." Now, Mr Editor, as I cannot for the life of mo so think of tho Trinity ; if Athanasius or any orthodox miuister hnppons , to.. bo my judge, " without doubt, I shall .perish everlaat- ingiy." Such doctriuos, however, aro.' as con trary to Scripture as thoy are repugnant ,to common sense ; for ." Ho hath phqwod, theg. pi man, what, is good ; apd what doth., the Rdf? require of thoe, but to do justly, and to,l.Qvp moroy, and to walk humbly with thy God. (Micah, 6, 8). And if we thus fulfil our duty to the. boat, ,of our power, dospito the. Atlinnoaian Orood, ' our ! Heavenly Fathor will assuredly "guide ua with His counsel, and afterwards ro> ceivo us to glory." (P«ftlm, 73, 24). It is por- Iiaps not altogether out. of place in mo to say that Unitarians have had, and still liavo, men of brith 'talent and genius, both luarning and wis dom, .both virluo and godliness, both rati 1c uiul hutiiihly tlot to bo surpassed by any othorsect. It is related in the Gospel according to Mnt- tlioiv 1st chap. 20th verso that " The angel of tho Lord appeared to Josoph in a dream, say- ins, Joseph, thou soil of David, foar not to (take unto tltue Mary thy wifo ; for that which is conceived in:, bur is of tho Holy Ghost." Now,;! submit that this is a very dubious talo, resting' solely on tho dream of an obscure nrti- zin. Why did not the angel appoar to Joseph! in broad; day light, and before crodiblo wit nesses ?' tHowldid Josoph know that it was an; angel, for it seems ho only dreamt it? This1 storyiof, tho nngeh announcing what tho church calls the immticulnto eoncoption, is not so much! ns mentioned in the books ascribed to Mark and ' John,, aud it is differently rotated in Matthuw uudHLuko.; The former says tho angel appeared to Joseph, the. lall or sayB it was to Mary, but whore is. the evideuce? Wo hear nothing of "angel's 'visits nqw-a-daya. Man has become so cautions in his . boliof and so aeoptical in his doubts that hp looks with distrust on ovory thing tjiiit. iiij not ametinblo to his reason, or langihlo to Ins senses. . Lulco 1st chap. 32nd: ami 33rd verses report souio conversations that: occurred 1 Uetvvobii Zacharias arid iiu atigelj jlnd' also betwoeu Mary and an angel when he camo: .to nunoltUcb'" hor own conception to herself.", .Tlio ilngel promised Mary "God shall givo' unto Jesus the throno of his Father David, and he. shall reign over' the house of Jacob for evor,: aiid'df his kingdom there shall'-' be no end." Now .this., promise liQvor has been fulfilled.! Jesus' hover sat oil tho throqo of David, r hovor reigned ovor the house of Jacob, nor did ho over ' restore tjiu kinjjdbm of Isirabl. ' Oil the corilrary, Ibb Israelites look. oii him as ad' impostor, do- spiso his followers, and duuounce his religion; and the country itself is in tho hauds of tho fol lowers of Mahomod I — Yours, &c.;, Yaughan, January 15th, 1885. LAYMAN.- : 