TRAINING NOTES. FLEMINGTON, TUESDAY MOHNING. The Flemington training-ground on Tuesday was very heavy from the late rains. But this could only be expected from the continuance ol rain for the last three or four weeks. The cinder track was the only one available for horses moving along at a strong pace. Morrison and PrcstwJoh were down with their respective teams before breakfast, but they were cantering only. ( Nicholson had four of Mr. D. Robert son's hones working, Moonshee, Coronet, the two year-old Claudian, and Cincinnatus, the latter bowling along strongly for a round of the cinders. Coffey had a long string working, Rataplan, Indian Queen, Rebus, Bonnie Scotland, Fernlea, Hurricane, Capri, Honeyoomb, Genoe, and Aoolyte. M'lvor was on Progress, cantering; he also sent Soobeloff useful work, and a four-year-old colt, by St. Albans, was exercising. Abe Davis gave Pride of Oaklands good briBk exercise. Chloe, Ned of the Hills, the brother to Middlemarch, with three or four other yearling^ were trotting and cantering. Beauchatnp Lad, Guard fish,and Echo w ere doing exorcise; Velocipede was on the ground walking. Steve JI'Mahon had four, Stonebroke, Brella, Suncroft, and a stranger, who lately joined the stable. Mr. F. Dak in came and cantered his horses, Commotion, Fr.vingpan, Plausible, Arsenal, The Trawler, and otherB. Tibbals had a strong team, Yidette, St. Albert (who arrived from Tasmania a few days ago), Lead On, Eagle, and three or four others, at work. G. Read was exercising his string, The Agent, St. John, Jocular, Reticent, Go vernor, Agitation, The Islander, and Countryman, the last-named striding along at a brisk gallop on the cinders. Taxaraxacum was doing 6ome half-pace work. James Wilson, jun., had a 6tring of nine, in cluding The Bey, Lucky Hit, Off Colour, Ring master, Evje, First Prince, I.O.U., Hampstead, and Waiting Maid, doing cantering work. W. Johnson was exercising four or five horses; Impulse and Lando were amongst the lot. J. A. Lang had Vergy, Agatha, Stornowar, Batburst, and a five-year old mare by St Albans-The Witch. Robinson was working Cecrops and a oouple of others. Jellett's colt Perchance, brother to Guesswork, was indulging in slow exercise. H. Teend was giving Dark Duke, Washington, and Carnation mild exercise; Phan tom, Vernet, and Wildrake were also doing work. Chifney worked his team on the turf, and was school I ing Equity over the big timber, but the ground being eo slippery, the horse came down. Tissue and Kit Nubbles were cantering; the latter has grown into a great, fine horse, and the filly is a fine one. CAULFIELD, THURSDAY. The tracks this morning were in fair going order, the outer portion of the running ground being open, and it was in capital trim, though a trifle heavy. Mr. Connolly- was the first to oommenoe. He had Lady Ashton, Irene (by Richmond-Sybil), Novelette, Orlando, Zona, Mossiface, and a three-year-old colt Yainma, by The Diver; they were all striding along for serviceable cxercise. Mr. Davis was on the ground with Camerine, Manxman, a yearling by Mer cury-Daystar, a yearling by Mercury or Gondelicr, and Meerschaum; the lot were cantering, David having retired for a long rest to Mr. Davis's estate in Gipps Land. Mr. Kerr was working a Contractoryeariing, a Progress yearling, and Mountain Lass. Mr. John Leek had a pair exercising in the Neckeregat colt Plympton and a useful-looking hurdlerace mure by Kingdom. J. King was cantering Vanderbilt and Union Jack. Mr. Sclman had Too Too And The Gift, a three-year-old colt by Piscator-CJi&rity;, striding along at half pace. Allen was doing exercise with Dunleary. Batty was working Deceiver, Inglesides, and Bard of Erin; be eent Umberto a sharp gallop about five furlongs. T. Jones has got a long string in pre paretion; Waveriey was having a long canter; Louie, it three year o'.d, by Muibymong, was doing long slow work, Primus having a bit of brisk galloping over five furlongs; Violet was cantering, the balance of the team not putting in an appearance ! in oonsequence of the ran, the lot consisting of Hippogriff, Bohemian, Melodious, First Pop, Bunk Bonny, and three yearlings; after a slight break in j the weather Lisctte came out, and she strode twice round the ground for good serviceable work. Mr. Harper also did useful exercise with Despatch, and a Piscator yearling was cantering, Uncas being in dulged in a epell for a time. tlr.'Duffett's and F. Lensr's horses did not . exorcise, the former having Tlie Ghost, Grace Darling, Nuncio, Clifton, a couple of yearlings, and a two-year-old chesnut filly, Bonny Bell. Leng's team consists of Taduior, Delainia, Solo, and a pair of two year olds. 