GBAHD NATIONAL ENTRIES. Monday next, the 15th of June, ii an important one for owners and trainers. On that date entries must be made for the V.B.O. Grand National Meeting, the V.A.T.O. Grand National Meeting, and the i£leternwicfc Park Hurdle and Grand National Steeple- ali.a. Tlia VUY! nwnwMmmA.il n rinli and attractive one, comprising as it does a Maiden Hurdle Race, with 200 sovs. added ; Maiden Steeplechase) with 200 eovs. added ; Grand National Hurdle with 400- sovs. added; Grand National Steeplechase, with 600 sovs. added ; Selling Race, with 150 eovs. added j and Flat Race, with 160 sotb. added. The V.A.T.O. programme is also a good one, . with its Hurdle Race, Victoria Gold Cap, Ladies' Trophy, Open Steeple chase, ana Richmond Handicap. Themeeling is always an -attractive one for the fair sex, and, the trophy is sure to fill well. Mr. Haydon has also hit on Monday for receiving entries for . the Hurdle Race and Grand NatioD&l; Steeplechase, to be run at Elstern wick Park on 4tli July. J£e. S"ob Thompson tells me that dnring the past Ariohth hal laid the following Derby and Cap wagers £10,000 to £60, Newstead and Sardine ; £10,000 to £50, iNewstead and Welcome Jaok ; £10,000 to i£50, Neweteai arid First Demon; £10,000 to £30, NewBtead and -.Joanna ; £5000 to j£26, Newstead and Wiog; £5000 to £100 leach, the two Newsteads and the two Monte 'iChristos; £10,900 to £60, Dnnlop and Rardins; £10,000 to £50, N.Z. Manchester and Sardine; £10,000 , to £30,. First, Frinoe ahd Welcome Jack ;<Rnd innumerable, smaller bets. -His -btrsrht-oot Deihy hook 'shows £1000 to £160, Newstead ; £400 to i£60, Monte Christo ; £1000 to£50,Isonomy; and £1000 .to £50, Gasoonade; £150 to ,£100, Newstead, 1, 2, 3. Straight-oat Cup !bettiQg<—£1000 to £40, Sardine ; £1000 to i£30, Anriiorite ; and £1000 to £20, Wing. He has also laid a few wagers at £1000 to l£3 Oanlfield and Melbourne Cups. Saturday created a good deal of unpleasant ness on the oourse, both jookeys being jhooted, and Corrigan, who was surrounded Iby a yelling mob, rook- one of the Iforemost a sharp iCtaokwitiOus whip. The :whole affair in tnking the wrong tarn .wan unquestionably purely accidental, and is itbe more inexplicable when it is remembered that both Corrigan and Cree have frequently ridden over the oourse before, Cree aotnaQy winning the Steepleohase on Sham- rook in 83, when Rang, on thd tavonrite,« Songster, ran the wrong oourse, and although some very rough remarks were passed on the lad's riding at the time, the occurrence was probably as accidental as that of last Satur day. Another queer coincidence that I note is that Regan, who finished eeoond on Wrangler when Songster jwent the wrong way, occupied the same position' to Progress on Saturday. The turfite who would have been bold enough to predict in the spring of '83, when Archie waB in all his glory, and five to four was laid on him for the V.R.C. Derby, that the son of Rapidity, as a four-year-old, would be eight ponnds inferior to St. Law rence, would be considered insane ; but the whirligig of time brings about strange re versals, and while St. Lawrence has im proved vastly, Archie seems to' have gone altogether off since he figured so ignomini- ously in the Derby, his only performance of any note sinoe, being his Bagot Plate viotory, when he beatFryingpan, Dirk Hat- teraiok, and Co. Archie and St. Lawrenoe met in the Contingent Stakes at Sydney on Saturday at a difference of 81b. in favour of the first-named colt, who finished third, St. Lawrence falling when running well. With the exception of Echo and Storm, ou each of whom odds of 7 to 4 were laid, the favourites were altogether out of it at the Sydney Tattersall's Meeting on Satur day, and the members of the ring present must have enjoyed the day's sport im mensely. MBeootte, the winner of the Flyiog Handicap, left the paddock almost unbacked at 10 to 1, and jnst beat Fuse, the favourite, by half a length. Progress is quoted at 8 to 1 for the Steeplechase, and the same odds were forthcoming about Tom Browo, who had little difficulty in olearing out from his field in the Contingent Stakes after St. Lawrenoe and Rapid had fallen. Proceedings at the Sydney Steeplechase Meeting on Saturday seem to have been a trifle h&aby.; Numerous double boobs on the Hurdle and Steeple were opened and brisk business transacted, Hunter, Indian Queen, and Echo being freely baoked for the first in conjunction with Sir Patriot, Indian Queen, Olarenoe, and Progress for the Steepleohase. Neither Hunter nor Sir Patrick started for their respective events, although both horses were taken specially over to Sydney, and it is a significant fact that, when the wire came through to Melbourne that Echo had won the Hurdle Race, seven to four was the best offer obtainable about Clarence's chanoe of winning the Steeplechase, while twenty to one was offered against Sir Patrick. However, all the fanoy doubles appear to have been spoiled owing to the altogether unforeseen contretemps which occurred through Clarenoe and Indian Queen going thejwrong oourse when it looked a guinea to a gooseberry on the pair finishing first and second. Queer little inoidenta and coincidences crop np daily in the experiences of all raoing men, but the following strange fsot, which Mr. Joe Thompson has jnst related to me, is about the queerest exemplification of the nnacoonntable that I have met for a long time:— At the time of the Cootamnndra catastrophe, about five months back, when Mr. Thompson was being oarried up to the hotel at Cootamundra, a constable handed a package, containing his watch, chain, &o.;, to someone— he didn't remember whom— and the articles have been missing until yes terday afternoon, when Mr.Thompson handed me a telegram from his brqther Jaok, of wbioh the enoloBed is a oopy "Your watch, obaiD, locket, matchbox, studs, and sleeve-links have just been found in my overooat pocket, where they have remained since the Coota mundra accident." It appears that the ooat has been banging np unused since the day of the smash. The articles were eaeh valuable, Mrr Thompson is, of course, pleased to know that they are safe, and his brother's wire was received by him with great glee yesterday morning, the mysterious fact of their having lain perdut so long adding intensely to his gratification. Reginald, the A.J.C. Autumn hero, who has been having a short rest, has been put in work again, as also have been Commotion and Fryingpan. The little difficulty caused by the fixing of theGeelongand Moonee Valley meetings on the 1st August has been got over in 'an agreeable manner. Mr. Cox has decided to hold bis meeting on the following Saturday, the 8th August. Richard Rowe is again in the field as jockey and trainer. His successes with Sus sex, Dalesman, Sheet Anchor, and others are still fresh in memory, and he should receive a fair share of patronage. , , . . , , r The Mooroopna Club intend to hold a Winter Meeting on the the first of next month. Tbeprogramme consists of fire events, namely : —Hurdle Race, of 15 sovs. ; Selling Race, of 10 sovs. ; Winter Handicap, pf 20 eovs. ; Ladies' Bracelet, value 10 sois. and Ptrewoll Handicap, of 15 sovb. "Nominations fbr the Hurdle Race, Winter, Farewell, and Ladies' Bracelet Handicaps are duo on 15th June. The weights are to be published on the 22nd June, and the date of acceptances and general entry is 29th June. Regarding the abseooe oLWeloome Jaok's name from the entriesYor IraAftelboarne Cap a Sydney paper says "Raring folk -were muoh puzzled at the non-appearance of the name of the oraok NewSeafander, Welcome Jaok, in the list of entries'/or the Melbourne Cap, and the omission wiHrin a day or two be the subject of consideration by the com mittee of the V.R.C. JU .appeers that Mr. E. E. Jones, who was commissioned to enter Welcome Jaok -tot the Melbourne Cap and other important rabee: for wbioh he was eligible, filled up a foim'at the A.J.C. office on Monday,' but, being informed that it was -necessary 40-enteroB separate -forms for each yaoe, he Aid;o., ,;Qjrintr to an oversight, however, the ODtries.of!. Welcome J aok, while being handed vi4by|thB nomin ator from the desk atwhiohthcyrare written) became displaced, r>d one— mat for the Mel bourne Cap— was left wher6;W4iad been made out. When the full lists Appeared on Tuesday, and Weloome Jaok was not in cluded, Mr. Jones inquired as to ihe cause, and was surprised to hear' that the Rone HrigK .without throwing any lighten - the nase, bnt at length the tnl'<ng onef was found on the desk where it iiad been jnod' put .the previous afternoon.- Of oourse nothing could be done in the mattef by the A.J.C. only to write and acqnaint ihe Victorian authorities with fall particulars of the mistake. It is only too cleat that the ontry was intended to be made, as all the evidence Ithat is neoessa'ry ' is forthcoming . to that offeot; and as there oan be nb doubt that no fraud was intended, and the tona-Jidcs of the case guaranteed, the "V..0. oan hardly object to tbe bntry'neihg allbtved to stand." £The omission of the horse's name in the oif-" numstanoes is a matter -for regret, but the V.R.C. have no power to remedy the omis-T eion.— Ed. $ A short time since we mentioned that some litigation was taking plaoe in the Tasmanian oourts in reference to tbe sale of the race horse Bonnie Doon. Mr. A. M'Bain sought .to recover fromlMr. James Hamilton, the sec retary of the T.T.C., £60, b&Ianoe; of pur chase money for the sale of the horse. Tbe defendant pleaded a set-off of £50 for com mission on tbe sale. It was agreed to take a verdict from two ont of three of the jury men who derided in favour of the defendant. The fanoy wager of a thousand pounds to a sovereign was laid at Scott's Hotel on Monday against the top weight, or the three top weights, winning the 8ydney . Metropoli tan, Canlfieid Cup, and Melbourne Cop. As a thousand to two is offered against the last- named double the taker of the bet refen-ed to has nothing the best of it. ' ' J At a ocimmittee meeting of the Warrnam- bool Raring Club, held on Friday; Y9th May, an interim balance-sheet was produoed by Mr. J. Bostook, the acting secretary, end il showed tbe affairs of the institution to be in a very flourishing state. Tbe credit balanoe amounted to £560, of which £300 was mads over the recent meeting. A number of im provements are.tifbe made, and the stakes, are to be increased. It is intended, if pos sible, to have a Grand National Steepleohase of £400. The reduotion of the subscription fee from £3 3s. to £2 2s. has had the effeot of attracting a large number of members, bestdeB adding £145 to the funds of the club. Messrs, Grainger and D'Ebbo, of Mel bourne, are tbe euooesaful architects for the Auokland Raring Club's grand-stand, to be erected at a cost of £5000. Mr; Grainger hbs been asked to visit Auokland In order to render the plan more suitable for looal requirements. - - Should this meet the eye of an individua who lately left the books lamenting after making his first big loss to them, perhaps he will think that fair dealing is, siter all, the .best, or, may be, he will regard Gonthall as being a fool for parting. - It will be remembered that the latter, who is the well- known Indian trainer, received a rather severe knock over the Gold Cap Meeting. He left for India . soon after- Wards, promising that his creditors would not have long to writ for their money. - The promise was something more than an empty one, as last week a telegram was received from the agents of his employers Instructing them to pay his bets. Mr. J. Harper did the settling. 8ncb conduct is, to. say the least, praiseworthy in every respect. Whilst we are enjoying plenty of rain— in fact, too much for racing people— our friends over at Sydney aire loudly crying out for the moisture. . (The oourse at RandwicYw&e; veiy hard on Saturday i&et;, andfihe Rosehill Club hav$ postponed 'their meeting, whidh'wig) to krnve DewiJibld on Saturdaynext. Thunderbolt, whom many enthusiastic tNew Zealanders regard as the equal, if not superior) of Martini- Henry, is in the principal Taoes of the coming season. If he is all hie admirers say, there will be some joy in New Zealand after some of the big events are run'. Mr. JahKS Wilson, of St. Albans, has parted with his well-known horse, King of the Ring. The son of Acs of Clubs has been purchased by Mr. Cooke, of Mumdal, where he should be a success, as there are some fine mares on the estate. As the sire of First King and Petrea alone he will always be remembered. Rufus, the winner of the last V.R.C. Derby, was also a son of his. Mb. Eli Jbllbtt has been extremely un fortunate for some time wet, and he could do veiy well with another llichmond. He has a promising colt in Perchance, Guesswork's brother, who, however, came to grief the other day. A son of Mr. Jellett's was riding him through the railway gates when some boys suddenly rushed out of the gate-keeper's box. They frightened the colt, who swerved and fell on the rails. The fall was a heavy one, one of the stump irons being doubled up, but young Jellett stuck to him. The colt did not appear to be much injured at tbe time, hut afterwards one of his legs swelled up, and it is doubtful whether he can be properly prepared for his coming engage ments. The paragraph in onr last issue regarding the unfortunate aocident which happened to W. Harden has had its result. Mr. Alfred Josephs, the bookmaker, sent a cheque for £5 0s. 6d. for Harden, and it is probable that other donations will follow. David is' being treated to a well deserved spell. He went throogh a lot of work, and his performances in the V.R.C. Derby, . Leger, and Champion were of an excellent oharacter, the little fellow being of the gamestsort. - ,Wb would draw attention to an advertise ment of the Aooident Insurance Association of New .Zealand appearing in onr columns with reference to insuring athletes against death or disablement through accident. This association makes a specialty of this class of business, and has already Insured several metropolitan blobB, inoluding the Melbourne, Essendon,and WiUiamBtown Football Clubs. The offioes of -the -association Are situated at Victoria -Chambers, £9 Queen-street, -Mel bourne. The recent oold weather has had its effeot on quadrupeds as well as bipeds. Old Angler died at Bondoora. The son of Fisherman was bred in 8outh Australia by Mr. Hurtle Fisher, in 1862. As a three-year-old he ran third in the A.J.O. Derby won by Clove, and behind him were Tim Whiffler and Mari tana. He failed to ran Into a plaoe for the Melbourne Cop won by Toryboy, bnt he .was a good fourth. On the seoond day, however, he won the Derby, and he was seoond to Volnnteer in the Queen's Plate on the third day. Amongst those he beat was Panic. He next won the Ballarat Derby, and he was regardedwith great faronr for jbhe Champion. An onfortunate accident, however, destroyed all his .ch&noes; ; a bone i ran into his foot, and he had to be scratched. He next won tbe Leger ; bnt he was un placed in the A.J.C. Leger. He was then sent to tbe stud, and Chrysolite was pat ts bim when be was a four-year-old. She was tbe pnly mare wbioh visited him, and the result .Was CJeolite, one the gamest mares of bar time; She won the Kynetou Handicap, and. tten some injuries caused her death. Jtogler was sent to the Western district,' where he j pot another worthy representative in Lord ! Tarry, who plaoed a number of viotories to the. -credit of Mr. Martin Loughlin, after which he was sold to go to Singapore. He literally swept the hoard there. The late Mr. George Petty became the owner of Angler, and Chrysolite onoe more visited him. The union produoed Onyx and Robinson Crusoe. ' The mare is beet known &e; the dam of the game little Sardonyx and Nordenfeldt, who is in good hands. Robinson Qtueoe was in the disastrous trip of the City off Melbourne, but he survived, and in Navigator had a very worthy son. The result of the mating of- Angler and Coquette w«f Progress, who, notwithstanding bis having to compete with the unbeaten Grand Flaneur, did a tremend ous quantity ol work, and won several good races. These ate only a few of his prominent descendants, but they are all of the game sort. Australian courses are usually very per fect in all their arrangements, but a new scratching-board, patented by Mr. Thomas Haydon and Mr. Thomas Gaunt, both prac tical men, will make them more perfect than ever. Electricity is introduced into the new machine. Any number of ecratching-boardi of tbe usual size can be used. Each number on tbe boards will have a duplicate in the clerk's office, and, whenever a scratching is made, the pressure of a button will oause the number to drop behind the board. Over the board provision is made for a clock, which giveB the official time, the time the last race was run in, and the starting time of the following race. Altogether the apparatus should come into general use. The winter programme of the Geelong Racing Club is an attractive one, and the number and variety of events should satisfy the moBt fastidious raring man. First there is the Hurdle Race, of 3 eovs. each, with 75 eors. added ; tbe Railway Stakes, of 2 sovs., with 50 eovs. added ; tbe First Two-year-old Stakes, of 50 sovs. ; Steeplechase, of 100 sovs., with 3 sots, for acceptors ; Winter Handicap, of 80 sots. ; Selling Flat Race, of 70 sots. ; and Distance Handicap Trot, of 2 sots., with' 30 sots, added. Nominations close on Monday, 13th July; weights will be published on the 22nd July; ana all horses not scratched before 4 o'clock on the 30th will be oftdered acceptors. Msffiss. W. C. Yuuxe and Co. hold a sale of raeehorses at Tattersall's Bazaar, in Exhibition-street, to-day. Several good ones will be submitted. Amongst tbem are The Ghost, by Hamlet from Mystery, winner of the Ladies' Bracelet ; Grace Darling, by Tbe Diver from Zoe winner of the Bendigo Handicap, V.R.O. Branewick StakeB, V.A.T.O. South Yarra Handicap, and M.H.O. Birthday Handicap ; Luoky Hit, Pe&cook;, and Ulverstone. There are also Bonnie Dundee, by St. Albans, a relative of Coronet, Tasm&n;, Blink Bonny, and Ring- wood ; Little King, Forward, and last, bnt by no means least, Royal Maid, the well- known hurdle-racer. She has won hurdle and flat races with all weights. ' Souk surprise was expressed at the absenoe of Ringwood'e name from the Cup and Champion entries. A telegram of his entry waft sent from Ballarat at 3.44, and although it arrived in Melbourne a few moments afterwards, the telegram was not delivered at the V.R.O. office until twenty minutes past four o'olook. Of course it was too late. Ringwood has now been srid, his destination being India, and the price 80 0 guineas. The National Agricultural Society is evi dently determined not to be behind the New South Wales Association in the matter of encouraging a good etamp of steeplechasers and hunters. The New South Wales Society have offered two prizes, particulars of which have appeared in our advertising columns for some weeks past. The National Agricul tural Society also intend giving two prizes for hunters. In each event the first prize will be 50 sovs., the second 20 sots., and the third 10 sotb. The first event will be for horses to carry not less than 13it., and the second for horses to be np to list. The horses must be up to these weights with tbe bounds. The necessary prize money, with the exception of about £50, has already been obtained, and it £ to be hoped that the balance will also soon be in hand. The June number of 41 Oxenham's Monthly Turf Register," whioh will be pub lished on the 16th inet., contains, in addition to the ronning of the horseB for the past month, full nominations for all the principal Spring events. In deferenoe to the requests of innumerable correspondents, we have wired to Sydney and ascertained that Hunter was scratched for Hurdle 'Race at a quarter to 12, and Sir Patrick for Steepleohase at 26 minutes past 12 on the day o! the raoe. The whole affair in connection with the despatch of these horses to Sydney and their scratching looks peculiar. Owners, trainers, and others are reminded that, at 3 o'olook this afternoon, Messrs. Wal- stab and Son will offer for sale, on the pre mises, Mr. Morris Griffin's property at Brighton Beaoh, close to Grimbly'e Hotel. The stabling, whioh was built under Mr. Griffin's personal supervision, is very com plete, and comprises 11 perfeotly- fitted and well-furnished boxes. King of the Gypsxbs has been n ibbled at during the week for the Melbourne Oop by a rather successful punter, who has also baoked the double. Velocipede for the Oaul- field Gup coupled with King of the Gipsies for the big two-mile event. The nominations for the Baitnsdale races appear in another column. The different events have filled tip remarkably well, and there is every appearance of a good meeting. : 'Thb programme of the Winter Meeting of the Wiliiaxostowii Racing Club appears in onr advertising columns. It comprises t Hurdle Race of 60 sovs., Railway Stakes , pf 60 sovs., Steepleohase, of 0sova., Selifng Raoe of 50 sovs., and Epsom Handicap of 60 sovs. Nominations are to be made at Bowes' Australian Hotel , Bonrke-stree t west; before 4 p.m., or at the" Steam Packet, William stown, before 9 p.m., on Monday, 13th July., Weights will be deolarOd on Tuesday, 21it July. , . l A. vuhbbb of questions have been asked us sb to doable and treble bets on Saturday football matches. We deal with the in our leading columns. - 4 Sevbeav of the xnet&llicians; who havn books opeifon the Waterloo Gup have raised . the print Relative to the disposal of wagers In the event of the Blue Riband of the TftSBh hot JUljug. I. briiavA — ib&t; ntirgqy is now hardly .possible, as the Cop. is now almost full, and the oonrsing bookmakers may continue backingtbe field with the utmost, confidence that the names of sixty-four dogs will be slipped into the barrel when the draw takes plaoe. ' Thb. Canterbury Jockey Club received the nice little sum of £4178 as commissionfroin the totalieatot daring last season. 