A RAILWAY GHOST. \---4- As there is a ghost in this story, according to all established rules it ought to commence with 'once upon a time,'" but as I am some what of an icoselast, not even ruch a venor able figure of speech can ensapo annihilation at my hands. .t me b exacnt in chronology at least. I had been hastily summoned from Cornwall to, the bedside of a wealthy old uncle from whom I had expectations, and as the telegram in formed me that he could not survive his pre sent attack of goot, I thought it might be a? well for me to be "in at the death," and so one foggy day in November, 1800, found me travelling to Ashbourne, a little, outl-ofthe way place, where the all gentleman lived. T'cre were but few passengers on the train, and I had the comfort ofa carriage all tomy. self. We stopped to coal at some little way. sltation, when a pamssenger was hnrriedly nahered, or rather bangcd, into my compart ment by the condoutor. The stranger was a tall, thin, middle.aged man, with a face lean and withered like a lorivolled apple. In a dress tight- fitting and of an ancient and faded black, he looked like a man who hadrun very mouch to seed, which perhups accounted for the lueuriant growth of his arms and legs. Observing hie clothes steaming with the damp air, I began to realize that it had suddenly become very cold. "Quite a change in the woeather," I re marked. "Very cold to-night, is it not?" "Don't feel the cold myself. Perhapo you would like to change places with me; there is no draft here." I replied that I should be glad to do so if it did not inconvenience him, and accordingly. we changed seats. It woe cold, and no mistake. Imust have taken a chill, for I felt the cold creeping over me in a most onacconotable manner. Look ing at my companion on the opposite seat, on whom the lamplight now shone full, I saw that his face was not so thin nor his features so withered as I at first supposed; and I muost have madem mistake as to his ego, for he was by no means as old as I had previously judged. How cold it was, to be !sure I As I looked at him, I noticed that his aspect shanged momently-that he was growing younger; that the wrinkles in his face were filling out and smoothiuag down, and that he was gradeally becoming like some one I had sreen before. As hlis checks grew rouned and ruddy, and his hair changed rom gray to brown before my very eyes, I became nervous, end endeavoured to cry out, but could not. I eas paralyzed with the cold-cold that seemed to make my limbs rigid and benumb my vitals, for Isaw that the man sitting before me wes no longer a stenger-no mere friend or acquaintance-ho had become me I I held up my hands to try to shut out the eight, and, as I did so, so that they wer withered, and thin, and old. I pressed them to my brow, to see if I were dreaming, and I foud it shrivelled, and seamed, and puckered. bad then I knew that this man--this fiend had stolen my body, and given me his. ?Iaddened with the discovery, I rose to my fct-his fect-which tottered beneath me, and I struck wildly at the vision ol myself on the other seat. But I found my arms light as vapor, for they passedover his body,which went through them, giving me the impression of pain. It was a body of shade that had been given me for my own body of flsh and blood, which this wretch has stolen. By some sorcery or asnother, we had indeed changed places. "'Sorcerer-demon I" I cried out, only to hear myaell speaking eith his eharp, cracked voice. When I saw mysell Eitting oppoaite to me, coolly addceoEing me tn my ewe voice, I could no longer credit my ceases--i, indeed, I had any of them at all lefto! my owrn. "Dare say you thick you are speaking loud now," he esaid. I anewered by oshouting for the condoctor as loudly as I could. "Ah, you might call a good deal louder than that. Why, if the carriage were lull of passengeor they could no muornehear you than they could ser you," he continued, chuoebling, and ecrewiog my featuree up into a hideously knowing grin, suech as I could never have made them assume. "You ee, my tried, yours is a body of air, of eshadow, iunseneible, impilpable to :d1 hut myself, jlust ?s it wan to at'l but you when I entered thn, carriane., You wish, prnbaps, to know who I ant. Well, two years ago to night I was a pDaeenwg-r by tli train. There was a collision with a stupid freight train, you see, and the rcsolt was lthat several passengers were injtred. Ose of them was--well, it's no use mieoilng matter- killed on the sp't. Q uite se. It was I. Yes, I am what yen uoitl call a gbost, al thoogh we do not cnmi.lckr that jost the correct term among ourseelven-we have better word for it. l'3w I have told you what am, you will, doubtless, like to know what I want. Very good; lyou Ehall stee." The ghost in my body then began to feel in my pockets, from which he drew out my meerschaum, which he filled from my poech and lit with one of my matches. " Ab," he proceeded, puofing like a steam engine," you smoke very good stuff-natural leaf an Old Judge ; not a bad mixture, though I preler a little Cavendish withit myself. Not at all a bad body of yours, either," he went on, eyeing the form in which he was sitting; "not at all a bad body; and it fits me to aT, only a little short in the arms. By the way, I find ohe of your front teeth a little loose, so don't go end say I did that, when you come to yourself again; and your nose is a little long for me, but I dare say it blows none the worse for that." I ehuddered as I saw him take out my pocket-handkerchief and use it on that cheriebed organ of mine. "Yes, I dare say now you feel the cold a little; I did st first, but it's nothing when you are used to it. I find your body very warm -being heavier than I am accustomed to wear; but it won't be for long. I require it 'positively for this night only,' as yon say in your play-bills; and will return it uninjured by the time we get to Aeshbourno. By the bye, let me beg of you to be a little careful how you throw your arms about so much as you did just now, for my body is of a more delioate nonetruetion than yours; and being so thin in substance, I am afraid you will chafe it under the arm.pits. You will observe, ladies and gentlemen"' he went on, in lecturer's style, "that if I take a lighted mato?h and Inoert it in the corner of the patient's eye, hewill feel no pain." Baying this, my dreadful companion proceeded to il!ustrate his remark by making a dive at my shadowy eye with a burning match. I certainly felt no pain as the match burned in my head. ' You will allow, after all you see, that my hbape has its advantages," the ghost pro eeded; "but it also has its diEadvantages. Try the pipe now." Itried to take the pipe -t dropped through my vapory fingers. He ploced it in my mouth; I could not hold it, nor get a whiff from it. "Precisely se," said the ghost. "Sow, this is just what has brooght me here to-night. A great smoker all my life, doing my twelve pipes a day regllarly, I have been defonct these two years, and during all that time I haven't had a smoke I Not a blessed draw. I miss my 'bacec dreadful. There is a provision made for smokders down with nus, you will under s-and; but we are governed by a Board of Directors whose general incapacity equalse that of many of your city boards. There in a stock of bodies kept for smokers, so that if you want to enjoy a pipe you mnoat into one of the bodies to get it. ]lot if you will believe me, the supply is so notori ousely insuflcient to meet the demand that there is no chance whatever for a new ghost to get a smoke. When I entered the society all nbe bodies were out in use, and booked for three yearn in advance. My name has been down on the books for two years, and there is no chanoe of my getting a body allotted to me for a twelvemouth. Fancy two years without a smoke! Why, sir,the incompe tence of cur Board is something awful. I can only explain the reason why we put up with such gross mismanagement oin the other world is because we have become so used to it in this. Our constitutions, however, are being undermined to that rxtent that the Board has at length been coerced by popular feeling into passing a measure, empoteersig gbosts to render themselves visible to a single individual at a time, in order that they may sfIect a change of bodies for short periods, al wayse with the consent of the person in ques tion, for the purpose of indulging in a hnabit which the directors say they ' cannot, how ever, but abaratearize as pernicious and in jurious.' George III. and George WVshing. too, both members of the Board, opposed tlhe meatare; they, however, were left in a ridieu lousnely semall minority. Under this new act, I obtained your body." "You never had my consent, friend Il" I cried. "It is vulgar to call names, my friend," the ghost replied, smoothing my moustache with my fidgers; "but you are trifling. I asked you to change places with me, and you agreed, as you must be well aware. But, dear mel here we are at Ashbouroe; but, however, I must finish my pipe-thinl of two years, and not a blessed draw, ray friend I " 