A dljafc wifsjj ^igqoM. A ttVUMMMNUOUS prOSNUrO of business this week over tho Chip provonts mo from doing1 full justloo to a moafc Interesting ohat with Mr, ltlgnold, behind tho sootios at tho op ova houao tlio othov night, However, tho matter is bound to ooho and trickle out in forth coming numbors of TaiitjU Talk, ; Tlioro woro two things I wan tod to do, Tlio' first was to sot down Mr, lllgnold's Impressions of things In gonoral, Tho othor was todosorlbo the Lights o' London, from bohind. Well, you know tho Lights o' London won't koop, Tho play will soon bo off tho stage, wliovoas Mr. Rlgnold will adorn it, .1 hope, for vory many years, So ho must pardon mo If I hold him over, and toll tho pooplo more about his " Lights," wliloh romlnds mo of a horrid old joke, in tho burlesque of II Trovatoro, whoro tho Gipsy Ajiuaona vlows the lightod palaoo, and oxolairas " As tho lights look so woll, tho livor within must bo healthy," • You would bo astonlshod to soo how a play liko tho Lights o' London koops tho stage hands at work all night. Of oourso tho first act, with Armitago Hall, Is sot all ready boforo tho green curtain goos up, When tho aot drop hasfallen, the built up soonohasto bo taken to piooos with tho utmost expedition, and tho snow set Is put on, ; I think tho quickest plooo of shifting stage sots I over know was In Irvlng's production of tho Oorslcan Brothers at tho London Lyceum, With a hundred stage hands, an olaborato sot was transformed into another In three minutes, Every man know exactly what to do, and ovory fragment of soonery was labollod, i ! Mr. Rignold showed mo one of tho models of a scene in the Lights o1 London. It is in paste-bonrd giving the whole thing in fao simile, with scones which have to bo built. Those models are indispen sable. You would be amazed to hoar how costly thoy are. i Well, I was going on to say that Jarvis' indespensible oaravan, four wheoler, had to bo trundled on, with Appolby and Miss.Anstead inside it. You know the scene well enough, whero Rignold comes on in the con vict dress, and does his most pathetic scene. , " I had a real convict's dross," said Rignold to me but I lent it to the Lights o' London company to travel with in New Zealand. It was lost, and I never saw it again—I shall not lend my own original prison olothos again, in a hurry. I wore that real costume whon I first played here in tho Lights o' London.* My pre sent one had to be touched up from the dress I wore in the conviot scene of Youth.'" : "Although Youth is in eight acts," continued Rig nold, " It is not a long play. You would be astonished to hear how quickly some of the acts have been done. I have known that Oonviot act, so powerful in its way, to be all performed in eight minutes. Tho last act only takes about twelve minutes." As Mr. Rignold said this he was washing off the soft make up for his misery as the poor escaped conviot Harold Armitage. I remarked upon the skill with which he made up his bare arms, all torn and scratched. " Wkll,". says Rignold, " I have had some experi ence of crawling through hawthorn hedges, and I know: a man. does not cross country-without scratches. But I am afraid you are confounding some real scratches with the mock_ ones.The'faot is I had a bad-fall last night, ih that, scene where I rescue Seth Preene from .the river. I fell flat on the boards, and the curtain dropped without Seth being rescued at all. Everybody came running jound to see if I was hurt.* • Fortunately I nly. knocked the, skin qflE my elbows, as you see." THIS' drossor was holplng Mr, cloblica.*< " Look sharp, Mr," soMIi'iTm,, fcltno for you to go on." Mr, Hlpolih„, '1 run clown, tho stairs on hearing hi, w f nearly responsible iov a stage wnlt, ^ tnuabi bo oaroM' when thoynro umu'r th '""-I T An L in Talk man's fascinations, ' ! -i!~ - | MltS. llK+NOLB ftncl Miss -Kato Bishop UtJ tioo Day's Bosoo BUbhors, nttho Nuggot 1^1 now dropped In behind tho soonoa, i^! luborviowadi Mrs. Blgnold u groat deal KJ(A Mr, iltlgnold. , Our favovlto " Willlo Sprailtr',1 iobby: Nool," (met " Mothor ShVpton"~ob,'v;| mado ma at homo at onoo, j Shu was tolling mo, how muoh albhough not ciulto, so much n91,om\ono; >';i] or Boston, Sho thought tho Opora thoatro than tho Boyal. Brtiry Lane, bail almost liar idoal of a thoatro, Xotwlthstanlia;j| 8ly.o, thoaooustlo3 wore admirable. fond o£ our public gnrdons, Living la Eu| bournosho said sho always on joyed sot through 'lMtaroy Gardens, Mns. Rionold was sorry tho Melbourne pj riot take to those admlrablo plays " Lord) nil inons" and "Adam Bodo." " Lords an(K«| was indeed a delightful ploco. Tho London f/,1 llad not liked lb at tho Haymarkot, underbill raont o£ tho Bancrofts, booauso ol Its donunil mont, which ought to liavo rocommemMlul tlourno. Hor drosses In this plcco, togcthrwl of Miss Bishop, cost £150. Mr. RlguoltWilj turned to tho room, horo gavo an nudlbleaig'a. i Ill on old took mo out upon what; "i bridge," whoro lio can survoy tlio wholci'g trohind, llko tho captain of a stoamboat orerkii doaks, Then I wont clown, again to the led saw Robins laboriously piecing together I sot for tho Rivor Scono. Tlmt water ii Jar/ well painted. It docolvcs you when quite ch front of it ara sovoral rows of black crape, wi stronka palntocl on thorn. Thoy excellently w< offoot of a rivor by night. Other ; atngo , hands are busy with arraap furniture ready for the sumptuous bom Clifford Armitago rocoivos Hetty I'rcene. hi eyoryono is busy all tho evening.. Kvcrytbiuji' in like clockwork. Yot thei'o is no hurry, Tho wholo stage works liko a big watch or supervision of Mr. Oatkcart and bts valuable w stago-manager, Mr. Hazlot. Haslet, by the >1 going about in the shirt-sleeve costume of s* Shoo danoor, or the Ghost in tho Corsica" ^ who comes sliding up tho trap. But it war1'1'' f ul hot night last week. I Thjs ventilation behind fcho scones nt the if perfect. That is to say, it is nil open tolc1, Bignold facetiously says that the behind posed of the stage and the street, nndn'tae^l formers go to dress is a puzzle. I remember^! in ft London theatre, with a stroet scene, thj^l the back of the theatre right out and shoffei^J street behind. This could very well I Opera House,. , But Ain't lot me forget Lion, Big# .. Newfoundland dog. He lny there p*! dressing-room, and knew as well as I did '"'T had to go down to the stage to do a "bit# '3'ar dome back. . [ : " You know," said Rignolcl, meditntif$J really fond of the stage. I am ono of can /either, .act 'or leave it alone, i rather leave it alone." . Here 'George heaved one of his obnm't I sighs. He is a simple fellow, when you ^Dl) I " Success," he .went on, "success ncfO' J |-head. •• What, sheaves;of glowing notices I ' y°ftj from London and America, IQ a I have always said to myself that it was#, n.v innuiry, ho mild ho oould 110b pub sm* pkiHHO himself undor ft ooab of .16800. ^eosorL thought., of Qbhollo, , Ftlioiitrlib ho oould " knock 'om " as Mopliisto Miss liftto Bishop would bo ft ' <<416K<1<I WHS SUl'O M.1S9 U.IH.U — " SSftkiiuuorit* I spoko'of his line Clallban, in fMlll'gUOrltO, suld ho, nho Tompost. oould. hardly bo on tho shoulders oJ! Ofttlbnn, Yob I SIM.W.OO, II! I ohooso, o£ staging fttid mounbiug !*•.»» !.,<■ vory favoroblo olroumstanoos," M§JI 3§§vo ho roforrod to tho fact blmt bho lloynl On ® advloo, Mr. lllguolcl snld ho would oablogmpli i'to'IipiP" tho noxt day, about a particular novelty r Jfljirussod on his attention. Bxouao this plooo of ty#nlW§ 11 aotora avo vain, what aro writers ? Good fiord (fUnd your wrltor always 1ms such a inoolc fmodcMJ, \shloh contrasts so unfavorably with tho 'Btroigbtioiivui'd stylo of tho aotor. jj*' told mo one or two curious things about ills ^aotlutfiii London. Wlion ho roplacod Augustus Harris iV-Binty l.alio, Ii [imm io, In Youth, on Augustus' holiday, bho roklptflmd begun to tail oil ft little, but thoy mounted 'ujKt#*too a night. Then oamo tho news of tho fright fldlvdjj^tur, by tiro, at tho King Thoatro, Yionna. Tho 'JCColjlw'fcll at onoo to ;C50 a night, teni i, I would not liavo mlssod for anything tho sight of the imana^peut of a good stage crowd, from behind, in the °t bights o' London. 1 saw tho pasteboard Mou! Imve spokon of, reproduced in fao sinidlu in the ' Vf' cunvn9 °t' tho stago sot, while tho whole ^practicable" houso oame down on wheels from the peculiar dim light, the combination of gas ilghtiapcl moonlight, Is prod' produced. This Is done by l^|;°iio row of tho gas jots in the flies up above $^n/|nm' tlie °tlicr rod. The shades are of gauze, idrawilWi tho lights. I wont on with the orowd In ,tho final M ono, wherein ovorybody is expected to join ,Tho illtimination of tho stago by eleotrio light, from the footlights, docs away with the steaming glare, 'which flaed'to nriso therefrom, There is quite a myriad of UtMpolectiio globes inside tho float-board, fortliefoot iligaW -.ays ho won't hnvo a pantomime this CJhrist 30Ic u going to replace it by a superior piece, on lemtxlcl o£ the London West End Theatres, whore old' ^ttloue maintains the pantomime tradition, ||| —-» - / ' . : . fea|uommittcc of the Yiotoria Ladies' Work Assooin Mlooj.ij I' hudcrs-streot East, have arranged to give a jfclMorollu dance at the Town Hall, Melbourne, in aid M'.thf iunds of the Association1, on Eriday evening^ !jj$h^!ovember, from eight to twelve'o'clock. Tickets, |1W, fid, each, may be obtained from any member of the ee, Patroness: Lady Loch; president, Mrs, hou. treasurer, Mrs. Holroyd 5 vice- president, Harper 5 hon. secretary, Miss Oraig. Com " 'koj'Mrs, Balcombo, Mrs. Aubrey Bowen, Mrs, Ool Ellery, Mrs. Eetherston, Mrs. T, J, Einlay,'| GaUctly, Mrs. Godfrey, Mrs. Blagden Hale, Mrs. |Eisiagton King, Miss 0. Macartney, Mrs. Manifold, |pi8. ftciu, Mrs. H, Molesworth, Mrs. Morrah, Lady hogjilen, Mrs. Scott, Mrs. John Simson, Lady Stawell,' lte^v|:lVilberfDroD Stephen, Mrs. M. D. Syhnot, Mrs< ly'^kton, Mrs. Montague Williams. ' ' •U #. ' W . * * . i >it i 19 a l^oce °f luck. The owner of a stall attho | ""fa? ^nvcntories, a Mr,- Downie. an American, dis S.wyTOlhy the purest aooident that the juice of Buca removed the hardest, boiler scale without injuring the metal', 'it was an accidental' ^ty, and nothing moro. -He was able, neverthu Spatent it as an " invention," and now he'is'in a yof making an immense fortune out'of it. As; loale causes the loss of millions'annually to ern |°f stcam power, the money value of the'happy gpideut may be imagined. 