Cricket Notes. [Secretariat of clubs will obligo by reading reports of xnttcbcsfinOlotbor Items of Interest addressed to " Bat." Tetcyraph Ofllco Jleports of Saturday's la&tchea; should bo sent in not later than half-psst uiau on Monday mormag.l Last Saturday week's rain completely stopped all cricket, and consequently left only ouq afternoon for the completion of .tbo various matches. The Alberts and Stan leys woro to havo mot in tbo garden*, but as the first dry was interrupted they did rot apparently think it worth while to begin their match. The same roranrka apply to the Brisbane v^Oxford matuh, although 1 biliovo .in the latter ca^o there was some diiKcuIty in obtaining a wbhet. The Albiona and Uniomr, however,- met, iind decided to play a one day's ; match. - This resulted in- a very- deolsive defeat for the Unions, who, I am informed, took their defeat with very bad grace. The impropriety and, I.. might add, disoourtesy, of sueh aotion is bo ' apparent that oomment is unnecessary. The ,< Alt-ions made 121 runB, while the Unions only toialled 79. The finanoes of the Oxford 0. 0. are not at present in a yery flourishing state in conse quence of the members not paying up their subscriptions. A council of war was held last Wednesday week upon the subjeot, and it was decided to hold an entertainment of some kind at a future date with the view of plaoing funds in the treasurer's hands. A committee of twelve wore appointed to make all necessary arrangements. The committee expeot a good roll up of orioketers. By the way, I wonder if this is the only club whose members " forget" to forward their subscriptions ? "While walking up the street the other day I was inveigled by the genial Duncan to pur chase a copy of the " Orioketers' Guide and Annual." Quite forgetting the fact that when tho book waa first published a copy was sent for notice, I purchased one, and on look ing through it I find it to be well stooked with information—a veritable multum in parvo. The book may be purchased for the small prioo of Is. Cd.t and every Brisbane cricketer should have one, if not for the sake of tho in formation contained therein, for the object of the book, which is edited by Mr D. G. Forbes'.: I can recommend it to my readers as being very interesting and full of information The Milang (S.A.) Crioket Club has intro duced a novelty into the prize list for the pre-, sent season. What is called a "handicap' batting" prize has been offered, with the ob ject of putting the inferior batsmen ..on an. equal footing with those who are considered the best men in tho club. The ohief batsman is placed at Eoratoh, to make as many runs as' he possibly oan of course, and the others are allowed a cortain number of runs for each in nings, starting at 10 and going as far as 35, this being the limit. If tho Eoratoh man wins ho must make 35 runs more in each innings than the limit man. H. F. Boyle has received an invitation from certain supporters of cricket in Deniliquin td take a team there towards the end of January. - With his oustomary energy, Mr. Boyle has already set to work to raise an eleven, and a glance at the following players who have promised to go shows that the veteran. Joli monter will be oapitally supportedMessrs. Boyle, Blackham, W. H. Cooper,. Palmer, Trapp, H. J. Scott, Munro, and Houston. Should these, wilh three or four other* good men go, the Deniliquin fellows will have an opportunity of witnessing really first.-olass cricket, provided good wiokets be obtainable in that town. A writer in the Times •/ India gives the following amusing illustration of the spread of the English language in our Eastern Em pire:—"A short time baok Mr. Bright de livered a speeoh welooming the Marquis of Ripon baok to England, and dwelling on all the advantages which the rule of his lordship had prooured for this country. - Among other things Mr. Bright said he was glad to learn ■ that our noble English language.:— the language of Milton—was beooming , better known in India, and was spreading to the masses of the people, or words to that effect. The other day, hsippening to be walking by the barraoka, I received a striking proof of the correctness of Mr. Bright's assertion. Three very small native boys were having an improvised game of orioket.' The wioket was represented by a piece of board resting again* t a large stone, the bat was a splint from some old box, and the ball was old. and. angular. The day was hot, and the three littlo orioketers had dispensed with cricketing costume. In fact, they had nothing on but tho shiny brown skin with wbioh kind Mother Nature had endowed them at their birth. But they played the game with the utmost earnest ness and vigour, as they had often seen the soldiers doing outside the barracks. 'Pla-a-a-y I' shouted the bowler, as he de livered tho ball from a distance of about fire yards. 'H'out,* exclaimed the wieket- keeper joyfully, as the board tumbled down. 'D—m!' said tho youthful batter, energetically, as he gave up the bat and took up the ball. Truly, I thought, as I watched this Bceno, Mr. Bright is quite right, and the knowledgo of our noble English language, tho language of Milton, is decidedly filtoring down to tho masses of the people." Iu my notes a woeK or two ago it was men tioned that Pee roe had Bcorod 110 rune while playing against the Zingari socond eloven. From a recent Bockh&mpton; paper I now learn that a silver medal, manufactured by MeBBrs. Saber Bros., has been preaented to w. Pearco, of the Albert G.O., by Mr. H. W. Bisien, as a pleasing memento of his fine score. The medal is in the form ct a star, and on the circular ground in tho centre is on* ?raved a number of cricketing implements. Mr. caroe loaves shortly for Oooktown, and it will bo hard to fill his ploco in the cricketing field. Whilo playing against the St&nloy; O.O. (a Bockhampton club) Pea roe made 64, the merit of which waa marred, however, by two chances. I have been informed on very good authority that tho match between tho Blackalla and the second Albions was not conduotod in the mobt gentlemanly fashion, to put it mildly. A dis puto occurrod between the opposing loams, and an onlooker says that tho local team indulged in languago of tho worst description and alto gether behaved in a disgraceful manner. Tho Junior Association should look, into this. By rule XI of tho Junior Association they havo tho powor to take action, and it is to be hopod somo inquiries will bo mado into the matter. Tho following aro tho senior, fixtures for uoxt and following Saturdays Oxfords v. TJaione, Union Ground; Alberts v. Brisbane*, Queen's Purk ; and Stanloys v. Albions, Albion Ground. Writing about the forthcoming intercolonial match between Now South Wales and Victoria " Censor," in tho Sydney Mail ways:—"If tho good judges br tho game iu Sydney woro asked to give nn opinion nn to tho chancca ot our man in t'10 forthcoming ctmtest fivooutof .dx'would sny that par iuen had not' tho ghost of a show/ Some go as far as to say that if the Viotorians win the toHS and go in fivst out bowlers will not get rid of thorn under thrco days, and that the match will last a week. On paper tho odds look greatly in favour of the Viotorians, who have the throe best bowlors in tho world and the best wioket-keepor in tho colonies on their side. Comparo any three howlors we have with Palmer, Spofforth, and Bruoe, and Barton with Blaokham. Where the Victorians are particularly strong—namoly, in the bowling andwiokot-kooping—wo are lamen tably weak. A glance at the following names, from whioh the final selection will be mado, will disclose onr weakness in the bowling de partment:—0. Bannerman, Burton, Davis, Evans, Ferris, Garrett, Biddilatone, Jones, Marr, Mather, M'Donnell, D. Ggilvy, Turner, Murdoch, and Bonnor. Garrett is ont of all form, and bnt for his batting would not fiod a place in the final eleven; moreover, they know his howling well at Melbourne. In the last matoh one wicket oost him 122 ruua. Man has also gone off, and all of those who have before howled on the M.0.0. Ground Jones, in my opinion,, is likely to be the most dangerous, for he sends down an ugly one ocoasionally, and varies his pace with judg ment. Evana will keep down the r'nns, bat his deliveries are too well known by the prin oipal Viotorians to be feared. Nevertheless, ho will stiek to his work like a Trojan, and will hag a wioket or two by his porfrneoious \- attack. Turner is the best of the tried clnb bowlers we have, and, being new to the Vic torians, he will he diffionlt; bat he cannot be \- ranked with the illustrious Victorian trio. Young Ferris is a neat bowler, and may pnzzle many for a few overs, hat the fine, hard, true turf will rob him of all his break, and he will than have to exeroise his judgment, of whioh quality I think he has a fair stock. Ogitvy is a really good man, and I know of none of the new ones more likely • to- oome off. . He is very dodgy, and has that confidence in his own powers that | commands success in a big engagement. Hid dilstone is another good and useful ohange, who is not often enough tried in a big matob, and, with his hatting and splendid fielding, I would find him a place in the eleven; for, without plenty of good changes, our men will he hampered if the weather is fine. If we have not quality let us hare quantity, and in that rests onr only hope of success. Moreover, in supporting these nnnerons changes good field ing,' especially on the Melbourne crioket gronnd, is a sine qua non. A good field is always certain of saving 50 rnns in a protracted match, whereas a good batsman who is a bad field is a positive loss to his side if he fails to \--"-score.. With the team selected on its merits, there should bo at least eight ohanges of bowl ing. All of them will have ample employment on those , hard and smooth wickets at Mel bonne. - . ' ■ , 