LOCAL NEWS. A PENRITH NATIVE.-Mr. G. A. Reid, son of Mr. M. Reid, of this town postmaster at Rich- mond, was the recipient of a very handsome present from the employees of the Postal Department, Sydney, on Saturday, 14th. instant. PENRITH POST OFFICE.-Tuesday next, having been proclaimed a public holiday, this office will only be open from 11 to 11.30 a.m., and from 7 to 7.30 p.m. The letter carrier will make an early delivery. CHURCH OF ENGLAND.-The Rev. R. S. Willis, M.A., Incumbent of Manly, will conduct the services at St. Stephen's Church, Penrith, on Sun- day, and in the evening will preach a special sermon in connecution with our troops leaving for the Soudan. All are Invited, PENRITH VOLUNTEERS.-Owing to Q.M. Sergeant Tuite's offer to serve in the Soudan having been accepted, the local corps of volunteers have been without, an instructor for nearly a fortnight. It is expected, however, that provision will be made for another drill instructor next week. All haver- sacks of this local corps have been called in. "CRUSHED again'' (Gilbert and Sullivan's "Patience") should be the condition of those who vainly attempt to rise into public notice by re- pented counterfeits of the genuine article known as Wolfe's Schnapps. The vile compounds are danger- ous deceptions, because they "wear the livery " of that inimitable invigorant and effective tonic which stands to-day without a rival and without compeer. Be sure you obtain Wolfe's Schnapps. CORRECTION.-"One in Search of Truth" requests that we correct a couple of errors in his last letter, on Mr, Picton's lecture. We find in the hurry of reading the proof-sheets that the errors of "One in Search of Truth" were not corrected ; and in justice to him and to ourselves we now hasten to make the corrections. The word "even" in line 50, second word, should read only, and in line 51, second word ??? is omitted in the word promul- gated. CLIFFORD V. BEACH.-This race, which comes of to-day on the Parramatta River, has not so far caused much excitement, Both men are re- ported to be in grand form, but the result of the race is looked forward to us a "moral" for Beach. Time will tell! The result of the race will be posted outside this office as early as possible. KENNEDY V. ROWE.-This race to be rowed on the Nepean on Saturday 14th March, is already exciting some little interest, and as Kennedy has arrived, bringing with him a new boat, more in- terest will now be taken in the matter. Rowe has not yet gone into active train, but as Kennedy has taken up his quarters at Joyce's Nepean Hotel, he will probably go into active training at once. CRICKET.-A match was played on Satur- day last, at South Creek, between the South Creek Public School C.C. and the Penrith Public School which resulted in a win for the latter, by 6 wickets. The following are the scores : - S.C.P.S.C. C., 1st. innings, 17 ; 2nd., 11. P.P.S.C.C., 1st, inn- ings, 8 ; 2nd., 4 wickets for 21 runs. PUBLICANS BEWARE.-As it has been rumoured that certain publicans throughout the colony are in the habit, of fillng spirit bottles with draught spirits of a different make, it is likely that some prosecutions will shortly take place. The agents for Walker's whisky offer a reward of £100 for information that will lead to the conviction of parties found either refilling the whisky bottles or pirating their trade mark, The agents of Wolfe's Schnapps are also on the qui vice. EXCURSION TRAINS.-Tuesday next having been proclaimed a public holiday, on account of the embarkation of New South Wales troops to the Soudan, on that day, special trains will run at re- duced rates. Tickets at ordinary excursion fares by all trains on that date, and at special reduced fares. Special 2s 6d second class, by train leaving Penrith at 7.40 a.m., returning from Sydney the same even- ing at 6.25 p.m. The onlinary excursion tickets will be available until the following day. GOOD TEMPLARY.-On Friday, February 20th., the Star of the West Lodge was opened in the usual way, M.W.C.T. E. Price, in the chair. Con- sidering the counter attractions. there was a large attendance of members. One candidate was initi- ated, and some formal business gone through, when the meeting adjourned till Saturday afternoon at half past, three. On that date, Mr. and Miss Wales were initiated into the order, and the D.D., Bro. A. J. Worboys granted a dispensation, and the second and third degree were conferred upon them. Comunicated. SICKNESS IN PENRITH.-At present there are a large number of cases of whooping cough, and other like ailments among the children, and the doctors have a busy time. One case of typhoid fever also exists. A son of Mr. W. Landers, Castle- reagh, called on Dr. Tayler, a few days ago, in a very bad state, suffering from typhoid. On enquiry, it was found that the young man had been suffering for some days, and the doctor immediately had him forwarded to Mrs. Lander's ???., where he has been ever since. He is very weak, and it is doubtful whether he will recover. Mr. T. Landers died this Friday morning. ENGLISH MAIL.-The following informa- tion has been forwarded to all postmasters through- out the colony, with regard to the despatch of the next English Mail per Orient S.S. Iberia. "The Government having chartered the next out-going steamer, Iberia, lor the conveyance of troops to Africa, this vessel will leave Sydney on Tuesday next, 3rd. March, and mails will be placed on board of her in Sydney Harbor, instead of forwarding them overland to Melbourne on Thursday as usual. As it is not intended that the steamer shall call at Melbourne, all correspondence therefore intended for the Iberia must be posted in sufficient time to reach Sydney before ten o'clock on Tuesday morn- ing next." Letters should therefore be posted here before 9 p.m. on Monday. BUM limnoN* Oohi'kl AJIMY.-Mr. and Mi.is Wnles, who lmvo been holding mission ser vice* in voiiiiuuliuii willi the uIJUVI! lit I'unrith, South <'ruuk, nml Kuiii l'lniiw, for a few days, eon eludud their tervices lit limn I'lnlns on Monday ilight. Tlio various servioes on .Sunday wore largely attended, the one in tlio Oouneil Chambers nt night being crowded to excess, about 100 persons were compelled to slop outside, while every available inch til; vooin was taken up iuside. IJuring the ini.sr.ion, 2-10 poisons lmvo taken (lie blue ribbon, 1!)(! o£ whom .signed the pledge in I'enrilh ; nt .South.Greek, 80 tiok Hie blue, and 52 .signed the pledge ; and nt I'lmu I'hiins >10 took the blue, iind twenty signed the pledge, The collec tions for (lie time lmvo been, for Uie Home of Hope ii!l Ms, and for the lienonil Jf'ttnd ii'.l I Us Id. The expense* for rent &c.; lmvo been £ti 8s, nnd £12 10M Ims been remitted to Sydney. . EMIUUKATION OJ> 'i'ltooi'H,-Tuesday next, the tiny llxod tor Hits uuiljiii-kutiun of the .Now South Wales troops for tlic Soudan, promises to be a great day in Sydney. AIreatly the ncoossnry nrninguinen ts are jiuitle for the convoynnee of country visitoi*, at reduced rules, ami cvoiy provision in bulng mntle in Sytlney tor their protection. All vehicular trallie will bestopped, as well as the crowding of verandahs and balconies. The mounted police of the colony, the men o' wars men, all volunteers and cadets take purlin the prqeossioii from the Jlnriucksto Circular Quay. A special train will run from Teuritli, on the morning in'question, leaving hero at 7.10. aud it is necessary, so that the authorities will be able to nmkotho necessary provision, that tickets should be applied for early.. We shall be glad to secure such tickets for our friends residing at a di8tan.ee, should wo bo provided with the neccssnry funds, . ]?uuLio SCHOOL.-Many improvements hnvc been made of lulu at this institution, and some arc now bciiig made, still there arc certain matters potKlbly only of slightimportance to .sonic, Hint re quire attention. \\\ lint wo refer most particularly to is the supply of water, which is at times in a dis graceful stale, and where so ninny chlldien aro in : the luibit of quenching their thirst, it is a great wonder that there is not moro sickness. Tlioro is one ofluir matter, while improvements are being mndu thnt. should command then Mention of the "powers that; ho." J'Vir many years, the teacher has boon using an old tumble down building nt the rear ns a kitclioii, This mny have boon pretty deeuiit nt one time, but now that the bark roof, owing to lengthy exposure, has become so inflam mable,'the sooner it is re-roofed or a new building erected, the bet tor will it IJU for the safety of the other buildings iu ,ynso of lire, SALVATION ARMY.-Twelve months ago on Monday last, the Salvation Army first "open fire" in Penrith, and on the occasion there was much re joicing with the members of the local corps, assisted by a strong detachment of Sydney "braves." A ton meeting was held in the afternoon at the Temper ance Hall, at which fully 400 persons sat down to "ham, jam, and glory," as it was called, for nothing, providing you held the necessary paste board. In the evening there was a monster procession, banners flying, and band playing, and shouts of "hallelujah," “amen," &c.;, &c.;, could be heard at intervals. This was about the largest March out we have seen, there being not less than 250 of all ages and sexes. After this a “hosannah” meeting was held in the Temper* ance Hall. Music of every description was to be heard from the tin whistle up to the big drum, and every one present seemed "too awfully happy." Officers from Sydney head quarters were present, and the proceedings, which were of the liveliest character, continued till half-past ten. Fully six hundred persons were present, and among the listeners, there were many old play-goers, who acknowledged that they had often spent two shill ings for less amusement. During the evening the "colors " were presented by Major Linsday, in the name or the Father, the Son, the Holy Ghost, and in the name of William Booth, General of the Salvation Army. Several "converts" went up to the penitent form at the close. EMU CHUIICH OF ENGLAND CONCKIIT. " .Scrutator," .Kiuti Plains, wmls us thefollowing : Is it true llmt n concur!, composed of Kthiopinn Minstrels, win hold in St. Paul's Chtiieh. Schoolroom. JJmii, on Saturday the"141li in-t., for the purpose of supplementing the stipend! 1£ .so. it is hijjh time for the lueiimbcut to .«eek .'fresh fields and pastures k'l'oen," where lii.s denunciations from (lie pulpit might meet with more ready returns, instead of re sort nig to low comcdj' as a remunerative means for preaching tlic (iospcl. 