POETRY. An -unpretentious little boolc of poems' ■with the title of " Fern Fronds and "Wattle Whispers," from the pen of Mr M. B. Byrne, at one time on the literary staff of this paper, has recently been pub lished by Messrs Henry Franks and Go., Malop-street. Many of the pieces possess considerable merit, and throughout there is a ring of true poetic feeling expressed in language as choice as it is appropriate. In the following, one is reminded of. Edgar Allan Poe, and not to the disad rantage of the writer of Ac iferac D'Unc Tie!— L " In the evening of my manhood by my fire I sit reflecting— By the fire whose blazing embers give the room a cheerful glow— Ever pondering and thinking, ever solving and dis secting The ghosts of airy visions of the dreamy long ago, "When the springtime of my boyhood,* in its gay, re fulgent gladness— In its. young and pristine vigor—strewed my path " with roses o'er; When my soul was free from sorrow, and my memory ; brought no sadness, . i And I plucked the flowers of pleasure in the happy davs of yore. ■ n. Ah 1 this life is evanescent, and its happiness is fleet ing. And when manhood conies upon us -with its heavy . weight of care, And we miss the friends of boyhood and their hearty youthtri greeting, And we see with alen; sorrow silver streaks within our hair; TTe would fain retrace our footsteps and regain our We would barter oar experience of the world and all its ways. To enjoy-again the moments Jhat our memory ever "treasures, When we wandered with cur sweethearts in those ne'er forgotten days." His "PareweH to the Hew Charles Clark? in July, 1S76, when tliat gentleman -was delivering his last lectures in Geelong, are in a totally different vein. We have only room for two, of the seven verses, which sparkle with poetic melody. " By thememoiy of Goldsmith ^bom he lovingly portrays; Br the, thought of Cromwell's story In the Puritanic days ; By the tender fancies wreathed Around poor Dickens' name ; By the shade of gifted Thackeray ; By the Tower of ; XL, By the beauteous creations That arose beneath his hand— As swells a faiiy castle *Xeath a necromancer's wand— Br all his glowing fancies, Be ns join our hands to-day, And wish the ship a pleasant trip That bears far a war." In " San and Shadow" we find the writer in another mood, inspired by the "hope", which "springs eternal in the human breast." There are only three Terses, and we give the last :— * How many have toiled through the heat of the day, "Who know now neither care nor distress ; But who, had they fainted or lagged by the way, . Could hare never commanded success z Oh 2 never give up in the battle of life, No matter what troubles are met: Tot, though heavy theclouds be,we should not forget That the sunshine will come through them yet. And therefore I say to my brothers, cheer up 2 . Ths earth for us all was made, And the sun will shine yet on you and on me, If we striee to get out of the shade." Here is a pretty bit, describing Lake Colac" L " A rast extent of water, spreading out In eddying circles, girthing twenty miles, Upon whose glassy surface Luna's beams In evening's calm reflect a thousand smiles : A lake, whose bosom soft, unruffled lies, And in its placidness the soul beguiles ; As some fair —beautiful, yet meek— Compels the homage that a thousand seek, n. A mirror used by Nature's self alone; A picture far surpassing earthly skill; A fragment of the mighnruaiverse z A sign of peace to men of peaceful will; A road where every track is soon effaced. And every eddying hollow doth refill; A picture of that heaven, where the trace Of earthly sin, the golden streams efface." There is something exquisitely touching in the. following lines, suggested by the death of an old friend :— "in old man who hath home his burden bravely In life's stern fight— Faltering not upon the ragged roadway Of tnrth and right; But mindful ever of the promised ending, "Where all is bright— Wearied at length with life and all its sorrows, Has lain him down. And closed his eyes for erermore to trouble, Or griefs dark frown : His soul, transfigured, fleeing to that Heaven Where shines the Crown. While living, let us trust, he did his duty, As all men should ; neglecting not the life that follows this life, Sot doing good ; And seeking ever in his occupation While here below, To justify himself in that Eternal Where all must go." We wish that we could afford space to quote the writer at greater length. The little book, is rich in gems of poetic thought^ and deserves a far wider circle of readers than it is likely to get, we fear, within local limits. 