TOllF TOPICS flftB ANTICIPATIONS. By A>M<xnr:rp. For tlio nonce aqqatics hold sway over all other sportB and panimcg, and as affairs turfy hare relapsed into a state of temporary quietude in consequence of tho migration of the turf forces to Tasmania, those of tho sporting fraternity who haYo forgone the ; annual trip to the southern island havo aroplo timo to diseusB tho rowing events, past anu tuture, winch just now claim world-wide attention. The triumph of the Canadian flag, and. tho' unfurling of its colors on the waters of tho Parramatta has aroused as much attention in Epgland and America as it did throughout Australia on Saturday last, when tho electric wires flashed in all directions tho intelligence that Hanlan had defeated Clifford, the " dark horso'' of New South Wales. At CaulfleM tho boat race was more talked of than tho separ ate . events in . Mr. Bond's programme, and there appeared to he universal annoyance in consequence of tho non-arrival of .the news prior to departure from the course. Whatever may be the result of the remaining sequence of nqnatie tourneys to he played out on the Parramatta, Iranian's viotory has re stored to him a portion of his lost jirtatige, and ; it remains to ho seen whether he will further ho capable of reclaiming tho championship honors and hieing away to Toronto Bay once more to boj'ital and lionised by his enthusiastic coun trymen. The race has clearly proved that in matching a comparatively untried . performer like Clifford, who has yet to win his spurs in championship contests, his friends displayed ,morc personal admiration than judgment,' and it is questionable whether they are " likely to gain anything by the equally unconsidered move they mado in forestalling Hanlan in the match for tho cham pionship of the world with Beach. Collateral deductions promise Clifford's partisans con siderably the worst of the deal. Although de feated Clifford made n praiseworthy strugglo, for upon Hanlan's own admission the Canadian never rowed a sterner race for a mile anil a half, except of course when ho succumbed to Beach, for which defeat there are ample ex- tenuating.circumstances on the score cf condi tion. A BenEO of his personal reputation and honor, and a forced regard of the calibre of the men now opposed to him, has taught tho ex- chainpion to throw no more chances away, and he may he depended on to leave no stone unturned in his endeavor to establish his vaunted invincibility as an oarsman. The fact of Clifford holding Hanlan for a mile, and that tho last named was unable, or at any rate refrained from indulging in those characteristic eccentricities, such as stopping his 6holl, laying down oh tho broad of his back, waving his hand and handkerchief to' the people on the banks of the river, &c.;, is sufficient proof that the Dapto scalier is no novice, or, that Hanlan is studiously reserving these emblems of invincibility for the occasion when he will next enter hie boat to determine the all important championship of the world, .the loss of which title has evidently roused the Canadian to a sense of duty both to . himself and his country. . Picnic parties and afternoon Writes - are now prohibited items in his training., code, and it' may ho taken for granted that if Hanlan fails in his efforts to regain his lost laurels it will be because of meeting a better man than himself, or else the decay of . those powers which has gained him snch a world-wide fame as a scientiflo oarsman, and which has enabled him to literally run rings round tho leading scullers of all countries during the last decade. While apolo gising to my collaboratcur "Coxswain," for thus poaching on; his prescrvee, my strong belief in Hanlan and ever ruling paesion for volunteering a " tip" induces mo to venture nn opinion that the sturdy Canadian will succeed in winning hack the championship, and that neither Beach nor Clifford will be so' anxious to renew hostilities against the Toronto Bay 'mail on his own waters as will Teemer, who is itching to have a shot at tho . future holder of the championship, whoever -he may chanco to be— Hanlan, Beach or Clifford. " The heavy rain of the preceding night and tho still unsettled aspect of the weather during last Saturday afternoon militated against the attendance at Canldeld, and the meeting in consequeiico .was not nearly so successful as would have been thecaso had the attendant cir cumstances been of a more propitious character. Taking all things into consideration, however, .matters passed off fairly well, and the; pro gramme of events was productive of average sport. In the absence of Honora. and Anagram an inferior fiekhof platers was left to determine the issue of the Novel Selling Knee ; and as Hesperiiles was thought to be a cut abovo those opposed to her, there were ready acceptors of 3 to 2 before the flag: dropped. Tho erratic daughter of Hercules has not proved a remune rative-investment sinceEho camo into the pos session of her present owner j who well deserved the winning turn. Bcllo Brandon fully realised the expectations 1 formed of her, by appropriat-. ing tho Hurdle Race ; whilo Sinking Fund was equally faithful in acting as escort, in the manner 1 predicted he would, in the absence of Tately. Assegai did not como up to tho expec tations of the Western district division, who backed their representative with confidence, only to bd disappointed, however. Had Ferguson not mado so much use of him, it is quite pos sible that he might havo pulled through a winner, for bo was going strongly on rounding tho homo turn, but collapsed like a pricked bladder alter jumping the last hurdle. There was an unusual display of taleutfor the Hawks- burn Handicap, and a prevailing inclination to follow public form was evinced by tho liberal support awarded Camerino and Middlemarch, both of whom have recently proved themselves in a winning vein. The mare once moro gavo an exhibition of her ability by fairly galloping down her opponents, t.nd thus adding another laurel to her wreath. It is tolerably certain that had she been nominated for tho Newmarket Handicap her impost would havo been such as to invest her with a good winning chance. King of tho Gipsies made his first appearance this season, but did not shapo in a manner eugges- tivo of tho correctness of an idoa which has gained credence in certain quarters, viz., that ho is Foulohnra's trump cord fcr the Newmarket Handicap. Moreover, it is only a fair logical deduction to suppose that it is highly improb able the Hawksbnrn Handicap would have been selected for laying bare tho prowc+e of any can didate thought to possess encouraging pro spects of success in a gigantic gambling evont like the Newmarket Handicap. Tho result of , the Hawksbnrn Handicap proves conclusively that Cnmerine ought to have added the Handi cap to her Sandhurst Cup win -at the Bendigo meeting, for on Saturday she met Graco Barling an Sib. worse terms than when the last named so easily defeated her in tho Bendigo Handicap over a similar journey.- By runnibg second on Saturday, -Graco Barling ran up to her true form, and quito justified what I said of her, when giving my Caulfield selections last weok. /The Steeplechase was instrumental in unearth ing a promising candidate fer future jumping honors in Mernder, . a prodigious sized 4- ycar-old son of King' Tom and Pandora. Tho inability of Deceiver and Straggler .to concede the weight asked of them affords farther convincing proof of the Inferiority of the generality of steeplechasers now in training, and wo have yet to know to what extent Den mark is capable of 'displaying, his superiority over the animals who form the rank and fileof tho present jumping fraternity. More difficult still is it to correctly estimate the surpassing ex cellence of such past -timber-topping celebrities as Lone .Hand, Sussex, Simpleton, and Himalaya over the c-aieting steeplechase aspirants. Xantippe cleverly appropriated tho St. Valentine's Handicap, carrying 7 st> 11 lb. j and as she is handicapped at 13 lb. Ices for the Newmarket Handicap Mr, Whittingbom will possess an excellent opportunity of repeating the Aspon coups of 1880 and 1881 provided be has among bis other representatives for the ehort distance championship anything capable of silencing the daughter of Napoleon and Tolkativo on these conditions. Tho Sell ing Steeplechase seemed such a good thing for Deceiver at even weights that it was not surprising to seo him leave the paddock with odds nn him ; but he proved in an uncertain mood, and, true to hie name, he once morethrew over his party, and finished aheolutoly last of tho four starters. Bercsford, tho winner, gained the favorable opinion of Mr. William Pcareon, who bectme possessed of him at tho upset limit of 75 eove., the club thus not benefiting by the transaction. Our leading studmasters, as well as intend ing speculators in thoroughbred yearlings, are already making preparation for tho autumn sales, and the bulky catalogue issued by the Messrs. Yuillo contains numerous items of in terest to both sellers and buyers of thoroughbred racing stock. Messrs. S. Gardiner, of Bundoora; H. Phillips, of Bryan O'Lyna ; A. Smith, of Alexlea j Jno. Field, of Tasmania ; Jas. Patter son, of Lacchy ; T. Cliirn6ide, of Werribee Park ; J. Mitchell, of. Tablotop ; II. J. Bowler, of Mitta Mitta, and Sir Thomas Elder, are the principal contributors to the list of yearling sales. What a host of nndeveloped talent must bo contained therein. Mr. 3. Gardiner will havo the first call of the market on the day preceding theV.R.O. St. Legor.when some rare pedigreed youngsters -will be submitted for competition. Angler's progeny out of such matrons as Lur- line, Calumny, Fortress, Aco : of Hearts and Nevada, promises to evoio some spirited com petition, while tho representatives of Tubal Oain will, in all . probability, command the same satisfactory prices as they did last year. On that occasion Sir -Wil liam Clarko gave" 1000 guineas for the Angler — Topaz colt, who. has been unhicby in not having had an opportunity of carrying silk, but this misfortune may not deter tho plucky baronet and others from again having a cat in for the yearling sister to Angler's Gem, shortly to bo offered for sale. Mr. Gardiner's lot will ho made up of a couple of fillies by the Hcak, from . Pliccbe, and li ' sister to Lockleys. Front Bryan O'Lynn, Paris .will be sent up'on rial, with representatives from mares, the dams of Commotion, Welcome .'Jack, Odd Trick, Hero and others equally well bred ; and if the aspiring son of Panic and Miss Melbourne does not succeed in making a successful dibit, it will not bo for tbe want, of having a fair opportunity. _ Mr. Phillips will also.offer a few colts and fillies by King of the Anglers, Purnim and Slanderer, amongst tho latter's get being a. full sister to tha Agent. . Mr. Alex. Smith, who has bred, many notable performers in his time, will offer a full brother to Don Quixote, ditto to Leporello, a Sister to Lidding- ton, and a filly by Tho Hook from Rufns's dam, nil of which arc bound . to command respect. His Lordship, Don Giovaiml ahd The Hook are the sires which will do duty 'on behalf of 'Alexlea' this year. Mr. .John .Field has gained so great a reputation as abrecder that unusual interest will bo centred in the Tasmanian juve niles shortly to, run- the' gantlet of Messrs. Yuille's hammer. - There are eight in all, an equal number of colts and fillies, who have, for their sire Lapidist, winner of tlio V.R.O.' Derby in 1873, by Fireworks from Chrysolite, a mare that . may justly claim to he one of those luminaries whoso name disseminates a ray of light through the pages oftbe Html Boot. Probably the colt by Lapidist from Malua'sdam will reach nothing short of four figures ; neither is tho male youngster out of Anohorite's and Sheet Anchor's dam, nor the near relatives to Blink Bonny likely to ho knocked down at the small prices usually characteristic of Mr. Field's annual salo in Tasmania. The fonr fillies are out of Blink Bonny's dam, a half sister to tho dam of Malua and tho two Castlo Hill marcs, The Kitten and Aurora. Tho performances of Malua, Mozart, Tasinan, Blink Bonny, Stock- well, Sheet Anchor and Ringwood, to all of whom Mr. Field's yearlings are moro or Ices closely related on the side of their dams, are sufficient to create a strong penchant on tho part of our leading turf patrons to become possessed of tbe Tasmanian bred juveniles. There are few cf our stud masters better versed in pedigree lore, or who breed on more scientific and well defined lines than Mr. Field ; but in addition to that gentleman's praise- worthy efforto in this diroction it is not impr $ bablo that tho numerous performers which 1 « has turned out from itmo to timo havo inb- ited much ot their pristine excellence through, tt use an cxpressivo phrase, th9 medium " a their throats." This supposition finds favor lit the -fact that similar strains of blood whlto- havo been utilised and experimented upon id tho same manner In various other parts of TXd» mania have not been similarly sncoessful, -henoe the advancement of tho "throat" theory and its application to the fertile and bone producing tract of limestone country - qd - which ,Mr. John Field has condnctod his breeding eperations with snch uninter rupted success for a number of yours, It will be curiouB to know how the your-g Gang Forwards, the Darriwells and the Neckersgate to bo submitted on behalf of Sir Thomas Elder will compare with the Victorian and Tasmanian representatives. Tho South Australians roug her seventeen, in addition to which Messr£ Robertson BroB. are sending over ten yearlings, by The Englishman, aire of Delnsipn. Amerijf Sir Thomas Elder's lot are a sister to Bussanio, a brother each to Achilles and Umbcrto, a Ally by Darriwell from Tho- Teacher's dam, npft a filly by Neckersgat froin Tyropoan's <la«L . The Werribee Park draft comprises -soma choice lots by The Hook and Ncwminstery tiS Iatter's progeny embracing the produce 61 Spinnlngdale, Mowerina (sisier of SirJosophS! and Otiida, fan own sister to that great Neff Zealand performer, Lady Emma. Acolyfeg performances alone will pail especial atten tion to tho Newminster yearlings Tablc-topf meritorious exploits in India and Sangst6ffg creditable behavior over tho jumps will donhi less assist to romovo much of thestigma alf tachod to Glorious through the unenvialjM reputation for chickenhcartodness gained by- Santa ClanB, St. Lawrence, Anagram and others ; and there is a prospect of realising prices in advance of the unpretentious figures which ruled at the salo of the Tablctop consign ment in Sydney last summer. It will thus 4 gathered thai the autumn calendar of yearling sales is nnprecedentedly heavy, and that Archibald Yuillo promises to have a buc-y tinid in plying the auctioneer's baton. Reference to the autumn sales reminds me that Mr. S. Gardiner is the only breeder whq has adopted the questionable practice of namy iiigycarlin'gs before they are sent to tbe hammer. . Tho majority of breeders are evidently of : opinion that it is the buyers' rather than tha edicts' prerogative to name thoir purchase This right they undoubtedly possess, but there - aro instances on record where purchasers havi not approved of Mr. Gardiner's appellations and then the objectionable word " late" has hadf to be appended tbe first time the youngsters doa silk. Were Mr. Gardiner's ideas Of nomapf ciaturc original and appropriate in every In stance there would not bo very much objection to tho system. In some cases the Bundoora stndmaster is particularly happy in his choice of cognomens, for what can sound better than: Knight of the Rod, by Angler; The Vow, iron Promise ; Silver, from Nevada ; Gem of Gome, - from Topaz; Blue Blood by The Marquis ; Bosb,' from Canard ; crlronDuko. Metallurgist, Cable, " . Hot Iron and Blacksmith,' all by Tnbal Cain.' These aro very appropriate titles, but in other -, instances Mr. Gardiner has scarcely displayed: the same good taste indicative of the association., .; of names and ideas so requsito hereafter foaf ' tho purpose of Stuil Book reference. Foi. - examplo it wonld require nn . elastic." - extension of the imagination to particularise anything in common between a Shark and an Angler, and more difficult still to trace any re- ; Iationahip between the same cartilaginous mem- ; , ber of the genus squalus and the Ace of H .-irta : . Tho voracious denizen o i Hobson's.Bay i s not ' the kind of fish the disciples of Isaac Walton usually seek, hence the idea is exaggerated nifyV ' far fetched. Possibly Mr. Gardiner may baya a thought that this peculiarly, denominated youngsterpossesses fair prospects oi vindicating. . himself on tbe turf in a manner that may eventu ally justify the appellation. Crane, by Angler; ';. from Fortress, is very little improvement on., - Shark, by Angler. We can at once dismiss '. J the possibility of any - form of assimila-v tlon betweon tho migratory specimen of the; ." gnu species and the man of" hook and line, and';, as to tho relationship' Crane bears to Fortress: ' ! perhaps the strongholds of Khartoum can-best":''; testify, where, if there is any trnth in Mr. ." I Gardiner's alleged conneotion, the feathered; ;' members of the grallic order must he having a-.. ; high time of it just now. ' ; ; - ; A now candidate for steeplechase honors came to light at . Caulfield last Saturday in Mernder, ' a 4-year-old gelding, by King Tom from Fan- ' . " dora. He is a second Himalaya in appearance, steading between 17 and 18 hands high. ..His' -: viotory was quite unexpected by his owner, Mr. ; 8\. Miller, whose intention was to qualify him for a hunter ; but" now that tha ponderous , gelding has revealed such talent, it is probable ; ho will be kept to the steeplechase business. 'Being as green its the proverbial leek, Mernder is susceptible of considerable" improvement and there is every prospect of the huge' son of King Tom forging his way to the front rank of steeplechasers. He was nicely piloted by Mri H. Watson, who likewise '6tocrod Bercsford to victory in the Selling Steeplechase, and thus - appeared to advantage as compared with the professional riders who had mounts last Satur day. The practice oi delaying tho Scratching of horses who are not intended to face the starter is productive of numerous evils, and stewards of race meetings should deem It one of their most obligatory duties to punish those so offend ing so far as it rests in their power. It is well known that no body of stewards are moro cog nisant of the service expected of them than the gentlemeu who usually officiate at Caulfield, and under the circumstances Mr. Isaac Foulsbam, of Malua renown, has reason to consider liimsel|' somewhat fortunate in not beins more heavily mulcted than a fine of 10 sova. for his breach of rulo last Saturday in respect to tho scratch ing 0J Salvo for the St. Valentino's Hundicap. Two notable coincidences occurred at Caul- ' field last Saturday in tho fact that Camcrlnq i and Xnntippe, who won the Iiawltsburn Hnndt- \- cap and St. Valentino's Handicap, respectivey tippi-opriutod the same races last year, tbq former at an -increase of 19 lb. aud the latter of 181b. The' careers of the two mares havo been widely different iu the interim, Mr. Whitting- jLam'o representative never haviug scored a win, Vvbeceas Caucrinc aebieved winning houors iu tlio' South Yarra Handicap at Caulfield, llic Sandhurst Cup and Gcelong Gold Cup, besides tiinuiug Commotion to n 11030 for tlio Mid- Hummer Handicap at Fiemiugtou. 'This is a tolerably good record on tho port of tiro Oippslaud bred mare, who has thus won moro jhfin tlio prico of her oats during the remainder yd Jrcr natural life. ' " fib. According to ohr Tasmanian special, the . pppuiugpf the island campaign ;at Hobart was a pronounced success. The attendance was the largest and most 'fashionable' evqr.known to as semble at Elwiok, including his Exoellenoy thq povcruor aiid a number of distinguished visi- itors, among which' wore Lords Neville and Macdoimld, and Major-General Soratcliley. ffho racing, which proved of an. .interesting rfler, was notable for 'the success of tho avoritcs. Asis usually the case, tho Victorian rained horses had matters' to themselves iu the lobart Cup and filled! all tlxreo situations. By nqnoxing a couple of big prizes; . Ring'wood has 'it last fulfilled tho expectations formed of him tefpre he relinquished the small Bticks in favor . >ct the fiat. .Tasmania can claim to have bred . the first and second in the Cap with Riugwood -$n4 Mozart, which is theisiaudcrs' only conso- jfatioh'for thc plunder going to A'ietoria. Oon-j j((deru'S. that Mozart was conceding. 15 lb. , to -iitngrvpod at weight for age, the performance pf the threo-ycar-pld cannot he' too highly cati- feated, and as'hc has now given proof of being .siataycr, lie muet possess a big- say for the St.- Itbgcr." ' Coriolanue could not quite give tho .freight away to the other pair, and had to be Content with third honors. In addition (0 Jtingwbod appropriating '.tho big' plum of tbe '>uddihg,"St- 'Albans was further represented by TVaverley and AYarficld, each of which scored a' winning bracket on the opening 'day, ' On the \- pepqufi cla'y Ringwood gave proof ! of ;hia" excel lence by winning tho Derwent Plate, tho ta6lc .being' tt comparatively easy one, inasmuch as' iiis only opponents were the mcdiocro Hobart rind Bonny Scotland. Castlcbar and lVayerley . . also., supplemented their opening . displays by another victory a piece. -The second day's tablhg' did hot pass off without a littlo uifplea- pautness arising. There. were people. .who thought The -Knave could- have: rendered, patters, very . uncomfortable: for .'his stable associate AVavcrloy, in "the Secretary's Clip, ' had his ' rider, Mr Smith,'1- exerted: JuinselCi.and the stewards evidently concurred in this opinion, for they dqenlcd it their duty to : ball upon that gentleman' for ah explanation of iiis conduct.- What bo had to say in' justifica tion of his lothargic' behavior in tlio pigskin did not transpire, hut tho same could not have been altogether satisfactory, in so far as tho stewards : aro said' to have cautioned hiin to be more care- ./ .ful in future. Considerable dissatisfaction was 'X- impressed at the start- for the Nursery Handicap, ;.:1 and' Keating, "the rider-' of Boriuie Doon, was fv.likeiviie admonished by tho stewards for eus- :---;|>ioipus riding in hot attempting to get away . When the flag fell. "; -XvOurspeeinl reporter in Tasmania toiegraplis that the' Victorian horse Tichbourne has been aplfiy.to' 'Mr. 'Rogers, rit a price that did not transpire. ' : The entries for tho autumn meeting of the Victoria Racing Clrib'aro deemed highly satis- \- Iab'.ory, and the prospects of li successful -rctiuiin are more encouraging than -ever. The names-/ Of Malua," Lo Grand, Commotion, : JPlunger and Off Color are included in tho en tries for the'Essondon Stakes; of one lhilo and a half, weight for age. The result of this event,' fbgether with thoLcgcr, both of which are run /qrjpu'the opening day of the meeting, will pro- |)iib!y ; reflect some light on tlio Champion BtqUsr. to follow. ! Clarence, the crack steeple chaser of Now Zealand, is included iu tbe list of nominators for the big jumping contest, and Welcome Jack' is' entered for ' tho Brunswick fi takes, Autuum Handicap and Free Handicap, itiis.to be regretted that the champion Maori- " lander ivill not have an.oppoi-tunity of ineasur-: ingjstrides against Malua, Le Grand; ;Commo-: tipnnjid Co.. in tbV'X&eridon; Stakes, but. I l>ro3unie ho will bo reserved for the Newmarket Handicap. The Maiden Plate boa6ts 'of a 'rare , array of talentin Sir Garnet," Coningsby, Prime Miiiistor, Duration, Conjecture, Achilles.'&c.; The following were ihe successful owners at ,tho Caulficld meeting last Saturday G. Davis, £153; S. Miller, £130 '; T. -CofTco, £116 ; J. AVhittingbam, £100 ; H. Bracken, £75; J, Hamil, £50; J. G. Reid, £20 ; "W, M' Leod, ;£20 ; J. A. Lang, £10 ; A. Johnsou, £10 ; J. "Bitnson, £2 ; total, £692. s - Visiting trainers who intend taking pai;t in v'ejsutumn campaign arc rapidly pouring into fffemington, the latest addition to, the ranks peing IV. A. Filgate, who arrived from Adelaide Igbt1, Wednesday, 'accompanied by Layiiigton jand Delamia,. both of which -were over- here in tho spring. : Jim Jfacc,' the steeplechaser, was \- hleo lo ha vc comet hut he became so 'fractious tvhCu placed on beard -tho steamer that it was' deemed advisable to leave him behind. Those members of the Victorian ring who yere. rendered hors comlut in the Coota- lnundia railway disaster are fast gaining con- . yalescenue. Mr. Austin Saqui left Goulburn hospital on Wednesday, and is now able to move \- About with tbo aid of his old friends the fcrutchc-3,the use of which he has long since been piade acquainted with through the depredations pf hie whilom enemy, the gout. Mr. I. Barunrd pill be able to bid adieu to tho Goulburn lipspital at the latter end of next week. . (the supporters Of the Williamstoivu Racing lub are making vigorous efforts to get a Branch line of railway to their racecourse. A Sepataiinn from the committeo, introduced by Sir. A. T. Clark, M.L.A., waited upon the Raii- Vay Cummissionere on Tuesday, and their ifchairman, Mr. W. H. Croker, put the mailer iu Its favorable a light as possible, pointing put tlio additional revenue . likely to accrue the department by the formation of (ho lonteniplated line. In the event. of the request loiug acceded to the club would hold six meet ings annually, the estimated rovemwi' jo the do- parlincut from each being £150;- or £900 per nnuiim. The project was favorably received by Mr. Speight, and that gentleman lias consented to proceed to NortliWilliamstoWU this (Saturday) afternoon,' and conside"r,lh'0, practicability or otherwise of tho propossd lino, He will bo mot at tho railway station'-' by tho (ywuuiittco, aiid a goucral reconnoitre of tho. locality will thoni bo uudortaken. Tho club is riot' above aooopling small morcie3, and would fool satisfied wore the iron horse lo he brought yvitlihi half a niilo ot-tho racooourse. So ony aUwhil arc. familiar with' the in'oonvonicncos endutod by the ousto- marydofcotivo' railway arrangements iu connec tion with tho periodical race - meetings held on tho shores of Hobson's Bay. ' : The cablo conveys tho intelligcnco that the Wellington Gqld Cup, ot',500 eovs.-, run for at tlio meeting of the Wellington Jqokoy Club, has been won by Admimstratbr, 7 st. 13 lb., Son' Wester, 8 sfc-5 !b. - beiug seqond, and Lady Eyelyny ; 7 st. 3 lb.;' lliifd.v A.'coiiplo of days later tbe WollingtenCu'p, otdOO so vs., was run for under the auspices of (lie rival nssooia- tion, that of the Wellington Racing Club, when Ta8hian carried the top.wcight of 9 st. 6 lb.' to victory over a distance of two' ratios. This is a great, performance, and another feather in the cap' of St. Albans,- who'se,son,Malua': accom plished a similar feat in tue Mblbourne Oup, enrrj- ing 9 st. 9 lb'. Iu: ndiniHrig Tasman's greatness one cannot help contracting the dis- parity .between liim and His" full brothor Pro digal, who displayed uncommonly good form as n two year old, but who' could not possibly emulate Tasman's latest perfonhance over 'two miles with tho proverbial .duty stamp on his back."_- " After the termination of the paulficid races last Saturday a large number of turfites lost no timo in journeying to Sandridgc, ''where, the etoaiucr Flinders' was in readiness tp'convey intending royai/curt to Tasmania.- AJnong thoso on board we're Mr. N. R. D. BondJ' who.ha's gone over in his official capacity as handicapper, Mr. L. L. Smith,- Sydney Smith, A. H,1 Robertson, Joseph Clarke, G. Ford, A. Pidcooky, also the speoial representative of The Leader,'. auA a number of- oth'or turfites, including jockeys and bookmakers, tho latter beingistrongly represented 'as usual. " \- Tho'programmc of thc-meotiifg to be held at Wyndlinm on tho 2nd Moreh is asfollbws Sel ling HurdlbRaoq, "of 50sbve;,"oneraile anda half ; Mamhourin- Handicap,. of- 60 soVs., one intle audi a distnnco ; Handicap Hurdlo' Riice, of 50 s"ovs.;l one mile and three-quarters ; Celling Stake, of 50 'sow., '5 furlongs ; Flying Handicap, .-of 50- sovs.,' six' furlongs. ' NdmiiialidiiS ' oloso at- Bowes's Australian Hotel, -Boui-kc-street, on Monday,' 23rd inst. f \ Tiie pririoipal'handicap ovonis- to bo decided, in New South -Wales dui-ing' the autumn have received satisfactory supportfroiu owners; and a glance otthe nominntions fqr the Sydney Cup, Hawkesbury Autumn .Handicap' and Roivley Milejehbws Victoria' to ho bettor represented than on any. previous obcasion. The appearance of Navigator's name in the Sydney Cup ' and Hawkesbury Handicap list suggests that Mr. E. DcMcstre's famous' performer is ngniu in train ing and will probably oppose- tho cracks in the principal events of the' " back end." His re turn to the turf would be widely welcomed. I have to acknowledge receipt of the autumn edition of Ccntnm's Tntle.v, containing past per formances of all the horses engaged in the prin cipal events of the autumn,' aud other' informa tion invaluable to racing men. . . In auother column will -be, found the full pro- gramme;6f tlio Warrrinmbool mooting, to be held 011 28th and30tli April; "Stajtcs. to the value of 600 sovs. arc offered for competition, and I have no doubt this liberality will be duly recognised by owners on "the day of ' nomination, 25lh March. ' ' . . Mr. F. F. Dalcin possesses a' very useful horse in Forlorn Hope, who .won .the double cvenf at Shepparlon bn Thursday.' He is by The Pro fessor from Bravery, and may yet achieve greater distinctiou if properly placed, as I have no doubt ho will be, his owner not'. tieirig if likely person lo err in this direction;. - ' . .. Mr. John Rossall,' an', ijlqierioneod English turfite, and onp of ..tlib' briginql promoters of Kempton Park, wns-a visitor at Cnulfield last Saturday, baring only'arrived iu ..tiie Iberia the same morning. He exproaSed his approval of the racing and general arrangements, and in tends to' return from Sydnby in. time to attend tho autumn mceting-nt Fjcinington, when lie will doubtless bo afforded . a bettor.opportunity of making'o: oomparisori -between English and Australian racing. ' It is gratifying to .know that- Mr. A. F. Smart's colors are not to be lost to the turf, as at one time threatened. Archie and Brown and Rore are both undergoing o special pre paration for tho V.R.C; Autumn iiieeting, and it is thought that IMr. Smart's neat jacket will be Been in both the Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cup.' - Mr. M, Fennelly has ari-ived at Flemington in ; chnrge'of Mr. J. AVhitc's'teani; comprising the crestfallen Derby idol,'Barg6,'Tremandb,'.Maa; cotlc, ilonte Christo, Uralla and Matchlock. . Tho Hurricane case,whieli, it will be yemem- ' bored, resulted in the expulsion pf a bookmaker named Fleming from tho Victorian Club, is- .likely to ho re-opened, and it would now appear that the person bringing tho charge is not entitled to the consideration ..which was ac corded. They.havo a peculiar and decidedly novol method of settling turf disputes in New Zealand, more suggestive of a reckless distribution of club' funds' than tho 'proper administration of tho recognised rules' pf "racing, '. of, rattier, stceplcchasing.. The case under notice occurred at a' recent meeting held under ;th'e auspices of tho A.uokIand Racing. Club, when a complica tion arose in connection with a eteeplcehase, of the value of 300 sovs. Several horses started, and the event was won by Clarence,. the horso of that name now. in New South AYales. The owner of Sunniy protested' against all the placed hordes , on the ground that they had gone tho wrcing couriio ; fq'faet, all the competitors exoopting Suhray are 'alleged ,to have g»uo tho'.Tjd'u.rse. The objection ;was sustained l)y the.,;;atpw'ards, who ordered Iheraco to bo riin/pr.Mn .the following day, wheu Cioreuee deeliaefi to .-'face (he flag, and the raco was won by Liuwooil, with Suuiay -second. Now camo tho trouble. Mr. I'ilbrow, tlio bwnor of Clarence, and Mr., Maxwell, the owner of Suuray, each claimed tho stakes, hut tho stewards handed them ovor lo tho owner of I.itiwood, and awarded Mr. l'ilbrow and Mr. Maxwoll £100 each. Whotbor tho last named owners are satisfied with tho adjimtmentof their rdspoof ivo claims did not transpiro. Tho least to be said is that the stewards' action through- out,, tlio imbroglio is of a most oxtraordiuary oliaraoter, and it is questionable whether thoir recognition of the claims of Mossrs.'Pllbrow and. Maxwell does not "render them liable to oho or tlio other for tho full amount of the stakes'. Tho solf culpablenosa on, the part of the stewards is, I think, such as would roudcr matters to their furthor disadvautoge were tho case to bo submitted to a judgo and jury. , It is rumored that Mr. Jamo9 ASTrito has be come possessed of AVolcomo Jack, the ckampiou of Now Zealand, but tbo report lacks confirma tion. . , The following programme lias been adopted by the Hamilton Racing Club for tbe meeting to bo hold on 22nd and 23rd April Maiden Plate, £20; Hurdle Raco, . £40 ; Hamilton Cup, £100; Solliug Race, £20; Bracelet, £21 ; Gal loway Race, £10; Trial Stakos, £20; Racing Club Handicap, £50 ; Juvonilo ' Stakes, £30 ; Steeplechase, £50 ; Flying Haudioap, £30 ; Sol- ling Raco, £30. The numcrouB friends of T. Hales will be pleased lo hear' that he is sufficiently recovered to got out of doors for daily exercise of a mild fonh. .The Ahc,who distinguished himsolf by winning three races at the Into Ararat mooting; has been purchased by Mr. Alfred Summers. \- From Tasmania comes the news'of the death of Peter Dalian, well known as one of tho "oldest trainers in tho island oolouy. . " After leaving A. Davis's establishment Im- >ulse did not long' remain in R. Scrior's hands,' or I notido that thq daughter of King Cold is now attached lo Mr. A.. Johnston's team at Flemington. , The new training track inside tho course pro- por at Floniington is very near completion, and both tlio sand; and tan gallops havo also been considerably improved of late. In tact, traifiora have now no cause for complaint. ' Mr. James AVilson, juii.'s, team at Kensingi ion lias '.been strengthened by tho addition of SiU : ycr King, Little Sister, ItampBtoad, First Prince and Fernsido. Guesswork and The Beyaroen- joyiug a spell. AVilhout this pair young Wilson .has fourteen horscB in active work. , -. Our. Sydney .correspondent tolographs. that 2000 to 60 was -taken against Middlcma'toh, for tho Newmnrket Ilandioap 011 Monday night. " Tho A'ew Zealand Jle/eree thus remarks of Wel come Jack dud Clarence, who will shortly, make, their appearance at Fiemiugtou : — " Thoy havo dpuo their ownor yeoman scrvico in this; colony, and in tho more extended field now open to them we feel sure they will acquit thomselvcs with credit. That Mr. Pilbrow intended them to try their fortunes on tho other side of the water wa3 made known to readers of this jour nal by our Auckland correspondent in our last issue, and judging from his budget in another ' column, tho gentleman whose notii dc cotirte is Mr. . Robertson 'soems annoyed that Mitrailleuse was left behind, hut wo think, on tho contrary, ' that it was 'a slice of. good luok for him, for wo laiow tho" orowd of good horses— and wo might add of bad and. indifferent ones— that thero are iu Aus tralia, and wo nro afraid Mitrailleuso would- havo hardly reflected credit upon us. Judged; in tho light of past .performances, .though, wo. ought to havo no such fear as "regards Wolcdmo; Jack and Clarence, but we cannot holp express ing two opinions we havo always held, viz.:—' That Clarence would havo won the. V.H.C.- Grand National when he was allotted 11 st.'9 lb. threie years book, and that Welcome Jack is. not a real thorough stayer but a most brilliant: sprinter. AVe know that ive shall havo. the lattcr's C.J.C. Handicap, his Auckland Cup,; liis twb Auckland R.C. Handicap viotories, ipsa, his Cantorhary Cup defeat of Black Rose; hurled at our heads for daring oven; to hint' at such ' a thing, but' we slinll! stand' to. our. guns' and shall he surprised if,', unless with alight weight or a weak 'field' behind'him; 'lie Parries off a raoe in Australia- over d distance of ground. A'owi ferrous. WcI-: come Jaok Is' nominated for both tho Austraijan; Cup and Newmarket Handicap to bc 'ruu at the,. A'.R.C. Autumn Meeting in March, and wo sup pose Clarence will figure iu the list of entries; for the Ar.R.C. Grand National, to bo run next! July, though before then he may have 'been' stripped to take part in one of tho numerous valuable steeplechases and hurdlo races that- ore run for at tho big ra'co meetings of ATictoria: and Now South AVales. We don't think, with' theolass'of horses now engaged at the "illogitl-j 'mate gaihe' in 'Australia, be will find tho'cotn-l pauy'very, formidable,' and we; only hopb "his suspicious leg 'will enable him to further gild the already bright eeoutcheon of ' Consistent, Clarence.'" From -.the same "source -I lcain that Mr. .Robertson had :made arrangements, with -Mr. ! Pilbrow for.his mare Mitrailleuse to accompany : AVclcome Jaok' and Clarence, but the telegram with instructions to' bring her to Auokland reached there too late, and she was conse quently unable to bq sent to Sydney. This was : a great disappointment to Mr. Robortson, who, bad passed the entry at tho ' Customs, and . bad , got a box'epecially prepared for tbo daughter of Musket. Intending applicants for tho position of judgo- to tbe V.R.C., rendered vacant by tho death of i Mr. J; Johnston, nro reminded that their com munications must bo in tho hands of tho secre tary, Mr. H. Byron Moore, uot Inter than Mon day next, the 16th inst. Those owners who intend to havo a cut in for some of the good things to he dispensed under the auspices of tho ICyneton District Racing Club on St, Patrick's day, must bear in mind that nominations close at tbe V.R.C, office, Melbourno, or with Mr. F, T. Lavender! at Kyneton, at four p.m. onThursdnynext,.the 19th inst. Tiie ICyneton Handicap of 100 sova-j tlie Lauriston Handicap, of 75 soys.', ' au'd ' llib fiurdle Race, of 59 s»iu, arc well werthy tiie cousiderati-iu of ixuuo of oiu iucln-polil.in no: minntors. Eiitrli-s for Ills Corop Handicap, Flying Slakes, and Hurdle Race require to bo in tho liauds-ot Mr. J.-W. Craig, honorary seorotai-y of tho- Corop Jookey Club, on Thursday, 19lh inst., ltaywood' nominations closo to-day (Satur day). r Tho handicaps for the V.R.O. Autumn Moot ing will make ihoir appearance on Monday noxt, 16th inst.' .- A telegram from our Gordon.. correspondent states- that, tho -Gordon and Egcrteu Racing Olub will hold their "annual meeting on tho 0th March, instead oflOth February! Tho programme w'as igsucd ou Fob. 11, and consists of six events, viz.:— Maiden Plate, Selling Race, Gordon aud Egerton Haudioap, Handicap Hurdlo Race, Minora' Hack Race," ' aud Handicap. . Trot. Nominatious for- the Gordon and Egerton Handicap and tbo Handicap Hurdlo Itaoc wilt close on the 21st Fobruary. ;. A tejegrn'ni from our Sydney correspondent slates that -on the' strength of a more than usually satisfactory trial done, by Battailous at Raudwiok on Monday, ho has been baoked to win tho Newmarket Handicap for all the money in the markot at' lOO's to 3, and leaving off at 100's to 6 taken. Oui-'Beualla cprrceppndont telographe that lhe.c.ommittee of tho Bonalla Race Olub havo adopted, .the" followiug programme for thoir annual meeting, to he held on the 27th Maroh; — Handicap'Hurdtt.', 30 sovs.'; two miles and a quarter. Bnualla Handicap, 60 sovs. ; one inilo and a half. - Trial- Stakes, 20 sovs,; one mile and a quarter. Priucb of Waloa Stakos, handi cap,; 40, sovs.; oho mile and a quarter ; the winuer to be sold for £60. Farmers' Purso, 15. sovs.; one mile; horsos-to be the property of residents within 20 miles -radius of Bonalla. Railway Haudioap! 40 - sovs.-; ouo mile aud a quarter. Aconite Produce Stakes, club adding £10 -tO Mr. Cripps'a purse of 50 sovs. , for two- ybar-olds ; three-quarters of a mile. At a meeting of -tho Murrumbidgeo Turf Club on Thursday the following office-bearers wore appointed Mr. E. O. . Pearson, chairman; Mr. F. Goiviland, treasurer;; .Mr. C. M. Lloyd, judge; Mr. J. J. Pctcival, clorl; of course, and Mr. A. A. Dqvli'nptartpr. Iqponriijcliou with tlio Autumn mooting to bo held ou the 22nd and 23nl April, tho amount of added money has been increased by £300, tho total added_ being now £700., 1 Tbo following Ib tlio latest betliug' at Sydney on- tho- Newmarket -Handicap.: — Sir, Garnet, 100 -to 6; Battailous ami Coningsby, .100 to 6 ; Prometheus,' Anchorite; Mascotte and Surrey, 100 to 5 ; Malua, Garfield, Middlomarcli, The Ghost, Surprise, Sheet Anohor. and- Velocipede, 100 to 4; Meander, Loporollo, Oarbunolo and Claudino, 100 to 3. A telegram from our Adelaide correspondent slates that Mr. J. II, Parr, auctioneer, on 12th Fob.offoredforBardtheMorph'ettvllloraceoourso, together with the "grand stand and otbor fix tures. Mr. Parr declared that every sportsman acknowledged tho course tq be tho best aud most suitable in tbo colonies, and stated that- the club had spent nearly £10,000 on improve ments. .Not a single bid; howovcr, was secured, and. tho property was withdrawn. \- Last -week I remnrked that Mr. AY. Nloholl, one of the leading' English bookmakers, aud a councillor of tbo .Nottingham corporation, ro- contly distributed 14,000 Hi. of broad to the poor of that oity., Mr. Nicholl has sinco sup plemented his liberal gift with a similar instal ment of the " staff of life." 