WYLLARD'S WEIRD. A NOVEL. Bt M. E. BRADDON, Authoress of 'Lady Audley's Secret,' ' Phantom Fortune,' &c;, [Published by special arrangement with the authoresa. All rights reserved.] Chal'Teu XXX III.— 'Sweet is Death tor Evermore.' i Dismal hours, dreary d^yo of monotonous melancholy, a hopeless lassitude of iniud and body followed for the widow after that awful sudden death. Every one was very kind; every one was considerate ; even the law was ] more than usually indulgent. The horror of an inquest was spared to that desolate mourner. Things were made very easy by Sir Williain Spencer's recent visit, by the fact that he had been heard by the servants to pronounce the case hope less. Mr. Nicholls, the local practitioner, registered the cause of death as muscular atrophy, and considered himself justified in so doing, as to his mind suicide had been only a symptom of the malady, a paroxysm of despair following closely upon Sir William Spencer's admission that the end was inevitable. ' If ever a man had a right to take his own life that man had,' said Mr. Nicholls when he argued the matter with his own conscience. An inquest would have done good to nobody, but Mr. Nicholls was very anxious for a post mortem. He wanted to see if the muscles were much wasted, if the medulla itself showed traces of disease — whether Cruveilhier or Virchow had the best of the argument. But he was not allowed this privilege. Those early stages of bereavement, while the house was darkened — that sunless autumn day on which the funeral train wound slowly over the moor to the distant burial-ground, the read ing of the will, the coming and going of friends and legal advisers — were as an evil dream to Dora Wyllard. She took no part in anything, she affected no interest in anything. Just at the last she was asked if she would not like to lay her offering upon the coffin— one of those costly wreaths, those show-white crosses of fairest exotics which had been sent in pro fusion to the wealthy dead — but she shrank from the questioner with a shudder. ' Flowers upon that coffin ~i No, no, no.' Yet just at the very last, when the procession ] wasleavingthehall, sheappearedsuddenlyinthe ' midst of the mourners, pale as the dead,' broke through the crowd, and threw her tribute on the coffin lid, a handful of wild violets gathered with her own hands in the melancholy autuuia shrubberies. She bent down and laid her face upon the coffin. ' I loved you once !' she moaned, ' I loved you once !' and then kind hands drew lier away, half fainting, and led her back to her room. The blow had quite unsettled poor Mrs. Wyllavd's mind, people said afterwards, re counting this episode, at second, third, or fourth hand. No one was surprised when «he left Penmorval within a week -«f the funeral, and went abroad with her tivo old servants, PriscillaandStodden. ; Heathcote and Bothwell had planned every thing for her, both being ag«jed that she must : be taken away from the soene of her sorrow as , speedily as the thing could be done ; and she had obeyed them implicitly, unquestioningly, like a little child. What could ft matter where she went, or ' what became of her ? That was the thought in her own mind when she assented so meekly to every arrangement that was being made for her welfare. What grief that ever widowed heart had to bear could be equal to her agony ? It was not the loss of a husband she had adored — that loss for this life which might have been balanced by gain in a better life. It was the extinction of a beloved image for ever. It was the knowledge that this man to whom she had given the worship of her warm young heart, the enthusiastic regard of inexpenencea girlhood, had never been worthy of ner love ; that he had come to her wepry from the dis appointment of a more passionate lore than he could ever again offer to woman — the first deep love of a strong nature — a love that burns itself into heart and mind as aqua fortis into steel. He had come to her stained with bloodguilti jiess — an unconfessed assassin — holding his head hiffh among his fellow-men, playing the Bod citi?en- the generous landlord, the patron, the ben'*f ac£°r — ^°e who had slain the widow's only son He '^ uved a double lif e, hiding his pleasures, fast ^is gains should be lessened by men's knowledge' o/lHs bghter hours. He who had seemed to her' tnV? very spirit of truth and honor had been steeprf to the hps in false hood—a creature of masks M1Q semblances. This it was which bowed her to ti'e Ox^t~ tilVi it was which weighed upon her spirits Xs no common loss could have done. With her own hands she explored her hus- \ band's desk and despatch boxes — the recep tacles for all his more important papers — hi search of any written confession which should attest the dead mail's guilt, and for ever pro claim Bothwell's innocence. It would have been unutterable agony to her to have made such a confession public —to have let the curious eyes of the world peer in upon that story of guilt and shame ; yet had an y such document existed she would have deemed it her duty fo make it public — her duty to her kinsman who had been made the scapegoat of another's crime. Happily for her peace there was no such paper to be found — not a line, not a word which hinted at the dead man's secret ; and happily for Bothwell, the cloud that had hung over him had by this time dispersed. The steadiness with which he had held his ground in the neighborhood, the fact of his engagement to Miss Heathcote, had weighed with his Bodmin traducers ; and those who had been the first to hint their suspicions were now the readiest to protest against the infamy of such an idea. Had Bothwell emigrated immediately after the inquest these same people would have gone down to the grave convinced that he was the murderer. But before the end of that year there oc curred an event which was considered proof positive of Bothwell's innocence, and an abso lute solution of the mystery of the unknown girl's death. A miner entered a solitary farm house between Bodmin and Lostwithiel, in the dim grey of a winter evening, and killed two harmless women folk — an old woman and a young one — for the sake of a very small booty. He was caught red-handed, tried, con victed, and hanged in Bodmin Gaol; but although he confessed nothing, and died a hardened, impenitent sinner, it was believed by every one in the place that his was the pitiless hand which had sent the French girl to her doom. 'She had a little bit o' money about her, may be, poor lass, and he took it from her, and when she screamed he pushed her out of the train. Such a man would think no more of doing it than of wringing the neck of a chicken,' said an honest townsman of Bodmin. Thus having identified somebody aS the murderer, Bodmin was content, and Bothwell Grahame was more popular than he had ever been in the neighborhood. He gave the county town but little of his society, notwithstanding this restoration to favor. He rarely played billiards at the inn, or loitered to gossip in the high street. He could not forget that people had once looked coldly upon him, that he had suffered the shame of unjust suspicion. At Trevenna he was happy, for there no one had ever so wronged him, there he was a favorite with everybody, from the rector to the humblest fisherman. At Trevalga too, and at Boscastle he had friends. He could afford to turn his back upon the people who had been so ready to think evil of him. One of Heathcote's first cares after the Pen morval funeral had been to write to the Ba ronne de Maucroix. His letter was to the fol lowing effect : — ' It is my grave duty to inform you, madame, that the murderer of your son has confessed his crime, and also that he has escaped from all earthly tribunals to answer for his sins before the Judge of all men. A painful malady from which he had been from some time a sufferer ended fatally on the evening of the 19th inst., within the hour in which he confessed his guilt. His case had been pronounced hopeless oy a distinguished physician; but it is just possible the shock caused by the unexpected revelation of his guilt may have hastened his end. 'Accept, madame, my respectful homage, and permit me also to express my admiration of that truly Christian spirit which you'evinced at our late interview. 'Edwaed Heathcotk.' By return of post Mr. Heathcote received an answer to his letter, but the answer was not in the handwriting of the Baronne de Maucroix. That hand was still for ever. The letter was from the baronne's friend and confessor, the cure* of the village adjacent to her mansion. 'Monsieur— Under the sad circumstances prevailing at the chateau, I have taken it upon myself, with the permission of the late baronne's legal representative, to reply to your polite communication, which was never seen by the eyes of my lamented friend and benefactress, Madame de Maucroix. Upon that every evening which you name in your letter as the date of the murderer's death, I called at the chateau soon after vespers, according to my daily custom, being permitted at that period of the day's de cline to enjoy an hour's quiet conversation with that saintly woman who has now been taken from us. I was ushered as usual into the salon, where I quietly awaited Madame de Maucroix's appearance, having been told that she was in her son's room, that apartment which she used as her oratory. 'I knew that it was her custom to spend hours in that chamber of her beloved dead, ab sorbed in spiritual meditations ; so I waited with patience, and without surprise, for more than an hour, musing by the fire. Then, wondering at this unusual forgetfuln6ss in one always so considerate, I ventured to lift the portiere and to pass through the intervening salon, which was in darkness, to the bed chamber, where, through the half-open door, I saw a lamp burning. 'I pushed the door a little further open and went in. The baronne was on her knees be side the bed, her clasped hands stretched out straight before her upon the satin coverlet, her face leaning forward. I should have with drawn in respectful silence, but there was some thing stark and rigid in the dear lady's atti tude which filled me with fear. I wondered that she had not been disturbed by the sound of my footsteps, for my heavy shoes had creaked as I walked across the floor. I drew nearer to her — not a breath — not a movement. ' I bent over her and touched the clasped hands. They were coldfor everin death. It was a peaceful, a blessed ending; such an end as they who best loved that noble creature would have chosen for her. 'Accept, monsieur, the assurance of my high consideration. 'PlERKE DUPT-ESSI.' Chai-tek XXXIV.— 'Who Knows not Circe?' The Cornish tors, those wild blown hills upon whose dark foreheads time writes no wrinkles, were just one year older since Julian Wyllardrs death, and Bothwell Grahame was established in his house at Trevenna as an in structor of the embryo engineer. Already two lids had gone forth from Bothwell's house after six months' training, and had done well at Woolwich. Other lads were coming to him — sons of men he had known in Bengal. He was on the high road to reputation. After that first passionate disgust with all things during which he had stopped the builders, prepared to quash that contract which he had signed with such delight, there had come a more tranquil spirit, and Bothwell Grahame had faced his last unexpected trouble with a resolute heart. A conversation which he had with Edward Heathcote soon after Julian Wyllard's death had given hiin his first gleam of light. Heath cote spoke to him hopefully of the future, and urged him to wait quietly. ' Your marriage will be so much the wiser, so much the more likely to result in lasting happiness for this delay,' he said. ' If your are as loyal and stanch as I believe you to be, if it is really my sister you wouldlike to marry, and not this fascinating widow who woos you with fortune in one hand and social status in the other— if you are really bent upon sacri ficing these gocd things for Hilda's sake, be sure she will ultimately accept your sacrifice. In the meantime be patient, and pursue your independent course. A. woman always respects a man who can live without her.' 'But I cannot, 'answered Bothwell. 'Life will be less than life to me till Hilda and I are one.' ' Don't let her know that if you mean to be master of your fate in the future,' said Heath cote. 'Time can be the only test of your tiuth. If at the end of a year you have not married Lady Valeria Harborough the chances are that my sister will begin to have faith in you. I know that she loves you.' ' Tell me where she is tliat I may go to her — that I may convince her.' 'I have promised to respect her secret,' answered Heathcote firmly. Bothwell accepted this friendly oounsel with a good grace, went back to his old lodgings at Trevenna, set the builders at work again, spent lus days in the open air and his nights in hard study, ate little, slept less, and looked like the ghost of his former self. He saw no more of Lady Valeria; but a society paper informed him early in November that she had taken a villa at Monaco. He could guess from what fount of consolation she was obtaining obli vion of her griefs. Her grace, her charm of manner, were dwelt upon fondly by theparagraphist. She waa leading a life of absolute seclusion, on account of her recent bereavement ; but she was the admired and ob served of all whenever she appeared. The succeeding paragraph told of Sir George Mildmay's residence at one of the chief hotels. He was a distinguished figure at the tables, had broken the Dank on more than one occa sion * Bothwell smiled a cynical smile at the juxta position of those two names. 'I suppose the gentleman has forgotten bis beating, ne said to himself. It was an. infinite c«Uei to him to know that Lady Valeria was oil $**£ other side of the Channel, that her pale £»Ce pould not rise before him ghostlike amidst the Home which she had ruined. He worked on C»tb all the better will at that embryo home of bis for the knowledge that this dreaded syren was far away. He worked with such energy that the builders were whipped out of their customary jog-trot, and laid bricks as bricks were never laid before. Bothwell watched every brick with a three-foot rule in his hand, and pointed out every flaw in the work. He paid his builder promptly as the w«rk progressed, and gave him every encouragement to be speedy. The alterations and improvements in the old cottage were all finished by the end of No vember, and the builders had finished the brickwork of the new rooms. The old rooms were thoroughly dry and ready for occupation jaei'ore Christmas, and Bothwell spent his CHristil'as in his own house— the first Christ mas l-e had so spent, and a very dismal one. But he fca-'i hi? do°« I devoted collie, his pipe, and his booH ^d.he made t^e. ^est of his dreary life. He had £ couple of lads, his first pupils, coming to Mm t^A? '? January, and ie wanted to air the house Ju hl? own person. He was a little proud of this fin. J house of hiS own, even in the midst of his sadnes^- as. every man is proud of the thing he has creat«O' .**& walked about the rooms, opening and shro.rm& doors and window-sashes to see how fch*7 w;orked. Needless to say that some of them did not work at all, and that he had various interviews with foremen and carpenters, by whom a good deal of tinkering had to be done before everything was ship-shape. That was Bothwell's favorite expression. He wanted things ship-shape. 'He ought to call his house ' Snip-shape Hall,' said the foreman. Bothwell's chief delight was derived from his own little inventions and contrivances, his shelves in odd corners, his pegs and hooks, and ingenious little cupboards. These he gazed upon and examined daily in silent rapture. When his two boys came to him, long-legged brawny youths, with open countenances, grin ning perpetually for very shyness — he took them to see all the shelves and hooks, and ex pounded lus theories in relation to those con veniences. There was not to be a slovenly corner in the house ; every article was to have its peg or hook, or shelf or cupboard. Tennis balls, rackets, foils, single-sticks, skates, whips, guns, boots, caps, and gloves. Everything was to be classified— departmented. Organisation was to be the leading note. Before a week was over the boys had begun to adore Both well. They were sporting, and could afford to keep horses, so Bothwell and his pupils hunted with fox-hounds and harriers all through that long winter, far into the gladness of spring. The boys were always with him. He had no leisure in which to abandon himself to sad ness, except when he shut himself up in his study to write to his cousin Dora, who was living in Florence, attended by her maid and by Stodden, the old Penmorval butler. She was living in absolute retirement, broken hearted, seeing no one, seen by no one. The society papers had nothing to say about her. From Bothwell Heathcote sometimes heard of Julian Wyllard's widow, heard of her with an aching heart. No message of friendship, no line of recognition had there ever been for him in any of those letters to Bothwell, of which he was generally told, some of which had been read to him. Hilda had been quietly pursuing her studies at the Conservatoire all this time, seeing a good deal of Parisian life in a very modest way, that inner life of struggling artists and men of letters, and their homely industrious families, a life in which she found much that was intel lectual blended with a pleasant simplicity, an absence of all pretence. She liked the TiUett girls, and she liked her surroundings ; while music, which had always been a passion with her, now became the sole object of her existence. 'I suppose you will come back to the Spaniards some day, and take care of the twins and me,' her brother said to her one day in the August after Wyllard's death. lie had stopped in Paris to see Hilda on his way to Switzerland. 'Yes, I shall go back to the old ^home — when Bothwell is married.' 'That is rather hard lines for me, seeing I don't believe Bothwell has any idea of getting married to any one except you.' Hilda blushed, and then shook her head de spondingly. ' Who can tell what he means to do ?' she said. *' General Harborough died less than a year ago. Lady Valeria could scarcely marry within the year.' ' But if Bothwell meant to marry Lady Valeria he would scarcely be grinding lads at Trevenna,' answered Heathcote. 'He has behaved so well that I feel it my duty to plead for him.' Hilda put her arm round her brother's neck and kissed him, by way of answer. 'Let me finish my- studies at the Conserva toire, and then, at the beginning of next winter, I will go back to the Spaniards if you should still want me there. But perhaps you will have found another mistress for the old house before that time.' 'I know what you mean, Hilda,' he answered gravely. 'No, there is no hope of that.' 'Not yet, perhaps. It is too soon. Dora is too loyal and true to forget easily. But the day will come when her heart will turn to her first love. You have never ceased to care for her, have you, Edward?' ' No, dear, such a loye as mine means once, and once only. My wife was all goodness, and I was grateful to her, and fond of her— but that affection was not like the old love, and it never extinguished the oldlove.' 'Be sure your reward will come in due time.' ' 1 can afford to wait, Hilda.' He went on to Switzerland, strayed into Italy, the St. Gotha route inviting him. He spent a month at Florence, and he saw Dora Wyllard several times during that period for half an hour at a time. She had taken up her abode for the summer at a mountain inn near the Abbey of the Grey Monks, in the forest of Vallombrosa, a truly romantic spot amidst the wooded hills. Hither Edward Heathcote made his pilgrimage, deeming himself richly re warded by half an hour's interview ; but there was little in such interviews to stimulate hope. The widow was bowed down by the burden of her sorrow. Her only feeling in relation to Edward Heathcote was that he alone upon earth knew the story of her husband's life, and that he alone could fully sympathise with her in her hopeless misery. There are widows and widows. While Dora Wyllard was living alone among the pines and chesnuts of the Appenines, seeing no one but monks and occasional tourists, and religiously avoiding the latter, Lady Valeria Harborough was living up the Thames, in a neighborhood which has of late become so fashionable as to rank rather as an annex to West-End London than as the country. She had hired one of the prettiest villas at Marlow, a dainty bungalow, built by an artist, who soon tired of his toy, and exchanged the villa for a house-boat, which was less com modious, a good dealmoreunhealthy, but which possessed the charm of not being rooted in the soil. The house had seemed perfect when Lady Valeria took it ; but she sent down a West-End upholsterer with a keen eye for the beautiful to make all possible improvements, and the result was a nest which might have satisfied a modern Cleopatra. Yet it did not quite satisfy Lady Valeria, who found fault with a good many things, and informed the upholsterer that although his taste was fairly good, and his coloring well chosen, there was an absence of originality in lus work. ' I have seen other houses almost as pretty,' she said, ' and I have seen drawing-rooms just like this, which is worse. I hate to live in rooms like other people's.' The upholsterer murmured something about a royal princess and a royal duchess, both of whom had condescended to express them selves pleased at his decoratiou of their houses ; but Lady Valeria froze him with her look of scorn. ' I hope you don't compare me with royal princesses,' she said contemptuously. 'They are accustomed to let other people think for them, poor creatures, and they take anything they can get. No one expects originality in a palace. I don't wish to grumble, Mr. Shera dale, but I am just a little disappointed in your work. It has no cacliet.' The upholsterer accepted his reproof meekly, but with an air of being wounded to the quick ; and he took care to debit his wounded feelings against Lady Valeria when he made out his bill. That villa up the river in the lovely June and July weather seemed to be in the midst of the world's fair. It was gayer than Park-lane — a more concentrated gaiety. Pleasure wore her zone a little looser here than in London. There was just a touch of Bohemianism. People wore what they lilwd, said what they liked, did as thoy luted. There were few stately entertainments, few formal dinners, or smart dances ; but every one kept open house, there was a perpetual dropping in, or going and coming, which kept carriages and horses at work all day between houses and stations. The river was like a high road, and half the population lived in white flannel and smart tennis frocks and eccentric hats. It was a world apart — a bright glad summer- world in which there was no such thing as thought or care : a world of shining blue water and green meadows, dipping willows, rushy eyots, and hanging woods ; a world in which there were hardly any regular meals, only a perpetual picnic, the popping of champagne corks heard in every creek and backwater, while humbler levellers rested on their oars to drink deep of shandy gaff ; a world musical every evening with glees, and songs, and serenades, to an accompaniment of feathering oars. In such a world as this Lady Valeria Har borough lived over again the same kind of life she had lived at Simla — but not quite the same, for at Simla she had maintained her dignity as General Harborough's wife. She had received the worship of her admirers as a queen in the old days of chivalry might receive the homage of true knights. Now she had a different air, and the homage that was- offered ; waa of a. different quality^ That winder of widowhood at Monaco, with her gfaue** a^ Sir George Mildmay in constant attena.*njg upon her, had made a curious change in Laajr Valeria. It had vulgarised her with that gra tuitous vulgarity which has become of late years one of the leading notes in English society— the affectation of clipped words and slang phrases, the choice of vulgar ideas, the studious cultivation of vulgar manners. Naturally this acquired vulgarity of May Fair is not quite the same as that of Brixfos or Highbury. There is not the genuine ring about it. The accent is the accent of Patricia, but the words are the words of Plebeia. It is, however, all the more offensive because of that blending of aristo cratic insolence — that Pall Mall swagger which gives ton to the language of Hoxton and Hol loway. Lady Valeria had fallen into the fashionabla Blang and the current driveL She had left off reading, and had taken to cigarettes. Her court was less of a court than of old, and mors of a smoke-room. People came and went, and did and said what they liked in her presence. Sometimes in the dreamy noontide, when the closed Venetians and the shadowy rooms re called the atmosphere of Simla, Lady Valeria reclined in her lounging chair, fanning herself languidly, and half stupified with chloral, a state which she described as being ' a little low.' Sometimes in the evening she was all all fire and sparkle, a vivacity which her ene mies attributed to dry champagne. There wa3 ft ^eat deal of champagne consumed at that idea! ^ri^a J but with a perpetual dropping in of visitors a household conducted upon the laxest princi^fesj who could tell what became of the wine? The empty bottles were the only difficulty, sinCb there seems to .be no too yet invented for empty champagne bottles ; the very outcasts, the rag and bone collectors, reject them. Lady Valeria was going to the bad. That was the general opinion among her nearest and dearest — the people who ate her dinners and drank her wine, and smoked her cigarettes, and used her luxurious rooms as if the villa had been a club. She had taken a horror of solitude, must have a crowd about her always, be amused cost what it might ; and as she hated her own family she would have none of them, at any price. Hence the somewhat rowdy following which made the house by the river notorious. Lady Valeria had been ruined by a winter at Monaco. That was what some people said. Others ascribed her deterioration to the fact of having escaped all control, and having too much money at her disposal Others shook their heads, and asked what could be expected of any woman whose guide, philosopher, and friend was George Mildmay. 'And he means to be her husband,' added one shrewd observer. 'My dear Aubrey, she detests him,' urged another. 'That makes no difference. He means to marry her. A woman who takes chloral will marry any man who makes up his mind to have her.' (To he continued J. 