A Ghost Indeed. There was once a happy time when I did not believe in ghosts. I believe in tlicm now, alas ; for aftera gliost lias cost you — but I will relate the circumstances as they occurred. I was seated at my dinner-table one night, trifling with a bit of fine ripe stilton cheese as a conclusion to a most excellent dinner, and I was in a very good frame of mind. It was a rough night outside, but the roaring of the wind, and the occasional gusts of heavy rain that were driven o gainst the windows, only served to heighten the comfort within. A blight fire burned in my polished grate, and gleamed on my handsome furniture, and the few choice pictures that adorned my walls. Theheavy chaudelier shed a bright light upon the silver and damask of the dinner table; thick crimson curtains were drawn before the windows, and not a breath of the cold night-wind could enter my warm and pleasant room. I like comfort, I may even go so far as to say I like luxury; and from my earliest youth upwards I have always been determined to have it someday either by fair means or — otherwise ; that is to say, I did not intend to let sentimental trifles stand between me and the making of money. And to begin with 1 decided never to marry. Because if a man is married it is not much use making money, for it goes as quickly as it comes, and tho man himself gets no benefit from it at all, except those romantic sort who, ensnared early, now try to make the best of their lot by declaring they have more than moneys' worth in seeiD g a lot of rosy faces round their table and a happy motherly one opposite to their own. But these are the luxuries I never cared for — never in fact believed in, and I dispensed with them without the slightest self-denial. Indeed, I could never help a feeling of pleasant self complacency as I carved a partridge or a grouse for one only, and wondered how far it would have gone among . ten or twelve ! Bnt, still, I have had my romance, for I once fell violently in love with very rich widow, and I asked her to marry ine. The keen nngnage she used upon that occasion, however, and the soi-did miserable motives she put upon my conduct were such ns prevented me from ever trying the experiment again. I am not the very thinnest-skinned of mortals — in fact some people say 1 am the thickest — but 1 was too uroud fo put myself in the way of a woman's impudence again, for when once a woman begins she never knows when to stop. So I have remained a bachelor. In my business transactions I was unfortunate, and five or six years before the dale I am writing of I became a bankrupt. Mv creditors were unpleasant— -1 believe creditors often are — ana gave me as much trouble and worry as they could ; but at last they accepted lialf-a-crown in the pound — some people only pay a few pence J — and I got my dis charge. And then I managed to smile a little whenever 1 met one of them who had hurled such disagreeable epithets at me when I was in their power and could not help myself. I never looked at them but I- always smiled as I passed them, even though my glance was on the ground. I did not often meet any of them, however, as business generally took me down a side street or into a shop when . I saw one of them comipg. After my bankruptcy I wasvery prosperous, I extended my business — some people 'eaidit seemed as if I had more capital to work on — and in a jfew years I was able to 'retire . from trade and become a gentleman at large; but, from envy and jealousy very probably, I never seemed to be appreciated in my native town.; Even my charitable acts were made occasions to insult me, as the following postcard ' that 1 received will show : — 'Dear Sir,' it ran, 'the good, old proverb, 'be just before you are generous' recurred very forcibly to me (one of your creditors who received* two-and- sixpence in the pound last May) when I saw a notice of your handsome subscription to the church ex tension fund in yesterday's newspaper. I only wish it had recurred to you.' So when I was my own master I left the town and retired to another where I was not known, and here I very quickly /ound my proper sphere. I gave liberally to every charity — that had a published list of donations — and I soon became talked of and respected,' and on the very day of which I tun writing I had received a letter from the clergyman of the toost fashionable church in the town asking me if I should liave any objection to under take the post of sidesman in place of a gentleman just deceased ! I felt extremely gratified, for if there is one occupation I love above another, it is taking the collection plate round among a large and fashionable congregation, when 1 wear an expression of bland humility that contrasts well with the faultless lit of my immaculate broadcloth. I am not accustomed to writing. magazine articles, hut before proceeding with ray narrative I think it is now in proper order that I should describe my personal appearance. Then I trust I shall be a real and living presence to the reader; for I am not a mere fanciful creation ot a novelist's ' brain — I am a real man, and I do not think I am a remark able man ; I believe there are many veiy like me, although, I am happy to say, I have never met with one. How difficult it is to describe oneself ! I have sat, pen in hand, for above an hour, and yet I do not know how to begin my description! If I said what I really think — which, however, I am not in the-habit of doing on any subject whatever— I should.be accused, in this illnatured world, of conceit ; so I will try to remember all the personal remarks I have ever had made to me, and see what they amount to. But even this willnotbe fair, for I find I cannot recollect that anyone ever said £ pleasant thing to me in my life. I am a man of few friends. Nearly all the people I {plow are enemies, so it really would be unjust to myself to report their remarks; aiid I should not like to do it,r for some of their sayings about me are such that I dp not even like to recall thorn to my own mind, much less write then down for public inspection ! But a very brilliant idea occurs to me— I will write to my cousin Andrew and tell him to describe ine, and then I will copy his description here. And I know he will tell the truth. -My cousin Andrew is about the only man for whom* I have sincere * respect, for I have never been able , to borrow money from him on any pretence whatever. Whenever I approach the subject, in howsoever round-about or innocent a way, a peculiarly knowing look comes into his eves, and when at last I come to the point, he does all kinds of disagreeable things ; poke me in my ribs— he is very unpleasant at times, is Andrew— ask if I seeanygreen in his eve, or detect any lat entlunacy, and other stale wit, until I feel posi tively annoyed . But he never gave me a penny yet, and I cannot help bnt regard him with admiration ana respect. So I will write to him now and ask him to describe me. Since writing the above the description has arrived, and, I *hinlr I have made a mistake in writing in such warm terms of my cousin Andrew. Often as he has been dis agreeable lie has astonished me this time.. But as I said I would put the description in, I will keep to my. word, for I think it . will amuse the ' redder as a nice specimen of iousinly spite'and jealousy. This is what he writes : ' My cousin, Robin Richardson has hot a prepossessing appearance, yet it is so true a reflec tion of his inward man that I always wondered he has managed to hambobzle as many people as 'he Has. Garlyle says tho world is composed of knaves and fools — chiefly fcols ; and II think they must be very chiefly fools when I consider Robin's financial exploits and— nis personal appearance. Xhere is 'kn:tvc'* written all over liim, from his shining black head to his shining black boots. As I said before, he is not prepossessing :he seems to use some gi easy unction in the place of -the usual soap and water, and he never looks clean. He has close dalt whiskers, but shaves all else. He is very dark skinned and greasy. . He has a short, thick set figure and no heck, ambhe Tarries his shoulders lip about his ears, and goes 'through the world sideways, both physically and morally. He has shifty little light green eyes and 'never looks anyone in the face if he can help it. And this is the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the , truth — my hand upon it, Robin! — from your affectionate cousin Andrew.' . ? .. Jfes, this was the -answer I got — the description he sent ! A WIT think thereader -will not be surprised- to ;hear that \- Andrew and t will neveragain be on speaking trrmsonthiiul fide -*$ie*rave 9r the other either. OS courts# be ontfg meant it in joke — anyone can see that, and the temptation I put in his way was greater than he could resist. But there are jokes and jokes— some can be forgiven — some can not. And this cannot. To resume *. I finished my stilton and drew my chair up to the fire while my trim but somewhat pert bousmaid took away the dinner cloth and set upon the table a bottle of prime old port and a box of choice cigars. Having done this she retired but shortly afterwards re- entered the room with a letter upon a silver salver. It had just come by the evening post. I took it and looked at the superscription lazily, and saw it was directed in a lady's flowing highly-finished hand — pro- bably a begging, letter, I thought 'with a condescending 'femile, from some charitable patroness of 'homes' &c;, who has heard of my liberality. Well, it would all depend on circumstances whether 1 gave anything or not. I should not give anything if it was any tlnng obscure or un known, as in that case I should set no high example, which was always my primary object when I put my hand in my pocket. But my eye suddenly fell on the post-mark of the letter, and, somehow or other, a different feeling from that of complacency came over me, for it was the post mark of my native town ! I tore the letter open and read it impatiently, and a harsh grating laugh burst from me, not at all like my usual soft titter. It was a disagreeable letter, an impertinent letter, an impudent letter, an unwarrantable letter, and it filled me with impatient wrath! To think that anyone, even a woman, could have been such a fool as to write a letter like that to me. No claim upon me but that of justice and honour ! Then, why on earth had she wasted her paper and ink in writing to me ? It was perfectly absurd, and I threw tho letter angrily into the fire. ' I should have had a fierce pleasure in watching it burn to ashes, but it did not bum — it flew up the chimney entire. What would become of it ? Would it fly out at the top or take fire, set the chimney ablaze and burn the roof over my head? The first alternative was the worst, for my house and furniture were insured, and a fire might be profit able ; but if it flew out of the chimney there was no know ing where it might get or into whose hands it might fall. And it was not a letter I should have liked anyone to see. It was a disagreeable letter as I have said before, and clearer and more concise than ladies usually write. It made no asser tions ; it uttered no accusations ; it merely stated a fcw.plain facts. But these few facts made me look like one of the meanest sneaks on the face of the earth. And it was that which vexed me so ! And just when I was feeling so com fortable and good! It was too bad, and I began to feel sulky and injured as well as annoyed, and I could not give up thinking about that letter, do what I would. It was from the -wife of one of my late creditors. Her husband was a young man and had been one of my largest creditors — owing to his inexperience of the world, I suppose, and also because he had very little common sense. Why had he trusted me to such* an extent if he could not afford to lose the money? I felt half inclined to answer the letter and ask his wife a question or two like that. I fancied I could set her fast. But women are so unreason able that she would fail to see it was quite illogical to urge — as she did in her letter — that her husband had trusted me chiefly because his father had been a very good-friend to me' and had_helped me to a good start in life, and perhaps she might even crown the height of her absurdity by reminding me that I had pledged my solemn word to her husband that he should never lose a farthing through me. She knew all about thoBe securities that were in reality no securities at all, and die reminded me of what an exposure there might have been for 'me but for her husband's forbearance. So she asked me, now that I was in prosperous circumstances, to repay to herhuBband the money of which 1 had defrauded him — 1 use her own words. Shedetailed the circumstances under which I had obtained the.money from him, and she alluded to the promise I had made. She further said how the want of the money crippled her husband's business, and how the interest upon some they had had to borrow was almost greater than they could pay, and that with an in creasing family — what the deuce had I to do with their increasing family? — times were becoming very hard in deed, ana she demanded me to pay to her husband three thousand pounds ! She was reasonable enough to own that she had no legal claim upon mc, but she was un reasonable enough to talk of the claims of gratitude and honour J Oh, I think I never felt more terribly annoyed in all my life ! And she crowned it all by saying that she was willing to put the facts of the case before any honour able gentleman I might name — the clergyman of my church, she went so far as to suggest— and then most willingly submit to his decision as to what I ought to do ! The very tears of indignation came into my eyes ! But women have impudence enough for anything!* I knew young Vane himself would never have asked me to pay him back— he had probably learned a thing or two these last few years— and I concluded his wife had written this letter without his knowledge. But, still, the young fellow himself had annoyed me a good deal: He may not have intended to do so, but I have my feelings— though some people profess to doubt it— and it annoyed1 me to see him getting shabbier and shabbier as month after month went on, and his face growing quite old and careworn. And his wife, too, who had been so pretty and stylish once — how I did hate to see her pushing that perambulator! And when it became a double one I really could hot bear it, but turned in anywhere rather than meet* her. I had always been polite to her — I always took off my hat when I met her, but she never returned that civility by the slightest acknowledgment— she only looked at me wiui a steady, stern sort of look that made me feel as if my clothes were too big for me, or as if I wanted to stoop down and go along on all-fours, or sideways, or anyway except erect and straight. I believe my shoulders always did. go a little further up towards my ears and a sort of sideway swagger come into my gait when I met her, but it was hot my fault — it was hers, and I disliked her very much. And now this letter had come, and I could not get it out of my mind. , At last in desperation I rang the bell and told the house maid to replenish the fire. ' I liave just tried to bum a letter,' I began, hesitatingly, as she lightly swept the bars, ' but it flew up the chimney. What do you think will become of it ? ' ' It won't do any harm — it'll scorch away,' answered Mary. ' Do you really think so ? ' IJasked, looking at her with unfeigned admiration. * ' Oh, yes, sir, there's no danger, the chimley was only swept a fortnight since,' she answered confidently, ' But it is not the chimney I am thinking of-^it is . the letter. I particularly wanted to destroy it.' ' Well, sir, I don't think as how you'll ever see it again if it went up the chimley. But I 'think pr'aps it didn't, as there's a letter under that chair that's pr'aps it?' and she picked up a letter and handed it to me n'd then left the , room. L looked at the letter curioiisly. It seemed im possible, and yet here it was truly enough — that detestable composition again J ' I did not trouble myself to read it again. I put it very carefully into die fire, held it down with the poker, and watched it bum slowly. A couple of hours afterwards I went to bed. In the morning I had quite recovered from the annoy ance of the previous evening. ' I even smiled a little as 1 thought about the letter, and I seated myself at die break fast table with a' strong 'inclination for the good things before me, when,1 upon the plate before me I saw— the letter! I knew it well enough by sight now, and there was no mistake. ?' Where did that — that t h itty come from? ' I asked of Mary, who just then entered with my dhocolate,' and I pointed to the letter, for I did not feel equal to touching it. ' You left it on the table last night,' said the maid. And I thought there was an extra pertness in her manner, and a conviction came over mc that Bhe had read the letter. ' I left no letter on the table last night/'- I said sternly. ' ' Anyway, it's addressed to you at the bottom', plain as plain can be,' retorted the girL ' You have read it then ? '* with increasing sternness, ' Yes, Mr. Richardson, I have read it,' returned Mary with increasing contnmaciousness. Should I conciliate or defy her ? 'It is a very malicious letter,'. I said mildly, 'and I intend to take proceedings against the person wito wrote it ; it4e an impudent attempt to extort money/' iff* 1 don't know abont'that,Mr. Richardson,' said Mary irmly, ' for there's a truthful ring about it, it offers no threats as I can see. And, likewise, Mrs. Vane isn't a lady that would be impudent or try to get money wrongful. I lived with her and her husband when they were first married, and a better young lady never stepped.' 'Oh! you know her tlicnr' I faltered, considerably taken aback. ' Yes, I was housemaid to them when they were first married,' repeated the girl, ' and I only left because they had to give up keeping two servants, on account of a scamp having cheated them out of - their money, which I didn't know was you till I read that letter !' ' Leave the room at once, and my house in an hour !' ' Then I shall want a month's wages, if you please.' 'You will have your wages, but you need not apply to me for a character.' ? ' I can do without that,' said the girl, 'for I shall just tell folks the truth.' ' If you spread - any injurious reports about me, I shall have you up for defamation of character,' I said, haughtily. ' Then you'd better have me up, for I showed the letter to James. And he said as how he wasn't a bit surprised, as you smooth oily sort ought never to be trusted no farther than you're seen. And he's right;' and she bounced out of the room. When she was gone I took up the letter gingerly and examined it closely. And there was no doubt at all about it ; it was that same insulting epistle again, even to the very smear in the left-hand corner! And I began to feel queer ; I was so very certain I had burned it. There should be no mistake this time, however, and I rolled it tightly up and- thrust it into the very heart of the glowing coals and deliberately watched it shrivel away. ' If is done with now, at any rate,' I said to myself, as I sat down again to the breakfast-table ; but I found the dishes had lost their flavour ; my appetite was gone — lost in a feeling of uneasiness and perplexity. After breakfast I took a stroll in the garden, where the man, James, was busily sweeping up the dead leaves. He did not appear to see me ; he kept his back towards mo instead of turning round and touching his hat to me in his usual deferential and perfectly proper manner. ' Good morning, James,' I said, affably. He mumbled something in reply, but still kept his body doubled up over his brush ; and I began to see I should have to change my entire establishment in consequence of Mary's malicious tongue. Very likely the cook would manifest her disapproval by spoiling my dinner. Nothing would surprise me, and the sooner I got rid of them all the better. ' What are you doing to the garden ? ' I asked, sharply. ' Tidying up,' said the man, curtly. 'Then do your work properly! Look at that piece of paper against that trunk ! Let that be ' tidied up,' if you please.' The man took up tho untidy bit of paper. ' It's a letter o1 yourn,' he remarked, as he looked at it. My heart seemed to stop beating and I turned quite faint, and I held out my hand for the paper without being able to utter a word. My worst fears were quickly realised ; it was The Letter again! (I must spell it with capital letters now.) I took it from tho man's grimy hand and hurried into the house, for I felt I must be alone. I locked myself into the library and examined the letter carefully, and there was no mistake about it ; it was the same I had burned three times already. What was I to do now ? I felt very queer and faint, and just then the cook came to the door for her orders for tho day, and she was quite sympathetic, when she . saw how ill I looked, and hermanuer was a pleasant contrast toMary'sand the gardener's, and the dinner she suggested was so perfect that I decided not to give her notice on any provocation whatever. But she gave me no provocation, for when she waited at table that evening — Mary having gone — her manners were deferential in the extreme. But about The Letter. It was no use burning it again, so I put it carefully away in my pocket-book, where it seemed impossible for it to get into mischief, and I tried to forget all about it. After dinner that evening I went to see our vicar about the post of sidesman that was about to be offered to me, and I had a pleasant chat with him and his family, and it was quite late when I left theiu. I had led the conversation on to matters commonly termed the Supernatural, and was much relieved to find that my host did not believe in latter day miracles. Still, thinking the matter over on my home ward way, I could not quite account for tho persistent reap pearance of The Letter on purely natural grounds, and I slept with the bedclothes pretty well over my head. On the following afternoon a note waB brought to me from the vicar; it stated that through some misunderstand ing another gentleman had been led to suppose that he would be elected to the post of sidesman already offered to me, and the vicar hoped I should not feel slighted at being asked to withdraw my claims. I felt rather puzzled at this, but to my wind the postscript explained it all. It ran as follows ' The enclosed Letter ' — it had dropped out and I thought it was a circular — 'was found on the dining room floor this morning by my housemaid, and I presume you must have dropped it last night. Thinking it was mine, I was unfortunate enough to read it through before I 'noticed your address at tho bottom.' Reader, I shook as if I had the ague ! How had The Letter got out of my pocket-book ? For it teas The Letter the vicar enclosed. 1 felt deadly faint and cold, and a stiff glass of brandy-and- water failed to warn me — and a second — and a third — and a fourth — but then they found me and carried me to bed. I had a week's rest, or else I think my brain would have given way : then this terrible persecution began again. A matter of local interest was being warmly discussed in the newspapers ; and as I tun rather fond of writing a letter to the paper and seeing myself in print, I wrote one on this occasion, and sent the girl with it one evening to the Sydney Morning Herald office. I knew the editor well — be was always veiy courteous to me— and I simply sent my card with the letter, just writing upon it, 'Kindly publish the enclosed letter and oblige yours truly.' The girl returned in tbe course of i\n hour and said, ' Please, sir, the editor says he shall be delighted to publish the letter you've sent him, but lie thinks as how there's some mistake.' ' ? Again that terrible cold thrill idown my back ! With trembling hands 1 drew forth my pocket-book and looked into its inner recess, and The Letter was not there ! I had sent it to be published in the newspaper ! Another moment saw me rushing through the town in the direction of the Sydney Morning Herald office. The editor received me coolly. *' Your letter is just in type,' he said grimly. . y I stood mid screamed, but couldnot speak. *fls there any mistake?' asked the editor, elevating his eyebrows. 'If you publish that letter,' I gasped, ' I will have you up for manslaughter, suicide, anything and everything the law can punish !' The editor laughed. ' Take your letter, '.he said, toss ing it contemptuously towards me; 'although I tell you frankly I would rather have published it than any with which yo^i have previously favoured me.'' Then he began sorting his papers aB if he was busy, and I took The Letter and sneaked downstairs, and in the dark street I shed a few quiet tfiars. I wa6 a Haunted' Man. The supernatural' powers were upon my track and would hunt me down — Unless I paid three thousand pounds. Could I effect a composition with such creditors as these V Would they take two-aril -sixpence in the pound? Q/i, this was a Bankruptcy Court of which 1 had never dreamed ! And I knew so little of its laws that I dare not attempt to conceal my assets here. I gave a furtive,' terrified glance towards the starlit sky, and then I hurried homewards. Every sound frightened me, and a bit of white paper blowing along the street was almost more than my nerves could bear. 'When I got home I went straight into the kitchen to tell the 'cook to 'get' rue some 'hot waiter. 'She was'sittfiig at' the table writing a letter, and when she saw me she started Up iii a great hurry and pushed it- into her pocket and seemed highly flurried: ' Writing to your sweetheart, I suppose,' I sadly said. ' No, sir— oh no ?! _ At least, that is, yes,' stammered the cook,- and her agitation excited my curiosity, and while her back was turned I took up the blotting-paper she had' been using and carried it into the dining-room, to examine' at' my leisure. But it was evidently her dressmaker she had been writing touidiiother sweetheart^ for onlv words I could make out were ' Send me some more capes,' so I was not interested and simply put the paper into the fire, and resumed my own sad thoughts. It was dreadful to be haunted, and my nerves were thoroughly unstrung. But I did not yield all at once. I struggled on for three months longer, and The Letter turned up everywhere, and I began to see I should have to leave this town also. I de stroyed The Letter again and again, and once I went into the *Romish church and dipped it into the holy water when no one was about. But it was all in vain ; it pursued me everywhere, and at last I felt my brain could stand it no longer — I felt that I was going mad. And I paid the money. I paid the three thousand pounds. Oh, angels, saints, cherubim and seraphim, hobgoblins: witches, wizards, devils, witness' it ! I paid the three thousand pounds ! To haunt me no more! I wrote a very nice letter to Mrs. Yane in which I said I had always intended paying the money, and was even' making arrangements for doing so when I received her letter ; for it is no good doing a thing at all unless you can do it well. I received a cold acknowledgment from her, and the transaction was at an end. And I was at peace, for The Letter haunted me no more. I was not of course as happy as I had been before I had received The Letter and — paid the money ; still, compared with the time of torment I had passed through, I was at peace. Until a very horrible doubt arose. It happened in this way. I had to go to my native town on business ; I did not want to go, but the business was pressing and I went. And on my way from the railway station — before I had been in the town ten minute* — I met Mrs. Yane. She' looked well dressed and happy, and although of course she was accompanied by a perambulator, a nurse was pushing it. A curious, half-embarrassed look came into Mrs. Vane's face when she saw me, and she glanced quickly at the nurse; I also glanced at the nurse, and saw to my astonishment that it was my discharged housemaid, Mary. And it was at their conscious looks as I passed them that the horrible doubt came into my mind, Had they been in league together ? Were they the 'spirits blessed or goblins damned ' who lind robbed me so cruelly of my peace of mind and my three thousand pounds ? Oh, I think I never shall forget the agony of that moment, when something all around me seemed, to say ' Done ! And by one of the ' inferiors ' too!' I think 1 was delirious for a few minutes ; I remember hitting a boy, but that is all. Of course I soon grew calmer, but my peace of mind was gone, for when I thought it all over I saw that a fraud was not impossible. It is true Mary had left mc before all the ' manifestations ' took place, but the cook had showed a painful desire to please me and keep her place, and yet after I had paid the money she had left me on a very frivolous pretext indeed. And those words on her blotting paper! Could they — could they have been 'Send me some more copies,' not Send me some more capes!' Well, I felt as if I was going mad, and in my emergency I resolved to go and see my cousin Andrew, and hear what he thought about the matter, for he and I were friendly then, and I often went to him for advice. And he set me at ease to night. I told him my story in a low confidential tone, and he listened with his' head on one side like a canary. ' So was it a ghost, Andrew, do you think, or what ?' I asked when I concluded. 'Did you pay the money ?' asked he in return. 'Yes — I paid it.' ' Three thousand pounds ' Yes, three thousand pounds.' ' And they had no legal claim upon you ?' . 'None whatever.' Andrew's face cleared and he slapped me on my back — I have said before that he had many disagreeable ways. ' Cheer up, old fellow,' he said heartily, ' for it was no human agency made «you do that ! I begin to see some good in ghosts now. You've seen a ghost, Robin — make your mind easy on that score! It was a ghost, and a good ghost at that ! A ghost I should be proud to shake hands with, Robin ! A ghost indeed !' And so it comes to pass that I am now a ' sadder and a wiser man ' and a firm believer in ghosts. 