Odd Notes. By a ' Bohemian.' {From The Week.) Tub appointment of Mr. Meiu to the position of a Jndee of the Supreme Court loft tho Ministry without a Minister for Public In struction. This is a muoh co voted position. The place was only lrnido last year, and there is scarcely a hungerer and thirster for office on the Ministerial side of tho House — and thero is a good hunch of thom there — who ia not fully persuaded that ho was made to shine as Minis ter for Public Inntruotiou, and distinguish him self above all his followH in that capacity. One or two of them hnvo misgivings as to -whether they couia gain great glory and renown as Minister for Lands, Min ister for Works, or even Colonial Trea surer, but not one of them but would resent with indignation and scorn the gentlest hint that they were scarcely ' good enough' for the position of Minister for Education. It is quite a common thing among these ardent office seekers to hear the Queen's English murdered in tho most reckless and cold-blooded manner while claiming and insisting upon their right to the prize. Griffith and, probably, his colleagues, take quite a different view of the qualifications of this noble bunch of patriots to administer ma xaiuchuuu .uepai.uuuut- iu u manner that would redound to the credit of the colony, or the Ministry, and moro especially of those among them who treat English grammar with lofty scom, and know nothing of public instruction, except what they have been told. Feelingin this way heand hiscolleagruesin the Cabinet decided to appoint the Hon. B. B. Moreton Minister for Public Instruction, and leave the Postmaster-General's portfolio to be scrambled for. Anybody can. perform the duties of Postmaster- General, as it consists exclusively in drawing tho thousand pounds a year salary, and attending Cabinet and Exe cutive Council meetings, at which they need sot utter a sentiment unless they feel inclined to. John M'Donnell and his subordinates do all the work at the post office, and have dune so ever since Charles Hardie Buzacott left it, to the great relief of all the post office ? officials of the higher grades. Well, if there was not a scramble among the 'pay- try-hots' for this billet it's a pity. How it was managed at last I have not the slightest idea, as Ministers are as close as oysters, or Freemasons, about what goes on in Cabinet and Executive Council meetings ; bat, any way, the place was offered to Mucdonald Paterson, and he accepted it, of course ; and now Mr. Griffith muBtlook out for squalls The fierce denunciations of tho disappointed ones are terrible, and reasonable enough, when you come to think it over calmly. A thousand pounds a year and nothing in the world to do dEor it is a prize not to be had every day by email retail shopkeepers and people of that class. And Macdonald-Paterson's acceptance of effioe, with a seat in the Upper House as re presentative of the Oovernment there, has also caused a vacancy in the representation of Moreton which has to be filled up. The burn ing question among elcctioneerers in that part of the colony during the last tew days is: 'Who shall it he ? If any candidate would come forward and pledge himself to have the line from Brisbane to Gympie taken in thirteen or fourteen different directions if required, which would probably be the case, he would 'go in flying,' as my slangy friend terms it. But unfortu nately nobody soems game to come forward on that ticket, nr.d Miles is not to l-e depended on, and might become insulting1 and abusive if such a thing was suggested to him as a desir able way of securing the electorate to the Ministry — at all events until the railway was made. This boing the case, it is pretty certain that my4 old particular friend, Hiram Wake field, alderman of Sandgate, and a well known and universally respected citizen of Brisbane since the time of separation from Hew South 'Wales or thereabouts, will be selected to succeed Macdonald-Paterson in Moreton. There are two strong points in Alderman Wakefield's favour. He is not a lawyer who wants a seat in the As sembly chiefly for tho purpose of being on hand if any Supreme Court Judge, IMstriot Court Judge, Crown Prosecutor, or other holdir of a -well paid legal appointment should pop off the hooks more or less suddenly, or from some other cause resign or get tricked out of his billet. Life is uncertain, and in a case of this kind a lawyer who is a member of the As sembly and a supporter of the Government in power at the time, stands at least fifteen chanres to anybody else's five of gettingjthe billet, if he tfrinTfH it good enough. Nor is 'Wakefield ever likely to join the noble hand of office-seekers who make life a burden to a Liberal Ministry. If any friend Hiram is elected, he may be pretty safely calculated upon as a good, sound, easy going, intelligent member of the rank and file of the party, -who Swill not -lake a leading part in the debates nor attempt to shine as an orator. ^Che above two reasons, among others -which could be urged, make me think 'Wakefield -will be returned for Moreton, al -though he will not pledge himself to the thir teen proposed routes of the Brisbane and Gympie Bailway, nor to any half dozen of them which could be named. He Bees what poor Buckland has to suffer because he will not pledge himself to a triple railway route from Brisbane to Cleveland, namely — one round by the river and the shores of the bay, including up and down all the points and headlands where most of the land is absolutely worthless except to be out up and sold in fourteen or six* teen perch allotments for marine villa sites to the labourers and artisans of Brisbane. Another line is demanded a mile or two back from the river so as to intersect some other ?-'-' estates' that would be dear at a gift, except they can be out up in like manner ; and a third route by Coorparoo, Belmont, Broadwater, Mount Cotton, and Bedland Bay, which would enable one to reach Cleveland in about half the time, and athalf the expense, as by going round the river bank and the shores of the bay in the manner proposed. Because Buckland cannot see his way clear to get this three -pronged railway to Cleveland constructed, he is threatened with the loss of his seat. If 'he could get it constructed he would be certain to-be unseated, because each set of landed pro. priotora along the different routes would be indignant at not securing the sole monopoly of railway communication through their hind. Wakefield cannot keep too clear of railway. zoutes. The annnal licensing meeting for the metro politan district took place at the beginning of j- the week, and the bhainnan ' read a report -which will, no doubt, make the board tho roughly hatod by two-thirds of the publicans and speculators in public houses in Bris bane and the suburbs. .If this board had ?to be elected every year by tho ^ratepayers, as somebody has suggested not one of them would stand a ghost of a show. They have no more, or very little more, sympathy and consideration for the enterpris ing publican than hare the Blue Eibboiiitea or other sections of water-drinkers. Perhaps the cruellest thing, the unkindest cut of all, in the jreport above referred to, is that with regard io the upstairs bars, whioh have been opened in con nection with some of the Queen street hotels, with access thereto two or three doors away. Thero uie n Brisbane scores, I may say hundreds, of men who like- to toko their modicino very rogularly through the day, and finish up with a big skinful at night, who still have a delioaoy about walking into a pub lio-houso bur fronting Queen street. If those men could slip up somo privato looking stairway two or three doors away from aiy hotel, find a nice snug bar nt tho top of the stair, with a pretty and not too shy- bnrranid who is able to hold her own at smart repartee against ullcojneM, and who never makes a mis take exoept in allowing a gentleman to pay twieo for his liquor, they would willingly ftnd cheerfully givo sixpeuco for tho same quantity of liquor they could obtain for threepence' nt the public bur of tho hotel. Enterprising hotelkeepers in Queen street, knowing this, made arrangements for having the thing done, and it answers splendidly. Kot counting the evening, when tho young gentle men from banks, merchants' offices, and the like, turn out for a 'spree' at theso upstairs privato bars, I suppose the receipts in tho day time are more than double those at the public bars -so popular and well patronised are they. Well, would you beliovo — tho Licensing Board hns made a dead set at these nice snug private bars. What next f , The Municipal Council of Brisbane have a neat and winning way of getting valuable blocks of Government land for littlo or nothing per acre. If it can only be kept up for a few years they ought to be able to secure a splendid income therefrom, or, at all events enablo some retiring alderman or his friends to drop into a 'good thing.' Some river frontages have been obtaincd'by establishing certain old claims, and proving they are still good. Thore may be a lot more river frontages obtained in much the stune manner. In tho centre of the city, or at all events buck from the river, the dodge has been to get a site for a Brisbane market. Three of tho most valuable blocks of land in the city have already been obtained in this way, two of them for nothing at all, and the third without competition at the council's own price, which was about the same number of pence as the land would now fetch pounds. I allude, of course, to the old site opposite Campbell'/* wharf, which used to bo called tho market steps, to the reserve adjoining the Grammar School, and the magnificent block of land at the intersection of Albert and Adelaide streets. There is no Brisbane market yet, and no in tention of making one, so far as I canjgather ; but that is no reason why the corporation snouiu noL go on getting sites irom me vrov ernment for a market both in North and South Brisbane. Some magnificent blocks of land could be tuken from Wickham terrace and Countess street reserves, the old gaol site, Albert Park and Victoria Park on the north side, and the reserves and bridge lands on tho south side. They could be asked for as sites for a market, and could be devoted to other purposes all the same as the sites above referred to have been. But it is a mistake for the corporation'to go fooling away a heap of money in building expensive market sheds unless they mean to use them as such. Better cut the land up and sell it in building allotments. The building on the reserve ad joining the old Grammar School liuiuostu heap of money, to say nothing about tho coat of bringing the railway into it, and now they talk of letting it for a sawmill or something of the kind. This is a foolish waste of money. Gut the land and let it sweat until it can bo disposed of at a fancy price in small allotments. That is the idea ! 