NON-EPISCOPAL ORDERS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD, . . Sir-Your columns of late have had rather frequently controversial letters from clerical and other members at the Church of England about the validity of non-episcopal orders. It seems strange that this discussion, in which no one hitherto has taken part except themselves, should not have been published in their own denominational papers, instead of insulting other communions by waiting to dis- paragingly of them in the publics press. Allow me, as a presbyter of as old, perhaps even of an older, church than the Anglican, and happily reformed to a greater extent, to state that we conscientiously take the Holy Scriptures as our authority in the matter of ordination. All competent \- scholars-and the present Bishop of Durham is one admit that in the New Testament bishop and presbyter denote the same office. Ordination, as in the much-discussed case of Timothy, was by " the laying on of the hands of the presbytery." The early Church evidently observed this rule. The British Church before the mission of Augustine to the Saxons practised it. It cannot be controverted that for- centuries Culdee Presbyters ordained the Scottish clergy. They even ordained the missionary bishops sent to evangelise the North of England, where the succession of orders had long to be traced to a presbyter. Bilson, in his treatise on " The Perpetual Government of the Church," claims as the ' distinguishing features of Episcopacy a singularity in its succession and a superiority in ordaining. With regard to the succession, the great logician, Archbishop Whately, said: " There is not a minister in Christendom who is able to trace up, with any approach to certainty, his own spiritual pedigree. If a bishop has not been duly consecrated his ordinations are null, and bp are the ministra- tions of those ordained by him, and so on without end. The taint of informality, -if once , it creep in, will spread the infection of nullity to an in- definite extent." If so acute a logician could not trace his Apostolic succession, it is not strange that others fail. It is notorious that some bishops were cod operated very irregu- larly-some in childhood, and others in disreputable life It can be proved that one Archbishop of Canterbury was instituted simply by the King without any ecclesiastical consecration, and that other prelates were never consecrated by bishops. Archbishop Tillotsonwastuo son of a Baptist, and there is no evidence that he was ever baptized. The line of succession is, therefore, very frail and confused, and Janciful. With regard to superiority of ordination, it was fc presbytery that St. Paul said, "Take heed. to all the flock in the which the Holy Ghost hath made you bishops." (Revised version.) To one ordained " by the laying on of the hands of the presbytery, . be said, " Lay hands suddenly on no man." Another he reminded that he was to ordain or appoint presbyters in every city. Bishop or presbyter is the highest permanent office. "The Episcopate," says Bishop Lightfoot, was formed, not out of the Apostolical order by localization, but out of the presbyterian by elevation," The recently discovered MS. called " The Teaching of the Twelve _ Apostles," admitted to he not more than fifty years after the death of the last apostle, recognised no higher order. Canon Cureton and other scholars have demonstrated that the high-sounding prelate sentences in the letters of Ignatius, as also most of the epistles that bear his name, are interpolations, and not genuine. We prefer, then, the . most Scriptural and ancient order of presbyters order notion, which is also preferred by most reformed churches, and by the largest part of Protestants throughout the world. We are not singular in our mode of ordination. We do not deny the validity of the ordination prescribed by the English Prayer Book by a bishop with presbytery, j but we are quite satisfied that "the laying on or the hands of the presbytery is an authorised and regular mode." Like the ancient Church, we still have bishops, who are no more than presbytery. I endow) my card, and am, &c; PRESBYTER-EPISCOFOS. November 26. 