WHAT WILL WE DO NOW? The sea lashes Hie coast with its abort and very quickly across the great blue eky( vwept on by the wind, like birds ; and the village^ \t- t-hp wrj'fr1«* of t*ip littiff ^wilffy sloping 'to- ward the ocean, nynim itself in the #n*». At the very entrance of it stood the bone ' of Martin Leveaqne, all alone, by the edjje of the road. An humble fisherman1! dwelling ' it was, with walls of clay, and a thatched' roof plumed with iris flowers. It had* garden not nigger rim.™ a poffkrt hauilker- ** chifff, in which some f-ri'nnfi, cafahafi&i.; pur* : sley and chervil were growing. A hedge : divided it from the road. The man was away fishing ; and Us irife, seated by the door, was busy repairing tbV meshes of a great brown net, spread «gp'^«* - the wall like an irnTn^np** cobweb. A Cirl of 14, seated in a choir propped back so tint . she could lean her back against the fenca; was ! occupied in wipniljng underwear, poor-man's underwear, already overdarned and patched. Another girl, younger by a year, held in her arms a very young child, not yet able to x speak or gesticulate ; and two urchins, whose ages might be two or four years, sitting fiat upon the ground, face to face, were playing' at gardening with Hi«-|i- clumsy limp tiCTn^a and throning dirt into each^other'B eyes. Nobody spoke. Only the child which the young girl was trying to put to sleep cried continuously in a little thin sharp voice. A cat slept in the window ; and at the foot of the wall extended a veritable cushion of white gflly flowers, about which buzzed a whole tribe of bees. All of a sudden the girl sewing near tiit gate cried ont : The mother answered : — — 'Whatisit?' — ' Here he is again !' kept prowling about the house, — an old man who looked like a beggar. They first saw hini uhile they were going to the boat to see father off. He was then sitting bv the ditch, directly in front of the door. When they came back from the beach he w as still there, looking at the bouse. tie seemed sick and very miserable. He had not budged for more tl'fvn an hour — then, finding that he was being watched like &- malefactor, he had risen to his feet and conc away, dragging his legs heavily as he walked1. But after a while the girls saw him col' frig bock, waiting with the same slow and weary step ; and be sat down again — this time a litue further off— and kept watching them. The mother and her girls began to feel afraid. The mother was particularly worried because she was naturally tarmt^ n^| ^4ip^l her husband, Levesqne, would not return until nightfall. Her husband's real name was LevesQue ; and hers, Martin ; and the neighbors called them the Martin -Levesque folks. This was been use she hod first married a sailor named Martin, wbo used to go to Newfoundland every year to engage in the codfisheriea. After two years of married life she had a daughter growing up, and was shortly to become a mother again when the vessel that her husband had shipped on ? the Dtux-S-ntr*t a Dieppe three-master— dis- appeared. No news was ever heard of her ; none of her crew ever returned ; so it was generally believed she had gone down with sll hands. La Martin, as folks called her, wafted for her husband tpn long years, raising her clnld* rei with the .greatest difficulty; and then, as ?hfe «M known to be » good, indnstrions wdm«ji,Xeve»lue, a fisherman of the place, and a widower with one son, asked her to many him. She accepted hit proposal ; and had'tob more children by him within three yeahi* They Bred with difficulty by the hardest wort. 'Bread and dear ; and meat was al most an nnjoioira luxury in their cottage. Sometimes, anting the winter, in the stormy weather, they would get heavily in debt to the baker. Still the children were wonder roily healthy. Polks used to say : 'Them's good people ^them Levesques. la Martin— she's a great worker ; and there's nobody can 'beat Lerenque fishing.' ™ looks as if he knew us. P'raps it's some befegar from Epreville or Ansebosc' jKt * the mother coold not be mistaken. No, no ! it was nobody from that part of the 'fia he remained motionless as a stake and keps his eyeB persistently fixed on the habi tJaon of file Martin-Levesqne people. La Martin became furious at last, and her fear giving her courage, she seized a spade and vent out in front of the gate. V What do yon want there?' she screamed to the tramp. He replied, in a wheezy voice : 'Tin Just taking a rest in the shade. Wijy, I ain't doing yon any harm— am I ?' V'What are yon spying around like that before my house forf^ The man answered : **Xtm doing no harm to nobody. Ain't a person allowed to sit on the edge of a public raadr 'As* she could not find any answer to this 'observxftion, she went into the house Jni day passed by very slowly. About noon the 'man disappeared. But he passed by again r about five o'clock in the afternoon. They did not see him again during the even £evegque came in about nightfall. They told him about it. He said : *' Mont be some wiflftk or villain.** And he went to bed without feeling the |*yt anxiety, while ^*n wife kept *J»'V'T^g abbirt the prowler who liad stared at her with roch queer -looking eyes. When day came around, there was a big wind; and seetbgThstfcecouldTiot take his boat oat, £be sailor began to help bis wife to mend toe 'nets. jUwaf 9 o'clock the eldest girl— a Martin— who had., been sent for bread, came back rqn^Dg/wfih a frightened face, and cried ouiii „ ? i w ' The mother almost fainted; and, pale as a ghost, she said to her hnsband : 'jGb out and talk to him. Levesque; and stop this ?nrakfng around,— it just worries ay ovt bfjny senses.** ]Xiod Xeveaqoe, a burly seaman, whose face Wu'ttiinetl to the color of brick, — with a loach red beard, bine eyes with a piercing l^iJA1 pnpfl, and a strong nfick always en cafcleHircih a woollen scarf to protect him frosft^coU. winds and dully rains at sea. — arose ray quietly and walked directly to the prowler. ! jAiia &e; two men tegan to talk. ^tkle' mother and the children watched them frotn~a fTTft*'T*cfi| «^m-i-1^rjntr wi& anxiety. 'Ml of a sodden the stranger rose up and followed LeVesque toward the house. li Martin shrank back terrified. Her hnsband said to her: '* Give him a bite of bread and a glass of c&r.; ' He 'hasn't had anything to eat for two day*-' 'And they both entered the cottage, fol lowed by the mother and her children. The prowler eat down and began to eat, keeping hb bead down as if to avoid being looked at. The woman, standing near him, watched bun keenly ; and the two tall daughters, the Martin gids, leaning against the door posts — -one of them carrying the youngest child — stared at him with curious eyes ; and the two little urchins, squatting among the ashes of the fire-place, stopped playing with the pot in order to contemplate the stranger. Levesque took a chair and, sitting down, ** So you c*tti^ from a good ways off * ' I've come from Cette.' ' On foot— just like you are !' 'Yes, on foot. When one hasn't the means one has to walk. ' Then where are you going to ?' ?* Going here.' ' Know any folks here !' ' Gness so*' They stopped talking. He ate slowly, hungry as he was ; and be drank a little cider after piv^1 mouthful of bread. He had a worn face — wrinkled, fall of hollows— and seemed to have suffered a great deaL levesque roughly «'»k«nj him : ** What's your p »?**»* V He replied without lifting his eyes. '*' Uy name's Martin.' A strange shiver passed through the mot her. She took one long step forward, as if to get a closer view of the tramp, and remained standing in front of hi^n her arms hanging lifelessly Ly her sides, her mouth opened as rf to cry out. Nobody said a word. At last levesque resumed. '* Are yon from this place *' He answered : ** I ft ip from this place.' And as he lifted bis bead at last, the eyes of the woman and bis own met im-l rtniained fiypH| mixed together in a gaze so motionless that it seemed to be interlocked. And then in a voice wholly changed, low and trembling, she asked : ' Is tlint yon, my rnnn *' He articulated slowly : 'Yes— it's me.' He did not move, and continued to munch his bread. Leresque, more surprised than moved, ^tf»njn-trert out: ' Yon are.. ..Martin F* The other replied simply : M Yes ; ifs me.' AnH the second hnsband then asked : ** Where on ^wrth did you come from y The first replied : — ' From the African coast We found ered on a shooL Three of ns were saved — Ficard and Vatinel and me. And then we were taken by the savages, who kept as 12 years. Picard's dead and Vatinel's dead. It was an ftngiiari traveller passing through who saved me and took me with hi™ to Cette. And here I am.' La Martin was crying, with her apron lifted to her face. Levesque muttered : ' What will we do now V Martin asked : Levesque answered : ' Yes, ifs me.' They looked at each other and remained silent. Then Martin, looking at the children standing in a ring around him, 'nodded his head toward the two tall girls and asked;— Levesque replied : — — *? Them's yourn.*1 He did not get up ; did not kiss them ; only observed: — . —'Good God! how big they've growed.' Levesqne reiterated : — — ' What's I got to do now?' Martin, equally - pooled, could not fe*n. Finally he saidi— - ? — 'Me, HI fix matters the way you like. I dont want to do yon no wrong. Still, it's a bod fix anyhow, when one thinks about the house. Fve two children ; you've three ; — s»ftf*h one ***p have ptr own. The mother — is she yourn, or is Bhe mine? Fll agree to anything you want ; but tj*«* honse— that's mine because my father left it to me, and because I was born in it, and because she's got papers, at the notary's to prove it.' La, Martin was still crying— with little sobs she hid behind the blue cotton of her apron. The two tall girls had drawn nearer, and were staring anxiously at their father. TTt- had fin jali pjI eating, and «*T-f»1n.iTnfd in his torn: ' What's I got to do now ?' A sadden idea came to Levesque : ' Got to go and see the priest— hell telLM Martin arose ; and as he approached his wife she fln^ig herself sobbing upon hi' breast. — ** My 'if*', my man !' its you ! Martin, my poor Martin, its you !' And she hugged him tightly, thrilled all suddenly by toe memory of other days — by a great shock of souvenirs that recalled to her the days of her own 20 summers *.wd her first love. Martin, himself affected, kissed her white cap. The two children in the fire-place began to howl ai m ri 1 fcanflon sly upon hearing their mother cry, and the baby in the arms of the second M*1^?*! girl clamored in a voice sharp as a squeaky fife. Levesque stood there, wailing — — ' Come,' he said, ' we've got to settle thia matter.' Martin separated from his wife, and as he stood looking at his two daughters the mother said to them : — — ' Cant yon kiss your father !' They approached him simultaneously, with dry eyes,— much astonished and a little afraid. And he Iriwffd them one after thf other, on both cheeks, with a loud peasant's kiss. On seeing the stranger draw near, the baby screamed so violently that it nearly took fits. Then the two men went out together. As they were about to pass the Cafe du Commerce, Levesqne asked : ' S'pose we take a drink*' M Me. Pm willing,' declared Martin , They entered, sat down in the stall vacant bar-room, and Levesque cried : ' Eh ! Chicot ! — bring two brandies, the good stuff, you know. This here is Martin, who's come back — Martin, you know, my wife's man ! — yon know. Martin of the Deux Strw* who was lost.'* And the barkeeper, with three glasses in one hand, and a decanter in the other, ap proached — stout, sanguine, puffed up with fat, and observed, very quietly : ' WeU, so you're back again, Martin ?' Martin answered : 'Pm back again.' — From the French of Guy de Jfatij/tuxtuU. 