.CRYSTAL BROOK BRASS BAND AND MUSICAL ASSOCIATION. (to the editor of the areas express.) Sir, — A moiv pitiable or phild-iike letti-r than that of Abell's, which, appeared in j-onr issue of the 17th inst., has, I .venture to opine, never before anneared in uriut. Fi bC Sir. I wish to know what "Taradiddles" are. I have looked in three Modern Diet binaries and two Encyclopaedias but no taradiddles could I find, and undoubtedly, it. is one .of "Abell's" words or of his "appreciated leader, who prides himself on his yttei n a English. " Abell " says, " no clnet was 011 the programme." Quite correct, but he does not say tha boy who was on the programme for the cornet solo did not put in an appear- mice, and that Mr Bryson was accompanied by the piano, ifs for the Junior Ciurionett-Ts Chromatic being performed as the comp> ser wrote it, I say with all due deference to " A bell " and his "appreciated leader" for the credit of Crystal Brook, Modern Music, and civilization, change your con poser, aud that quick 1 j'. "Abell" goes on, "Again if so very truthful why did he (your correspon dent) leave out those numbers that were so unmistakeably well done." Csesar's Ghost! I gasp for breath, and ask Which of them ? Besides this, several numbers were favorably mentioned which in my humble opinion were overrated. True it is, Sir, that your readers only got "half the truth" and I only regret that you were unable to represent your paper in person, for your readers would than have got the whole truth, which woubt mean ad verse criticism all round. " Abell " wishes to know of me where "Curves" are sold, for says he " there are no curves written in our music." Let lis hope not, and that there wont be for some time to come. Learn' to walk first, then venture a run ; when these are grasped, try a " Curve." For " Abell's" information $nd that of his " appreciated leader" I refer him to Smalhoood's Tutor, where he wili find the following "Grace notes &c.; These are used in the ornamenta tion of music and consists principilly of the ' appoggiatnra ' the ' curve ' or ' turn ' and the 'shake.' The curve is geneially known As the turn, but both terms are found in Modern Tutors. If " Abell " really knows a " turn " when he sees it, surely it cannot he difficult for him to understand why the term f Curve" is used, seeing that tho turn as written ba3 two Curves in it, and is played 33 such. Again, he asks, " In what character would 'Sold' appear when singing a military patriotic song, but that of a soldierly man, looking and acting his part?" I have heard "Under the British Flag" sung at least a score of times on the stage, by professional men, and they all sang it minus military cos tume and sword. It is not a character song. Then says " Abell " " Would he appear with a yard stick in his band aud spurs on his heels ? Or would ho feel more at home with a sugar scoop ?" and six other such queries, and after these sublime and pathetic enquiries he says " Being as fully aware of the short comings as ' Sold ' can be, I merely wished to convey the idea that it wa3 unfair and unkind to criticise such faults in amateur performers iinlp.es t.hev occur red more freouentlv than on the occasion referred to." This wa3 impossible, Sir, for there was no room for anything else. I cannot entertain "Abell's" challenge, as it would be unfair for my twelve boys to appear with clean faces and white bauds if " Abell's" twelve men were not to. As it is impossible for him to fulfil the agreement in its entirety I decline the honor. Coming to "Abell's" next outburst is — "Our music being works of modern composers which bristles with diminished seconds and compound fourths — (how is that for high ?") I answer Low, Abell, very low. The modern composers mentioned we have heard through the band and have felt the sharp bristles (sharper than that of the hedgehog) with diminished seconds and compound fourths and let me add sixths, eighths and compound that again. Let us hope and tiust aye and pray, if necessary, that they will go on diminishing, so that ere long the place that knew them shall know them no more. At one time the boys iq the Brook were able to get opossums in the creek, close to the house where the band rehearse, but now the boys cannot procure any sueh sport for miles around. Would it not be a good thing for the Government to kipe this band, and cause it to visit such districts as are infested with rabbits ? — I ani &c.; . SOLD. We cannot afford the space for any m«ro such lengthy epistles. — Ed. Sir, — I thought when reading the letter signed Abell, he would attempt a refutation of your reporter's and " Sold's " statements. But to my astonishment he has not produced one argument that will alleviats the Baud one iota. I aui sorry the Association thought fit to. employ " Abell " to reply to "Sold." I hope Mr Abell in his next will be brief and not write half a column of unreasonable effusion that would take a powerful micros cope to discern one speck of logic in the whole letter. If Abell read "Sold's " epistle T don't think he will find anv obiection to the performer appearing in military dress in the Patriotic Song. Imagine a conductor attempting to stage such a chorus as "The Stars above us Are Shining," which takes fifty voices to sing it a3 it should be sung.. Mr Abell has not justified fault of mannerism. Mr Abell with his musical embellishments wants us to believe that he and his brother musicians' liqguistical capabilities are above modiocrity. But any person taking a physio logical glance would unhesitatingly say vice versa. I have not a jot of auimosity against' any of the Band. — I #ra etc., SWINDLER. Sir, — The esteemed Secretary of the C.B. B.B. lays great emphasis upon the fact of the Band being composed of amateurs, and would shield its" performances from honest criticism on tha,t score. Now when a band has been in existence for four or fiVe years, and has even challenged any band to play against it in the North, one can scarcely call it an amateur band,. Morever is it not a fact that the hand Is. open to engagement," has really been hired, and received money for its services, or an equivalent? My notices of amusement have been characterised as too lenient, and now when I venture to depart from the usual fulsome praise I am du,bbed vindictive.. Amateurs assert that the public should show some forbearance to them; but what is sauce, for the goose is sauce for the gander. Should amateuis not also exercise the same virtue ? I said Mr Wilson did certainly NOT march with the men of Harlech. If the worthy secretary is so dull as not to appreciate the joke, that is not my fault. I am not ignorant of music, nor am I a profound musician. Had I been the latter I am afraid I would not have been there to tell the tale. I have seen curves in Igusic though, it was the band that failed to ! see thec>. I « ill not dilate further, however, 1 than ;o »ay that 1 am a Rv.er of mu-ic, and a I sincere wejl- wisher of ihc band, and that my object in writing my criticism, so-called, is ! that it may yet be a i-rcchi 10 Ciystal i'm«. k,' i to the members, aiui t,o tpmir persevering leader. — 1 am &e..; i YOUR CORRESPONDENT. 