IN THE DARK. It is the strangest, most unaccountable thing I ever knew ! I don't think I'm superstitions, bat I can't help fancying that—' J 6 Ethel left the sentence unfinished, wrink ling her brows in a thoughtful frown as she gazed into the depths of her empty teacup. 1 What has happened V I inquired, glancing up from the money article of The Times at my daughter's pretty, puzzled face. 4 Nothing uncanny, I hope 1 Ton haven't discovered that a 44 ghost" is included among the fixtures of our new house V This new house, The Cedars, was a pretty, old-fashioned riverside villa between Rich- mon « and Kew, which I had taken famished, as a summer residence, and to which we had only just removed. Lee me state in parenthesis, by way of introducing myself to the reader, that I, John Dysart, am a widower with one child — the blue eyed, fair-haired young lady who eat opposite to ma at the breakfast- table that bright June morning — and that I have been I for many years the manager of an old- 1 established life insurance company in the city. 4 What is the mystery ?' I repeated, as Ethel did not reply. She came out of her brown study and looked at me impressively. 4 It really is a mystery, papa, and the more I think of it the more puzzled I am.' 4 1 am in the dark at present as to what 44 it" may be,' I reminded her. ' Something that happened last night. You know that adjoining my bedroom tnere is a large, dark olosst, which oan be used as a box or storeroom V 4 1 had forgotten the faet, but I will take your word for it. Well, Ethel ?' I 4 Well, last night I was restless, and it I was some hours before I could sleep. When at last I did so I had a strange dream about that closet. It seemed that as I lay in bed I heard a noise within, as if some one were knocking at the door, and a child's voice, broken by sobs, crying pitsousiy, 4 Let me out, let me ont !' I thought that I got out of bed and opened the door, and there, crouch- I ing all in heap against the wall, was a little I boy— a pretty, pale'1 little fellow of six or j seven. looti ng"half- wild with fright. At the I safeemomentT woke.' ( I And lo; h !' I finished 4 If thsft' jikalli Ethel — 4 ; 4 'But- it- ifc ribti she" inTerostKT. 4 The i <$frgytp&rt;' ;her stbW'naktfo-1 ebm¥. TW dtr#n-. t\ibtlwhed' I-wbW' I-e&t;' npJ"m;,b'afbrltwktbV&%S?tbec ib&tf-; dtioVJ I sftiffiftV fo3 hW sbhbWi&Sitf; i mWtibWm.noti bWit is1' # I'M tlteV b dM hW iHtfm3: the' rafffli# ; A t- hmav# lib i\m& && f ym&b; m&xt; &jrr4tf-;' A" dmi1 tWf" S<SW4- m&Mw; iw mw- W-if $ $ vd? # YHEik. ?P mm- <>- 9 tw && iSWS I ! 4i oosr;' | #3;' WWeWfUw. <i -WW1: ie pUioly &eez; teeped #oao<f :m my irfe, Why dhfayofi e& me? I mm e&stid; to at r tali bSaeasmad km i cewed ; hot if cserihcar iwiiitef j woo kmmm tome \ Be tare yon 6c, Mefwiime mppwc yon j easae bete toe isardec,' I eeatifaeed, tin#nn 09m 'Me Wrmek wh vkmm ; the cw «fiS Moar &-i tbeee eebwebe frvs yea bem&J; Ike pre est I km& me acme of 4k Mswoe 4f away &«s4 we feea® to tedfiitsallMvls A asm 4&£dSw I mmmet r&Uee;, tins Tke emM i&ms;&j; tm wvtfi lUted, i&fc;? fi ww, few wm kf ike <A ij&mqp; v&Me; % fegttedf r»a«dels wtc&wm; j wttk enefeft, 4s wirti lawn, WvUA I bf 4b mm <M mi tmm sfckk gave tke flmt n mm- QMfatmiemms&mmeteA; it attractions mi bosk mm tteat we fSaaM m «t«swtc for woof of sMkty W« kept open bosee ; kii-iCHM, garde® part, sd boattog SBMraoas wn dw order of the day. It <ra gsnsse mimmn wmtibm. ttse im warm mi ti&ee.; the w&te; rtodit «4 r t'%. Owe sbt, bavkog smportant letters to I eat op wr&»% after all tiie boso- ktt were In bed. Xfce window war opes, aadat scterrale Ioaeed up froth my paper fttrpn tbesoesUtUvs, wtsero the sbadowr of the codacx lay dark and monksca. ...-Now end e great downy moth would fiptter to bower ronad the shaded lamp ; sow Skew tfse swallow tsndar ttse etfes Bttmd a faint, sleepy chirp. For allomr «gos and sscdh a life I might haws been the ooly waSeh ar in all tbe draping world, i I bad jSndsed my tadc and was just ; eloaing my wriwog-ease wfacu I hwrd a hurried tfiofement in the reom above— Bfhel'S. Footstep descended the stairs, aM th0 tteit mohieht the dlhlhgiroQm door opeiied, add Btnel appeaffid, in a foncf, white dreBsing-gdtfzi; with' d Stnsfll nigbt-l&iSp; ifl her hand. There was a look on htf id£& wifich | made me start up and exola'm : 4 What it the matter ? What has happened ?' She set down the lamp and came towards j tee. | 4 1 have heard it again,' she breathed, ! laying her hand on my wrist. | 4 You have heard — what V The noise in the box-room,' 1 stared at her a moment in bewilderment, atid then half-emiied, 4 Oh, is that it t t exclaimed in a tone of relief. Ton bate been dreaming again, it seems.' 4 1 have not been asleep St all,' she replied.- 4 The sounds have kept me awake. They are louder than the first time ; the child seems to be sobbing and crying as if his heart would break. It is niiseraMe to hear it.' I ' Have you looked inside ?' I asked, im- ; pressed in spite of myself by her manner. 1 No, I dared not to-night. I was afraid of seeing — something,' she returned with a shiver. 4 Come, we mUBt get to the bottom of this mystery,' £ Baid cheerfully, and, taking up the lamp, I led the way upstairB to her room. As the door of the mysterious cloBet was level with the wall, and papered like it, I did not perceive it till Ethel pointed it out. I listened with my ear olose to it, ba; heard I not the faintest sound, and after waiting a I moment threw it open and looked in, holding I the lamp so that every corner was lighted. I It was a cramped, close, airless place, the I ee ling (which was immediately below the j upper staircase) sloping at au acute angle to I the floor. A glance showed me that it con- I tained nothing but a broken chair and a I couple of empty boxes, j Slightly shrugging' my shoulders, I closed 1 the door. I Your gbost is vox et proeterea nihil , it 1 seems,' I remarked, drily. Don't you think, | Ethel, you may have been — ' I Ethel held np her hand, motioning me to 1 silence. Hark 1' she whispered, there it is again i But it is dying away now. Listen — ' I com plied, half-infeeted by her excitement ; but within and without the house all was profoundly still. There— it has ceased,' she said at length, | dra ving a deep breath. You heard it, did you not ? I shook my head. 4 My dear Ethel, there was nothing to he r.' She opened her blue eyeB to their wideEt. 4 Papa — am I not to believe the evidence of my own senses ?' I Not when they are affected by nervous I excitement. If you give way to this fancy, I you will certainly make yourself ill. See I how you tremble 1 Come, lie down again and try to b eep ' 1 Not here,' she returned, glancing round with a shudder. ( I shall go to the spare chamber. Nothing would induce me to spend I another night in this room.' I said no more, but I felt perplexed and uneasy. It was so unlike Ethel to indulge in superstitious fancies that I began to fear she must be seriously out of health, and I resolved for my own satisfaction to have a doctor's opinion regarding her. It hsppened that our nearest neighbour was a physician whom I knew by repute, though not personally acquainted with him. After breakfast, without mentioning my :n- tentiori to my dough&r; I sent a note to Dr. Csmeroo, reqaestibg him td Ofldl at bir earliest convenience; He come without dsy ; a- tfedl gthjf-' bearded3 mad of middle" age, vlrith a1 gtavsV in felli peri# faiee"; dbrefTsrtff eyeir,. arid Sytb£s'-- thettfe rghtftietf datTeritveeei¥edHi«r vdthi rihd%die£ ow ttfetf m aetf o#m x?&y; i&m; <s& i rSlif# rbfHtfCChl ; ilea Dk- \6eMimefv i mm? \¥i kw im. 4$ f&m; -mm# ?m m&b; hsfc«l liHtkllikeAn ikuuilM® fOOfl® (km iftdwi;' jl fate $9 SmmeA kmm k w > wgo ! iKHtremiipg emmmkk- etoke mwi w i — £ wiUfceii>wi-; Ske uootor started :p«eeptihty- 4 An — is : W&Z; Mb Daart's eeee ? he K>qoired, boa npg : to her w«th a sudden look <rf interest. \- She coI juk&I; sndheirtuted. 4 1 bare had a strike— eEpeoeoeewhisfa nana coosidecs e deiusios. I timmsffov will be ef the mm 'tfeppoce yos teS me «M itw«f be cugj$eeted. kbe wm erlwif, trlfiiag mth one of bee haoec. Fktm &mmm; tm/ 4b said, burrbsily , a kertfe. 1 ice? t eat® P speak of It; bat wm uM JO A d. hdbnr I eoold drtacs 'mz, ma bed bmtsedsj 1 eft the room, Wee® we mere kit slows be turned to me iw$asn&$j, aad la a few words I related to boo what the reader alseadj knows. He Ifrteuei without artecreptio®, and, wbeo I had finished, sat for tome waoarii wHboot CDOkbg, thonshtfalfe etzokxau loa heard. He was evidently iaipirwrd by what he bad beard, and I waited awdousiy for bfeopuaio®. t At Ifurth be looked up, f3dr. Djent,' be sssd gravely, yoo wfUbe muprueo. tokaptfet yoor daughter is not me lift wise has bsd tins strange 44 ex perience," Previoas teoaats of The Cedars h«n beard exactly the sennas winch she de«"»ilm ' I pacbed rety chair back ball a yard in my srtemrtuncDt. % ' Impoeatide I' He uoddei eolistieelly. It is a fact, thocad. don't pretend toex- pfeiu It, Tbeee efcrangejsai£erta$ion» have bee® notiead at intwabTjor the lost three or focr years; ever rincb-' the boose was oncupwd by a Oiptswi Y2ode leur, whose orphan nephew—' .Tssdeiew?' I iotetraptod ; 4 why. he was 'a efieBtof ana. He itsozeS hi nephew's life in our office for a large amount, ad— « 4 And a few month afterward the - child i suddenly and mysteriously died ? my com- 1 paniou put in. 1 A singolif SbfeoFdenOe to 1 say the least of it.' I 8o singular,' I acqaiesced, thfit We | tbdfight it a ease for inquiry, particularly as I the ex-CaptSif! did not bear the beet of | ebaraotgrt, add WM jtaown to be over head I aid eefs In debt.- But 1 am bound to say | that after lb doeest investigation nothing I was discovered to suggest » saepioion of tool I play-' 4 Nevertheless there had b&W; foul play,' I was the doctor's reply. I 4 Ton don't mean that he mnrdertDd the I boy! that pretty, fragile- looking little fellow—' No, be did not murder him, but he let him die' Dr. Cameron replied. 'Perhaps you are not aWaie,' he continued, 4 that the little lad war somewhat feeble in mind as well as body f I attended him more than once, at Yandelenr's request, and I found that among other strange fears and antipa thies he had a morbid dread of darkness. To be left alone in a dark room for only a few minutes was enough to throw him mto a parogysm of nervous excitement. His u ole — who, by the way, professed more affection for him than 1 Could quite believe in, when I noticed how the ofaild shrank from him— consulted me as to the beBt means of overcoming this weakness. I strongly advised him to humour it for the present, warning Mm that any mental shock might endanger the boy's feaeen, or even his life. I little thought those Words of mine would prove his death warrant.' 4 What do you mean ?' 4 Only a few days afterward, Vandelefir locked him np all night in a dark oloset, where he was found the next morning, orouohing against the wall— hie hands | clenched, his eyes fixed and staring — dead.' 'Good heavens, how horrible! Bat no word of this was mentioned at the inquest ?' 4 No ; and I did not hear of it myself till long afterward, from a woman who had been Vandeleur's housekeeper, but was too much afraid of him to betray him at the time. From her, too, I learned by what refined cruelty the poor little lad's nerves had been shaken and hie health undermined. If "the intention makes the deed," James Yandeleur was a murderer.7 I I was silent a momeat, thinking, with an ! uncomfortable thrill, of Ethel's dream. 4 1 wish I had never entered this ill- offisned house !' I exclaimed at length. 4 1 dread the effect of this revelation on my daughter's mind. | 4 Why need you tell her?' he questioned. ! ' My advice is to say nothing more about I it. The sooner she forgets the subject the j better. Send her away to the seaside ; change of air and scene will scon efface it from her memory.7 He rose as he spoke, and took up his hat. 4 What has become of Yandeleur?' I in quired. 4 1 have heard nothing of him since we paid the policy.' | 4 He has been living abroad, I believe — 1 going to the dogs, no doubt. But he is in England now,' the doctor added ; 4 or else it was bis 44 fetch" which £ saw at your gate the other night.' 4 At our gate !' I echoed in astonishment. 4 What the deuce was he doing there T 4 He seemed to be watching the house. It was last Sunday evening. I had been dirnn j with friends at Richmond, and on my way I back, between II and 12 o'clock, I noticed a j man leaning over thegate at The Cedars. On j bearing footsteps he turned and walked away, J but not before I had caught a glimpao of his j faces in tb moonlight.' r And you are suredr war tir? j 4 Almost' certain— though he vw greatly ! 'j altered for the wore. I hsve a presetTrimeat dit yodknow:, that- yew Willi see faresa? of s hit# yooreeir before" long; 3 br addodi thou; M!y3 ast he shook wf&tthfc; vraye . i 4dS£ aiPtlifiitPfhlihwftlg! irtiisa8d«ewftifc to? lihet! whoop & do&parehoai; tip iirohPozsyrisiAtttsdi) ffctf'dhpslktl#. iksm- ffeofutiown '.betore. (9m f&mwg; i wm &&&& <& ufee i\ew\ mmsmdme i <&er; $mpe, i>en4>jKgifefe ? -pld hotwekeeper peeewfeed faareeK with iveUxv&Atoa; Wet a 'party' had eailed o#ee We heme. ' A gect ieman or a lady' l inqu'wed. 4 A gentfemim, ek, but lie dida't give his name I found the visitor standing near the opes window of the drawngroom ; tall, genet sum of thirty five or thereabouts, tab handsome bet bagged featwee, aad ceetfec dark eye. His Hpe were eovcced by a thick zDooctwebe, wiwch be was ewsmoedy ttristieg as be stood leAog ont at the lawn. 'Ibwbosce fe to be I et, I bdiewe; will yon allow me to teak over ztf he ask ri, tamiag tawarf ore as I entered. Hie voire aaeeared familiar; I looked at Mm more closely, and tfacs, a mate at the cfcssge is his appeal aace, I xeeogmaad Capias Ysadelear. What oonld bav® broeit him hae, I wondered. Sorely he would not ease to return to the home, eves if be were in a pontoon to do no, which, jodpog from A abafctmeas of hie afpesiance, warnl very douhtfed. Half a dozen vague flusjeeUia flagftarl iLtwqtli my mfad m I glaneei at bis faee, and noticed tbe resdeaa, lmotad bok whisb sold of eonae veanog dread or anxkty. After a (Doomt'c benbtkm I swaiiiitad to to irqaegt, aoa raaolved to ivwiar f tarn my self oo hia tour of inspection. 'I think I havs met yoo before,' I said, feeling earioas to know whsttter he xeeal- leeted me. __ He glanced atfnashsentiy. 4 PowWy — but not of late years; far I have been living abroad/woa bis reply. fibtog Aovn him thtolputoaents on the ground-floor, I led the way nprtaire. He followed me from room to idom in as absent, lutteas fashion, till we earns to tfse chamber which Etiul had occupied. Then his intern seemed to revive all at oasee. . He glanced quietly toad the wrila, h!s eyes reoaggoa tfaeaaoriff tfaeboroleoet. 4 That ie a bath or dreesing-room, I sup pose?' he said, nodding toward it. 4 No, only a place tor lumber. Perhaps. I ! ought to tell you that it is said to bo haunted,' I added, affecting to speak oare Itself, while I kept my eyee on his face. He started and turned toward me, 4 Haa&taa; — by what ?' he inquired, with a faint' sneer, 4 Nothing worse than rstaor mice, I expeot.' 4 There is a tragical story oonneoted with j that plaee, I answered deliberately 4 It ie I said that an unfortunate ohild was shut up | there to die of fear, in the dark.' ; The colour rushed to hiB faoe, then re- i treated, leaving it deadly white. 4 Indeed !' he faltered ; 4 and do you mean to sy that he, the ehild, has been seen ?' 4 No, Jtrat he uas been heard, knocking within, and crying to be iet out. The faot is confirmed by every tenant who has oc cupied the noQBe since—' I stopped short, startled by the effect of my revelation. . My companion was gazing at me with a bi&ns; stare of horror which banished all I other expression from his face. I 'Good heavens!' I heard him mutter; | 4 oan it be true? Can this be the reason I why I was drawn back to the place in spite I of my6elf ?' I Recollecting himself, however, he turned! j to me, and forced his white lips into a smile, J 4 Mysterious story !' he commented, drily. I 1 1 don't believe a word of it myself, but I I should hardly e&re; to take a house with such au uneasy reputation. I think I need not trouble you any further. Ashe turned toward the door I saw hie I figure eway as if he were falling. He put | hi band to his side, with a gasp of pain, A bluish Bbade gathering ovex his face. Are you ill ? I exol&imed; in alarm, I— it is nothing. I. -have a weakness of the heart, and I am subject to these attacks. May I ask you for a glass of water V 1 left the room to procure it. When I I returned I found he had fallen upon the hod | in a dead sweon. I I hastily despatched a servant for Dr. I Cameron who happened to be at home, and same immediately. He recognised my visitor at once, and glanced &t; me significantly. I rapidly explained what bad happened, while he bent I over the unconscious man, and bared hie I chest to listen to the heart bwats. I When he raised himself his faoe was j msdneusly grave. 4 Ie be in danger V I aeked quickly. 4 Not in immediate danger, but the next attack will probably be his last. His heart is mortally diseased.' It was nearly au hour before Yandeleur awoke, and then only to partial conscious ness. He lay in a sort of stupor, his limbs i nerveless, his damp and cold. 4 It ie impossible to remove him in this | condition,' the doctor remarked ; 4 1 fear he must stay here far the night. I will Bend you someone to watch him. 'Don't trouble — I intend to sit up with him myself.' i replied, speaking cm an impulse 1 could hardly explain He looked at me keenly over hia I spectacles. I 4 Snoold you like me to share your watch ? I he inn aired after a moment. 4 1 should be only too glad of your com-- pany, if you can come without incon venienoe.' He nodded. 4 1 most leave y on now, but I wjl return in an hour,' he responded. Three house bad passed away ; it wa® nearly midnight. The night wafcogpresaively idose sod profoundly still The bedroom. Nrindow rtOOd wideoptaiv bot Dot ebreatti off j air stirred the aurttttne Outside tdl were jvgueand dark, <fbrneitlier moon nor stare® jwts&vf;&bfe-; j YatJdMkttrstllb lajfc, HMtfdrere® f b«et|- wm? now aefeeip. Hie dfeejp audita breattiiBg: eomcfedicttatiinJtlyiai the rtteures. Dk. (Skasmsm razee the dleiisttdfl, resM&dl; butt ftuntf ib iingereibte tip yissaismtinp&tidiuapit;' nsimF wm mawwaafli tfjy auwi mf HalN» II flbuwb iktoptt g amwsmte tto Awwi®& mm a irel. M iteiHlk, ammm % dh® dm lilhM.Iidhitedifpye0s«nfl mresuretesttjr b0\, but 5 Awoke nhrupi, hwtosi jnui '-d Wish a wwoee rbf vague mmm. % gfeoeed at xbe doctor. He ban itAd Soma usiippk,Aftdw8ieafi>ngioc«atd xrith am tarn on toe dseMmtohle, looking iiiUiiOj toward toe door of toe box-room In; rtiatodylkdaeytotosailwtoHi. Baser toali I fined toe thriH that nam (hwsA roy nervee wfae® I hemrdiwi witoan a meffied knocking asmad. ®®A a efaffih voiea. tosfiset, toongh ftort end Im uihrere by tab a, crying piieaoriy: 4Ld ne oat, fat me oat T 'Do yon faesrf I mhwpnri, trwilling fermud to vxy eaapermm. Sadd"le Mree otoHet haam' With aery that rwmg tkinwgh the coare TTi ii i IK in E !— - m -» - a re — J » mJBOBwaa BDEttDK SBOIBi CDS OBB HBBBDCtt CBB ciosrt door in two guides, end tore it ops®. It was empty. Empty at least to oar eyrew bat it was evident that oar umipniin® hhdd what we emild not. For a law breathlQM eeeooda ha Mooiat if frown, hte eyes fixed with toe fsoiTiiilte® of terror on something faat wstons toe toretooid; toe®, m tf nkntog till In waatopl by the upposile dj where he mooched in e® nUrlwdw of dpi The (right was so horrible that I could hear it no laager. 'Are youtowazniug? walw ip?I ®' ehmned. and toook his ahonlder. Ho rmjaed and hdan mow _ fl®ddeBf forward at He baa awoomd ipin,' T —Id. iiiniirirg to my oaupanion, whoatooped aad lifted the lwBfl ub to Ma After oaegfeutee, he told it gently down again. He to dead, was Ids gem reply. Aad with Vaadstomfs death my story Buds, for after that ugh the eoonde were heard ao mora. The foctora Bttte oet was at met.— Argoty. 