THE S.A.J.C. SPRING MEETING. [Br Trumpatob.] Melbourne, May 4. I shall not in thisletterenter intothereasons which prompted the S.A.J.C. to desert their own colony and ran their annual meeting off at Flemington. The committee doubtless think a good end will be served by adopting the extraordinary course of going away from home to race, and if their action should assist in bringing about the repeal of the Betting Act and the relegalization of the totalizato r a great object will have been attained from a racing point of view. On all sides the South Australians who are in Melbourne have been chaffed about having to come to Melbourne to conduct our racing, and even ontside sporting circles people wonder what manner of place the colony must be when its inhabitants are content to forego the benefits accruing to the public generally from racing. That the sport is the means of dis tributing thousands of pounds among the tradesmen of a city is an admitted fact wherever the turf flourishes, and Adelaide traders will recognise this before the present month is out. However, it is [no use in dulging in regrets over the loss to Adelaide of those lively times which were wont to come round each year with the advent of May and continue well into June. That this will be the last S.A.J.C. meeting held in Mel bourne is the devout wish of all our racing men, and if the many hotelkeepers and tradesmen who are vitally interested in seeing a revival of the sport in Adelaide choose to come forward and lend a little assistance in forming the S.A.J.C. afresh, we may again see the Turf flourishing in the City of ChurcheB. I feel very dubious about the Syndicate who have taken the responsibility of transfering the Adelaide Cup Meeting to Melbourne coming through their engagements without an appreciable loss. Mr. Barnard told me before the last race was run on Satur day, that the attendance was quite up to his anticipations, and there was little fear of a Iobb being incurred on the meeting. Possibly the Secretary was satisfied with the takings at the gateB, but nevertheless the attendance was the smallest I have ever seen at Flemington, and all the dailies this morning describe it as " about equal to an off-day." Fields on Saturday were not large except ing in the two handicaps, but one could not wish for better racing. Sir Patrick repre sented class in the Hurdle Bace, and after a slashing finish he just got home by a neck; but Old Soul was unlucky to lose as the race was run. McLeod did not make enough use of him in the straight, and then he bungled at the final flight. With these dis advantages thrown in he was coming so fast at the finish that another half- dozen strides would have seen the verdict reversed, and with a little more time I expect to see Old Soul develope into a very useful repre sentative of his olass. The Ballarat people fancied Echo, but he was unlucky in getting badly interfered with at the home turn. The Leger has often produced a very interesting struggle, though the history of the race does not record any large fields. On Saturday the finish between The Broker and Silver King was one of the prettiest imaginable, the run home from the distance reminding me strongly of that memorable set to on the old course when Warlock just got home from Bosworth. That Silver King should have won was the opinion of nearly every one after the race, but Moore wasted a lot of energy in chasing Sandal, while Sanders kept The Broker out of the fight until the distance, when he brought him with a beautifully timed run, and just " shot" the favourite by half a neck. The King looked anything but well before the race, as he sweated profusely in the paddock, and carried a tucked - up, jaded appearance. The Broker, on the other hand, looked very cool and unconcerned, and though a rather leggy and w ^shy-looking colt Coffey had the son of GoldBbrough and Melody in good hard condition, and Mb performance stamps him dirt cheap at the 300 gs. he cost Mr. Halin bourg. This gentleman, who is a member of the Ring, has only gone into racing this season, and his luck in getting hold of three horses like Acolyte, St. Laurence, and The Broker has been sufficiently marked to call to mind the career of John Hammond. I had almost forgotten Sandal. She looked very fresh and well when stripped, and did not lack for backers, but after going very well to the turn she died away to nothing. Despite the bold front presented by Topaz a good field of twenty turned out for the Goodwood Handicap, and taken all round they were a fine- conditioned lot. Harry Tothill had Topaz in great buckle, the muscle standing out in lumps on the old bay, whose coat shone like satin. There seemB to be a mystery about the real owner of Topaz, but whether he belongs to Messrs. File and Barnard or not they were at his back in the betting market, ana the money went on with a vengeance the night before the race. Another horse that reflected the utmost credit on his trainer was St. John, and I have never seen the unfortunate Lord Wilton in such form. Others that looked trained to the hour were St. Lawrence, The Ghost, Duenna, Uncas, and last but not least, Lantern. Opinions differed vastly as to the chance of Mr. Crozier's big horse. The majority of the touts would not have him at any price; but when seen walk ing about the paddock many good jndges ranged themselves on his side, and I must say that he is not half a bad-looking nag out of his box. Unfortunately for those who knew of his great trial at Morpbettville, Lantern had a bad passage over, and got kicked into the bargain. This fact, coupled with the performance of Topaz on the previous Satur day, prevented the stable feeling as confident as they would have done had the horse arrived at Remington a week earlier, and he was not backed like the real good thing he was. How the son of Wild Eagle spreadeagled his field is chronicled elsewhere. After going a furlong he shot to the front, and was never afterwards approached. Although beaten, no notice must be taken of Topaz's defeat, as his head was turned the wrong way when the flag fell. That he would havebeaten Lantern is extremely doubtful, but with a fair start he would probably have hunted the big horse home. Lord Wilton ran well, and so did The Ghost, but the rest of the field, with the exception of Ironmaster and St. Lawrence, were badly beaten. The Messrs. Crozier throw in for about £5,000 over the race. An other Adelaide backer won £2,200, while several others were fortunate enough to win fair stakes; but some of the Adelaide division who were standing Topaz or Lord Wilton refused to save anything with Lantern, and the victory of the River horse was a loss to them. Messrs. W. & A, Crozier have been very for tunate in their turf transactions during the last two years, as with Buby, Lantern, and Misb Merlin a number of fair stakes have fallen to their share. I believe they have purchased the Wild Eagle—Pride of Troy colt since Lantern won, and I shall not be surprised if he turns out a good bargain. Juanna proved a very soft thing for the Produce Stakes, and with any fair weight she will a hard nut to crack in the Nursery Handicap. Eighteen slippery customers saddled up for the Victoria Han dicap. Backers went for Meander and Meerschaum, and though they missed the mark their judgment was not far out as far as Meander was concerned. Pyrette is wonderfully quick at getting away and with Meander stumbling at the tan she was just able to keep out ot his way at the finish. Honora was a good third, and the pony Miss Merlin was well clear of the others. Since the racing on Saturday SardiuB has been backed in the right quarter to win the Cup, and he is now first favourite for money. No more has yet been made in favour of Lantern, but he must have a great look-in if he can get the distance. 1 believe he and Sardius will be galloped together to-morrow morning, and the result of this spin will have a great effect in settling the question of favouritism. Ballarat authoritities say the ancient Britisher is "real jam." In last week's Observer I selected Sardius and Lord Wilton as a pair from which the winner was likely to spring, and I still expect to see them both run well, though I have every respect for Lantern and Britisher. Mr. William Blackler arrived this morning with his yearlings, and I believe they are none the worse for the passage. Walter Melrose tells me that he has sent three greyhounds to Adelaide to fill nomina tions m the Waterloo Cup. Walter saysRed Iron ought to nearly win the stake. George Bead has taken Waldock's Hotel at Flemington, and intends combining training with the business of a licensed victualler. 