DIGNITY AND IMPUDENCE. (Queen.] THE greatest trial that can befall dignity is to have to have to deal with impudence. Grave wrongs can be gravely borne ; and tho dignity tying in magnanimous for- bearance, in.great hearted patience, and the noblo gr.ico of forgiveness, is one of those half-saintly, half-heroic qualities of humnn nature of which we cannot spare tho exercise. The process may he painful to hill who suffers, but the loss to the world for the want of these emphatically splendid examples of moral grandeur would be so much the greater ! But how can dignity combat impudonco? Patience, and taking no notice, simply invite renewed attacks, and givo so much longer tether to tho attacker. And not to check a vice which you know will increase by quiescence, is a little too much like holding a candle to that Him who must not be, named, aud who ought to be suppressed, not encouraged auuíFed onl¡ not illuminated. What can be done ? When a grave and dignified man is pitied against a pert, audacious, little woman, where ¡ne his arms of defence 1-of assault it is not the ques- tion. His dignity protects him no more than a coat of mail would piotect him against tho lightning. And indeed it is only one attraction the more. The impu- dent Utile créature finds no1 hing so delight- ful as to ignore all that moral defence wot k of gravity ; and, like one of the malicious fairies of Queen Mab, she pinches hore and pulls there, pricks and stings and bites and scrapes, till hor dignified victim writhes under his armour-and she knows it. Like a swift and irrepressible blue-bottle fly, she buzzes in tho ear and flies in the face of that grave and ponderous knight. And by the timo ho has lifted his heavy hand to brush her off she is yards away, only to como b.ick like a flash and to sting like a wasp. Fancy what must he tho humiliation of a grave grandiose, pretentious man, married lo an impudent little iconoclast-ono of those women who have no more reverence than so many spider-monkeys, and who like nothing so much as to destroy a solemn mask and expose tho bollowness within. Ho begins a_ stoiy ; she checks him. " You have* told that so often before," she says, her pert round bead t03sed over her shoulder. He does not heed her inteiruption ; dignity must sometimes be deaf ; and he goes on with his narrative. When he comes to his figures-his facts this gauze-winged stridulous little blue- bottle buzzes in his ear-this irrepressiblo lil tie midge settles on his august nose-this spider-monkey snatches at his solemn mask. " Oh, Joe I " she sa3'S-she will call him Joe, and he hates it, and she knows that ho hates it. His real name is Julius-wind .Julius is a good, solid, dignified mouthful ; but J on!-Joe fur a man oft. high, who goes to the Friday evening lectures at tho lîoyal. Institution, and is the speaker of .their parochial parliament-Joe I "Oh, Joe ! " buzzes the blue-bottle of his bosom ; "you do exaggerate so dreadfully I The place was worth only ¿C300 a year, and Hot ¿'1000 ; and as for refusing it, as yon say for conscience-sake and your political opinions-such rubbish ! You simply were not such a donkey as to give up what you hiive for an office that was X'200 a year,less tlin.ii your present I" Then she laughs shrilly, and turning to her neighbour says 'in her elvish way: "I never will let Joe make himself out a hero, when he is not. I halo humbug ; and it is so silly to tell such stot ies !" Men are at a tremendous disadvantage nil round when women of any kind or grade choose to be pert and impudent. The .umbrella of the stage is an exaggeration, but the type is true ; and where are you-you poor, big, lumbering lump of dignity-when your brisk housekeeper snubï you to your face, and your smart waiting-woman lets you see that BIIO holds you in no more re- spect than a wretched old Newfoundland who has to be taken care of, certainly, but put into his proper place if he thrusts his black noz.de into matters which do not con- cern him ? Where aro you then ? and what can you do to assert your dignity and force its recognition ? You cannot turn off servants ; and your only fear .is lest they should turn tliembelves off. For they are beyond measure useful to you ; trustworthy, honest, punctual, and all the rest of it. They suit you down to the ground, and you know that, were you to lose them, you could never replace them. And they know all this too, the 'hussies ; and, as they would 8)'iy in their own'tongue, take their chango out of it, and leave you with but a few pence in hand. Perhaps, in view of what the sei has to suffer generally from the stronger muscles and more tyrannous wills of men, it ia as well to have this power "f impudence in partial 'reserve. It helps towards the equalisation of the situation, at least to a slight jde'gr-e ; and the pert midge who assails her dignified proprietor, be he master or husband-assails and goes un- punished - somewhat avenges her less fortunate sisters who are crushed like mice under the hoof of an elephant, and toitured like toads caught between the teeth of a hm row. There aro other human mosquitoes besides pe»l little women, which buzz and sling without cpssation, are impervious fo »11 your weapons, and not to be repulsed by all your efforts after self-defence. When , yon hit out you hit into space, and your blows fall innocuous ; unless, indeed, they j f,dl back on yourself and wound your own | flVsb, as the fighter with midges and mos- I quitnes knows too well. Devoid of delicacy, ' of self-respect, of proper understanding, you . nuy strike certain people in the face, and ¡ after a few moments they will come back to j the point, rubbing the smart and deter- mined not to take the hint nor learn the I lesson. Are they the self- constituted ! lovers and suitors of women who '. loathe them, and whose family rejects them ? No power on earth will keep tliPin off, nor check the pursuit, which is moire impudent than loving, more apish than manly. You may call in the aid of the law against th»m, but they still manage to insult and annoy ; and whatever punish- ' ment'may be'inflicted, as the duck's back takes the rain and is none the wetter, so do they take their dole and are none the woise Do they know that you despise them, from their hat to their boots, their manners to their minds! they retaliate with the most exaggerated attentions, with the coarsest flattery ; they profess for you un- dying affection, the profoundest admiration, and flourish about as your nearest friends and dearest intimstes among people who, knowing no better, accept what they hear in all probabilit}' marvelling but not deny- ing. Do they kitow that you never wish to hear of them again ?-that you do not care whether they are living or dead ?-that you hold them in as much honor as tigers in your path, snakes at your fest, apea on your back ?-tfaey persecute you with Jotters written in the most genial and friendly strain, and hope soon to hear from, you in return. Or thoy ask you to go anti pay them a friendly visit in I he country; or announce to you their in rival in London, when thoy mention the day ;md the hour they- intend to call on you-hoping to lind you at homo. If they aro vonomously- minded they insult you as a cur yelps at your heels, If they are fatuous in their ways, they fawn on you and follow you, as tho beaten sjwtliel of wham you wish to rid yourself, but who conies and licks your hand, crouching low and humbly wagging his craven tail, sticking to your heels as cloie as a burr sticks to your coat-sleeve. No snubbing in public, no remonstianco in private, no h.urshiicss and no reasoning can deliver you from the torment of their presence, the insolence of their approach You might as well try to teach a monkey ¡i gracious manner or a graceful gesture-or a midge a large reserve in ita attacks-as to tench rolinquishment to these creatures, with whom this persistent kind of insolence ia their main characteristic, What can dignity do with such as these ? Were wo all saints-like him who suffered the bird to build in the hollow of his up- lifted hands, and to nest undisturbed in his beard-wo might bear our annoyance in patience and silence-notwithstanding tho uudesirableness of that caudle-holding afore- said. But few of us aro sainls to this degree ; and the law of self-defence and the right of repulse aro necessities of life such as we have it at this present time. We have! not yet melted , our cannons into church doors, nor made our swoids into scythes ; and until wo have conie to a general peaco in national life we shall not touch universal forbearance in private, And when we havo cume'to this state of giace, then there will bo no need for its oxoicise ; for there will be no aggressions, no attacks, and impudence will be as extinct as invasions. Those pith-tumblers which, bowl them over as often as you would, caine up again on end, tho carved clown's painted face wearing ever the same wide- mouthed grin ; quicksilver scattered into drops and running together again into tile same obstuictive mass ;-the mirror w Inch, reflecting ono unlovely foi m and broken into a thousand pieces but multiplied that unlovclincss a thousand-fold ; - the Atlautic which good Mrs. Partington did her best to keep back with her mop ;-lighting gnats with a straw and holding up your cane against a shower of rain :-these and moro examples of futilo endeavour express the result of active re sistanco to the impudent who assail your dignity, trample on your patience, make war on your sereiuLy, and ti y your magnanimity to tho last' point. The spell which is to lay these mocking ghosts is yet to find; and nor church nor bench has a form of exoi cism or of law which can banish these spiteful demons lo the depths whence they have come. It is as well wo cannot destroy by a wish, and that the curses not loud but deep which I ho tortured victim sometimes mutters to himself, aro only idlo wotds-as idlo as teais, as resistance, as re- taliation, as l-emonstiitiice. We havo nothing for ilaftur all butdignity -- silent, statuesque, impenetrable. Attacks unnoticed ; inso- lence unanswered ; visits not recoived ; at- tentions not accepted ; letters left tiuun Bworcd ; the wholo being and existence ignored ; yourself deaf, dumb, and blind there is no other way to deal willi these midges of annoyance, these apes of insolence, and by no other method can you preserve the dignity which these creatures try to de- stroy. To show sign of life-to wince, hit out, retaliate-to Ioho vour wooden indiffe- rence, your stony Pashl-liko lepóse, is to do what your afesailants' want, and to play your enemy's game. How they chuckle when your colour rises and your eyes flash ? A ha ! that shaft struck, did it? Good! you shall >havo another in tho same place, and the second will go deeper and widen the sore. No 1, Ihero is no good to be gained by lotting these people see that you ate wounded or' annoyed. They play for thoso stakes, and hold themselves winners when you show that you havo boen hit. What matters a grimace to a blind man ? and an insolence to one stone deaf is like a drop of rain ou the shell of a tortoise. Even cairs get tired of yelping and snapping at a wooden image ; and let the spaniel croueli and wag his tail if it amuses him to dp so. Kee)) your hand out of the reach of his fawning tongue, and for the rest-do not see and forbear to kick. Impassibility must win in the long run ; and, however painful the effort, however hnrd the lesson to learn, it is your one safe- guard, and tim only punishment that impu- dence can be made to feel. A USTRALIA AND HEU 0IUGKETER8. (Saturday Iiovimo ) AFTISR a long feries of victories Shaw's Eleven in Australia has been defeated by six runs, i Their opponents are described as eleven picked men from all the colonies. Though Shaw's team may not be considered as absolutely representative of Englaud, still it is very strong, and the qolonibts deserve all congratulations on a victoty which no Englishman will grudge them at present. The success of the Australians is the more remarkable if, as appears probable, they played without any of Murdoch's men, or with none but Mr. Spofforth. In Victoria, at least, the men of Murdoch's travelling Eleven have been . disqualified or sus- ' pended by the Cricketers' Association. This strong measure was taken for the excellent purpose of discouraging semi-professionalism. When Shaw's playei s, ali of them English professionals, arrived in the colony, ¡i match was ananged in which several of Murdoch's people were ,to take part. But they all declined. They de-, manded a certain shaie in the gate-money ; this was refused, and so M carn. M'Dpiinell, Boyle, Blackham, Palmer, and Scott stood out. It is very unpleasant to 'see such excellent, indeed unsurpassed, cricketers¡ taking so. unpatriotic and mercenary an | attitude. The Victorian Cricketers' Asso ! ciation asked for reasons ; one player refused to give aiiy, the others offered excuses which weie deemed entirely unsatisfactory. t Mr Spofforth was not purent when the match which gave rise to these soi tows occurred; and fiiw English cricketers will be astonished j to hear that the celebrated bowler now takes the side of good taste and proper feeling, . | The whole truth of tho matter was . Biminied up very learnedly by Mr. Justice Williams, the Pretident of the Victorian Cricketers' Association, whose speech is reported in Truth. Mr. Justice Williams , said that, in spite of the arguaient« used iu England, he had always defended the con- j duct of Australian amateurs in playing for ( ' gate-money-in England.. They 'were not , rich men, and without the gate-money they could not afford to travel so far and play j so long. Perhaps this may be admitted; ' in Engiawl, wo fancy, people ( bhascdi the AtistraliD.ns'not so much because they rtoofc. gate-money'as because they w'erei,hj> eager; and grasping in their pecuniary" arrange- ments. They were charged with tryibg,-to' extract the uttermost penn}', and »similfir reputation attended them, we îaeîieve^ j'i-Ff, America, especially in Philadelphia." How- ever, it is certain, as Mr. Jiisticli"Willinrnrf said, that if Murdoch's men "wished1'/ t'Ó, be held amateurs and 'gentlemen afc-home in the colony, they could not play against English professionals for ti shareoior the gate-money. To take money for playing1 is «imply to become a professional. ThiV was often said in England, where lOUtV players were not well pleased with 'the formal "Mr." or "Esquire," honouiabla titles allotted even to Midwinter, who had. been a ground man, if >ve mistake not, 'a'f Lord's,'and who cei tainly played for years" *s a professional for Gloucestershire. Murdoch's men want both the honour \ and the golden gains. Their fellow-colonists, have decided, in Victoria at least, that they may keep both in England, but certainly aiotnthome. This decision must, we pre-, ?sume, have deprived them of valuable allies iu the late great match, which, uever theluss,' they have won. If they played» without Murdoch's tail they deserved to ' win for at last taking a stand on the true principles of sport. Therein they, set an example to English cricketers. Two or threoyeais ago we also weie vexed by the question of paid amateurs cr gentlemen professionals. Various circumstances have almost removed the problem fiom "the sphere 'of practical politics," in cricket;' but at any moment the difficult and delicate 'question may recur. But it h.w always been veiled here by the obscurity of private arrangements and under the name of " pay- ment of expenses." It was not easy todraw the line at legitimate expenses, especially' whore amateurs with a paying piofessioii were concerned. In Australia Mutdocb's«' men posed the' question in its naked formi PJayingt against professionals, itg.ttnst fa;.' team of^ mon to whom cricket, was their i bl ead/ and butter," they boldly naked fop a¡ - share of( that refreshment. Mr. Justice-, Williams refused to "seo the Australian«! reputation dragged in the dirt," and, v^&^ think cricketeis, owo him thauksnt bomen no less than in the colonies. Yet English.-,'! men will hope that such an Unexampled«,!,1 wicket-keeper as Blackburn, so merry >a.'> hitler as M'Donncll, and so thoroughly trust- ¡ worthy aud plucky a bat as Scott, not to speak » of the mighty Bonnor, will purge away thqir ' guilt, and make duo submission to the Asso- ciation. Their ftdl from virtue is the result of what wo have always legarded as their ¡" professional experience in England. Their ¡' golden gains all but perveited our own \ professionals,, and have reduced good cricketers and, we daresay, good fellows, to ? a position of humiliation. Tun following; ia tho statement of the navvies Í at Mitchell as to tho causo of tho lato stnko (now happily ut an end), ua mado to the,spécial . correspondent of tho Roma Star :-The mon complained that when thoy carno to be paid at ' tho end of tho month they found thal their tinicH had been wrongly kept by tho gangers, and that consequently aomo of them wuo nob paid all thu overtime duo to thom, hume losing from £1 downwards of what thoy ought to havo ' ' got. Thoy never saw the pay- sheets until they wero being paid, and so could not correct thc ciTors afterwards. They «coined the idea of ', having asked to he paid for tho timo spent in travelling homo. Thoy aay thoy never mudo the slightest objec- tion to paying tho hospital money. Tho mon, however, claimed that aa tho guivol , pit men1 got 9r. for 8 hours'work thoy should, ¡ bo entitled to tho sitmu pay, Tho pohee niaglatrato pointed oui thut with regar.* to a. > puroly monetary question ho could,not intor- ' fere, but ho certainly thought they ought to havo access to the gangers' time, so that thoy, could correct their time. After further amicable conversation, the mon on Btnko agu ed to loavo it to Captain Goodall to arbitrate on the points involved, and promised to appoint throe of their number to meet Mr. Gargett on the following day. They also gave their words that they would not interfere with those not on strike, nor with the men coming up next day, reported then as eighty in number. . . Captain Goodall then had an interview with Mr. Gargett, and the contractors' side of the question is something to this effect. When the time sheets were declared to be wrong, Mr. Ramm asked the men to come and state their complaints. He said if they would appoint three of their number the mistakes should be rectified. Three were appointed who all de- clared they had worked on the same trains on the same days, but their times were different Mr. Ramm asked them to explain this and they could not. In the meantime one or two ringleaders sprang up, and urged a strike making the 9/- for 8 hours their chief com- plaint. Mr. Gargett offered to pay off those who had complained of being underpaid, but they had refused to come and take their money. As to giving the 9s for 8 hours aa received by ' ! i the men at the gravel pit, he says that the cacea aro not analogous. At half-past 7 ¡ti the , morning the ballast train leaves .WoinballUV , camp and travels for ballast. During tho day there are four trains of ballast loaded, and each loading takes from twenty to twenty five minutes. The unloading takes nt the out-7 , dido ten minutes. This is the actual work- ing time, and amounts to, at the outside to two and a-half hours, the remainder, of the time being spent in travelling to and,from the head of the line and the ballasting place. Mr. Gargett Mays ho also runs a train for a clí'í-j ', tance of eight milos each way to accommodate. ," the men in getting dinner, while on other lines' men aro expoctrd to bring dinner,with them. , Ha also states that as a rule tho pay is lui. a, day. that is to say that 8s. ji» gum dittoed for. ? eight hourn, but overtime generally .makes tbo rm'ount up to 10s. or oven more.. Ho fin thor'« stated that platc-layera and gravel-pit men had, , to work their eight hours from start to finish,. t : with interval for duiner, and if he gavo the- « navvies an increase it would mean in all fairness'- i increased wages all along the whololine, which" 1 would virtually mean stoppage. < tie was quite ' willing to havo tho ganger read Hie time sheet' outi to tho men every ovening, awl was only toc-i ," ¡ anxious to pay every man his due, but ho could ?,, not' raise tho rate of wages, and he was only. 1 Ílaying 7s. öd. on the Killarney railway. He * - aid stress on tho point that whilo n nawy got full hour pay whether riding on a"train or l working on tho ballost, thoso nt' thq pits, saw- mill, &c;,, wcro continuously working. Cap- tain Goodall thon went and had a chat 1 amongst the men, and tlio reBulfc waa that all 1 but a few agreed to go to « ork in tho morning, the strikers promising not to interfcro' with . those who did work. ( .' '' ONU roan in Germany has made 3 0( 0 0Uf> thermometers, but the tuathir is still ahead of ? < him. > >> 1 , ' rn.MAitKABr,E DIBAWBARANCE.-Vory remark- ' ablo disappearance of ali ire from oveirthm,, hy '' ,f using Hudson'» Dry Houp. Jtawad: .~urlty, heuliii, perfect satisfaction, by Its rcg¡ lar daily ' "?' uso. Jv.U- It is a puru dry Boap In linn p »der, ami lathurs freely In hot or cold » at- r.-[ Dvr. " BEJCTIIAM S CORN AND BUNION Pidiatms" 1 » tho beat remedy yet discovered. It immrdiacoly . " reliu.es ull pain and throbbing, und soonoiires ' tho worst cornB and buiiioi.s. It also woudorf ully. iii rediicoa enlarged grcut tim joints. Thousands > . have hoon cured by it uftcr having ti ii d e\ ery other remedy in vain, lioxes la. , ljd., of ..alV J Chemists Makers. Al. Beethan? & Son, Cneinwa, , Cheltenham, Kngland. scents for Brisbane-, r Elliott Uros &<-o.-lAuvT.l ' Jl. "BUKT WriiTK «KIN."-.' Beotham's Glycerine ' ,l ' and Cucumber" la ihe most perfect emollient ' ' milk for thu akin evur produced. It s. 00 renders I < it soft, smooth, and white, remove» and prevents -.» alf roughness, redness, sunburn, chapa. Irritation. > &o.;, causea by tho sun. wind, or hard waior, und 1. ' produces a cloar and,boautif al coiupU xi ja Kor thy nursery It ia Invaluable. Gei.tleoi. n will nnd > It dellRhtfulb-. uooth T after «>. vint?. , Bottles, la , 2s. (id., of all c) omists and perfuiaors. SJIÜ .makers M. Beutbaiu *, ann < heimbts Ciicltenhum, England. ? Agents for Briabane - % Elliott Itriirt'StroT-(AIJVT. Tup WJ'ATUKK, SUDDK.N CIIANGES. AL on wo <? 1 DurNKB, WAI-T OF fcXh,uciöh., o., .frequent y prodiico bilUuusneaB, ho .tl-ehe. ÄC. A gentleman write» :-' I h >v¿ ÜB d IVN'./H ï'aviT SALT lor aire - . ' \ earä, und I willingly endorso the statement that . Kv..'-¡ Kit IT ,-AI.T Is imperatively ueoes-ary to nu theoujoyinentof pcrleqt lioalth. By ii* nee tunny / kiniiwuf fond will ai;ruu vvlihi otbertvitio «oula iii* piodnee wretetiedmhe."-[A.. vr] >u iV CAUTION.-Legal rights jro protected in ovory j. >t clvlllatd country, examine each ijottlo.tuiit i-oft <> : .that tho capsulo ia aiaiuid."Kiip'a FiuiVfc'alt;" > - without It you havo been mino ed on ;byjworth-, «i less imitations. S<<Ut'by all chemist . Price, 2s. W. «nu 4s. Gd. liir.ctio. a in ¡-txteen lan-uagoa. How to provont Diaeasi. Prepared only at Hm.'s Frnit Halt Works. Haich^ra, bondon. S.U., by J. C. Uno'» Patent.-[ADVT.] 