SPORTING. B?y " CENTAUR. The Melbourne Hunt Club, were llessed last Saturday with splendid ?reather for their October meeting, the result being a, very large attendance, and 'eonequently, a noticeable increase on the ed:li.silu o$e their ledger. The meetiug'openedl wilt i Selling Rice, and only two starthid. The, betting opnened 10 to I on the Ace; hbt about starting tiae I Ieard the Kingston stable bookmaker offer to take 100 to 50, which prepared me for the result which followed. The lHurdle Race provided a warm favorite in Dt'ation at 6 to 4, who won easy at the finish. The event for amateur riders came next. Abdallalh had the call at 7 to 4, Ruby being backed at 3 to 1, and Kulkyne at 5 to 1. The race was brimful of accidents, the hottest favorites being out of it at the second fence. Kulkyne, ridden by one of our best amatteur riders, Mr. W. Cox, jour., won easi!y by half a dozen lengths. The Handicap Flat Race of 1 mile found 21 starters, of whoa Ringa:n?er, fMerrimu, and Iluhemian carried most money. The raoe was a splendid one between four. The result being Ringmaster first, Bo hemian and Chuckster dead heat for second, with M3erritun next. Eight started for the Steeplechase, Bob Cooper, who started best favorite. I d all the way, and won comfortably. The last event for 2 year old, saw yet another first favorite. The Nun winning easy. Mistral was left at the post, and Trishna did not run up to expectation. Next Saturday the Caulfield Cup meet ing commences, when I hope to chronicle fine weather and an immense attendance for the opening day. The racing comi mences with a Maiden Plate of one mile, my fancies are St. Odille, Giroafi, and Lucky Hit; next on the card is the Hurdle Race, 11 miles, on paper, the best of Cripps should win, with Waverley and Problem next best. The Foal Stakes will, I think, resolve itself into a race between three fillies, I place them-Acme, M3addo lina, Anita. For the guineas I fancy Monte Christo, if well, and next to hliim, Dialap and Juanna. The Australian .Hunters' Cup has 29 entries, of whom I select. Abdallah, Chester, and.Spring to furnish the placed horses. The last event for the first day is the Toorak Handicap of 1 mile, my predictions are The Ghost, Sirocco and Muscat. Betting has been brisker the last few days. Velocisede and Lord Exeter being backed up to 10.to 1 each for the Caul field Cup, a good deal of money hast also gone on to The Andes for the same event For the Melbourne Cup Commotion and Coronet have raceded to 20 to 1 (off). Nordenfeldt being first favorite at 100 to 7, he also holds the premier posititn in the Derby quotations, 3 to 1 being the best offer. I expect to sea a great inahy changes in Caulfield Cup betting between now and the tinal acceptance on Tuesday next. 