THE LAND OP THE GOLDEN FLEEOE. (G. A. SALA I: TtHI ARGSe.) S o I had some business with Bi1 Majesty the King of the Sandwich Islands whom I lhad already had the honour to meet at dlinner at Kellys Lodge,Bligahgte, at the time when that intelligeat moonart was makina his voyage round the wli, Z and for whoa, I was the bearse of sa l Ipresent f'oam the ularonesa Bordett. Coetts. The Saucy Alameda, a?ich bad Scly distanced us by a few boars. bad reported thie Com:aiseaoner of our arrival and it was an odd and fax from apleamat surprise, so enoon as the Australia had come to her moorings, to find her bordledby naumber of gentlhmra in European dress as European dress is understood in ths viioaity of she tropics-who aftervirlently I salikin Irands, took me st once into abid. ing cutody. I had never seen any one of them betore, o all probability I eha never, see any one of them again, but they were aU ex.ceedintly kind; they alI seemed to be thoroughly well acquainted withthe tb object of roy mission, and they certainly i made my four and a hall horas' ?ay in tue Sandwich Islands a very happy one. Four and a half hours t I eboual ha^s liked to stay a month, and I am erse tat I had at least half.a.dozen invitatioat to "lie over till, the next steamer b. touched, and have a high old time .b at ht Captain Ghost was- necessarily ina. orable. I was due at a certain, date ,i: at Sydney, and it was imperatives i Sthat I should be "on timee,"' w I that it was impossilda to entertahin a the fascinating oontingency- of lying M Soer and having . bhibh old atim.: SAlohaa S I was amicably- josti into a waggonette in the compsany-ii [ s re:,e:an r aright-of an estimable Pictes tent clrgymeac, a couple of editor,, a '-i t lon.er-p onter, and the GoverDeGeneralto tile l[?wainin kingdom. Whither mylfrieads e in be wasgonette intended to carry me am sure I do not know, but it wassl :al ,r after a number of piteoue afpeals on my a part, nahl mIeek entreaties that I shoal be able to liberate my soal from the bard e g of the presents from the baroness to the King, that I was temporarilyreleasedfrom ct custody, or, rather, handed over to another It set of amicable alguazars, whoshnnlod me, e so to speak. into a buggy drawn, by two ,f high-spirited horses, and driven by a full. bearded gentleman of unmistakably Ameri. c:n extracti n, in which vehicle I was?on. veyed to the Royal Palace, an edifice of stone, and ot archlitectural pretensions at least equalling those of a schloss in ta d average German Grand Duchy. The H. waiau place stands in tastefall laid-oat grounds, rainbow-hued, with tropicalplsatt and fowere, and surrounded by a,high stone wall. There was an armed sentinel to in a neat uniform at the entrance gate,and a few more eoldiers were lounging shbot ! an underground ape:trunot, which appeared ad to be the oared room of the pala?s; an ,g I subsequently learned that His 3l:. in josty maintains a considerable qilitcy establishment, which makes an impr*s. er ive appear ance in the Ilawaia, army, S. liar. The King, of course, is gene an ralissime; and His Excellency the Hoa.I, O. Dominie, Governor of Oahn, and member oa of the House of Nobles, is commanderin. chief. Then there is theKing's household at goasd, with a captain and three lieutenanb, and a military instructor with, the rank of co major. All these gallant warriors beear European names. One" Hon.C.U L'iteoot as seems taob a native. ThhenelesthfPin?sa d. own artillery corps, and the Lelebiok cavalry corpd. and theoMamalabhoinfastry, S. the Kine's own volunteer gdards, and the ey tIonolulu rifles, and in particular them is 1e- the Royal Ilawaian band. organised by a he very talented military bandmaster,a Iren. ce sian named Borger, who, when he arrived at the Sandwich Islands in 1872, fogud ra. about 12 young natives who had sqouird of some degree of pruicioncy in bloming ed wind instruments. The intrepid Herrte'k as. these young Polynesians in hand, and toads no finished instrumentalsts ofthlem,afltrtle he mannerol thePrussian army.. Bandmster Borger has also composed for the useol?i 14 chocolate-skinned pupils,. the Kamehha e ly, hymn, which has become the aidral anthem under the title of " Hawaii Peni. ,d The band, now numbering 28 musicistl, Sgive a grand concert once a.week in Qes e Emma square, and once or twice a monthil at front of the HIawsian Hotel. The King h~l li erenade once a week at the palace, and oas the departure of steamers or the arrivalof foreign war veseels, RHerr Borger's martial minstrels usually play a welcome of td sweet sounds. Noted guests are ual frequently treated to complimentary sere Snaldes.. Aloha ! ar His lMajesty does not habitually reside at the Royal Palace.. e usually inhabits a- a commodious wooden bunaalow in the palace- grounds, and to this builting I was iu conducted by a brown and courteous it Polynesian, who, to judge from his attire,. is might have been an assistant gardener, an of under-butler, or a policeman off duty-I mean a polhcernaa in the state of Louietana, ore who of all constables with whom I have as iadle acquaintance in different parts of the world, is the freest and easiest in his t0 gart. The aide-de-camp in waiting was ta not, I was infcrmed, " on hand ;" bnt I :e sent in my card, and a minute or two to afterwards the messenger returned witha ad gracious command from His Majesty that I should attend him. The ground-flor e. of the interior of the I'uganlow was very rs dark, but under the guidance of the bra' 4 andl civil Hawaian I contrived to grope my way up a steep and tortuous stlircase, and pansing thlroughl an antochamber, I was Susherd into the presence of His Majesty, Durid Lanluen Khalakaun, king of Rlasii. The son of tihe high chief, Kalhanu Kapsu. ken, and of the hIigh chieftess, Analea Keolhakalal. great granddaughter of Kes n wihcatula. a faiau.t warrior and councilor 1 of !aietmela- els t I., was sitting at a bateau , in a large dinaly lighted apartmeont, the nloor oe chich was laid with matting. TaTe comploectioa of the Mackey-Beasett call makesie t ne tear leno.th ,, submariane d cable, areonrdi to the Elsetricia?a, hanout SSdJ Imjlesl fch cale contai au araerags , of forty setranda of wire, so that altogether r- there are over 2,5 r0?0) miles of wire oed ry in their constrsetion, or ten timemthe distaca . as from the earth to the moun. 