THE COMIC OPERA SEASON. LES CLOCHES DE CORNEVILLE. This opera, which according to its success has been justly pronounced the masterpiece of Planquette, is perhaps the most popular of all the comic operas that have as yet been played in Brisbane. The numerous catchy airs are all well known from long acquaintance, and liked perhaps the better on that account, the plot is such a commingling of the grotesque with the pathetic, and the whole conception of the piece is such that it is bound to be successful wherever decently played. The half-plea- surable, creepy sensation that children feel when hearing a ghost story they know to be only " made up " is aroused by the old miser, who in the gloom of the haunted chateau shrouds himself in a winding-sheet and waves his arms wildly to strike terror into the inhabitants of the village below, and the effect is heightened by the weird moonlight reflected on the floor through the stained glass of the old window, while a grim reality is given to the whole by the life-like picture of the old miser suddenly discovered while gloating over his bearded treasure and struck to madness as he hears the chimes of the bells of Corneville, and recalls the old legend. At the same time the opera abounds with comic points from beginning to end, and gives endless opportunities for the introduction of " business" that has little by little found its way into the construction, so that at last certain gag and certain gestures, though not in the original play, have become traditional. The music, too, eccentric, romantic, and wildly merry by turns, though possibly of rather a meretricious nature, is admirably adapted to the play, which in many respects may be regarded as perhaps the most perfect of the comic operas with which we are acquainted. There is no delicate satire which requires a thorough knowledge of the dialogue, of a complete mastery of the situation to appreciate ; all is open and above-board, and the general idea may be at once grasped by any stranger in the pit who sees it for the first time but who cannot leave without some at least of the melodies haunting his brain for weeks afterwards. In many respects the opera stands by itself, and perhaps that is the reason of its popularity in a country whose manners and customs are almost exactly the reverse of those it is intended to pourtray. There was a very large audience last night at the theatre, and they seemed to appreciate every point, and rewarded very successful number with round after round of hearty applause. Encores were numerous, and at the close of the second act, after the "raiser scene" in the chateau all the principals were called before the curtain and loudly cheered. The hit of the piece was made by Miss Emma Chambers, who, while playing with the abandon and recklessness necessary to the part of the scapegrace Serpolette, nevertheless preserved a certain polish and refinement in her acting that proclaimed a finished opera bouffe actress. Slightly nervous in the first act, she gradually seemed to feel the ground under her feet, and in the second and third act she was quite at home, and played Serpolette in a manner that, taking it all round, has never been equalled in Brisbane. Miss Nellie Stuart looked very pretty and modest as Germaine ; but it is a part that, while it gives her an opportunity of displaying the sweetest qualities of a sweet but rather shrill voice, does not allow her to do herself full justice. Miss Stewart is seen best in a character with plenty of life in it, and perhaps in the title role of La Mascotte she is likely to be most successful in Brisbane. The rather heavy part of the Marquis Henri de Corneville was taken by Mr. Albert Brennan, who must be complimented on the manner in which he performed his duties last night. The part, though possessing some very taking songs, is one that is apt to fall flat except in experienced hands, but Mr. Brennan last night amply sustained the reputation he has acquired this season, at least, in Brisbane. As Gaspard the miser Mr. Robert Brough proved rather disappointing, though his conception of the part is undoubtedly good, and his facial expressions at times were positively startling. He seemed to be acting a part that was foreign to his nature, and most of the audience felt relieved when they perceived that the mud scene was being slightly curtailed. Mr. Bonham was amusing as the Baillie, but the palm for fun must be given to Mr. John Wallace, who was quite at home in the part of Gobo, and revived memories of old times by the shrieks of laughter he caused by his absurdities. Gobo is certainly one of Mr. Wallace's very best characters, Mr. W. H. Woodfield played and sang fairly as Grenichtux, but he has been seen to better advantage in every other part he has hitherto played. As usual, the scenery and costumes were very brilliant and effective, and the choruses were excellently rendered. Altogether, the opera is produced in a manner that reflects the highest credit on the company, and is one that any lover of opera bouffe will regret having missed. "Les Cloches" will be repeated to-night, and produced for the last time on Monday next. 