A. WESTERN LANDLORD. A frocn aner D ABey Hauyerwc Omraznwees.' Arason or "oaoQF? or noon,'? "oD CArvsia aieks," are., AnD ausEnous sBEtteS AND' aemuEse o IDE-AwAx, sIPOWme6oTs, H m neas', Eare. * -4-+4-- A, oans village doctor is a yonag village doctor, whether he carries a medicine case in the year I885, or a pair of pill-bags in 1817. But all young doctow are not as large and white and full of vigorous blood as Brother ton was. Instead of his usual pill-bags, how ever, he held a well-stuffed carpet-saok in his hand as the hack rumbled with him into Millport. The whole snowy country was steeped in moonlight, which threw back a cold, knife-like glitter from the icesover Sugar Creek. The shadow of a flor-mill fell over the haeek as it jogged across the bnid e, and no light appeared in the post-offoe where tle mail bag ought to be delivered. It was after 10 o'eloon. The vehicle stopped midway of the one long street, at once the county road and Millport'a spinal column, and Brotherton alighted with his carpet-bag, exchanging a word with the hb?k driver. \- This hall-asleep an rweather-hardened be. ug then bumped ahead over frozen mud to the tavern wlidh appeared to lie directly hugging the north pole, for sueh timber as inclosed' billport opened there pon, bound. lees white prairie. In thome railroadleesdays Chicago seemed nearly as remote as China to the inland Illinoisan. Brotherton jumped a glazed mud levee and mountea that unpaved path used bythe vil. lagers as a side walk. It led gireely across a drug store poreh, upon which he paused, rapping hard at the door. In time a light appeared- though the window, showing candy jare and medicine bottles there dimly displayed behind the fretwork of frost, then a tardy hand unfastened the doer, a man's voice growling all the time on the other side of it. Brotherton slipped into a draggy aemos phere and shook hands with his rfd-headed, fat partner, who, acting as if tranced by sleep, relastened the door and took up a tin candle atick covered with stalagmites of ancient tallow.. -' Left your folks well s" "Yes, quite weZ. You didn't exent me to-night, did you?" - "Yes,'! -yawned the partner, "I've exn peoted you every night.' We never know when that hackwillget in any mere." " It broke into a slew this side of the Red Pump tavern," said Brotherton, "and I thought for a couple of hours we'd have to leave it there and ride the horses lo," " You look like you'd been pryinga hack ont of a slew," observed the partner lowering his candlestick toward Brotherton's muddied and frozen trowsers. " Well, old Vesuvius is red hot." • "Blessed be the devil that tends her fires," said Brotherton. "Now, Doe., now.," remonstrated the red headed mab, using the Western abbreviation, whish shears away a physician's dignity. - He piloted a trackbetwixt clustering chairs, left just as the town loafers were wont to leave them when breaking up daily and nightly court, to a stove at the rear of the store. Though muddy heel marks and the stains of many months showed uneleansed upon its cylinder uofaoes, it glowed like a red rose from within, and Brotherton threw off over coat, hat and gloves upon acounter and aban doned himself to its heat. In a secluded corner near the stove appeared the lounge-bed which his partner had just vacated. A simi lar lair in the opposite corner invited the doctor's weary bones after a thirty-mile jolt across the sweep of prairie wind. - "It argues well for our decency that -we retain a little bit of it when we baonk about so like dogs, don't it. Rlaish" ho observed with a laugh, using a village diminutive for Horatio which Hamlet in all-his musings never hit upon. "You're just back from them flesh-pots of luxury the preacher talks about," responded the druggist. "You'd turn up your nose stow on oysters cooked in the crn and e't out of the white mortar." •"No, I wouldn't," declared Brotherton, promptly. " "So if you've got some in the digging and want a single bite yourself, put on two cans to simmer." "Now, listen to that for extravagance," observed the partner, taking up the candle and going forward in the store. Then he knocked sawdust from a tin oblong, cut the top open with his pooketknife, and reached behind the ipecac jar for a bundle of crackers. Thecrackers he brought and spread open for Biotherton to munch at, while the can of oysters thawed and then began to.leak and sputter opon the stove. "Pepper and salt and a hunk of butter right up there in the white mortar," he sug gested. Brotherton himself. lifted the white mortar down and blew' a little duet off its rim. "Don't be so particular," urged Seecist. "I thought it might be tartar emetic," ex plained the doctor. "But you're too good a housekeeper to serve me that way, Secrist. Joust as I come back, too." "Well, now, Doe., tell the truth," urged the fat man, straething himself in a chair at the other side of the stove and glimmering at his friend through" half shut eyes. "When you come back from eivil-i.zation to a god. forsaken placeas like this, don't you think yan're making a fool of yourself ?" No, I don't," rejoined Brotherton. He was sitting on the counter beside his garments, and his long, strong legs dangled well toward the floor. "This is experience. I Ike experience, and I don't like banging by the eyelids. A man can be hardening himself here while he would collapse to nothing waiting for practice in a city. It io'nt such a god-forsaken place, either." "A row down at Peg-leg's whisky shop every Saturday night. Mud and alush up to your eyes in winter. -* Ague all fall." "That suite me," said Brotherton. Beorist eneered on: "Preaching only once a month in the eehool-house at early candle- lighting." "There isn't a (hristian in town that bears that privation better than you do," laughed the doctor. " O, I ain't saying the ruillanly gang in this neighborhood isn't good enough for me," chuckled the druggist. "I'msonly wondering how a fellow of your stamp can stand it." " What's happened now?" - "Nothing," replied the druggist briefly, as he went to a front counter and got a piece of wrapping paper for the purpose of lifhingthe hot ecan. "Here; hold your bowl." "Won't you have some yourself, Ruieh? The old tumbler will hold them if you give it a steam bath first." " No, I'd rather have some sleep." " "You're not going to bank down without telling me all the news e" "No," said the fat man, erowly. 'What news could we scare Ul, do you reekon, though, in the two weeks you've- been o - it you were asahing.sabout riuianl~ ngthro.h 1Bore haven't been any horse thieves a through?" . h. " . Serist uttered- a aegative grunt, sitting on t the side o his conch. c "I was only thinking of old Hiram Dixin." I "' No one has killed him ?.' " No, responded Secrit, witha dissatinfied I snuffle. t "I know it's your silent, ceaseless petition r that somebody will ill him," ahueled tie doctor,dipp~iag up his oysters from thb whit f mortar with a broken-handled powter spoon. I "Raishy, the'o are a comfoat in adversity. t YTo better have some." I 'fEverybody says he killed a man once," I continued Secrist, leaning forward and rest- . ing his arms on his knees. 'tReoy Stirling's hnsband and him went no£th' togethsr;and .1 Stirling never was seen alive afterwards." " Yes, I've heard you tellthatistoe a dozen times," siod ]rothertoh, applying himseoJ to s his soup with the zest at an hungry man. "Bat Ruoy doesn't believe-it. Stirling's body was found whole nnd untampered with at a hotel. Heart disease, congestion, a man's misuse of himself that fools don't knew how E to describe with a name. And it you men suspeeted Di~on why didn't you haul him up before the courts and investigate ?" "It was talked of," repliedSecriet, despond- t ently. "But he.had his explanations ready. I Old myn lizon'is smart." \- "iRuby's well, is she " - As Brotherton made this ith?irey he threw t a quick` side glance at his partner. " I thought I heard somebody knmels," said t the druggist, tunning his-head in his palm.s and liteaing. - The fire whispered. Without the Irosey t wind dwept over villege and wood and lost it- t self in the vastness ofthe prairie. 'here was I a sudden squsal and seampering in the wall I behind Brotherton. i "It's nothing. but that old rat," csid he. "Yoa'l let that old rat live to see his child ren's children to the last generation, Teoler you'll give him a button." " I wish somebody'd give me a button that'd make me sleep to-night," exolaimed the drug gist. "I ain't shut my syesincedesk." I "Yon wereso drowsy you ouoddhardly open the door," declared the doctor. "I was pretendin' to be easy on you, like," explained his partner, painfully. "'Jerome, I there has something happened tinee you went awey." - " " "What?" exelaimdm Brotherton, feeling his temples expand with large pulse beats. " it isn't anything about old-Hiram Dixon-or Ruby?" "Was you in downright earnest about her, Jerome ?" "I intend to marry her, that's all," an- i swered the doctor, antagonism coming to the front in his ftee. "Doe., Ruby's dead." " She isn't 1" exelaimed Brotherton, leap. o "Do ., she's dead." Automatically Brothertln rubbed his finger through the rings which his soup bowl made upon the counter. Ruby's delicate aquiline face, flushed the color of a blush rose, filled his vision: He did net believe it was now I clay white; that her innocent month was set 1 in death. He did not upbraid his partnerfor 1 suppressing the news. ' There were no means by .which Secrist could have reached him r more quickly unless he had driven out to meet the hack. Secrist's voice, proceeding in recital, grew ih volume open his ear. " "Blame old Hi Dixon's picture t He would have put her in the ground twelve h rs after if it hadn't been for her Aunt Ru-by Anid and the neighbbrs:" - " Brotheiten grated his nails againut the wooden counter. "Whoe didshe die?" - "A Friday morning five days io., ;I said yen ought to of been here all along," pro nouneid Secrist, impressively, gaoiie with commiseration at the -pallid young man. "They say it was likd this: She was playing with little Nate and toeting up a ball. When the ball went into the eir she was alive and well, and when it touched the floor she was a dead woman. Doe, the color didn't go out of" her cheeks and she stayed warm. They put her between feather beds, and all the other doctors in town tried their best to bring her to,.but it wasn't no nso. I don't believe they -knew what it was." "She hasn't been-? " denbnded Broth erton quickly, coming forward afid setting his foot on the pedestal of the stove. The boot leather smoked, and he watched it as if his hopes wore exhaling in the smoke. "No, not yet. Int old Hiram Dixon says he won't keep her any longer than early to morrow forenoon. He say's he Ilmpt her longer now than anybodyy ever was kept in Millport." " He won't have a funeral while there's the slightest doubt." "No, he won't have any mres funeral than he can help. He'll just pop her in the ground and be done with it. He's helping dig the grave to-night to save expense, and a nice easy job they have ci it the way the ground's froze. The women say hbe got the cheapest coffin that could be bought," continued Secrist, droppinghis facts like pebbles into Brother ton's boding mind. "Ruby's boy will come into his hands now. And by the time that boy is 21 years old, if Hiram Dixon hasn't the rest of Stirling's procerty besides what disappeared when Stirling died, then I ain't acquainted with Hiram Dixon. It's most all in land, and'easy to trustea out of the hands of a minor heir. I'll go up with you, Doe." " No, you go to bed and sleep," replied the doctor, who having muffled himself, was changing medicines in his pill bags for others oenthe shelves. "I'll go up with you," said the fat man, bringing forth his own garments. "You'll have a tussle with old Hiram. It he'sdog her grave and she isn's dead he'll bury h· any. how." - The wind blew out of the north lte mobile and invisible ice. Secrist tiedshis redl woollen comforter in another knot under his chin. Before some houses lay a narrow, frosty board as causeway, and' aeass this they walked singly to avoid the rough, frozen mud. A hut of logs, opening by a latch-string, and a weather- boarded domicile, with the door at therear, were closeneighbotir. There were two or threebrickhoues oe some pret?meiono, inclosed by. palings, and a barred and silent general store, which in daylight diviled patroonge' with "one at the other end of .the village. On -rising gropnd stood the tavern; a halting place where :the traveller might brace himself for the bleak ride nocthward. How many a cutting day had Brotherton taken to that narrow road in his jumper,;his horseibresasting an i?atirred ocean of snow.. Then, however; he carried cosy, warm thoughts within his wraps and infres, which kiept him exhilarated. Tonight the north road was the bleakest track he had ever seen, Waundore?re. on the prairie would be sure to perish; or, should they eseape, Swhat cemfort could they find in tomorrow, anyhow? Oppbsito the tavern, acros a small ravine, and upoli a hill stood the largest house in the town- A road curved around it and crawled down into the dark wo~d. It was, however, the meaneitlookieg hense in the town, its pica only emphasizing itadiflapidatiep. -The boar tfrat tried vainly to ornament with sil ver platig certain anient egarmehte bulin through brelen panes, th eraay.s ahe ra d, andloose, anplantedweather-boeiding olclp'd ei so2.d the dt?o-r, waitnLg Cu.r a.i?d. sion befdor steps on hiwch they dare not I stand bnth at once, heard the :windhoawtvn s tlirsugh this hollow mansion as if its vacant chambers were built only for that purose. t Brotherton's abhief wish hadbeen? tke Ruby, I out of this place into a. home of his owns 1 miking. She was etill so much a litle girl that he neaerealized her widowlhocd on het r maturity. Her child -eemed a young brother I whom he would adOpt 3for love other.,I~It forever muzzled him that' a creature lhke Ruby, naturally refined and alive.to oevery. thib beautiful; should be east in her lot and bocnil to the people who hold hlier. 'ht heredity obhish gave dark-eyed dauiglters with olildish hands and feet and living esonl to sors. Dixon'a li.k c~ild not be accoiunted for iy medical science. 'rs. Dixon wr?aes till afoot ane let -the 1 young men into het unfurnished hell. Naked 1 stair-.tspe and gaunt 'bannisters, aghinsti which thsir ehadows were thrown by the moon, seemed to welcomc them as congenial I ghosts. One dissouinr?ad candle borned in the c square room where mos?t of the living was done, and where dying was to be coneum- a mated; for there in the corner stood .the marble-like oblong of sheets stretched over the tops of chairs, esncealing what was held beneath them upon the cooling board. I Near by, also upheld by two chairs, ; waited a black coffin, bulging near the head, but narrowing towards the foot. A s strong shudder darted through the dootor at a this sight, which munt have been so common If to hlam. Two o5ler women were watching with Ruby. One of them, the landlady of t the tavern, came forward. to- meet her two 1 boarders, andashook hands with the doctor. t Sfis was capable and portly, and talked in a hoarse whisper. Bsing thedead girl's Aunt fauby Ann, eho was there to command. Mrs. Dixon Eat down in a remote earner with heronn.bonnet ovcr her o5fs. She wam a tvy thai creature, having estico garments which hung upon her. The contemporary world seldom caught her features on account I of this immovable seibonnst, and it was be hieved she would dii withut navineg ever fully shown her face. She was notdeaf, yet I when she made one of her scant remarks she shouted it, and people shouted to her in re turn. The major part of her tlime was koidently spent in meditation, and Having HIiram Dixon for her second husband was deemed a' eamlient xcouse for tle. - Anat Ruby Ann put a epIint-bottomed chair and the one raocker before a looted and I c.r.v-like firplace where some green liecks I were weepine upon rusty fir.-doge. The docter set his pill-bhags and hat upon tho eplint-bottoned chair, and the landlady understanding him, took up the candle. During their'enferenee her voice never rose bsero the hoarse whisper proper to the ccasion. - "Did you git word?" she inquired. "?ot until Secrist told me, atter I get out of the hackl." "I am glad you're on hand, for he's r'arin' around to bury her whether or no." She cast a look of contempt at her sister who-could keep a husband in no better subjention than Hiram Dixon was kept. "I give her up, and then agin' I go and try once more with feathers under her nose and a looking glass held to her mouth. I can mighty near see a dimness en the glasse, and yet I ain't sure of that, neither." - Seeing that Brotherton did not lift the cor ner of the sheet-sreophgus,-Anut Ruby Ann raised it herself, exposing littti tRoby by the yellow tongue of the candle. Shtfins were just passing out of auss then, so Ruby was clad in her best dress of thin, black silk, the sleeves flowing away from her' olbows and leaving her arms protected by muslin nader eloweve. A bro-d collar of needlework was turned down well towards her shbidders and fastened at her throat lb a mghty brown und white onmeo pin. Her delicate face was not yet pinched or sucaken, its unusual whiteness seeming merely to deepen the darkness of her hair. The minute blue tracery of her eyelid vains and the network on her temples caught the gaze oa one who esutied her. A suglestion of0 colour like auroral light sp. peared upon her lips and cheeks. " She looke nat'ral, don't ene, Doeo ' whis pored tie landlady with emphatio hoarset ness. "Tes," replied Brotberton, getting down rupon his lucee and applying his ear tb her chest end hear " She didn't say which nor t'ether, but down she tumbled," shouted frs., Dixon from her corner, turninig the mouth of her sun bonnet upward from a traned of meditation. and having discharged this coversational ball she again lowered its mezle. Brotherton and the landlady held a con ference which ended in much tramuling on the naked floer and some ehifting of the mean furniture, at which his partner and the neighbour assisted. Mrs. Dixon oat silent, and saw her dabghter's body trasnfersed toea table, with a pail of. water be?ide it, and the doctor's moracco Dose of instrumente glitter ing beneath.the feeble candle light. Storist poked the fire and kept his fade strictly ehimnoyward. At the table long pauses alternated with whispers and changes of posiion. Water occasionally dripped on the floor. Mrs. Dixon could behold frotherton's haggand ex presoion, and the quick ge~"tnro with which the back Ed his hand rubbed moisture from his forehead. " Three doctor; has giva her up," she shouted, and again dropped her nsunbonnet monuth, leaing the fact to hit its mark. - Theos was a clock screwed to the wall, with pineapple 5baped weights haaging by chains.' ft had the piteous air of dragging it oewn viscera, and was altogether sueh an incom pleta clock as the master of ouch a house mi"ht desire; but its iron hnnds kept pace witý time, and they indicated that Brother-' ton had been experimenting more than an hour' when the pat of naked feet became irregularly distinct on the naked stsirs, and the sitinrg-room door was thrown open so wide as to bamp against Mr. Dixon's hnees. "What did you git up-for, Nate?" whis pered'the landlady, meeting him and lifing him to sit on the earve of her arm. The child was in a linsey dress, under which scant drap ing h cuddled his les, while he searched tha g?roup-around the table sith large, dark eye and hsgan to whimper. . " Her and Nate was teesin' the hallft?thetr and siegin' Lord Lerel," ahouted Mrs. Iixonc She bent her sunbonneted head once more nnd sat motionless, as if waiting to be re loaded. The'landlady gurnmd her face from the table and carried him aronnd to the doctor. "Hew.dO youdos Nate?. esid Brotherton, taking one of his ague-tinted claws and kies ing it. "I want my maw, wept anout Nate, putting up his trembling under-lip; "Cal.:her,"a said Brotherton, takiog the. child upon hin own amm-.... ... " Maw, O, maw I". called. Nate." '0, I'm: afraid upstaira alone. Hake heiwakes, Docker 3'uttertone ." - \- The oung man moved none of .lTby'e "If you can't rons hei, Nate,-she's beyondi the, res?? of love and deJpali.: Call her "Dooe., ine. !lrenionsnfated tide laddlady. ".ityOU et;hinm:. totaeino. enwso:nsver will asit im 'eaefed.agan.' ; -;. ... "Add out of her borom grew a ed, red ro?e, and out of his'n'grow a bcar," ehouted MrsA. Dixop. Her knos bhing ao theatenec It was aold mnii who eame i.; le aeit the glare to lune goggles upon the tabba Ii h iron grey heir met with iron-gr.y b?eagi ope his dhekiboneneg ned formed a tiaggy uiS? ?i reaching his shoulders. As it tsn, ra:' rnA mtny- ensons' wear ehd not done their roesrft for his sanient and ill-favoured olithiia, be was freshly 'glard with froanei Tod stein,-_ and his dark paws were yelluwed by *olt gQuite to the frayed Cel t asleeve lhailing Isd ' door eo that a'rtEpomsivo haddtr re'stherogh " the whole-houn;, he desanoldd at eac:: ' " Who's anmeddhin' with that corrbgeo?' "'The toile 'of Illinois," replied ?sioe feom-the flre place " The ftate of IlInoiscaan fge out it say house then,'"eaid the old man, vsgi-a his hoary haig."' I don' hkep a mecealaicodl; ." ".Hiram Dixo?," seok ouat the landrady, ,i ain't 'youi wilin' every myons n o?el-'i o fried to ee if life's left in Inrhy T' - "I am," Esiad te dragEit, "axdI'm t'e . eonstsbla.", " Tenu cn't bury hge to-merrow, Mr Dkoa," said Brotherioa. -'"I am not seedy topio nounes'her dead." 'I'llI bury her to- morroww as cre as to cuf risen," said old Hiaifn Dixon. "And I knowed you couldn't tell a dead weomn frtos a live one." He camcs forward in lob usual stoopoe ant stilened posture, and Rate, wth o er arm around the doctor's nmek, wathbed hiln fear "I'l bury her to-morrow, and i'll fasten bho up in her eofin now," to btep meddlers out. And I'll set on it the relt of trse time, if no. - thing els?'ll do." "Hiram Dixon, are you psoaseeed?" eictd out Iluby's aunt. !' Let him alone," cald the droctor, ihitening through his lips, " only ere that tia's mnoved decently." "-ce youear dirty, elayey hands ffi, then," dictated the landlady, "and lot Sdeke?s ren Doe. Smith's wie and me pt hoe ia." " They groew and they crew to the church steeplo top, and there they ocl'3o' got 1: higher," Ehouted Mir. *Dixon, aiming her quotation at the coiling over the he-as of her discordant inmates. Whan-ter emotion che felt at seeing her daughter's body placed in its low receptaelo wans concealed witbhia thn muzzle of tie uenbonnat and made aso e-* ploeive escape. ".New Ihope you'ro etihdr?," said Atinr lacy Ann to the old man, leginzing to weep and wring her noes bst-wen her thumb I sad one finger, when the last --siaing fold of Iaby's drapery was Iaid crsaigt. "H they've all, even to Dec. Brotleehten, gira her a,, I s'po?e I' have to." . "I'll be nsatidied wihe tco rern-d "s v to place," replied Hiram Disae, fit.tig ano lid wHh such callous enetnctc.e tht - she felt hersslf impelled to add with biting :nsure : ';I believe you'd like to have Žate in ther, too," The old man looked up; end hise Faraeoles in the di-m .light seemed to flame Iilo wolf eyes. eno was cxr?spated to a point ?yond his endurance; and Note's Im??y dresj wes within easy reach. One of the boy's bare fet clenched a round of the chair which anuported Ruby's heaed, an he lifted himself up to look down at her. - " I'll put hiofin," st'i cad Hiram, grabbing the boy, and instantly the shingles on the roof seemed rent by N hte's nhiisk to his mother. S~'Er mufflad sound mingled with the noise he made, and the roctor tving firdt to m?-ach birn wis the fire to se H'a ey'a upen eyce. - He was holding lher child undcr one of hbi arms and lifting her bead uwith lth eher, when Mirs. Dixon fired off the conclasicn of that dotgeral ballad writ whbie her mini he's teesoe heavdy eh rgod h bItby"' kt repea tition of t : "And there they entwirnd in a tralovor's knot for all trus lovers to sarmire, ',ine, 'mite; for all tr.e lovers to admire." "Treadliot, of Ihuby Stirling's tran' still lingar about hl-Iporl . You r.ay ye' hea? r ho-s she tried to more, but conld not; hobe B otherton lnt Hirm Di-:on. d his v-x a in Idesr to test the efifet of a shosa', 'nad howe hi took. her away ialter eir arriago keei ingS Hiram Dixon cuterly remo?- frot hsi:mell and her Eon thenucfdwari. A high school building to-day ocup:iss the hill where the old houl s b tod,'arl RtIby'S unpl"asse- etep'?athr hao lain for yarwreae. locked and grass-bundl, in tiel onuter'wn grave-yard, his wsif--pre.iemably .ih liaher suan bonnet evenr how 'yes-1-'side him. 'i.e railroad and telephone conna'c Milloort with all the world, and.the tona can hardly be lieVO EIbh ta eS told Of its eariy you-. 