A GIRL IN A THOUSAND. BY JEAN MXDDLEMASS, Anthor of" Lady Muriel's .-ecret," "The Spide and the Fly," "Poisoned Arrows," "Wild Georgie," <fec., <tc. CHAPTER XV. FOB CON SCIENCE 8AKE. The dinner in Eaton-bquare, after Simon Knight's departure, was a very silent one Both Geoffrey and Irene saw that some subject of a serious nature was engrossing the attention rf their father and mother: and as, f.f.M. . i.it tijey. themselves knew, they bel:; \cJ it to be Ferdinand's delinquencies, they had too much tact to rush with small eocial babbling on to ground which was evidently appropriated by far graver interests. Old Marks, however, at last took himself off : for good, to carry consternation into the housekeeper's room by informing Mrs. Purvis that "the master looked as black as thunder, and if eome one isn't going to catch it all round, well, he hadn't lived ten years in the Stanhope family." " Of course the some one was Ferdinand," Mrs. Purvis decided. She was so accustomed to his being treated as the black sheep that she could not believe any one else would be likely to come in for a share of the master's auger. " Thoueh Mr. Geoffrey deserves it quite as much as Ferdinand" Purvis has long since decided. "She would just go upstairs and listen," she thought; "now the servants had left the room it was pretty sure some word would be let drop." The desert, however, was well nigh as silent as the dinner had been, and Purvis was beginning to think that the dining-room must be already vacated, when the door opened so 'suddenly that she had only time to catch up a' dish which had been forgotten, and which it certainly was not her duty to remove, and mutter something about " them 'feather-headed men' who never remembered nothing," when Mr. Stanhope strode out of the dining-room and passed her without teeming to notice that she was there. " Law!"_ she said to herself while she made off down the kitchen stairs as fast as she could, "if the master don't look as if he]d seen a ghost. There'll be a change in this yere house afore long, and 'praps me and Marks 'ill be cast out to do as best we can in the wide world. There's always a death when folks looks as the master doss tonight. He's gone into that study, too, and left her laiyship at the table." Another moment and the slamming of the street door brought Pur vis's astonishment to a sort of climax, for Mr. Stanhope was not in the habit of going ,out in the evening^ bat that he had gone out, now she was very certain. Meantime,, the trio who had been left in the dining-room Beemed in no hurry to leave it.' It had ever been one of Lady Fedora's .rules with her children~ to abstain as much as possible from secrets, and as, between Geoffrey and Irene, she did not think that anjexisted, It was not her desire to make one if she could possibly avoid it. Irene gave ber a an opening to begin the conversation by saying," How dreadfully ill , looks this evening. Has anything awful appene'd'?" Lady Fedora stated briefly and practically as much as she judged it expedient that they should both knojv of Ferdinand'^ shortcomings, and theii made a pause as though waiting for an answer. But no asswer.came; Geoffrey sat with his head down, playing with his waistcoat buttons; Irene, with a mixture of horror and wonder on her face, was watching Geoffrey; yet neither Prince Sergius nor Simon Knight' had been' mentioned. Lady Fedora was puzzled; She could not understand that a statement "which showed that some thousands would be required to free the family from the disgrace of Ferdinand's perpetual gambling shortcomings (should be.met with so much seeming apathy. It must be her own fault, she decided; she muBt put the matter a little more forcibly. " He has given bills to the extent of nearly a thousand pounds," she said, " and some one to whom we don't wish to be under an obligation has backed these bills." " Indeed ! Who has been fool enough V' asked Geoffrey at last. " Geoffrey, pray don't speak in that tone. Remember, notwithstanding his faults, Ferdinand is your brother ; he mast be helped. The individual who has kindly come forward is Prince Sergius." Irene became as red as a psony, and Geoffrey burst out laughing. No fitter man," he said, " rich and anxious to please. If he would carry Ferdinand off to Siberia and remain there to see he did his duty, we should be killing two evil-omened birds with one stone." "Geoffrey!" And botli the ladies in different tones uttered his name together. Nothing daunted, however, by their seeming displeasure, he got up and began to walk about the room. There was a good deal of decision of character about Geoffrey, notwithstanding his rather effeminate appearance and frequently almost lethargic insoa ciance. The fact is, he lived to a great extent in a world of his own creating, leaving the practical exigencies of life to bs worked out by Us father, who had hitherto left him completely outside the pale of his private affairs. Once admitted there, there was little doubt but Geoffrey would act with an amount of worldly acumen for which perhaps neither of his parents gave him credit. He had a sort of instinctive idea that Lady Fedora had some purpose in speaking of Ferdinand's shortcomings, a subject which she had never broached before, and he at once resolved to receive the confidence with care. to Dhilandering full well." , , Lady Fedora was aghast; this was a fresh complication for which she was not prepared. She resolved, however, not to appear as if she were taken aback. "I am sorry you do not like Prince Sergius," she replied very quietly, "but I ascribe your dislike to mere English prejudice against foreigners, which in these days, when steam and electricity bring us all so closely together, you should, my dear boy, learn to surmount." Geoffrey shrugged his shoulders rather irritably, but thisLady Fedora did not wish to perceive and went on: " It is not, however, of Prince Sergius that I would talk to for all our sakes he has been struggling more than either of you children can dream of to keep annoyance, indeed dishonour, from our door. He can do no more ; every acre Of his estates is mortgaged; he absolutely cannot raise this money for Ferdinand unless 1 '— and once more she stopped, as though hoping that an offer would be made which would prevent her from having to ask a favour from tier Bon. Pleading wife and mother, she was doomed to disappointment, for Geoffrey interrupted rather es " This is the first time, mother, that my father's affairs have ever been discussed with me. I have never, therefore, considered that 1 had any right to give an opinion about them; now you have given me that right I will do so freely. I have naturally known more of what has been going on than perhaps you even know yourself, and I say now without fliuching that it has scarcely met with my approval." "Geoffrev, you have ventured to condemn your father, a father who has had so much care and thought for you all." "Yes, mother, I do dare for conscience sake. For years now we have not had the ready money to live as we have been living. Then why make the effort ? Is not doing so a cheat and a fraud ? Ought we not to have retrenched, and by boldly showing the world we were honest, should we not have gained commendation rather than blame ?" ( To be continued. J 