BISHOP REYNOLDS AT PORT AUGUSTA. On Friday, July 24, his lordship, attended by Dean Kevin and Fathers Doyle and O'Donnell, paid a visit in the forenoon to the school in charge of the Sisters of St. Joseph. When he had -ante-red the ediildt-cn in full chorus sang a song of hearty welcome to the bishop, who having thanked them for their affectionate gre*eting complimented them on their efficiency in singing, *neniarking that their clear voices i—(heated the wlnolesomeness of tbe place where they were living. He carefully inspected their copy books and exercises, and expressed hiui-clf well pleased with what he had en-en. He con gratulated them on the good report he had he-aid of them from the dean, on their regular attendruice at school, on their progress in le— n ing, and hoped the day was not far distant when he would come among therm again to lay tbe foundation-stone of a new school. In the afternoon the bishop, accompanied by tlic dean, paid a vL- it to the hospital. H*r went through all the wards, -zonve-Qiiug individually with each of the patients, ex pressing his sympathy with tliem and impart ing com-oUtionby tbe kindne3£s and tendemesa of his words. When about to leave his lordship gave a written report, in which he spoke irery favorably of tbe a eaaness, n*satne6s, order, aud good management of the eastabb—i ment, and eaid great praise was dne to all those con nected with it. On Sunday, the 26th instant, he held tbe usual visitation and celebrated the early mass, at which a large number receive! Holy Communion. At 11 o'clock the bishop, robed in full pontificals, attended by Dean Kevin and Fathers Doyle and O'Donnell, pre ceded by the altar boys, made his eritranceinto the sancttianr. The bishop being seated on the throne prepared for the occasion, Father (]l'Donntllajrelebrated mass, "Coram Kpissopo." At tbe *s*nd of the first gospel his lordship at-cended the altar, and having read the epistle and gospel for the ninth Sunday after Pec itecxat, d-alivc-red one of those ?aloquent and impressivs sermons for which be has obtained a distinguished name. It was indeed a dissour-ie that went to Uie hearts of all those who were present, and one that will be long renlenabered for the era-tw-stne*— and freedom with which the ruling noes of the -ometeentfa cj-entury were so clearly described and severely condemned. At the end of the sermon tiie bishop briefly explain-ad the -seremony of ble—sing the bell for AU Saints' Church. He said it was tha (Ji—tom of the church to bless all things, whether animate or inanimate, used in the service of God, making them subservient to Him who crreated them. The children in the fiery furnace called upon "all the works of the Loro, to bless the Lord, to praise and extol Him for ever;" and David tells us to " prairie Him with sound of trumpet, to praise Him with psaltery and harp, to praise Him with timbrels and choir, with strings and organs, and with high-sou-ading cym bals." — Psalm 150. Thus would tins b?Il he was -going to bless be used as an instru ment to praise and bless God. Its sweet tones moniing, noon, and night would remind them of the heavenly message of peace which the Archangel Gabriel brought from the throne of God to the humble cottage of the spatl--ss virgin of Nazareth when it was announced to ber that she was to become mother of the *' Word made flesh." It would call them to assist&t; the holy sacrifice of the mass in which Jesus Christ is offered as a victim to his heavenly Father for the living and the dead. It would warn tliem of tbe death of any mem ber eif the cejiigregjiti'm when its muffltrd tones would peal forth in accents of grief that another had departed tlii< life, and would iT.-u.iud them, tuo, that they uiu-it at sumo future time pass away like the (mond it gave forth. The cereniony of blessing titan com ?nenced, the bishop and priests chant ing alternately the i?alms presented. Ilicn came the washing and aui.iut inp- of tl:c bell, and tho perfuming thereof by* the bnming- of thyme, frankincense, and myr-rh. The cereniony beinf* over, the bishop tolled the bell for the first time, reciting the " Atipelus," in which he was joined by the congregatiiin. The bell was made at the cele brated foundry of Mr. Murphy, Dublin, and was purchased at a cost of nearly £100. It bears the emblems of the harp and shamrock, and the inscription "Sancta Maria et omnes Sancti intercedant pro nobis" — Mary, holy Mary, and all the saints pray for us. Its weight is 12½ cwt., its diameter is 3 feet 4 inches in the widest part, and its tone is in G natural. Its elevated position and its closeness to the waters of Spencer's Gulf will convey its sound to a con siderable distance, which will be greatly appreciated by the inhabitants of the port and the neighboring settlements. At 3 o'clock the candidates for con fun—tion, numbe-ring- fifty-four, assembled in the church. The rosary was recited as a prc*|*aration for the Holy Sacrament tliey were about to recoiye. The bishop then gave the usual inrtrnctiiins and i*igorou?ily err—mined them in Christian doctrine. The answertnfr w—? indeed very creditable to the children and to the good sisters who took so much pains to -instract them. Immediately before confirmation the choir beautifully rendered the bj*nin—"Come, Holy Ghost, *-a?nd down those laeams," at the *and of which the bii-l:op administejreil the .Sacratiient. Thi* being done, he spoke forcibly aerainst tbe pre vailing -in of drunkenness, ana asked thole confirmed if they were willing to bsoenne mem bers e.f the "Leagne of the Ci- o-rs." Al! bavin-* answered in the affirmative, the bish'*p prr? ne,nnced the form of words, which tliey all tv peated, promisin? total abstinence f mm all in toxicatir-gdrinkuntiithey-cr.iiii.l, tethcirtwenty first year. At 7 o'clock the bishop attended a-i heretofore described, jrave v-rsp?rs, and blessed a new and beautiful r-tatue uf llip blessa-d virgin and cliiid. Father e )'i ?i-nnc-!I thru asce-ruded the altar, and preach.-l a sermon appropriate to the occasion. The bi.-hop having given benediction, all re. tunicrd to tiie vcstiy. Titus ciilisl the religious services of the day, and thus iva.s bu.ught to a close the bishop's visitation nf the northern portion of his vast di-icese. His l.ird s-hip's tour through the noi-fh was one of great iixvccfn, far ex?-eding' his itrni eYjiectretinns and those in whose care the district is placed. He left with the best ivishesof all his |>e<aplci-i! jMn?day, 27th inst., and went to Torowie t. give* ci.iilim.atiiau tiiere 1.11 the following nru-n -"'g. 