THE MINERAL MUSHROOM. I have been the innocent and unconscious cause of a mild npi-oar in that scientific body, the Royal Society of South Australia. So you perceive I have been at it a« ain 1 This episode in the scientific history of " our rich and prosperous country," occur red in this wise. During a long sojourn in the East, I had imbibed and fostered a taste, which grew and wax d into an inor dinate passion, for — Omelettes ! From this one sentence, you will have learned by induction, that I am about to dwell on some chemical experim: nts under the head of cookery. Yes, I have actuallyattempt- ed to bring back some glow of Eastern life into the shadows of my lonely, ermetic abode, by the composition of an omelette ; and one which the late Edgar A. Poe would enthusiastically have styled " La 77/M/UG //a w T Vi n rrn n n receipt, and had never seen one made, though I have devoured some hundred hecatombs of them — more or less of course. I looked into an old fragment of Walker's dictionary, but that did not aid me. I consulted a volume of Lord Ba on's " Sylva," " Novum Organon." and " De Augmentis Scientiarum," with a like re sult ; and, finally, I fell back on my own resources. Taking no less than six eggs, I beat them up, shells and all (that's the proper way to beat eggs) in a cracked jug. Then I carefully strained the shells off; then I chopped a huge onion into minute particles, and dashed them into the eggs ; added about an ounce of cayenne pepper, in lieu of green chilis ; then a pinch of salt, and surveyed my labours with intense and gloomy admiration, wondering what the three Roman Apicii would have said upon the matter. But how in the world was I to cook it % I couldn't boil it in a bag, a la plum-pudding, for it was only a thickened liquid, a mere batter, after all ; and it looked a queer object to put in a frying-pan — a veritable yellow sea, with a vast archipelago of onion slices, to which Virgil's line would not apply at all — ' Rari apparent nantes, in gurgite vaste !" In this lamentable dilemma, I pathetically m voiced tne wnole or tne nine Muses to aid me, and it must have been a tenth one that answered. She whispered to me to thicken it with flour ; but my soul recoiled, as it were, from the idea, for I was doubtful whether it would be de trop or not. I finally adopted the whisper however, and canted the lot, still little more than a thick batter, into a large fry ing-pan. The fire was fiercely hot, but I left it — the " omelette " — alone in its glory, whilst I got a huge dinner plate ready to receive it in state. A curious, double-compound smell suddenly saluted my nostrils, and as I rushed back to the scene of operations, an equally double-com pound smoke saluted my eyes. The omelette was evidently burning 1 Seizing a large pewter spoon, I stirred the smok ing mass savagely, with red face and tear ful eyes, the "omelette" gathering and shrinking up into all sorts of shapes and colours. Then, some mysterious bright spots appeared like molten silver, gather ing in number and strength and brilliancy every stir I made. I was rather puzzled, at first, but a look at the spoon opened my eyes, both literally and metaphorically. The entiiv? head of that article was miss ing. In a word, it had melted away ; the bottom of the pan was nearly red hot, and even the tin, also melted, was rushing about, in a wild state of excitement. I took off the pan, still stirring desperately with the stump of the spoon ; but it was no use ; my beautiful omelette was "dished" — nob liteially, but metaphoric ally. When it became cool, it presented an extraordinary sight. A hnge mass of yellow, brown, and black, studded with brilliant stars. " Slowly and sadly I laid it down," and rolled it about and pulled it, till it looked like a bedgs-hog afflicted with a very serious attack of leprosy. Finally, I flung it in some grass, under a bush, and banished it from my mind. Alas 1 it was only for a time. A week after, a man leading a saddle- horse, knocked at the door, which I open ed. " Look here, mister," he began with out saying even good morning. " I've just found a queer thing out yonder " — -jerking his thumb over his shoulder. " It's a sort o' mushroow, I'm a thinkin' " — and he held it up to me in the palm of his extend ed hand, my own unfortunate omelette, changed, like the ghost of Hector, from its former identity. It was densely covered with that fine, thin, dense and blnish mi croscopic forest, which we often see on mouldy vegetable decay. The silver specks still shone brilliantly through the microscopic forest, and a spirit of mischief took possession of me. " I never seed a mushroom like that afore," he continued. " No ; nor any one else, either," I re plied, with a grin. " You have certainly discovered a rare curiosity and I took it closely in my hand. " Wot d'ye think et is 1" he said. "It is certainly a Fungus," I replied. " A species of mushroon, as you say." " B'it ow did et grow " he asked.- " Et haiut got no stem." " Oh, it belongs to the instamenoria pxtfforia order of fungoids, which have no stems— like the mistletoe, or air plant." " Oli 1 I see," he remarked. " But wot are them bright specks like silver 1" " It is silver I answered. " You see it imbibes the silver from the atmosphere. We live in a sea of silver, and very few know it. I quite envy you your luck. The Adelaide Museum would be elated at such an acquisition. I shall be on the look out for more of them, day and night, for it is that exceedingly rare species, the mineral mushroom !" (I didn't tell him there must be silver in the locality, for he would have pitched his tent at once.) " You doant say so 1" he exclaimed opening his eyes. "Wot 'ad I better do with it 1" " Well, I'll tell you," I said ; "but take my advice, and don't breathe a word of it to any one alive. Do you take it care- fully into the Burra. You 11 get a nice box (with a picture on the lid of it) at Messrs H asking's or Drew's. Get one with a picture of a pretty girl on it. Then go quietly to Wilkinson's and get some fine cotton wool ; pack up the mushroom very carefully, and ad Iress it to Professor Tate of the Royal Society — Field Natural ists' seetion. Make the Professor a spon taneous gift of it. He will be most highly delighted, and three days after he gets it, your name will be wired over the whole sarface of the globe, as the finder of this rare mineral plant. By the way, what fa your name 1" " My name's Winterbottora. I'll send it — make em a present of et ef yon will write the note for me. I ain't much at the pen." " Oh ! I'll do that gladly," I said. " Sit J ) Cf . L i. .1 A 1 J nuwii, ou ue «a.u uuwu near me aoor, holding the bridle of the horse over his arm, while he carefully wrapped the " mushroom " in a silk handkerchief. I wrote a most elaborate and glowing note to Professor Tate and the members of the Field Naturalists' section of the Royal Society, and signed it, as my friend re quested, William Winterbottom," in a bold, plain band. " But you would like an answer," I sug gested. " Can you give an address ?" " Well, you see," he said, "I'm goin' back to Queensland, but I'll .make it a pint to stay at Terowie for a week or ten days a purpose. Tell 'era to write 3harp to Terowie." So I added a postcript, de siring the Professor and the Royal Society to write back " sharp " to the discoverer at Terowie. " Now," I continued, "it will be only right that your name should be immortal ized in connection with this remarkable mushroom. I'll write a label, and mind you pin it nicely to the article — no, lay it on the wool; but don't you breathe a word to Messrs Wilkinson, or Hosking, or Drew, or they'll have a pick-and shovel army out here to-morrow morning hunting for 'speckled' mushrooms, and I shall have no peace left !" " No fear ! said my new scientific friend so I carefully printed on an embossed card which I had by me, the following le gend " Fungus, ingentissimus et mirahilis, Australis G-ulielmi Winterhottomii, macu losa atgue speculosa mineralibus World's Endibus. Ad Professor em Tatem." Everything being thus carefully con sidered, I gave my friend , the note and the embossed label, which I had done up between two old book-covers, to keep them clean and flat, and when he had mounted his horse I handed him the Fungus mirahilis. I wished him joy, and he rode away rejoicingly, my last words yell ed out to him at some distance being — " Don't you let Wilkinson know what you want the cotton wool for. Tell him you wife's got the toothache, or neuralgia, or tic doloreux." "I hain't got no wife I" he bawled back. . „ " Well, your sweetheart, then. And don't you foiget to place the label careful ly over the cotton." " You bet 1" was wafted to me, in boat swain's accents over his shoulder, on the breeze, and that's the last I saw of this celebrated " mushroom." A fortnight after, a man coming down with sheep, stopped and handed me with a surprising grin, a dirty, crumpled letter without an envelope, aatea at xerowie, ana this is what it said, or, rather what the dreadful scrawl written said : " Hang yew an' ure ole mushroon an' the Ryle Sez eye tea sez im a hoe axe, an eel put mee in a gale ef ee keches mee wen i cum bak ile brek ure uggly nek yew bet yew darn fuel yew no3e hoo i ham So Ink oute W. W." I inferred from tois precious epistle that Professor Tate and the " Ryle Sez eye tea "did not receive Mr Winterbottora's free gift with enthusiastic cheers. . I sent the letter to the Education Department, as an' interesting contribution to their Model Schools, for a grammatical exercise. Meantime, I made a parsing lesson of it for a class myself. The girls giggled a little at the " ile brek ure uggly nek yew darn fuel," but on the whole it is one of the best sentences for parsing I ever met with ; since it contains every requisite, either for Dr. MorelL's system or that of Lindlev Murrav.— -Burra Record. Use nothing but Genuine American Hop Bit ters, with a cluster of Green Hops on the whita label, and Dr. Soule's name blown in the glass. Trust nothing else. Druggists and Chemists are warned against dealing in imitations or coun terfeits. Mr. Rusk in says " What was beautiful yesterday is beautiful to- day." There are exceptions, Mr. Ruskin. A young man who took his best girl to the theatre one night thought she was the personification o£ beauty. Next day he made an early call, and found lier attired in a faded calico dress, dilapidated slippers, and her own hair, and — well — The greater longevity of women, as com pared with that of men, appears to he well borne out by tho statistics of every country that have yet been examined. This shows that, after all, it is not tight dresses, heavy skirts, and thin shoos that kill. It is paying for them.. 