AFTER DEATH. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TASMANIAN NEWS. Sir,—l wish to say a few words in roply to a letter signed ” Clcjtueut,” published in your issue of 2Slh ult. 1. I feel 1with ** Clement ” how, widely iutellectual-andlieayt-nnrcst1oii ibis subject fills tuen’s iujn'ds. I ask.no man to take my opinions, hilt , ■'free from all ecclesiastical nnfi denominational teste, to enquire and think for himself. And if lean helpa truth-auekeinot to skip hut to grapple successfully with the causoof his unrest, my purposeis gained. 2.-1 believo man’s character "after deith is unalterable.. There are three kinds of naturalluivs—tbe physical, the organic^ aud the.moral. There is (space wifl not permit jllustratious) in Oie domain of natural physical law, anu natural or- *c law, 6uch a thing as its being for too Into to rneud. 1bit then f‘ \vorthless” reasoning to say that itiB prohabio— ! more than probable—that there is such thing binder natural moral law j1 $}. ,pc "Witte; Juliils,'Muller, Dormer, Milton, idhakeBpcare, and Carlylo were quoted to show thntcheractor, whether good or bad, fihtfsto in Oral permanence—not thuVit must Am -unalterable,” but tliat it tends to It. A 'tree grows to tbc Light; as it grotvs it leans, and as it leaua it falls, and as it falls it lies. 4. ,f Are human spirits out of tho body.less capable of redemption than?” etc. Are they more capuble ? It is.uot-a •question of capacity hut of willingness. Mon hero know the way but will uot pome. Have the light but lovo darkness, j Will pnniehmont aud fellowship ' with! evil —only evil—after death be ) more helpful to the inauuuiitted i&pirit; than all , the gracious helps we have her* f *0. Can n man’s death1alter the character and power of ft grheioue GodP” etc. .No. Certainly not. It; need not—for man!s wilfulne&s; here limits the saving power, and grace of God. He did Hot ®iany>*migb4y*Pork^ thfere; bgenjuse of Xlnffr'ufibeliefW^TMactt^tS. fiS. B. -*>It was Christ, who when,” speaking to wilfully impenitent men, said :—0, Jerusalem, Je.usalcm . . . l ow often would I have gathered thy children together but ye would not.”—Matt. 23, 37. 7. If man’s character ib notalterable after death, it does not follow that the few will be saved and the many loBt. Who •’Clement,” or who am I, that he or 1 should I'. irc to say that tho many have passed unblessed into*the unse«?D ? Secret tilings belo; to the Lord our God.—13eut. 2!), 20. 1 believe ns the whole of our population is greater than the number of our criminals in our penal iuBtitutions, so shall the saved out-number the lost. b. Clcuiout's jumble of Scriptural expressions has nothing to claim an auswer. If he will give two or three of biB strayed Bib! proofs that character is alterable after death, wo will reply. 0. Eternal Mark 3. 20. All Greek scholars know must be read kamartc niaios aud not kriscos. “ Ho who sinnetli against the Holy Ghost is in danger of eternal sin.” .'If there is eternal sin there will be eternal punishment. Final permanence of character, under the lnws of judicial blindness and tiie self-propagating power of sin, is the truth emphasised by both God’s word and urs, etc., I. H. PALFREYMAN. [We lmve nu space for further correspondence on a question that no amount of reasoning can divide.—E d. News.] 