CONGREGATIONAL UNION. The half-yearly meetings of the Congrega tional Union and Mission of Victoria were poped on Moday at the bhnrbh in Tlawson atreat The folloWing was. ;' THE CHAIRMAN’S ADDRESS; ' : Fathers,’ Brethreo.nhd Christirin’Friends,—ln” thogood 'providence. 1 of God j- 'and. at the. kind in-! vitatiOn of 'the' Congregatiobal' Church - in, 'this city of rßallarat, :we are onoe more assembled as! the. Congregational Union aod Mission of Viotoria. My desiroa and prayers have bean many and : fervent that the. ibusiuete and publio meetings, .’as also the.private' ’social intercourse, of thiß week may contribute: largely to tho delight and profit of us all, May .they .be; as they, ’have often been in ‘the past, .“times of . refreshing!! from the. ’presence of the Lord” and as hand clasps hand,, ' and face greets face, may the utterance of every; heart be—“ Behold, how good aod how pleasant’ lit is for brethren to dwell together in unity.” In resuming the more active duties of this office to whioh you were pleased to' call me; I experience ; afreah the fears whioh-possessod me when I first entered upon them. I must, -however, confess that my fears would be far greater than they are, ■ but for the remembrance . very gratefully cherished, of the kind way in ‘which you'received my humble attempt to serve yon at our annual meetings in October last.' It. is,: I think, gene rally understood that: less is expected of ’ the ohairman . io his -.address at the half-’ yearly meeting, than in the inaugural one delivered •• by-him on undertaking the duties of his Office. .Be that as it inay, it is my intention ’to be less'formal, less elaborate, less lengthy; than in the address whioh I had the honor of giving on 'the occasion referred to. .The subject which I have chosen may! seem to some of yan very ordinary, and its treatment somewhat crude and sermonhke. The.only apology-I have-to .offer is that the address was prepared amid a. series of interruptions■ tho oharaoter of,which' I, need not mention. And now, without further: reference to the feeliogs with which I! enter upon the important engagement of this week, I crave your Christian, sympathy and’forbear-;, ance while I endeavor to speak of The True Bnd of a Christian Church. However common place this snbjeot' may soem, it will be felt at once to be fraught with' interest, not only to those sustaining the pas-' toral office, but to all the members Of our asso-' ciated churches who have at heart the glory of God and the, good of man. The first question that suggests itself is \ , What is a Christian Church? ~'!. In attempting a'necessarily brief answer to this important- enquiry, I desire to .view the subject in a spiritual light, rather than ecclesias tical—from a practical standpoint rather than speculative. -As . there is:. a r.olose:.connection, between the Old - Testament and the New, so there is, no doubt, a close and essential connection between tbe Jewish theocracy and the Christian .Church. .Bach represents the kingdom of- God, and is the visible and organised form of that kingdom. They are the same in kind,-though not io form and fulness; the same in principle, , though not in measure .of development.. ‘ Hence in the Sep tuagent we often find the Jewish assembly do-, siguated ecclesia —the word rendered Church. In the Jewish Church We have the’ rough outline, the type, the shadow; but in the Christian Church we have completion,’ fulfilment, the sub stance. The one was national, the other uni versal, The one was outward!.and ritual istic, the ' other 1 is inward and. spiritual. The one had circumcision and; ceremony, .-the other’has faith’,; spiritual worship,, spiritual, sacrifice, and a spiritual priesthood..; The foun dation of the church,'as we have it, was' laid in' Christ. In institution and constitution 1 it dates from Him. We have. His own; authority ’ for saying so—“On this .’Rock will! I build my churcb.” -The same thought is also oonveyed in the words of the: apostles; when they speak of Christ as the foundation and chief-'ooroer stOno of the ohuroh; hence the I designation Christian ohuroh. Again, the Greek word, ecclesia, trans lated chnreh, means an assembly called from or; out of. It signified originally : . an . as sembly of Greek citizens, summoned together for public business. No slave,' no. stranger, no one who had forfeited the rights of citizen ship could be numbered in that assembly. - So the church is an assembly called from or out of the world, called to bo citizens in the kingdom of God, and gathered together for the affairs of that kingdom. -They are chosen in Christ, saints and faithful in Christ. The world is what Jesus found; the church is what. He 1 makes, what He builds out of the world! The church, then, is the new regenerated humanity, which is tbe fruit of His great sacrifice, and its fabrio is reared as one after another is saved—called out of tbe world that lieth in wickedness. So the church is~the congregation, the society of the saved; hence the force of the words, “ And tbe Lord added to the church daily. such as were being saVed.” ' Our Saviour finely explains the nature of His church when Ho speaks of it as “Two or three gathered together in His name.” It is not place or number that makes it, but beiDg gathered together by the one faiLb, and the one spirit into the name of Jesus. It is a family, a brotherhood of faith, few or many, but all gathered in the. one name. It may ba tbe universal church—the general assembly church of the first boro; or it may be a local chureb —an assembly of the children-of God, gathered in one place. In the New Testament the -churoh is variously designated, but no de-' signation is more significant than this one*- “ the body of Christ.” He is the Head from whom all the body, being supplied aod knit to gether through the joints and bands, increaseth with the increase of God. Here we have beau tifully set forth the relation of the church to Christ, and tbe relation of its members to one another. The church being the body of Christ is Dot a lifeless mass, not a society of those dead in sin, but a living, spiritual, organism quickened and prepared to correspond to its Living Head. “ Through the ohuroh,” says Dr’ Dale, “Christ revealß His own life. Saintly moo have been conscious that there exists be tween themselves and Him a closer and more mysterious relationship than that of mere sympathy, and that in all the higher forms of Christian endurance and activity, it is not they that live, but Christ that liveth in them. Ac cording to its idea, the church is the organ of Christ's activity. It is He who speaks through its lips—consoliDg sorrow, rebuking.siD, declar ing the infinite mercy of God, and entreating all men to return to righteousness and peace. It is He who ministers, through- the churoh, ’ to human necessity and wretchednes, giving bread to the, hungry and -clothing tbe naked, breaking the fetters of the op pressed, supporting the head of the dying, aod defending widows and orphans from the perils of their lonely and desolate condition. When we' perform charitable deeds, it is beoausa He is moved with compassion, -and when we try to rescue men from eternal perdition,.it is Ho who, through us, is seeking and saving the lost.” The work of. tho church, then, is to embody. Christ’s Christianity in meD. Ail this, of course, implies life in the churoh. It would appear from this that a church should 'not originate in eccle siastical polity, but should ba the growth of spiritual life. Some reverse this order. They begin with stereotyped and conventional organi sation, and then attempt to make life fit into that. It was not thus that the fathers and founders of Congregationalism acted. They were concerned first that men 'should be spiri tually alive, land then about organisation. The spiritual life came first, and the organisation followed. Aud as our .churches originated in spiritual life, they can be maintained and do their work only in tbe power of that life. In deed, I hold that all the elements of churoh polity are of importance only as they boar upon spiritual life. It was iu this belief, I think, our ; fathers began tbe work which-has come from them to us as an inheritance and trust. The church is thus appointed- of God to the holy ~ mission of , maintaining the highest form of truth, among men. It is,- as the Apostle declares, .“the ground '’and pillar of the truth.” The church iB one of the unerring purposes of God’s fore- ordaining unison and power and love. It is not an .after thought. It is not a makeshift to work out an indeterminate result. It is not a patch upon the rent garment of God’s plan, but “ the fulness of Him that fitleth' all in all.” Tbe church, then, is the centre of all wonders, and, however poor may be the life of .most of us, certainly Christ’s Christianity , is most sublime, both as ideal and actual, ever presented to the mind and heart of man. Having thus, in a very imperfect and fragmentary way, endeavoured to answer the question, “ What is a Christian Church?” I will now ask your attention to the true end of a 1 Christian church. The .first that I shall refer to is . ‘ ..." ; The Salvation of thb TVobid. ; fln. considering this part:of our snbjeot it would be well to bear in mind :what has already; been stated, viz., that the biblical ‘ idea mf the church is simply that of an organised' body of regenerate mind, and that the biblical idea of tho world is that of the unsaved multitude of übregenerate mind. Two classes of character, and only, two, make up tbe 'human race as the Scriptures represent it, viz.,.: saints and, sinners, saved and the unsaved, friends of God and foes of God. “ Much of . tho power of tho church,” says Professor- Austin Phelps, “ de pends.. on assuming the reality -of. that distinotioD.' One qf the chief objeots of ohuroh organisation is to make that distinction vivid. A living church always fastens that distinction; upon.: the-conscience of: the world. Apostolic preaching was full of it. Religious reformations always rejuvenite it. Oft in the first eride'noeof a religious awakening is anew illumination of that one thought in the. experience of the obnrch and in the convictions of lookers- ob.” By the economy of Divine wisdom, the churoh has been ordained to be the medium through which the Godhead works upon the mind of tho- world to. regenerate it; hot soientifio bodies, not medical conventions, not'political gatherings,.not popu lar lectures, -but tho Christian Church. It is' she that has been constituted a steward of the manifold grace of God. The bread of life for . the - famishing, nations; of tho earth has been placed in ber!hands with the solemn charge,: “As every .man hath .re-- oeived the gift, even so mioißter tho samo one to another.” The good seed of .the kingdom has been'placed in her hand with the.command to scatter it throughout the.swhole- field, and the. field is the world. Tbe gospel treasure has been .committed to her charge with tho injunction to transmit it'as fast aa possible to the. periahing millions of the human • l4-’require* no Trofonnd i orrextensira '-acquaintance"with' the' j word of to-biing. imen-tq «”_TBiy'promfiioot,foar < ture’iiT tlw,;daty/of the church;.-? It meets tu.' . eveTywbere,.in its Mots' sod -it its -doetrinqif in" itspreoepts and its promiges,inits parables'and in'its predidtibns, J iat above all ia'tho’deotared ’grand mission-of ; theSonofGod, forwhenHe visited our earth .we are told it w*b ‘‘.not tocon-' 'damn the world,shut that the world through 1 ! Him might baaayod.” .So Christ is;for the world. !He has nothing, for one man that He has.not for ’every man. In forming; therehuroh then the objeot Christ bad. in. view; was .the salvation of the 'world, : - and-‘ this ; shoujji. 1 be ' the' objeot .of the' .ohdreh itself after being- formed. Now, if ; -we rightly view " thej nature of .Christianity, or if we rightly view the aggressive principle which constitutes so leading a feature .in the religion which we profess; would it not go.' ’far to teach"ua' wliat daght to bo 'character of the ’church, and what should’be her'real aim—the 'conversion of souls to God.-The natore and effeots of Christianity arebeautifully set forth in those two parables so..closely connected—the grain of ‘mustard seed and the leaven.' It is to be universal,: for it will send forth its boughs to the end of tho earth, arid ,under its shadow the : weary of all cations shall repose in safety. It is true the church is organised partly for social and reUgiona improvement, biit thu is as a means to an end. 1 It'' is ■ briganised pre- eminently for united and powerful external notion. It is by this spirit of aggression. that the: ohuroh is to prosper, maintain spiritual life in . her own soul, and cause religion to flourish at home and extend its ■ triumphs abroad; ’ That ohuroh is -not true to her grand mission which does not fervently pray.and work that all linen may oome to the : knowledge of the-Lord Jesus Christ. “ Tho world will not oome to the church and orave "instruction at her lips, so, as the Saviour . Bought- her, He requires her to seek ’sinners.” The church should not be content to live always in the temple, or abide on the moun tains. Having surveyed the field around, and lifted up her heart to God for help, she should go forth to self-denying-' toils and- conflets. In reading the history-of the, Christian; ohuroh we find that, in proportion as she did this, was any signal advance made in the work of saviog souls. Turn to the Acts of the Apostles, and note how faithfully the first Christian Churches car ried out this principle’ of external and aggressive movements.’’ Look again to a inuoh later period, c- How. was .it at the Re formation ? How was-it at the period when Whitfield and Wesley appeared ? And, as it was then, so now, just in proportion as ady branch of the Christian Cbarob, in the epirit of the Master,. attempts spiritual aggression, in tho, same pro portion will it prosper. Blessed and happy that ohuroh which'abandons herself to the will of Christ, aod gives herself over to do the glorious work which He assigns her—the work of saviog the perishing mnltitndes. What is the aim given us in the Gospel? That every one should know the Lord; that every one should be a child of God by faith in tho Lord Jesus Christ. Wo are a long way from that. There are in the midst of our Christianity and civilization much heathenism ’Bnd barbarism. Thors are in ; our towns* 1 waste places,” into which gathsrand settle down great multitudes of helpless, we were almost Bayiog hopeless, people, most difficult to be reached.•' These places are in themselves huge evils, dark blots in our common life. Let the church, with more profound sorrow than ever, recognise their existence, and, with Christian ‘oourage and earnestness, lift up her voice aod cry,-“ Behold your God.” And how does the. matter stand with us who are ministers, of the Gospel? Should not our sermons be pre pared with'this one object constantly in view? Should they not be richly imbued with those grand truths which have.always been as, life to the dead ?'' It strikes me.that too muoh 'of tho public preachißg of the day is devoted to:the edi fication of the church, and too little to the bonversion of the world. It is said of the first Napoleon that when he was a young officer in the French army, he never approached a fortified town, but' hb began to pOnder how'it might be attacked and how. defended. - If the salvation of sonls were our pripoipal aim would, not some thing of this" kind bo perpetually going oh in our minds. Andrew Fuller somewhere, remarks that he never knew a man who was extensively useful in winning men to Christ who did not travail as in birth for this very thing.' Only let that beoome the. ruling passion of the soul, and how, constant and, how’,;extensive. would be its influence ? - Are we not' laokihg somewhat tho spirit and power of the fathers by fail ing to give ourselves as they did to the work of saving men? Perhaps we aro toe anxioue about denominationalism, about our relation to other bodies and other matters eccle siastical. If so, let us return again and catch the old spirit. With profit we may meditate on the all-absorbing de-ire of our fathers for : the salvation of sinners that gave them power at once with God and man. But. profitable as such meditation may be, there is something yet more thrilling, something more resistless in its beneficent impulse on the soul. It is to go back beyond fathers and brethren, beyond the “noble army of martyrs,” beyond “the glorious ooni pany of the apsstles” to the Master Himself, and interpret afresh Gethsemane’s agonies and Calvary’s sufferings. It is. to go back and mark Christ’s birth,-- life and' doatby His words and deeds, His tears and woes as one pro longed effort to save the lost, aod to note that os He was, so are we, sent to the world to spend and be spent in that blessed service. The second object of the Christian oburoh I should mention is Holiness of Life. Conversion is but the first step in the Christian’s spiritual life, and religion is but the repetition of these first steps by which he gains non fields and; heights of glory. The faith first folt is to be strengthened and heightened into vision. The first repentance and humility aro to be deepened uotil the Christian is lost to sin, self and earth. “ Aa ye have received the Lord J esas so walk ye in Him,” is the injunction of the Divine Word. Stagnation in a living thing means disease, decay, death. Progress and growth are the invariable conditions of- healthy life. Illus trations of this truth meet us on every hand. In vegetable life we have ‘.‘first the blade, then tho ear, and then the full corn in the ear;” first the imperceptible sproutings of life, then- the fuller growth, then the bud, and last of all the expanding flower. The Cbristian’a'spiritual life should not be rebuked by the lower spheres' of life. Holiness is the natural sequence of regeneration. The path of the Christian should be upward from the start. There is no grade downward on the road that leads to God. He calls from above. The prize is ’on high.- As yet the Christian has not attained the - mark that mea sures the practical character of a perfect man in Christ Jesus. Therefore, the soul’s motto should bo, “.Always abounding.” All tbs teachings of Scripture most explicitly show that the real Christian's life should be one of pro gress. “ The path of the just is as the shining light that shineth more and more until the per fect day.” “Grow in grace aod in the know ledge of the Lord Jesus Christ” may be taken as giving the character of hundreds of texts that might be cited. Many Christians saem to be content with remainiog babes in Christ. They have learned the rudiments of the Gospel and mastered the first principles of Christianity. They are still children in growth, in knowledge, in strength. “ Many of God’s children,” says a popular writer, “ seem to ba stunted from the birth. If-they- grow at all it is so slowly as not to ba perceptible to the ordinary eye. I, have’ seen a child nearly 20 years old in a cradle, and I have seen a Christian who numbered as many years of the new life in a oradle.' He never leaves it,.eating only as he ’is fed,' and sleeping only as he is’ rooked, living for no purpose, ualess it be that others may have something .to do, oradle Christians. The Church of God' has too mSuy of -these.”- Living as we are in tha-pos3assion of God’s revelation, and with a perfect- salva tion available : for every-person,and under the dispensation of the - Holy . Spirit, . the ohuroh should not only be a Company of persons having the form, but possessing the power of godliness, When-one opens the bible and reads God's-description of those: whom, He creates anew in Christ Jesus, and compares it with what he aetually finds in many.of the church members of tho day he is led to ask—“ Is God’s word true.? Does Ho mean what He says ? 0 , are they deceived who claim to have complied with; the conditions of . a salvation which perfectly' -transforms the!whole character and life ?” - Tho bible represents the new man in Christ Jesus, as one who is “ cleansed from all filthiness of the flesh and spirit;”, as “after God created in’ .righteousness and true holiness;” as “ renewed in knowledge after the image of Him that creatod i him;” as “ beholding with open face the glory of the Lord, and brijg.changed into: tho same imagefrom glory unto- glory,” as “being filled’ with the fulness of God,”.as “walking in the light as- Christ is io the light,” and.“ having fellowship with His Son’Jesus Christ.” Such is! what God designs through His Word and Spirit to make all. His children. .Tot- how few com-, paratively have boon moulded' after this’divioe -pattern? Wbat is the reason? Are God’s terms hard and impractical ? or is the difficulty on man’s side ? If'men were as eager - to know God as they are to gain honor or riches would there be any doubt' but that God’s full-endow ment of grace would bo realised by every Christian ? If,-instead of toning down our faith to the prevailing unbelief around us, we brought it up to grasp God’s sure promises what mighty bap tisms of love and power would follow. Holiness, the grandest of all wordß, and the highest of all, states of mind, should be the aim’of every child of God. The word is very comprehensive. It extends to the entirety of our complex nature as represented, by the terms spirit, soul, and body. It is such a state .of miod and heart as involves a tree and genuine•' sympathy with God in His love aod righteousness, and manifested in the life in likeness to God. It works from within outward, and it.is only! ns the heart . is divinely : purified by .faith that the purity of holiness appears. It does' not nfean any par ticular grace or value:or:quality,; but the, highest, perfection -of ..them all—the meet ing aud mingling of all virtues in their most transcendent state—purity, by which we mean the absence of- moral, evil, bid, depravity; !righteousness, -by which we. mean integrity of heart, sincerity..of speech', 'and'rightness of aatioD;-iove, by whioh we mean unselfishness, self-forgetfulness,: charity,, benevolence, meroy, - pity, oompasaion. Many pray for holiness as if ii'wera y '«omethingehU^ly?ap»rt'frbia^helr' J >all to dp- s wiUt f in their do> lines tic,. sooish.'.ahd'Jrasiheisifife..They_aing, l“Nearer nyGodto TheeA with glowing fervor, jbtit never think, that’the prayer oan be answered ; only "by the.uplif tingof theiri own: Hves/to the : plane of God’s; requirements. “ Holiness ,is not !a mere'sentiment, hot a ‘Vague vision of‘glory; overhanging us .Hke.a silver .cloud, not a rapture or an ecstaay, nat .Bomething that/God sepda down to-/wrap: ns. liko a garment, : in :ita radiant,.folds.” If being holy means '.any thing at all .it, means'being ..true, honest, upright, pure, gentle, patient,' kind, and un 'selfish. We really-have.:,no . more religion than we get into our everyday practice. Some people associate with'sanctimo niousness. In their estimation the long visage, the solemn voice,'and'the outward aots of devo tion are the; true marks ofholiness... Nothing is more foreign to ; true saiuthood; wherein our devotion is higher.than our living ,it counts for nothing. Devotion, to the poison of Christ that steers us dear of His doctrines and pre cepts is sentimental rhapsody;-‘'A trulyholy heart is always attended with'a'holy life.' Let no one imagine that he can possess; the internal evidence without showing, these.outw'ard signs. Thie holiness of .the Bible oann'ot be taughtiu. glittering generalities. It tolerates no rivals. It Bpares noenemies. Itdealsdeadly blowstoall that stand in its.way.. Those whom God saves aresayed, from particular'sins, from pride' and lust, from. ambition and avarice. - Let.ns see to it, 'that we have in onr hearts thedivine principles of the- Bible, and let ns endeavour to live up to them in all things. The influence- which such .a life exerts on men generally' is untold. It impresses them with the reality of; religion. They see truth embodied. 7“ The holy man.is the living, speaking Gospel, He is the trumpet' of revela tion. He is the voice of-Sod. He may net have eloqnencb or learning, or social position; bnt if he possesses and exhibits holiness of life; he shall be as useful'among men as if he had the endowments and gifts of. an archangel.”. And how is it, my brethren, within the borders of our. ohnrohes ? Is there not good reason for asking the oft-repeated question, “How can the spiritual condition of our churches be improved ?”. What question can be of greater moment to our. churches than this one ? No one, I think, can, shut his eyes to the fact that one of the greatest, hindrances to growth in holiness in the church is worldliness. We sometimes mourn that ours is' a materialistic age. Would that it were only so on the scientific and rationalistic side. But what we have most reason to fear is that subtle ma terialism which is creeping into our church life and methods. The great care of the church should be that the spirit of the world does not creep into its heart, for a worldly church cannot be in sympathy with the Holy Ghost. There is danger that the eye will cease to be single, that the motive and the spirit, principle and the inner life will not be kept purely and strongly : Christian, and that Mammon, and Pleasure, and; Ccssar will come in and sbare the throne' with Christ. “How little, dependence,” says some one, “there is on supernatural power as all- sufficient for our work ! How much we are coming to lean on mere human agencies ! If we would draw the people to church that we may win them to Christ, the first question with many is—What new turn can we give to the kaleido- scope of entertainment? ' What fresh novelty, in the way of social attraction can we -introduce? Or what new coruscation can we let off from the pulpit to dazzle and captivate the people?” When the church comes down from her elevation to the world, it is a declaration stronger than words that there is nothing above worth having, and so the world takes it. O! for a faith -to abandon utterly all - devices of naturalism, and throw the church without re serve upon the power of the supernatural.‘ Is there not some reserved power' yet treasured up in the church, which is “ the body of Christ” —some unknown or neglected and spiritual force which' we ean lay hold of, and so, get cour age to fling away for ever all frivolous ex pedients on which we have so much relied for carrying on the Lord's work. Yes, there is—it is “ the power from on high,” and that power is within our reach. Let us take and use it that our church may be a greater power for good in the land than ever before. The third and last object of a Christian church to which I shall refer if. Religious Work. The Christian Church .is a greater, power to day than ever before in the world’s history. Some people represent our times as the blackest the world has ever seen. Such lamentations are simply not true, and they. have' neither utility nor good sense. ' We believe,, on tbe whole, there never was a better, time for the-world or for the church—a time of more good men, more living faithful ministers - or missionaries, more potent Christian workers, more effective Christian agencies; more successful Christian institutions. ’ But today this is not to say that the world is as good as it may be, or .that the churoh is either, at her" best,, or is doing her best for the world. Her field- is widening every day. and her opportunities are multiplying; and if' she is to occupy the field and overtake this in crease of responsibility, and fully accomplish her grand mission, she must not stand still—she must give herself more than ever to religious work or be culpably left behind. Now, in look ing at our churches, we hold that every one of them occupies a certain position, and maintains an individual character. -Every church, with its minister, office-bearers, and members, with its moral and spiritual machinery, has the power to accomplish a certain amount of work for Christ. Just as the engineer can tell to a fraction the power the engine he has set up should possess when properly and fully worked, so the Great Head of the Church’ knows precisely what amount of power each'churoh possesses, and should exert to raise the surrounding masses to a moral and spiritual elevation.' The sure way for a churoh to become weak is by refusing to use the strength it has. It will not take long for a church to become helpless and bedridden if it does nothing for the evangelisa tion of the -oommunity around. The sure way for a church to become strong is to use its strength, be.it much, or little. A church may. wait for years for some favorable opportunity for outside help; for someone to put it on its feet, nnd all the time be growing weaker, like the impotent man at tbe pool of Bethesda. But when it arouses itself to take up the bed of its fears, weaknesses, despondencies, and walk, it experiences an' incoming of divine strength, an accession of courage and- hopefulness that are as life from the dead. A church’s life is in itself and in God; not in circumstances and ex ternal help. Its prosperity is ’to be found uot in sitting still, waiting for some expected deliverance, but in -freely using what strength.it bas in fearlessly attempting seeming impossibilities and venturing to exceed its ability at tbe commands of Christ.' The church is not • to be like that' phautom ship of which .the poet siogs manned by a dead Drew,: but is likened to a living household in which all the servants are eager, watchful, aud diligent, for their Lord has given to every mao his work. The wide-spread influence of any church is based upon the indi vidual Christian as a unit; indeed, all effective Christian-'.-organisation must be built upon the effectiveness of- • the individual. The power and good of any church depend upon the life and co-operation of its. mem bers. We recognise that it is the duty, nay, privilege, of all Christians to be spiritual workers. The Bible assumes that a.Christian is a spiritual worker just because he is a Christian: Tbe primary obligation to undertake Christian work does not rest' upon the possession of special gifts, special opportunities,' or a special call, but .upon being Christ’s. Religions work is not an inci dental . doty, but. an: essential part of spiritual life. The grace which-has made, us partakers of Christ has called us into the fellowship of His work/ “We'are.God’s workmanship, created in- Christ Jesus_unto good works.” “ Christ gave. Himself for us, that He might redeem us from all iniquity, and purify.unto Himsoif a'peculiar people; (or as the Revised Version' has it, 1 ‘a people for His own possession’},'zealous of good works.” It is not, therefore/ a question ’ with ns whether we shall take' part in religions work. We must do that. Necessity is laid upon us. But it is a welcome necessity, for -Christian work such is our Lord has'laid upon us in express instruction and command meets the longings of. true spiritual life, .We, there fore, yield ourselves willingly, to ‘the grade whieh calls us to work for Him .who quickened in us that spiritual life, as we do to the grace which called us to believe on Him. The great question with every Christian ’should- be how bo can do most service for the Master. The call is sounding jdst as clearly ,now. .as? ever -it did. of old oh the shores of., the Lake of Galilee. To all, as well as te - the‘first, disoiples has the. Master given the opportunity of becoming •‘fishers of men.” Surely' none, could, imngihe that the wdrk; of / leading , men' to God' was to bo done only by the'ministers .of. 'Christ, aud that all the members 'had'to'do/,was; to enjoy themselves by hearing whiatmany called■: 'beautiful sermons, and s|nging the praises of God lini the sanctuary. Thamomenta sinner- takes bis position at the foot of the; cross and takes Christ. as his Siviour and Master; the command of Jesns to him is—“ Son, go work in my vine yiird.” Laziness anywhere is bad, but in the Christian Church it is beyond all bearing.- Spirituality meanß Christian Bpiritedness, and he who is filled with the Spirit easily finds some thing to do, and always gets power to do it.' If we tell men they are perishing, and do nothing to save them, how can they believe in us ? Good works are' the natural:growth oh the new: heart' soil. An idle Christianity is a religious in sanity, a self-deception. Many have, .’I know, taught that piety was a kind of dormant, con templative spirit, .that its power -was to be manifested in patient endurance rather than holy action; in a’ voluntary withdrawment from-the world to avoid itß.eontamieation'rather than in resolute effort to make the, world better. It is not the true spirit bf'Religion,’ but the want of it, that leads to 'such erroneous views of Christian I ‘duty. The spirit of true religion is tbe 'spirit of Christ. Its language is something must be done. "It'conceives plaoß, it .'demands: efforts for the world’s, conversion. Just in pro portion as Christians resist the claim's of duty, and withdraw -.from all active- effort for God, their piety withers; and their usefulness declines. Action of any. kind ‘ is but heart ex-, pressioo. 1 / It “ is ' the life force - - manifest-' ing itself —t framing itself - before the eyes of men. The same is true ..of Christian aetivity, and he who-fails in it> degenerates into;-, a- mere:'-sentimentalist: in religion— mere dreamer, a reoiaae. ' a painted fire., Nothing tends so inooEto^ipiritailgrowth and/splrituiir ! enjoyment Ss.Ctaiitisn 'MUyity—reljgi.^Jf{#£,; ! Jusfss" one' lMrn«..'ih' 1 teaching, / just asthe 1 Jmasole is strengthened/by/exorciso-just asthe j vigor of- the'intellect.is.sharpened by stndy.'so: ivrill ourreligioostife he deyeloj>ed .by itB; m»ni* tests tionsin Christian.work; sndfurther, it will Shear ijlear te'atimony to that the grace , iof 6m? id'a Baored The sodl of religion thus clothesitself witha' body of- 'good deeded .Christ/soto speik,' beodmei'and : remains inear date in tho peraona aod 1 lives of His disciples. 1 Religion is no more chidden; a mysterious thing.’. Jt walks in . the sight evenof worldly observers," and forces them to oonfeai it of heavenly origin BDd character. Thohigher and. truer life that is. lived, the nobler and diviner work that is seen < to ocoiipy .both .hand .and.hearth-all this bears such testimony as makes itidlf-felt, and .oannot : be mis-reado'r pushed'aside.', The gospel thus becomes a' glory? in the experience of its be-' Hovers, and the power of God. to thVsalvatioh of ..those who were otherwise lost. L'et-eaoh of our churches be a centre of manly servioe; and the energy of earnest; devoted men and-wondeh will make; itself felt:wherever such centres .exist. The result of. all. the . sermons which are annually preaohod in • our churches., is not all what it should . be, beeauso the much listening is not backed up. by more labour. ing. 1 Worship should be followed by'work. The Apostle's command, ,• “If any .would not' work, neither should; he eat,” fits'' the soul as : well as the body. The pulpit : only begins 'the work which the pen'; should endeavour 'to carry out, 1 L9t every* ohnroh: member:;do some Christian, work every: day; and then every Sabbath would. shine with the glory of Heaven, and carelessness and sin would belong to only. the. unconverted,. andfaUhlessnesaand fear would, be done away with, and the faces of the redeemed would glow, with joy unspeakable, as; in golden glean-- ings we : gather our. sheaves . for the' great harvest . home. -“ Ye- are -the salt of the earth.” “ Ye' are- : the light of the world, a leaven which is to permate through all society and transform the whole mass'. But if this effeot is tobe'pfOdiieed the salt must not have lost its savor, nor the light' its' splendour, nor the leaven ita power. The pulsations of life must bo vigorous at heart if it -is to send the Jife blood to the extremities. Ab at the close of : these meetings we return 'to our several homes and spheres of labor let us?feel that we are; one in .heart and. in Christian-work. Let. us: pray in faith and in union, that pur. Heavenly. Fattier may bless us,' and that all our churches, from the'smallest to the greatest, from the. poorest to the wealthiest may be more and more a power in'this country, for good. " ' • ■ Build Lord the mystic wills; ' : Throw wide the nns^en-gstes; , . Till all the golden halls, " '• While yet Thy triumph waits, . Make glad Thy church with life and love' ! Till glorified it shines above. 