AMUSEMENTS THE DRAMA, &G.; The Privato Secretary continues to occupy the stage of tbe Theatre Royal, and to draw excellent houses. Mr. Frank Thornton has certainly made his mark in the part of the Rev. Robert Spalding, which is essentially one of the most amusing representations of an ecclesiastic, without being offensive or irreverent, or even unduly sarcastic, that lias ever been witnessed on tbo colonial, or indeed any stage. The public, having enjoyed so ex cellent a taste of his quality, naturally desire to see his powers exhibited in otlicr parts, but owing to the arrangements of the management we are afraid that in this particular their wishes cannot bo satisfied, as tlio season is ex pected to close next week. Tiie performance of Tho Private Secretary at the Theatre Royal next. Wednesday is an nounced to bo for the benefit of Mr. H. R. Har- wood. Wo have no hesitation in saying that this votoran artist deserves well of the public, and that his deserts will bo fully recognised oil tho occasion of bis benefit. His experience aud his name were earned in the colonies, and few hare played so many parts, or 60 woll, perhaps, as ho has done. He possessed real powers as a comedian, and was second to none as nn all round actor. In the part of Mo. Davis, no less than tho Ghost in Hamlet, which is a long stride, he was equally at homo -, aud whether in sober drama, burlesque or comic opera, lio never failed to render himself popular. In tho Princess of Trobizonde, in La Mascotte, Tam bour Major and others, lie could not be sur passed. To quote a much backnoycd line, which, though usually applied to the fairer 6ox, is appropriate in this instouco, wo might say — Arc cannot wither, nor custom ctalo Ills infinite variety. Struck Oil will, it is advertised, be revived on tho termination of the prcsont season, with Mr. Williamson and Miss Maggie Moore in the leading parts. Wo ' should havo thought this piece woll playod out It has now been before tho playgoers in Melbourne off and on for over twelvo years, so that what ever novolly it possessed must bo pretty well exhausted. By one of thoso singular chancos, as they may ho called, this pioco was tho foun dation of Mr. Williamson's fortune. Prior to bis arrival in Victoria ho was playiug in Son Francisco in minor parts, and was little known at all to fame at a timo whan Messrs. Coppin, Norwood and Stewart were lessees of the Royal. Novolties wore not abundant at all timos, and an application having been received for an engagement from Mr. Williamson, offering to appear in Struck Oil nt a com paratively low figure, which, howover, tho frugal management considered too exorbitant, it was then proposed that; thoy should go shares after the payment of expenses. He accepted the proposition, end tho piece bo- came almost immediately the rago. Its success was simply astounding, partly because the Dutch business was new and iinrtlTw — the acting of Mrs. William" « Stoffel was greatly and deadly admircT No one was mora astonished at the achieved by the piece than the mor,„gCmc and wo bcl,eve the emprise was thau-d M ' W.Uramson himself. It was subsequcatlv , ! wed at intervals in Melbourne, Sydney m4 Adelaide, nnd everywhere with success. Think ing tho Loudon public would appreciate ;! equally, Mr. Williamson some years ago' visited \ England, but the result did not realise antici. potions, so ho returned to the colonics. The farcical comedy of Mixed maintains it, popularity, and Mr. Phil Day has the rapm„e folicity of sotting crowded audiences nightly in roars of laughter at his absurd but amuane delineation of Mr. Bosco Blithers. He may to said to bo tlio boginniug, the end and the middle of tho performance, for although Mr. J. L. Hall and Mr. Grevillo contribute their qiiolj to tho fnn, Uiey are completely 0ver- shailowcd by their distinguished cmjrh e. Mr. Rignold is ovideutiy pleased with his mm performance in Romany Rye, and hesitates about making any change in the programme. This may ho satisfactory to himself, lrat it ij hardly fair to his patrons, who would uot object to a little change occasionally, Tho Richards Combination havo experienced a general surcoss in thoir performances at tlie St. George's Hall. Mr. Bickords is of coatso a host in hiinsolf, and though hissnbordinatesao little more than padding yet they succeed in plcnsing both ns regards singing and dancine, The Nugget Theatre i3 still occnpied by Miss Vivian, who does nut, however, appear to do more than a very moderate business. Iu Sydney Mr. Boueicault lias established himself ns a thorough favorite. On Tuesday last n number of his friends nud admirers en. tertaiued him at a picnic given in Ins honor, and tlio affair seems to havo passed off most success fully. Arrangements havo bcou made by Mr. Macmahen, iu Dunodin, for Mr. Boueicault, who lias consented to appear there for > limited number of nights, Wybert Hoove's company is still touring in Now Zealand, and judging from the favorable notices which appear iu the press, they seem to have had both a pleasant aud profitable time of it. The Silver King company, with Mr. Titheradgo in loadiug parts, have drawn capital houses iu all the principal towns of New Zealand. Emerson's Minstrels have made quite a hit iu Adelaide. They succeeded the Pollard troupe, tho members of whicli hare siuce come on to Melbourne. Mr. Anson, a woll known popular London actor, who has bcon engaged to visit Australia, was entertained at dinner prior to his depar ture by a numerous aud brilliant circle of pro- j fcssioual acquaintances. Tho speeches dar ing the cvouing contained numerous allu sions to the colonies, and Mr. Anson, iu acknowledging tho many high compliments paid to him, personally and as au actor, said ho hardly know how it was, but he had not felt that strange, peculiar sensation that one gene rally experiences in going far away— tint see- cation that comes ovor one in finding one's self in a strange land, listening to a strange tongue, and all and everything now around— the sensa tion that is to he found in its ncutest form in the case of a much potted boy, brought up at Iris mother's apron strings, who suddenly finds himself introduced to his first boarding school. This sensation was much re- ducod iu intensity in going to America, for there at least was a language iu common, and many institutions which, if not identical with our own, were not unsympathetic with our insular preconceptions. But iu going to Australia no such fecliug seemed to exist, for iu this instance there wrs an unbroken record. They were our own ktihand kin, boncot our bone, flesh of our flesh, and, if proof were wanted of the ihilissolublo tics that bind our colonios to us, wo bad only to recall their action in sending a contingent to defcud our common interests iu tho lato Soudan war. Uo ® not wish to give a political coloring to the meeting, but ho ventured to say that tbo C® whose brain ovoked that grand idea was worth) of a monument wrought in precious stones. He did uot feel that lio was going among strangers, for there were many of the boys known to them all waiting to extend tbe band of wclcomo to him. Whatever measure o success ho might attain, he knew there was a cordial greeting and a patient hearing awaiting him, but, whatever might betide, the remem brance of that night would ever be to bun« soiaei and a prido ; nor pain, nor sorrow, no misfortune could obliterate tbo bright vision o tho kindly, friendly facos that were gaU><«» there that oveuiDg to wish him God speed. At tho dinner given to Mr. Auson iu Lom on. Sir. Fred Macoahe, who had just rctuniei his tour iu tho colonies, proposed the toast the press, nnd indulged iu high eulogies Australia and iho brightness and fll'Prca,a ' intelligence of colonial playgoers. Ibcre i two gentlemen present fonneily C')IU1 with tho Melbourne press, namely, « ( Mauuoll aud Mr. Nachot Martin. Iho la» responded to tho toast. Mr. Dion Boueicault still wields a vigorotra pen, and his reply to certain strictures in e Dr. Jeffries, in Sydnoy, respecting the of Uio stago are worth reproduction, indictment was Do not bo misled bj » argumout that if Christian peoplo wolJl tbe theatre, tho theatre wouiu be purfc restored to the high and among tho beneficial uc,c wSanlt ii Many Christian poople, sa) s Sir in reply to this, " havo frequented and con- touo o frequent, the thoutro. Thcro are a; 2 sect of self-elected Pharisees who never mtcr a theatre, and there n-e a small sect of ar- .Lho never entcra church, buttho church is ho ii,e worse for their absence, and tho theatre is none tho worse for the loss of snch an nscotic addition to their patronngo. Tho drama is nldcr than the Christian religion. It has L,, to tho world Sophocles, Euripides, Menandcr, Shakespeare, Moliere, Goetho mi Schiller. Tho theatre never occu pied so high and honorable a place in racial estimation as it holds at the present timo. To restore it to tho placo it occupied in any former time would be simply tio roplnco it in. tho mire from which it has been purged, and to re- enact tho statute by which its ministers wcro declared vagabonds by act of Parliament— to restore tho indecencies of Congrevo, Vnnbnrg end Cibber, and to consecrate tho immoralities of Sheridan. Dr. Jeffries mistakes tho literary depreciation of tho modern stage for its moral degeneracy. If ho speaks of tho theatre from personal observation and daily ex perience, his opinions are valuable ; but if lio accepts, without knowledgo of facts, a hearsay and vagito impression, his conclusions ate as visionary as they aro unjust. lie is right when ho calls tho drama feeble. It is so. So is Punch when compared with Punch of forty years ago. So is Tennyson when compared with Milton. So is Millais or Gustavo Doro when compared with liapliacl and Michael Angclo. So aro wo all when com pared with our betters. But feebleness is not vice, and that is tho only question tho Church is to be concerned with. Wo may be silly, and write farces as stupid as tho Private Secretary, or melodramas as commonplace as tho Colleen Burn, hut there is no harm in them ; they arc morally pure." ' 