A STRANCE VOYACE." . BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. M Author or "A Ska Queen," " The Lady feij Macd," "A Sailor's Swrkthrart," The y% wjeck of ins grOSTENOK," &c.; 5$ Chapter VI.— The Silver Sea Sails. ?;£ B; this time the cable was in the situation : tho) is termed " hove short ;" the anchor was ? still on the ground, but the chain was " up and down" with it, and only a few turns of the windlass barrel were now needed to liborate the ship. The hearty chorus of the seamen ceased on a sudden, some loud orders delivered by Cap tain Pipes wero re-echoed on the forecastle, and I saw the tug maipeuvring undor the ship's bows as a lino was thrown to her, and lior people dragged our hawser on to her deck, dour crew I could as yet form no opinion; the whole of them woro forward, including tho "idlers" (the steward excepted), and thoy looked a tolerably likoly set of fcllowa — some of them ot an unmistakably Dutch or Scandi navian typo of countonancc, and dressed in tho various rigs worn by merchant seamen. " I suppoBo wo're oil in a minnte now ?" Cried out Colonel IngloBeld, " Only waiting for tho tug to secure the end of our hawser," replied Mr. Hornby, "and then up comes the anchor, and ' Hurrah for tho sea, the sea, the open sea,' and all that Bert of thing, don't you know !" "I hope those men will stop shooting oil that gun until wo nro out of reaoh," exclaimed Mis, IngleGold, directing a hand that flashed with ringa towards the breakwater ; " wero a ball to hit us, it would make a hole, and down we should sink." ; " I wished thoy i ronld hit U3 1" called out the colonel. " Nothing would please me | better than to bring an action against the Admiralty. The naval wick wauta snuffing j now and again, I can toll you." "Thoso fellows look like soldiers," said I. " Then," shouted tho colonel, " I'd bring an action against tho military commnnder-in- v chief. Somebody should bo responsible for shooting us, by heaven 1 What right, Ioay, what rbjht have tho military or naval an- thoiities of this port to allow men to collect on that breakwater, and discharge shotted guns in the direction of passing ships ? Why, the thing's monstrous I Imagine a ball kill ing mo I Is Mrs, Inglcfletd to have no claim en anybody : — eh ? — ch ! — don't you see my argument ? — why — " "They'll not hurt us, eolonel," said Mr. Edwards laughing, while tho choleric officer pulled off his hat and mopped his forehead. "Aubyn, wiiat's the name of the lower of thoso two polos across tho mast there " "The lowor maintopsail yard," I replied, s " What fanciful names sailors have given to i their ship's masts and rigging !" observed Miss V Edwards. ;;jj "Most deplorable jargon, I think," said VI, Mrs, Inglefield, " How different from military i terms!" S "No, no, anything bat jargon 7" exclaimed ,3 Miss Edwards. " Tho few terms I know ore $ wonderfully oxpressivo; and see what our every day language owes to sailors 1" » "ball bo nnder way in a mlnutn," % piped little Hornby, swinging his legs on the chair that was too tall to enable hie feet to i touch the duck. As he spoke the windlass | pawls clanked afresh, and a hurricane chorus came rattling past onr ears. " In proof of tho justice of Miss Edwards's remark, Mrs. Ingiefiold," Bald I, "let me toil yon that no lover could have equipped his sweetheart more lavishly than Jack has his ship. Observe how he has decorated her : ho has given her chains, jewel blocks and bangles, garnets, breast hooka and ribbands, gauntlots anil heels, hood, garlands and collars, not to mention horses and hounds, and a score of othor tilings." "And cradles," said Hornby. "Yes," said I, " and gammoning." " You're joking 1" exclaimed Mr. Edwards. "Tho skipper shall prove my veracity when he lias leisure," I replied, " Anchor's away, sir," roared Mr. Bird, tho first mate, from tho forecastle. l'ipoa flourished ids hand, the hawser tautened, and in a moment the jibboom of the Bl.in was slowly sweeping tho green land that bad been lying abreast of us all morning, till it was pointing fair at tbo funnel of the tug that was heading to the westwards of tho breakwater, whilst a fellow at onr livlm was grinding at the wlieol in obedience to the hoarse notes of Pipes, who bundled about oil his bow legs with an agility not a little surprising in a conformation so uncouth. Tho scono now became very interesting. There was nobody to wavo hat or handkerchief to ashore; and our departure was theroforo lacking jn those white flutterings which, when Prolonged, always heighten the going of a ship Into a sort of agony ; eincc, to my notion, any kind of lingering Is a bitter mistake in leave- taking It should bo a quick hiss, a quiok hand shako; for you seo the tooth must bo drawn, and who wants the dentist to gape sentimentally down one's throat, and thou Slowly, very slowly, haul upon his forceps ? But to return I No handkerchief fluttered upon our deck as tho backwash of tho tug's Paddles seat tho white froth reeling alou>- our uends ; nevertheless, no sooner did \vo fool mat we had fairly st irtod than wo became auont, Margaret Edwards slipped her hand 'tier's ; oven tho colonel looked otightfully' and ovory nyo was bent— with orc « 'eas wistfnlness in it— on tbo shore a'.nho?Ul|i ron-cd. arrttnsemcnt5 ». that was slowly gliding along us if gottiug up steam to dance in n circle about u3 ; whilst outlines shifted, anil green melted into brown, and brown into cincruld. Drake's Island drew up on the e tar board quartor, and lookod like a block o£ pumice atone afloat ou tho blue ripples, and the moots of ships in tho dock beyond opened, with a g!imp3c of Sutton l'ool iu the ca6t, and its forests of smacks' and colliers' spars. Wo were nearing tho breakwater, when suddenly — flash I— bang I went tiie big gun they had been firiug at intervals all tho morning. But this time nobody took any notice, except timid Mies Inglefield, wlio popped lier hands to her ears with a startled look out of tho corners of hor eyes, Tho truth is, tho explosion accordod with our feelings ; it seemed to say good-byo, like a salute designed for that purpose. And really we felt the want of soma demonstration —for our departure from Plymouth Sound on a long voyage, without a friend ashore to wave to us, or in a boat over tho side to caH n farewell, made this part of tho journoy empty enough to find us willing to let the report of the cannon Git it. All this while the windlass bad been olank- ing, and lbs seamen singing at it ; but this suddenly ceased, and whilst some fellows re mained on the forecastle to cat the anchor, others hoisted n portion of the fore and aft canvas, for the wind was eastward of south, and our road out of tho Sound onabled thoso sails to draw. We wore a little ship and light; being, of course, in ballast, though in excellent trim ; and the tug, having got a good grip, swept us seawards smnrily. The breakwater twirled by as though it wero pivoted in the centre and revolving ; and you saw the sum mer water creeping up and down the outer In cline of it in. breaks of froth, like the white fingers of a blind woman groping. There was so much to look at, coupled with the sense that a long voyage had fairly begun, that I suppose we had no words for one ano ther. We excited little interest ; smacks and open boats wero passed close, but hardly an ova was lifted to onr ship. Out at sea were three or four yachts — mere leaning shafts of moonlike silver ; beyond them was a full rigged ship hidden to her courses, and looking so wan that one almost started to feel that the phantasm was a toworlng, massive reality. It was a most lovely afternoon ; the mild wind was full of eweelnesB, and whenever it swept along In a quicker breathing, the heavens whence it camo seemed to lighten by a shade, whilst over oar quarter tho blue deepened, as though tho sapphire ether wore a material elastic substance, that could be thickened or attenuated by a weight of air, " Charming bit of econery, this !" said Mr. Hornby, breaking tho silence ; " though I shouldn't like to be cast away yonder, point ing to Rame Head, 'on a black night full of frost. What need is there to leave England for fine views and all that sort of thing, don't you know? This is quite a spot to spend one's honeymoon in, I declare I" and the little fellow jerking himself on to his feet, pecked and peered around with his nostrils dilated, and admiration strong in his bright, small oyes. Mr, Edwards bnrst into a laugh: "Good gracious Hornby ! haven't yon bad enough of honeymoons? Isn't one sufficient in a life time?" " It's the most tedious part of married life," exclaimed Mrs. Iuglcfield, " Mr. Aubyn, when yon marry — on, I beg pardon, perhaps you arc married ?" " Not yet," said I, "Then when you marry stipulate that there shall be no honeymoon," continued she. " You csn't conccivo how boring it is. Feoplo ought to plunge into lifo at once, instead of locking themselves up — unleBs, of course, they're very spoony, which so seldom happens, you know." I glanced at the colonel ; but I noticed then, and afterwards, that he took whatover, his wife said as a matter of course. Miss Edwards did not look as if she thought Mrs. Ioglefield's chatter entertaining. She tried to obnnge the subject by Baying to her fatlior she hoped that the rheumatism would have left him long before the English coast was again In sight, " Pray heaven !" he exclaimed, with a tender glance at her and then a bit of a scowl at his right ankle. Bat Mrs. Inglefield was not to be swerved in this fashion : "Should you ever undergo a honeymoon, Mr. Aubyn, you will recolloct my words," Baiil she, resuming the subject as though she had not heard Miss Edwards. " Charley, do you remember how quickly yon bored me ?" The colonel cast bis dull black oye3 aloft with a grin. Mr. Hornby, will you believo me I found my busbund most uninteresting until I got into the outstdo world again and met othor men ? Thon ho improved a little." Though her face was undor a parasol, I thought it looked oxtremoly powdery at thnt moment, and her dress being of a rofioctive material — a mixture of silk or something of thnt kind, glistened in the sunshine with tho tension, as it rose and sank with hor broathing and movements. "No, no, Mrs. Inglefield," cried little Hornby, " confess that instead of finding tho colonel unintoresting, ho was tho one object iu which your affection, hopes, ndmiratiou, and all that sort of thing, don't you know, were centred I Eh, colonel, during your honey moon, can you over recollect Mrs. Inglefield removing her eyo from your fnce ?" " Oli, hnug mo if I know, Iloruby !" shouted the colonel. " It's too long ago, my boy, to recollect. I say ! whoa does tho tug moan to let go of ns ?" As this question might havo been hoard on the forecaBtlo, Captain Pipes who stood noar tho mew. en rigging not far from 113, answered, " She'll drop us when clear of llarne Head, sir." " Mr. Aubyn," exclaimed Mrs. Ingiefiold, " what is that thing stuck up in thu water, there pointing to tho sea over the bow, "The Eddystoue lighthouso," I replied. " Oh, how interesting I" said MKi Inglo- field, turning to look at the dim, delicato line. "Tho great Smeatou built that," saul tho colonel, "A wonderful work, by George ! It was thcro, you know, that a lightsm ill's wife grew bo fat that she couldn't be got down tho staircase, and thoy had to remove tho lantern and lower her from the ton." He laughed boisterously, as a man sometimes will over a story ho spoils. "Charley, don't be horrid," said Mrs. Ingle field. Here Hornby called out ; " I say, Pipes, did you ever hoar of a woman growing so fat in that lighthouse yonder that tliey had to hoist her through the roof?" _ Pipes approached and survoved us with his inimitable and indescribable face, ,, ' 1 cnjx't Bay that ever I have," ho replied. I don t eay it'B unreasonable. My mother when ehe died weighed throe- and-twonty stone from tho want of exorcise, and aho was rockonod tho finest woman in Brixham, though it s not for me to Bay it. There's but littlo wa.king to bo got in a lighthouse.— Steady !" ho shouted to tho man at tho wheel. " D'yo want to run away with tho tug?— What I'vo hoard about that lighthouse, ladies. Is thin : There were two keopcrs and ono died. Tho roliof was long in coming, in consoqnence of foul woathor, When thoy hoarded tho 1 i -li t- house thoy found tho body in a fearful state of docay, and tho lonesome light-man pretty nigh daft— quite moony, ma'am," addressing Mrs. Inglefield. " Well, when thoy had polished up his senses, ho explained that ho hadn't dared Cast hi8 dead mate overboard for foar ho should be thought to have murdored him ; so for days and days he and that corpse had been together, lhe dead chap's sporrit hung about for a tidy bit, I've heard, and would sometimes turn to and trim the lamps, and frighten tho hoopers in a way to whiten tbo hair upon their heads. Ilo was ultimately disposed of by a gale of wind It blow tremendously hard one middle watch, and it was reckonod tho ghost, unable to bear up agaiuist the weight of wind, wa3 carried out into the Atlantic Ocean." "Perhaps we shall come across him," said "I hope not. I don't like ghosts, I Oclierc in them I" cried tho colonel. "You I" shouted littlo Hornby. "Yes, man, T. When I was in Burmah the ghost of an old friond of mine, Sir Wintorton Sikes, then stationed at Hong Kong, came to my bedsida an.l told me to write at once to his mother and tell her that he was dead of dysentery. Well, I didn't do so, and I regretted it, by George I for, eome months after, I heard thut my friend had died on tho very night he had come to my bedside," " Of dysentery !" asked Hornby. " C'ortainly," ehoutod the colonol, "J<ord bless mo now!" eiclaimod Captain Pipes, "It's quite trim," remarked Mrs, Inglefield, speaking witli nn air of importanoo. " Charley told me his dream, and I put it down to indigestion." "It wasn't a dream," cried the colonel. "It was a ghost." Pipes muttering " Lord ble33 ins now "' several times, stepped back to hi3 former place, and sent his voice roaring along thu deck in an order to got all three lower topsails loosed, ready for sheeting homo. Wo wero now soon to bo left to our3oive3. The sea beyond Hamo Huad lay broad and blue, and the red aud white bauds of the Eddystono lighthouse, with now and agaiu a sort of shiver of brightness in its gla3a summit, wero plainly to be made out against the light azure of tho sky over the horizon on tho port bow, Tho topsails had not been long looicd when the tug lot fall our tow rope, and went Bweeplng round away from us, leaving a clean, throbbing, seething aro of foam on tho water, whilst her skipper flourished a farewell to us from a paddle box. The row that now followed put on end to conversation among us, The crew split themBolvos into several gongs ; one dragged the hawser on to tho forecastle, others sheeted homo the topsails, others hoisted suoh jibs and staysails as remained to be set ; every job was productive of a hoarse song, and these rude and harsh notos were mingled with the orders of Captain Pipes, the calls of the mates, and the occasional shrill whistling of the boatswain. I drew aivay from my companions, and stood looking with much Interest at tho busy scene that recalled my boyish experiences with a sharpness I had not found in thorn for many a long yoar. Tho crew seemed to work with a will, and sprawled about in true " lively hearty " style, To bo euro thoy were new brooms, and ahould therefore sweep well. One after another the square saila were loosed and sot, amid cries from tho tops and cross trees, aud long drawn songs on dock, Thoro wa3 a rough music in the grinding of hempen running gear travelling ovor rattling sheaves in measured cadence with tho voices of the men singing, that was pleasant to listen to. It resembled nothing in the world that I could imagine, and was as much a portion of the ship as the ribs which framed her. or' the planks which decked her. And pretty it was to witno-s the gradual growth of the canvas, like tho shoulders of white clonds looking one over another ; first tho topsails, and then tho topgallant Bails, and then tho royals, with staysails between, and the spankor hollowing aft, and jibs curving from tho masthoad to the jibhooms, until tho Sllvor Sea wore all her beauty, aud the wator tinklod along hor bends like a ringing of littlo bolls. Tho sun was to tho wostward of Bouth, and Pipes was steering tho Bhip right into his flash ing wake. Maybe tho cheery old skipper would havo preferred to glvo tho holsman a course that promisod a wider offing, but the ship was closobauled, every bowlino taut, tho lower yards against tho lee rigging, and the utmost eonthlng possible would not allow us to approach the Eddystono within 10 miles. CiurrEa VH, — Mrs, Inglefield Adjures The Ship. Presently Miss Edwards and Miss Inglefield left their chairs, and they wore followed by littlo Hornby, whoso admiration for theformor lady was evidently Tory great. I had posted myBolf on tho woatherquartor, and was praising tho cut of thu canvas and tho wholo appearanoo of tho handsomo clipper ship to Captain Pipes when thethroo came along, loaving Mr. Edwards and the colonel talking, and Mrs, Inglolio'.d ogling tho sea through an oporn glass. " Yes, ladies, fairly started at last," Baid the littlo fellow as ho approached mo, ambling alongddo Miss Edwards and giving his hair a twist forward ovor his oar ; " wo shall soon bo losing sight of the ooast of the old home ; but people must loavo England if thoy want to visit foreign parts. The eqnator's not to he crossed, nor Capo Town inspcotud, nor Table Mountain climbed, and all that sort of thing, don't you know, xrithout turning one's back on the tight littlo island, Eh, isn't it eo, Mr, Aubyn ? nron't I right?" " Quito right, Mr. Hornby," I replied. " If tho world's to bo viewed ono must sink Great Britain many leagues behind the azuro main that sho rules." "Miss Inglefield wants to view tho Silver Sea under lull sail and Mr, Hornby says this is tho right, place to post ourselves in," eatd Miss Edwards. "Thero'e only one better place, miss," exclaimed Pipes, " and that's tho end of tho flying jibboom." " And whore may that bo?" she Inquired, lifting hor grand eyes to the masts. ' Ye eoe tho bowsprit," ho answered, pointing forwards, " well, tho flying jibboom end is tho extremity of tho spar that shoots out beyond tho bowsprit there. It's not accessible by fomalo3 unless they're of the pattern of the owoctheart as followed young Billy Taylor in the ditty. Next to that, here's the proper place, miss, as Mr, Hornby says." Miss Inglefield went to tho rail, but thoro was a abort row of hencoops that prevented her from leaning over, so Hornby begged her to step on top of one of tho coop3 and hold his hand. This she did, but it would not dc ; the little chap was too Bhort, though lie strained on hta toes like a crowing cock, and she was about to jump down when Pipos rolled up to hor with his arm out, '' Will you step up, Miss Edwards i" said I, "I'll support you," She did so at at once, her hand in mine. I may as well own that never yet had the mere holding of a woman's hand caused mo the strange dolight hers did, gloved as it.was. She stood erect, a noble fignre indeed ; I marked the ourve of her bust, the clear cutting of her handsomo profile against tho windward blue, tho trembling of her blaok hair upon her fore head as the slight heel of the ship made her lean away from mo into the breeze, whilst she looked up at tho white cloths and down at the glossy green of the bends with eyeB ou fire with the soft brightness that flowed down into them out of the Bhining sails, and that came trem bling off the water, " This, indeed, is tho place to see the ship, Mr. Hornby 1" she exclaimed. " She looks very beautiful. Agnes, what wonld I give to be able to paint the Silver Sea as we now view her." " There is no brush in the world that could represent those blue gloamings," answered bliss Inglefield, holding tight to Pipee's great fist and pointing into the distanco where a space of water lay, a darkish azure with a shine in it from contrast with a current, or else a flaw of wind that gavo the sea an appearance, of ice where it was. "You havo a sailor's eyo for atmospheric effect," said L She lookod around at me with a kind of grateful smile, as one not much used to getting compliments. Meanwhile, Hornby, full of sympathetic gallantry, was running his eyes over the vessel with a fixed smile, "I can just see the ship's copper, Mr. Aubyn," said Miss Edwards, tightening her clasp of my fingers, as she stretched a trifle away from me, " Agnes, is - not the contrast lovely ? See I the water is a delicate green, like glass, as it washes along the dull yellow. How strange, for it is blus elsewhero I How the bubbles and beads break as they glide past, and every foam bell shines like a Bilver ball ! I daresay whilst tliey laat they refleot a perfect image— a tiny image — of the ship. How exquisite I" and then gazing aloft : "Look, Agnes, at the wee sails on the very top J . . , Mr, Aubyn, don't let me tire yonr arm," " There i3 no fear of that," said I. "What is the name of thai little sail up there 5" "Themainroyal," cried Hornby, determined to bo "in it." "Is it not' like a cloud? It might have been cat oat of the moan. Do you sea, Agnes, bow it is shot with lustre as though it' were satin ? If I had wings I would fly up there. What a sense of liberty a sailor must feel at that height close to the sky, and this great world of ocean far down." The quick heaving of her bosom showed something like real magic in the inspiration her dark oyes wero drinking in, Pipes's gaze was riveted on hor, Hornby, rubbing his hands so swiftly together that he might have passed for a marooned seaman endeavoring to get fire out of two pieces of wood, cried, " I always knew that the Silver Sea was a pretty ship, bnt you're making a poem of her Miss Edwards ; you're seeing beauties I never droamt she pos sessed. Eh, Mr, Aubyn ? Isn't it perfectly true that tiio mainroyal, viewed thus, might have been cut out of the moon instead of a com- monplaco bolt oi canvas, and sewed with twine by a horny band, fitted with a sailmaker's palm, and all that sort of thing, don't yon know ?" A sodden squeal from the neighborhood of the eklight caused us to bend our eyes in that direction, It was an ejaculation from Mrs. rnglofield, who, springing up, came waddling towards us, crying, " Mind, you imprudent girls ! you will tumble into the water. What are you doing, Agnes ?" Down jumped Miss Inglefield, and Miss Edwards sprang with a fine dancing grace on to the deck, her face rich with color and her eyes radiant with the snnshine that had entered them. " There was no occasion to bo alarmed, Mrs. Tnglefield," said Mr. Hornby. " Tho young ladies were quite safe, I assure you," "Agnes, I am surprised that you should have put yourself into such a position," con tinued Mrs. Inglefield, rounding oil her daughter, without heeding littlo Hornby. " What wero you doing ou that box ?" " Looking at tbo ship, mamma." "At what ship ?" cried the lady, staring out to sea. " At the ship we're in," said I. " And what is there to see, Mr, Aubyn," Bho inquired with an affected roll of her eyes up to tho nia-ts. Miss Edwards answered for mo : " The full picture of tho vossel, Mrs. Inglefield. It is a beautiful sight, and I am sure I don't know why I jumped down when yon screamed, unless it was because you frightened me, for I could liaee gone on contentedly looking for another hour." " Let me hand you up again," said I. " No thank you ; Mrs. Inglefield might give another scream, " ahe replied, sinking her voico, 