"As Others See Us." At the Deutchers Ball. \---------- A YANKEE GIRL'S IMPRESSIONS OF THE SUNNY SOUTH. Letter NO. II. Brisbane, Queensland, July 24, 1885. MY Dearest Kittie,—When you recollect the time that you and I persuaded my brother Jack to take us to the Arbeiter masquerade two years ago, and the row that the old folks raised when, they found it out, you will sympathise with my blushes. It is a somewhat similar escapade that has made me, for a whole week, the obedient victim of Charley's slightest wish, and, if they only knew, would make his straight-laced English relatives regard me with hated breath, wonder- ing if I am real bad, or merely so fresh from the prairies as to be uncivilised. Well, I don't care. It was all right, though they wouldn't know enough to think so. I'll tell you just how it was. Yesterday week, Charley's cousin, Nellie, the big fat girl I told you of, came round to our place. She's quite a jolly sort of a creature, and when Charley's not around I rather like her ; the more so, because she's Australian born, and has therefore out-grown some of those antediluvian English notions. "Lucinda?" she whispered cautiously, after we were shut up in my bedroom, and the door locked; " were you ever at a masquerade ?" " Well, I should remark," replied " yours lovingly," recalling mingled remembrances of an accommodating brother, delicious dancing, Bacchanalian revelry, a storming father, and a wailing mamma. " But you don't know anything qf such things, do you ?" " Don't I, though!" says Nellie, coloring up just a very little! " You see, Lucinda, I'm a colonial, and I know same very nice German girls. They took me to one once; and, oh! it was lovely. There's another to- night at the Academy of Music, the Turnverein ball, and I thought you and l could slip out and go." " See here, Nellie," said I; "when I went before, I was in Chicago, and spelt my name Lucinda Smiley. Now I'm in Brisbane for life, and call myself Lucinda Sharp. Wouldn't I be in a nice fix if I went trapesing off to a disreputable affair, and Charley found it out ?" " Oh! but it's not disreputable," she asserted. " Our people frown such things down on general principles, without knowing anything about them, just as lots of them do the theatres ; but most respectable Germans go in family groups, and there's not any drinking to speak of. Indeed, it's all right, or I wouldn't dream of going, and I didn't think an American would mind ridiculous prejudice. That settled me. I'd do Paris on the Talmage principle if it was necessary to keep up the national name, and as Nellie had fixed it to have herself and me invited to a German cronie's house to spend the evening and sleep there, I got Charlie settled nicely. I hired a fairy-queen costume, a pretty transparent tulle arrangement, with short skirts, a beautiful bodice, a sparkling crown and a diamond-tipped sceptre. I let my hair down—you know that's my crowning glory—and, when I got through, flattered myself that I'd be the belle of the ball. Oh! how disappointed I was when I saw Nellie. She chose, a Marguerite dress reaching to the ground —the cheat ! she has wretched ankles—but cut low and looped over the shoulders so as to show a fur- trimmed corsage and such a heavy plump neck and shoulders as stupid men go wild about. Her arms, too, were bare to the shoulders, and even to me looked perfect, while her skin shone like ivory. I'm sure she put some polish on, but she says she didn't. Anyway, I understood at once why she liked masked balls. Her friend was little Buttercup, and as far as physical developement went, knocked me out of the race though I consoled myself with the thought that at twelve o'clock the unmasking would tell in my favor. When we got there dancing had just commenced and the scene was grand, far ahead of the famous affair you and I went to, Kittie, Tickets were 7s. 6d., about two dollars. The hall, a large, well-lighted room, had a platform at the end which was occupied by the band, and also, further back, as a supper room. The cloak-rooms were outside. In fact it was a regular music hall, fit for anything—for a dance, a concert, a play, or a salvation meeting. On the floor were about fifty couples, dancing as the Germans always dance with all the energy of their solid avoirdupois. Dame Trot cavorted with Little Red Riding Hood. Death and a fair Swiss cow-girl whirled-past together; Bo-peep and the Wild Hunts- man; Juliet; Faust, the Yankie Girl, the Bride, Claude Melnotte, William Tell, and innumerable other disguises swelled the " mazy." The band was excellent, the floor good, and everything discreet. Those who merely wore masks were evidently sub- stantial German tradesmen or farmers with their sisters or sweethearts. I felt glad that I had come and just ached to get a partner. I sat down with Nellie, but we, hadn't to wait long. A tall bearded Dutchman, with trouser that reached to his neck and coat that touched his heels, came our way. " He's going to ask me," I thought. But he didn't. He whispered something to Nellie. They stood up together and were off. I do think Nellie dressed like that on purpose ; it was mean of her. But, in another minute, a domino, accosted me. " Willst du," he began. '' Nicht fustay," I interrupted, for my German is wretched, and always mixes up with French, English, and Spanish, that surprising jumble of accomplish- ments which we western girls pick up somehow. " Nicht sprechen zie Deutch ?" he asked, as- tonished. " Den willst du haf der kintness to valsh mit me." " Deutcher!" said I, jumping up. " Ich nicht bin ein Deutcher madcher oder"—then I got confused— "si vous not want to paulez ich will haben you fur cabellero mio." The poor fellow looked as if he wanted to run away. What a nusiance it is that the Germans don't learn English properly ? I'm sure we Ameri- cans do. Then he began: "Fraulein! dis is ein bal masque. I mean nodings not right. Willst der valsh mit me ?" " You great ninny !" thought I; " ain't I waiting to start.". But I said sweetly, " Ja, ja, mein herr!" He "furshstyed," offered his arm, and we sailed in. I don't think, between you and me, that I'm a bad sort of a girl. To revoke on the Pharisee: I flirt once in a while, I can take a joke, and I have fun whenever I can. But, notwithstanding this, I adore Charley, and I know how far a woman should go. And so I stifled down the qualms which made me feel uneasy, and made up my mind to enjoy myself. I did, you bet! Nellie might be more finely built, but I flatter myself that in dancing I outdid them all. Round dances always, none of your set affairs, and the choice of every cavalier in the room. When I was dead beat, Dame Trot asked me to have some coffee, while she, or rather he, went to fetch it, I rested and took in the show. What a difference to our American masks! and oh, Kittie, what a lean, bony nation we are. I am tolerably shapely at home, but, beside these Queensland girls, I felt like a phantom, like the wandering ghost of what a woman ought to be. And then, too, the decorum that prevailed amidst the freedom of the mask, and the license of the valse. Truly, the Germans understand how to live. Lots of drink and no one drunk; lots of fun and no one boisterous; the barrier between the sexes broken down and no one insulted. No wonder English speaking people disapprove of the masquerade for, as we saw at our memorable Arbeiter experience, it is with them a cover for excess and drunkenness. When an English public masked ball of the same class of people—tradesmen, farmers, and small storekeepers—can exhibit such an orderly scene just before midnight, the English objection to it will have passed away. But it never will. There must be something in the blood, for while the German girls sat down or promenaded between the acts with- out a sign of excitement in the stolid chin and mouth that showed beneath the mask, even I, staid Lucinda Sharp, felt myself fairly quiver with excitement, and I saw Nellie's ivory neck glowing crimson. Perhaps, after all, such affairs aren't good for us. We're not civilised up to them. Midnight came and we unmasked, Nellie wanted to go before, but I wouldn't; I knew I should look better afterwards, but I would give a hundred dollars if I had taken the advice. Such a queer awakening from delusion it must have caused many. Shapely girls showed homely faces, and puggy girls pretty ones. There were girls with freckles and snub noses, and girls with low foreheads and large mouths. But the queerest awakening was on the part of Lucinda. Right in front of me stood two gentlemen disguised most effectually by a crape band and that abominable evening dress which make all men look alike. They had evidently dropped in to see the denouement. One held on his arm a girl dressed in plain white, and as our masks came off together I saw Charley and Charley saw me. Don't ask me to tell you how he took me home, and how I cried till he forgave me. I am humble yet, but still I exult when I think that my unmasking partner was an ordinary-looking man and had not the bright-eyed, heavy-mustached face which Dame Trot disclosed. And I am still gladder when I remember that Charley hustled me out and home without even looking round for Nellie, for, be- tween you and me, such arms as hers are apt to make men entirely too cousinly. Lucinda Sharp. \----<>---- The British Admiralty orders about shaving are as follows:—l. All the beard may be worn, but must be trimmed neither longer nor shorter than 2 inches —like Grant, Wales, and Edinborough. 2. All the beard may be shaven off—like Napoleon and Byron. 3\. The mustache may be worn-like Wolseley and Sheridan. 4. The beard on the chin may be worn- like Clyde and Albany. 5. Whiskers may be worn- like Gladstone. 6. A prohibitionary order. The chin must not be shaved, leaving the moustache unshaven —like Cambridge. 7. Ditto. The moustache must not be shaved, leaving the chin unshaven — like Joseph Cook. Figaro's Barber is quite ignorant of the present British military regulations about shav- ing, but no regimental officer is allowed the privi- lege of ordering in what style, the men are to be shaved. The Canadians wanted to know, you know, why the Americans {par excellence) could not live in peace with their Indians as they did. However, an Indian war broke out in Canada; and, while the Americans were speculating how the Canadians would deal with their rebels, an Indian war broke out in Arizona and New Mexico. Geronimo, an Apache chief, went on the war-path with 96 squaws, 8 half-grown boys, and 34 bucks. With these renegades, he killed 30 settlers within a radius of 24 miles, mutilating the dead bodies in so horrible a way aa to be beyond recognition. Geronimo was subsequently joined by 6 bucks, 26 squaws, and numerous papooses. With these reinforcements, he killed 68 settlers, and created a regular war scare. These were followed by six troops of the 10th U.S. Colored Cavalry (for whom the Indians have the most profound contempt), and ten troops of the 4th U.S. Cavalry; and were over- taken at a place called the Devil's Park. A battle ensued: 1 Indian was killed, 1 papoose, 9 ponies or mustangs. ; 2400 rounds of Government ammunition captured ; and 3 soldiers and 2 Indian scouts wounded. The Indians again escaped, killing settlers and prospectors, horses and cattle, burning houses, and destroying all sorts of property. They travelled at the rate of 65 miles a day, whereas 40 miles a day was all that could be knocked out of the troops. The latter, to the number of 1200, coming from all quarters, at last surrounded the Indians, who then surrendered. Figaro would like to see the comments made by the Canadian press on the outbreak of Geronimo, the Apache renegade, and the trouble it gave the U.S. War Department to quell it; and of the American press on the outbreak of Louis Riel, the Indian rebel, and the little trouble it gave the Canadian military authorities to stamp it out. Figaro's Captain-Colonel says that the only good Indian he ever saw, was a dead Indian, for the squaws are as bloodthirsty as the bucks. It is only just for the C.C. to explain that the Apaches are the bravest as well as the best horse-riders of the Ameri- can Indians (squaws as well as bucks), and that their mustangs are only equalled in endurance by the Australian bush horses. On the other, hand, the Canadian lndians are very timorous, and go on foot, or use canoes. It is not often that the Townsville Garrison Battery has a good muster, but I am informed it " mustered well on Thursday, July 2. Had the men been pro- mised new uniforms ? Were suspicious guns heard outside Magnetic Island ? Were there unaccountable rustlings amid the foliage, and watch-fires seen in the back ranges, suggestive of a Muscovite debarka- tion at Baretta Creek ? Not at all. Listen: "The Battery men received the encampment pay at Ser- geant-Major Green's quarters, Lieutenant Hodel acting as Paymaster. The total amount paid over was £55" They then proceeded down Flinders-st., unlimbered, and loaded; range, 1000 yards (that's what most of it kills at). We know Hop Bitters are above and beyond all as a nutri- ious tonic and curative. Read thoroughly the 