IRoveUst DAN LYONS' DOOM. By WAIF WANDER. CHAPTER IX. — (Continued.) ' Sinco about two o'clock, as far as I can loam, and since thon poor little Daniel has been to all their old haunts in searoh of her. But, my dear madam, she must bo found. I . have told you that scores of mon aro in search of her.' Sho was gazing at him as if hor lifo hung on his words Sho was weighing every ono of them as though to catch some hope sho could not feel, and then sho burst into a torrent of pleading and reproof, ond prayers that sadly approached a blasphemy that would havo uhooked horself in calmer moments. ' You are playing with me, only, Mr. Pol lard ; how could you, such an old friend, a man who was valued and respected by my dead husband, how could you como to toll mo in earnest that my child, my all is lost ? How could she bo lost ? Guardian is with hor. Do you know what lost means in Australia ? It means lying dead in tho bush, with tho eaglo liawks picking out her eyes. How daro you hint suoh a thing to mo ? As if a God could dare to bo so cruel as to treat my darling bo 1 ' Evon as sho stopped, suddenly she dropped to tho ground as ono stricken dead, but as thoy hastened to raise her it was soon ovi dent, from the strong convulsions of her limbs, that tho poor woman was in a serious fit. 'Itun for Dr. Syme, Daniel,' cried Mr. Pollard, 'let us carry her iu to her own bed, Ellen, now that the violence of tho lit is exhausted.' CHAPTER X. tady'b secret. We return again to tho Nuggot claim, where, as tho evening shades deepened, our friend Tady was preparing to leave tho gully for the night. He had shared tho supper of tho two now men, who woro in future to sleep on the claim, and the groat lire they had built up against an oid fallen tree was throwing strong gleams of red light against the sides of tho gully opposite to it, and up on tho crooked dead branches straggling abovo it. The shadows were deepening, too, as the last beams of light faded from the west, and strik ing eontrasts wero growing out in queer dark shapes behind tho glowing liro that warned Tady it was timo to bo off. ' Say a prayor boforo yo turn in boys,' he advised, for be tho powers it's a lonely place.' ' Are you afraid of ghosts, Tady ? ' asked ono of the Dorans, laughingly, tako another sup of tho grog boforo you go, and the ghosts wont trouble you on the way baok. Vor my part, I've got a six-chambered revolver in my bolt, and I havo moro faith in the effects of that than I havo in a waggon-load of prayers.' ' No, I've had enough of tho drink, Tady returned, as he pulled up his trowsers prepara tory to what ho himself would havo called 'taking tho road,' 'an' if you had twenty revolvers a prayor would bo bettor than 'em all as regards that spot.' Ho pointed to the murder olaim as ho said good night and turned his baok upon it gladly, and yot wi£h a due reeolleotion of the lonoly way ho had to go before ho rcachcd tho township. Far had it been from Tady's intention to let tho darkness find him away 1 from Marranga, but it had been a day of great \ . incitement, and poor Tady had found the \ .young Dorans' grog so recuperating that it had beon to him, in a certain sense, the waters of oblivion. Ho would not for fifty pounds havo faced tho hour in that spot had it not been for tho courage inspired by the 'aups' he had imbibed, and ovon now its strongth was dyiug out, as lie tramped loudly to keep liiinsolf company in tho deepening shadow of Murder Gully. It it lnid not beon for tho ono foot that he was suporstitious, Tady would havo been a happy — a perfectly happy man that night. His ono hope, tho hope, nay almost certainty, which had led him bock from tho Old Land ovor all those watery miles, was accomplished — tho claim was a golden one ; and now that a now feeling, or rathor tho revivification of an old ono as 'lovo' was an almost normal condition with Tady, had arisen in his heart tho gold had made his darling Nora moro than a bopo with him. ' An' why shouldn't I ? ' ho soliliquised as he began to think of the girl, and half forgot his surroundings, ' I'm a rich man, and the world is before mo ; why should thoy dony mo Nora ? Av ooorso she's bethor nor mo all out j I don't deny that, sure she's a priest's siBther, but I'm sober an' honest, and hove the main thing,' ond he sloppod his pocket significantly. A few quiok steps onward, ond ha stopped suddenly. 'Bedod, I don't see why I shouldn't go ovor this minnit and soo tho'orathur ; sure she doesn't know of mo luok yet, for it isn't afthorj tolling lier I'd bo itself afore Mr. Leonard. Faix I'll go — it isn't much out of mo way at all.' ThuB decided [he' turned to the left out of Jiho gully instead 'of keeping to the right down by tho creek.1 St. Horrioks, as it was always callod, was but a short half milo from tlio ond ot tlio gully, but tojroach tho cottago Tady had to cross tho track that lod lip to tho cometory. As ho was crossing it a long howl, or rathor whino came down tlio /hill to his cars, and ho started to almost run, with all liia old fooling of superstitious foar re vived. 'Bad cess to it for a placo,' ho muttered, ' 'twas ovor on' always o lonesomo road up thero of o night ; but sinco that black day in tho Gully 'tis worse. Lord, botuno ub an' all harm, I wondor if it is a dog at all.' At tho samo spot noar tho fcnco of St. Herrick's, wlioro ho had first spokon to Nora Brady, Tady paused to examine tho sur roundings, and speculoto on his ohanco of seeing tlio girl on this oocosion. In tho shadow of tho shrubberies it was now so nearly dark that tho light in tho only room that would appoor inhabited showed liko a glare among tho thick, dark ivy that coatod the wall; this window was near an onglo of tho main building, where a aido wing abutted, and Tady knew it was tho window of Father James' room. ' It looks as if thoy aro oil in bed,' thought tho Irishman, as he bent ovor tho fonco and looked all round tho houso, 'though it'soarly yet. That's tho priest's windy, on' by all ac counts lio keeps a light burnin' on till mornin' ; I'd bo afeard to whistle, ho might hear mo, and Noro'd get into trouble over mo. I wonthor whatl'll do?' As ho was wondering, a shout so hoarso, so atrident, so suggestive of somo awful and un known horror rang around his ears that ho raised his hands to them as if to shut it out ; his owes, however, turned toward the lighted window, from wliioli tho noiso seemed to pro ceed. Staring ot it ho sow for a moment cast on tho curtain, tho Bhadow of a man who scomod to be twisting ond writhing about out of all human form, ond tho heart of tho torri fiod man seemed to stop for a moment in absolute fear. 'In tho naino of heaven,' ho muttered, dropping ono hand to oross himself, ' is it murder that is goin' on an' I etondin' horo doin' nothin'? If I thought 'twaa that I've o strong pair av hands, but what would I do at all if it's in ono of his tantrums he is, and ho to see mo?' A moment's silonco, as tho shadow sud denly disappeared from tho blind, gavo Tady courago to bound over tho fcnco and begin to creop nearer to tho window. Ho would try and satisfy himself by listoning nearer, orper chonco by seeing, if ha had an opportunity, and thon if ho could help ha would mako his presence known, and assist tho priest if neces sary. That was the doeision that mado Tody creop along by tho fenoe until ho had reachcd tho port of it that was only soparated from the wing of tho cottoga by tho width of a pathway, and thon he darted across and stopped again to listen in tho shelter of the ivy-clod house itself. Ho was now so close to tho window itsolf that by spreading himself along tho wall ho could have touched it ; but ho was afraid to rustle the ivy in the silonco which seemed to him almost unnatural. He could hoar tho beating of his own heart, until suddenly again o voieo spolto loud, fierce words, and ho recognised it as tho voice of Father James. ' I havo you on the hip now, mine enemy,' wero tho opening words of triumph ap parently, and then there was a shriek of Buoh diabolical laughter that Tady trembled. ' There is a talisman that will frighten you out of my path for ever 1 Ho 1 I havo told many a lie since I saw your living face ; if you haven't better company than me by this timo, and something else to do besides haunting my life, curse you I ' A pauso then, and a gibbering such as ono may hear in the coll of a maniac, and then a fresh shout and a seufllo as if of half-a- dozon men. Tady wob Bololy afraid, but ho was olso vory curious to see what was going cn in the priest's room Besides ho had had various hints that hor brother was queer, from Nora — a queornesB that the girl attributed entirely to his temper, but which Tady began to suspect might pro ceed from insanity ; at all events, he ventured to crawl, little by little, nearer tho window, and to at last get his faco pushed through tho ivy screen quite close to it. Tho window was a low oottago one, aud an accident favored Tady'a espial — ono of tho tacks which had supported the corner of the wliito blind had given way, and tho corner had dropped, leaving the space of a hand breadth of the gloss uncovered. This space was abovo Tady'a oyes, but he Boon raised them to its level by placing his foot in a nook of the strong ivy-stome, and holaing a firm grip of another nook above him. What was it, then, that the poor follow saw that had such a terrible effect on many awful weeks of his innocent life ? What dis covery did he moke that drovo rest from his pillow, flosh from his bones, and peace from his mind for a time that ho remembered with dread and horror during all his after lifo ? Ho saw in tho middle of the room ho was peeping into, a man whom lio could not im mediately recognise as Father James Brady. This man was undressed to his shirt and trousors, and had the sleeves of tho former rolled up, showing his thin bare arms. The head ol this man was tonsured — Tady saw that— but his faco was not the face of the priest. It couldn't bo ; that face, distorted with a terrible, fierce passion, with oyes aglare with fear and horror, with tho moisture of ghastly suffering, falling in great drops from his haggard cheeks, had no resemblance to that of tho white-faced priest, even as ho had beon during his attack in the gully a fow hours previously 1 And yot it was a faco that seemed somehow terribly familiar to Tady, yot lio could not tell how or why. Staring at it in puzzled bewil derment that seemed still to fascinate him, he wotohed tho man's Btrango movements, ond listened to his awful words, shouted aloud as if there were no human cars to listen within wido miles, Who was ho talking to ? Thero waB no living boing within the room, yot ho sent his wild jibes at Bomo object he glarod at, and ho waved something he called his ' talisman ' in tho imaginary faco of a foe. Within a oirclo of many feet thero was not around him a tan gible object, yot at short intervals he seemed to grasp something in his long thin arms, and struggle with it, throwing ond writhing his limbs as it appeared around other limbs, panting meanwhile with fierce, hot pantB, un til ho staggered against the wall exhausted and faint, to be revived when ho regained strength to reach a bottlo and gla'ss, and pour a fiery draught down his hot throat. It was a fearful sight, yet ono that poor Tady's eyes clung to in on awful ourioBity. What likeness was it that haunted him as ho watched tho man's face? Whoso voice did tho awful shouts and anathemas of this man remind him of ? What, again and again he asked himself, what was tho object with which ho seomed to threaton his unseen adversary as ho waved it wildly in tho air. ' Foiled again I ' ho would shout, ' tho touch of that is bettor than any exorcism 1 I'vo tried that you know. Bell, book and candle, ha 1 ha 1 ha I as if they would avail anything in my hands ; but I have beaten you you know, you cannot oross that— beaten you with your own weapons too. Ha 1 ha 1 ha I Again a season of panting rest, with tho light of the lamp full in his face, and tho fingors around whioh his ' talisman ' was turned was pressed hard against his left side only to suddenly attack his enomy again until again exhausted. 'Your curse, is it? The curse of Sfi Herriok under his own roo £ I Ha I ha 1 ha Much I core fortil. Soo it every day until I die, oh? Well, who cares? I am not afraid of it now.' It was whon he stoggorod onco moro ogainBt tho woll gasping ond completely worn out that Tady how at lost tho nature of his talis man — it was a long trosa of polo, fair hair, ond thoro woro clinging, dork spots upon it ; but it was not that whioh mado Tody's fingors unloo3o thoir olasp upon tho ivy, and his norvoless limbs bend boneath him ; lie had recogniscd tho likenosu in that terrible face, and shrank from it in an overwhelming horror. ' My God, havo morcy upon mo 1 ' ho cried, in his oxtromity as ho climbed ovor tlio fence and hastened from tho awful spot. ' What'll I do ? whot'll I do ot all, at all ? What Bin is on mo sowl that this Bocrot ia to lio upon mo liko o lump ov load that'll drag mo down into tho grave, so it will ? ' Forgotten was all poor Tady's fanoiod lovo for Nora at that supremo moment, forgotten all his superstitious fears of tho lono darkness around him. When he had got so far away from St. Horrick's that ho neod not dread pursuit, should tho man lio had beon watch ing havo overheard his suddon fall and de parture, ho dropped down on tho grass ond buried his honest faco in his trembling, labor-rough hands. Oh, no, thoro was no thought of Nora just then. Tho lonely sound of tho soughing breeze among tho rustling leaves was un heard by liim, and lio did not see the moon ray that crept up his kneo3 as tho moon in her first quarter nearcd the tops of tho trees in tho west. A bright Btreak. it was, filtered through the waving leaves, and restless liko them. Sometimes it glanced under tho brim of his hot, and sometimes glintod past his bowed shoulders, but Tady saw it not — ho sow nothing, and thought of nothing but the dreod secret that he ought to toll, and that ho must keep for tho soko of many hundreds of souls other than his own. Ho murmured bis thoughts occasionally and unwittingly, ond groaned in on agony that ho hod never felt in physical pain. 'Thero is no ono but Mr. Leonard,' he muttered, ' and I daren't tell him, for I know whot ho would soy — but how can I tell it, and ho a priest ? No matter what's post and gone, ho has worn the holy vestments, and for tho honor of my churoh I mustn't spake I Oh God Almighty, help a poor sinner, for I don't know what to do 1 ' Tady got up after this cry for help, and marched on his way to tho township. Ho had to cross tho littlo bridge over the creek near Mrs. St. Herrick's cottage, and he saw lights Hitting about from window to window, but he took no notice, for as yet ho did not know anything of Designation being lost, or hor mother's serious illness. Tho garden, with its palo flowers, lay in the moon and shadow silently as ho passed— almost as silently as their off-shoots lay on that grave up in tho lone cemetery, but how could poor Tady know that never ogain would tho Bweet child bend over them, or pluck a blossom from their stems ? Tho bedroom Tady oocupied at the quiet hotel thoy still remained at was at the back, with a door opening from it direct into tho yard, and ho would liavo stolen round to it quietly only that the landlord was watching tor him, ond saw him as ho passed the bar door. ' Stop, Connor 1' he oried, ' I havo a mes sage for you.' ' A message f rom who ?' the poor fellow asked, as he turned back un willingly. ' From Mr. Prossor ; ho has been here look ing for you, and wants you to go down to tho claim as soon as you oomo back.' ' I can't,' said Tady, heavily ; ' I'm dead beat, and lit for nothing but bed. What oan he wont me there for at this time o' night.' 'Don't you know? Haven't you heard? Good lord, the whole place is ringing with itl' ' I heard nothing ; what is it ?' ' Why, Mrs. St. Herrick's little girl is lost, and everyone that could has turned out after her. It's the queerest thing, too, for the little girl knew ovory inch o£ the country, and that great dog of their's was with her. Wo are beginning to be afraid that she's met with foul play, and the poor mother has takon it to heart so that she's got a stroke or some thing.' 'Met with foul play 1' They were tho last words of tho man's explanation that fell upon Tady's ears, and thoy fillod them to tho ex clusion ot all else for o time. Resignation St. Hcrrick had met with foul play, and was lost 1 Resignation St. Horriok had long, pole, fair hair ; what about that ' talismaii' Father James raved about, and twisted in his fingers ?' Tady uttered an exclamation of horror, and leaned heavily ogainst the bar near him. He could not speak, but he motioned to the landlord to be supplied from a decanter at hand. ' My word but you do look ill, Tady I Whatover's up with you ? Drink that off and see if it will bring the life into you.' Tady obeyed, but the draught brought no colour to his white oheeks ; and, refusing a repetition of the dose, he went out to his room, and threw himself upon his bed. Of tho battle he fought there, ho never spoke but onco, and that was long after to his young foster- brother ; but he fought it alone and in silence, Bave to Him who heara the very tlioughta of the humblest of His creatures. It wob quite two hours afterwards that Leonard tried the door of Tady's room, and found it fastened. Tady hoard him, but dreading to meet the young man's keen eyes, he took no notice of the attempt to gain ad mittance. Leonard was not, however, to bo put off that way, for the landlord's acoount of his humble friend's looks had alarmed him, and he spoke sharper thon was his wont in his determination to soo for himself what wob the matter. ' I know you're insido Tady,' was what ho said, ' ond you may as well let mo in at once, for in I'll get.' The distracted man opened the door in stantly, and felt grateful for the darkness that hid his face fromfjhis kind young master's gaze. 'You are sick ond in the dark Tody; whot is tho matter ? ' Leonard asked, as ho struck a match and lit tho chamber candlo ha know was upon the littlo table. Thero was no answer, ond whon tho wiok had ignited, gathered nutriment ond throw out a sufficient light to seo by, young Prosscr turned round and looked at Tady. Tho Irishman was sitting on tho odgo of his bed supporting himself, as it were, on his hands, which, at either side of him, were spread upon tho countorpane. Ho was staring at the floor before him with his head bowed and an indesoribablo air of misery and hopelesBnes3 prevoding overy line of his figure. To tell tho truth, Leonard had found himself slightly influenced by Charlie Ellis's persistent assertion that Tady was under tho influence of drink, but one look at the well known face assured him that it was not so. ' What's the matter with you Tady ? ' No reply again. 'Aro you sick? Speak my friend, fori must know.' The Irishman broke down altogether at the gentle 'my friend,' and it was with^an almost savage energy that he oried 'out — ' ' For tho lovo of God don't ask me Mr. Leonard 1 don't, don't, for I can't tell you !'' ' I muBt ask you Tady,; for it you aro sick I must go and bring tho dootor to you.' ?' Oh I'm not siok Mr. Leonard 1 I wonts no dootor at all, at all.l -but for the love o' God I say ax me no questions 1 ' ' A queer thing to sSy to meat this timifof doy Connor. I should liavo thought twico before saying suoh a thing to you. Ara wo going to begin to havo socrcts from each other bo late in lifo old follow? ' ' I can't liolp it sir I I can't indeed I Oh Mr. Leonard, thero aro things that no one man oan toll another after all 1 ' ' Thoy must bo very serious things Tady ; no suoh can oxist between you ond me.' ' I nx it of you for tho sako of my mother, tho woman that suckled you, sir, not to ques tion mo. There's somothing on my mind that will kill mo soon, I pray, but that I must carry to my grovo a sooret. Look, sir, I'd lay down my lifo for you, you know that woll, but I cannot tell you this, and don't torture mo by axing.' ' I do not understand it, Tody, but I will only ask you ono thing — surely you oro more of a man to fool this way ovor o girl liko Nora Brady ; if it iB o quarrel with hor that has put you into this state of misery I cannot pity you.' ' Oh, Mr. Leonard, don't name her to mo I it's not that I oh, Lord, it it was only that I'd dio happy I ' ' And you oan't explain ? ' ' I can't, indeed, sir.' 'Well, Tady, tho day will come when you may toll mo, I hope, and whon I may at loast try to comfort you, so I will say no moro now. Isn't this an awful thing about that poor child?' ' I only heard o tow words from tho land lord as I kom in, Mr. Leonard — havo yo no thraco ov her?' 'None of hor, exactly. Ellia and I found tho dog in the bush behind tho cemetery road. It seems he had beon howling off and on all tho evening, but was silent shortly after sun down. It is o very mysterious oaso, Tody. The dog Guardian has been stabbed, and has been losing blood little by littlo until he could hold up no longer. Ho was nearly unconscious whon wo carriod him homo, aud he has, it seems had o sovore blow on the head also that Dr. Grey thinks must havo rendered him un conscious,' Tady's only response to this information was a heart-rending groan. ' Wo aro to commence a regularly orga nised search as soon as it is daylight,' the young gentleman went on, ' for tho partial moonlight only made tho shadows deeper and more puzzling, but I am sadly afraid, Tady, that the pretty ohild, who was tho first to greot us on Marranga, has ;mot with foul play.' Met with foul play I there wore tho same words again to ring like a shout in poor Tady's oars. Mot with foul play I and who had done tho foul deed ? What was lie to do ? How to bear this awful burdon of onother man's Beorot ? He could not do it alono and live ; ho must tell it to some ono or dio. ' I think thero will be some change in the working ot No. 1,' said Leonard, when he was leaving the room. ' I mot Conn. Brady going to the coach to-day, and ho told me the work was not agreeing with him. I suppose lio has gone to town for advico ; it is strange how littlo faith tho peoplo hero have in Dr. Syma, for he seems to me a olever and intelli gent man. Good-night, Tady — if there is not an improvement in you by tho morning, I shall bring him to see you no matter what you say about it.' ' Stop a minnit, Mr. Leonard. If you don't see me here in tho mornin' don't bo frightened, for I'll start at break of day for Yawbenaok, it's only o walk of ton miles, and I'll get a lift book in the coach, so I can be here by din ner time.' ' Yawbenaok ? What do you want there ? ' There's a priest there, sir, a regular cler gyman,' Tady replied in o low voice. 'That's right, Tady; I quite believo in that step ; good night again,' and so poor Tody was left to battle alono with his awful secretin tho day broke in the oast. CHAPTER XI. DAN 1 A terriule night had been spent at tho cot tage by poor Ellen Griffiths, the boy Daniel's mother. Under the sedatives prescribed by Dr. Grey Mrs. St. Herriok had slept a greater part of tho night, but it was a sleep broken by cries of torror and utterances of such Btronge words, that Ellon listened to them with an awful wonder that deepened into fear as the night wore on. Sho was not alono in her watch, for kindly Fanny Clarke had come over as soon aa the sad condition of Mra. St. Her ricks had been made known at the farm. ; but as the patient still slept, [though uneasily, Ellen had persuaded the young girl to go to rest until toward morning. ' I eon oall you if you oan help me, Miss Clarke,' Bhe aaid, ' and when you come fresh to relievo me I shall ba glad of a rest you may bo euro.' And I am to leave you all alone ? ' Fanny asked doubtfully. 'No, not alone, my boy Daniel is to stay with me. I shall make him a bed up on the sofa in tho next room, whero I can see him and wake him if it should bo necessary.' ' And you will call me in a couple of hours, Ellen?' ' I will call you as Boon as ever I feel in need of rest — I promise you that.' And so Mrs. St. Herriok slept on and mut tered or murmured in her sleep, with ever and anon a wild cry of terror, at which Ellen's hand v/ould bo laid on her hot forehead, and Ellen's low voice whisper soothing words in her half unconscious ear ; and Daniel sat crouching over the fire that had beon lit in the next room, the picturo of hopeless despair pitiful to see at his boy's years. ' Daniol, my dear, you had bettor go to bed,' hia mother whispered as sho came from the invalid's ohambcr and stood beside her son ; ' I hava mado you a comfortable bed there on tho sofa, land I shalljlbe quite near you all night.' ' Oh, mother, how oan I rest or sleep whon wo do not know whero poor Resignation is I She may ba bleeding slowly to death some where, as Guardian was ; how could I sleep 1' ' My dear, sho is in God's hands,' Ellon whispered softly, 'and wo oan do no moro now until daylight. Wouldn't it bo bettor, thon, for you to try and sloop so na to bo strong to-morrow ond bettor able to liolp than if you weop your oyos out all night ?' The poor lod nestled against liis mother's side, and her arm drew him closely to hor. ' If I knew sho was doad, mother, it would not bo so bad, but to think sho may bo suffer ing and tortured — oh, it is hard I You oan't know how fond wo children wero of eaoh other, mother. It seems a part of myself that is gono. Wo havo spont so many sum mer days together in the bush and up at tho grave that I do not think thero was ono thought wo did not tell, ond now ? ' ' And now, my dear, Resignation may bo looking into her own father's faco in Heaven.' ' Do you think bo roally, mother ?' ' I do, dear. From tho foot of Guardian's being wounded I fear wo have lost her, but it will be her gain.' ' Who could kill Resignation ? ' tho boy cried fiercely, as lie drew himself from Ellen's embrace and looked into her eyes for on answer. 'Everyone loved her, she was so gontle and good and pationt always, who coh!(Z injure her? Mother, there is only ono villain in the world that eould hurt her, ond that was tho man — the monst'jr that buriod her father alive 1' ' Hush, Daniel, oh hush 1' (To be continued.) Spice Cake.— One cup of sugar, tablespoon ful of butter, one egg, ono cup of sour milk, one teaepoonful of soda, spice to taste, flour chough to moke a thick batter, 