BKAWUOLHE. (rr.osi oub own cobbespoxdest.) Dec. 7. Tne annual licencing meeting was held at the Court -house on Thursday last (3rd inst.) bofore Mr. F. K. Otme. P.iL, and Messrs. T. W. Smith and \Y. Howartb, J's.P., when renewals of licences were granted to John <-»ougij (Branxholme Hotel), \MUiam G ought j;mr. (Junction Hotel), and Edward ; Oough, of tbe Greenbills Hotel, Condah. A new licence was granted to David Johnston, of the Commercial Hotel, and a wine and spirit licence to M. M. Silberberg for Branxholme i;nd Condah. The whole of these licences wuie granted without any opposition from the police, aud tbe Court adjourned. At tbe Police Court, held afterwards, Thomas Maxwell aud William Dycer were charged by the Police with insulting behaviour at Condib last October. The case was proved in each instance, and as Maxwell has been before the BcDch several times for similar offences, be was fined £4 or 2S days' im- prionment, and Dycer £2 or 14 days. The lines were pant, ana me L«cncn aamomsnea the men that if brought there again, tne heaviest fine would be meted out to them. This was rhc only case before the Court, Things in railway matters have been lively on the Casterton liue last week, there being several special trains ruuniug with fat stock, etc , from Heuty. Tbe cattle were in prime conditiou and were consigned to Ballarat. Another " special " conveying the arbitrators iu connection with tbe lawsuit pending between the Government and the contractors of the Casterton line, arrived oo Friday- and proceeded to Casterton at noon. They minutely inspected the line where the deviations and cuttings exist, and which are tiie causes of the trouble, have now tbe necessary data to work upon. A handicap rifie match took place last Saturday between the members of this club. The weather was gloriously tine for shooting, and gome nineteen members shot for the trophies presented by Messrs. Gongb ami Best. The handicap was unknown until the match was over, which naturally made every man shoot his best. Mr. John- sou handicapped, and the keenest interest wa« evinced \\\y all. Tbe ranges were 200, 300 and 400 y ard s, fi ve sh ots a t each range, Mr. Juliu Googh, who was reckoned, not to have the ghost of a chance, completely " Battened out" that opinion by whining first prize— a sih er-rcapot. He scored 2S points and had a splendid handicap of 35, W. Flowers (scratch) being close on his path with 62 points, and McLean carrying off third honors ; the second and third prizes were 2>Kl and 100 rounds of ammunition res pectively- The inimitable " ever-green " " blue- tailed fly " celebrity, is again in onr midst. He purposes playing on "Wednesday and Thursday next, and I trust tbe neighbour hood will roll np and give him a bumper bouse. " Old Billy," as he is familiarly known, looks as well and as hearty as ever, and judging by tbe manner, be eo kindly eaug to a few friends "Tommy Best's Coffin" assured us that his voice and beaming smile weie ' still there." 