Queen's Birthday at St. Mary's. (BY JAPONIC) Our little town was almost deserted on Queen's Birthday. At quite an early hour, the rattling of wheels moving westward could be heard, every kind of vehicle, loaded - or rather overloaded - bound for Penrith Park bullock roast and sports. A cricket match was our only attraction. This match finished the season, and has been looked forward to with interest and pleasure by both the South Creek chaps and the Kents, whom the South Creek Unions played on this occasion. Our boys met the Kents at the South Creek Railway Station, and they were conveyed to the Commercial Hotel, where host Byrnes received them right heartily, and presented them with the freedom of the city. Donning their "go-to meetings," they proceeded to the square, where a good wicket was set. Having won the toss, the Kents decided to go to the wickets, and when the last stump fell, the board showed 40. It being the sweet hour of dinner, we all formed fours and travelled. But, now I remembor that it wasn't dinner. it was a banquet, the annual banquet. The Commercial Hotel is noted for its excellent spreads, and I think this one eclipsed all former ones. Mr. J. K. Lethbridge, J.P., President of the South Creek Cricket Club, occupied the chair, Mr. W. Fleming, treasurer of the same, the vice-chair. Several letters of apology were read from those who wish the Club well, previous en gagements preventing them being present. Among those letters was one from Mr. T. B. Perry, enclosing a cheque for five guineas, to be given to the best batsman of the season. While regretting his absence, he remarked that while absent in person, he was present in spirit. Some one remarked "Why that's Perry's Ghost." The usual loyal toasts having been drank with enthusiasm, the Chairman, in propos ing them spoke at some length on the necessity of our loyalty in these threatening times. He spoke in glowing terms of our boys going to the Soudan, and reckoned this had sent the colony 50 years ahead. Mr. Fleming proposed "Our Guests " and referred to the many happy meetings with the Kents, and he hoped they would have many more. Cricket, he said, when played with the Kents, was just what it was in tended to be - friendly, manly, free from profanity and larrikinism, Mr. C. Pallett responded for the Kents, and said they were always treated so well at South Creek that they preferred coming there to any sports in Sydney. He hoped they would meet again, and on similar circumstances. Mr. W. Garner also supported the toast, and in a very humorous speech, dwelt at some length upon the moral effect the manly gamo of cricket had upon boys generally. He was not a cricketer himself, but liked to be a patron of it. Mr. J. R. Woodlands, proposed "The Ladies." Being a bachelor, he knew very little of the subject at all. He was not at that time under any compliment to the fair sex, and did not even owe a kiss to woman kind. He felt quite free on that account to speak of them as he found them. Dr. Talmage had said "The best thing God ever made was a good woman," and Byron said " the worst thing the devil made was a bad one." He hoped their own personal experience led them with Talmage, rather than Byron. He wished to couple the names of their hostess and her young assistants with the best things God made, and whose health he asked them to drink. Mr. A. Mitchell proposed "Success to Cricket," and referred to the pleasures it gave them all to meet the Kents at home or abroad. He believed in cricket as cricket, and not as a profession. This was suitably responded to'. The health of the Chairman was proposed by Mr. James Pillett, and heartily re sponded to The game was again resumed, but it had to be decided in the first innings, in favor of the Kents, with 6 runs to spare. About twenty sat down to tea, and a social hour was spent afterwards most pleasantly, until the time came for the Kents to leave for home. 