IRISH CONTRAST'S. (Standard.) . IRELAND is the land of contrasts.', Theres are no half shades, no subdued' light any-l where. Like the figs in Jeremiah's> Cream, i "the good are very good, and the evil are a very evil, that cannot be eaten, they are so evil." The same country which produced the brutal ferocity of Joe Brady and the cold, calculating cunning of James Carey, ¡ gave us Coghill to die by the colours at' Isandala, and sent seven heroic leaders to fall at Abu Klea. the helpless Joyce i family were butchered in their beds at Maanitrasna ; but -what about the. self sacrificing bravery of the Irish police constable at Westminster the other day, who caught up the exploding mass of dynamite at the risk of his own life 1 Ireland gave birth to O'Donovan Rossa, but she has also sent 7 Lord Dufferin to preside over the destinies of India. It is the same everywhere. We are absolutely bewildered by the contradictions of the Irish people. We begin to despair of them sometimes, and lo 1 a, sudden flash of light illumines the horizon, and we know that there are prophets among them still. But what a tangled skein lies around 1 Dignity and impudence, intense vulgarity and aristocratic hauteur, silent heroism and rampant braggadocio, meeting side by side every day we breathe Irish air. Moore has rightly described " Erin with a tear and a smile in her eye ;" Charles Lever rattled off her peculiarities as the land of " potatoes, pigs, and priests, punch, ' pickers,' proclamations, bogs, bulls, and blarney, famines, feasts, and fearful agitation," while someone else says that " the Irish people are all having 1 one another for the love of God." The contrasts begin the moment we arrive at the North Wall, and we are more and more struck by them as we walk along the quays and streets of " dear, dirty Dublin." There are imposingptiblicbuihlingswithdiisty^vindows and muddy steps ; here is a splendid new' bridge with an evil-smelling river under neath ; here are handsome carriages and ricketty shabby outside cars ; here are jewellers' shops glittering with a show of presentation plate, and outside are miserable beggars clamouring for a halfpenny to keep themselves from starving. Close to ¡fnckville-street, with its lofty column and elaborate statue of O'Connell, are < filthy noisome shims, with gaunt grey houses, let out in numerous tenements. from the top windows of these wretched abodes hang frowsy yellow garments that look like the ghosts of clothes, and on the steps sit weird bare-legged children, each huddling an old faced baby, just distinguishable among masses of rags. The contrasts which we see in the principal thoroughfares are even more noteworthy. In London the very poor seem locowcrawayintheirowndena; but in Dublin they come boldly out, and are mixed up with the well-to-do and respectable, so that velvet and rags, magnificence and dirt, soiled fustian and the bust broadcloth, are seen together in curious juxtaposition. Here comes one of those stooping, wizened old cronies, for whom Ireland might well take the prize. She is blear-eyed and yellow skinned, covered by a cloak, green with age, that can barely hold together; and not a yard away from her proudly walks an Irish' beauty, in a thirty-guinea sealskin, with that exquisite complexion which only the humid air of the Emerald Isle seems able to produce. There are plenty of dirty faces to be 8000 in the st, eels, and yet Lady Morgan was light in saying that the Dublin folks are the l"iuostHca-b.itliiiigesl, as well as car-driving test, people in the world." In the summer, , bathing is the order of the day. The Irish girls are far more courageous swimmers than their English sisters ; they take to the water ! like ducks, and (live, float, and swim as to the manner born. It is a positive reproach not to swim. Crowds flock to the water and lines of bathing-places stretch along the coast as far as Bray. A love of bathing and a liking for dirt lim elly seem com- patible ; but this is only another Irish contrast. In fact, yellow and crimson are not more inextricably mixed up in an artist's palette than are the strange contrasts that, exist on Irish soil. Orangemen and Nationalists, the Castle set and the Mansion House Bet, the red and the green-are pitted against one another. What one loves the other States, and vice versa. If an unlucky novelist ventures to depict some of the scenes which really have occurred in Dublin drawing-rooms, he assented at, and told that he has overdrawn and misrepre- sented Irish ? society. This complaint was made of those very clever novels, " LTogan, M P.," and " Christy Carew; " but in reality they only presented a single phase of Dublin society; there is another, but one side of the shield was enough at a time. There is a legal set a musical set, an, exclusive set into which the pushing citizens who have made their fortunes by trade vainly hope is to enter, J Disinterested' hospitality used to be considered as eminently Irish virtue; but alas ! that has gone the way of all flesh long ago. in the country, districts, among the merry Mountains, the. farmers' wives or daughters blay, offer a glass of milk without expecting a return ; but in' Dublin no one will get Bodinner who cannot give some sort of equivalent for' it." The' old maxim, "Claw me and I'll 'claw you') holds good here, as well as in other parts of' her Majesty's dominions. If a tyre push open the idoors.ofitlu^public-hpuflca, which are society, as it exists in the capital, r rightly' called Wltiskyop'dlia. . If Manchester is nick-named Cottonopolis, Dublin''ought,' in all justice to have the name of Whiskyo'-' polis; (for whisky, and importer are the only trades, fruit really; > flourish in a this country, and Dublin is the capital's Whisky-, done. When ''whisky is in, wit insure to be','out,"''.It Vat the whisky, shops, that the' fiercest^denun¿ution'H, of' English rule v may be heard. The would-be patriots flourish their 'glasses,' and frantically exalt the green above the red. Many; people have been struck by the decay of- humour in Ireland.,, The^enterprisingitour'sbtlooku in vain for the smart repartees, and Witty, answers fields been told to expect, from; every carman he hires. Sullen looks replace the broad'grins'that h¿'ánti¿ipated.' The, fact is undeniable that' during'tlie'laifc'few' years, and especially since the reign of terror iii''81f wise old light-heartedness''andi gaiety have almost vanished ; they flash up; seven times,, but they are no longer, what they, were. We, must, (be,, content,, with studying the different, varieties, of brogue, for they are, thets,tineas ever,' and furnish an inexhaustible supply of material."' Cork, Kerry, Limerick, and "llofíégal all differ from one another, and' each has its own special intonation, very peculiar to English ears' ii , ' n > a II M The approach in g, visit of the Prince and Princess of Wales is certainly hailcsçl.as.ja welcome boon.. The Irish l love excitement, and here is- a prospect of Itl They love show, glitter, bands, processions j and now they are going' to have 'them' "They have long LanguiShed ntideY' the cold shade of neglect, but now there will be sight-seeing and amusement, so their hearts rejoice with in them. If there is slight, so much the better; but the evil visitors','.themselves need not 'fear being molested. ° "Even the order from 9 tile Nationalist" camp is to maie''n'ó'''ilembHs''t'rktíóns,' to display no' bunting; to 'offer no addresses and, fn'factJ,1 to'' preserve a Respectful' i silence. «' The i Nationalist Party steamers popular sports at present ; they bring the grist to the mill, and Irish people cannot subsist long even on the eloquence of Mr. Parnell. But there is no end to the money which the royal visit will circulate in Dublin, so the tradespeople and hotel keepers are out of their wits with joy at the prospect of getting a good haul of English gold. The feminine part of the community I are much exercised as to how they will dress and comport themselves at the draw- ' ing-room, and who will present them. Great 13 the trepidation lest some should be left out in the cold. The lucky ones who enjoy the honour of a London presentation are "literally besieged with applications. "Let us go to the drawing-room or die" is the exclamation of many an Irish fair one. It will be something memorable, at last, to make their curtseys before a real live Princess So Dublin really begins to rub its eyes and wake up in expectation of the great event. Whatever then of will be in the inception of the Prince and Princess, There is sure to be the usual amount of strong contrasts. 