:.::-? general ?WEWS/ ;-.?;?;-? .'..; The water famine is getting to its worst. :'; 5 ^ ?The cholera that has re-appeared at1 Marseilles is sporadic. ?;? .' '. '? . ?? ??'- i-:.;-: .:. ??. ^j:-1 ??-,???:? ; ??' The Gas Company is pushing on with its exten sive works at Mortlake. :'?:? ':?:'?,'.::?, l ?:?: ? .1 : H.M. transport Arab, with our Soudan contin gent aboard, comes with all dispatch for Sydney. The City 'Improvement i Board,1 it is to be pre sumed, is not a public institution, as it transacts all bs business with closed door3. 1; : . ; ,;rr: ; -; The: latest American absurdity is that fashion .bleladies now leave the -visitingcards of the pug1 logs with thehsowri when paying a' call.- ;i ' ' j -? A. bullet which had been eriibedded twenty-two rears dropped fronv the nostril of an old -sailor pf he American War during a fit of sneezing. , ? The London Standard says the Russian Go vernment ha's advanced fresh claims, which' have etarded the progress' of negotiations. The London Dailt News says that a difference ; ixists among the members of the Cabinet regards ngthe renewal of the Irish Crimes Act.' ?? ! Great improvements are being effected at Hrribili 'Point, in the vicinity of Rear- Admiral ['ryon's residence. ' ' ' - : For the administration of the reserve corps the tolony is to be divided into districts, each under he command of an experienced officer. ?;???- ' Authority has been given for the formation of Jl volunteer infantry corps in various parts of the solony. .-. ,.;.' . '?'. : - At a Cabinet meeting held last Friday, the natter of the Post-office carvings was definitely fettled, -the '?.decision being to remove them.' 7 ''.' I : The British Government have only been pariey ng with Turkey, and no other power, with regard io the Italian occupation of Suakim. ? ' ] Mr. Dalley purposes spending a few days shortly n the Riverina district, but his arrangements are lot yet complete. : , V -, ., .' \/:\ '.,]:-?.[ I 'A man who works in a Melbourne distillery slaims to have seen a ghost.' A man who works n a distillery is liable, to see supernatural things —unless his mouth is closed with, a padlock. ; At Silverton Mr. Abbott was -beset by deputa ions asking for help from the Government to neet the requirements of the place :. His promises vere numerous. ? ? ' : ; ? - ' - [? ? The Canadian Pacific Railway, which has just : jeen completed, is 2627 miles in length. lib was: sonstrueted by a syndicate on the land grant sys ;em. .-'?';. ?'? , : .;,,.., ;- \ ? The Government have resumed possession of ?the .and at Watson's Bay set apart for a Zoological' Station with a view to its being devoted. to mili -ary purposes. . : ; The arrangements for the torpedo defence of ihe colony, are now complete.' In' the event of war bhe Eastern Channel ? of : , Port' ; Jackson ; will' be mined.- ? : ' ?. ;- ? : '??? : ? ??????!? -???? ?? [?'???:.:?..:? ?:;-.::'; .????? ?: ? A SERioua acaiderit befell the Ministerial party it Silverton by the upsetting of two conveyances. Ihe Protestant Bishop of Riverina was thrown to bhe ground heavily, but escaped with a few bruises. Mr. W. R. Wilson had a. miraculous, escape froin death. .; . .. . , . -^ ; Because it was illegal, 'the Full Court set aside bhe sentence of five years' penal servitude passed by Judge Wilkinson at the last Maitland quarter sessions on John Price, convicted of having attempted to steal from the person of a passenger on board the steamer Namoi. i '? AccoRMNa to the City Engineer, there are two unpleasarit alternatives with regard to the water supply — either to submit to our present privations until the rain comes, or spend a quarter of a mil lion on a scheme which may be rendered useless by a shower of rain. . : . '?? ? Mr. F. A. Hagenames has been commissioned by the yictonari .'Society' for :Mission.s VtO tlie Aborigines to visit the north of Queensland ; with a view of establishing' mission stations there. Our Catholic priests have ; been there a long time. ' '?:'. :'.. ,'?' .- .'','??' ??' ? , .:'.-.. ??:' ? -???? : : Alderman W. Deacon, lately Mayor of ?? Sand gate, Queensland, and an old and respected resi dent, fell down in a fit and died before medical aid could be procured. The cause of death was apoplexy. This is the third aldermanic death within a short time from the sarhe cause. The stores that were sent with the contingent had rather a rough time/of it at Suakim. When the English troops carry -spirits they shrewdly label them ' Nubian black,' or ' jalap,' or ' poi son ;' but as ours were labelled truthfully, the Britishers, according to a correspondent, got at them, and went off on ' the drunk.' A narrow escape from a serious conflagration occurred at Newcastle on Saturday evening. Whilst the daughter of Mrs. Prevost, the proprietress of a large fancy goods store in Hunter- street, was lighting up tho windows, a match fell into a box of crackers, causing them to explode, and igniting several articles of drapery and other inflammable material. The flames got a strong hold of tho counter and ceiling, and were only extinguished after considerable difficulty. '. ,-' : ''.I . -' The Australians who went away, to fight iri the Soudan are to receive medals, although they were not called upon to do much 'fightingV They were willing to fight, they hungered arid :. thirsted after fighting, : they were berserk every one, and: that they hold it to be the hardest of all hard fates that they liave'not been permitted to fight: andj moreover, we sent them to fight, arid therefore we all deserve the medals, for we shall all have a share in them. , In- the report of the sittings of the Water Con servation Commission at Narrabri and Gunnedah; we read how one squatter has put down and watered 40 acres, and said immediately, Prepare me 4-00 more ; how another is contemplating1 tc irrigate 2300 acres ; and yet another saya he can see his way to storing 3000 or 4000 tons of fodder every year. If the big statesmen and the big capitalists would but conspire together to make the best of it, how that life /pastoral might leap out of its fetters and its groans. Dam the rivers \ hold the floods ; pump up the underground' Beaa. Thb Guards' whpwere at' Suakim still remain on. board the troopships, at Alexandria. , . Mr. Dalley ^wni'bie'.entertainedj at1 a banquet in Wagga Wagga iiext week/' .' : ' ' -'':'!.'.' '-'.i LoiiD Wolseley ;has,.arrived '',&&' Cairo, where he will remain for 'the .present. ' ' . ,';': ' ' ' , . . L '?'' ' The death/is ' anriourixjed' of; Victbr . Hugo^ ]the great French. riiari of cletters,;iri his 8ith,year.; The inhabitants' of : Kogarah and Hiirst ville de cline to ariialganiate. ' ' '''.! ' : ' ? - ?' ? ii! '; - . ' Colonel Richardson is to be made a Companion of the Bath. -Hehas'dorie nothing 'to 'deserve it. ,TirE Victorian Agent-General wires that.'moriey in London is urilendable. ':'' ? :;'' ?nx': ' ' ' The steamer Stirling Castle, which is being fitted up at Malta as a cruiser, will probably come to Australia. ? SeverIal boys -l were'- 'fined at the Central- -Police on Tuesday, for havirig let off fireworks in the 'streets;' '''v-'-' '. ''\:.'; ' ' ..- '' '''' ' : ' ' \ It is rumoured in political circles'that the Hon. Alex. Stuart will be .the recipient of a mark of Royal favour,1 V '; ' / ArMEnTiNG is tobeheld at Giindagai to considei* 'whether or not the'.resignation of Mr. James Wat son, M.P:, shall be handed to the Speaker. A irANwas'fined'^^lOs and costs the other day for rib't; paying the charges for watering sheep within the public watering place at Mossgiel. .' ? Siii Donald Stewart, Commander-in-Chief of the Indiari forces, has arrived at Herat, where he met with an enthusiastic 'welcome. ;: : ' Queen Victoria completed her 66th birthday oa Snnday. , She has sat on.the throne fbr nearly 48 'years; :' ' : :';': ''i; .''? p '?;';i''- ,' ' '??'?!^'-';!-'-'- '?'''' ' v Sincb the capture of Louis Riel; the Indiari re bellion in Canada is subsiding, arid, a riuriiber of tribes have given in their allegiance. ' The superior officers' of the New South Wales contingent are to have the title of C.M.G. attached to' their names. A doubtful'compliment.' Great complaints as to ,the water, supply in the western' suburbs.' Troops of children are to be seen carrying water in all. sorts of utensils. /' : r In aquatic circles great interest is being riiani .'fested in the coming contest between^ Mess'eriger and' Neil Matter son. '?' The former' is'the'fayourite. ! A child named Efnily 151 ierrori, 'aged two'' years, was burned to death1 on Saturday afte'rrio.onat, her parents' residence, Anglesea-street, Boridi. ! ; A fancy goods warehouse ' in Aucklarid.(N.Z.) was; broken into, and goods of the: value of ^£50O .taken. ',' ' '?:'' ' ' :'';;i; ' :::' '?. \\-':'r; i-!'''i''i: force which was reviewed' in' Sydney ori Queen's Birthday. : , :-:--,^^- t;v., ?????:?-?, ? A fleet, of 15 iroricla,ds, under thecoirimand of Admiral Hornby; 'isuiider orders; for a' cruise round the .Irish cobast, there; to go' 'through: a .series of elaborate manceuvres;- ? :; '*?„:';' ; ' ' . The Victorian 'Executive refused to deal ' with the petitions for! the' release 'of the : Rev. J. A. Dowie and his followers ; until they promised not ? to break1 the law agairi.' ; ' : ; The; opening up of GouLburri-street, which should forin a convenient thoroughfare between the city and the eastern suburbs, will be shortly carried out.' ^V''' ' ?' The R.M.Si;S6fata, 'which sailed on Tuesday for Ldridori, took two boxes; of sovereigns, contain ing' iB10,000. : What a' 'haul'' for a Russian cruiser. . ,;c -';i1 ; SEEiNa'that Sir Henry Park'es has condemned every Land Bill that'was ever proposed, Mr, Ab bott thinks liis corideirination of the present Land Act is of no value. , ; ''?} ?''??? . Colonel Ridgeway, who'has succeeded Sir Peter ;Lumsden as chief of the Afghan Boundary Com«» riiissi6n;: has' gone into summer quarters in the hills to the north of Herat. Four men, three of whom were married and had ?fariiilieSj'were drowned atthe mouth of the Thames ? River, N.Z., by the capsizing of a boat during a galeV THEMahdiismad. He swears by the buniona o£ Mohammed, that if he catches the Corkonian in Khprdof an who avers the False Prophet is a Blarney man from Murister, he'll slice him up. It is said that the natives of New Guinea wonder what all the annexation business means. The Queensland5 'annexation is the most popular, Mr. Chester having given1 them inost presents. ; : The mission teachers; at the Fly River, New' ?Guinea, with1 their wives, had recently to fly front their station on 'account of the natives threatening ; to massacre them . : ; ?? The trial survey for the Colo Valley Railway is proceeding satisfactorily J The latest report states that there is only about six miles of the track along the Colo1 Valley to be; completed. A PROPOsALJhas been made in Melbourne by Dr. Rose and others to establish a temperance hospital in which patients may be treated entirely without the use of alcohol, except in rare cases, in which, it may be prescribed as a drug. Mr. Claude F. Dendy, a wealthy gentleman re cently arrived from England, was refused admit tance into the Melbourne Hospital a few days ago through some blundering. He was taken by the police to the gaol hospital, where he died from pneumonia. The affair is considered a scandal. A youth Patrick Kirwin, met with an accident in Hamilton (Vic.)^by a horse falling upon him while exercising over hurdles, and died in the local hospital from concussion of the brain. A brother of the deceased was killed iri Casterton a short time ago in a similar manner. Although not much more than a twelvemonth. \- has been spent in constructing the aquarium at .the Melbourne Exhibition, it is already of credi table dimensions, and contains about a dozen tanks full of marine specimens, besides, two grottoes, a cave and several seal ponds. Upwards of 100, dif ferent specimens have been procured. The Aqua rium, has cost so far .£4000, and .£100 aw^eek is. regularly taken in admission 'fee's.;.. '.,''' ..._'. ';..' '. _ ? '??'-' \ The Native Minister, in New Zealand will intro duce, on the first day of tho session^ a bill ix- be called the Native Land Disposition.; Bill^ providing for the establishment of- boards in various districts; which shall have the power of dealing with the leas ing or selling of native lands. The greatest tramway company in the world — the North Metropoitan, of London— elected last month, for the, first time, to substitute perma nently steam power for horse traction, the latter having been used by them ever since they began, to earry passengers, nearly a dozen years ago. The Rev. S. Macf arlane, of New Guinea, says he has been considerably amused by the German occupation of the, north of that island. If they succeed, he says, wliich is very doubtful, Australia- ... wilii be benefited. If -tliey fail, they themselves* '- ^ will bear the cost. ? ?' '?- ??:???? ' ? ;,^ , ,. Thb British troops began. rtp evacuate Dongola 'on Wednesday. ' ''?*' ]'\\.i[ '.!,', ,' ?;'; : j . , Ten members of the contingent, all privates, ?were left at Suakirn and Suez owing to illness. They -will return to the colony as soon as possible. The number of deaths from typhoid fever in the city and suburbs, during April, was 33, precisely the number in the corresponding month last year. Thp French ship Pacifique, from Sydney to Iquique -with coal, has been lost in the vicinity of her port of destination. All hands were saved.. XT la rejJULueu. uuciii; m vjOLiii^iU vcssui mutjuuiv landed a party at Milne Bay, New Guinea, drove the inhabitants inland, and took possession of the . place. The public meeting convened by the Mayor in reference to the return of the contingent has been abandoned. The Government will do all that is necessary on the occasion. The report that Bishop Barry has ordered his clergy to refuse to all persons who have contracted marriage with a deceased wife's sister the privi leges of communion with the Church ia exciting much discussion in England. Fuller reports confirm the news that the con tingent at Suakiin found life a little monotonous. They did not take kindly to scrubbing decks on the voyage, nor were they eager to go in for wood ctitting on land. At a meeting of owners and station managers i at Bourke on Tuesday, it was resolved that the only sure preventive of the spread of rabbits is fencing the various stock districts with rabbit proof fencing. The Minister of Mines is surprised at the im mense quantity of useless land that New South Wales possesses in the mallee scrub. He says the unrnh la/nds about Botanv and Iiandwick would be more capable of depasturing stock. The chaplains with the New South Wales con tingent had to fight, on paper, for the privileges of advancing with the troops from Suakim. But they gained the day, being attached to the Guard's Brigade. In an art competition for prizes offered by the Town and Country Journal proprietory Mr. W. ; Macleod, who drew some of the fine portraits which appeared in the Freeman, has been awarded first prize, £75, for his picture on the landing of Captain Cook at Botany. jE&Alderman; John Young- on Thursday carried a motion to the effect that the City Ccuncil should at once apply to the Government for power to V ? ? bring water from the Nepean at Penrith by wooden flumes or iron pipes. The scheme will cost over ^60,000. Admission of Attorneys. — The following gentlemen were on Saturday lasb admitted to prac tice as solicitors and proctors of the Supreme Court of New South Wales: — Joseph O JNem u-eogiiegan (conditionally) ; Sydney Parkinson Russell (condi tionally) ; James Win. Keinpthorne (condition ally) j George Alexander Bolton (conditionally) ; Harry Percival Sugden (conditionally), John . Urquhart, John Gaffney, Otway Herbert, and Francis Patrick Brennan. The conditional ad missions of Charles Thomas Richards, David Kirkley Farr, Walter James Salter, and Edward Herbert Crossman. Mr. Herbert, who passed a particularly good examination, was for many years with Mr. Forster, York-street, and is now with Mr. F. B. Freehill. : The New Clock at the Town Hall. — It is con ceded that the new clock at the Town Hall is a vast improvement on anything of the kind Syd ney has yet seen. The old clock had such a vicious habit of treating the city to seasons of ' reticence ' — (a quality which, however admir able in mankind, is not desirable in a public timepiece) — that it had become a matter of im \- portance to replace it by one which might be depended upon. The carrying out of this work was entrusted to Messrs. Daly Brothers (who are well known as importers of other good articles as well as clocks — amongst them the celebrated ' Potheen ' whisky) j and right well have those gentlemen acquitted themselves of the task. Not only is the hour of day or night punctually an nounced by the large tenor bell connected with the clock, but the quarters are heralded by delightful chimes. And this reminds us of a duty which should have been discharged by us two or three weeks since — that is, to mention that the Messrs. Daly set these chimes going 'officially' by entertaining a number of citizens at a cham pagne luncheon at the Town Hall, on the comple tion of their contract. We learn that the same gentlemen are likely to be engaged upon works in connection with other public buildings in the colony, similar to that they have so suc cessfully completed at the Town Hall in Sydney. 