PENTECOST : A MEDITATION. Thk story of this season teaches us the salutary lesson that a piety that seeks its own, and lives its spiritual life to itself apart, cannot be according to the mind of the Spirit. At our Lord's baptism, indeed, the Holy Ghost descended on Him alone. No one shared in that heavenly outpouring by Jordan's banks, for He had to live His spiritual life by Him self. He who mixed with all classes of men, and had love and sympathy for all, was in Himself more solitaiy and apart than John in his wilderness. He had a burden to bear which none might help Him to lift — a cross to carry which none might touch — a life, a martyrdom, a work which must be lived and suffered and finished alone. From first to last, of all His inner trials and victories, as of His supreme hour and agony itself, it might be said, ' Of the people there was none with Him.' But on the disciples on the day of Pentecost the Holy Ghost fell as a body. There were 120 together, to whom the Breath of God's mouth became audible in that inner room, and who felt the house tremble in which they sat, and were touched and cleansed by the visible glory, and had their spiritual tongues loosed, so that, though they spake the language of heaven, they ' spake plain' to all who heard. It was no silent gift to the secret consciousness of each disciple, giving him an indescribable sense of a power and presence in his heart. The power and glory had fallen upon them as a company. They had been cleansed as a body and inspired as a body, and had given their testimony at once, not as individuals, but, through their spokesman, as a body. The gift was to the body, and to each member of the body, not for his own joy and advantage only, but in trust for the benefit and building up of the great fellowship and Church into which he had come. That is the first lesson from our Whitsuntide miracle, that not only are we not our own, because we are bought with a price, but that our purchased lives are not our own, even, to arrange and use for Christ at our own will, without reference to or interference from others, but are part of the general life of the whole Christian brotherhood, even as we ourselves are part of the great spiritual organisation, the new man, having Jesus for its head and His Church for its body, into whose nostrils the breath of life was first breathed by God on that Whitsunday of old. ' TT ANDS all round' for a statue to Charles Gordon. We are JO. not afraid of its being- said of us that we are building one of the tombs of the prophets. So far from allowing the deeds of those who slew him, or left him to be slain, what we mean is to make manifest and perpetuate to the longest' time our disallowance of their selfish and vacillating policy and too tardy regrets, and our love and reverence for the brave and steadfast soul who fell a sacrifice to his faith in his country's honour and his loyalty to his own trust. This time our monument must not be hospital or hall, or be con trived to pay a double debt by adding any other object, how ever high or useful, to that of doing honour to the man. Our duty and pride at this time is to bring our gifts to adorn . ? the memory of our great countryman who has fallen. We cannot have our offering halved between a soldier's memorial and a subscription to a charity. We have the poor always with us, and opportunities need never be wanting of bestow ing on them a benefit ; but the hero comes but once in an age whom tho nation delighteth to honour. There should not be a thought in our hearts but to pay him reverence. Not a coin should be asked for on any other pretext, or accepted for any other object. Even the laudable motive of stimu lating our youth to noble ambition, by setting evidently before them the durable effigy of an illustrious example, must be secondary with us to that present paramount duty of the nation, ' To give honour to whom honour is due.' 