Tnrf Talk. BT MABTIMDAI.E. , (Fbox T. akd C. Joubhai..) With, the South Australian Jockey Club meeting brpnsht to a close this afternoon, Sydney visitors wUl be quickly Tetaruing1 from 'Fleminston, and will then tarn their attention to Handwick doings, and make an effort to pick the various erenta to he con tested at Canterbury Paxk on Saturday next. The entries closed on Tuesday last, and may be considered most Gatififoctory, aeeine that there are 84 for the six events, made np as follows : — Ashfield Handicap, 21 ; Selling JEace, 12 ; Park Stakes, 4 ; Cumber land Handicap, 19 ; Two-years-old Selling fia.ee, 9 : and: Ladies* Mile, 19. Notwithstanding the want of rain, I understand that the saddling paddock and course look really first rate, and as Ms. Scarr is sure to make the handicaps good enough to puzzle ' the best of us, the afternoon^s sport should be a good one. With the exception of one day's meeting at MerriwaonMay 19, there will be very little else to engage attention until the flag falls for the opening event at SosehiU on May 23. This should also be a well patronised meeting, as the general entries, which appear else 'where,_Bhow that horse owners have not forgot the gathering'. By the accounts to hand I do not think the South Australian Jockey Clab will lose much by holding their meeting1 at Fiemington. On both Saturday and Thursday the attendance was very fair and the sport good. Saturday's proceedings -were made notable for the upset of the favorites in almost every event — starting with ,£he hurdle race, which opened pro ceedinca. For this event only five horses «ams to the post. Old Soul beine the public pick, but he met with e, olever half-length defeat by Sir Patrick. The Broker put the favorite Silver King down in tiie Leger, thus recouping his new owner, Mr. Halin bourg. A field of ^20 went out to contest for winning honors in the Goodwood Handicap, for which Topaz was backed down to 3 to 1. lantern, which was piloted by Donald Nicholson, appears to hare won very comfortably from Lord Wilton, which just beat The Ghost, while the favorite which was left at the post was- not up with the first dozen horses. The public made no mistake in picking' tiie winner of the Sires' Produce Stakes, us Joanna, won all the way. In the Victoria Handicap everyone was pretty well astray, as Meeschaum and Meander were tie favorites, only the latter get&ig; a, place. ' Pyrette jumDing away in front and leading all tbe way won by h«,lf a length from !KIeander. Inconsequence of September 26 being one of the dates chosen by the Australian Jockey Club, tiie EleternwickBajck meeting', originally nxed for that day, will be altered to 'Wednesday, October 14. Messrs. 'William C. Tuille and Co. report having sold the racehorse Coniugsby, by Hugienden from Tilly ^impO, to Mr. J. Cripps. The annual race meeting of the Thargomindah Jockey Clnb will be held this year on July 16 and 17. Entries for the Municipal and Flying Handicaps, to be run for at the autumn meeting of the Wollon gong Turf Club, close to-night, at 9 p.m., with the secretary, Mr. O'DonnelL 'Asmodeus,' of the Leadbe, says: — Extensive improvements to regulate tiie passenger traffic at the Fiemington racecourse station are now being carried ont at the instigation of the works committee. When completed the accommodation will be duly appreci ated by those whose experience of a Melbourne Cap rush are not of a very agreeable character. It is proposed to form a tunnel for the purpose of con veying passengers from the new platform to the course. The weights for the Canterbury Park Handicaps are due on Monday next. Nominators for the Central Australian Haadifcap ?will do well to remember that acceptances must be declared on Wednesday next. By^fhe QueensiUlKdeb X see thai Xately has been surprising the ' touts.' ' Pegasus ' says one after noon last week, however, one sensational gallop was reported. The performer was the gray Tately, who was said to have done once round tiie training track in lmin 48sec. This is startling-, if true, and though no doubt he is the fastest horse now in Queensland, I should be inclined io be dubious about this record. —I can assure my Queensland friend that he need not be surprised in the least. Yately will show them some startling performances on the training' track, but he must beware on the day of the race, and if he takes my advice he will back him very lightly. From the earne source I learn that the Queensland Tnrf Club have made no allowance for geldings in the ?conditions for their St. Leger and Mares' Produce Stakes of 18%. I fully agree with the remarks made, that it is a great mistake, for geldings are allowed 51b in Produce Stakes, Derbies, and Legers lately advertised by the A.J.C., for the purpose of encour aging the racing- of geldings, and of inducing breeders to add to the list all but their very best bred young sters. I fancy even a 7lb allowance would be a fair thing fe this colony, as it wonld prevent many colts being kept as entires which, though well bred, are not up to the mark otherwise. The dispersion of -these throughout the colony as station sires has un doubtedly done much harm to our general horse stock. The trotting match between Darkle and Sir Wil liam, which is to take place this afternoon at Band wick, promises to be a moBt interesting contest. Each party is very confident and it is said that both Sir William and Darkle are very well. *' Vigilant,' of the Melbourne Spoetsman, writes : — Last season there was considerable grumbling by horse owners at the way the forfeit money was divided by the V.B.C. authorities. The amounts were not objected to, but nominators would sooner have to pay even sums than forfeits such &B; £3 15s and .£1 Ids. In framing the programme for the ensuing season, the matter has not been lost sight of, and forfeits will be made payable in even money. From tiie same source I learn that some very rough things were said in the paddock on Saturday concern ing the running of certain animals in the Victoria and Goodwood Handicaps, and in the event of either win ning easily during the meeting the stewards are likely to take action in the matter. It ia also stated that shortly after Lantern had romped home in front of the remainder of the Good wood handicap field, one cf the principal backers of Topaz offered to make a match for ,£500 or .£1000 a-side to run the winner over the Goodwood Handi cap distance at the same weights as they carried on Saturday. The offer was not accepted. The vacancy in the treasurership of TattersaU's Club, caused by the death of Mr. George Curtis, has been filled by Mr. H. Prince, and Mr. C. W. Beal bas been elected to take the position in the committee vacated by Mr. Prince. Mr. Beal should make an excellent committeeman. I learn that under the terms and conditions of the debentures issued for the erection of the Eandwiok grand stand, the first drawing will take place on July 1 next, when .£3000 worth will be called in. Maid of Avenal was disposed of on Tuesdav last, at the Cairn Currau sale, to Mr. James Wilson, of St. Albans, for 165 guineas. Mr. A. Hahnbourg, the owner «£ The Broker, Acolyte, and St. Lawrence, has intimated that he will present a fifty- guinea trophy, to be run for at Bowe's Tattersall's next race meeting-. The . whole of the jockeys who rode on Saturday last in the Goodwood Handicap were fined by Mr. G. Watson. Owners aud trainers are reminded that entries for the steeplechase meeting to be held at Bandwick, on June 6, under the auspiceB of Tattersall'e Club, close on Thursday next. The full programme appears in tiie present issue, and I hope to see a large nomi nation for each event. The Coonamble Jockey Club have made an altera tion in the dates of their annual race meeting. The original fixture was June 4 and 5, but the dates are now June 9 an& 10\. Nominations for the Coonamble and Castlereagh Handicaps will now close on May 13. ^ . The dispnte between ; Messrs. Barnfield and Wood has been settled, and the case will -not come before the law courts. . / '. The schema to. form a company to buy the Mor phelville Courseisprogressiag satisfactorily, aud it is expected that shortly the prospectus .will be drawn out. The gentleman who undertook the work says his proposal is meeting -with approval by all whom he communicates with. '?- ' ' ^ ' The Auckland correspondent of the Caittebb^bt Times states that Dauphin, who had his fetlock badly broken while running' at Takapuna. is getting onwelL The broken bones are knitting nicely, and there is now & hope of his 'being saved for stud pur poses. ? . . . ' A friend oJthe English sporting writer, 'Eapier,' in a. few notes on the subject of tiie shape of horses, says: — Don't you think the truth of the matter is that the long and low are the best stayers over long courses, and the betmxt-and-between 'square' miinmis the best for general racing' purposes ? Such, at least, _is tiho eoBolneiob I have arrived at after aceuetominff my eye by practice to take in, almost without conscious effort, tbe relative height and lengthof lacehoraes. Of -coarse, it is absurd to lay downhard-and-fastrulesonanysubject where Dame Nature plays an ail-important part, for she is A3 likely aa not to prove them by an overwhelming mass of exceptions; hv&, all the same, there is something to be learnt from loose theories. -JEtor instance, it is fear to lay dotta the broad proposition that long, loir horses go, as a class, beet over Sat, €ead-gallobine courses, or through -leep going, and jump width best} whilst ahort/tugh hones are better oil a hilly course, over rouEhground, and at jumping height. We have only to wok back, anil compare the Donfignration wad peculiarities of the various hunters we have ridden, and to mark the btoaddiBimotionjthatexiBtebefcween the «?H«f winners t-f the Derby and St. Leger (there anrwy little difference mfiy in the distances of tiie two huh*}, to mo fiiat there is s- good deal in dene generalisationa. IX measured for height from tiie withers to the ground, and for taigthirom the front of the taeeat to £bs point of iiw quar ters, nine horses ontiaf 4en?srill be found to be as ' nearly as possible actually square; that is to say, they measure the same number otjfeet cither wayr ? It fol lows that relative length, and' breadth, according ta popular notions, is in.xeality an optical. delusion; and that the ''short and high' ~«.TiiTnn3 appears so _ .only because it is high- on the leg ; : whilst the ' long, low 'horse of the same, xnftnber of bands makes up fox being -shorter in tiie leg : by being deeper in the girifa. The longer the legs, . the longer the stride and 'the greater the speed for 4 short distance ; the deeper the girth the greater the chest capacity, and consequently the staying powers. We all know with what ease Voluptuary won the Grand National last year over the trying 4f miles of the liverpool course. Voluptuary stayed ao well because of his exceptional girth. S*chem is a well-shaped horse, deep through the heart, and Volupafaxy is, I am tola, 6in more in girth than Last Thursday was a busy day at tbe offices -rf tho Sydney Tnrf and Bosehill Bacing Clubs. At both places entries were being received for their May meetings ; and a glance at them, in another column, will show that both received excellent patronage. At the -time of writing, the saratchings for the Boyal Stakes and Birthday Cup, made in Melbourne, had ? not been received. Merlin has accepted in hoik events, as also First Demon; whQeVene(aa-i3Bsbee% knocked out of the Boyal Stakes, and left in tha Birthday Cuj,. The other events hare filled remark* : ably welL Ib. ?&& Hurdle Saoe there are' 12, Msy Stakes 15, Selling Plate 18, and Corinthian Plato 17. 