RETURN OF AN OLD TIVERTONIAN FROM AUSTRALIA. Mr. B. C. Harriman, the esteemed Secre tary of the Law Department:, who recently resumed duty after enjoying a pleasant trip to the mother country, was " interviewed " by a'- representative of the press] as soon as he reached bis native town. p.The. following, re-; port of the interview, which we .extract'from the''' Tiverton 'Qazetle,1will be, 'Wad with , pleasure:-( . , r . , i After-" 'a'' 'tour *ound the": world; - Mr. B. C. Harriman an old Tivertonian,- who occupies- the; important offioe;of Secretary--to1 the Law Departmentof the Colony of Victoria, AusitraliaY 'BrriYed"!^ Tiverton on Tuesday ]a«t on a visit'to: his-birth-place, from which lie has been(iab8ent about 32years.. .In roply. , to -our ^enquiries.. Mr. Harriman, who is an; entertaurng conversationalist,! very cour- - toously informed'usthat.-.he started from Melbourne in April.last, accompanied by Mrs1 Bairnnan, and*travelled to Sydney by sea, thence to Auckland.' Leaving. New Zealand, the Navigators' Islands were next )cached, and the vessel subsequently arrived at Hono lulu,'the capi tal of the Hawaiari,'Islands, where Mr. Harriman found civilization . progressing iii a most remarkable manner, and bo ex presses his pleasure in noting that Anglo Saxon institutions arc being copied minutely by King Kalikao and his nobles. A week after this the ship arrived at San Francisco, i and here Mr. Harriman toot the opportunity I of acquainting himself with the tram system I and other features of importance connected with this remarkable city. Travelling ' through almost the entirety of California he witnessed the grandest sights to bo seen on th cface of the globe, getting wrecked in the train and on the stago coach, and experiencing various incidents , by flood, field and fire en route: Ho visited the principal cities in America; and found none equal in beauty to Washington, the capital of the United States. Hav.»g(viewed tile wonders of Mount Vernbn, tho resting ipladefof'th'o remains-pf the Great j Washington, he journeyed to Philadelphia, where he saw the celebrated Hall of lodepan dence, and its belongings, even to tho chairs and tables connected with the signature of the Declaration of Independence, and the bell which tolled forth, the determination of the American people to be free; after which he visited tho celebrated falls of Niagara. Here he gazed upon the turmoil of waters in which tho late Captain Webb lost his life, and his wonder was that any man could he so hardy or foolish an to iuiagino he could live five minutes in tbat rushing torrent, or how it was he was allowed to throw himself away in the manner he did. Mr. Harriman had pointed j out to him o- small .tenement in which; he was 1 informed, Capt. Webb's widow was earning a livelihood by the sale of photograpn-", &e.;, and by taking people ftom the upper portion of the cliff to the lower part to see the now renowned spot. Amongst the other interest ing sights witnessed in America by Mr. Harriman was Brooklyn Bridge, a magnificent | structure where the endless wire rope system ef railway in all its parts was explained to him j the magnitude of the undertaking, and the perfection of tho arrangements for tra versing the bridge were such as to command admiration. Mr. Harriman, who has been travelling without cessation- since leaying Melbourne, intends taking iup hisiresidenoe in Tivertbil for two"or three" months and enjoy ing His native air, and liis present arrange ments fix his return to the Antipodes in April next 1885. ? Various improvements having been effected in Tiverton during recent times, it is obvious that to a resident of 30 years ago the town must now present a very altered appearance. In our interview with Mr. Harriman, who, notwithstanding hie prolonged absence from from the neighbourhood,: proves himself well acquainted with vi'tj',i referri6g"'tb' the changes > that have taken place, he remarked that the places which had seemed something grand in their time were very much dwarfed in his appreciation of them at the present moment i-tho result, of 'jourse, of bi-< association for so many years with larger objects and more s extensive scenery. He thought the old town ' was:progressing rapidly and had progiewed a _never anticipated, having been effected. For example'in ugly corner block had been swept away and a very elegant Town Hall 6rected in its place. Going over the bridge he noted that the poorer part of that portion of tho town known to him as 'Westexe and Well brook was now exceedingly pretty, well-built, and clean, a great part of it being new to him, including the handsome church of St. Paul's and school", whioh havo been built in his absence. Progressing further in the direction of Exeter he observed the road spanned bv a railway bridge, and on exploring the mill* further dowv he. found that one had given up the ghost and had been merged into the other by Mr. Coombe. Wending his way to St. Andrew-street he renewed hi-i acquaintance with Collipriest walk whinh deservedly commanded admiration. Suv- , Y-ying the township he observed that tho shops' wero'ail " sprnced up," and where .ugly.' buildingB formerly existed, oomelr shops anil Kandsome residences now stood. It de'ighted liim to seo fire plugs in various parts of the town,and the inhabitants provided with water taps ; and among the improvements on Angel Hill he noticed chat the old obelisk had given place, to a graceful set of lumps. Speaking of old waltis and bye-paths which he en deavoured to call to mind Mr. Harriman said he found at St. Peter's Church an obstruction in the way of a gate at tho entrance of the church yard, which was utterly unknown in his time, «ud the consequence was-unless h« wishod to be guilty of wl would be sncril' ge m scaling the wall of the church-yard-be had not been able tn see the tomb or tombs of his- forefathers. 'He had visited.theTceuietery.and felt much fcrieved at. the number of graves and headstones which indicated that so great, a majority of his old acquaintances and friends wre lying beneath the soil. The cemetery itself was in « plea sant locality and there was an aereeablo de parture from the intermural burials for which Tiverton; like many other towns iii 'England, was at one time noted. Fucther down the road h* came across that moBt celebrated spot, Brick Housr, where Bampfvldo Mooro Oarew joined the gipsies, and became, whufc all the world at one time knew him as "The King of the gipsies." It brought to his mind, when he saw the old place, which by tho way i bad been improved upon, remarkable facts connected with Carew's history, ? some of which were intimatelvinterwoven with those parts of Aracti'-a be had so recently visited. Reaching that ancient hamlet of Bolham in which his ancestors had laboured and had earned for themselves a name in the West of England cloth and drusgett manufacture, he found bo many alterations that he scarcely knew where he was. At one spotin particula" 1 where Bolham lest used to flow ho found ft dry ditch, but the weather might account for this. Coming homewards by the Bampton rond he noted many points of intere>c. especially did he look for the Icoble old oak tree under whose branqliea he and his soho*l follows used to disport themselves, jumping backwards and forwards over the miln stone. He now found there a nice resting-place in the shape of a seat, but the poor old mile stone looked very bad-as if it bad been drink for a fortnight, and iinable to recover its equilibrium. Ho next looked for the head weir, but where it was Echo only said, for there was no water to be fecn. not.hinsr hnt dry boards and stones; and he fondly wished to hear the rush of the water and the song of the stream overtbem. Arrivine at the Castle he found an old path by which he used to make a short out through the castle yard into the church-yard also blocked up. Such changes as these of course he did not. under stand ; but he co_uld appreciate the manner in which the inhabitant^ seSmed to he aiming higher and adopting the motto he did raanv years ago," Excelsior." As an "!01d Boy," idr. Harriman said ho considered it a desecra tion that the Old Blundell's Sohool should have been treated in the Goth-like manner in which it had, and if he had leen here at the time he would have done all in his power fr> prevent it taking; pla?e. Ho did not speak wjthout experience, having been oonncctod with a Board of Advise in Victoria (what we should call a School Board), and was person ally cognizant, of the advancement in modern tune in everythingpeHaining to the education of tho Young." In Viot6ria~tEey had the most enlightened system] of | publio ; instruction known to the oivilised'world-a state sohool system which _ was free, compulsory, and secular^ and 'since its 'estab'LsHmenfr in,:187s£ . the number, of scholars> pnd» /eehoijlti had materially inoreased. He had been intimately connected with thelegitlature-ofthe country, and bb Chairman of ,the .Board of-Advice had had a good deal of experience in actual school management. . * j ' j In further explanation of the working of the publio institutions in 1 Victoria^ Mr. Har- riman said they' had 'a .Minister of Publio' Instruction; who was aided' by a secretary and Various officers,in the administration of that ivery large department; and they had re cently passed a'law placing :the who^e ofnhe. ? publio service, inoluding . school teacher's of* all grades; under an independent commission, bo that patronage,' whether inthe public ser vice generally, or m the Education depart ment in -particular, did. nob exist infyictoria,.. With no ,State "Church"idoctrinal/teacliing« during legal school hours was prohibited, but the use of the buildings was granted^ to Olergy of any. denomination after such hours'.'' Touching on agricultural matters, Mr. HarrT man said that agriculture in "Victoria was be coming yearly of greater importance. The lands, of the colony were; available to all comers on very easy terms of payment ; and were classed as town; suburban; arid) rural.s" In tho case of. town or', suburban lands tlie freehold or fee simple was purchased at public auction j and rural lands, must be taken ;up. in sections of not.less than lOOor m'oVe tKah'! 320-acres by. any one person, on conditions of deferred payment during'a period of 10 years at an annual fee of Is. per aero. Tins tenure was designated an occupation license-and'suli-, ject.to conditions j and the licensee might, upon complying with; the>j condition?, acquire the fee simple on payment of a Bum equal to JSl'per acre for tho whole: Then of -course lands'were granted for special purposos on very reasonable terms under a leasing system ; pasture land was also-held: under a .leasing system. Timber lands; were subject'to licensed to cut and remove timber uuder certain con ditions. Tlie agriculturist up to a compara i lively recent period in tho history of Victoria had difficulties to contend with, which^cienee' aiid perseverance' iiad Tielped to a great extent: to remove; and now grain was produced in vast quantities in all parts of the colony, and, of the very, best,quality, rea'izinga %ood-. profitin ordinary seasons to i the farnfer,'wiio* had facilities for;eending his grain to railway stations at no very distant points from his holding, railways having been stretched, in every'direction'so aito encourage dgriculture." and settlement and turn tho country i'uto" ope great garden. Another important feature ot agriculture was ttiat.tbe colony %jas:spand ibg and helping." trusts " to,spcnd Very'large* siims.of money annually, in., the conservation ' of wftter, the distribution of water, and ade quate irrigation m all directions. Tho climate of the'cblony was essentially a'stockbreeder's" climate, as was proved by the millions of sheep, cattle, and horses of the finest quality they had in a comparatively email area. . The export of, beef, and mutton, to England,rui.' though t extensive, was* not- so great "as* it* would: be, were various diGioulties in con nection with the London market remoyo^l, so that the Australian breeder;nijght -get&ri;* ade-^ quate return for the carcases ,he sent. Their wool'.was known all the world over, and it was therefore needless for him to speak about it. Incidentally, Mr. Harriman {reuarlceji'' that although ho was speaking''merely'of his'" own Volony; his remarks 'applied generally' to Australia. ; Aftor givingsorce highly iu-; terestiog, information on the good wines and mioerals. produced by ' the 'colony and the progress it i.was making m its manufacture?. > alluding to the temperance question be said 1 the movement has not ausurnod any vory.iui portant features ycfc such' a9 h*j had witnessed, in .America,..but,,they twere ,not blind to the fact that: improvements could.yet bo effected in their.-hquoiv laws; v'A Local Option Law would be in1 existence in1 Vic.toria at no very dutiint date, judging by the signs of the times,-and the progress thev. .were mating,in all directions; The colony had: in ooeralion partial local, option, by requiring her muni cipal eouncihto take a vote of tl»« bur^sm 1 or citizens of each municipal district, once m eyery three years,, as to .^whether or not(there should, in any particular district, tfo an in crease iu the .number oi licenses. Three licensing magistrates were appointed for each district-one police magistrate and two.chosen justices of the peace, .who met annually for ! licensing business, rtransfers .or intermediate business boiog transacted by the police magis trates. Though .public, houses were closed throughout Sunday, there was some amount of Sunday drinking carried on, and4 every nbv-'arid';.then proceedings 'were token"against the publicans. On week days houses wore closed at 12 o'clock at night in all the districts alike.. Speaking by comparison, Mr. Harri- man paid in no community he hod been m was drunkenness less rite" than m Victoria. In crra.n pnrfc* - of the United States of America in drinking- saloon* the trade* on Sundays far exceeded anything ho had-ever seen anywhere else on week . day?, and he wou'd: be sorry to he one of a community that either allowed or connived atsueh scenes as he witnessed in becr-shops on Sundays in the States. 