TABLE CAPE. (£rom a correspondent. ) Mr C. J. M'Kenzie gave an entertain ment in the Wynyard Town Hall on Tuesday night, in aid of the temperance funds. The entertainment consisted of magic lantern views, and was amusing, interesting, and instructive ; but I fear the ' sleeping beautv' will have made a more lasting impression on the minds of our little men and women than those grand pictures of Westminster Abbey, a room in the Vatican, Nelson's Pillar, the British Houses of Parliament, or even Dizzy or the Grand Old Man. The evening being fine, and the admission fee small, there was a good attendance, and everybody felt t.h i t an enjoyable evening had been spent and a good cause advanced another step. A song or two by the Rev. Mr Chapman varied the programme agreeably, j because they were well sung. At the conclusion of the entertainment a hearty j vote or t Hants, proposed by Mr Uhapman, and seconded by Mr Robertson, was ac corded to Mr M'Kenzie for his kindness in having come forward to assist the temperance cause, and for the pleasing entertainment he had given that evening. We are glad to learn that our old friend, Mr O'Neill, has again got the contract for conveyance of the coast mails. For many years Mr O'Neil conveyed the coast mails to the satisfaction of all concerned. During his time, ' tales of the road' might have been used as the last possible substitute for the old ghost stories, to pacify naughty boys, and send them to sleep. How equestrians swim rivers by holding fast to their horses' tails, or climbed the 'Sisters' by attaching themselves to the nether appendages to their equine tugs, now a, nurse got swallowed up in a 'glue pot, ' where, subsequently, Mr Moore, when Minister of Lands, and when in company with Governor DuCane and some of his colleagues, on their return from Circular Head, to show the depth of the ' pot,' which was only one of many, sprang from his saddle and jumped in head first. F ortunately, Mr Moore, who is considerably over a fathom in length, was caught by the heels, or some other part of his ' netherments,' and dragged out before he had 'bottomed the drive;' but his long hat was never found. How the jaded boy shouldered his swag, and with the strength of a Finmacool, according to a local correspondent, ' dragged his horse after him into Stanley.' Well, well, these are but poor specimens of the ' tales of the road' Mr O'Neill could tell. In deed, I myself could tell a few, but are reserving them for my next novel, 'Life on the North-West Coast.' The scene has fortunately changed j for which the country is deeply indebted to Mr Moore ; and 'as Mr O'Neill has had the 'butt end' of the trials of 'mud, it is only fair that he should have the pleasure of taking th& ribbons over a spanking macadam. A want long felt, but felt more keenly since the s.s. Wellington commenced to trade here, will soon be supplied in the shape of a cattle jetty. A post and rail fence, forming a kind of approach to a pointof the old jetty opposite Mr Byrne's shop, is now in course of erection, and when completed will make our beefocracy comparatively independent of local pur chasers, for then they will be able to ship any surplus beef they may have for Launceston, and give printers and others an opportunity of tasting the fat of our. land for a very reasonable consideration. May 27. 