"AUDI ALTERAM PARTEM. TO THE E>JTO£. —m your report tins morning of the proceed ings; at the jgerhaTrics* FTp.11 on Sunday,! notice that the j rev. gentlemen -who addressed the meeting. came J down like *^a thousand of bricks'* on the Catholic- ' practice of confession. 1 think, in justice to their ! hearers they should also hare given the teaching of ; the Protestant Church on the same subject. Perkaye> i is was 'unintentionally omitted, zojor the enllghtmeni - of those who have net had the benefit of reading the i Protectant book of Common Prayer. I I»eg to make j n few extaets from that book which is supposed to be the standard of Protestant belief. In the •* ordering I of Priests," for example. I find the Protestant bishop I addressing hini who is to ?»ecoine a Protestant priest, i ears :—"llecelve the Holy Chost for the office and ! work of a priest in the Church of tiohnotr committed ; unto thee bv the imposition of our hands. Whose ! ^as thou dost forgive, they are forgiven : and aho-e j sins thou dost retain, they are retained, etc." ; ^»n now does not that read very like Popery 1 Let me quote another passage from ~ the Protestant j Prayer Book. The priest is directed in the **Visita- j Hon of the rick," after having moved the sick 1 man to a special confession of his axis to aliso- | lore him if he humbly and heartily desires it. After j this sort ** Our Lord" Jesus Christ, who liaih left J power to His Church to absolve all sinners who truly i repent and believe in him* of His great mercy forgive 1 thee thine offences t And by His authority committed , to me. 1 absolve the from ah thy sins, lathe Name of the Father and of the Son and of the IIolv Ghost Amen." Now, Sir, 1 humbly conceive that the onus- j son of the above, when discoursing on the criminality j of confession is simply a *i>j'prcsib* r.v/, or that Pro testantism has shifted from its original moorings, and repudiates what the compilers of the book of Com mon Prayer believed, and, I suppose, practised. I vrouid recommend therefore, a revision of the book of Common Prayer, now that the Bible has received that attention, so that on future Orange festivals Protestant Divines ' can refer their Hearers to a definite authority forvrhai they teach. AjKdogisimr axu. wanting mnca <3 your rainame space. law, j GeeUmg, July 12th. 