A VISIT TO COPENHAGEN. [BY PHILOMATH.] It was arranged that no Danish should be spoken upon this evening, we being entirely ignorant of that language, and the innate good breeding of the kindly Danes not allow ing them to speak in an unknown tongue be fore strangers they were entertaining. So as we all understood German that was agreed upon as the general medium of conversation, although some members of the family spoke a little English and others some French; before the evening was over we were speaking all these languages. The Australian boy under the guidance of the pretty youngest daugh ter was busy taking lessons In Danish, whilst the others were speaking English and French. Some of the Danish-English expressions were most amusing, and caused much laughter when explained. Something after the fashion of the highly-educated German who could speak English fluently- we all think we are perfect in languages until we begin to speak with the natives, and then what a fall there is to our pride-arriving in London he goes into Spiers and Pond's and asks for a cup of coffee in his best style. The waiter after some trouble comprehends, but does not bring the desired article as quickly as the im patient visitor desires, so he rings the bell, and when the waiter appears demands in a haughty tone: " Sir, when shall I become a cup of coffee;" the reply from the laughing waiter being "Never, sir, I hope." As our party was augmented during the evening by people who had travelled, when discussing Italy we often spoke a little in the sweet Italian tongue (at Ieast the others did), and so sometimes we had five languages going at once; and sometimes when the tongue failed to make us understood then the hands came into play in a kind of panto mime. Of course we had to go into the maze, and I being the eldest stranger had to choose the way out from the centre. It was no easy matter, there were so many roads, and I am thinking the clue of silk: which Ariadene fur nished to Theseus must have been a good thick one, or else the labyrinth of Crete a very easy one, as I am sure I should have snapped such a feeble line many times in this northern maze. Every few yards were round openings in the hedges, upon looking though which ono was under the impression that there were ut least a hundred lamps and must be ten hedges with such openings, but there were only three, but the lamps of the third were so arranged that it gave the idea of a long perspective. At the end of one of these openings was a most brilliant affair, which made me think of the Aurora Australia; so all my efforts were to find my way to this particular spot. At last after many fulse starts wo arrived before the object of my desire, but it was a delusion, like many other things in this world-only a huge block of glass cut into points and crys talized to resemble an iceberg, before which a hidden lamp of various; coloured glass was constantly revolving, and casting its brilliant light upon the glistening surface of the spurious iceberg. Aftir the maze we adjourned to supper at the grand pavilion, where we had true Danish fare, and finished up with Swedish punch. I do not know if any of those who may chance to read this have ever drunk Swedish punch; if so they will agree with me that it is better than any champagne they ever get-in Aus tralia at least-not even excepting the spark ling stuff of Dr. L. L. Smith. It is sent over from Sweden in bottles, and you drink it with soda water; but is nectar fit for the gods. After we had been toasted, and the youth had toasted in Danish he learnt quickly from his teacher, so he gave the toast-" Din saal og min saal og alle smucke pige saal' (your health and my health and the health of all the pretty girls);' 'smucke" being pretty, and "pige" girl. It was agreed that we should "Rutch." Now I will try to give you some kind of an idea of this "Rutching," which is a favourite I amusement of the people of Copenhagen, You enter and ascend stairs till you are about 40 feet high. You are then placed in a kind of perambulator, or invalid's chair, which is fixed upon rails as a train would be for example. Your carriage is pushed with all the force of three strong men, and rushes down a fearful decline at the speed of light ning, and up a hill and down another decline, and finishes by running up another hill, which is, however, 20 feet lower than the starting place. I never, never shall forget my sensa tions upon that first rutching trip. I was blind and seemed to be flying in space. As I was a beginner at the business of rutching, I was put in the middle between two ex perienced rutchers, one of whom called out the rises and falls, but I only clung like mad to the sides of the carriage and called out in English for them to hold me, which of course they could not understand; but the whole affair only lasted about a second, although we had traversed a hundred yards. When at last our other contingents arrived I was told that I must go back as that was the only way out. So we ascended 20 feet and returned from the other side. But my hat refused to be a party to my folly, so it left me, and my friend on the right almost lost his seat in his en deavours to arrest; my parting head-gear. As for me, if my head had been going" I could not have raised a hand to stop it, I was too much engaged holding on. It was proposed many times during the evening that v. e should "rutch," but I could not be persua led. There is no doubt that the body requires to be educated to the sensation, so to speak, just as the taste must be acquired to admit of a person enjoying the odoriferous sour kraut of Deustchland, the-to many per sons-filthy caviare of Russland, and the stinking- vulgar, but the only word in the dictionary amongst the 80,000 which ex presses it fully-" Smör" or curd cheese of Denmark. Limburger cheese is essence of violet compared to the Danish article. I re member upon landing at Kosor, after we had been rocking on the bosom of the angry Bal tic, when we went into the restaurant to breakfast. Upon such occasions people are apt to look around for something piquant and appetising. Warm viands generally are distasteful after the stomach has been turned inside out; so I was searching for Crosse and Blackwell. If I could only have a pickle; to my joy, I perceived a bottle on a neighbor ing table, which I fondly believed contained the grateful sour; and beckoning the waiter, I bade him bring it to me. I pulled out the stopper of glass, but it almost stopped me from breathing, and all the English in my neighborhood- and they were many- held their noses tightly, and looked around inquir ingly : so we bottled it up as quickly as possible; and the desire for acids had vanished. We rowed on the lake, and sang Danish and German songs - those who could - but I could only sing in my mother tongue; so I gave a very old ditty, "Home, Sweet Home," which touched the Danes very much- the sweet air- but not so much as it touched the singer. There are some words which one cannot hear without the eye filling, and those simple, beautiful words "Home, Sweet Home", are amongst them; it is like the word "mother" to an orphan, who remembers well that dearest and best of earthly friends, and who is conscious of how much she or he has lost. A visit to the dancing pavilion soon put me straight again, however. I enjoyed, with the simple servant maids and their soldier sweethearts, and the country bowerine and their smart young farmers lovers, the merry dance--in imagination only--which is always either waltz, polka, or gallop. This frivolity was entirely eradicated by a visit to the Bee thoven concert, where we heard a solo on the harp most exquisitely rendered by the daugh ter of the conductor, a young Danish girl of scarcely 17 years of age. At 11 p.m. we almost injured ourselves laughing at the ridiculous pantomime in the open air theatre. As I looked around amongst the 28,000 people of all social grades gathered together and enjoying themselves pleasantly and profitably I could not help drawing com parisons. It would be impossible in England or Australia to find the same number of people together and not to see one drunken person, to hear no loud talking--that is, no louder than people generally and necessarily indulge in whilst in the open air. All were peaceful and happy, the labourer and his wife and children, and the rich merchant with his soft voiced wife and pretty daughters. It was said that the Czar of Russia, King of Greece, and Crown Prince of Denmark were in the grounds, and that they had pat ronised the "rutch bahn." This would be nothing at all surprising, because the mem bers of the Danish Royal family -nay, even the King himself does not think it beneath him to visit at Tivoli, and like a true king and father of his people, joins in the pleasures of his subjects. And thus we see the unusual circumstance- that instead of the poorer people drawing the higher ones down to their level, we have the high ones lifting up the poorer and more humble ones, encouraging them to make a better use of their leisure time, to value and appreciate good music and moral dramas, and thus to become better fathers and mothers, better subjects, and the best and truest of patriots. We had timed our visit so that we might see all the Royal visitors who were expected at Fredensborg for the betrothal of the Prince Waldemar, the youngest son of the King of Denmark, with the Princess Louise, daughter of the Duke of Charteres. There fore we took steamer from the "'Lauge Linie" for Helsingör (or Elsinore, as Shakespeare wrote it), where we arrived about an hour after the "Danneborg" with the Queen-who had gone to Lubeck to meet her daughter, the Princess of Wales-the Princess of Wales and her three daughters arrived. While the vessel was slowly steaming up the sound I occupied myself with the members of the King's household military, who had donned their best silver gilt buttons and better citizen richly plumed hats. The old king, slender and active as a strip ling, the king of Greece thoughtful and steady looking, with his tall, beautiful wife, but the Crown Prince, their son, carried away my heart, he was so noble-looking, with a beauti ful, frank, open face full of kindness and goodwill. The Crown Prince and his good tempered looking Swedish wife, the prime minister and all his colleagues, the harbour master, the family physicians, and last, but not least, the Royal chaplain with his curious old goffered ruff, reminding one of the old pictures of John Wyckliff and the Puritan fathers. When at last the vessel was fairly anchored and the crimson carpeted gangway laid down and the relatives went on board, there was so much embracing amongst the relatives, young and old, so much kissing first on one cheek, and then upon the other, so much Royal saluting, that it was full twenty minutes be fore they quitted the ship. There was much cheering of its kind, but Continental people cannot give a cheer as Englishmen can. Hav ing seen the last of the visitors when they went to the station to take train for Fredens borg, we agreed to go and find out Hamlet's grave, and trace out the ruins of the old castle, and try to summon up the ghost of Hamlet's father. We encountered on our way the special correspondents of the Graphic and the Illustrated London News, whom we had seen with instantaneous process instru ments taking photographs of the royal meet ing. Hamlet's grave is sadly disappointing. You are shown a stone slab without name, which is called Hamlet's grave, but the Danes don't believe it is, and have many a good laugh at the hero worshippers who come over with a volume of Shakespeare in their hand well thumbed and dog-eared, at the melancholy story, which they had been study ing. I must confess myself among tho number, who would read the sad story of the unhappy Prince, and the still more unhappy Ophelia. I read it there, seated on a stone with the castle of Elsinore on my right, the waters of the Baltic splashing on the shore, and the coast of Sweden not two miles distant at Hel singor, in full view. My young friend could not see anything in all this. I tried hard to interest him in the story, but it seemed to tire him to death, so he cut off and stretched himself at full length upon the soft green sward and enjoyed the bright warm sunshine, and left me quietly to my worship and my reflections. So I read and read, until at last, I felt like calling upon the bones of Hamlet, if they were still rotting beneath the plain simple column which stood there so grey and dumb, without date or inscription of any kind, to say for whom or for what it had been so placed. . It was no use trying to raise the ghost or Holger Danske, who reposes beneath the castle at a little distance from Hamlet's Grave? because he only appears when there is some thing rotten in the state of Denmark, and at the present moment it seems to be quite the reverse of rotten, but very healthy, wealthy, and wise also. After I had feasted sufficiently, we em barked on the " Gylphe" for Helsingör on the opposite side of the Sound, as we had promised ourselves, at least one day in Sweden, and had arranged our plans to be at Malmo, when Christien Neillson landed there. 