1ROvelItt LADY. Oas TLEMAiN B'S -DIYOiIOE.1 By BERTHA .OL AY, nOTnon or " sIs onI ON TduTtO " ' TrnovnO onc inlE iWOiLD, A' TsOOOLa O ron A xon , _ "A IOTTeroC ATOOOMiT,")OTO, : OihAPTIIIi X[EII.-(ONTiNal D) ±" In name, iniovae, in hearti ut noat in thoughts and opinione. It is i very different, thing; giving your :heart and'giving your: mind ore quite distinot hings.: I gave yeu, my whole heart,'Rudolph, but Idid not= give, you my.mind. I have oerived that for my Lady Oastlemaine, having the hceineot wit,' and womanlike, the quilcest flow of yeorde, generally won .the victory; but they,: were violtoies which cost her dealy . Efoh controverry, each stoutly contented argument seemed to, weaken in some little degree the love of the man ivho oould hot on dare contradiction or opposition-=who'ounld not brook any idea except those he had himsell It would not have mattered in the least, had they been left alone;, after a few minutes the wife .would have gone to her husband, and raid: "How foolish weo ar to argue and disagree over trifles. What does anything matter pro. vided only that we love each other." Or the husband would have sought his wife, and said : - '' ' We will not argue, darlingl lot my stron. ger thoughts, guide you, let .yours?weeter thoughts guide me ;'nothing matters but that we loae each other.!' - But 'this never happened, for thern was someohne always at hand, to fanievery tiny spark into burning flamo,.tioerritate to annoy, to deepen every bad impreosion. - • Always at hand whenever one of thed little disCuesions occurred, and fewday passed with out them, shanooted with quick, keen ears'all that was said, and nho knew exactly how to fan the fire. Lord Castlomaine would go to his favourite seat, the great window-seat in the library, or out on the southern terrace, from 'where-ono could Eee the ehinirg blue rEa, afd take a cigar to console himself. So sOuro as -he lighted it, he would find the beaoitilul face and figure of Isabel by his seido. "I must try to convert. Geitrude. to your way of thinking;" she would begin;. ah then a feeling of irritation rose in his heart that even.a shadow.could lio between himself and his young wife.:. "I will convert her 'myself," ha would answer, proudly. - ' Then Isabel would shake her head. " ' 'I do not.kne t; ;I am -not sue 'thiat you will," she would'say, doubIfully, and that irritated him the more. Then she would Ecek her other victim, 'and would kiss tlhe beautifll faco, and say, laugh. ingly ; " You meet not give in to that hdaband of yours, Gertrude ;' h has great ideas "of `hi own authority." SFar too great," she would reply, laujgh ingly. " He wants three years' apprentice ship to a class of strong-minded women.'I fear that even I am too meekfior him." "You must not give way to him, or yeo will entirely loe your own individua'ity,' raid Isabel. .. "I shall never do that,". said Lady Oastleo maine, proudly; and-although she loved her ushband with all her hliart, there was always a sense of angry. irritation left after one of these converesations. SIt.was a web of another hInd that Isabel Hyde was weaving now. It was more aue ceessul than the first. Then she had triedto weave the web of love round the heart of .one man; notw she tried to weave the web ofheite over two hearts that, but for her, could never have been disunited. r She laughed at times with a wioked sense of victory, and at times she wept, despair ing of sueoes,. But, day byfday, the web grew longer, and stronger, and loes liabloto' bre.ak . 0C1: PTE1k XIV: "LE.D ? NOT -Nor O TEMPTATION." It is a terrible thing to throw oeo's sellf vil Iclly into the way of.temptation, as Isabel IIyde hade,dona, Knowing that slh loved Lord Oastlomaine, she should have hopt the breadth of the world between herself and him, but in her reckless desire for vengeance -in her mad, piosionalo desire to fulfil her vow, she forgot or utterly ignored the danger and the temptation for herself. She had given, unsought and unnaked, the whole passionata love of her heart to Lord Castlemaine. She had hated with insane hate the beautiful girl who had; a she con sidered, taken his love from lher. She had voluntarily placed herself under their rool for the ru'rcoa of reeking vengenooe. But 6oht forgot that in so doing she must suffer unultterable poin herself. Every kind and loving word that Lord Castlemaoineo addressed to his wife was like a sword in her heart. She would grow cold, pick, and faint when she saw his great soliei. tude, his care and attention for her. Her heart burned with jealously and enty. There came a morning when a damp, cold wind seemed to sweep the warmth away: the ntmosphero wee all damp, the skiee grey and lowering; the sun had sot in sullen d-s. content for the day, and Lord CaOslemaine saw his wife, wrapped in her costly, furs, goineg o t. Isabel was with her. Gertrude, wher are you goingl!' w : hle Bhret question. r : " am uoing to Redmoss," was the prompt 'and cheerful reply. I Iadmoss was the nearest town to Neath I:Abbiey-a bright, pleoasant town by the aee, , To .Redmoss l" he repeated. " With " whom are you going darling ?" _0!' With Isabel," aho replied. S"How are you going? I hope you have o rdered tlio brougham?" "Or' 1udolpbh, what.a string of qicationul No, I have not; we are going to walk." f The cooversation tank place in the great entrance hall, where Lord Ctallcmrine met the two ladies. He went up to his wife, and laid his hand on the fur sheen of her jacket -a msgaifi:ent fur fOr which he had given a fabulous price-one of his .wedding presents to her.: "This in warm, "hb said, ibut, Gertruden darling, it. cannot asht out the dampi. You mu.st braAthe the damp air, in spito of .yoqr warm fors. .DJ not.go out; or if you will go, order the broughani." She cried out Impatiently that it would not hurt her, that she had often boeen out in the dam,; and Would have no. cariage., .".You. makome ?,feel li'e- a delicate old "woman' when you fidget about-me in othat ''she lookedp at him with a smiloe a she spole,hbut there was some little -sign of irri. totiutwn.:' Isabel Hlyde stood by,' e.silent spectator; eaeh word;? so expressive of his teonder solii. tide for'her beautifuilrival, pierced hbo heart. I will not ho'an old woman yet," repeatesd Gertrude:-. 1I like you to go :ot idn the frost," said Lord OCstlcmaine ; ! that hurts no one.o But damiip air is quite another thing." "'Oh;Radolph,"" cried Lady Castlemaine, ' you will make me impatient." - "It is not an old woman you resemblo," :saold Lard OCstlemaine. "It.ls a beautiful white rose.. Now Iask you, 'Gertrude, how. could a fragilo white rose live in this miserable damp?" .l- 1 ... ,Therefiaslied upon him the light of two beautiful dark eyes, in which love, pain, scorn, and dispair were all told. ."Is all your care:or selieitudo for white roses ?" asked Isabel Hyde ; "have red- roses` nothing tofar?" " "If you take my advice you will not go,'! he said, slowly,. "I do not think it iea fit. ting day for any lady to go out.'.' ":'! Still,"she'.oontlnued, .' you =would not have.remonslratei if you had seen me going alone." yHe looked at 'hr somewhat' wonderingly, knowing nothing of the stbzm of jealousy that rent her heart in- twain.. S" Well," he replied, ." you'see, Miss Hyde, it is not' the same thing. I might hove ndovieed:you, bbtI could not:interfere with 'you." I ma y.go. out and get hilled with the 'damp, and you would nottsoy eone word to me," cried Isabel. "?Frgivme, bt how very impestuous yon ladies arc,'; he said. " I liave displeased you, "Isabal, and half offended Gertrude;-yet Ican not imagine why." "You are over solicitous for me," said Lady Oastlemaine. S:" You are not solicitious enough;for me," crieodJabel Iydo, and then seeing the startled ,look in his eyoes,.sho began to laugh, hut no woman ever.laughed with such an effort be. fors'; 'her jealout y had for the time coried her beyond herself. "All that'loving'eare and soleoitudo for Gaitrud--the wind must not blow too.roughly on her, the damp must not come pear her.; but what did hescare for erl? He was so anxious and solicitouseabsot Ger. trude that he did not seem to notice whether 'she were going out or not. But the wonder in his eyes called her to herself. What right had she to show any jealousy of another woman's husband.' She laughed, but there was little music, in the laugh. " While so much care and solicitude are to be had," she said, " I may as well claim a -bhareo". You will always hbave it from me," said Lady Castlemaine; "I strongly advise 'you not to walk out.this dainp, unhealthy day." He looked at her kindly, and she felt that to have that sense of loving oare always over her she would give her life itself. - ?, " I shall go," said Lady. Castlemaioe, "damp or not damp, I have determined to go to Itdmoes, and go I' will." . ' "I will -not," :said Isabel Hyjde. "Lord Castlemaine is quite right, the day is against: After thore few kind words and that; kind look, Gertrude could not have opposed, him; so a compromise was' mado and a carriage orderer.: . - o The. incident, trifling as it ~asi, helped .IsabeL to weave a few more threads in teat strong subtile web of here. - . She took.Lady Castlemaine to taiskin a fashion: quite her own, ,That afternoon, as they lingered in the warm cosy boudoir; over a cuop of delicious tea, she commenced her attack." -? d.o. "Gertkude," rie said, "iono 0O undier. .stnd'yotir husband." "Not understarld him I" cried Lady Castle. miiina. ""'I bhg yor .pardon, I am quite sure ' that I do." ' Isabel Hyde shook her beautiful head. .' Na,?my dear, you' do nt. .I really be. r lioev," hb added; ?omewhat imprudently,' 'i .' tbat I should understand .him, -in time, better than you do. " eNo jralouay soirred Lady Castlemaino's heart shoe 'only thought that leabel' was a c little too outspoken; aill' she would'like 'to koow what wanmeant. ne :,What do you mean, Iabel?" she asked, gravely.:.. c ";'Nthiog to mao a n tragedy about," she replied:` "I was thlining of this morning. ('was so struck by hise care and solicitude I iover you, and youp grow impatiest with him." t :""-! I am not vdry.ihipotient," said Gertrude, i with 'a' sudden contrition; !!I own it, but I ueunot endure'to be fussed over and watched; Yenou'are rilhtie?abel. I. was, as you say, r impittleit without cause." ' S'.".1 know at once that it was his care for -you thht 'iiado him persist," 'ontinued Isabel. d "I have often noticed ttiatwhen he trios beet to pleave you, you understand.him the least." Lady?CO?stlemain could' not explain, even to herself, but. something in that moment seemed'to rise, like a shadow, between her I husband and herself. 'It was not jealousy; as yet' tliat fatal and terrible passion had not E awoke ih' her heart. It was an intangible i aomsthlig-a shadow;' and the clearest idea she had after the interview was, that shc¢did r niot really understand her. hnuband, ned that i other people could read his character better than sec could. " s ohe l felurthl r away frotem him'that day than ebs had aciue they were married, It was a-miserable day. to Isabel; she had voluntarily.plcancd hlersell.in temptation, yet ho co3uld not endure to. see Lord Oastle. I maineoa passitonate lore for hits wife.l Ocoe,~al -eho was standing on the grand staircase, wvhiting for something that her maid had gone to find, she saw husbad and ' wile meet quite noideoutally in the hall. It was in the shadow of the winter alternoon, belorn the lamps were lighted." She heard Lord Castlemaino say: " Grtrude,darling, is that yon ?" ;Shb heard the gently murmpred "Yes." Lave alone uses such tones. Then she aew him clansp his wife in'his arms, and cover her faesoo ivitlh kisses. " My darling, my beautiful wie'. I shall come and havo.a cup of t?a with you." .. ''Isabel' turned away, ittorly unable to bear it;. If by one wish, if by raising her finger, hoh could have' struok the whito.roseo' heauty lerom G:lgrude's foce, sho.woulil haew ,1ne0 it. In her pnlsionato, jealous rage, she oould have otrock dead the man she loved. " Lend us not into temptation I" The words came to her like flint eoands thrc.uch a mist. In her theart-tihatjealous, desplar. ing heart, full of love fora man who had novel loved her--ah felt capable, in that moment. of any erigne; she could have slain that fair young wie ; shbe could have slain the mao whose dark, handsome face had lured her to her doom. She turned away. Death would have not have been so bitter as the pain that roent he iheart. An hour altorwnrds, when Isabel 'Hyde wont, as was her custom, to theo warm, cozy; boudoir where the tea awaited her, Lady Castlcmnina looked at her in wonder. " Isabel," ele cried "how 111 you look I: You have lost all your beauti(ul colour. .You deserve to-lose your name; you are not'atall liko a ied Rlose--and you are tremnibling, ac. teally trembliong." "I do not see anything wonderful in that, Gertrudo; any one might tremble on a cold December afternoon." " I will give you some hot tea,'f said Lady Castlemaine. " aRudolpheaid he would join us." He came, looking so handsome, so brave, so kind, and his eyes were so full' of admira. tion and love for his rile, that Isabel could hardly bear it. "Lead us not into temptation I " Yet she -had come there purposely to be tempted her. self, and to tempt others. That dark winter alternooni as she watched -guileless, innocent love, the simple happiness of husband and wile, she repeated her vow., She would part them ; come what might, cost what it would, she would part them, for ever and ayo.e But h1eo was it to be done ? Spirits of envy and hate help and aid her I -How was it to be donoe - CHAPTER XV. TEE Im?LOS AND QUBENS OF ENOL.tD. r The Chrietmas wgek was ended, yet none of the guests felt inclined to leave Neath. The holiday had l~eon so pleasant-every variety of ol1d English sport and pastime had been in requisition--hoarad parties, balls, private theatricals; they had almost turned night into day; yet, the day wag not long enough. ! It was a time never to be forgotten by those who enjoyed it. Lady Castlemaine and Miss Hyde were the two queens; Lady Costlemaine young, beautiful, gilled with high spirits, al. ways bright, sallays ready to enjoy everything tol bs fullest extent, was the leader of the revels. Isabel Hyde, beautiful and- graceful, too, followed her lead, and no one knew of the shadow of tragedy that hung over :her, or of her terrible vow. !' have been so happy hero,"! sh said, one morning, "that I shall not like going away." " You need not go away; olay until the end "of January; I shall be delighted, add I am eu~n Iudolph will.'" Her heart ached just a litile dat her own treaehery; the faif face looked so: smilingly into heor; the blue 'eyes were so clear -and guileless ; the invitation had been so cordially given. Yot she know that her only object in stopping with theni,was, that she might work her cruel will aend part them. Good inmpulses came to her at times and pleaded for them pleaded to her to go away. and leave them-~ to put Lord Castlemeine out of her life-to be true to the beautiful woman whoha sh"e alled friend.. , ,'What harm had they done' to her? Lady Cdstlemaine had'not taken her livo from her by treachery.;.neither had the earl:been her lover, for the love was all on her side, not on his: he had never oven been'eonsoious of it. Thero were times even now when ehe almost wished that ahe had let him see howe mnoh sh-o'tloved ,him; ;and yet she would-have lowered'her own selflrespect, and lowered: it in vain, for from the moment he beheld Ger. trade he had neither eyes nor ears for any one else. - "! I do 'not think," she said to' herself, bit terly, '!that -if I had gonao.on my knees to him, to pray. of him to marry mea; that,it I had been as beautiful as Venus, and descended liko a queen, that he would have married me." , ' ' There were times when shegve hrseltiup to wondering over the etrango.problems of life; ae to why it was that she, who. could have been ,o happy, should find. the whole world so dark and dreary becaued the love. of her life was given to one who did not love her. She never reminded herself that it was hereown fault-that she had voluntarily and willfully encouraged that love to grow in her heart, knowing it to be useless; that she had given free rein to a passion that should have been crushed at the first. She blamed Pro vidence, eircumotances, fate, chance-any rand everything, except herself. Of all the impulec- that camo to her, of all the good thoughts and the' bad thoughts, none' were strong enough to cause her to falter in her purpaos. Her purpoeo in life was to separate husband and wife-to kill the great love that lay between them, and put hate in its pla:e. She worked perseveringly and industri. ously; she never allowed the slightest hlanee to pass... . If she could possibly make 'Lrd Castle. maine impatient with his. wife, it ashe could irritate him against her, if she could rouse obstinate ielf-will that was so strong within him, she would be happy. , . ':If, by some laughing taunt, some sharp, cynical remark,' she could rouse Gertrude's pride'against her husband, she felt one degree nearer victory., Yet it was all done with such skill, such craft, such subtlery that it; was impossible for her to be detected. She never lost one ohanese. One morning Lord and Lady Castlemaine, M?iess Hyde, and several other visitors, were together and were disconsing tableaux vivpnts for the evening. "Let us have one tableau from that most piotureeque period' of English history, the reign of Henry the Bighth," said Lady Oastle. maine. She turned to her husband with a smile. "Which of all King Henry's wives do you prefer?" she asked. He was silent for a few.minuteo, then he replied: ' Cathlrione of Aragon," "And I," she said, " prefer Anne Doleyn. I do not believe any of the scandals about her. She was a beautiful, unhappy woman. Anne Boleyn is one of my favorite heroines in history." "There is one thing about her that I can never understand," said Isabel Hyde, "and it is, how the king could hate her so deeply after loving her so much." "There you touch upon a strange meta. phyeical question," said Lord Castlemaine. "'It is said that love turned to hate is the most bitter hate of all." "I cannot imagine hating any one who his been dearly loved," cried Lady Castle maine.' "I can," interrupted Isabel. "I agree with Lord Castlemaino; love turned to hate is the most bitter hate of all." "You remember," said Lord Castlemaino, " that most.expressive line: "Hell knows no fury like a woman scorned." He spoke quite uneohsoionely, not thinking at all of Mliss Hydo. But she gave him one glance-it said so much that it any one had interpreted it, that person must have under stood the position at a glance. "Love turned to hate," sighed Lady Castle mana ; "tho idea is a very powerful one. I wonder if there is much wasted love in the world." ;' Ye,' said IsabolHyde, brionly, " you may be quites'ure of that,". "sn - - "You-muot read Evangeline," said Lord Castlemaine, and see what Longfellow says about wasted ofl'etions. Ilo declares that aofection never is wasted." "I do not believe," said Isabel Hyde," that he could prove his words. But we are going -along way from Anna BDoleyn. You would like a pioture from that most troubled time, Lord Catlemaino?" "Yes," he said;" I have often thought how interesting a series of bistorical tableaux, would bo-one taken from each reign. It would be interestiog andlamusing." "You would be ling'Henry," said Isabel; cibut, Lord Oasllemaine, you do not look ti!eo part. King Henry was fair, and florid, slhi stout; you are dark, and-and-I was going to add, handsome; but Imust not say that." She added in her own mind that he had indeed the grand, dark beauty that pie. troas givo'to Spanish kings, and her eyes told her thoughts plainly. "If \we have that tableaux," said Lady Castlomaino, " Ishould liho to bo.tne Boleyn am sure I could act a character that is familiar to me, and one that I like." "And I," said Miss Hyde, " should like to be Catherino of Arragon." ' "She was old and plain," interruptedLady Caetlemaine. "She was his toife," replied Isabel; "he loved her first and best; ha loved her well and faithfully-for how many yearn ?" r"He loved Anne Boleyn moro in the few years of his wooing and his marriage, than he did Catherine, spreading his love over,all those years." S'!I wonder," said Isabel, "which' o his wives he really loved the best. Each one seemed to have separate and differontcharao. teristioa. Catherine was 'every inch a queen,' a royal lady, true to God, and to duty. What she must have suffe'ied when she found her husband's love going from her to one so young and beautifulas Anno-the tortures of jealousy, the fear, and the doubts. I should say that no woman over suffered more." "I hope not," said Lord Castllmaine. "Then," continued Isabel, "comes your favourite, Lady Castlemaine. Her one charaeteristio seems to have been her bright, wonderful beauty-her laughing, coquettish nature. oBut what a short-lived triumph I While the king wooed Jane Seymour, how she must have suffered in her turn all the agonies that she inflicted on Catherine I" "Jane Seymour must have been very beauti. ful," said Lady Oastlemaine. "She was young, fresh, and fair, history says. I should think she was shrewd and calculating. She had soen a queen deposed to make room for Anna Boloyn, and she re solved that Annao should be deposed for her. I do not think that I care muoh for her; a colourless character, I think." "Then comes a character whom no one loves--a character without romance or poetry -Anno of Cloves. I have often wondered where'Cloves is." t' She walked in and walked out of history," laughed Isabel Hyde. "Then comes a wife for whoin I have always felt greatest sorrow, ymohpathy, and pity--that pretty, wilful child, Cathesino Howard; she was but a child. I was reading somewhere, the other day, that the night before her execulton her cries were so terrible and eo appalling, that strong nmeon who heard them tremblol. " I wonder,'.' cried Lady Castlemaino, '"t?int the whole nation did not riso up toa man and tear the monster from the throne. Thit is the most wonderful part of his history to me-that he was allowed to live." '! Then comes the last wile of all, Catherine Parr.- I always think of her as a motherly woman, dressed in gray-or broven, and muoh given to serious reading."-: " Perhaps on his death.bed,"'said. Lady' Castlemaine, " he saw the ghosts of his dead wives- Catherine, whom lhe tortured to death by breaking her heirt; poor murdered Anne Boleyn; Catherine Howard, slain in her early youth ;,Jane Saymour, whom he forgot as soon as she was dead. 'Now, which of these wives didhdo love best? " " Catharine of Arrogon thore can be no doubt of it,"asid Lord Oaetlmaineo; "She was the love of his lif-they .were but the loves of. an hour." '!Do you think a man ever hao twoloves in his life?"' asked Isabel Hyde, and sho looked with a alear, straight glance into the earl's oyes: "No," was the prompt reply; '" 'every man has bne love that is above all othere, and which is never repeated; "and he, in his turn, look ing at his beautiful young wife, seemed to say, "SBoch love as is mine for you.~ This did not please Isabel, who' could .read his thoughts as plainly as she could hear the outspoken words of others. She turned the oon versation back to its own ebannel. ",I wonder," she said, slowly'!' what people would do in these days if an English king be avd in such away." . .. - "They would give him short lihrift," said Lord Castlemaino, quickly. ' . " Englishman, in these dayse would not stand by in silence, while a young and beauti. Iul queen was beheaded," said Lady Castle. maino. ," People would soon begin to want to know more of the divine right of kings." " If we have the tablona," interrupted Isabel Hyde, promise me that I shall be the wife the kiig loved best, Cathalind of Aragon." S"-Iwill see to that," laughed Lord Castle. maine; and Lady Castlemaine suiled as she eaid: " '! lfthe poor Quooen Catherino hadbeen one half so fair as you, thoere would have been no Anne Boleyn. : , HAP R - IPTEB XVI. ?: TE - InnV.L QUEENS..-' Never had tho grand old abbey of Neath. been filled by such a crowd as that assembled there during the first week' of the new year. It was a dream of fairy.land, a dream of delight. ' 'The night that every one enjoyed the most was the one devoted to tableaux vivants. It was the crown of all other festivities. The old abbey was brightly illuminated. The light from , the numerous windows streamed out in great ruddy floods on the white, hard ground. The lights were so brilliant that they could be seen far away. The abbey was crowded with guests from far and near; the neighbours who had driven. there caring little fdr the cold of the winter's night, caring little for the frost and the snow. Rumor had been busy, and much had been said about the beauty and magnilioeneo of the tableaux, of the rare loveliness of the ladies who had to take part in them. Not an invi tation was refused, despite the disadvantage of wind and weather. Thoe tableaux were to be held in what was once a magnifeent banqueting room, in the daos when the Castlomaioos entertained the kingo and queens of England. A more modern and smaller dining-room had long since been built, and the old banquetohall was used as a ball.room or for private theatricala. It was tan invaluable room at Chritltmas time, for it would hold half the residents of the county. Such a room to danes in I There was no other like it. Buf to.niaght it presents distinoctivo features. There is a stage with crimson curtains before it, rrow after row of easy-chairs and velvet-oovcred banhes; there are magniftient decorations of floweors and Ohristmas evergreens; the great chan deliers are filled with wax tapers, and the light, though brilliant, is soft and pearly. Suoh an audiene wans gathered together -all the aristoeraey for miles around. Half the county was thoro-young and retty girls, fair ad bonnie matrons, hbus. band and sons, It was, indeed, a brilliant gbthering, Lady Caetlemaine received her guests, then went away to prepare for the tahlesaux. She -was, as usual. the most beautiful and graceful hostess, who had a smitl and kind word for all. Every one agreed that the arrangements were most perfect; nothing could have beer bettor. What a lovely mixture of ohoioe hot house flowers and evergreens I The stage wao as large as that of any theatre. The seats were all so comfortablo and ro well arranged, there was nothing but praise and admiring comments. Lady Castematine looked erpecislly lovel, on that occasion. She wore a superb drres of while satin, cxquleitely trimmed 'wits sprays of mistletoe. She wore the famout Castlemnieo diamonds, and in the land thesr were none finer; she looked regal and beauti. ful, and all eyes followed her admiringly. The series of tableaux had been'mostbeauti. fully arranged; no expense and no trouble hba heen spared. The first was from Millair' "Loue Huguenots," that most pathetio oflat pietureo, where the Catholic maiden implorer her Protestant lover to tie the white hand. kerchief round his arm, that he may be savre from the massacre ; but he will not, not over to save his own life will he wear for on, moment the emblem of a faith which hr scorns. At first Lord Castlemaino and Isabel hal been called upon to take the two ohmractcre. but at the rehearsals it was decided the! Isalbel was too dark, that the girl should br represented by one who contrasted with him one who was very fair and had golden hair Lady Castlemaine. Every one pronounced it toube a perfect picture-the fair comeliness of the girl contrasting with the dark, prbu' beauty of the man; the imploring, bhceobhin: prayer on her face, the grim resolve on his. It was a lovely picture ; and when the cu'r tain fell there was great applause. Lady Castlemaino trembled. "Rudolph," she said, "I did not knbo that one's whole soul went into these pic tlres; mine did. Rudolph, if you had beer. that Huguenot lover, you would have let mr lie tile scarf round your arm, would you not I" He caught her in liie arms just for one. moment, and kissed her Wiith desperate pas: sion. ' " I would have done much for you, darling, " he said. "I am not sure, though, whtihes I couldhave done that." " I would have made you,"'she said. She raised her fair face to his and kissed him. There could be' no mistake about the passionate love that husband and wife had for each other. Isaboel' vow was not near its fulfillment yet. Then followed a scene from "Faust and Inarguerite," beantifully arranged and highly applauded, which .was followed by a pioture from "The Lady of Lyons"-Claudo Melnotte and Pauline. Pauline was one of the young lady visitors, Then came the four tableaux that Lord Castlemaine had arranged, and which many had come especially to see. The first was King Henry the Eighth and his wife, Catha. rine of Arragon. He wore his royal robes, and a magnificent king he made. Queen Catharine, in a superb dress of velvet and ermine, a crown of diamonds on her dark hair, stood by his aide. He was seated i she stood, with one hand on his shoulder, as thoduh pleading with him. " Every inch a queen I" In her whole life= Isabel Hyde had never looked so royal, so beautiful I Her dress suited her to perfection ;" the sweeping velvet, the rich ermine, the royal erown. Art could not have lent that rapt, loving expression to her face. Her eyes, as they rea. ted on the king, were luminous with love; expressed wifely devotion, womanly tender. neos, passionate love; and yet, although they said so much, they did not tell onu.half" of what lay in her heart. A beautiful picture, intended to ripresent the home-llfe of the King and Queen Catherine. ",Much to young for the part," was the general comment ; " but how most exquisitely beanutifull I What aface I what a figure l" But the praiseo and the homage were leso than nothing to her; all she oared to see was .one flash of admiration and love in the eyes of Lord Contlemaine. She did not see it, and her own .grew the brighter for their wistful. longing. The curtains fell amid lend and sincere applause. SBefore anyone lhad time to come upon the stage, Isabel turned to leave, with a quiok flash of her dark eyes. ' You should try to look as though yon loved me, at least when we are on the stage tdgether," she said; and beforehe could give her an answer she was gone. - The true meaning of her words did not strike him; she was not quite like the ordi. nary, run of young ladies, and he must make allowances. He laughed as she disappeared, beit he would not have laughed had he known what was in her heart. Then name a beautiful picture. A story is told in legend, not in history, how Queen Catherino, going suddenly into her drawing. room, found the hing on his knees before Anne Boleyn. Neither of them knew of her entrance, and the king went on with his passionate, loving words. This was the second tableau of the series; some thought it the most beautiful; theo kneel. ing king with all the passion of his heart and soul in his face; Anne Boleyn with the light full on her lovely features, on her fair hair, her gleaming jewels and picturesque dress the expression of her face so sweot, so yield. ing, eo loving. There stood the angry queen, and, for once in her life, Isabel Hyde allowed her whole nature to speak in her face. Passionate love passionate anger, passionate despair were all there. A face that was at once beautiful, yet terrible; the love of a life-time, the love that would neither count cost nor crime was there; there also was the passionate anger, rage, and despair, more bitter than death. A silence that was more impressive than applause followed. The terrible paedion on that dark, tragic face could not so soon be shaken off. The third tableaux 8ws taken from the scone known in history, where Anne Boleyn, then reigning queen, finds the king embracing Jane Soymour, and knnow--poor, hapless lady I. - that her doom is sealed. L?dy Castlemaino commanded universal attention; there was the same expression in her face that impressed the andionea in Queen Catherine's passionate love and despair. The fourth and last tableaux was the beautiful and hapless Anne in her cell the night before her xecutlion-a picture of nn e?spnable loveliness and pathos. The queen, in a long white robe, her hair lying like a veil over her shoulders, kneeling before a table, on which rested the portrait of the king. Was she thinking of his wild ipursuit of her, of his ardent love, of his worship of her beauty? How often the banutiful bend that to-morrow would lie low in the dust had been pillowed on his breast I Was she wondering to herself how he could slsy her, when he had loved her so well? Those who Eaw the picture never forget it. When the curtains fell, and Lady Castlemaine rose from her knees, she was pale and iremb. ling. "Rudolph," she cried, "a shadow has flllen over me. I wish I had not joined in threO tableaux. Inm not Anna Boleyn, I am Gertrude Caetlemaine. You would not slay me, even if I did more than people say she did2 You would forgive me and love me always, to the endl Sec how my hands tremble, and my heartlhas grown cold. Nothing could part nus, could it, Rudolph?" " No, my darling," he replied, kissing the pale, beautiful face. "You have tired your. oelf. I will bring you a glass of obam. pagns," S~e drank it, but the colour did not coma bank to her face. "I cannot think," she raid, " what is the matter vwith me. As I knelt there ouch a etrango fLeelng odmo over me, ar though what I was doing then was some faint foreshadow ing of what some day or other would heppen to me." Hie kissed the sweet lips, that trembled still. " Rudolpll," she dried, "do you think I 'hell ever kneel before your pietured face, with my hr?tt broken at loring you e?" " No," he said. " (ertrudo darling, I will never hale another tableaux in the house if they ef??t von in this thsbton." Thtn lsabel came to to thm. " We are not only rival rarer," she said, laughingly, " but .we are rival queene, Ger trude." " OFrttude her ma crselif ill by giving her whole heart to the performances." " I am quito e nr," said Lady Castleamine, "that I ehall feel, all night, ir though the setffold was waiting for me in the morn. i"g." And although hoe did her best, that feeling remained with her during the real of that bril. liant evening. - - "I want to epuak just one word to you, Lord Ceatlemaine, before you give up your ingaship. Tell me once again, that I may re. member, which of these wives of yoirt did you love beat ?" Irabo' trd met him, as it seemed, quite by accident n men narrow panea'o leading to the dressing-room--met him anu stood still be. fore him, holding his eyes, or It were, with her own, while rho asked him the question. IHe was hall startled for one minute, then be answrer d:, " Cntharine, to be sure." " Then Iam glad I was Catharineo- lihted, despised, and repudiated as she was, I am glad that I was:Catharine. I have been queern to your king--.I shall remember that." : - A 'cagn thought that the ladies, como'nf them, must be on the point o! Insanity, ?ome over Lord'.aCutlertine'r mind, bet he dis. missed it; :IIe was clover'and kheen and the strange thing was that he had no ides, not the faintea cuslpioion; thmatisabel Hyde wae or had been in love with him. _ :' CU. PTEIIR:r XVII, .TRE MILLS OF 00D.? Most young married people take some time to understand each .ohdi, to fall.into each other's' waysa,to.l Iarn to forebeir, to be .patient with each -other'e faults. .L.rd and Lady Oastlemaino were ano coeption to the erneral rule. They had differencesof opinion. The hoeband, although he spoke at times im. patiently to his wife, loved her pasioaoately. Lady Castlsmale, .although atl timea want. in'g in patience and kindness, had the same great devotion for her.hosband. - They quarrelled, sometimsa, they differed in opnion, they. uttered' a few sharp, hasty worda; thet they :kissed e;nd made frietds, just lihl other husbanda and wives.. They were perfectly happy'in ;their married life happy in the present, and hopeful for the future." - ' " : r It was nearly the end of annuery before the gay party assembled at. Neath Abbey dis ocrsed; and up to:tbat ithe Isabel Hyde had nmade no progress with the'-fulllment of her vow. She was, it possiblo, moro deeply in love with Lard Castlemaine than aver. The abhort, fleeting hours when, on the stage, she had acted the pat of his wife, had' done her incaloulablo harm. She seemed raver to for get the event, and it led her into a half.lami liar kind of manner with bhin that would have aroused the jealousy of some wives; but Irady Castlemaine never seemed to notice it. , " They wore both grieved to part with her; they had begged. her to stay longer with them, but she had answered, laughingly: "I mutst'go sometime; I cannot. stay altays. I eannot live with you, but I would it I could." "The only comfort is that we shall se you in town. We are going early. Perhaps Lady OCreason will let you 'oms to us for a few weels lien." t ?: "That'would bo.delightful l" said Isabel Hyde, with a-smile that wao so muooh Greek to Lady Castlemalne. The earrings was at the door; the white snow lay frozen on the ground;" the robin redbroaets flitted about on the bare boughs: 'the sky was blue and cloudless, and the wind soughed around the grand old walls-a bright, beautiful winter's day. : Lord'Castlemaine was going to drive Miss Hyde to tedmoss station, Other guests had" been driven by the ecachman, but she had looked in her host's face when the manner and time of her going was mentioned. "You will drive me?" she said. "How many happy rides and drives I have had with you I and this will be the last I" " The last for a time," he replied. .' I hope we shall often ride together in London." "Do you really hope that?'" she asked. " Assuredly I do," was the reply, in. antone bf wonder. ' They all three stood on the drivoe;-the horses were impatiently pawing the ground. Lord Castlemaine went to th'i carreiog to seo if the rtga were.all right, and the two h?nutiful- women stood alone for a few minutes." Ludy Oastlemaine had thrown a 'ltr cloak over her: shoulder?,_ jot she shod.. 'daoed as the windhblew.'.. " I am afthid,"^ se said, that you will have addln ljournoy it is o'.very cold." '. "I tamquito sure of that," said Isabel. ? I shoild be dllalatleaving you i t were the brightest :day ina eummer. I wonder what kind of season it' will; be; a brilliant one, I hope' ." "' It is suro to'be,' said Lidy Castlloeinee.' We shall not baerival roses thisyear,"' said Isabel,. " Yoi .ban nver again a rival;' you ire vlotoriou .". - ' W\Ve shall not' be rivals; 'ea never were,.int that saneo of the.vword: Isabal, yonu will not forget .one thing- that you have called, me friend ?" " .I shall roe forget it," 'a e replied, with a' peiuliar smile. "The greatest pcansuira o me of the ooming ern:on.is that Ielrall' so you again," said Lady OCatlemnaie , as she hisoed the fsee of the girl'that was tbo bring euoh'unutterable woo to her. And so' with a kiss, tal ason the kiss of Jues, they patled. That evening, over her dressing-room firo, iGertrude, with her husband, discussed Isabel Ilyde. " She seems se very much attached to us," said Lady Ca.tlemalne, "I think mryetl quite fortunate in having found such a friend. You thave known her saome tim, Rudolpb; how is it you did not fall in lovoe with her?" " It" he replied, easily. "Ah, my Gartrudo, slio is bountiful and clever, but she is not the style of girl I should hbve loved. You are my style, and no other. We have been married neatly a year, and I am even more your lover than I was on our wedding-day. You are, and always moust he, the one only woman in the world for me." As Gertrude kissed thelips that had uttred such loving words, she thought herself the most fortunate as well as the happiest woman in the world. If the stars that shine above ns and hIar so many vows, could but tell how. ooten theC are made, and how often they ate broken I If the tall trees, that stand with their great braeches erect and bare, could tell the vows made ouder their shade-so fervent, so earnest, one would think they must be Immortal--and they last about a year I, How the stars and the trees must'laugha at such lovers' petjuries; how often'this lIcre is ohanoged or dead befoho the leaves have f..esm and the Green comes round agaidn: While husband and wife so discussed her, Isabel Hyde was in her own room at Holmn Beaton, where she was staying with her aunt Lady Creeson, and shea was face to face with a failure, a complete and perfect failure. The last thing she hod seen at Neath Abbey was how Lord Castlemaine, after he had ar. ranged her rugs andi'had made her quite comfortable, hastened from the eariiega to whero e is wife stood, wrapped in her for oloak. HIow handsome he looced standing there in the winter sunshine, his dark face all aglow with love Little heeding any lookera.on, he took Gar trude in his arms and lissed her. "Good-by, my darling I" he said. " I shall not be gone long." As they drove away, to the last his eyrs lingered on her, and when they could see her no longer, he began to talk about her, and every word that he uttered wasin loving praite of hor. Isabel IIyde had to listen and respond. MIost people would have been quite daunted. She was going away; it was toe ortnin, to say the least of it, when they would -,to:et again, and he had no thought for her,,is heart and mind were fall of his wife. Even at the railroad sattion, when he had arranged her travelling sgs, seeon that sbo had the most comfortable post in a first-class car, when he brought papers and peroudioals to amuse her during the journey, when he had shaken hands with her neld had bidden her good.by, she could tell that his thoughts were still with Gertrude ; for he same bnok to her just as the train was startirg-not, as she fondly imagined, to speak a few kind words to her, a lost farewell, but to ray : "Do you think Gertrude is looking as well as she did in town ?" Her patience gave way aSn so answered : "Yes, I think she looes as well as it is possiblo for her to look." -Bot it she intended her answer to be nar. asslio, her saronsm was all lost, entirely lost on Lord Castlemaine, in whose eyes his whio always looked beautiful. Then the train went on its way, and soon left Neath Abbey far behind. Isabel went with a sense of failure; and now, an she eat in her room alone, bhe was faoe to face with the knowledge that although she had brought all the power of her mind to boear on her purpose-that of making mie. chief between husband and wife, and ofl lti. matoly'parting them, she bad ignominiot'ly failed. She sat far some time in silence ; then she alenraed her white hands. 