CARRISTON'S GIFT. Tioan aT PasLIP BRAND, M.D., Loanox.) BY THE LATE HUGH CONWAY. PARnT LI CHAPTER III. IN the spring of 1865 I went down to ,Bournemouth to see, for the last time. an old friend who was dying of con sumption. During a great part of the journey down I had for a travelling companion a well-dressed gentlemanly man of about 40 years of age. We were alone in the compartment, and after in torchanging some small civilities, such as the bArter of newspapers, slid into conversation. My fellow-traveller seemed to be an intellectual man, and well posted up in the doings of the day. He talked fluently and easily on var ious topics, and judging by his talk must have moved in good society. Al though I fancied his features bore traces of hard living and dissipation, he was not unprepossessing in appearance. The greatest faults in his face were the remarkable thinness of the lips, and his eyes being a shade closer together than one cares to see. With a'casual ac quaintance such peculiarities are of little moment, but for my part I should not choose for a friend one who posses sed them without due trial and search ing proof. At this time the English public were much interested in an import.ant will case which was then being tried. The reversion to a vast sum of money de pended upon the testator's sanity or in sanity. Like most other people we duly ;discussed the matter. I suppose, from some of my remarks, my companion un derstood that I was a doctor. He asked me a good many technical ques tions, and I described several curious cases of mania which had come under my notice. He seemed greatly in terested in the subject. ' You must sometimes find it hard to .say where sanity ends and insanity begins,' he said thoughtfully. ' Yes. .The boundary-line is in some instances hard to define. To give in such a dubious case an opinion which would satisfy myself I should want to have known the patient at the time he was considered quite sane.' ' To mark the difference ?' 'Exactly. And to know the bent of'the charactor. For instance, there is a friend of mine. He was perfectly sane when last I saw him, but for all I know he mny have made great progress the other way in the interval.'" Then without mentioning names, dates, or places, I described Carriston's peculiar disposition to my intelligent listener. He heard me with rapt in terest. ' You predict he will go mad,' he said. 'Certainly not. Unless anything unforeseen arises he will probably live and die as sane as you or I.' 'Why do you fear for him, then ?' 'For this reason. I think that any suddbn' emotion - violent grief, for ihstance-any unexpected and crush ing blow, might at once disturb the balance of his mind. Let his life run on an even groove, and all will be well with him.' My companion was silent for a few moments. 'Did you mention your friend's name ?' he asked. I laughed. ' Doctors never give names when they quote cases.' .At the next station my companion left; the train. He bade me a polite adieu, and thanked me for the plea sure my conversation had given him. After wondering what, station in life he occupied, I dismissed him from my mind,' as one who had crossed my path. for a short time, and would probably never cross it again. i: Although I did not see Charles Car r?idstin, I received several letters, from .himn during the course of the year. He * had not forgotten our undertaking to 'pass mynyext holiday together. Early in the autumn, just as I was begin ning to lo'ng with a passionate longing for open air and blue skies, a letter came from Carriston. He was now, he said, roughing it in the Western Highlands.. He reminded me of last year's promise. Could I get away from work now ? Would I join him? If I did not care to visit Scotland, would I suggest some other place I'@there lie' could' join me? Still, the scenery by which he was now sur rounded was superb, and the accom modation he had secured, if not luxu r:ous, was fairly comfortable. He thought we could not do better. A postscript to his letter asked me to address him as Cecil Oarr, not Charles Oarriston. He had a reason for changing his name-a foolish reason I should no doubt call it. When we met he would let me know.jt. This letter at once dectded me to accept his invitation. In a week's time my arrangements for leave of absence were complete, and I was speeding northwards in the highest spirits, and well equipped with every thing necessary for my favourite holi day pursuit. I looked forward with the greatest pleasure to again meeting Carriston. I found him at Callendar walting for me. The coach did not follow the route we were obliged to take in order to reach the somewhat unfrequented lart of the country in which our tent was pitched, so my friend had secured the services of a primitive vehicle and a strong shaggy pony to bear us the remainder of the journey. So soon as our first hearty greetinge were over I proceeded to ascertain how the lastyear had treated Garriston. I was both delighted and astonished at the great change for the better which had taken place in his manner no less than in his appearance. He looked far more robust; he seemed happier, brighter-altogether more like ordi nary humanity. Not only had he greeted me with almost boisterous glee, but during our drive through the wonderful scenery he was in the gayest spirits and full of fun and anecdote. I congratulated him heartily upon the marked improvement in his health, both mentally and physically. ' Yes, l am much better,' he said. 'I followed a part of your advice-gave up moping, tried constant change of scone, interested myself in many more things, I am quite a different man.' 'No supernatural visitations?' I asked, anxious to learn that his cure in that direction was complete. His face fell. He hesitated a second before answering. 'No-not now,' he said. 'I fought against the strange feeling, and I believe have got rid of it-at least I hope so.' I said no more on the subject. Car riston plunged into a series of vivid and mimetic descriptions of the varieties of Scotch character which he had met with during his stay. He depicted his experiences so amusingly that I laughed heartily for many a mile. ' But why the change in your name ?' I asked, when he paused for a moment in his merry talk. He blushed, and looked rather ashamed. 'I scarcely like to tell you; you will think my reason so absurd.' 'Never mind. I don'tjudge you by the ordinary standard.' ' Well, the fact is, my cousin is also in Scotland. I feared if I gave my true name at the hotel at which I stayed on my way here, he might by chance see it, and look me up in these wild regions.' ' Well, and what if he did ?' 'I can't tell you. I hate to know I feel like it. But I "have always, per haps without cause, been afraid of him -and this place is horribly lonely.' Now that lunderstood the meaning of his words I thought the boy must be joking; but the grave look on his face showed he was never further from merriment. ' Why, Carriston,' I cried, 'you are positively ridiculous about your cousin. You can't think the man wants to murder you.' ' I don't know what I thick. I am saying things to you which I ought not to say; but every time I meet him I feel he hates me, and wishes me out of the world.' 'Between wishing and doing there is a great difference. I dare say all this is fancy on your part.' 'Perhaps so. Anyway, Cecil Carr is as good a name up here as Charles Car4 riston, so please humour my whim and say no more about it.' As it made no difference to me by what name he chose to call himself. I dropped the subject. I knew of old that some of his strange prejudices were proof against anything I could do to remove them.. At last we reached our temporary abode. It was a substantial, low-built house, owned and inhabited by a thrifty middle-aged widow, who, al though well-to-do so far as the simple ideas of her neighbours went, was nevertheless always willing to add to her resources by accommodating such stray tourists as wished to bury them selves for a day or two in solitude, or artists who, like ourselves, preferred to enjoy the beauties of Nature undis tirbed by the usual ebbing and flowing stream of sightseers. As Carriston asserted, the accomfiao dation, if homely, was good enough for two single men; the fare was plentiful, and our rooms were the picture of cleanliness. After a cursory inspec tion, I felt sure that I could for a few weeks make myself very happy in these quarters. I had not been twenty-four hours in the house before I found out one reason for the great change for the better in Charles Carriston's demeanour; knew why his step was lighter, his eye. brighter, his voice gayer, and his whole bearing altered. Whether the reason was a subject for congratulation or not I could not as yet say. The boy was in love; in love as only a passionate, romantic, imaginative na turc can be; and even then only once in a lifetime. Heedless, headstrong, impulsive, and entirely his own master, he had given his very heart and soul into the keeping of a womian. CHAPTER IV. That a nlan of Carriston's rank, breeding, and'.refinement should meet his fate within the wallsof, a lonely, farmhouse beyond the Teossachs seems incredible. One would scarcely cx pent to find among such humble sur roundings a wife suitable to a man of his stamp. And yet when I saw the woman who had won him I neither wondered at the conquest nor did I blame him for weakness. I made the great discovery on the morning after my- arrival. Eager to taste tile freshness of the morning air, I rose betimes and went for a short stroll. I returned, and whilst standing at the door of the house was positively s:artled by the beauty of a girl who passed me and entered as if she were a regular inhabitant of the place. Not a rosy Scotch lassie, such as one would expect to find indigenous to the soil, but a slim, graceful girl, with delicate classical features; a girl with a mass of knotted light hair, yet with the apparent ano maly, dark eyes, eyelashes, and eye brows-a combination which, to my mind, makes a style of beauty rare, irresistible, and dangerous above all others. The features which filled the exquisite oval of her face were refined and faultless. Her complexion was pale, but its pallor in no way suggested anything save perfect health. To cut my enthusiastic description short, I may at once say it has never been my good fortune to cast my eyes on a lovelier creature than on this young girl. Although her dress was of the plain est and simplest description, no one could have mistaken her for a servant; and much as I admire the bonny, healthy Scotch country lasses, I felt sure that mountain air had-never reared a being of this ethereally beau tiful type. As she passed me I raised my hat instinctively. She gracefully bent her golden head, and bade me a quiet but unembarrassed " Good morning." My eyes followed her until she vanished at the end of the dark passage which led to the back of the house. Even during the brief glimpse I enjoyed of this fair unknown, a strange idea occurred to me. There was a remarlkable likeness between her deli cate features and those, scarcely less delicate, of Caeriston.jThis resem blance may have added to the interest the giri's appearance awoke in my mind. Anyway, I entered our sitting room and, a prey to curiosity and perhaps hunger, awaited with much impatience the appearance of Carriston -and breakfast. The former arrived first. Generally speaking he was afoot long before I was, but this morning we had reversed the usual order of things. As soon as I saw him I cried, 'Carriston, tell me at once who is .the lovely girl I met outside-an angel with dark eyes and golden hair? Is she staying here like ourselves ?' A look of pleasure flashed into his eyes-a look whichpretty weli told me everything. Neverthelees he an swered as carelessly as if such lovely young women were as common to the mountain side as rocks and brambles. 'I expect you mean Miss Rowan, a niece of our worthy landlady. She lives with her.' 'She cannot be Scotch with such a face and eyes.' 'Half and half. Her father was called an Englishman; but was, I believe, of French extraction. They say the name was originally Rohan.' Carriston seemed to have made close enquiries as to Miss Rowan's parentage. 'But what brings her here?' I asked. ' She has nowhere else to go. Rowan was an artist. He married a sister of our hostess's, and bore her away from her native land. Some years ago she died, leaving this one daughter. Last year the father died, penniless, they tell me, so the girl has since then lived with her only relative, her aunt.' 'Well,' I said, 'as you seem to know all about her, you can introduce me by-and-by.' ' With the greatest pleasure, if Miss Rowan permits,' said Carriston. I.was glad to hear him give the conditional promise with as much respect to the lady's wishes as if she had been a duchess. Then, with the liberty a close friend may take, I drew towards me a port folio, full, I presumed, of sketches of surrounding scenery. To my sur. prise Carriston jumped up hastily and snatched it from me. 'They are too bad to look at,' he said. As I strug gled to regain possession, sundry strings broke, and, lo and behold ! the floor was littered, not with delineations of rock, lake, and torrent, but with images of the fair young girl I had seen a few minutes Lefore. Full face, profile, three-quarter face, five, even seven eight face, all were there-each study perfectly executed by Carriston's clever pencil. I threw myself into a chair and laughed aloud, whilst the young man, blushing and discomfited, quiclkly huddled the portraits between the covers, just as a sanguine Scotch lassie bore in the plentiful and, to me, very welcome breakfast. Carriston did ravour me with his company during the whole of that day, but, in spite of my having come to Scot land to enjoy his society, that day, from easily guessed reasons, was the only one in which I had undisputed possession of my friend. Of course I bantered him a great deal on portfolio episode. He took it in good part, attempting little or no defence. Indeed, before night hlie had told mn with all a boy's fervour how he had loved Mudeline Rowan at first sight, how in, the short space of time which had elapsed since that meeting he had wooed her and won her; how good and beautiful she was; how he worshipped-her; how happy he felt; how, when I pent south he should ac company me,"andl, after finaking a few necessary arrangements, return at once to bear his bride away. I could only listen to him and con gmratulate him. It was not my place to act the elder, and advise him either foror r against the marriage. Carriston had only himself to please, and if he made a rash stop, only himself to blame for theconsequences. And why should I have dissuaded- -I who in two days envied the boy's good fortune ? I saw a great deal of Madeline Rowan. How strange and out-of place her name and face seemed amid our surroundings! If at first some what shy and retiring, she soon, if only for Carriston's sake, consented to look upon me as a friend, and talked to me freely and unreservedly. Then I found that her nature was as sweet as her face. Such a conquest did she make of me that, save for one chimerical reason, I should have felt quite certain that Carriston had chosen n;ell, and would be happy in wedding the girl of his choice, heedless of her humble position in the world and absence of befitting wealth. When once his wife, I relt sure that if he cared for her to wmin social success, her looks and bear ing would ensure it, and from the great improvement whichb, as I have already said, I noticed in his health and spirits, I believed that his mar riage would make his life longer, happier, and better. Now for my objection, which a ems almost a laughable one. I objected on the score of the extraordinary resem blance which, so far as a man may resemble a woman, existed between Charles Carriston and Madeline Rowan. The more I saw them together, the more I was struck by it. A stranger might well have taken them for twin brother and sister. The same delicate features, drawn in the same lines; the same soft, dark, dreamy eyes; even the same shaped heads. Comparing the two, it needed no phrenologist or phy siognomist to tell you that where'one excelled the other excelled; where one failed the other was wanting. Now, could I have selected a wife for my friend, I would have chosen one with habits and constitution entirely differ ent from his own. She should have been a bright, bustling woman, with lots of energy and common sense--one who would have rattled him about and kept him going-not a lovely, dark eyed, dreamy girl, who could for hours at a stretch make herself supremely happy if only sitting at her lover's feet and speaking no word. Yet they were a handsome couple, and never have I seen two people so utterly devoted to each other as those two seemed to be during those autumn days which I spent with them. I soon had a clear proof cf the close ness of their mental resemblance. One evening Carriston, M]adeline, and I were sitting out of doors, watching the grey mist deepening in the valley at our feet. Two of the party were, of course, hand in hand, the third seated at a discreet distance- not so far away as to preclude conversation, but far enough off to be able to pretend that he saw and heard only what was in tended for his eyes and ears. How certain topics which I would have avoided discussing with Carriston were started I hardly remember. Probably some some strange tale had been passed down from wilder and even more solitary regions than ours -some ridiculous tale of Highland superstition, no doubt embellished and augmented by each one who repeated it to his fellows. From her awed talk I soon found that Madeline Rowan, perhaps by reason of the Scotch blood in her veins, was as firm a hbeliever in things visionary and beyond Nature as ever Charles Carriston in his silliest moments could be. As soon as I could I stopped the talk, and the next day, finding the girl for a few minutes alone, I told her plainly that subjects of this kind should be kept as far. as possible from her future husband's thoughts. She promised obedience, with dreamy eyes which looked as far away and full of visions as Carriston's. 'By-the-by,' I said, 'has he ever spoken to you about seeing strange things ?' ' Yes; he has hinted at it.' 'And you believe him?' 'Of course I do-he told me so. This was unanswerable. 'A pretty pair they will make,' I muttered, as Madeline slipped from me to welcome her lover, who was approaching. 'They will see ghosts in every corner, and goblins behind every curtain.' Nevertheless, the young people had no doubts about their coming bliss Everything was going smoothly and pleasantly for them. Carriston had at once spoken to M]adeline's aunt, and obtained the old Scotchwoman's ready consent to their union. I was rather vexed at his still keeping to his absurd whim, and concealing his true name. He said he was afraid of alarming the aunt by telling her he was passing un der an alias, whilst if he gaveMadeline his true reason for so doing she would be miserable. Moreover, I found he had formed the romantic plan of marry ing her without telling her in what an enviable position she would be placed, so far as worldly gear went. A kind of Lord-of Burleigh surprise no doubt commended itself to his imaginative brain. The last day of my holiday came. I hade a long and sad farewell to lake and mountain and, accompanied by Carriston, started for home. I did not see the parting proper between the young people- that was far too sacred a thing to be intruded upon-but even when tnan protracted affair was over, I waited many, many minutes whilst Carriston stood hand in hand with Madeline, comforting himself and her by reiterating, " Only six weeks-six short weeks! And then-and then!' It was the girl who at last tore herself away, and then Carriston mounted reluctantly by my side on the rough vehicle. From Edinburgh we travelled by the night train. The greater part ,. of the . way we had the compartment to ourselves. Car riston, as a lover will, talked of nothing but coming bliss and his plans for the future. After a whilo I grew quite weary of the monotony of the subject, and at last dozed off, and for some little time slept. The shrill whistle which told us a tunnel wvas at hand aroused me. MIy companion was sitting opposite to me, and as I glanced across at him my attention was arrested by the same strange intense look which I had on a previous occasion at Bettws-y Coed noticed in his eyes-the same fixed stare-the same ob'iviousness to all that was passing. Rememberinr his request, I shook him, somewhat roughly, back to his senses. He re garded me for a moment vacantly, then said, 'Now I have found out what was wanting to make the power I told you of complete. I could see her if I wished.' 'Of course you can see her-in your mind's eye. All lovers can do that.' ' If I tried I could see her bodily know exactly what she is doing.' He spoke with an air of complele con viction. 'Then, I hope, for the sake of mo desty, you won't try.. It is now nearly 8 o'clock, She ought to be in bed and asleep.' I spoke lightly, thinking it better to try and laugh him out of his folly. He took no notice of my sorry joke. 'No,' he said quietly, "I am not going to try. But I know now what was wanting. Love-such love as mine-such love as hers-makes the connecting link, and enables sight or some other sense to cross over space and pass through every material ob stacle.' 'Look here, Carriston,' I said seri ously, 'you are talking as a madman talks. I don't want to frighten you, but I am bound both as a doctor and your sincere friend to tell you that unless you cure yourself of these absurd delusions they will grow upon you, develop fresh forms, and you will prc bably and your days under restraint. Ask any doctor, he will tell you the same.' 'Doctors are a clever race,' answered my strange young friend, 'but they don't know everything.' So saying he closed his eyes and ap peared to sleep. We parted upon reaching London. Many kind words and wishes passed between us, and I gave him some more well meant and, I believed, needed warnings. He was going down to see his uncle, the baronet. Then he had some matters to arrange with his lawyeis, and above all had to select a residence for himself and his wife. He would no doubt be in London for a short time. If possible he would come and see me. Anyway, he would write and let me know the exact date of his approaching marriage. If I could manage to come to it, so much the better. If not he would try, as they passed through town, to bring his bride to pay me a flying and friendly visit. He left me in the best of spirits, and I went back to my patients and worked hard to make up lost ground, and counteract whatever errors had been committed by my substitute. Some six weeks afterwards-late at night-whilst I was deep in a new and clever treatise on zymotics, a man hag gard, wild, unshorn, and unkempt, rushed pest my startled servant, and entered the room in which I sat. He threw himself into a chair, and I was horrified to recognise in the intruder my clever and brilliant friend, Charles Carriston ! S(To be continued.) 