THE STORIM KING. The Storm King, the Storm King, That monarch of fate, He rides on the wings of the wind In true state. In a chariot of flame You can see him pass by, And his voice stirs the vaults Of the azure blue sky. It resounds through the mountains, And peals o'er the plain, Re-echoing far o'er the foam crested main ; While the depths seem to mock At the tempest on- high, And lashed into foam Each wave makes reply, Till all nature herself Wakes up from a dream, And the depths of eternity Echo and scream, As if they'd been pent In the bosom of time, Till the voice of creation Is one voice sublime. For lightnings are flashing, And thunders they peal, And the earth on her axis Seems to totter and reel, While the monarch of all On the wings of the blast Smiles at the tumult As he quickly ies past. Still hurrying onward O'er land and o'er main The Storm King of fate In a chariot of flame, Till spent in the distance The echoes reply I am King of the earth, The sea, and the sky. The Storm King, the Storm King, He rides on the clouds, Pavilioned in splendour With death'in his shrouds; For lightnings are flashing Above and beneath, And his arrows fly swiftly Like steal from its sheath; Dealing death in an instant, Those forked tongues of flame, Or rending the giants Of forests in twain; Shattering alike cottage and hall, And filling man's heart With dread like a pall, While the winds howling round Like ghosts of the night, Through hollows and dens Of the earth in its flight, Join in the tumult And echo aloud, The Storm King, the Storm King, He rides on the cloud. And the moon's brightness pales And the stars disappear, And the beasts of the forests Are hiding for fear, While the Monarch of all Fans the wild blast With the breath of his fury As he quickly flies past; Dealing death and destruction O'er land and o'er main, The Storm King of fate In a chariot of flame. And the thunders roll on, While the depths make reply He is King of the earth, The sea, and the sky! The Storm King, the Storm King, He rides on the waves, And digs in the deep For the poor sailor's grave, IRending the heart Of mother and child, As he sinks the good ships In the depths of the wild; Hurling it down In the gulf and the gloom, Not leaving a ripple To tell of his tomb; And caring for nought Of anguish or pain, As he fearlessly rides On the crest of the main; Dipping his feet In the spray and the foam, And laughing aloud At the poor sailor's moan ; While the fisherman's wife She kneels on the shore, Embrncing her child Till all hope is o'er; For she sees the frail boat Now lifted on high, And dashed in the deep, Not heeding his cry As he stretches his hands To mother and child, And sinks to his grave In the depths of the wild. While the fiend laughs ah I ah I These trophies I claim As King of the Storm, O'er land and o'er main. And the thunder rolls on, While the echoes reply He is King of the earth, The sea, and the sky i Westbury. J. D. Hosne. 