OLIVER'S BRIDE/ A- NOVEL By Mbs Oliphant. OHAPTEB VII. They had all been disturbed by it beyond ex pression; by his absence, by his silence, the sudden 6trange departure which, natural enough at the minute, appeared now in the light of sub- wonent events so extraordinary, which now looked like a flight, but— from what I From happiness, from well being, from everything that the heart of nan would desire. Mr Ford was a person of a very sturdy mind, not given to fancies like his wife, but after a fortnight he had found he was almost more anxious than she was. He ques tioned her closely as to Oliver's past life. Had she ever heard of any entanglement 7 "There must be some one who has a claim upon him, who would expose him to Grace, if not worse," he said, at which Trix was naturally in dignant. ' Von men have such bad imagination," she laid. " How should he have any entangle ment f He , hns been fond of Grace since — since " ... \- Since he saw her here six months ago Trix." , , , Trix pew very red, and the tears came into her eyes. " You mean, Tom, that Oliver, that— that my brother, got fond of Grace only when—" " I don't mean anything of the .-ort," said Tom Ford, "it is women for having Lr.. I imaginations, though, perhaps, in a different way. 1 mean that ke had forgotton all about her. But when he saw her again, and saw how nice she was— for the is a very nice womnn, poor thing, far too nice tobemade a wreck of for the sake of some bag- gaec " " Tom 1 Yon have taken leave of your senses, 1 think." "My dear, you know well enough, just as well as I do. thnt Oliver hasn't been immaculate. Bat why the deuce didn't he have the courage to tell the truth ; why didn't he speak to you, or me, if it comes to that, If he had made a clean breast of it—" " We don't know yet that there is anything to make a clean breast of," said Trix, beginning to cry. And she put on her bonnet in a disturbed way, and went over to Grace for comfort, who might be supposed to want comfort more than she did. Grace was very pale, but composed, and met her friend with a smile. " 1 don't know anything," she said, " but he asks me to wait, and I mean to wait. Why should we condemn him i There must bo a reason, nnd when he can he will tell us, It is not out of mere wantonness he is staying away." Tliey had all given up tacitly the fiction about the >ick friend. That had been dismissed at a quite early date ; the reality that was in it being beyond any guesses they could make. "Oh Grace, you are the best of all! Yon are the one that his the worst treated and you are the most kind." "Trix, wc don't know that there is any ill- treatment at all," snid Grace. She was very sub dued, very pale. It almost overcame her com- jicsurc altogether when the butler enme in with a large parcel, one of the many wedding presents that were arriving daily. " I have not the heart to open Ihet.i," she said, leaning her head upon Trix's shoulder, who flew to her with instant com prehension. "And yet I want to open them that nobody may suppose Look," she said, pointing to n table covered with glittering spoils. "Look at all that, and the congratulations that come with them. And to think that I don't know, I don't know even— "Oh Grace, all will be well, all will be well — long before that." Grace did not reply at first, but shook her head, "lie docs not even say that all will he well, he Eays only — wait. And I will wait," she said, composing herself. Trix did not get much com fort out of this visit. She went homo indignant, angry beyond telling with her brother, though she could not bear that her husband should give utterance and emphasis to iter fears. And for some days after the tulk of those two people was I nothing but Oliver and what his meaning could be. Mrs Ford sent off a loug and eloquent letter to him next day, but received no answer to that any more than to her former letters. And Ford too, wrote, which was very much more serious, — Ford, who never wrote a Liter except on business, leaving everything else to liia wife. Ford put before his brother-in-law indeed the business view of the matter. He had tome under certain engagements, did he intend or not to fulfile them ? lie told Oliver that his eon- duct was more madness, that it was against nil bis interests, that he was destroying his own credit and cutting his own throat, What did he mean by it 7 hut added that whatever he meant, which yrns his own concern, ha ought not to lose a mou.:rX '"1 rr.r.g uaclc, «2d doing what he could to repair the fearful mistake he was making, Thft letter was curt and business-like, but very much in earnest. Oliver had come by that time to a condi tion of mind in which arguments of this or any other kind was of no avail. He never read it did he not know everything that could be said to him had he not said it all and twenty tu)ie3 more to himself 7 After this appeal, however, and that much mora e'oqucnt, certainly more lengthy one of Trix, silence fell again, and th: days so anxiously watched at every post for letters passed on and brought nothing. The excitemmt, the tension, the fear of suspense gTew hourly. As yet they had managed to keep it to themselves. Nobcdy knew, unless it might be tho servants, who know everything. Gtace was tho strongest in this efiort ; she replied with so composed a look, so steady a smile to tha carious questions as to Mr, Vent worth's long absence, that curiosity was baffled. Trx did not know how she could do it. She hetself grew red, the tears came to her oyes in spite of herself. It was always on tha cards that alio might break down altogether, and take some sympathetic visitor into her confidence, She was like her brother, not of so steady a soul as Grace, and this was to her insupportable, as his mora terrible anguish was to him, It was from Tom Ford, however, the man without nerves, the cool-headed, mercantile person whom Trix had so often stormed at as unsensitiva and hard to move, that the touch of impatience came He said one day at breakfast suddenly, without warning, "I think, Trix, if there is no word to day, I shall run up to town and see with my own y«s, what Oliver is up to. We cannot let this go on." " Run np to town to-day ? Tom, yon have heard something, yon know more than we do—" Nothing of tho sort : bnt I feel a responsibility, He is your brother, and that poor girl met him in our house. I must eee what it means. I can't lei it run on like this. She has no brother to stand up for her. I want to know what the fellow means." "Tom, you must not go and bully Oliver, He "would never stand that, even when he was a toy." "I have no intention of bullying him, I want to know what he means," Mr Ford repeated dog gedly, And then Trix, what with fear lest his in terference should be resented, what with eagerness to solve the mystery insisted on going too ; to which her hnsband did not object, having fore seen it, Bke went out immediately and told Grace. The sense of being about to do something b a great matter to a woman who in most emer gencies of her life is compelled to wait while others do what is to be done. Movement is hope to her, and gives her a confidence that all must oome right. " Tom and I are going, lorn has business of his own, and he tabes this opportunity. And he thinks I may as well go with him, and this mys tery will be cleared up, I shall telegraph to yoa at once, the moment I have seen him, Grace." Grace was greatly startled by this sudden reso- 'J"?0! though she said very little. But when the . started by the afternoon train she was there at f an station to meet them. "I think I will go too," she said. " Ton fc» r have a great deal of shopping to do." A- u! nnt a word was said by which a stranger coui j u.Ta divined that this was an expedition, not '« -hnn ping, bnt of outraged Iotc and despair. Tl> in Ltndon late, with a sort of nnderstr ' ,w hothmg could be done that night. P tha ladies had been settled in their h< ® nrd went out to take, as he said, aw through the gloomy streets; thro ihP gtmnd with all its noise and crowd, to t" 5? , ? ' Oliver's chambers were. He h.- even, where he was going. aoAloU1,.1.118 T-. ! might bo something to lear ?. ' ' -7r better the women should a which t< ; he thought, too, that it w< oot hear ; . '-1 out their aid to bring ' Juldibe r. \\.:u: " \-- — .... the w:.nd Lrck. fx. h The exclusive right cf - - been purchased by tb pcbhotl.:-! " &soli;» £>«- B'spn,1. 4 jrroprin.-u oi u'. ' T>i-' went all that long way on foot, thinking within himself that the later he was, the more likely he was to find Oliver, and turning over in his mind what he should say. He would represent to him the folly of his behaviour, the madness of throw ing thus his best hopes away. Ford was very anxious, more anxious than he wonld have con fessed to anyone. He did not, indeed, think of such a possibility as that which had really bap- : pened ; but his mind was prepared for some com- | plication, some entanglement that had to be got rid of ; perhaps even some tie made '.m earlier years which Oliver had believed himself to have got rid of, and which had come to life again, as such things will. Who could tell? he might have married, and have thought his wife was dead, and have been roused ont of his happiness by the terrible news that this was not true. .Such a thing is not uncommon in fiction, for instance ; and Mr Ford, like many busy men, was a great novel reader, He was ready even, terrible though it would be, to hear that this was tha cause of his brother-in-law's disappearance. Bnt, perhaps, he hoped it might be something not so bad as that. He was a long time gone, so long that Trix got alarmed, and in her nneasiness burst into Grace's room, who was going to rest, to wait with what patience she might for the morning, which, she said to herself, must end all suspense, Her self- restraint was sadly broken by the irruption into her room of Trix with all her fever, " Where do yon think he can have gone ? Ob, what do yon think can have happened to him ? — such dreadful things happen in London," Mts Ford cried, rising gradually into higher and higher excitement. She thought of garotters ; of roughs who might have followed him along the Embankment (though she scarcely knew where that was), and already her imagination figured him lying on the pavement senseless, perhaps un conscious, unable to tell anyone where to carry him. "The only address that would be found upon him would be our address at home, and if they telegraphed there, and then telegraphed here, how much time would be lost. And it is too lato even to telegraph," she s3id, as these miserable antici pations gained upon her. But what could two women do in a London hotel ? They could not go nut with a lantern and search for his body about the streets, and they did not even know where or in what direction he had gone. " He has gone to find your brother," Grace suggested once: but Trix would not hear of this, " Hover," she said, "without letting mc know," At last when it was after midnight a hansom drove up to the hotel, and Mr Ford appeared, ex ceedingly pale and with an air of great agitation and distress. He told them that Oliver was very ill : that he had found him in a most critical state, bnt happily bad been able to get a doctor and stop the mischief. He would not be more explicit ; they had managed to stop the mischief, that was all he would say. He had a letter in his hand which he had read" imperfectly by the lamp light as he drove hack, and by the dying candles in Wentworth's room into which he had almost forced his way. He told his wife that he had found on Oliver's desk this long letter addressed to himself, and gavo her an outline of the story, which brought snch a shriek from Trix as sounded the partition nnd staitled Grace once more in the solitude to which she had returned again. She appeared between the husbnnd and wife a minntc after in her white dressing gown, white as tho gown she wore. " There is something you have not told me, Tell me what it is," she said. It had been a momentary relief to her to know that Oliver wai ill. If that was so. everything might be explained ; but . And now she heard that there was (omcthing more. "Oh, Grace, go to bed : oh, go to bed. Wo don't know ourselves yet. To-morrow morning, the very first thing after you have had a night's rest " "I cannot rest to-night," she said, with white lips, " until 1 know. There is nothing that cannot be borne," she added, a moment afterwards, " ex cept not to know." They made a curious contrast. Trix all flashed with excitement and distress, her voice choked with tears, her eyes overflowing ; and she who was even more concerned, she who believed her self to be Oliver Wentworth's bride, in that breath. less silence of suspence, afraid to make a sound, to waste a word, lest perhaps she should miss some recollection, some indication of what to her was lifo or death. " I havo something here to read, if you think you can bear it. It is not good news." " Oh, Tom. for the love of heaven, don't, Grace go to your room, dear! Oh, go to bed, and I'll come — I'll come and tell you as soon as we know," " It is Oliver's hand," said Grace. " I can hear whatever ho fcas written. But let mo have it at one, for this suspense is mo:c than I can bear." " Grace— Grace I'V— But Mr Ford interrupted his wife. He saw that Grace was not to be put off any longer, and indec4 Tt'as capable of nothing but knowing the tru'.u. He brought me easiest chair for her, with that pathetic instinct which makes us so careful of tho bodies of those whose hearts we are about to crneh. She made no opposition, .She would have done anything— anything, so !&ng; as it brought her nearer the end. Ford had the dis crimination to see this, and that the only thing she could not bear was delay. He began at-oncc read the letter, of which he had already told tho | chief parts to his wife. The two candles flickered I placed together on the mantlopiecc, and drearily | doubled in the mirror behind, while tho bare hotel ! room, with its big bed and wardrobes, formed an : indistinct, cold background, Mr Ford stood by tfce mantlepiecc, and read slowly, in a voice of ' which he had not always command, Trix behind ' bim, sobbing, crying, exclaiming, unable to re- I strain herself, was moving up and down, sometimes i stopping to look over bis shoulder, sometimes throwing herself into a scat. In the centre, the ; white figure, all white, motionless, satrin her chair. : She way prepared for anything. Except a itart and shiver when she heard of the marriage she scarcely made a sign from beginning to end, The i others were distracted even in their own horror and pity, by an anxious desire to know how she would atke it, but Grace was disturbed by no such secondary feelings, At that point her hands which bad been lying in her lap, closed in convul sive clasp, but save this she made no sign, listening to every word till tha end. Bven after the end it was soma time before she moved or spoke. Then ah« pointed to it, and said faintly, " It is a letter- is he— is he gone away I" " Yon hqvo heard all this. I most tall you more ( —I ffltlst tell you everything," said Ford. Ha was much agitated, his lips quiverings, his voice failing altogether now and then. " 1 belieYe," ho said, struggling to get out the words, " I am sure that the noise I made at his door saved his life. His arm must have swerved at the moment of firing the piBtol," She rose to her feet with a quick, sudden cry, ' The pistol 7 That I That I" She supported herself against the mantelpiece, against which be too was leaning, and there seemed to rise in the mirror a pale white ghost, facing the darker figure, .'Oliver," she said, " Oliver, tall me everything. That ie his last word, and he is dead I" "No, no, no— oh, not" came in Trix's voice ifom behind, I Ford took her hands from their olutch on the I marble, and put her back into her chair. All he i was afraid of wea that Bhe would faint or die, per- ! haps, in his arms. j " He is alive ; he is wounded ; hut not fatally? Oh, Grace, What can we say to yon, Trix and I . i It. is greatly our fault. My poor girl, cry or some- i tiing. Don't look like that, You must put him j cut of your thoughts. You must " | Bhe'shook herself freed him, with impatience. / "1 am asking you about OliTer," she said. " Oliver ' _wlio is with him 7 Who is taking care of him ? HaTe you left him alone, with no one ? Trix are you going to him, or shall I !" The husband and wife looked at each other in dismav. Mrs Ford stilled in a moment her Eobs and exclamations, not knowing what to " "You ore nrarcst him in blood, but I am nearest in " she parked for a icunout, then shook her bct-l sad! v. " Vcthnjrv, you think," she said, " that it will be for him— to die." "Oh no, Grate! Ha, no— Oh. Grace. w-ri can"l say J" "He is not going to die, " Fori cabl rovgi-iy. a 1' -citation of his mind. " But j i ' t roof him, Grace. He Va. i . "— z.r'-n vo u, This miserable marriage — '" i .-twain lioin:;. re. i- no: i!::.' I > ' ' : i appro.',-. m:1./ wonder at me if you ""H, I approve, And if ho should die I accept his legacy, I thank God he had that trnst in me, and that he did what was right. Oh Trix, Trix, Oliver is dying, and you and I standing idly here I" (to be continued,) 