LECTURE S,. Lecturo.hy the litv. Artltlr Murnoll. LODGINGS TO LET. About twolvo tinotilnaago it wasn thio unfortuunto lotof 'the hlmnble inldividuitll who now addresses yoet" to deliver a lecture oii Jo1hn Hlowiri d n the Mainches terl' Ctoran El chant in lid of a monst deserving Iieused Slchl in this city. On that orcasion soo'thino was said ahott lodgincs ; and in rfeternce to nonie the early vicijitades Johnl Ifowarl's life, in trarislna ting It'i vino fnd fig trio from placeo to place, some well-meant advieu witt ofltril to yonlIii mnc asi to "lihow to rhoose u" nndlady." Little trrcaini io thlin arc ndiisi eriulie of whliich IIo liii br(01 gI ilty, ,i3 o " tm iiiu ,i' nhdi vidull" aforesaid l nlt llome with an ell'y cosrilsict, , 11nd i'oo went so far as to pass a coillmparai'uly triaq111il light. Ilut the next Inoriiii's post (or at all v1llt, tlhe ilornillf aftur tliiit) 8slow\d' the breiltfast tabl almost groaning beneath the weight d a countloss host of letters,, every one iof themn Oilllatili" from tim peI)n ot'lhfignti uit lettiera of flilrnisheld apartlim1in) . To ani\'> anly idea of their cooltents woSitl not only bfll'li all mly poweP, biut woill bo foreign to our main purpose tlilianfternoon. Snlipo it to say that they , were anythinf but flattering or coluplihmenltoryv comlmuni cationi, nl I tihmt " Ipnppy," " whipplr snapper," " rscal," 1anl ii1nob," eIOro. among tim giu'utlest opitlets tlhat woro emnplyel. .I ?ccne-liolmuch clarulol', as you mnny suppose,. on rooeipt of such a storlll ot' fo)ullnllo Ubuse. I bhV.'ran to fear all the luidladias in the city would con spire against li, aind I should be driven out of house aiudhpme, and be oompellod either to get miarried or keep a toll-gito. My first concern, was furihwith to stop dow i to the printer's and provent the publioistion of. th'. ubuoxious pamphlet, iniorder that it might not obtain a wider eirmulatibn ; but, alas!; it was too late. A firat'edititin was. ilready out, and great flaming yellow bills groeted se as I went dowin the street fronst every news shop window announcing its appearance. There was nothing for it but to. go honme and calmly await the consequences. I deeomed it best to imitate the children of Israel, and keep my "lions girt as if for ajourney'!; and, having packed up all myI small stock of worldlly goods whilch I foupd no dilleu!ty in condensing within the limits of a moderate-sized portmaentau-I calmly wainted for. marh sng orders., But though eachl post brought in a fresh supply of the ichky tide" of abase from forei'gn parts,. the countenance of imy ownl landlady under went no change, but still wore its placid and benignant aspect.. Mly cocoa in the morninig was.not poisoned, nor could any analytical chemist detect any strychnineo in my tea at night. A. little reassuredby these ciroumustansas, I venturcedl by degrees to usnpnak my portimanteau-tirst taking out a clean collar, then a pocket handkerchief and. so on; until in the course of' about a fortnight or three .weeks, soy entire offects.wcro restored to their accustomed:places,, nud I felt that I could.breathe freely once msore, and that my gourd was. not yet withered and blighted over my. uniiwky head.. This was all the consequenco of talking about lodgings and landladigs ;; so it cannot be doemned surprising if' I approach the discussion of the title Ithlave just read to you willsth greait fear and trombling. The abuse of the ladieo.,wae by nio mieans all J, got for my unpardonable lecture, for Oditors of IlwsrpaIPrs filled up columnl aftir column with such awfd ul vitufer Atinnsinnau 1yliv eitrs.. davilr,.!s1.0 ss),,y k 0111) ,V"er brothlrr himself about owhat the patperl~any abaint b11,111,11o gralit bruit, of the t1 tel la'iii was inllicted by ilthe out ragudl Ciilniti titf' irespiel able .wvdows nid spinitest1 who let their first Ilpor Iront,ur, their. tvopijr blAck. to- a well behavud single entlitliatin. But I dbn't exp'!t (tO IlueLt auith unch alrse from tl'ose qiuirli fIor anu' ything [ may say to. iday Asrtn the oditor, it will depend, of IiOUrQ, uponi teiostiil'of of tlleir culuimns, 1whother"thliy fatlliffoUl of ineior not., If there is. adeartl of nows'or a parcity of ,advertieamoeit, I' shallprobably come in for n, visitation; if ino, they will not know, that such: a )Uiprson exists,. The only pjaties iwhose hotilities I expecr to excite tqiday (and with them I hope always tol he it'lognoerheads) are those who lirofcsC to havo piked the pocket of eternal mercy,, and robbed it of the key which lots thti sinnir into heaven; those people who, otheir boonuse of the amia bility of thpit.tempers;,the beauty of thoir personal appourance, or tohe natural ur banity and anavity of their Inannors, feel assured that hifc are protcated from all eternity all lapses and'nliatakCes by which other pilgrims isas their way; and that instead of bringing. nothing into the world, anRd fooling Lertain they shall carry nothing out, tlhy. are persuadled thait they came unto tho.. world with a tioket ot nadlission ( through tlhe gates into the city," shut up in their hand, or pasted iko a lahol on their forohecnds, I say I do anticipate the opposition of those mfi. who wanlt to keep, HIeaven to tlhemselves, and who woul.l chupklo over the dowanward course of those who go to holl, But if there is any spccipl coit plaint to whioch it is more rasy to, recon oilo ourselves than others, it is the coin, .pininth and nsporsions of those, who find fililt with th fironiess of the ffospel you prouliin. W ell then, I say nain-[ ecpout aid ehallenllo the opposition of those who hito to hear a Ainnor eitre.,eate to como to Christ, andi who. cannot bour to hear-1a .avlimr's boiundloss love exalted, FOP I ilitend to devote our few milluteCa to-day to an attompt to ;convince tilt greuatet nilter ill. 11lij roolll that U1noU thl "inItall y 1Ilii iollis" talit JeSIus lig prepare) d for tl)clll,that love llol l, tlhoro i a glorious one realy for him. it' he wiill but *t;.ak it. I want tol IOeseLnt such1, a1 viuw of thi tuln?es ofi Divinu luvo, ilnd tho filelloiss of savill urnL'o us shllll eliousilgo Ilio downliiest iianil li'p liring tol unstop their uirs andi listen to ill) ov'r turos of truith. I wlnt to poi sjllld t|llIt to "h liirkelni unto 3<6,d ratliher than to itl "; an intilli, ll ofl b ilnl i lerrifio by the cllo, lliwhn iwithl Grigoi 'ncto Itee ll sti chli bollinllin i hiope ti stonii, ild tells you you ireo toou gpi't a sinner to be slvei'l-to liib eisoiioiur.ie by tli otlltr wboil li sweulls lit hisclovi ri.ilt h li, " As I live I dulihlt niu ill thli deilt of' a sinicer, but ratier )hIoi uil tr froln Is wiklilhl,.in . *i| lie.," "Tu1,, fr'om his ickcti'cness." - Y'--liis is si tial to life. li i..'iii.lin)r f you a l. iving in continuioid ni d clirislit il sill, yoii u eli not liro lung. ''llu vitrllul 1i ,, which Gol hlis for you, nii II;wliielh lii is so innxious you slould tiaki,,altliougih olfercre to tli siiiier, is not gi?, to him until e)o forsii lk'i hi sins. tl dirllon t IiiiII iusl. giveo up lius Ci.,liig- dii the d iliad st slrl'nd'll his uxcesss. 'Thu barg1ain tliat trladesiina is di'iv ilng witli his iisto(lllr Iliust bu closod, hefro his liavarice i'l'iiel hlilu ilio robbsry. Thliit wi'iecup ?hllr tlo liquor blushles rod in thlle gh ofr tuh lilid.iight lilli IIll i .lt ie s t dlown', beforu it ills delighted with its flory blood tlh oia. scielico and tlhu iiid. I know a- poor wolanll in ll B'itol-whoiu I itled to go o see soulluiutics-wh-l, i~ vitg lust all her family but one daughter, became sadly at a loss for tlhe means of a livelihood. Observing that the house she lived ir contaiuned a room whiel she did not lsie, E advised her to take in lodgers, Shel acted on the suggestion, anId oon the usual placard, LodgigpI to Lt," apperotd in tthe window. An luppliunt was not lona ie irrivnin', in the person of a lurge', hleavy-biil, coars-lookingI niton who verly speedily beean to acquire such an aiefO 1nney over lii poor bostes, as renderod heir life insunportulb. Ile be can- tha tlyrant of thn hown ', He was a wild, inturiate, drinking miecreant-a fool when soher, uzIdl : elond when drunk. Ie wIouldl fill the poor woman's house with his sottish companions, and hold vile orgies of intemporance and vice. Oaths and loewdl jpsts b)eull to poison the innuocecnt crs of the young daughter, and, the dlltuhninL noil corrupting Igiven of' that brutal presculee began to nork upon her mind: The wrclch perceived his power, and hlis coward heart, securo in the defencelessness of those with whomii ho lived. resolved to nuko lijhself at home. The louses virtnally clna'ged' hands luHe was at homse, and her Iheartlh stone had beconme a hull to hor. llappilyv necessity drove hirii to dupart, i if go across the sea to some other hland; bt whun theu poor widow told nmp afterwards of theu sort of ellin fascination that this brute acquiredl over iher, I coulil not heIlp thinking of the analogy betweein snh. A caose andi tiheo inward experienceu. of the human heart., Every heaourt is like a lodg ing-house; but the lodginas, are seldnom to let, they are nearly always occupied. Before in first ciame into the world, the heart was God's tifchold:: but man seems to ihaveu tilmen it into his own hands and let it oat oii chief to tihe dovil. Satan again in his turn subilats to all sorts of mnastr-passionn, which lie thinks will pay, and it brings the propm ty into his own hands. at Ilst. Ono of thei most terrible inllnential of theso-and' the one who is geineurally the hi ghost; bidder-is tlhe Spirit fliend. Listen. to the following extract from the ''Newcastle Chronicle":: \--'in --- Street, North Shields, the passenger may observe a neat-looking Ihouse, before whose green lattice blinds is pliceal a nicely-Iwritten paper bearing the words, 'Lodgings to Let.' In this house besides a certuin,EdwardTurnbull,. and in thlishouse this following domestic scene was onacted:--On Friday night,, betweeoon ten and eloeven oclock,. a police man wase proceeding along the foot of 3eacon-Street, when his attention was iattracted by thle cries of ".Murder." Ho riu in the. direction of the cries,, and on entering the dwelling of the prisoner, he found prisoner in le house drunk, ands his wife shielding a dying child shel had in her arms from, Ihis fury.. He was attempting to get hold of thie babo, but the appearance of the policemen prevented himi from doing so. The blackguard being disappointed in Ihis atrocious attempt to destroy his child, made an att:ack upoln thie poleiconmany but was over powered, and with thie help of some civilians, was dragged' to the police station. 'IThe little child had been in a dying state all day, and at night the follow lhad come rolling. into the house quite drunkl. ' What,' lhe said to his aTlrihted wife, 'is it not dead yet'? 'Th'e I'll throw it out of the window; and he hal1 assaulted his wife in the struggle shi made to save her child uand struck at Ihis brother, who came to her assistance. He would have carried out his fiondish purpose,. itn all probability, ihad not his wife's cries and his brotlher's lshouts attracted the policeman. 'Clie poor child died on Satiurday mlorninis; and thie follow was romnmilel to give ihe *clentu Ils 'std of Ia l last .li"l' tis is about thme he~arl of 11 hast hike this is .iunos? a coniradiiction ill turnls. ill whoover imihlitt bt til, tullitt of hii fil' I. tllor-front there cai bHe little lout I was thp trinant of hlis breast. I L.mI't 'trust, myself os, spenlk aItljc it-I illare ;9pt let thu fancy dwlell upon thEu liUr1i (l tlio-dying oliild, iuld the pale fndu of tlu* .Ippenalinig mIotlihr. 8,ieo words of lhnor mighlt escape iny lip. which, whileu flh I. miiglht commlenudl tlie afrtr-jgln?el,,,, min~i~ condoen ; anol so 1, will lesae dli. naked fact (for IFct it is), to tell ik tale upon, the vonmcinWa of the intemperate mau. It ic ouly. one suph fact out of ten. thousand. ]ut what-O! what can I- tho. charm of al appotito that tllll deadens, witlors, stranglcs every swCivt, ondearing, natural alfuctionl of thoe heart ; that lifts.,a husband' r m'rdering hands against a wilb,,and steels his sympath!ies against the helpless baby hood of. his child, O yo who have let the lodgings of your hearts. to tha demon Drinkl - all that is sacred in tho ties of blood anli kindred-by the bursting heart- of 1je you old to the alter of our, common God und sworo in his great name to,cherish and dofeod-by tile auto appeal of.tlu:t trembling daughter's, oyo, and. by the outstrotchod arms aud:fajlini cry of that nakcd and uncradlod child-dash, down til, clp that drugs your ymnpathies and drowns your souls-oxpol , the riotous monstor who has sot up. hls.i arnival within your hoart-doposo his vile Pllates, aund ilunolato his. hoieohol( '. --. .. rU, grimy andb?o?at torod altars, and purge th, temple from his loathsome prcesence l ome?_ , r "llilt iuse is , bettr th? a a bad Stoll"it'." Yt' avill not llave aleupty houso long. There iso r anothlor . . didat ready to toake tIit lodgings tl ,1 a d a good tenant is bettor r hain, o empty ',oso," yo adll better lift tue latch, ad 'lot ill lls bOtter, PUier, sweeter, spir-it, swho is knolking for "admissiou. now. lioil foot is ,aOrealy o il th itflloe ld lIt;Ill tho f ullm.4 of revelry are berno away, A h):l1v, vheaf'ltlil ntllaosphere provails. 'hIlis t4 irit dbes not keep yoU, til)plinrg till id,,h lt o outhinr e bt ; .wit doeant rob y'ou of' your health, your 'eaoltth, your lapplluss : but it tolls. you .at an, early hour that it is time oyour "childoll wOro ill lIe, atd it btilgl, tile bible frotr tille helf anl lys it on the table, and it prompts the prayer aPd tules tte hyman of praite. At early twilihlt it taps1 your chamber door and wakes you fronnt 'ofrosllin, seleep, and cheers you withl tile p x au d to PIrold stile of a hlovirig wife arnd gidde101 allyour- heart wvi.h, tile psttle of merry Inomlig ch.iltlren, Agaip., it iltrell s Ilhn o en hook bofore youl,_ and' el'ots t leu Itlndsltltl alter--availn it sOutIds the key-noto of the hyn1n, ant breathes tile spIirit of tll, prayer; it loadis tile tblo rith, its comnfortablo store, diti havitiig brought yo'0ur loved ones rotuitl your clir, alid rn o-isd tiuir warm, toiostlips upon your bheooi as titey slotl, good'sys1-it letaile you hitpy and con. tented to ytuur dily toil. V .....? ,, !th chimes fraiieaiii i un abt, l lllnms tre Ihi", it )bids you hearleet tVie Hnlililuoilstrd your *oiCe is rer 1\. jotiig ttite nuith of t ileo i iettictuarv-you.. r cars are greeted with tie rpl'itit~On Of thllt faitbful saying that Christ died for sinnors and yot feool that life or doathl liio are happ'iness for yot sinoo "'none can separato yoti fromr love of Christ" 5Y rid, be per. suado? to lot 6ihrist into your ItoantR now, nti l H wll admit yoeu to tile mansion of His IIoanvon, when all earthly homesteads .bat ofa.i crlmtbled beneath the fervid heat of t re las t fires. Do not 0 do not keep oun making that excujetht you erc too rile to be orth Chis-t'at •, u eworth Christ's noticu.. Yuu kuow thatin your hart o h-art.you dto not mean what you sat It is only one of the devil's ways i WUagill aid stifling con.mcifnce. Tl ieie' ia lan yofidr wo ianl , ys Ii, wlal come to. Cirist li;h; is not w )el nt lch a great iaill'r thilt WClOist wnil .l ot r'eeiy I him, If I r.,ily hI,.d ,uiy di,,, to coile, wolidl lnot ilI?ult Ili SIYiir tll, Looak into hi.- hIrt. It is oceu.pil. by some. grilm-lookilln spirit whol i jist now Lold. ilig a sort of leuVC or0 revel witI, '. IoVl, ot ,or spirits iore wiked than himseolf Thiey all look as if' tlie. had no right ,tliter--us if tley Ia,' ul urped gome on-o else's plaelo, And so i vould appear they lile., R~r; look at thntl delad: fiur yonder,, poisoned by the atifliig and ua. wholesonlm air. That is 'the rilitfit lodgen; t litp i, nlt dead,, heo is Oly torpid-narcotisod by hel postilent fures of tho domanioii broath. '-lhi. s co soionce--sl (lppini blt nt d notba--wounda( but not Blail-cast down, but not des. troyud, .If COllhstenoo only would bo u\wkoenod, thlle. XusO.wouldi ot be licari -" Ohrist will not save me. ? N." rn dare say that i conscinLnue only wert, awake. Still, donot fancy tlat he llcepi the sluop of death. io I: conscience never. dies. llciemnber that, sinner. Con. soionco.n my be stifled, but. it cannot die And ity.ou will persist in, lulling it to sloop, and siiothlriinl its warningl voice, you,w.ill flud thu day will come v-hon it *w,ill refuse o 0o aplpeisaed - wlhen C il.... unaice Oit Ita letlrgy (nd confront you witjh a scowl - ant in, the darkness of thiit &dWeary; region on thlefurther shores of the cold river of death, this.self-saum conscience, so long yourgentle guardian, your, k~nd attentive, friend ant mentor, shall rison like a. grim, and flaccldt pliln.nix out of tl;o charred ashes of your ,niver.dyiug soul as it quiv~rs In the quench lcsi flame, to laugh and shake his sides as he. louks upon your nngulsh,-to hold the. tantalising oup of, water up beforp.your eyes, letting you coe. the liquid sparkle of itl purity, but never touching Jh with your tlirsty lips. Odlo notstiflpconsoince, whe, it tolls you thatChrist is willing, to recelve. you. Stop not your earsa:\rhn,itchaountsthe overtures ol redeeming love, and tells you. there is room in heaven for tho vilest of transgressonr. For there, is room indeed Np,matter what your ailiaenh there is balm in Gilead ;-no mattor how your leprosy maY rage, there is a P.hysacian there. Let no mn give himself up for lost, 'lhore. 1 no such .thing in this world as a lost man. The harvest is not yet, passed, the summer Is not ended yet, and you may still be sayed, lha brother of the great GeorgQ.,hltfleld, is said tphavo paid a visit the day before his death to the Countess of Huntingdon i;ohd in, answer to some entreaty, of her lady.ahlp thab he would try to engago. his mind with the great subject of the cross, he said--" If is no, use my thinking of these things now: it I ;too late; mule las a hopeless case; I.a a lost manl," " Iamg ad to boar it, ir, replied1 the Countess. " am glad at heart to hear that you are 4,loit man l"".What can, yor. ladyship means,? Glad to hoar, that, I am.a lost man I" "-Because Jeas. Chribt 'cape to sock and to save the lost." " Thank.God for, that word," he said : and as he was lifted into, his carriage to go home, his lips were moving. to theso gladsome words, " Christ, came to seek.c.np to save the lost," Hio died neat day,. bu no longer exolaiming that he was a, lost man,; but murmuring, as his liberated. spirit, took its flight, " This thy son,was dead, but is, aliyo again i was lost, but is found, 0 yes-beliovo it- myj follow.sinner,; "Christ' is able.tpavo tpAthe uttermhost all who come. unto Godi by, him," "In his father's.house are luany irmnsiolls." There is un end of roomn., An d; hliii that comcth shall in noi wis e be cstiolt." Will you not tien yield; up) pos?essoionl of your licarts to hil.who1 now tlands ait tihe d,,r and knocks?. Will you not lin I a, Ih,,oiv for Ilin:, who haid r:yt wheiro. (, |r. i il heal, l. s there l io ci rn r in hit lilpi t of V tir llll ii , iil, Irt o i Jh ijt, -t i, bit ' ( 'il Te U ht d" It ll"lgl ? Ille (11i 1t1IT Ii rt, .. ll.lic.. 41.c-. -. . ;Vlll cc illcc·t c cii, cl is t1 ~ it t c cc, ? i? ti , i . 'i i t " c iL' , ( ro tl' whis l i t ltl lll ! /lhlc of *c b lc e i l d f bi h iii ",ckcsI l 5lt ic 11 ic, C h'll c I lIlc ic 1 i.,iil t , t\ su,eii fNrbut ? I. t urey, i ,t i1ro c l. tha Witvil aI, .'£ t '8 *hllrlipter lf? a lo'oig ks clrilo ;tilcl w tir 1 coocc,:c cia ll i'cc O i s lldisrt lt cccl ic YY clogdjc' thIck Us 05 liqs ci rinu, h'cci licfoionr thre oh oy coril of ?1. thrliov S1:1cg in ts an iliro lg cage a, iterlio ctchccucrccct of irgit. lub y lalonola cd sicrciticte eele c0lcc Cikalo vccr IcOliftW. lcccgn., IIc tilc 6kyc...o s hej vecclhy ekiolet wiri?g4t-e--tc"-et o. Oti bnukpu liw. 'fi t'-uc thict. %yo re told of sic, accd of it cdismol, 'Tis true ilcp oaathon-,5 leprosy of giultis. wic.ih there is not a ul i ccc re. 'i that You 'still hang bac, "(Come let U1 reso tocther, a the Lord-though, yoUr san, be as ocarlnt, they shli be ua whit as so; an though they ht red ibut cacr oli./of e 4YatoID for you i n you wl only lay, hld: on the Gospel? Don't ruk nothing to go, but take it while Christ is offering it, Y, Ir.. horml ian Heaven is prepared,--yoksavesonly to te it T tle ed.c rare. o ilto nry it, the tilh teds.. arc e t l o gledli for you in tho place Ah rs"f a faviour's blood. Thu groat Voreronno v,.por for you"by that t'ruth a' n ,. wiselo Hfmself is the way,. the trutaco s thqIe alj The' hernoltes mil who wanders irn, ani, lrknoen city, hungrl andt destitute, sees'#f Issdlgirs to Let," and Mtll orts olf invit"tion b ltanil a him in the face to naail hosseif of thi.e. lrforts thait re 'within, ouit ino thle wthor t rces; pilorimns dto tu i r the puoas o tneedyo iilgrill th e r n uro daro to aoter thmela, on' nhe cannot, afford itl there is sosetirsln tgo p y-lnido red anl ldg hofot'Gh9 szelterci his follow.m~l l ut, it i1 no1t;so.witgh (God," tis ways arI nt our wvays, nyc 1lis thoughtsi our thought,,"'-and so Hoi comes to'the nakrl with the gorneat of Chlist'aritiOusy less andr the msnsa of His-, own,, , beneflcencr, and clothes 'yii shivering,limbs in scarlcess and uatnaralhid robes. He comes to the hunagr, and ths fainting wfetoh, whoso , tongue feileth him for tirslt," nd bids. himl" by wrine sand milk withoub moin ey anni without price ;" recomes to the. halot anrd lamoe as he toils. along the road, randloffers him a ' rod and a. stal to conifort im.;--and lie comes to thea 1oln tcles. and the outcast, and calls dhi to a 1hoe of giorv, wlcro the wicuked ccas fromn.trorbling and tile weari are at rest; oie poienti hia 'to the pearly poortnru of the city', and ti he jaspar foors ;. :l shows hire othe l?ny mansiors"reoaring their shining bott'lemnontsamnidst tihe fadelces verdure of fraglant folia,,o of the trees of, er?r.lasting life;: and le'iooks down,inito. the ' horritle Mrultituelo are revelling,. ant arrying them-. selves, for fi s that is, not quinchdtt aond cries "l'nr yc tam, ry, why will yo die," o Lok Int on.me ad bo.ye saved all the ends of te earth,' for among:those mRnions there is. rosm for all ;: theroieri.a home fob the drun'. anll--a homo for the blasphemer a home or thhe llhertine-- a homu for antlnornian,-&. romE for, ie poor-a homoe forthe mruierable, the blind, tihe naked. Coure then, yo weary end ye heavy laden, while ynou may, anditake tile offered Inheritance 'It is well worth-, Four acceptancc, for it h " iecorruptibli, rndcfllcd, ant it fadeth not avway," Iti Freely at your disposal, for hire that co.Ilb _l in no wise cast out!" Oh, ye rd03palring: Yo guilty and vile I &to; the kind Saviour / Look on yo ellid smile nvitem)'o l to cao / Ad Sltlll hI M.?Uels / 555I , 0.@ 