A HOLIDAY AMONG THE GIPPS LAHD FORESTS. reiw.Rr.i It is a 'question more easily asked than answered, where is the best place in which to spend a Bummer holiday. This question I solved for myself this year by determining-, among other places, to spend a few days in the grand solitudes of the forests of Gippsland in Victoria. We in South Australia have no such forests to boast of. We have many square miles of scrub and unlimited desert; we have some wooded bills which afford us a plentiful sunply of firewood ; but we have no forests such as are to be found on the flanks of the dividing range between Victoria and New South Wales. I write this in a pretty little house in the heart of the timbered slopes, over which the railway to Sale from Melbourne passes. The only approach to this place is by a track, which by a curious courtesy is called a road, along which no vehicle except a bullock-dray dare travel. The very materials of which this house is built have been carried hither on the backs of horses. Though a bush house, the kitchen chimney is built of bricks, every one of which has cost the owner half a crown before it could do its humble part in adding to the comfort of the dwelling. The iron tanks which catch the rainwater for domestic use were transported hither on pack saddles and chaffbags. The butter which is sent from this place to the Melbourne market every Monday morning has to be packed in tiers in boxes which are carefully stowed on the back of a huge and trusty old mare, who makes thus a periodical visit to the station, seven miles off. We, of course, had to come hither by the same mode of conveyance. Whoever comes to this region, either for business or pleasure, must bid farewell to luxurious bug gies, and be prepared to find the saddle the only available vehicle. This is indeed a land of forests. This pro perty, which bears the name of Narracan Park, was, a few years ago, a dense mass of trees and undergrowth. Now, a few acres have been cleared and planted with fruit trees and garden, vegetables, a few more have been sown with grass, and are now rich grazing paddocks; and a great number more are in the intermediate stages of the process of reclamation. All around the property is a fringe of giant ghosts ? — that is, of trees which have been rung, and whose decay and fall is only a question of time. These dead trees look very weird and unpic turesque in their present condition, but they attract attention and even admiration by their enormous size. They average about 200 feet in height, and are of proportionate size. I have measured three or four of these fallen monsters and found one 170 feet long, another 250 feet, and one 310 feet. When my readers call to mind that the post-office tower is not as high as the shortest of these great gums, they may have some idea of the difficulties attendant upon a settler's attempts to make a home for himself in this wild country. These enormous skeletons stand so close together that there are about fifty of them to the acre, and in some places they are thicker. I got inside one yesterday that has been hollowed out by the combined influences of decay and fire, and found that at 6 feet from the ground the cavity was about 20 feet in circumference. Another, which has fallen, forms a cavern in which the cattle are wont to take refuge from the storms. To clear thoroughly country of this sort costs nearly £100 per acre, but the -usual or more economical plan is to let nature and time do most of the work. The process seems to be first to slash away at the tangled undergrowth. ? When that is dry enough it is fired to get it out of the way. The great trees are then rung and left to decay. ]3onfires are made of them as they fall. There is little or no grass here, for the simple reason that the grass has no chance in these dense forests, and so as soon as the trees are dead grass and clover are sown and then cattle are turned out to feed. The land is of splendid quality when once it is to be got at. Only a very rich soil could produce such a mass of vegetation as covers these ranges, but to rescue a patch of ground for a hoinjsiead out of this ' boundless con tiguity of^ffiade' requires time and patience and capital, and involves an amount of hardship to which our lightly- timbered colony presents no parallel. . The owner of this fine property is now reaping the reward -of his perseverance. There is now a nice cottage home here with its flower garden and fruit garden. A herd of thirty milch cows come up ? every morning and evening to be milked; other cattle are being fattened for the market, fowls, ducks, pigs, and the other etceteras of a farm are in abundance. Two or three pad docks of potatoes show what the land can be made to produce. This, however, is not- a : South Australian farm. It has no wheatfields, - no strippers and binders, and is independent - of the fluctuations of the grain market. _ In one respect, under its present tenants, it is a model establishment. The whole family, con sisting of a numerous household of varying- - ages, are all co-workers. Every day has its duties, and every member of the family has a share in the labor of the farm. To get here we took our places in the Gipps land railway for the Trafalgar station. __ Arriv ing there one morning we fonndawailmg n»«-to guide and a couple 'of horses,' and we were -8{ soon on our way along the road that leads off ? frem the station in a southerly direction. The road is dreadful. There was a heavy thunder storm the day before, and our progress lay through oceans of mud. The bullock-drays have ploughed up the track to such an extent that it was no uncommon thing for our horses to sink up to their knees in the mud. On such a road progress was slow and uncertain, and not always safe. But there was a rich com pensation in the novelty of travelling mile after mile through such magnificent forest country. The undergrowth is a marvel of richness. Every Rlen is crowded with tree ferns and other ; unusual forms of vegetation. The trees are not spieading like the trees of our hills, but run up straight, without a branch, for at least a hundred feet. They have not large heads ; in fact, they are so close together that there is . no room for them to spread, but their united crowns make a canopy overhead, through which but few rays of sunlight can penetrate. The forest looks like a leafy roof supported by innumerable pillars. This would ~ have » desolate aspect if it were not^for the undergrowth This covers the country to the height of about 20 feet, and is rich in the ex treme. It is usually so dense that it is im possible to get through it except with the aid of a 'slasher.' The country is of no use to the squatter, for cattle cannot get through it, and if ever a luckless stockrider had to round] up his herd in such a tangle he would soon give up the attempt. It was left to the care of nature till the miner and the settler determined to conquer it. There are no mines here abouts, but the settlers have taken up all the country between this and the railway, and then? presence and their pro gress was indicated to us by our coming every now and again upon a few acres of ugly skeletons of trees standing mournfully to gether shoulder to shoulder, the . ruined landmarks of the battle between man and his surroundings. About two miles from the station we came to the foot of a steep hill, up which the track ran for three miles. From the summit of the ridge which we reached we had a grand peep through the trees of the ranges of Gippsland. The Mount Lofty range is less than half the height of those mountain masses, which in winter are covered with snow, and over which the track has to be indicated by snowposts. It used to be deemed impossible to traverse them, but now it is one of the things — which an ambitious tourist, who is tired of Queenscliff and Sorrento, likes, to ' do' — to cross from the southern side of these ? mountains to Bright on the north. On the hill side our progress was barred by a bullock-dray, which was hopelessly bogged and jammed by a fallen tree. We had to dismount while we led our horses off the track and over thelogs till we got round the obstacle. We left the driver . cutting their way out of their difficulty with their axes and saws. Two other teams were behind them, so that there was likely to be a great scene of confusion before they all got clear. I wonder what would have been our sensations if we had tried to get over this road in a buggy. Even if we had got thus far we should have had to take the buggy to pieces if we wished either to go forward or to git back. I do not thinkthat our rate of progress was ~ more than three miles an hour, for lttook us - more than two hours to reach our destination. This is the largest and best clearing in the neighborhood. Its owner has spent £9,000 on the property in removing the forest, building his homestead, erecting bridges, and putting up fencing. Fencing is not so difficult or expensive a process here as in SouthAustralia. This timber splits easily, and makes good posts ? and rails, and as to the outside 'ring of a. a property no better fence can be had than the dense fringe of unconquered undergrowth. No cattle will stray far into if*, for even a bullock finds himself no match for a supple-jack. We met with a true bush welcome on arrival at the homestead* and soon felt quite at home in this nest in the wilderness. The afternoon was wet, so we had to postpone all our explorations till the next day. We then ajjain took to our horses, and rode down to a little village called Thorn dale. It lies embosomed in the midst of the forest, down at the bottom of a valley. The village consists of about six cottages, a public house, and a school. The timber has only been cleared enough to prevent mischief in case one of these giants should tumble over. The fern trees have been left, and the place looks alto gether very picturesque in its intense seclusion. 1 never saw such wealth ot tropical verdure as that which we came upon at one part of the road where we crossed the creek called Easter Brook. The ferns were there in thousands, mingled with other trees around which twined festoons of creepers, some of which were laden with blossoms. Seme ot these ferns are 20, 30, or even 40 feet high, some have double, and even triple heads. I saw one instance in which a fern tree had fallen and had formed an arch, and from this arch sprang three new crowns of fronda. la tlie ai temoon \ of that day we visited another «f tiieaa fern - glades on foot. 12ie aspect M such a place is quite different token seen from within to what it is when viewed from without. The feras make a .netted roof work of green. The fronds of one 'interlace with the frauds of another. 55ny. forms of . fern cling to ! the sterna of the large ones. Rich mosses carpet -«very. fallen, tatnk. 'Wiiite feathery creepers hang -{ram the boughs of the trees. The dialler tree ferns shoot like ] palms from this glorious rendezvous of 'beauty. . As I sat test-evening in quiet in such a 1-p\rer, ' I touM have fosgiven -myself if my imagination bad faseked me by BhowLng me fairies and elves_ and all .unihougfat-Gf forms of poetic loneliness frisking, in and iout among the tangle. The only fairies of the present day : are i3ie lyre birds, 'which are said to abound in these glades, but the shy creatures did not ] no* manifest -then: presence. I was struck by the absence xtf jirimffl life ia these copses. A '. £ ess- gay little birds ivihich the settlers call fan tails were the . only ones which I saw, but ; overhead in Hie in\iBible tops of the trees , some jays were screaming1 and the laughing jackasses were chattering. These glades are j frequently invaded by bush fires, which rage 1 with terrible fury in this part of the country, but they soon reoovec The soil is so ricii . and so damp that a single season will obliterate the ravages of the most desolating fire. The i tree ferns eeem none the Torse for bning burnt. ; From the jnost charred trunks which nave ever -j fallen down X again and again eaw a fresh j crown of fronds sprouting forth. I was n carious to speculate on the age of these - denizens of the glens. The great gum trees , were too much decayed ia the middle -when I ' examined .any specimen that had fallen for me to count the rings, but I was more successful vrith the tree ferns. Thpse cput on a fresh i crown every year, and the roots or stumps of the old fronds jremainon the stem.audadd to its -height, I measured iaie interval between : these successive additions and found it some times one inch and sometimes as much as two inches. .Some of the tree ferns were 40 -feet high, which would laake their rto be nearly 300 years. Ivever did regret as I have done during the past few days my very slender acquaintance with the ecienee of botany that Ianight hare earned aaray -ni£h me a snore accurate and detailed recollection of these Australian .para dices. Nothing that I have ever sees in .the palm groves of rthe tropics .can surpass them in beauty, and no trees in the world surpass them in size and dignity. There is an idea that America can .boast of the tallest trees, and that the groves of pines which are to be found in California on the track to the Ybseniite Valley contain the loftiest trees that have yet been discovered. This is a mistake. Those trees axe not much above 300 feel: high, but .there are eome among these mountains which ase no less than 470feet high. Mr. Trol lope iuhis book mentions one ?which recently * fell, and in jailing broke its crown, but : the t»art thai lay taostrate measured 430 feet. i The scientific name of the species of pum tree is -Eucalyptus amygdalina. .Me E. B. fieyne measured one in Hoe Dandenong Ranges, and ' obtained *he following results :— .Length of stem from the basetoihe first branch, 295 feet ; diameter of stem at the iirst branch, 4 feet; length of stem to where its top j»rfcion was broken -off, 70 feet. At that point it- was still S ifeet in. diameter, so that iimust nave been originally much higher. This tree at 3 feet from .the base had a girth of 41 feet. Mr. G. W, Hobinson .measured one near Boredck and found it to -be 81 feet in circumference at 4 feet from the ground. -Narracan Park, which is ? situated on the lower ranges between cue rail way andrthe -coast, does not .contain such huge monsters as these, imt same of those wiiick I saw At Easter Brook must have been nearly as large. Afiinight be expected the very large specimens of ±his species ol-euealyptos ace to be ? found ia the gallies and not oa;the slopes of the aneuntains. lisas told that this peculiar : gum tree will 4-nly .grow at a certain elevation ; above^ie sea, aaidsequiresacoolfir climate aad more moisture -j-»«' Jibe ordinary gams s& Aus tralia, .and that ^iBy grow to the greatest per fection at about 2,500 feet above the costsb. The timber is not as -Raluabls as some other - sorts which are Jess ambitious in their aspect, so that It .would.be of little .use, ewn if it were ; practicable, .to attempt to acclimatise the Eucalyptus .amjsgdalina in our bills, but the same remark.doeE not apply to the tree ferns. ; These lovely and archaic forms of vegetation woulditiirivie well in- nirgullifisxiad.are,.as we all know, easily taanspfiiited. They exist in millions in 4he Gippsland valleys, audihere is no fear of eiia-usting-. the supply. Gippsland is a laxge district, and in every partis well !Bnrfch visiting. Its lakes on the sea- board Jiavealready .become a favorite Eesort for : pleasure seekers, hat they are so similar to our Biurraj- lakes ihEy have not the t^™-™ of ' novdty to South Australians. Its mountains are, howeFea^ of vast extent, and ace full of - objects of interest. They, may.be entered from tae-6outh from&e; Gippslaad railivay, or from the north from the neigh.borb.ood of Bright, or lay the favorite gateway of Fem shaw aimI iHie 'Ria^r . £par. A bridle tcacic rues across from north ia south, which in , summer opens up SDme gra&d; and romantic :. country, but in winter is -impassable, except for the most ibaxdy sKmntaineets. K?noei%r is tempted .to spaadiiUiQliaay in these regions Biust put ob oae ade all tie conventionalities of city life and be jjneiJauedtoroug-h.it. He jnuat jtot expect sumptuous hoteli, or luxu liousibuggieg, or panctoal coaches. Ms must . bej«epaiBd.to -do.'iHB*rav«13ings oniootoroa horseback, -and to takesnch accommodation as inayitnrnjip. Oaesmstmot take it amiss if, be is caurf^ fin a stonn ;and gets di-eorfifid with rais.^ihe ainstitake what comes. artdiwske the best of it and be determined toaijoy.fcimself trhatever jjappens. Whoever will^esplore the , Anstraliaii:Alps in sack a spirit, as this meed . not iestc jdiaa^jpointBient if its determiues.to spend ihis aigst . itoSAay samd the jEezn glades '. aud-mouutains of ^Gif^eland. : 