MR. COULDBRY AND THE STOCK EXCHANGE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ' GYMPIE TIMES.' Sir,— In your issue of the 23rd instant there appeared a let'tor from Mr. W. H. Oouldery, in reference to tho reports of finds in the Ellen HarkinB mine, the contentions in whioh were so completely annihilated by your foot-note that there seomed to bo no necessity for further com ment, nor would I agr.in rofer to that letter except as a preliminary to replying to ono from the same pen in your, issue of the 27th instant. Had it not been for tho second equally rash anaiu-oonsiuerea pnou oation, doubtless people would have beon content to put a charitable construction on the rJrst, and to attribute its uttor miscon ception of the whole subject to the writer's irritation ot a slur bning oast on his Board for an omission on their part, and for whioh individually the writer waB not re ponsible. A director, with Mr. Oouldery's experi ence, must surely have lost his balonce when he defines the Director*1 duty Bimply to be to work the mine and not the market, and there dismisses the subject. Is his range of vision so very hmiteid that ho has not yet realised tho very great trust that ia reposed in the directors -of an incorporated oompany, and that the worting of the mina is merely auxiliary to the general trust they have accepted, to oonduct the business of tho company ns a whole, so ns to give shareholders tho greatest possible advantagws consistent with the trusts re posed in them, and with honesty in all thflir dealings to attain tho objeols for wl;ioh they were incorporated. Now, ono of those trusts, and paramount amongst thorn, is admittedly not, as Mr. Coul dery so flippantly puts it, to work ihb market, but it certainly ia their (the directors') duty in every reapect to prevent the market being worked to the disudvantagvi of 'he innocont, and the oggrandisement of the crafty. Every conceivable mitana should be adopted to avoid such, a mib'fortune, even though it be through, the medi urn of what Mr. Couldery is pleased to call a tneknoholy ghost, but which, ghostly us it may nppear to the jaundisod eye of the reoaloitrant few, has its boards'always open tc-v its 153 members nti/1 tVm nrnsH t.hrnntrh wll.Om it mUSt filter and oome to the cognifianoo of any ordin arily prudent shareholder or contemplating investor. As n proof that Mr. Oouldory himself at ono timereoognised theSxchango as a good means of circulation, I am oredib'.y informed that tho Ellen Harkins Board unanimoimly papaod a resolution (at & meeting at which Mr. Oouldery -was pre sent) instructing tho manager to report all orushings, dividends, and now finds, to the Exchange. Tho shareholder in the faoa of this havo always looked to tho Exchange for information, and on , what grounds has faith been broken with them by the existing Bo -rd, unless that r ?solu- tion, has been rescinded ? if not, why was it not oarried out? I hold Mr. Couldery in too crest estimation to entertain for a moment that ho would deifend so flagrant a breach of faith had not tho faois escaped hia memory. But even granting that tho information was withhold from the Ex change for sound reasons, and without any intention of concealment, why is ii that no notification of any find of specimens was given at tho public offioo of tho company on the morning of tho 18 th 1 Mr..Cou!dery abBOrta ho had a note of it in his diary on the 17th, but what satisfaction was that to moandothera, forasfaraswewQi'oconcemed, ho kopt it there 1 I havo no doubt Mr. Oouldory was under tho impression that oflioial report had been given at the office, but boforo reoklcssly rushing into print it would havo boen wiaor to havo inquired in tho interests of those shareholders who felt aggrieved. What wero thoaotual facts? Had he naed this Drenaution he would never have committed himself to tho ex pression that it ' narrowod itself down to tho fact of no notioe being posted in tho Exchange.' Aa to tho newspaper corres poudeuta' roports, relied upon aa an oaeapo, it will be observed on roferunae to them that an improvement and smnll patohos aro reported, but no estimated osss of speoimons given, which goos to show that thoir infor mation was vory vngue j and tho OouhikK correspondent dates hia notos tho 19th, whon the oat was out of tho bag. I do not wish it to bo understood that I allege that information was intentionally ivi'.hholdjforl do not, but I writo in tho interest of share holders in this and othor companies to prove that tho best n?oanB of circulation wbd notadopted,and that although shareholders .. «-i *V('m /'I i-tii Irlnitrr (launrla /trtliiri KcixTQ llu/l overy information had they gone to tho mine and asked it, suoh ia not suflioiunt, and the Direotora in all companies to oon Boionliously carry out thoir trusie, should loave no stono unturned to havo the infor mation convoyed to thoir shareholders through all reasonable channels. My apology for ocoupying bo much of your space ovor this matter, ia its impor tance to us in a community whoro wo aro all miners in Bomo shapo jjr (mm. If i' only has the ofioot of ma! 1e~^ pooplo rofluot on what avo the moraUh^onBiblitioa of dicectora GQfflQ bQitafit v/r f 'mw4 hi) .' av :' ? ;XlvJ-r- vJouuiL.^,1 aarcistio allusion tpt^piSxohango.lwiFv^aybiitHttlo, for, nl though holding him individually ingro.it re spect, I do not think his uttoranooa of bo muoh weight an toovor seriously damagothat Institution. It will continue, I have no aoubt, to flourish notwithstanding, and to oarry out tho objeota for whioh it was mainly established, viz., to logulnte prices oven though no actual Bales tako place. This it does do, no ho would observe if ho attended a littlo of toner to those ghostly calls. It is a woll recognised faot that no snlea take plno9 now until after the calls aro over and tho quotations known. If we could all afford to oarry on with out the necoBBity of buying nnd soi ling, no doubt we would placo as little value on the Exchange as ho does. Let us live in hope that some day we may bo in that position, but mennwhilo lot us live. I regrot Mr. Ooujdory lowered his dignity so muoh as to write in the jooular strain he did upon matters bo serious, and upon tho fate of an Institution whoae misfortunes ho should deplore not ridiculo. It was unbecoming, and although his jocosity may havo raised a ghostly or uhaBtly smile hero and thoro, that smile will nover sur vive in tho face of sound common bodbb and legitimate reasoning. Yours &o.;, ONE INTERESTED. 