.TBE BENEVOLENT, vi&fttefl; x meet,Be to commute ifl Benevolent Asylum was hltV nesdaj-; Mr. J.M. Smith in the bhilr.H also present, Messrs. A. Zevenbuoia Ths WMoan'a nnronx. Ins tneaital dHlcop s-E-OMShsassM to the inmates i.Kr'i hoBM tho 24Ui ' ami Wayf,WDnIdwB tho 6th hVoaD 1 helm- rece-ivJd tot Hfe M iorihed by tho collector that Mrii HuhtouSB boeu interesting herself in ptoJSI to raeV in oash' ia of Mra Bern t nbt Piously tiiatohat Bipertotoudeiitj Uolfitifl donoradS? ? :ind ohould be tenttB mittco of the nenuvolMitvlnfi111136?! S tor the luxation either lu.uicy or Itotd."' fcsasifCteteil r <» M«,rz Co. for tUoinumUfll subscription, >lr. kr o the firm) stated it was the third inaimi from tho Institution, tuid tbnt hocmKH bo;l» monoy and good, liocavo tliii year, but oitld ho would luive to roton rtl ''f.'" lf h« h« lo K're In k nt ut -roll, ns far ai I knew noono litttl imthoriirtoeellLtt'efl pooila (or I he ai.vlum 'nicest mrtetf £1 U lie coulil tell me who hhObetn there, rothall report to tho miperintenilent nnd socrctam ' mo uno lady, bm it tippciirs that lady lui &S; habit of iretthig somcthinij from thert fotyuhM lion ioto d umllint ilr.t. Hubbard had vrit£iSI f tllc Uu'ltolWil. ' I thniiUd ttalfl hiforinniion, and told hhu I would tcport trotyl ,!,l5Ped> J- "prams. SScte'® ar v l expressed expressed AiirpHsi Mr. Zevenboom sbonld not have bSl matter before the committee a few wXfl but should have loft it until almost ihtfl Christmas. Mr. Cemk explained that the (nhttottu fl come to tho knowledge of the commlttnH day. After what recently transpired hl nsyium, tbo committee never dreditdfl Mrs. Hubbard would lmvo had thA tffroothfl oanraaafurther on behalf of the instith&S; Tiio Chairman urged the committee careful in what thoy were about to da auy reflections upon Mrs. Hubbard miriiM to cbeok too efforts of other ladies wfctH been working zealously aud well for titetH tutioiu The motion wae then carried AniniiiBtlNH A cottmtxt. " :S An mmato namqd llebecca Livtogstmejl bad lodged a complnint against one tiH nurses, was called into the room to iitiie H grievance. Her gestures wore violent l&fl; extreme, aud her lffltguago to the mcmbtnH tbo committee, who put -questions to her, A most disrespectful. Tbo complaint vol cl plotely .uhuttelligibio, but tiio trouble have nrison through tho nures having the old woman'B bed into its proper pSca fl committee tvero spellbound and sileaCell tho Volubility and fierceness of the iroia® tonguo, anil thoy saw ht a glance what® rani cause of the trouble lay. Mr. Zovcnboom hinted that if thewotottfl not conduct horself With a littlo mbhrtitdjH snectiira Bha might- be tnrned' Ont oi'tiidH otitution. Tho inmate, making for the door, "I ciifl hohave myself better than I do.'1 fihAifl however, restrained by Mr. ZevenboO&'fl was asked by tlio chairman whether she htfl complain of any ill treatment towards hara tho partof tho attendant in question. 7- v The inniato, with great detrifhlMtiH p-nctog her hands on her hips : "l'dfekA tfl care she did not attempt tout.".: Mr. 0. Smith mbvea thai thd woman t«l peiiwi from tbe inslitut.ioh that day month.' Sir. Garton said that so mescaline ifl vigorous a woman had no right to be la® institution. She was quito strong onooghro stand nt a wosbtub and do a day's nasMnA.1 Mr. JulTray snid it would be a cruelty to a® tbo woman out nt once, as she could note® a living. Ho moved qb an bmcndmeht--e \® Tiist ltebeccs. blrisgstose bo allowed to mrjZ® tlio institntloti on approbation Tor n month hragW, 1® have tho option of -faying longer it she wfil aasitSB to dp Some uhctnl work for tho Institution, if The amendment was enrried uhhnithoitfijl rnoroeED iusmoval op the Ajm.t'u. ® Mr. Zevenboom asked to bo informed to ri® state thA proposal for tbo removal of® Benovelent Asylum Was at the present fids® , Tho Chairman : In efafti yuo. , if® Mr. Zovonboom wished to know wbftlefl was tiCcessaby or not that tho committee ste® wait upon tbe Minister of Lands in refefentAl their recent application for a site of laid. thon moved: — ,H That tlio committee toko Into consldenttm thlfl «!r(U>nity of appointing a denotation to tbekioUri® Ijinds ns to granting a sits lor the prajPuii® benevolent asylum. p ..! The motion was agreed 16., and ll&iiH; mittcelhen adjourned until Thursday taiM proximo. . Amo.xo fbe details oi the recent itmmrifl in itouinolia tho following curions iintttfl figures : — There is an ancient Bulgarian en® which provides that tho dethroning ol til® shall be done by a woman. Acebrainjlff® insurgents on tlib 19th of September, ttn® into Fhiliippopolis, headed fay. a girl bf ask® who rode before tbem, nrmcd with odgi® revolver. They went to the Goveraoi'a® girl walked into tbo residence and swImI Gavril Psshs, telling him that he.wni iitw® by tbo Provincial Government tbo courtyard, Major Pilou addressed tosh® and proclaimed the 'union with Bulgaria,';.® deposed Governor was conducted tohis ciUhl escorted by the girl, who bed a drawn smill her hnnd. She took her scat besifle htoi-M under military guard sho raw himtoriiedwa beyond the Bulgarian frontier.' " yvf l Bt latost reports it is proved that ltoEfl greatly on too increase iu Boris and itseitita but judging from the tone of the nempn there regarding this conntry alone, 1 would "need ud ghost "to 'fctaie :'j tell us tbht," nor "report" hsifiig This, of course, is " spoko uiteriql Seriously, the statistics alluded to alre dM interesting and .well worthy of studye« ore not only surprising,' Bnt sterllmjft ,;X| to 1866 the number of fefliale uric far exceeded that-' df ' mile, titajjl now the men supplr mote tonn oM'lj the entire number. The marritd aau.-riu lunatics are about equal. When we.WCl| inquire into the supposed cause rf thtesWjl ing Wave Of insanity, it is found that .estSml drinking ii the leading One. -Y&'ifi'tpjjl have hitherto pointed to France as less dnatj than England or Scotland. . The molt: MM ant clement in bringing about tho incree 1 the niiw-'jec ot lnnatics is " domestic ttOMtel /-» do not come from " mraqrioAserti " domestic Affliction." '' Therefore, we till conclude that " conjugal infidelity" liine to® the true explanation. The following incident referriAg to fie® Bishop EVaser, of Manchester, is relatedq member of tbo staff bf a Liverpool neptfiM —I wAs onS Sunday morning seat dbftl Btockport' to report a terition of hiS;,,,?! had happened every Sunday fat soitte JPi and I and my. fellow :|ireiitete#l getting tired of the bard ypkM reporting the inexhaustible And rato.® late. I and two or threo other ptesanaM into a train at thb Manchester . LoAadWl station en reuti for Stockport," and TnttJJJ the train Started tho active andlWI bishop jumped into , . onr euaprotej "Good morning, gentlemen/ - h&jgl; shaking hands all renhd, "I am See yuu ont so early breakiiig tho 8AWW» i| suppose yon are going to WOTk?'' "Y«J JJ lordship, we are going down to tepewffl sermon. We have to thank yon tor, MM work every Bub dty, 'Well, bnt the fact is this— when' I see yowM«Hg| in front of me with your notebook sfiaJ and I know it is going into the papers I like or not, I am bound to ray.»mew«¥j I think will be readable. . -It . ye jfej come to the church for .the eertfci you'll promise mc, not to lake y(®roei|ll ID give von for word I Wont my gB| that Will be worth reporting. , It ghJM purely religions rod non-eocul So yon eey ? We reyetted thte «|| prorisorottonptet , . . 