THE NOVEL OF K SEASON. By C. G. Coxptox. B«eoDoreaiibitmo(aii».Mr. Forsyth V Rid Krs. Miller, as the knocked at the door of the mood floor front. Baton, please, Mre. Miller/ replied Arnold Foesyih, mKm at the soood of the familiar toieo. What the time ? 'Eight tvat|-ttia, u near ae near/ replied the landlady, who bad eaoght time- , table style (run her husband—a railway ; guard. 'Beady in a quarter of an boor, Mre, Miller/ Very well, air.' 'It ctrikea no,' thought Forsyth. ' that my eboioe eery coon will ho betoeee bmkfut and dinner, nnteee something tome op. Internal osinⅇ Sebey adfiag the HnJ'am- sJUre Smtiosl end the new prwpgietors work ing toe two papers with one staff. No more , leader-writing for me yet a while. The ferial I — my favourite child, Clam Domarwq " — ; ends in a fortnight, and I haven't been paid np to date ae it is. Three weeks, end my only risible mesne of enppctt will be reviewing for the Saamterer, and their pay ; woot ran to more than a meal a dry. ' Little mote than a year since, I left the ' Vulture Fire and Life against toe adriee of r my only relative, Code Jacob, who, lite toe | cautious Tcrtehiiesnn he is, sticks to his , own motto, " Sow saving's better toon quick losing/ which is dearly a plagiarism and a \ petit prmripH at toe same tone. j He dressed rapidly to the accompaniment | of these and otter thoughts not pertinent to I tbepreicnt bcriaees. 'Brevfe ready, sir/ said Mrs. Miller. hot st ing aboot the door ; ' I've pot a piste over the baoon and a paper over that, so I itll te nice and ot if you're not goirg to be i i i 'Thanks. Sha'ol be a urinate/ shouted I Forsyth, withhold! g an imminent razor, s Msrcifol eviw !' hie continued, mewuliy, I it « the fateful note ! My vow, my hoatb, my swear. If that eutieiog ad's in to day, in »PP7- Thrill be the righto i&sertioa;, and Uut'f not toe Literary Agemsy.ooe gmoeassbearipuort- with-rigbtot receirisg iynoehtwsVjosntal form. He strode aseiodraoaatically into the living-room, seized the paper so the heavy men style, giooaed at the Situations Vacant' autumn, and tank into a chair. This was the advertisement— Lrr CHART BirLorem. — The eerrices of | agenttemna With literary experience required hy advertiser. AH applisnBta most give good references as to shararter, the work being cosfideethl. Apply Gallarii and Bowser. X1H» Gray In eqnsre, 10 to 5 I'm going, resotved Forsyth, removing the protecting plate from toe bacon. ' 111 get my aest at the British on toe way, and, if it's bad bminsse, itH be a walk, anyhow/ Hal! an hoar later, Forsyth, cigarette in month, was trisnteiy walking down Oxford street, copying Che faeenantoua air whists made even tost thcroogbfere endurable. Good hoy, go to toe Ksmm early and tonmsflmttemtoiL' Hollo, Jackson, how are yon? Haven't aeon yao since yon doxxied me with your pqectdt new eonrie— The Ghost, wasn't it? 'Sbto. inexperienced yooth ' answered Ml. Iciff Si«, iilsawmTj . 'Don; give titles in the street. That span is ««3I s-farming. The nqpitdhet is timid ; all toe capitalists X ever cert were tiered, parsaealariy abort new papers. The iwgyeuopiwg nw are toe poor onaa. 'They mate toe joornalietie That ootoreal 'ptoprietor/ miiail Jack et, fin neUy. Fve seen mo e ymi«c pepiei UTinflaif Tit fT»r yiisiiiprlnTnnr theni than arc Okas In the firmament. Never I toast tost. How fcyoo MoeKterawrre ? Bust toan totting, eh? Doing sanohr Forsyth stated hit position the more leaMj na Jacknsn was hw me hripfol "SJwna, ion"! be downhearted. young «««V dam mneh better in ynur first year fesn I did. Nearly ten years' age tost ana. IN drop yon a line or see yen Ottos Mnasnw if /Thafinsat. Hmvy firm act (pain to abort tewlB organ, rm to beta it- Ode! mffrfif fmnirrr. or tie Jfntek Trade \ Record ! Sao if I nan find nam far yam j Good-bye, I'm lata.' The brisk little nan harried off, and Faceytb tensed into BosreH street, roanrea his imrnf enet in toe teadheg-rocm, and Mt off agsm far Gray's ion sqesxe. where he had a long interview with old Mr. Gsllard and yoong Mr.Boweer. After aB, said Mr. GaHsed, flmnmrog op, 'it's a question of refauanres, Mr. Forsyth. Onrdtet trips ialrs for a person who eon be thocooghly trusted. What literary work is to be done we have netteea Irid, reran to bave o varied experience for such a yoong man, and I cannot help saying that vow seem to be asneb superior to the bulk cf the applicants. It la no compliment, sir, he eotithmed, gravely ; Mr. Bowaer will teQ yon toe came ae I do. Sines that advertise ment appeared oar office has been the Mecca of toe strangest body of pilgrims I bave ever seen. Scam were gentlemen, and educated and intelligent, and intemperate only. am were fioeat and argumentative ; a tew were violent and etanderooa. Too may tew noticed an alcoholic odour about this room— our pmtc — it is toe to that advertisement As to the radividoal applicants, k would take volumes to describe them. We began with a wrangler, and ended with a commentator en David, who insisted on oar reading his only work, printed at his own expense and Doboond. That is it.' Mr. Gallard pointed to a targe and £11 packed parcel in brown paper. I understand, then, that I am to send my specimens to yon and wait oosil I hear from yon/ mid Forsyth, rising. ' You'll remember that Mr. Jacob Ellfe, my uncle, ie only a reference for character, not for competence.' Forsyth withdrew and returned to the Museum, not anguine. He made it a rule not to be sanguine sow, and saved himself much worry. Nearly a fortnight afterwards a letter arrived from Messrs. Gaiiard and Bowser, requesting Forsyth to call at an address in Cedes, where he was to ask for Misi Browniow. Number 86 Shepbeard street was one of I the boosts which gave that quiet a A otveare street its peculiar character, peculiar at kast in London. It was not a bit like either of its next door neighbours nor those opposite. Each house in the street seemed to have been built by a different builder, in a different year, on a different plan ; so Shepheard street had the appearance of being a collection of houee samples from which people could pick out the style they liked best. On inquiring for Mits Browclow, Forsyth wss shown into a ground floor room with folding doors. In a few minutes a lady, who held a letter in her hand, came into the roots, bowed formally to Forsyth, and then said : I am Miss Rrowalcw, who you were told to ask for. My lawyers have at last succeeded in getting me some one who can be trusted with the work I want done. But, Mr. Forsyth, before we go any farther you moat folly understand that this buaineM is strictly j confident iai. From the time you saw my lawyers to the time the work is done (sup posing you do it), you are pledged to secrecy. You promise never to mention any work you do for me to any bring soul, and to denj having done it, if necessary.' 'If I accep the work I will observe toe conditions.' if you do not accept it/ replied Miss Browniow, 'yon -are bound in honour to regard everything toat has pawed b&tvtea; cs as sirieriy confidential/ Of aoarae/ tea Browniow rose and went to a large secretaire, which she unlocked, and took from it several solid parcels which Forsyth told at a giaⅇ were manuscripts. Some other glances also told the yoaag novelist, who was of the modem reporting school, more aboot Mm Browniow, Her voice clear and tow, her keen face, w hieh was so near being handsome, a derisive and imperious maimer, and walk at onoe measured and swift, were the materials Forsyth had co lected for cosstruottng his conjectural character of his employer. Mies Browniow removed the MS. to toe table and resumed the conversation. This nuHMript/ toe said, ' is what yen will have to work en. What you wiD bave to do is to revks it, alter it, and rewrite ontil you are satisfied with it. The derision n all qice-ricB? of omiewioa will test with me. You ere to do the literary and artistic put, as it ie calkd. One thing more. The novel, we may as well call is by my title, ' The Marriage Market/ mu4 be published early in May.1 I should ,;ke to took at it/ ' You can do so/ Forsyte looted at the MS., calculated the number of pages, aod counted the linns in the page, and rise words in a line. 1 There's more than ie wanted. It is very closely written. The novel could be ready by May, so far as I am concerned. I won't answer for the publisher/ Thefs not your department.' said Mice Browniow shortly. Will you undertake toe | work? 'Besides secrecy, what are the terms? 1 would give you three hundred pounds,' replied Miee Browniow ; one hundred for the reereey, one hundred for the haste, Mid one hundred for your literary acd artistic capacity.' 'I am glad to accept that offer/ replied Forsyth, calmly. c You will give me a letter or signed memorandum embodying that offer, and you wtH not, I suppose, object to ad> vasesng a retainer — say, fifty pounds.' Mats Browniow heritMed tar a minute or so. You «e a man of hnsinnw, I see, toe sax-, at lest. Is it aea»l for pidfitten to advance money to authors V 06, job; it's ohm done," replied Forsyto. 'My experience has resolved me never to w its another line on the strength cf a promise. <f nrwat, point do yen know. Yon're unite right Mr. Forsyth. I do net object to rate the odvanoe. Excuse me for a few moment/ said Mas fteowmlo , as ehe opened toe feMteeg doore. Foreyto hoard a beft ring, a tew toned talking in the next room, and a servant leave toe hams, who, ttxangely enough, did not lorn the door. | Mite Browniow returned. I I have oeni for toe money. Theee ni too tte mad bow i wont you to work. Yon riB ham to <tonth«aetuel writing here. Sototooeft mil bo posred to a woman cpon_ whom I oaa flspmrf. who wiB work in thm rnom at a type writer. As each sheet » -4 to type, both originate, yours and mine, writ be destroyed/ Forsyth vhook his besd. 'Mini Browniow, pa don't allow for human and literary weakness. Ienptwrrie in a room where a type writer kr decking away, and, henries, that handing of fheets j about and destroying than would be an | awful interropsion. You must allow me to work in my own way as long as your mam object is r at intafuri with. That copying must be done when I have left. The revising the Bemingtcn proof would make another eopy necessary sometimes. I should only correct imporaut errors, and leave literate to the printer's reader. And your copyist weald have to learn my hand/ Of course your handwriting most ke learned/ replied Miss Browniow indifferently. ' You can arrange all the details of your own work as you like. What I reqoi e from you is a novel, essentially the mama as the manuscript, ready for the publishers about tte trmo I have fixed. As I do not want any handwriting in the completed copy, I shall get ae many copyings done as may be necessary. You need not trouble yourself abrot the cost/ The tervsat entered and handed a sealed envelope to Miee Browniow, who took from it some bank notes, and gave Forsyth the advance he demanded, for which he gave an acknowledgment. After is had been arranged for Forsyth to begin his work the next day, the interview finished. His carinas engagement, and the secrecy attendant os it. gave Forsyth much oportrmity for that reflection on lra»M character and motive which the young ' novelist shcald cultivate. Hire Brown- low he summed op at once. She was . riie author cf ' The Marriage Mattel/ ' and her name was clearly assumed- S j at ' leat Forsyth, while dining at a bettor : restaurant than that be had lately frequented, I derided with the seif-confidence that comes | of pleasant prospects. He nriget hove come to other decisions, more especially cm tire character and motives of Miss Browaiow, had not a French musician to whom he was known recognised him and persuaded aim to g3 to the Dust Bis,' a house of eatertoin- taent supported by the unacknowledged geniuses of the period. The next morning be set to work at Step- heard street, acd attacked The Marriage ' Market.1 What a novel it was ! Briefly, a collection of the faults of a novice who bad no literary or artistic capacity. Here and there, though, there were passages of sincere feeling and great power written from the heart.. Strangely enough, the story had a plot, which Farsytb briefly abstracted to tbni effect — Lord Halesham, the eldest sou : of the Earl of Bartshire, waa a ycusg man of talent, distinguished appearance, and fastidious taste. His career at Oxford had been more than respectable and bis reception into London society had been more cordial even than that usually given to the heir of a wealthy peer. The Countess of Hartfhire — a Dei fw»x — wm noted for a pride of race that amounted to monomania According to her own account she had condescended fey marrying a Clifford whose pedigree only emerged in the wars of toe Bows, while the Des Yoeax's history was recorded in the caves of primitive man. It was not Daa Yoeux's fault if the degenerate modern could act decipher she hand- writing of .the auroch banter. During two seasons of London, Tyrol, mod oouasry-housmr nothing eligible satisfied toe critical Lord Hakcbam. At latt he met someone whose knowledge, judgment, wis, aceompiisbtaeste, character, and personal beaatv rendered bar worthy of marrying lineal ifwrtriiat of eava-mac. This was Lady Tito KiXhorn, who though only a year older than the hero, actually vac | maeh fete senior if their agee had b.sn measured by miifiosc. Of tori lady the author seemed to know everything. H studies, hope, ambition, her secret so&o-; qnies (occupying five pages), faor keen in flight into eh. factor, her coolness marking tropieai passion, her eootempt cf ccnreatio«NaS | standards, and her force of character were j ad recorded, related again and again, and | dilated on at merciless length. Site vm too only living person in the book. Neoriy two years patted chiefly in drieusssens eeweas. Lord Hatesham red Lady Yioia on poiiosc- pby, politics, and that fresh tebjees. astbeticism. ThenLord Haleshaan travelled, and wrote long letters to Lady Yiola, to wboR he was incorrectly reported to be forma - engaged. In the course of Mt amnderiess he reached Constantinople. be had an advestscs — one of fbe few memento in toe book. He raw sailing in sight of Coaftaauaopk whan Ma host was fueled by a native eaUz wMab tefsizsd. Loci Haleeham, seeing o yoong beautiful grri « drive, and rescued her, going ao far as to rn-ipr her sod her protectee, a sailor and oMwMian, into his own boat, which conveyed riwm to land. The surpassing beauty and grace of the girl exeitad Lord idnban'f curiosity. He hod learned Turkish » hero ol a novel, and he now spent like a peer in a novel, sou by T learned that the beautif ol wm tire da tighter of a Turkish «i— m Circassian. or whom he Mad refused — — » depreciated ouriensy. At the mqehaat'a death, followed by beakraptey a ihmiiT mneh to the benefit of the debtor— M» bocem w«e add. The BaibuE, as toe beaasihal maiden wee coiled in toe novel, and her mother, were aotd to toot miebreted eooaoiHear in female beauty, elia Fbwha, whose serious illness did not prevent providing for toe enjoyment of 1 us reeovary Unfortunately be tod not recover, nm& the Bulboi, now separated from her nmtoer wfaaee value had fallen, had been eold to a Turkieh broker, who wm making a seram 'ooracc.' He bad already bought aB too beauties exeept the BeHml, and:, ny man iuq bee refod too mirkst. It was dorian too teatomn fa or too pohRof Satma Ptehn to toe brokee'e depdt that too od woo hrqit Bngfaafa tei Freadk by drtetoMMennq, earn land Haletoam sstarsed to England and to Lady Yiaia. Graicatb Ms attneMnatttn toss gifted lady waned - intimetoeyr ba—mf faiessds oMy, wad toen ioaserty mn thnanqoaiotsuees. Paoe whisk RSf- bene hum dnni to fibe astbar c I of Btecaiy cr to her faithfai rcc base the Mow bravely, sad kept a (largely quoted bom), and generally conducted herself in s very noble manner. Lcrf Hadeshnm rtatoedpomsce, home end fct«« pertienlady foreii, in whieri last be vM mas assisted by a new frieas, s Bsrsa Ashiila do Longweville, a Beritsa odbiemse blessed with a singularly heaatifti meet, whom ntotber wm rappoee s to hove hsi Oriental blood m her vems. TtiEwce ns a man cf the world, wbc cs»i thai the De Loagnev)ISs blood would conquer asy (1 strain. The real fact wm toti the Btras « sue wm Dorics, and he vm poii to be the Baikal's anrie end provide the necessary pedigree sod poseeaaions to ozietj zte Coosteae of Hartsliire. who would f ct. bidden the marriage if be bad keivs the real truth. As a Dee Yox she rated the Earl and the whale Clifford family, »sa in awe of bar. Dodos's knowledge <£ the world, xa& Lord Hslseiaam's nacuey a%U theati to iupir their plaua hey .c i the chsu-e iff detection, except by rome arch.? a risk they provided against fey appotius? the only antiquary who anew anything abccs ;o» real De Loogueville fsctily t/xtiuct in I?7-t keeper of the archives at aasettiti chateau. The novel ended with the csrrage zf Lord Hateskam and tr.e Balcol. ctherrise Madesooieelle Sopiarooie « ricrkll; ie Lsoouevillc. ' WelL said Forsyth, when be fistifeed t« MS.. if I had Been tcli ty % tZ spectacle and snteiligeD: men that zct i novel hod bees wri.tm, mid o written, sod was to be puoiithed, I wcdi cot 'z-l beiieved it,' 3c wrote a fetter to Mrie Bnwaucw. whan he nod not sens again, advriiug her tt up all idea of pebtishicg toe 5b curtly replied that if he wcc.i cct iz —e work tire would gee sot&e; asze <zUk. So he set to wesrk hsrzL re-vrzr, ice novel, as far as writing w«a», i&r.zzd; and altered the characters m it. etc as Urn Browniow. to wjaom the type rr ;ry.J» w«re sent, would silow. ajni/ ia f«t. i that could be dene to taaae tfcg atr.ry tiAiiz'e. At last the work was s? r. lis ;rxfi were eriao and ready fcr tas prat sr. Forsyth' if work was over, be fKetied zn eaarned mcoey and the to»a« cf Brawnlcw, who at parting reatisdei tsm tats they were, ami had always see®, ftra-sn. H» «reffretiffd brer Beiamed tezm work, he t: tt zz a wa ktag toor from Lmbe to iitas; Trrr r.ire, where Uaeie Jacob lived, mi wver ze was always sere to flat a wekocae sci mz disparagement of writin aed pstatiu' 5, v. A mild spring mode Mm linger co zm journey, so that he did mot uma tie U-z> isouse until nearly six wees# titer fee a!s home. At toe farm he stayed sdlxcg aad resting, and keeping a wmtecfei ij m zee jmbfhrcers' annemaeemensr ie the /: y- wtedi be nemri every mzraka zj toe dsaguss <if Uncle Jscab. wfeo rsvd cce paper a week, and read it right :hrsrffz At last The M striae M«riKi. it t3 iibnrie, these vrie., Wuim a©i Jotwt. Crei> eicrt, E.C.. was anaonnred. and poco. irr. primes and crime bibf ixs'i, ws vtr iew-i, net unfavourably. Tieri a other/ md tze reviewer, reverees toe merits sod the ?«-iaas of novices in fiction, nwMtrrteb re bri wrrig is better toon bri inareubae.' A few days afterwards. Farfytr, wfer fesi been fishing some ssxfe Srot: zm rrc< f homn, w»a sitting at -fhaaer in tbe irf a- room cf die Angler1# TSbd — a acted hzzot is. that omraty — nisen feis fmci Jiciacc entered. He recognised Fermb and ineel ziz wormip. I am pnrsnsd by t/mikmi be ii as » mt down el Fufsyto's ubfe, Yferriy 1 nwt Joe Wffkicna in a viL|s from a railway station : to jay is j ycc. / f do mi r Tuey 'fined, p!sywI M l"r i, xs«3 tier straffed tiost dric&v-wg; men and tiruzs- Bat you've told mm u&uztos; -zf tze zssad world, mziaostrated Farsytb . ' Yc re seed to jestify your bring owe fey n«ng cfeac yea are sndbaog a ervcs of rsrv es ; csfei " Untcoiden Thusem," whfeii yen tiizt » title ' Kamw, not think, mterpzled IidcrxL We. I» what toe last r sw ssocc T Bcntel as ever. Tfaerow. asyDttfiEk,fe boot anovri eal ed tiu Marriws Mrttet; Igot it ell fawn Turner, who wm stCcESsre®- nopfe tfii gpriie krtri y/ I sfarmid Bate few it. I art s«f of' toe book the etoer day.' Jnckwra gave a of she fE=py- Mmoteter, and icrident. I knew ali tost." .raid Fcriyth- Ton fidn't know Is was ttot' That I fidaV 1 omci ie mof Endy TibSc ff3kom is Lady Ostavta Hardmy : I HaZeafaam, son of toe Eari of Hsritiaro Loed Lasington, eon of ttoeEariof Gtvmem. Iwvingiuii waa Lady Oram'i hew. w1"1 "mi the Bnibal (toe novel spfaareis mato after tile amaaage ) Hri setoff risahonrsJ. Of erne tee Padri Soriely " is riagiag with tori laff rerw of a woman's vnagaanee. The Ccovteff flsitebris is cosily m madly p«ni of I rooa ae toe Des V«nx ©f the uoveL It'® to tefat cf to date toe dining to j««. Rtvant«» haJfe. Areyuo catistiod- 'Qoite. nni wten did Lady Oris fear all toat tbm Constantinople? Frinyto, who bad identified Lady Oris Sharp fed ! Thai's what parried wo ted Tnwrar. At hat an yrate pSmvTea, and CroSsirtia |fa,tatoti i «" «" «?.—'« .««> at a price, iters wens nfi mteodnmti Iteelr. i Who wrote the book? LsdyOetasm SSl Nobody knows. Tfae Bail end -tiro Ooaatam base tried 1"11 irri ftn mitii jo tojtalMOetefaL dAem jlwit with lawyers, and eo staarp nmtta people working rim borinere ttaat foe mfrcfo novel ted been oepied fay a typewriter. No handwriting to he li weed. No mead at aft. That secret wffl be vrril kept I suppose so. Xstk torn ia mv nod riody bacolic eterarfcer. raid Foreyth. 