Bega Municipal Gasworks. Opened, Fridayy, October 2nd, 1835. The Bega Municipal Council being in its second year. The officials are: Mayor (for the second lime) Mr. Thomas Eaw linson (solicitor); Aldermen: Meslrs. Ed ward Brown (hotel keeperV George Chidpey, (builder), Roberts W." Emley, (cordial manufacturer), Michuel M'Na inara, (hotel keeper). Peter Manning, (builder), Magnus Jackson Peden, (store keeper), Qeorge P. Rodd, (auctioneer). John Spence, (tanner). Council Clerk and. Inspector of Nuisances. Fred. J. Pilraer; works oomuiencod whilst John Boone was Counoil Clerk. Engineer, W. Alexander. Manager, Oh Wightman. Liver of mains — Grant, Licensed Gas Fitters, Ohfirles Anderson, junr.; E. A. Davis. Oontraotore for Works: Brickwork, K. Abel; woodwork, B. Tanner. Cost of works about £0000. Street lamps erected, 12; others ordered from England. The following memoranda hastily com piled from sources immediately at hand may interest some reuders, and fit in with " the day we celebrate,? More than two centuries ago, that is in 1G59, one Thomas Shirley attributed the phenomenon of the " burning well" at Wigan, in Lancashire, to exhalations from the coal beds Soon after Dr. Clay ton, hearing of Shirley's hypothesis, made coal gas, and saya- in a letter " Wo dis tilled coal iu a retort: the contents were phlegm, black oil, and a spirit which wo could not condense, but caught and con fined it in a bladder.'" As with other in ventions, wo hear of coal gas having been used by the Chinese for centuries; but no one in England appears to hare thought of applying the " spirit" to use ful purposes until the Redruth engineer, Murdoch, put up some small apparatus, and lit his office and house with gas, about 1792. In 1798 Boulton and Watt had an extensive plant erected at Soho, and the splendid illumination by this firm in 1802, in honor of the great peace, drew public attention to the matter. Man chester, Halifax, and other towns began to use the new light, and in 1810 a. charter was granted to the Gas-light and Coke Company who began to fight against the old oil-lamp-light of London. Through some defect, a serious explosion occurred at the pompany's works, and so imperfect was the machinery that such men as Davy, Watt, Wollaston, gave a serious verdict that coal-gas could never be safely applied to street lighting"! In 1822 St. James Park was first lighted with gas. and under the enthusiastic guidance of Frederick Albert Winsor, gas has grad ually forced its way and now holds its own against all competitors for economy and general utility for all public purposes. Iu 1880 London consumed 18,100 millions of cubic feet. We find that the Sydney .Gas Company was formed on April 13, 1836, and our colonial metropolis was first lit by gas oh Queen's Birthday of 1811 ; Hobart began it* use in March, 1857; Melbourne five months later; Adelaide iu June 1863; Brisbane in 1865; Newcastle 1S67; Par- rammatta 1872. Grafton, Dubbo, Arini dale, Wollongong, Bathurst, Hay, Wag ga, Kiama, Goulburn, and other towns in the colony now burn gas, and- the nine works in N. S. Wales iu 1872 Tiave in creased to about 30. To Bega, however, belongs the historicpljilaoo of .being the first gasworks owned and opaD64__D£ a Municipal Council unler the Municipal Lighting Act of 1881. How much the light has come into use for the world's streets may be estimated by the annual cost in London £400,000, Paris £G20,000. The Paris Gas Co. in 1880 showed receipts £3.450,000, with a net profit at os 8d per 1000 of £1,500,000 Paris streets employ-49,000 lamps: other Freuch towns 190,000. In London £13,026,000 are sunk in gas manufacture. Glasgow appears to enjoy the strongest light, a 28-candle power gas at 4s per 1000\. The candle-power is calculated roughly thus: if the shrd >w of a candle flame at a distance of 4 feet be equal to the shadow of a gas flame at 15 feet, the illuminating power of the gas is equal to the ratio between 4 squared and Id squared, or 22a divided by 16 gives a quotient] 14 ; so! the gas of this quality would be " 14-candle gas." la another way, " 14-candle gas is of a quality to produce (from an Argand burner having 14 holes aud a 7 inch chimney, and con suming 5 cubic feet of gas per hour} a light equal in intensity to that - of 14 sperm caudles (6 in the pound) burning 120 grains per hour." From candles at lOd per pound, it would cost £2 Is 8d to obtain a light equal to that given by 1000 feet of this quality of gas. Perhaps some preoocious youngster may puzzle its progenitor by the simple question " What is gas ?" and as [it is a sound principle of domestic rule that the father must be able to answer all ques tions, we turn on the dictionary, which says *' Gas; a word invented by the che mist Yaii Helmont who died in 1644. Compare the G-erraan word geist, ghost or Bpirit. It is an aeriform fluid ; supposed to be permanently elastic, as opposed to vapour, or steam,, which condenses or liquifies upon reduction of temperature; any substance in an elastic aeriform state. In popular usage a mixture of carbureted hydrogen and oleffont gas or Li-carbu reted hydrogen, whiefa gives a brilliant light when burned, and is the common gas used for illuminating purposes." Again : " The important mixture of hy dro-carbons produoed by the destructive distillation of pit-coal." Coal gas consists of a mixture ot "marsh gas," olofiant gas, hydrogen, carbonic oxide, nitrogen, va pours of liquid hydro-carbons and bi sulphide of carbon. From rich coal about 10,000 cubic feet of gas per ton are obtained, besides the " coke, which is the coal deprived of its -gas, ammoniacal liquor, sulphur, and other minor pro ducts. Anlysis of ooal' from the A. A. Go's mine, at Newcastle is " specific gra vity 1*207, contains films of mineral char coal," Proximate analysis gives:— Moisture 2*20 Volatilohydro-carbons 33*60 Fixed carbea 57-52 ) cnke 62*87 Ash 5*35 ) per oent Sulphur 1 '33 Total 100.00 The ultimate analysis being:— Oarbou 78*76 Hydrogeu 6*34 Oxygen 7*28 Sulphur 1*36 Nitrogen *79 Ash 6*47 Total 10000 By experiment, one pound of this ooal would convert nearly 13 pounds of water into steam. Analysis of the ash gave: — Silioa 60*05 Alumina 34*90 Iron Sesqnioxide 13*81 Lime *§6 Manganese traces Potash *19 Soda *02 Sulphurioaoid .............. 1*06 Total 1*09 The nnmo April is said to mean open* ing. On April 1, the School of Aits began. In April lafrt. yi-iir tbo OazdU announced that " Juforiinttiuii about gas | was being collected by Mr. Walker, ami on the 10th April Mr. Walker <3X)ilni(ieil what ho knew t > a public meeting in the School of Arts, and proposed to form ti private company wii.h 501) slmit!lml,lers of £10 cach. At the close of the meeting | Messrs Walker, Broarly, Forbes, ami Braine were appointed a provisional com mittee to receive names and report to u future meeting. On the 2-Uli a public mooting appointed Meaar.i Macleoil, Scott (A.J.S;) lCerrison, liraino and Chid gey provisional directors, with Mossrn Broarly and Forbes joint, seeretarifls, and power was given the Directors to jegistor-thn company if lhay. wore satisfied with the prospects. The. Directors held many meetings at Messrs Breurly and Forbes' office, kindly placed at their* disposal. Figures were patiently gone into the town was.canvassed, and the |iroviniouals were satisfied that the gas scheme was practi cable. They secured the offer of a site for works from Mr. W. Uibburd, ami on May 27 between 40 and 50 shareholders met, and went through the form of elect ing 5 Directors after a memorandum of Association had been signed by 40 shareholders who had paid Grst deposit on shares. After that a freezing atmos phere gradunlly encircled the infant as sociation ; distrust put its clammy fingers upon the Directorate; bud so many share holders withdrew from the list that .col lapse seemed probable. In the meanwhile the " Municipal Gas Act" was assented to on Oct, 31, 1884, and the Bega Council came to rescue the starring wean from an untimely grave, and on Friday, Septem ber 20, a somewhat stormy gathering of shareholders consented to pass their right, title and interest over to tbo Council. So rapidly did the revived body now movo along, that we find the Council gravely voting on October 5, " That the Council take over the gasworks with existing liabilities " ; and the minute book adds: "The Aldermen present all expressed thoir approval of this course being taken." As the Act was not assented to until 26 days after this, it is seen that no time was lost in doing the right thing ill the wrong way. On Noveuioer 13, JohnCur ran's tender for excavation was accepted; the work began, and yesterday publicly lit the first gas lamp in this prosperous and ambitious Municipality of Bega. The day was colebrated by having it gazetted a public holiday. The stores were all closed. For two or three days a gang of labourers, under the inspection of Messrs Hortou and A. Leneban, erected a grand triumphal arch in Carp-street, opposite the School of Arts. This looked very nice in all its grenery of ferns and eucalyptus foliage, aud was made con spicuous at night by an arrangement of gas-lit stars and other jets. The work of putting all into order for the colebration fell upon a right sort of committee with Mr. Bank Smith as lion. Secretary. The Committee comprised Messrs. Bland, Forbes, II. Underbill, F. Brown. Macleod, A. S. C. James, W. D. Neilley, A. Leuehan, G. Haslingden, Cowdroy, Bank Smith. Mr. Forbes relieved Mr. Smith of the secretary work, and Messrs. James aud Haslingden collected sub scriptions for expenses. The various itein? of the day were a^ridjcossion of school children, nu merous sports in theAgiiculturalSociety's Show Ground, and a torchlight proces sion at uight. This evening the festivi ties wind up with a banquet, which will probably bo crowded, and at which several good speeches are,iexpocted. The procession of nearly 600 children from the Public and Convent Schools headed by a band of music marched un der the big arch, aud along Carp-street to the Show ground. The arch looked well; a little more hiding of the poles would have made it porfect. On the arch wore banners bearing these legends " Bega First;" *'H. Walker Projector; "T. IUwlinson, Mayor," and various flags and transparencies were placed to give offect tive contrast to the mass of foliage. 