CORRESPONDENCE. *• Smoker."—The Ghost now running in Melbourne is not the horse bred by Mr. Harvey. The Ghost (late Salisbury) was by Tregeagle out of Ada {not the dam of Newstead). " Richard Coulter." — The correspondence has been dosed so far as our open columns are concerned. " G. H. Scown."—The case has not been reported in the Register, and we cannot therefore publish •sour explanation. "C. P. F."—The addition of the first two quantl ties, vit, Jd. and id., thus making Jd. "E. H. Hallack, Treasurer of the Samaritan Fund," writes:—" I notice a letter from ' E. C. Browne' in your issue of this day having reference the family of a recent inmate of this institution. B your correspondent will communicate with the committee of the Samaritan Fund the matter will be investigated, and, if necessaiy, assistance will be rendered. Robert Rossiter."—The Red Lancer which won . the trot is not identical with the steeplechaser of that name. Mr.-Watson bought him in Melbourne in May. " Enquirer."—1. The District Council Act is silent as to the qualification of a Be turning Officer. If a person not a ratepayer was appointed to conduct the election, in case of an equality of votes he would seemingly >|bave a casting-vote. ,8. It cannot be ' ' r " Subscriber, Mallala."—L A candidate for election under District Councils Act cannot be appointed or act as Returning Officer. 2. Yes; a person in receiving ' nominations for Councillors acts as a jtptnrning Officer. 3. Yes; a parson acting as Returning Officer can nominate persons as Auditors if he is a ratepayer, and if the nomination is banded in before noon. "John Carter."—If you resided in England, and were in receipt of inoome from abroad, you would lsave to pay the tar. Xf yon resided in Englandt and yoat money were invested in South Australia in Bank or other stock, your attorney or agent here would have to pay the income tax in South Ausfealia. Indignant."—We cannot possibly publish such a Setter as yours under an anonymous signature. The ketter course is to communicate with the military yotborities., 