News and Notes. Parliament is further prorogued to the 16lli of June. 1,3,(100 I'ioorr.n witnessed (lie interco lonial boat-rueo 011 Saturday. Till: Austrian man-of-war Saida left the harbour 011 Saturday for Auckland. Lieutbnajsts Pritchard and Airey, of the Contingent have been invalided and ordered houic. A movhmknt is on foot in Sydney to foiui a Philharmonic Socioty, with llorr Yogrich as conductor. ' Bismarck has doeido/J that tho city of 70 smells, Cologne, is to bo called 10)111 by all good Genitalia. Ox Sunday, Bishop Lanigan of Gotil burh, luid the foundation stone of a new Roman Catholic Church in Wagga. Beach will make a match withTeomer the Anericau, fur £1000 and tho cham pionship, allowing Toemor £200 for ex penses. A " HEl!ALU " correspondent proposes a joint slock company, capital £20,000, 1 to establish a public school on tho linos of Rugby. A coN'ritovicitslAL pastoral from Arch bishop Moran was road in tho Roman Catholic churches in Sydney and suburbs on Sunday last. U5 I'Uisitc watering plnees in the wes tern country have benn proclaimed. Tbey comprise tanks, wells, artesian wells, springs, and water-holes. The Oriental Bank Corporation has paid tho claim of tho Now South Wales Government for £00,2(50, with interest up to tho time of suspension in May last. Anthony Hordeun's land company, ■which was formed for tho purpose of taking up large aroas of land in Western Australia, has been registered with 1. capital of £100,000. Tub Bishop of Melbourne spoke so vig orously and so eloquontly at Mooroopna on tho impending war, that tho whole audience was thrown into tho wildest ex citement. Fnox information elicited, it now ap peal's that the explosion of dynamite in Mr. Edward N. Swainson's office at tho Admiralty is not the work of Fenians, but is duo to private malico. Ix Tam worth recently, tho caretaker of tho courthouse decorated tho judges', barristers', and reporters' tables with flowers during a court sitting. His Honor acknowledged -with pleasure, the com pliment. Puior to his departure, Hinlan wrote a characteristic letter to tho Mayor of Sydney, thanking him for the courtesy aud kindness exteuded to him during his stay. ; Mn. Johx A. Blake, late M.P. for Waterford County and Commisioncr of Fisheries in Ireland, delivered an in structive lecture on Saturday evening, subject: "The Irish at Homo and Abroad." At Lithgow on Tuesday the Minister for works taid ho had received a telegram from Sydney intimating that a declaiation of war might he expected every minute. Ho also stated that wo had 4,200 men ready to be called out. Q-EORGE Augustus Sala hopes the New South Wales contingent will go to Eng land before tbey return to Australia, "so that our brothers at homo might gaze upon the stalwart, gallant men who came forward in England's hour of need to help her in her trouble." In his locture on Saturday evening Mr Blake showed that amongst the present Irish party were many members of high literary attainments and acknowledged influence both within and outside the House of Commons. The State Children's Relief Department now has under its care 072 boys and 478 girls. During the past year 523 children have been hoarded out from tho various asylums. 32 boys under 8 years of age on the Yernon and at Biloela are to be transferred to homes as soon as possible. The declaration in tho House of Com mons that tho bulk of Australian tinned meat was found unfit for tho use of sol diers in the field is now explained. Aimy stores must bo packed in tho smallest possible space; our meats are not unfit by quality, but they merely need com pression, so as to have the maximum of j contents ia tho minimum of package space. I According to the English sporting | Press, it would appear as if the days of I English professional pedestrianism aro numbered, and even among tho roughs of Birmingham and tho Sheffield grindors it is fast losing its popularity, The great patrons of footracing were tho working classes, factory hands and miners; and these have now forsaken footracing and given their allegiance to association foot ball. The tens of thousands of sixpences that used to go to a big handicap now go to a big football match. With football 1 flourishing, racing must fade. H.vwaciNG.—Considerable interest has been shown in Wiltshire in an attempt to revive the old sport of hawking. A num ber of hawks have been secured, and will forthwith bo trained iu rook-bawking. The members of the club formed to pro mote this, in tho sport wear tho ancient costumo of falconers. Tho exercise of the birds on Salisbury Plain has alroady commenced, tho rendezvous being tho charming village of Everloigh. The ap pearance of tho moinbers of tho club in their curious costumo increases the in terest in the sport. Monument to Cavouu.—King Hum bert's forty-first birthday was appropri ately commemorated on March 14 by his Majesty laying tho foundation stone of a monument to Count Cavour, decreod by tho Roman municipality. Tho site is in tho Prati di Castello, famed in connection with the siege of tho Castle of Saint A11 gelo by the Constable do Bourbon and its defence by Bonvonuto Cellini. A new llomo is springing up in those Holds, and 110 more fitting sito than this, opposite tho futuro Courts of Justice, could have been choson for a monumsut to the founder of Italian unity. The latest news from tho north-west states that tho Canadian forco under Colonel Middletou, when advancing against Louis Iliol's position, wore sud denly attacked by Batouchos, who formed an ambuscade ,iu a ravine. Sevoral of tho troops woro killed and 50 were wounded. Colonel Middleton afterwards succeeded in surrounding tho ravine, and telegraphs that ho hopes to capture tho rebels before they effect their escape. Battloford, whero a massacre of whites rocontly occurred, has beeu rolievod, aud tho Indiaus aro retiring to a distance. The apprehension entortainod of war between England and Bussia has (says tho Argu&) led to the diversion of one liuo of trade from the ordinary channel to j tho Messagorios Maritimos steamers. On ' Saturday gold to the value of £250,000 j was shipped by the Salazie, to bo delivered in Loudon via Marseilles. The quantity ■ roprosonts freight charges to the amount of £1200. Gold is apparently supposed to be safer under tho French flag than it might bo under tho English. Interesting complications might arise if England also becuine involved with Franco, and the Salute woro to bo stopped by one of our o\fn cruisers. On Sunday afternoon a man named Wiseman was bathing in Bogy Hole, Nowcastlo, and left bis clothes on the odiro while in the water. When Le camo out ho found that a cheque drawn in his favor by Thomas New for £(> on the Bank of Australasia was missing from his trousers pocket. Three sailors had been not c d near the spot where Wisemon's clothes were lying whilo ho was in Bogey Hole. Information of the robbery was given to Inspector Thorpe, who, suspecting that the cheque would be attempted to be pas sed on Monday, bad a constable lying in wuit to arrest the thief if be presented himself. Directly the Bank opened ou Monday morning in came one of the sailors named Walker with the missing cheque, and walked direct into the trap laid for him. Ho was at once arrested. This is one of the neatest captures effected for some time. Mil. Hiram Stevens Maxim, the 'well known American engineer, has lately brought out a new form of a machine-gun which is attracting a great deal of atten tion in military and naval circles. This gun is a completely new departure. It takes the cartridges out of the box in which they wore originally packed, puts thom into the barrel, tires them, and ex pels tho empty cartridges, using .for this purpose, onorgy derived from the recoil of tho barrel. Of course- it is necessary to put tho first cartridge iuto the barrel by hand. Whon, hnwovor, this is done, and tho trigger pulled, the gun willgo on and firo as long as there aro any cart ridges in tho box. Tho cartridges are placed on a belt formed of two bands of tape beforo they are placed in the box, and one end of this belt is placed in tho gun at the time of starting, the action of tho gun drawing in one cartridgo every time that one has exploded. The guu is really a veritable guupowder engine, the recoil of tho barrel, the block, and the lock corresponding to the piston and crossheads of the engine. Tho recoil drives tho barrel and its attachment backwards, opens the breech, cocks the hammer, and expels the empty shell. Tho return of tho block is effected by a spring1. As tho bolt returns, it forces a loaded cartridge into tho barrel and pulls the trigger. Th rapidity of fire in this guu is regulated by a cataract chamber, and the gnu may be fired at any speed from one round per minute up to 600 per minute for guns of rifle calibre and slow er for largo sizes. St. Maiiy's Cathedral was almost filled on Sunday afternoon, when Arch bishop Moran, as president of the newly formed Roman Catholic Total Abstinence Association, addressed the first general meeting of tho members. Tho Arch bishop spoke with great fervour and ear nestness, clearly explaining the objects for which the association had been found ed, and showing how those objects could be attained, to the incalculable advantage of each individual and the social benefit of the whole community. Tho association would include all friends of total absti nence, and it would be valuable equally as a protection and safeguard for the young, and as a means of reformation for those who had unhappily fallen victims to the degrading vice. A strong united body, animated by puTe and lofty princi ples, could do very much for the promo tion of tempera nee, and this combination would oiable them to carry on effectively a just and sacrcd crusade against the greatest evil of the day. After his dis course, the Archbishop administered tho pledge of total abstinence to over a thousand persons, and the] proceedings terminated with benediction of the Iloly Sacrament. The association is under tho direction of an executive council which comprises most of the parish priests of tho city and suburbs, and some -10 represen tative Roman Catholic lay gentlemen. All the members of the Couucil, including tho Archbishop, are total abstainers, and 110 one who has not taken tho pledge will bo allowed to be connected in any way with the association. Tho pledge we aro in formed is not an oath or religious vow, administered by Dr. Moran, but simply a solemn resolution, which, however, is none the less binding.—Echo. Archbishop Mohan in his pastoral letter for May, dwells at considerable length on tho controversial aspect of tho honouring of the Mother of Christ. The Archbishop says:—" But whilst .to tho faithful children of the Church of Christ this devotion to the blessed Virgin is a constant source of life and consolation and spiritual joy, there is no other practico of Catholic piety towards whichourseparatod brethren display such deadly enmity, none from which they so shrink with horror, and which they so persistontly assail. In this warfare against devotion to the holy Mother of God, Rationalism and Infidel ity go hand in hand with Lutheranism and Calvinism; and no matter how tho variod sects of Protestants may war among themselves, all are agreed in displaying an irreconcilable, relentless hatred to wards that filial piety which Catholics cherish for the Blessed Virgin. This, however, is nothing now in tho history of tho Church. Throughout tho past 18 centurios the countless heresies that raifol tho standard of revolt against God's Church have each in turn assailed the citadel of Catholic piety, and endeavoured to corrupt or to undermine as best they could the true devotion of the faithful to tho Mother of God. Do we not boo in this tho fulfilment of God's words; for what is moro natural than that the eternal enmity placed by God between Satan and tho Blessod Virgin should not coase to manifest itsolf until tho end of time. Sho is tho protectress of the Church, and tho guardian of diviue faith. Tho promoters and patrons of error seem instinctively to feel lhat they shall receivo their death blow at her hands, for woll they know that each heresy that has arisen has boon ovorcomo by true devotion to her: " Thou alono hast destroyed all heresies, 0 holy Mothor of God." Wo do not give to tho Blessed Virgin the honour which is duo to God alone. Tho Churohos touching'9 that God alono is the Creator and Sove reign Lord of all creatures, and to Him alone supreme howago is duo. Whatever privileges the Blessed Virgin en joy 6. whatever power and dignity belong to her, all have been mercifully bestowed on her by God. Even as tho brightest star m the firmament receives its light from tho sun, so it is from the eternal Son of Jus tico that all tho comeliness of Maryfl sanctity proceeds. Thero is thus an es sential difference between the honour which we pay to tho Blessed Virgin and tho homage which wo pay to her P'vino Son. We honour her as tho most exalted of pure creatures. "With St. Bpiphomus wo repeat to-day tho same teaching which tho Church gave to her children H c®' turies ago: " We honour Mary; but tho Puthor, Son, and Holy Ghost alone wo adore." Thero aro but few of tho fol lowers of the so-called reformers who have not long ago cost off their belief in tho divinity of our Lord, and thus having begun by rejecting devotion to tho Mother, they have ended by denying w the Son that supremo homage which. 1 duo to him." (In this last sentence tn Archbishop if correctly reported, niakos sweeping assertion inoapable ol being substantiated.) The Potty Dobts Court bailiff.H. Pa get, was nearly losing the number of his " moss " last Saturday. Ho took posses sion of tlie promirieis nf a selector ou the Stonehongu run. :Tho selector nt tho time was absent. Paget found a loaded guu on tho premises and took tho precaution to spike tho nipples. When tho selector returned iiomo, ho deliberately took up the fowling piece, mined at the bailiff, and pullod tin) trigger, but as tho gun, of courso bung Era. Tho selector, lmvinf» discovered what was tho matter, proceeded to clean out his gun, whereupon the bailiff, deeming discretion tho best part of valor, departed homeward, and g^ave iuiorniatiou to tho police. Corbet t. the soloctor, was arrestod on Saturday night. AT St. James' church, 011 Sunday even ing, the liturftical portion of tho service j had proceeded to that point wherein tho 1 col loot is recited by tho officiating priest, I commencing, "Almighty God, tho foun tain of all goodi.ess, we humbly beseech Theo to bless bis lloyal Highness the Prince of Wales," when a female voice was heard ejaculating from tho gallery " N"! No 1" The llcv. Mr. Jackson stop ped for a inomentand ropoatod tho potition accoiding to the ritual, and in tho mean time tho objecting female, in spito of a remonstrance, wis hustled down the stairs. For a moment tho service was interrupted; but tho sound of boot heels stumped upon tho stops of tho gallory boro ■witness to tho fact thnt, when tho female mind is aroused a i-pontaueous expression of opinion can be stoutly assorted iu a highly practical way. A New Clock.—A vory interesting clock has just been fixed opposite tho National IVoriucial Bank in Bisbopsgato Streot. It,, is 011 tho twenty-four hours principle, aud is remarkable as posscsing probably tho simplest method which has yot been introduced for indicating time ■upon tho new enumeration. Tho new clock has only one hand, tho loug minute, aud the figures around are placed as here tofore; instead, however, of indicating tile hours, tliey indicate the minutes only ■which are marked from five to sixty. Tho hours are shown 011 a sunk dial revolving under tho upper dial, a space being left in the upper dial in which the next hour figurocomes forward instantaneously on tho minute hand completing its circuit in sixty minutos. In short, tho solitary hand marks tho miuutes aud tho sunk space shows tho hour. IIow vast an im provement this new face is over others icceutly introduced, in which, all tho twenty-four hours aie jumbled together upon the dial, will at oneo be appreciated. Penjdeh in early times—it dates frmn the fifth century of the H was merely a suburb of Merv-er-Rud, mow represented by the ruins of Ak TVpeh, at the junction of the lvuslik and Murghab Rivers, and did not own allegiance either to the greater Merv or to Herat; and since tlio destruction of its parent city by the forces ot (Jhen giiiz Khan, it has by turns attached itself to either one or other of those ■cities. Since the institution of the Afghau monarchy it seems, however, except during a brief |>eriod of Khivan supremacy, to have paid tribute pretty regularly to Iferaf, whether the lands wore cultivated by Tymoories or Jam sliidis or by Turcoman visitors, its pie sent Saryk occupants, who are only tenants ot some 30 years' standing, be ing most assuredly to be classed in the latter category. The ethnographical axiom, indeed, announced by Russia, that if any jiortion of a tiibe submit to her power, she is thereby entitled to claim the ;illegiauce of all oilier j tortious of the f.ibe, irrespective of their do micile, is monstrous : and in the case of the Saryks, who have never sub mitted to her power, should ou prin ciple'lie resisted, although it in quite possible thai on die ground of expe diency, and in order to avoid friction it might ba thought proper to advise the Ameer not to interfere with their movements should they desire volun tarily to withdraw into llussiati terri tory. The Love op Puaise.—The love of praise tends to hold one down to the level of the society in which we Jive. The average of society is jjahvays ]0w and must be. The average of what is considered truth is very low. The average of what is considered honour is very low. The average of conscience is not represented by any means by the advanced, by the noblest, aud the best men. When you have mixed the top and the bottom together, and taken the average, it is always very low in every high quality. The average degrees on the scale are low down where one lives so as to receive principally pleasure in life from theapprobation of one's fellows. Society itself goes up and down as con stantly as a thermometer does. In New York in spots it is high, and in spots it is very low, and it dribbles all the way down from very high to verj low. Men do not live in a circle of 50,000,000 in diis nation. They se gregate themselves, they live in certain cire'es ; and the afliliations with the higher dements are comparatively few. Generally speaking, it may be said that a man's society is about 100 persons * and they are the persons tjiat happen to be in the neighbourhood or in the relations among which he may stand ; so that a man who governs his life by the necessity o£ being praised governs his lifn just as it may happen to be. If it be low, by that which is low; if it be medium, by the public sentiment of the medium ; and if it be higher, by the requisitions that are higher and nobler. But this is to make a man live by the thought of those outside of him, and not by any consciousness of right or wrong bred in himself under Gospel in struction. So that a man who lives for praise seeks out tho cost of it at the rate at which it is held in die market where ho dwells. He feeds himself on lie food of praise, and ho takes the Kind of food in the market of that cir cle m which he lives. Baply, it may be very high ; or unfortunately, it may . very iow, as it is in the purlieus of vice, where men are proud of their I dexterity in stealing ; where men boast aitiaiig themselves of thoir salaaious Wickedness, and where nx-u fight with e , ot'lei' for the honour of being re probates. I have no doubt that even among the internal dynamiters thorn is a sense of praise, and an ardent desire men to be praised, either for tho thing, or f„r t)j0 ]m,tancQ t|)afc t] ad sometlung to do with the thing, that should make hell blmb.—JJeechc? The marriage of Sir Edward B. Malot, K.O.U., Hor Majesty's Ambassador at the Court of Berlin, second son of Sir Alex ander Mulct, K.O.B., with Lady 35tmyn trudo UukscII, youugor daughter, of (ho Ditto of Bedford, took place in • VgnI winster Abbey ou Thursday, March 39th. i The action against the Rev. Canon i Banks Smith, Anglicm clergyman, for slar.dur, claiming £500 damages, was concluded in the Tasuianian Supiciuc Court oil Tuesday. The subjcct of the action was a Ktatemont by the defend ant to (lie bishop, seriously aflecthig the character of a girl underage, whom lie liail married to a mail named J3em» pi in without the knowledge of her mothor. The question was raised whether this was not ;i privileged colu mn mention between clergxmau and bisho|); and it was reserved for (he decision of the Full Court. After hear ing the evidence, which occupied throe days, a verdict was given for the de fendant. At Braidwood on Tuesday morning Mr. Robert McJannett died at the residence of his granddaughter, Mrs. C. J. Handcock. The deceased came to New South Wales in 1840 with the 11th regiment, but joining the mounted police was in 1848 appointed chief Con stable at Yass, where he resided for 23 years. He held his appointment in the police force for 11 years when he resigned upon a good retiring allowance and was presented with a testimonial and address. Upon the death of his wife in 1871, he went to reside on Bungendore with his son, Mr. John McJannett, innkeeper of that place. A general break up was the cause of death. At his own request his remains were conveyed in a hearse to Tarago and forwarded from thence by train to Yass to be interred beside those of his wife. Miss Mary Anderson is said to have had a curious experience during a visit of many days to Stratfcird-oii-Avou, lie fore commencing her engagement st the Lyceum. On one occasion the ctal'k of the church, in which she had been accustomed to spend many hours, asked her if she would mind being locked in while he, went home to tea. " Nothing lotto," we ave told, " she consented, and remained shut up in the still solemnity of the place. Kneeling down by the grave of Shakespeare, she took one a (locket ' Romeo and Juliet/ and recited Juliet's death scene clost* to the spot where the exeat master who created her lay in his long sleep. But present ly the vvird lose to a storm, the. branches of the surrounding trees dashed against the windows, darkness spread through the ghostly aisles, and the terrar-sti "liken, Mary fled to the door, glad enough to be released by the returning janitor." A whitish in the Daily Telegraph says :—Lord Beaconsfield, in his desire to protect Constantinople from Russians declared for the neutrality of the pass age from the Black Sea, little thinking that in a few years the exigencies of war between England and Russia' would imperatively call for the action of British fleets in the Black Sea. Cer tainly, if war is declared, England must cut the Russian communication between Odessa and Batoum, in order to check their supplying by that line their Central Asian army morirg against India. Who can tell what may arise from such a proceeding 1 Turkey must assist, or Turkey must oppose—if she does the former, Russia moves against her : if the latter, what will England do i What will Germany and the other contracting Powers do if England moves against Turkey ? Lord Carr'mgton is lo\eraWy certain to make a popular Governor (said the London correspondence of the Brisbane Courier) and he is himself veiy anxious to begin a career of the higher grade by a term in Australia, AH who have known the noble lord have felt that he is worthy of better things than vegeta ting on the crimson benches of the House of Lords, or walking over the conrs° in his position as Joi it Heredi tary Lord Great Chamberlain. Lord Carrington sat for the family borough of Wycombe, alway son the Liberal side. Staunch to the Whig traditions, of which Hartington is supposed to be the modern Parliamentary representative Carrington has yet never been a very keen politician, and was never much of a speaker. Just a year or two the other side of 40, he is in the heyday of awell-preserved life. Car rington's liveli ness, however, was always of the better kind, and above reproach. Associating sometimes with the fast set ot aristo crats, most of whose names—male and female—have been more or less smud ged, he was not one of them in heart, nor, indeed, was he nominally reckoned amongst the vufimUevs of the brigade. For ten or twelve years ho lias with drawn from theui altogether, and is one of the old companions for whom the Priuce of Wales retains a lasting ves pect and liking, Jt is understood that Carrington's colonial governorship is to be a preliminary to something higher in tho course of time. 