PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH. The district meeting of the Primitive Methodist Church was resumed at the Leich- bard-street Church yesterday, under the presidency of the Rev W. Smith The third reading of the ministerial appointments was pi acceded with and the final draft of stations as published in our issue of yesterday was confirmed It was decided that the next annual conference should take place at Rockhampton The Missionary Executive will sit at Rockhampton next year Mr S W Hartley will be the treasurer and the Rev W Powell secretary The business of the present sittings will, it is anticipated, close to day A very successful missionary meeting was held at the West End Ohm and South Brisbane, in the evening The meeting was presided over by Mr. Littleton After the customary dove tions, the Cn saw IN di livered a short address, in the course of which he referred to the au pot tance of the work which was being accomplished by this Church in Queensland, dealing more especially with its spiritual aspects The mission field in this colony was great for there existed many places in which the Gospel was never pi cache I He trusted that as Methodists they would Reference then ministers, pi ty for them, assist them in their labours, and give their support to the missions Rev M iuijCOT, Charters Towers, described the progress of missionary work in his district, and stated that his labours had been blessed exceedingly, a result which he at tributed chiefly to open an meetings He looked for aid to a great future for Primitive Methodism in that district The encouragement which was afforded them by the result of their labours throughout the colony gave them power, he said, and courage to pi each the Gospel Men might advance their philosophy and talk about science, but it was the Gospel that would give peace, and immortal hope and blessedness beyond the grave They had seen in the past glorious results achieved and what had been done in the past was some earnest of what would be done in the future Let them be can nest let them be fine and through the preaching of the Gospel they would achieve the blessed object that they had on view in Queensland Rev J WILLIAMS, Marlborough, said he was pleased to see that things were progressing in the city of Brisbane They were many signs of advancement, and he trusted that with things temporal, development spiritual and ecclesiastical would be realised He was a thorough believer in open an labours In his district they had a deal of open air work. It was a matter for great rejoicing that so much mission work had been accomplished by the Primitive Methodist Church in this colony Congregations had been gathered together, Sunday schools had been organised, societies had been formed and souls had been blessed through the labours of then ministers Eleven years ago they had this colony) five ministers, fifteen churches and fifteen preaching places-making, altogether, thirty places at which services were held At the present time they had over 100 places of worship, lift) one connexional churches, and 100 preaching places, and they had twenty sixininisteis Dieu membership had increased from 200 odd to over 100, so that considerable progress had been made Then work had been carried on, and churches had been formed in places where religious ordinances had never before been established in connection with then work there was a great deal of the ii-a great deal of arduous, anxious inborn, but the work was the Lord's, and if they trusted in him they would succeed Rev W SviiTtl, the president of the district meeting, said they had at the present day many difficulties to contend with but they had no reason to fear that they would not surmount them Scepticism, with its many hideous heads, was stalking through the land but they had no reason to fear It was said by some that the flesh 1 had achieved its greatest triumphs, and that its success was now on the decline but he would bid them fear not, for they had Gods word that Bowen uni earth would pass away before one tittle of Gods word would pass away Was it likely that God would allow his enemies continually to triumph' on, me and, say that the Gospel was itself unable to cope with the difficulties of the present time) He (Mr "Smith) knew that the i e agreement difficulties but was it possible for Christianity to meet with greater opposition in the future than it had done in the past After the Day of Peace cost the persecution of the only Christian Church was an gre if that it had to leave Jem salem At ten different times during the last 300 years of its history had the Billian 1 Illinois tried to stamp Chris statue) out Christianity did not become the power it was in the Roman Empire until it conquered It was because it can quested that Constantine the Great took it under his protection The blood of the main it) is certified 1 to the difficulties which the Church encountered in the dark ages He believed that the Church contained now men whom God could in like ii of ty rs of if matters were required It was hardly likely that the Church would meet with the difficulties which it had overcome in the past Men and women were the same to day as they were 1000 years HO There might be many changes with end to the social and intellectual life of the people, but essentially human nature was the sum Men were still polluted by sin and they needed the same remedy-the Cross of Chu He was glad this Chin eli was done somethin,, for Christ Rev W lowi-Lt Rockhampton gave an interesting, point of the work done at the mission state i At toowoomba, then most southern station, they had he believed sea end enquiry they had gathered in a number of congi cautions and societies and Sunday) schools, and there was in urgent request for a second minister With regard to Laidley station, during the past year some foul churches had been elected, and they had been placed in easy uiciuustanccs. Going over the mountains to Caboolture, they found that the Primitive Methodist Church was showing vigour and prosperity. The membership and the congregation had increased, and the prospects of that station were much more 1 cheering than they were twelve months ago. Then they came to Gympie, which had been for a long time hanging upon the hands of the missionary executive of this district. They had no congregation some years ago at Gympie, but he was happy to tell them that there was a crowded church, and their friends had been considering the necessity for enlarging the church. Not only that, but they had a very nourishing Sunday school there. 1 This station, which was formerly so largely dependent upon the Missionary Society, was now self-supporting. Turning to Maryborough he had to inform them that the income derived from there was more than double what it used to be the membership had more than doubled, and the children attending the Sunday school had trebled in number. Another station had been formed in the Burrum district with good prospects. Further north, at Rockhampton, they had eighteen preaching stations, and they had obtained sanction to bring out a second minister. They would then have four preachers in the district. There had been an increase during the past year of nearly 200 children in the Sunday schools. The Mount Morgan district, which had been brought so prominently before the public on account of the gold discoveries there, had been for meet into a station, and by the end of the year he hoped to see a substantial church erected in that district, Going up the line they had some twenty preaching stations, and these extended for about 200 miles. Their preachers were being everywhere well received. From Pine Hill the most distant of these stations, he would take them. to Jllactaill, a distance of 200 miles by coach. The work in that district was most encouraging, and a small church had been formed in what was called the city of the west. Having alluded to the healthy state of religious lifontsomeof the smaller places in that district, which he had personally visited, Mr. Powell said they had already been informed as to the state of the Church in Charters Towers, and he would speak about Mackay. That district had been passing through a very it severe depression, but the Primitive Method a dists had property there worth £1630. They had a fairly prosperous church and a good L. Sunday school. There were several preach at ing stations round about Mackay where the word of God was listened to eagerly. )f With regard to Cairns, the prospects did not seem to be so good as they had been. r- But that promised to be a very thriving place k a second Townsville-and they had last year is bought two allotments for a church for £50, 1- which would now, if placed in the market, S realise £700. What they wanted for Cairns was a young man full of the Holy Ghost and Mrs. At Herberton and Watsonville believed they would haveallourishing circuit. There was no other Protestant minister at Herberton than the one of their own denomination. At Cook- town the state of the Church was very low, although they had got a church there which cost £763, and there was only a debt of £150 upon it. That was a brief outline of the work they were endeavouring to do in the colony. What they most especially wanted was more ministers. They wanted them for such places as Cloncurry, where, believed, no minister of the Gospel had ever visited. They wanted men to win many souls. The harvest was great, but the labourers were few. A collection was afterwards made in aid of the mission funds. 