TTOFOQSSJP. BrAtiGVB. I It is gratifying to know that, notwithstaud. ingthe threatening weather on Saturday last, the receipts at Ftemitigton were greater than noon any other Legerday. The arrangement whereby the winner's number was hoist above the judge's box. directly After, the race was appreciate! by aty visitors to the oonrae, the figarea being large enonch to be dis tinguishable on the hill or on the fiat Press men have to thank the secretary and as* siBtants £or providing: them with a separate list of the names of the jockeys, a system which, by the bye, has been invognein Sydneyfor some years, and as it saves the re porters a deal of tronble, they have reason to greet its introduction to Fleminston With saosfacfion. , Commottoh is undoubtedly the most popular horse in Australia, and he wasjreoeived srith load cheering ana dapping of hands when be passed the post in front or Maluaibut th^ latter was not within stones of the none we saw in the spring tad, more over, wasvetylame;" To 1he epavinfedhock was attribofcedlhe lameness, bntitis stated that jBomettee.algo the Wnof SLAIbanawss Inthe wane, «nd if so, ttiis too jinay . >**r. t.V0 ooiows tonn to finish where hedidj sndltis more than probable that ? shall see him show something like his ot form ere ths SeaSoh closes. - It'is difficult to understand why* hooted "SHales and to returned to isectionof thecrpird . White Vhen Monte Jie enclosure. For my White - acted in a ; true . - . . . ipirit;by: letting both of Jbis: botstsgoon their merits. No Tloubt, from the Remarks I heard diop in the stand, and Hie paddock; many people seemed to .taagiae * * ' ' ttonars won with tKs colt, a»tftae|i6v rnd is he looked round inside (he distanoe, hfcy thought he was waiting for Uralla. It ausf;not beforgotten that in the oprlng the illy wa»«Onstderei the better ofthetwabut ihs went amiss. On Satnrdayshewas fitter hah WW* Chrfsto. iwdtheo&tt; ^carrying: penalty, Ithkk,therefore, the demon on t^Ma ^against Mr- White and late .., andunwprthy of a "Victorian crowd, it $p a raw feather inlhe cap of Chester that d a wonld have soch a colt and filly as n loafs Christo and tJiralla in his first* Bcason.: ^f^pera ^y that Nojrienfeldt is to be is Serby honiecl the stable, He may be, whaiever bis Monte Christo wiil win, Hhfeis ^(M dsleatedJ don't think k jparfar backed Silver Kingwith oon $ nice forest Leger, many good Jttd*e*j m pronounced him a leggy brute. He eeirtAinly is rather lanky, tmd as tbe cold southerly wind had tamed bid ooat he' looked dull/ but there can be no two opinions respect ing his galloping capabilities. He yawed about in the race, and once on the bade stretch ran off so wide that I thought he had bolted. Just previous to this I believe he interfered with David, and Power thinking that Moore was to blame, Davis after tbe race had Moore tip for foal Tiding, but as the case was considered '* not proven," nothing was done. The Kingston good thitog in the New market came off, aft Mr. J. D. Robertson pro phesied, and as he and his brothers made no secret of the excellence of the horse, the public also profited by the victory of Coronet As showing how presumedly good judges can be mistaken-in horses, it is only necessary to instance the-winner of the last Newmarket Handicap. When the Hon. Thomas Reibey sent Anchorite and Coronet to Flemington, several of the knowing visitors to the training ground wouldn't have Coronet at any price, and when it became known that 1,000 guineas was the price asked for the pair, it was asserted that to purchase would be to give nearly ail the money for one horse, Anchorite; but as the sequel lias proved, the despised one has up to the pre sent, at all events, turned out tne more pro fitable horse of the two, and has enabled the Messrs. Robertson to regain all the money they had previously lost Coronet, like Rufus and many other good winners, runs back on the dam's side to famous old Whizgig, who was imported to Tasmania as far Lack as 1828; and Sheet Anchor, who was third, claims descent from a mare imported to the island colony over half a. century ago. Salvo, Coningsby, and Prometheus disappointed their fnends sadly, not .'one of them being dangerous at the finish. Tothill has a smart little filly in Juanna, who won the Hopeful Stakes,, in which Matchlock did not run up to the form displayed in the traininprsround. Nobody could begrudge the owner of Grace Darling a win in the Brunswick Stakes, in which Little Sister and Happy Thought, who were backed for heaps of money, were badly worsted. There was a pretty lioavy settling on Mon day last, and as a hot favourite had won the Newmarket Handicap, the bookmakers had to part with considerable sums. It is plea sant to be able to state that, although the public did not keep good time, the ring mem bers of the Victorian Club and Bowess Tat teraall's paid up with Alacrity. Mr. T. Haydon, who effected a commission to the extent vi £15,000, and Mr. S. Bradbury, who took about £14,000 for the stable, received all but a few hundreds, and at night, when the money was all paid at the Victorian Club, Mi: RainBbury ana Mr. J. D. Robertson had a huge pile of notes and chegues to take off to the bank, ar rangements having been made to pay the money in by midnight. The MeBsra. Robert son were the largest winners, the smallest share of the four brothers being about £6,000, so that they must have hit the ring very heavily. Mr. Rainsbury, who is tbe regular commissioner of the stable, landed £7,000, Mr. A Harper £3,000, and several backers threw in for Bums ranging from £1,000 to £500. Mr. Clibbom lias forwarded his catalogue for the autumn, sales at Randwick, and as it comprises the yearlings of Tocal, Exeter Farm, Leeholme, Colley Creek, Brucedale, ByJbng, Larras Lake, The Orange, and a draft from Hol»rtville, racing men will have *axe::op!>ortanitiea for securing agood one. The Tocal lot are principally by The Drummer, only sevep of the twenty- twobeingbyGolds brough. The -Hon. George Lee has but three, bat they are fromgood families on tbe dam's side, and being bylfaribymoag, First King, and Gemma di Vensy, they should be Wwrth looking after. The Exeter Farm quartette includes a half-brother to Lord Ereter, one is a bay gelding by Sweetmeat from a full sister to Garfield, and there is an own brother to Garfield. This batch, there fore, although small, is very select Mari byrnong, The Drummer, and Black Eagle are tbe sires represented in the Colley Creek lot, several of whom run back to Betty, by Hector. Mr. Town Sends eight from Hobart ville, one being a ehesnut colt by Grand Flaneur from Sylvan (sister to Goldsbrough); a brown colt, by Maribyrnong from Adieu, by Blair Athol, is a grand bred one; and a filly, by Moorthorpe from Richmond Belle, reads like racing. Messrs. Sutton's Brucedale four are by John Bull, one being from The Fly (full sister to Angler and Fishhook), and another from Buby by Tim Whiffler from Amethyst The good old Byiong blood will be well represented, many of them being from mares belonging to winning families ; sad amongst Mr. James Lee's is a near relative of the colt that tbe Hon. James White gave a big price for last autumn. Mr. Kent will bave nine, seven of them being by Epigram.and one a full sister to Le Grand. ME, A. Benson has only two, but one is by Maribyrnong from Mona, a beautifully-bred mare, and if the youngster is sound and well shaoed.I hope a Victorian will purchase him. Mr. Hamilton, the secretary of the Tas manran Turf Club, informs me that the late meeting at Launceston was successful pecu niarily, a goodly profit being made on the two days.: There was ho totalisator inside the enclosure, but Schinnerling had one outside, and doring the two days nearly £1,000went through, the dub receiving about £50 forits share. Racing men niusfc not forget that tbe Bal larat Turf Club fa in the field with a pro gramme for Easter Monday. There are five events,chief amongat them being the Autumn Steeplechase taf 100 SOVB., ana the other events fere a Novel Selling Handicap of 50 whys.. HurdleBaceof76SOVB..EasterHandi cap of 75 BOVS.. obemile, and Trial Stakes of 20 8ovs. Entries will be received by the hoa secretary, Mr. A. H, Greenfield, up to 8 o'clock on Wedne»4ay evening, March 11. TClQ genetal entriefe torthe Els tern wick pittk meeting Qlo^e fct Jt& T, Haydon's office, 100 5Bourke-fitreet» flt;4 p. to. on Tpesday next, HacchlO. ' ' Acceptances aadgeneral entries for the ColacTurf Club li^Uhgare due on Monday nex&«M&r;£b9. Ownew «! npittes Ai^e reminded that the entries for the^wn meeting close at TUley's VictoriaHaret, Bburke^treet, at 4 iMn., fad with' the boa. secretary, Mr. G. Otuham, at 6 tfifton Monday, March 9. The principal eventis the "Melton Handicap ofOOSOTGU' -*--r i-j Entries forthetWlarook meeting close on Thursdarne^t,' Marchl2. . Tbe ftunnymede: entries dose on Monday l tegt«t very mtatfi to bear that Mr. George .Curtis is Suffering from serious illness. Mr. W. B.-Cox b$4 a narrow escape from being killed by .one of ljis employ on Mon day evening. 1 Jtajmears that Mr. Cox Bad a police court a German named pxaudenber. the ^ttet . summoning the pro prietor ol rfootiee^Valley for assault, out there was no! evidence in support of the chaise, it VafcdiimHjsed.' Branqenber after wards WQtfowlfouie, and Mr.Cox ordered UtmaWf^y; bathe tefiised to go, and drew out «knife«mdthriattoedto stab him. Seme that the man wa$ ia earnest, Mr. Cox took a .ttdc tedefofid-hinaelf, but, being rotten,it broke inhia hand,andBrandenber stabbedbim in the back "jieax jhe neck.' Sir. G&x;'s sop af this time interfered fosavehis father, and in the struggle hie also was stabbed in the thigh. One of Mr. Cox's men assisted to hold Brnndenber until Trooper Ash ton arrived and took him into custody. Mr. Cox, fortunately, was Hot very seriously injured, atid be ana his son were aide to be present -at the Moonee Valley meeting on Tuesday. The members of the Hawkesburv Race Glub committee are anxious to alter taedate of the second day of the H.R.C. autumn meeting from Saturday, March 28, to Friday March 27. Saturday, March 28, has been chosen by Beach and Hanlan for the match between them for the sculling supremacy of the world, and If the H. R.C. are compelled ? to adhere to the 28th the result will be a great pecuniary loss, as everybody will go to the boat race. All that is required is the con sent of the owners who have nominated for the Hawkesbury Handicap, and as no sports man would throw any obstacle in the way, I feel certain that the dub will have no diffi culty in arranging the dates as desiredL S. Floyd, the well-known steeplechase jockey, has commenced training on liis own account, and has in hand the jumpers Uhlan, Our Boy, and a Snowden colt. So experienced a horseman should, succeed as well as any man in schooling horses for the jumping game. Mr. Hurtle Fisher has been appointed a member of the Victorian Club committee, vice Mr. J. Wagner resigned. A bookmaker named Wood, having been declared a defaulter, was removed from the V.R.C. course by Mr; Wright on Saturday last. Mr. A. Saqui, who was so severely injured in the Cootamnndra railway accident, had re covered sufficiently to be present at the V. R.C. meeting on Saturday last, and Mr. H. Giles was also on the ground. Both were looking thinner, and Mr. Saqui had to use a crutch to assist him.in getting about. Sam Cracknell, by his victory on Coronet in the Newmarket Handicap, profited to the extent of something like t'2,000, a nice nest egg for the clever littlfe light weight, who, I'm glad to say, is gradually increasing his landed estate in the vicinity of Fleming ton. Still another good horse gone wrong. Mr. James Redfearn has had the bad luck to lose the services of Plunger for the V.R.C. autumn meeting, in consequence of an injnry to his near foreleg through an over reach. I have been requested by the secretary of the Victorian Club to announce that John Austin, of Sydney, and W. A. Wood, of Adelaide, have been posted as defaulters. Visitors to Moonee Valley on Tuesday last were numerous, and the sport was of a first class character. One couldn't wish for a better finish than that'for (he Hurdle Race, and the handicap which St. Lawrence won was a most exciting straggle. Mr. Connolly has the makings of a good jockey in Gardner; j who rode Angler, ana the manuer in which M. O'Brien sat down ar.d finished on St Lawrence was a treat to witness. I was glad to see the South Australians get back some of their Newmarket Handicap losses by back ing Surprise for the Trial Stakes, and there was general rejoicing at the success of Mr. VYhittiugham's colours in Our Visitors'Han dicap. Capital entries have been received for the Adelaide Cup and Goodwood Handicap, and they_ would nave Ijeen considerably increased had it not been for the condition which com ?died nominators to paySsovs. ia one and in the other race to see the weights. For the Goodwood Handicap there are 65 entries, including a few frpm New South Wales, several .from South Australia, and Tasmania, and one from New Zealand, 'ihe Adelaide Cup has filled with 63 entries, and the num ber includes The Assyrian, who has been put into work again, and may probably join the remainder of Mr. Agnew's horses at Flem ingtoa. Mr. J. D. Robertson purchased Coriolanus on Tuesday, and the son of Tubal Cam will help to swell the list at Kingston. By the mail steamer Mr. T. Warren, who has been absent 12 months, returned from India. Mr. Bond has received very fair entries for the minor events of the V. A.T.C., and i£ the handicaps are judiciously framed, there ought to be a capital day's sport at Caul field next Saturday. In the South Yarra Handicap there are 22, in the Steeplechase 19, and in the Hurdle Race 10. These, with the Oak Ieigh Handicap and Criterion Stakes, should be sufficient to satisfy all parties. A deputation from the Williamstown Rac ing Club waited upon the Railway Com missioners on Tuesday, and pointed out that owing to the absence of a platform visitors to Williamstown racecourse were compelled to alight from the train on to the ballast, a very difficult, task owingjto the adoption of con tinuous footboards. The commissioners acknowledged that a platform and siding were necessary, and stated that they were en deavouring to purchase a piece of land for the purpose of effecting alterations which would be acceptable to the Williamstown Racing Club. £f the land could he obtained at a reasonable price they intended to have the work finished in time to be available for the next race meeting; Wangaratta is in the field with a two-days' meeting, the dates chosen being March 24i [ and 25. There is a ead falling off in the value of the priees as compared with the days when first I visited Wangaratta, but the distances have been reduced to suit moderate horses, and I may here point out that entries foe the Wangaratta Handicap and T.C. Handicap will have to be made with the hon. secretary, Mr. Arthur Baynes, before 10 p.m. on Tuesday next, March 10. Attention is directed to an advertisement from the leading bookmakers announcing that they will settle over the V.R.C. meeting at the Victorian Club during Monday next Their clients will, therefore, assemble there to balance accounts. The Queensland Tnrf Clubrequires a secre tary, and applications ate Invited. Full par ticulars will be found in the advertisement columns, and itVUi be s&n; that communi munications will have to be made to Mr. J. M'Lennan, Brisbane, on or before Saturday, March 2l>' Mr. R. S.Wakley.of Sandhurst, has framed a programme for a race meeting to be held on the lSth March, on the Bendigo course, for the benefit of the wife and children of a miner named John Holhern, who was killed ih the Prince of Wales mine in February. There, are live events, and entries close with Mr. WaKley, at Sandhurst at 8 p.tit. on Monday next, March 9, when I hope there will be a libera! response from owners of hcrses. ; .. . The Newstead programme appears this week, and coqtaios seven events, the chief items being the Newstead Handicap. Ladies' Purse, au(? Hurdle Race.whicu mil close, with toe bon; secretewvMr. J. C. House, at Railway Hotel, Newstead, on Monday, March j SO. j At the Calcutta b£cqu4 mefeting tlieCooch Behar Cup tfas won by Hi. ApcpiVSometsefc, by Maribyrnobg, ffom Kftfyftftfce,' beating i Nulquinft. Trafalgaii Sir GwviUie, Sylvtujua^ and Regulator, Greenbalah bade The Ball yg&njje; Stakes was; won by the An* tralian nlldmgPakpnhaaviidden by Mr. Maitiana, who Tode Sylvanus in the Alipore Plate, bat Queensland, ridden by Gerard* gate him 211b. , and beat him. The Indian PtimUrf GastUe states that | Ryder leaves Lord W/ Bereaford's s«Th» at the end of the season. Ryder. I atn sorryto say, has had a leg broken through a horse named Euphrates running *him on- to the rails. The horse was Wind of an eye, and colliding with a post he knocked oat the other, Plausible having injured Ins near hind l^j and gone lame, had to be struck oatof his V.R.C. autumn engagements. AS a ran in the Australian Cap, with lGst 41b. upon his back, would have been a fruit less chase, and would in all probability have jeopardised Commotion's chance for the Champion Stakes, Mr. Pearson struck the old horse out of the Australian Cup on Tuesday. Bargo is in slow work again, and, all going well, will start for the A.J.C. St Leger. These owners who intend to nominate for the Hawkesbury meeting must bear in mind that the general entries close at 4 p.m. on Wednesday next, March 1L The events which have not yet closed include the Hurdle Race, of 100 sovs. ; Public Auction Stakes, of lOOsovs. : Railway Handicap, of 100 sovs. ; Shorts Handicap, of 100 sovs. Maiden Plate, of 100 sovs.; Selling Plate, oi 100sovs.; and Sportsman's Handicap, of 100 sovs. For the convenience of racing men in Victoria entries will be received at fhe V. R. C. office. ... The Wyndham meeting was held on a most inconvenient day, and, as a conse quence, the attendance was not numerous, nor were the fields large 1 didn't go down, but most of those who did seemed to think that Waverley -ought to have won both handicaps. His owner backed him pretty freely in the first, but didn't support him. with much spirit in the second. The colt's defeat is attributed to a stumble he made at the turn, and, failing to recover himself quickly, he lost so much ground that he could not make it up. At a meeting of tbe members of the Warr nambool Racing Club on Tuesday, it was decided to postpone the consideration of the proposal to charge bookmakers a fee. of three guineas. The Standard says: " A rough balance-sheet showing the position of the club was submitted. This showed that the gross proceeds of the Boxing Day meeting amounted to £124 lis. Gd. The subscription account showed that 46 members had paid, making £147. The expenses connected with the December meeting amounted to £175 3s., and other expenses ot a general character amounted to £30 Is. 3d. This with a previous balance left a credit balance of £10? 3s. 4d. The statement, however, does not show the true position of the club's affairs, there being £200 in the bands of the trustees, while a large number of subscriptions have yet to come in." Mr. J. G. Ware's resignation as a member of committee was received with re gret^ and Mr. Archibald, the former secretary, was appointed in his place. Mr. Umphelly, who is now secretary of the club, also re signed as a member of tbe committee, but as secretary, I'm sure he will do everything in his power to further the interests of the dub. In this capacity lie will have the able as sistance of Mr. Archibald, whs will be on the spot Messra. Jellie and St Quintin offered the office in which the jnjembers meet free of Charge for six months, and the chairman, Mr. E. D. Evans, made, some-very sensible re marks about advertising. \- Tbe case against H. Wi Rogers and F. Lammerse came on again in Tasmania last Monday, but the police withdrew the charge, as Mr. Kermode had stated that he had had no transactions with either. I cannot under stand why the police ever imported Mr. Ker uiode into the case at all. Mr. C. B. Fisher's filly by Piscator from Lady Spec has been named " Telescope." I must congratulate the Albury Racing Club on tbe acceptances received far the March meeting, 17 having declared content for tbe St Patrick's Day Handicap and 13 for the Albury Cup. The Cranbourne folks have no cause to com plain of the entries for the meeting they will hold on the 21st March. For the Hurdle Race nine horses have been nominated, there are 10 in the Steeplechase, and 15 in tbe Cranboume Handicap. Mr. Matthew Bryant has instructed Messrs. Yuille and Co. to dispose of the whole of his thoroughbred horses on Tues day, May 5. The Cairn Cnrran stud in cludes the stallions Lothair, Bosworth, and Royal Cdnsort, and the mares are of the very highest lineage. Messrs. W. Yuille and Co. will hold an important sale of horses at the Pastoral Hotel on Monday next when Mr. Agnew's string and a number of others will be sub mitted to public competition. Entries for the Ballon Handicap, Hurdle Race, and Flying Stakes dose with the honorary secretary, Mr. S. Cooper, Ballan Hotel, .Ballan, at 4 p.m. on Tuesday next, March 10. The Bunihyong Race Club will hold;a meeting on the Dog Trap Creek course on Friday, March 27. Entries dose with the secretary, Mr. S. Goode, at the Crown, Hotel, Buninyong, on Thursday, March 26. A correspondent signing himself "Ob server" writes to say that at the Blake ville meeting a most glaring case of pulling took place, but no notice was token by tha stewards. Unfortunately-there are maiu cases of this kind at more important gathep ings than that 6f Blakeville. W. Southall, who has made his mark ia India as a trainer, arrived in Melbourne by the mail steamer, and is again on the look out for a couple of good horses to take back with him; , ? -,\t Mr. Haitland will probably arrive fro® India by the first mail steadier. . H. Chifney, the. Remington trainee has requested me 'to caution tr&iueca; not to employ a jockey-named Gope, the lad having left his employment without consent > * -F^big that it ^as^OTdew^to^j^eteeVere On Tue^ay^eS^essre. Campbell, Pratt, find Co. wul dispose of 20 nteful horses by Tfa,e8*ie wU1 take place . As the Club taeet icgcommenMSon theSaHfey, the Etetera. May ^fhen tihe Goronet Cup, oi wjth a trophy^ralnfe 100 guineas, thegt MM D. M. Itobaftsbi^, -will be the ure of the pibgrainJxiie. . bile m. were absents Sheet capper, Mr. H. C. Dangar, and Mr. Horsfall, pfJSlew Zealand, were also present. Toe yearling colt Nihilist purchased by Mr. Gray at the sale of Sir Thomas Elder's hones, was subsequently bought by Mr. W. £. Dakin for Sir William Clarke. The other colts purchased by Mr. Dakin were also for Sir W illiam Clarke. Mr. A. F. Sullivan has disposed of Tately. The members of Bowes* Tatteraall's will settle over the V.RC. meeting at the club rooms at noon on Monday. Coronet, who injured his back in the Aus tralian Cup, is in the hands of a veterinary Burgeon, and though somewhat better than be was on Thursday, he is still very sore, and moves with difficulty. Sir Garnet broke a small blood vessel while running in the Bourke Handicap. FBIDAY Evenikg. The racing at Flemington to-day will com mence with the Maiden Plate, which tnay go to Stobnoway or METAL For the Nursery Handicap, 1 like nothing better than. MAN CHESTER, DELAMIA, and Ulalumk. In the Autumn Handicap the places may be filled by BROWN AND ROSK( Mikkuya, and IIIXOWOOD. Commotion, Frymgpan, Off Colour, Silver King, David, and Tremando will start for the Champion Stakes. If the going be Bound,, and the pace strong, COMMOTION ought to win, and I look upon Silver King and Oil Colour as his most dancrerouB opponents. The All-Aged Stakes should be won l>y MONTE Chbisto or Uralla ; and for the Free Han dicap I fancy BATrAitoi's, CONJECTURE, and Latin-GTOX. The following horses hare been struck out of tlicir V.R.C. engagements:-Lavington, Imperial, The Ghost, Corinthian Cup; T£cho, Hurdles; Antonio, Remus, Sres' Produce Stakes; Clifton, Steeplechase; Mosart, Dirk Hatteraitfk, Blink Bonny, Ftyingpan, Madcap, Garfield, Battailous, Xandppe, Claptrap, Gipsy's Warning', Country Boy, for. the Bourke Handicap; Commotion, Australian Cup ; Egbert, Ivnrsery Handicap; Bristol, Malua, Champion Stakes; Dirk Hatteraiok, the Free Handicap ; Royal Irish nail, The Plunger, Colstoun, Dictator, Stafford, King vf the Gipsies, for all engagements. 