'THE or TliK (iOLPEX ! runx r.v ok- >imi: Aror.-rrs s.\r..\\. IX.-MF.LBOIT.NK TO ADELAIDI farewell Melbourne the Marvellous, city I ni tvuerin^' warehouses. Parliament Houses ; -the new one as yet unfinished-law i courts, free libraries, a colossal post- j <uT;ce, a monumental town-hall, co!- J lc"e5, institute?, cathedrals chnrdr.'S ai:l i chapels innumerable, .st-t'-ly O -vorr.mcnt j ot'kes, multitudinous ilrinkin.; bars - of > whieh the sprightly barmaiJs are lhreate:H->i j with extinction usuler the »i.iustii^oi Mr. | Horry's r.ew Licensing Diil- Farewell Melbourne, city of handsome. elegant, and j v.eil patrur.LsiU theatres. The Australians I in penora! are deliriously i >r.i 01 "variety! shows." They iike t. pera ''OutVe well enough. 1 They will patronise a hi-bly-spiced sensa- j tional melodrama of the '* World'" or '"In! tue Kauks' type : but they dote on circuses. | and regard tlie buffooneries of a ui^er enter-; taisiuient as sweet mcrcels to be rolievl ; beneath the tongue. AtiJ bnakspeare! j Weli, such tragedians as Charles Kean, ciustavus V. liruoke, Darry Sullivan, Thomas i Creswick, and Walter Montgomery-t he eifi.ry j of the last-named gentleman as Llauilet is j lobs found in ail the Australian ivax-work j exhibitions-have gathered both fame unc. j ui'j;'.L*y in the Southern IK".!i'^.n':cre: h::t that i was in days gone by. What the present j generation oi Australians would say to j thakspeare without a star actor or a:tres£ <_f the very lirst water in the leading cha racters, I am sure that I do not know. On the other hand, thousands who knew not a word oi Tuscan-rushed t . hear llistori; and thousands mere unfamiliar even with the | lYencii of Stratford-atle-Dowe, would rush to ? hear -arah Bernhardt. j Farewell, then, M-lljDurne. cliy of clubs J that are solemn, and clubs tnat are eprighriy, J but all ovjrtlowin^ with tiioti/iitiui itouriesy and K-iierous hospitality all ready to be extended-from the puissant Melbourne Club, the resort of the proti lest merchants and bankers and the most patrician squatters, I to the genial Yorick, the chosen haunt jut the wits anl scholars ot Melbourne -to the wanderer from afar. Fare . «viI, cheery and traternal Masonic club ; ! iarev.ol!, "'Mutual Imps,'' although circum stances over which 1 had n<j control pre I vented me i'r.-ni participating in your inno cent (/iVcViv ? farewell to ail the doctors, and especially farewell to all tiie Drobdii.s lu^ian bani.s in Collins-street I cannut help it 1 have been mildly accused by iilends in tiii? country of having "bank on tl.e brainand such, perhaps, may be tiie case. but, I repeat, I can !». >t help it. When yuu lirst visit Venice, do not the palaces on the Grand Canal take your breath away i At Pisa are ynju not continually haunted by the Lean ni=r Tower? At Moscow is not the image ot the Kremlin ever before you ? In Australia generally, and in Melbourne in particular, it is the banks that hauut you, and subdue i your sense to one absorbing feeling ot wonder and reverence for the- -power of Mammon. The Dank of Australasia, a massive pile of the Doric crder ; the London Clustered Bank in the Gra-co- Italian style, the Dank of Victoria, the Dunk of New South Wales, the Commercial Dank oi Australia how many mure banks there may be in Collins- street I am inejmpetent to tell; for these palaces of finance, now of marble, now <jf bluest one, now of Kangaroo l'oint stone, beset me on every side. IiombarJ-street, Lolhbury, King William-street, Loudon, 1-j.C. -they must all hide their diminished heads before the banks of Collins-street, Melbourne. The Colonna and the Orsini, the Frangi panni and the ^avelli, tl>> Doria and the C'descalchi, built no doubt very grand palaces at Dome, 'lhere are some very sumptuous [ palaces, too, at Florence and at Genoa; but these by buildings do not mean money. The banking palaces of Melbourne do. They are so many cash castles. They smell of riches. As you pass, it seems as though you heard the fingering by deft tellers of the crisp bank notes within-a sound, to money-loving ears, more musical than the rustling of Frou- frou's lobe of silk; till you remember that the certi ficates of indebtedness, payable on demand, of the Australian banks are not always crisp. Indeed they bec&me;, in the remote " back blocks," after much bandying to-and-fro among squatters, "free selectors," drovers, publicans, and storekeepers, very soft, greasy, aud dirty indeed, But they are always sweet to look upon. Farewell notes of the Drobdingnagian Melbourne banks. I must not, in worldly wisdom, take any of you to Adelaide; for in the neighbour ing colony of South Australia the paper currency of Victoria and other colo nics can only be cashed subject to a dis count of sixpence in the pound. I shall find another cu6tom-housc too, at Adelaide, another tariff, and another postage stamp and the Federation Enabling Dili has just passed through the Imperial Parliament I wonder how many wiseacres there are at heme who are cherishing the illusion that the Australian colonics intend, in red-hot haste, to federate thoroughly and effectively, as the United States have federated. Meanwhile, farewell Melbourne-until, at Jeast, I return to survey thy marvels again, t including thy big batchers' shops, thy brilliant suburbs, thy crowded omni buses, thy splendid Botanical Garden, thy remarkable Waxworks, atad Mr. Cole's book arcade in Bourke-street A big steamer awaits me at the wharf, and I am bound for Adelaide. The passage from Melbourne to the sea is -I am afraid to the chuckling delight of the worthy people of Sydney-neither facile nor dignified. It might not be so very caluminous to call the waterway from the astound ing metropolis of Victoria to Williamstown "right mean." That is an American locu tion, but it is expressive, with tolerable terseness, of the General aspect of the Hiver Yarra Yarra. Did not Richard Cobden once place on contemptuous record the fact that lie had cleared, at a single bound, one of the most famous of the classical rivers of Attica ? I should say that an Old Man kangaroo of ordinary rapacity might be warranted to clear the Yarra Yarra, at Melbourne, in a couple of hops. But what the stream lacks in breadth it makes up for in depth; for the steamer which is to cotavey me to the fair city of Adelaide is a mighty' ship, and Bite, with craft as huge, comes right UP to Melbourne wharf. On the other haua, the immense' steatn galleons of the Peninsular and -Oriental, the Orient, and the French Messageries Mari times lines come no nearer Melbourne than Williamstown, which is at the south point of the eatuary of the Yarra, on the south-west shore of llohsoii's Bay, and distant dome eight miles from Melbourne, with which it is con nected by railway. Opposite Williams <*>wn, on the other {Bide of the bay, Is Sandndge, now called Port Melbourne, whwh is at only two miles ana a half , by rail from (he city. The Sydney people, justifiably croud of their enchanting ' hirbour, do not fail t-~> rub tlieir hnnds wit i glee- figuratively sivaking-wlicn tne> rt>oa i the exiguity of the Yarra : while the peacetu I inhabitants of the smiling phorc* i'-ay, the extensive west arm of 1'ort 1 lulltp, are never tired of tellinz you thnt.it a., towns had their rights, and justice were ur ne wnere justice was due, the metropolis ot \ ictoria would not be at Melbourne ar a)i, but at Gee'ong. I have been to (ieelong, and like it ranch. Including: its outlying suburbs, it may have, at the present time, a population , of twenty thousand. It will have a popula tion of titty or a hundred thousand some ot i these days-say when its local manufactures have been fully developed, when the transcon- j tineutal railway is built, and c.yhe labour, j or some other labour, is brought in to render j fruitful the almost unparalleled resources ot j this vast and, comparatively speaking, un inhabited continent. Then there will IK? plenty of mechanics nn<t labourers ami domestic servants obtainable for moderate waxes. Then good co>ks will abound, and your wealthy friends will be able to ask you to dinner at their own houses ;then there will be a little less cricket and football, a little less racing and rowing, and a little more culture .if art and letters; ar.d then there will be the millennium, aud the banks will all sratiiy their shareholders v. ith a dividend of a thou sand per cent per annum. Alnaschar. itinerant dealer in ylass and crockeryware, you are dreaming again over your basket. Hilt Geelong, on the pleasant shores of Corio Hay, is certainly somewhat of a dreamy place. The steamer Adelaide is a noble vessel, well-built-at Glasgow. And. <-i course, one may almost say-well-maimed, well-focvd, and well-appointed, in every w.iy. _ln Captain Lockyerslie has a gallant and efficient com mander. Likewise are her saloons and state rooms illuminated by the electric light The Adelaide is also excellently well ven tilated, and her 'tween decUs must be in summer time deliriously coo!. The d:ning saloou is far down below, with a lofty coved glazed ceiling ; and here, in the scorching monihi of January and February, the atmosphere must be so delightfully tempered as to render punkahs and wind-satis all but unnecessary accessories to ventilation. Ye3 ; her saloon, prettily painted, and decorated with panels oi fancy woods, curiously inlaid and bril liantly polished; with her airy little sinokiug room, with its tesselated llcoring, displaying tbo mot to "Advance Australia," ami the antipodean heraldic devices ot the emu, the kangaroo, and the golden Jleece we Bhall have an Australian King of Arms some of these days, and "Toison lioy" 6hould be bis title!-with her well tilted bathrooms, her pianoforte, and the canaries warbling in their cages high up in the cove above the saloon table- the Adelaide is altogether a summer ship, and a delightful one in which tospeud the 40 hoursor so in which, when the weather is fair, the sea trip from Melbourne to Adelaide should be accomplished, llut the railway between the capitals of Victoria and South Australia is being actively pushed forward ; and ere long, it is to be hoped, there will be uninterrupted railway communication between Adelaide. Melbourne, and Sydney, and ultimately Bris bane and Northern Queensland. At present it can scarcely fail to strike the traveller from home that, ludicrously ignorant as vast numbers of English people are of things Australian, the colonists themselves do not know nearly so much about one another as they should do. They are too far apart socially speaking. They have too few in terests in common; at least, they erroneously imagine that they have too few. The great Australian newspapers publish daily a few snappy telegraphic items of intelligence; and a Melbourne journal has its periodical Adelaide letter, a Sydney paper its periodical Brisbane one, and a Ilobart paper its Sydney or Melbourne one, and rice vers:i all round ; and still, save at the clubs and at the mechanics' institutes and schools of arts libraries, there seems to be only a very slight exchange of intercolonial journalism ; and the politics, the social economy, the literary, and artistic progress of one colony appear to excite only a very languid amount of interest in the others. I can well remem ber when a similar condition of apathetic indifference among sister colonies "existed in the British possessions in North America. Montreal knew nothing, or pro fessed to know nothing, about Quebec ; while Toronto expressed proiouud contempt tor the "two French towns," as the go-a-head western city disdainfully dubbed the capitals of Lower Canada. As for Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, and Prince lid ward Island, the Canadians were socially aud politically unani mous in agreeing that the colonics inhabited by the Blue Noses" were not worth talking about, or thinking about, at all. 1 was_ in Canada when the schemc of federation was being hotly and acrimo niously discussed, and in many instances held up in unmeasured terms to obloquy and ridicule as a wholly impracticable and illusory idea. Yet the Dominion of Canada has been for a considerable number of years an accomplished fact Of whether that magni ficent federation is a success or the contrary the Canadians should be the best judges. As for Australian federation, the plan for making it a reality is as yet in a very shadowy and nebulous condition. When it is to come aud in what form-its latest phase of discus sion being u "chippy," half-querulous corre spondence between Mr. Service, the Premier ot Victoria, and Sir Alexander Stuart, the Premier of New South Wales-how am I, a stranger and a novice in the land, to tell? The gentlemen who live at home at ease in England, who have never visited the Aus tralian colonies, or, having visited them, have merely ecampered througli the land, sojourn ing it may be, just 40 hours in one capital and 30 hours in another, have quite made up their minds on the subject of federation, Imperial and intercolonial 1 can onlv vouch for the things which I have seen, and argue from experience of other lands. In unfede rated Australia there seems to be too wide a gulf between each colony. They are all justi fiably proud of their relations to Kngland ; but they arc not. so it strikes me, sufficiently proud of their relations to each other. Be yond the droll jealousy which is Baid to exist between the two maguificent cities of Sydney and Melbourne-the New South Welshmen declare that it is the Melbournians who are jealous of Sydney, while the Victorians as vehemently assert that it is the New South Welshmen who are jealous of Melbourne there would not appear to be the slightest reason for ipy rivalry, save one of the most amicable nittpre among this beauteous band of colonial sisters. But that such a rivalry -talcing, as it very frequently does, the form' of cross-grained disparage ment-does, to a certain degree, exist in the Australian colonies seems to me palpable. Still, one need not be a fanatical believer in nostxums, political, social, and otherwise. Federdatton may not prove a "cure all" Federated Columbia is not exempt from in ter-state and inter-civic rivalries of the dis paraging kind. Chronic jealousy, quite as comical as tbat which is said to exist-mind / do not W that it does exist-between Sydney end Melbourne, has long prevailed between Boston and New York and between Chicago and St. .Lours ; while, complacently impartial, California derides the whole of the communities on the other side of the Uockv Mountains as "those eastern folk." It is the way of the world and of human nature. Perhaps Bath doea not think so much of Cheltenham, or Scarborough of either. Edinburgh may iovc Glasgow only as a step sister, and Liverpool may secretly think Manchester a vastly overrated town. The rivalry between Dover and Folkestone is as old as the Saxon Heptarchy, and many cen turies have passed since the people of Dover have claimed intellectual supremacy, hotly contested by their rivals, over the people of Folkestone. The claim in question does not appear to have any basis more substantial than the tradition that the body of a drowned man was, once upon a time, washed on shore between Dover and Folkestone. On one of the lingers of the corpse there was a diamond ring. " ltun for a knife !" cried the Dover people. The simple-minded Polke9tonians ran for a knife; but ere they returned the astute Doverians had bitten off the dead man's finger, diamond ring and all. Should a similarly grim contingency arise on the l'acilic shore, I wonder whether Sydney or Melbourne would get the best of it Among the thing3 which the Wise Man of old declared to be utterly incomprehensible to him was the way of a ship on the sea. The way of a big steamer working her way down the winding course of the Yarra Yarra into ilobson's Bay is to the untechnical mind equally inscrutable. A Bnakier stream I never saw. It turns and turns, it wriggles and twists, in seemingly end- i less sinuosity. It has been said inj humorous paradox that ihat famous ex-1 ample of engineering, the "corkscrew" rail way, through the Simmering Pass be-1 tween Vienna and Trieste is the only railway in Europe on which a passenger can sec-so continuously doe3 the rraiu twist and twirl-the tiape of his own neck. The "zig !zag" lines in the mountain ranges of New I South Wales are also snflii-iently astounding j in their aberrations from rectitude, but ! surely the crooked est line, so far fti a water j way is concerned, is that of the Yarra. It has been most discourteously and calumniously styled by those who ought to know better a dirty ditch. It is not one ; it is a very river, and it keeps itself as clean as it can. In the direction of cleanliness, circumstances over which it has no control incapacitate the Yarra from doing much. Even as I things stand at present, vessels drawing i l-lMt. of water can get up to the Melbourne j wharves at ordinary tide?, and lift at high tide, and this depth is to be augmented. | Within the last ei^lit years the depth has been increased more than 2ft., and ere long the serpentine course of the Yarra maybe obviated by the construction of a canal to Sandridge. The deepening of the entire channel would ouly cost between a million and a million and a halt sterling-a mere llcabite for Marvellous Mel bourne. Pend ing the cutting of the canal or the widening and further deepening of the Yarra Yarra, the noble steamer Adelaide crept and crawled along her tortuous course as though, like James If., she had an incurable pro pensity for dark and crooked ways. Ever a ad anon there seemed the highest probability of her plunging her stem into this or that bank of the river. Over and over again the pro spect of her sticking in the mud became imminent; but she passed through all her ordeals triumpnantly. I am growing case hardened in the matter of asccnding and descending Australian rivers. You fol low the course of a nobly broad stream up to Brisbane, and of a tolerably spacious waterway, the Fitzroy Hiver, to ltock hampton in Queensland ; but I have had sore travail in getting up and down the Hiver Mary-prettiest of names!-to Maryborough. There, more than once, our steamer has literally stuck in the mud, and we have had to wait till the next tide to get oft again. The brave Adelaide, skilfully conned, stuck not in any mud. Grandly did she shave Fisherman's Bend, and emerge into the open of Hobson'a Bay, and so, leaving, the wharves and warehouses and the forests of masts behind her, bid adieu to Sand ridge and Williamstown, and begin, like a thing of life, to walk the waters of the Pacific Ocean. That is to say, at about half-past 4 in the afternoon-we had left the wharf at Melbourne soon after 3-we began to roll consumedly. Not so severely, however, as we were destined to roll on our return : for the Adelaide, outward bound, had a large cargo, and was deep in the water. On the return trip she brought home only a very small cargo, and rolled incessantly. Well, it is tatter perhaps to roll than to pitch, and better for a ship to do both than to be wrecked Whatever may be the state of the weather there is, in the calmly constituted mind, happily situated in a body not subject to sea sickness a condition of feeling which very often borders upon unminglcd felicity. No newspapers, save, perchance, on a long ocean voyage, the little gossiping gazette printed on board, and in which you may pen with im unity-should you be. privileged to contri ute to it-the merest rubbish. No poet, and consequently no letters. Oh, the joy of nobody writing to you ! The faculty of being lazy without exposing yourself to rebuke for your indolence, for all your fellow-passengers are as lazy as you are. All these wings you should be grateful for on the free and unconGned ocean; but both aea and land have for me another and the strangest of attractions -a charm almost-in Australia. There comes over you from time to time, suddenly, involuntarily-now on shipboard, now in a railway train, now in the weird and ghastly bnsh and the jungle-like mallee scrub now in a . weatherboard ehanty, and now in a Cobb's coach - now in a coay club smoking-room or a brilliantly lit theatre the illusion that you ore Dead that you have had at least a foretaste of death, without its bitterness. Were you alone on a deeert island the feeling might be of a different nature. You would be only alone, and nothing more. Bat here, fn this newest of new worldB, in these crowded cities, or in these wilds full of skeleton trees, you are impressed somehow or another with the conviction that you have done for good and ell with the world in jvnleh you tiised to dwell, and with the life wlxich you once led. You seem to be conversing all day ' long with ghosts. They thay be friendly § hosts, affable ghosts, hospitable ghosts ; nt they all seeip to have abandoned their corporeal existence, as jron were con versant with It* a very long time ago. The dead past 'seems to be alt at once revived, but in a fugitive, shadowy, ephe meral manner: One aay a very ancient lady, stately in btjusk satin and'lace, calls on you and- tells you that she used to dandle you in her arms when you were a baby 50 years ogo.1 On the mprrow a very old gentleman pays you a viKit lie describes'a namesake of yours with Whom he was acquainted In Lon don in the year 1822; and mentally compar ing this description with a certain miniature which you have at home,18.000 miles away, you arrive at the conclusion that rour name sake was your 6wn father, who died in the year 1828, and whom yon never saw. But the old lady and the old gentleman agam. Disembodied *piih£ Sl!? <*u>e reverend gentleman drone hL ruT A Oremn at Christ's Hospital WC brother of youra, who has beeu rtl? d<*r open 30 years, was in "Great \\\ ere you or anotherbrotherot yo«A clerk of a stipendiary magistrate wfm "4* rithea Commissioners in SomeiLSA the year liB39. You must aaess?rfiir&s55; Ilere is the polite landlord of an t.5?"1 country in New South Wales. He ^ ^ clown in the very first pantomime that»^ I remember having seen, and is Uud&bW;* of still keeping up his annual suWrmfP,!0^ the Royal Geneial Theatrical fS v10 shake hands with him after havin-a I all his questions touching poPulari?yTf Henry*It^Fand C&1 and yon will never see him. ag∈ ^ ghosts; that is, they come like shadow. ,"i so depart There is, I have heard, a £25 body of bibliopoles in London of whomvj. liernliard Quaritch or Mr. Wyman tmvt aware, nnd who are called " The oZ I Volumes." Australia is the country *hw» you fall across the odd volumes of hnmanit» Everybody's brother. Everybody's nephew The sweethearts whom you have talked to I ranch pleasant nonsense to, now grown to ; be austere dames and grandmothers, The scapcsraccs and toe'er- doweels who von thought must have died at least a ration since have become persona iu authority-potent, grave, and rcve^A seignors. but surely they cannot be alive. I Surely you are dead, and these are but phantoms. But you awaUe from the i illusion when you find yourself anxiouslr 1 consulting the shipping advertisements in the newspapers to makesurc of the day when | the Orient steamship l'otosi will leave Wii. liarostown for London, or when the P. anl I O. steamship Valetta will arrive out fn»m ! home, both noble vessels carrying Ulc Majesty's mails; you are pleasantly con I vinced that you live when yon read iu the tele i graphic intelligence of 't'ht Argt« or the I Sydney Morning Herald that consols in I^n I don have risen to 09g. Excelsior! as to con sols. ltesurgam! as to yourselL Australia is no shadowy land with Necropolis for its capital. It is a country tuli of man and maid -teeming with very live tlesh and blood folk. It is only you who have grown old, and who, in your time, have known so many sorts and conditious of people. 