AMERICAN BREVITIES. (Detroit Free Press.) Vanderfailt's annual income, if paid in gold, would weigh ten tons. Sir Moses Montefiore died worth about $3,000,000. Marshal Rgy».fTip is said to be in DeceasitouB The Tndinnq have given Sheridan the namp of 'Thpw4innlry.man-whn- rnpa.TiB.hTiflinftfiB.' Princefas Beatrice is a great walker, and it is thought she will make Battenberg step around too. Sir Mowi Montefiore is - **w.Hp^ by one of his eulogists the most illustrious Jew since David and Solomon, Dr. Sir Henry Thompson advances the opinion that civilized man suffers more from Francis EL Underwood, the successor of Bret Harte as Consul at Glasgow, was the first editor of the Atlantic Monthly. Fifteen million horses are now owned in America, and more than 1,000,000 a year must be bred to keep up the supply. The Canadian troops came home covered with scars and glory, and they deserve all the praise the people can bestow. An Indiana lawyer recently won thirteen lawsuits before the same justice, and iext day the justice Vuui a new horse and buggy. Berry Wall, 'the King of the Dudes,' is said to change his clothes as often as several times an hour in order to astonish his ad* tnirers and emulators. Spain is entitled to no sympathy in its dis tress over the cholera scourge. Vice, ignor ance, and iBTinwa are an oSset to all the No Japanese bank was ever known to faU. This is because the stockholders know they would lose their heads when depositors lost their cash. Wiggins has quit predicting the weather. He says if be hits it nobody will give him credit, and if be misses everybody is anxious 'What is the best thing for potato bugs?' asks a rural subscriber. Up to the hour of going to press nothing has been found more satisfactory tban potatoes. The thrifty Mark Twain will not be oat of pocket by Grant's death. By the sale of his memoirs he and his firm will pocket the same amount as goes to the family of the departed (ieneral. Baltimore is tbe paradise of scoundrels. The jail is not big enough to hold all tbe de serving, and 213 have been turned out be cause tlieir presence endangered the health of the inmates. New Orleans is the real snmmer resort. pcrature in New York was 9G degrees, in Washington 99 degrees, .in Philadelphia 97 degrees, and in New Orleans, the most southern of the four cities, 32 degrees. The husband of Princess Beatrice cannot speak F-ngHih, and she will have to give him a piece of her mind in Dutch. Tbe mosquito nniaawnn is avoided in Florida by throwing oil into pondt and standing water, which prevents the insects irem hatch ing. Joaquin Millw says that no man ever wrote anything good an an empty stomach. Lots of people hare an idea that he is a great A New York court has decided that a bag pipe is a public nuisance — something which should be suppressed if it takes all the law in '* A relick of the dark ages of barbarism,' is what a Wisconsin legislator said of the gal lows. He was probably afraid of being hung for his orthography. ' It takes a superior woman to be an old maid,' says Miss Medgewick. But a very in ferior man can make them change their minds without half trying. If you have a. corn you. don't want to carry through the season rub it gently with fresh banana peeL If a cure isn't effected you can say that some one has lied. The King of Dahomey meant to get along with 3,000 wives, but the hard times coming on last year he took pity on the unprovided and increased his family circle by fifty. Lord Tennyson's fpoem on the marriage of the Princess Beatrice is referred to as an epi tJin]ntninm by one writer. W hen poetry gets awful bad it is hdrd to find a name for it A bottle of pure ink was, by an awkward mistake, opened for port wine at a Detroit supper. The fin-t inkling the guests had of it was when they wiped their tiymtfot with their It is the opinion of Sam Jones, the nationalist that the upper class of society sadly needs reforming. He is not the fust delegate from the lower class who has made this discovery. It is rumoured that the late Mrs. Tom Thumb is not happy with her Italian hus band. He 'bosses' her too much, while Tom used to submit to henpecking without & A Philadelphia woman having a $500 house built for her pet terrier. If the dog hasn't; any more sense than bis owner he will probably move in when the structure is com pleted. Worth published a black list of people who wouldn't pay tbeir debts, and tee result is fifty-one suits for slander. Nothing eo hurts the'feelings of a dead-beat as to let the public know hi*i game. Victoria Woodhull writes home that she is appreciated for her own true worth in Lon don. Her stock oi ' own trne worth n wasn't large enough to be discovered in this country.* Paris has just lost an aged citizen who drank ten bottles of wine every day of his life for tie last twenty -two yeara, but a score or more of men are trying to work op to take bis place. The King of Bavaria ib as hard up for ready money as any American doctor. His income for years ahead has been pledged, and he has mortgaged everything which anybody would advance money on. They had a lottery in a coloured Georgia church last week, with a rocking chair aa the grand prize. The 200 people who didn't get it ftp *?'-*! to and busted th«» chair, the church and the head of the lucky man. living tableau t in the open air are the stylish ' ttiti gymffl ttfi v- summer. Skilled ftrtiste arrange them, or famous pictures are repro duced, and the fair amateurs are said to out strip the artiste of the ballet In t^if nudeununer westiier the electric light is destroying moths, bugs and insects of all WttI' by the million. In some pia^pw a single globe yields op every morning from a pint to ft Quart of dead insects. Miss Louisa H. Alcott said recently when seasick on board an AtlnntffT steamer : ** They name ships Asia and Persia and Scotia ; I wonder why it doesn't occur to somebody to name one Nausea ?** An Oregon woman said she would haunt her husband if he married again. She died and he married, and now her ghost yanks tiitn out of bed 'H stands him on his head, and he feels that life is not worth the living. In China, when one citizen kills another by accident, the decree is that the survivor shall pay the heirs of the deceased a sum amounting to about sixty-eight cents. This makes people careful about pointing unloaded guns at each other. In striking at a mosquito with a towel a hotel guest in San Francisco demolished a $300 chandelier. He refused to pay^and the court held that a mosquito was a public nuisance which a landlord was bound to abate or suffer A Kansas man produces a mass of curious figures and Bible prophecies to prove that the world is coming to au end in 1S99. Bat the little boy answered tins as well as all other like prophecies when he asked : ' How can it come to an end when it is round ? ' Prof. Proctor deprecates the idea that '* there were giants in those days.' He says it may well be doubted whether at any time in the past history of the earth the average size of the ten largest creatures by sea and land exceeded the average size of the ten largest species now existing. Karl Blind claims that Victor Hugo was of German origin, and, a. Frenchman only by the accident of circumstances. He states that the great poet's first name Victor, is really only a Franco-Latin substitute for the true name of Hugo's father, Sigisbert, which means ' bril liant with victory.' He says that there is ample documentary evidence to prove tbat Victor Hugo's ancestors were German arti ' What do you suppose I'll look like when I get out of this ?' snapped a young lady at a conductor of an overcrowded sfreet car. l* A good deal like crnshed sugar, miss,' said the bell-ringer AndtheyoungUdyhnngontothe strap and rode four miles further with the smile of &n; ftpgp!i . Mary Ann Connolly, the New York dress maker and importer, a woman who by her own efforts carved out a great fortune, is just now a familiar figure at Long Branch. She owns eight of the handsomest cottages at tbat fashionable resort, representing in the aggre gate a third of a million of dollars. The last that she has erected is a magnificpnt strnctnre, near Mr. Child's villa at Elberon. It is splendidly decorated* t-hp dining-room being panelled in porcelain. It is worth $80,000. 