ITEMS OF NEWS. The cutric3 for the forthcoming 1'astoral and Agricultural Association's Show arc coming in very freely, and intending ex hibitors aliould not lose remembranco of the fact that Tuesday next, the 1st September, will ho the last day for entering. It will bo seen by an advertisement in another place that the prize-lists, regulations, and entry forms can bo obtained upon application to Mr. R. 15. Wood, tho secretary. The following are the names of tho mem bers of tho teams selected for tho football match at Junco this afternoon :—Wagga 0\. Hardy (captain), Jlongan, X'crriman, E. Williams, Spies, J. Cox, J. Spriug, Ward, tiriiiiu, Pike, JJeimy, Higgius, Uorinly, Tompsou, It Spring; emergencies, H. Hardy and Hummel, Junco Juuctiou — Parker (captaiu), Oswald, Glarksou, Williams, Auli, Juiuiesou, Ewulls, Dixou, Commiugs, Wark, Laidlaw, Crawley, Trclour, Phillips, and Smith; umm't'oiicics, Heady, Holmes, aud Koberts. In last Tuesday's Government Gazette the following additional Ucgulntiou, No. 183, made in pursuance of the Crown Lands Act of 1SS4, is notified "Tlio forms to housed by the public for the transaction of all matters required to be done by tlio Crowu Lauds Act of 1881 and the Kegulatious, shall those published by authority uud at- tlio Government Printing Office. None other will lie recognised or accepted." This regula tion appears to have been framed for the sole purpose of driving business into the Govern ment 1'rintiug Office, for thoro appears to be no other reason ; and wo fail to ace what objection can bo urged to the use of forms printed elsewhere, provided they arc jac nhnilt of those required by the Act. In mauy instances th2 insistanee upon the uew regulation will cause positive loss to those agents and others residing up country who have had a 'supply of the various forma printed for the use of their constituents. Dukisg the week a number of workmen have been busily engaged, under the super intendence of Mr. Meldrum, Road Engineer, in building the retaining wall at tho side of the Wollundry Lagoon bridge nearest the causeway on the KiUmauriec-strcct side of the lagoon, and we look forward to the bridge being shortly thrown open for traffic. It is announced in another column that the members of the Loyal Southern Star Lodg,e M.U., I.O.O.F., intend holding athletic sports on the racecourse, on the Prince of Wales' Birthday, 9th November. A programme is promised in a future issue. Tub Minister for Public Instruction, by an advertisement elsewhere, invites tenders for repairs to the Public .School buildings at Forest Hill, near Wagga. At noon to day Mr. A. T. Bolton will sell by auction, at the Australian Hotel, the right of the booth at the P. and A. Associa tion's Show Grounds on the show and sale days, the 8th, Oth and 10th proximo, and also the privilege of the gates for tho same days. On Thursday evening Ridge's Circus again performed to an excellent audience, and the various feats of horsemanship gave great satisfaction. The appearance of the juvenile giant created much merriment, and the after piece, "A Ghost Story," sent everybody i away in good humour. I Last evening a meeting of the Daughters of Temperance was held at the Temperance Hall for the purpose of presenting tho follow ing address:—"Mr. H. J. Wilkhis, D.G. WP. Dear Sir and Bro.,—We, the members of the Hope of Wagga Division, have much pleasure in asking your acceptance of the accompanying small tokeu of our apprecia tion of the numerous and valuablo services rcudercd by you to our Division during the many years of your brotherhood with us. We also desire to place on record our ad miration of your sterling qualities as a consistent advocate of tempcrancc. We trust you may loug be spared to labor for the benefit of our great cause." [Here follow 33 signatures]. The address was accompanied by a gold triangle, havingengravedon one side of it the inscription, Presented to H. J. Wilkins by the Daughters of Temperance," and on the reverse side the motto "Love, Purity, Fidelity." A pleasant evening was passed by thecompauy, the proccdings being enlivened by some interesting addresses and music. It is announced by the ticv. J. H. Wil liams, acting-incumbent, that divine ser vices will be held iu the now church, at Coolamon, to-morrow morning at 11 a.m., aud in the afternoou at 3 o'clock. If there is one mean and contemptible act anyone cau be guilty of it is that of pilfering and destroying flowers placed by the loving hands of sorrowing relatives upon the graves of those they have lost. Yet we are ashamed to add that this offence is fre quently committed at the Wagga cemetery, where Mr, C Baumer, the gardener, finds it extremely difficult to preserve the proper ap pearance of the graves entrusted to his charge Probably if the trustees were to offer a liberal reward the violators of all decency would be detected, when punish ment could be easily dealt out to them. Duiiisc the week Mr. Thornc, acting on behalf of theColonial Architect's department, has been engaged upon the site of the new gaol, taking the necessary levels to enable the plans to be completed. Apropos of the gaol wc understand that the authorities have' at last recognised the want felt of greater accommodation for the gaoler here, and that Mr. Rankin has been authorised to expend the sum of £100 in providing himself with offices adjoining the present building, This will tide him over the summer, at the end of which we hope to see the nosy gaol a good way advanced towards completion. Ox Saturday next, the 5th September, a public meeting is announced to be held at Moouey's Junction, Inn at 2 o'clock p.m., to arrange details for the advocacy of a branch railway from Coolamon uorthwards. The weather yesterday was exceedingly warm, and tho appearance of the barometer leads to the hope that a chaugo to rain is not far off. Captain E. M. Battyc, Superintendent of Police for the Murray District, has just completed his tour of inspection of the Juneo, Narandera, and Wagga stations, aud has expressed his entire satisfaction with the appearance of the members of the force and tuoir quarters at the rcspectivo places. The Superintendent, who left Albury on Monday last, returned there yesterday morning. Ox Thursday a slaughtering license was granted to Patrick Walsh, of Mundawaddera. Tjieuk has ouly been one case at the Police Court since Tuesday last, that of John Williams who was ou Thursday fiued 20s, or ono week's imprisonment, for drunkenness. Referring to the prospectus of the Per severance Gold Miniug and Crushing'Com pany at Yarrara, which appears in auothcr column, it has been found that tho stone at grass, estimated to be about 1000 tons, is gold-beariug and will probably yield at the rate of an ounce to the ton. This stone was discarded by the late proprietors of the mine (Messrs. Day aud M*Lellan) as not beiug sufficiently rich to justify crushing with the very indifferent appliances at their disposal. Wo understand that this stone will now become the property of the now company. By au advertisement iu another column tenders are iuvitcd from persons willing to cater for tho aunual Show dinner, to take place on Wednesday,' the Oth September. Mr. N. Emanuel has annouueed his in tention to become a candidate for the Tumut electorate. Yesterday an auctioneer's district license was granted to Johu Jeremy. We may remind intending competitors at the inaugural match of the Murrumbidgee Gun Club that next Tuesday is tho last day for receiving entries. From tho number already received, and the fact that a good supply of strong birds has been obtained, the meeting should prove a successful one! As advertiseineut iu another colutuu noti fies that a geuoral meeting of free selectors will bo hold at Mr. L. Corbett's Hotel, Upper Taroutta, on Saturday afternoon at 2 o'clock sharp. The committee will meet two hours earlier. wTiie following letter has been received bjj instaut .'—"Under separate cover by this post I send you what I believe to be a rabbit akin. The animal was caught by a selector uamed Stallworthy, when hunting kangaroos in ono of my paddocks, near the Kindra boundary, and not far from the railway lino. I have carefully examined the paddock where the animal was caught, but canuot find any trace of rabbits." We see Mr. Corthorn, of tho Palace Em porium, is, as usual, first in tho field with his new drapery. Wo do not profess to be judges in these matters, but must confess we never saw, to our mind, such beautiful specimens of manufacture as ho is showing. Adv. In* another column will bo found an ad vertisement by tho Council Clerk, inviting applications for the post of Inspector of Nuisances, &c;„ for tho Borough. 