THE RUBY RING. 1)Y .. IDA LNN GERRIIA D. A utihpr of u" Cafutl," and other Jalet. ?=: ,: , fiPATVER IV. Yai it was gone. I xam-naind overytlhing on tho to'lo, I nought on Ih'i hor, hot- to no ourpone. Iremomboered, or thoutght I ril nimbiCredI, takmj; It of tenderly, sncinp- the lamin of tIh rhbica and hl in tortwinendiniil, and Igin i t, i nthu ri-ag-f andl beside the lookdog--l as. And now, whur, was it-i What had bocmne ol it . If it wa. toktci an I could but sulppol , \chore as th th, i, and E,. whri ?6ann 0o Cle.res~ hattd hle! enop.erLd i' 'Ipanannd for ar momentI n dou It. liThen, nlilppihg I o, wiirIi dl('iiglli-go-yiino, iltd thi'usting my fhi into 1 ,'r of iiiott ( idilp)lo, I oponnd the (ldor ni nohi -t--v a, s o.:,ille, loted;c it after me no flnt the light migilt iioit -hioue t hol iighi, mod Walked, fcariri- o-r3i bord wouhl -ri-ik and betray me, or Ihat I Ihothld aain hear hu11 hid movielli. men(ts ncenlr, to tl1 he1ad of Ili rtairs, (t11d li oOd there littcening. 'All we, perfecitly still, except for tih rain without nnd the loud-tickling clivet inl tlh t thll llow. Anid all wao merfulctly dark. liy niyi' were utritnl for Overy 0 Oje elr hiahdown i (lI tl " ( VI T 'ia f hOr llryuou d. \- ri di p, dr iplIlt. Iii;'I-i lch, tic-t a lOk. o I waie ln ,h.t m.ulense, but unugh l uej broke th iilenco of night; nolthil" ?itirricd, not ovu co scampllllle1 IIInglm)oe. "Waa I to driliouve "whatl, 1 lid amon intl hiaird loforu? and.if io, I uwluwlis ny !liog's dilsalHipearinct t(heo actcotited ifor ? Slollhl I ?o 0illils ill3a"oun d]io ? Old Davideon and \Martery womer t of (thlustishn; thijly would bo to o frightiencd t- Iiu Iao anly clioi. Mary -?-sh0 ,olld -cra ana d dc~siro to he locked in lir room alnld Iott luft alone. Auot latliharino i---not for the world wuilt 1 disturb lher rist. Cicoly ?- 'lwhat 'n(o could ii prItolly tihi girl g *.b,:? n'igcl and .'Paul only remained. -After a brief rontdderation I returnt d te my room, took up my eandle, aInd \yIlkedu up tlh corriTdor of the weot twiig; sno eCrltain (lid I flee then of my own delusion thut my chief itdea woiil t thailtifiinicss for the differeonce iotw-ec Prioiry and Aliixandrtina ci'(acent Ilooring, 0s tmlli;itl; it liltost certain that Io one would hear ion. lh(i doors of the lg, tmply rooms were all open, te chauiieroii dr(hary, d:tlrk, acanlt. I entered and inttliiogateld thcm olne by one, shut, each door behild me Iats I came ct-,, and ?o, with the eIOxcoption of Nigcl' room, wenalt over the whole wing. I wan growing pirfectly braivo noo. The other portion of thie upptcr storey oas aill in habited; tlheo rooms close iogether, n:aner, the wallli thinner. Th'lre woas lno need to exaiiiine thloiI. U.ginning to iimagine I iwala goinlg for a book to drive alway my nrvous- ioosnc.-,, 1 Iprocemdcd dowcn ttdiri, gatting l0oldcr ias I w'nt,'biut c;ircoly hatd 1 reachod tho stair-foot lwhn 1 wt,M conlscioui of a sound on the floor I had jult llft. A foololep was audible, a door gently oplci, ti andl the cainltiouly quiet trIld camie llol the rast!crnI passage to the staira. FIort thehit tuone in my lifo I wan thorotughly frighltndc . l ero was I alone, uniprotected, \vith uncocarchcd dalrk roohli airound, help cut off by that alliroa lhing figiure, coolitig t'oiI thu pinrt of tIhe house I liid upti)poacd 8mfe to tihat which miight contain I nulw ut hatha lniroi.. In ai instant I piut out nmy ca-dle, aud?hlid ms-l:f in a recess iy the big clclck, feeling tht its great liouhdu. Int waoo s?utae sthicll, to it lt-bt dlcadcut tho boating of tom' heartl. The pcri,0n dri-u\a neuter; he carried no Ight: I, still ilazolcd hy the one I hald used, could only jut srce it ws a mant, iand Ilthait ho wI coining onwtard, townardl iltl. lil) piassod, Ii((I(olt brushing my skirt, then uonfatnmtillo the locks and bblts of the hall door, vecry gently, and olntud it. A cool wet breeozo ruslied uplon m,, a faint grey lightstolo in, and dimly I descried tIhe face of tho retacinitig ligura. I rushed forward. i ,"anld P' '" Judith I my darling, what is it? what is the matter P' " Where are yOu gLing, 1'aul ?" " Only for a thorl walkt . I cuild not sloop, andi thought that would bli the niott ffectltiu l usoporific. WVhy nar you up, Judit h?" " I was nervous. I fancied I lheard sonuthinig. I tlhoulght soltn one wao ill 3my "ooma, ad oh! l Paul, my ntlby' ring hi gou llo "' .- ? Iard ? Oh, you hoard Mno, no doubt, anti I pmohially hi-arndyou. no u hato buc?n friglihtcning oachl other." '" Iid vua hear a noisoi'" " Jumst liboutt s mluch tu your light fiiotntoiis wuouild makle, so I tiiiughlt1 oould wailli routod tiy doniimion naid ien that nit l nl eclirn. Now 1 (I mmmLerntand tihait is unnucuary ; hut whmt was tihe child inervous labiut f" nitbbtt ?" M" ly ring, 'iPaul.'' " Ring! P'ooh ! youli drolpped it Uit the luarty) or in the wilkl yesterday. liun bhati to bed at once,' love. 1 will soo that verythingit is s:ofe. Go ;ou will get your dealth of cold. Wh\, did nut ·oo wmako ?ion iddy to cheer you ul, in'l.-ad of r(imtinig about theo h~U1100110 IIO|O ) homin iloina A" "I wanted to noe if all lwas righl. I lhad only been oe'r thlu weolt nwing, ndltl thcli I cmelni dion)n, nid you followed nlo, andt oilh, yo lldid frighton tne, Paul I ' - tlTho woat wing ! TIm idea of you going o\ver those dreary rolom. It wan .inoughi to iiakio you nervouii O.u utlsttairo dirctly, Judlith deaor. I will arch O verii y cranny of the ihouse for you; 1ut I uttll.flnd nothing -out tlaPyh be c:rltmni ti tnd I shall not gto olt, so oct your milnd aIt Clso. Go ') I o-'eyed hin; nut compllctely, pouhrlant,, for I atood at tile stair lheaid mgiitn wIilii. htard hinm softly go the ro und of thie roomu blot'. '.t'hin I carried ott the ienlltindtor of hit iniltntiton\ . At the breaikfasit-table not mourning I told thi ftill utorv of mty foulr'. Of cour;o tlhey woro laughed at ; I called mi'yvlt a little fool, for there ie noltlinig like the bold, unmynterioua light of day for banishn ing idoansot burglr?s anld ghiosts. Ciculy was doply introested, and anxiolu toI hear overy IparticulOar of whalt 1 hald rneo, hoard, andil felt, ilorulla ai little liit frightened, tihough lit the tllano timno disapivinted thot eho haid mieucd it ill. .', Why did you ni t come anld wako me, Judith P" she aokcd, rcprol chfully. "I wisho you had."' " Vhy ? .If tlcro had i)con ainything lwhat goodl would have bhoon done hy alarmiug you Y At it was nqttdng"--I could ray tllhat "(as" firmly and bo-. liuin ly- " it wountl have m((udo I(n (1om (nlill nmro foolish." " I could nevoer nhave gote iioilt the holtto nna you did," alld Cicoly, withl a grvo little sh1ako of her lidad. "I don't know how you dared !" Of the othloro, Nigel rgatrdcd tlio affltlir tiot thotuihtfully. 'Iaul and Alilt ]ittly noomod bent, on making nto confes? how little hald onlly beun tLo ground for my alrm, nond on laughing me out of any rmainuing doubts,. "I nontat aot ll otripriod at flisa llDuncan's frighlt," Nigol treomarled. "A houseo like thiis withl it( ig dark rooms is juut the tlaeo to awaoken yotung ladies' fannioa. The uolitary hioaition of your iapartmunt bhad a good deal to do with it. Let me andviso you tochange into the other part of the house, nuar Cicely antd Miss Rioers." "Ceortainly not," I answoroed promptly. "I will not acknowlodgo to being driven out by norvousnost , I asouro you, Nigol. I am not giv-n greatly to fLooies, and I do not expect a recurrence of last night's nervoiosi?lcs." " Don't ygou ~"' said Nigol, omiling witih an amuiod look. "Then you had certninly better salect another room. I don't like to laugh at a lady'e alarm, but yoeW Iuow," he turned to Paul, "the thing seeom plrfootly clear to me. A moueo running acroos tho foor awoko bor, aho caw a picture or a darl?k garment that looked liko a hlunan being, and then she hoard the little animal on tihe dressing-tablo." " I expect that was about it," answercd Paul. " What would yoa have done if I had not turned up, .TudithP You looked determined enouglh for any. thing. I am quitothankful I was not shot, and I belleoo you were disappointad at not ha.ving a burglar to tackle." "' I should not have told anybody a word about i t,,lad i, should not have been laughed at." ' Excuse eno," acid Nigel, "not laughing, only endeavouring to re-assureo yon." " You would do that best," I remarked, emiling, buti a little nlttled by hin ,uaulll.tiua of key utter cowanrdice, " bLy giving Ine back my ring." ".That is thile easioet pnrt of all to explain," raid Paul, N'igol not replying; " I have told you many na tinme it was too llargo for yoll, and would alip off unnoticed. You lost it at the parl.ty, and I donit doul, Miss dortimer'a servant has lon1: jince picked it up, amd Nliss Ilortinmoer is piizz?ng over the ':Or the walk," ouggoeted Aint Kathorine. "I Ilope you did not drope the ring in Willow's Wood, nm; ldelr.ludith, for thera it will be no finding it llatotig tho?a 'ille;'" QNo, no,'? cried Cicoly. "You are both wrong, itnt lKitty, y?Ou and l'Pul. I kcow.Judith lost tlhe ring at neitheor wood 1nor party, for I distinctly remenmbor saecing it on her hand whoa we W''re .driiren' home," " iAnd T," h addod,l "rlomembr n1:icinoi tho gl.m of tho lubios as I hung it on the drid aL nig~ht" ? "Thon you ar'o loth qnite d~t(rmiCd," elid Plll, "that a lurginr am. doon th1e 01imnc1 y; wy will c'otth him yto (t 2" " lDves not it'?triho yoh, al'.u" put in Ni?:e], in at dry way at if ho wa.s oick of i ll h t i .on! ,Cl D, " h th t 11nc2 Jtudith and Uhely ,11 101lly ap1 lnr hivc, :od cnl I o0 p0osi"ti ns to )JtYIO II,' 2 .n thi, 2il 2 :f: i 2 i Ilngloton riory Jt..0nilht, ih' ttor wy l'oud h1 tohav the aftlir n'eti:.td by a d.t toi'o,aod tho 01ervan02 020xamin1d I" ('i(e1ly a2 1d 1 th2n1edi:elll ,llppol:lLd tIli. withi veho(l0ll0t l2 e. W'c wo21 lllal h0 [ ulOll lull:1 lt. v012i,11ri2?1 , A iut 1Elth ti 21111, 'or hillrn'if, ooh )onal1sion or hi old onifo or Mary, we declu, d. " That is mor- foll.y,," said Nigel, irlriftaly. I 11i110o 1 11 o 1,tl ll 0 112 Ithe tt 1 <ludlrinog a1ou1 thle 1l}101 fo?,r tthir. to vyl'l, llr t iro bll a countriitc d Ia pn I ril1ance, you thirdI 1 (h1. y i l r .... " ' I urn 2 t e in, Ijito 1 d GhIcely, wlitt-. nlo dig 2fit1, "12tht 10ur tcrvnts nre in( apabl2 0 of h11vi2g ro] bed nef." "N ig l /Ilmtn ed qu ih +tly 1i "P u ll. " 11Ul, w2 1110 11ut'i.? 211( m 2l, 0ti12 Otlurtlly 1121k 'lt , l 1hin- ihro gh levi s 22t122i2 i al g.112I onl ',t1 2 'you rlllliesOl do. Shall we t01 12'l 2l1121 il the gtitirden " anll I will readit tll l u rlillt, going' to le Gcounsel 112111\. ll~lr, , 22d i0'Ilg~u 1120 111112 02121 tiio 001111 forll oir erl; af ll1tli, f iio , 1 21rt 2 ti winth Cic 122cJll." igol , 1 il2d, raised 12dhi1 2y2l22ow11100011 l01, ac ith i0 li2, itl dr nd wit i ing.rn upon t inbl-c,-loth. "A t you i phase," Lo lmaid. "0y I sol 'lliy o0u "2 aki 2gov oro t(o ro1. dlorlhtio r'od intif uting inquiries there; if that falsb, going to the GergClle at? Il21 21to, ihond having the c11 uab and the cr bby toVnldcflrli how 1111100102tiy 12110 12111y ho 121001 tO; 010W 11121 1102120 tootoI Ciulooly 11.011 1100u 1101111 Iliitnlkoil, examinod ; if that dils, a1102e1 Iting 1in the I 0l1.n n ,lluditil'21 1l111121 I 211110111, 1 2I~iWCdIi 11,110L 2COof212101 dlt, 1 i0 ing hadbills," anrswi1 rd Itaul, wit to promptitude. "Although the y1 dono ladi0 s a1 asoluelyh cer-ht in it, was fo on I h1 dresin4tlo la. night s:id Nigel.. Hefetc he young ladies again interrupted, for it. is wvonder'ful how difl'erently one inny be made to view the~ fsamel facets Ci'oly? sai,//t /ave boen mitak:en, aho reluctantly omitted, ab~ll out, avng the ring on Judit~h's? hand. I might, I allowed, hatvo confused one evening with anothor; it. is, very dillicult, to ,awcar to havhin' dono on a particular occasionl v/hat; has becomo a fixed hab|it, i anll8 colir:e woo accorii;ingly iollowcd up. (ickly and I called on tlhe o ortimnro. 'Tliey had noen nothing of tie ring beyond thl fact. that Miia llortimier recollected seing. it on my hand and laoting oil lll remarlk to Ilet on it? pIocuiar--sho bilng too poililt to i.y clmiiny---workminanhip ; but this proved it wan not lost in tih wood. They questioned (thlrir ncrv'antiit, and offered to lakt any nmaulire we likel;c tondisic. Then we walked hack, nml Nigel nnd Jaul went to the (caorge. Unfortu naUtly we had all braeen t )i.i slolpy to notice any par tiu:'taras logardinog tho iah, bl.ill ?Iein its nunmbler; ut the drivcr sured tllhem of its identity with onathey piersonliilly illnspcctid; and though lNigatl exlpreCsed a faw doubts asli to the tiuth, anid indeed threw out ilceli hints of thle geliral ihonclet.y of the villugers tha;t I grew ahlost i1,ngy, Paul believed whlat ho was told. "'You ore in IEngllnd-a srttlcd, civilinod country, now, Nigel," I amid. " And however conlmnon crimeo Illin"y ba in tIo linIdI you coino froiia, thiOeves l're thei exti'pllioli, not the rnllo, amono g our villago inhabi tanlt. lFor a inomcnt NigSl'n fai:e (cIanged. 'Thero loaped an angry fllsh iillto his idarli oye as lie darted in glanici at limei and hli tbrows frowned daarrlly; but in another aniond it died away, hii little, hailf-con tomptiouls lhalf-.slncutcd omile isucreeded, anid he oliiSwor d : " ay dear Juditth, I hbg your pardoni, I nan sure, for ilisulting tih unimiplcnclaii' bli morals of Ilglcton. No doubt I nam an unciviliard hoor. Only ia it allowable to onqiliro what you think hasi lna Locomne of your ring i You will not dmiti thlat you ihave lost it; you will not have it tihat anyone Ircs stolcn it. Amr wo to iisupposo it. toolt uito itself winlii ?" I coloourd nd wils ilhrnt, vexed nwillh hliii, yo conecious of a l rgo namount of truth in whlat ho oaid. Nolhing resultetd froni our enaliirics. WVo ad'vor tisecd, weo fid ihandbills plintold, and offorod rowanrds lmnonat lus vanlualo nsi, and miiilih iore easily to bo bonolited by tllu tlioe curious, initiall-onigravon ring. iutl noveral days pauseda, anid so far all wthsa of:no avail. " CIhtAITI'gI V. I aYry hriavo cclced to intilitulo in the llht chuipter thllit imy liling for Nigol Vero \las oin tlhe declineo. 'i his wai not so. Ilo puzlcetd t1e 1. little at tirel, but now 1 illidl gut, or thouilllt I llld, to unilerliulld hliin us n ell Iis wo call uxplect to nllderi'talid 1i1'y lhulan tbeing if iI not directly 1syipltheltic tlrtlii erani nt in tlhi lihort RllcIC of H?Uilo roVi' otn <talitiy; iunid though I dhid not, iidiuihn liiii pliartlirlirly, I pitiaed hiii, alind filt that 1'iutl alnd 1,1 irhtilg p rty ll p woetty we woro, wnrca laililiir tlI:u n ll you.Oniai AulOtrliliaul. Ito liad no relatlionll excei'lt 1'lnl--no friedln, no proesplcto lihat hil ever alluded to nu plleaslilt. I Wliy h hlad comum to ISlngliid ie li iacvrr ox)lllintudlnlit iy privtulo opiniioiin wII tt ht lad liaul d UlIIoi lioU)) of i will laeing lanliid which would re-inneto hliin in hin fillatlr'l hlnuic, 1 fniinial tedhu euii?oiderd I'illll and 111m ns iiltcrlolitr.i, linlit wlaile fol tit 'l i i itl had the lhisl rightli to thlie 1rioly, iuuld tlaIlt IliL cnouiin WiIB youllgai l nd w'ell-to-do uid ioulight liot to gerldgo hiili i (illlidllntitd old lltlnhionl , I yet felt saorry for Nigel. Nut. llhit lheI wius hilliluallt y iilIincii iiily, or uttLord menihllelltll rOCgralii forir'iI' .iillusions to, hli old ]'iiglih homie. It w iia nily inv olwie initrprlctllioin of hill actua;l self, theo outw(ard siaeliilng of whliach reiiiiiiiludl the inii(lO Ian over. .lll w.i, lwiiways polito, o\'au--tlo uioo 1 pliariidox-wholi ho wi0a ruldeo, and itlwalys ready.to ib ileo euii whein his oycu looked thieir gloimieist. I otudiud liiin ior clu0loily, bceailuse hlo weH to le a.'iirll'us euiiianion 'Ciiccly very na(uranlly nwsi intoromatad in hi ol o wn i ow l account; bult \w botli camllll to the iminllo liroild colncluiiion. " lIe iu noto lIuapy, Judithli," trho laid., " I wonldor why. I wish he would tell--1'aul." 'Poor littlU ('icey ! I wondered with vlgullo un claidiulia Wv pily )iroving' ii n r ilr caseII thI pa1th to mlnlethiiill doeller., dil nolt like to think of her lirttedfronl usI all, roigillingb it ill Auntralila, and Nigel gaveo out no intcntions of settling in his native liind. " Wlhy not 7" I askeil once, " if 'yo do not lilo Ausl',alin." " My dear lNis ]lunclan," ' answorod Nigeol ill hill i;nniling hut btL collOlisivo way, " whly talkl of pant aud fiituiro, lot u0 enjoy tlho pln'!ont." " lilut he doeu not," whitillrod Cicoly. hRIcnlltilllno 1 wna growiIKg llnculBy about'my rulby ring. It wasl all very well for I'aul to toll me it would uiiln up ooli, anld thtl I waIs not to frot ; ho. would bring Ino ii lot of llotor joewels lback fronm AusItralin. In his own mind no doubt he puzzled ovor its disappearance an I did, And I was alnnoyeil, too, at hliving loot ai faireily triulcot-al ring with a hiulory dimly lurlking behind it, inhovo all ly ongagou nient ring. F'or lost it crltainly seemed to lIu. i could havo solomnily aollirolnd that it was not in tho I'riory, for overy corner of overy occupied room haid been ctatelhod, ily own llnaiy Il time wnhilo I recnllod vividly every occurrence of that oevening on which it had lant bcen seon, nd l bg'an at last to susnpect tho aotive littlo mice, and wondor if a 6equal to tho Jncltkldaw of Rinime haul bcon onnotod. About a woOlt after MhIrs. Iortimoer's party thloro waC n gathering llt another noighbouinug houeo. Nigol oexcused himselft; he wiulhed to stay at thu Priory lnd writo omnO Iletters, "atlddefondtheo house fromn Judith's burglar," Paul ullggc?stcd, but Nigol for once did not deign to nmilo at tho roforonco to my alairm.. ' "If bolts, bars, and locke don't defend it," I iaid, "I am afraid Nigel will, not lbo blo to do so eit-or." It oomelod ano though Nigol waos vxoxd for an inmtant that his prowoos should be doubted, but he mnado no reply excpt to wislh un a ploaosant.ovoning and withdraw to his own room. The root of ns di.pcrocd to dress. W?o wero all to havo gono-Aunt hitty, Cicoly, ?autll, and I; bult at the last moment I, too, cried off. I had boeen fighting alt tho day with an attack of nouralgia, in. tending to forget it in the enlivonmcnt of the even. ing, but carcely had I loft the warm room down. stairn whoin it oosorted itself more forcibly, and I wao forcod to give inl. I roturnoed silently to the dining. room. antd was not diocoverod until FPaul camo down, ricody to deoit. Tilen I had to confront ig?i. monto and llappaols. lPatul bogged to tay andl reaid to mo; Cicoly longed to roslain for colslany, anid Aunt Kitty to ply mo withl poppy-hleadln and brau. Lago. uht I woull havo none of them. I wantetd only, ao overy one wanto under a lilko infliction, to bo loft alono; anud.nccordingly, afft.ereteadfast dlotor rnination on my ]oart, domurs and regrets on theirs, I was loft, if notlone, wjfithl no other colnpsany thsts lPanul's sloopy little oplssiol, como good sdvice, andl a bnow novel. Curloted up in ia largo easy chair, with tlhe dog at m)y lcol the bookl in my handsl,' and, I hopo, tIhe allvice ill sy hassd, I sponlt th greater parlt of the ovesing,'ni?, inlsod, recovoroed snticiently to fisioh ny volumo. 'Tho noeat ono was upstairs mn Cicely'o room W?as it worth the trouble of fetching P ghtn c d : at the tlokl:, arid ,(.tr ; g thalt t Iha?t half. un-lou- Iii ,ci a. 11 cfo:r tihe otheij returnid, di cisld in tho a"li' hive(. On hi w.y I 'ould (,cal! in 1:t mv i ,',n aoLr:nlr t nld pot , awaoy thi thtig: I Ii ud pot out in reulhior for to-midt. I ;till :il't to ite l,:ut winif ihal heulir, ill the m]or,, doppally, a', mmt my nahtu+, fLat .\unt J'.ittv, oslihl, d iot- il l PIU ], 1u oil n d,.bhu ng nt ' o qui lt thl loniely lc:l ii tth hLon., iwhiih iftl?r tin flipht, 'i.el and ( icilyit I-a-i , o,. rr confidl t riio illd , t il-hal . Itl miight ahli be al s well, J thoughth we ]tht lat I wa,, ontce Imore in a1 ,?oiabld fame iui' uiild, to J. luai.t. Nt g i wiIh di my l is-n"clo ini te lIiorv, r inviu . t im, i f lis lenltrs iweroe I wit, ui tho brurl Mitreis itly, nloiu1p thee] co ridor, and nui sehi ily op-e-id my ciumlwr door. It wO Iline tII rioie iu ni ilht, tle oiiindow blind wai ui p, tie fill] gLhi lu ul]o , \ I -ucoilel li·iio i len l i ir/l iiiou d Jii riom ichirly. Jut uis it wasi, I taw disltin tlv cinouig tome llu g dwich aii Bl my Ii Slei on thie Ithresliohld ullt Ieil?" uiy hellrt- lonulnld li iieuddn ? n-rror. i-teod Ii i, ieiit miitonili. ei the door. with lated roth, clechllie- e ?ildlLd tiIdsI, m 1ni i- ng c)l t. It. wclII thu Falie liipi riiilo tlhat i haud hicl-l hl-folrt : i l iguirni- -stlla li lg ,ithihin h dis ilu'l l e iol i oulppoltel toi 1I llo iii: tthe plornritl of llliuo Elloa rior 'owyii, 'tih one hlunil rLilAlIld i lii hI othlr u-p. paren fly lil out ltehind, fnni'nu l, hut in dool thiciluios, io that, hlinwivi niiildih I iirovO, could niot iliisacrii 1ee, ouitlinil, or f'li-stiIr . I i-oiil iiol notorctly, lit liand, I would nolt bo miisiioiike or decsicd Ilis hiii. I iiiiilrue "cr should nunt, eiiilipO giiii , whelter hii wl' burcii hlu ri 1 or o nc sirn l ghost, worn hiiitn ltilin wicked or cti'in-ititebl' . I iI epiped llno tho iiOil ant iln an ,'nin oi- miy i i?g itgi, thu i handle ntf lii door, Sielg a sli ut rattlo of the lodlc, iiiid 1rhiging on 1io ut naltill. 'JThj tit~ao mov.d, i, trniid quickly. i fell, ituut I was di?crverud; I klnow for a cerurtinty iliit, to, initruiulor wao no opti'an! del[uohioin. Ther ,1"1110 ii dourj'ift lt 'clihk iiu 1o h lhired, which in miy .ecitolu iii [ it thirt, doloonud flo click of i istol; lout uilhnding no lesult, it-ie efroln I vclto anothr lold utelp fOl;word. 1 Ifc tflt- tobno inshiu nt did the liko, tf odo ii yard or so I owisrdo niio, ouluorang a. thi siniudowi flunigu it ouotli miii wol utone. Ther wis nolthing mys.tcrious, riolhinig gholo.t.-iioe abouit thlis exit ; the c'aoeioonL wos lft widet ope1n hehind him, Ite IntltronV wonold ftolo hinm lsafvl' to tho gardenu below. It, wool. quit'kly and di alptared Into the night, for follonwiog to the winldow I could .oo noltilg 0i11t the lonug aoro stone walkl, the gro;us and tdark oihrubh. ao1 h1111r nothing ut, a ooillder loud oark umd g?lowl Strom the chrlined dog in the yard. luti, I was dtlrmoind 'he slhould inot, 0srnpo tthus. 'The two frights 1 hald oultrcdl, the laughter I toi enduredt , 1mus0 )0 oexlolinod awny rtud rotooguod, oven apart frotm theo felct ithtL Io Lltttgh i be hearing away 00y 11111 hut. t 0t th11 Prliory vtitatlea. Theo firuitthing woi to ho cota1:il it0 was ot. of Otleach. tlhe seconld to ulserhin w'l;at waol \ it ihug, tthtrn to giove inifornation aii Sltccdil\ as itossibe to the poice, .l 1 htItrill to Ni,.ol'o rotom, 1 tto Itohd octl harpIly itt th( ithcli, door. ''Tlhrroe wtt io oniawr. J !knroiked tagain rettt loudly. I called " Nigul! " Still oloeni'. I ttw 1the light tthrough the chinks, hut c ulhl her' no tou ttol itnodicito whether tthe aptl-1. ro1nt woifi oCCuli(,d or not. I grow unlasy, ?nl I know "Nigel waii not dowioLrt'rti, nid juoL wtlln I wanted cool-hIoled advko iotld heIlp it at norot Itleouaottt tio tihink I was iloi ri thin t ig, dreary houtse, with only Ilthio very helpleso ervanovtr . Still, if Niguol htid i euu outl I tuitt olhlovo heoardl himl, and his ]lmp would inot Ino burning. I I;n clhtd a third tiome and tried tht itoor. It had been loclked, but the old worn hrr l haid iuluclk'mid. way son that my plush vctl it back againi, and the door Pew open. Nigel wao not iu the room, and from uppleaora·cos it mitighlt havloi bon Sq1,0 , opod heIo hail v;nintheld tus otthngely in ry thief on his firolt visit. The lamp hltood loroingt iin ils furll pIolw(r o hio desk; somt 10pere were on thIo lotthle;'ho window was tt uirtoieedl; bu, its 10 ttc ai rt]id ourvey of 'al i el i rd caue down the corridor anud Nigel oiro entered. "Y'oul hotr', Jdtrlith! haL dlo:si this 1mea11. L" ho demandehd quiteldy'. I told him ,riofly why I htd come, tandil what I hld oomo for. There was little ichance of tractilng the rilolitr now, ttvo by whtet hie had titkei, forr in Iho rminuttt.- few though t(heoy 'toter--tohtioh had eloaito I since hii o o Ictp e miigfhtihave got far o ltOuigh awayiily to clhouiall D'utsuers hy night, cs1pc iilly oir?ot thel only guiuirdl of thle ln w'lwlitro old 1).oltt?itholl andtt Nig t,. !IL r temtintld fr th i 1rIrt buhl t. t( o i tiltcIth i the o ld loluii€, I suolnletdi. lJoo excited with my 0'tn ntrooalti':o whln I comiioitlcd ed I tlOtl?, nit 1 iiont'lnetttdl thi exlreosiou on Nl igo'tl face. lto u'·ii drnllnt plslt, nnd hiti ou'o htad i frig:hlenu:d l olh I holit hlt ispt, ottve dootmo t it possible th, ulost d nring burglt ?unld haveIo brougtht to theln. tit hurriedly I o extilitinedt his own t lar t in the procucltdins. lie hItl hturd oun l oid lo tfncild, an d lt loft, hir rloom to lt issurud whtthcr tall wa1 right. " Nulo b the dolor," I s "alid, " for t wait I1 n loohed."r "No. 'It th? o window, lotitlg tho curairrns clostd to voil the empity roomr. duid not IullOit the hoiiso itsolft ily thu giosrundo. ituit I saw no lhing, ailthoughr Watcl h llrcd loudly ouoteal tilmlls." ''lheu w11 wonL vtlor the hluoio togctther ylrou ing to comu liole00 iatisfictionr thlt no'inac of ttiu in ttlidr ii'illlintlro, neu Ov01n a IrIatch-box otr t1 slr.il) l ' papor ly whlich ie mrighit t ill atiny . way identtcllit. 1010 striangily, it ostoomCd thIt ,iotllingr iwas gli-- nothing, ttttt in, Uo fitn 1s we n couold till by our 1rapid Coreir?i I 0111" 011 oi roo 1 V01e11 ttO ntoltu:o Itid on thle drtletinog-tia' lo, lolso to whloru ho had ntooid, iriniriltcd stafo. 1 0"or tl'Oisincio of ilndut said .TNigel, "l hia oevidently vaolot tiio house, anld sctt off theo follow witthout t t phouf tIdor." I I hpo lie will not try ragitln," I thutdderod, lamentrr a y shoioving a doefieinry of what I had just blortn comlulimtnmttrd oil possessirng. " No; he won t do thai; Ilthcy raroly try thu 0:1mo place twie,'" NigOel Inswort(d. "I tplutnd ulpon it Ito hnow--tlhoso fEo looo anays do-that everO y 110one was likely to ibe out to-night : but lhe will not venutrro a second tiome whlreh. il t1i Lo n00ctirly bCon claught. Nigel'n word andt inthntiiin were to reI:soiire eI', but Iohe was yet fir freotm o01 in mind himtirolf, I coltld oto. It did riut sltrio rio ll t tohe tirne, I re meorbored witth olrpristt aItLerward, 1s nitablty oldd thait Nigol wa m1101re deicient in couraopi tltn ovcn myseOlf. Ie cruieotd to l]c'o nro yoingguutiona to offer, no idea of lwhat wasI to done110110, ut imlly carriced out nwhat I piroloieod. ''oerliaps his utrangontoi in tho laindiluc:ountedl for it. Of coluIrso I eltsortcd, addiln, " r No\w, let no go dowrn-ultnis. 't'hlo others will bu titoli diroctly, aod lthro int Illllng lsoh to be dono i1 there I DIid I fas.aon my "vindtow, Nigol P " I ltoipulOd it;ido ttho 1room1 to soo. '['to light ofr my hamp a0(,pt 0 nrouos the darlc flour, and tuddenly, ai I glancid at the ocets ito s rays l ilh uitoid, my eye wasno caught bt' it familiar glitter. I dtarted towardu it. " M[y ring !", . thernoon thelo ground, lv thle dtrousing-table, lay, i?o tiirnes ghlnming, it gold shining brightly a1 over, my ruby ritg,. At thle 0aeno momont tho door boll rang loudlyjo, voicot nil ringinrg larghltor woro hoeard on the thrcs hold. 1Then oldl)onnluono clumpeo d slowly forth from the distanrt hiltcheon, loudly withdrow the door boltn; a1pd I ranu down to bhe tot by gay grcotingo, smil~cs, and a bturot of talk from .Aunt. KIitty, 'aul, and (Oicoly. CIIAPTER 1 VI. T? o rset of tho Oveninlg palsid lilko a conmfurod dreail. Htlore I had don umliro than help Aunt Kitty to taloloff hor wrapa, and wmhile I won running into tho hijolon to hurry M.rgOry' UnIpper tory, Nigo mot mo in thie pasongo. '" Von't it bh botter to wait a little boforo wo Eay anything to tlhem, .ludithP" hlo said. " We hiavo dano all that can bo done to-night, mii it is no uso frightening Ilis Rlivors and Cicoly." "Iow hout htful yon armi, Nigel!" I criod. "I an, L0o olupid iltit I shoald lhave lingun talknln, abuit it directly, andterritied lpoor Cico'y vory likely ouit of all her nloop to- night. I anm so glaid you havoe chcoked non; but., of course, wo muist toll ]aul." h (.h, yea," Nhigol nsoonatlod, "of oourso we must toll l' Paul, but there is no huirry." " Yaou are suro niothing clio intl a ho donoP" " Quito certain." 8o w malt, round thl upp tor-fable,, and talked only of tho patty. I listonedint hiuwilmlmhrauent to Cimolv's lively clmtter, and nwatcheld lior nilil?g fuace wilh. out cclmnrhenading lmo mucaning at oa one word in a donn tnihat iiie eoaitl, iidila my machintl hyad t, lrolud;l violently. icoly lookld soplrntt tlthatnilht-ljrel lier hIuim I had overem, her luokbafo, ;,I Ihitmiat hi r bhil nys .o-pikl intm with excitement, nnr slightl - rlllc,!Ot yellow' imri, citrlimga on a lel w]hitc Toalhe;ui, her delieatoly.tihatud cheo;in flushedni to doarlorl 1isk lllmin ummnl, and hner lainty geeni drss weoall ecom ing hl r ilowor-lila lIrauit.t. S.nlll ho Ihoomi, loolmeml lovaly,' mmho wnt mevl\imi, m nni thie lnmm plri'ed a now neiiltm.--..luh m mnlmr~i ligm on--'What woo it malled, tault --taomemthinj; t?or'mimli, I klnow. Anid ?isIos MlIirtintr m wmlc thlmmr', amlu looleod no handsoliho, didm't thc, auntlomi Amid thoy woro at l so vma ry sorry ~'oumhud not cuum., I murmured usme retle,, and Cicely and FPaul, anti Aunt Kitty talked co. And I thought oI th, ltarliet chamber uptt.ire--tlhat lark ,figour, the open veiudow, the long oteno b:taouy, and thu thadaowy free. Could it havlne been nall real3-that ruddcn fright of mine, that alorm on Nigeil' face? I glanced agnain, in a?whirl of ama emmc nt, roulnd th; cheerfurl room, :at ho lmerry ft:l es, and my cao ifell on Nigel. Ye;, it lted bcten all riail--.tadual flt'; for I- raw its trharr clill in tim, lie a roejiling an I lookled, bitut, likle ui gleam of eulhitne ath wt tIa cloud, th ne lloileoly heowed l'le -alo ton nil hie brow. uIo •a t watllchingf Ciely, e I l?t.ely w-oe, but I fancied te knIow no nmore walint t10 coiVei:atieon was alboutl than I did. A inhlut o later the lubires on my hand had caught mny atlentioun, flrtlher recasurinug me; and at, ttioh ma:no inletanl Ci:cla cried-. " Your ring, ,eudith! VWhy, when did you find it? \Vhtere wars it? ()Ih, la'ul, efancy! uhel hna bcn litit ncing to el all this time without blrcanthing a word tl.oult it. I knew there awits rmothing on her mindl. Ieo bo quick land .oll ius, Juo !" " I found it in mty own rooml," I answered, i lit.tlo hisit;tingly, antd colouring I .a I epone. "I will tell you all lbollL it, to-morrow." O1 "Your roal I Jut i~agino! IlHas it been there all thie imo ?" " Of courens it hUas," Nigcel ansunered. "It lay by n mouse-holo in tho tlanelling, and there, I utppI)ose, it hac uin e luietly for a week ahile tl l nglulton has been turnecd iup )bout, it.'." Nigcl'o reply citmee co very coolly thait I aunt rather aitonuiield alt hil hold aisoritetian, end teddcneted still deejler: but it tla lod mo to be nilont, and he meet ily looek with one tlhat I could not read, but which navic far from leing au corfildont au his words. Of couro the thhers toonk my confusion for tho result ni ishiulno aL tho troublee my ring'u utupposed lose lhnd crm~uoe d odveryoino, and I was content that they hould neo tlranoltel it for the )resCent. When Aunit Ilethorino and lher niceu wcero leaving the room, oexpectinig o to follow Ithem, I turned back to Paul. " I'fl," T r;nald, " will you pleasco wait amoment P Nigel and I havo eomcthmg to tell you." 1 ran upotairo with Cicoly's clonk and bade her good night, and cormincg down again fouaid the cousins Bilently awaitillng me. Paulll tood by one side of the firplace, leaning clrclcealy against the wall, looking Interested, rather curioun; nlothing more. I fancy he thought we( had Ihgun at lt to suapect one of the ;ervants; at Icaot, he konew I was about to epeak of tho ruby ring. Nigelu atopposito to him, his chnir olightly iuhcd into the recess; he was leaning back1 , and looking intoi ite lire. Elvi dently ]ihd lifta oflcorything for me to nayI; and to:mo he continued to Ileave it. I told Paul of my on counter with the Priory burglar ao briefly as po0. sible, andl of the finding of the ring, turmning occa. sion!tlly to Nigel to aubstantiato mr y tatements; but othlcrwico the concer?atioel rrintinig betwoeen IPatul and llme. " 1It ic a curiouai effalir," Paiul uaid, after a while, meditatively. "I ehould like thu mtscal to be caught and oxplai" himnelf." " Bult it is too nlato to do anything to.nightP ". interrogated. " \VWell, yen,"' noweored Paul, and he looked at the clock. It was pnast midnight, "I wih you had CerOameid or roused Nigel, Judith, iltlehough probably he could not have got roundt to 3you in time to caplcuro the thief. Iut you sany nothing is stolon ?" "Nothling.l My gold neoklect lay on the tableo bosido hihn, and remained untouchedl. Miy purse, too, cwas there, but had not been nieddled with." "And the ring was on the ground near wheore he etood P' i' A " Clorioe y, an wellna 1 could judge." '".Acnd yol coulld nlot see his ftcavo ? " Por the first time Nigel rainsed hi eyes to my face, scainned it narrowly, ailnd watched with evidenot intereat 1or thoalsweor. I shookla my headc, iand he silently looked again into the fire. " i He was ill the shadowu of the reOces at first, and when he come forward he ditshed through the wnindow ao rapidly I had no time to get oeven the merest ghlnce." "'lThat's unfortunate, isn't it, Nigol P" said Paul. "It is:." "1 snhoold have liked to trace the follow. I havno come across a good numbnor of bnrglare and robbeorioes in miy time, but I nmust cay I cannot understandl thso lproceedings." E·videnly, becidenio his pordonal concern in the affair, 'Paul fclrt a profesioiunl annoynce at tho pros pect of o of rangeo a cueo remaining unsolveil. Weo woro all uilont for nawhile. I tried to thinkle it over calmly tnd arrango the facts clonarly in my cohing hoad. I'aul, his elbow on the mantolehelf and hiu irand shading hio oyet, was knitting 'hi' brnows and musteriing, I lmoew, events in businoess liIko order; while Nigel, apt'arenfly more collsciollI of the tinme of night, shocwed nothing of his thouglht, except by looking somowhat oenquiringly ant tho Paul roused himseolf. " It is no uo emonsidering it any furthor to.night, If anything cam be done wo must wanit until morn. ing. J idith, you will not like elcoping in that lonely room to-night; ehat will ''ou do i' " I am not aifr.idl," I aunwoCed. "I imagine thu .Primry i salter than suual from inltrusion to-night.''." "l lllllo SONt vOxSed thait you'r first coming to tho Priorey hould be marred, and you disturbedlil in thisde nwey,' smid l'ul, regretfully. "You also, Nilgel; you will not got o higlh atnl oplinion of English honoesty ias J.udithI wihcd to impress upon you." "The nationality of our licrgliar is not proved," I said, fliouhlrtlossly; "he may be a retired bsluhmln or--' Such a flash came into Nigol's eye as I had esoon thloro but once before. '"'Whl t do you iieann " he cried furiouely. 'l)o you want to insult ie ? Confotind it, whae t do you nltenn '0' " I log your pardon,"I returned coldly, a littleo bit frightoned by this outburat. "I meant nothing, Good night, P'ual." Kigol's ouidden fury died away as quickly aa it haid comeo. Ho rmtchbod my candlestick, lighted tho candle, and handed it to me most pulituly. I " Excuoe me," heo maid. "I wiblheld to vindicato my countuymnon, trnd I h]ave pro.ed thlocrteo against thean. HIOentefor I acknowledge English suporiority Good-niglht, Mi?a I'ncan."n' Iwont a:ftly up the wide s?airo, anid along tlho 'corridor to my room. I hod said that I was not alrmned, and.I do not think I was; but I could not Icoep bakl a chill at the eight of theo big, dark rooam, with thie hadowo lnurinig all round whero D)amo leanuor Powys, in lor klinmp satin drosa, with her hiihl-.dressod hair and hoer staring bluo oeye, aooeriod l)orliotnilly steppingi, out fromn the canvns and. giving ome the uprig of willow which the artiut, with. somo htlnlocring after soontiment, had placed in tho hand that wna adorned with the ruby ring. .Boforo.I had imllpiitod my hair, thoroe camo a ver gentlo tap ant my 'door. 'lien it oloieud-dfor I diit not lock it now,: thinklin. thatif any nocturnal visitorturned up again, I would have a way of naocoiiinting for Ilio nhtranco -an(l a little ilguro.in a long whito droesing-gown, with golden hair hanging about lier elhouldern, cameo in , " ' " ' : ' "i .You,-Cicoly'! "I cried. But Cicoly toolk io notice of my surpriso. e ''Jlidilh," hao said, "has i nuytlghion s lppeonod? Whalnt i the mntter with-withll- igel V Ilpeil not hiimeulf. ILu did not liatcn to a word I sEid. Wlnt is it, do yoen Inow? " I' considorld for a moinent. . " I do nhot think thero iu anything amiAs with him, Cieoy. HII has beeu writing a long time; .porhapl . ho is tired. But you ohold lhavo been :auilep long ego, child. Have yan boon itting upi just to nole mo thi?'' 1 thought tho real reason would follow; but a crimson blush on tho girl' choolek rovoealud to me that my chonmc question hid hit the mirk.r. The discovery startled, noi and seeomed to'jnr on all the chords Of my foolingo jlast. Ihon. " Ithat truo F " I aikod, looking into tllu bluo yoes, and lrying to speak gently, but rocognising a harshnosa I could not hinder in the'tone. Cicoly turned away. " You both sneemed so proe.ocenip:id, I was afraid Emoethiug had holppoucd.. .Where did you find hllo cing P" 1 poOinted out the spot, and sho noted it carefully lbut ailently. Ti'ln elno added: " And I wnnted to know how you woro, Judith, donr. In your famo beotter P I hope you will get ia nice leiop, for you look no tired.'' " Yes, it better; but I nsm tired,'' I anrworod, weairily. " It is nearly one o'clock, Cicely. I can noe talk now." i ' i " tood-night," oho Eaid, softly; and thbn she icinsod mon, and etolo back to her own room. (T'o I contiinued.) \\\'HY h e inad thie nlstarho: l o-canllo honlo l ate o oilither sIltlet, neal lila wife .woke unp od fond hin witl n burni iiiatmel tryingl to lia lt tlhe eull water nlap over tlne imainrble Imaia i ila Ircalig.-rooai. "Jmllle.l,' nclo sald, " thlt Ia not tlIe gin burnller." In ]islo il, lmy love," ]lio repliel, na slctldih, ; , fiet I?, I've hIcovla ee, voolhied, mil tliiit'a tlhe rca?:oii I iium,,u the iutil take." " YeT., lou look o if you lha : cieen liflli ga good nlctI," aio qouietly nuswored, as she returni.l to ler pfllow, 