To the Editors of the Annidale Express. J Gentlumex—Having been present yester day during the sitting of the Land Board in Armidale, I was much surprised at the absence of reporters, who, in my humble opinion, should have attended proceed ings vitally affecting the interests of this community. The Chan man's remarks appeared to me of so important a character ibn*-J a note of their salient points, and hand thetn to you now for publication, believ ing that the factB and figures, as given by Mr. Blythe, furnish additional condem natory evidence of the glaring injustice perpetrated by the present Government in removing the Laud and Survey Offices from this district. Mr. Blythe stated that in this district alone there are 440 applications, or very nearly one-half of the total number in the five land districts under his jurisdiction, whilst only about one-seventh of these have to be dealt with at the Glen Innes Court. It was also stated by Mr. Blythe that the hearing in Armidale would, in all probability, occupy nine days, and that in Uralla three days respectively, and that the C.P. applications under the Act of 1884, made in August, would be dealt with in October next, the number being 102, as against 9G, the total in the other four districts. The Conditional Leases, under section 48, bearing about the same relative proportion.. JOHN MOORE. Armidalc, 23rd Sept., 1885. It is stated that Sir Saul Samuel is ab solutely certain to obtain a peerage, which is the object of his ambition. On the 10th inst. an old woman named Catherine Began was found dead in her cottage near Forbes, and from the pecu liar surroundings of the cbbo an enquiry was deemed necessary; and the jury, after a lengthy deliberation, brought in a ver dict of murder against some person or per sons unknown. Suspicion attached itself to two persons named Thomas and Ellen King, husband and wife, and they were brought up on Monday at the Forbes Po lice Court, before Mr. Sharp, P.M., and Mr. Brooke, J. P. The woman Ellen King was charged with the wilful tnurder of Catherine Regan, and the male prisoner Thomas King with being accessory to the crime. The case commenced at 10 a.m. and concluded at 0.30 p.m., during which time the court was crowded to excess. A large amount of contradictory evidence was given. Prisoners were committed to take their trial at the Bathurst Circuit Court on October 21. A man in a skiff off Botauy Meads on Sunday morning was struck by a large sperm whale, which rose underneath his boat, throwing himisix feet in the air, and the boat was capsized. The man managed to cling to the k«i for two hours, but finding he was drifting out to aea struck out for the abore, a quarter of a mile dis tant, but had to take to the water ogahi, as he could not ascend the cliff. Eventually he was rescued by some aboriginals in a fishing boat at La Perouae. Mr. Garrett saya that while " Parkea kept in power some years ago by raising the Kiatua ghost, this Government was keeping in power by raising Park eg' ghost.' A waif named Elizabeth Kennedy, 10 years old, lately brought before the Cen tral Police Court, Sydney, for protection, said, when asked her religion, that she was a " freethinker." As instancing the dryness of the season, a corrcsjKmdont writing from a station near Scone says that from April 1 to end of August the rainfall only amounted to C inches 92 points, made up as follows April, &'32, May, 1*32, June, 3'38, July, ml, Aug., *10. The President of the Legislative Coun cil entertained a largo party of members and other influential people at a dinner in the Parliamentary Refreshment- Rooms last Tuesday night. 