Y.M.C.A. EVANGELISTIC SERVICES. A SERIES of evangelistic services are being held in connection with the Adelaide Y.M.C.A., in which the co-operation of ministers and Christian workers in connection with the various churches has been secured. A glance at the programme shows that it contains the names of representatives of nearly all the Protestant churches. This is as it should be, the churches differing in name, in church government, and to some extent in creed, have found it possible heartily to unite in two directions, viz., the instruction of the young and the salvatitt* of the lost; and it will be in connection with these two branches of Christian endeavor that the unification of the church will come about, if it ever does come about. The mission began on Saturday, June 6. with a preparatory service, in which the Kevs. S. Knight, J. G. Wright, and Messrs. A. M. Clark and T. Basey took part. There was a good number present, and the addresses bore chiefly on the methods to be employed and the spirit to be maintained during the mission. ON SUNDAY EVENING the body of the Hall was well filled, nnarly all the chairs being occupied. Upto the hour for commencement young men wereemployed in the streets giving away hills announcing the services. One detachment of the choir was stationed at the entrance to Gawler-place singing hymns to attract the attention of passers by, while another detachment was already on the platform ministering in song to the edification of those of the audience who had taken their seats early. At 8 o'clock Mr. Alex. Walker, the general secretary, took the platform, accompanied by Mr. HoraceBeaney, and was jointd at a later stage of the meeting by the Revs. E. Korke, M.A., and J. G. Wright. Mr. Walker conducted the meeting. The 51st Psalm was read, then followed a brief prayer, " As we enter this mission week may we be cleansed aud fitted for Thy work. Give to those who speak words of wisdom and power which may find a lodgment in many hearts. May the power of the Holy Ghost be present to-night that sinners may be convinced and souls converted. We put our meetings in Thine hand ; we believe Thou has led as to hold them. Give us such blessing aB we need. Thou knowest our need and how to supply it. Bless us as we need in our singing, our reading, our speaking tonight. BIOSB this city and save souls for Christ's Base." Sankey's hymns were used • what should we do withont this collection of hymns, so replete with sasred poetry which expresses the condition of the soul in seeking, finding, aud following God. The compilation of " Songs and Solos " ia a gift to the church which has scarcely yet been duly appreciated, but which could not now be given up without a distinct sense of loss. On Sunday evening there were a sufficient number of persons present familiar with the hymns to sustain the harmony well, and such favorites as " Hallelujah, 'tis done," " Gospel Bells,"and others were sung withsplrit and effect. Mr. Horace Beaney drew a somewhat elaborate word picture of the scene and surroandings of the Sermon on the Mount, and on the outskirts of the multitude the leper. After describing his interview with Jesus' and the Saviour's gracious and willing cure, Mr. Beaney •aid the leper's case was a fitting type of the sinner in hia Bin. Sin separated man from God, and unless cleansed from his sin there was nothing before him but 6 the prospect of a dark eternity. There was hope for the Binner. Jesus was the great physician, able to heal the souls of all who came to him. The leper knew his disease ; he knew, too, where his hope of recovery lay, and he not only knew but acted. Some of those present knew they were Binners. They knew, too, of the power and willingness of Jesus to save. He begged them to act, to do as the leper did—to throw themselves npnn the mercy and power of Christ. _ The Rev. E. Rorke would put a plain question. Were they saved? He begged ttiat each oue would put it to himself and say-Am I saved? Nn man could be saved while living in siu. Sin was a violation of God s lew, and God would not suffer His law to be broken with impunity. The people of Sodom thonght themselves safe, but God's wrath fell upon them, and they were de troved. Let them not think themselves safe till they r came out of sin. He pointed them to Golgotha, to the cross on which Christ died. All who refused to come out of sin into Christ would die the death Christ died ; nay, an eternal death, which Christ did not die. Perhaps there were some who prided themselves on their morality, upon their honesty and uprightness. They did not tell lies, except now and then in business, their conduct was straight and square with all men. So far so good, but to do all one's duty towards man was not enough. The law was given on two tables. One specified our duty to man, and the other our duty to God, and duty to God was placed first. Let no one trust in doing his duty to man. It that was all it was not enough to secure safety. Some might plead Church membership as a ground of safety. But the Scriptures told us of some Church members whom the ground had swallowed up. The elder brother was a church member, but the father preferred the prodigal with his repentance to the elder brother with his pharisaism. In Christ only was safety to be found. There was salvation in no other name. Travellers on the prairies of America, when threatened with danger from fire, burnt the grass around them and found 6afety in standing where the fire had been. The fire of God's wrath against sin had fallen on Christ. If they would take their stand in Him they would be safe. The Rev. J. G. Wright used with good effect the illustration of a child lost in the bush. Men were astray; they were in the broad road, in the way of destruction and death. They could only get back to the narrow way, the way of life through Christ. He dwelt on the importance of looking to Christ for salvation, and closed with an appeal to young men to come to the Saviour. The service closed a few minutes after nine o'clock. Severs! persons remained as enquirers, with whom some of the young men engaged in conversation and prayer. MONDAY. About eight o'clock the service began with the usual preliminaries. At first the attendance threatened to be small, but gradually increased until it reached between two and three hundred persons. The audience was an interesting one; but one could hardly restrain the question—Where are the young men ? Old men, crowned with righteousness, were there ; mothers, whose active love and saintly lives had left a lingering radiance over every feature and expression; young women, sparkling with the freshness and dew of youth; but where were the young men? As an instance of our meaning, the choir consisted of fourteen persons ; two young men on one Bide of the organ and twelve young women on the other. As an evangelistic service for "young men," the audience was fairly open to criticism, because of the meagre representation of their class. The chair was occupied by Mr. H. Beaney, who read the 1st chapter of St. John's first epistle, and then offered prayer. "Whiter than snow" having been sung, the Rev. W. E. Rice, the newly-appointed Baptist minister of the Tynte- street Church, addressed the meeting. The subject was, "The blood of Jesus Christ, His Son, cleanseth from all sin." The Bible deals personally with men. If honestly read, it will lead ns to say, "It speaks to me!" "Thou art the man." So let everybody else be excluded just now. "The blood of Jesus Christ, His Son, cleanseth us." In crossing the desert a caravan had to leave one of its number— an aged man who was sick unto death—at a wayside inn. The missionary of the party resolved to remain with him, and asked the dying man, "Brother, what hope have you beyond the grave?" He replied, "The blood of JesuB Christ, His Son, cleanseth from all sin." A piece of much-used paper was in his hand—it was a leaf of St. John's Epistle—and from that fragment of the New Testament he had learned the truth, which enabled him to die in peace. Much was said in the Bible about "the blood;" it ran like a scarlet line through its teachings; without shedding of blood is no remission. The blood was the life. There was no spot in the Saviour's history so lovely as Mount Calvary; there our guilt had been cancelled; our liberty had been secured ; the sting of death had been taken away; all the blessings of the Gospel had been obtained. " His Son." Tender ties bound father and son together; witness the prodigal and his father; David's grief for the loss of Absalom. "Cleanseth." Every stage of the believer's life was marked by blood. " From all sin." Here was a limitless word—a boundless circuit— all sin. Let them come to the Crosi, throw their arms about it, trusting in nothing but the Saviour's sacrifice and in the name of the Master he would pledge the fulfilment of the precious words of the text. Rev. H. J. Lambert then addressed the meeting. The text in the speaker's mind, although not announced, was evidently the verse addressed by the Savionr to the young man—" Thou art not far from the kingdom of God." Kingdom of God meant " where God reigns; " a King-dom is a country where a King dominates. You might be nw this kingdom without crossing the line. Such was the case of the young man who came to Christ. He was not of the baser sort; he was educated, refined, cultured, he knew much about the commandments, and yet he was onUlde the kingdom—"not far? No doubt, in a similar sense, some whom he addressed were near the kingdom. They had the Bible, had felt the influence of Christian truth, knew what the gospel ment, were surrounded by Christian associations, and these things brought them near. They were not like the heathens, unacquainted with these things. They had convictions concerning God, sin, righteousness, and a judgment to come. Safety, however, was only to be found within the kingdom. A sheet of paper might keep two things apart. They must cross the line that separated them from Christ. Two incidents were related to show how possible it was to perish even near to safety. One was concerning a shepherd who left his home in search of a lost sheep and was overtaken by the darkness and storm and was found dead next morning within a few yards of his homo. Exhausted, he had (jied with the light of his own cottage in his eyes. The other related to a ship which was returning to the Scottish coast with fifteen men on board. Loving friends watched her beating up the harbor—another tack and she would have been safe in the harbor. But in the effort 4o take it she dashed upon the rocks, and onebypne the sailors found a watery grave, leaving nothing bnt ^fragments of broken spars and planks aB mementoes of their fate. Another hymn was song, and it is only fair to ssthat the singing of the choir was very hearty and effective. Prayer was offered, and a request made that the friends would remain to the after meeting. Late hours are to be deprecated, even in the highest service, simply because we are human, and it may be laid down as a very safe rule that the beBt hours for special services on week nights are from 7.30 to 9.30 p.m. To begin earlier is impracticable ; to remain later is undesirable. TUESDAY. As we drew near to the hall on Tuesday evening, we heard in the distance the sounds of singing in the street, and between the verses a Btentorian voice inviting those who had collected together to come to the service in the hall. On entering we found th:it a fair number of persons were already seated, and others kept dropping in. Singing was just concluded. Mr. L. St. J. Kekwick was presiding, and called upon the Rev. E. Gratton to offer prayer, which was done briefly, earnestly, and appropriately. Mr. Kekwick then read Mark xii. from 28th verse, after which the hymn, " I am coming to the Cross," was sung. The Rev. E. Gratton Bpoke on the words, "The Kingdom of God is preached, and every man presseth into it" (Luke xvi. 16). The Kingdom of God was being preached now; the glad tidings of salvation were being proclaimed in that hall, and some were pressing in. At the time the wordB were spoken there was a rush into the kingdom, men were pushing in. He wanted to speak of "push" in regard to salvation; men were often divided into two classes— the saved and the unsaved,—a more accurate classification was demanded. There were some who were far off from the kingdom and had no desire to enter it. These included the proud and self-righteous, as well as the openly wicked. There was another class—those who were not far from the kingdom, who would like to enter, a little push might bring them in. They were being pressed that evening. God by His providence, the Holy Spirit by His grace, Christ by His love, good men by their entreaties, were pressing them to enter. Would they not make a push? There should be an earnest desire to enter if they were to be successful. Some would like to enter, but were not in earnest; there was no depth in their desire, and they did not push. He described the effects of a crush to get into a theatre, by which many lives had been lost. If men were as earnest as these people they would push to get in. There should also be a strong resolve to get in, the will should be moved as well as the feeling, if men were to get into the kiDgdom. The prodigal did not return to his father's house until he said, " I will arise.'' His will was roused to action. The mightiest difficulties had been overcome by the exercise of will. If they willed to be Christians they would be successful. Whosoever will, let him come. Resolve should be followed by action. The woman, who suffered from an infirmity, was not cured until she came to Christ, pushed her way through the press, and touched the hem of His garment. She knew how to push. In spite of all the difficulties which lay between them and Christ, if they pushed they would overcome. There was 6trong pressure against them ; the world, the flesh, and the devil were opposed to them ; but God was seeking those who sought Him, and, by His help, resolution and action would triumph. He begged them to make thorough work of conversion; to give themselves fully to God without any reserve, once for all, and for ever. He begged them to press into the kingdom that night, to seek salvation there and then. After a very sweet hymn very sweetly sung, Mr. E. Saunders spoke. His object was to show the simplicity of salvation and God's desire that all should obtain it. It was impossible to conceive that God should desire anything but the eternal good of those whom he had created. If men would sin they must suffer. God showed the way and urged men to walk in it, and warned them that if they would not do so they could not be saved. God desired the salvation of every soul, but could not save men in sin. Provision was made for in Christ taking away sin. All who believed in Christ should be saved. Christ would one day come to judge the world. How would it be in that day with those who had refused Him. The will must be submitted to God, the life given up to Him. Christ must be trusted fully and implicitly. He begged them not to trifle with conviction, but to accept Christ that night. The last address erred Bomewhat on the side of length ; indeed, both were a little too long. Where there are two speakers in a service not supposed to exceed an hour, neither address should go beyond fifteen minutes. Mr. Moody's watchword is, 6peak short; we commend it to those who have yet to take part; in theBe services. An after meeting followed, to which a number remained for conversation and prayer. Mr. Walker informs UB that there have already been a number of cases of decided conversion. In next issue we shall give reports of the remaining services. 