Educated Seals. THE education of what are called the lower animals is certainly making progress. Learned pigs, conversa- tional parrots, facetious donkeys, canaries who delight to make helio ve that they are dead and spring up again with increased enjoyment, humorous dogs, and satirical elephants, are familiar to all who care to observe the > intelligence shown by what somebody, has termed " our j poor relations." Till lately the seal has generally es- caped the pains and pleasures of education. He has been valued commercially for his skin, and admired sentimentally for the pathetic eye with which he rivals the gazelle. But the depths of his genius have not hitherto been disclosed. There are now at the West- minster Aquarium several of these pretty and curious animals, whose feats Bhow an intelligence and a capacity for being amusing and companionable which is well worth notice. They ring bells, they play sundry musical instruments, including a drum and banjo, and they sing I not more out of tune than the Salvation Army. The j sense of music which seals possess has long been known, and all their performances at the Westminster Âqua-. I rium are accompanied by a piano. They will take a pipe and smoke it with all the complacency of a country rector at his own fireside. At the word of command they will climb up a sloping flight of steps - and take a headlong plunge into the tank below. They are trained to play tricks on one another. One will pretend tb be a baby, and will crawl into a basket ; and, as soon as he is comfortably settled, another will come up and knock him, basket and all, into the water. When a little boat, with two or three children in it, is set afloat the seals will be yoked in front of it, and will draw it and its cargo round the pool. A doll, nearly as large as themselves, representing a drowning man, will be given to them, and they will swim round with it, remaining themseves underneath, but holding the head of the figure above water all the time. They will fetch, carry, and retrieve, as well as any dog, bringing back with equal ease a stick thrown into the tank or a heavy block of wood. They fire off guns and pistols, and in one case we noted especially that the six barrels of the revolver were discharged with regular precision.- Their-, successful achievements are rewarded with fish to eat ; and with the seals, às with other animals trained to per- , form feats, it is found that kindness is the best school. ; They are so well educated that one of the tasks which I the seal has to fulfil is to swim after a live fish thrown ' into the water and bring it back to his master unr harmed.. Had we been the seal wes might have done otherwise ; and we might, as eye-witnesses, have had our doubts as to the possibility of the fact here recorded had it not been for other performances in which there ; was no opportunity for legerdemain on the part of the , showman. The most curious experiment of all was : the " Christian Martyr." The seal, enveloped in a ; red garment, dived into the tank, and, after struggling. in the water for one. or two minutes, turned round on . his back and feigned to give up the ghost. When he ; came again to the surface he must certainly haye", enjoyed the applause with which he was greeted. .'A waltz was performed in the water by one of the animals to the tune of a cracked piano, which showed that they had more than a rudimentary sense of music. Perhaps if the music had been better the. seals would have danced with more agility. One of the prettiest of the ; performances was that of a seal' imitating Captain; Boyton crossing the Channel. The creature lay on its back with a flag and a sail in its fins, and quietly sailed J rnnnfi the water. The show is well worth a visit. Í -Saturday Review. , j - 