SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. [BY TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.,) THE V. R. C. GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE MEETING. MELBOURNE, SUNDAY. The Grand National Steeplechase Meeting in connection with the V. R. C. was held at Flemington on Saturday, on which occasion there was a large attendance, his Excellency the Governor and party being among the visitors. The weather was threatening, but the rain kept off during the day. As regards the racing, the lain of the night before falling upon the turf, which was then in beautiful order, had softened it considerably, and put many of the more heavily weighted horses out of court. The fact that a field of 14 horses saddled for the Maiden Hurdle Race showed that amongst the owners the race was considered an open one. Amongst the lOst. division Raven was most fancied, but Hippogriff, who had Corrigan in the saddle, and consequently 301. more weight than the Get. allotted to him, was the best backed horse in the lot. The race was an interesting one, with only a single misadventure, which WEST furnished by Oculist, who, when running well, fell over a hurdle at the back of the course. The followers of the Dowling Forest jumpers, who in this case were legion, commenced well, for Corrigan brought Hippogriff home an easy winner from Sea Breeze and Duration, the other placed horses. For the Maiden Steeplechase, seven horses came out, and amongst the riders in silk were two amateurs. The backers in this race would speak of nothing but Reticent, and the horse proved himself quite worthy of their patronage After cantering behind Lady Ashton, who led for a great portion of the journey, Reticent caught the mare In a few strides when his rider wished it, and won with the greatest comfort. The emphatic success of Cor- rigans first mount to some extent allayed any doubt about his second. It certainly savoured of rashness to back Recruit in the hurdle-racing; profession so heavily, even though he had proved his ability to gallop a long distance on the flat. Sheet Anchor was backed in a great majority of the doubles taken on the two Grand National events, as well as being backed straight out at 6 to 4 against. The horse was at very short odds in a field of 10, In his opening gallop Sheet Anchor went more quietly than the Dowling Forest horses usually do. The Agent was looking bright and stout, and he cantered along as quietly as usual, but popular opinion about the horse was that on such a day his weight should keep him back, with some of the horses near the bottom of the card. After the horses had gone about half a mile, Beauchamp, who was riding apparently according to orders on Guardfish, made the race a very fast one. If he did nothing more by these tactics, he probably destroyed any chance that the favourite may have had of landing the race. Accidents were early recorded, for entering on the straight running by river side, Star and Tantaliser fell over the same hurdle, and only one jockey rose with his horses, as Croaker, who rode Tantaliser, had fallen upon his head and sustained concussion of the brain. The nest fall put Omadhaun out of the race and hampered the favourite. The former brought Batty down as they were about to enter the straight for the second time, but the crack cross-country rider, noticing his peril, jumped away nimbly to one side out of the way of the horses following home, but as Omadhaun floundered about his bridle rein got wound about Sheet Anchor's foUoak, so that Corrigan and his horse nearly came down. Possibly this had something to do with his subsequent running, for the horse was ever afterwards last. In the second round Guard fish was driven along just as rapidly as at first, and towards the finish he survived the efforts of both Cockboat and Rattler to draw up even with him. The Agent, who was ridden with great judgment by Ferguson, made his rush as the horses turned for the final run to the post, and in a few seconds the Adelaide jumper had the others quite at his mercy. His rider rushed up the horse past GuardfUh, and easily won the Grand National Hurdle Race in a canter. Fourteen horses remained in to do battle for the great jumping prize of the year-the Grand National Steeplechase. For such on event any number of horses over a dozen is always considered a big field. It was rather a strange circumstance to find two horses from the same stable the best favourites. The stable had complete confidence in both horses, but their faith was firmest in the case of Morven. "While in training the pair had been tried in Dowling Forest course, when Wymlet ran off ; so they brought down Morven as it was feared that he might upset the trick, and now they booked the horse who was certain to stand up, but he didn't. In his opening stretches Wymlet showed the more life of the two and was evidently in fine condition for such a race. The race was full of disasters, as seven Rood jumping horses in Granville, Mernaor, Morven, Moonlight, Loo, Native, and Progress, all fall at different points of the race, and riderless horses were to be seen everywhere. To the onlookers, the unpleasant incident of the race was when Mernder, Morven, and Moonlight fell almost in a body over the stone wall. Mr. Watson and Scobie were thrown clear of danger on either side, and Hill in riding Moonlight had also his piece of good luck. M'Grudo's horse struck the wall heavily, turning a somersault, and fell heavily on his back, but Hill was not in the saddle, as the heavy shock, which proved his salvation, shot him clear away from his horse. Loo and Progress lived until they had passed the Abattoirs for the second time. Malone was carried to the ambulance waggon, the sheen of his blue silken jacket making his face look very livid indeed. Native was especially unfortunate, for after running all the perils of the double circuit he came down just when a few seconds more would have seen him in the straight with a good lead of everything in the run home. After all this trouble the race resolved itself into a three furlong gallop between three jaded horses; but Wymlet, having better stamina than the little Sailor, beat him in the home stretch, and placed another Grand National Steeplechase to the credit of his stables and his plucky rider. It was a great performance on the part of Denmark to come home third under the circumstances, and Kilduff's cardinal jacket, having scarcely a speck of mud upon it, showed that he had been in front all through, and that his horse had made no mistakes. Of all the riders who came to grass, none were seriously injured. The, two remaining events, the Selling Hurdle and the flat race, were invested with only limited interest, for Farnborough, the tall chestnut with a Dowling Forest polish about him, was made favourite, and started with the odds of 6 to 4 against him. Corrigan could only put him second, however, as the race was a real good thing for the grey Student, who had suffered to no degree by his exercise in the Grand National Hurdle Race. For the flat race Favour-, with Cracknell in the saddle, had a strong support, but he was never prominent. The finish of the race was one fine struggle between Plausible and the Ghost, and the latter won by three-quarters of a head. Although his head starting price was 10 to 1, the horse carried a lot of money for the stable. The details of the racing are appended : - MAIDEN HURDLES about 2 miles. Mr. H. G. Talbot's b a HlppogiHr, 8 years, by Aldinga-nip- pons., Obt. 3lb. (Corrigan). 3 Mr. J. Rhoden'B b Sea Breeze, 4 years, 8st. 2lb. (Hill) ... 2 Mr. J. Cripps' be of Duration, 4 years, 9st. 12 lb. (M'Leod) 8 The following horses also started Coup d'etat, 10st. 5lb. ; Grattan, 10st. 5lb. ; Echo, 10st. 2lb. ; Oculist, 10st. 2lb. ; Ace; 10st. 2lb. ; Insolvent, 10st. 2lb. ; Raven, 10st. 2lb. ; Walhalla, 10st. 2lb. ; Athonian, Ost. 121. ; Sun croft," 9st. 8lb. j and Ebony, 9st. Betting: 4 to 1 v. Hippogriff, 6 to 1 v. Raven, 7 to 1 v. Insolvent, 8 to 1 v. Duration, 10 to 1 v. Oculist and Sea Breeze, 12 to 1 v. Athenian. ' The race was won by a length and three-quarters. Time, 4 minutes 3 seconds. MAIDEN STEEPLECHASE about 2 miles. Mr. G. H. Reid's br g Hotlcent, 4 years, by silence, 10st 7lb. (Chaitou). .... ' 1 Hon. W. Pearson's b m Lady Ashton, 6 years, last. 121. Mr. S. Miller's b's Kulkyne, aged, 11st. 1918" (Martin. Watson')" 3 The other starters were Brown Eagle, 11st. 4lb.: Joe's Indian Queen II., 11st. 7lb. ; Signal, list. 8lb. and Riverton, list. lib. Betting : 6 to 4 v. Reticent and Lady Ashton. The event was won in a canter by ten lengths. Time, 6 minutes 23 seconds. GRAND NATIONAL HURDLES about 3 miles. Mr, H. T. Hart's ch h The Agent, by Slanderer, 6 years, last. 8lb. (Ferguson) 3 Mr. J. P. D. Laurie's br g Guards, 5 years, 8st. 8lb. (Beau champ) 2 Mr. W. S. Cox's b h Coekboat, 6 years, 9st. (Cox) 8 Huntsman, list. 3lb. ; Sheet Anchor, lOst. 121. ; Star, lOst. 111. ; Student, lOst. 111. ; Tattler, Ost. 111. ; Omadhaun, 9st. 8lb. and Tantaliser, 9st., also started. Betting : 6 to 4 v. Sheet Anchor, 4 to 1 v. The Agent, 10 to 1 v. Star, Student and Ontario. Both Star and Tantttlisor came down in this race. Crocker, the rider of the latter, was pitched on his head, and subsequently was taken to the Melbourne Hospital, suffering from concussion of the brain. Omadhaun also fell later on, and his bridle got about Sheet Anchor's fetlock, who, however, kept his legs. The Agent won by three lengths. Sheet Anchor was early and hopelessly beaten. During the greater part of the race Guardfish was loading by 60 yards. The Agent was artistically ridden, and came up rapidly at the straight. Time, 6 minutes J second. GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE about 3 miles Mr. M. Loughlin's b g AVymlot, by King Tom, 4 years, 10st. 4lb. (Company 1 Mr. G. Russell's ch g Sailor, aged, 9st. 10lb., (M'Xood). 8 Mr. J. Cohen's b g Denmark, aged, 12st. 111. (Kilouff) ... 3 The other starters Avoie Governor, 11st. 6lb. : Morven, 11st. 4lb.; Forester, list.; Moonlight, 10st. 10lb.; Granville, 10st. 8lb. ; Progress, 10st. 7lb. ; Native, 10st. 7lb. ; Minerva, 10st. 5lb. ; Mernder, 10st. 5lb. ; Leo, 9st. 10lb., and Trickett, 9st. 7lb. Betting: 5 to 1 v. Morven, 6 to 1 each v. Wymlet and Governor, 10 to 1 v. Denmark, Forester, Progress, Sailor, and Loo, 12 to 1 v. Mernder and Granville. At the third jump Granville came down, and on the second round Mornder, Moonlight, and Morven fell almost together. Shortly afterwards Forrester came to grief, while the fence at the home side of the abattoirs brought down Leo and Progress. From this Native went with the lead, but the last fence brought him down, and Denmark was left with nothing between him and the winning post; but'Wymlet and Sailor were too close for the heavy weight, and the former won by five lengths, Sailor two and a half lengths from Denmark, and nothing else finished Time, 7 minutes 191 second-. SELLING HURDLES U mile Mr P J Cox's g- a student, nil, aged, Lecturer "carcase, lOst Illb (Croe) 1 Mr M I eighths eli ¡jlltimboiough, nil, 6 years, 9st 10lb (Con it in) 2 Mr H Phillis s br h Doncaster nil Gieirs list (Chaston) S The following horses also started -Equity, 10st 10lb , Tusilici 10st 10lb Alleging 10st 8lb Betting 6 to 1 ^ llaniboiouti-h, i to 1 v Student and Done ister, 5 to 1 Equity's ad Assegai The race was won by three lengths Time, 3 minutes 47 seconds The winner MUS bought in for 110 sovs FLAT RACE mile Mr J G Held 3 ch g Ghost aged inmates) story 8st 5lb (J Williams) 1 lion in Southern carbon a b g 1 Inn-, Mc 5 goals But 10lb (Power) 3 Mr Jones s br c 138 German shells 7st 3lb (Blair) 8 The other starters were -R rates 9st 2lb , Anglesey, 8st lb , Fernlea, 7st 12lb Ringmaster, 7st 8lb , Cm contains, 7st 7lb , Sirocco, 7st 5lb , Gardens, 7st 5lb , 1 avour, 7st 4lb , Sir Charles, 7st 2lb Worilclcl, 7st 2lb A cool, 6st 10lb , Agatha, 6st 10lb and Berkeley, 9st 8lb Betting 6 to 4 v Favour, 7 to 1 each v Gardener and member 10 to 1 each -A Plausible, The Ghost, Sirocco, Bohetni m, Sir Charles, and Vernon This event was won by three quarters of a head, with Plausible two lengths in front of Bohemian Time, 4 minutes 48 seconds 