SPORTING NOTES. BY FLANEUR. To-day the curtain wilt rise on the great V.R.C. Autumn Meeting, and I can coufidently predict the largest attendance of the public yet seen at races during this season of the year. The course is in splendid order, and some of the old time records should be broken. The New market Handicap is the piece de resistance of the i opening day, and as almost ever; horse in it has been backed for large sums of money, the interest will be intense until it is do cided. The E-sendou Stakes, Ascet Vale, St. Leger, and the Hopewell and Brunswick Stakes will furnish one of the grandest day’s racing evor witnessed in the autumn at Fiemington. Great regret is expressed on all hands at the loss of Lo Grand, for a better specimen of a genuine racehorse is but rarely seen. Notwithstanding the tropical manner in which the first, second, third, and fourth favorites have been served up for the Newmarket, I am still deliberately of opinion that neither of them will win. It is a race that a tipster, haying any regard for his skin or reputation would do well to fight shy of, and as I have a particular respect for the former, I will merely indicate a trio which I think will do some tall spinning in that event. Tho other races I believe are to be fairly well picked, and “ Flaneur ” will, therefore, en deavour to pick them as straight as possible. The Hon. James White and Mr O. M. Lloyd have returned from New Zealand, and will be at the V.R.C. Autumn races. FergusoD, the trainer, who was kicked some time ago by a young horso, has nearly recovered. Ssttling for the St. Leger day will be done on Monday next. There will be a two days' meeting at Coleraine in April. The programme is a most attractive one. Mr C. S. Agnew intends to dispose of'his string of racehorses as soon as the. Autumn meeting is concluded. Town Moor is very much favoured by Western district people for the Newmarket to-day. Ho should run a good horse. ‘ The L mdsborough Turf Club has issued a fir3t-class programme for their annual meet ing- . - Ail the Ballarat horseß engaged in the autumn .events of the V.R.C. .have arrived- safely at Fiemington. ' " v ; The D medio Cup of 1000 sovs has. been won by Vanguard. ] Le Grand died on Thursday at Newmarket, Ho won the A.J.C. Darby, ran second in lost year’s Newmarket Handioap, third in the Aus tralian Cup, and won the Champion. In the (Handicap he was left at the post, and in the Cup !be blundered over Magnet, who was killed. Bar [his bad luck be should have won both events. Members of . the Victorian Club are to be served with writs on behalf of Mr L. Barnard for £5OOO for expellinghim from the clflb, . The weights for.the Gordon and Egerton raoesare published in this issue.-,. They appear to.be'well adjusted, andi some -very interesting; finishes should result.. - With fine weatheethis \- club will have a bumper attendance, and they certainly should~have lt, forthemanageinent alwaysdoes its. r best bbth td deserte tand'tßOm-' maud suocoss. " ' " '' \- -There is only one horse-in - the Newmarket that : has not been backed for a kettleful of money. The betting is not 'a hundred .td'ohe. that the lamb will not have its pelt taken'off once more. The books will Bunk Bonnt if it comes off. My tips are- Essendon Stakes. - Commotion or Plunger. • . . Should. Malua start, I drop The Plunger.- Ascot Vale. ■ ' Monte Christo or Dunlop. . . St. Leseb. Silver King, Mozart, David should run 1,2, 8. Newmarket Handicap, . i Coronet, Alphabet, and Mistake Should be about at the finish, with Topaz and the. Ghost.very Handy. . Hopeful Stakes, - -■ '-■■■ ■ Uralla. ■ Brunswick Stakes. '.: r • ' Wolcome Jack or Littlo Sister. . 