RACING INTELLIGENCE. VICTORIA RACING CLUB SPRING MEETING. THIRD (OAKS) DAY. At the third daj'u meet of the V.R. Club's spring carnival the attendance was the largest Mi at baa been seen on the course on any Oake Daj meeting, just as the Cup gathering waB larger this year than any other. This shows that the club's Spring Meeting is growing iniformly in popularity. As regards the racing, all went well up to the starting of the last event, the Veteran Stakes, for which there was a large field. The horses swept past the grand stand in a close body, and were just commencing to round the turn when there was a stumble in the middle of them, a puff of dust, a loud cry from the spectators, and a crowd of horses were seen to gallop over three others that had fallen. As soon as the last of the field had passed, Kingship was seen galloping riderless away, Doncaster was lying dead in the middle of the track, and Grace Darling was slowly getting up. One of the joekeys (Toole) quickly rose to his feat Ethridge, the rider of Doncaster, was half sitting against the lence, holding his arm, while William?, Grace Darling's jockey, was apparently seriously hurt. He was lyiog quite motionless behind Doncaster. A crowd of people at once picked the jockey up, and pulled Doncaster out of the way of the horses left in the race when they should come round And pass the winning post. Drs. Fitzgerald, 0*Hara, Robertson, and Turner hastened from the grand stand to attend the injured jockeys in the tasaalty-room, when it was happily found that none of them were seriously hurt, and after a time they were all able to go home, or to be conveyed away. Williams was the most severely injured. He is suffering from bruise* on the pelviB, caused by the field galloping over him after Grace Darling, who was the first to fall, came do wo, but he is progressing favourably,andis expected to recover soon. He bad a wonderful escape, as a dozen horses teemed to gallop right over him. The Agent was running close to Grace Darling when she fell, and the hone's experience over burdlts stood him in good stead, for with a double leap he cleared both Grace Darling and the lifeless Doncaster. The other jockeys were toadly shaken, and suffered some trifling contusions, nothing more serious. Doncaster turned a somersault, and falling upon his head, broke his neck. The mishap, which created a great sensation, was caused by the riders hugging the fence at the turn too closely, all of them being evidently too anxious to get the inside running. The same keenneu caused a good deal of delay at the post, where William* sen, the rider of Welcome Jack, was fined <£5 for disobeying the starter, and being afterwards brought before the stewards he was suspended from riding until 31st December. Appended are the results of the racing :— HUD EN PLATE, Of 10 novfl. each, with 260 added. The second horse to receive 60 so vs. out of the stake. Weight for age. One mile and a half. Hen. W. Robinson's b c Winchester Gate Manchester), by St. George—Mies Flat, 3 yra, Tst. 91b. (Derritt) 1 Mr. F, Henty*s b o Cyclops, 3 yrs, 7et. 91b, 2 Ifr. Whittingham's br c Par wan, 3 yra,7st. 91b. 3 Percussion alio ran. Time, 2min. 64sec, THH FLYING STAKES, Of 6 sovs. each, with 200 added. The second hone to receive €0 sots, out of the stake. Weight for age. Three-quarters of a mile. Mr. D.. Cooper's ch c Blairgowrie, 2 jts, by Vespasian—Atholine, 6st. 61b. (Flannagan) 1 Hon. W. LoDg'ech f Maddelina, 2 yrs, 6st. lib, 2 Mr. D. Cooper's ch c Gbesham, 2 yrs, 6st. 6lb. 3 Halcyon, Acme, CI el i a, and Gemini also ran. Time, lmin. 20Jaec. 8PBIKQ HANDICAP. Of 8 bots. each, with 200 added. The second horse to receive 50 sovs. out of the stake. Ooe mile and a quarter. Mr. H. Oxeobara'a b f Cerise and Blue.byWil- feerforce—Myrtle, 4 yrs, 6st. 101b (Gorry) 1 Mr. W. Condron's br h Velocipede, 6 yrs, 7st. 121b. (Barton) 2 Mr. W. Filgate's bt o L&vington;, 4 yrs, 7st 3 St Lawrence, Honeydew, Chucketer, Camefine, The Ghost, St. John, Merrimu, Lantern, Gratitude, Merman, Arsenal, Lesbia, and Marie Louise also r»n. Time. 2min. lOJsee. THE BOTAL PABK BTAKBS, Of 5 eovs. each, with 200 added. The second horse to receive 60 sots, out of the stake. Weight for age. Two miles. Mr. D. O'Brien's b c Trenton, by Muscat- Frailty, 4 yrs, 9at, 31b., including 31b. penalty (Robertson) 1 Mr. 8. G. Cook's ch o Bemus, 3 yrs, 7sU 61b. (Sanders) 2 Mr. A Robertson's br c Dunlop, 3 yra, Tst, 9Jb, including 31b. penalty (Foon) ... 3 First Chester and Isoaomy also started. Time, 4m in. lSsec. WEIGHT FOB AGE STEEPLECHASE, Of 6 sovs. each, with 300 added ; the second horse to receire 60 BOTE, out of the stake. About two miles and a half. Mr. G. Watson'sb g Banker, aged, list. 131b., carried 12st. 41b. (Mr. T. Watson) 1 Mr. J. Cohen's b g Denmark, aged, list. 131b. 2 Mr. J. Cook's bg Trickett, aged, list. 131b. 3 Denmark raced away to the front as usual at the start, and had a lead of 16 lengths to the back, where, to the surprise of everyone, the hone came down, and rising galloped away without bis rider. Tricketttooka 60yards lead, and going slowly the pair passed the stand, both lumping rather awkwardly. As they came opposite the stand Kilduff bad remounted Denmark at the back, and with half a round between them, set out on a desperate stern chase. He was mating up his ground rapidly, but at the rail fence the first of the treble in front of the stand he again rolled over. Kildufi again jumped into the saddle, and was loudly cheered as he still oontinued in pursuit. By this time Trickett had got a lead of about half a mile, but at the jump he too fell, but was quickly remounted. At the back Banker fell, but Mr. Watson got into the saddle again. Trickett cantering on, won by a long distance, but as be turned too soon into the straight, and missed the last jump, he was disqualified, and the race given to Banker, who finished cantering about 60 yards in front of Denmark. Denmark, with all his mishaps, got second money. Time, 7min. 25{aec. THE OAKS STAKES. Of 26 sore, each, with 375 sovs. added; 300 eovs. and all the sweepstakes for the .first horse, 60 ho vs. for the second, and 26 sovs. for the third. For three-year- old fillies. One mile and & half. Hon. J. White's b or br f Uralla, by Chester —Moonstone, 8st. 101b. (Halts) 1 Hon. Wm. Pearson's b f Parody, 8st 101b. (Power) 2 Mr. M. Jacob's ch f Lady Claudia, 8st 101b. (O'Brien) 3 Buttress and Violet also started. Bettiog.— 2 to 1 on Uralla ; 5 to 1 each agat Parody and Lady Claudia. Violet was quickest in moving away, but Uralla at once went to the front, followed by Parody, Violet, Lady Claudia, and Buttress in order. Going along the river side the favorite was about a length and a half in front of Parody, who was a length before Lady Claudia. At the girths of the last named came Buttress, a length and a half in advance of Violet, running last. At the bridge Uralla was two lengths in advance, but otherwise there was no obange in the positions worth mentioning. As tbey came round opposite the stand on the back 6tretcb, Uralla was still leading by two lengths from Parody, who was the same distance ahead of Lady Claudia. A half-length further back came Buttress, two lengths in advance of Violet, who was last. As tbey came down towards the turn Uralla still held the 6ame lead from Parody, who waB six lengths ahead of the others. Uralla led them into the straight, and Power, on Parody, tried to improve his position here, but, although Hales sat quietly on the favourite, Parody could never trouble her, and without being once called on Uralla ran home the winner by a length from Parody, who was four lengths in front of Lady Claudia. Violet and Buttress were a hundred yards behind, and beaten cflE. AsattheAJ.G. meeting at Randwick, Mr. White thus took the treble weight-forage event, a record that stands alone in the history of Australian racing. Time, 2min.41^sec. THE VETEBAN STAKES, Of 6 sovs, each, with 200 added. The second horse to receive 50 sovs. out of the stake. One mile and a half. Mr. M. Loughlin'8 b g Britisher, by John Bull —La Favorita, aged, 7st. 121b. (Fallon) ... 1 Mr. H. Oxenham's bf Cerise and Blue, 4 yrs, 6st 81 b. (Gorry) 2 Mr. M. Jacobe's b c Metal, 4 yrs, 6st. 12lb. 3 Other starters :—Grace Darling, Tom Brown, Welcome Jack, Acolyte, Kit Nubbles, Coriolanus, Lord Wilton, Plausible, Wiog, Cbuckster, Ruby, The Agent, Comet, Bosworth, Tempc, Anglesey, Ravens worth, Doncaster, Me nt more, Kingship, Genoe. Cbuckster was fourth, Kit Nubbles fifth, Anglesey sixth, Wing seventh, Tom Brown eighth, The Agent next, and Tempe last. Jime, 2min. 28Jsec. 