}CIOES kOF MBELBOURZIV. (li TunE GIosrT.) . The conference of Premiers on the annex ation question, which it was suggested should be held at Hobart during the last week in January, hls fallen through. The irivited gentlemen, when asked to attend, all commuenced to act in accordance with an ancient precedent, and with one accord to offer excuses, and these were certainly of the lament. None of the honourable gentlemen had recently " married a wife ;" none of them had recently purchased "a yoke of oxen;" none of them have just acquired fairms, of whicli they are desirois of at I once entering into possession; and not one I of them is cosmpelled to " go his way to his merchandise." Yet somcehow they could not make it convenient to attend, ind allowed the golden opportunity which acci dentally presented itself for offering a united and emphatic protest against the nianner in which Australasian interests have been neglected by the Governnment of the motheri country, to pass uinprofit" ably. Is it therefore to be wondered at tliat Mr. Service should feel somewshat sre and sulklc at tlie failure of his en deavour to secure concerted action by tihe colonies, and have betaken himself, to So rento? Perhaps the honourable gen- i tlemain las discovered thalt despite the y public meetings, the late talk indulged in, and the strings of resolutions unanimously passed, there is after all no very deep I public feeling in regard to the New Guinea question, and that when the surprise oc casioned by the action of Prince Bismarck , lihas subsided, and the matter licen caluily considered, there really was otlthing to be vbry much frightened at, and very little to offend our dignity. Had there been any genuine enthusiasm, any thorough popular sentiment at work, the colonies would hhrdly have contented themselves with talking. Victoria, at all events, has in the pinst proved herself ready to act when the occasion demanded it-ias witness the Eureka Stockade-and a large infdsion of "the native born" element has assuredly not caused since that bygone episode in her history any deterioration in her moranle. At all events Mr. Service may console iiilself with the reflection tuiat if lie has not achieved success, ihe has done his best to deserve it. It is asserted as i fact that " the darkeat i l(our is the one which precedes tihe dawn." This meteorological phenomenon is one generally accepted on trust, few persons as a rule caring td ascertain the truth or otherwise of the statement by actual observation. But if it be indeed true, then there is some hope of the long pro tiacted bootmnakers' strike soon coming to an end, for tie look-out of the operatives is indeed just now of the bliatkest. Funds lie coming in so. ilowly to support the Unionists that on Monday the weekly dole tb. men with wives and families was ri-diced to twenty shillings, while bachelors had to be content with thirteen. And for eight dreary weeks upwards of seven hundred young girls Aind four hundred children who have been compulsorily idle owing to tle strike have not received a single farthing ih the shape of wages. This state of mattei's was made public at a meeting held' in Melbourne on Monday evening, and must have been within the knowledge of the male disciples of St: I'rispin since tihe commencement of the quarrel with the manufacttirers. That they should have permitted it says little for their gallantry-let alone their man hood-and is certainly calculated to shake any faith that may exist in the adage that "there is nothing like leather." Famil. iarity with the thick hides upon which they operate would almost appear to have caused the men who profess the hoot umiking trade to become the neverse of thin- skinned themselves when the sufferings of others are tobe considered. However, it is now ap parent that the daiwn of a reconciliation between masters and men is at hand. Matters have been aunicably settled in Ballalrat without the intervention of Mr. Trenwith; and that gentleman being at present absent in Sydney, there is no ob stacle to a satisfactory solution of the question here. Before another week has passed, it is more than probable that the public will have no more cause to bother their heads about a dispute which entirely concerns their feet. By a certain section of the community, the recent appalling railway accident in New South Wales is looked upon in the light of "a judgment!" "What else could be expected but ruin and disaster, to a train travelling on a Sunday, and chiefly filled with betting men and book makers ?" The "warning,". however, which these good people tell us is conveyed in the occurrence of the disaster, loses much of its significance when it is borne in mind that most of the visitors belong to "the chosen people," and occurred on a day that does not happen to be their Sabbath ! Is it possible, now that Mr. Berry is claimed by the Salvation Army as one of their latest converts, to welcome that gentleman on his return from Tasmania in the orthodox fashion in vogue amongst the followers of Colonel Booth ? If so, hallelujah! hallelujah ! The Chief Secreo tary has succeeded in establishing free trade between Victoria and the tight little island across Bass's Straits! Tell it not in Collingwood, whisper it not in the streets of Geelong, that protection has re ceived its first wound at the hands of its arch-priest! Collins-street and Flinders lane rejoice and are glad. And no wonder. 'or is not their joy over a "staunch pro tectionist," and therefore ninety-nine times greater than it would be if simply caused by a benighted free trader ? Truly are the ways of the Government telpartments of Victoria more " peculiar" than those of the heathen Chines ! Some little time ago, the delay in the delivery of the mails, and the inconvenience caused to passengers arriving by sea in the "over land" steamers, by the practice of anchor ing tihe vessels in IHobson's Bay, were such as to induce the issue of an order that in future the P. and 0. boats should come up to the Railway pier at Williamstown to land their living and literary freight, lwhere a special tranin was to be in attend ance to convoy travellers and correspon nence to Melbourne. This arrangement, whlich was fonnd to work most satisfac torily, is now to be knocked on thie head, becanuse the Railway Department insist on charging the Post-office witln .500 per lnnum as the cost of the train, and tihe Post.office authorities consider thie charge is"exorbitant." Canu tlhe force of folly further go? It would not maike any dif ference to the colony if tile I'Post-ollice were charged a million per annnm. The nrail Way receipts would be increasedl (on paper) by that amnount, whicnh would be placed to the debit of the Post- office, and no one would be better or worse off. But because of this silly departnentasl squalnble, the old inconvenient system is to be reverted to I If our highly paid IRailway and Civil Scervico Commissioners are unable to stop such ofllicial folly and stupidity, people willbegin to ask themselves if they have really a raiso ud'elre. Ainl aliroios of thie Civil Service Conn Imissioners, it may be imentioned tnhat anlong Government olicers, from tihe !ighest to the lowest, tlhese gentlemen are alreily most unlpopnular. ''To limit a civil Servant to half an hour for lunIcICon time, is to compel him to bolt hisia food, thus inducing indigestion, dyupepsia, amd all thie other numerous ills to which tie ill treated hIuman stoininch is heir; but to delprive him-of thie best half hlour on "tihe block"-to chain him to his hated desk between four and half-pi:st, while tile fashionable world is panrading thie favourite resort of the Melbourne bea nnlonde, is too, too cruel Bronugh Smnyth himself could hardly, say the " curled darlings," have duone anythling more atrocious. By tihe way one of the Commissioners gradunated under that gentlemnan. Can this fact "acncount for tile milk in the cocoanut P" "Rotten Itow" is now a fully recognisod nietropolitan institution. But its name Inas been changed, and it is now kInown as ' The Drive." On every Friday afternoon a band, under the ubiquitous Herr Plock not a German band, as might perhaps be inferred from the name-but an array of really competent musical performers, enliven thie scene, and awaken the melodious echoes of thie Albert Park. Liberal subscriptions have been made to wards beautifying the margin of the lake round which the equipages of everyone who is any one in Victoria's capital, display the latest tastes in dress, equipages, and liveries. Why Fridays sho'uld have been selected as the day for the grand gather ings of the elite is somewhat of a puzzle ; unless indoed, in deference 'o the ladies who then do mostly congregate, it has. been chosen because it is, with many, a fastl day: 