VICTORIA. Melboubke, March 13. A special meeting of the Cabinet was held yesterday. Various matters of urgency, including one or two connected with the defences of tte colony, came under atamdera* tion, but the Government, do not tiiink-it desirable the decisions arrived at relative to , the defence of the colony or any steps to *-« placing them ina state of preparation for ail emergencies should be made known through the Press. The Premier stated it was his intention to withold all information on the subject for the present at all events. About fifty bootmakers are out on strike from several establishments at Collingwood. A dispute has arisen on the question of em ploying non-union men. The union men are . objecting to it, and the manufacturers are contending that according to the recent settlement, they have a right to employ non union so long as they union wages. The boot manufacturers generally have closed their ? shops against men who have gone oat on strike, and have resolved not to employ .them. The Premier has during the last two days, been in communication with the Premiers of tiie other colonies on the subject of «*?'?*'»£ a united Australian contingent to assist in the proposed autumn campaign in the Soudan. The views of the other colonies have been ascertained, and Mr. Service states they are inclined to defer m*l'ng any definite proposals or taking any active steps in the matter until they are in possession of further information from tfreir Agents-General rela tive to the interviews between them and the Imperial authorities. It is probable, there fore, the whole matter will stand in abeyance for the present. A numeroualyattendedmeetingof employers of labour was held this afternoon. A resolu tion was carried forming those present into a union called the Victorian Employer's Union. Rules were adopted and a provisions committee appointed. A meeting of shareholders in George Robertson and Co., Limited, was held to day to consider a proposal to voluntarily wind-op the company. A resolution was passed authorising the winding-up of the present company, and another disposing of the busi ness to Mr. George Robertson at £1 per share with a shilling added, was agreed to. ?OmXitA fcUtatia of Melbourne and sub nrbs, were published intheGoaae to-nkkt, The estimated population of {he district haying a ra*3sBof ten ! miles from tit General Foot Office is 322,690. The following are the acceptances for the Elsternwick Park Cap :— Grace Darling, The Ghost, Ironmaster, Amelia. Victoria, Meteor, Alphabet, L&vington;, Salvo, Bohemian, Bar biere, Gohanna, Mentmore, Miles, Marie Louise, Yellow Hammer. Melbourne, March 16. H.M.S. Kelson has arrived from Sydney, and Admiral Tryon inspected the difierent war vessels for the Victorian Government on Saturday. IIelbocbne, March 16. Hie mounting of the guns at Point Nepean was continncd to-day. Mslboubke, March 17. Communications are stall passing between Mr. Service and the Governments of the other colonies in reference to sending a united Australian contingent to the Soudan. No definite understanding has been arrived at, as Mr. Service has not been made acquainted ?with the decision of the South Australian Government, which seems disposed to have taken, action opart from what may be de termined by Victoria and Queensland. The Government hare practically engaged Major-General Downes, who has just resigned his position as Comrna&dfljrt.; of the Defence forces in Soath Australia, as Secretary of the Defence Department, but the appointment will not be formally made for a week or two. The Executive has connnnted the sentence of '-death passed on John Hunt for the murder of a young man named Redden, at Geelong, to fifteen years' imprisonment with hard It is decided to hold an encampment of the Military Defence forces at Easter. The Naval forces will also be then called for camp work. Melboubke, March 18. Sir William Jervois attended a Cabinet ffiftpjanjr lint^ nomine to consider the bearing of the Afghan question on the colony. The Governor and Major-General Scratcnley were also present. 1 Major-General Downes was yesterday ap pointed Secretary to the Defence Depart ment. ' The Austrian Corvette Saida arrived yes ' terday. Captain Fayenz in command, who has been entrusted with a mission to make inanities mfco the working of the commercial systems of the Australian colonies, with a view of ' opening up business relations be tween Austria and the colonies. Mekboubke, March 19. '- Mr. G. A. Saift visited the Governor yester ' Yesterday Mr. J. R. IKckson, Colonial Treasurer of Queensland, bad an interview with the hon. Mr. CunpbeU, Postmaster Gcnenl of Victoria. 'Scporte tocoygq umn tzte Swan hiii Shire r&fobtt; inspector eh »w that rabbit destruction fa ixrfng successfully prosecuted by the Shire Council, and that the cooperation of the Government in clearing the rabbits from Crown lands is b^ing attended wrtheatirfac toryresultB. 