FLOG low or flog high, the Government cannot satisfy the cravings of the taxpayers. When the Bray Government introduced the New Zealand Tax in the first instance, and proposed to impose a tax on all property, some approved and by many meetings the scheme was endorsed* but the. property clads would not hear of it, and the opposi_ tion in the House was so stronsc that the Bill could not be carried! Then a modified scheme was introduced, but without effect, the measure was lost and the cry was for a Land Tax, Beer Tax, Stamp Tax, Income Tax, in fact any or every tax but on. property, which would reach the warehouses mansions, and palatial residences of .our monied men, as well as • their stocks, flocks and herd?. Now, tho Income, Tax is an accomplished fact, with the Land Tax pure and simple, that so much has been said about and from Port A.ugusta to Mount Gambier the cry is take it back and give us a Property Tax. Scores of meetings have been held but in no case can we remember that the present Act has been endorsed by a resolution carried in its favor at any one of these meetings whilst it has been condemned over and over again as being inquisitorial, complicated, unworkable, unjust, etc. etc. It is quite amusing to note the different views with which people regard the question. The farmers at Snowtown, and in no mea» sured terms, denounced the injustice of the Land Tax as imposing a fresh burden on a class already heavily handicapped in the battle of life. There can be but little doubt that the farming community generally will endorse the utterances of the Snowtown meeting-, where stamps and otiber commodities were to relieve the land from the tax now imposed on it. Then in the city and other places the cry is tax the land by all means, it is the proper thing to tax, but don't impose such an inquisitorial measure as an Income Tax. Said Mr. McGeorge on Tuesday to the Acting Treasurer, f We do not object to a Land Tax, provided mortgagees are made to contribute, we o' ject entirely to an Iocome Tax. We should not object to a Property Tax on th.3 New Zealand plan nor to a Stamp Tax,' Mr. McGeorge is, we believe, a professional man and would probably not be much affected by a Land or Property Tax. Mr. K. St. Barbe Miller was favorable to a Land Tax but was opposed to the Income Tax, in fact, these city men were favorable to a tax they would not have to pay and against the one that would operate on them. In the issue of the Register which contains the report of these speeches, a 'farmer' writes proving to his own satisfaction at least, that the Land Tax is both iniquitous and obnoxious. The puzzle is what tax will suit"-? We doubt if a ministry can be formed strong enough, before the next elections, to carry a property tax through the Lower House, and if, it parsed this chamber there is not a ghost of a chance of its passing the more conservative body of the Council. It must be remembered that when the Property Tax was first discussed, and so warmly approved of in the country districts, the issue raised was between a tax on all property, and a land tax pure and simple. The great objection to the Income Tax is because in the first place the returns are so complicated, and then with others, it really reaches property or the earnings of property in an indirect manner. Whilst more favorable to the New Zealand plan first introduced by Mr Glyde, we are nevertheless of opinion that the Income Tax will draw revenue from those who have hitherto been escaping their fair share of taxation, and are pleased at the firm attitude assumed l>y Mr Kings ton in refusing to suspend the operation of the Act until Parliament meets. No new departure in our legislative enactments has been from- Torren's Act down to the last tinkering of the Land Act has been found satisfactory at the first start. The present Taxation Act is capable of great improvements no doubt, but it is capable also of being jmade a useful fneasure if it is only to clear the way for a bett«r one. WHBN, says the P. A. Mews, mil the times; mend ? Replied the economist--- TiVhen people learn fiblive within Ifieir income. Replies the politician—When we have a Government that knows what it is about. Replies the pick and-shovel man—When there's plenty of public work * going forrard and tip-top wages.' Replies the local manufacturer—When the Government cease sending work oiit of the colony that might be, done here. Replies the Protectionist— When there is a proper customs tariff designed to foster local industries and to shut out foreign: competition. Replies the Freetrader—When we have abolished the Custom House absolutely and for ever; Replies the gold'miner—When Government offers a bonus for: the discovery and working of a payable reef r^t not less than 500 feet depth with double that bonus for ditto at 750 feet in rdepth. Replies copperop.ilis with ten thousand voices —When the price of copper is steady at say £90 per ton. Replies ths farmer— When wheat is five shillings a bushel with reliable seasons. Replies the squatter—When we get plenty of grass, good lambings, apd 9 fair price tor wool. Replies the contractor— When we can get cheap labor and plenty of it. Replies the builder and general tradesman—When all the profits are not scooped up by * high wages. Replies the Trade Society— When labor obtains a proper recognition of its rights as the poor man's capital, standing in respect of its rights on the same footing as money- capital, and holding, its own for wages in the labor-market. Replies the capitalist— When a fair interest may be got for money in safe investments. Replies the houseowner—When people can build at moderate rates so as to be able to let at moderate rents, Replies the land speculator—When there's a demand ior allotments; and I can get out of the awful mess of 1883 4 6! Replies the Hon the Treasurer—When the Income and Land Tax is paid, and customs and land revenue reach their normal rate. Replies BLUNT severally —When there is no necessity for special taxation; when the administration of public affairs cease to be extra - vagant ; when the number of hangerson to the public purse is reduced to honest limit; rwhen we cease to be speculative beyond our means; when men are willing to work for what their labor is worth ; when we begin again to live as we used to, live in the early days—simply and unostentatiously^ and when we manage our public affairs with the same care and alert prudence that ws try to manage our private business. The Government have decided not to be in a hurry this time about offering the troops for the Soudan. Second thoughts are best, and as Russia and' England appear likely to get at loggerheads, Mr Playford is of opinion our volunteers may find work nearer home. Any how, it ia decided to bide and see. Sg&rr; ANOTHEB BUZPJSB ACCIDENT.—A short time ago we noted an accident which occurred to a man named Carter, employed on the tram line shouting trucks, and who i- still unable to follow his employment. Carter was succeeded by a man nam d Murrin, who met wftk a similar accident on Wednesday. 1ft appears he was employed as brake's man: shunting trucks, and was standing on on& of the buffers and while stepping on to theother his foot slipped, and ws>a crushed between the two. His foot is terribly Mangled, and it will be some time before he will have the use of it again. COUNTRY Buw FTOHT.—-Tea and public meetings in aid of the Weetulta IJapfcist Church, just opened, were held <» W nesday last, and were well attended. There was a good number of Moonta friends present, and a cricket inat$b between the Weetulta and Kilkerran combined teams and a scratch team from Moonta was eommeneed, bnt there- war. } net time to finish. The Weetultas won - the toss, and elected t« send their men to the wickets, and when the stumps were drawn, the WeetultaV were not all ont. The public meeting .was presided over by Mr T Barnes, sen, an d ad dress2s were given by Mr Barnes, Rev J Nancarrcwr, pastor, and other friends. The takings were considered satisfactory. Pre£ EN'i'AX/.ojsr,—On Monday evening last, at the public meeting held at Cross Roads in connection with the Primitive Methodist Sunday School Anniversary, a presentation was made to Mr. W. Purling junr., in recognition of his past eervicessas organist at the iabove church and abHtjli. Tha presentation took the form of two volumes of the Pictorial World together ' with Uncle Tom's Cabin, veiy handsomely j got up. The Rev. J. Goodwin made the ? presentation on behalf of the givers in a few well chosen remarks, which was tmit- | ably acknowledged by Mr. Purling. LOCAS BENCH OF MAGISTRATES. —The i inauguration of the Peninsula -Bench of Magistrates was veiy qiuie% ^effectec^ ; yesterday. There was no special cere* v monj of any kind, nor any complimentary remarks by the bar or off behalf of the ' public. There«was a fuU bench, and Shepherdson nas elected/chairman. Then important item of business was the cdn£ ! Ji sideration of two 'applications for new 7 houses at Minlaton, both of which *ere J refusedj the Bench considering that one ^ house wes sufficientforfche reqiiiremen^a^ of the town. The transfers and renewals:.! were all ^granted in due course, there being no opposition to any of the applicants. LARRIKINISM AT SILVERTON.—The Silver Age says:—During the hearing of the case of assault against McCabe, a junk of what geologists term "the general formation" ..timtugh 3ite" ^raF: the >rio^lBjaaf; that moment jthe bailiffojE thei^eonrt vrei looking in at-ihe window, And -his head being in the line of projection, the missile < ricpchetting from that dbjfebt, missed the magistrate. - The second event W& : ymbtfrk general in effect. An unfortunate: dog had ita stomach , turned by soaksge water, % or perhaps by some of the statement it had been listening to 1 from legal lips, and the court rose and- adjburn&l; imttied- T iately thereafter^ ia its clearance ob rec^d};: lni^ed go instantaneous was the exit that when his worship, a moment j later, with; his nose between his finger' and his thumb* put his head in at tbe ^ack' door to say tha .spurt just ^en'C/^piiialabt^ not . even our repoic4»r>ras left to make a note of St. . ' M ; THE SNAISNB 7 DISTRICT CouNci^—Mil, Playford received a deputation on Tuesday from the much vexed' district of Nairne, who wanted the . Government to make a. thorough investigation into the affair8 of the district, and advise them \ how to proceed. It was admitted that ' the district' was in a thorough muddle, • that- the clerk, was the only official in * existence, and they did not know what ' steps to take to obtain a fresh Council. The fertile brain of Mr Playford was equal to this emergency, and advised the rearrangement of the wards arid nomination of fresh councillors, who could be appointed by proclamation. The Commissioner declined the responsibility of investigating the affairs of the district, and suggested the appointing of a suitable committee for the purpose. In his opinion it was doubtful whether or not they could bring a criminal charge against Mr Chapman, the late chairman of the council, who improperly signed cheques. It seems that the muddle the district has got into is largely due to the penny wise and pound foolish policy, adopted by so many public bodies, of underpaying their officials. Dunn was thought to be a very cheap clerk, he has proved what the cheap and nasty so often does, the most expensive in the long run. RECHABIXE FESTIVAL WALLAROO. The Rechabites held their annual festival on Wednesday, at their hatL A sumptuous tea was provided in the afternoon, which was fairly well attended, taking into consideration the extremly disagreeable weather. In the evening an entertainment was given, when the Hall waa. filled, Mr A Young, the secretary of the order, presided. Songs were given" by- Misses Kempster, B Herbert, Bates, Boyce, Mrs EvanB, and Messrs 1 Burns, Evans, and one or two others with good effect. Several young ladies were rather nervous. Some very good choruses were rendered by the choir. The Rev Mr Burns's address on Temperance was much enjoyed; so also was Mr W T Willshire's and Mr Langley's recitations. Mr Young's report of the ©rder was most encouraging, and showed that financially and otherwise, the order waa in a flourish-, ing condition. 