MELBOURNE HUNT CLUB MEETING. [By Telegraph.] ~ Melbourne, May 4. The following are the entries for the Melbourne Hunt Club meeting, to be held on the 25th inst.:— FLESIINGTOX BIRTHDAT HANDICAP.—Doncaster, Bristol, Uncas, Hazard, Ringmaster, Stafford, Middlemi.rch. Sardius, Gardener, Coningsby, Duration, Kingship,' Olivette, Grace Darline, Vergy, Mentmore, Too Too, Paileroo, Gipsy's Warning, East Lyune, Alphabet, Erie, Agnes, Sandal, Dirk Hatteraick, King of the Gipsies, Carbuncle, Arsenal, "Acolyte, Lucky Hit, Storcoway, Achides, Footman, Berkely. Distiller, Meteor, Conjecture, Topaz, Dunlop, Impulse, Hobavt, St. Lawrence, The Ghost, Ebony, Cajrine. and the Teacher. " A REI'ORTKR'.S RECOLLECTIONS.—On Monday evening a lecture entitled " Personal Recollections of a Reporter" was delivered by Mr. T; Harry before the North Adelaide Young Men's "Society, and was fairly attended. The lecturer, in an easy conversational style, related some, of the experiences he had met with as a-reporter under the English Government during the years 1867-' 70\. He first alluded to the Trades Union disturbances in Sheffield in 1867, when daylight murders and other outrages were rampant, and to the labours of the Commission appointed to enquire into these crimes. Mr. Harry related how the interest they aroused was soon eclipsed by the exciting events attending the stoppage of the police-van in order to rescue the political conspirators named Kelly and Deasj—a feat which was. successfully accomplished. Reference was then mace to the Fenian trial which took place a little later, on which occasion twentvthree men were committed to take their trial for murder, four of whom, including the ringleader Allen, were executed, the remainder receiving lighter sentences. Mr. Harry then dealt with the early stages of the Franco-Prussian war in 1870, and stated that on the night of the loth July in that year he was in Paris, and heard that war had been declared the same morning. The marching of the troops through the streets on that night, the intense excitement prevailing, a narrow escapade which befell the lecturer, and the nnpreparedness of France for that great struggle, were all touched upon in a most interesting manner. The lecturer concluded with an account of an amusing event which occurred a few years ago in the Reporters' Gallery of the Legislative Council of this colony. CRICKET DINNER.—The members of the Incogniti Cricket Club held their first annual dinner at the Crown and Sceptre Hotel on Thursday, April 30, Mr. Gerald Jay in the chair, and Mr. S. Osborne in the vice-chair. The . Vice-Chairman^ proposed the " S.A. Cricketing Association," and spoke very highly of the marked improvement they had made as cricketers during the last two seasons. Mr. W. Middleton proposed the "Incogniti C. C.," speaking very favourably of them, and thought as a new club they could not have acquitted themselves better. Mr. T. A, Strempel proposed " Our Supporters," and thanked them ' for the deep interest they had taken in the , club. He presented each of the Vice-Presidents with a group photo of the Incogniti Eleven. The evening was rendered enjoy- : able by soups, recitations, and solos on the piano and zither by various members of the club. CATHEDRAL SERVICE.—A special evening service was held at St. Peter's Cathedral on Monday night, introductory to the annual meetings of Synod. Besides His Lordship the Bishop, there «vere several of the clergy present. Dr. Dendy and the Rev. H. J. Freeland intoned the service, and Canons Green and Howell read the lessons. The Bishop preached a short but impressive sermon on a text taken from Acts i. 3. On the eve of the meeting of Synod it should be noticed that three great principles were taught in the text. First, the uecessitv for combating the darkness of evil existing in the world. Secondly, the need for patience in waiting for God's own time for manifesting His power. The third lesson to be learned was that every man should faithfully perform bis duties until the Lord's time comes. During the service the choir sang Smart's "Magnificat" and "Nunc Dimittis" in F, and the anthem " The eyes of all wait upon Thee, O Lord," by Haydn Keeton. It is unfortunate that the choirmaster has lately loat'the services of several of his best boys, thus rendering the treble part somewhat weak. The musical portion of the service was, however, sun? with great precision and care. CHCRCH FESTIVAL AT MAITLAND.—For some months past the ladies of St. John's Church, Maitland, have been devoting a large amount of their time in preparing goods to hold a sale in aid of the parsonage debt, and on Thursday, April SO, the festival, as it was designated, took place in the local Institute'Hall. It consisted of a sale of eoods of a useful and ornamental kind,'together with the usual Christmas tree, branpie, &c.; There was also a tea and supper provided with a well-arranged refreshmentstall. A gallery of fine arts was also among the attractions, and proved a great source of revenue and amusement. Mr. F. Smith, who undertook the whole management, deserves great praiEe for the excellent collection of scenes and portraits of local residents exhibited. Several ladies rendered musical selections during the evening, while the Maitland Brass Band kept the proceedings lively with their excellent music. At the close of the evening an auction sale disposed of all the remaining nnsold goods, and brought up the total of the day's takings to £50 15s. 9d. net profit. The following ladies assisted at the various stalls:—Mesdames Elphick, Hussey, YVoods, Wharton, Noble. Blackham, Lehmann, and John Pearoe, and the Misses Abbott, Malpas, Bowman, M.and B. Rogers, Strangways, Moody, Hill, Short, Lehmann, and Wharton (2). GR VALUABLE DISCOVERT FOR THE HAIR.—If your hair is turning grey or white, or falling off, use "The Mexican Hair Renewer," for it will positively rettore in every case Grey or White hair to its original colour, without leaving the disagreeable smell of most "Restorers." It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth of the hair on bald spots, where the glands are not decayed. Ask your Chemist for "THE MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER," Bold by Chemists and Perfumers everywhere at 3s. 6d. per bottle. Wholesale depot removed to S3, Farringdon-road, London lltczd S5T For excellence of stjle and moderate pricesthe central public cannot do better than inspect Hay and Compy.'sst«ikofMillinerj(trimmedandu*trimmed), Flowers, Dress Sets, Feathers, Ac. U8tc IS - Neat, prettv, and most convenient. You cannot think what'a comfort these Holders are and how pretty they look. They are universally admireif Critique from Le ileniteurde la Mode on Basse's Patent Fan and Programme Holder. Price 7s. Gd. each wthac 