TIE AND TRICK BT HAWLEY SMART, Author of "Breezie Langton," "Broken Bonds," "Social Sinners," "The Great Tontine," "At Fault," &c.;, &c.;, &c;, [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter L.—Death oe Giovanwi, "You had better go quietly, _ signor, for I am in little mood to be trifled with. Make the slightest resistance and you will die." "I have no intention of making any re sistance," replied Hammerton, quietly com prehending Sarini's speech, more by his action than bis words. "You will come then to his excellency;" and Sarini, assured that his prisoner meant no resistance, released his grip, with the comfort ing assurance that he would shoot him at the slightest sign of any endeavor to escape. They traversed the plateau rapidly, and in a few moments stopped at the door of Patroceni's tent. Still keeping a vigilant eye on his pri soner, Sarini sharply called— '' Your c-xcellency ! Your excellency!" The count was a light sleeper, and in a moment he appeared at the door, already dressed. ""What is it?" he demanded. "We knew that we were betrayed, but the enemies are rather closer to us than we thought. Our feilows are all drunk. I have just been round the camp for the second time to-night, and there is no rousing them. 1 can't under stand it. They were drinking when I went my rounds the first time, and I cautioned them that there were hawks abroad, and they were to have a care not to drink too deeply. Two or three of them might have forgotten the caution, but I cannot understand" their all in such a state of utter insensibility." "Captain Hammerton," said" the count sharply, "you've been rash to_ venture once more into the tiger's den. We agreed once before that you would not stick at trifles to lay you hand upon thirty thousand pounds. It is a bold game, but its like to be a fatal one to you. Well thought out, well thought out. Win your cousin's hand or not, Sir Jasper was bound to something pretty liberal for the man who dared so much to save him thirty thousand pounds." "You mistake me altogether, count. I have risked my life, I know. .Risked it not to keep faith with you, but for the sake of those whose lives you hold in your hand." "Thanks for your information," sneered the count. " I discovered that for myself when I had the pleasure of seeing you in Naples. Even conversed with the police spy, who is fool enough to think that he has circumvented Patroceni. Come to warn me, forsooth. You have come with the police at your heels. Hold, Sarini. I will ero round for myself. You will take care of our enterprising friend here. If he moves a finger you will know what to do," and the count rapidly crossed -the plateau. 13e came first to the sleeping group, opposite the stepping-stones of the brook. He looked around at the scene of the revel—half empty wine flasks, tin pannikins in which the liquor still stood. Patroceni shook two of the sleepers. "As I thought," he muttered. Then stooping down he raised one of the half-filled pannikins to his lips and tasted it. Again he rinsed his mouth with the contents, then spat it cautiously out on the grass. "Drugged! And pretty stiffly to. A clever plant. That agent of police who planned this coup is rather cleverer than I gave liiui credit for. How did he get his wine into the camp ?" And pondering over that problem the count crossed the stream, and proceeded further down the opposite bank. _ He came one after the other to the sentries that Hammerton had passed, and striking across to the spring fol lowed the track towards the boulders some little distance. He listened attentively for ciuite ten minutes, but 110 sound reached liis ear save the faint rustling of the trees. Then Patroceni turned hack, and rapidly went round amongst his men. He found them all more or less senseless. Some of them indeed when shaken awoke for two or three minutes, and made some attempt to rise. But the fatal lethargy soon overtook them again, and they sunk back to resume their disturbed slumbers. Some there were who were 110 more to be roused from their insensibility than so many corpses. A fiiglitful imprecation escaped Patroceni's lips as he recognised the crafty treachery that had been practised on him, and he made his way hack to his tent in a frame of mind that boded small mercy for his prisoners. He entered the tent where Sarini, pistol iu hand, was keeping grim watch upon his captive. " It is as you said, "he exclaimed, "treachery,,. foul and ingenious, has been practised -«**' - Captain Hamnierton, -~p ";la make your I.itm I'll you ilclCl C6bt do it» to* "lfigliCYou will die with your comrades at daybreak," "I have been fool enough," rejoined Ham merton, "to do my best "to warn you of the approach of the police. I suppose I shall pay the penalty for having tried to behave honestly to you for once. There is one thing, count, make no mistake about it. Whatever blood you shed here is likely to be speedily avenged. I know the state of your followers, and once more warn you, as I did before, that the police will be upon you before many hours have passed. Ely! leave us, and trust to nie that the money shall be paid wherever you choose to name." "Trust to you," interposed Patroceni, scorn fully. " It would argue much want of intelli gence if I did. No. Your plan was ingenious, but Sarini and myself are old conspirators. I do not intend you should live to enjoy the profits of your treachery. There will be little fear," he continued with a sneer, "of your imitating Iseariot novj. The ending of his history is just the part you would omit." And as he finished the count made a sign to his lieutenant, who promptly pinioned Hammer ton's arms from behind. " Don't struggle," said Patroceni, "we are two armed and determined men, and of course can kill you now if we wish to. It is better to wait a few hours and see whether luck may not turn in your favor. In the meantime, when the prisoners outnumber the garrison it is only common prudence to bind them." And in anotherminute or two Hammerton found his arms pinioned behind his back. That done the count pointed to his bed and bade him take the rest lie must require. Tired and worn out as he was, in spite of the discomforture of his bonds, Hammerton was soon asleep. Giovanni in the meanwhile, after a short nap, in some measure recovered from his fatigue, pushed rapidly forward, passed the boulders, followed the track up to the fountain, struck off through the wood, and as Hammerton had done some two hours before him came to the first sentry by the brook. Like Hammerton, he was astounded at the stupor in which he found him, and his amazement was still further increased by discovering the next in pretty much the same state. But when he had crossed the brook his astonishment knew 110 bounds. He gazed critically at the relics of the revel, and a fear came over him as the insensible foims of his comrades met his eye. Giovanni could certainly claim to be a judge of drunken ness in all its phases, but as he shook first one and then another of his fellows, and failed to rouse them from their heavy trance, a feeling of terror came over him. " This is not drunken ness," he muttered, turning white almost to his lips, and kneeling down by the prostrate form of his old friend Pietro. " Santa Diavolo ! they are poisoned." Once more he looked around, and a wine flask at Pietro's side met his eye. He raised it, and under any other circumstances would have probably swallowed the remainder of its contents; as it was he gazed at it curiously, and promptly recognised that it was one of that pattern of which the Signor Stein had been so lavish. He under stood it now. Pietro had invited his comrades to have a bout over the last basket that he, Giovanni, had forwarded. Merciful heavens ! that wine must have been poisoned. That vil lainous old man had dealt with his brethren as if they were rats. He sank on his knees in the extremity of his terror. This man whose life had been stained with crime, who had only recently committed a double murder, now cowered in unutterable horror at the thought of having been, though unwittingly, the destroyer of all his com panions. " They were good to me, some of them," he muttered. "If it had not been for Pietro and two or three more I should not be alive to poison men like lats. I have slain more than one in my time, but it was by bullet or steel. I never sent one to his grave in such cowardly fashion as this. Holy Virgin, the place will haunt mo. I shall see it in my dreams, and their ghosts will point and gibber at me from the brookside here. I, who have broke bread and drank with them, to poison their wine cupand the terrified man literally grovelled on the ground ait the idea of .the death plague he had scattered round him. "Are they all dead ?" he murmured. "Surely his excellency did not touch it. And Signor Sarini ? He must be alive. What am I to do ? I dare not go forward, the way seems strewn with corpses, as if Matteo and that miserable woman were not enough to see in the night time. _ He died hard, did Matteo; but it served him right. No fault of his he did not cause my death. I did his, and, coward as he was, how he fought. But I was mad with drink that night and my eyes red with blood. I'd have killed him had ho been twice as strong; and that fool of a w oman what impelled her to come upon the ti-"er just as he had struck down his quarry? Well, she died too !" lie uttered the last words half unconsciously aloud. A mocking voice promptly answered Don't fret yourself on that point, Gio vanni. You are about to follow them." And himself on his knees, the bandit saw his chief standing a few paces from him with his pistol levelled at his head. " This, you scoundrel, is, I presume, your work. I saw you myself at Naples in close conversation with the police. It is through your means they have introduced thiB half-poisoned stuff into the camp, whereby you consign the whole of your comrades to the grave or the galleys. It was foolish of me to give you such a slight chance for your life a3 I gave you last time. I might have known if you lived I should repent it. Don't think I am going to make that mistake again." " You saw me in Naples, excellency ?' stam mered Giovanni. "Yes. You've not forgotten the Golden Bush, I should think. Perhaps you remember the dumb pedlar who sat at the next table to you at luncheon. I was that pedlar, and the man you were lunching with was a police agent. Quick your time is short. Was it not you sent this wine ?" " Yes, your excellency, but I knew not that it was anything but good wine." Giovanni was much less terrified at the wrath of his chief than at the phantoms his imagina tion had conjured up just before. " And that pleasant old gentlemau with the spectacles gave it you to send. I suppose?" u Si, cxccllcnza," replied Giovani. "Then go as herald to those whom your diunken stupidity has doomed to destruction and as he finished the count's revolver cracked, sharp and shrill; and Giovanni had preceded his comrades across the Styx. " There will be no resurrection this time." The count's bullet had sped straight and true, and Giovanni fell hack, shot through the heart. (To be continued. J 