XoriiWo Shipping Disasters. \- Gorman Comtto Lost. ? IToaily 300 Moa Derishod. | B El.LCTnld.TEI.EOBAI-H. f . Sydney, Aueast 21. Tho Qermon corvettj Augostn, which it reported no bciug lost at sen, was bound from i WilbolmBhnven ,to thii port, with reliol ! orows for H.I,Q.M.ii.S..Mnrio, Hymno, anil 3 Albatross. Slio tfos ol Pexim, in tlio Hod : den, in tho beginning ol June, , nnd wns ox- i oeeted to rpfif-h Alhi.-av.1 Wfniom An.i«,ii. About 1st July. As \£b, vessel bod not arrived at Albany up to|ho middle of July, iho was given up as losF and a cablegram 5 now dispols nil probabili'j of her turning up. Tho Hyrone wns to itavo received hei ' relief crciv at Albany, and lyaited in .thai i port as long as it wns thought the Angusta J might put in nn appenrnhre. But as she t failed to do so, the Hyiuno put to sea. The 5 iamo remarks would apply tq tho Albatross, which remained in l'ort Jackson until a few days ago. It is well known, tbat aoyclone occurred in tho' Gulf of Aden , in tho early part of June, and a French worship called tbe Renard and two other lfirgo steamers disappeared about that time. The two lattoi \ were scon to founder by the Duchess of j Devonshire. A McB9agerieb%MarRimes I steamer is also reported lost aboTKCutamc ' time. The following is a con?plcy»tV« of ( (ho officers of the corvette Captain. 5n $ Gloedcn, Lieutenant - commander RaiHe, 3 Lieutcnant-coramondcr von Hilgendff) ' Lieutenant Hnbvrranss, Bub-licutonnlt 5 Mullcr, Sctiillbuck, aud Rosenberg, Gns- j zcynski, slnff-aurgeon Dr. Miehaelis, i Sub-pnymnater chwencko, Chief Kngi- 'i accr Lange. Captain von Gloedcn, who j was lately married, wns formerly in command c of tho gunboat Hymne on this station, and \ also visited Sydney as ono of tho officers of | the LouisQ in 187G, Lieutenant Hilgondorfi \ wns also a married man. Ho and Lieutenant f Habcrmass and Sub-lieutenant Mailer were t to bo exchanged with officers on ships here. \ l'ho Augusta was a composite vessel of 182G !j tons displacement, 1300 borsc-power ; speed, i 14 knots: carried 10 cruna hnilfc In Vmbm !? I in i860 for tho Government of the United v State0, but afterwards sold to the German 5 Go' J(jncnt. The ordinary crew consisted 5 of 23bVAc«ya.and raen J hut on this voyngt gsbe wout(llhaV7 about 2G0 or 270 men, so thai git ir yrql>Kblo neatly all on board perished. 5 Improving Stock.— At the recent sale J at lirisbnuc of pure merino rams, bred by i the Darling Downs and Western Land Com- pnny, Limited, nt Jimbour, Mr, F, Striivcr, 3 of I'ine Creek, was tho purchaser of " King : James," the champion ram nt tho Brisbane Show, in 1883, for the sum of £68. 5s. "King fames," the sire of the greater number of the Jimbour Rams, was 1st prize taker and Champion nt tbo International Sheep Show in Sydney, in 1879, competing with the Strong Combing wools of all the colonic?, and with Knmbouillct Sbccp, exhibited by the French Government. Toowoomba Land Court.— At the usual monthly sitting of the Land Court, yestordny, before Assistant Laud Commis sioner Warren, no applications for land were received. This is the first time that such a £ nung uos nnppcncu tor years, nna u is suggce- ;i ire in itself. Certificates were granted to iho following "person- C. McK. M'lntyro, r! North Branch ; Bryson Gibson, Hnldon ; : i\ Stnplcton, Clifton ; Elizabeth Green, , North Branch j James Green, North Branch ; ' William Green, North Branch ; T. Fl. Savage, t Ramsay ; G. Wilson, North Branch ; Jnmesv pCroniu, Tummnville ; James Cronin, Tum-| 'f maville ; Thomas ltyan, Flagstone- . C ». The great value of Scott's Emulsion of fji'uue cod Liver Oil with Hypophos-I i'hu'es in washing Diseases is shown by thc| 'accompanying statement from D. C. Freeman jisydncy, Australia Having been a greatf j-suffercr from pulmonary attacks, nodi 'gradually wasting away for the past two years, It affords mu groat pleasure to testify tlmt the above medicine has given mo great relief, and cheerfully recommend it to nil suffering in a similar way to myself. In addition. 1 would say thnt it is very pleasant r.to take. ADyv«erolst cor supply it, . j Bridge Street Crossing.— It will be in jtho recollection of our renders that a few ilnvs ago a deputation consisting of the -(Mayor and Aldermen Taylor, Boland, Grif- tilths, and French, nnd Messrs. Groom, Aland, land Campbell, Ms.L A., waited upon the jllon. Wm. Miles, Minister for Works, and pointed out to him the absolute necessity for < nt bridge to bo constructed across Iho swamp ; 'at Bridge-street. Tho Minister after a long discussion promised that a survey should be s iJmndc, nnd an estimnto bf the proposed work \ ,prc|)arcd. Wc nro nbloto Inform ourrcaders Jtlmt the estimate of tbo work is about ) 362.500, of which sum the Minister for Works will recommend that £1000 bo taken from !:Jtlic sum voted for Bridges, leaviug about £1600, to bo found by the corporation. It is likely, howovor, that the plan will bo so i! altered as to bring tho cost within tho sum of i £2000, which will then render this ranch t desired work easy of accomplishment. I H Fun on the Bristol,"- Owiog to some \ bunplo oa hebntf of tho Railway Depart- (( mcnt, so wo havo. been informed, Mr. Sheridan's company did not open here last night as advertised. The reason was that a goods truck containing certain stage properties and other luggage was left bobind nt Murphy's Crock, and although tho railway authorities promised Mr. Sheridan that it would be here before 5 p.m. It did not come, and consequently the troupe were anablo to perform. As a large number of seats had l>eon reserved the disappointment wai very great, and thoso who came to sco and heat tho great comedian had their joarnoy for nothing. Wc may meotion that all scaL reserved for Inst night .will hold good foi to-night, nnd all those,' ki v have reserved -cats for to-night will ha»B«3t preference! for to-morrow night." As Mr, Sheridan opcn'l in Ipswich on' Thursday crcning ho cannotl play hero more than two nights, but wo trusll thnt both to-night and to-morrow night Iu | will he woll patronised, t> An old Acquaintance Promoted.— i Mr. C. Knight, booking-clerk at tho Dalbi j Railway Station, left Dalby yesterday (snys Saturday's Dalby Herald) for Dalvndillo, n station beyond Mitchell, on iho Western Railway, where he has been transferred to at Station Master. Mr. Knight has been located in Dalby tor about 18 months, during which time ho has earned tho goodwill and rcsnect of nil hn nnmn in Mnl «ui. /.. jf notwithstanding his kindness and courtesy ( to all, he wns, nevertheless, roost assiduous to a the duties of tho office In the department in h vvhion ho laboured. Although Mr. Kolghi V has only been n year nnd a-half in Dalby, he > has been known to us for 11 years, having mndo his ncqunintnnco in Toowoomba about r that time,' nnd , whilo regretting hisdoparture \ from amongst us,yot it is a pleasing duty It bo able to chronicle, that bo has been tran's- |: furred to an honourable position of promo- (i tion, Mr. Knight is a younger brother ol (, Mr. Sid Knight, who at ono time, mauaged 5 the printing department of tho Toowoomba v Chronicle for Mr. W. H. Groom, and who, it ? we rcraomber aright, received a flatterln. 4 testimonial from his employer and fellow- ' workmen ton severing bis conneotion with \ s them. Mr. Chns, Knight was bade n hearty ! £ good-bye, yesterday, at tho Railway Station. 2 by many friendB, who, although, extremely Ssorjynt bis departure, yet rejoiced in thi I well-deserved promotion tbo department bod ; conferred upon bim. B A Curious Ghost. — A rumour is goincS about (observes tho St. Jamo's Gazette) thatl the Psychical Society has at last found n ghost. Hitherto the society has been in the pniofut position of calling spirits from the vasty deep, and only finding that Shakespeare was rightabout the difficulty of getting them to respond . The commttteo'havo, wo believe, hired houses warranted to be haantcd by tho must unexceptionable spectres, have heroically slept in the haunted chambei night after night, and have not so muoh at heard a sigh or scon tbo least symptom of o faint blue light.' Things were at their worst when a change came, wbich has apparently ended in brilliant discoveries. In tho lasi volume of tho Societv's Transactions, oj Journal, there appeared a notice that pomont wishing to bo introduced to a real ghosi should immediately apply to the Haunted! Secretary, of words to that effect. 8c| enthusiastic. was the rush expected to boj that tho Haunted Secretary would not pledge! himself to find a bed in tho chamber visited! by "Tho Thing" for every seeker aftci! physical truth who might present bimsolf.l 8otno inquirers, however, were accomodated J and the consequences surpassed all expcota-1 tione. Hard knocks wore .the order of thekj day. The Ghost, whose appearance is not! mentioned in the rumour, began by throwing! vuiuuiwo iwuviu uiu i.uuy come irom t) at tne| representatives of the S.P.R, Ahcavyfcndei wai the next missile employed, and after tbh the ghost sent a slab of the marble chimney- piece flying at their heads, and then at length the retreat was reluctantly sounded. Tho experiment is, wo hear, to be repeated as soon as the S.P.R. bos armed its intrepid representatives with plato armour, or some improvement on tbe diver's uniform ; and the electric light is (o be suddenly flashed npon tho spectre to see if ho .will jump. It is most onrnestiy to he hoped that the persevering efforts of the society will meet with the reward they deserve, and that this promising \ ghost will maintain his high character. A Prisoner's Letter to His Judge.— On the 4thinBtnnt, previous to sentence being passed in the Melbourne Criminal Court od thc;burglars in tho Simpson road bank robbery! one of the accused, named Fortune, after wards, sentenced to be imprisoned for six years, handed the following written state ment to the Judge:— "Your Honour,— Let me toll you a little of my history, and hope that it will tend to lighten the sentence vou are about to inflict upon roe. I hod the miRfortunc to be lcit fatherless when hut n child ; my mother never married again, so I never had the cliancp.of a father's counsel. I was brought up solely by my mother, whose only fault wns lovinc? mn m w«ii wt.An i scarcely nineteen ycaia of ago a temptation 3 crossed no which I did not resist. I was j arrested for receiving stolen money, nnd £ received a seutcnco of two years, which you yourself gave me. Your Honour, I was sent j to mix witu criminals of all classes, and con- ijC victed of every sort of crime, where tho whole of the talk consists of little else but the best G way to prey on society. I rusk could it be ' expected that a lad who has been mixed up k with hardened criminals will come from S them oven as good as when sont to mix with jjj them / No, your Honour, this has been the 4 cause of my bciug hero to-day. Some six months after I wasj released, becoming the t g dupe of an older criminal than myself, I was | (j again arrested and convicted, and Bcntcnced r to two years ; wns released on November 20, J 5 1882. Since then 'I hnvc been trying to lead f | an honest lite and retrievc the past, and was ; Iloiog well until I mot llninelU, or"1 Yates,' ! \ who has led me Into this crime. I resisted | I his urging for n long time. Eventually he ! Jsaid I wns afraid j that did it. I had notthc S j moral courage to say 'No' any longer. My f \- mother is an old lady. Give me a chance to i ' Iter nliro. nnrl hi n ImIi. I». u i — " .v uui tu ucr uiu %ige. Do not make my future too dark. 1 C eau write no more. I am tho only son of '-tiny mother, and she is a widow ; for her wsakc, if not for mine, be merciful to George | Fortune." TbedcmandfortbegreatAraorican remedy pi top Bitters, in this part of tbo world has gbccorho ao great that tho Hop Bitters Co., £ whoso hcodqunrtera aie at Rochester, New LiiVork, C.S.A., hav«- been compelled to open a .laboratory in Melbourne. It will, ho in V change of Mr. M. H Van Berg, a gentleman \ (of several years experience with this company j-und the trade may bo assured of receiving : goods equal to the parent house, and tbe 5 most courteous treatment. The H. B. Co., 'avo cstab'ishmonti at London, Paris, Ant werp, Belgium, Breda, Holland and Toronto,® and their hi t'ers are probably the best known mcdicinu in the world. 8 How to Get Well.— Which is answeredn &iu; tbreowoi'ds.— Tjvke Hop Bitten I Read I 