ACTA POTOLL ? ' ?? ' ' . ' .'. — — ? V A. — — : ?? .??'?. ? : ? ? ' ?; ?. By the Flaneur. ' ; As I grasp my time-payment ' Mackinnon' on this lovely Tuesday morn, a dozen days have rolled past since the present Parliamentary ses sion opened, and yet the condition of our bleeding country's affairs is simply ' as you were.' Sir 'Enry has solemnly declared on his sacred word, and spotless honour, that there is nothing in the records of the House charging him with forgery, and Mr. Copeland has with equal emphasis told , the world that although he has been a regular attendant at the Turkish Baths for the past ten years, he never saw Sir 'Enry inside their cleans ing portals once. With the exception of these chunks of important information, the country has benefited nothing from the present session up to this date. The Opposition leaders seoin deter mined to play the Yorkshireman's game of win, tie, or wrang%; the same old struggle for power, place, and pay is' still going on ; and in the meantime the business of the State is scooting to perdition with a degree of velocity that seems totally tincalled for. Solomon once observed that ' in a multitude ? of counsellors there is safety,' but I fear he would change his opinion if he had oven a nodding ac quaintance with the bulk of our Maequarie-street advisers, who, by their party quibbles and! Op- position tricks, are fast placing the country in the undesirable position of the patient who died while his physicians disputed over the relative merits of their never-known-to-fail prescriptions. The principal features of the past week's sittings were the trial gallops of some of the new colts, a few of whom strode along very well, and pleased the Parliamentary touts immensely. Sir 'Enry's speech, which was to have wiped the Dibbs party out in one round, was one of the most successful failures ever heard in the House, and its effect on a portion of the Ministry reminds me of the tale told of two raw Irishmen who were tramping along on the Bathurst Plains when they were suddenly struck stiff with alarm on hearing a Liedertafel of frogs singing their evening song of B-a-w-n ! K-o-r-r-o-x ! &c.; They listened, trembled, and then, clutching a sapling each, crept cautiously forward to catch a sight of the terrible enemy, which,; of course, could not be found. At last a happy thought struck one of them, 'and turning round he joyfully exclaimed, ' Hurroo James ! come along— sure it's ' nothing but a noise.' So it was with Sir 'Enry's cloaking, and a few of the newly-fledged Ministers. Judging from the terrible din the old Knight raised they felt sure, at first, that nothing but annihilation waited on the lot ; but when they grew cooler,; and began to investigate the matter of the row, they found it was nothing but a noise. To make mat ters worse, Sir 'Enry, in addition to having noth to say, took a wearisome time to say it, and he would do well, even now at the eleventh hour, to take Sydney Smith's advice to- public speakers and remember that he is living in post-diluvian times. Before the Deluge, men '.'.used to live to the ripe old age of eight and nine hundred years, and consequently, a speech of 18 months' length was quite excusable, but after the episode of the Ark, lives were shortened to our own brief aver age, and yet even experienced old stagers like the H-less Knight will persist in stringing out their chat to-day just as if they were so many Enochs and Methusalenis addressing an indigna tion meeting of ante-diluvian 8-hour demonstra tion citizens. Touching the colfcs, Mr. Harold Stephen made his mark at once by not only discovering a mare's nest, but actually catching the old mare, in the shape of Mr. Abbott, sitting on it. In a smart, screeching speech, he withered Mr. Abbott up like an old boot on a hot stove for having in bygone days ' greased the wheels ' of the Land Depart ment (as Ninny would say), and worked; the Land Act oracle to his own advantage. Next day, however, Harold the Bold discovered he had roused up . the wrong man altogether, and then, having. frankly admitted that he was never taken so ill before on such a short motice, he filed away to the rear while the new Billy Emerson of the House, Mr. J. C. Neild, played- the Dead March on a comb wrapped round with a page torn out of 'Hansard.' Harold will come again, how ever, and, as it was,- he rlifted the Abigail crowd clean out of their boots with the Rolla-to-the Peruvians, style in which he thundered out the words Timeo Danaos et flona ferontes. ,'?- ., L'' ; Dr. Wilkinson shaped very well indeed, although he was neatly countered by Mr. Abbott, who when the son of JEscalapius declared that he (Mr. Abbott) evidently felt- that he was able to sweep from the face of the earth all barristers, agents, and even Chief Justices if they opposed him, quietly ohimed in ''Yes, or doctors either.' Dr. Wilkinson soon rallied, however, but when he twitted the Minister for Lands with being the Pooh-Bah of the House, Mr. Abigail looked as scared as if he had just bobbed up against the ghost of Julius Coesar, and turning to Brother Henson, he moaned, 'By the great King William of pious memory, these 'ere ; new members will demoralize th' 'ole Assembly. Here's one of . 'em drags in a fellow named Timothy D'anabs, who was probably some Fenian wretch that shot his landlord so as ! to save his rent, and now this dam — I mean dangerous doctor tries to stiffen us all with Pooh-Bah. Who was Pooh-Bah any way ?' 'Blest if I know,' replied Brother Henson, 'unless he was a Hindoo god that took to drink and was eaten by worms, and snakes, arid sojur ants, and maggots.' 'Not at all,' chimed in Captain Kidd; ' Pooh-Bah was a good man — one of the first missionaries sent out to Fiji. Niggers ate him raw, but they got sick, and repented and ftrand grace soon after.' ' Y're all wrong, ' chipped in J. D. Young for his own amusement; 'Pooh-Bah was. a horse that won the Cup in '69.' 'What are you chucksters laying about Beach for the boat race ? ' ' Go away, vile man, ' hissed Brother Abigail ; and then, turning to his friends with a sigh, he observed, ' This all comes of lettin' new men into the 'Ouse — especially publi cans and doctors. Now, no respectable ' quack ' would ever talk like this here Dr. Wilkinson, an' yet I've known some of 'em to cure fatal cases of five an' twenty years' standin'.' And then, the little band— looking like a lot of missionaries who had been nine days drowned — ? filed out to do a soda-water hot and weep over the demoralization of the Senate. ' This is a nice little par, for the benefit of tho Protection party solely. From time immemorial man has aspired to become a sort of lesser god, and in a great measure he has succeeded. He can place a girdle round the earth in 40 seconds ; he can say to the lightning go and it goeth, and returning it bringeth him all kinds of informa tion, from the king of Servia's status quo ante business down to the market price of spuds, and to a certain extent the winds' and the sea obey him. Anxious to conquer fresh worlds, his present ambition is to be a bird, as it were, and dart from place to place without running the slightest risk of meeting with bushrangers, or that aquatic complaint which is genei'tilly known, as the 'Oh My.' In his balloon, he has rivalled the eagles of the air, and twanged his banjo where the lark has warbled his matin song, but up there his will was powerless, and he had to sing small, and go wherever the wind listeth. No one who looks round , at the wonderful success of the telegraph, telephone, phonograph, and the like can doubt for a moment, however, that man's ingenuity will yet conquer the difficulties of aerial navigation. Personally I believe it will happen even in our day, and instead of hearing our holiday touters on the wharf yelling out the comfort of Captain Mat Byrnes' I squadron, and the attractions of Clontarf, I expect to hear them cry: ' The sun, the sun! calling at the milky way ! The greatest picnic of the year. The fast sailing balloon, , Baron Munchausen is just about to start for the crystal caves and sylvan; retreats vof .the. glorious sun ! One hour allowed for luncheon at, the moon! First- class band on board, and dancing in the pavilion. Hot and cold water on the ground. No change given at the gafce.' Froui recent accounts we learn that one Captain Renard has - made an accent at Meudon, France, in a cigar-shaped craft filled with hydrogen gas, and provided with a rudder and a screw propeller driven by electrical power. In this : machine he performed a 25 minutes voyage describing a circle, and steering aa he pleased ; the trips made to the windward occupying about twice as long as those before the | wind. What has all this to do with Protection a I do you ask ? Simply this. When we have freight carrying balloons — aerial Australs: and Chimbo razos — Protection will be an impossibility. No less a person than Henry George, the great land reformer, has discovered this already, and he says — ..... ?.-:;? .-..;. ?;..,: 'If the protective theory be true; this mastery of another element would be a misfortune to man, for protection would be made impossible. Every inland town and village, every rood of ground on the whole earth's surface, would' at once become a port of an all-embracing ocean, and the only way in which any people could continue to enjoy the blessing of protection would be by roofing in their whole country with some sort of wire cable I mosquito, net.' I The idea, however, is a grand one for us all, and I Messrs. Heydon and Co. will soon come to look at it pretty much, the same as a man, would look on a streak of lightning— something very un pleasant, but hardly to be averted. Trial by jury received father a knockdown blowa few days, ago from Mr. Justice Windeyer, I who told .the Attorney- General he ''thought it hig I duty to draw attention to the verdict given in a I recent case of arson, the said verdict being a I scandal to the jury system. The case, he said, I was one. of the clearest ever tried, and yet the I jury, brought in a verdict of not guilty. ' This I verdict,' continued the. judge, .^ ','.'_'??] 1 gg|' Was absurd, and .can only be accounted foi* I on one of three hyphotheses : . either' that the find- P ing was corrupt, or that the jury sympathized I with crime, or else from their stupidity they were unable to draw proper inferences from the clearest evidence. I do not believe there was corruption^ but nevertheless a gross miscarriage of justice bas. been committed.' - ? ' The Attorney-General replied that thoBe were his 3entiments also, and he would at once grant the jurymen concerned a permanent leave of absence. I There the matter stands at present, but as it ia 1 rather too sultry a subject to handle this weather j I I ? I I will simply say that it reminds me of the case I of the, Widow M'Quillikan, who was charged at the Nenagh Assizes with having dispersed the brains of a process-server by means of tho busi ness end of a shovel. ' Have you no counsel ?' asked the judge. ' Sorra a counsel, yer 'onner,' replied the 'widdy' in the most cheerful manner possible. ' But I must tell you/' said the judge, 'that this is a very serious offence indeed, and you may be hanged for it. Surely you have at least an attorney to defend you ?' 'The divil a wan/' responded the old lady ; 'but/' she added, with an encouraging wink and a smile, ' Oive siviril moighty good Muds' among th' jury. Git along wid th' case, yer 'onncr.' Everyone and his wife knows by this time that we have nothing to learn from England, be cause Sir 'Enry Parkes, who is Truth itself in disguise, lias told us so ;, but it is cheery to find that England now acknow ledges she has much to learn, in the way of politics at least, from Australia. With a laudable desire to perfect herself in this line, therefore, she has just returned the great Australian jumbuck breeder, Sir 'Salmon' Wilson; for the very appropriate constituency of ' Bucks/' and our own Mr. Henniker-Heaton (mark the hyphen now) for Canterbury. Con sidering . that Sir Salmon never knew enough about politics while here to keep himself warm, and that even Hennikcr was only a star of the 32nd magnitude amongst us, the question natu rally arises, what honours would not England shower on our two subdued Scotch heroes, Angus and Dawvid, if she knew they were out of work and on the wallaby looking for a job amongst us now ? At the very least, Dawvid would be ap pointed Master of the Rolls and find his own tea, while the dignity of Angus' s manhood would at once entitle him to the rosy billet once held by the late Mr. John Brown. So far, the Conserva tives have a strong lead ; but, after all, there is no getting away from the fact that it is the Pamell party who now hold the real sway in England. A noteworthy ite1- 1 in the English election news is the fact thai uss Helen Taylor, the champion of woman's r ,..fcs, lodged her nomination paper, lout it was i»,htely returned with thanks by the returning-oiliccr. This was quite correct, because not only is Miss Taylor not a man, but as her name implies, she is not even the eighth part of a man, and so she should make way for some nearer approach to creation's lord, such as the Jersey Pumpkin or Lady Florence Dixie, who wears the ' dual garment,' and possesses a fertile imagina tion which has never known a day's illness. ' I Now that our own Parliamentary elections are over we are devoting our time and talents to the civic contests, but with oue or two exceptions the I proceedings are likely to pass off as flat as a I paupers' wake, or a speech from Brother Henson. The tussle for the Mayoral chair bids fair to be I rather lively, however, if we can judge by the sultry little breeze which recently floated round the assembly of our City Fathers. Mr. Cyril Haviland has an idea that the Mayor of Sydney should for tho time being be ex ojjicio a member of ! the Legislative Assembly, thus forming an official 1 connecting link between Parliament and the I Corporation. This is by no means a bad notion, but Alderman J. D. 'Young went one better still when he declared that ho intended to move at a future date that the Mayor be elected by the ratepayers. We have had a deal too much of the ''nobbling ' element introduced into the election of our Chief Magistrate during past years, and ; that tho underground games are still going on ; was clearly pointed out by honest J. D., who putting the matter mildly declared that there were 'a lot of political loafers who visited a cer tain alderman and threatened him unless he promised to support Alderman. John Young for the chair. Alderman Evan Jones hear ing this, at this at once ? struck the floor, and declared that he was the object shot at. Two persons disguised as gentlemen had told him dis tinctly that uuloss ho promised to support Mr. John Young, au opponent would be brought out, who would knock the civic stuffing- out of him (Alderman Joues), and then do.prive him of Chris tian burial also. This got Evans's monkey up to an anglo of 175 degrees, and ho boldly declared that ' it was time to speak when the rag mer chants and frco-lunch grabbers of a certain city club dared to threaten him like this.' Alderman Taylor having entered the Council at this point and remarked, ' What very fino weather we're having,' Alderman Jones assumed a George EignoM air, and exclaimed, ' Here's one of the things now.' Alderman Taylor firmly, but re spectfully replied, 'That's a lightning-stricken lie.' Alderman Jones declared it was not, and Alderman Dean, who said ho was dying to see a good stand-up fight, was proceeding to make a ring when Alderman Burdekin threw snuff on the troubled waters, and white-robed Peace took her seat at the Council board once more. Clerical Appointments. — By the s.s. Iberia arrived Father James Grace, Father Edward. Hanrahan, and two ecclesiastical students for the Archdiocese of Sydney. We understand that the Cardinal- Archbishop has appointed Father Grace to assist Dean O'Brien at St. Benedict's* and Father Hanrahan at Mount Carmol. Mb. Tiinshella, of Pamimatta, is tho successful tenderer for tho foundation of tho now College at Biverview, smd ha3 already commenced, work, 