THE IPUBLIC ON THE DEFENCE QUESTION. The columns of the Register during the past week have been teeming with letters on the defence question, in which numerous sug gestions have been made, and the Ministry have been severely criticized for their inac tion, which, however, has, under the spur of public sentiment, now given way to a solicitous regard for the public safety. The Bishop of Adelaide has published a recantation on the question of cadet corps. He'sayaSpeaking at St. Peter's College more than a year ago I rather deprecated the for mation of any Public School Cadet Rifle Corps, because my former experience as Battalion Sergeant-Major of the Oxford University Volunteers bad led me to the belief that school drill "sickened" the boys of the whole volunteer movement. I always found great difficulty in persuading men who had served in public school corps to join the University force. I believe what I sail then was con curred in by Major-General Downes. The circumstances of to-day are, however, so totally different from those that existed at the time when I was Bpeaking that 1 hooe you will allow me to state in your columns bow important I now think it that our older public school boys should be at once enrolled and carefully drilled. The case does not even seem to need argument. If it does come to fighting for the defence of our colony these lads are just the stuff out of which in time our best soldiers will be formed. I am, Sir, &c.;, G. W. ADELAIDE. Train to the North, April 10* Wo give below some of the most remark able of the letters which have been received;— TO THE EDITOR. Sir— It is to be hoped that the patriotic suggestion made at the Hunt Club meeting will be taken up with spirit, as the war has practically begun and there is no time to be lost. May I suggest that the proposed Cavalry Company should be enrolled on ex actly the same basis as the present company with the following exception That if peace Is declared within three months the men shall be guaranteed their discharge on ex piry of the third month, on payment to the Government of say £3 towards cost of uniform, the uniform to be returned to the Govern ment ; that if the war is prolonged beyond three months they shall be guaranteed their discharge on the first quarter day after con clusion of peace, on payment of £3 if they have served only six months, and without payment if over six months. May 1 also suggest that Mr. J. L. Stirling as senior, and Mr. James Hay sb junior in oommand would be moBt popular appointments if those gentlemen could be inanced to accept them ? Our Government should now try to remedy the ill effects of their past inaction by show ing the utmost energy in defence matters. I am. Sir. &c.;« RUSSOPHOBIST. Sir—I earnestly call upon His Excellency the Governor and his trusty advisers to do certain things, such as the following1. To call Parliament forthwith together by royal proclamation for the transaction of business of pressing emergency. 2. To ask Parliament for a vote of credit of at least £100,000 for making such land and sea_ defences as in their judgment are indispensable for the safety of the colony. 3. To cause to be enrolled, as suggested by Mr. ex- Mavor Thompson, of Port Adelaide, alla men in the province under 50 years of age (if otherwise suitable as to health and intelligence) as a militia for purely defensive purposes. 4._ To appoint relayB of companies of men night ana day to watch by and around our maga zines, arms, and all other implements of war now within the colony, bo that no injury may come to them, also that they may be in a state of preparedness for use at an hour's notice. 5. 1 beg to suggest as supplementary, I but of the highest importance nevertheless, that all true servants of Him who is "King ■ of Kings and Lord of Lords" should unite in earnest prayers that He may be pleased to defend the probably united armies of the Afghans and the British in arresting the wanton and disturbing invasions of the Rus sian Government of countries never belong ing to the Czar; and remembering that our Lord has distinctly affirmed as a principle of righteous moral government that " all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword," let us seek to discourage, except and solely for purposes of defence, the war spirit now so rife in some conntries, and to pray that God will give peace in our time. I am, Sir. &c.;, JAMES BICKFORD. Parkside, April 11. Sir—Mr. Colton tells us that everything that could be done has been done, and that we are qnite prepared for any enemy. We may be prepared to keep off five or six hundred or even a thousand Russians, but it is not in any way attributable to the assiduity displayed by Mr. Colton or any of his friends. On whose authority does he make this statement? If on his own the public can judge of its value. If he thinks becauses he chooses to say so the people of South Australia are going to believe it, he is very much mistaken. Every person whose opinion is worth any thing has distinctly stated, amongst other things, that the Military-road from Largs Fort to Marino should be made and kept in repair, and up to the present moment nothing has been done to it. It has taken this sapient Ministry at least three days to make up what it is pleased to term its mind whether it shall be a railway or a road. With regard to speedy transit of troopsand their necessary im pedimenta, we have only to look at the Easter Encampment arrangement, when the volun teers were informed by our railway authorities that unlesB their baggage, &c.;, was at the Adelaide Station forty-sight hours before the men left it could not be taken. [Numerous further instances of unpreparedness could be given, but theBe one or two arc, I think, sufficient to show the public the value of Mr. Colton's assertion. Iam. Sir. &c.;, April 14. A CIVILIAN. Sir—Day after day and week after week the following questions have been asked:—Are we ready to resist a foe? Have we sufficient ammunition ? Is our Military-road in good order? Are our forts efficiently manned? Are our artilleryproperly horsed, or are they horsed at all ? Have we any torpedoes ? Are we going to have any or are they laid ? Have we placed guards at main headlands ? Are we goiDg to place men under canvas ? Where is tne most probable point of attack? , How many hours notice will the Russians give us of their intention of bombarding us, And whether they will arrive during the night or broad daylight? Have the forts been fitted with the electric light ? Have the steamers belonging to the Adelaide Steamtug Com pany been retained for mounting long-range guns, and have we any such guns available, or are we going to procure them ? Do the Govern ment think the Russians are going to be fools enough to go right up to the Semaphore to land—would not the Grange or Glenelg suit them better ? Is Backstairs Passage to be blocked with torpedoes, and all vessels made to pass via Cape Borda ? Are we going to let the enemy land without opposition? and last, but not leaBt, are we going to make them a presentation and a testimonial Such, Sir, are the questions I have heard asked, and therefore I am not surprised that the members of the present Ministry, have availed themselves of the opportunity of recess of clearing out of town, some of them no doubt praying that whilst they were secure in Melbourne, Tasmania, Sydney, and New Zealand the Russians would come and help themselves. I quite agree with the Government in their policy , of masterly inactivity ; it is quite in keeping with their UBual profound statesmanship. Why should they trouble about defences? What care they about the Russians? Bless my soul, Sir, the very sight of the present Ministry would scare all foes from our shores. If the sight would not. well, then, let them talk business with tnem for half an hour ; and if that would not satisfy them, well, it would be time to give up the ghost. But, joking apart. Sir, can you tell me when the Overland Railway will be finished ? I have, like each of the members of the present Ministry, a brave heart, but my legs are awful cowards, and tbey would like to fly to a haven of safety when the Russians do come. Hoping I have not needlessly alarmed you, I am, Sir, &c.;, M. B. GLITTERS. Sir—Discretion being the better part of valour, I think the wisest course for our Government to pursue would be to see about getting ready the needful which would be demanded (and perhaps very soon) by the Russian Admiral whom we may find any morning off the Semaphore with two or three ironclads waiting for instructions from head-quarters as to what measures are to be taken Dy him. In our unprotected state the ideaot trying to defend ourselves is futile. Two or three ironolads would quickly silence our two forts, and the Russian Admiral would tell the commander of our Protector (what a misnomer ?) to keep away unless be wanted his boat to be blown to atoms. We should most assuredly come off second best. If then our enemy saw that we had a good land force and were prepared to stop a land ing from the ironclad, that course would not be adopted, but we should simply have our J city ana port laid in ruins, and the Admiral would steam away to the other colonies, where he would find that the defences had not been delayed until too late. Long before j now the entrance to Investigator's Strait ought to have been laid with torpedoes, and all vessels instructed to take the Backstairs Passage route, where, in the vicinity of Cape Jervis, Bhould have been a fort, in strength equal to our two present ones, while onr gunboat would be cruising about ready to give the alarm. We might then feel a little more secure. We ought not to give an enemy an opportunity of entering our gulf at all. But ifs too late, for at the present time our enemy might be within a day or two's steaming, and what is to prevent her from coming right up to anchorage ? It is time we began to realize our weakness. I'm afraid our Government are not sufficiently alive to the gravity of the situa tion. Your latest telegrams have given us the news of the commencement of what may be a deadly conflict between the Lion and the Bear; but let us hope still that the strained relations may yet he amicably settled. If matters come to the worst may God defend the right! But at the same time the public mind is very unsettled as to the results of a war with Russia. What is being done supposing we have to fight? Our Admiral has great confidence in his gunboat, it is true. Our Permanent Force at the forts may be all that can be desired; but will our forts and Protector Btand the steady and deadly fire from a Russian ironclad very long? Why hs.ve not our volunteers been called oat at night and a rush made for the coast via Thebarton as if an enemy were' really landing a large force? A few such paradeB would surely be conducive of good. OurfortB, also, should have some practice with shot and Bhell before actually engaging an enemy. We ought also to have a military road and railway from the Semaphore to Glenelg. This could soon be done, as a thousand men could be put on very soon by recalling for a time those sent to Hergott Springs and elsewhere and thoBe still loafing about I think we have the right to know what is going to be done, and when. I am. Sir, &c.9; Not Sufficiently Protected. Sir—The time appears to have (ally arrived when active steps should be taken for our protection. Let the Government call out and effectively drill every able-bodied man under 50 years of age. I am Bare it will be responded to. As one who is equally anxious to ao his duty to his Queen and country in times of war as of peace, I give practical effect to my suggestion by offering to place mvself under naval or military discipline. I am. Sir. sc.. HENRY W. THOMPSON. Pert Adelaide, April 10. Sir—Are we ready to meet the foe? This, at present the moat important question must unfortunately be answered with a very emphatic Ho, and Ho again. We are indeed in a most pitiable ana helpless condition in regards of meeting a body of 3,000 to 5,000 well-disciplined Russian troops. A Russian squadron can run up the Gulf in few hours, land the troops at Marino Bay without let or hindrance, the vessels pro ceeding on to bombard the City and Port at their pleasure. Our battery, and the Pro tector are just enough to raise the enemy's temper, but can render no Teal defence to a determined and powerful foe. This squadron will spread consternation and panic in the city and suburbs while the troops are marching towards Adelaide. And what can our present force do against a strong, powerful foe ? Very attle indeed. Without disputing the courage of our volunteers and those who would offer to help them, they cannot stand with their present number against a well-disciplined foe, eager and anxious for plunder, rapine, and carnage. We may be positively certain that Russia has cast her covetous eyes upon the Aus tralian Colonies, the weakest and moBt im portant of England's possessions—a splendid field for plunder and rapine. Is it likely to suppose that Russia will omit to pay the colonies a visit? After studying for thirty years all the movements of England with a view of revenge for the Crimean degradation. Russia knows too well she is able to send terrcr into the hearts of the English nation by attacking the colonies and landing in each colony from 3,000 Co 5,000 men simul taneously. Let people say what they like to the contrary, I am certain that Rusaia is pre pared and able to do so. She can spare vessels and trained men by the twenties of thousands without feeling the want of them at home. To-day's news from the Afghan irontier means an open declaration of war, and England cannot or ought not to draw back. And what has our Ministry been doing duriDg the last six weeks of grace for pre paration while all the other colonieB have been setting ub a splendid example? Our Ministry has been asleep or ignorantly shortsighted of the danger, and has done nothing at all. Hay, worse, they have been doing their very best in quenching that weak flame of warlike spirit existing in our Volunteer Force by niggerly parsimonious beggering. What plea sure, nay encouragement, has been tendered to our force to go willingly to meet the foe ? For whom and for what? For the wealth and riches of our Banks, merchants, and rich men. What have they done to deserve it ? They have always looked upon volunteers and soldiering aB something inferior, beneath their notice. But no doubt in time of real danger those very men so very deeply in terested will show no lack of crocodile's tears, prayers, and lamentations, and will call upon the public to be protected. It is a disgrace to be In Buch an unprepared position, and not worthy of the descendants of the Anglo-Saxon race, known for their prudence and courage in many instances in troubled and dangerous times. I trust it is net too late yet to prepare and alter matters, so as to be able to defend our homes against such a vicious and dangerous foe as the Russians are known to be. Let the Parlia ment be assembled as soon as possible, and let the Ministry issue orders for future sanction that every able-bodied man between 18 and 50 to be enrolled at once, to be trained and drilled ; let the beet and strongest men be picked out to get the existing rifles and placed amongst our drilled men; let weapons and ammunition and warlike stores be obtained without loss of time; and, what is better, let every one, rich or poor, small or big, show the true spirit of patriotism. Without such a defence is weakened. Every one must do his or her best to encourage and strengthen, by example and precept, 'the cause of the defence. If such is the case, very little danger but that the foe will be beaten back; but with the general existing half-hearted and careless feeling the landing foe will have it all its own way, and the nation will have to suffer dis grace, plunder, and rapine, and it would be a lasting stain on the history of Australia. I am, Sir, &c.;, A BEVILAQUA. Sir—So many letters bave been written on the neglect of our Government in not making such preparation for the defence of this colony as lay in their power, that think not only the public but also the Ministry themselves must be tired of reading the columns of com plaints that daily appear in the various papers. I will therefore not make any criti cism in this direction, but with your permission would like to suggest that Major-General Downes be immediately telegraphed for from Melbourne, as 1 am sure that his great experience in the handling of troops, together with his perfect knowledge of the country around Adelaide, would do a vast deal towards repulsing an enemy should they land on our shores, and save ub paying an indemnity which we can so ill afford. I would also suggest that, as the Military-road has been examined and found wanting, that the volunteers should at once be put into camp, the men who are in work for the night only, those who are out of work to remain during the day, and under competent engineers make the Military-road fit for conducting military operations, or eke to construct a rail way, as may be deemed necessary by thoBe in authority. Trusting that now onr "Grand Old Man" has returned from hiB holiday to resume the duties of his office he will do that which is required of him in this time of danger, lam, bir, &c.;, AN OLD SOLDIER. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—I am not a soldier, and am not sure of rule or precedent In a matter of this kind, bnt it hoe occurred to me that in any scheme of Australian defence, while each separate colony should do itB best to repel the attack of an invading force, all the colonies would be stronger were they to act together nnder some one competent military head, directing affairs from a central position, each colony helping its neighbour when attacked. Such an officer, I suppose, wonld have to be ap pointed or approved by Imperial authority. From his experience, recognised ability, and present position the name of our late Gover nor, Sir William Drummond Jervois, occurs to me as that of a commander in whom all Australians would have confidence. I am, bir, ac., UNITED AUSTRALIA. Sir—For some dayspast I have read with much interest the various articles and letters appearing in the Register columns and those of your contemporary anent the seeming utter disregard of the Ministry as to the critical state of affairs. What do these men mean—treason, treachery, or what—in thus preserving their stand of "masterly in activity?'" Can it be possible that they intend to treat with contempt and scorn the voice of the people, as expressed in the daily papers, in the face of threatened danger? or is their action a proof positive of then- gross ignorance and utter incapacity of grasping the situation ? I hear on every side harsh but truthfully expressed comments concerning the Ministry, and Burely what has already appeared in print should convince these men that they would have the country with them to a man in whatever they did as regards placing the capital and its approaches in a complete state of defence. Let them hear a word of caution in time. This continued apathy and seeming contempt for popular opinion will not be borne with much longer, and the ColtoD Ministry may yet have the disgrace and shame of being ignominiously hurled from office by the demand of the people at a moment when all is chaos Bubse-* quent to a raid of Russian warships. I hear expressions from the members of our defend ing forces as regards the inaction of the Ministry which tend to almost make one trembletand wbich lead one to look for fearful trouble in the event of a sudden appearance of the enemy. Not a word of information can be obtained from official sources to in any way give either officers or men the slightest idea of what they are to O'* on an emergency. Is this not a positive uic^.^oe in the face of what is being done and is already done by the other Australian Colonies ? I wish to be no mere alarmist, Mr. Editor, but let me assure you that what 1 have written is the feelings of hundreds of men good and true. Let the people hear some word of assurance from the Government that they are taking active steps to defend fair Adelaide and its environs seawards. I much fear the Ministry are placing too much reliance upon the assumed profundity and calm contempt of (Honest ?) Tom Playford. If so, their speedy and ignominious downfall is certain. I am, Sir, &c.;, ACTIVITY. Sir—I beg to enclose a paper that was found in King William-street. It has been suggested to me that it is only a rough sketch of a proclamation. " Whereas it is desirable to satisfy some weak-minded colonist, the following regulation, made by His Excellency in Council, under 18 or any other clause in force, is published for general information: —The Governor, by causing a white light to be fixed on the Post-Office tower, may call out all volunteers, and on such light appear ing every volunteer shall assemble in obedience thereto, and shall place himself under the command of the officer command ing. After assembling the officers will give every man sixty rounds blank cartridge. This is thought the best way to save blood being shed, as the call may only be a friendly one, but if it is afterwards discovered that an enemy has landed, every man should retire into the hills and build a fort. All officers commanding forts, ships of war, or any of the S.A. Force, must only use blank cartridges in answer to any attack, unless they set the white light on the tower. It is thought prudent to keep a man ready to ride into town on rainy nights to look for the light. Officers and men, that light is your guiding star, your high tower, look to it." If the man who lost the above is a Minister I must look out, but I don't think any of them could Bhoot a bird flying ON THE WING. Sir—Now that the subject of defending our " hearthB and homes" is the engrossing topic of the day, and so maDy suggestions are offered as to the best means of doing so efficiently, I should like to offer one or two of my own. They are as followsFirst, instead of calling out all civilians the Govern ment should immediately raise a special force of at least 1,000 men. These could easily be pot from the young fellows who throng our city, the majority of whom are only anxious to be able to put themselves in an efficient state to be of service in time of need, and are onlv deterred from joining the regular Defence Force by their dislike to be bound for three years. But if our Go vernment were to ~ offer to enrol them for one year in any case, or in event of a lengthened war until such time as the war was over, I am suie that our young men would jump at the chance. This force would be very little expense to the Government, all they would require being competent drill instructors and arms, and would not receive pay; as of course they would only be called upon to assist in defending the city or suburbs, which I think they would be quite capable of doing after a few weeks' night drills, especially if small earthworks or even shelter trenches were thrown up commanding the principal approaches. Tnis would, 1 believe, suit the views of many people, and also eventually bring many recruits to our regular Defence Force. Secondly, the powers that be should take immediate steps to put the Field Battery of Artillery in efficient order for active service (which it. is not at present) by providing them with good horses for the guns and wagons, and mounting the sergeants. Arrangements should be made to enable them to have the horses at the sheds within ten minutes of an alarm being given, not already tired out with the day's work ana perhaps wanting food and water, bnt able to go at once for a day or night in harness, and more especially trained to stand the firing and smoke of the guns. The men then would be able to work with a confidence which they cannot feel now. Above all the making of the Military- road should be pnshed on at once, which T am glad to see the Government intend doing. ... . I am, sir, ffic. A VOLUNTEER OFFICER OF '53, Adelaide, April 15, Sir—I am glad to see by an advertisement in yonr papeis of this date that the military authorities have determined to enrol time f spired men into the Reserve next Monday. The Reserve Force should be the most efficient in the colony, consisting of men who have had three years' training, and who have thoroughly learnt the nee of the rifle. This force has been too long neglected. Time-ex pired men in the past have not been en conrased to enrol and the advantages of join ing made known. According to Act o Parliament the Reserve can only be wailed ont for drill twelve timeB in the year, except ing of course in time of war. The pay is 5b. per drill of four hoors, 2s. 6d. under. Valuable class-firing prizes (given by the Government), from £10 downwards, are open to the Reserve. The number of paid drills is fixed by Act of Parliament, viz., not under four nor more than twelve in the year. I notice that Major Lee, commanding the Reserve, has expressed his determination to work up this force. I hope he may be successful. Monthly drills will preserve efficiency, and will give plenty of spare Saturday afternoons for athletic sports and for rifle practice, which will enable the Reserve to carry off the lion's share of prizes at the annual rifle contests at Dry Creek and fit them for the higher and nobler work of defending their country from any invader that may assail us. Trusting tuat au time-expired men will rally upon Monday and respond to the call of duty. I am, Sir, &c.;, Old Volunteer and Eesebye, 