THE TOEYISM OP TO-MOKROW. AN'- INTERVIEW WITH LORD RAN DOLPH CHURCHILL. LFrom the Fall Mall Gazette. ] On hearing of Lord Randolph Churchuls intention to leave England for some months' holiday, we sent one of our representatives to wait upon him with the object of nutting the tuuxiury in possession oi uia views on tne present and his hopes for the future. The following is a report of the conversation that took^ place on the occasion : — ' I am going to India,' said Lord Randolph Churchill, '_? because I hate the cold weather, and the political ground is perfectly clear for a holiday, and I am very tired of work. The reform question will be practically settled and done with by the end of this year, and next session the Government will merely be living on sufferance until the boundaries are readjusted and registers are ready for a general election.' ' Then you do not agree with Mr. Morley, who has no great faith in the proposals working to the end that is hoped.' 'Decidedly not,' replied Lord Randolph, 'both parties are pledged too deeply to allow the negotiations to fail. What the arrangement is to bo is more than I can tell you, for I am not arranging it ; but I can tell you roughly what the scheme is that I should like to see. The two essentials are that urban and rural districts should be separated, and that re ?resentation should be based on population, 'here is no difficulty about the application of these two principles whatever. I have seen a scheme drawn up by a young Conser vative which take3 53,000 as the number entitled to a member, and find the sum work out as easily as possible. The whole country is mapped out in single member con stituencies, each with a population of 53,000. Purely agricultural boroughs beneath 10,000 should be merged in the counties ; small borcugh.3 which are really urban should be grouped. The scheme I have told you of shows how this can be done all over the country without an7 of those geographical diffi culties with which Mr. Bright tried to frighten the Eighty Club.' Our representative here asked whether Lord Randolph would apply his principles with equal rigour in the ca.s3 of counties and of London. Yes, certainly,' was the answer. ' London should have its full quota of seventy members, or whatever it might be. Why not 1 There is no objec tion to it. On the contrary, there is the strongest possible r eat on in favour of giving London its utmost due ; for that is the only way of redressing the balance between the north and the south. As for the centrifugal theory, who would ever have thought of it, and who will ever be found to believe in it except Mi. Gladstone? I am forgiving town and country each its due, neither more nor less. Certainly I have no desire to rob London or any other towns to nay the coun ties more than their due, for I do not believe that the agricultural labourers will vote Tory. On the contrary, if as I hope and believe the farmers vote Tory their labourers, you may be sure, will vote Liberal. And besides, the Church of Eng land, which is a great political force on the Tory side, is not nearly so strong in the counties as in the towns— all the best energy of the Church is spent nowadays in the towns. To the counties, then, I should cer tainly not be tempted to give more than their due. They should be split up into siDgle- membered divisions, just as large boroughs into single-membered wards. Single membered constituencies are the soul of the whole concern; they afford the only working system of minority representation. As for the old two-membered county constituencies they are simply a survival from the days before railways, when the two members were wanted to protect each other 'from robbers by day and ghosts by night.' There is nothing whatever to be said for them any longer.' Nothing, our representative admitted, except that, as Mr. Bright would say, they are ' on the old foes.' ' The old lines,' Lord Randolph replied, 11 simply mean the old Whig dodges. The Whigs are playing just the same game now that they clayed in 1867, and they ought to be met in the same way that they were then. They went on prating about six-pounders and seven- pounders, and so on, till Lord Beacons field went down to the firm ground of prin ciple in household suffrage. And that is what will have to be done now— we must go down to the 'principle of population. The ' fancy' scheme in the Standard, even if it had survived my examination of it at Birmingham, would never bv any pos sibility have passed the House of Commons — if only for this reason, that it raised an infinity^ of debateable details. Still less would it afford any basis for an agreement between the two parties now. But if you go on the basis of population there is much less room for distrate, and that is why some such scheme as I have sketched out to you will have to be adopted.' Our representative, as a good Radical, only hoped that it would be. ' Well, if the Radicals like it so much ths better. All- 1 can Eay is that 1 regard the arrangement of the reform question as infinitely good for the Tories and infinitely bad for the Liberals. Why, the whole sting will have been taken out of the agitation against the Lords, and there will be quite as much credit on our side as on the other from the reform business. This being so, I see no reason whatever why we should not win the next election.' Our representative here ven tured to suggest that even an easy victory required a body of fighters, and that ' our only general' on the Tory side wa3 retiring to India. ' But,' rejoined Lord Randolph, 'we do not need to show any fight just now ; our strength is to sit still. A Government that is in on sufferance never has a good time; it has no opportunity of accomplishing anything, but only opportunities of being harassed. And Mr. Gladstone's Government will have a ghastly array of questions to face next year before it dies — Ireland, Egypt, South Africa, and, ghastliest of all, a bank rupt Budget. ' Mr. Gladstone is a host in himself.' No doubt ; but are you quite sure that you will have Mr. Glads-tone to fight the next election for you 1 Are you certain that he will not do, as he has so' often hinted, and retire from public life as soon as he has seen the Reform TMlls through ? And if you have no Mr. Gladstone, bufc all Mr. Gladstone's post-obits, how do you think you will fare at the polls ?' Our representative gladly admitted the probability of a Conservative victory for the sake of learning from Lord Randolph Chureh hill ' what will he do with it ?' ' That de pends entirely on the composition of the Conservative Cabinet; and I can only speak for myself of what I should like to see. Even so you will hardly expect me to unfold a complete programme for you ; but let me ask you whether you have con sidered how many of Mr. Gladstone's sub jects in that celebrated article of his in the Nineteenth Century have never been touched at all, and what Tory Democracy might do with them. There is the reform of local government, for instance. I would approach that question just a3 I have approached Par liamentary reform. I would have none of the Whig dodges, with their half-and-half dilutions ot the representative system, and their indirect voting, but I should like to see frankly elective and democratic local bodies, I do not believe the country gentlemen would really lose so much influence thereby as is supposed ; they can always serva as elective guardians, for instance, now when they choose, and they would win at least their fair share of representation if all such bodies were purely elective. Licensing i3 a very difficult qnestion ; but I agree with you that if we once had County Boards such as I have described, it would practically be impossible to keep licensing out of their hands. But I do not say that the licensing would be well done. The unpaid Magistracy, how ever, I should maintain, principally as a matter of economy. Then there is the housing of the working classes ; no question is more important than that, and I believe the Tory party will be capable of dealmg with it in a very large way. We are not hampered with any bund devotion to imaginary dictates of political economy, as the Whigs are, and we should not shrink from a large investment of public money and a large amount of State intervention for the benefit of the masses of the people.' The obvious reflection suggested itself that all this would want money. ' Decidedly it would, and you must be prepared before many years are over— espesialiy if the Pall Mall Gazette has its way about the navy — to see the expenditure of the country up to £100,000,000. That is a serious outlook, but we Tories have a great card m reserve in the fair-trade movement. I am not at all dis heartened by the Hackney election, for I recognise quite clearly that it will require a good deal of time to bring the boroughs round to 'fair trade or a tax on corn. When the truth comes to be known— hear, for instance, what Sir John Macdonald has to say of the actual working of the thing in Canada — 1 am not at all sure that fair trade will continue to be regarded as so much oi an economical fallacy. But I look on these things, and have always done ho, solely from the point of view of revenue. Now what can be more flagrantly immoral than Mr, Glad stone's new addition to the income tax— re- stricting the area of taxation at the very moment when he is about to enormously enlarge the area of representation. Bat even Mr. Gladstone could not go on adding to the income tax for ever, and for new expenditure you must go to new sources of -revenue. No' one need think of putting a tax on corn and a duty en imported manufactures just by themselves ; fair trade would be part of a ; general revision of the tariff in the interests of the revenue. What, for instance, if we greatly reduced the duty on tobacco and on tea ? That and things hke that 'would cover a multitude cf new duties. The reductions would be immensely popular with the work ing classes, and would, moreover, I do not doubt, .bring in an increase of revenue itself.' 'In fact,' said our representative, 'you would proceed all along the line of domestic policy in the same 'direction _ as Prince Bismarck, with State Socialism and 'Customs revenue?' 'Precisely,' said Lord Randolph, 'and does not Prince Bis marck know what he is about? He is ths biggest man in the world.' '.And as to foreign and colonial affairs?' ' Well, I need enly make one remark, and that is that the Pall Mall Gazette is doing an excellent service by keeping the question of the Empire above the region ox part? politics. This is most important in the matter cf the colonies, although, all the present talk, by the-way, about Imperial federation is mere moonshine. The scheme is altogether pre mature, and it is the greatest mistake in the world to suppose that the fussy self -consti- tuted representatives of the colonies here really represent public opinion out there. As to the navv, if all the Pall Mall Gazette says is true, then nothing short of an imme diate expenditure on an adequate scale caa be thought of. I am bound to say that all I have heard entirely bears out ' the truth abput the navy,' and I shall be much sur prised if the debate in the House of Commons doe3 not conclusively make in the same direction. The Conservative front bench is every bit as much to blame as the Liberal ; they'haye been in a conspiracy cf ignorance and optimism together. Still, there is less to hope for now frbm the Liberals of the two. The present Government is bankrupt, and will not dare to spend as largely as is necessary. Even worse than nothing would be a wretched million or two, which would do no good but an infinity of harm in hanging the whole question up. For my own part, if 'The Truth about the Navy be admitted, then a large expenditure spread over a number of years should be incurred ; and I should not hesitate for a moment about ib, for I believe it would be as popular as it would be patriotic. The one other thing needful about the navy is to rout out the Admiralty ; there is neither rhyme nor reason in the present arrangements, which are simply an ingenious device for sending responsibility round and round in a vicious circle.' One other question our representative ventured to put before leaving, ' What about Ireland? Is there a lesson to be learaed from Bismarck there also?' ' If a larger expenditure of money by the State on public works is Bismarckian, yes. That would be an immediate and an enormous measure of pacification. And alongside of that it 13 of primary importance to reform the Castle. It is a nest of political corruption— of more kinds than one ; and when next the Pall Mall Gazette wants a new sensation it could not do a better public service than by telling us 'The Truth about Dublin Castle.' Lst me eay this in conclusion. You have said that the schemes I have been talking to you about sound as if they were learned in the school of Bismarck. Well, when Prince Bismarck first propounded his domestic policy everybody said it was absurd, and the English newspapers in particular conspired to ridicule it. Yet Prince Bismarck seems to be getting on pretty well, don't you. think? —and there is universal suffrage, remember, in Germany.' 