Published. every Friday. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 4TH, 1885. THE very rapid approach of the end of the present session of the Parliament of Victoria, suggests to us a few thoughts on the progress of political events in this colony. There can be no doubt that many useful measures have passed into law; but it is also true that the developement of; this young nation is so rapid that new laws, or the re-construction of old ones, -are constantly called for to meet fresh phases of public requirement. It is a high compliment to pay to our colonial legislators, to state that on the whole they have risen to the height of any emergency which presented itself. We say "on the whole," for -there have been exceptional cases where "some one has blundered," and the community has had to suffer in consequence. The same may be said of the British 1Parliament, and indeed of any and every deliberative and legislative body in the world. In our last issue we expreesed our views on two measures which have occupied a large share of Parliamentary and public attention-the new Licensing Act and the Shops and Factories Bill. We are not about to revert to them. Our local representatives have, we believe, done their best to conserve the interests of their constituents; but it is impossible for even the most pliant Member to please everybody. He.who essays to do so usually ends by pleasing no one, and in disgusting all. In fact this constituency would rather have men as their representatives who are possessed of "backbone and fibre," than some invertebrate zoophytes who have neither will nor independence in either thought or action. It is interestiug to notice low Parliament and the Press act and re-act the one upon the other. It has been said that "the pen is mightier than the sword," and it is certain that the Press is practically more powerful, per se than Parliament. United, joining hands they can accomplish almost anything, but if divided in opinion and policy, the odds are about a thousand to one in favor of the Press. The Fourth Estate of the Realm can point to numberless victories it has won, entirely vanquish ing the other three "Estates." It seems quite within the region of prcba bility that one "Estate "-the House of Lords--will ere long be placed on a totally different footing to that which it has occupied for centuries. In nearly every case in which great public reforms have been accomplished, the press was the first to agitate, the public were led rand' . "educated" by' the: press,; and Parliament hiad perforce to yield to the pressure thus brought to bear upon it. Abuses, whether in social and moral matters, in military, naval, or ecclesias tical affairs, have been exposed and redressed by the efforts of the Press. We make these reimarks "to endeavour to impress upon our readers the mani feat duty. which rests, upon them fo uphold Liberal and Independent jour d nalism. A free press is the palladium of liberty. . Our youing 'men-the risinggenera Stion--cannotbe too much eneouraged to acquaint themselves with the history and principles of Parliamentary govern o ment' for-the youths of to-day (some g of them) will be the legislators bye-and bye; and upon the soundness of their E present education, and the correctness of their views on questions of general and fiscal policy:will, to a large extent, depend the future prosperity of the colony. In the new Electoral Act Amend ment Bill, it is understood that Ministers do not propose to give an additional member to Collingwood. Much might lie written on this topic'; but so long as our present Members do their duty well, and respond to the reasonable demands of their constituents our readers and ourselves may be con tent to " bide our time,. and wait a happier day." Meantime it is the duty of every elector to prepare for the coming general election, and to adopt measures a by which it shall be Eecured that what ever has been done of a beneficial character in the past shall be greatly increased in the future. A little gentle pressure will not do our Parliamentary representatives any harm, and as for any new candidates that may come forward, it is certain they will not stand a ghost of a chance of success ,t unless they are able to endure the most crucial of social and political tests. The East Brunswick police station is now an accomplished fact. Sergeant Manson, one of "the London Fifty," is in charge, and has two constables under him. The locale of the station is in Edward-street near Lygon-street, and within a short distance of the Quarry hotel. On Friday night the 27th ultimo about eight o'clock, a fire broke out in a shed at the No 2 Hoffman's Brick Company's works, Brunswick. The building was neused as a storeroom and e contained a large quantity cf cotton waste, wood and kerosene. The fire is supposed to have originated through the carelessness of one of the employes in handling a lighted candle in thei shed. The damage is estimated at about £100, and is said to be covered by insurance in the Norwich Union .Company. The Brunswick Fire Bri- gade were promptly in attendance but were considerably hampered in their efforts to quench the flames, owing to the low water pressure. The firemen, however, assisted by some of the com pany's employis threw, a quantity of sand on the burning material, and in the course of a couple of hours suc ceeded in subduing the flames. At the Coburg Police Court last Tuesday morning the cases of Miller v. Husdey, and Hussy v. Miller, were brought on before Mr. Alley. P.M., and a full bench. It will be remembered that on the 4th ultimo a dispute arose between Hussy, the station-master at the Coburg railway station, and Miller, who is a porter at the same place. Cries of murder were heard by two of the etackade warders, and-on procoeding to the station they found Hussy lying senseless. On the the other hand.the porter, Miller, alleges by cross-summons that the stationmaster had assaulted him. Mr. Purves appeared for Hussy, and Mr. Gillott for Miller; and after hearing evidence the Bench fined Miller £10, in default three months' imprison ment; two guineas cost.' The annual licensing meeting for the district of Coburg was held on Tuesday last, before Mr. Alley P.M., when the following renewals were granted :—F. W. Rowlands, Pentridge hotel; George Leap, Cricketers Arms; P.J. Prender- gast, New Golden Fleece hotel; R. Woolacott, Post Office hotel; and G. Goff, Nugget and Woolpack hotel. A renewal on transfer was granted to Mrs. K. Delaney, for the Coburg Inn. A grocer's license was granted to Samuel Manly. "Politicalinfludence ? Very nice," said Mr Purves whilst cross-examining Porter Miller at the Coburg court on Tuesday last, from whom he elicited that he had, diring his foour year er.a vice in :the'. Railway department-been. dismissed on a former occasion for a row with a station-master at Murtoa—or, as Miller put it, he " was sacked for taking his own part." " Oh, I see," said Mr Purves, "jusoet merely for taking your own part. Very good, indeed. And how did.you get back? By political influence, wasn't it?"'. Miller replied, "Partly by political influence." " Who was in office at the time ?" queried Mr Purves; to which Miller replied, "ir a Bent; itjwas about three years ago." We have pleasure in announcinog that the -Railway Department are so t forward with the plans, that in a few days it is expected that tenders will be called for the Alphington and Heidle- berg portions of the proposed railway line. The middle route is the one the department has decided to carry out. At the Colliogwood Court on Tues day, a girl of eighteen years of age deposed as followis:--"I can neither read nor write; I was sent out to work when I.was only seven years of age, and 'I don't know A fro0m B." What are the School Boards of A abont j Wiat bIpsa ;be?oop of the ( Truant Inspector? ' 