Why Bid He Wed Her ? ? * ? BY MES. SOUTHWORTH, AUTHOR OF 'THE HIDDEN HAND' 'SELF- MADE,' 'THE BEIDE OF AN EVENING,' &c.; CHAPTER XVIEE.— Continued. He tore off the tight-fitting gloves, splitting them in many places as he wrenched and pulled at them. When thev were off he examined both. The left-hand glove had not a speck upon it, and had some off inore easily than the right, and ' so had Hot been much torn. He threw that on the dressing- case. Then he looked around in an agony of anxiety to see where he could safely hide, or how lie could entirely destroy, the right-hand glave — the bloody ?witness of crime. His glance fell on the register In the chimney. And he tore up the glove with teeth and hands Into separate fingers and strips of kid, and pushed them through the open bars of the register into the inferno below. Then he hurried into the bathroom adjoining his chamber, took off his hat and washed the blood from his forehead — washed it over and over again many times before he ventured to use a toweL Finally he dried his face and brushed his hair,, and took up -ns coat and examined it 'with jnicroseopic care. There was not a speck upon it. lETfa trousers were submitted to the same ordeal, end were found without spot or blemish. Next bis patent boots were serutiniBed. Tes, there on the Earning toe of the right boot was a little eplasii, like a flattened drop of dark-red sealing wax. He recognised and shuddered at it. He took come paper from a wall basket, wet it, and wiped »ff the stain. This process he repeated many times. Then he twisted up the wet paper in email morpels, and put them through the bars of the register, and sent them down after the glove. Then he dressed himself carefully, and sank jLcrni-n into the arm chair. He was still trem bling with strong emotion — emotion that was every moment getting more and more beyond Ms eontroL Suddenly he started up and rang the belL In a few moments some one came in answer to the summons, turned the handle of the door, and finding it fast knocked. He got up and opened it. A white boy of about 15 years old, dressed a3 a page, stood there. ' Bring me a glass of brandy. I am not well/ said G-entleman -Geff. The boy ducked his head and disappeared. Gentleman Geff left the door open, and went and sank into his chair. In a short time the boy returned to the room, lvringing a pretty little service — a silver tray, on which stood a small cut-glass decanter of pure French brandy, a cut-glass jug of water, clear as crystal, a cut-glass plate of pounded ice, over which lay a silver teaspoon, and. a fine, thin glass goblet. He set the tray on a little stand, and lifted both «nd stood them beside the gentleman in the easy chair. ' Now, sir, if you would like sugar and a lemon, er some crackers, or anything else, I can bring them immediate ; but as you only 6aid brandy — ' * I -want nothing else, thank you/ replied Gentleman Geff. ? You can go.' The boy ducked again and disappeared. The lnnn of many aliases put a spoonful or two of ice in the goblet, filled it to the brim with brandy, stirred up the contents, and drank them down at a draught. 'It is truly eau-de-vie/ he said, with a pro found sigh of relief and satisfaction ; and he eat back and enjoyed the effect of the stimu lant. * It 'was fate/ he said. * In both instances,, fate — the sacrifice in the wilderness of California, tad the sacrifice in the street of the great, popu lous city — each a sacrifice, each a necessity — tieither a murder !* ' Yes, it was destiny ! If I had been born a millionaire — if I were now a millionaire — no doubt I should never have taken human life, or wronged a human being, for it was never my will wantonly to do either. ' On the contrary, with millions at my disposal, J should have been a benefactor to my race. I should have endowed churches, hospitals and erphan asylums, and all that sort of thing. I know I should. It was in me to do it. But here ?m I — ' He stopped, put some more pounded ice in the goblet, filled it up with brandy, and emptied it at a draught. * Here am 1/ he resumed, setting' down the glass, ?'the victim of fate ! Instead of being born the millionaire that would have evolved the philanthropist, I was born a poor devil of a gen tleman, that has developed into nothing but a miserable victim of circumstances V He got up and walked the floor. Presently the boy in buttons, f fright* Aloyisius, came again and announced : * If you please, sir, breakfast is on the table.' Gentleman Geff arose, looked at himself in the class) thought he was all right, and followed the toy, '^ho led him downstairs and into the break fas- fc-room, where the lawyer sat with the morning Tetjmpeteb in his hand. 'Anything new ?' inquired Gentleman Geff, in ?s steady a tone as he could command. * No ; nothing special Beports of a change of Ministry in England, by way of foreign intel ligence.' *And domestic news P * Oh, nothing but racing at Saratoga, trotting en Long Island, and yachting everywhere. Wall Btreet financial operations, and so forth.' ?No — casualties f inquired Gentleman CtenvJn pore 'fatuity. * Look here, Hay! Are you one of these Eng lishmen of whom it is said that he always wants his morning paper laid beside hie plate ?n the breakfast table because he likes to enjoy Ida murders with his muffins?' demanded the .lawyer, laying down the paper and drawing up to the table. 'Because if you are you will be disappointed. I have not found the ghost of a. panrder in the morning papers. Come, draw op.' Gentleman Geff affected to laugh, drew bis chair to the table, and sat down. He drank the coffee set before Mm by Aloyisius, but partook very slightly of the buttered toast, lice waffles, fresh mackerel, and tender loin beef - fteak set before him. Walling ate heartily, and, like too many very busy, professional men, much too rapidly. As they arose from, the table, the lawyer said: rl$-m I am at your service for an hour/ and led bifl client into his study at -tie ride of the louse. . Gentleman Geff had really luHtaudness to trans mot, nor did he intend to make any setQementB on bis bride-gleet; he only wanted an excuse for Ms Bntamel/ appearance as the Grand Central. But be «c»nld give the lawyer instructions for drawing tap the deeds, and could make the amount as Jradsome «a possible, oa he never meant to sign the papers. He seed not do so jheoould* change The lawyer wrote rapidly while his client dic tated. ' Now these shall be engrossed and ready for signature in a day or two/ said Mr. Walling, as he arose from his writing-table. There is no particular hurry about that. I only wished you to take my instructions at once be cause I may be going out of town immediately, and may not have another opportunity.' c The weather getting1 too warm for you ?' * Eather. I shall try to persuade Miss Leegh to join her friends at Newport ; and if she consents to do so, I shall escort her there, and take rooms in the same hotel with her party.' ' I see. Well, Hay, I have to go down town. Make yourself quite at home. I shall be delighted to find you here when I return/ said the lawyer, passing'out into the hall, and taking his hat from the rack. ' You are very kind; but I also must go down into the city to look after my effects, which are still in the Custom-house.' ' Come along, then, and I hope you will return and dine with me. Why not send your baggage here, and be my guest until you go to Newport ?' cordially inquired the lawyer. * Thanks very much. Should be delighted. Will think of it/ replied the client. They left the house and walked on to Fourth avenue, where they took a down car to City Wall. The car was full, yet not crowded 5 the two men found seats. The lawyer drew two morning papers from his pocket, handed one to his companion and opened the other himself. Gentleman G e2 feared to look at any part of his but the few first columns that contained the cable news. He was pretending to read that, yet listening eagerly to the conversation of the passengers. In the intensity of his inward anxiety, and in his absorption in that one idea, he fell into the morbid mistake that all the city was thinking and talk ing of the dark deed that lay so heavily on his own conscience. He forgot that in the great and crowded city the finding of a poor unknown girl's dead body would be but a Email item in the news of the day. No one spoke of such anevent; infaet, there was but very little talk in the car, and it was of racing, trotting matches, Tt'™v'g shares, anything else but — that. ' And yet the body must have been found very soon after — ' ' Gentlemen Geff shuddered, and left the sentence in his thoughts unfinished. Low down on Fourth-avenue Mir. Walling got off at the corner of the street leading to his office. ' See you at dinner/ he said to Gentleman Geff, on leaving. The man of many aliases rode on farther and still farther, passed the gloomy prison of the Tombs, and sickened at the sight of its heavy walls and closely grated windows, and at the thought of that inclosed yard within— the place of executions. ' What if— what if—' He shuddered away from the thought. Oh, for the peace of those poverty-stricken days before he was tempted by greed of gold to crime. Oh, for the old peace! A little farther on he left the car, and entered a drinking saloon, not only for the glass of brandy that seemed an hourly necessity now, but to hear if— In such places the thing would be more likely to be talked of than anywhere else, except in the police courts and quarters. There were several loungers present, drinking and talking with animation, but their subject was a match that was to come off the next day between two noted boxers. He called for his glass of cognac, tossed it off, laid down the price, and left the place. He wandered around among the narrow, crowded streets of the lower section of the city, listening everywhere ; but never once did he hear — what he feared. ? Men's talk was of everything else but — that. Later, he went to the Custom-house, where he found frig servant waiting for him. 'Ah, you are here, Clark. Did you find com fortable quarters last night ?* he inquired. ' Yes, sir, in a tavern, 'ard by 'ere ; and was 'on 'and 'ere' as Eoon as the 'erase was 'hopen/ 'Any news down this way, Clark?' ' No, sir, none as would interest a gentleman like you. I 'ear as there is a dog fight to come off to-morrow between ? * ' Yes, I heard of that ; and, as yousay, it don't interest me.' Gentleman Geff got his baggage, and ordered it to be taken to an up-townhoteJ, where he directed Mb servant to meet him; Then he called a cab and drove to the same des tination. On reaching the hotel, he went to the office, engaged axoom, and registered himself as : Eandolph Hay, Haymore, Yorkshire, England. Then he bought 'a copy of each of the day's papers, and went up to Ms room, preceded by the porter with the key. As soon as he was admitted, he dismissed bis attendant, locked the door, and sat down to search the papers, as he had not dared to do all day. One after another he unfolded, and diligently searched, without finding the fearful lines. At length, however, in an abscure corner of an inside page of one paper, he found these head lines and trembled :i — ? . £. MySTEEX. ' THH DEAD BODI OV AS CI.TUJOWX OXBS TOWV OB QVABBT BTBEMV ' As Patrolman Davis, of the ? — — Precinct, wai pas sing on his beat down Quarry-street, at S o'clock thu morning, he came upon the body of a young girl, lying in front of the disreputable mouse No. SI. - Stelayasif she had rolled over parti j on her left moe. Her right arm was f brown oul upon the grating of the cellar door, palm downward and- Angela slightly curved. Tnrnine tie bull's eye of hlfl dark lantern to bear upon this he saw that the lingers of the baud and the bar* of the gmtdngwera slightly 8tsdneawifch'blooa. ' .?..,-? Onfurtner examination, he tow that the keen bright rays of the lantern struck something that glittered on the deep cellar floor tinder the grating, end. 111 aline with the 2umd of the girl. ? - . ? Looking closer, he saw that this^eomething' was a large clasp-knife, ?with the J-lade- 'open^-apparently £he jyery weapon with which the unhappy girl had eUin lier «alf, and which, as she Tolled over in her death agony, had fallen tronj her hands, or which-ehe had purposely droned through the grating into the cellar beneath. The girl is eappOBedto hfl.TeT-eenan inmate or a casual visitorof theaousBai whose door »he was found. But the BeoDle there denyaUlmowledgeof her. Nothing-WMfpund Snher persOP by which *he could be identified, the inife picked up from thecellBiiBinthepowsBsion of the police, ?- rthe coroner has been notified Tie police bettera this tobeacaBeoItiniinBBtiontAlefnDoi4e. v '' .- * . ' . Gentleman Geff 'laid down the paper.wiiah. » sigh of relief, and gat gilent and motaonleaa for some littJetime; th^ hemutl-Bred to bimself : 'Of -iour8eitwaeBnicidel. What more can be made of it? It was xeally euicide. I never wished to hurt her, but with suicidal fatuity she followed me up and brought me to bay, and forced me to put her out of my way ! It was she or I, one or the other, must be sacrificed, and — self-preservation is the first law of nature.' Gentleman Geif having laid 'this nattering unction to his soul,' looked carefully through all the other papers to find further confirmation of this, theory, of suicide, but found no mention made of the * mystery.' ' I fancy the Texthpeteb is the only one that has it 1 The other morning papers had probably all gone to press before this news reached their offices.' For a while he seemed greatly relieved, but soon he grew troubled again. 'The body will be taken to the Morgue, after the inquest, and left there for recognition. Sup pose some of her fellow-passengers in the steerage of the steamer in which she came over, should be led by curiosity to visit the dead- house, and identify the body, and should know where she had lodged, and direct the police to the place, and niy letters and photograph shouid be found? Bah I A very extreme improbability. Besides, my letters were all signed Kightly Montgomery ! And my pho tographs were all taken in the hussar's uniform and the military moustache. Not in the citizen's dress and full beard of to-day. I am morbid. I wish my trunks would come ; then I would dress, and go call on Kiss Leegh ! ' As if his wish had conjured np its fulfilment, there came a rap at his door, followed by the entrance of two porters bearing between them a heavy trunk. They set it down, received their fee, and departed. ? Send my servant up if he has arrived !' said Gentleman Geff to the men, as they left the room. , In a few minutes Clark entered to take orders. * I am going out to spend the evening. Qpen my trunks and lay out a suit,' said the master. The man obeyed, and in twenty minutes more Gentleman Geff left the hotel, threw himself into a hansom cab, and drove to the Yansitart house. Here he found Lamia Leegh in radiant beauty, and passed with her hours that made him forget, *or the time being, the sin of his souL He did not look at any evening paper. If he did so, his self-complacency would have been disturbed — for one and all of these journals con tained a more or less true account of the tragedy of the preceding night, headed 1 ' Attempted Suicide of a Beautiful Girl,' or in similar sen sational words, but ended in this correction : . ' The young- woman is not dead, however, as was- erroneously stated in one of the morning papers, that must have accepted a too hasty re port of the case, but lies in a very precarious con dition at Samaritan Hospital. She is too low to be questioned, or expected to give an account of herself.' But Gentleman Geff never saw this correction, and as it was the last that appeared in the papers about the victim, her would-be murderer lived, in fancied safety. He persuaded Miss Leegh to join her friends at Newport, wMch, as she had completed her trous seau, and had received her betrothed, for whom she had waited in the heat of the city, she was not loth to do. She wrote to Mrs. Vansitart to ask if it would be agrpeable to have her with them, and received a cordial invitation to join that lady's party. So, within a few days, Misb Leegh, escorted by 'Mr. Hay,' embarked on one of the Sound steamers for Newport. At that same hoar of their embarkation a young woman, who had been found wounded on a side walk of the city and taken to the Samaritan Hospital, several days before, and who now, in answer to questions, faintly whispered that her name was Jane Montgomery, and that she was married, gave birth to a female irrfturk. (TO BB CONTINUED.) 