RELIGIOUS NEWS. SERMON ON " CANDLESTICKS."—On Sunday evening the Rev. J. C. Kirby preached a sermon on " Candlesticks" in the Congregational Church, Port Adelaide, taking as a text Rev. L 20—"The seven candlesticks which thou sawest are the seven Churches." He said two candlesticks and a cross had been given to a neighbouring Christian Church, and over them there had been very special ceremony. They were not intended to give light, but to be used as religious symbols. There is nothing inherent^ wrong or absurd in religious symbols. In the time of the world's infancy God instituted a worship largely made up of symbols. Among' these was a golden candlestick. Zechariah also had a vision of a golden candlestick, and then there were the seven of the text. The candlestick means, as Christ says, a Church, and it means an earthly temporal Church, for the Churches meant were the seven of Asia. There were many candlesticks distinct, and so there are many Churches. Many other Scriptures prove many Churches. Yet there is but one eternal Church, which is the immortal bride of Christ. This is broader than the Congregational, or the Church of Rome, or the English. Into this Church men are put by direct operation of the Holy Ghost—"By one spirit are ye baptised into one body." The free spirit of God is not bound to any earthly Churches or material . sacraments. As Dr. Fairbairn says:—"The Catholicism of the Catholic Church is broad; but the Catholicism of the Christian religion is broader. Whosoever believeth hath eternal life, and God will give His Holy Spirit to whoever asks. He rejoiced in any gifts to the worthy Church of England clergyman of Port Adelaide, but felt sorry about the candlestick on public grounds aB a Churchman and an Englishman. The Church in question assumed the national name, and as a member of the nation he had. a right to speak. The vast wealthy English Church had great moulding force on the whole of these nations. The candlesticks were symbols of a spiritual force which is changing the English Church, and s ways fuller realization of the ways of the New. Then it is dangerous to add symbols which the Lord has not added to the Lord's Supper. Historically these symbols are not connected with the evangelic, but with the sacramentarian type of Christian doctrine; and as he thought that doctrine a barrier keeping souls back from Christ, he was sorry to see these symbols. He believed also that in connection with the sacramental system which these symbols meant there was a dividing schismatic force which separated Churches from Christian. He pointed to the full communion of the Presbyterian, the Congregational, Baptist, and Wesleyan ChurcheB, and to the relative separation of the Anglican Church, which he held to result from the sacramental leaven. He thought the Ritualists were honest; that the Prayer-book gave full standing for their views, as he thought it did for the views of the Low Church. This inconsistency proved to him that the Prayer-book should be reformed and brought to a New Testament standard. Let us stretch out to the catholicity of the gospeL They who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and in truth are in the Church of God and no other; wherefore with heartfelt catholicity and Christianity let us say" Grace be with all them who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and in truth." " MENDING ONE'S OWN BUSINESS."—There was a large congregation at St. Paul's Church, Port Adelaide, on Sunday night, to hear the Rev. Canon. Green disconrse on "Minding One'sOwnBusiness." He said it was a difficult thing for some people to attempt, and still more difficult for them to accomplish, while yet one that as men and Christians they should seek grace to do. One of the severest rebuffs a man could receive was to be told to mind his own business. The busybody could boast a shameful ancestry of thousands of years, who had been lashed by satirists, ridiculed by lampooners, and spurned by gentlemen. He played with edged tools. Solomon compared his to one who took a dog by the ears; the result might be left to imagination. It was a strange fancy to deal with matters which did not concern them, for surely men could occupv themselves sufficiently with their own. Minding one's own business implied that each had a special business, which gave sanctity and dignity to the individual life, while .finding a thousand opportunities to show forth the spirit of Christ, who not only worked in the carpenter's shop, but healed the sick, raised the dead, and comforted the sorrowing ones. Interfering with other people's business was the result of a vaiu and empty mind. There were some people who wanted to wind up everybody's life in their own certain way; they desired to be the great timekeepers for the world, and show exactly how the minutes of life should pass. For the most part the busybody's footsteps were marked in misery and ruin, and ail men avoided him. He was sure to do harm, because he {had only insufficient information to act upon, and therefore the world counselled and the holy apostles exhorted that they should not mind what people said or did BO long as their hearts and hands were pure. Church of England people were somehow or other called upon to exercise more of Christ's spirit than some other people, because they had to love them who hated them, and, there were plenty who hated them and their religion and ways, and though they did not know or think it, hated the Master. The things which most reused the feelings of some in the Church and many out were those which were directly inten ded to do more honour to their blessed Lord. " But their eyes were holden;" if they knew more about Christ they would love Him more. There were more people in South Australia who held the truth in its integrity that day than twenty or even five years ago. Let each, then, mind his own business, which would be found the same as Christ's glorifying God and doing good to his fellowmen. CARRONDOWN BAPTIST CHURCH, HIND- MAKSH.—Anniversary service in connection with the above took place on Sunday, November S. The Rev. G. Berry, of Angaston, preached morning and evening, and the Rev. W. R. Hiddlestone (pastor) conducted a gospel song service in the afternoon. Crowded congregations attended each service. The vocal and instrumental music was a special feature of interest. The Rev. W. R, Hiddlestone presided at the organ. Comfort for the afflicted. Conqueror Tobacco. 31Lmwsc tST He was in the babit of taking Turkish Baths. Try one and enjoy the effects. 806mwfc £3T Advice to people about to marry. Smoke Conqueror Tobacco. 311mwsc 