it$&uetg; 'Suottcfifcs. by com us. ministers on the wallaby. About that well earned holiday, the Ministerial Family are making the very most of it. They are always more or less "out of town," and now the majority of them are enjoying a general jaunt, and the delights of provincial banquottings. They are thus serving a double purpose. I11 tlic first place, the pleasures of ever changing scenes are good for smoke dried citizens, among whom may be classed these officers of the ship of state ; and in the second place tliey avoid a good deal of the regular kind of deputationising that goes on the year through with unvarying monotony, and -also the calls of a well-known class of Government Office prowlers — a class of flegctimiscd political vagrants with missions 011 an infinite variety of subjects, and who interview the Alinisters whenever they are to be got at with the regularity of a decently correct clock. The Premier leaves Tasmania for New Zealand, where he will see much to open his eyes to the fact that the mother colony is years behind the age in many important respects of government — in that of local government, for example! and in other matters of almost as much moment. Mean while his trusty lieutenant, the energetic and ever green Dalley, is doing his best to popularise the party at present in power, with tall talk of .what lias been done by tlie Stuart Aliuistry in the past, and with fine promises for the future. Let us hope that half the daydreams will.be realised, and that among the confident anticipations indulged in of successful issue out of all our applications, the wonderful Laud Act will prove as admirable a piece of legislation in practice as Abbott and Farnell prophesy. the fallen angel. Shall we say of the mighty legislator (pardon good 'Arry !) what Shakespeare said of Coriolauus : " He was too noble for this world ?" At least, why should I not say so ? He was a public mail ; he was connected with various Governments for several consecutive years, and Premier of the coloiiy for Heaven knows how long ; and the amount of good or ill that a person of Parksniffiau or other personal proclivities, might effect daring such term of office, is beyond measure hard to calculate. It is suffi cient for us to know that wc have had our day aud our "Parkes." We have both still, doubtless, though in altered forms. Our day is passing 011, none of us know whither ; so is our Parkes passing on, just now in obscurity — not even the slow music that accompanies the last dying moments (once per night till the season closes) of the expiring tra gedian on the mimic stage, favours his going off. Whereof wc are sad. He gave promise of better things. A vigorous old age, in which the political liattlcaxe of our political "grand old man" would have been wielded in the political arena with tremendous effect, and would have given us more comfort. It would have been more fitting. An ordinary man at 60, or thereabouts, may retire from the prize ring of human effort without ex citing much notice. But for a political champion, a leader of the people, the oue time self constituted representative of three miliious of British subjects, to sink into the cool, damp, musty, mouldering shade of the most utter obscurity, is an event that naturally barrows up our feelings in no small degree. But " worse remains behind." It is stated that" the Kia'rffa "ghost" has ceased to walk altogether — (you've got to read between the lines here) ; and that Sir Harry is, like Felix O'Callag- lian— " on his last legs." Iu other words, he is, it is said, very poor; and a few pictures, which, however, arc said to he worth some thousands, form the solo remnant of a portable and con vertible nature of the House of Tenterfield. Ye gods ! (of Australia) can such tilings be, and overcome us like a summer cloud: (or brickfield buster) without our special wonder ? Certainly not. And we prefer to continue a- wondering, till the old man eloquent again speaks, as, mark yon, ; speak he will unless the prevalent bad weather of the country carries, him off iu his elderly prime. And then ? But let us wait till then. Aud the Lord send (I mean no irreverence) that we may, iu order to hasten the re-advent of Parkes and Co., establish the payment of members system. We might just as well have professional politicians as : political loafers. Rather hettei» I fancy I can hoar somebody say. Therefore say I, let" us have the ; former by all means, if only for the reason. that he would, if given a decent social status in the com munity, do much to crush the other by far more objectionable elements of colonial society. the money-lending messenger. And talking of Sir Harry reminds one of other : shining lights in the world.' No less a person enters my head at this, time than "the money- lending messenger," who some time since figured in the Supreme Court as plaintiff against the 6'. M. Uoraltl in a libel suit, which he lost. This person was for years messenger to the Executive Council in the Government BuiWings, and according to all accounts drove a- big trade in lending money, for a consideration, to members of the Civil Service, high or low. However, when the case went against, him, and he " went through tlie country," it. appeared that lie had nothing — absolutely nothing. This gentleman is now in charge d'affaires of Sir Ilcnry Parkes' picture depot aforementioned the last of the naval heroes. Staudiug under the portico of the Sydney Town Hall, as the gaily attired officers of the Australian Squadron were trooping in to the Colonist Ball to Commodore Erskiiie, an officer made the- remark that tliey all looked very beautiful— very different from what they looked at sea. ' The remark was very appropriate. To a stranger the gay officers would seem but poor representatives of the profes sion in which Blake and Nelson shone. This might be right, or it might not, certain it is that these " British tars " have shown a great affection for landsmen, or rather landswomen, and their social customs. The smart, elegantly fitting uniform may not be a standard by which the quality of the man may bo judged, but wc are very apt to form our estimate of one another simply by the exterior view. With the ladies almost ariythiug in an offi cer's dress is an object of deep interest, and not a few of our colonial-ladies have taken a matrimonial interest iu the Australian squadron. This is not strange, for a lot of romance still sticks to the pro fession of the sea, and ladies are partieiilarly fond of romance. The question, is— Is the modern offi cer a creature worthy of so much attention ? That vi-c cannot answer. Applying the saying that the proof of the pudding is in' th'c eating of it to the, course pursued by the fair sex, we shouhriHfl opinion that he is ;a man of worth. lovely wome£hbhbjrgbffi| I To what iuconceivabhMriEHHRHsraigg that potent passion, or rather phase of madness, jealousy, will incite a once kind aud amiable man or an affectionate woman is daily being exempli fied. The most thrilling fictions owe their power in many cases to a clever representation of its working and its influence 011 human life. Indeed, so common and familiar arc deeds prompted by jealousy that the public scarcely note their enact ment, or at least pay little heed to them. On many occasions a certain amount of sympathy or ratner pity i3 felt for the jealous man, even more than his victims. Though the most diabolical crimes some times are committed under the influence of jealousy in a few solitary instances a vein of the ludicrous appears. Oue sometimes hears of how an exces sively amiable and fond young man, having con-_ ceived a bitter feeling of jealousy, and traditionally' being convinced that the stern hand of Fate has willed he should die— for so the hero of fiction in variably feels — our friend then screws up his courage "to the sticking place," just writes a melancholy epistle to the object of his jealousy, „ then buys a six-chambered revolver, which . .be-..- carefully loads. He then sadly places it "to his fevered brow, and finally — pawns it with his " uncle" the next day, his courage having stopped short at the last act of the " drama." Recently, however, a display of jealousy was made in a street in Paris, which was fiendishly spiteful in its char acter. A woman named Couffiu, whose - nature would seem to bear a close resemblance to that of . his satanic majesty in its most malignant mood, having become jealous of her husband 011 account of his conduct to another woman, took a fearful revenge. She procured a bottle of that- pleasant emollient, oil of vitrol, and" meeting her husband with the other woman in her stead, threw the con tents in tlieir faces. The effect may be imagined. Both the unfortunate people now lie in the Petit Hospital, in a very precarious condition. a grave yarn. The undertaker has ever been a favourite butt for ridicule, and great capital has been made out of him by no less a humorist than Max Adeler. Yet he is a man essential to our civilisation, and one whose office, if not regarded with absolute re verence, still it is looked on .with strict respect. He is a man who braves the terrors and fears with which too sensitive people surround the dead, and is supposed to have as little objection to handling a corpse as a conscientious thief has to handling a pocket. He is well paid, too, and if fortune smiles; upon him may quickly obtain a seat in our national councils. An undertaker's life, however, seems to be generally a brief 011c, though oue successful fol lower of this calling, who is well-known and ap preciated in our political and social worlds, is a standing exception to that rule. This gentleman has profited much. Epidemics have filled his coffers, and through the ever increasing wish for immortality in tlie Salvation Army, he yet aspires to build up wealth which will rival that of either Vanderbilfc or Jay Gould. To do the profession justice, it must be confessed that if it were not for its existence it would be a most inconvenient tiling, to die. Monetarily and legally this -would be the case. For on our Statute Book we have an enact ment which condemns the man wlio keeps a corpse on his premises to severe penalties. That for the right enjoyment of the living it is necessary that- the dead should be quickly buried is a condition which no one will dispute, especially not those people who- a few days ago passed an undertaking establishment in Hunter-street. The keeper of this establishment seems to cater for the medical students of the Sydney University Some six . weeks before he took six bodies thereto be dis sected, &c.;, and on the occasion referred to they were returned to Iris premises for early interment.. He avowed that he thought the students had de odorised the body, but to his cost he found that, office still remained to be done. The unpleasant odours rapidly- spread outside the premises, aud its presence quickly caused handkerchiefs to be- tiglitly pressed against the noses of unfortunate passers-by. Those only who live next door to a. tannery, a soap-boiling establishment, or the boil ing down premises- at the Glebe Island can imagine; the fearful condition, under tlie circumstances. o£ Hunter-street. The unfortunate undertaker- inr vain tried to subdue the nuisance, , ivhich was only abated when the bodies were interred. Though, lie must have been a sufferer, still the strong arm. of the law has taken up tlic matter, and on Satur day he was committed for trial under the law we- referred tod Poor Kirby. He found this truly a precarious. " undertaking." Ahem! parlor and kitchen. It is an old saying that human nature is-the same- iu the drawing room as it is in the kitchen. The- other day at a meeting of the Benevolent Asylum one of the directors related an instance of tlie un pleasantness. to which some of the Ladies' Com mittee have submitted when they had to deal with: bad 'uns. It appeared that a person was being ex amined by the Ladies' Committee, she (the person in question), being a candidate for the lying-in de partment. One of the ladies ventured to remark, upon the suggestion of questionable morality; which the condition of the applicant involved, when the- interesting lady at once retored, " Oh, it's all very- well for you and your set to talk : you'd do the- same yourselves, if you had the chance, to- mor row." Horror !. If, 111 proportion to size, a man could hollar a& loud as a baby, there would be no telephones needed in this country. Someone has ascertained that the man who finds, a portnionnaie with cash in it dosen't look, in a paper for three weeks. Persons- writing love poems will please make a note that "stupid"' is the only word in the English- . language which rhymes with "Cupid." James Graves, a diamond dealer, had evidently much confidence in the power ef soap to carry- diamonds- secretly into New York. When he arrived there from England a few weeks ago Special Agent Braekett knew he was coining and cut open a cake of toilet soap- that was in Graves's baggage The soap was a veritable jewel casket, filled with cut aud uncut diamonds. Graves, has been com mitted for trial. The latest despatches state that the rent agitation is coming rapidly to the front in England as a. grave issue. Agriculturists are making a strong demand for the general reduction of farm rents. The Cobden Club recognises the danger of the agitation, and is working hard to meet it. The club recently printed 1,000,000 leaflets and pamphlets on the subject of free-trade. Vienna ancl several other districts of Austria have; been visited by a terrific hurricane, which exceeded in violence all recorded meteorological outbursts, with, perhaps, one exception. Roofs were blown off in all directions, and in some cases, the walls of the houses also fell in. Tile3, chimneys, and window panes flew about in every direction. Omnibuses, vans, and railway carriages were blown, over. At certain corners the wind was' so' high that all who attempted to pass, were thrown to the ground. Several men were dashed against the walls aud lamp-posts, and had.legs and arms broken. Two streets in the city were entirely closed to. traffic, many of the roofs of the houses which were iu a unsound condition, having been blown away. About a hundred Christinas stalls wore torn to. pieces, and the owners, in trying to rescue their wears, risked their life and limb. Iu several streets the wind broke the plate-glass windows of the shops, scattering the goods in every direction. Heavy planks, partsof roofs and lamps were carried, almost a 1 n'am 1 1 i 1 i 1 1 g 