-DAd£ and courts. George Augustus Sala will arrive' iu Adelaide abuut ihe end of this inoutb. The Naval brigade to be iucreased to 150. Graiuger beatou by tilyde for tbe Stu.t by a majority ol 14 nines. The vvalballa brothers circus played at Mouut Barker ou Saturday evening. Parliament was re-opened iu Ta mania on 1 Ucaday Australian wheat is selling at 4s 31 per bushel. A picnic to be held at Woodcbester on triday July 31st. A cabinet council was beld in Adelaide on Sunday. Over 2,000 dogs registered in Adelaide last week. The Adelaides defeated the Norwoods on Saturday last for a second time. The Gooiwa footbalieis defeated the Port Elliots ou Saturday. Miller of the South Adelaide football club had bis leg broken on Saturday. Two race meetings were held yesterday The S, A , Coursing club fixed the Mount Pleasant meeting for Tuesday August 4th. Hon, & D, Gly-te was sworn ia ou Tuesday as a member of the House of Assembly for tb.e district of Sturt. Stewart who beat Hopkins to death in Viotoria some time ago has been sent to gaol for six mouths. The Kussiau Government now lay claim to a positiou commanding the Kulficar Pass, alleging that the shortest way between a Kubat and Luliatiiro Pakas is through the ZJulCear Pass. A man named Thomas Rowland has been committed lor trial for the murder of John Water near Cootamundra. . The football results in Melbourne ou Saturday last were — The Carltons defeated I Geelongs by 7 j?oals to 2 ; the Melbournes defeated tbe Essendons by 3 goals to 2 ; and the South Melbournes beat Fitzroy by 9 goals to. nil. . ? An old man named Sawtell living near' Millicent committed suicide by hanging himself on Saturday last. . The winners of tee races at Quorn on Friday last were— The Flying Handicap, Shy lock; Handicap Hurdles, Brigand ; Quorn Handicap, Sandal I, Shylock 2, The Lawn 3 ; Selling Race, Shyltck; Ladies Purse, The Laws ; and tbe Seliiug Hack Race fell to Orator. The Waterloo Cup meeting was concluded on Friday las', and the ..Cup was won by Rhodanthe; the Purse fell to Chime, and the Plate was won by Bed Hind. . ' ' It is not the intention of the Government to intefrre with tbe Totilazitor' Repeal; Act. Leave of absence was granted last week for one month to the fion.J C. Bray. ? A young woman named Henrietta Pass field committed suicide at Mount Gambier by cutting her threat with a pair of scissors A telegraph station wanted at Bro ugh ton. All the unbranded horses and cattle run ning in the Nulpena Run were sold last week for £5 5. The number of birtliB aad deaths during the week ending Saturday July 12th, was births, 165 and deaths 64. Excess of births «21 A football match ayjderVthe Rugby rules was played on Thursday last in Melbourne between teams representing Victoria and NewISouth Wales ; the former won byj4 goals to nil, ..-, . . - r..:. ? ? ? .The South Australian- horse -1- Agent won the Grand National Hu-dles at Flemington on Saturday \ttai/J' Glyde elected f r- Sturt by aHnaajority of fourteen -votes. ??????-? The football results in Adel-ude on Satur day list were the Adelaides defeated ,the Norwoods by 4goils 10 behiuis, to 1 goal 20 w^u.uu.^, nuu nic luufc HUU CUUbU CLIlOIlttUCS met and resulted, in a draw in favor of- the Ports by 2 goals 15 behinds to 2 goals 8 bt hinds. The following ore the wianerB of the V. R. C. Gran I National. Meeting held v Flemington on Saturday last:— Maiden Hurdles Hippogriff- Maiden Steeplechase Reticeat { Grand National Hurdles The Agent; Grand National Steeplechase Wymlet ; Selling Hardies Student ; and ih Flat Race fell to Ghost;: ' 8ergeant Bache of the Gladstone Rifli Company made 100 pointB out of 105 at three ranges 400, 500 600 yards. A third mail a week from Terowie to ^??vcritju vrsuicu oy tne resiaents ot tne latter place. ; A patent in the Adelaide Hospital named Pitt attempted to commit suicide by stabbing himself with a carving knife on Monday. li is probable that an English football team will visit Australia and New Zealand next year. The Walhalla Brothers circus played here on Thursday and Friday nights last. A man named Schuuman took a step too many off the s.s. Pemptos and fell iuto'the water at the Semaphore on Saturday night. The Hon. McFraser Colonial Secretary of Western Australia is to represent that colony as Commissioner at tbe Indian and Colonial Exhibition. A farewell social was given to Mr. G. D. Nosworthy, who is leaving this district, by the Good Templars on ^Tuesday evening la*t. The number of passengers arrived at Port Adelaide by sea during the week ending Saturday July 18 was 142, and the number left by similar means was 289. Loss to the colony of 147.. Out of the 1,000 tons of flour ordered from Messrs. Dunn & Co. by the French Govern ment ; 700 tons will be sent from Port Augusta. . . A woman was charged at Port Augusta for disturbing the Salvation Army meeting last week ; the case was dismissed owing to the captain not wishing to press the charge. *'fl . Cholera is agai i spreading rapidly in Spain, on Monday 1,900 cases- were reported, i\f tnhinh Qrtfl nvnwaJ a~r. »A I Thos. Millidge, John Alcock, A'ias Caney, George Fortune and Thos. M.jMilu'i were charged with robbing the National Bank on .Simpson's Rond Vic-oria, on Tuesday last, all prisoners were found guilty, and the first three were sentenced to six years impi isonment, and the last named who did not actually take part in th- robbery was sentenced to one year's imprisonment. The A^ent General for *Mew South Wales is conducting negotations with the Imperial Government with the obj ;ct of procuring a vessel to act as a training ship. Two drapers' shops and a grocery store were destroyed by fire at Carlton, Victoria on Tuesday. The damage done amounted to £3 500, which is all covered by insurance. The Local Loans Bill, which ' enables the Givernment to lend money to Cirporations and District Councils at low rate of interest kas passed its second reading in the Assembly. The measure is a most useful one. considerable - attention in the House. 'The Deba'e on tbe second reading is being pro ceeded with. ... The: Largs Bay Railway Service will be discontinued after the SOth of this month, unless some satisfactory arrangement is made with the Government by the company before then. The residents *f Hahndorf intend to beautify their township by plauting orna mental trees on each side of the main street. Why should not Strafbalbyn fallow this example — more trees in our streets would greatly improve oor town. We hear that Mr. George Sissons' well known entire horse Pride of the South has changed hands at ft satisfactory figure, Mr. G. Maidment of Hindmarsh Island beii g the purchaser. 