Ladies' Column. 'John Bull's Daughters-' A New Book by tub Acteob of * Johb Bull abb His Island.' (From the Argonaut.) J.he remarkable success attained in England as well as in Franca by i John. Boll est son Be* has encouraged Mr. Max O'Bell to work the lucky vein a little further, and he discusses another and peculiarly interesting aspect of the same theme in • Les Filles de John Bull.1 Mr. Max O'Bell contends that the Frenchwoman is more graceful and piquant than the English* woman, but he admits that she is less healthy and less fresh-looking. * Her eyes are more vivacious, her mouth much prettier, and her figure much more ele gant ; but her skin is less white and of a much coarser grain. Walking and bathing—that is the secret of Englishwomen's health and beauty. They are not afraid of shower-baths or of draughts of air. They sleep with the window open, and, on rising, drench them selves with cold water. In winter time the most timid will dip a apsngo into water, wring it out, and rub themselves from head to foot, to stir the circulation of the blood, until their , skin cries mercy. With the appetite thus whetted they come down to the breakfast-room fresh and vigorous, and make a substantial meal of eggs and cold beef, and then go out into the open air to walk or play lawn-tennis.' Subsequently the physical attractions of John Bull's daughters are subjected to a more detailed analysis. The author reiterates that 'an Englishwoman's skin is usually fine grained, deliriously white, and velvety; it reminds you of alabaster, satin; her neck is liko a swan's. Tho hips and shouldew are | frejuently too narrow, and, unluckily, the j bosom is too often an imponderable quan tity in tho enumeration of on Englishwoman's beauties.' Of the marked difference between French women and English women in respect to gait and bearing, Mr. Max O'Bell says:— 4 The English woman walks with her arms dropped, and bears her weight upon her heels; tho French woman walks with ner arms bent, and bears her weight upon her toes: tis more graceful, but lem convenient. In my last lourucj? to Paris I noted with pleasure that the high, pointed heel, thrust under tho middle of the solo, was beginning to give place to the English hoel; 'tis a decided sign of progress.* There is another thing in which the writer thinks his countrywomen might copy to ad vantage their English neighbours: •The English women dross their hair with much simplicity, even for balls. 1 admire that. Their liair, a little tumbled on tho crown of the head and knotted in thick ooils bcliind tho neck, pleases mo for more than those complicated monuments fastened up with ms^tho products of tho wild imagination of Muster Isodore or some other modish capillary artist P Then we are recalled to the main theme, and reminded that • all the luxury of an English woman's toilet Is reserved for the evening, for balls, for dinners, or for tho theatre, InXon don,a play-house auditorium offers a far mord brilliant spectacle than an analogous place in Paris. 'Tis an extremely pretty sight, all those boxes and orchestra* stalls filled with elegant toilets; to my eves, indeed—if I except the opera and two or three other theatres, the Lyceum, the Haymarket, and St. James's—it is the most interesting feature of a London play-house to a Frenchman, even though he be familiar with the language. Evening dress is not optional, hut rigidly compulsory; unless you have seats in the third or fourth gallery, the female ushers, before letting the ladies who are with you pass into the auditorium, make them withdraw to a dressing- room to remove their bonnets.1 Mr. Max O'Rell, like Hawthorne, is con founded at the quantity of nourishment that English women require, or which, at all events, they manage to consume. He lays before the reader a minute account, from an article in the * National Review* by Lady John Manners, of the copious and numerous repasts enjoyed by the daughters of John Bull. The article was re-produced in the Argonaut a short time ago. These reflections lead the writer to descant at length upon the small attractions possessed by middle aged women in England. 'The fact is,' he says, 'that in the fashion able drive of Hyde Park, you see hut few pretty women. If you except the fair and rosy children, who are delicious, you will hardly see in the carriages any but peevish, stolid faces, that cast at yon a and almost stony glance. They are the faces of boa- constrictors absorbed in the functions of i digestion." For the feminine beauty in which the English stock is so rich, you must, we are told, go else where. i Would you regale your eyes with pretty faces, rosy, tempting, and fresh as dairies; would you watch fhpm file past you by hun dreds, go saunter down Regent street, Oxford street, .New Bond street, Piccadilly, between nine and ten in the morning. There you will see the prettiest thing that John Bull ran offer you in the way of national products. The finest specimens of English women are the shop-girls in the large silk goods, dressmaking, and millinery establishments. The great Eng lish tradesmen, who are intelligent fellows, will only give employment in their shops to young, pretty, well-made, and well-mannered women; and the sight of these of independent, reputable, and even distinguished-looking girls hieing at morn by thousands to their occupa. tions, is one of the most pleasing and edifying spectacles of the immense metropolis.' From the shop-girl the transition is easy to the British barmaid. "The fashionable shops are not the only places where the handsomest feminine article of English manufacture is ou view. The bar rooms and restaurants are full of and the finest samples too. Messrs. Spiers Pond, the famous restaurant-keepers, have legions at their call. The superb daughters of Albion emerge, it is true, from an inferior social stratum, hut they hare good manners, and, for the most part, are supremely handsome. Their virtue is not so savage that they cannot bear the eye of man, or permit as well, now and then, to indnlge in the ghost of a flirtation, as she hands him his glass of beer or grog; but women who will submit to work, standing on their feet from ten in the morning until mid night for thirty shillings a week, ore incontro vertiblv respectable. A modest income, in the case of a woman young and handsome, is a certificate of virtue.' Tho French edition was translated into Eng lish immediately upon it* arrival in New York:. The work was done by Doctor F. C. Valentine, famous as the lightning translator of ' Sarah Bernhardt.' In a private note to one of the Argonaut editors, he says: ^ I send you a copy of my translation of "Les Filles de John Bull," fresh from the press. It may be of interest to you. to know that the French copy was handed me by the publisher at 7 p.m. on Thursday, October 30th, and that I sent the entire manuscript to press at 11 p.m. on the 31st—twenty-nine hours con secutive work to two stenographers. The mat ter was set up in two and a half hours, cor rected and revised by me in eight hours there after, and I can now barely keep my eyes open." A csBTACt witness, in an action for assault and battery,'* mixed things up considerably in giving his account of the affair. After relating how Dennis came to hi™ and struck hi™, ho proceeded: ' So, yer honour, X just hauled off and wiped his jaw. Just then his dog came along, and I hit him again.' 'Hit the dog' ' No, yer honour, hit Dennis. And then I up wid a'stun and ihrowed it at him, and it rolled hiru over and over,' ' Throwastone at Dennis;' ' At the dog, yer honour; and he got up and hit me again.' • The dogr' 'No, Dennis. And wid that he stuck his tail betwixt his legs and run off/ 4 Dennis ?' 1 No, the dog. And when he came back at me, he got mc down and pounded me, yer honour.' 'The dog came back at you? ' 'No, Dennis, vec honour; and be isn't hurt any at all/ ' Vtha isn't hurt:' ' The dog, yer honour/ When Lord Chesterfield was in administra tion, he proposed a person to his late Majesty I as proper to fill a plaoe of great trust, but which tho King was determined should be filled by another. The Counoil, however, re solved not to indulge t he King, for fear of dangerous precedent. It was Lord Chester field's business to present the grant of the ofijee for the King's signature. Not to incense His. Majesty abruptly, he, with accents of great humility, begged to know with whose name His. Majesty would bo pleased to have tho blanks filled up: 'With the devil's,' replied the King, in a paroxysm of rage, ' And shall the instrument,' said the Earl coolly, 'run as usual, ' Our trusty, well-bcdovcd "cousin and counsellor:' a repartee at which the King laughed heartily, and with good humour signed the grant. Art Irishman s»ys he can see no earthly reason why women should not be allowed- to become medieal men. 