LOCAL & GENERAL'. NEWS. YASS COURT OF PETTY SESSIONS. Friday. October 16. Before Mr. M. Tartakover. -Drunkenness, &c.; — Henry Brown was Charged, with drunkenness and indecent ex posure. Constable Gess proved the offences, and a' fine of 20s., or forty-eight hours, was the re- sult. ' ACTION TO RECOVER ADVANCES MADE ON GROWING CROP. BEFORE his Honor Supreme Court Judge Windeyer and a jury ot four— Messrs. P. Julian, N. R. Besnard, O. Poplin, and J. W. Gray -in the Yass Courthouse, on Thursday last. barber v. stephen (official assignee). Mr. Ralston, instructed by Mr. J. Davidson, of Goulburp, appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Field, instructed by Mr. VV. F. Wilkinson, for the defendant. .-This was an action brought by Ernest Henry Barber, a miller in Cooma-street, Yass, against E. W. Stephen, official assignee in the insolvent estate of Henry James, to recover the sum of £49 19s., the amount of advances (with interest accrued thereon) made to one Michael Whalen upon a' growing crop on a farm at Hard's Fiat, about nine miles from Yass. It appears that in June: of last year Henry James, a married man, was- in needy circumstances, and -that'his wife owned, a farm at Hard's Flat. Michael - Whalen was a farm labourer in the employ of James, and had. been for some time previously.- James not being a position to put in a crop on the farm, Ellen James, his wife, with her husband's subse- fqent permission, gave Whalen leave to do so. ome little time afterwards (early in July), Whalen.saw the plaintiff, who advanced him seed oats to the value of £30, and who, as security, obtained a lien over the crop that was to be sown upon the farm above referred to. Whalen sub sequently received from plaintiff a cash advance of £5 arid jgoods (especially flour, and bran for horses) to the value of £5, and again £7 8s. 6d. sterling, the lien covering the whole of the advances, upon which plaintiff charged £2 tos. 6d. as interest, making a total of £49 19s., the full amount of his claim. Whalen ploughed the land and sowed the crop, with the assistance of ames, who (according to Ellen James' testimony) received' a weekly wage of £1 from Whalen for his labour. About two weeks after the first advance was made, and three days before the lien was registered, Henry James' estate was sequestrated, Selwyn Pembrooke acting as agent for the official assignee in the matter of attaching assets, etc. Plaintiff, hearing that the crop over which he. had the lien was attached to James' estate, called upon Pembrooke and stated his claim, which the latter considered a just one ; and plaintiff afterwards was assured by Pem brooke that the official assignee also held his to be a just one. However, although plaintiff's > claim was admitted, Pembrooke (still acting for the defendant) afterwards dealt with the crop, .which had been converted into 'hay, and lltimately sold the hay (20 tons or more) to 'i Robert Davis — plaintiff then being told that he aas not recognised in the transaction, and that lis lien was not considered. Plaintiff thereupon issued a writ against the official assignee ot the recovery of the amount of his lien. Mr. Field applied for a nonsuit on the grounds that, in accordance with the provisions of the Liens on Crops Act, Whalen was not the bona fide holder of the farm, and the lien was invalid inasmuch as the crop was not " a growing crop " at the time the lien was given. His Honor refused the application. Mr. Field then proceeded to show that Whalen was never in possession of the farm, that there had been collusion between James and Whalen with a view to defraud James' creditors, and that James had also obtained goods from Coen (a storekeeper) on the strength of his having a growing crop on the farm in question ; but his Honor refused to entertain the evidence, deeming it irrevelent to the case. His Honor, in putting the facts to the jury, said I that the Liens on Crops Act of 1862 enacted that the person who made an advance -to a farmer upon a growing crop, or upon a crop that was to come off land in the possession of that; farmer, was to all intents and purposes considered to be I in possession of such crop. The Act was_ in- I tended to give the same advantages to agricul- I turists as were allowed to pastoralists, who could I obtain advances on their wool on the sheep's I back. Plaintift had to prove that he made the I advance bona fide , arid to a person holding land. I It was not necessary tor such person to have a I particular tenure) of the land, or a lease for a I number of years ; he must simply be in possession I of the land at the time he gave a lien over his I crop. What the jury had to consider was, shortly, I whether the transaction between plaintiff and I Whalen was bona fide , and also if Whalen was the holder of the farm. The jury, after a short retirement, returned a verdict for the plaintiff in the amount claimed. CANDIDATES ON THE "WARPATH." We received the following telegram from Gun ning early on Saturday morning " Mr. Heydon addressed a iarge and favourable audience here last night— Mr. Saxby presiding. He spoke for upwards of two hours on the .Land Act, Protec tion, Payment of Members, Local Option, and on various other topics of political interest. Mr. Heydon's views were - received with much ap plause, about one hundred and fifty electors being present. A vote of confidence, proposed | by Mr. N. T. Collins, and seconded by Mr. W. Grovenor, was carried with but one dissentient." We learn by post that Mr. Heydon was well I received at Dalton, and the show of hands at the I close of his address was recorded in his favour. At Gundaroo, Elizabethfields, and Murrumbate man, Mr. Heydon's meetings were large and enthusiastic, and much in that candidate's favour. I A correspondent writes that " if the general re ceptions given and the enthusiasm shown by the electors are any indication of the result, Mr. Heydon's opponent cannot have a ' ghost of a show.' " The following record of Mr. Colonna-Close's visits to the different polling-places in tne elec torate has been kindly forwarded to us for publi cation : — At Dalten, on Wednesday last, Mr. Colonna- Close addressed a meeting of over sixty electors at the Dalton Hotel, Mr. T. Starr occupying the chair. That candidate clearly enunciated his views on the various topics of interest, and was well received. " That Mr. Colonna- Close is a fit and proper person to represent Yass Plains in the next Parliament," was carried on the motion of Mr. R. Dowling. seconded by Mr. S. Brown. At ,the Temperance Hall, Gunning, on Wed nesday evening, at 7-3-> Mr. Close addressed over 150 electors — Mr. H. Saxby, J.P., presiding. The addiess lasted an hour and a half, and touched upon the qeestions of the day. Only one hand was held up against the usual vote of confidence— proposed by Mr. Collins; seconded by Mr. T. Wheatley. Booth's farm was visited on Thursday at noon, and Elizabethfields at 4 p.m. At the latter place a large number of electors awaited the arrival of Mr. Close, whose political views gave general satisfaction. Here also a vote of confidence in his candidature was carried. At Murrumbateman, at 8 p.m. on Thursday, over fifty electors were present at a meeting pre sided over by Mr. A. W. Thomson, of Yass, Mr. Close was heartily received, and spoke for nearly two hours. A vote of confidence was carried by a large majority. . . Waroo and Manton's Creek were visited on Friday, and the electors who were conversationally spoken to endorsed the views expounded by Mr. Close. 