THE SECOND TIME OF ASKING. (coNTrNUD. I "No, no; never again I" she aiswors, with a now passion drawing in her beaonutiful eyes. "I will never be cold or proud to you again." " Then we must never be together, Polly; for unless you remind me constantly of the distance between us, I cannot-cannot bear your presence." " What distance? Why not ?" she asks with one soft hand on his sleeve. "Why not? Because I love you I Be cause I cannot see you day after day, know. ing that you may never-- . He stops abruptly, from shoor want of power to control himself, and pushes her gentle fingers from his sleeve, unablo to bear the touch of a hand which is so dear to him, and which lie can never possess. " Mr. Lancaster, I do believe you are thinking of your accident 1" IHo makes a silent gesture of assent. " Do you think that would make any difference to me ?" " It will to me, Polly. I will ask no woman on earth to marry a cripple such as I am." She bonds her bright heand low, while she aslis :- " Not even if there was some one who loved you, and who could never love any one also ?" His heart boats fiast, his brain whirls; but amid the fierco temptation hoe keeps a firm hold of his resolution. " No, Polly." " 3Mr. Lancastor, that is altogether wrong. It is hard upon yourself, and - perhiaps- ulpon another." " I can't help it," he returns, obstinately, "Lewis, perhaps 1 have said more than I ought already; but, Lewis, I love you I No one can make inc happy but you I " There is a breathless silence in the room after thiat passionate declaration. Polly's head has dropped lower than before, and her hands are covering her face. Lanaoster wonders vaguely whether sheo can hear the mad throbs of his heart ; whether she lihas any idea at all of the temptation sho had placed before him, of the terrible strength required to resist it. But lie does resist it. liHe puts it absolutely from him. " No, Polly; 1 won't marry you. You may think me very cruel and ungratefnl in throwing back your dear love upon your self, but there will come a time when you will thank me in your heart that I did not take advantage of your sweooetness. Don't say any more. You don't know what pain you give me. Lot this be the and of it." 1He loans back in his chair, utterly ox. haustod by the strong emotions that have shaken him during the last half-hour, aund she rises slowly and goes from the room, with liher face still hidden-crying. - Lancastor covers his eyes, not daring to look it her, lost he should call her back; and so lie puts his happiness away from him. The day wears on wearily; never has Laneastor. spont such a wretched one. lelo is consumed by an agony of longing, of regret, of love, till hlie is utterly worn out anld quite unablo to go in to tonea, but stays in the drawing-room, lying on the sofa, and thinkinig the most sorrowful thought thit had over possessed his heart, After tonea Mrs. Yorko and Patience canmoe to sit with him ; but he startles them both by turning his face to the wall, and begging them passionately to leave him alone, or he shall go out of his mind. Mrs. Yorko, always rather timid and retiring, would simply obey his wishes, and go away; but Patienco only approachoes nearer, to lay a cool, oriticil hand on 'lir invalid's weary hioad, burning with the fever of strife. " )o-you feel.worso, Mr. Lancaster ? Is your log very painful to-night ?" She waits a minute ; but, gaining no answer, slihe continuos, with unusual sym. pathy in her manttor-of-faot tonoes: " Toll me if there is anything you want. There is nothing we will not do for you." " Nothing-only to die !!' -o e presses heri oool'hanid against his forehead as long as his failing strength, will permit, " My Pollyl" he murmurs, half iunoobsoiously. HI sees as in a dream M-rs. Yorkle's startled faco ; lo hears the opening of' the door, and -her frightoned voice calling for aid, and then it all fades away, and ho is dead-or thinks he is; and death must be swoot, indeed, if it: be like this blank, un knowing rest. B3ut all too soon lihe wakes to the weary world again, and finds the maid supporting his heand, and Patienoe bathing his ,temples with some aromatic vieiogar, while Mrs. Yorkeo hafoe his hands. "Takeo it away," he says, in feooble dis gust, and lPatience obediently ceaose' herr sponging, and putslo glass of wine to his lips . "Yo.u aro,betteor now, You ivWill soon be ,yotrself again." "Yos, I suppose so,'! ha says, rogretfully, If hle oould but have died thou, he thinks, what a w;eight of tIrouble would have been taken off, ovoerybodyv's shoulders-h?is own' included - Bht lie struggles back to lifoe again,'in spite of himself, and is soon much the same as le was before his long: faiuting fit. "Now you are beitter, have a nap," says Pationce. '"Mother is going to sit with y?ou a litleo ~vhile, and I am going to see .after something for your supper. ,.She whisls out of the ioom in her onef gotie wa y before the languid wordeds of thanks acro on his lips, and goes straight to Sthe kitcheon, whoro she finuds Polly istalidi'ig p:ale and thoughtful over thje'fire.:': ":: " he~ie's Jane ? " she inquires. "I sntd lier just now to--" , .She has liad 'to go ip: to' the baker's. TiTby havo not sent the flour.'" ::T..''L'li'oa I must just got this lchicken ready to pilt down,i or it will never be done in time S:for Mr; Lancastor's slipper." " H' :Iow;is he ?" " Oli,' better again now I "-tying 'ogf is :ig white aphron as she speakls. "-But :. Sthink il':isni't his log half the time; he's' t'hinkliu ngabout something, - that's my : he ': h akes a cFhlieerful rustle a she min6ves ,:about elie bright itchen ; buit her face does ioit elook cheoorful, and whoen she spanks i:'l:ehaifoects an ofihaid enso whioch she is ;'ery fir from feeling. ' .Nothuing is farther from hlier intention than to prosess Lnistlor's causoe',with her sister again ; aud long as shis lives slie will Cememiber Gavin Hamilton's beaptifii"dead face as she last saw it-looked in icy slum. bor; nor will she forgot that her reproaches embittered Polly's last hour with him. Yet, on the other hand, she can still see the look on Lancaster's face as he swooned away; she can still hear his despairing, half-unconscious words: " Oh, Polly " Her heart is torn between the two; Jane looks at Polly, and notes the pallor on her face, the dejection of her attitude. " Child, you look like a ghost f" "I am quite well, Patience." A long silence, " Do they give any hopes of Mrs. iHamil ton ?" Patience inquires presently, starting another subject and flouring the chickeon briskly. "None. Dr. Lockinn says it is only a question of days." " Poor thing, poor thing I It has been a sorrowful world for her since that day," re sponded the other. " He was the only son of his mother, and she was a widow," quotes Polly. " Iie was a good lad," Patience returns, with a lump in her throat. " Patience," continues the girl, "I some times think your grieve more for Gavin than I do." " How can that be, child ? lie was your sweetheart, wasn't he ?" "No," says Polly, slowly. "Perhaps I was his, but he was not mine." Miss Yorke looks in undisguised amaze: mont as her sister. " Sometimes I have thought you grieved, Patience, for having once wished to separate us. If it will do you good, if it will comfort dear, you lot me toll you that I did not love him in that way-though perhaps I fancied I did for a little while. But I know that I never did-I have known it for some time." "It woiuld take a weight off my mind if I could be sure of what you say," replies Pationceo, sitting down on one of the wooden chairs, and putting her apron to lher eyes. She is like many another hard-headed, sharp.tongued woman, sweet at the core, and not by any meoans so strong-minded as she chose to appear. Polly kneels down beside her. "Dear Patience, you may be sure." " He cared for you, child," says Patience, between half-smothered sobs. " Yes ; and lhe always believed I cared for him, I believed so, too, at first, and afterwards I had not the heart to undeceive him. I see now it was all for the best. Dear Patience, don't lot thistrouble you any more." She pulls her sister's head down to her, and kisses her toer.stained cheek. " And wvhat mado you change your mind About him, Polly ? I'm sure, he was- a' likely lad enough. There were plenty envied you your sweotheart." "I never cared for him atall, Patience, exeoopt as I might for a dear brother. But, afterwards when Mfr. Lancaster lay dying; as we thought, I know thlinfor whom I cared." "Child! " Pationce Yorkeo looks down upon her lap, in which her sister's face is hidden, in titter astonishment. S"13tib you refused him on the very day lie was hurt," she objects, when she can find speech. "Yes'. It" was" not till' we' thonuht ~vwe should loso him that, I .fouud out the truth, though I think I must liave cared all the time. Now that you know this, Patience, don't reproach mo," "I am' not going to do. so. But hie cares for you as much as ever, olil.d ,Your name was the last word he spoke, before lihe fainted." " I:know he dons;?'. ::.: " Then it' will :bo all right now, won't it ?' Polly raises her face, and looks at her sister with' miserable blue eyes . " No. You don't know all yet Patience. He'told me again that hoe loved me this very afternoon, but that he would: nevecr'marry mc, ior aiiy one else, beoiause he was a cripplo. And I, Pationoo-I wanted him to marry .Me, :and I beogged 'him,' "and he woulldni't.". . She buries her fice in tlie 'other's lapin a' perfecot agony of shame, and theire is silence for ia time, broken only by.the merry ;chirp of a cricket on the glowing hearth and .the brisk orackle of the fire, while the hands of the clock creep slowly onwards, and the half-floured chicken lies forgotten on the table. In Patienee's matter-of-fact and vigorous mind a resolution is :already formed.; but, whatever it is, she keeps it entirely to her self. The, momont Jano returns she gives the obhicken into her charge and proceeods to the drawing-room, fully pirparod to turn her mother out, if such action be neces, sary: But Mrs. Yorkeo has left thie 'roimi, and Lancaster is alone, lying withtroubled eyes fixed on the chandolier. "Yoii've not booi to sloopi"" aroldi ira st words." A nap would have doneouy0i a world of good. "I couldn'ti Mliss Yorkor." :' ''-': SShe takes a seat beside him, noticing the while :the brightness of hiis eyes sand the shahing'of hishand. "'All this 'xoitmeont will send hi?n a long way back,'' sho says to harself. Thuen it occurs to her, for the first time that she has come on a very difficult and delicate errand, and, for the first time also,: she feeools that her blunt spooch may scarcely be aqual to thle occasion. "'F Well, I can't make matters worse than theoy are now I " is the consolation 'she offers to herself, She plunges bravely into the subjoect. "I have come hoeoe to speakl seriously to you, MrLancalster, I lhopo I shall nto giVeoffence'' I iftend none." "I am' qiiite sure you will not, dMi?'.: SHis14yes nird upon h nlij ow, nid she fiiids speeolf' more difllioult than over. '? AVhy vill' yout let a ':little false prid6 stnid' in' the' way of' you haaplineidi, liff Lancaster ?!' she buists forth at last,, aftor cousidbrfig in vainilfof some minutes;. .IHeo looks, at her, sluprsod, and scarealy uiidcrstandiug,. " Do you: thinik miiy sisteir would not marry you as williglynow asif no acoidout had happened~to you ?",': ' " I would not ask heid now"O;': : , .:. ; S"BUt 'you know she cares fto you as yoiu do for her.': " It' ?si too late ut four mnOlths too 1[ ¢ ! tt. "She has told you then'?" he says; after a pause. "She has told ma something, I aw she was in great trouble, and could riot help trying to discover the cause." "I am a cripple now," he reiterates, bitterly. " She cares for you none the less. Are you going to refuse her love ?" " Ought I not to do so ?" "You ought not to stand in the way of. your mutual happiness. I should hesitate before saying this to you, Mr. Lancaster, a man of wealth, were it not that We are now in a very different position, tlirough the death of a relative, and entirely indepondent of any such consideration." " I bog to exonerate myseolf from any such; unWorthy thoughts of you, and to offer my congratulations." "'Thanks. I must leave you ow.' :Shall I send my mother to sit with you ? " He does not answer, but looks atrher with miserable, despairing eyes, Has she taken his decision as final thenu?' "Oh,b for ono little minuit in which to think itover'again I " Would you rather be,alone, or would you like to go to your room ? " " No, no " he gasps. " Well, than ? " she says, coming back to his side with an oncouraging smile. . " Send Polly I " he says, at last; and his fate is sealed-his blessed fate, ' In a very few minutes Polly is' kfoeing by his side, and there are. smiles now, as well as tears, on her sweet face. "You didn't think me a brute this after. noon, Polly ? " lie says' after a' lengthened period. "Yes, I did," she answers, laughing shamefacedly; " a groeat, terrible brute I " " I did what I thought best for you, Polly. It was not of myself I was thinking, or I-. Aro you'sure you will n'ever tire of your poor halting husband, Polly ? " "Never I" " Never be ashamed to walk beside himi when lie goes limping down the street on his wooden log ?" "Loewis, liow can you think such tliings of me ? I love you only the more for that. How could you give me. up for such a'i reason ?" "I would not now-now that I hiave tasted the svweeos of possession.' i After another long pauseo " So you are not going to lot me have the ploasuio of helping your family, Polly ?" "Has Pationceo told you of Uicle John: Laing's death ?" "Yes --auds with as, much pride 'a• you yourself could havp convoyed the intolli. geonce," he answers, smiling at the remem branco. , . " Am I proud, Lewis ?'" " Horribly," - " Not to you ?" - "Particularly to me. Have I not suffered moreo, than any one else from it' ? "I Have you not made me suffer from yours this very day, Lewis ?" " We must cry quits then, and 'never do it again,' as the children say.- But: you were ' a sly little girl,' Polly, to eeoop me' in the dark about your good fortune..'. "I forgot you did not eknow, or ,I would never have said.what I did to you." " You aro'eIry unkind to'me,.Polly. You have been 'all..along.!' ..:...,"..,:' .:.; " I am afraid I have," she', answers, stricken with sudden oomphncetion'' 'at the sight of'his injihred look. ' "" "Indeed you have, Polly, . and I.a poor inuvalid l You will lhave to, make up for it flow." ', " " So I will" 'shei esys., , "Begin at onoe; then, if you please,. How ?' Ole, 'you' know l It?;a souie .timine before Lancaster speaks again, and, when he does, it is on a :`new: subject. " Polly;.I:fa?oiod' onice, iiow anidthlon, that ybu and young Hamilton. were? more than friindly". " You iaroe not the only 'one vwho! j h'ough~ so, she answers. " Was he, your lover.? , ' :i " I stipose he was.'. " Were you in love with him 2. "No" If over "I.tliouight i ias, I 'diid not think it iny more, after t ".After what ?" After I lhad seen you 1i "My own sweet wife I Well, Polly, I suppose you are going to be' married: now? " says .Patience;' one morning in th: following wveelCsvhen the sisters happen ia to be alono. : Polly is standing idly ,looking out'dof the window, expecting "Lancaster to iappeaor overy momen' and' take her for on:e of. their, walks,. which, so, far, have been;lii short on account of his woiakness ;a but :e o'gets a; little farther every day; 'cid Dr:'L'eeklinu dedlaire' liiue ?iitiont's oonstitutioi"':t '.be: splend(id Mliss Yorke sits at the.tibleo, loolkinug over? a bisket of iumendeod stockings';' ;:, ":, "I supp'ose so,";' answers Pblly,i heitat-: AndI'Ileavoe mdo up my miq d to follow, your examipleY.'' ' ? , " You, 'Patience 2 " me,· ibo" replies eliss Yorke, witha cool disregard alike of gramiar and o:f heer sister's amassement. , ' As I'mi eight.'nid' twenty thlis. icd0ithe, I suppose you tliought me a settled-down old maid ?' ." ... " But who--what--whoever--""- ' "It's Petor Grey," announces Patience, with slight embarrassment, :. ' " Potor. Grey I:"' A light breaks in upon Polly, and sho stands staring at her sister's. nimble fingers ?t their work, while a host of new ideas seem to orowd in upon her all at once. "Had"ir6 that boy does wear out his things to' be suo I " continues Patience holding up a torn sock for Polly's inspection. "Patience, I do believo yon have beenu in lvo:e with' eanl other all these years, and could not marry for wat of money." V Well, no, child,'not oxactly that. You sooe, one 0;tlhing or' another has 'kept their ibusindussbriock for many a year, and as I lad notlingto0 briig him, I thought it was best to Itoote;p awar3. Besidosi hneither mother nor you understood economy, and I guessed yon would Inover make the two ends meeoot; but enov you can spond what you like, and I noed not go empty.handoed." F,!Patioeoo, I lhad no idea how good and genoerous you were until this minuto." I !m notl, child : Didn't I waah" to sanorife youoa for 'monoy ? ,-I.don't forget ;t · ·t; ·...· . . , ! ; i Iol- · i"If. you' did, it was for mother and George's good, and for my own, too. But you stayed ,to take care of us I 'You are the--- " Child, do stop' I I'd never have said a word if I had known how you would take it; but I'd a mind you should know." "I should think so. You will be able to syinipathise with me now." ..Oh, don't expect any sentiment from meo;,it's quite out of my line I And, look here, Polly-remind me to buy George half a.dozen pairs of socks next time I go out, Thiseo are all.in holes." '.But you are in love with each other P " persists Polly, half disappointed. " Oh, if that's the notion you've got into your head, you had better get it out as fast as you can l 'Twould never do to have many such couples as you and Mr. Lan caster in this work-a ilay ~iovrld." " But, Patienco--" S"I picked up a book of yours the other day, Polly, and in it I read that some people aire born to water: and geishrally take care of the flowers of life, and others merely to gather them.> That isn't the way the book said it, but it's my way; and-you'ro wel come to the picking, Polly-I guess I have to do the watering." ':With'tlie utterance of this sage refloection Miss Yoreo disappears along with her work-. basket ;and that is all Polly can ever get out of her bn the subject. They are married, together-the two sisters-early iti the spring. Mr. Grey seems wel content with his bride, and Mr. Lancaster 'is unspeakably - happy after all the trouble, and grief; and passionate regret of the past weary months; and he thinks nay, hlie knois-Polly shares the happiness. Not-that he never feeols the loss of his leg not that he never grows weary of his forced inactivity ; he has his' gloomy seasons, when ill the world seems out of joint. But Polly never tires ; her love cheers him, lier gentle resolution upholds him; and, when he gets into the sunlight again, she never re proaches him for having wandered into the shadow. T .l LINmuAiN SOCIETY has a powerful aitd :munificent patron in the: Hon. 'W. Mlaoloay. The Linuroan Society may, indeed, be said to owe its present existence, if not its actual foundation, to that honor able' gentleman. It has lived in his house, been nurtured by his bounty. "The comfortitble house,'" said Professor Stephens, "in which their society had for some years past had its home, was placed at their disposal by their guest; and more, their guest had for years past been in the habit of,ý in the most unconstitutional manner, intercepting bills and depriving the treasurer of his natural rights of pay meont." Plainly, Mr. Muacleay out of pure love of science had maeintained the-society, and the society 'out of pure gratitude do. sired. to offer him their thanks. Mr. Maoleay accepted their thanks, but forthwith began to lay them under greater obligations. Heo thanked the society cordially for the kind and gracious manner in which they had invited and feted him, but could hardly say that his services merited such aeklowlodgment. He was not the founder .of:tho society, but he'had the interests of the society most deeply at heart, in proof of which he must beg them. to accept yet a few more favours. The house in Elizabeth street was old, and uncomfortably con venient to the trams: he would beg of them to accept a new house at Elizabeth 'Bay, wherein he would provide all things necessary for meeting and for study, and also for experimental research. Further, he had determined, in order that scientific enthusiasts should never be shut out from the pursuance of their studies and the 'accomplishment of their designs by any narrow bond of poverty, to set apart a sunfilient amount to endow four follow ships of £400 a year each, to enable students who should obtain the B,Sc. degree' at'the Sydney university to continue their studies. We scarcely rooognise the magnitude of these gifts by reading this bald record of them. We can understand, of course, the advantage of a pleasant and comfortable and convenient house given freely to the Linnuean Society, but we need to calculate a little to understand that the sum set apart to endow four scholarships of £400 a year in perpetuity could have beooen little loss than £.10,000; that the four scholarships mean a donation from Mr. Maolay to the university and the country of something like £10,000. Surely we must all join with the Linnean Society in returning thanks for those magnificent' gifts, and in wishing MIr. Mlaoloay a long coiitihuance. of :his bduntiful 'lifeo'and much friit: of lies Iatriotio anid' 'disinerested' labours:;-S. M. Horald. PuoPodnr ?.lijls 0didoris.'-At .r, time these last twelve' years it has boon said, ' Ah, if it were only-possible to photograph in colour I 'Tho mystery 'has been solved -the secret has. boerin discovered-so a leias'i t is said. A hnumble little soiontifio wokallin fi'living in a Parisian coilar has called out, " Eureka I" and colourod photo graphs, brightened by nature, and without artificial meanis, are to be the fancy next soasdn. There is a vast diflference between alphoto-print coloured by hand and an im pression that retains the colour that we see refleooted on the glass of a camera. Already Paris has developed the idea, the right of this admirable scorot has boon secured for England and the Channel Island, and when the sun comes again to chel:er us, the young ladies with boeautiful complexion and the matrons with gorgeous dresses can be reproduced in a picture not in dull brown and monoohromno, but in the colours that are so charming to the eye. The now in vention of photo-chlromo will cause a revolu tion in the art of the portrait- taking, and by its means the most charming ]andsocapes, forest sooenes, and flower-gardens can be preserved for the memory. So may it be I But " hopeo tolls many a flattering talo." Illustrated London News. The addrososes of a certain young man having boon declined by a young lady, heo paid court to iher sister. " How much you resemblo your sistor l" said he on the evening of his first call. " You have the same hair and the same forehead, and the same oyos--" ' "And the same noos," 'she added quickly. 11oe has stopped calling. " Nervous girl" wants to know how to onure a tickliug sensation about the face. Get him to shave offhis maoustache I" 