LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. THE ENABLING BILL. (to the editor.) Sir, — It is well that the Imperial Parliament was prorogued in time to bar the introduction of the Enabling Bill, which the absentees and slippery politicians were so very anxious to push forward. But the people and the press of Australia should without delay make it qtiitc plain to statesmen, both here and in Eng land, that we are prepared to support a thoroughly efficient measure of Federation for Victoria, South Australia, Queensland, and New South Wales, with the further understanding that Western Australia would be allowed to join, so soon as the peoj)le are all free, and unanimous for tho union ; but that on no account will wo join in any scheme of Imperial Federation, or be bound by any kind of political tie, with countries beyond the sea. It would be waste of time to argue that federa tion with Tasmania and New Zealand would in the not distant future be the cause of serious embarrassment to us, and probably of partial ruin to them. Causes which render it imperative that we should federate do not in the remotest degree affect them. These colonies are not separated one from the others by any great natural obstacles, difficult to surmount during the march of an army, such as broad and rapid rivers, elevated and pre cipitous mountains, or deserts. Hence, if left to ourselves, whenever destructive animal ferocity should usurp the place of reason, we would be found rending each other, unless held in check by the federal bond. Internal] tranquillity once secured to these colonies by federation, violence from without would be a contingency so remote as barely to require consideration ; so that after the revision and assimilation of the tariffs, the Federal Council woixld have little to engage its delibera tions. In a Federal Assembly the adjustment of the tariff would present no serious difficulty, be cause it would be to the interest of the several colonies alike to protect for a limited period branches of trade certain soon to develop into great national industries — such as the manufac ture of woollen fabrics, and of leather. Had the United States not placed a twenty per cent, ad valorem duty on the English iron manufactures, Brother Jonathan would at the present hour be cutting his mutton with a Sheffield knife and turning over the sod with a Wolverhampton plough, instead of being — as he now is — the rival of Britain in the mechanical arts. Nor could Ireland ever have competed with and finally eclipsed Holland in the manufacture of linen, but for the enormous bounties paid to English and Scotch Protestants in Ulster to encourage the cultivation of flax. It is a standing disgrace to these colonies that so much wool is permitted to leave Australian ports year after year without any effort being made to procure its conversion into woven fabrics. The manufacture of blankets to supply these colonies alone would absorb annually three thou sand bales, and would neither require very ex pensive plant, nor yet skilled labour of a very high order, in the production. It is probable that in the Federal constitution each colony, whilst submitting to a uniform duty on imports and abrogating border Customs dues, Avoiild still retain control of its own internal in dustries ; in which case the greatest advantage would be with the one giving earliest encourage ment for the conversion of its principal natural pro ducts. When discussing the question of Federation it is unfair to ignore the labours of Sir Henry Parkes for to him belongs the principal honour of having ' set the ball a-rolling.' Whether we kick it to his liking remains to be seen. It will be remembered that his idea took the shape of an 'Australian Council' resident in London. To many the conception may seem quite original, yet it is hardly so, as the model is in active operation at the present time, a short account of which together with a sample of its work cannot fail to be interesting. The defunct East India Company, when in existence, had its management vested' in a 'Board of Directors,' holding its meetings in London. The members of the Board were elected by the Company, and were the principal holders of Indian stock. Power and patronage were theirs ; they confirmed all appointments, and fixed all salaries. In fact, the Indian Empire was theirs, and they ruled it accordingly. When the East India Com pany was dissolved in 1858, the English Govern ment, ever careful of the ''patronage' of the rich, retained the ' Court of Directors,' merely alter ing the name to 'the Council of India.' As the members of the original Council died off their places were filled by nominees of the English Government. So the Council exists at the pre sent day, and the most lucrative appointments in India are filled by the friends and favourites of members. How our interests would be studied by an Aus tralian Council of life members resident in Lon don will be understood by a sample of the Council of India's regulations. The rupee has usually been understood as the equivalent of the two-shilling piece ; but of late years, through the glut of silver, its exchange value has averaged only about Is 8d. Its pur chasing power in India has declined accordingly. All servants of the Crown are nevertheless encouraged to remit their savings to England by beiug credited there with 2s 2d to the rupee. This, be it remembered, is not to encourage economy generally, but merely pandering to English greed, to ensure the money being spent in England and nowhere else. In proof of this it may be stated that the present writer not long since lost 350 rupees ou remitting money to Australia ; whereas had he sent it to England and went there to spend it, he would have saved that and gained in addition 175 rupees, making a difference of .£47 10s. The proposition was sub mitted that the money be transmitted to Eng land at 2s 2d, and afterwards withdrawn to Australia. But no ; tho answer was, ' Go to England and receive the highest rate. Go any where else and submit to the rate of exchange ruling.' The above arrangement requires a separate ap propriation of a million and a half annually to cover the difference in exchange. Sir Henry Parkes was lately the intimate acquaintance of at least Wo members of the Council of India — Sir George Campbell and the Hon. Ashley Eden — both eminently qualified to explain how a council can be turned to the best account. , Suppose the wishes of their hearts accomplished, and our leading politicians settled in London, members of Council all, and all in the enjoyment of life peerages — Sir Henry placed above ' kite flying,' Berry's relations all provided for, and the wants and wishes of Vogel, Service, M'll wraith, Samuel, and the rest provided for by tho English Minister of the day — what would be the result ? Why this : that finding ourselves sold, as the shortest way out of the difficulty wo would cut the connection. Soon again we shall have Berry appealing to 'the great heart of the people,' and Parkes resurrecting the Kiama ghost. But our way is plain. Let us b' influenced neither by blarney nor bigotry, but kjep steadily in view what is for our benefit, and reject all else. Wo require a Federal Union to prevent quarrels among ourselves. Our strength being increased by union, we would command respect/ We would require but a very slender permanent force, whether for land or sea service, and the whole of the colonies would require but one Governor. These and many other benefits would accrue from a Federal Union of these four colonies. PHIL ROONEY. December 29, 1884, 