The Two Babies. Tss night before Christmas we had great fuu at oar house tilling ghost st6ries. Mr. Travers told about an awful ghost that used to live in an old house where one of Mri Travers' friends lived. It was a tall, thin woman ghost, with her hair all down, and dressed in a white gown. She used to come into a room in the middle of the night with a rope in her hand, and she would look all around until she found a good place to hang herself, and then she would put the rope round her neck and hang just as if she was dead, and the man that saw her would faint a war, and when he woke up in the morning she would be gone. One night a young mas, who was a book agent, and wasn*t afraid of anything, slept in the haunted house. Well, in the middle of the night the ghost comes in and looks around for a rtui\ to hang herself to. The young man arid, ' Good evening, ma'am. Going to hang yourself, I see. Let me help you/ So he ndps the ghost to put the rope around her neck; but instead of hanging her he ties the rope to the bedpost so she can't get away, and then he lights a lamp and reads to her out of a book that he tells her every respectable ghost ought to buy. the ghost stood it a while, and then she begged and implored him to stop. So he kindly and affectionately pointed out to her that she had no right to go and hang herself in other people's houses, and that if she'd promise never to doit again he'd let her go, but if she didn't he'd read the whole book to her, and it had mor'namillion pages. Well, the ghost promised, and the young man let her go, only he kept the rope, and nobody ever saw her again. Mri Travers says he saw the rope himself, which p roves that the story is true. I went to bed pretty late that night, and woke np about 12 o'clock dreamif g of ghosts. I wasn't a bit frightened, though I was a little nervous, just as Sue is when she thinks she hears burglars; but I was afraid mother might be frightened, so I thought I would go into her room aod tell her it was all right, and nobody would hurt her. My littlest sister aud the baby sleep in the same room with mother. and the first thing I •aw was the baby hanging from the head of my sister's bed. This almost frightened me, ' for I thought the baby had got up in the night and committed suicide. So I called mother as loud as I could, and she sat right up, holding another baby in her arms. This made me sure that the habv hanging to the bedpost was a ghost, and then 1 admit I was frightened. After a while I found that it was made of rubber, with a loud squeak in if, was meant for a Christmas present. The rubber baby v as just about tin sizs of i seal one, and I could hardly teQ it from our real baby, only it made less noise; * Christmas morning we all had our presents, and had a good time over them. My little&t; sister would take her baby to church with her, only mother found it out, and hid it under h*r coat, where it squeaked every time mother kneeled down or stood up. Mr.Martin came to dinner Christmas Day, and spent the evening with us. He was very f ood-huraoored, and brought me a knife, and forgave him everything. He was very pleasant to mother, and said he did bo want to see the baby. Aft r dinner we all went into the parlour, where it was rather dark, for one of the lamps didn't burn very well till it was turned up. Mr. Martin dropped into a big ch*tr. and sat very quiet, thinking, as he said, only I believe he was more than half os'eep. Mother had aone upstairs to see the baby, but presently she' came down, and said to Sue, ' Where on earth is the baby r It ien't in the nursery* Susan; do you know anything about it V Mr. Martin said very politely, ' What's that ? Baby missing ? I'll find him for jou.' And with that Mr. Mariiu gets up and turns around, and gives a raofitdre«dful yell. There was a baby lying on the chair just as still as if it was dead. Mr. Martin was sure that some body had left our baby in the chair, and tliat he bad sat on it and smashed it, and of course he supposed be would have to be hung, and that father and mother would be offended with him. Then mother and due they shrb kei as if a mouse was after them, and rushed to pick the baby up, and found that it was the rubber baby, and that it wasn't hurt & bit, except that the squeak was spoiled. Just then the nnr-e brought 1b real baby in out of the kitchen, and everybody was happy again. That is, everybody but Mr. Martin. He got yeiy angry, and said he knew that it was one of that hoy's infamous tricks ; and ho took his hat and. wont home;' but I never put tho rubber baby in tho chair, and I don't care what | lie saya. -Jinamio Crown m Harper's Young 