Chapter III—The Plot Thickens. A few months drifted by. All men published the praises of young Conrad’s government, and extolled the wisdom of Ins judgements, the mercifulness of his sentences, and the modesty with which he bore himself in his great office. The old Duke soon gave evenything into his hands, and sat apart and listened with proud satisfaction while his heir delivered the decrees of the crown from the sent of the premier. It seemed plain that one so loved and praised and honored of all men as Conrad who could be otherwise than happy. But strangely enough, he was not. For he saw with dismay that the Princess Constance lind begun to love him I The love of the rest of the world was happy fortune for him, but this was freighted with danger! And ho saw, moreover, that the delighted Duke had discovered. his daughter’s passion likewise, and was already dreaming of a marriage. Every day somewhat of the deep sadness that had been in the prin cess’s face faded away; every day hope and animation beamed brighter from her eyes; and by-and-bye even fragrant smiles visited the face that had been so troubled. Conrad was appalled. He bitterly cursed himself for having yielded to the instinct that made him seek the com panship of one of his own sex when he was new and a stranger in the palace— when he was sorrowful and yearned for a sympathy such as only women can give or feel. He now began to avoid liis cousin. But this only made matters worse, for, naturally enough, the more he avoided her the moro she cast herself in his way. He marvelled at this at first, and next it startled him. The girl haunted him; she hunted him; she happened upon him at all times and in all places, in the night as well as in the day. She seemed singularly anxious.J'Thcre was surelya ihysteiy. some This could riot go on for ever. All the world was talking about it.. The Duke was beginning to look perplexed. Poor Conrad was becoming a very ghost through dread and dire distress. One day he was emerging from: a . private ante-room at tached to a picture-gallery. Constance confronted him, and, seizing both his hands in hers, exclaimed— “ Ob, wby do yon woid me ? What have I done—what have I said, to lose your kind opinion of me—for s"rely I had it once ? Conrad, do not despise me, hut pity a tortured heart. I cannot, enunot hold the words unspoken longer, lest they kill me—I lovk you, Conrad. There, despise me if you must, but they would be uttered !” Con- ' - as srecchless. Co- ■■ hesitan ■'•nit:. .mu men, mis; er preting in.-, ence, a wild gladness flamed in her eyes, and she flung her arms about his neck and said— •• You relent! you mlent! You can love me—pou will love me ! Oh, say you will, my own, my worshipped Conra.' ! ” Conrad was • nsiderably upset. P llor Overspread his countenance, and he trem bled like aspen. Presently, in desperation, he thrust the poor girl from him, and “ You know not what you ask ! It is for ever and ever impossible !” And then he fled like a criminal, and left the prin cess stupefied with amazement. A min ute afterward she was crying and sobbing there, and Conrad was crying and sobbing in his chamber. Both were in despair. Both saw ruin staring them in the face. By-and-by Constance rose slowly to her feet and moved away, saying— 1 To think he was despising my love at the very moment that I thought it was melting his cruel heart! I hate him ! He spurned me—did this man— he spurned me from him like a dog ! ” 