Tales and Sketches. I ADead Mail's Love. (Erom ffce Argonaut.) {Concludedfrom our last,) Il WW a beginning, and they -walked to gether along the gravelled path and aronnd v the fountain in front of the houso. He an eweredmore than he talked, hut she feltcon voraational with him in spite of herself. She "showed him the two pavilionB that her hus • hand's parents had built, and spoke of her own ohildish fanoies. ' 'Yes,' he replied, 'youth is irrepressible. ■ It is past and gone, and we give it up, hut it : always seems ,to be standing behind us, to keep a soft hand on our shoulder, and its sweet ' mouth says, "Thank God for me." ' 'Ah, I like you now!' cried Elsa; 'you .■would look upon those poor musicians of yes terday with different eyes to-day. You aro one of those people on whom the weather has a great influenoe, like plants.' 'Do you think so, oountess?' ho answered, with a sad glimmer of a smile. But it was a smile. ' I think you are mistaken. Every heart longs for joy and gladness; there is none that finds pleasure in melancholy only because the weather changes. . The sunshine or storm that makes onr souls light or dark is within us, and hot easily altered by force of will.' ' If people have heavy burdens to hear,' said the countess, 'they must not isolate them selves; they must seek oheerful people and try to lead a cheerful life, else they will find exist ence poor and wretched.' 'Do you mehn me?'he asked, softly. 'Yes,' she returned heartily. 'Pardon me,' hut I think you are a little unsympathetic and unsociable. Of course it concerns no one, least , of all a woman; but I am not a woman—I am a neighbour.' He answered her smile, and there was some thing like gratitude in his glance and the light that came into his face like a winter sun on a gnowfield. 'Have you never heard, countess,' he asked, elowly, '.of a woman who in a time of epidemic avoided her own child, and shut her door on her weeping treasure ?—who died alone, with out a hand to wipe the death damp from her brow, that Bhe might save her darling from in fection? Or, say that a man knows ho is poisoned through and through — that the touch of his hand, the breath of his lips will bring his own curse on others—will he not Bay to thoso who love him, "Baok?" Or rather, will he not avoid every opportunity to love, when he knows that his love will hring destruction to its objeot ? Or, take a wretched vagrant, on whom rests the cnrse of some crime, and who expeots every day to feel the hand of ignominy on his shoulder; let some loving being —a friend, a wife, a brother—open the door of a home to him on his weary march, warm as , the hearth may glow, soft as the lamp may '-bnm, lovingly as the lips may smilo, will he enter to bring his curse across that threshold ? No!' • ' Perhaps not,' said Elsie Arcon; • bnt what courage, to ho wretched, dying, and to push away the hand that would succour! But where have you learned this dreary way of looking at life ? Is not this earth beautiful ? Look ' at the roses. See how the sun sends pearly light? across the spray in the fountain. Is it not glorious? Is it not bliss to bohlive ?' ' Who could: say no to you ?' he answered with shining oyes and a faint tremulonsness of the lip. ' You fiU every one that hears you with your joy in life. It is a blessed gift, and one that scatters blessings. God protect yon from all sadness ?' She blushed, bat without embarrassment, and their eyes met. When the glances of two pore and noble souls meet and hold each other &.moment of restful pause from the storm of life comes to both, even if what tho world calls love never has existed botween thom and never is to exist. She only thought how glad she was that at last he seemed happy. Suddenly something seemod to separate him from her, as if a horrible recollection swept back over bis soul.' Ho turned deadly pale, his mouth grow distorted, but only for a second ; then he regained his self-control, the terrible quiet that she had just succeeded in breaking. Spirits may look so .when thoy bover over the cradle of an orphan child and ben* the cock crow. 'I quite forgot,* ho said, presently, {that I am under orders to-day, and must go back. Pardon mo for having trespassed on your time so long, madaroe.' Had she dreamed that this apathetic stahie that spoke so mechanically and moved 60 wearily had been but a moment before a think fteling human being? No. As she looked after him, Else said t*> herself that ho was no misanthropo, ho was not unfeeling, he only mortally tired. Ho had a heart. A few days ufterwflrd there was a fair in. one . great market towns, and Elsa Arcon, with her aunt Odescali and eight or ten friends from the neighbouring estates, drovo over in a P**ty to look on. Late, in tho afternoon they wt out for homo, but the evening was so lovely that it seamed a pity to separato, and what ptoisanter than to ncoept tho invitation of tho pretty Countess Areon, and have suppor and Rpcnd the night at Castle Laucut ? • , After supper, as tho moonlight was brilliant, they ail went out on the terrace, where tho h'ght sir was heavy with tho per!nmeof flowers. H w just tho hour to listen to something turuling,* ono 0£ tho ladies. * Who knows a ghost story V 'k a murder Rtory ?' said another. . P°u always have a story ready, Pobski/ »ea one of tho men to tho freckled little count, only offlwr present. *08> * know a story, but not tho sort you • JJk It is true, though: I have it oh tho of authority.' ^ ** *iaPPcn ^ 176 I cannot say, but it happened about | ago in Paris. The lady's name was I Felice Franois. Her father was a general in the'cavalry, and she was just oat of boarding school. The old general, though he was mach beloved by the array, was really rather a : common sort of adventurer. He was ex travagant to the last degree, guzzled oham j pagno at breakfast, and his wife was a mil liner's doll, and nothing more. So ho went on I making debts, though he Knew he never could 1 pay, and everyone lent became he gave his i word of honour. But a day came when he must either break his word or go to the Jews. "Well, he had a friend, an old man, who said to him: ' I will par your debts on condition that yon Bell mo your daughter—I beg pardon—I mean that she will marry me.' So the father spoke to his daughter, and she clung to the old man with both hands, and to secure silk dresses and diamonds for life she sold herself like a bale of goods.' 1 Is that all the story ?' said a Polish count. ' There is nothing unusual in that.' . Yea,' grinned Oount Dobski, 1 it is a very simple story, hut suppose the heroine were one of our friends ?' ' Oh, it is too disgraceful!' cried the ladies. At la>>t the moon set, and they separated for the night. As Dobski kissed his hostess's hand, she said: 'Thaok you, count, for entertaining my guests so kindly when I was tired.' 'Oh, countess, you flatter me,' he answered, modestly. But if he had seen her heart ho would have trembled, remorseless as he was. Early next morning the guests assembled for breakfast and departure. The lady of the house 6ent her excuses. Sho had caught cold on the terrace, and was unable to appear. After the guests were gone, Aunt Mona knocked at the door until she opened it. Her eyes were red, with sleeplessness or crying, as | she said: 'A little headache, auntie I am better, thank you.' Thon she went back to her chair, and sat down with her head in her hands, sup posing her smiling aunt would go away. But suddenly she felt Aunt Mona'a hand on her shoulder, and heard her Bay: ' Elsa, I will tell you what is the matter. Will you listen ?' Elsa stared at her. The stereotyped smile had gone from her face, and her eyes were dim with tears; and she spoke distinctly, though slowly and heavily: ' Yon wonder to hear me talk, and to know that I can think. A veil seemed to fall from my mind not long ago, and my head began to live again. But it was hard for me to talk, so I kept still, and I heatd people say such evil things, that I did not care to open my mouth to them. But you never laughed at me, Elsa, and I must speak to you, for you are unhappy. That foul-mouthed man wounded you to the heart yesterday, and you sre alone. lean only comfort yon, not help you.; you must find a friend to do that. You have one in your heart, and he is brave, but you would never call him, so I have sent for him, and he will be here to dny. Who is he, do you ask ? Could I mean any one but the man who this moment is riding to your door ?' And she pointed to the window, and the man that Elsa Arcon saw was Lieuten ant Sternfeld. She went down to receive him, and motioned him to sit beside her. He said, in his weary yet courteous way, that Bhe had sent for him, and that he had come to know in what way he could be of service to her. She tried to answer with coldness and pride, but she looked at him and trusted him. ' Pardon my sending for you,'she answered; ' I need a friend.' 1 Who has more friends than the Countess Arcon f' ' Friends who wonld like to be suitors. Ho you think one of the men who come to my house, if I called on them in this way, would not feel justified in taking advantage of it ? For that reason I sent for you.' 1 For mo !' ; Yes; 'because you are indifferent to me as a woman, because you are indifferent to the wholo world, and because I feel that you are au honourable man.* She was almost as pale 08 he, as sho continued : ' So, in this moment of my life when I need help, will you bo my friend?' Sho seemed rather to confer than to ask a favour. Your friend,* he murmured. It is a simple thing that I ask you to do; only to road this letter from my dead father on the day of my marriage to General Arcon.' 4 Countess, I can not read your letter, I can not accept the honour of your friendship, nor ask you to rely on my befriending you.' She rose, white with rage and shame.'. 4 Because I am not a danseuse I * sho cried. I You know about that?* His eyes were unnaturally largo, and his lips grew as wh?to as his cheeks. the was frightened at what she had said, but her pride came back. II have heard it.* : That dame use, madamo la comtesse, I have never spoken to, never oven seen,* he said, with a return of his customary indifference to her, to the world, to himself, 4 Princo Teko was her avowed Iovor. One ovening at mess, when he had been drinking, he gavo an infamous do scription of his inamorata, with whom ho had quarrollod. I did not know the woman, but the thing enraged mo. I bid the prince xuy opinion of him. That was all.* -» She drew a long breuth. 4 Can you pardon mo? I was hurt at your refusing to defend mo. And so the thing blow over?* His lips forraod tho word 'Yes.' 4 And you forgive mo ?' 4For what?' 41 was afraid I had wounded you,' sho said, almost shyly. Ho made no answer, only took the letter, and said : 41 am to road this ?' i 4 If you please.' It ran as follows : Mr Dsaiilt Beloved Elsa : Wilt you, indeed, take this step ? Think that ho is an old man, and you aro still almost a child. True, ho once did mo a (treat sorvico. and spared mo a doep sorrow, but v ho not my old friend and companion in arms P N<> . that he is sick and alono ho noeds care, you say, and yon will pay my moral d^bt and fetter your young lifo to a sick old man. Don't do it, Elsa, I imploreyon. Aroon is no longer rich, and wo are iwealthy onoe more. We will make Mm one of ourselves, and teach him to forget bis pride, bat not through your self sacrifice, There is still time to ear no, Elta. Say it. f I was an overstrung, eccentric girl,' paid Elsa, as ho finished, ' but I have never regretted my step. I gave my father's benefactor a happy old age. The world judges only by appearances, and yesterday a wicked man said wicked things of me to my face, without naming names. But how often will he name them at meBS and in gossiping visits ? So all I ask is that a friend who is not a lover shall say frith authority, "It is not true." "Will you say that V 1 What do you require of me, countess ?' he exclaimed. * If you only knew !' * What do I require,' she cried, in a stifled voice. ' Is it so much ? Am. I not worth even a word.?' ' Yes,' he groaned. ' Y011 must not speak so. You are tearing my heart ont. Pardon me for leaving you, countess—I am ill. You shall learn whether I can be your friend or under I take this mission, but not now.' I His words rang in her ears, but he was gone. Lieutenant Stebkfeld to the Countess Ascon. Madame La Comtease: I do not know what I am to say to you in this letter. I only know that X must toll yon all that strangles in me. You will take tbe*e words for what they are, the cry of a heart that would give the lost drop of its blood to spare yon a sad moment, to win a smile from yon, to linger for an hour by your side. I am yonng, my heart is'nil to overflowing, and I shall never seo you again. From the moment that you read, these lines 1 shall have vanished from the world for you. Do not bo angry that I dared not accept the honour of being your brother. My unhappy fate forbids me to live with life, to count upon to.morrow. Bat one thing it does not foih:d—the coarage and the power to tell you that I love yon with the first, holiest, and oh, indeed, the last lovo of my heart. I love you with every fibre of my b'dng, with every thought of my soal, with every pulse of my body that in a few moments is to moulder in the grave, where it has long been due. I love you unutterably. God bless you. Fatewell for* bver. . 8. A starless night hung abovo the Lancnt estates, oppressive, damp darkness, through which a woman knocked at the lonely farm house where Lieutenant Sternfeld lived. The door was opened by the man himself, with a light in his hand. She entered; her old servant, John Drim, stood on the step3 outside. The Countess Lisa Arcon pushed back the hood of her waterproof and said, as she stood within the threshold: 'Lieutenant Sternfeld, you are a wicked man.' He placed his light on the window-sill with trembling fingers, only saying: 'Ton here, countess?' and then stood with folded hands before her, aB if she were a saint. But she looked at him with breathless anger. ' You terrified me to death by your letter. Heaven be praised, you are here.' ' You were alarmed abont me ?' ' Yes,' she answered, honestly, though the glance she gave him was indescribable in its reproach and pride; ' and now it is over, I was alarmed about a human being in deep distress. I was stupid enough for that. No one ever oared for my grief. He caught her hand and heldherfrom going. 'Elsa,' do not leave me!' he cried. 'I told you that I was wretobed, and you ' 'lonly wished to-tell you to be brave,' she struck in. 'You have a wife that you do not love, or you are in love with some one that yon cannot marry, and you whimper like a child. Xs that manly ?' 'Love any one but you? I can bear it no longer in this last hour, when I must return to the grave in which I have been lying for a year. Elsa, I dared not take or return love, because—I am a dead man '.' She took a sudden step backward and stared at him as if he were mad. 4 i es,' lie continued, with hie eyes fixed despairingly on her face; ' have you never felt it ? Listen. I am only a ghost; to-morrow's sun must not see me on earth. Do you think I am mad?. Listen. My parents were poor: I was always lonely and ambitious, and I would not dissipate my youth as other men do in my profession. I told you of my quarrel with Prince Teko. A duel naturally followed, but our colonel interfered and it was stopped, at least apparently ; not really, however. As we could not fight openly, we arranged a secret duel, "We drew lots in the presence of two witnesses, Dobski and Linski. The one on whom the lot fell was to die by his own hand before the end of the year. It fell on me, and to-morrow is my last day. Why should I not have died before ? I could take care of my mother so much the longer : and I had liv« d so little, always working for my fortune. So I have lived my year, but how ! Day by day, hour by hour, death crept toward me. I dared bind myself to no one. I must stamp out all longing for life and love. Then you came into my life, and I loved yon. I saw heaven, and %dared not stretch out my hand toward it; I saw the highest blessing of life held out to me. and had to dash it from my thirsty lips. I must die—and you stand before me the imag* of the beauty, glory, and blessedness of life, hopelessly lost to mo.' His eyes closed and he fell full length before her, catching a fold of her dress in his fall. She sank beside him. took him in her arms, and begged him, as if beside herself, to *ay it ! was not true; she cried that sbeloredhim, and how was it possible for him to die when they could be happy ? 'It is well I took tho poison beforo you camo,'he.said,.at last; 'now I should not have tho courage.' His eyes did not close again, but rested on her face with an expression of unspeakable lovo. She saw* the end was uoar, and neither spoko nor moved. Her lips received his last breath. The whole corps was at first horrified at the legitimate* suicide of a bravo comrade, who an hour before his death had written a letter to the colonel setting forth the reason, but they all doclared ho oould not have done otherwise. Tho Countess Elsa Arcou withdrew her poor aunt to some quiet Italian baths. The groat world thought tho countess was acting nobly in tending her poor imbecile relative. They did not know ft was the relative who was nursing a dying woman. For when the spring came Elsa went ont of life as a flame goes out. A maladie de langucux, said the physicians. She was buried in the sweet Italian convent which she hadf endowed with her fortune, and in which Aunt Hona lingered ont her last days without a word and without a smile.—Trans lated from the German of E. M. Vacanoby Helen Lake. 