Turt Notes. BY ' Hll»l-ARI0N.' The Queensland colt Velocipede has changed his quarters, says lf Augur,' froniFleuilugton toCau]field,and he has many friends for the Melbourne Cup. Be can gel two milen, and will run a far better horse under 7st. 41b. than under the feather who lost him the Sydney Cup lnof Anrtl. Late betting on the great event of the year at Flemington is quoted as under : — 100 to 3 against Commotion. 100 to 3 against Coronet. 100 to 2 against Prometheus. 100 to 2 against Willeroo. 100 to 2 against Warwick. 100 to 2 against July. 100 to 2 against Matchlock, inn tn 2 .iD-iiinst, Mozart. July is a full brother to Sir Modred, and is named July owing to being dropped a few days before the 1st of August and counts an extra year for the few days that elapsed between his foaling and the Racehorse's'New Year's Day. ' Augur' thinks highly of the horse's chance. Of Velocipede he writes : — ' His sole per formance of merit during the past season was running second to Normanby in the Sydney uup, in wnicn me winner gave the Queenslander 61b., and just beat him. In Queensland he won a number of races and his owner, being well satisfied with the weight allotted him for the Mel bourne Cup, he may justify his good opinion and land the stake for him. He is indeed as grand looking a horse as one need wish to glance at aud should make a first-class hurdleracer.'1 The V.R.C. seems to me to be on the wrong track in offering a prize of 300 sovs. to be run for by geldings only. Well bred colts will not be castrated for the chance of a prize like this, and it would be a national loss if they were. Geelong races come off on Saturday this August .1st. The principal event is the Winter Handicap, lj mites, a race which has, in its time, introduced us to one or two clipping 3-year-olds, among them Suwarrow and Progress. The race, when this brilliant pair won it, was run at the end of July, just before the youngsters turned into their fourth year, as three-year-olds. This year I do not think it Jikely we shall see a Dtrby or Cup favourite in front for it. BeUringer's brother, by Reugny— Clo- chette, was sold at Graftou for TO sovs. Bandwick races will not take place so early as usual this year, when the fixture is September 19, 22, 24, and 26. The added money for the four days is 4700 Bovs., or over 1150 each day. It is probable that one of the questions for decision at the coming conference of Racing Clubs in August, will be the ap pointment of a handicapper for the lead ing meetings, Rockhampton, the Towers, Townsville, Mackay, Gympie, Marybo rnnirli And TlHRhanfi. Talking of handicappers reminds me of rather a good story told in Brisbane sport ing circles. A well known owner of race horses, Mr. J. Williams, wrote to his fidus Achates, the sporting contributor of one of the Brisbane dailies, asking him as a favour to ' slate the idiot who did the Toowoomba handicaps, a man who knew nothing about horses, and had turned out the most disgraceful handi caps of the season.' In the next ' Racing Notes,' however, the Toowoomba handi caps, instead of being slashed into ribbons, were mildly praised. Visiting Brisbane the next week, Mr. Williams paid his chum a visit to ask why he had not written upon the hint. I leave my readers to imagine what passed at the Interview, during which it is sufficient to tell, it turned out that the sporting contributor was the very identical idiot who did the Toowoomba handicaps. Aud now the silver cord isloosened, the golden bawl is broken, and Orestes looks coldly upon Pylades for evermore. Miles Races came off with eclat, but the mere recapitulation of the winners would be of little interest to my Wide Bay and Burnett readers, where none of the horses are known. A 4- 4-ha TViTTTiifo friQ -poniiini' nraa AW-P lent, though the field was small. I know nothing of the breeding or ante cedents of Fan Tan, winner of the Sires' Produce Stakes, but old Talleyrand, ?who carried off the Novel Race, is the veteran grey who once won the double at the Towers, and is a full brother to Mr. A. M'Dowall's grey geld ing, Pirate, who won the Selling Stakes at Maryborough a few years ago for Messrs. Rutherford, of Rockhampton, who sold him after the race to his present owner for 30 gs. The Millchester Handi cap resulted in a surprise, the judge's verdict being in ravor of the Hughenden horse, Speculation, by Blair Athol (son of Kingston, imp,, and Bessy Bedlam by Iiittle Joan) out of Young Slyboots, who just got home in front of My Love and Elsinore, iu 2mins. 44secs. Ben Bolt was scrff.DCaea, as uuu ue wuu ji- jjib weigui. for the big race next day would have been raised to 8st 121b. Medusa ran a wonderful mare, under 12st 71b, in the one mile Bracelet race, which she won, according to the Courier's telegrams, which by the way are usually wrong, in 1 rain, 41* sees! wh'.ch is almost in credible. With 10 seconds added on to it the 'record' would be sufficiently re markable under the weight. Elsinore beat My Love and Rosey, in that order, for the Miner's Purse ; aud the District Plate demonstrated the indifference of the Produce Stakes lot, for Fan Tan was ' no where' to the moderate New marketand Scud, the latter of whom had run a race just before. On the second day, Idle Girl, by Epigram out of Irene, won the Maiden Plate for J. P. Jbst, and Tarwin had no troublesome task set him to beat his rivals in the Hurdle race, Iu the big race, Petronel ran a better colt ithaw at Mackay (where Medusa was too many for him), and turned the tables on the graud old mare, as, indeed, any colt of kjek, class was pretty sure to do, at the ?weights-; but though Medusa had th«s worst of her stwggle with Jost's colt, a Drayton bred one-^Bent Bolt -decisively proved bis superiority to the pair, and ?clecerly beat Petrouel by a neck, giving the son of Goldsbrough 21bs. Speculation ran w«U, but over a long course Iwd to give in -to cleaner !?red ones, aad just missed the by no means barreu honors hanging to the fhird situation. Mono gram beat Scud in the Members Cup. Elsinore got home in front of My Love again in tue Publican's Purse, and beat tue uniucny mare ouce more w me Forced Handicap. My Lov« thus ran four seconds, viz., iu the Milcbester Handicap, the Miner's Purse, the Publi can's Purse, and Forced Handicap. Bundaberg aud Raveuswood will occupy the attention of racing men on Wednesday and Thursday aud Thurs day aud Friday respectively. Bunda berg vill be well oyer before these lines are set up. But l msy nazara a lew notes on llavenswood, which will not be concluded when the Colonist appears. The acceptances for the Handicaps we as under ?— J. C. Handicap.— Ben Bolt, 8st. ?Sib. ; Orestes, 7st. Hb. ; Peri, 7st. ; Wetheroudale, 6st. 91b. ; Soldier Boy, «'st Sib. If ihe runs, Ben Bolt must win in a walk, but winning here means a penajty at Townsville, so his starting is question able. If Wetaerondate were only the horse he was at Roma, I should expect to sec him triumphant iu the crack's absence, but be seems to have had too much of it lately, ami I must rely on Orestes. The Publican'B Purse has only three contents, Ben Bolt 8st. 121b., Pen 7st. 61b., and Wetheroudale 7st. lib., and here the Burnett colt may score a win, always provided Mr. Strickland's flyer keeps away. The Maiden Plate may go to California, who ran second to Idle Girl at the Towers, or to Assayer ; and the District Plate to Ben Bolt's stable com panion Scratch Gravel. Starlight ought to win the Hurdle Race. uaioy Ataces lane place on xnursaay next, AugUBt 6th, and Merryjig should win both handicaps in a canter. In its report of JBowen races the editor of the Port Denitson Times says,, paren-, tlietically and pathetically : — ' It is a' comfort, many will Bay, but a very poor one, indeed, to think that spite of the neglect with which poor little Bowen is treated byAh-Sam's administration of ex-Methodist parsons, etc., sue can pro The entries for the Q. T. C. Sapling Stakes, Derby. '86, and St. Leger, '87, closed on Friday, 31st (yesterday). If possible, I will send you the list of sub scribers for Saturday's Chronicle. An article on 'two-year-old racing' appeared in the Courier of Friaay, 24th, condemning it strongly. The argument is fustiau, aud not noticeable, But the change of frout of the Courier on the question of two-year-old racing is remark able. Only a few months ago the Courier was an ardent supporter of two-year-old racing— its most vehement advocate. I am glad to hear that the Racecourse Committee of your Town Council have reported in favor of the Corporation tak ing over the racecourse from the trustees, aud that the report has been adopted by the Council. When the Aldermen are proprietors of the course and the very substantial improvements thereon, rac ing will regain its former prestige aud popularity in Maryborough. Springsure races came oft a fortnight ago or thereabouts, but are only note worthy here because of the success of The Baron (a son of Eugene Monahan's Maribyrnong horse Sir Arthur, who ran at Gympie iu Potentates and Boree's year) in one of the principal races. At Spriuesure, too. Mr. Archibald's b.e. Sunlight, by Cadmus out of Sunbeam, carried list, to victory in the Consola tion, giving away between three and four Btxme to some of his opponents. ' Veno,' writing iu the Oapricornian, gives ' Hermit,' of the Sportsman, a ' bit of his mind' for presuming to call iu question the action of the stewards at Rockhamptou in the Drummer case. ' Veno' says : — ' I have no wish to be hard on Quirk, but when writers who did not see the race presume to condemn the stewards who did, it is time someone put the facts forward without fear or favour.' Exactly ! The stewards saw the race, and saw nothing in Quirk's riding to dud fault with. It was the running on the second day which proved that Quirk had pulled his horse on the first, and when the second race was over but not till tbeu, 'competent witnesses, including the stewards,' remembered the barefaced ' pulling' of the Drummer the day before. These are 'all the facts' that have as yet been 'put foward' by any person, and to outsiders they are not sufficient to justify the action of the stewards. Of course the latter may be in possession of evidence that we know nothing of, but they keep then1 own council, perhaps very properly. Iu the meantime public opinion, based on the only facts that hiive come to light, is in favor of Quirk, and no wonder. Mr. w. «..? lieu i' s uaiatea, oy epi gram out of Gazelle, did not start either for the Maiden Hurdles or the Flat Race at the late V.R.C. Steeplechase meeting at Flemingtou. Plausible, who ran third for the last Melbourne Cup and lost Commotion the race, according to some authorities, rau a good second under 8st. 101b. to The Ghost, Sst. 61b., for the Flat Race. The Ghost is by Hamlet, son of Maribyrnong. Coronet has ' taken Commotion down' in the Melbourne Cup betting, and thougb both stood at last quotations at 100 to 4, the Newmarket Handicap winner was supported for most money. for tne (jauinein uup, veiocipeae, vst. 71b., has been lately backed at 100 to 3, the shortest odds yet laid, I think, though more than one horse stands at the price. The Sapling Stakes at the V.A.T.C. meeting iu August, to be run for by 2-year-olds, closed with 46 subscribers. The profits on the V. R. C. Spring meeting at Flemington in November, amounted to £12,622 17s. lOd. (Many Queensland Clubs would be glad to show a profit of the odd tenpence) ; in 1868 the profits were £379 5s. 2d., in 1869 £1320. 'Judge Clark has now been in the box for thirty-three consecutive Derby days on Epsom Downs,' says ' Robin Hood,' writing to the Australasian, ' and I will warrant he never witnessed a more des perate finish than that of 18S5.' But what about St. Gatien and Harvester ? There will be a bit of amateur jumping for prizes worth winning, £20 and £10 each, given by the National Association for 'hunters,' to be tried at the Exhibi tion on the 19th August. The entries will be numerous, aud to many this will be the event ot the Show. Lord Marcus Beresford and Custance have been appointed starter and 'deputy ' starter to the English Jockey Club. Racing last week was of great interest, as the valuable Charters Towers pro gramme was run off on Thursday and Friday, and there was a two day's meet ing at Miles on the same day. It is not nfton that a 500 sovereign handicap adorns the programme of a Queensland Racing Club, aud the Towers J. C. Han dicap this year is the first race north of Brisbane to -which so much money has been added. Neither financially nor in a sporting sense was the big money a success, for though the competition was very select, the candidates were few, and district owners had jto ' stand down' to see the cracks from a distance fight it out between themselves.. In a country where there exists neither of the two classes on which raciDg depends in Vic toria and New South Wales— the pro fessional racing man, who makes the turf his business, and the wealthy man who races for his amusement, the fun, or the honor of the thing— it is doubtful waiter the best interests of the turf are seryeS'by adding a big sum of money to pne race only in ^ yropramine. It secures no inofe entries, ' up bigger fields, thai! far smaller prizes, aud 'as ' fife entrance money is necessarily high' a'ciuajly, thaueb nerhaos not relatively, to the value of the stake, it prohibits accept? ance. except iu the case of those owners who are either well enough in to have a rattling goorj show, or who accept for purposee which if is not necessary to do Siore than hint at. A bjg prize like that at the Towers this year Is given away at ;he expense of the rest of the programme. Had the 600 sovs, been divided intotpree prizes, one of 250, cue of 150, aud one of LOO sovs. there would have been a more even distribution of the money, nearly three times as many entrances, better acceptances, and far bigger fields. At all evenjts there could hardly have been fewer acceptances or a smaller muster at the post than for Oip big handicap this year. Nor are the objHcd&UB; to one big race at the expense of the other prizes founded on theory alone. The Glen InnesCIub gave away 1000 sovs. twice, and on neither occasion did they secure a larger or better entry or acceptances or a bigger field of starters than their pre vious 100 and 200 sovs. handicaps had done, whilst the number and quality of the entries for their handicaps and Cups of 100 and 200 sovs. given since they dropped the ' thousand' have been quite equal, if not superior, to those for the great prizes. Warwick, too, gave away big Handicaps once or twice, and ruined what was once one of our leading clubs. I do not cite Glen Innes and Warwick as proofs of the correctness of my views, so much as to illustrate my meaning. The following are the nominations for the Gin Gin Handicaps, to be run on Friday next : — Gin Gin Handicap.— F. G. Collin's Donald, -W. Cook's Gardiner, J. Gil mour's b g Exeter, W. M'Cray's Man drake, Shand and Buchanan's b g Trum peter, R. Johnstone's b £ Lieutenant, W. Hooper's Randwick, W. Croft's b g Foxhuuter, J. Ray's b g Aristocrat, W. Elliott's Lyre Bird, W. M'Kay's Mac gregor. _ Hurdle' Race.— J. Gilinour's Escort, A. Mullett's c m Peerless, A. Mullett's b g The Sea, W. Walker's Legerdemain, W. Croft's bg Foxhuuter, J. Ford's Browulock, A. F. Walker's Admiral. 