fiamcMal Inteilig^na, BALWYN. — A 'silver reading' in connection with Sfc. Barnabas' Parochial Association took place in the schoolroom on Wednes day, the 25th November, at which, there was a large attendance. Readings and recitations were well rendered by Messrs. Bennett, Qrifliths, Snowdon, Smith, and Chandler, and musical selec tions by Misses Smith, Werrett, Kofod, and Mrs., Cock. Messrs. S. Tobias and B. D. Smith contributed comic songs, and Mr. Herbert Chandler played the ' Grello Galop' very effectively. The room was tastefully decorated with flowers. and wreaths by the lady members of the society, and the gift of a handsome bookcase for the library by Mr. W. Maling, and eighteen volumes of Sir Walter Scott's ?works by Mr. John Hindson, were suitably acknowledged. The church here is about to be enlarged again, the congregation having outgrown the building. Blackwood. — The annual tea-meeting at Garlicks was celebrated on Tuesday, 24th November, when 130 partook of the repast. The public meeting afterwards was so well attended that several had to remain outside, and as the night was very warm, they remained there to listen until the close. The clergyman of the district, the Rev. E. C. Knox, occupied the chair, and in his address dwelt largely and warmly upon the scepticism and free-thought of the day, describing the effects resulting from the lives of several atheists, sceptics, and free-thinkers. The rev. chairman also very graphically described the lives and deaths of Voltaire, D'Alembert, Mirabeau, Didoret, Robespiere, Rousseau, Tom Paine, and others, and then drew a contrast in the lives and deaths of Christians. The Rev. G. I. Armstrong, of Daylesford, also gave a very stirring address upon the wonders of the natural world ; and the Rev. J. Patterson (Presby terian) an animated one, suitable to the younger portion of the audience. The tables were presided over by Mrs. Williamson, the Misses Eobson, Trewhella, Bloxsome, Beech, Hastie, Blastock, and Livy. During the evening several of the Sunday- school children gave recitations, and the choir, led by Mrs. Williamson (who presided at the organ), very creditably acquitted themselves with choice selec tions of music. The chairman presented Mr. Robert Williamson, the . superintendent of the school, with a well-bound copy of the Teacher's Edition of the Bible, as a token of favourable regard for that gentle man's services. Brighton : St. Andrew's. — November has been a busy month in this parish. The annual sale of work in connection with the guild was held in the Orderly Room on the 17th and 18th. The sale was opened by Lady Stawell. The proceeds were for the recent additions to the schoolhouse, and between £70 and £80 was realised. The annual Sunday-school picnic took place at Mordialloc on the 27th ; the day was fine, and the outing proved most enjoyable. The festival of the dedication of the church was observed on St. Andrew's Day. On the eve — Sunday, the 29th — a flower service was held at three p.m.; the rain fell in torrents but there was a good attendance. The Rev. J. F. Stretch was the preacher. The flowers were placed on the altar Bteps, and remained during the festival services. The services on' St. Andrew's Day were well attended ; there were celebrations at seven a.m. ana at nair-past ten, tne latter oeing preceaea oy cnorai matins. There were 89 communicants, 54 of whom came at seven a.m., a good proportion being young men. At the late celebration the choir sang the ' Sanctus' and ' Gloria in Excelsis,' from the Choi?' Manual. Full choral evensong was sung at half- past seven, when a good congregation was present. The Rev. S. Taylor preached in the morning and the Rev. W. Charles Pritchard in the evening. The offertories for the day amounted to £8 os. 9d. At the flower service the offertory was for the Melbourne Deaconesses Home, £2 5s. being collected. The church was elaborately decorated, near the altar violet and white colours were used, because of the season of Advent, „ and the whole building was adorned with a profusion of flowers, texts, and handsome banners. At the conclusion . of. the services the members of the choir were entertained at supper by the incumbent and Mrs. Taylor. The observance of the whole festival has been very hearty, and will doubtless give a stimulus to the parish work, Geelong. — The Bishop of the diocese has recently paid his annual visit to the Geelong Rural Deanery. On 7th ult., in company with Mrs. Moorhouse, he arrived in Geelong, and took up his abode at St. Paul's parsonage. On the following day (Sunday) he preached at All- Saints' Church in the morning to a large congregation, and administered the holy ordinance of Confirmation at St. Paul's at three p.m. The church was very crowded, but 'all things' were 'done decently and in order, and the service was very impressive, Attwood's ' Come, Holy Ghost,' was sung before the laying on of ? hands, and the hymn, ' O Jesus, I have promised,' followed upon it. There were 74 candidates, of whom 48 -were from St. Paul's parish, 18 from Christ Church, 7 from All Saints', and one from Highton. The week was spent by the Bishop in visiting country districts — Winchelsea, Dean's Marsh, Mt. Duneed, Ceres and Highton, and Kensington ; and the following Sunday the Bishop again ofliciated in Geelong, preaching at Christ Church (where he was now Btaying) in the morning, and in St. Paul's at evening servce. Christ Church was crowded, but at St. Paul's every available corner, including the ringing chamber of the belfry, was densely packed, and hundreds had to turn away, unable to get in. The morning sermon was from St. Matt. ix. 22, and the evening sermon from Acts xiii. 45. The anthem (in the evening) was, 'Awake, awake, put on strength' (Smallwood), and the service was very hearty. After five days more, spent at Queenscliff, Drysdale, Inverleigh, and the Little River district, either a Church service or a Confirmation being held every day, the Bishop and Mrs. Moorhouse returned to Melbourne on Friday, 20th ult. South Yaeba. — In connection with the parochial guild of Christ Church and St. Martin's, a course of six lectures on 'Natural Science' (with experiments) will be given by Mr. Matthews in the Christ Church schoolroom, Punt-road, on the following Thursdays :— 10th and 24th December, 14th and 28th January, 11th and 25th February. It is also announced that the second annual juvenile exhibition, in aid of the Christ Church Sunday-school, will be held during the month of May, 1886. The committee (Misses Nicholas, Vaughan, Viney, Watson, and Messrs. W. Brock, A. Daylas, and W. T. Lazenby) will be glad to receive help from friends in the shape of suitable articles, to be sent for ' exhibition only.' St. Kilda.— A meeting on behalf -of the Bishop of Melbourne's ? Fund was held in the large drawingroom of the new vicarage of Christ Churchy on Thursday evening, the 19th, November, the purpose of the incumbent and his wife being, so to speak, to conse crate the building by its first large gathering being invited in aid of this noble object. Addresses were delivered by the incumbent and by the Rev. H. B. Macartney, also by Messrs. R. S, Bradley and F. Grey Smith. Resolutions affirming the duty of renewed and in creased exertions on behalf of the fund, and appointing, an active committee, were unanimously passed, together with the plan of send ing coliecting-cards to the heads of the various families of the con gregations, so that every household may subscribe towards the fund not later than Christmas Day1 of the current year, as a thanksgiving to God. The following. was the committe appointed :— rMrs. Stanley Low, Mrs. Mnnley, the Misses Jennings, Mrs. Horner, Mrs. Biddulph, Miss Barry, and ttio Misses Clegjr, Rev. R.- Stephens (hon; secretary), Messrs. Bradley, J. J. Kelly, S. J. Payne, and John Smith. : 