Ulifcfoig'onBg Amsaieaur SH'iiuiitfolc €IiiI>. By Astyanax. This second performance under the auspices of the above club took : place last Saturday evening in Mr* Wright's Canterbury Hall. Tho building was well filled, and judging lVom the mR.nner in which each performer's effort was received the audience appeared well satisfied; The programme was lengthy i yet' well selected ; and such a marked im provement has of late manifested,v itself amongst the members that I may say the Mittagorig Amateur Dramatic Club contains men oftho right stamp, and men who^ with good leaders, will male© a name for themselves which will do credit to the sur rounding district; Before proceeding to discuss the details, of the programme, I should like to point out the marked improve ment of tholasfc.com pared with the first perfoi foamanee;'that is so '5ir as the burnt dork department is concerned. The horrid whis pering and smudging which so materially damaged the effects of the first performance were not noticeable last Saturday night; the choruses were lar more melodious''; aud the result of frequent and careful rehearsels was distinctly visible. There is however still room for improvement in the choruses '; but, I have no doubt the sneers which have been made at" both performances will give in creased encouragement to the members, and to Mr. Dawson, the musical director, to be more assiduous—if assiduousness be want ing—in the performance of the responsible and arduous duties which he has generously undertaken tu perform. A rumour reaches itie as I write of the club's intention .uf-visit ing Moss Yale on anearly date; whiph I hope they will dov (Would it not be possible to induce the club to give an entertainment on the opening night of the new school of arts in Bowral?—Ed.) They desire to be pat ronised for two reasons ; first, because the object i,liey have in view is apraise worthy; one and, secondly, because they are a fit set of representatives of any town, and give more fun and positive enjoyment for half-a-crown tlian any amateur dramatic club I know of. Of course it is very easy for a critic to point out faux pan; but when we remember they are amateurs, and that it is only their second'performance, they certainly deserved the hearty applause and good patronage which the}'' received on Saturday night. ; I will now proceed to deal with* the pro gramme. Frat. comes an overture by the Mittagoug Brass Band, ' Maritana.' This* band played three pieces during the eveu ing's entertainment* And they certainly place another laurel in Mr. Hardy's crown forskill as a band instructor. 1 Slap Bang*' songs intro ' duced the company' to a Very happy and most appropriate selection which, with a caper or two from Tambo and Bones, Was i well received. Song, ' I ain happy since . you still lovo me, by Mr. Dawson, who al ways sings well. It is needless to say it was i well received. Song, comic, by Mr. James | Hook, alias Bones." Mr. Hook sang in his best style, and being a comic fellow scored M. comic success. ' Song. ' Fare thee well, Kitty dear,1 by Mr. J. Vile:-;, am! Mr, Cob bett'V) song, ' Sweet Annie M'oore,' were the most suitable Chrinty songs of the evening. "Both songs have very nice ch oruses . find were well siing. Mr. ■ W» Brazen all came next wi th ' !Weet Genev i eve.' Is!!'; Brh'aen al I s i u g s well, but his song was not- suitable for a vmnistrel chorus. It was well received and applauded by the audiencecomic song, ' Hen Convention,' by Mr. Cuneo, seemed j to bring down the house. Whether it was. j Mr. Cuneos5 singing or fcliemanner in which | lie saug it, or the capital way in which ho j imitated the crowing of a rooster, I am not critic enoiigh to say, hut he was cer-,| mainly, successful. Mr. W. Shepherd's song* | ' Mulligan Guards,' was also capitally ren dered. : _ ■ _ . . Eow conies the crowning point of the minstrel business—the amusing finale, ' The Ghost.' When at the end of the choruses the middleman complaiiir; of being cold and asks Tambo to close the door, but Tambo not caring to do so he cnlls upoir another, who at once says' Tambo is afraid of ghosts.' This■ accusation leads to an argument be- j tween Tambo and the other. In tlie mean- i time thfe rest of the company disperse and at length a .ghost appears. Mr. Harry Shepherd and Mr. Onneo occupied the c.hairs during the argument, and Mr. W. J. Douna.li was the ghost. Every one agrees that the piece was performed in a masterly manner. We next find Mr. Cuneo belore. the audience in soldier's costume to recite 'The sword chant of Thuivsbein Bandi.' The effect of thi3 recitation was somewhat marred in consequence of Mr. Cuneo not being able' (through an uufortunate over sight) to procure, a sword. Mr. DurhatQ now appeared and surprised the audience by singing in cnpifcal style "The Old Log Cabin in the Dell," in character. Mr. Durham was encored and .sang in reply. ' The Parson and the Clerk.' After a briel intermission we find ourselves viewing with no small amount of pleasure the laughable Ethiopian Farce, 'The Ghost in a Pawn Shop';' Mr. Cuneo took the part represent ing ' Old Percentage,' a pawn-broker and Mr. Durham a smart clerk ' ' (Toby -Nip)., The old man finds some one i3 robbing him and confides in Toby, telling him lie believe^ it is Peter, another clerk, who was well represented by Mr. Brn/.enall, Mr. A. Daw pon being the-ghost." Peter is found in the act of stealing and is killed bv a blow from the-old man who blames ib all on Toby. They bury him in the c<l ci aiil. his ghost appears to Toby, and at len^ou to the in credulous Old Percentage who sees him and is carried1 off by him along with Toby midst the confusion of; reil iire^eto.; Toby was the chief character, and. was weli car ried out by Mr. Durham, whileMiv'Cnneo made a capital pawn-broker and Mr. Daw son was all that could he wished for a. ghost. i now come to the coup (Vdat of the whole entertainment, the screamirg farce ' My Turn Next ;' this is the gist of tin piece. Mr. Taraxicum Twitters marries r ,young-widow,. Twitters being an apothe cary who is rather a .suspicious old gen v. : friend of his, a commercial traveller, Mr Tom Trap, a rather humorous fellow, call to see him, and in speaking of his marring Mr. Trap informs him he met her befor ar/Mrs. White, of .Warrick, but previous; f" this his servant one day informed him sh knew liis intended as.Mrs< Greeny of Giov .. cester. Another old friend then •,div-n?..-i. — ; —-"-rrr- ■ and in course of crnversation. in referring to his marriage Mr. Wheatear informs him k« had the pleasure of knowing the lady when she was-Mrs. Black, of Banbury. He asks Mr. tTrap if he knew what become of Mr» Green, and he informs him he disappeared-;-' one day after eating some mushroom kefc- ■ chup. Mr. Twitters at once imagines he has married a Bine Beard, and is iu con stant dread of being poisoned* but the mystery is solved after going through some long-table scones by the fact that his wife's first husband was annoyed by being in debt and consequently changed his name from the importunity of his creditors. This is only a very brief outline. There are other characters which give great tone to the farce. . The following ladies.and gentlemen took the different parts. Taraxienm Twit' ters, Mr. J. R. Mackay ; If. is needless to say Mr. Mackay was all to be desired, although I believe cabman 98 is his'forte.. Tim Bolus, Mr. W. Brazenall ; this was the professional assistant, and a right good one lie made. Tom Trap, Mr. W. E. Keetley ; this part was got up in a masterly manner by Mr. Keetley, who was got up in the best style of commercial travellers. I think Mr; Keetley must be an old amateur. Farmer Wheatear, Mr. McEoberjsa thorough, good farmer too. Mrs. Durham was Lyaia* . Twitter's wife, and a pretty little wife ahe' i made. I must certainly say Mrs. Durham' ! I:as great ability her . part was a leading one, and admirably sustained throughout/ Cicely, Lydia's niece ; this part was. very I well taken by Miss Annie Draper; this was Miss Draper's first appearance, and we.hope it will uot be tho last. Peggy, the house maid, Mr. Smith ;■ wo were again .given a 1 treat. I nov&r; saw anyone handle a part of I this land better ; and roars of laughter gene= i rally followed his pert remarks to Mr. Twit 1 fcer. I a,m sure a warm welcome will always I. be accorded him. v 