The Annual Issue of TIIE LEADER SPORTING AI3TAXA.G, Revised to date, is included in this nurnbr.J, TOGETHER WITH AN ENGRAVING entitled THE V.ILC. SPRING MEETING.— COLLINS. STREET ON THE MORNING OF A RACff DAY". This picture has been specially drawn for The Leader, and will be published as a separate supplement. Die SroRTiNv, Department of the paper will confaio an analysis of the Derby and Ytelbournc Cup, together with the probable starters and riders for each event; the ilaribyrnong Plate, and other events of the 2ieet- . Ing; and chief among the articles will be the Tips of 41 Asmodeus." The Ladies' Pace will also contain a number of Illustrations of Cup Toilettes, together with descri> tionsofthesomeby 44 Iris." zne whole will be enclosed in a COLORED WRAPPER. And will bo THE LARGEST WEEKLY NEWSPAPER EN AUSTRALIA. The Price of tho number is, a usust, SIXPENCE PER COPY. TOWN READERS can, during the currency of the Yacos obtain the country edition at the office of Ths Leader on THURSDAY MORNING ' Hgf, MELBOURNE, SATURDAY, 31st October, 1835. The thoughtful address which Dr. Cnffya delivered some weeks ago before the Health Society deserves more attention than it lias received, on account of tho novel and startling conclusions Dr. Caffyn indicates. With a great deal that the lecturer said all educated persons will agree. Lord Palmerston'b amusing dictum that "we " are all born good"' — probably a re miniscence of Rousseau — is as much opposed to orthodox science as to traditional religion. Science tells us "that just as the child is born with the " broad flat nose of the aboriginal and tho " open fontanels of the savage, so he is " born with their immoral tendencies," and that there is a perpetual tendency in the race, which is strongest in those whose constitutions are un healthy, to Teveit to the brutal type, and' he! gluttonous, sensuous, brutal or tricky. That being the case, aud-as we are more and more getting to recognise the importance of a sound mind in a sound bod', it is a little startling to be brought up by a diatribe against the Licensing Bill as an instance of "the " modern immoral tendency" to fight against the law of natural selection, " Catch the food for V the Indian " or the eagle," says Dr. Caffyn, " and they lose their keenness of vision.! Say to man " you shall not poisou your- " selves with alcohol, and you not only sa- " orifice tho benefit that the race would " derive from the dropping out of those " anxious and fools cuough to poison 1 ' themselves, but you also rob us of tha " benefits of successful struggling aud "the joy of successful victory." Let us du lllnotinitian if mflv taivu vi. uauju n tusv iMtiatiuttvu, av be granted in a moment that the civilised man.is less keen of eye, less rpiiek of scent, and habitually less fleet of foot than the Indian. Is it on that account immoral to have passed out of the-Jinnting stagis into the agricultural and manufac turing; and .is it not on the contrary the caset that man for man the white man who adejpts bush life is stronger aud better able iu every way to hold his own than the savage, and is so because of his reserve of strength inherited from generations that havo not endured the priva tions that the hunter must submit to when game is scarce ? Of course, it would not be fair to press an illustration as if itwere awargument . L etus pass on then to the assumption that intemperance drafts out the weediy and weak specimens of humanity, and' so loaves the work of per petuating the race to be carried on by men of strong wills, large brain power and vigorous constitutions. Is this consistent with facts? Taking men of intellect would itnotbeeasy to make out a list of some who held the very foremost place in their professions, men like Fox, Sheridan, Burns, Porson and Judge Maule, together with opium-eaters like Coleridge and De Quincey, who all wasted a large part of their powers by a miserable form of in dulgence, from which sound training when they were young cr a dif ficulty iu getting the poison when they were old might have kept them? Is it not notorious that many of the finest men iu the world — navvii;, "ailors and workers in every department where physical strength is required — are among those whose systems aro poisoned by alcohol/ pf course, if indulgence in drink produced sterility, there would be something to Wf for Dr. Caffyn's argument, but what really happens is that the drunkard, b> the law ofhereditv, transmits his diseased craving for alcohol, carrying it as often as not into a healthy family, and so afflicts gcneia- tions yet unborn with .dipsomania. As Dr. CaiTyn lumself says, "The inveterate ' drunkard will produce insane or cpilep- " tic children." The moderate toper sins equally against the human race in his own degree, and it will take centuries to sweeten tho world so that dipsomania or some other form of alcoholic poisoning shall not he perpetually recurring. Surely society is entitled to guard itself as it best may against this terrible calamity ; and as it cannot prevent drunkards from founding families, its natural remedy seems to be to legislate against drunkenness. Probably there is not a temperance man to be found wlio would not admit that self restraint, was far better than to have the community transformed into one vast Inebriate Asylum. 'What, temperance men contend is that considering how strongly the tendency to revert, to tlie brutal type limy assert itself, and taking into account what Dr. Caffyn omits, that " we stand or fall together, dwarfed or " God-like, bond orfree," itis wise tocomo to the help of the will by the restraints of the law. Tlie Swiss mountaineer is not less enre footed because he arranges with liis companions so that the stronger at any given moment may keep the weaker from falling. There is another curious instance in which Dr. Caffyn appears to ride a sound theory to excess. He remarks ou the in consistency of a man who understands pedigree in a pig, marrying a consumptive woman or the daughter of n drunkard, and, of course, these are extreme cases, in which we shall all admit that, marriage can hardly bo justified. When, however, Dr. Caffyn goes on to say that men rightly counselled by science "could in "a few generations produce first a per- " fectly healthy man and then as a «' sequence any form of genius he might " require," he is surely working a sound theory to death. Although health is a great factor in mental power, it is notorious that some of the most highly endowed men have been miserable invalids, aud would probably have been put to death at birth if they had been horn among savages. Pascal, Gibbon and Jlentham may serve as typical instances ; but the list could really, bo extended indefinitely. Certain qualities, which are not perhaps the highest, but which the world could not afford to miss, such as subtlety and re finement, seem even to be associated with dvlicacv of constitution : and if wc can coneeive a -Medical Commission sitting and allowing those who could pass in the . first class for health to perpetuate the race, we should probably see the world handed over in two or three generations to 6tolid barbarians with broad chests, sinewy arms, and defective eraiiial development. On tho other hand it has often happened that an ugly or sickly woman has carried intelligence into a stupid family, be cause she was married for the money which her shrewd, long-headed ancestors had got together. Tiius far, at least, there lias been constant alternation in the histories of ordinary families. Tho eon of a rich man more often than not cares only to enjoy himself, marries the first pretty face that attracts him powerfully, and loses liis faculties next. Tlie im poverished grandson makes use of liis social position to marry money with intelligence incidentally thrown in. The result is that instead of getting a superhuman type evolved, as Dr. Caffyn desires, we keep Immunity more or less at a democratic level, though each generation is on tho whole a little in advance of the one that went before. Perhaps tlie natural process is, after all, better than what our men of science would substitute. A correspondent calls attention to what he considers to be a blot on tlie national character, namely', the disproportionate patronage extended to exhibitions of physical strength as compared with that which is bestowed on mental attainments. He instances a recent case in Ballarat where a prize of S. 75 was offered for running, while the Victorian Improvement Societies' Union could only muster £3 for the best essay on Statesmanship, and he infers that physiculturc commands more than its fair share of popularity among us. At first sight the inference seems to be beyond question, and a casual study of the habits of the race appears to strengthen it, JIusclo has always had as warm a set of worshippers as lirain, and the greatest heroes of the day and men who have excited tho most unbounded en thusiasm have probably been tliose who have wou their laurels in the prizo ring or the gymnasium. Air. Gladstone in all his glory never received such an oration as Tom Sayers, and wo know that Air. John Gardiner's Parliamentary achieve ments, great as they are, occupy quite a subordinate place in the esteem of the electors of Carlton compared with liis attainments as the premier footballer in the district." It has often been remarked that Dan O'Connell owed much of his in fluence over the imagination of his countrymen to his bulking so Largely on the platform ; and it is recorded as a fact that Lord John Russell utterly failed to make any impression upon tho Devonshire hinds who came to hear him advocate re form, till Sydney Smith explained to them that be had been worn down to his di minutive size by the severity of his la bors in the popular cause. Tho time may possibly arrive' when statesmen may be chosen for tlie superior elasticity of their tbews and sinews, just as Swift tells us tbey were at the court of Lilliput, where Flimnap was made Treasurer be cause he cut the tallest caper on the tight rope. In such a case Air. Service would not have the ghost of a chanco ngainst Air. Zox, and the leading man in the next Administration would certainly be Air. Alirams. Such contingencies remind us that the subject is not one for joking, liow- CTer, and if we look nt it on its serious side we fancy we shall find that there is not so very much ground for apprehension after all.' It may be per fectly true, as our correspondent says, that a prize essayist counts for less in the market of popular applause than a prize runner or athlete, and that if llamlet "somewhat fat and scant of breath" were to appear on a fashionable cricket field to-morrow lie would not take half so much gate money as Spofforth or Bonnor. But on the other hand all the gate money that the public pours into the treasury of the Ar.C.C. at a star cricket match is a mere trifle by the side of the princely rum that ere annually token out of the public ex chequer to nay for the vast educational system of the country. The annual Edu cational Vote is really the tribute wliicjj the conntrv offers to the groat cause of 1 mental culture, while it devotes nothing whatever, save very indirectly, to the cultivation ot the popular biceps. The popular biceps is left for the people to look after, mid this is the reason why it figures so largely on the prize lists that are held out as a bait for our gymnasts and athletes. An essay on statesmanship may have its value in the scheme of things, but the .State has taken such ex cellent care if there are budding states men among us they shall not be overlooked in the race for distinction, that society does not run the slightest risk by divert - ting some of its patronage to competitors in tho lower fields of rivalry. This nt least is tho view that we prefer to take of it, rather than the pessimist one that our corrrespoiulent appears to favor. We admit that sports and pastimes possibly take up too large a share of our national life, aud we are quite satisfictl that the newspapers would gain a little in mere literary interest and dignity if tho, weekly football and cricket matches made less demand upon their spnee. But'we cannot allow that the tastes of the rising genera tion have been turned against intellectual pursuits by the passion for outdoor games of this sort. If wc take the standard of the intellectual entertainments that mostly catch the public taste, wo do not find that it is lower in quality than in communities where all work and no play is the rule of life. If wc crowd to see a wrestling match between Professor Aliller and Donald Dinnic, it is no more than the Greeks do in Ilomcr; and if the sporting calendars - carefully preserve the year in which Tim Whilller or Fisherman came first to the wiuning post, it is only another way , of com memorating our Olympiads. Professor Aliller does not compete iu our affections withShakspeare ; andthoughtheracecourse commands a belter dressed audience than the Bishop of ALelbourne or Mr. Charles Strong, it is about all that it does. Wc have no need to he cast down by the superior glitter and valne of the stakes. Ilorse racing is not without its public uses in spite of the abuses that cluster about the betting room; and it would not be difficult to argue that the improving the breed of hacks and keeping the loveable qualities of the gentle Honbynhymn before the public eye may have as much to re commend it in a moral sense as stimulat ing the growth of prize essayists by flat tering aud unwise appeals to their vanity and cupidity. A horse has been de scribed as the friend of man, but who ever felt friendly disposed towards one of the greatest bores that ever taxed the endur ance of society V 