RACING IK INDIA. A Chat with Teddy "Weekes. Br 44 Vigilant." " Tee, I ought to know a bit about India. I have been going backwards and forwards between here and there theee last fifteen years," wae Mr.Weekes' response to my invi- ration vo a cnai> on racing muiere in luc muu of rice and Rajahs. 44 1 suppose the Australian horses have little difficulty in lowering tbe .colours of tbe English bred ones ?" was my next queiy. 44 No, tbe best Australian nags can always give tbe best Englisbers a' stone and a beat ing over any distance on an Indian course. Tbe imported English horses don't seem to care about tbe bard going, and their feet soon go all to pieces." 44 Wbat about tbe remounts P" 44 Why, fire hundred and fifty rupees is not a paying price. A shipper cannot afford to sell his cattle for that sum (about forty-four pounds) according to tbe way tbey pick em in Calcutta. I don't mean to take any more over there. In future, my visits will be solely devoted to tbe importation of race horses, private backs and thoroughbred yearlings. I have an idea that, if I take the last-named out as youngsters, they will become more thoroughly acclimatised, and laet longer. No, tbe price now paid by the Indian Government for remounts is altogether too small all round, and some of tbe horses 1 have taken orer for remounts have turned out fit to wiu a Grand National Steeplechase." '» Anyhow, you get a big prioe for a race horse in India, don't yon T 14 Yes, I'll say that for tbe Rajahs ; tbey don't stick at a rupee or two wheu tbey take a fancy to a raoehoroe. I got the biggeBt price for Sting that was ever paid in India— 20,000 rupees— and jost two days before I sold him he won the fastest mile race ever run there— lmin. 43|seo.— beating Somer set. About the most costly cargo of horses that ever left these shores were Mistaken, The Ghost, Delos, Red Rover, Van Tromp, Cavalier, and others. I sold tbe first four for 86,000 rupees. 44 Yes, their mode of racing over there is very much the same ae here ; of course, there's no Flemiogton in India, but some of tbe courses are fairly good. The crowds are very different, and there is very little betting, except in the Calcutta sweeps. A couple of English bookmakers are now doing fairly good business there. I hare won all tbe big races in India witb tbe exception of tbe Viceroy's Cup, and Tom Kirk only got beaten in that event by a abort bead by one of my own importations, Blue Light, by Panic— Phantasmagoria.' ' << JTnw An tha Anatralian iockevs net on over there P" 14 like the Australian horses, tbey beat the natives and the Britishers to fite when It oomes to a finish. I took over Billy SouthoU, Alee Clarke, Harry Stratford, and others, and they have all made their mark, and are dolngwell." 44 Well, sow, Mr. Weekea, a few words about your own racing career may prove interesting to the 6poxtsk4x readers.' 44 All right, my boy. I've been racing on and off for over twenty years— I might say thirty— for when I and old — — (mention ing a well-known raolng man) were boys, we used to raoe billy-goats and bullocks. I have often taken a couple of yearlings out of the mob and ran them against each other. It most be mote than twenty years since I gave £2 for old Three Up, and won a raoe with him. Binoe then I have owned a lot of winners — Poodle, who carried 9a t. odd in tbe Newmarket, and got beaten by a head by Sultan ; Tom Kirk, Aaron, Goul- burn, who won a couple of steeplechases in one day, carrying 14st. in one, and nearly 13st. in another ; Intrepid, Palmenton, and Kate Coventry, the greatest steeplechase mare that India ever saw — she won every steeplechase she ever started -for there; PolUo, H&ta;, Bell ad rum, Hie Ghost, Trans- terroo, song, anaintue jock, tnree ot wnom I won three Adelaide Gaps with. Finished fint and third with Tbe Ghost and Trans ferred in the Caulfield Braoeleb in the biggot Held that ever etartad south of the line. No, I don't own men, clinkers now ; some yearlings by Newmineter, Neckeregat, and Glorious, a oouple of maiden mares by St, Albans, and the fillies Melodious and Fint Fop, make np my batch at present." I scarcely think it necessary to supplement Mr. Weekee' remarks with any oomment of my own, as hia sneeesses both in Australia and in India afford ample testimony both at re gards his judgment as a trader and his shrewdness « an owner, while his -repeated visits to India render hie terse remarks on ramng in that country valuable. 