Docs JJeatli Stiiis ?; Dn. GvL. Bbabdslbi*,' in, the. Medical- and Surgical Jteporteir, concludes, that tho.. dread of dying is qui to as intense. as the. instinct of self- preservation. > Indeed,,ifc is not im?. probable, adds, the doctor, _ that numbers., would; caro less about living were, the modes of leayiug. the , world: a themp. fo? happy contemplation, or an. innovation, to. the routine of.plodding that' was: agreeable.: Ono is remarkably exempt, from, the crime of hasty induction., if lie . affirms that t])pce; is no sane or, healty. mortal, who.anticipates, his extinction with any. degree.of pleaguro. The. function of dying, is absolutely, vogefca tive—we fall to.piecos like.a flower. This very, fact, that the process is chemical; eon-,, firms us in the conclusion that the final '■ throe" is as.painless as.the inconvenience is nothing to the fatal .pilgrim. when he touches one daylight. A moment's exaroina-. tioii,; of the way we are to. dio will*' show marks of- goodness in. our, 'Staking off;" The degree of, sensibility is proportioned' to the integrity of the tissues. An, in: flammation brightens, it; age. ' depre-. cates it.; Any. defect., in nutrition disturbs | tho comfort of the. individual until, the car- i bonic acid.generated, in tlie devitalization of tbo blood becomes fixed, in tho cells or is.no longer displaced. Tho sensory ganglia every where part with, their, irritability by virture of.this poison, and cease to conduct currents. The criteria of. death are being satisfied, and the process, consummated when this extinction of-, sensibility- prevails.at the ultimate.filaments. During the progress of this, dissolution of the nerve force, .this creeping on of the numbness;of death,, the individual; is rapidly passing into a con dition of repose, and instead of torture or pangs, a. degree of self-satisfaction oft approaching to. enthusiasm is realised. The. sensations peculiar to the therapeutical operation of opium, hashish, ether, &c;„ are not improbably akin to tbo mental activi ties of the dying. Barring tho hallucina tions experienced in the stupor as it gains on the subject, the moribund is familiar with nought that borders on suffering;. This carbonic acid bns poisoned or nar cotised tho several ganglia, anil rellcx pro ductions arc interdicted. A consuimnfito analgesia provails. In short, tho notion of pain is forbidden tho instant that any stimulus fails to oxcito a response. Tho condition (o this irritability is that tho norvo centre and track bo sound. If this vigour vanishes, reflex phenomena arc at ftu cud, and suffering, physiologically speaking, is impossible, because of tho arrost of tho func tion of tho symphatliotic. Fortunatoly, for a wliolosome study of one's domisc, there are assuraucos abundant, from vivisection, the testimony of those who have been res tored to consciousnoss, and tho affirmations of tho dying, that thoro is no physical rn coil from death. Burnoy tried hard to re sist tho efforts mado to resuscitate him from dro.wning, so bewitched was ho by his | prolonged slumber. Dr. Solandoi\ the traveller, was'so delighted with tho sensa tions of oxcossivo oold that h.o was tho first : to lio down in. the snow to realise thojuxury 'of such, a death. . William. Hunter- was sprry he was not ablo ta". write h.ow* oasy an,d. delightful it is to die."- Infants dio as serenely as thoy breathe, and. not a few among the advanced in years troat death as a friend, to; tlioir. infirmities. Hanging is. naturally rated, next to. crucifixion, a most distressing procedure. But it is re-, ported of those who liavo boen saved from strangulation that tho agony promised to. bq brief; and'was rapidly replaced by hallu cinations of a fascinating variety. Ouo ,would fain bolievo that tho.kind God who suffered us to fool no sigli in coming would tako no delight in turning,our farewell- into, writhing;—nay, Ho does not quit.us at the last. Ho is our greatest Bonofactor in allowing, us to.sloop out ofwearinosa, Death; •is, assuredly, no. tax collector ; its.'-'jaws" are not tho clutches of an assailant; thoro is.no '.'victory to thegravo ;>"■ tho.ghost-speeds away from, us as it - entered, with, no ruffle. :1'1iq. sense of-dpatli, as Shalcespearo. has it, is. most in. apprehension. It is tho fear of the lonoly uight^not the.throes of nature, that makes tho leaving painful. 