ST. PAUL'S PRO-CATHEDRAL. I 9-? Services were conducted yesterday for the last time in St Paul's Pro- Cathedral, which is to be immediately pulled down, in order that its site may be utilised for the new cathedral building now in course of erection in the morning the services were conducted by the Rev. Canon Chase, who was the first incumbent of St. Paul's, and in the evening by the Very Rev. Dean Macartney Canon CHASE took as theme of his sermon part of the 21st A erie of the 10th chap- ter of the First Epistle to the Corinthians " Do all to the glory of God," and said the children of men were busy people. Much labour was done in one life, and many acts in a single generation, which it was probably thought were well done It was easy enough to do a thousand things badly, but to do one thing well required wisdoM. Wise Christian men had certain guiding principles to act upon the first being to do all to the glory of God. Another was to acknowledge God as the fountain of all wisdom, of holy desires, of good counsels, and of just works The third guiding principle was that their purpose was to be established by counsel, and the fourth was that in the multitude of counsellors there was safety. The building of a cathedral on the site of the church he was preaching in was a great work, and one that had to be undertaken with great care. Men's care for the house of God ought to be great, for great w us their care for their houses of parliament courts of justice, then civic halls, and their warehouses and stores and it would not be to the glory of God to walk through the city and suburbs and see great places all around excepting only the house for God. The building of a cathedral should mark men's regard for the Musters words, "Seek ye first the house of God Of course in the erection of a cathedral, regard must be had to the spiritual Uses of it, and a place must therefore be chosen accessible both to the residents of the suburbs and the country, and for that reason the present site was chosen. He was bound to say that in the selection of that site, the finest principles had been followed The bishop and clergy and Kity had sought the glory of God and had taken Earnest t Houses together on the divine warrant that in the multitude of counsel there was safety By the grandeur of the edifice to be artete 1 they sought the glory of God, and by securing ready access to it the spiritual benefit of those who would come within its walls. By placing it also at the entrance of the city, and within a short distance of the heart and centre of it, the ornamentation of the metropolis with a house of God would be sufficiently secured One most vital objection, however, to the use of the St Pauls reserve for a cathedral was manifest-it involved the destruction of the existing sacred building. He mourned to think it was so he had loyally submitted to authority, and find ungrudgingly given his subscription towards the new cathedral, but in private he mourned over the matter, and could scarcely be comforted From the first it was determined to erect St. Paul's Church in such manner that their children s children might worship in it for generations, and none surmised that the first incumbent would see its destruction If he were even now to give way to sentiment, he would deprecate the laying hands on a single stone of it. There was nothing paltry about it and it was bull t so well that it might last for 1,000 years and then be little the worse £10,000, indeed, would not repay the outlay there had been on it. It might, perhaps, have been in some respects more useful than a stately cathedral, and he had vainly hoped that the sacrifice of it would have been altogether unnecessary Only worse £10,00 yards from that pulpit, and in that parish, Providence had given a site worthy of a cathedral, from which the country to the south of the Yarra and the crowd of ships down to the bay could have been observed, and if he ever deplored not having a few thousands of pounds to give away it was when he could not purchase that site for a cathedral The building they were at present in must, however, come down, another might be erected in its place, and the congregation must be com- Ported as another and a grander one was to be built for them Pulling down the church however, seemed like the havee made with Prince's bridge He was present with bands of rejoicing men and women at the opening of that bridge, and now not one stone of no remained upon another The city indeed had outgrown the provisions made for it in its earlier days and destruction of existing buildings in the centre of it must now be expected it There was now the first town hall? been also that noble church which stood between Prince's bridge and the Town hall would be taken away as they had been All old things were to be forgotten in the glory of the new Consolation for those who had in the earlier days tried to do good might however, be found in the change for the better. 'The Church was about to destroy the building his bearers were in but it was with pious intentions to give them a better Out of loss came forthwith gain Even the Master died that He might rise again, and all His Church with Him "Away with Him, the people cried, and though they knew it not, His death was for the glory of God What was to happen to that church must also happen to those he was addressing, and he earnestly besought them to be prepared for it, and so humble, so that hereafter they might be easily 1 In the evening the ordinary church services were read by the Rev. Dr Bromby, and the Very Rev. Dean Macartney preached from the 22nd Corinthians, 1st verse-" This is the house of the Lord God The compared the present position of the congregation of St Paul s to that of the Children of Israel when they had to give up the tabernacle for the Temple, and reminded all who were pre- Bent that they should so order their lives that their bodies might be temples be for the Holy Ghost to dwell in 'times, he said, changed, churches changed, and old associations passe 1 away, and they who had gathered together under their venerable minister must separate for a time, at least, from his kindly care and earnest watchfulness and atlee tion, but they should pray that Christ might dwell with them and in them 'There was a large attendance at the morning service, and in the evening the building was thoroughly crowded in every part. 