SHORTHORNS. (Prom the Mark-lane ExprasA For some years past there have been plain things said about Shorthorns in this column : naturally they have not been very well received in certain quarters, bat they havs wen was, ana no one nas really attempted to refutethem. But we have atood practically alone in denouncing the follies and exposing the -weaknesses of a system of breeding which, as we believe, has tended not only to prevent the improvement of the animal a and to hinder the progress of the breed, but also to cause aotual degeneration in the herds, which should at this present be able to supply the best possible Shorthorns. Rarely has a word been said in the same direction by any other agricultural paper, and when any mild remonstrance has been made in recent times, it has always been with some thing savouring of apology to their highnesses he 'fanciers, at whose door lies all the ..ischief. On the other side of the Atlantic, aowever, now and again some plain truths *bout Shorthorns and Shorthorn breeding have got into print, but most of the live stock papers in the United States are more or less partisans of the Shorthorn, and it is so rare to find anything of the kind that we are glad to note a speech recently, delivered by Mr. F. D. Coburn, of the Kansas City Live stock Indicator, before the Kansas State Shorthorn Breeders' Association at Topeka, in which that gentleman— who is himself a breeder of Shorthorns — tells his fellow breeders some very plain truths indeed. All that he has said we have said in effect, and much of it almost word for word, so that we hail Mr. Coburn as a fellow-worker in a good cause. After calling attention to the prices now being realized for pedigree Shorthorns in the United States as compared with other breeds of stud stock, Mr. Cobnrn says : — ' I believe in Shorthorns ; to do this it is in no wise necessary for me to argue that they are the best in the world or the only cattle worth Laving ; but. as their friend I am disgusted to see them, so far as selling prices are concerned, skulking at the tail end of the great cattle procession, when they ought to be right up in the fore front. What is the matter? If not too 'odious,' let us for a enquire if, what for want of a better word 1 will call the present plight of Shorthorns may not be due in large degree to fashion, or we will say an over-estimate of minor ssentials or perhaps non-essentials? Is it no possible that, especially during these later years, when the opportunities for im provement and progress nave been so great that Shorthorn breeders have been wildly giaspirjg at a shadow, a reminiscence, and neglecting the solid substance, while their ambitious, tireless rivals have been paying next to no attention to any qualities except such as are tangible to those final arbiters, the close-observing feeder, the close-figuring butcher, and the critical consumer, with all ot whom fashion, and family, and red colour count as next to nothing ? Is it not possible that while you have been paying your money for length of pedigree they have been paying theirs for thickness of carcase ; that while you have worked for a fine head, horn, and tail, they have worked for better .filled crops ; that while you have sought for slre8 high up among the 'nobility,' they have selected those low down and near the ground ; that while you have been dreaming of blood, that should be esteemed good only in proportion bs it was thick with Bates, or Booth, or Cruickshank, they have worked for meat, meat, meat ? That while you, with so many advantages, have represented in the raae the over-confident hare, the other fellows have, like the determined, sure, but slow-going tortoise, paesed under the wire and saptured first money? In fact there is a strong suspicion abroad that for, lo, these many years a considerable share of those interested in Shorthorns have been contending for the supremacy of this or that tribe or family ; for the paramount value of Borne remote cross, or the importance of some certain colour, to the neglect of vastly more important features : and in the mean time owners of other less-known breeds have utilized, and most successfully, every means within reach to make their animals equal or surpass their models— the best Shorthorns.' With the tenor of Mr. Coburn's address we, of course, agree; but we fail to see why Shorthorns in the United States should necessarily or rightfully be at '' the head of the procession,' nor do we believe that the ' best Shorthorns afford 'models' for the breeders of other races to work up to. The other pure breeds afford mofiels of excellence of one kind and another which no Short horn has yet been able to supplant; the Herefords, Devons, and Scots have all of them qualities to which the Shorthorns cannot reasonably pretend, so that to call the Short horn the 'model' for all other breeds is simply tall talk. But passing this by, we have the fact of a Shorthorn breeder in the United States telling his fellows that the Shorthorn breeding practised during many past years has been altogether wrong, and the results which he particularizes are such as arise out of want of actual and tangible merit. This is true, and we contend that the Shorthorn of to-day is neither bigger nor better than the Shorthorn of twenty years ago, whereas if the breeders of Shorthorns had been working intelligently for improve ment pure and simple the Shorthorn of to day would have been as good as it could.be made. Mr. Coburn appeals to recent successes of other breeds in the showyards of the United States to prove that there must be ' some thing wrong' with Shorthorns and Short horn breeding. He says :— ' It seems to me that unleBS something was wrong, the decendants of the proud Lords and Ladies and Dukes and Duchesses should not have seen their colours trailed in the dust four times in succession by the little black muley, Bride 3rd of Blairsninncch, at the Kansas City Fat Stock Show of 1884. If it is replied that she wbb far-fetched for the purpose and dearly bought. I would suggest that she lacked much of being the best her owner had in his little herd, and was one of a lot he imported to breed from, with no thought of ever showing her, and that as she failed to breed after being nearly starved for that purpose, she was shown and won as best alive and best when dressed on a consump of grain amounting to lees than 900 pounds. It seems to me, if all was well with Short horns, the §100 gold medal for the beBt beef animal of any age, sex, or breed, at Kansas City, last fall, should not have gone to the little half-Hereford half-Angus heifer from Indiana, born and raised under such unfavourable conditions as she was— a heifer never considered at first as being noticeable except for neatness of contour and diminutive size, and merely the oflspring from the accidental coupling of an Angus yearling bull with a Hereford heifer of the same age. Where, oh where, at this time, was Canada's Pride, the mammoth cow that Bow Park, endowed with §400,000 of British gold, had bursted itself to produce ? She was in the ring in all her obesity and blubber, and with all the prestige that a Chicago prize and a molasses diet could give, but it was not enough for that time of emergency. Where was she 1 She was left to win a prize in another ring, which she did in good style, for it was where she had no competition. If the Shorthorns Btand pre eminent and are practically unrivalled, why, may I ask, did a GallowAy steer, one of the only half-dozen in America, beat the field in the dressed carcass class of three year-olds slaughtered last month at New Orleans, competing with the best that such professionals aa Potts of Illinois and Benick of Kentucky could bring? Again, why did this same shaggy Doddie later triumph over all, from far and near, of whatever name or Bex, or age or breed, as the sweepstakes dressed carcass at this world-participating Exposition? It would not be difficult to multiply instances of this sort, but perhaps I have mentioned enough to suggest that there are now, if there nave not been before, other Bichmonds in the field ; that the days are fast slipping by when being a Duchess, a Barrington, a Cracys, a Young Mary, or a Princess, and red, will alone make your cattle and their descendants bring remunera tive prices. Something more substantial, something emphatically tangible to touch and to Bight will be necessary, and those who are promptest to give this practical intelligent recognition will be the ones to succeed.' We take it that the times have practically gone by when the influence of the Shorthorn interest was so strong that no other animal could ever win when in direct competition, and that Shorthorns are now being judged more on their merits than they have ever been before. That is why they do not win so often as they used to do. If fairly judged, we fail to see how Shorthorns, as a breed of cattle, can ever be made to contend success fully as beef animals with such breeds as the Highland Scots, the Herefords, the Devons, or the Polled Scots, without destroying their reasonable pretensions to be milch cattle. And, on the other band, as milch cattle they certainly cannot compete successfully with the Channel Islands and the Ayrshire breeds. But the Shorthorn can be bred to give both meat and milk to an extent which has necer been equalled in a general way by any other breed of cattle, and this circumstance, to gether with the great adaptability of the Dreed to being bred and reared and fed out on arable farms, makes it one of great econo nomic value in this country. We can quite believe it to be possible, and even probable, that either one of our beef breeds could sur pass the Shorthorn in usefulness in the grazing and coin- feeding districts of the United States ; bat here in England we be lieve that the Shorthorn, if simply bred for utility, would fill a place from which no other breed of cattle could dislodge it, and that here it will be the breed of the future. Look ing to the changes which are going on in the agriculture of this country, it seems beyond a doubt that farmers will have to attend more to dairy produce and to rear their own stores, so that each farm will be more selfsupport ing than it is now; in other words, there will be more growers and fewer- handlers of cattle. K this prove to be bo, we believe that there is no breed of cattle which can bo completely fill the bill aa the Shorthorns. The other pure breeds will doubtless hold their own in their respected districts, but wherever tha plough can go the Shorthorn can follow, and the milk-pail can follow the Shorthorn with out fear of being sent empty away. What we seem to want at this particular juncture is that this merit of producing meat and milk to a profit should be recognised in a practical manner in the Showyards of our leading Agricultural Societies. As it is now, a Shorthorn has not the ghost of a chance to win unless it is what a Shorthorn should not be. The fanciers' mania ha3 been fairly knocked on the head and is practically dead, but our pernicious Show system remains with almost all its abuses in full blossom, aad until a very drastic reform is worked out, from the Eoyal downwards, the Shorthorn is likely to remain as it is now— an animal which might be made a great deal better than it is. ' 