Paris Letter. PARIS, JANUAKY 10. THE more rumor, that England was fitting out fresh squadrons, for a cruise somewhere about the Baltic, created a most excellent impression. People felt, that England was becoming herself again ; that the period of hesitating evasions, and humiliations, had given way to action; that Bismarck s dicta ture of Europe, was about being challenged, and his boasted alliances and coalitions, put to the test. Opinion was curious to know, how many of the powers would march through Coventry with him. However, the satisfactory change in the foreign policy of England, turns out not to be true ; it will still remain, neither iisli, nor llesh, nor good red herring. It is accepted as a matter of course that the English Cabinethas a secret understand ing with Italy, Russia, and Turkey. Henco the desire to know, what Bismarck would do, in ease ail English squadron kept patrolling off German ports, beyond the range of fort ress guns and torpedoes,but sufficiently close, to inflict mosquito stings on German mer chant vessels, and such representatives of tho navy, as might run the risk of boing lost to sight. _ .... However, it is considered certain 111 well informed circles here, that England cannot much longer but up with the systematic snubs of the Chancellor, and his studied re solve to bond Britannia even to his will. Bismarck is tho impersonation of tho German ; wlion lowly, lie is as humblo and erring as man can bo : when he becomes pitchforked to a summit, nothing can exceed his insolcnco and dominating spirit. A slap from England, would make Germany con sider her ways and bo wise. Slip would not be able to mako a war-coalition against England. Austria would not follow her in that direction, despite all the theatrical meetings of two or three Emperors. Eng land could let loose Italy on the _ flank of Austria, and, since everything is fair in war, Bnssia might have somo frontiers to rectify. Tho Slav spectro could be turned to account. Oilier elements that England might count upon ; troops from Egypt, and corps d' armee from British India. Then Alsatians, might chant, " the happy morn is come." Franco would do tho rest. The successes of the French in Tonquin, and the increase of their forces, may likely load to tho campaign boing tried through tho Yunan up to Canton. That province would bo a better " gage " for French demands of indomnity, than Formosa-beautiful, only in name, but now considorad after prospecting to bo relatively sterile. England it js said would occupy the teland of Hainan in the event of tho French settling permanently in tho Yunan. Tho war with China continues not tho less to bo disliked ; only the opposti t-ion press denounco all thcHO expeditions nnd colonial manias, as minons for l'ranco. They have one, unchanging objective ; con centrate tho strength of tho country at home; keep an Argus look, Rhiiienards ; liavo no eniMnno iiiiamifloi'sfnufliiiy with England, Olid endeavour to ueup a uvia u« «uo luiuiyu markets. Nothing so useful for organizing a riot, or getting up a revolution, as a corpse. Tho exhibition of tlireo dead bodies, shot down in tho February 18-18 out-break, and paraded along tho Boulevards, compolled Louis Phillippo to change his name to Mr. Smith, and embark for England. Baudin, cast Napoleon the III. his crown-never at any timo fixed lirmly on his head. Tho inter ment of Louise Michel's mamma, aged 78, was a verilablo good chnnco for the Anar chists. They came out as strong as they could in tho funoral procession ; with red banner, and Phrygian cap on tho stall'-- in stead of an eaglo. They wore tho real Peep o.Day boys. Their programme _ does not mince matters ; it plainly and simply de mands, tho demolitition of society^ find the re-erection of-nothing, 011 the site. The 10,000 followers of tho hearse, happily did not como into collision with llio police, due to tho forbcaranco of the latter. ^ Hence, all passed off quietly. I ire toitti'c tif ' whs the chief hurrah ; one little girl had her ears boxed, for exclaiming nitman-liir, instond of iniiiivhin, The procession demonstrated there uncomfortable truths ; that neither L'oehefort nor Clomenceau, had tho slightest indiuonce on the crowd, and that the auda city of tho most dangerous nature in case of a political outbreak, or twenty lour hours chaos in Paris. Louise Michel herself is certified as being at last " perfectly " insane. It is tho purso of Koclicfort that supported her aged mother. Many think tho Government committed a blunder in not setting Louiso at liberty 011 New Year's Day. However, tlioro is much to bo said in favor of upholding tho law, by keeping her under lock and key. _ £be has for prison neighbor, Madame Clovis Hugues, ? and like Princo Krapotkino, has all tho comforts of a homo in goal. Thousands at liberty, would gladly exchange situations with these loading anarchists. Franco does not. display any marked " hostility to tho rumored occupation of Trip olitania by Italy. Tho climato suits Italians who llorisli in Algeria, where tho French fail. It is not tho loss a chock move for the domination of Franco over all North Africa, As for Egypt, it is now sot down as a mat tor of course, that England must clear out, and allow tho Internationalists to succeed her. But will sho ? And if she does not, what nations arc rondy to shell her out.' A moro marked political demonstration at tho late rcsidonco of GambetU, consisted in the visit of his Belleville electors-those who romainod faithful among tho unfaith ful/. It was very impressive, as tho voters wore accompanied by their wives and chil dren, Luther observed, " I envy tho dead becauso tlioy repose,l: Paul Bert, at the ceremony in question, laid down, that Gam botta could not repose-oven dead, ho must go about, his gonius doing good. Tho Girt did a dead march 011 horseback and to ad vantage. M. Paul Dolorondo, who rcpre ' sonls tho Alsace aspirations of I'Yaneo, afiirmod, that tho uinno of Giuubetta, tho restoration of Alsaco, woro syniii,ymous with patriotism ; he deplored tho resignation of General Camperron ns"\Var Minister, whoso policy was, not to send Frenchmen to die in tho swamps of Tonquin, and by the bullets of the Celestials, or Malagas,vs, but to re servo there precious lives-for the honor able ambition that the whirligig of time, German cupidity and its domineering spirit, will doubtless bring about, for his country. The exhibition of 1889 Commissioners are saicl to havo succeeded in obtaining an ex change of the Champ dc Mars, for another military parading ground. This moans that the coining exhibition building will be a fix ture, and hence, more artistical-a thing of beauty and a joy for ever. The Municipal Council of Paris will also have the right to buy in the structure on the conclusion of the exhibition, by setting off against Hie price, its stipulated share ol liability with the Government, in case of the big Show not proving a pecuniary success. It may be concluded the struciuro will ultimately be devoted to a real Winter Garden for Parisians. Have the tower, whose top is to reach the heavens, there appears to bo^ yet no practical preparations for the 1880 Fair; stranger still, not the ghost of a project has launched by the "promoters" of such affairs. The tower will be in iron and 08-1 leot high, or three times more elevated than the Pantheon, and. double that of the Cologne Cathedral. From its summit, a view will bo obtainable for 70 miles round ; that is to | say, Amicus will bo visible, and also the j half-way houses to Mote, so that it will bo difficult for the Parisians to Bteal a march on tho Athenians. In tho case of Cologne Cathedral, tho force of storio piling could no further go ; the tower in question will have its basement arch, as high as tho tower of Notro Panic ; thou tho remainder of tho structure will sweep upwards in lattico work to a light-houso kind of a sum mit. The basement storey will bo devoted to a factory for tho production of electricity, of conrso tlioro will bo lifts, as no sovon leaguo boots could tramp to such a height. The whole is destined to bo a tribute to Civil Engineering and a memento of the greatest of modern totes of industry. The Italian Opera hero has proved a pecuniary failure. Tho wonder would havo been, had it turned out a success._ M. Mausel calls upon tho shareholders, either to subscribe now capital, or wind up tho speculation ; he has sunk 900,000 frs. of his own money; has worked and sang literally for nothing ; tho cholera was next, to a roup tie iji'iit-r for tho establishment; some " stars " shot from their spheres, and a fow broke their engagements-among whom figuro Patti. Ho may obtain a judgment against tho latter ; but as slio has no. property in Franco, ho can only seize her salary, in case she ever camo to sing in Paris. M. Ulbach, in a recent trip to Toledo, visited tho factory where tho colobratod sword blades are manufactured. Ho wit nessed tho process of converting nn ordin ary bar of iron into stool, then into a famous blade. The latter was so flexible as to bo wound up like a watch spring, or coiled, to go into a hat box ; when struck on an anvil tho edge never bocamo blunt. It is from this factory tho Spanish cavalry aro sup 1 Wiuil IMU1L ttNYUi'Cy. IIo»o>v4. , iiv bought a pocket knife, reputed to bo mado of the samo steel; ho lent it to kill a hen, at a hotel whore lie put up, and tho blade was returned to him hacked liko a saw. _ It was a hint to preserve a splendidly damasked carving knife which ho also bought for cutting-paper. Madrid is built on tho Mancanarez, a stream. Dumas I. one evening foil ill at a bull Jight; he was servod with a goblet of wator from the river, which ho gratefully refused not wish ing to diminish its volumo. Now Yoar's Day was very rife with sui cides ; two woro singular; ono gentleman drovo up to tho St. Lazavo railway ter minus, and on cabby alighting to open tho door for tho " faro," drew forth, not a purso from his pocket, but a revolver, and shot hiinsolf dead. Tho other was that of a rich tradesmen,, who padded tho window and door of tho clothes closot to drown tho re port of tho revolver; when the servant went in searchof'him, ho was bathed in his blood, surrounded by all tho toys and other presents ho had purchased for his family and friends. Tho population of Para and tho suburbs is about 2-A- millions ; of this total, ni per cent aro indigouts. Tho nninbor of females on the Poor's List is double that of males, beciinso as tho report states, women arc loss squeamish than men, in demanding charity ; besides, they lind it moro difficult to lind employment. Paris, liko other capitals, helps tho needy, irrespective of nationality. Tho Germans top tho list in tho enjoyment of this hospitality. Of 1000 foreigners applying for rolicf, '107 woro Tuotons-their keep ought to bo icirnbursod out of the live milliards. There wore only 10 English, but no Americans or Turks. Of tho necessitous of all classes, chiefly re lieved at their residences, tho latter to tho extont of 01 per cent, aro only garrets with ono " bed." All professions aro ropresontod in this misery. Some are men of talent in decline, others young fiHrroli'iirx on (Ito road to fame-for gonious, liko medlars, appears to ripen best on straw. Lovers of niannahulo will be interested in knowing that the compound is now made of banana skins in Philadelphia. An enterpris ing Italian in that city has opened a factory,, and employs a largo number of youths of h is own nationality in gathering lutnana peels from tho gutters and carrying them to the factory, where presumptivoly after boing washed, they aro ground, cooked with sugar and llavouring.and emerge as marmalade, Justice Molo8worth's(Vio) decision "that a man may be a vagrant, and without lawful visible ineansof support, in spiteof his having nionoy in the bank has cast a bombshell among tho rank of "spiolors." Hitherto tho lii'st move of a man who has made a haul is to ! lodge tho cash which tho fraud has brought him in a bank. As a general rule, tho de frauded people do not euro to prosecute, and tho polico have only to clinrgohirn with vag rancy. To this chargo tho magistrates havo held tho possession of money a sutl'icient an swer. Now Mr. Justice Molosworth says," Not if tho money be the proceeds of eriino or immorality. .Moth tho magistrates and vag rant are con founded,but tho public nro pleas ed,and look for clearer stroot-< and fowor rob beries. 