CHVBCE ASSEMBLY OF BAL- LARAT. The firstsession of the fourth Church Aesenbly mi opened Yesterday. Hoi? communion was admlnisteri d ia the pro-cathedral at twelve noon i o a Ia:ge number of the clergy and laity, and a collection in aid of the Ccmdah Aborigines' Mbsion Fund was taken np As the deck stiuck four the president of the assembly (which was held in the City Ha]:) took his seat. There were present the following members-Clergy—Ths Sera. W. H. Adeney, C. G. AUmby, J. C. P. Allnct", J. W. Arnold, J. A. Baker, J. A. Bill, H. H Barren, Ven. P. T. Beamish, D.D, Bev. C. Campbell, B A.; Ten. H. E Cooper, M A ; Bevs K. '. Cummins, K H. Du Bo!s, J. F. Dewburst, H. Fnttr. J Gi ver, C. Harris, B J. E. Havmsn, W p Howell; V.:n. Archdeacon C. Julius. M. -..;Rev. H. Kendal), J Lswis.J. H. Mecfarlane, B. A.; J. E. May, MA.; B. J. Mercer, H. C E. Morris, 8 51 Me rge, 3. onyons S. p. Badcliffe. B.4.;C L H Ropp, W. Mrinbuin, J. Waeg, B.A , S. Walter W. Wilkinson, J. L Winn. Lsy representatTCi—Messrs B A. Armstrotg, W. B. Birnsrd, C. Beal, B. H. Bland, H. Brind, D. P. Buchanan, H. Ti Cane, L Clarke, F. M. Clsxton, F C Dowes. J. F.v, O. J. Jones, W. Lakeland, A. M'Vitty. J. C Mollay. C. Kapler,T. E. Ochiltree, J. Orr H. H. P<"»ke, J. Richardson, W. Robertson, J. Btb on, E. B. Ryall, C. W. Sherari, J. B. Trevor. T. A. LtbWott,E. J Webb, and Hon. Hemy Cuthbe't. WELCOM 2 TO THE BISHOP OF BlVERISA.—On llie Ten. Arc-jdeicon Cooper's motion it was resolved that the asi-embly sh-juld send a telegram to ths Bishop of Bive:in3, welcoming him oa his arrival in Melbourne. PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS —The president delivered bis i enteral address as follows:—"B.'eihren In the lai h of J=sua Christ, clergy, and lay representatives, dnly gathered for di.cessan assembly, in accordance with church o.der, and bp express auction of the Soveeeign and ths Parliament of this col-ny, piece and benediction to you all. God tie Father send ns now prosperity, God the Son grant ns His peace, God ths Spirit enlighten oar understandings, and hallow every thought and purp jse of our hearts O, Holy, Blessed, and Glorious Tlniiy. rvr one God, draw near to as assembled inTbynime abide in the midst of us, neither forsake nor for a moment leave ns; and may the aim and issue of enr every word and work, done end cpokeDas-in Tby presence, be the greater glory of 1 hy holy name, in the true advancement of Thy Church in this land, and the hastening of Thy kingdom npon the eirth. Fellow churchtte-i, I have sounded a lofty note. Pray and labor that the music of our session may never sink into a 1 .wer key. As this week's assembly seems likely to be the lsrgest we have ever held, so may it prove m; morable as well for its spiritual tone, as for the wisdom ann practical value of all the bnsi. ne>e done; and may the experience of not a few of ns i e that • f an aid bishop of Verona—'To me, verily, no day is wont to bs more pleasant than the day of cbnrch assembly (dt>f Siniodi); no day, which amid multicudiiois troubles' mora comforts and recreates r y soul' Time of meeting—Experience po.n.p to ths estly part of the year as, on the whole, Che best season for a sessioa; and this may, I think, be reckoned upon in future as car general rule. It se*m- ur,d-s:r tM.- to meet in Lent, yet the year's statistic? should b > in the hands of the Assembly, as ft se-*ms very difficult to get them completed even by March They are ready, however, sooner now than formerly, and s still farther endeavor after promptr.8>s In sending their returns on the part of clergy and parish officers may make it possible, another year, to have them ready against ths week before Ash Wednesday. Mem. bets' Boll — We have lost three clergy since last session. One by death—a death somewhat swift and unexpected, bat humbly confident and r aceful I refrr to the Rev. C. J. M'Cormick, A., o: Aiarat, one of most estimable and devoted ministers—the seventh in the nine years of our diocesan history to pass from the service of the omer s<ncttury 'oilhinthe veil.' Who will be the eighth ? G'-d, of His mercy, keep as all in readiness! T e oth r=, the Bev. J. H. L. Zillman and the Rev 8. Gilmer, have left the diocese. Ten additional clergy have joined (or re-joined) it daring the year; and if another, whom I confidently expect, arrive, ard five whom I have accpp!ea for orders receive them, oar ministerial staff, already larger tban !n any previous yeir, will, in the course of this, be raised to fifty-two I had hoped for yet b;!t r figures, but the additions I &nti;lpa ed from England, with only two exceptions, were persuaded after all to decline my invitation. The exceptions are, the Bev. W W. Clark, of Nbir, and the Ten. Archdeacon Jaliup. (Applause). The B v. SSsnley Mercer, M.A., is another most welcome arrival from home, but on the archdeacon's invitation, not my own. Of lay members of assemlby we "have Tost four. Mr c. B. Lyon bes been for years the representative —always most xvelcjme to this house—for Ballan, but he no longer lives there, and bes resigned his seat; and Mr Biake has, I am told, recently been elected. Two other vacancies have cccnrred, tbrrugh the decease of members' whose names will nrt easily be forgotten, or tb9 breach which tb ir removal makes repaired. At our last session Mr Cha les Sladen lay on a tel of sickness, from whicb he never rose There is no n«ed that I shi-.nlri recite the merits of a churchman whose loss was dep'orcd in every corner of this colony, and beyond it. A sore single-eyed and patriotic stutecmin, a more honorable and beneficent V c:orlan ho^i^ty never lost. His services to this dtoces^ in helping to gnide its legislation, recroit- inc its resources, and otherwise advancing cbnrch v. rk, were unfailing, laborious, invaluable. The place of t! Hobert Lewis, too, is vacant, and the gap could on'y be fiilcdby a prominent citizen who, to the fervid heartiness of a trae Welshman, and to deep and unimpeachable yet nmsiuming piety, should add a osoay radiance of face and temper, and an unfailing and disinterested readiness for every good word and wotk. Our fourth loss only came to-day. It is too great and new a grief for me to eclargij upon it. £ix places unrepresented last year contribute members now; and the cumber cf lay representatives—larger than in any other year—vbghtly exceeds that of the clergy. For the first time there is hardly a vacant seat, and the assembly now numbers about 100 members. Unquestionably, the existence of a full and strong assembly, and attendance At its brief bnt important sessions on tbe part of all its members, are matters of mncb cosr-i-quence to the entire diocese. Public events—Well aware that its members are cot gathered without difficulty to this assembly, and may claim to h*ve their time scrupulously economised lor practical and pressing work, I yet devote a few instants to s Bwift review of public occurrences which give a special color to the time at which we meet. An instance cf gross and dlsastrons neplie-nce in tbe Imperial administration of ths P-ciflc. and a catastrophe in Egypt resulting directly trom the infatuation or incompetence of the Br)ti«h Government, have cot a little discredited, throughout th« Empire, the policy of that brilliant bat errstie statesman who has presided—latterly with unfortunate conseqnencss—over the management r,f its affair". Through the shortsightedness of tbe Colonial ( ffise,ft may prove too late now to secure the chief A ustralasian islanda for British Australasia—in object with whicb, as we believe, the peace of this pare of the world and the healthy progress of these vast colonies are inseparably bound sp But tbe hero of Khartoum will not have been betray«d to death in vain. Taclllation is henceforth Impossible In British action with regard to Egyot, and the snsercession of Turkish infinence.in Africa at any rate, by the strong, pure, and enlightened domination of a Christian empress, to tbe benediction of millions of down-trodden peasants and grossing siavas, shall, by God's blessing, be more or less i-peedy if tbe indirect outcome of present complications. Ooe word more on this bead. God shield and bless tbe Australian soldiers (Sppl-iiise.) Australian rivalry with the mothercountry in the cricket field endB not inappropriately in brotherhood in arms against her enemies. That Australians will make splendid soldiers I, for one, eateitaio not the faintest donbt. Lamentable as tbe occasion is, it is worthy of the sacrifice we are offering to make, and our strong dlfl5 :nl:, yet noble, errand. (Applanse). They sail to-day. Tbe God of battles make th6ir weapons of -war the instruments of seeming an honorable, an early, and a lasting peace. Civil Affairs- Apart lrom outdde troubles, our coloay is tranquil, and not aaproaperous. The yield of gold has increased, the harvest has not failed ns, and tbe population anl wealth of the country bave been very considerably augmented, notwithstanding that Victoria. alone of the Australasian colonies, spends nothing In immigration, and that her protective duties do not Increase her Customs revenue, which, it Is suggestive to learn, was last year scarcely la'gtr than free.trading New Sonth Wales. Our new Governor seems in favor everywhere; and the much.-.eeded reforms effected In •civil etrvice and railway administration appear to command Ibe approval of the community. The tnarrlag* late has greatly improved—generally a best-by symptom-but it is far below that of New South Wa'ai and Sonth Australia; and onr birth rate, strange to say, was never so low as in the last returns quoted The level of social purity is very far from what ft ought to be amongst as; but figures appear to show cfaat immorality in the marriage relation is less rife in Victoria than in most parts of Australia, and much less than in Great Britain; and there Bstms reason to bel'eve that there is less serious cime among us than in any other Anatralasian colony. These featsres of oar c'vll life ebonld inspire not self-compla-smcy. indeed, but thankfulness, andbtpefnl tbOEghtsabouttbefuture of onr conn ry Of its numerical importance hereafter there c>n be bat little doabt, onr statist's forec^ts leading ns to expect in another thirty jetrs a diocese of a million and a half of souls, and a Bills rat cf 200,000. Under tbe present bead it sf-ems tight to refer to a question lately agitated, which connects civil arrangements with religious principle?,—I allude to Sunday trains. I cannot a.reewitb tbe president of tbe Methodist conference, that secularists and atheists must 'come to ns,' and ask 'our'permlstion to do what Ibeywill on fennday, and that' we' have a right to say how it shall be ob-.erved. I think such Ijnguage regrettable; n-r do 1 find acyt' ' ' " n-tetance* of oar Saviour bath questions. On tre divine institution and inestimable value of the weekly rest day, Protestant Cnristlans are, in the main, agreed, and the guarding of it by lawatddvll regulations la probably n'cessary to its conservation for all; buttowhat extent this cab be pnsbed In detail, wl bin tbe limits of fairness and wisdom, especially in a mixed community, is a question that is not to be settled off- hand. I conld not myself • Ign a petition recently circulated by the Lord's Day Observance Society, lasing it down thst 'strictly necessary purposes' alone jistify xonday labor, and demanofng tbat no Sanday trains be ran on other than suburban lines. With te claim tbat such trains should be restricted to a minimum, and the employes have alternate Sundays fr-e, I am in entire sympathy; but tbe condemnation in the name of onr religion of all bnt •strictly necesaary' labor on Sunday involves, I think, an unwarranted vexation and snare to bnman consciences, and I could never concur in demanding in the name of tbe Christian Church, the interdiction. altogether and npon any terms (on all railways, except those most likely to be needless need, viz.. suburban), of tbe use of a modern Improvement Affording so incalculable a boon in tbe frequent emeigendes of social life as tlia public railway. Observation and rtfi action, indesd. long •go altered my own views as to the duty of opposing tbe opening of pnbllc libraries and museums for a portion of the Lord's Bay; and while keenly alive to the need of caution In re* saving breakwaters erected by the pious wisdom of «ur forefathers against an ever- sncroacblng sea, I fed tenderly jealous of compromising the blessed faith with which the church la put In trust by identifying it with restrictions prescribed by bnmao opinion, however respectable, andataking its reputation and influence,so far, npon their maintenance. Of coarse, any member can move the house on this subject, and a pitltion judiciously worded express. Ine oar 6-ror.g loyalty to the principles of Sunday Test mtebe very likely secure all onr signatures, bnt the ctnncll oonenrs with me in thinking thaS under present circumstances, the initiation of such a step -should bs left to the house itself. General church borne, fonr bishops bave been summoned to their rest,. all men of special vZIap fa some department of the cbnrcb's Jife. Tbe succession of Dr Temple to the see of Iiondon iB an event of interest to all Christendom. 3tb8 good and learned Dr Trench yielded tbe archieplscopal chair of Dublin to Lord Plcnket, an active missionary-hearted prelate; bnt tbe Irish church seems undermanned, end financially straightened. Two commemorations have maiked the year—tbe quincentenary of Wycliffs death, and the centenary of BIfhep Seabury's constcratioD, in Scotland, as the first bishop of the American Protestant epioopsl cbuich. The bench in tbe United States now reckons some seventy bishops, many of them of surpassing ability and holiness cf character; there are fiftydioceses, and 3C00 clergy. Including these, the Anglican csmmcnlon cumbers over SCO bishops and 30,000 cltrgy. In Anst-olia and Tasmania there are now thirteen sees—Dr L!nten, first bishop of Biverina, having arrived in Melbourne to-day. A movjmsnt for a fourteenth diocese Is on foot, to be taken from tbat of Melbourne. Impending increments in theendowmenlt-of the latter will greatly facilitate this enterrise, which not only interests us on geneial grounds Sut may, perhaps, hasten rrovicciel o? g intsstion for ourselves. A resolution will be eubmitced to you on this subjec\ recording, in gentle term?, the objection this diocese would feel to any validstion of tbe ' Province and Metropolitan Act 1 now, without full discussion on tbe entire subject. I bave reasc-n to believe that tbe Blship of Melbourne shares tbe views of mjself and our council on this matter, which a bops may prove to be those of tbe assembly also. One difficulty in the way of a province is, tbat while T.'ctoria alone would furnish for a long time too sma'.l an upper house, dioceses in different colonies, if fused in a province, would have little common ground of consultation and co. operation, other than those wide questions which but suit tbe general synod. Again, the cost and time kvolved in atteuclng an additional periodic ga'heriag bave to be considered. Still, isolation is as bad for dioceses as for parishes, ana anything that helps churchmen to feel and act ss one body seem a good When a third diocese in Tictoria becomej and substantial reality, tbere should be conference upos tbe whole question. For the present, tbe time does not seem ripe for more than the resolution to which I have referred, lay mention tbat I duly transmitted your vote of tender you her heutful thanks. Our diocese was represented both at Melbourne and at Sydney in the reception of tbe new Primate, Dr Barry, whose vigorous presence is strongly felt in the New South Wales province, and will tell increasingly for good upon the church in Australia and Tasmania. On tbe other hand, the retirement of Bishop Bale from tbeSee of Brisbane, after nearly forty years of admirable service in Adelaide. Perth, and Queens, land, takes effect this month. "Honor, love, obedience, troops of friends," deservedly surround this faithful man of God and missionary beartsd bishop in this tbe fulness of bis years. State of cur own diocese.—This year has been ore of progress, and although there fs truly no reason for resting, there are several for being thankful. No strife about ritual vexes our diocsan peace; and if friction is not yet everywhere eliminated from the working of our parochial machinery, I do not remember at the present moment any place in tbe diocese where it amounts to a serious mischief. I could not always have spoken thus. I thank God tbat I can do so now. (Applause.) Nor bave we merely negative grounds for encouragement. In England, as yon may remember, I asked for £5000 for our diocese, and received over £G0:-0 Last st ssioal aiked our own cbuich people for a special contribution of £3000 wltb tbe year, and received £2691 (Applanse.) Incidentally I asked for nine sums of £100 to meet £100 offered by myself, and not only have nine such sums been sent to me by rine cbnrch people, but tbe Ladies' Auxiliary has guaranteed another. (Applause.) Let me gratefully mention the nine—Messrs C. Ayrey J. Frv, F. Benty, P. Manifold, Mrs Manifold, Messrs W. T. Bowe, E. S. BadcUff (contributed by tbe clergy), J. Bobson (collected), J. C. P. Allnutt (collected). (Applause). It is only fair to say thit tbe bulk of the £2692 was received throagh the exertions of the Bev. J. C. P. AJInut. (Applause.) I ought also to mention that Mr Bobson, besides collecting £192, presented services to tbe diocese effecting a saving of £37. (Applanse.) Onr English friends, by the way, have not forgotten u=; aboat £100 has been sent me spontaneously from borne this year. Again, it is not, as I think, without pleading significance that, in the ci-e of all the six benefices to which appo'ntments have actually been made since last session, the patronage has been voluntarily delegate! by the parishioners to the bishop (Arplau3e.) In a seventh esse, now impending, it is likely to be otherwise; but that the fact our tentative Patronage Act bas so far worked in this particular way seems to afford confirmation of a remark in my address last session, tbat tbe question cf change in onr system cf ' onage was scarcely an urgent, though a difficult important one. Indeed I know of no'burning questions' agitated among as. At tbe eame time widely different opinions will doubtless need to be reconciled on some of the seriou* proposals which are to come before us to-day. Before touching on one or two of these, I wish to mention that I have travelled all thrcnch tbe dioceie since last session, and am able to tell tbe assembly that most cf the new work then sketched out'has been vigorously taken np. In the Wlmmera district, where no clergyman was stationed at tbat time, tbere are now three clergy and a reader statedly at work, and a four'b clergyman is to begin at Easter. Two churches bave been built, and four more are either building or on the eve of it. Encouraging congreeations bave bsen gathered at soma twenty-five different places, and very considerable local contributions bave been elicited by tbe stimulating help given from diocesan funds. The progress made is no donbt small compared with what needs to bs done in so vast and populous a region, bnt it is no little for the time; and the credit is largely dee, nnder God, to tbe devotion and skill of the Bev. C. G. Allanby-(ap. pUase)—who has contrived, though waited with a laborious district in the East, to organise and superintend the work, in the face of n > small initial difficulties, over so large an area In the far north-west. I shall carry with me, I think, the approval of the assembly when I mention that, having obtained the concurrence cf the council in the erection of a new archdeaconry, I hope to ind&ce; Mr Allanby to accept collation as the first Archdeacon of tbe Wimmera so soon as be can procure an ordained colleague fur bis parish. (Applause.l Bis parishioners in E>st Billarat deserve oar hearty thanks for their forbearance in relation to tbelr pastor's ocoasfonal employment at a dlatsnce in tbe interest of olher places. The Loddon "Valley has received attention, and readers have been supplied to the clergy of Inglewood and Charlton tor additional work; but still more might be done, and tbe council bas again concurred in my establishing a fiftharchdeaconry, tbat of the Loddon, in the belief tbat organising operations mtcht be carried on there with great advantage. To tbiB post of duty I have summoned the Bev. J C. P. Allnutt—(applause)—who, however, will retain his parish (at least for tbe present), as will alio Mr Allanby. Archdeacon A'ln&t; I propose also to accredit as general financial commissary, in order that he may exercise from time to time, In any part of the diocese, that difficult but necessary function of recruiting diocesan fands, in whicb he has already displayed so much ab'lity, and received so mucb encouragement (Ap plause.) Archdeacons in thecolonial diocese are no me'e dignitaries. (Hear, hear.) For tbe important work they have to do the status given by their office and title is required, and I mentioned to the diocesan council so far back as 1S76 that I recommended, as soon as occasion should serve, the steps I now announce ss taken. So donbt, the appointment of non-resident archdeacons is Bn unusual arrangement, and not the best we could desire to make, but it seems to me the best of which the circumstances admit. I may mention that the new archdeacons, in tbe present state of onr church to effect these chacges, by tbe great comfort and belp received by me from my three previously appointed archdeacons. Of these two were collated only last year. Tbe archdeacon of Hamilton, amid many difficulties, bas elicited in very large measure tbe confidence and tnpport of restdents in his part of tbediccsse—(hear, beu)' and tbe archdeacon of Billarat, though quite a recent arrival in our colony, seems already an indispensable factor in the religious activities of Baliarat and the surrounding district. (Applause.) A few further f nets and figuresmay bB Interesting. Since nurla<t session, ten churches have been built or are on the ere < f erection; six have bBen substantially enlarged or improved; six parsonages have been built or acquired, or substantially enlarged, and three schools added to the properties of the cbarcb. These figures are ttore favorable than in any previous year. Church services bave distinctly multiplied. Forty-three confirmations have been held, with 103S candidates. The communicants' roll has apparently Increased. Approximately 8500 are nowenrolled; alas, less than one-twentieth of tee professing members of the cbnrch! Fifteen readers and fiftybon. lay helpers are at work; and out of not a few offering for service as readers or clergy, six eppear eligible, must of whom are likely to be accepted or trained. I may here mention what the assembly will be glad to hear, that tbe newly, established Grics theological scholarship at Trinity College, Melbourne, is open to students for orders in this diocese. The diocesan branch of the Girls' Frlencly Society now numbers 155 associates and 829 members. The Melbourne diocese, with twice tbe population of ours, masters only about 101 more. The Young Men's Friendly eociety has altered its mode of operation, and tbe new plan awaits a fair trial. The Sunday School Association of the diocese numbers a somewhat larger nnmber of affiliated schools. I think the fee for application shouli, as soon at practicable, be abolished, and that the aboli- tion would widen tbe sphere of tbe association's osc. fulness. Mr Samuel Winter Cooke, of Mnredale, barrister-at-law, has accepted, at my request, tbe office of hon. advocate of the diocese. (Applause). I ma9t ait permission to record my deep sense of gratitude to tte members of the council of the diocese, for their unfailing industry, and cordial, wise, and courteous co- operation daring tbe year. I lay on the table a record of the Acts of the bishop-in-council, and a schedule of money grants for 1885; and, also, through the attention of the hon. secretary, Mr Cummins, a statement of tbe condition of our superannuation fund, as required by onr laws. These are, of course, open to the free criticism of tbe assembly. Legis-. lative measures—Six resolutions and six bills, at least, will be submitted to yon. The resolutions are—(a) In favor of incorporating our diocese, i e., establishing a corporate body of diocesan trustees for all church property, nnder (he new Act of Parliament ; (M appointing a select committee re a cathedral; (e) recognising provincial organisation as an open question; (d) recommending the establishment of a foreign mission fund, supplemental to the sastentatlon and clergy endowment funds: (e) protesting sgainat the prohibition of voluntary religions t. aching by State school teachern; (f) appointing a select committee rt a new religious instruction act. The bills are—(1) To regulate tbe diocesan corporate trust; (2) (3) (4) to amend In detail the trustees and vestries, sastentatlon fund, and patronage acts; (6) to transfer the bishopric endowment fund to the diocesan trustees, and entrust its management to tbe bishop-in-coancll; (6) to pension the «ev. L. A Baker, of Bnnlnyosg. On la) and (111 will only remark, tbat instead of leaning, as might appear at first sight, towards centralisation and imperialism, these proposals really tend exactly In tbe opposite direction, their effect being to call into existence trustees divested of governing power, leaving the management of the cbnrch properties the annually-elected local vestries and committees, while resting the legal estate in a permanent corporation, always accessible and able to act. The economy of time, tronble, and expense in transacting business connected with cbnrch property would be very great, should all our cbnrch properties come to be thus vested; but it wonld be quite optional with local trustees to avail themselves of tbe arrangement. On the proposal to erect a cathedral on the Christ Church site in Baliarat (resolution I) opinions are likely at firsttodifler. Tbe matter comes before tbe assembly by request of the trustees and vestry alteragalnconferrlng-withthe Christ Church trustees and vestry, evestually agreed I proclaimed the opening of a cathedral fund 'last session, bnt no proposal actually to build would have been heard of as jet had not the Insufficiency; of Christ Church to meet the needs of its increasing congregation necessitated tbe prompt consideration of the future of tbe bnllding. Tbe idea naturally suggested itself, that its re-erection might afford tbe opportunity of securing, by the joint efforiB of the parish and the diocese, a structure fitted to combine the functions cf B true Cathedral with Huge of a parish church. I will not anticipate tbe discussion further than to say tbat yon will hardly object to tbe appointment of a select committee to consider end report, later on, npon this large question, and make suggestions as to tbe action, if any, wbicb th s assembly should take with reference to It. Should such committee be appointed, a memorandum on practical aspects of the subject, drawn op in concert by representatives of tbe council and the parish, will be submitted to its notice. On resolution (c) I bave toncbed already; (d), perhaps, explains itself. Tbe south-east and south-west of tbe diocese, where pioneer work needs to be speedily taken np, are certainly " forest' regions, and the forest mission fond for starting it, If well begun here, might enlist the interest of friends of oar dioceEe at hoxe. Besoluticn (c) introduces once more the protest wbicb, more or less emphatic, this assembly has for nine years, by overwhelming majorities of , laity as well ss clergy, made against the capital defect of our otherwise admirable Education Actits ignoring and practical discouragement of Scripture teaching in connection with State school education. Mnce our last session, in response to the assembly's appeal, tbe clergy bave done no little, in concert with other Protestant ministers and lay belpris, by way of turning to acccnnt the facilities so far afforded for voluntary religious teaching in onr day schools. In most of the parishes in this diocese such teaching is now regularly given In one or more of tbe state schools. In Baliarat itself, out of twenty-two schools, nine of the princioal are visited every Tuesday, at balf-past three, for tbis mrpose, by twenty-six voluntary teachers instruct- 3000 oat of 10,000 Ecbolsrs. I have asked {ng the head masters of these schools to tell me in writing their opiniou as to the measure in which they consider this instruction beneficial, and appreciated by tbe parents and scholars, and GOW quote from all of the courteous replies received:-(o) 'The religious instruction has tended to produce an increased conscientiousness on the part of the children. Tbe majority of the parents seem desirous tbat their children should attend.' (d) "The children bave received goed. Parents do value, and tbe more thoughtful of tbe children sincerely appreciate, the instruction given.' (e) ' Where the instruction has been given by those well qualified to give It, I believe the influence to have been very beneficial. Ihe children are eager to attend the classes of and . The great difficulty, to my mind. Is that of securing the services of regular and suitable instructors.' (d) 'Most refining influence at present, and must have a bene, ficial infiuence in the future. Talced by tbe children most certainly, and by the parents also.' (e) ' Long experience has taught me to set a high value value upon each instruction, not only for its intrinsic importance, bnt as an aid to discipline. It gives a tone to a school that nothing else can give. Some of the parents have spoken with approbation of tbe religious lessons imparted, and the pupils bave been deeply interested In tbem. When the lessons lapsed there was a general expression of disappointment.' (fl • Gcod for tbe children, it cannot be otherwise. The religions teaching is valued by the parents and the children.' (?) ' When the classes were conducted without Interruption I formed a favorable opinion of their usefulness. Am quite sure that an efficient teacher will be greatly valued by the children.' (/i) ' I believe the influence beneficial, but tbe teachers too few, only ore at present. As originally organised in 1ES4, the classes were valued by both papils and parents, but, owing to the removal of two of tbe teachers, less than one-third now receive religious Instruction, the others being.dismissed, (i) 'I think tbe religious Instruction given bas a good effect.' But tbere are some 568 State Bchools with 60,400 children in our diocese, and if, even in Baliarat Itself, only nine or ten oat of twenty-two can be partially taught, for want of tbe requisite number of -persons at leisure lor the work, bow can the needs of bush places possibly be met on tbis plan ? Obviously, the State school teachers themselves should be made available, if willing as suggested by tbe Education Commission. A resolution in this sense will be submitted to yon, and you will be farther asked to protest against tbe excision and continued exclusion of tbe name of Christ from tbe school books which. It is (leaded in behalf of the Act, do teach ' religion.' Besolution (/). 1 be altered state of things bas rendered our school board almost useless, as now regulated. It might he so reconstituted as to exercise far more influence over both Sunday and day schools. Passing on to tbe bills; (1) only gives orderly effect to resolution (a); (2) only rectifies certain details, and harmonises tbem with a); (3) makes tbe sustentation abolishes all legal claim of clergy on their parishes for pensions. The Act giving this claim, it is feared, is objectionable in principle, and it is found to be almost unworkable in practice. Bill 6 has been summarised. It is iu harmony with tbe general principle, commended by experience, tbat the management of diocesan property is best entrusted to the council of the diocese, while the legal estate should be vested in a corporate bedy of diocesan trustees. Bill 0 is rendered unhappily necessary by the state of Mr Baker's health, compelling him to ask to be relieved cf bis parish. No clergyman, during a forty years' ministry, ever kept more unsullied his robes of office, or earned a more sincere respect and affection from bis bishop and those amongst whom be ministered. (Applause.) The bill is tbe first instance of a proposal to draw a pension for a retiriag clergyman from (be sustentation fund, which was accumulated more particularly for other purposes. It will be noticed, however, that the bill provides that the claim on tbat fnnd shall cease as coon as the proper source of supply — the superannuation fund—is available for retiring allowances. Tbe assembly is aware thit two years at least must elapse before tbat time, and it seems to me equally impossible either to insist on a Clergyman retaining his parish, who !s admittedly unequal in strength to its burden, or to ask him to retire after forty vears of faithful and irreproachable service, without immediate pension. (Applause.) The only third alternative seems to be the excep'ional bill now brought in. I may mention that, at the instance of tbe council, two commissaries reported on - the whole subject, and, after consultation with tbe parishioners of Buninyong. deliberately adviBed bringing in a b.11 as the only just and reasomble course under the circumstances. (Hear, he&r;) Should our superannuation fund act, however, work as expected, tbe present bill is likely to be tbe last, as it is the first, of this particular kind I regret, in connection with this matter, to inforn the arsemUy, tbat onr bopes of amalgamation with Melbourne for superannuation purposes are still in suspense. In pursuance of a resolution of tbis House, the iater-diocesan committee considered tbe question cf amalgamation ~ and agreed to take the opinion of an eminent actnary on the terms on which it might safely be effected. After nearly a year's consideration, tbe actuary has reported, but his report seems scarcely to folve the problem submitted to him, and tbe inter-diocesan committee is to be convened again to decide what to do with It. When It meets, I hope at the same time to secure its consideration for a different, but in its place important, topic—the adoption of a uniform practice in both otoceses with regard to the solemnisa tlon of marriage. Onr special diocesan needs are still, as far as instrumentalities go, more ministers, and mire money for their modest stipends, and for building churches, parsonages, and Sunday schools, Ibe supply of more men, of tbe right kind, is probably the mo3t urgent of these needs. The colonial pastorate requires not mere commonplace agents, however well disposed and irreproachable, bnt men of real capacity, eneigy, and training, as well as fall of faith and prayer, and love. O, if tbe call to arms in behalf of the mother-land be so promptly and nobly responded to here, are there no more among our choicer youth to volunteer for a yet loftier service, and go forth 'cot to destroy men's lives, but to save them ?" I call very earnestly on this diocese to send np more recruits of tbis type than we bave been enlisting lately, for surely we should bs leaning lees and less on England for filling the gaps which age or death Is fast making in our ranks, and strengthen tbe thin band of reepers plying the Lord's sickle in these vast and whitening harvest fields. No young churchman of true cepacity for pastorate need go further tban our own diocese to be put in the way of training for the ministry, or to findnoble opportunities of work when trained. But a sufficiency of good clergy, God helping us, we must get; and if not from among our own sons, then, if possible, from across the Bess. Two clergy should be sent totbe eastern and western sides cf the Otway Forest, now somewhat quickly populating; a clergyman should go south-west ot Casterton, another to the Adelaide border at Lillimur, another to the Ararat district, another to the Duhkeld district, another to tbe Apsley district, and two more to help tbe Incumbent of Brown Hill and the vicar of St. Paul'», Baliarat East. In the last great parish, considering tbe population, another besides the mother church ought to te vigorously at work. Surely there ought not to be any donbt of a fair available Income, in a diocese like this, to any clergyman who really understands, end sets himself thoroughly to do, 'the Lord's work' among the psople. Set, while I say this, I am bound to remind you tbat financial straitness has crippled us greatly. Our diocesan funds are scrupulously economised, but I am within the mark In once more naming £3500 of working Income, and £35,000 of working capital, as onr absolute requirement. Wo still lack some hundreds even of the £30,000 which I had hoped for by this time. Tine, we have made marked progress lately. Although I cannot speak accurately tor want of complete parochial returns, I think we must have raised £21.500 of parochial, as distinct from diocesan, income, which exceeds by many hundreds any previous return. And I am thankful to notice tbat in such collec.ions as those for the clergy widow and orphans' fund, Baliarat, is only some 12 percent, behind the far more populous and wealthy sister t diocese. But the church people of Western Victoria as a whole have not * put on tbelr strength' t d as yet in the way- of giving. Perhaps It is m for want of more systematic information and a appeals. May our good financial commissary, enpp'y what is wanting, (applanse.) But is the faith we teach a ' superstition f fcuch is tbe deliberate allegation of a second of our Supreme Court judges, following (he example set by Mr Just'ce Higinbotham nearlj two years ago. She lecture of the latter was promptly met to areply from tbe pen of my brother of Melbourne, so candid,, so direct, so philosophical, and so convincing that (as 1 think) less injur; than confirmation has probaby accrued to the faith tf the Christian courcb from tbe controversy. Mr Justice Williams' Unitarian brochure seems to me less original and striking; and whllelhavenota hitter or contemptuous word to say about tbe pamphlet or its writer, tbe latter will excuse me it l avow my impression, in the same frank way in which he has expressed his. own confidence in tbe impending vanishment of church teaching, that the tru'y Catholic Christian doctrines will survive in tbe lnlurs, as they have done in the past, severer assaults than tbat which this book directs against them. (Applause:) may remark that I entirely dissent from those who would object to tbe public treatments questions of faith by non-professional theologians. {Hear, bear.) I am right glad when such persons interest tbei selves in these. (Hear, bear} The leading i»Uco of religionare not only the most important of all topics, but tbe most universal in their urgent con. cern for all earnest men, and the least conditioned for their appreciation by the need of merely technical training and knowledge. &ut;, on the other btnd, the responsibility Is tnmendoui of those who address themselves to the public discrediting of prevalent lellglous tenets which they think erroneous; and scrupulous accuracy and candor of statement and inference are essential in such an C h c m s turee toe enurens wors-xn onr oiocew, as mill t pur present belleTIt is^to jroEecnte lt^wit^the B Intensest vigor Bst does Jnage Williams really: s prov, ive bin case? The judge's contention Is tbat the t Wnl nlty, the Incarnation, an • the Atonement are . j _ere erode superstitions.' Herein. I may observe; w in passing, be differs from Mr Matthew Amold.- w whom he quotes with evident admiration," and who n -rites, 'itiia maintainable thesis that the theological dogmas of the Trinity, the Incarnation, and m C the Atonemeutimderlle the wh.leBibe. Let us. i examine a chapter of this hook, say tbe first, which w Is fairlr repreieotativeof tbe rest. mit tbe judge t deals with the Trinity-a doctrine wbicb he admits t is allowed by all Christian, bodies except the Unltarlans. (He adds that tne Moravians do not sffiim s w It, butfu this he is scarcely accurate. Thelrdoctrine e on this'polnt is that of tbe confession of Augsburg; i It is described in official documents, of tbe British t Parliament ES agreeable to the ihirty-nine articles; o It is embodied in their Mwy (or EM tot PaiJ. u o a c l d b d v I a I o L E d t d t • s n w i b Now, a tenet held as fundamental by nearly all Christians for so many centuries, and taugbt and defended by multitudes of the ablest, most learned, and holiest of men, even if a 'superstition,'could cb mistaken statements nf trlnltaifan briief as the following:—'The Church of England' holds 'that the Godhead consists of (nc) three distinct persons;' 'the orthoaox believe' 'that there are three who reign in Heaven ss Gods? the churches all call the third God the Holy GhoBt, not the Spirit or tbe Hoi; Spirit.' Or of sweeping assertions such as these:—'Ibefour gospels are absolutely inconsistent with, and expressly disaffirm,' 'are eqnallr destitute of traces of-'this doctrine; which indeed is known histcricslly to have been tbe growth of a long subsequent ege" (the fact being that tbe doctrine ia mentioned by name as a familiar element in Church teaching by the Chriitiin fathers of the Snd century); 'the reader who will only take tile tronble to exanrne them will find that the doctrine is nowhere even obscurely alluded to. Tbis Is equally true of tbe rest of the New Testament.' ' We find declaration after declaration absolutely opposed to any such notion.' 'It appears waste of labor to prove that the spirit is throughout ths Bible regarded as A spiritual emanation from the Vather,' ' part and parcel of the God.' Letusnow examine come of the arguments a -d inferences on which such strong assertions are bated. They will need, I think, very little comment before tbis audience. * (1.) According to tbe Bible there is one God, and beside Him cootbei; tbe religion of tbe Blblels monotheistic;' 'the satisfactory affirmation of (1), it will be readily seen, fatal to the doctrine of tbe cation with judges and prophets, often on trivial subjects, Bhould have' 'omitted daring so many hundreds of years to mention so important a circumstance,' ' made no mention of God the Son, or of the Spirit as being anything distinct and separate from God Himself? ' Wonld it be unreasonable to expect that, assuming tbe existence of a triumvirate in Heaven, Jesus ebonld bave stated the nature of its functions in unmistakable terms? ' If Ot ristbe the Son of God as to His divine nature,' here the writer quotes with emphatic endorsement Dr Adam Clarke, 'he cannot be eternal, for Son implies' 'generation, and generation implies timein which it is effected, end time also antecedent to such generation.' Agsin, in answer to an alleged argument for Christ's Diety (I never &aw; it advanced) drawn from his title 'Bedeemer? 'The title Bedeemer is never applied to Je&as; throughout the New Testament, but to the Father,' 'and to Him done.' Now it is a matter of fact tbat thermal title 'Bedeemer' occurs nowhere in our New Testament; but tbe work of Bedemption is invariably attributed therein to Jesus Christ. Let us next see how tbe judge disposes of texts. ' The Word was ia ths beginning with God,"all things were made by HimjMo regard the expression as referring to Jesus would make Jesus co-eternal and coequal with God, which is incompatible with Bible teaching.' ' Even some orthodox divines, amongst them Dr Llddon, speaking ol tbe Logos, construe ft to mean '.The Thought of God,' something not either external to or independent of tbe one Uol (see Liddon's Bampton Lectures.) The true conception of it by Grtek philosophy wis tbat of tbe power, or force, or energy of God; It clearly resembles the view held by Dr JLiddon ' A reference to pp 228, 129 ot the ' Lectures'(ed. 1868), containing the whole passage referred to, will show, I think, tbat the use here made of it is entirely unwarrantable. No Trinitarian holds that the Divine Word is 'sometbingexternalto the one.God;' and Canon Llddon assuredly does not, that it means tbe impersonal "power, force, or eneigy of God.' Again, "Baptising them into the name of the Father and cf tbe Son and of tbe Holy Ghost.' 'It Is considered highly improbable that Jesus after his death should have used the words. Mr Matthew Arnold makes the following observations:—"It is not tbe least like what Jesas was in the habit of saying. The genuine charge was almost certainly, as my Father sent me so send I ycu. So that onrthiescreeds are founded apan words which Jesus in all probability never uttered."' Next let as ponder tbe texts quoted, as incompatible with tbe doctrine of the Trinity. •"Why callest thou me good? Tbere is none good bnt one, that is the God.'" The judge remarks— "The expression in tbe Greek version [original?] 1s 'the uod;" which, as will be observed, bas not been faithfully translated.' "'My God and your God." "Tbe head of Christ is God." "There is one Mediator Tjetween Sod ard man, tbe man Christ Jesus." 'Not my will, but thine, be done.' All things are delivered unto me i f my Father.' Out of twentytwo other texts thus quoted, fourteen either simply proclaim the unity of God, which no Trinitarian questions, or else are instances of God being called Saviour or BedeEmer. which, if Jesus saves and redeems men (and theNewTestamentunquestlombly asserts thlB), can scarcely disprove His deity. 3 be remaining eight imply that limitation of power and knowledge in Christ, which would be a necessary feature In the dual nature of tbe God Man in whom the church believes, and thus are in harmony with, and certainly cannot disprove, the incarnation. Such are tbe Judge's main arguments. Here, lastly, is his opinion of tbe translators of the Bible. Speaking of the expression' Holy Ghost,' he says:— " Tbe translators having adopted tbe word 'Ghost,' as cariying with it a more mystic sound, were forced to add an adjective where no adjective existed in the original, and tbere was only one tbat conld be euphoniously added, viz. Holy."' No evidence is tendered in support of this singular statement. Again, referring to tbe very familiar interpolation, long ego exposed and discarded by Church of Englana divines. In 1 John, v. 7 (' There are three that bear record In Heaven 1 ), he says—'even the orthodox committee [one was a Unitarian] have In the Revised Edition icithout toard or comment omitted this verse ;' and once more re. ferring to 1 John ili., 16 CHertby perceive we [ihe] love [of God] because he laid down Us life for ns •), ' the Revised Version has been forced to omit these words, but in silence and with no marginal note.' Tbe suggestion plainly made that the revisers were guilty of cowardly disintegrity betrays an utter misconception. Not only were they not bound to comment on texts, tbey were bound not to do so. Ibe judge adds, but without offering any proof whatever, 'Trinitarian translators have inserted words not existing in tbe so-called original—the forlorn b^pes ot thB doctrine cf the Trinity' I have now examined the firstchapter of tbe judge's book, and we bave no time for more. In quoting, I have shortened and combined, bnt in no case altered tbe author's language or meanlvg. I do not think it requisite to recite in reply, before this audience at any rate, the positive proofs of the doctrine thus atsiiled. I venture to think intelligent churchmen will agree with me, that Judge Williams, for whom personally and in regard to his dignified office I have nothing but what is respectful to say, is scarcely a trustworthy guide as to the real teaching of the church, or tbe true bearing of texts of Sciiptnre. But let ns never forget, that the church's best answer to the scepticism of the age is les i controversial argument tban prayer and work. (Applause.) Scepticism fs a spirit, and must be met by a spirit of a different nature and stronger than itself. 'This kind goetb not out but by prayer and fasting. Tbere are soi splendid passages on this point fn an address of tbe iste eloquent Thomas Jones to the Congregational Union. After remarking, with truth, that Christianity, has never been folly embodied in the character cf the church, he pleads tbat Cbritrtians should have justice; and the church is entitled, fn some measure at any rate, to answer the sceptical spirit of tbe age in tbe words of Christ, ' Though ye believe not me, believe the works.' It was ecclesiastical synods, 'rnly observes tbe Bishop of New. castle, which led tbe way to our national Parliaments; and (in a sermon before tbe New South Wales Synod, well worth studying) the blBhop eh:.we how In such matters as tbe care of deserted children, and tbe foundation of hospitals, tbe authority of church assemblies was tbe inceptive force in tbe early centuries of our era. In Anglo-Saxon times, slavery largely disappeared before the efforts of tbe church; the usual place for liberating bondsmen being the altar or cbuich- porch, aid the emancipation recorded on the maigln of the gospel book. More than a thousand yean ago that secured the observance of the "Truce of God from Wednesday to Monday in European Christen' dom. The decisions of three ancient synods on the right of tbe people to primary «ducation, are matched by the fact that tbe home of literature and culture was in tbe church, even in the ages often stigmatised as dark. It Is no less true, at any rate, in these days as well as those, that if there be any one institution Hnong mankind entitled in any degree to tbe lofty name, "Ths Light of the World," •'The Salt of tbe Earth," it is that whose members are so designated by the Preacher on the Mount. Broadly speaking, men will be for tbe Church when they find and feel that she 1s for them. She may fairly ask to be judged as we judge of an orchard tree, not by tbe withered branches, the misgrowtbs and excrescences, hat by the kind of fruit she by nature tends to bear; and mankind will in the long run not mistake tbat for thorn and thistle, of which they gather grapes and figs. Conclusion.—Prayer and work! like the monk's twofold scapulary, it must be the church's constant wear. If work, in its «ntward arrangements, unavoidably engross most of the assembly's session, and of the address which opens It, let us remind ourselves that our daily morning service and meditation during this week represent be more essential side of the church's Ufa, the evotional ' Without me, ye csn do nothing.' If empted to forget It, the passing away this very orning from the midst of us of one ot our oldest nd best, known members will surely suffice to be aselli—one of the . earted, consistent, ami benevolent churchmen and itizens in all V|aoria. How dear be was to s—I may almost Say to every one of us. How had he preserved tbe. freshness. and enamel f youth in bis ripe, and radiant maturity; Why, this man's late autnmn of life"was brighter nd cheerier than most men's spring, time) And wherein lay the secret of the magnetism of his haracter? O, as .with our Gordons, and our Sladehs, and our Lewises it was nothing else than the fear of God and the faith of Jesus, and the ove for men that always flows-from these, when eep and strong I May our sonls bs bound in the undle of life at the last with such as thee, dear eparted brother I Mr Caselli'a romoial makes a acancy in the council, and on the board of electors I have detained you at unusual length with, I fear, tedious address, but after nine years'acquaintance with this assembly, • Were its faults as thit* as dust In vacant chambers, I could trust Tour kindness.' now declare the session opened, let ns address urselves with eneigy to our important labors, and, ord, V prosper thou our handiwork!" ORDER OP BUSINESS.—On the motion of the Bev. . S BadcUffs, the following order of business was ecided upon:-" 1 That during the present session ule assembly meet every week day, except Saturay and Monday, st halt-past three o'clock p hat .. " adjourn at six o'clock,; and eet gain at seven p.m." "That at the afternoon ittings the orders of the day take precedence of otices of motion, and that any debate in progress hen the assembly adjourns at six shall in the even, ng be postponed until the notices of motion have ees disposed of." _ A CATHEDRAL FOB BALLARIT —Mr H. D. Cane oved, -and Mr Bland seconded—"That it Is deirable to consider whether advantage th"U>d be aken of tbe proposed re- building of Christ Church. aliarat, to Meet, If pracUcible, a cathe ral on tbe ite. In moving this, ha said that he was convinpad hat it was desirable that a cathedral should be etec 'ed, though the parish be represented.St. Peter's ould be one that would suSer inits congregation ere It erected. He view the matter in its general, ot. its local application . Tbe JJer. K T ummins considered that there was other ore important work for the; dergy -and aity to do .and. that funds that could bs obtained ore wanted iu other directions: He considered hat the extension of church was for the congregaion of that parish, not for tbe assembly to deal ith. Some of the parishes of Bsllarat were truggling parishes, and he was not in favor ot en xpenditure over the erection o' » cathearttl. be-. ieving It to be unnecessary, uncalled for, and likely o be injurious to some parishes, and to the finances t the diocese generally, archdeacon Beamish tbou£taiit«i» quite tliM that tl» saltans dioceae bad a cathedral. In his opinion it was the peculiar work of rich men to erect cathedrals. Archdeacon Julias remarked that the church was unequal to the demands for accommodation, asd was very unsightly, and no alterations would render it more sisbtly or safer. He would not be one to erect a cathedral on credit, but would greatly like to see at least a portion of a cathedral put np and paid for, and tbe design carried out from time to time as funds wer* available. It would ba better to bave an unfinished cathedral (the portion completed paid for) (has for tbe congregation to have a completed cathedral and a heavy debt to face. The Bev. H. W. H. Aden'y did not think tbe present needs cf tbe diocese demanded a catbedraL A cathedral should be built " for all time," but did the assembly think, considering the imitations of colonial life, tbat Christ Church site should becoveredbyacathedral? Mr C. J Jones moved an amendment to the effect that the matter be considered bya select committee, exclusive of the present site. This was seconded by Mr W. Robertson, who urged tbat the present site was unsafe, snd tbat a caltjedral wonld empty tbe other churches even more tban tbe attractions at Christ Church bad done Already. At this stage this debate was adjonrned. BALLARAT DIOCESIN TRUSTEES.—Ten. Archdeacon Cooper moved—" That this assembly desires tbat a corporate body of trustees, consisting ol.five, be constituted, for the purpose of boldingpropsrty in trust 'for the benefit of tbe cbnrch within the diocese; tbe bishop of the diocese, the chancellor of the diocese, the archdeacon of Baliarat, and Messrs Gaunt, Bland, snd Brind, be trustees and the first members of said corporation; under tbe name of the Bsltarat diocesan truitee.<." The bisbop explained tbat this fill not affect _ . the local . management ment of churches, but matters of purchase ana sale of church buildings or sites, and tbe motion was then carried. Tbe Yen. Archdeacon CooPEa then asked leave to introduce the following bills:—To authorise the payment of an annuity of £100 a year oat of the sustentation and church extension fund to the Bev. Louis Alexander Baker; to amend the sustentation fund act; to amend tbe patronage act; to provide rules relative to the Baliarat diocesan trustees'corporation; to amend the trustees and vestries act of 1881; to amend tbe law providing for the management and application of the Baliarat bishopric endowment fund. Granted, and the bills made orders of the day for to-day. NoncFS ov MOTION.—Several notices of motion having been given, the assembly, after the benediction had been pronounced, adjourned till half-past three p.m. to-day. 