JSP J TOME OF XEWS. We compile the following from the various journals to hand:— J It is estimated that the drought which was. experienced in New South Wales during the year 1884 caused a loss to that colony of £4,500,000. Comparing the figures^ at the beginning of 1815 with those at the beginning of 1884, a decrease was shown of 10,000 horses, 232,000 ! cattle, and 5,800,000 sheep. The Warwick Examiner says:— I A species of lamkinism. has been i developed of late, which it would be I well were the police to put down at once. We refer to a habit of some larrikins acting the part of " ghosts" by enveloping themselves in white sheets after night-fall and frighten ing women and children by sud denly startling them and approach j ing th^ni with weird gestures. The practice was indulged in the other J night in Albion-street, when two I young women who were leaving St. Mark's Church, as well as children, were very much alarmed by some of these blackguards. One of the young women fainted and became almost hysterical for some time, and was unnerved for hours afterwards, while children were frightened to go to the door. James Hodgson, a well-known resident of Adelaide, fell down a deserted shaft, a mile from town, on Wednesday last. After six hours' search, he was found at 2 o'clock on Thursday morning, at the bottom of the shaft, which is 70 feet deep. He was discovered through his lit tle dog having been seen on the top of the shaft in a state of great anxiety. S. George descended the shaft, and fixed a rope round Hodg son. They were hauled to the sur 5 face, when it was found that Hodg son was badly shaken, though (apparently not seriously injured. | But for the dog he would never | have been discovered. While he ! was being rescued, his dog, in rash 1 ing about, fell down another shaft, j SO feet deep, but escaped without a scratch. Messrs. O'Dea, Brown, Barnes, and George composed the party who found and rescued Hodg son.—Later: James Hodgson, who fell down an old shaft, is dead, from a shock to the system and internal injuries. On March 1st a new order of | things was introduced lii Bathurst in connection with the District Hos pital. On the day in question a collection was made in all the Pro testant churches in Bathurst, and som£ of the churches around the city. The Eoroit correspondent of the Age reports that a distressing fatal accident occurred on Friday. Three young men, named Bond, Simmonds of M'Kinney, were but shooting near Woolsthorpe, and after a good day's sport were returning home. Simmonds was in front about a chain away from M'Kinney, when hearing a gun go off he looked round, and was astonished to see M'Kinney lying on the ground. He returned and found that M'Kinney was dying. The shot entered the left side of his head, cutting off the upper portion of his ear. He called " Jack ?' three times and then ex pired, The deceased was appa rently jumping over a five-wire fence, when the trigger of, his gun caught in a wire and the gun went oft The Patriotic Fund now reaches | near £30,000. Mr. John M'llwraith, father of Sir Thomas, of Queensland, died at Ayr', Scotland, on the 25th March last. He leaves a widow, four sons, | seven daughters, 70 grand-children, j and two great grand-children. He 1 was 80 years of age at the time of his death. Hobart, Friday.—The police re , covered on Thursday another bar of j gold which was stolen from the Beaconsfield bank. Altogether five bars were stolen, hut they are all recovered now. Much reticence is observed with regard to the affair, but it is how known that six per sons were concerned in the robbery and further arrests are likely to be made in the course of a few days. At St. Andrew's Cathedral, the other Wednesday evening, six Chi nese converts were admitted, by baptism, into the Church of Eng land. The Primate delivered a spe cial address appropriate to the oc casion. Saturday's Echo says:—A child named Joseph Henry Auiaral, aged 2 years and C months, died very suddenly at the residence of his mother, Manly Vale, yesterday morning. It appears that on the previous day the child, whilst play ing in a yard with his sister, stum bled and fell heavily on lus back. He was subsequently seized with convulsions, and expired as above stated. Dr. Tibbits, of Manly, was called in and pronounced life to he extinct. The following resolutions were adopted at a largely attended meet ing of selectors held at Bombala on Wednesday:—1." That in. the opin ion of this meeting, the Land Act j of 1884 is utterly unsuited to the requirements of the Eastern Divi- j siou of the colony; which, from tlie i advance of settlement on Crown ; land therein, should have been al- j lowed to remain under tlie old Act j of 1861 and its successive amend ments up to 1880, as no change was j desired or needed for the benefit of i the colon}7 generally, or the settlers in thatdivision especially." 2. "That if Parliament will not comply with the request to alter the present Land Act so as to suit the requirements of the Eastern Division, it be asked to alter it so far as regards the preleases, to allow them to remain as under the former Act, and to be maintained in their entirety, the convert preleases and conditional leases as now provided for under the Land Aet, 1S84, rendering the position of the holders untenable, and the conditions of fencing im possible to be complied with." 3. "That this meeting pledges itself to, use its utmost effoiis to have the above resolutions'adopted by any candidate for election iu the Monaro district at next general election, and not to vote for any candidate who will not support their views." Will Honeycomb writes:—I sup pose I must congratulate tlie Regis trar-General and tlie Compiler of the Census. The former has just issued the Statistical Register for 1883, and the latter the tables of the Census taken in 1881. This isn't bad. Reading in the second quarter of 18S5 the statistics of 1883 is rather stale work, but con ning over census tables four years ! old, is too much for even a wet Sun day. In the Adelaide Supreme Court, the other day, John M'Loughlan was sentenced to 10 years' imprison ment for burglary on the premises of the Mitcham Tramway Company. Wm. E. Fisher was sentenced to four years' imprisonment for em bezzling the funds of the friendly societies. An aboriginal named Paddy, aged 17, who had been sentenced to death for being concerned in a murder in the Northern Territory, was com mitted to imprisonment during her Majesty's pleasure the other day at Adelaide. He struck a blow after the death-blow had been struck by another aboriginal. The Attorney-General has de clined to file a bill against Elizebeth Leggett, who was committed at St. Leonards, on the 26th ultimo, ou a charge of shooting at, with intent IfU ) Tfito Jm It is proposed to establish daily morning choral services at St. An drew's Cathedral, and to augment the choir. This will entail an in creased expenditure of £600 a year, and churchmen arc earnestly ap pealed to by the Primate to provide the necessary funds. A pitiful case came before the Newcastle police court the other morning.. A man and his para mour were charged with being drunk, and each fined 5s. The woman was in-a dreadful state through the effects of drink, though quite young and handsome. She had to lie assisted by a constable while sentence was being passed, as she could hardly stand, and was verging on "delirium tremens. The Merccrv says:—On Tues day morning Charles H. Thompson, a youth, aged about 15 years, who was found guilty at the Maitland Quarter Sessions, last month, of assaulting a little girl eight years of age at Pokolbin, with intent to carnally know her, and sentenced by his Honor Mr. District Court Judge Wilkinson to be imprisoned with bard labour for eighteen! months, and to receive a whipping of sixteen strokes, was awarded the latter portion—and, in the opinion of the judge, the most appropriate and telling portion—of his punish ment at Maitland Gaol. The cir cumstances of the case will be in the recollection of our readers. The little girl was proceeding home from school, when the pri soner, the schoolmaster's son, over took her, and made indecent over tures to her, which she resented. He then assaulted her in an in decent way. An attempt was made to procure an alibi, but the jury found the prisoner guilty. The whipping took place at six o'clock in the morning in the presence of ! the gaol officials and surgeon. Dr. j R. G. Alcorn, the visiting gaol sur- j geon, examined the youth, and pro- j nounced him to be physically capa ble of enduring the punishment. He "was secured to the " horse," and the ilagelator, an officer from Syd ney, administered the 16 strokes with a strap. The punishment was not unnecessarily severe, and j did not partake any tiling of bru- j tality. However it was felt by the prisoner, whose demeanour at its termination had altered somewhat. We (the Wide Bay and Burnet News) learn with much pleasure that a wealthy company has been formed for the purpose of working the extensive coal seams, known to exist on the Upper Mary. 