1 1 WOKE ONE DAY." [From Time.] woke one day to find that Yonth was going, With Time, who takes good things and ill, To join a vague procession, ever growing, Of ghosts who people dreamland still; Those whom the years have rent world-wide asunder, Old friends once daily looked upon ; Fome toil upon this earth, and some rest under, So doubt; and do some still regret. I wonder. The glad old days, the good time gone t Time rakes away his dust-heap of dead roses. Of empty cups, of broken vows. Spent love, and all dim memories discloses, The morning after Youth's carouse; He shows us snades of unforgotten faces, We hear the voices far away, Of revellers, w ho leave us still some traces. Of songs whose echoes haunt old halting-places, Where night was often turned to day. And . r€st in gI by ^ ^ nnbrokelli By winds nnswept, by stars unseen, jjever to speak again as they have spoken, Or know lost joys that might have been. When slow- departing summer-day yet lingers. Between the purpling western bars. When winds sound faint, as if some far-off singers Were touching harps with tiled, trembling fingers Vie see lost eyes smile in tbe stars. 1 A minister in Western Pennsylvania, on a certain occation, -when he had to eo several miles to conduct a prayer meeting, set out with his hired man, prepared to bring home a pig which he wis to get ia the ^ame vicinity. Tiie pig having been duly boxed and p.,t in the wagon, the divine set out for the prayer n eeting, and left the Irishman, the horse, and the j ig t3 wait outside the schoolhouse while he conducted the devotions within. But pigs do n >t always stay in hoses, or this story would not be i written. In the midst of the remarks the Irishpiii tbiust his head in at the door and shouted, _ Misth -r mired a greater — — - , tbe old ladies locked reproachfully and reprovingly at Pat, while the sympathizing f«meiv. beaded by ShwSl^teTd-wtta^w {.laved chevk' on the minister's colt-tells as he {lasted out at the door. The piff wn ciuckt and secured, but Jl:e prayer 'jieeiiitg receired a fatal interruption .—linrptr. 