Welcome to Bishop Webber. A CONVERSAZIONE was held at the Exhibition Building, Bowen Park, Brisbane, on Wednesday night, in honour of the arrival in his diocese of the new Anglican Bishop of Brisbane (Dr. Webber}) and 6t the first visit of the Primate of Australia (Dr. Barry) to that city* His Excellency the Governor and Lady Mus grave, attended by Lieutenants Prichard and Cholmondeleyj arrived punctually with the Bishops of Sydney, Brisbane) and Northern Queensland. They were Wet at the entrance by the Reception Committee and escorted to the dais at the extreme end of the nave. There were also present the Premier and Mrs, Griffith, Sir Charles and Lady Lilley, Mr. Justice and Mrs. Mem, the Hon. G. King, M.L.C., Hon. T. L. Murray-Prior, M.L.0., the Hon. the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Colonel French, and a large number of the leading citizens, ss well as all the clergy who are in town attending the Diocesan Synod now in session. The building was decorated with some taste by means of flags and foliage plants. Some of the latter were very beautiful, and did much to relieve the otherwise bare and uninteresting appearance of the place. The clergy, headed by Archdeacons Glennie and Matthews, and accompanied by several of the laity, advanced to the dais, and Archdeacon Glennie at once opened the proceedings by reading the following address, which had been signed by a large number of the clergy and communicants i — To the Right Reverend Father io God. William Thornhfll Webber, D.D., by divine permission Bishop of Brisbane, in the oolony of Queens- Land. May it please your Lordship,—We, the under signed communicant members of the Church of England In this diocese, desire to approach your Lordship with the reverence due to the high and holy office to which you have been called in the Ohuroh of God. and with the feolin.s of respect at»d duty which we would ever cherish to our Father ia God. We desire to congratulate your Lordship on your safe arrival amongst us, and to express our gratitude to the Almighty Father for having vouchsafed to you _Ub divine protection throughout the perils and dangers of your voyage. In the person of your Lordship, who has now been called to the chief rule over us, we recognise one whose life has shown conspicuous earne-tness in the service of Christ anil His Churoh, and seif denying labour for the good of others. We have learnt with unmixed pleasure of the love and esteem in which you wore hold by all classes of the community, and of the good works which you have accomplished during alengthened and arduous ministry as priest of a populous parish in London. We have heard with great gladness of your care for Christ's people, your zeal for the spread of His kingdom, your energy in fostering ail schemes for the edacation of the young and ignorant, as well as your loyalty In maintaining unimpared the doctrine and dici* pline of our beloved Churoh: and we feel sure that the distinguishing qualities for which you have gained such worthy nonour will shine with no diminished lustre amongst us. We hail your Lordship's appointment as Bishop of this diocese as a freah link in the chain of love and unity which binds us to our Mother Churoh in Kngland, and we trust that your advent amongst us will give a fresh impetus to Church life and Church work in Brisbane and throughout the dioceso. In conclusion, we earnestly pray that the bless ing of God Almighty, the Father, the .lon, and the Holy Ghost, may ever and abundantly be with you: that your life may long be spared to ad minister the affairs of this diocese and to adorn the Church, and that a rich harvest of success may attend your Episcopate, so that God's glory may be set forth in tue solvation of souls, and in the sproad of His kingdom, and lovo and loyalty to our Church more fully eatabl shod In tho hearts of hor many children in this great and growing colony. We remain, tny Lord, your Lordship's faithful and obedient children la Christ Jesus. The Bishop, in reply, said it was scarcely necessary to sayhow deeply he felt all their acts of kindness, and especially the hearty welcome he had met with on his arrival in his diocese. He joined with them in expressions of grati tude for that safe arrival after such a long journey. He fully appreciated their reverence for the high and holy office to which, in the providence of God, be had been called. They had been pleased to refer to the Church work which he had been able to accomplish in the old country. He could never forget the people with whom he bad twenty- one years of pastoral intercourse, and among whom he had been fully engaged. Reference had also been made to his connection with schemes for education. Opportunities might, no doubt, occur in this colony for him to utilise the experience which he had been permitted to garner in London. They had also expressed an earnest desire for the progress of the work of the Church. He would make no rash pro mises. The best proof of bis desire for the same end rested in the difficulty with which he had severed the ties that bound him to his work in London, notwithstanding that the work here seemed to be so attractive, and the im pulse so strong, which bade him quit his work in a church almost unsurpassed for beauty in London, and amongst a trustful, loving people. His work among those people was the best proof that he was in thorough accord with their wishes, and that his desire was no less strong than their own for the future of the work in this colony. They had regarded his appointment as a new link forged in the chain which links England to Australia. The real link, however, restod not in the mere fact of crossing the sea, but in tbe prayer- which had accompanied him, offered by his former parishioners and many others inter".sted in the work of the diocese. Only last week he had received a letter from his friend the Bishop of Lichfield, who assnred him that henceforth the work in fbe diocese of Brisbane would take ita place among tbe matters for weekly prayerful interceaslo- in his home. Therefore, they would observe that thero was a stronger link than tbat of mer* cAntile prosperity and political interest which bound then, to the Church in the mother country—the link of a deep sympathy and true brotherhood. He urged them to move oa lit one Solid body. There always wouM be div.rsiti-s. He was not one of those effe minate creatures who deplored diversity, bnt rather regarded it as a sign ef life; they might have absolute unifortttity, but at the price of stagnation and probably death. They should never desire tbat which was a sign of torpor, cramped individuality, and hindered true progress. In conclusion he asked all to work loyally and with unity in the cause of religions (Applause.) Captain H__.f__, 8.N., e_rirasan of the Re* ception Committee, then read the following address from the laity :— TO the -tight Rev. William Thoknbiu. Wcbber, D.D., Bishop of the Diocese of Bris bane*. May it please your Lord- hip— We, the tin_«»raigraed, on behalf of the lay members of this ponton ot the diocese, desire to approach your Lordship with feelings of loyalty and respect, and to tender yew onr cordial wel come to the scare of your future labours^ From the estimate formed of yoUr Lordship's ability and discretion in dealing with _sea and things by a body so widely representative as the London School Board, we are led to form the brightest anticipations for the future of oar beloved Church under your Lordship's guidances We look forward with confidence to ths de velopment of that broad and Catbolio spirit of brotherhood. Which is the strongest bond of union between fellow workers in the ssme field of labour, and to the growth of that spirit of charity Which acknowledges as fellow-travellers all who arei-cdtl-g for the same goal, albeit by different Differences there must ever be among men of many minds of various schools of thought, and of widely differing training. The voluntary system, too, which is the basts of all Church work in these colonies, has oreated an independence of action and a certain impatience Of control un known in the religious world in which year Lord ship's experience hss been gained. We trtnty however, that the wisdom which is freely pto mised to those who ask it may guide you in your dealings with ths various elements of wbloh our community is composed, so that evils naturally -.salting from the absence of complete unanimity may be reduced to a minimum, and all minor differences become merged in the one great work of establishing the Church of God throughout the length and breadth of our land. In something of the form, the beauty, and the shnplioity that characterised ita inauguration by tne great aad blessed Founder of the Gospel of Peace. Tbat the Almighty may guide you Wtta all wisdom, and vouchsafe you health and strengtb to carry out the work to whioh He hss betas pleas**, to call you, is the prayer of your Lord' ship s faithful and obedient servants. W. L. G. Drew, Treasurer of Synod: 0. B. Whtsh, Secretary of Synod; Thornhlll Weedon, Robert D. Neilson, Hugh M. Bell, M.D.; K. Kelk. H. Bramaton, G. P. Haa*J_, R.N.. chairman of committee, Chas. M. Alien, seoretary Diocesan Council; D. T. Seymour, F. D. G. (Stanley, K. Bennett, George King, M.L.0.; A, Norton, jl.lsi. A. Brisbane, 18th November, 1885, The Bishop said he had already anticipated much that he might otherwise say in reply to the address which had just been read. There was. however, one expression to which he might be disposed to take exception, and that was the reference to the lamb-like character of the people on the other side of the world, as if the colonists **ere the only people who were troublesomo under ecclesus* tical control. Twenty-five years ago, when he and others were being ordained by the late Archbishop of Canterbury, they were told by him that the time had come when they could not expect any special respect and deference, except so much as each could win tor himself. Those words were wiss and true. There were many laymen in London who would by no means unhesitatingly accept ecclesiastical control, but at the same time ne could say his had been a very pleasant ex* perience among laymen who held the most opposite theological opinions, and who had all worked admirably together. Ho could show them the list of one of the committees he had worked, and if they knew the men they would at once admit the extreme diversity of their tenets. Yet these had worked in the fullest harmony. Indeed, ss he looked around among the layman present, he saw quite enough material for a strong working committee for the new cathedral. The Primate would tell them to set about building it at once, and with their permission he would leave that gentleman to take up the running. (Cheers.) The P_.imate (Dr. Barry), who on coming forward was cordially greeted, said he had great pleasure in being among them, although no was there in some respects from a sense of duty in his representative capacity. In a cer tain scuso tho Church had outstripped the political institutions, inasmuch ss they had, by the creation of the Primacy, adopted the principle of intercolonial federation, and that was but another instance that the Church often moves faster than the world. He hoped he should not be regarded as a traitor to nis own colony, but he should rejoice when Colonial Federation had been effected, for he regarded it as a step to the great federation of the future, by which alone the English speaking race can hope to do its great work. There were speeches of two classes — those made by speakers who had something to say, and those oy others who were in the unhappy condition of having to say something. They had made him belong to the latter class, and he had to do his best to Srove worthy of belonging to the former, 'here always at such times came into bis mind one text. When the host of Israel were passing through the sea, hemmed in by unbroken bar riers on each side, and the roar of the Egyptian host coming on behind, and when their hearts almost faded, and even the daunt less lawgiver himself was well nigh fainting, " the word of the Lord came to him, saying, Speak to the children of Israel that they go forward." Their motto must be, ''Go for* ward.*' Tbe work of God could have no com* pletion. Artificial work may attain a sort of finality. The fitting of a coping stone to a fabric may represent s kind of completion, bnt none of this work was so unresting and unending as the work of God. He would like to see them go forward in material matters. Bris bane was the ono diocese in Australia in which there was not a cathedra], and in which no efforts bad been made in that direction. There wero in the buildings of Brisbane strong evidences of the enterprise of her citizens, and he hoped that on the occa sion of his next visit to Brisbane he should find *-hstsa__eenergy had been infused into this s?__r°_.' jl *. that tney nad Deen J"oiDff forward. Tfcey bad in this diocese, he believed, a fund **cry much like their Church Society in Sydney —a noble institution, highly useful for breaking np new ground. He had heard that this fund was not so well supplied as it ought to be. It was impossible withoutsomesuchfund to follow the continual advance of English civilisation. They ought to go forward in claiming more and more for their Master from the growing Intellect of the nation. The advance sf educa __• wn*cn these colonies bad sacrificed so _____T _nd **r«e,y *° promote, indi •caled the growth of the true progress *»*hich was the life of the nation. But some thing more than intellectual advancement was needed, and in dealing with that question the influence of the Church of Christ was needed, and that branch with which they were associated should not hesitate to go for ward in the work. Surely, when they looked at the condition of social life in tbe colonies, they could not rest satisfied, but must go for ward. Another advance which they should __*•__«" *°.*f *rds » higher and purer ideal of ♦Uhnsttan life and Christian work. This could *_ _ *PPro*ch«d by the consecration of tttad, heart, and imagination to the service of Him who gave up all for them. Going for ward would solve many questions which at ***rosent appeared to be insoluble. He had seen that men who had gone forward, who in spite of apparently insurmountable difficulties had n *rs-. 0 way °V*n9i UP 'or them. Another result that men gained by going forward in one common cause wss that they had no time for Intestinestnfe * they saw the enemy ahead, and ___ I 1*011 nia overthrow they were never guilty of such treason as turning their swords upon one another. By going forward in a °__!.™ _ J_° rk they would do much to attain the Christian sympathy for which they prayed. The more they spread light and truth tae more would it be transfigured in their own souls, and the better would they be able to contend with ignorance, selfishness, deadly sins, and with unbelief, which, though it may be but a handful of vapour for a time, appears to hide the face of the Son of God. But if their enemies were before tbem surely also was their prise —the privilege of mould ■.*>., un, dor the power of Christianity, the K civilisation of the future. Old civilisations had ■ed away, but in the civilisation of Europe re were no signs of decay. Wss it an acci dent that that civilisation which would encom pass the world was impregnated with the power of Christianity and stamped as it were with the sign of the cross! He be !__T!r !_ WM n? t •"• accident Their Southern drilisation should also be animated •V th« fPWt of God and Christ A responsjbUity in this matter rested on them in no light degree, God bless their efforts. God bless ail who fight under the banner of OWstfanity. But surely they should not be _5_ M| _ '*- _-he warfare. Their own old. old Ohurch of England—inheriting rich traditions and grand resources—should still hold the place Of leadership, not only for her own sake, but for wej^te of their Lord and Master. (Prolonged The remainder of the evening was given up to promenade and conversation. A programme of vocal and instrumental music of unusual excellence was performed respectively by a string band under Mr. J. D. Owen and a double quartette of male voices under Mr. S. Kaye. Better male-voice singing has not been heard in Brisbane for many a day: but it and the other music was completely thrown away on the well-dressed crowd of people who chatted away heedless of the rich treat provided for them. Refreshments were provided at two incon venient! v small tables ; and, as those who served were fashionable young ladies instead of pro fessionals waiters, this portion of the enter tainment was not a great success. The Bishops fi?_ d *****>y Wends among those present; and Bishop Webber, though suffering from a severe headache, availed himself of tae chance of acquainting himself with not a few. The Governor and party left shortly after 10 o'clock, and the company speedily separated. 