WlSEW0M6fl-0FlHViEmfe8S. ¥ A TALE. Br William Black (Author o! "Maclaod of Dare," -"Judith Shake speare," " White Wing," ' Princess of Thule," etc). (Published by special arrangement with the author. Chapter !,<— At Fasslie Farm. Deep and heavy the long-swelling surge of the North Sea thundered along the Cromarty shore ; and high and shrill above that reverberating plunge sang and whistled mad shrieked -a strenuous wind, weeping: Inland ffcottx the wide waste . of waters ; bat nevertheless there was not a cloud in the cleir night sky ; the world was fill&d; with a lambent light moonlight ; and far across the silver-touched waves there wa visible the dusky outline of the oppo site coast, by Fort George, and Nairn, and Fiudhorn, and Burghead. In a small and dimly-lit room iu a farm house built high over that wild sea, an old— or rather, elderly: — man was seated in front of a massive iron chest, .the top of which he was oarefolly scraping with eome kind of iron instrument. He was a man short of 8t&inre.bnt; of nowerfulbuild ; his face hard- set and tanned and farrowed with wind and sun and rain. ; his hair almost white, and white also the bushy eyebrows set over a pair of remarkably penetrating grey eyes. I his was Robert Graham, the tenant of an extensive Bheep farm ; and the huge iron eofrer before him, from which he was diligently scraping the last traces of what ever paint might still be visible, had neen ! at one time the military chest of the garriao j at Fort Augustus, from whence it had betn i allowed to fall into private hands when the I fort was .dismantled. But it was not tb9 i contents of this massive chest that seemed |. to concern the farmer ; - it was the few r> mnining touches of green parat here rii?d I there; and to aid him ia the search x I removal of these he had piaced a soIit:i7 cradle beside him, though, indeed, as rbe > coffer sNJod in the window recesses, there was almost enough light coming in from the . mooufffc world without to enable him to pro- secute his task. " Now so still and hushed was this little I room that, in spite of all the wild roar of > the wind and sea outside, the scratching of ; the iron point was quite audible : and not f only - that, but also certain low fflutterings with which from rime to time the o d man : gave expression to such fancies as crossed hit brain. But these were broken and i detached, for sometimes he relapsed into I silence ; and so it will be more convenient j to (ut them down here consecutively, and in as plain a language at possible. 4< I am not more- su perstitiotts than MOst ; 1 but it's hotter to be on the sale side. The j earth 4b the Lord's -and the fulness thereof ; | but he bat permitted strange things to be in ! the world ; and maybe they have grown stronger than He intended, and can do more harm now. It's better to be friendly with botheides ; and it there was a Sith-bruth on Fasslie, - it's not a man or boy on the place would I allow to out a twig or lift a stone there. It's l ive and let live $ and if the little people bide in these knolls, it's not I that would be for disturbing them i veu if they cannot harm a man, as some say, maybe tney can harm ft sheep — ay, or a score of sheep. . . . And were there nd Grahams, now, among the Soldiers Of For Augustas they allowed 'this cheer to be painted "green Is there A Graham alive that does not fch'OW what colour it is that is fatal to <e¥ery one of the name— ay, when is is even a common story that never was a- Grahamshot in battle but it was found the bullet had gone through the green check of the tartan ? And twice and three times I stopped bidding for it ; until I said to my self, What has been put on Cab be taken on ; and what the knife will not finish the tur pentine Will finish ; and whete dan the 111 luck come from Then ? The five great locks, and tricks and Aoiktrivacces to outwit a xegiment ' what prying eyes or fingers will get to know about my business when I have everything Bhiit up here ? Alison may think what she likes ; the lass has grown saucy of late; but this iB' no kind of -cupboard or desk that she can try with her keys When t. am up on the hill. No, fee, Ut& ; What I have toiled and moiled lor, that I mean to keep t and there will be no need to trust a bank in Inverness when I have a safeguard \- like this iron chest, . , . But not a spot or streak of green— not a spot or a streaks Who oan tell where the ul luck "come, from? Sometimes it strikes at yotir blood and marrow ; sometimes itfft & bad lambing season ; sometimes it's ia bank that breaks. But I do iny best to keep well with both eidesry the minister haS no fahlt to find with me ; and 2 thete aire things that are stronger for good-luok or ill-luck I do my kcpto- ay, even to keep from n&ming; thtem. Maybe that was Why I got the VsArning that Jean Gillespie Wat to die — three taps qh the window just half an hour before, and none fcVarittg them but Myself. And the corpse- lights on ,Dru'msinnou Moor— it's I would riaoen aiong with the factor into tne tog but for the lights— and I eried to him— hut the cry he sent back Was the cry of a drowning .man. But there are some that have eoeh more than that, and have heard more than that ; and it's well to be friends Vitli them that can hurt — whether they are bslow ground or above I ay, it's better to say nothing, lest they should hear evil spoken of them, aud work mischief among the Ismbs, Or bring lightning about the house, as I have .heard tell. Not since I was a senseless lad have I'shot a single hare— just in case there might be a mistake, and a witch or a warlock spring up from the groucd : it's better to be on the safe side." . For foe hipment he seemed to have done with , hia scraping and polishing ; at all evente, be laid aside the knife or chisel ho "had been using, and proceeded to open the chest. : But this was a serious undertaking, :or not only haul the big key. to turn five .oaks st- bnce but also there wore bars and eveib to he raised simultauepusly, demand ing the exercjyse of a good deal of strength.: ,8'th broth 1-- A fairies' dreliing; generally n v;c:.y mound, finder which tk !a|rid$ »s eupoosed fOkve. " Eventually, however, the heAvyltdyiOldtri . Ho took both hU hand«to:rosk it, sMa po doubt the next mihhte it Would have beenl resting against the wall or the wiudow-sill j but that there was a sudden interruption that startled him. There was a brief sharp tapping, and the door of the room was thrown open. At the same time the roar or the sea and the wind that seemed to fill the house rushed into the little apartment, and a cold air made the candle fiame flicker. Robert Graham had not been expecting any snoh unceremonious visitor. He Wheeled round in his chair ; the lid of 1 the chest fell from his hands and shut with an ilarming noise — all the five locks and levers clanging at once ; and then he found standing before fcim the stranger wbo had tirade this endden entrance. , And yet this was neither ghost nor wizard that confronted him. On the con trary, the newcomer was a good-looking young follow of six and twenty or so, frank eyes, close-cropped, raven-black "a» aud an expression of features that in ordi nary circumstances might have been pleasant and friendly enough, but was now somewhat embarrassed by uncertainty. Obviously he was a sailor, but- the smartness of his costume showed that he was not an ordinary hand ; in point of fact he was ma-te of a trading schooner then lying at Nairn ; hie name, Alec Jameson.1 44 I'm sorry to interrupt you, _ Mr. Graham," he began, with some hesitation. . 41 But ye do interrupt mo," the other Baidj sharply ; and he scowled at. the yotingftr man from under the bushv tsbito Oybrows. 44 Ye do interrupt toe." Thiqk ye I've n<iething to do Wi' my time? I'm not a gentleman that can loiter about wi' my hands in my pockets, hindering other foM? and coming where he's not wanted. Ma certes, there's some that canna take "a hint tc= leave until they feel a horsewhip curling round their calves." There "wus a flarh Of fire i- young rilors -eyes but he strove to remain cahn, md even -co' .r" ecus. "If it's me yo i mean, Mr. Graham," said Yo quietiv, "you may rest content t' at there's not a man iu this country-side v ill lay either band or horsewhip on- me. But let that pass " " What do ye want ?" the old farmer said, abruptly. " Time's money. " Wei!, I'm ofi'for InvefnbUs to morrow. morning-»-=" 11 Yo'he welcome." But Jameson tfeemed determined to be civil, if that were possible. 44 And Alison," he continued, 44 Was asking if you and I cannot manage to part , a little better friend?. The lass is Sorry— and no wonder— attd if there's ftiijrthing Wrong that can be pdt right "Let Alison mind her own business," WaS the instant rejoinder, 44 and I can mind mine ; and, what's more, neither Alison's business nor my business is any o' yours. So you're welcome to .set off for Inverness as soon as ever ye like, 44 1 did not wish to go without holding out my hand, and seeing if we Ganilot come to more peaceable terms,'' the ydufig sailor said. 4 It's a fait offer, anyway. It must be a hafd thing fot a ydung laSs tb Be in a Position like thatPtro&hling; heHsIf that th only friends she has should he separated by a quarrel — and a quarrel about what t — lor I'm sure it's not me that: knows.' 44 Alison wants no friends .But her.owfi kith and that's bnoligh lor her,' the old man Said. Why should she. take up wi' strangers ? What is she to gain by that ? Ay, it's not her gain, it's theirs that's in question. Ay, ay, an old man may be an old man, and still see clear enough. It's young eyes that are dazzled — it's young brains that are made a fool of— -and a silly crayture of a lass will believe any smooth spoken, Idle fellow that comes hanging about her and speaking her feir. But I'll have nonb c' that in t'db hoiiae, yoimg man ; so you've lair Warning »n time. Alison was lett in my charge, and in my charge shell bide. I'm for no interlopers here. I'm for people minding their own business. In trouble, is she ? — and what's that to you ? A pretty pack of nonsense 1" 41 Well, yes, Mr. Graham," the yonnger man said, civilly, 44 Alison is in your Charge at present, but she might hdt heal Whys. :J Th dbep-bet grsy eyes darted an evil glance at him, bat he did not seem to notice that, 44 You know what both her and me have been looking forward to," he continued, in the most pacific tone of voice, 44 and I am sura it would be better for every one if there was a more friendly feeling about it. And what ts the objection ? If she leaves the farm there's many anotaCr yoit could get to keep thb hOuSe— 41 And it's yoU tkat conies in to tell toe what I maun ao !" the old Man said, glaring at him. 44 It's you .thAt coit|ei tid Hie ,wv advice v p£t bib fell lad, Gnat i'm amtfb Capable o' looking after my own affairs, as ye'll find' out if ye daur to meddle Wi them. Ay, or with Alison's either. A clean pair o' heels — that's the best thing for yott ; and if Fasslie never sees ye again, Fasslie wilt be aone the worse." ' ; ! rrt.' s. . ta i4 xnere waB sumcicnt ajscourcesy in xne wo:xis ; there was more In the tone in which they were uttered ; . and the younger man, though he strove to keep cool, began to lose the timid look of appeal that had been in ids eyes. 4 Well, it's a pity,' he said. 44Kard words will not mend matters ; aud i had Wished to leave Alison in happier spirits— — " 44 The leaving her is the best thing ye can ' do, and the sootier the better.. Have I net bid ye never darken , my door again ? God bless me, is a man not to have peace .and quietness in liis own house ?" the old man cried, angrily. . i 1 "Asto that, Jam mot siuethat it is your own house," the young savior said, quietly, but his face had gradually been. becoming firmer and . firmer.. 44 But I . %m nojfc' lawyer. It was Alison's father's i house, I know ; and I dare say he did not leave-her without her share in it.- >But this ;I'm quite sure of, as - long as Alison is, in it, and, as long as she is willing I ahould come to see :her, I'm not going to ask anybody ehe's leave. I don't want to quarrel Mr. Graham. I dou't want to mate matters worse. Indeed, I thought I might dome to aotoft kindtfif friendly undewtwcHifteff foJSToWtt sakes, at lst- the lafts Is. sore put whf nM4 that be? tYhy should flbe 10 troobtoj when there's no oiirte fohlt? I m ot aakrni her to marry to morrow or the nett dayj « would bo when it Was toCHsfc conveinent for h»r and fotyoh." " Jameson spoke faitly" and temperately, and also with a. touch of hope — or, at feast,, of appeal— ih ltia look; but the unlucky reference go the Ownership of the houto liad caused the farmer's eyes to gleam with wrath-, and now his vOicO, When fce spoke,- w&s; hardly under his control, so fiercely angry was he. "And how daur ye, sir; how daur ye crime here to speak to me about Alison or any other in this bouse ? What concern hare ye as to whether my niece is well or. ill ? Ay, I will tell ye what your interest is; well I know that, my fine fellow, thaV c;,n go about the country like a gentleman, while other folk have to ' work .and earn tl eir living ! Alison ? —it's not Alison, but Alison's gear you're after, -bd ye think that a decently .brought up girl like that will consort with an idle wastrel and gungrel, with a. Bailor chap, that has a wife ic ©very port he rails to? Get out- of this house, sir ; that is my answer. What, do you think the lass is blind ? Yecome after h'\r wi' your flattering and fawning; but is sic blind? Doeana she seO that Its her share, her small Share, in the farm that you're after, thai her father left her, and that I have tended Us if it was my own ? Add .where, would it- bo. in a year in a W3ek- — if you had it to scatter ? But she s not blind ; she's not blind ; youll go the w ty ye came, and empty handed aa yc came !" He paused, for fair lack of breath ; but mjall while the face of the younger man had grown darker. 41 Alison knows better," said lie, and as if it were safer to say no more. 44 Alison!" the old man said, with his voice now roused to passion pitch. 44 I'll have her know— ay, -and you,' top-who is tli 2 mister in this houfee. " I'nii for bo gaugrels and wastrels skulking about my. preiiiises--if there's a shot-gun or a horse- . whip handy. A fine thing, to make a fool of a silly idiot of a lass, that doesna ken the difference between an honest nian and a thief— a thifef that Would get hold of ^What ever Bhe has, and waste it in Bis idle courses. But that's no done yet ; ne/tior1 while I'm above ground will it be dhne." " 44 It's the first tlnic In toy life thai t hay ever been Called a thfel," Alec Jameson 'said— afid his hands were trembling a little, though he spoke with a kind-of fqrped com posure. 44 Well, I mean to see who Is the thief." j . ; 44 What mean ye, y 011009114161?" .. 44 1 mean this — plump and plbi will I tell ye what I mean,'.' the t youhger man said, and it was . evident thnt he hadone now with all thoughts of pacifioatipn. 1,4 1 offered to make mends wi' yoii, for Alison1 sake. That' notto and good. You and I will Sttlb, this jiiHer petweeii Ourkelves no w, Mr. Grahain.i and Brag will not do it ; and bjuster will not Jo lt ; and calling names Will not dolt. xnier 1 aay goeu iu»u, M 4»-.¥,Jr rfiv word. It's t that Want to w.Wkthfl iief---" . . : ; ..; f -r : " Will Jtld my fefito !,J .farmer said, springing to his feet -'v- 44No. I will not. "And T will not letfye this room nnril I have said raySy,i,,wks the calm rejoinder, though JanlesOn's lips were, rather pale, afed his eySk' fUiT of a dangerous1 fire. ? 44 Mfod you; AttSoii'Will be guided by me— that's ofte thmg ybwnfsy make sate tff; and Tin thinkfbg itrs'tlifhe there' was a Sfettletiietit aBotfhhet' cflafo in tfie fariii that was left h# by hist Jarifri-i Whefe has that gone to all these yOkrs ? Not a penny has she had to spend ok herself except for clothes/ : and she's clad like 1 a servant lass ; she is but av servant lass, bnt that she gets no wages, Where's her money ? Where's her Father's will';' that she can tell what belongs1 to het? And you think' that everything is to go Oh aa it is, the lass Slaving awajf: at kaepiog the hfaukb fdt ydfii ahd thinfedf altei- lhg he? Condition, ahd neVef to as& qde tions, but to let you make away with her money from year to year? But there's an end to that now — there's an end. ; and the lawyers in Inverness will be oalled in "to declare who ia the thief." Rage pure and simple seemed - to have paralysed the old farmer, but only for a few Seconds. With a kind of inarticulate cry of 44 You scoundrel ! you scoundrel I" he sprang forward with uplifted -arm, as if threatening to fell his enemy. Bat Jameson merqly held out his open hand, palm out- Ward. . . " tioh'l you coMe near me, t tfarfi yofo You're an older man than I am;: and 1 don't want to strike yon ; bat' I Will allow no man to put a hand on me. - I'm going. I've said my say. - I wanted to-be friends with you — for Alison's sake. Now- its war And thfefe's them in Inverifesi will soon be brought to deriuto which of Us iwO is rite tnur. - . i ' - - Ee turned abrul dhfi lefti, 44 And may the lightning rftrdi beaten blast you ere ever you set foot In Inverness streets !" the ' older man said, scoff fing helplessly at the now vacant doorway; 5 Be went back to fife seat in front of the iron eheSt, and sat doff o ) fie was all shaking w ith the excitement .of this sfortny fotr- view, ; but the anger iu.his heartj instead :of 'subsiding, grew only the more fi|He as ho: thought of the meaning of the sailor's threats. He chanced to . look oht soJ . the: window at the heavilv- rolling gea thaj Was clearly visible for mifes . and.'! mifek. fo.ihe nioonlight, ( % "Ay," he said to himself, 44 that is tiie sailore' graye, wide, and deep ;thatfe tbe thing that coir ee to you in >the end. Thftre are nQ threats when there e fifty fathoms o' water above ye— rand J would , God ymi were lying.,, the re how The meolckit scoundrel Jrrftiid -he bee got this go wath him and. the lawyers, at Inver ness? — " >. - .4 U---. . : He rose and began walking up end . dowp the email apartment, muttormg io sometimes, as was his wont, ana sometimes raying to bimstell, " and if all the fefories be rirn semetiAes ydtt can get theni oh' yohr side, and chey'Jl work" foByoh a hiiRchM 0q yotr - dpemiea ds easily as anything the: I ' ve bhard of ships bring struck by lightninfe cbtnlng out of a clear sky ; how .was that bdtbk totoe Interfeteooe ? But he's not oh thd raa; n'or wfil be for a while yet; I suppose ; the grave is waiting him there wide and deep, wide and deep ; bnt it may be a long rime yet.'1 He tnrned to the open door, as if fearful that those unspoken desires might be over heard ; then he' went to the top of the.atair and listened ; there was no . sound bat the cry of the wind -and the fieavier plunge of the sea; then he returned to the room, and shut thp door behind him, and resumed his dark meditations. 44 The venomous snake, to come creeping intq a man's house ; .hut I'll be even with him yet, if I burn the heather for a mile round him. Ay, I have seen them twisting themselves into, a ball, and writhing ana writhing as the circle of the fire same closer and oloser on them ; and that's how I'll have him writhe sooner or Inter ; and then there will be a laugh ! Oh,, its very safe you are when you're burning. the heather; you're oil the outside of the ring ; it's the adders that are to toe miqaie, ana lively enougn they ate when the fiame eotiaea hotter ana hotter os them. And that's the fiime I would have burning in bis heart !" . ; Add them he went back upon the line of thinking that had occupied him when be was scraping the last traces of paint from the lid of the iron chest. 41 1 have been a careful man, careful not to-offend either side ; and if they're friendly to me now as I think they, were when the factor rode into the bog, maybe they would help. Ayj that would be the way to get even with him, instead of waiting for the -wide grave there; and maybe, if they would set to work at once,. there might be a stop put to his business with the lawyers iu Inverness. Tbey say the wise women cab manage it, but itd hard to get at theio the fisdal hunts tttem and hunts them whenever he goto the ohanoe ; and there's scarcely a one left now. But I've heard of hem now ahd again, and I conld find; out ; ahd If the unknown people are friendly to me — if they understand that I never took a stick of & stone Jroir a Sith bruth all the years of my lffcT-thfen, my friend Jaihfesbp, t may be upsides with yon; ay, it wili not be the lawyers in Inverness yon will be thinking of; yen willi be writhing like the snakts when the heatoerSeen fire.9 1 ' Chapter IL-tBx Thb Bhobs, < Meanwhile the yotoig 'kallor had qtifckly recovered his equanlffilQr f as ho went down the steir and along the passage to the outer , door of the konrahewas aome what osfenri ridusly whliringdnst rin oase one ' or other of thh fedk or lasses might happen to have bvfttheird theie hii ftordf. Afid < probably imtiiktng that finmi appeal tO toe old ttran htt Kafd ofen lfiOved teller by tb wish to pteam pEfettry Afffon Grahaffi thafi ay vay HuqanraopB ,ui saooBH ; aou now he was xio vforSe am than he was bfert ; Vathei Vottethe tffftb, fo'rihll Oped dtolatliriOh I sMBy-«hallyfo|; balaofiihg ' <8? prebabilhiesv 1 'ASSk|n Vfbuldioffr know the wont ; she wOuld'iM 'eidled, upon to ehoose for. 'herself. , And es1 taunt that it was only bvr money fhat h£ was after—' well,- he Would ieave th&t; question aho to ba set'lsd 6yf AHfon; and he thought 'he knew ffbat the kuswtw would be, "> Arid. «3 lifr leff the hoUee--f-fixiog hkt osg fight fe Ardsr fo .fece the fierce guito. , sdrfahd set qut along the fttan ieading by the Snored If be was whistling ppjffjno one could hear hun, for all the night was .filled with the niah aBd roa? of that vrfid snoonlit aea that . came thunderidg in on the rooks below. hTm ; but there seemed .no farther need Jo fmake any such professbn of eheetf illness, for apparently he was qnite alone InJhia stiangely clear and vivid WOrld. , For sbfife . uttle dfetance; ris h4 walked sffiartlj tfo) tb r04d fifllOwd th? windings of the shore, ffofn It ?ti tick iatatd somewhat, skirting a plantation of lerdi and sprnce, and it was at the corner of this wood that Jameson paused and looked around him, uncertain. He bad not long to wait. The next moment the figure of a young .woman had eome quickly and quietly out firom the dusk of the larches into the open moonlight ; his sweetheart waa olasped i& fails arms "Well, Ailie, lass, It's a wild night to be keeping you outside." ' "Bnt What said hs, Alee? What raid he f" she broke lmf With a ri%mbling anxiety in hef tone. ,rI» It aH right tow, Alee? HaVe you made friends f The young" saBor labghed in kn "ets- batransed kind of why, and pushed kick foe thick tartan slfewl ' whlcfo fcbe ktei thrown over bet beftd land shoulders,' no that. he could get abeteffow ef theup- tnrnea oval iace ana renaer aayx erne vyv» and rich and abarHant'cheatnut brovrri bair Her seemed in no burry to begin his story. Those' eyfo were:prbtfo "td look fft", despite foeir oftgef ndeSrionfos; nnd het brown hair foatheBad broil iht abefert hercheeks, Was foftto:footoh. c ? 1 ' , 44 eli me, , Afed. I« it 'gngd news yo<i have J" she pleaded, for that. shc?rt hiseounded rather ominous. ; A 4, J?aitb, Ailie, ; la, foe hewfe is foe best," sai<I Jie.Imogh he syokefoiite f|dfoerfuMy«ijan4 jt the same: rime). , Hut it'e tiothiag to pe downhearted .abou V. not a bite my ,1bi;al,e Ja«te He iimVbih you' for What hs ,ba®enedv anyway, ' ybu'll bono wortB fbtV abqqt. whw Tkppand8,'- light to® whole matter. kg be bo more beifoD I ,rw1 5 youf 3wi« «pd I haveoome to 1 a plain understonding at last.' ... , - . " You've quarrelled—worse than over 1 ; the cried. " Well," said he, and he took toe pretty ; oval face iu his two hands, " and what to there to be frightened at ? Why should r . your pretty eyes look so troubled, all about ; notbing ?" " And yon said you would be patient you said you would be patient for my sake," Shesaid, reproachfully. "And I was," He answered. "I, was 1 indeed. Patient? Yes, ah long as might be. Well, I'll toll ycu the truth Ailie. I did what I could at tho beginning. "I tried to be as friendly as ever I cOum speak ; : though I would not have taken what he said to me from any other man, for I kept thinking of jgu, AilSe, and of your life at the farm ; and, says I to myself, Hard Words don't break bones, and it's all for Ailie's sake ! Then there came something ? that I could not- stand." He pauBed, seemingly Toluotant to go on. " What was it, Alec?" He regarded her in silence for a seccmd or so, pretending to scan her face curiously, ' Bat if I put such things into your head, my dearie, maybe you'd think them true ?" " What thiags?" " Supposing you were to hear B said that - it was not you that I wanted, but your muircy, jum cueire ui nie i arm ana uie house ?" He affected to retreat from her a little hit ; and, in fact, Withdrew his hands from i her shoulders. And if you told me so yourself ! would not believe you," said she, simply. M But are yon sure, now, Ailie ? Maybe it's true. If you were to be told that I was an idle wastrel and vagabond, with a wife in every port the Princess Mary sails to ; and that I only wanted to get hold of your money to scatter and spend it, aud io leave you when it was done, I daresay— supposing you were to hear that said of me ?" There was a proud, smile ou her face ; she did not answer. "Look here, Ailie," he continued. . "Just oonsider. Maybe they're no so far' wrong. Here am I with an offer from toe owners of the Princess Mary that they'll make me akipter 3s BQh 34 I can raise enough money .to buy a fifth share. x!tb a terrible temptation for a man. And then ! there's a young lass at Faselie that ought te / be well off if she had ail#mt belongs to ber : , and I oorce courtiug.iiiat; young buss, ant .tolling her toe's 4he: prettiest kuu in fehe nocto of Sootiand only that's no lie, tor ljer . loog- glaai - toll hervaz;mnto aoy day to ie jree— and pretending tkat it's jker Tm after, when -it's the, ?oap twin's ehin in tke Princess Mary T m afier— — " ' " And yon would have the money toif morrow morning, ASec, if -I bad ft to give fa," aaid showhich- was a iifee iUogioal max Ito toese speculatipnB,ojfiu- ' : - . . ' Bat .w⁢ a minute, Ailie, he said, " tor Is ..oipl . Jcer guess. 2 I go to aee toe qtVcie of, the young lass, to make peace with "Mav anS wmbimeyer ; bjuthe'll no hear, of \- any trhing of Sund ; and what ia all th4 IJObsb z property ; and her ahare to .ttoo'W to»V.a4ad wto.the towyers ..fa JEpvpimite . abuld have totoy. f hMyrnwyr-mopey u the whole eay you wpuld .net believe that | & -Af l\ did nwyjbeto'e'oot -the first ttoie I hffv# ' heard such thinge halted#" ;«ud (»he, wfito a . mnile-i and. indeed, if h ef einamcdrat Jteude, and dekthatahe b£»towLon toitetn-h>d Ohj yiajgjwny '« the tlpe haws teenglad beoewing.Jo meyimple wopld .only makc up tbe nJjggP&i;,. 4 f wbwere to marry ?" he cfied, and he 'qlme nearer her agajn, And took hold of her 'Yy the two shoulders. ' . " AVctt, wheii we marry, she said, with "dbwucilt eyhs, ''it wfll be something to start the house with, Wherever we choose to live.1" Oh, yes; and the ehare in the ship, too— if it is possible— do yoii. tliink you Would be five minutes without that, if I had the mofiey in 1 my haufi ? , Would it not be for my good as well as for yours, my dear?" " Yes, yes," said he, " for there's the captain's cabin, " Ailie ; and you could coine a voyage with me now and again; and! would introduce you tb my other wives, in the different places." : "Well, now, Ailie, "said he, , speaking more toriously, " when that was cast in liiy eeth — that it wae your money I was afier — -J could" not B'atid' " thai. 'To be called a thief, too; ay, and who ia the thief, says X ?" Where is- the ononCy yoU havekept back from Alison all theto years ? ' VY.iiat kind of a story will the lawyers have to make ;trat? -For it was . a stiffish quarrel, Ailie, darling, and that's a fact ; aud it's all oyqr between" him and me for certain ; and wp»ve got to make the best, of . matters as tb,ey,staud. It's never again shall I be withib that ' .. -kt -nA. fLt' '--uouse,- xnaa s-ujteui «i»i to come to me now t l. srill neyer bedside tbat house again.' 1 . , i " Alec, Alec 1 " she said In a voice of deep, entreaty, ' surely it isnot so bid as that t . I asked you, to be patient — " . . , . ' Patient, lassie 1 " jhe exclaimed, "I tell you I was as to11 €er , me, I had to warn, hun back, pr he would have struck me with his fist. Th6 man's mad, I'm thinking ; or else it's this— that he is keeping back even more than we suspect, and "that the very _ mention of lawyers is enough 'to drive him out of his wits. Well, what's done is done what we have to do is the next thing. You see, lass, I have no right to interfere in your affairs at all." ' And why not, Alec?" said she. Affld ! if not yon, who else, then? It's not my, <ahcle I would look to. I think he would be glad if I were dead and out Of the way." ' "No doubt; that's the very. thing that ovonld suit him ; but we cannot jtuft oblige him so far as that, lass," Jameson atd. -Diit off the way, ihayha ; yes, we may tok ye pot of the way, or out of his way'-1 -rather ; but if ye wete to be ruled by mo— orik it was my business to ihterfete— he would soon && Put tiibtr ye were hot dead #t all InA very nmok alivh," « dfMtotedd-dfoo>.haise me do, AdeolC Ihaye none to look to bat you. What is it yon want mo todof' said she, with absolute trust in her eyes. " Leave ,F asslie, " said he, at once, " and oome and. live- with- my mother at Nairn for a- few weeks. Then we will get married ; and then I will have the right to interfere in your affiirs — and who else She aighed a little. ,,-!t,s a pity," she said at length- " I thought sorae" friendly arrangement might ; be made. Why should .my uncle be set against it ? He. will have plenty, even after I go." "Perhaps there is a little settling up of accounts that might be inconvenient," the young man suggested, drily ; but instantly he added, iu a tone of vexation, " Bat low is It that money, and money, and moay seems to fill the whole of this night? No, ho, I will not interfere. Somebody else must guide ye, lass. Take advice now : go to some shrewd- witted person, and just tell, the truth. Say you have a sweetheart, and y ou are not sure of him — — " " Alec 1' Bhe said— and forthwith the ; pretty, appealing blue eyes began to fill v ith j tears. Bat it's the way of the world, you foolish creature !" he said, with pretended anger. " How do. you know tnat your uncle is not right -" " It is no use your speaking like tbat— tq me," she said "proudly. . '."N&» and it js not fair, Alec. And is not. so much time we have together that you should tlirow it wav iu.. speaking nonsense." " Well, then, will you leave Fassllo ?" For answer she clutched his hand ia affright. ; Her feminiue watchfulness had caught sight of something that he bad not noticed at all — th0 figure of a man away along there on the' wliite dnsty road, " It's my uncle," she said ; and Instinc tively she caught her lover by the arm and drew him further into the dusk of the trees. wo bs coktikuxd. 