traveller. Three Weeks in .Southland, N.Z. Bx Fjianii Mobiiey. ~. (Continued.') ? H From Kingston to Queenstown the Bconery is comparatively tame for Lake Wakatip ; .: although, if the tourist were to limit his ex ouraion to Queenstown, he would probably be under the impression that the gorges and mountains that he passed in- review as the little Mountaineer steamed on its way were tolerable specimens of nature under diflicul ' ties. Every quarter of a mile or so a minia ture cascade would come tumbling down from the mountains, and some of them never reached tho Lake at all but were frozen in their course, and remained hanging like a silver thread partly lost amid the dense ~ growth of cabbage palma, ferns, and scrub, which clothed the western slope of the moun tains from the water's edge. Although Teunyson, so far as I know, never visited Lako Wakatip,, ho has described ' the appearance ot those tiny rivulets to per fection in the Lotos Eaters— 1 Like a siher thread the slender stream . Tg fall, and pause, and fall again did seem.' About half-way between Kingston and Queens town the river Loony conies tumbling down a gloomy gorge, guardod by two snow capped mountains, which. stand like sentinels watoh ing tho river as it rushes over ita shingly bed to mingle its waters with the mighty Wakatip. This is called Halt-way Bay — a very prosaic name for the first romantio spot which greets the traveller on his way to tho more gor geous scenery at tha head of tho lako. In the meantirao tho little Mountp.iuoor i-i steaming along past tho (mow-capped moun tains which appear to closo in behind her, and in front present an impenetrable wull, where ?? Hills peep o'er hill?, and Alps on Alps arise I ' antil tho very grandeur ot tho scene becomes monotonous, and I descend into tha KUla sabin, where I find my commercial friend sound asleep over a yellow back novel, on the jrimson cushions of the cosy little saloon. I also endeavor to become interested in a French novel which I had picked up pro miscuously in a Sydney book-stall ; and if the novel wns not quite so enthralling as the title of ' Li Fomino de Cire ' would lead one to expect, it was certainly amusing to read a Frenchman's opinions of the ' ladies and gentleman Ncw- Yorliais,' whioh were per haps more original than correct. According to this veracious Frenchman the average 'gentleman New-Yorkais' mar ries one week and is divorced the next. His life is a choice mixture of true religion and brandy cock-tails, tempered ' aveo le re volver.' The hero of this choice specimen of Gaelic literature is one James Gobson, who in the opening chapter playfully knocks one of his wife's teeth out, and artistically outs off her left ear. He then disappears into the Bocky mountains, from whence he despatches a band of Bed Indians, who capture his wife from the centre of a circle of admiring friends who, at her invitation, are enjoying the delights of ' un bal masque!' The body of a woman is subsequently found floating in the river, and is identified as Miss IdaEickard (otherwise Mrs. Gobaon). 13y the way, Mrs. Gobson is always called Miss Ida, which is an additional proof of the author's familiarity with American manners and cuEtoms. James Gobson is Buspected of being the murderer of his wife, whoso supposed body has been identified; and be is about to bo arrested when he coolly walks into the detective office with a cigar in his mouth. In spite of his assertions that Ida Bickard is still alive, he is about to bo hanged, to the great satisfaction of a Yankee mob, who aro yelling for his blood, when Ida Bickard herself turns up. The living Ida Bickard and the dead Ida Bickard are as much alike as Ctcsar and Pompey ; and the new-comer ib also minus a tooth and an car in a precisely similar man ner to the corpse. The supposed murderer, James Gobson, is now released amid the en thusiastic acclamation of the mob which, only five minutes before, was howling for his blood. Then tho divorced Mr. and Mrs. Gobson are re-married, and the presumption is that the playful Gobson will now proceed to cut off his wife's other ear and knock out another tooth or so, in the accustomed man ner of the 'gciitlcmcn Naw-Yorkau.' But a preternaturally acute deteotive, William Dow, still persists in believing that James Gobson has killed his wife ; so he has a cant of the dead Ida Bickard taken in wax; and this ' Femme de Giro ' plays a very im portant part in unravelling the mysteries of the rather ghaatly story. It appears that James Gobaon, who must have been a very nice man for a small tea-party, had killed his wife, and married his deceased wife's sister. Then he had out off his deceased wife's sister's ear, and knocked out ono of his deceased wife's Bister's teeth in order to make tho re semblance of tho twin sisters more exact. Then he re-marries his deceased wife's sister, pretending that she is hia deceased wife, whom he thus praotically demonstrates not to be deceased at all. In the long run, of course, James Gobson is hanged; but it would have been muoh better if he had been hanged in the first chapter, both for tho writer and reader of this remarkable novel. But while my friend the commercial is snoring on one side of the little saloon, and I am trying to become interested in this gory tragedy on the other, the Mountaineer is speeding on her way to Queenstown, and from the little windows of the saloon I can see that we are still passing gloomy gorges and snow-capped mountains, which appear to be getting wilder and more rugged the further we proceed. We reach Queenstown about i o'clock, and a most charming little hamlet it looks with the little white houses, putting one in mind of a township of Liliput, on the shores of a perfect little miniature bay, backed by mountains of brobdingnagian pro portions. As our steamer slowly made for the little jetty we had timo to tako a good view of the little town and its surroundings before getting too close to lose the effect of the scene as a whole. To our right, as we steamed in, was a sort of little peninsula, planted with blue gums— a tree which seems to flourish better in New Zealand than in Australia ; and, indeed, I question whether the Tasmanian blue gum i? not quite as much at home in New Zealand as in its native island. As we stand on the deck of the steamer and look over the little peninsula which helps to form the little bay, our view is stopped by a rugged mountain mass which shoots straight up from the water, and looks like a gigantic cross-out saw with teeth C,000 feet high, pointing skyward, and over which some playful Titans had scattered flour in sport. These are 'the Bemarkablo Mountains ; ' but why they should be more remarkable than the ten thousand other mountains whioh are visible at the same time, it is hard to say. They are certainly rugged and steep, and razor baoked; with angry looking black teeth jutting out of the pure white snow which vainly tries to cling to the smooth, shining surface, springing up almost perpendicularly until lost in the clouds and mists. They are old and haggard looking ; scarred and seamed, and torn with the storms and tempests, and frosts of ten million years or more ; but they are no more remarkable than any one, or any ton thousand other mountains which crowd and jostle each other for standing room around Lake Wakatip. By this time wo are at the QueenBtown wharf, and a large proportion of the inhabi tants of Queenstown, in the shape of two men and a boy, are thereto witness our disembark ation. ' . Half of the entire passenger list of the Mountaineer, from Kingston to Queenstown, leave the steamer at the latter pore, when my friend the Commercial steps on Bhore. He is bound for tho Arrow, a mining township about fifteen miles further on, and the centre of a considerable diggings, about whioh the name of the Shotover recalls familiar recollections. But before he goes we adjourn to Eiohardt's hotel, where we drink our first whisky since leaving the Elbow. Tho hospitable and motherly landlady welcomes my travelling companion as an old acquaintance ; and as I have only a limited timo at my eommand, she advises me to go on by the boat to the head of the Lake, and return to Queenstown by the Sarah-Jane, another of the Wakatip steam boats. At 5 o'clock, then, the third whistle of tho Mountaineer (whioh, by the way, sounds more like a fog-horn) breaks the silence, and rever berates from the hills, and advises all pas sengers to embark. It was nearly dark when we baoked away from the Queenstown wharf. The mists were gathering thiok upon the mountains; and these snow- draped giants looked like BO many ghosts brooding over Borne black tarn in a gigantic spirit land. Now wo are swal lowed up in the darkness, and the last lights of QueenBtown have disappeared. With nothing visible but the inky blaok water, of whioh one ia only conscious by the percep tion of an added blackness, and an occasional glimpse of a ghostly something on our right, whioh, disappearing sternward, we presume to be tho rooky shore of the lake within reaob, almost, ot an outstretched hand; while high above our head, and apparently overarching tho lake, and reaohing out to meet eaob other in the gloom, aro huge masses of darkness visible ; thcao we iustino- 1 i tivcly aooept as the mountains everlastingly towering to the sky, and now only visible be caupc more blackly invisiblo than the murky vault nbovo them. In such a soono as this it must have been that Edgar Allan Poe conceived h;3 mystical poem, Ulalume: — ' Tho skied they were ashen and sober ; The leavea they were crisp6d and sere — The leaves they were withering and sere ; It was night in tho lonesome Ojtobor Ot my most immemorial year. It was hard by tho dim lako of Awber, In the misty mid region of Woir — ? It wai down by the dark tarn of Auber, In tho ghoul-haunted woodland of Weir.' In such a scene as this the poet wandered ' through an alley Titanic of cypress ' with Psycho his soul. But it requires tho soul ot a poot to extract the hidden beauties of cueli a Ecene as this. Hidden they are indued ; for there is absolutely nothing but darkness visible, unless what may be visible ' to the. mind's eyo, Horatio.' Eiit here cornea the captain, who, up to this point, has been up in thebridgo, and we get into oomeroation about things in general and L%ko NaviJiUiun in particular. The ship's certificate1, hanging at the head of the companion-way, gives ua tho following information about our oaptain and hia vessel : — Name of the steamer : Mountaineer. Port of registry : Duncdin. Name of master : Edward Thomas Win:;. Blistered tonnage : GG. And I may as well acknowledge at once that I was very muoh exercised in my mind as to the reason why such a good seaman who, liko Captain Corcoran, has 'sailed the ocean blue ;' and who, moreover, is a gonial, worthy gentleman, should bo content to navigate Lake Wakatip in a toy steamer. But Captain Thomas Wing knows what he is about, and doubtless he has good and potent reasons for sticking to a post which is ctr tainly less profitable than others that ha might easily aspire to. It is not to be sup posed that navigating Lake Wakatip is less difficult than intercolonial navigation. Under certain conditions, I should think it would be much more hazardous. Here we are now steaming along full speed in pitchy darkness without a solitary light or land mark visible. On our right is a rooky wall plunging down into unfathomable depths. We cannot see tho rocky shore, but we know, or at least suppose, it is within say four hun dred yards of our starboard bow. On our left is another rooky wall, springing from equally unfathomable depths. These two rocky walls are constantly altering their position in no cordance with tho serpentine twists of the lako — or rather the lake ahers to suit their contortions. Bight in front of us, and stretohing across the lako from wall lo wall — we cannot say from shore to shore, as there is practically no shore— are a series of rocky islands, through which, in the blackness of darkness, the oapcain, by some sort of blood instinct or inspiration, has to thread his way, Ocean navigation is mere child's play to this. Hero, ten minutes' steaming in a wrong direction, or past a certain point (which point in tho darkness can only be guessed at), and the vessel ia hurled upon a wall of rock ; and if she were tho Groat Eastern herself she would be swallowed up, and leave not a ripple on the surface in less than five minutes. There, out in the high seas, if the aaptain is dubious of his position, he can turn his vessel's head towards the South Pole, or wherever he likes into illimi tible waters, and steam away with safety until daylight. (To he continued.) 