LOCAL NEWS. While the future supply of reliable labor for the Queensland sugar industry still remains unsettled as to its color and nationality, it is gratifying to observe that the prospects of the Polynesian traffic are — on the principal of the sur vival of the fittest— so improving that the vessels remaining in the trade are falling into good hands, and enjoying considerable success in their recruiting operations. We note that an old trader, popular with the Polynesian islanders, is now just off the slip preparatory to a fresh start under new auspices. We allude to the schooner Sibyl, which is now at the wharf completing her equip ment. This vessel was purchased at forced auction in Mackay a few weeks back by Messrs. Southerden and Chris toe, and has undergone a thorough over haul under the new owners' auspices. Placed on Anderson's slip, the Sibyl has been re-coppered, made thoroughly staunch, and received a number of inter nal improvements for the additional ac commodation of the Government Ageut, crew, and kanaka passengers. She is now pronounced by nautical experts who visited her in our company to be as good as a new ship, and under the com mand of Captain Lewis, who has been singularly careful and therefore fortunate in a series of recruiting voyages to the islands, the Sibyl ought to give a good account of herself and repay her new owners for the expense and care bestowed in equipping the vessel with liberal regard to the new regulations. When the vessels in the trade fall into the hands of firms or men possessing the means, the will, and the officers to com ply with the written aud unwritten laws which should regulate the traffic, as in the case of the Sibyl, we may expect such an improvement in the supply of Polynesian labor as will render it wholly unnecessary to look to Germany or India for the requisite plantation labor. The weekly meeting ot the Hospital Committee was held on Tin^il-i v n noon. Present — Messrs. II. 'Palmer (chairman), H. Walker, E. F. Hauley, A. F. Sapsford, .). E. Clayton, and C. A. J. Woodcock'. A. letter was read from the Post and Telegraphic Department re mitting the amount paid for the tele phone, the use of the instrument to Iu free of charge. The visiting committee reported that they had visited tho new hospital grounds, and hail found that the hospital building would occupy the whole of the frontage, from one side to the other, anil recommended tliat those members of tbe committee who had not visited the ground should do so. 1 n con sequence of this .Messrs. H. Palmer, C. A. J. Woodcock, A. I1'. Sapsford and the sur geon, Dr. (.'aide, visited the place, and al tera thorough inspection it was decided to send the following telegram to the Colonial Secretary and the Colonial Architect: — 'Following urgent and most important alterations in the new Ho- piial recommended by the Committee : Surgeon sLrongly disapproves of present! position of building facing west on i account ol noL sun lata) to patients. Committee agree to leconiincndation and ] strongly recommend that the position of the building he reversed overlooking the town, facing SE; also curtailment of covered way between wings of main build ing from to22ft.each. This will dimi nish cost of walls and will reduce the future working expenses of the hospital. That verandah be altered from 7 feet to 10 feet wide. Contractors stopped work pending reply.' Suggestions were thrown out that the laying ofthe founda tion should be accompanied with suitable form and ceremony. We are favored by the Secretary of the Maryborough Chamber of Commerce, with a copy of a letter received from Mr. It. B. Sheridan, M.L.A., as follows Ui- lfibiiuc, March 3, 1SS5. To l.lie Secretary Chamber ol' Commerce, Mary borough. Sir,—1 There arc n few iteius of interest to your Chamber, as well as to tho inhabitants of Mary borough, on which 1 have L'leut pleasure in giving you Information, as follows:— The Hospitai, — Provision Is made for the house surgeon's residence. The Colonial Archi tect states tliat it will he built on an adjoining block and within less than 100 yards ol the main Hospital building. Polynesian Hospital— ^ Telephone Is to be extended to there, as well as to tho General Hospital. EI.ISCTIIIC Tisr.EGKAl'Jl Dlil'Ain'MllNT. Ten ders lor extension to Sandy Cape and Quaran tine Station are ordered to be allied for imme diately, and verandah at west end Post and Telegraph olllees is approved. Rah.wav DnPAitTMiiNT.— Working ulaus and speclllealions lor wbarl extension will be ready wifhlu a fortnight The same lor Howard lo Rundaberg wilt be In a position to call for tenders within two months. l'-reigbt nil the carriage of bricks from Aldcrshot to Mary borough is recommended by Trallic Manager lo be reduced from 'Js lid to Is Sd per ton. JIAKVIIOKOUOII 1'il.oT Stkamkk. — Colonial livasurer assures me that the ' Llewellyn | being intended for Maryborough, should and would only be employed l.bere. MANUl-'ACTUKlvS WITHIN' TlIK COTjONV.— The Premier informed nit. and subsequently my colleague aud myself together, that he was staunchly iu lavor ol' all machinery and olhi r art teles for the public service being manufactured in the colony, aud particularly where and wlieu possible at the localities where required. Now, as I have ample time at my disposal, pray let me know bow I can bo most useful, aud llelieveme, Dear Sir, Yours very truly. It. U. Slliiltin.vN. We notice that surveyors are at work marking off into building allotments the laud ou Saltwater Creek road, adjoining the racecourse. This is the laud that the trustees of the racecourse were lately em powered by Act of Parliament to sell to help them to clear oiT some of the liabili ties incurred ou buildings and improve ments to the course. As these allotments adjoin that end of Newtown which is advancing so rapidly, the probabilities are that good prices will be realized, but probably the land will double its present value during the next year or two, and if it were withheld from sale for a time, much more would be realized. Now the question arises, would it not be much better for the Municipal Council to take over tbe racecourse lands and liabi lities, and wait for a year or two before selling, when probably £1000 worth could easily be disposed of without damaging the racecourse? One great reason wby tlie Council should take over the laud is that it is granted under deeds aud there fore could not be filched from its rightful owners as all our other reserves are when ever they are faucied by anyone else. Wituess'our 90-acre reserve. Where is it? Going bit by bit, and it is evidently the duty of our municipal fathers to provide for ihe future wants of the town. The new appointments to the Licens ing Board of Alary borough, as gazetted last week, have* caused a good deal ol local discussion, owing to tbe too glaring political nature of tiie cbauges made by the Government. Messrs. A. H. Wilson and J. Purser have been left off the Board, aud Messrs. David Clarke aud Robert Jones appointed iu their stead. No word of reproach could possibly be uttered against the two citizens now dis carded, for they have discriminately aud patriotically supported the Police Magistrate in nronerlv regulating aud controlling the liquor traffic in this town. Their successors resemble them in beiug men of irreproachable character, and the ouly diilerence in qualification which appears to have in fluenced the Ministry iu making their appointments, is that of political lean ings. Messrs. Clarke and Jones are known as very active political workers for the preseiit Ministry, while those whom they supersede hold different sen timents. How political power is to be honorably secured by appointing hot partisans to the Licensing Board — which should be distiuctly a non-political body if the general public good is to be con served — is perhaps known only to those who endeavor thus to seek it. Slight appreheusion as to tli'e safety of the Coomba and Ellen, schooners. was raised iu town yesterday morning by the receipt of a telegram sent from Iuskip Point to the Superintendent of Telegraphs iu this town, to the cfl'eut that a large quantity of ne'.v pine timber had floated in from seaward', supposed to be from the vessels aboveiiientioned, which sailed ou Sunday last. A secoud telegram came in, however, later on iu the day, with the satisfactory news that the timber came from tho Coomba while anchored off Double Island Point, aud that both vessels had left there yesterday moruiug bound south. Rough weather had no doubt necessitated the the jetti soning of a portion of the Coomba's deck cargo, for the strong south-easterly gale which prevailed iu the early part of this week was calculated to give small vessels a troublous time at sea. The fears which have been expressed in some quarters that the bridge over Saltwater Creek was insecure, ought to be dispelled by a crucial test which was applied yesterday. A large steam boiler, provided by Messrs. John Walker & Co., Limited, as a part of an extensive sugar plant for the Urangan Sugar Company, was despatched to the estate. The boiler, weighing about seven tons, was loaded on a wagon drawn by 24 bullocks, and yes terday the ponderous equipage safely negotiated the bridge in question. The test was witnessed by several members and officers of the local governing bodies directly interested in the structure, and the load, aggregating about 15 tons, passed over the bridge without producing the slightest apparent deflection or any undue vibration. The Saltwater Creek bridge may therefore be considered as firm as a rock for all ordinary traffic pur poses. Several members of the Western Railway Association met last night at the Council Chambers, and although the attendance was not large enough to negociate the ordinary business, several matters were discussed. ] t was slated that the deficiency of funds was decreas ing aud that only £15 Us id was now due. 'I'he next meeting, it was agreed, should not he held until the beginning of April. The association have no intention of ceasing to exist as a body, and although if may lie dormant during periods when there is lio necessity for agitation, any urgent and needful requirement will call forth a renewal of its past activity and energy in the promotion of district rail way lines. In connection with the meeting to be held to-night to formally establish a Tattersalls or Amateur Itacing Club in Maryborough, we arc requested by the honorary secretary to remove an impres sion that the new club is being started in tin friendly opposition to the old one. We are assured that the object is lo encourage a sporting spirit anil to work in unison with the old club in increasing the local facilities for good sport, and to lill a gap by getting up a day's lacing in April, when a large number of horses will be passing through Maryborough returning home from the Gymj/ie annual races on Easter Monday. At the Police Court, yesterday, before JI. It. Butlanshaw Esq., P.M.1 Elizabeth Harrison sued AVilliam Harrison, for maintenance. The defendant was ordered Lo pay £3, balance of order due, and find one surety in £10, to pay 15s, per week for six months, otherwise six months imprisonment. A strong flood tido in the river yester day morning made navigation of vessels rather a diflicult matter, and owing to the persistent force of the water the Egiuont was obliged to go full speed astern and drop her anchor, which dragged for a considerable distance before it held, to avoid colliding with a punt moored close i n shore. Tho Jennie Scott, following up behiud was less fortunate, aud bumped broadside oil with another schooner, carrying away her own gall' aud main sail tackle, but doiug no serious damage. The weekly meeting of the Benevolent Asylum was held yesterday afternoon, ami it was decided that the necessary steps should be taken to secure a deed of grant for the land recently reserved for the purpose of a Beuevolent Asylum. Several new cases of relief were dealt with, aud the committee have, at pre sent, 27 cases iu hand. Particulars of the race for the New market Handicap, at Fleinington on Saturday last, are as follows:— The starters were Coronet, 7st. (Cracknel!) 1 ; Middlemarch, Sst. 41b. (Flanagan), li; Sheet Anchor, 7st. 71b. (Williamson), 3 ; Welcome Jack, Garfleld, Battailous, Sir Garnet, Blink Bonnie, Prometheus, Coningsby, Duenna, Topaz, The Ghost, Mistake, Amelia Victoria, Salvo, St. John, Alphabet, Velocipede, Mascotte, Town Moor, Lavington, Xautippe, Bohemian, Hannibal, Surrey, Westbury, Marie Louise, Leporello, and Claudine. The betting was .5 to 1 v. Coronet, S to 1 v. Sir Garnet and Prometheus, 12 to 1 v. Battailous, 17 to 1 v. Sheet Anchor, 20 to 1 against Middlemarch and Leporello, and 20 to 1 against Salvo. ' Considerable delay occurred at the post, owing to the late arrival of Coronet aud Couiugs by, aud frequent breaks away by Mascotte and Sir Garuet. The liag fell to a good start, with the exception of Velocipede, who was left at the post. The first to show out from (he rani: were Garfield, Dueuna, Sir Garuet, Battailous, Sheet Anchor, and Middlemarch. Cross ing tlib tan, Mascotte, Weslbury, Sir Garuet, The Ghost, Sheet Anchor, and Coronet were oil the rails. Town Moor was most conspicuous. Opposite the carriage paddock Sir Garuet swerved and Coronet changed his position, while Hannibal looked dangerous iuside. At the distance Coronet slightly Jieaded his field aud at half the distance Middle march aud Sheet Auchor on the inside challenged the leader, but it was of no avail, and the favourite won comfortably by three-quarters of a length from Middlemarch, the same distance from j Sheet Anchor, and a length from The Ghost, who was fourth. Leporello and Sir Garnet were together, tlieu came Sal vo Town Moor, aud Topast. The last three were Alphabet, Mistake, and Velocipede. Tho time was lmiu. 19Jsec. The 'Howard' family, who are not unknown iu Maryborough circles, do not appear to have made a successful llrst ap pearance on the Brisbane stage. Of their opening performance, the Courier says : 'As it happened, the burden of sustain ing the two plays throughout proved too great to be bo'rne, and the result was neither more uor less than a ji men. It is true that as yesterday was a sort of public holiday the audience, perhaps, were rather more noisy than usual, and conse quently did not give that kindly con sideration to which first performances are always entitled. From the llrst they were very demonstrative, aud created such a disturbance that, after several ap peals from the stage had beeu made in vain, the stage manager was compelled to come forward aud announce that it was impossible to continue the perform ance. It is a matter for regret that a Brisbane audieuce should have behaved in such an uucliivalrous manner to a new company, aud certainly the Howard Family were entitled to aud had a right to expecta fair and courteous hearing on their opening night; but, nevertheless, the fact remains that if their performance last night is a sample of the rest of their wares, they must not expect a successful season iu Brisbane. Ordinarycomedy is never very successful in this city, aud n company which essays to produce it with success must possess abilities ratherabove those ol the members of the Howard Family English Comedy Company.' A most impressive ordination service was held al St. Paul's Anglican Church, Ipswich, oil Sunday morning last, iu the presence of a large congregation. The occasion was the admission to priest's orders, by the apostolic rite of layiug-ou of hands, .of the Rev. W. B. Cliucii. The ceremony was performed by the Right Rev. Dr. Hale, Bishop of Brisbane — who was assisted by the Veil. Archdeacon Glennie and the other clergymen pre sent — according to the rules laid down in the ' form aud manner of ordering of priests.' The Rev. W. B. Clinch preached iu the evening, wheu, not withstanding the threatening aspect of the weather, there was a verv irood attendance. The rev. gentleman, who took for his text that portion of the 28th chapter of Genesis referring to tbe vision of Jacob's ladder, preached au excellent extempore sermon ; aud we have no doubt that, ass the ltev. H. Heath's locum teneux, lie will meet wiLh acceptance. — Quccn.ifainl Times. Martin Colk, chemist, about 22 years ofagc, who was recently iu the employ of Dr. Bancroft , was arrested at Brisbane on Friday by Senior-coustable Fitz liiatirice, oil the charge of forgery and uttering. It appears he had passed several cheques in the city by forging Dr. Bancroft's signature. He was taken to the lockup about!i.40, bciugapparently in good health, but he was rather low spirited and asked to be allowed to see Dr. Bancroft, and matters would be set all right. About half-past 'J o'clock Senior-constable Savage, having occasion to enter the cells, found the prisoner iu a dying state and in a little time he ex pired. It was ascertained that he had poisoned himself before being locked up. As an instance of how mining shares rise and fall and rise again in the market (says tne Hnsbane correspondent of the Qucaifk/iiil I'mt r:«), the case of the South Harkinsand WilniotGold mine, Gympie, may be referred to. Last week the shares in this company hud fallen to 3d when news came of another call of a penny each. Shareholders then offered to sell for the ' call.' This morning a telegram reached Brisbane that the manager had ' cut a bed of grey slate.' A change came over the scene. The shares rose rapidly, until 'money could not buy them.' A bed of grey slate may not contain gold, but 10 feei. lower will, it is stated, be found the famous Gympie black slate and 'jewellers' shops' of untold gold. 