CUT BY THE COUNTY." By M. E. Bbaddok (Author of ' Lady Audley's Secret, 4 Phantom Fortune,' etc.) Chapter II. — We Play with Light Loves in the Portal. ' Colonel Stukely had been a guest at Darnel Manor for nearly two months. He had ex plored all the country side within thirty miles, looking for that ideal estate — a small but perfect hcuse, with perfect stables, a good, oid-iaEQiouea garden, and about forty acres of fertile pasture — which he had dreamed of for many a year under the tropic el are, and whioh he found almost as difficult of attainment as if he had wanted an eetate in one of those very stars. The Colonel and bis host drove many a mile in Sir Allan'edog- cart with the high-stepping horse, to see places which were described in auctioneers' advertisements as earthly paradises, and which generally proved the kind cf habita tion that a man buys in an interval of lunacy, with insane ideas of improvement or recon struction, and which he tries to shoffie cS upon a new viotim directly he recovers his senses. The Colonel made ehorter pilgrimages in bis goddaughter's pony carriage, Graeie very proud of driving her warrior about the country. But as yet nothing beyond the pleasure of exploring a charming landscape in the goldea harvest-time had resnlted from their excursions. Yes, there bad been one result, and an important one so far as Grace Darnel was ViULUMUBU, ASUElUg UUQ UJ. tUQBQ 1UDIIU jaunts the girl took courage and opened her heart to her god father, the most faithful and the most indulgent friend she had ever known from the days of her childhood. They went s little further than usual on this occasion, to a place whioh had been de scribed as a gem cf picturesque beauty ; and which turned out to be a dilapidated faxm- house situated on the edge of a swamp, and BQrroan ied by meadow-land that would have oost a small fortune to drain. The Colonel was amused rather than indignant at the discrepancy between tbe place' itself and the auctioneer's advertisement, and laughed heartily at hie own disappointment. ' To tbinkthat we should have driven eleven miles through some of the vilest roads in Wilts to look at euoh a hole as this,1 he exclaimed, after he and Grace had perambulated the negleoted o'd garden and had emerged upon the road in front of the gates. There was a long wooaen bridge a few paces further on, spanning an expanse of watery pasture, full o treed and bulrush, and on this bridge the Colonel stood, with hiB arms folded on the handrail, lookicg lazily at the eowa up to their haunohes in the rank V6rdnre. He turned round, smiling at his god daughter, expecting her to be amused at this latest example of house agents' inventive faculties ; but to his surprise and discom fiture he found her in tears. Why, Graoie,' be cried tenderly, 1 what is amiss with my iittle girl V 4 Everything,' Grace answered vehemently. 1 1 must tell someone. I cannot bear it any longer. To be so base, so secret, so false to I those I love 1 I hate and despise myself. I J really think I am the wiokedest, meanest | girl in England. I had rather tell you than j anyone else, because you are always indul- I gent, and you won't preaeh as papa would. | He would forgive me in the end, I daresay, J but he would begin by preaching — and I am I so unhappy that I don't think I could bear a j word,' I My dearest Graeie, you mean 1 You deceitful ! I would not hear your enemy say so, and leave him unkicked. Nonsense, child,' said the Colonel cheerily, laying his friendly hand upon Grace's ehonlder. Her head was bent so that he eonld not see her face, and her tears were dropping into the rank grass and making the meadow a little more watery for the cows. 'Stuff and nonsense, my dear. Some little girlish folly which you have concealed from Sir Allan, and which your own fancy has exaggerated into a matter of importance.' j ' It is not a little folly, Colonel. It is a big folly. I am engaged to be married — to a person whom my father has never seen — of whose very existence he is ignorant.' 4 Humph,' exclaimed Stukely, 1 that sounds rather serious. But people get cut of suoh engagements — occasionally.' ' I shall never get out of mine,' answered Grace, with a heroie air. 'I would die rather than break my word.' ' Of course, of o:urse,' said the godfather, soothingly. 4 More especially as the person to whom I am engaged is very badly off, and not able to ' 4 To maintain yon,' interjected the Oolonel. 4 Naturally, my dear, naturally. That is an excellent reason for sticking to him. And now tell me all about it. When and where did you meet this gentleman ?' 4 In Paris, at the Louvre.' 4 The big shop for gowns, and bonnets, and things V I 4 No, the picture gallery.' I 4 Who introduced bim to you ?' I 4 Nobody. A mahl stiok.' I 4 A mahl stick introduced him V j 4 Oh, godfather, please don't be shocked. I j know how horrid it ail was — how unladylike, | how improper. I have thought about it and 1 cried over it many a time since I came home. I Nobody introduced him to me. You know J how fond I am of painting- I worked very I hard when I was in Paris, and I got permis- I sion from Madame Sartori to go and paint | three times a week at tbe Loovre. Horrid | old thing, I believe she was glad to get rid of | me. Sbe teld off one of the governesses — a I domestic drudge, a lady-help sort of person— J to go with me, for wbieh father paid five | guineas a term extra. It was all very correct I and proper so far. In fine weather we used j to walk from Passy to the Loovre. In wet weather we had a fiacre , which I used to pay for oat of my pocket money. Lady Darnel and father between them kept me very hand somely supplied.' 'No doubt,' said tbe Colonel, 4 and I have observed that 44 Satan finds some mischief still," a6 Dr. Watts says, for school boys and girls who have too much pocket money. Go j on, Grace.' j 4 One day I wes copying a Madonna, by I Guido — not a bit like, I know, for my Madonna would come out with a purple complexion, like a cabman in cold weather, and the picture was hung high. So I had to sit on a kind ef platform four feet off the ground. It was very nice sitting up there, and looking down at the people and at tbe other stndents. There were three or four iu the room. One of them was a remarkably J nAMA wAtinnr vnVtn nrn m AnnvTincr o lioUUBUuJQ jruuug UIBU) UUU nau wwtV "5 0 I little Wouvermans in water colours in a I spirited, dashing style which I thought J wonderfully clever. He looked dreadfully J ill, poor fellow — such hollow ehceks, sneh a I haggard look about his large dark eyes. But that naturally made him all the more in I teresting.' I 'Naturally,' eaid the Colonel; 'given a young man without sixpence and with a j marked tendency to pulmonary consumption, 1 and granted a generous hearted girl, the 1 result may be oaleul&ted; upon s a certainty. Of course, you fell in love with him on the spot.' 4 1 am not that kind of person, Oolonel. I don't suppose I should ever have given bim a serious thought if it had not been for the accident whioh introduced us to each other, j He talked a good deal to a frumpish little elderly woman, who was toiling at a big altar piece, and who looked as if she worked for her living. He had suoh bright, winning Ways teat 1 oouia not ueiji uutuuug Uim — » I little. Mademoiselle Bouge, the governess, said be was the handsomest yonng man she j had ever Been. One day I dropped my mahl I stick.' j 4 On purpose V I 1 Oh, Oolonel, how can you think so meanly of me. No, it was pure aocident. He flew to pick it up. I thanked him— and then I be lingered and began to talk.' 1 4 Was he a Frenohman V s j 4 A thorough Farisian, He told me, in the I politest way, that my flesh tints were too blue, and gave me some excellent hints about 1 colour. Then he went back to his easel, and took no farther notice, except a particularly graeeful bow when I left the room. When I went back two days afterwards, he was there j again at another ouvexmans# Ho bowed j when I went in — gentlemen bow first I in France, you know — and I could not j be so bearish as sot to acknowledge his bow. j I got on to my platform, and poor 1 Mademoiselle Bouge sat on her usual bench, j and stared at the pictures in her usual sleepy | way. My handtrembled so that Ioould hardly j paint.' I 4 And you dropped your mahl stick again.' I 4 No, Colonel ! How can you imagine such I conduct ? You have evidently a poor opinion J of girls. I went ou painting wretchedly for I | half an hour or so, getting that poor j | Madonna bluer and bluer with every touch of j the brush, and just as I was beginning to I despair of her, the young Frenchman came I over to me, and asked me if I would allow I him to give me a few more hints upon colouring, and harmony, and so on. I neither eaid yes nor no, only murmured vaguely like a shy simpleton as I was. He seemed to think this gave him full permission, and he took the picture in hand, and told me how I 1 had gone wrong, and showed me what to do. This was the beginning of our friendship, which came about very gradually, almost I unawares ; but in a fortnight's time we were j friends. We did not talk much. That I would have been impossible in a public j room, and under the eye of Mademoiselle j Bouge ; but he used to contrive to give me a letter every time we met, and he was I wonderfully clever at slipping the letter j under my ooiour box, or into my hand, | I without poor old Bouge seeing him.' j I 4 He had done the same kind of thing very often before, no doubt.' J 4 You ought not to say that, Colonel ; it is i not like your usual kindness. No, he told j me, in his very first letter, that he had never I been really in love before.' I 4 They never have,' muttered the Colonel, j 4 He wrote the loveliest letters.' I 4 And you answered them ?' j 4 1 was obliged to answer sometimes. I i hstrdlv knfiw hnv wronp it was. Yon see T had been brought up in a place where I knew I everybody, and I had no idea of being afraid j of strangere. I told him who I was, and how j I was finishing my education at Madame j Sartori'e, and he told me his own hiBtory, I and that he was an orphan quite alone in the 1 world, and tha? he belonged to a good old | Burgundian family, and that he had come to | Paris to study art.' 4 A regular Bohemian, no donbt.' 4 You ought not to say that, godfather. He always looked like a gentleman, though his clothes were shabby. And though he lived on the left eide of the Seine, in the students' quarter, his manners were perfect.' 4 And his name ? He had a name, I sup pose.' 4 His name is Yiotor de Camillas,' answered Grace, with dignity ; 4 and I am engaged to j him.' Really and truly engaged to him ? That I is carrying things rather far with a young ! man with whom you only exchanged a few words about painting, and half a dozen surreptitious love letters.' 4 Tbere were a reat many more than half a dozen,' answered Grace ; 4 he wrote volumes. He gave me a letter every time I went to the Louvre — such clever letters, so elcquent, so poetical.' 4 1 know the kind of thing. He is one of those men with whom letter-writing is a complaint,' said the Colonel. 4 Your dragon, I Miss Bouge, must have been a very sleepy j pereonage to have had no suspicion of what I was going on under her nose.' j 4 Oh, she bad her suspicions, poor soul, but I persuaded ker to keep my seoret. I blush to say that I appealed to her meanest I instincts.' as now 7 i 4 You know the confectioner's at the corner | of the Rue Castiglir ne ?' 1 4 No.' j 4 Don't you ? How I pity you. It is one j of the best — I believe it is the best I confectioner's in Paris. I used to take | Bouge there every afternoon when we left I the Louvre. 44 Now. dear," I used to say, I 44 take whatever you fancy," and the poor I soul used to revel in eclairs and ohoux, and | j brioches, and meringues, and red currant ! syrup to an alarming extent.' 4 How she must have missed you when you left school,' said the Colonel, laughing. He could not bring himself to be very angry with his goddaughter for this folly of I hers ; nor could he think very seriously of I this interchange of love letters with a shabby- I genteel Frenohman. The whole basin rss j seemed, at tbe first blush, too foolish for I grave consideration ; and yet, on reflection, 1 Colonel Stukely told himself that it was a kind of folly which might entail disagreeable consequences. Very disagreeable if the yonng man were a scamp ; and the circumstances favoured that inlereuoe. 4 And do yon mean to say, Graeie,' he began, after a pauBe, 4 that yoo have engaged yourself, in black and white, to a man of whose sQrronndings and antecedents you knew absolutely nothing?' 4 knew everything,' she answered, indignantly. 4 Victor told me his whole history. He was thoroughly frank. He i confessed that he had only just enough to i live upon, poorly, and in a poor quarter. His father had been rained by the Mexican war, having been tempted to pat ail his money into Mexican bonds. When his father died, I Yiotor came to Paris to study art ,in the hope of becoming a distinguished painter, like Meissonier er Vidal. If I would promise to marry him, he told me be should have a new incentive to industry, perseverance, patience — the holiest and purest incentive.' 4 That fetched you,' said the Colonel; 4 and you promised ?' 4 Not for months after I received that, letter. What a very feeble person you must think me, Colonel.' 4 1 think you an adorable little goose,' eaid her godfather. 4 1 don't think I should have consented to engage myself to him,' pursued Grace, 4 only one day I missed him in the room where hs and I had both been working.' | 4 Still at your Guido V 4 Oh, no. I had gon8 into another room, and I was copying a flower piece. Victor advised me to paint flowers and fruit and things — dead nature, as he oalled them — rather than Italian Madonnas. One day he was miseing, and the next time, and the nest. I had not seen him for a week. I felt sure that he must be ill. I was very unhappy about him ; haunted by the image of his poor pale face. At the end of the week he wrote to me, under cover to Mademoiselle Bouge, who brought me ths letter to my room, with a fearful countenance, and told me it might have been the ruin of her to receive it ; which was sheer nonsense, as even Madame Sartori's sharp eyes could not read the inside of a thick envelope.' I 4 The letter told you he was dying, I presume,' said the Oolonel. I 4 It was only a few lines scribbled with a I pencil, and written from what he thought j would be his death-b?d. It was a last adieu, I fer he told me that h-> had no hope of seeing i me again,' I 4 You did not go to see him, I hope?' said I tbe Oolonel, anxiously, not knowing to what I compromising step tbe girl might have been j tempted in her inexperience of life. 1 4 That would have be-n imnossible. I think I might have persuaded that good old Bouge to ask for an evening out, and tto go and see him for me. But there was no address to his letter. There never had been any address to his letters.' 4 A carious gentleman, to- be ashamed to own where he lived,' said the Colonel. 4 It was only pardonable pride, poor fellow. He knew that my people were rich, ! and he was ashamed to let me know how shabby a street he lived in. As if that wonld make any difference to me !' 4 Ysu answered the death-bed letter ?' 4 Yes. godfather,' Graoe answered, softly, banging her pretty head, and contri uting a few more tears to the watery meadow. 4 And what kind of letter did you write, my dear ?' asked the Colonel, gently I 4 I'm afraid it was a verv foolish one. I I was so sorry for him, poor fellow — so sorry to think of his being alone, dying, in a wretched j lodging ; and I begged him to get well for my I sake, and told him that I would be true to bim in his poverty, and that if h wonld be I content to wait for me till I could win my 1 father's consent to our marriage, and be ( constant to me, as I would be to him, perhaps I for years, I would givehim the promise that I he had so often pleaded for in those beautiful J letters.' I 4 1 am very glad that you made the matter I contingent on your father's consent, my I love,' said tbe Colon e , cheerily. 4 The | business is not half so bad as I thought. Was there any thing more in your letter V j 4 Only that if my father should refuse his I consent to our engagement I would never marry anyone else. So far, at least, I was I my own mistress. I might not be allowed to I marry him. I loved my father too well to be uiBOOeaienii or reueiuous. r»us a pieagea myself to be true to Victor, even in life-long severance.' 4 Whew !' exclaimed the Colonel. 4 A pretty kettle of fish ! And is that why you so unmercifully snubbed young Colchester, tbe Maeter of the Hounds, when we were out oub hunting the other morning ?' 'I am not aware that I snubbed Mr. Colchester,' said Grace, blushing iurionsly. 4 Oh, but he was aware of it. You treated bim shamefully ! Suoh a nice young fellow, too, and so particularly attentive to you — opening gates, and making way for you at fences, and lingering by your side to talk when he ought to have had no eyes except for those young hounds of his, till at last yon drove him away by sheer incivility. When a man is Lord of the Manor and Master of the Hounds he hardly expects to be treated like that.' 4 1 have nothing to do with Mr. Colchester's expectations,' answered Graoe, tossing up her head, but with tears still in the sweet hazel eyes. 4 It iB oruel of you to talk like that, godfather, when I have told yon that I am bound to poor Yiotor by a most saored promise.' 4 Did you see much more of poor Victor after the death-bed betrothal?' 1 We only met once after that, for my last term at Madame Sartori's 'was just eoming to an end, and father and mother were eoming to fetch me. Victor came to the Louvre on tbe very last day I painted tbere, looking like a ghost, poor fellow ; and with a feverish light in his eyes. He ought not to have left his bed ; bnt he was determined to see me before I went back to England. Hie poor hand trembled like a leaf when we shook hands. He tb anked me with tears in his eyes for my letter, and implored me to keep my promise He said he ws prepared to wait a lifetime for me ; but he hoped to overcome my father's objections to our marriage in a year or so, when be should bave sold a few pictures and exhibited in the Salon. 44 Directly I bave a little money and a shred of reputation I ehall come to Darnel ana ask for your band boldly," he said. I told bim that my father was the most generous of men, and that I bad plenty money for both of os.' 4 And so yon. parted. And you have corresponded with him ever since, I corciuded ?' 4 We have corresponded — at intervals. Victor writes the loveliest letters ; but he is a very irregular correspondent. Sometimes & month goes by without my hearing from him, and I am tortured by tbo idea that he is ill ox dying — dead, perhaps ; while I am amusing myeelf playing tennis, and going to parties, iu ignorance of his fate. And then comes a long eloquent letter, explaining his silence. He has been ill and out of spirits, too de pressed to write, afraid to plague me with his misery — or he has been working at a picture like a demon, only to bave it refused at the Salon.' 4 Not a cheerful correspondent,' said the Colonel. 4 And now, Graoie, my pet, my darling, whom I can remember a chubby baby in a white frock and blue shoulder knots, and with little blue shoes— how proud yoo were of those little shoes ! — now tell me, honestly, frankly, bravely, are you desparately in love with this young French painter, whose face your father has never seen ?' 4 1 was very fond of him, Colonel, or I should never have given that promise.' ' Of course not But you have had a year and a half ftr sober reflection. A long time in such a young life as yours. And reflection has told you that you were very foolish to give such a promise, and you would be very clad to be released from it.' For my father's sake,' faltered Graee. 4 Yes, I should be glad to be free from that foolish engagement ; for I'm afraid it wcnld grieve my dear father. And he iB so good to me — so indulgent — every new kindness of hie seems like a knife plunged into my heart.' 4 Weil, my dear girl, you have two duties before you, painful, per haps, both of them. First, to tell Sir Allan everything, just as frankly as you told me. Secondly, to write to Monsieur Camillao, requesting him to release you from your promise.' 4 Oh, no, no, Colonel, don't ask me. I could not tell my father, and I could not ask Victor to release me ; not now, while he is poor and ill and unhappy. If he were to be come rich, admired, famous, I wonld not miod asking him to set me free.' . 4 That is just like my generous, romantic Grace,' said the Colonel 6iniling. 'Yea wonld be true to & pauper and a failure ; but you would ask for your freedom from a successful painter. Well, my child, joa have trusted me, and I must prove myeelf worthy of your confidence. Take time to think of what I said just cow. I feel ears that you will not be happy till yeu have mado a full confession to your father, who would not scold you a whit more severely than I have done.' 4 But he would be so shocked, so grieved,1' exclaimed Grace ' I could not endure to see the grieved look iu his face ; his surprise in finding that I had kept a secret from bim. He always praises me for my candour — and to find out all at once that I am a whited sepulchre. No, I could not bear- it !' 4 Better to pluek up your courage, Grace, and take the bull by the horns. A secret like kn kenf 1st Atran Twin UAVkCiann jruuiv uauuus uo AGfii wt UIUM wvueraut Camillao is poor, an artist, and a Bohemian ; and he knows that you are rich and will have an independent fortune under your mother's settlement when you come of age. I suppose , you told him that. ' 4 1 told him all about myeelf and my people.' 4 Well, my dear child, can you suppose that a young man in his circumstances will be patient for ever, will hold his peace for ever, when he has a ohanoe of marrying an heiress ? Be sure that however quiet he may be now he will push his claims vigorously when yon come of age. And that will be — ' 4 Next year,' sighed Grace, 4 Then, my love, the sooner yon face your difficulties boldly the better it will be for your chances of happiness. Tell your father everything while I am on the premises ; and if my Grace wants any backer with the most indulgent of fathers, she knows she has a sturdy champion in her faithful old Colonel.' uear goatatner, now gooa you are to me, murmured Grace, lifting op the soldier's sunburnt hand mid kiBsing it. 4 And now I think those ponies of yours mutt have had their mouths washed oat and be ready for aotion,' said the Colonel, who did not wish to press the sinner too hud just at first, trusting to Grace's own reflections to bring abont the desired reault. They walked baok to the carriage in silence, Grace very downcast ; but the Colonel talked of .indifferent matters in his pleasantest manner all the way home, and contrived te put hip. goddaughter into good spirits again beforethey reached Darnel Park. ' ' Sir Allan rarely appeared at luncheon, and to-day Lady Darnel and he were both out. Bat Miss Darnel was always at her poet, Sbt was not locomotive ; indeed, she had a cat like fondness for the houss, rarely extending her peregrinations beyond a oat-like pranoing to and fro of the terrace in iront of the drawingroom windows or a peram bulation of the dewy lawns or Shrubberies. She might be met at all times and seasons prowling about the corridors with that velvet footfall of here. And thus it oame about that nothing, not to the most attenuated particular of existence, oonld occur at Darnel without Dora's knowledge ; hardly a sentence oould be spoken of which she did not hear enough to divine the drift of the speaker. The servants had thns oome to consider her omniscient, and to fear her accordingly. She was an admirable house keeper, for her whole attention was rivetted upon the details of existence at Darnel. She bad no joys, no hopeB, or fears, no interests, outside the Park gates. She was not :J_I A nn alio uftD nnt WiuiSUU.fi ttUvUuipilQtiUIWUVDt «v- without intelleotnal culture — yet the world of politics, the world of art, the world of the past and of the future, were to her a dead- letter. 8be lived only to rule and reign in her little kingdom of Darnel. It may he con ceived, therefore, what mental tortures she suffered on the oooasion of her brother's second marriage, when she saw the sceptre slipping from her grasp. 4 Has father driven to Scadleigh?' aBbed Grace, as she sat down to luncheon, looking very pretty in the dark grey cloth sailor gown, with a coquettish terra-ootta velvet waistcoat, just a touch of vivid colour to set off her milk-white skin, and harmonise with her ruddy gold hair. He has gone to London.' 'To London?' Yes. He and Lady Darnel started directly you were gone. They drove off in a tremendous hurry to catch the express at Scadleigh.' But father didn't say one word about it at breakfast,' exclaimed Grace. ' I believe it was quite a sudden resolution. They are to be baok to dinner. We are to dine at half-past eight, Colonel. I hope you won't mind.' ' 4 Not I,' said the Colonel. 4 Grace and I will sit in the firelight and tell each other fairy stories.' It was still that pleasant autumn season, when evening fires are a luxury, and when home grows every day more homely. i fi W £. iL mmw. « AA AjtmM AW UHBIMMO \- my xairuer situs guuu <ru tunu uu uusiucso, I suppose,' said Grace, sorely mystified by this unpremeditated rush to London, which was so unlike her father's usual habits. 4 But why drag Lady Darnel with him V 4 I have not the faintest notion,' said Dora. 4 Allan told me noshing beyond the bare fact that he was going to take Lady Darnel to town, and that they would be back to dinner. He begged me to convey his apologies to you, Colonel Stukely.' ' There was no oooasion for apologies,' said the Colonel. But be and Grace knew Miss Darnell well 1 enough to he oonvinced that she knew all about her brother's business in L >ndon. Those sharp ears, those acute perceptions of hers were rarely at fault. « Sir Allan's business in London did not remain long a mystery to his irosted friend. When the ladies had left the diningroom that evening the two old comrades in arms drew their ohairs to the hearth, and lighted their cigarettes, and then came the hour of confi dence. 4 1 daresay you all wondered what took us np to town in such a hurry this morning,' said Allan. 4 Grace has an active imagination, and she exercised it vigorously between luncheon and five o'clock tea,' auswe ed the Golonel, laughing ; but my sluggish old bram has not been much disturbed by the mystery. People think nothing of an eighty-mile journey to and fro by express. It would have been different if you had had to go in a dhak.' I took Clara to see Sir Glarkson Andrews.' 4 Indeed.' 'Yes, I have been anxious about her for a long time ; and in spite of our family doctor's Aflfliirftnnfl that thprfl was rift far alarm W— — — - — 1 I determined to consult a first-rate physician. So, as this morning was particularly fine, and I had no work to do at home, I persuaded her to go to Cavendish Square with me. I telegraphed for an appointment from Scad leigh, so there was no time lost. Sir Glarkson was kindness itself, had a long talk with my wife, assured me that there was nothing organically wrong, only a tendency to languor and low spirits, which might develop into something worse if we were not careful. He strongly recommended me to take Lady Darnel to Italy for the winter. I am to move her from place to plac-, give her plenty of change of Bcene ; in a word, to do all in my power to amuse and interest her. " I have no doubt Darnel Park is a charming place; but frankly now, Sir Allan, isn't it jast a little dull?" he asked. I admitted tir- fact. 41 Of course, ail parks are dull," he said, 44 shut in from the outside world — a dignified seclusion. Very few neighbours within easy reach, I daresay ?" 44 Very few whom Lady Darnel cares for," replied I. 44 Just bo," said Sir Glarkson. 'Oh, I know those parks. They have to answer for shortening the lives of our aristocracy. Take Lady Darnel along the Rivkra, letting her see every place that ia worth seeing, and then drop quietly down into Italy for the winter. You can take her back to Darnel when the primroses are in bloom ; and I pledge my honour she will be a new creature !" ' 4 Well, my dear Allan, this was rather oheering than otherwise.' 4 It was comforting to know what is wrong. Poor dear Clare, I do not think it is the dulness of Darnel Park she has felt half so much as the want of sociability upon the part of my old county friends. 'That has wonnded her deeply.' ( Have they been more unsociable than county people nsnally are ?' asked the Colonel, with pardonable hypocrisy. He was very well aware of the fact both from MisB Darnel's inue idoes and from his own personal observation. The county had given Sir Allan's second wife the coldest reception compatible with civility. 'They are not absolutely uncivil; they would not dare be that to my wife,' said jnifm <but they have not been cordial. There haB been no real friendliness. They take every occasion to let my wife fed that she ie not in their own particular set ; and she does feel it, more, I believe, for my sake than far her own. She Is too proud to oourt anybody's friendship. The people all made their duty calls when we oame home from our honeymoon ; but there was a flavour of duty about the thing which was unpleasant. Then came three or four State dinners to which mywife went, and where she was made to feel somehow by the feminine portion of the party that she was received on sufferanee. We gave two or three dinners that winter, at which some of my old friends were present ; but there was a suspicious number of previous engagements, and I know poor Glare felt humiliated at finding it such a difficult matter to make up a party of twenty. Since then we have fallen into the way of living almost entirely alone. The rector and his wife oome to as in a friendly way, very often, as you have seen. Occasion ally I have an old army friend down from London. Young Colchester drops in to luncheon pretty often in the hunting season — and that is about all.' Glare never com plains, and she is not dependent for her happiness upon society; but I know she feels the slight which is involved for a woman in her position in not being Bought out and made much of. In fact,' said Sir Allan, waxing savage, as was his wont when he touched on this topic, 4 1 shall be- very glad to get Lady l)arnel away from this accursed hole.' 'Grace will go with you, of course/ observed the Golonel. 4 1 had not been thinking of taking her.' 4 My dear Allan, she would eat her heart out if you left her alone with Mies Darnel.' 4 Those two do not get on well togeth-r, certainly. And Grace adores my wife. Yes it seems a pity to take her away just at the beginning of the fox-hunting, and after I have bought ber that new mare. Grace is so fond of hunting ; and yonng Ted Col chester ' 4 Is so fond of Graee. Is that what you were going to say V 4 It is pretty near the trnth, I think. And Colchester is a thoroughly good fellow, the only man in the neighbourhood who has shown himself thoroughly staunch and cordial since my marriage. He belongs to a gobd old family, and he has a fine estate. I DilO lilll Uo iUUU UI QUuli €b DyiiIuICI 4 And you may have him for a son -in law, if you play your cards properly. Take an old bachelor's advice, Allan. I don't think Grade cares much for Edward Colchester now. He has been too attentive, too devoted, is too obviously a good match. The first idea of a high-spirited, romantic girl like Grace is generally to throw berssif away upon a pauper. If Colchester were a penniless nobody, and could only approach her by stealth, I have no doubt she would adore him. But as be is well off, and you have broadly hinted that you would like her to marry him, the natural result is that she despises him. Take her to Italy with you, keep her closely under Lady Darnel's eye, and when she comes back to Darnel the odds are she will like - young Colchester ever so much better than when she went away. She has seen hardly any other eligible young man for the last year and a half, and he has palled upon ber in consequence. Distance will lend enchantment to the view.' 4 What an old fox you are, Weldon,' said Sir Allan, smiling. 4 Yes, 1 believe yon are right. Grace shall go with us, even if the new mare and old Blaokie have to eat their beads off while she is away. Perhaps you'll winter at Darnel, and keep the stud in good working order for us.' 1 You are too good, my dear fellow,' replied the Golonel, inwardly shuddering at the idea of a winter spent with Dora. 4 No, I shall stay in town if I fail in finding a place down here ; and after nearly two months I am as far from realising my ideal hunting box as I was when I first came.' In the drawingroom that evening Sir Allan was in unusually good .spirits. The idea of getting his wife away from Darnel for a good long time was a relief to him. In spite of his perfect happiness in his married life, there were times when he felt the chilling attitude which some of his oldest acquaintances had assumed since his second marriage. Up to that time he had d.eemed these people his friends; and now they had been tested he knew they had never been more than ac quaintances. Time had not made them loyal and true. Yes, it was delightful to think of being in a foreign land with his beloved wife, amidst strange faces. He felt grateful to Sir Glarkson for having insisted upon Italy. He talked of nothing but their journey.' 4 Grace, you are to go with us,' be said. 4 Your godfather there has promised and vowed for you that you will be very good, and give us no trouble, and that you will help me to take care of Glare. So you will have to settle your fine points, as old Capulet says, get all your frocks and fineries ready, at a very short notice.' 4 How good of you, dear father.' 'You like to go, then?' said Sir Allan, looking at her sharply. 4 You don't mind missing the hunting ?' Grace blushed at the question, as if it touched a sensitive chord. 4 One can have fox-hunting any year,' she said, 'bat not an Italian tour.' 4 And your Parisian French will be useful to me when Clare is not at my side,' said Si' Allan. 4 1 need to spout Baeine when I was a boy, and £ oan read a French novel ; bnt I can never hit npon little common phrases when I am in a hurry. You will have to be ready in less than a week, Grace ; for as soon as ever I oan put my affairs in decent order we will be off. Glare is suoh an orderly person that shais always ready.' 4 1 have nothing to do but to be orderly,' said Lady Darnel, smiling at him. 4 Dora takes all household cares off my hands, and you never exact anything from me.' 4 Yes, I do, my dear. I look to yon for the happiness of my life, and you have never disappointed me,' answered Sir Allan, tenderly. 4 Well, we will start directly I have paid the quarter's accounts and made things straight with the steward. I dropped in at the hank as we drove to the station and got four hundred in notes to begin the war. Just as Bismarck called io all the gold he could get before he challenged Austria, said the Colonel. ' . T t. 4 I used to carry oircu'ar notes, hut I have ound of late years that your British bank note will pass current in most parts of toe Continent. And I treated myself to a brace of revolvers at Lancaster's — She last refine ment in travelling pistols.' 4 Prudent man 1' exclaimed the Golonel. 4 You will be quite disappointed if there is no encounter with brigands to bring your firearms into active service.' 4 Grace,' said the Colonel, turning to his goddaughter, 4 if you really mean cub-hunting to-morrow yon had better go to bed. It is nearly eleven.' 4 Of coarse I mean cub -hunting. Do you think I would lose a run now that I am to be away all the season ? But it hardly seems worth while going to bed when one is to get up again at four o'clock. Good- night, father, and thank you so much for taking me to Italy. It is the dream of my life. 4 It has bean the dream ot my lifo,' said her aunt without looking up from her work- basket, 4 bat a dream which will never be realised.' This was just one of those speeohes which make everyone feel uncomfortable, and for which there seems to he no appropriate answer. It was a signal for a general departure. ... ... Sir A'lan, Colonel Stukely, and Grace were in the saddle before five o'clock next morning, and away over the dewy uplands, and in and oat of dripping copses before six. Grace's new mare behaved beautifully, carried her yonng mistress as if she had been a feather-weight, and evidently revelled in her work. Sir Allan took bis line ; Grace had her own ideas, and the Golonel, who was not so familiar with the country, stock close to Grace, admiring her pretty figare and her dashing horsemanship, and altogether very proud of his goddanghter. Mr. Colchester was as devoted as a Master of Hounds can be, and a keen observer would have been amused to see the struggle between duty and inclination which tore at his heart-strings every time he bad to leave Grace's side in order to direct the instincts of his yonng hounds. He seemed happiest when the pack was In full cry, and he and Graee were galloping side by side aoross country. Then there were gates to be AnfrnaJ ka Vc IrCri Alcf ktJ k AO T7TJ UVf uu urcu vj UAO UWBT J hunter, so as to leave a safer jump for Grace, who naturally scorned such oid-womanieb attentions, infinitely preferring to have led the way over the most breakneck point in the feuoe. Captain Stukely kept close to these two all the time, admiring Grace's admirer almosh as heartily as he admired Grace herself. And, indeed, Squire Colchester, in hiB grey coat and black velvet cap, was as pleaeing a specimen of a young English landowner as anybody could desire to see ; tall, broad- shouldered, fair-complexioned, with cheery blue eyes, and crisp brown hair, which would have curled all over his bead had it not been kept closely shorn. It was a frank, kindly face, characteristic of the man, who was good -nature personified ; but the firmly- moulded lips and Bquare chin told of a resolute temper and a strong will. It was in the course of a second run that an incident occurred which had a startling effect upon Grace and. the Golonel. They were crossing a common within three mile s of Darnel Park, a picturesque common on the crest of a hill, all hillock and hollow, crowned with a duster of old Scotch firs. As they galloped over the rugged, naeven ground, a little recklessly on Grace's part, Juno, the new mare, gave a desperate shy, for the first time since her mistress had ridden her, and Grace looked round to Bee the cause of her alarm. A man was lying against a sandy hillook, half-buried in the furze — a slender figure, in an old velveteen coat, travel -stained, out-at- elbows, a dark head hall hidden in a soft felt nat. As Grace turned to look at him, the man raised himself slowly from his recumbent position, and looked round him listlessly, vaguely, as if suddenly awakened, but not in the direction of the young horsewomen, who was some Daces awav from the hillock where he sat. Still looking back at him, she gave a faint, half-stifled cry, just as youag Colohester oame galloping aorosB the common, almost brushing against the man on tbe hillock, and bore Grace and the Golonel along with him, as on the wings of a whirlwind. 4 They're running like old boots in the copse,' he cried, pointing with his whip. 4 Godfather,' gasped Graee, trying to hold her horse baok as they ware galloping along a lane, so as not to be heard by the Master, 4 did you see that man on the common ?' 4 The tramp that- startled your horse ? Yes, I saw him.' 4 He is not a tramp. He is Victor de Camillas 1 Ob, how ill and wretched he locked. I should have stopped if that horrid man hadn't oome rushing by. Dp go baok to him. Ask him whore he is stopping — why he has eome here. Do, Golonel, for my sake. And have you any money about you ?' 4 Two or three pounds, perhaps.' 4 Give him all you have, please, for me. He looked so poor.' 1 Corae along, Miss Darnel,' shonted Mr. Colchester; 4 they've got him.' And Grace cantered after him with a little hypocritical langh, pretending to be delighted at the idea of bloodshed, although she always felt ready to ory at this stage of the entertainment, and told herself that it was too bad, and that she would never hunt again; and then, with a charming incon sistency, oame out next day. 4 The deuce I' muttered the Colonel, as he rode slowly up'the hill ; 4 here's a'pretty kettle offish!' It was the same classical expression which he had made use of yesterday, when Graoe told him the story of her engagement, and with the Golonel it meant a great deal. This man's presence within an hour's walk of Darnel foreboded mischief. His disre putable appearance indicated a lapse into the lowest depths of poverty, And what generosity or forbearance could be expected from a destitute adventurer ? The man held Grace's promise of marriage, under her own hand. Gould it be supposed that he would not make it an instrument of torture, unless he were bought off and got rid of it some- how? He was here in tbr giri's own neighbourhood; he would discover positionlier fatherocoopied ; he ouidperhaps be told of Edward Colchester's Ambon to her, of the general expectation that she would marry him. These things »;»ways village gossip, long baforej the P"®®1 >P If themselves have made up their f this adventurer were to show Graces lettfi is to Edward Colchester, her future would be blighted, her fathers hopes cheated. It was a detestable entanglement. The Jlonel could not help feeling angry with Graca as he rode no the hill. To think tbata g ooold so trifle with fate, oat of sheer silliness , could so forfeit self-respect, endanger her reputation, bring pain and discredit upon her parents. 4 The only hope is, that if the man is poor, ws may be able to buy him pretty oheap, thought the Golonel. (TO BB CONnKUBD.) 