EXPLORATION OF NEW GUINEA. DEPARTURE OF THE EXPEDITION. The expedition to New Guinea, organised and equipped by tha Geographical Society ot Austral- aeift, left Sydney yesterday afternoon in tha A.S.N, Oo.'s- stesmship Egmoat for Thursday Island, Tbey had iu tow the little steamer Boni'o, t-unt StiSti xvi tun (SUipvacs wa vua CACUIItUUs DUO appears to be admirably adapted for the naviga. tion of rivers, having a draught ot only 6ft, In her saloon there is berthing and dining accommo dation for 12 passengarB, and Bhs has been well equipped throughout for this voyage of discovery. The Australian Governments hive shown their approval cf this expedition by subsidising. New eouth Wiles has given £2000, Victiriu £1000, Queensland £1000, and it la expected that , South Australia will also give £1000. These sub stantial subsidies have enabled ths oouncil o( the Gcographieal Society to send cut an expedition worthy of them. Having recsi7ed about 250 applications from persons desirous ot takiog part in tbe expedition, great care has been excrelssd in the selection ol tbe party ot 12 required, Cap tain A, E. Everill, who has had groat experlcncj as a navigitor in the northern region, is i the leader of the expedition, the sub- leaders being Mr Godfrey Htmaworth, of Brisbane, and Mr B. G. Crcugh, ot the Manning i Biver. Dr Haacke, ot Adelaide, is the ehiof | scientist. Dr Bernays accompanies tho party in the dnal capacity of enrgcon ana geologist. Tiia general collector is Mr R. Broadbeot, ot Sydney ; tbe botanist, Mr W. B merlon, also ot Sydney, Mr W. Froggat, ot Melbouruo, ia an assistant ta Dr Haacke, and Mr J. 1L Shaw go is as a photo, graphic aitiat, Captain Everill, Dr Haacko, and Dr Bernays remain behind to completo arrange ments, and will leavo Sydnoy on Saturday, From Thursday Island tha members of tbe expedition, accompanied by 12 Malays, will proceed to tho Aird Biver, on the southern coast of New G nine' After going as far up tho river aa possible or ex pedient with the BoDito or whaloboit, thoy wd traverse the interior probably as tar as the r-toge ot mountains dividing tho English and German territory. Their mission Is mainly to piorce tuo great inland countty, so far totally unexplored, and tbe natives of which havo probably not yet seen white men, A. noon the members of the expedition, with a nnmbet of members of tho Geographical Society of Australasia, assembled in tho saloon of the steBmir Egmont. Sir Edward Strickland, who presided, said that they bad met there to day to bid farewell to the members of th9 expedition an 1 for success to the enterptise which was abuak to be undertaken, Ho wished to avail himself ot this opportunity to lay a few words to the members of the expedition, whioh, if not of service, ho hoped wonld be received in the spirit in wnicta they were given. Ho would like to point out a few rales that might be laid down tor their guidance while they wets away together; and here he might mention that he had received a telegram from ths secretary ot the Melbourne branch of the Geo graphical Socleiy Btating that tho Victorian members offered their cordial congratulations on the completion of tbe arrangements for the expe dition, and wiahtd Captain Everill and his officers every success. The importance of this expedition could ecercily bo overrated, for it wis second to no expedition to New Guinea that had preceded it. Toey knew very well that Bome of tbe pro- vioui expeditions had met with great hardshipa and loss of llto, tut thoao connected with expedi tions and explorations whoso work had htcn crowned with success had woe for thcmsolvei un dying fame. The same reward wsb In view in this enterprise, and he hoped it waa what each member of tbo expedition would endoxvour to obtain. Ho was sato thero was not one member ot tho expedition who did not feel that tho cnierpriso wonld bo jedged frcm its results, and that thsre wis not one who did not fully rtalise the importance of their mlision. Exploration carried civilisation in Its train, and geographical expeditions had always been tbe prccntsors of commerce, and he felt snre that this would be no exception to tbo rale. Al! ot them were dotermiccd to succeed, but to ensure tucccei a great deal of work w.e required, It would be impcesiblo for bim to exaggerate I ha pcs.ible results of this nxpedltiou. Thoy wore going Into new country almost untrodden by white men. The; wese induced to explore another part of New Guinea by the bounti ful manner iu whuh tho Almighty hid on- liched other parts of tha island more or lois explored. Toey hoped it would be the means of encouriging settlers to go to the o.untry, and c Utsiing some certainty ot a subsistenoe, if iliay did nuisbow where wealtu could bo rapidly acquired. Success could not bo obtaiued without the excr ciie of prudence and cordiality ia dealing with each other, and their first motto should ba temper ance, (Uhouts.) lie did hopo that tho leaders would bear this in miud. He had perfect coca- denco in Captain Everill, hut he would venture tu give him this counsol, that ho would endeavour to supprtes eveiythicg in the ehape of ia ttxicalico, and if anything ct the kind diu occur, be hoped it would ba dealt with bj summarily and effectively as to render Ls repetition very improbable. If he were the leader, bo would Iry to bring about some system so as tu kiep every man occupied as much ai possible, ana this lie thought was not a difficult thing to do. If they worked together with the same objects in view they would find etreogth in their union, the vuluu oi which would be ssc.-rtained in times oi danger. Let them band themselves together for each othoia protection, for where there was cohesion there waa the greater safety. The council of tha society had entire conQdenoe in tbo qualifications uf Gaptain Everill, but it would be impossible for bim to perform hie duties unless he was ably supported by those serving nnder him, They must obey thulr leader, and his rule must be bind ing ; and it most ho a most sacred duty that as long as his orders are just and reasonable every one ot them must stand by him, and support him latbeexercise othis authority, He need notteliany- one thero what hocl b:cu one ol the primary c suiea af the disastrous results of some txp,ditious that had gone out ; but, to speak plainly, it waa the ioter- icrenco with tho native women, He wss confident ihxt no Imputation of that kind would ever be mado against this expedition, Let them be very merciful with the natives, and not give way to heir tempers, tor they must recollect that tneic Nature's children did not understand meum aid taum, and they must be treated like children. If they meiited punishment, it could be given, but iliey need not draw blood — In fast be hopod ths: this expedition would retain without hiving shea one drop of blood, a result that coald be obtaiued oy the exercise of sound discretion, mercy and for. bears nee. He had always found among savages that if tbey were dealt with liberally they woold seldom steal, and it trade with them wsb carried on in a friendly way it facilitated progress through tbtir country. Perhaps tbey might never have<n opportunity of meeting again, but tbey wonld hope for bet'er things, and to far as the Geo graphical Society was concernod, he would a e hht tbe expedition received every necessary aid. Every awention.had been paid by the socitty to the fitting out of tbe expedition, Toe steamer, provisions and general equipment had bsea se lected on the recommendations of tbe commander of the expedition, and every precaution hd been takin to bavo the ship thorooghly examined, be had now only to hope that toe day wou dcomo wben they wonld coagratulate each other upon tbeir great success, ana that another pge woo la oe added to the book ot successful exp orxtioas frcm New iouth Wales, and that tr.e new country traversed by this expedltioo would ba opened up in the future in a m inner that tbey tuemielvei could hardly now realise. Mr J. K. Mann said he hid spent aboat six weeks amoog the nitiviB of Nsw Guinea, and aould bear testimony to the value of ihs advice tendeied by Sir Edward Strickland. Trading with the aativea required a great deal of tact. Tha law of b'ood for b'.osd seemed to exist among the various tribes. If a European killed a native, or if a nitire killed another, tbey never reBted until tbey killed someone in retnrn. He bad no doubt that this expedition would be successful In tbeir efforts to furiher reveal the wonders cf the great and glorious island of New Guinea. . , Mr Harbie Wood aaid, aa chairman of the exploratory committee, he bad to acknowledge the cncrons duties ptifoimed by its members in (electing the members ot the expedition. It must be borne in mind that they were not altogether a New Sonth Wales society, and that while seeking to get mm specially qualified lor the work they had to do, thecommUicehadkeptin view the (act that each colony should ba represented In tbe expedition. The selection, he believed, bad been a good one in every respect, for no bedy of men coald have worked harder, both in the selection of the men and in tbe fitting cut of the expedition with stores and scientific instruments. He trusted that tha leader of tho expedition wonld keep in sight tbe objects tbe socitty bad in this undertaking, and that he would facilitate in every way its progress. He wished every member of tha expedition auceess and a safe retnrn. Mr j. H, Maiden, hon, secretary to the society, acknowledged the valnabie services rendered by Mr K. Pnlifoid, secretary to the exploratory com mittee, during the tevere illness from whioh he (Mr Maiden) was now recoveriog. Mr Williamson said he looked upon the dis coveries to be made in New Guinea as of the hi ghost im portanee to Australasia generally . They bad evidence already of geological formations in which they were likely to find nearly all commer cially valusblo minerals, He had had shown him nnmerons specimens from New Gninea, and npon examination ot these he had based this opinion, They had (elected tbe Aird Biver ai a sttrting- point of the expedition, as he believed thoy were likely to rapidly ascend the high lands from that point, and traverse entirely | unexplored country. No pains had beoo spared in thoroughly equipping too expedition, and he wss glad lo see its members so enthusiastic to I enter tho new field before them, | Mr La Meslee said tbe exploration of New > Guinea waa the fitBt work of importance that ths Gecgrapbical Society had nndertsken, and he hoped it wculd he the means of placing the sooloty on a really eonnd basis, end give it a place among tho great scientific institutions ot tbe world, Theie was no doubt that the gootlemeu cbosan by tho committee were well qualified and would fulfil their duties to the end, and it was to be hoped if successful it would lead to the exploration of other lccalltica in and around Australasia, Uaptain Trouton remarked that as the "ancient matiner" of ihu assembly bo congratulated the ecciety upon its enterprise. From the koowledge be had of the officets of the expedition, he could also congratulate the committea. He hoped that the labourB of the expedition would roJoand to the ciedit of the SLciety and ol Now South Wales generally. Captain Everill said he was extremely grate- fnl tor tbe kind references that had been msde by the distinguished president of the socitty. Ho had only ono or two words to Bay, To the members of ths party he would say that tbe success of this expedition depended as much on tho smallest boy of it as tbe leader, They were all wot king with one thing in view— to bring the expedition to a favourable end. He would just eay that thoy intended to do their duty, both as Englishmen and as members of the expedition, towards the soaiety that had a< nt them oat. At the same time he would re mark that a great deal depended om luck, They might bo successful without encountering any hardships, and on tha other hand they might have great hardships witbont any suoceas, He should, therefore, like tbe public to think well of them, and to retain their confidence In them, and he hoped they wonld have more to tell them when they returned than they had now. (Oheers.) Dr Belobate remarked that tbe society In this enteiprise hsd gained the cooperation of the dif ferent Governments, and tbey were in a fair way of gaining the oo-operation of the Imperial Government, He was, however, grieved to confess that this expedition bad not been nobly assisted by the great commercial firms ot iydney, No ex pedition to New Gnicea had itarted under such anspicrs, and he did hope that the commercial house of Bydney, now thatattention wai drawn to It, would mist the expqjitlon In the many ways available : Uaptain Everill intimated that he had rseolved from two or three Arms donations of useful articles tor the pnrpoeee of tbe expedition. The proctcdingi terminated with vote of thnnke to Sir Edward Strickland for presiding. 