A LIVELY FIVE MINUTES. -of . (From St. James's Gazette.) We are told every day that "truth is stranger than fic- tion ; " and that this is so is again shown by the following facts, which I narrate as nearly as possible in the words of the person (an assistant to a well-known veterinary surgeon to whom the adventure occurred last week : ''AVo had been having several cases of rabies at the surgery during the last month' or two more cases than usual; but, with the exception of one, they had all been brought in before the disease reached its most virulent stage. I am rather interested in the disease, and had been reading about; and, sitting in the surgery alone and quiet (but for a poor beast in the yard with rabies which gave vent every now and then to the dismal howl peculiar to the disease), it was not particularly lively and when my master (a veterinary surgeon came in from his usual round I was not sorry. He went into the yard and inspected the patients as usual, ordering the collie with rabies to be killed at once. I attended to this, and, returning to the surgery, received orders to go to the Britannia public-house, in Soho, and poison a large retriever belonging to the landlord. My master had seen the dog during his rounds, and found it in a dangerously rabid state. 1 filled a small bottle with hydrocyanic acid and, taking a syringe, went off at once to see about it. "Arriving at the house, I stated my business, and was handed over to the policy to be conducted to the dog, which I could hear howling every few seconds. There being no yard to the house, they had chained the dog down in the cellar to a staple in the wall. ' 'E's a very- bad case, sir, said my guide, 'and I'll be glad when it's all over; for, although he was a grant pet with us all, an' that fond of the kids you never see, it's awful to see 'if not know any of us ; but when we goes near 'im to have 'him come a-flying at us. Think 'e'll suffer much? There's goes learns. All day long cows like that. I assured him it would soon be over, without much pain and dear ending Borne steps, we passed through a room in the basement that was dimly lit by a small and grimy window. Cases of wines and spirits were ranged against the walls, and we could hear the tramp of the thickly shod customers in the bar ortapioom just above our heads. Opening a door, we passed into another room ; this was lighted only by the small window in the room we had just left, as it shone through the now open door. ' He's in there, said the pot boy, pointing to another door in the wall, opposite. Thinking there was a window in the room, I pushed the door open, and immediately heard the rattle of a chain and the hoarse half howl, half growl of the poor beast, whose eyes I could see, against the far wall, gleaming through the dark. Window there was none. ' Why on earth didn't you bring a light P' I liked, angrily; you don't suppose I can poison him in the dark?' ' Thought I 'ad a match,' said the man, fumbling in his pockets; ' there's a gas-jet just inside the door. I had no matches, so I sent him upstairs to get some, time, awaiting his return, sat down on an empty keg near the door. "The dog seemed uneasy; and, fancying the light through the doorway annoyed and distressed him, I pushed it to with my hand. The man was some time gone (I found afterwards he had been to ask his mistress if she would like to have a last look at the old dog), and I sat there thinking over the notes I had been leading in the surgery. The air of the cellar was close, and the smell of the wet sawdust on the floor was most unpleasant. Clark went the dog's chair against the wall of the floor, as he moved un- easily about, wondering, I daresay, what was my errand there. Then the movement ceased for a time, or, partly absorbed in my thoughts, I failed to notice it. The next minute I started, feeling something rub against my leg. Looking 'down, I saw two glaring eyes just at my knee. The dog was loose, the Staple haying worked its way out of the dump and yielding mortar. " For a second or two I nearly lost consciousness. My heart seemed to stand still ; but by an effort I kept from going off into a faint. I shall never forget the next few minutes as long as I live. I was alone in the dark, with this rabid beast rubbing about my legs first one and then the other, as if he were trying to find out who I was. Then he tested his nose on my knees and looked straight up into my face. I sat like a statue, knowing that at the slightest movement he would probably seize me, and knowing (who better F) that such a state in his advanced state of disease was almost certain death, and a hon lble death tJO. ' "Nerving myself, I sat perfectly still, calculating as well as I could my chances of escape. Presently the dog put first one paw, then the other, on my knee, and, standing on his hind legs, gently rubbed his head against my breast, then over my arms, and then commenced to explore my fire. I shut my eyes, and felt his nose pass several times across my face, covering it with, saliva. Yet I dared not move I expected every instant he would seize me ; the very beating of my heart might disturb b and annoy him and I felt that, come what might, I must fling him off and make a dash for the door. " Suddenly he ceased rubbing against me, and appeared to be listening. He could hear the steps of the policy descending the ladder. I also could hear it, and knew not whether to call to him or keep silent. The dog now dropped down to my knees again, still listening and as the light of a candle streamed through the crevices of the badly fitting door he crept into the far corner of the cellar, evidently dreading being put upon the chain again. Then I made a dash at the door, swung it open, and, banging it to behind me, sank, more dead than alive, on a case near the waR. Seeing my state, the man brought me quickly a nip of brandy, and I pulled myself together. All this time the dog was growling furiously on theothersidoof thedoorHnd tearing at it in his mad endeavour to get at us. Steadying myself as well as I could, I placed the light on a pile of cases, and, filling my syringe with acid, opened the door about two inches. As I expected, the infuriated beast rushed at the opening; and as he did so I discharged the contents of the syringe into his open mouth in a few seconds all was over. When I went upstairs I found my trousers, vest, coat, hands, and face covered with the saliva from his mouth. I felt sick and faint, and looked BO the people said-white as a ghost; in fact, I could hardlyBtjind. " The dog I had killed was bitten by the mad dog that ran down Piccadilly some three weeks since, and had only showed symptoms of madness during the last few days." 