f cktttifir & m$tM. hs an abstract from Compte$ fiemltm, Pro fessor John Trowbridge, of Harvard College, gives on interesting account of a series of experiments made to ascertain how far the light of day penetrates into the waters of I^ke Geneva. It goes down to a depth of five hundred and fifty feet, where it is about equal to the brightness of a clear night with out any moon. The curious fact is recorded that in cloudy September weather the light descends further than in the bright days of August. The disincrnstaidon of steam boilers by TnfftfiH of elecbicity is again occupying at tention in France. Some experiments were recently described before tbe tulle manufac turers of Saint Pierre-les-Calais, showing the efficacy of passing a current of electricity through a boiler. The current, it was stated, caused a deposition of the carbonate of lime, chlorides of sodium, magnesia, alumina, silica and peroxide of iron, disengaged oxygen and carbonic acid, destroyed tbe adhesion of in crustation and caused the materials to settle in a soft pulverised state at the bottom of the boner. As Italian ship has been sheathed with glass plates, cast like iron plates, bo as to fit to the hell in the same manner as the copper sheathing. The joints of the plates are made water-tight by the use of water-proof mastic. These glass plates will not crash when encountering resistance, and as they are insensible to oxidation and exempt from incrustation, their advantage over copper and iron plates is by no means smalL The cost of the glass is considerably less than copper. Thus fai* 'tlie experiment is sud to have proved snecessfuL AIoxsteuk Delauxay has made a coaununi* cation to the Society dt Biotegie respecting memory, as studied under the various bio graphical conditions. The inferior races of wm-nlrin^ such &s; negroes, the Chinese, &c;, have more memory than those of a higher type of civilization. Primitive races, which were xniMttiT- ipfr*^ wiiih the art of writing, had a wonderful memory, and were for ages in the habit of h anting down from one gene ration to another hymns as voluminous as tbe Bible. Prompters and professors of declama tion know that women have more memory language quieter t-h-m their husbands. A eecekt German publication con tains a description of a new electric plant that has been christened Pkyto huxa eleetriatt which possesses strongly fnn.f-frgd ^|f^»tiTWfTi fttni ptJ4* properties. In breaking a twig the hand receives a shock that resembles the sensation produced by an induction coil. Experiments made on this plant showed that a small compass was affected by it at a distance of about 20 feet. On a near approach the needle vibrated and finally .began to revolve quite rapidly. Tbe phenomena was repeated in reverse order on receding from the plant. The energy of the influence varied wmi the time of the day, being strongest at about two o'clock p.m., and becoming almost nothing during the night. It was also greatly increased in stormy weather ; and when it rains the plant seems to wither. It is said that no birds or insects are even seen on or about this plant. The soQ where it grew contained no magnetic metal like^iron, cobalt, or nickel, and it is evident the plant itself possessed this elec trical property. Hebb W. Huffeld, an engineer of Prevail, Austria, publishes the following results of a Berks of experimente on welding steel in the ' Oettreieltucht Zfitxhrijt Jvr Bergiud HuUtn-Wextn.' He inwtam-re tbe fact that the Austrian navy, in its specifications for steel angles, has a welding test which will certainly be conceded to be severe. One of the sides is cut, the angle is bent at right angles, the flaps are welded together, and, when cold, the angle is again bent straight. Thia test the Australian Bessemer eteel will stand, the material having from 0*20 to 0*25 carbon, and a tensile strength of from 40 to 50 kilogB. Daring twenty-seven blows, Heir Hopfeld cast two sample ingots 70 mm. square and 300 mm. long, one of which was used for the weldiiur test, and the other for the corresponding test of metal, not welded. One ingot was cnt in two, and a butt weld made, each end being tapered go that, put together, they had a bearing surface of 70mm. Then, after a second low heat, the welded part was forged under a steam hammer to 20mm. square, and the rod turned to a diameter of about 15 mm., and well polished. When tested the bars yielded results which showed hardly any deterioration through welding. Phosphorus, the Engiwni**! ami Sfining Journal mentions, was in no case above 0*45, and sulphur not over 0*02 per cent. The test shows that by welding the tensile strength is, on an average, diminished by only 175 per cent, tbe majdmain being 5 per cent, and that the ductility is increased At the shipbuilding and engineering works of Messrs. J. and G. Thomson, at Clyde Bank, Glasgow, is a weighing machine of ex ceptionally great capacity. This machine, which was manufactured by Messrs. Henry Pootey and Son, of Albion Works, Glasgow, and Liverpool, is ou the suspension principle, and was specially designed for weighing marine boilers and heavy castings. The knife edges and hearings are all of extra fine cast steel, specially made for this purpose, and the other parts are of best steel and Lowmoor iron. The breaking strain is calculated at 1400 tons, and the machine has been tested at Lloyd's up to 120 tons. After testing, tbe machine was taken to pieces, and all the knife edges and bearings were found quite sharp and uninjured— a proof of the fine qualify of the steel employed. The machine is suspended from the shears by a mas-rive band of solid steel weigh ing IS&wL;, and tie lower link and croas head, from which the articles to be weighed are suspended, weigh IScwt. The levers and other working parts are all of the finest steel, and are enclosed in a waterproof box. The steelyard, or index lever, is also enclosed in a waterproof box, fitted with folding doors, and is graduated from pounds up to 100 tons, the indications being obtained by rneft-ws of sliding poises, withontloose weights. This part of bhe machine is nickel plated to prevent rust. Messrs. Pooley and Sons, who were the pioneers in the introduction of the platform weighing mn^htnp« in this country, have re cently made several weighing machines for home and abroad, including a weighbridge with a table 23ft- square, another with a plat form 40ft long ana a weighbridge of SO tons capacity, fitted with eight separate weighing tables. We may add that Messrs. J. and G. Thomson testify to the efficiency and accuracy of their 100-ton weighing machine, which they say h-^» given th«tm every satisfaction. A rumour is going about, observes the St. Jame* Gazette, that the Psychical Society has at last found a ghost. Hitherto the society h*f been in the painful position of calling spirits from the vasty deep, and only finding that Shakespeare was right about the difficulty of getting them to respond. The committee have, we believe, hired houses warranted to be h*mntfd by the most unex aeptionable spectres, have heroically slept in the haunted ch&mber; T*-ght. after night, and have not so mnch as heard a sigh or seen the least symptom of a faint blue light. Things were at their worst when a change came, which I''* apparently ended in brilliant dis coveries. In the hist volume of the Society's Transactions, or JournaL, there appeared a notice that persons wishing to be introduced to a real ghost shonld immediately applr to the Haunted Secretary, or words to that effect. So enthusiastic was the rush expected to be, that the Haunted Secretary would not pledge tijtr]Qp]f to find a bed in the chamber visited by 'The Thing' for every seeker after physical truth who might present hima»if, Some inquirers, however, was accommodated, and the 4*0 n wn' pn wb surpassed p-11 expecta tions. Hard knocks were the order of the day. The Ghost, whose appearance is not mentioned in the rumour, began by throwing tumblers (where did they come from !) at the representatives of the S.P.R. A heavy fender was tbe next missile employed, and after this the ghost sent a slab of the marble chimney piece flyjng at their heads, &nd; then at length lie retreat was reluctantly sounded. The experiment is, we hear, to be repeated as soon as the S.P.R. Vmu» armed its intrepid representatives witii plate armour, or some electric light is to be suddenly flashed upon the spectre to see if it will jump. It is most earnestly to be hoped that the persevering efforts of the society will meet with the re ward they deserve, and that this promising ghost will 'i'-int'n hip high character. Youths have more memory than adults. It is well developed in children, attains its maxunumaboutthe fourteenth orfifteenthyear and then, decreases. Feeble individuals of a lymphatic* temperament have more memory than the strong. Students who obtain the prize for memory and recitation chiefly be ong to tbe former class. Parisian students have also less memory thi*-n those who come from tbe provinces. At the Ecole Kormale and other schools the pupils who have the best memory are not tbe most intelligent. The memory is more developed among the the clergy than among the laity. The memory remains intact in diseases of the left side of the brain, and is much affected in those of the right, from which it may be inferred that the right side was more the seat of this faculty than the left. From a physiological point of view, memory is diminished by over-feeding, by physical exercise, and by education in this Eense— that the illiterate have potentially more memory t^1*!* those who know how to read and write. We remember, moreover, better in tbe morning thf ' the evening, and in the summer than the winter, and better in warm than in cold climates. Memory is, therefore, to a great extent, in inverse pro portion to evolutian, since it is greatest in those individuals who are the least advanced from an evolution point of view— inferior races, women, children, the feeble, tc. In short, according to Monsieur Delau&ay;, there is no evolution of the memory, which is first sensorial, literal, and then intelligent ; bat memory, properly speaking, diminishes in versely as the evolution. Tbe qnestion of displacing coal by liquid fuel for marine purposes is a subject which has been mnch neglected in this country, al though of great importance. The matter was brought to the notice of the Royal United Service Institution in a paper road b Admiral J. H. Selwyn. It is one with which the lecturer is well acquainted. Twenty years ago he drew attention to the enormous value of liquid fuel for the royal and mercan tile marines, and since then be has had the mortification of seeing the subject overlooked in Ffijyffl-Tid, and taken np by other nations, especially by Russia. According to the lecturer, by the use of liquid fuel a vessel can carry twice as much power of propulsion as a vessel with coal ; and the disadvantages which would arise to British vessels in having to meet opponents whicn could use donble powers in escaping without the aid of resort ing to a fuel station are apparent. Admiral Selwyn's object is to enforce greater economy of fuel, which can be effected, he says, with out any of that large expenditure often a necessary concomitant of radical changes. To burn liquid fuel instead of coal requires no change in the engines or boilers, and only such adaptation of the furnaces as can be readily carried oat in each ship by her own artificers and engineers. At the same time, it removes the necessity for a whole army ot stokers and coal trimmers. It enables a ship to receive her fuel with the greatest facility at sea or In harbour while proceeding under oteam or even Bail, ta without &njtt;&ces; ol dust or ashes, and is not liable either to spontaneous combustion or deterioration by tune, heat, or moisture. If the ship gets on shore, the fuel can be run out to lighten her, or pumped out into lighters with a speed and facility unapproachable with coal ; and, lastly, if, as the admiral believes, forty -six pounds of water can be evaporated with one pound of fuel, full steaming for twenty-four days can Thus each ship would be &ix; times as effec tive as now. It seems inconceivable how a nation like the British should have allowed this matter to remain dormant fill another Power took it up. The author pointed out are devoted to the ships and their crews. If each Bhip were made twice as efficient — that is to say, could remain on her station twice as long as before by reason of a change in ber fuel which gave her that power — this might be considered as affecting the value of the whole fleet to the extent of twelve millions per annum. We agree with the admiral that tbe subject is one which deserves serious considera tion, but we are unable to follow him in his figures. He seems to have forgotten tbe fact that the demand which would arise for the commodity in the event of liquid fuel being adopted for steamers would send up its price at once, as it has done on previous occasions when the demand ^-»m appeared imminent, and hence hiB calculations as to cost and effect would be at once upset. 