Reviews. Band, MITjiLT., anj, Co/fi Indexed Atlas of THB WOBLD. This atlas contains large-scale maps of every country and civil division on the globe, together with a vast mass of historical and descriptive matter relating to each, illustrated by colored diagrams which show tbe increase of population, wealth, debt, taxation, civil condition of people, chief urodi.ationfi. mannftLetnrea. and central state of all countries. The chief characteristics of a reliable work of this kind ought to be elaborateness F detail, simplicity of arrangement, ^.nd correct ness of data, and these, we think, distinguish this great work. That there are trivial errors in it is to be expected, for no work of 918 pages of closely printed matter, and of very large size, could be writtenor compiled without trivial errors creep ing into it. We give as an instance certain state ments appended to the map of Australia, and which are scarcely correct. The compiler of the article on Australia says that 'epidemic and zymotic diseases are little known,' whereas the fact is that zymotic diseases ere so very common that more than a thousand cases of them were treated last year in New South Wales alone. Again, the ?work says that it is reported that ' irrigation has developed fevers which were before unknown,'9 whereas tbe fact is that, with the exception of some inconsiderable irrigation works in Victoria (and which have not produced fevers unknown in that colony), there are no irrigation works in Australia. Again, it is said that the serpents are small, and but few of them venomous ; whereas the carpet snake, which be longs to the python or boa tribe, though not venomous, often attains a length of from 2ft to 12fc; and most of the smaller snakes are highly poisonous. The compiler says tliat birds of Para dise are found in Australia ; but the fact is that they are only found as ornaments in the bonnets of ladies, for New Guinea is the habitat of the bird of Paradise, These, and such like, are trivial errors which the compilers of such an ex tensive and grand work as the one under notice could scarcely avoid falling into. But, notwith standing these faults, we think that the work, considered as a work of reference — aa a geo graphical and topographical library of informa tion respecting all the countries on the face of our planet — t»kes a very high rank as an atlas amongst geographical eompendiums ; and we do not hesitate to express our opinion that it ought to be found in every public, as well as in every extensive private library.. The book is splendidly printed and got np in every respect in a superior style. The Victobian Eeview for July contains eleven articles, all more or lees readable, and several of them, on subjects which are specially interesting at the present time. An article on public debts and sinking funds by Mr.' 5. E. Fitz gerald, of New Zealand, is worth reading; because it explains the principles which are said to justify national borrowings, and inclines to the view that such borrowings have reached a height at which they may possibly become dangerous to the liberties of the people. The present is a borrow ing age, for every country which can get money to borrow is borrowing «s fast as possible, and thus increasing the in debtedness of the world. The Australian colonies are going ahead in the borrowing line, and have already incurred debts to the extent of many millions. Mr. Fitzgerald states that the public debts of the world amount to JS5,500,000,0O0, so that if this huge amount of money were represented by one pound notes, each four inches long, and the notes were placed in one continuous line end to end, the line would extend round the globe at the Equator, and would then leave a surplus of from nine thousand to ten. thousand miles. This fact will show how very industriously the nations of the earth have been availing themselves of the gener osity of their uncles, for they have been pawning the labor of future generations to benefit the present one, and hanging a millstone round the neck of posterity in order that they may have the means of slaughtering their fellow creatures. The greater parts of the debts of the world have been contracted for carrying on wars ; and, with few exceptions, these wars have been wars of ambition, of conquest, or of revenge. A Mr. D., B. discourses rather boastfully on Bishop Temple's Batnpton lectures oa the relation between science and religion, but overlooks the fact that neither Bishop Temple, nor any other Christian evolu tionist, has proved that matter and force — understanding these terms to mean the sum of all physical existences and phenomena — were created, that is, brought into existence at some point in the flow of infinite duration. The bishop and bis commentator, D. B., accept evolution, and contend that things are evolved by the action of a Spiritual Power immanent in the universe, who originally designed that matter shonld have the properties by the action of which the evolution of things and phenomena takes place. This is not the place for a theological dis cussion, nor do we here advocate the views of either the theist or the atheist : but we maintain that the first postulate to be established in a dis cussion of this bind is the fact that matter and force were created and endowed with the proper ties under which evolution takes place. Until this is done, theists who accept evolution have no logical light to assume that evolution displays design. Sir John Hei-schell and Clerk Maxwell have supposed that tbe chemical affinities or relations of atoms*to each other ?warrant the inference that such atoms were manufactured; but this is merely a bald restatement of the argument- from effect to cause. A masterly argument, showing beyond all doubt that matter was created, and endowed with the properties i* at present possesses has, so far as we know, never* been printed. Certainly the reader will not find it in D. B.'s article, nor yet in Bishop Temple's Bampton lectures. D, B.'e article, nevertheless, is well worth reading, and a similar remark is applicable to several other articles in the current number of the ' Review.' India's Daxgeb and England's Duty. — The history of the Eussian advance upon Afghan istan. By Eickabd Euesell. Ward, Lock, and Co., London. This work is a welcome addition to the cheap literature which the impending war . between England and Russia has called into existence. It is perhaps as good a work on the subject as could foe obtained at the price, namely, one shil ling; and, indeed, we know --.f n0 other work which gives so clear a view of the causes which hare rendered the advance of Aussia toward Afghanis tan inevitable. . The rise of tbe Russian Power, the rise of England's- power in India, England's responsibilities to India, the resistance offered by the petty princes of Central Asia to the advance of the Russians, the persistent cruelties of the Russians, the still worse cruelties of the Turco mans, and many other things connected 'with the present strained relations between England and Russia, are all sketched in brief outline, bnt stall so comprehensively as to enable the reader to become seised with all the facts of the case. The book is divided into twelve chapters, in one of whicb. a very interestins account of Afghanistan, Us climate, height above the sea level, fertility, mineral wealth, vegetation and fauna is giv»n. Mr. Russell conaidftrs that England is iiandicapped by nor relations with the Afghans, and he ex presses strong doubts as to the good faith of the (Ameer. The Work is illustrated with maps and portraits, and - being nicely printed, those who purchase it will get mil value for their BhiniTtcr Botast Bat, oeTe-ce Talks of \Eably Aus t&alia;, by Johh Lang, Barrister-at-law, is a very interesting republicataon issued by the New South Wales- Book Stall Company.. The original has been so long out of print that, to the majority of readers, the book will be, comparatively speaking, a new one, and as containing many curious illustrations of a state of things which is remembered by very few colonists at the present day, wilL doubtless, be welcome. The author, V''?ft*f a native of Australia, had the opportunity of gathering his material at first hand, much that he relates having come within the scope of bis personal knowledge, and the vest having been communicated to him by informants for whose credibility he vouches, and who were oontBmporsnenia.with the ? events' «nd characters tiw described. The first tale in the collection i« the famous one of 'Fisher's Ghost,' whicb claims additional attention as being also, we believ*,^eSrjrt *erswia of that aotable ooatzibu tion to the liter*tnre: of fee superqatarai. For ohvicrnsreflEOni. the wal nomftpof the celebrities, of whom Mr. Lang treats, are not always giveu* but, where such concealment was unneees* sary, the opposite course has been fol lowed. A strange chapter of family, his* tory is embodied in the story of the girl whom Mr. Lang calls Kate Crawford- George Barrington, who as a pickpocket was as notorious in England as Dick Turpin or Claude Duval had been as highwaymen, is the hem of another, and is, of course, introduced under bis proper name. So is Sir Henry Hayes, who was sent out here for life in thf beginning of the present century, and wh©, as a' special' prisoner of the Crown, was permitted to reside in his own cottage which he had built on the site now occupied by the house of the Wentwortb. family on the Vaucluse estate. Mr. Lang, how ever, does not appear to have been acquainted with the somewhat romantic sequel to Hayes's career in New South Wales. He received a free pardon from the Prince Regent (afterward George IV.) and returned home. Toe pardon was granted at the instance of a daughter of Sir Henry's, who, at a ball given by the Prince at Carlton House, had the honour of dancing with ' the first gentleman in Europe,' and took that opportunity of pleading successfully on behalf of her father. Hayes's offence was the abduction of a Quaker lady of large fortune. The reference to his daughter renders it necessary to add that, he was a widower when he carried off the Quakeress, and tried to force her to marry him. There are, thirteen stories in alL Some of them may perhaps be considered as slightly apocryphal, but none can fail to afford a considerable amount of en tertainment, and occasionally not a little valuable information, to those who peruse them. 