Tin ministeor of mieon, who had contomplteod an extensive tour through, tihe far wont of Now South Wales, for which all nrtmangemnonts had beeoon made and which would have occupled him over a month, hns postponed the greator part of the proposed journey until after the clone of the parliamentary nsision. Mr. Abbott will, however, go as far an Hay and Banranald, and at caoh pinoe will be banquoted. lie will roturs to Sydney in time to be in his place in parliament during the nsession. H.M.S. NElson has sailed for Melbourne, where she will be docked at Williamstown. She will after- wards proceed to Hobart, and will be absent from Farm Cove about six weeks. The Evening News understands that Mr. Dalley and his collongnon, in view of the strained relations existing between Enilandl and Iunoia at the present time, have beeoon ceriouily discuesing the probable ouseiuoences to the colony louldl war bn deolared, and that already proiillinary otops have been taken by the government for ostreugthening the fortilieatione generally, and for calling out troops. The hlows from England is now momeontarily awaited with the deepest anxiety. At a meeting of the board of health on Monday, it was deided that no all the panssengers of the Iingarooma bad submitted themolveon to re- vaccinao tlon, they could be released from quarantine after Ionr'dayn' detention. This coureo had boon adopted in accordance with a resoultion which wasn pansod by tho Aftstralaeian Banitary Conforeouc. The period of detention expired oil Toueday. James, the steward, who is still suffering from omall- pox, will of,aohreo be detained. The annual mooeting of the New South Wales AuxilIary to the Britinsh and Joroign Bible Society was hold on Tuesday evening. Within the last few wooks the spheres of threoe nagent in Auntralasia have boon defined from London. Hitherto the limit of their sphores has boon somowhat vague. The Rev. IH. T. RIobjolmo B.A., now has charge of Queensland, New South Waleoo, and Enatoin Victoria as far an the Melbourne and Echuoa railway, but exclusive of the city of Melbourne, the two onpitals Sydney and Brisbane falling within his mission. The eov. N. Wilfrid Bobinson tlioen Melbourne, Western Victoria, South Auntralia, West Australin, and Tasmania. The Irov. E. Balier occupies Now Zealand. The Bishop of Goulburn desiron es (S. M. Herald) to state, on behalf of the Hou. John Campbell, that the rooent telegram from England, to the effect that the Fiji bishoprio had boun abandoned, is incorrect. The establishmenout of it is moroly postponed for temporary reasons. The libel ease, Mc Elhono v. Bennett and others (proprietors of the Evening Nows), was comnmenced on Monday morning in the banco court before thie chief justice and a spooial jury. The plaintiff, Mr. John MoElhone M.L.A., umen the dlofondants for £10,000 for damages alleged to have been euetaiued to his charactnr by the publication in the Evening News in April last of a libellous statmeont with reference to him. The alleged libel was in con. nountion with the parliamentary investigation into the transactions between Mr. Meo Elhono and a person named lHandeakor, for whom it was alleged Mr. Mu Elhone had obtained a position in the civil servioe, the emoluments acoruing from which Mr. Me Elbono had nused for the dicoharge of a debt duo to him by Handsaker. The case is being con. tinued from day to day, the plaintiff's case being finished on Tuesday. The general asseombly of thb Presbyterian Church is now holding its aesnions. At the mooting on Monday evening, the Rtev. Dr. McDonald delivered an interosting address relative to the proposed federation of thli Presbytorian churches of Australia, and was accorded a vote of thanks, The London correspondent of the Daily Telegraph statos that Mr. J. C, Williamson is malking an effort to induce the famous Ameaticau actress Miss Mary Anderson to visit Australia under his auspicon. It is known that thin lady is anzious to see this part of thbo world. It may not be generally known that Mr. Sponeor, the Amoriean consul in Sydney, in a cousin of Mine Mary Anderson. Thoe ame authority says: "Your readers will notice that the famous Dr. Temple, Bishop of Exotor, and known to fame asn the first of the writers in the heterodox ' Essays and Rtoviows,' hai been promoted to the son of London. I heard the other day, on high ocoleoiantio authority, that the now vacant noee of Extor would probably have beon offered to Dr. Barry, had he not accpted the Primaoy of Australia." Mr. Walter Bradley has recoivod a telegram from Captain R. C. Ghost, of the Pacifil Steanmhip Company's steamor, Australia, on route from San Francisco, intimating that lie has on board a pair of pnmas, which will form an interesting and rare addition to the collection of animals now at the Zoological Gardeous. Thomas Dunn, a middlo.aged lman, was on Tiles. day eontounced to death at the central criminal court for shooting, with intent to murder, at Ultimo, one John Brown, whom he cuspectod of familiarity withl his wife. Two men, namesn unknown, woro found dead on Tuesday--one in Moore Park, with a revolver by his oid, one ohamber discharged-and the other in Hoskins.plece, off Castloroagh.stroet. A meooting of the tender board at the public works department was hold on Tuonday morning, when tendoer for various works wore received-amongst others three for carpjontei's shop, Goulburn. For the manufacture of 150,000 tone of iron rails, of which notieon has boon given now for six mbnths, there was not asingle tender receioved. A cable message has been received by Mr. James Allison from Mr. Georgo'Augustus Sala, at Auckland, stating that his opening lecturo in the colonies will be upon War, Revolutions, and Tumnults. Two million rounds of ammunition and five thousand additional stand of rifles have boon ordered by the government from England, and an improved choemo of. harbour dofoueo will be submitted to parliamoent. 