ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. TOMMY ATKINS ON THE CAMP. I'm Tommy Atkins and may be You've heard of me before, I am not the one to fabricate Nor are I one to jaw. I simply tells yer what I sees And how I feels the thing, They call campaigning under tents A sort of soldiering. Wliate'er a soldier's set to do It ain't for him to stay. His dootys just to go ahead, Not question, but obey. So Fin a soldiering yon see. And somehow, though it's wet, I rather likeB this kind of life, Leastways I do as yet. But what I wish to talk about. Is how our own canteen Was stopped by Mr. Colton, In a way I've never seen. Blue Bibbing and teetotal, toes A Minister may be, But 'taint in reguylations yet That he should make so tree. 'Twas like a slur on all of us, In this ere camp, I say, A branding us as topers all, He did the fustest day. We're pretty steady here in camp, And not so loose, I think, Although the canteenf s open, but Bestricted as to drink. I've beered as how tobacco pipes, He's rather gone agin; And as to chewing negrohead, That is a mortal sin. Salvation Army steadiness Is what he wants to git, And soon knee drill he'll order us Before he thinks us fit. But Tommy Atkins takes his turns, And does his duty true, Whatever people think of it, Or what they choose to do. We don't kick up at discipline, We don't mind extra drill, So long as grub comes in all right, And Government pays the bill. There is a very narrow gap between the sublime and the ludicrous about the encamp ment of our little volunteers. A good many of the men's wives seemed to regard the matter as a regular downright " going forth to battle," and trudged alongside their hus bands as they marched in the ranks, with all the air of parting for ever or something like it. One man had not been two days in camp when he wanted leave to go to his grandmother's funeral-agoodandsnfficientreasonjbutwithal ' there was a little inventiveness. The sickli ness of the families of a few men was sin gular, and the idea was suggested that Mrs. 'Arris was around. Wives have sought ad mittance into the camp before it was three days' old as if it were in the Crimea, and the general public were so impressed with the martial aspect of the thing that the very sight of a sentry [coming along his beat is enough to awe them into obedience. If the ground were in the South Sea Islands, ren dered sacred by the footprint of a chief, it could not be more Btrictly tabooed, Not many yean ago a man was found dead in the North, not far from a bush public honse, where an inquest was held. The Jury unanimously agreed that the remains were those of an old man well known in the district, whom we will call "Billy the Cook," and returned a verdict that Billy the Cook had died from want of water and exposure. The remains were dnly buried, when the majority of the Jury, and some who were not Jurymen, got on the spree. Many half drunken remarks were passed about " poor old Billy" being gone at last, and that a cleaner old cook never baked a damper, and not one of the growling sort either'(bush cooks are proverbial for being growlers). This sort of talk had gone on for some time, when Boniface began to give hints that it was about time to go to bed, and that it was very near shutting-up time, when who should stalk in to the bar in perfect health but Billy the Cook, who, before they had time to gasp their astonishment, called for a pint of beer. Superstition was rife among the ex-jurymen, some seemed terror-stricken, others looked as if they be held old Billy's ghost; when one more venturesome and less intoxicated than the rest drew him into a conversation, which showed plainly that he had just come off a long tramp, and that he was the veritable old Billy. The surprise had the effect of sober ing most of them, the effect on their minds which was caused by suddenly seeing a man whom they all supposed to be dead can be better imagined than described. An Irishman can often find two meanings to a word, although it is seldom one can transform a title in such a ridiculous manner as one did the other day when reading a notice on which was printed the name of the Hon. Mr. Blank, M.L.C. Pat hesitated when he came to the name, and Baid, thoughtfully—" Now, I have often wondered what that meant;" and then drawled thoughtfully " M—L—C. Oh, I know; he's a convict, and the M.L.C. manes he mustn't lave the calany." We once heard of a boy who thought M.L.C. stood for Member of the Lushing Club. M.L.C. might stand for many things, although if it stands for the boy's version of it it would be a blessing to the colony if a few hundred members of the Lushing Club did leave the colony. An Irishman was recently driving an old horse in a cart, when the animal suddenly tripped, and falling, broke both knees. A generous bystander gave the man a flask con taining a stiff nobler of brandy, advising him to take the animal home, and after well washing the kness, to get the sand out of the wound, to rub the knees with the brandy. Paddy took the horse home, Bhortly after which he was met by an acquaintance, who asked him if he had rubbed the horse's knees with the brandy. Paddy replied with a wink and sly leer—"No, me honey, I swallowed the brandy mesilf and spat on the ould harse's knees." 