ALL-DAY CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE. Tin: MORNING SESSION. AN nil-day Christian conference uuder the auspices of the Adelaide Ministeral Association was held in the Y.M.C.A. rooms (kindly granted free nf charge) oil Monday, June 22, the public holiday. The day was dry and clear, but cold, nevertheless a good number were present in the forenoon, a larger number in the afternoon, and a still larger number in the evening. Those present included a great many ministers, together with representatives of most of the Christian Churches of the city and suburbs of all denominations. At 10 30 a pravcr meeting was held in the parlours, conducted by the Rev. Jno. Watson ; the conference proper began at 11 o'clock iu the large hall. There was a good attendance. After a hymn and prayer, the chairman, the Rev. Jas. Lyall, slid they had met to confer respecting Christian work, and how to carry it on more efficiently. The conference had been arranged by the Ministerial Association, which had hecu iu existcuce for some time. The association had repeatedly considered the question of reaching the masses aud of making Christian work tell upon the unconverted, and it had been thought that a public conference should be held for the purpose of considering these matters; he hoped that the result of the conference would be to stir up the Christian public io greater eiruestuess and consecration iu the work of i eaehinn thcuns.ived and bringing men to Christ. The Rev. .,'. G. Wright would rather have !;een a listener than a speaker. His subject was, " Power from on high —our need of it." He had not prepared a paper, hut would speak to his subject for a few minutes. Power from on high meant the gitt of the Holy Spirit, scritrure was quoted in support of this view. Special rc'erenee was made to the early Church waiting for the promise of the Father. At length the Spirit cime, and the apostles went forth, no longer weak and timid, but li'.ve giants refreshed, filled with power to preach tne Goso. l, to convert sinners, aud to witness for Christ. Power from mi high was the energy of the Holy Ghost coming up .n men so that they were no longer selfish and worldly, but fille i wilh the spirit of love, selfsacrifice. and service. This power was needed for the conversion of the soul to G <il, for deliverance from the guilt and power of sin. Such was the power of sin, of evil habit, that men could never be brought to Chri-t without the power of the Holy Ghost. When the preacher lacked the. spirit of G id he could give no life to tne sinner, could nut lead him to Carist, or reach his heart. Without 'he enlightenment, and leading, aud teaching of the Spirit of God. no good could be accomplished, all human effort was m vaiu. Tae Spirit of God gave light, liberty, joy, peace. The Spirit of God was also needed for the perfecting of the saints. The churches were full of backsliders who had begun the Christian life, bur, who had never got any further. They failed to receive the Iloly Ghost as t'ueir sanctifier. He had once faded to do this himself, but since he had taken the Holy Ghost as his sanctifier, there had been a marked difference in his spirit, in his home, in his work. Power from on high was also needed in the churches to make tlieui aggressive. Christ meant that the world should be converted to Him. Iu the early days of Christianity the progress was marvellous. It was the result of the reception of power from on high, by the apostles aud others, against which nothing could stand. Trie Rev. J. Y. Simpson thought Mr. Wright had hit the nail on the head when he said that if we would have power from on high we must be entirely emptied of self, and entirelv given up to Gil. This had been the secret of any success which he had attained in his ministry. They needed the baptism of the Holy Ghost in Adelaide. They had everything else. Mr. Jacob Abbott for some time past had been fully convinced of the need-of a larger measure of the Holy Spirit iu Christian work. For many years he had known what it was to he a co-worker with God, and at times enjoyed special manifestations of the Divine Spirit. He felt tr.at before he could ask others to make a full consecration of themselves to God, he should have first have done the same thing himself. He was thankful for that meeting of Christians of all denominations. The Rev. J. Uickford wished that, he had Mr. Wright's fire. He had been engaged for more than fifty year,- in preaching C iri-l. Tne burden of church affairs - finance, organization, discipline, keeping the people right.—had a orbed much uf his attention, and had prevented his euioymeut of the blessing of power from on high as much as he would have liked. II; had, however, received a new accession of power at Moorings, in connection with the visit uf Mr. Burnett, which he had never since lost. He alluded to the ravages of the drinking customs in the city amongst the churches, and even .amongst ministers. He begged the Christian people to touch not the unclean thing. If they w,lutel the Spirit of G id they must, have, done with ardent spirits. After prayer by Mi'. Jauies Smith, and a hymn, Rev. T. E Tnomis, M.A., spoke on the topic, "Power from on high; how to obtain it." That thev needed it was a guarantee that it was to be obtained. It was possible that all might be filled with power from on lr.gh—a present Pentecost was possible. If God's people now fulfilled the conditions they might be filled with the Spirit of God to-day, as in Jerusalem. Wc were commanded to be filled with the Spirit, and God promised to give His Holy Spirit to those who asked Ilim. To be filled with the Spirit would qualify them for carrying on God's work. It would give light, power, love, wisdom, conviction, elevation of soul, all they needed to witness for God iu the world. Why was the possession of the Spirit a comparatively rare experience ? Young converts were not taught to seek to be filled with the spirit, and consequently sometimes went astray from God. The late Rev. C. G. Finney received the gift of the spirit on the day of his conversion. It was as easy to be filled with the spirit, as it was to be pardoned or justified. The conditions were —first, entire dedication of the life to God ; and second, faith in C irist for this special blessing. The blessing must not be sought fur the sake of being happy or for the sake of our reputation, but solely for Gud's glory. Power mu-t ba sought too, for holy living. Business must be dedicated to God, ownership given up to Him for ever. The world must be renounced. Nothing must be kept back. When a full surrender had been made, then there must be faith in Christ, for the reception of the Holy Spirit. As soon as they desired and expected the blessing it would come. The result might not be sudden or striking. There might be no immediate conscious change experienced. It might be God's purpose to test their faith, but after the test the blessing would come and would abide, not always so full, or so glorious as might be wished, but still there for ever. He felt that if they that day would pray unitedly and earnestly for the blessing it would be poured out upon the" city. Miss Havergal's hymn "Consecration" was then sung. Mr. H. Hussey said it was Mr. M iody's opiniou that ministers did not more frequently receive the Holy Spirit, because of the prevalence of worldlineas in the church. The churches had grieved awny the Spirit by worldliness. Ministers should endeavour to ascertain what it was, which was grieving away the Spirit, and faithfully call attention to it no matter at what co-t of popularity. The Rev. S. Knight thought that utter abnegation of self was a condition of the reception of the spirit. We should be as nearly passive as possible, and allow the Spirit of God to flow through u?. Tne best kind of window was that whxh showed least frame and most glass through which the light might flow. He related some of his own experiences through the week, showing that selfsurrender had immediately been followed by power for service. Mr. James Smith agreed with Mr. Husssy that there were hindrances in the churches. lie urged that individuals should seek the blessing, and if individuals could but get right the churches would get right. After prayer the morning ses-dou terminated. THE AFTERNOON SESSION. At 2.30 a prayer-meeting was ugain held in the parlour, which was crowded. The Rev. E. Gratton was the conductor. The conference resumed at 3 o'clock in the large hall. Mr. Jacob Abbott cresided. After a hymn, Scripture, aud prayer, the R;v. F. W. Main spoke to the subjtct —" The personal ageucy of the Holy Ghost, and the importance of realizing it." He had not been able to prepare a piper, but would offer a few observations which might ^erve us a stariiug-poiut iu the discussion to follow. The two objects before the church were the upbuilding of saints aud the conversion of sinners—the latter was the most important. Without the conversion of sinners, there could be no church. Then the condition of sinners was clamant ; they were in danger of perishing. The conversion of sinners was also necessary for the glory of God and the extension of Christ's Kingdom. The conversion of smners was to be brought about by Diviiie agency. The Spirit of God was tne quiekener. No man could en;er the Kingdom of God who b id n it been born aglin by tiie agency of the Spirit. Th - Spirit wrought by means, by human instruments. Ti e instruments used by the Spirit ot God were preachers and Christians teachers. It wis ours to preuch the Gospel, to wain, to entrea', to beseech, and to cxiior: ; but the word preached would be of no aval: unless accompanied by the p >wor of the Spirit. The age icy nf the Holy Spirit was also necessary to the cntii.ii.jd I.fe of Goil in the soul, from its inception to its cot summation iu the paradise of God. Tne i-np irtanec of reeoguising the personal ageucy of the third person in the Trinity in the. work of salvation was of en overlooked. T.ic Rev. E. Grat'un in his own ministry had for some time felt a deeper sense of the nee i of the personal agency of the Holy Ghost in his work fur God. Mr. G. Crasu wished to bear testimony to 'he personal agencv of the third person iu the Trinity. He knew the Holy Ghost as hi; eniightener, teachi r. and comforter. lie was convince i that if men wished to be a uuwer for good in anv po-iiion iu life, they must be filled with tne II dy G e'st. The Rev. J. Lyall said t.i. y all believed iu the Divi; ity and personality of the Holy Ghost. The doctrine uf the personal agency of the Spirit occupied a large ph'.cc. in the New Testament. It was important that we should remember that we were temples of the Holy Ghost. If we could m ure often bear this in mind, it would help us to maintain Christian dignity and puritv, and to avoid defiling the temple of the Holy Ghost. The agencv of the Spirit did not excuse human idleness or mditi'erence ; but after we had done our best, we were still dependent upon the Spirit for success After a hymn and prayer, the Rev. S. Knight spoke on " Witnesses tu the baptism of power." The audience might be regarded as witnesses to the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Christians to-day had a clearer realization of the facts of the incarnation than men had 30 years after Christ's death. This was the grandest miracle of the ages. One. proof of the reception of the Spirit was that He verified to us the [ruth of Scripture. The power required to-day was the power for service and testimony, this was the power possessed by the prophets. Samuel set men systematically to work to seek the Spirit, aud from his day there was a succession of men who were tilled with the Spirit. Electricity surrounded the world. Beojimin Franklin had tapped the thundercloud, and from that act came all our telegraphs and telephones, the light and the motive power oi the world of rhe future. The power of tiie Holy Ghost surrounded the church, what was wanted was conductors. Samuel was one of these, Kligah was another, Elisha, Zichariah, Simeon, John the B iptist, an 1 the 12 J at Pentecost were witnesses. The 120 prayed till the Spirit came, were they prepared to pray for ten days? No, they were not, it was not iu them ; he ,«puke for himself as well as for them. If they had the spirit of the early witnesses tiiev would have the sam.' baptism. Amongst modern witnesses for Christ, C. G. Finney was spoken of, who had seen half a million of souls brought to Ciirist under his ministry. McCheyne had the Baptism of the Spirit in such a measure that Hell became real to him—he saw it. W. C. Burns bad the Spirit in the shape of a great passion for souls and pursued it iu China as he did iu Dundee. We bad such men amjngst us—in that hall—while listening to the preaching of a brother he had sank under the power of the word iuseusible. He had seen William Taylor and D. O Dontell under the power of the Holy Ghost. He did not dare to speak of those who were present. When meu were under the power of the Spirit they supplied conditions, a climate in which men were moved to come to Christ. Captain Melville, of Port Augusta, said because he believed in the Holy Guost he expected to see the Bethel flag at the main of every vessel. He thought every Christian should be willing to testify to the power of the Holy Spirit. The Rev. J. Y. Simpson said he dare not sit still without bearing witness to the power of the Holy Ghost iu his own life. He depended to his ministry up m the power of the Holy Ghost, and every year God gave him some souls. Sometimes few, sometimes many. Mr. E. Hounslow could sit still no longer, he felt the power of the Spirit iu his heart now. He had felt it the previous day when conducting a meeting with Captain Melville, when one soul yielded to God. Before the reception of the Spirit his labours had been fruitless. Since then God had used him. Mr. E. J. Paternoster said he had received the blessing which he had come that day expecting. He believed that a present pentecost was possible. After devotional exercises the meeting dispersed. EVENING MEETING. At 7 o'clock the parlour was crowded for the prayer meeting, which was conducted by the Rev. J. Y. Simpson. At the public meeting, which followed at 7.30, the large hall was very well tilled, nearly all the chairs being occupied. The President of the Wesleyan Conference, the Rev. C. T. Newman, presided After devotional exercises, Mr. Newman said it gave him great pleasure to take some part in the conference, and to share in the blessing which had been enjoyed. He trusted the evening meeting would help those who were present to realize that the Holy Spirit was working in and through them. They were to get blessing that they might cuuimunicate it to others. The more they received themselves of the love of God the more they would want to spread the blessings of salvation. The meetings held that day would tend to give an impetus not only to those present, but to the churches, and the blesBing would spread until it reached all parts of the colony. He hoped that one result would be that they would be led to testify with boldness, so that Binners might be saved. It would be a weakness in their meeting that night if it did not result in present conversion to God. After a collection had been taken to defray expenses, the Rev. J. McEwin spoke on the " Spiritual resources of the Church." The mention of resources implied a mission to perform a task to accomplish. The individual Christian had to fight against the world, the flesh, and the devil. The church hud to cnnquer the world for Chrisr. How was she equipped for the task ? There was no lack of material resources, but these alone were inadequate. But the church had adequate spiritual resources, which were larger, better, nobler, more effective than anything tangible. Ail things were theirs. What could be more than this ? Among the spiritual resources of the church, God must placed first. He was the portion of His people. All that He had was theirs. They were not alone, or helpless, or weak, for the shout of a King was in the midst of their camp. And Christ was theirs also—God's unspeakable gift to the world. All fulness was in Him and unsearchable riches. There was no need He could not supply ; no case He could not meet; no life which he could not redeem. The Holy Spirit also was theirs, shed forth by the Father and the Son—a gift never to be resumed, present wherever believers were, to be their guide, comforter and friend. Angelic ministries, the Bible with its ten thousand promises, the words and deeds, the holy examples of the pious dead and the righteous living were amongst the spiritual resources of the church. The church with such resources, with God on their side, with Christ in heaven, with the Holy Spirit on earth, surrounded by angelic ministries, with the Bible in their hands, inspired by holy examples, should rejoice and sing, and more, thus equipped, should go forth to smite evil and to fulfil the mission God had given them. Success was certain, the stars in their courses would fight for them. The earth should yet be filled with the knowledge of the glory of God. The Rev. S. Mead spoke on conditions of success in Christian work. He was glad his text was success. SucceBs in connection with Christ's cause was a grand reality. Success was the idol of the world. Nothing succeeds like success. If success with regard to temporal things occupied so high a place in world's esteem, ought not success in Christian work to occupy a higher place in the esteem of the church? He wished to say Buch words as would persuade the humblest that they could attain success in Christian work. Each Christian should make it his ambition to strengthen his fellow- Christians. There should also be witnessing to the grace and power and life of Christ. Then there was the work of winning souls for Christ. He wished to assure all present that they could save souls and help and cheer others. They must believe that they could achieve success. Then get into harmony with Christ, understand why, how, when, and where Christ wanted His work done, and then yield themselves to Christ to do His work in His own way. Work hard. Hard, diligent labour was needful to ensure success for God. We had not learned to work for Christ as men work for the world. The Marquis of Salisbury, we were told, had achieved his position by hard work. Who had work so hard as that grand Christian hero, Gladstone? (Applause.) Ob, that God would inspire His people to work, hard for Him. Not to come to a prayer-meeting, or once or twice to church on Sunday, or to put a shilling in the plate; but to work hard for souls, for God, for Christ. The work was worth doing—to save one soul was worth all the effort which could be put forth. Work wisely, with tact, with understanding. Work with the right instruments—the truth as it is in Jesus was a weapon which never failed when used rightly. The human heart must be first changed before any satisfactory reformation could be effected—no surface work would do. He hoped they would leave that room feeling that each one might be an agent of the michty Spirit of God. The church could not fail with Christ on the throne, and with the Spirit of God here, success was certain. The Eev. H. T. Burgess offered prayer, and then the Rev. W. R. Hiddlestone delivered an evangelistic address. Mr. Hiddlestonj said Christ first fed Hie disciples and then the multitude. During the earlier part of the day believers had been fed, now the last address was to be given to the unsaved. His text was in Acts xiii. 26—" To you is the word of this salvation sent." Salvation was of the Lord ; the Gospel had lost none of its saving power. The previous evening a leader in the infidel camp had yielded to the power of the truth. The salvation which God sent was personal. It was for individuals, Each one should ask, "Have I believed in Jesus Christ?" It was a perfect salvation. In Jesus Christ there was no condemnation. It was also a precious salvation, purchased by the blood of Jesus. Without the shedding of blood there was no remission. We were redeemed with the precionB blood of Christ. Had they been washed in the blood of Jesus ? It was also a present salvation. He that believeth hath everlasting life. They might go out of the hall that night in possession of salvation, a glorious salvation, wrought out by God through Jesas Christ. He besought them to turn to God that night; to believe in the Lord Jesu9 and they should be saved. The meeting closed with prayer, and an enquiry meeting, to which a considerable number of persons remained. 