FROM THE GHOST'S POINT OF VIEW. The phenomena called "Hauntings," the phenomena of haunted houses, have a veritable psychological interest. Whether we believe that the sights and sounds grouped under the term have an objective existence, or 'whether we look on them as the results of fancy and imposture, they certainly constitute a curious problem in the history of human experience. The kind of events, real or pretended, is suffi ciently well known. Figures, as of living persons, are thought to be seen, where no such persons have actually been pre sent. Violent sounds, as of hammers beating the walls and furniture, sounds of ponderous bodies being tossed about, frequently occur. Less noisy "rappings" are often mentioned, and the sounds as of steps, of a man walking where no one is visible, are not less usual elements in the disturbances of "haunted houses." The interest, to minds not superstitiously in clined, of all such stories, lies in their uniformity, wide diffusion, and ancient circulation. The narrative to which these remarks serve as a preface was obtained in the following manner. A family, con sisting neither of superstitious persons, nor of "physical researchers," occupied, lately, a certain house on the borders of Somerset and Devonshire. The new oc cupants of Combe Verney (so the old manor was called) soon found themselves in the thick of the usual phenomena of haunted houses. They also soon satisfied themselves that no watchfulness or in genuity of theirs could detect the force which produced the impression of a view less tread, of the movement of the heavy furniture, the opening and shutting of locked doors, and so forth. The villagers, by a hasty generalisation, averred that the "old squire walks," and thus settled the whole question of the noises in Combe "Verney. Only on one occasion was anything at all like an "appa rition" vouched for by educated evidence. A young lady, a visitor at Combe Verney, was found, on the morning after her arrival, investigating very closely the bookshelves which covered all the walls of the library. She was asked if she was looking for any volume in particular. She replied that she was trying to find out the second door in the room. " But there is no second door in this room," said one of the family. " There must be," re plied the visitor, " because the gentle man who was here when I came yesterday afternoon went out by this side of the walL" " Was he one of us V' asked the other. " No, he was a stranger ; some-, one, I supposed, who had been paying a visit.in the afternoon." The reply was that no one had called in the afternoon, and that the wall was an outside wall, which could not possibly have a door pierced in it. They had attempted to construe the nocturnal sounds in some sense by sitting round tables, replying with raps to the raps of the viewless force, and so on, all to no avail. Finally tbey adopted the plan thus explained in a letter from one of the inmates. The plan was not successful, as will be seen, but led to the receipt of the communication from the cause (human or not) of the phe nomena, which follows in its proper place. '• One night, as a last effort to establish a correspondence with the cause of the manifestations," writes our corres pondence, " K. left a large supply of foolscap, a pencil, a pen! and ink. tout ceo qiCilfaut pour ecirc (as in the stage direc tions of a French playl, on the library1 table. We then locked the door outside, removed the key, sealed the door, and went to bed. That night was unusually quiet. After breakfast we solemnly re moved the seals, unlocked the door, and entered. The pen, ink, and paper had not been touched, but a large book, Boswell's * Johnson,' in one volume, which was certainly closed when we left the room, was thrown open. ' The ghost has been reading Bozzy,' said K., examining the open page. ' Why, 'Why, the book is stained,' he added ; it can't have got 'foxed' in a single night.' We all looked at the open page. It was stained, certainly, but not in the random blotchy way known as 'foxed' by collec tors and booksellers. Beneath certain letters there were very minute and faint reddish marks. Examining them through a pocket microscope, we found that the color (everywhere faint) was strongest in the centre, and grew dim towards the cir cumference. When our curiosity could find nothing more to feed upon, A hap pened to drop the book, and, as he picked it up, it opened at another page. That, too, was marked in precisely the same manner. We soon found out that most of the book wa3 thus stained. The minute blots were neatly placed beneath certain letters. A happy thought oc curred to K. 'Let us arrange the marked letters in order of words,' he said, and began to read them aloud from the page he chanced to hold open. ' " This was a new shock," ' he spelled out slowly. Clearly the words had not been marked at random, whoever marked them. Had a communication at last been opened with the unknown force in the house ? B. seized the foolscap and a pen, and sat down to write at K.'s dictation, who picked out the words with no difficulty from the printed page. The message from the being, or essence which (accord ing to its confession) had caused the 'hauntings' ran as follows :—'I have made many attempts to communicate with those who yet live ; in none of them had I ever succeeded. Still I persevere, though I have done no wrong which 1 can ever atone for now, though I have no secret to reveal, no message to deliver,no tidings to bring of the state of the happy, or of the accursed dead, my existence seems an accident, or an exception, though not, unluckily, a very rare one. But is it strange if at times it becomes intolerable to feel that no one regards or even suspects the state in which I existed so long l or if I yearn for the human sympathy without which no sufferings are endurable V " 