Life at the World's End. Tipunun Aii-ni«t « Verily, /Bolus, as I once surmised before, has established his head-quarters out here ; and in yonder gorge of the range of hills which lie to the west of me, exist the aula, 01 spdimca ventorum 01 that monarch. 1 am not likely very soon to forget the night of August 14, 1885\. Such a night I have never before ex perienced, and I hope never to experience again. It has really made me quite ill. ' Life in the Old Tin Pot,' would be a more ac curate heading than the one I have adopted, on this occasion, at all events. The fierce winds rushed down the livelong day and night upon my poluphloisboic, but frail abode, with the full force of the gigantic ghosts of a myriad of extinct kangaroos.* They came down upon me with remorseless speed and pressure, and — 'Hie Buna Creek that lately seemed all pastime and all play, When it is angry, roars aload, like lions for their prey!' if the shade of the late Dr. Wordsworth will pardon the liberty I have taken. It was, to me, a fearful night, likely to be engraved as deeply upon the tablets of my memory, as the word ' Calais' was surmised to have been on the heart of a renowned British Queen. I do not write this lightly, by any means. I have been in two fierce cyclones in the Indian Ocean, one memorable typhoon, and one tornado in Illinois, which sent respectable trees hurtling through the air, like mere straws and sticks. I have been carried* away on an ice floe in a hurricane, on a dark winter's night, with the thermometer far below zero, my only companions being Nox, Erebus and Terror ! I have been on a large ship, when bowsprit, foremast, main and mizen topmast, bulwarks, boats, sailors' 'houses' and co?k's galley went in one terrific, prolonged crash, not far from the famed temple of Inygesmant. I have sat and dreamed, on the very point of the once-famed Table Rock,J at Niagara, and viewed the hell of waters below. I have stood beneath the equally-famed 'Terrapin Tower,' over the fearful Maelstiom-like 'rapids,' seething and boiling beneath and around me, near the great ' Horse-Shoe,' and gazed into the awful ' Bend ;' and I have been under the great Falls, in 'The Cave of the Winds,' breathing with great difficulty in the awful blast, when one false step would have sent me in search of the ill-fated ' Sam Patch,' who made his last leap there, somewhere ' in the thirties,' with many other sceaes, without alarm. But it was at Lapford, on the World's End Creek, that I was destined to experience the wildest wind-force alarm of all ; and for this, there was, of course, a reason. In the situations which I have just enumerated, there was an element of grand sublimity that awed my soul into reverence and adoration, subduiag every emotion like fear, and elevating and strengthening my faith — not in the earth, but beyond it ! But last night was fierce and — vulgar ! — for though I have experienced and feel fcr poverty and other ' crimes,' vulgarity I cannot tolerate in any shape ; and last night's vulgar atmospheric uproar simply made me sick. It was void of a partiele of sublimity, and had it not been for the ludicrous elements which pervaded it, and sustained me, I should have gone to bed (which I never do in the day time), turned my face to the (iron) wall, and groaned out, I verily believe, in very agony of spirit — ' If thou hast any love of mercy in dice, Torn me upon my face, that I may die 1' But, to be wrecked in a vile ' tin-pot !' To be hurtled heels-over-head in a miserable, rectangular parallelopipedon compound of sheets of galvanized iron ! To see dearly beloved books and papers — even now only a remnant of a great former disorder — perform- ing wild war-dances and agile antics through the ' scrub' and ' tussocks,' and myself, semi-nude, 'skedaddling,' after them, is a fate too horrible to contemplate ; but, happily, I escaped that much dreaded but fully ex pected catastrophe. Still, the night was wild enough, in all conscience. It was on exactly such a night that, that poor Cowper, the gentle, the nervous, the sensitive, contemplated and tried to carry out sal I.!-: ? ; .-.ad it was on exactly such a night and 01 j_ch a sad prompting that he wrote these immortal lines : — ' God moves in a mysterious way, His wonders to perform ; He plants his footsteps on the sea, And rides upon die storm !' It is even howling, around me still, and this rattling tin-pot of mine is quivering, and crack ing, and hissing, as if in the throes of an earth quake. I tried to devise some solace in thought, as I lay in bed the livelong night, listening to its vulgar groans and 'squeaks.' AH the rhymes in the Laureate Southey's description of ' How the waters come down at Lodore?' passed through my head as applic able ; and at one time, I was repeating to myself these magnificent lines of a but little known and most unjustly neglected poet — a real poet, rejoicing in the rare name of William Smith — and which occur in his 'Life Dramas :' ' ? it stills tumultuous thoughts within, To watch the uproar of these elements ; The rushing wind, and the loud, hissing rain, And lightning, pale, that scnrailswith hurtzed hand. Huge Hieroglyphics on the screen of night, Baulking die dazzled vision of the seer, Who Jain would read that ?writing: on the vnallV In the very middle of this sublime reflection, two very small, but gleaming lights, attracted and fixed my gaze. I took them, at first, to be the conjunction of Jupiter -and Venus, which I had been of late observing in the western sky ; but as I lay on my back in the dark with the tip cf my cose pointing exactly E.N.E., that could scarcely be, except through the the agency of some modern Joshua, endowed with enlarged powers. Whilst I was thus pon dering, with puzzled eyes and brain, the two planets — or whatever they were, went through a rapid series of ' phases' and colours, red, green, intense streaks of white and yellow being predominant, the elongations or phases being sometimes vertical and at others horizon tal. Then, all of a sudden, die fearful thought * From the fragment of a Kangaroo's bone, found at a depth of seventy feet, an Australian naturalist calculated that those animals 'formerly attained sl length of thirty feet! t It fell with a terrific crash, into the abyss some years ago. ' rushed through my brain, that I was a frightful transformation ; that I must either be Count Robert de Paris, shut up in a deep, dark, dud geon, with that terrible tiger chained within three feet of me ! or else an animal of that species must have escaped from some menagerie and found shelter by some means, in my rickety ' tin-pot,' for I had heard a loud crash a short time before. In horrid desperation, (and same trepidation) I struck a match, and as I did so, I just caught sight of — what do you think ? Why, Messieurs, your worships and your reverences, it was the 'fag-end' of a vile tom cat-vanishing, like the tail of Donatis' comet-a huge, whiley-brown fellow, and my previous mortal enemy, who had made his entree through the cellar, unannounced, ia order to pay a visit of condolence, no doubt, to a lady cat of mine, who has recently (August 5) successfully performed a very respectable sum in addition and multiplication, and was now lying comfortably on a bay in an empty box. Shades of Copernicus, Kepler. Tycho Brahe, Galileo and the Hon. Henry Cavendish ! — only imagine me, an unfortunate compounder of mineral mushrooms, mistaking the eyes of a viie tomcat for a conjunction of Jupiter and Venus ! I will not dwell longer on the events of this disgusting night, save io say that I ross this morning unrefreshed, and I am at this moment suffering from a violent sick headache, to which I am by no means subject. I there fore pass on at last, to the results of my archaeological discovery, which I promised you months ago ; leaving the wind to howl itself hoarse, and the rain — aye, there's the rain again ! It was six months ago, and I had not been located in my present abode two hours, when a object, and a very natural object too, acted the part of the policemen, and ' arrested' my attention. This was, and still is, an ancient gum-tree, not exactly gigantic in pro portions, but of goodly size, what remains of it ; for it is a hollow tree, uncouth in shape, a fresh growth having arisen on it since the fire — whenever they tnay have been — what which growth is stunted, thin and scraggy, like a Chinamans' beard, with his chin turned upside down. Downside up, I think, would be more correct, but no matter. The traveller from the Burra may easily see it plainly from his carriage, as he approaches and turns off towards the ford in the creek. It stands on an alluvial deposit, in a sort of Delta, or elbow, and on the whole it is rather a singular looking old tree, in a singular spot, lonely and desolate, as though it had been a vegetable Jonah or Judas, guilty of some fearful crime, which only gum-trees can commit. At all events, it is plain to be seen that it has been disowned and even ostracised by its stately companions. I have just been to the'door to look at it ere I write more, for it is within view of the back and hall doors alike, of my palatial mansion. But first of all, I may inform you that I posess an Echo here for a neighbour — that very same unfortunate Miss Echo, daughter of the late Mr. JEx and the equally late Mrs. Tellus, who offended Jupiter and roused the anger and jealousy of the cruel Juno, who inflicted upon that young lady (she's an ' ole gal' now) the direst punishment any sensitive young lady could experience, namely, the loss of power of speech saving to answer speeches already made by others. How very provoking, to be sure ! I often converse with this yoang lady (or ' ole gal,' according to taste) and I can assure you, in confidence, she plays the flute — actually, on my flute ! You should hear her among the rocks, down by the creel:. So you see I am not so utterly alone, after all, for she's a dear little duck and drake and darling goosie-poosie of a Miss Echo, and she — well, all I can say is that 'A little nonsence, now and then, Is relished by the wisest men !' Well sir, or Messieurs, it was in January last, that I rose early one morning, and strolled over leisurely towards this singular gum-tree, wondering what terrible crime it had been guilty of, to the other trees. 'The morn was up, the bright and dewy morn With breath all incense, and with cheek all bloom,' only the 'dew' happened to be dust/ the ' incence' that of Sodom and Gommorrha (there being a sulphureous, sickly, hot wind) and the ' bloom' was that of scorched, withered, yellow grass, except the sky — well, never mind the sky, you say. I did not go straight, as the crow flies, to the tree, but zig zag, on starboard and larboard tacks, as though I were about to make a prismatic or trigono metrical survey. ' Why did I do so ?' How should I know ? It does not afiect my story. Don't interrupt me. Perhaps it was instinct, or, as our learned boatswain used to call it, 'ink-stink.'' Reaching the gum-tree, I stood in the burnt out hollow, which is very cap acious ; and, partly from a spirit of fun — partly hoping Miss Echo might be about, I put my head in, and bellowed out in stentorian ac cents — as loud as I could shout, in fact — 'Hul-/-?A/' — (prolonging the oooh) 'Ship ahoy ! — Any one at home ?' To my great astonishment, there wias an Echo ; for no sooner had I concluded my hail, than there came a reply, short, sharp, and dis tinctly syllabelled, of — ' Whats ? that to you ?— Eh?' I was fairly staggered, for the tones were decidily masculine, as indeed, they ought to have been in any case. In fact, I was as much, or more staggered than the great Latin student described by the learned Erasmus, who, on re peating these words — 'Decent annos con-, sumpsi in legends Cicerotie'\ — was answered by a genuine Echo, in Greek, — ' one,'' which signifies, ' ass !'. I am not sure but that I jumped a full yard from the ground, in my surprise ; for this, though a very extraordinary echo indeed, was not my Echo. At all events, my hat came off, somehow. Recovering from my confusion, I peeped behind the tree, and there, seated on the ground, carving a knuckle of ham on a huge hunk of bread, was a man in a dirty shirt, and a still dirtier pair of mole skins. He received me with a broad grin, ex tending from ear to ear, and cutting off a slice of the ham, at the same time. ' You see there is some one at home, eh, mate ? Who was you a callin' to ?' I explained myself partly to him, and he rose up, stretching himself. A team of horses and a waggon stood further off near the road, the former feeding. 'Well, mate,' he said, I must get a drink from the creek, yoke up an' be off. That ere water has a queer taste, do you use it ?' ' Yes,' I replied. ' But I don't notice the taste now. Where are you bound for, may I ask.' ' Oh !' he answered, ' I'm goin' north, a bit, to the tune of eight hundred miles, or therabouts.' I thought this was a very remarkable -'tune' indeed, and was pondering thereon, thinking it certainly the largest ' tune' I have ever hoard of, when he wished me good morning, ani I was soon again alone. I went round the tree, which had become a sort of ' pollard' gum. Looking up, I saw a sort of ledge, which had escaped the fire, though it must have been subjected to great heat, and thus looking, I nibbed my eyes, and looked again ; for there just above,. resting in a slight depres sion, weather-beaten and much of the same colour as the tree ilself, was a curious looking lump, apparently bound with two bands, just like a minature bale of wool ! It was about a foot long, six inches wide,' and nine inches deep. You may be sure I was not a little startled ; so making sure that I was not mis taken that it was something of a substance for eign to the tree itself, though of the same dull colour, I hastened back to the 'tin-pot,' pro cured the longest pole I could, from the ruins of an old stable, returned, placed it against the pollard, and, with some difficulty ' shinned' up it — much in the same manner that a seaman would ' shin np' a main-t' gallant backstay ; t 'I have spent ten years in reading Cicero.' till, after much straining, and redness of face, my band rested oa the object, which, with a ' wrench,' I detached from its evidently very long occupied position ; at the same moment, both the parcel and myself coming to the ground by a rather shorter road than I had in tended. In fact, I fell sprawling, and sprained my wrist a little. I eagerly examined my newly-found treasure, which turned out to be a veritable little bale or packet of something, bound with two thick cords, which crumbled into ashes when I touched them. How it had escaped the fire, I could not tell, for something seemed to tell me that it had been placed in its snug position before the fire, which might have been ten, twenty, thirty, or even fifty years ago ! This fortunately happened on a Saturday, which gave me a day's full leisure. So I hugged it lovingly to my breast, and took it home. (You may see the mark of its long place still). Upon my word and honour, sir, my heart beat more rapidly than usual ! It was bound like a mummy, in several layers of cloth — white calico, I think, the external portions of which crumbled away from my fingers like ashes ! — but it was not ashes. It was the result of atmospheric influences and decay. The inner layers were a little, and but a very little firmer. Most carefully did I proceed, and as I did so, an idea took possession of me, that it must have been steeped in a chemical solution, like that reccommended for ladies' muslin dresses to render them inflamable. Alum, perhaps. At last my patience, my trembling eagerness, my quick heart-beats were rewarded ! The little bale before me. was a bundle of closely written manuscripts ! In a large, bold, but alas ! faded hand, after removing a darker substance, which had evidently been once brown paper, I distinctly traced these words : — L vox L. Big - Big. Nov. 19th. A.D., 1912. The year of grace, nineteen hundred and twelve! Could it be possible ? Here was, in deed, a treasure ! ******* But oh ! what weeks and weeks of patient handling, and gumming, and posting, they took. The paper was so rotten, that it broke off at first, in little bits, which, had it been the body of the written matter, would have very seriously interfered with this presentation to the public, through the columns of the Record. After much reflection I concluded that the best method would be to steep the mass in water, and separate the pages, sheet by sheet most laboriously, with the aid of an old Indian ivory paper knife, given to me by a lady as an heirloom. How rejoiced she would have been to know what an interesting work of usefulness it would perform % but alas ! she is dead. There were five distinct subjects, tied separ ately, laid separately, and labelled separately ; but at present, I can only present one — the very first. I will deal with the others in due time. When you come to reflect upon the great labour of separating sheet from sheet, and then of transcribing the contents in my own hand, word for word, you will, I am sure, give me credit, and perhaps, a little praise. I am now ready at once to produce them. The one before me consists of a series of letters, commenced it appears, in the year 1910, descriptive of social, and domestic life in the Burra at that somewhat remote period. Some of these letters were so completely worm eaten, mildewed, moth-eaten and decayed, that I could not separate these successfully at all, even with the aid of a paper- knife. And there are blurs and blotches in the original, which I have dealt with as skilfully as I could in my copy. Some of the incidents described, especially in the period dating back as far as 18S5 and 1887, are very startling, and all are remarkable. I intend to present the first page of the original manuscript, in its restored state, to the Burra Institute. I will lithograph a fac simile of the same, with my own hand, in the course of time, for the Record % and the mutilated portions which I failed, with all my efforts to restore or copy, I will present, in its pulpy state, to the Adelaide Museum, in a covered glass urn — if the trustees of that splendid institution will pay for and forward to me the urn ; and,- it is quite possible that I may also execute a lighograph of ' The Old Gum Tree' at World's End, for the benefit and delectation of your many readers. It is Saturday night. The horrid wind has ceased, and only just ceased — but for how long ? It is 9 o'clock, p.m. My sickness and headache are better. I have heaped some roots of sandal-wood, of which I am very fond, on the fire, and there is a brilliant blaze, with some warmth, at least, in this old galvanized parallelopipedon. I have placed pussy with her interesting — ahem ! — with the results of her late obtruse multiplication sum, close to the fire ; the kettle kings sweetly on the hob ; the candles are trimmed, and my humble hearth has been swept clean — for alas ! I have no hearth rug 1 So I take my seat, and proceed to write out and lay before you in a fresh copy, which you shall have in my next letter, of the social chronicles of 'Cfc (Sttg of Si0-f%' Nothing exasperates a woman who kas been shading her eyes from the gaslight with her hand all the evening so much as to find that after all she had left her best diamond ring on the washstand. Holloway's Ointment and Pills. — Shortness of Breath, Wheezing, Coughs, and Colds. — Thousands of testimonials can be produced to prove the power possessed by the corrective remedies in cases of asthma, incipient consumption, and all disorders of the chest, lungs, and air passages. The Ointment, well rubbed upon the chest and back, penetrates the pores of the skin, is absorbed and carried directly to the lungs, where, in immediate contact with the whole mass of circulating blood, neutralises or expels those impuritic.. wbich are the foundation of consumption, asthma, bronchitis, pneumonia, and similar complaints. On the appearance of the first threatening symptoms the back and chest of the patien should be fomented with warm brine, dried with a course cloth, and Holloway's Ointment then well rubbed in. Its absorption will check and subdue. Bemembei This. If you are sick Hop Bitters will surely aid Nature in making you well when all else fails. If you are costive or dyspeptic, or are suffer ing from any other of the numerous diseases of die stomach or bowels, it is your own fault if you remain ill, for Hop Bitters is a sovereign remedy in all such complaints. If you are wasting away with any form of Kidney disease, stop tempting Death this moment, and turn for a cure to Hop Bitters. If you are nervous use of Hop Bitters. If you are a frequenter, or a resident of a miasmatic district, barricade your system against the scourge of all countries — malarial, epidemic, bilious, and intermittent fevers — by the use of American Co's Hop Bitters. If you have rough, pimply, or sallow skin, bad breath, pains and aches, and feel miserable generally, Hop Bitters will give you fair skin, rich blood, and sweetest breath, and health. That poor, liedridden, invalid wife, sister, mother, or daughter, can be made the picture of health, by American Hop bitters, costing but a trifle. Will you let them suffer ? In short they cure all Diseases of the stomach, Bowels, Blood, Liver, Nerves, Kidneys, Blight's Disease. ,£500 will be paid for a case they will not cure or help. Druggists and Chemists keep. None genuine without a bunch of green Hops on white label and Dr. Soule's name blown in bottle. Shun all others as vile, poi sonons stufi. 