A TALE OF A TAILOR. A EHYME FOB BOYS. 'Twas Christmas Eve, and to the " Golden Crown" Had many a village crony wandered down, Alleging, aB an aU-suificient reaBon, To give his friends "the wiBhes of the j season 1" So for this merry purpose, fast and free Flowed whisky, beer, gin, rum, and eau-de vie ; (Or, as to him the English came more handy, i The landlord called the latter "fine old brandy!") While, ever on the move, the swinging door Opened and shut to usher in one more. Then some sang songs, and in that jovial round. Good listeners, if not able critios, found: And " Brayvo, John 1" " Well sung, Tom!" was the cry That echoed from each side most lustily. Some told old jokeB, at'which the jolly shout That all those lusty country lungs threw out Jingled the glasses, and the table shook. While every ham hung quiv'ring on its hook, And herbal bouquets, pendent from each rafter, Danced up and down as if with secret laughter. As the hours passed and older grew the night Came taleB of ghost and goblin, elf and sprite, Puck, pixie, gnome, witch, wizard, and the rest, Which, bad each auditor the fact confessed, Sent a cold shiver down the backs of all And made them start at Bhado ws on the wall; While every man, as if by one desire, Drew his chair closer to the roaring lire. Nathaniel Brown, the little village tailor, At superstition was an active railer. "I'll bet live bob to nothing," cried this scoffer, " I think you'll all agree that's a fair offer Not one now present ever saw a ghost!" Then every one, both customers and host. With one accord, immediately replied, That though they never bad, they testified To some relation—father, nncle, mother, Grandmother, aunt, a sister or a brother, A great-grandfather, or a distant cousin— Who'd seen a ghost—and some of them a dozen! Perhaps thiB evidence was all too strong, For Nat was trembling like a leaf ere long, _ As the clock's hands moved on more timid grew And o'er his shoulder sidelong glances threw, While all the rest, with nod and wink aside, Did both his brag and want of pluck deride— For 'twas well known, whenever danger lowered Nathaniel fled ! (He was an awful coward !) As night drew on the guests began to go, And poor Nathaniel, with a Borry show Of cool indifference, asked, looking round, If any of his friends were his way bound. It seemed none were, but, waiting till the last, Nat to each hope of company clung fast. He chatted with the host till all were gone, Then, inly quaking, sallied forth alone. Alone! And when behind him clanged the | door He'd never felt so much alone before; And here I'll whisper, Nat, as I opine, Was somewhat 'neatb the influence of wine, By which, instead of courage or decision, He'd only gained obliquity of vision! To raise his Bpirits he began to sing, But in his ears thoBe horrid tales would ring To his distraction—while, behind his back, Goblins and ghoBts seemed following in a pack! Faster and faster o'er the glistening snow He caused his trembling bandy legs to go, Till all at once he stopped in mid-career, Frozen as hard as stone by very fear— For in his path so dire a spectre stood As curdled all the little tailor's blood! His hair, which Btood on end with fear and dread. Lifted his hat two inches from his head ! His very eyebrows stiffened, and his eyes Grew at least twenty times their natural size! In truth, it was a very awful sight! There stood a ghastly figure claa in white, With coal-black eyes, and nose of bright-red hue, And a great mouth quite big enough for two. Gigantic form, extended arm, and hand Outstretched, as if in action of command ! What wonder when Nat Brown this vision saw He just gave vent to one loud cry, " Oh, law! The Ghost! The Ghost 1" when all whizzed round and round, And Nat fell fainting on the snowy ground ! How long he lay Nathaniel never knew, While the cold winds of winter o'er him blew, But he was roused by hearing some one cry, " Come, now, get up! This is no place to lie! Just pull yourself together, my good man, And trot off home as quickly as you can! What! Ycu, Nat Brown ? Whatever brings you here?" And Nat, still trembling, told his cause of fear. "The Ghost! Ah, there, behind you!" " Why, you flat! Is that the dreadful thing you're frightened at} The boys set up a fine snow-man to-day, And left it standing when they went away. That's ail!" 'Twas true enough! In calm repose The snow-man stood, a carrot for hie nose (Which thus possessed a colour warmly red), A bunch of holly sticking in his head. Two coals for eyes, a piece of broken brick Made that great mouth, with lips so wide and thick, A piece of wood served for the outs etched arm, And here was all the cause of Nat's alarm! Now, boys! To find the moral ere we part— "The loudest boaster bears the faintest heart." Lindsay Duncan. | 