THE MINISTERIAL. PARTY IK THE , : SOUTILE&ST.; [By our Snedal Ri»iwfcf-i-J A party of gentlemen consisting of the Hon. T. Playford (Commissioner of Public Works), the Hon. J. Coles (Commissioner of Crown Lands), Messrs. J. H. Howe, M.P., E. 'Ward. M.P., A. Handyside, M.P., J. Bagot, M.P., F. E. H. W. Kriehauff, &.P., J. W. Castine, M.P., J. Miller, M.P., G. W. Goyder (Surveyor- General), and ,he representatives of the daily press, left Ade laide by the ordinary train on Wednesday after noon, January 13, fora trip in the south-oast. Mr. A. Hardy, M.P., joined the party at Mt. Lofty, and Milang was reached at about half-past 8 o'clock on the same evening. It was rumored that a deputation was in waiting for the Ministers at Milang, but luckily this did not turn out to be the case, and an hour after the arrival of the train the party proceeded on board the steamer Dispatcli, which was to con vey them across the lakes to Meningie. The evening- was beautiful, and the lakes being calm the journey was very much enjoyed. It will be seen by a glance, at the names of the gentlemen who found themselves on board the steamer, that nothing likely to disturb the harmony of the proceedings was likely, to take place. Polities in the main were tabooed. -There were no allusions to the Thow cum Mais cum Patterson dispute. On that point Mr. Howe was resolutely silent. It is true that'there were occasional references tri the relative merits of Port Pirie arid Port Germein, and that the representatives of those two favored ports amused their fellow travellers by a discussion which could have but an unsatisfactory termination. Poetry was also made a matter of dispute, and thera was great argument over the question as to whether certain persons ' did and died' and 'did or died.' There was, however, no con vincing a man against his will, and accord ingly the disputants retired from the wordy contest each convinced that he was in the right. That most unpicturesque of all unpic turesque, townships, Menmgie was reached at some time between2 and 3 o'clock on Thursday morning, and an hour or so later the travellers who had managed to snatch some repose, began to bestir themselves, as there was a long day's journey ahead, and some of the Meningie re sidents were anxious to bring before the Mini sters one of their grievances. THE FIBSX DEPUTATION met in the open air, and was introduced by Mr. Hardy and Mr. Handyside, the members for the district of Albert. It seemed that the members of the deputation had been alarmed ' to hear that the land which they have been using as commonage was to betaken from them in consequence of a report that they had not complied with the conditions of their guarantee to keep the land free from vermin. They re presented to the Commissioner of Crown Lands that they had done all that was required of them, and the Commissioner having read a report from Mr. Bedford Hack, one of the officers of his department, which bore out the statements made by theresidents of Meningie in formed them, much to their satisfaction, that their commonage rights would be continued. He, however, urged them, both for their own sakes and the sake of the State to clear the polygnum trees, and this it was promised should be done. Mr. Ward was so unwell when he arrived at Meningie that he decided to return to town. He hopes, however, to rejoin the party at Mount Gambier on Wednesday. THE JOUBNEV. TO KINGSTON. At five minutes past 6 o'clock the party took their seats in the coach which nod been specially brought over from Adelaide, and pre pared for a drive of 93 miles through country which it was known was not of the most interesting description. The day was beautiful, the hot ravs of the sun beincr tempered bv a southerly wind, and it was therefore arranged that the top seats should not be monopolised by any one set, but should be changed at various stages, an arrangement that could not fail to give satisfaction. Passing through 12 miles of what was practically desert country the coach was not long before it drew up at McGrath's Flat, where Mr. McCallutn's host of tame laughing jackasses was sub jected to scrutiny, and some business was transacted. A little further on and rabbits began to be plentiful, and very often indeed little bunny, 'from the pathway, leapt aside,' and scurried out of sight as quickly as his legs could carry him. At the Fat Cattle Station the rabbits were reported to have committed great ravages, the grower reporting that they had destroyed GOO of his cabbages, and thinking a change of diet would prove agreeable had commenced an attack on his onion patch. The visitors had a look at the garden, and there were manifestations of Master Bunny's recent presence, thoughhis de predations appeared to them to have been rather over-stated. Who has travelled along the road to Kingston and not heard of Malachi Martin's ghost, which, troubled in another world, revisits the scenes of its earthly life? It did not fall to the lot of Parliamentarians to see the ghost, probably because it was many hours before the witching hour of night, when their ghostships are supposed to come to earth and do penance for past misdeeds, but they at all events saw the Tiouse where Malachi Martin lived, and the hill containing the wombat -hole where the body of his servant was placed after ne had murdered her. At Salt Creek a sub stantial dinner was partaken of, and . the journey was resumed. At Eantara there was a relic of the late political contest, which was shown with the great glee to Mr. Handyside. It consisted of a pen and ink cartoon in which a figure, half man and half woman, was represented as fleeing ' after his defeat in Albert. ' This libellous production was intended to represent Mr. Alderman Tomkinson. But the visitors were enjoined to Ipok on this picture and on this, the latter being a portrait of ' Honest Andy,' as his Kantora friends denominated Mr. Handyside. The portrait represented a gentleman with a considerably long Roman nose, and a class of features which made one glad that there was no possibility of meeting such a gentleman on a dark night in the bush. It is sufficient to say that Mr. Handyside did not regard the picture as flattering, and that therefore his companions did not hesitate to trust themselves in his company for the re mainder of the trip. There was general rejoicing when it was announced that the last change of horses had been made, and that in two hours Kingston would be reached, for it was getting rather cold and the inner man was besinniner to crave suste nance. At a quarter to D o'clock the coach pulled up at Saunders's Hotel, and supper having been discussed, the travellers wisely retired to bed. In the morning it was ar ranged that the two Commissioners should receive a deputation who had innumerable subjects to bring under their notice, and at 10 o'clock the deputation met at the hotel. THE EEQUIEEMENTS OF KINGSTON. Mr. Haedy mentioned that it had been in tended to interview the Commissioner of Crown Lands on the subject of the grant-in-aid to the council chamber. It was the custom for the Government to grant sites for council chamber purposes, and then to supplement the building 10s. in the pound. Kingston being a private township, the ratepayers had had to purchase a site for the council room, and the Govern ment had accordingly been asked to supple ment the work pound for pound, which, he was glad to say, the Government had con sented to do. (Applause.) Mr. R. E. Venn said he had been asked to address the Commissioner of Public Works on t.hfi snVripfit of the railwav tariff, and in enter ing on a discussion of the question he might state that 90* per cent, of the wheat coming to Kingston was Victorian grown. There had lately been a reduction in the railway tariff of Victoria, and he wished to show the Com missioner how this reduction affected South Australia. There was a large tract of country on the Victorian side which really commercially belonged to us, and on the statistics he would bring forward he wished it to be understood that he was pre suming that the railway which had now been constructed as far as Dimboola would be con tinued until it formed the South Australian line. The equi-distant geographical point between Geeloug and Kingston was the Vic torian town called Horsham. That town was 185 miles from Geelong and only 187 miles from Kingston. These were the distances by railway as far as the railways were constructed, and the presumed distance by railway when the works were completed. From Horsham to the South Australian border the distance was S1J miles. The Victorian railway carriage from Horsham to the South Australian border was 8s. 6d. per ton. From the South Aus tralian border to Kingston was a distance of 10G miles, aud the charge of carriage was 14s. Id., while there was a break-of-gaug-e of 8d., which made the cost of bringing a ton of wheat from Horsham to Kingston £1 3s. 3d. Now a ton of wheat could be taken from Hor shani to Geelong, 185 miles, for 16s. 6d., or a difference in favor of Geelong of 6s. 9d. per ton, equidistant points. It could even be taken to Melbourne, 227 miles from Horsham, for 17s. 9d., thus making a saving of 5s. 6d. per ton,' so that from an equidistant point our chances were getting very limited. From Dimboola,- the last station so far on the Vic torian line to the South Australian border, was a distance of 60J miles, and the Victorian charge for the carriage of a ton of wheat was 6s. 6d. The charge made for carriage from our border to Kingston was alto gether, as he had shown, 14s. 9d., thus making a total charge of £1 Is. 3d. for carry ing a ton of wheat from Dimboola tdJEingston. Frcm Dimboola to Geelong the distance was 206J miles, or 40 miles further, and yet a ton of wheat could be conveyed there for 17s: 3d., or 4s. cheaper than our rates for a much shorter distance. Wheat could even be taken to Melbourne from Dimboola, 250f miles, at 3s. 9d. per ton cheaper than it could be brought to Kingston. The next point irom which wheat came to Kingston was NhilL From .Nhill to the South Australian border tjbe distance was rightly speaking-38 miles, the- Victorian tariff for which was 4s. 6d. This wfyed to 14s. 9d. the_ charges made for carriage j to Kingston, | * ?made atotalof 19s. 3d. NcwvaUhough Kingston was -64 miles nearer toNhill than Was Gifeloog-,' - the iarriage charge ttpm ShiU-to the liStter ' place was 17s. Od. per ton, or Is. 9d. cheaper than our rates. But wheat could even be sent ' from Nhill to Melbourne, 273J miles, for I83. 3d. per ton, or Is. per ton cheaper, though' there was an increased distance to travel of 12!) miles. (The Commissioner of Public Works — 'The charge to Melbourne is 18s. 6d. Some of your figures are a little out.') He thought the difference would be found to b^ very trifling. '(The Commissioner of Public Work3 — 'You are pretty nearly right, but favor Victoria on the one hand, and you are a little against South Australia on the other.') He would take a most astonishing case. Kaniyju — on the Victorjag_sidr, wns -as-mHEg-ffomour Jxnxrer, the carrlaere for which distance was 3s. This added to our charge of 14s. 9d. made a total of 17s. 9d. to bring wheat from Kaniva to Kingston, a distance of 134 miles. The ? distance from Kaniva to Geelong was 243J miles, and the wheat was conveyed from one place to the other at only 17s. lOd. (The Commissioner of Public Works^' No; 18s.') Well, even taking it at 18s., there was only 2d. I difference, although the distance was double. ] He would now say a few words with regard to j the traffic itself. The Victorian Custom? returns showed that the quantity of wheat ? grown last year between Dimboola and the ! South Australian border was 271,000 bags, o£ j ?which 74,660 bags came to Custon and Wolseley. From Dimboola 156,764 baga were sent -by rail, and there were supposed to be an June 30 about 40,000 bags on the different farms. Thus it would be seen that the traffic which went by way of the Dimbpola railway was double that which came to King ston. These figures he knew were not very large, but it must be borne in mind that the country was new, that it was held in blocks of 320 acres, and held moreover by people of a poorer class than the farmers settled in South Australia. In one block of land between Dim boola and the South Australian border there were about 2,000 selectors, and when they got the whole of their farms under cultivation the increase in the quantity of the wheat yield would be very large indeed. On another block further south there were situated 3,000 selectors, and the produce of this country jpo graphicallj[ belonged to the South Australian lines of railway. He thought the figures he had quoted -would show the Commissioner of Public Works that the field was a large one, and that it was highly important we should secure what properly belonged to us. (Hear, hear.) Mr. C. Gell said the very existence of Kingston, commercially speaking, depended upon what action the Government took with regard to this question. It might be urged that any action the Government might take in the matter would also have to apply to all the other railways of the colony, but he thought in this case an exception mig-fit very properly be made, and the Government ought to treat the south-east as they had treated the river trade. He believed there was an agitation going on. in Victoria which would be pressed to a successful issue to get still lower rates of carriage specially where long distances had to be traversed, and wheat-growing was in such a condition in South Australia that the Government ought to do all that they could to encourage its production. He was afraid that the south-east would lose a lot of the Victorian trade this year owing to the price offered in Victoria being a little higher and to the rates of carriage being so much lower. He had received a telegram on the previous evening stating that one gentleman would send 20,000 bushels of his wheat to Dimboola unless our railway tariff was reduced. That was only one case of many. Mr. Venn said the gentleman in question had, in consequence of our bad land legislation of a few years back, been forced to leave South Australia for the sister colony, though his sympathies were with South Australia and his family bred here. Mr. James Cooke said the centre of the fertile district in Victoria which had been referred to by Mr. Venn was 235 miles from Geelong and only 100 miles from Kingston, and therefore the latter was the natural out let for the produce. He hoped the Govern-' merit would see their way clear to carry out a reduction of the rates for the carriage of wheat. Mr. Handyside had much pleasure in sup porting the request of the deputation. When the Bill providingf or the construction of the railway from Kingston _ to the Tatiara was passed the intention was to tap the Wimmera country. Since we had con structed this railway he thought our policy should be to so lower our rates as to in duce the produce of the Wimmera country to come to Kingston. Then, too, a jetty had been constructed at considerable expense, and unless the railway tariff were lowered both the lines of railway and the jetty would be left comparatively idle. There might be an objec tion to the farmers of the Tatiara district having their wheat conveyed at a lower price than it was in other parts of the colony, but he would point out that the Tatiara farmers had never asked for any concessions from the Government, while concessions had been allowed to the northern farmers. (Hear, hear.) This year and last year wheat had been produced in the Tatiara district at a loss, and he did not think that' it would be any concession to lower , the railway tariff, -when they considered the great concessions that had been made to the northern farmers. Mr. Gell said a matter intimately connected with the question of an alteration of the rail way tariff was that of the extension of the Kingston jetty. This unfortunate jetty had been a source of grief to everybody connected with it. The effect of the immense expendi ture which had already taken place unon it was that they had now only 10 feet 6 inches of water at dead low level on a jetty three quarters of a mile long. This showed that the depth was not sufficient even for the small steamers now trading with the port. If King ston was to be made a port at all it was neces sary that the jetty, which was a railway jetty, should be lengthened as they wanted in time to get wool and wheat ships alongside. Re ferring to the Loan Transfer Act, which had been passed at a late period last session, he said he regretted to find that of £30,000, the balance of the money borrowed for the construction of the railway from Kingston, but £2,000 had been reyoted for shed accommodation, while the remainder was to be devoted to other objects. Had he known the intentions of the Government in the matter sooner he would have taken action to oppose it, as the railway was by. no means sufficiently equipped. What the deputation, however, now asked was that the jetty might be lengthened from 800 to 1,000 feet in a west-south-west direction, as thereby vessels would be able to be alongside to windward. Seeing the injustice which had been done to the port by means of the Loan Transfer Act, he thought the residents were fairly entitled to this consideration, though he very much ques tioned whether it would not be more economical to pull the jetty up and erect a fresh one. Mr. Habdt mentioned that he had opposed the proposal to revote the £30,000 spoken of for other than the purposes of the Kingston railway. The Commissioner of Public Works, in reply, said they would agree with him that in considering the question of the railway tariff he had to bear in mindthe circumstances of the whole colony, and not those of any particular part of the colony. He admitted that when compared with the Victorian tariff our tariff for the carrias-e of asrricultural nroduce seemed exceptionally high, and the time no doubt would come — he trusted it would be shortly — when an alteration in the direction of reducing our tariff would have to be made. (Hear, hear.) He was happy to be able to inform them that during the last half-year the receipts from railways amounted to £50,000 more than during the previous half-year, and the Government expected that the receipts for the financial year would be more than £100,000 in excess of those of any previous year. During the half-year the rail ways.had paid 2'77 per cent, on the borrowed capital, for which we paid 4 per cent., and it was expected that in the year they would pay quite -4 per cent. (Hear, hear,) The longer our lines became the less became the expenses of management, there being a considerably increased traffic, which could be worked at a considerably decreased cost. Therefore he hoped by next year at all events he would be able to introduce a lower tariff for the carriage of agricultural produce, not merely with re gard to the Kingston railway, but with regard to all our railways. (Hear, hear.) He would admit that there were exceptional circuui- j stances in connection with the Kingston rail- J ?way, but he thought they would see that if ; we were to enter into competition with Vic toria in the matter of rates of carriag-e, and ?, make any reduction, Victoria would follow suit, j and the question was whether we as a poorer ; colony would be able to stand the strain so well as our richer neighbor. He trusted that when . he went to Melbourne and saw the Victorian Minister of Railways, to come to some under standing with him on this question, which would prevent us running into what he might term a cut-throat ' policy, that was in reducing our tariff to so absurdly low a price as to necessitate : the imposition of additional taxation on the ! general community to make up the deficiency. | He did not want to do anything of the sort. ; Whatever reductions we might make Victoria ' would make greater, and he thought an under- j standing might be arrived at to the effect that : Victoria was not to offer special inducements ' to get the traffic from a particular part of the '. colony to her seaports, while we would offer | no special inducements, nor compete with her \ unfairly, though by a fair reduction in our rates i for the carriage of agricultural produce we ' would be able to get a fair share of the trade of that part of victoria' which undoubtedly geographically belonged to us. At the same time we already made alterations in favor of longer distances, and if a comparison was made with Port Adelaide as well as with Geelong Mr. Venn would have found that the rates were in favor of the Port Adelaide line, even taking our own tariff. With reference to the second -question- brought before tim. he might _ point out that the Loan Transfer Act of last' ' session waAndneyp thing, as it h&d;^been inti*o- . duocd into Parliament during the ' previous session, and then contained the same provision as to the disposal of the balance of the money borrowed for the Kingston railway. -Mr. Hardy did all he could to get the Government to reconsider the position, but wae not successful. His officers told him tliat after providing for the sheds which had been spoken of they had made provision for all the requirements of this line of railway, and he believed the work of putting up the sheds would soon be in progress. If the traffic on the lino increased he had no doubt that who pyoy.niq.hr )tt in pnwnm. Tnniljj provide any ad ditional accommodation that might be foumTt') be necessary. He was sorry the jetty had been built in the style that had been adopted. He believed like many other jetties it had baen erected in the wrung place. It was evideut that a depth of 10 feet '6 inches was not suffi cient for the ordinary- coasting- steamers, and he would call for a report to see whether by in creasing the length of the jetty they could pro vide the necessary accommodation. ... He would inform their members of the result. (Hear; hear.) 1 Mr. Venn then urged on the Government the necessity of taking immediate action to bring about a settlement of the boundary ques tion, and said he considered it a disgrace both to South Australia and Victoria that the pre- ? sent state of things should be allowed to exist. ; The matter might be as well settled now as ten \ years hence. ' \ Mr. A.G. Abbott asked that action might be taken to enable tradesmen in the south-east to deal with absconding debtors. Victorian ; tradesmen could recover the amounts of debts in South Australian courts, but South Austra lian tradesmen could not be similarly treated in Victorian courts. Mr. E. Goode having briefly spoken, Mr. Habdt said there had been no indisposi tion on the part of the Government to settle this matter, but a mutual understanding must ! be arrived at by the two colonies. j Mr. J. Bagox, M.P., said he was infonnsd that Victorian creditors could recover debts in our courts, and therefore it was not a mutual ; understanding that was wanted, but we re- i quired from Victoria the same concessions as our laws granted. He might mention that he had seen the Attorney-General on the question, and that gentlemen was now in com munication with the Victorian' Government. L Mr. Habdt believed that' if an appeal were made against the judgment of our courts' in the case of Victorian creditors suing an ab sconding debtor the judgment would not stand. Mr. Cooke protested against the delay in settling the boundary question. Air. Goode said in the winter time a large extent of country around Kingston was under water. At the back of Kingston there was an extensive swamp, which in winter was a mile wide and several feet deep. At least one-half or two-thirds of their commonage was in winter under water, and not only was this the case, but the water backed up the water on Bowaka and Conmurra. The work was too large for the district council to undertake, and the council would not be recouped the expense. He asked that the present opening through Maria Creek might be widened, and that three or four miles down a gap should be made through which the waters might flow. . Mr. Venn pointed out that this was a ques tion of far more than local importance, as if the work asked for were carried out country far beyond the limits of the district council would be improved. The water in the 'winter time considerably damaged Government build ings in the township, and threatened the rail way embankment. Mr. Handtside said the heavy flow of water that came down here was not local water. It was backed up by the Reedy Creek and came down from Biscuit Flat, . and the only way to meet the difficulty was to con tinue the drains to Tilley's Swamp. Mr. Abbott asked when the certificates for the destruction of vermin would be honored ? The Commissioner of Crown Lands, in reply, said the matter of the settlement of the boundary question had often been brought before Ministers of the Crown, and he was afraid that it would not be brought forward for the last time that day. On his return to Ade laide the Chief Secretary intended to visit New Zealand, and would on his way interview Mr. Service, the Premier of Victoria, with regard to the boundary question. He hopsd that as a result of the interview some steps might be taken which could be regarded as a commencement of the settlement of the diffi culty. Astothematterofabscondingdebtors, he was quite aware that the people inthesouth-east had suffered severely owing to persons leaving the colony without paying their debts, and when the Chief Secretary was in Melbourne this matter would be discussed, and he trusted that some satisfactory arrangement would be come to. An immense sum of money had teen expended on drainage works in the south-east, and he was not prepared to say that the Government would ever derive a proportionate benefit for the amount of money so expended. They had to some extent, if not altogether, made up their minds to put a stop to drainage operations down there — (a voice — 'I hope not') — that as soon as the £30,000, the balance of the £80,000 voted by Parliament, had been expended they should cease the expenditure in connection with the drainage works. However, he perfectly agreed with Mr. Handyside that it was not local water that flooded the suburban lands to Kingston. It was water that came from other parts of the country eighty miles off, and in order to drain not only the suburban hinds, but the intermediate country as well, an expenditure of something like £100,000 would be necessitated. He was sure they would not expect him then to promise that such an ex penditure would be carried out, but he would nave a careful enquiry made into the whole matter, and obtain a report from his officers, the result of which he would communicate to the people of Kingston. As to the payment for scalps a difficulty had arisen in connection with the Vermin Act of last- year with reference to the time when payments tor scalps by the Government ceased, but he was advised by the law officers of the Crown that although the Government had no legal respon sibility for the payment it would be better to pay for scalps obtained between the time when the assent was given to the Act and the time of the appointment of the vermin boards. This, therefore, would be done except in the case of vermin destroyed on leased lands where there was a condition in the lease that the vermin were to be destroyed. Scalps after that time would be paid for by the vermin boards. Some of the district councils erroneously imagined that the Act of hist year was a consolidating measure, but it was only an amending Act, and had to be read in con junction with the Rabbit Destruction Act and the foimer Vermin Act ; and in order to make this clear he had had circulars setting this out printed for distribution to corporations and district councils. Municipal bodies had not the power to levy rates for the destruction of vermin ; that was a power confined to the vermin boards. He confidently appealed to the local authori ties to assist the Government in meeting what had been and still was a great difficulty. He could not allow to pass without comment some remarks made by Mr. Venn with regard to our land laws. Of course Mr. Venn had re ferred to the land laws of some time ago, and the lawsof to-day werea very great improvement on them. (Mr. Venn — ' Hear, hear.') As to the gentleman mentioned in the telegram which had been read, if the land laws had done nothing else than to cause the gentleman to leave the colony they had done some good. He said this with all 'respect. The gentleman and his family were all large landholders. They held a large estate principally run over by stock, and the effect of the land legisla tion of the time was to cause the land to be surveyed and sold, and now where there had been thousands of sheep running there were now hundreds of selectors to be found. Mr. D. E. Moller asked whether persons holding 1,000 acres of land were also able to take up leased lands ? The Commissioner of Crown Lands — Yes, of the second-class land they would be able to take up 3,000 acres, and if they lived within ten miles residence on the selection would be counted as residence on the leased land. Mr. Moller asked whether the Govern would dispense with the cultivation clauses ? The Commissioner of Crown Lands said they could not expect him or any other Com missioner to abolish the cultivation conditions, but each case would be considered on its merits. If it could be shown that a selector had his land under water for a considerable period of the year, and it would be an absurd waste of money to cultivate it, he would not hesitate to relax the cultivation conditions. This having concluded the business, cham pagne was introduced, and the toast of ' Health and Prosperity to Kingston' was honored. While the visitors were at Kingston a singular phenomenon was reported to them as fre quently appearing at various spots in the bay. It consists of the bubbling up from the seaweed of what appears to be oil, but whether it is oil has yet to be tested. The mere use of a piece of blotting paper would quickly set the question at rest, and it would surely be well to make the experiment. It is well known that opera tions were carried on seven miles from Salt Lake with a view of discovering petroleum, and if the substance seen in the bay is oil we may be on the eve of a most important dis covery. It may be mentioned that 130 tons of Victorian wheat arrived at Kingston, Lace pede Bay, Port Caroline or Maria Creek, as it is variously called, on Thursday. After the deputation several of the prominent towns- ?! people had dinner with the parliamentary party, and the visitors then left by special train for Lucindale. Leaving Kingston with its 600 inhabitants behind, the two Ministers and their friends journeyed by special train on Friday afternoon to the pretty little township of Lucindale. It is not so many years ago that settlement com menced in this portion of the South- East, and it is to be regretted' that the 6aHgH£a£#xp?et»- * tions raised aft that tiniejiave not beearfc^Uaeq.'. - -Hopes -were ?^ntertaineS ' that a .praspeVMte ' yeomanry would be established on tfaelaaa... There was no doubt that the land was goO& ;p*3 only thing necessary was to prevent an acpuma lation of water. Drainage operations were Mipro- . gress, and thus' the earliest settlers took up their land under what appeared to . be very favorable auspices. Unfortunately, however, : the water has been a terrible foe. Crote barer. been planted and have come on' well 'jfor_ft ?' portion of the year, but. the soaked soil hyt ? 1_ been too much, And consequently ia many cases the labors of the farnl9rs '''-?? have been spent La*ain. The tale told is truly a doleful one.' After leaving Kingston ona passes right on to the Biscuit Flats, covered with limestone shaped like biscuits. ? ? Qn the right hand lie the broad acres of Mr. Hu'tchin son, a sheepfarmer. All the way through this country it is noticeable that the limestona hills are formed in the shape of a crescent, tho horns of which invariably point towards tba sea. The vegetation on these hills consists of - '- - dwarfed eucalypti, altogether ctlfferent tq ttt9 eucalypti found in the northern parts of ~ftu&-t colony.. __ In the Bowaka district evidences of ' ^ volcanic action are to be seenr- Ip'the Arduna and Baker Ranges there are hills alternating with plains, each succeeding range being- higher than the other, until at length the tableland of Victoria is reached. The soakage on tb» ' : flats is attributed simply » .to the draia age from the Surrey River of Victoria, ~r through 'these porous hills and then getting- ? down by degrees to the flats. On arriving at Lucindale H, was found that the residents had. ? congregated -at the railway -station to welcome the Ministerial party. An adjournment- was made to the small council chamber, which was soon inconvently- crowded, and here certain matters were brought under the attention of the two Commissioners. LUCINDALE BEQUIREMEXTs! Mr. E. Hall (chairman of the local distrust council) mentioned that the first subject of dis- r cussion was the construction of a drain from ? Lucindale to Jacky 'White's swamp. Mr. E. Dutton said that some little time ago tenders were called for the cutting of a drain from tha railway-bridge to Lucindale for the full depth of the other drain and graduating off .so as to giveitafalL The residents were all under tha impression that this work would be carried oat, '. andmanyof them went to heavy expense incut ting drains through their own land to intercept ' - the proposed new drain. For some reason, how- .- - ever, the work had been abandoned, and it was felt that something ought to be done, as the country in winter tune was completely flooded, and prevented the farmers from cultivating their land with any possibility of success. It had been said that if the drain were. con- - structedfromtherailwaybridgethefopn.dation3- : of the bridge would be interfered with, but it might be cut on the north side of the line, and thus that difficulty would be avoided. In the summertime the cost of the work would bemuch cheaper, and he believed it could uo wbecarried out throughout at lOd. per yard. At first their crops grew splendidly, but in June, July, and. August the water came, down and rotted them. He had been in the district five years; and every year the crops bad been flooded.- Mr.'s ? W. Natt and Mr. Newman having spoken, ' ? . , the Commissioner of Crown Lands. said he th ought it would be well for him to be . candid - ? with; them with reference -to the drainage ;?? question, and doubtless they would thank him. for being so. -They would admit that when these lands were sold there was nj- - - ', agreement on the nart of the Government*© drain the lands. The selectors ' had taken the country up with their eyes open, and had undertaken all responsibility in' connection with it. He had been in communication with several of the members of the deputation r during the last few weeks, and if they could show him that they were suffering on account of the wet by the cultivation clauses being in- . sisted on he would only be too gladj not only as far as they were concerned, but. in other' cases as well, to relax the cultivation condi- . : tions. But if the Government were to do what the deputation asked, they would only be spending the Government funds for the purpose of benefiting a few individuals, and . the policy of the Government with regard to' drainage would be simply to expend the £30,000 balance of the vote of Parliament, and no more, in that part of the country until they saw the effect of the money now expended. The estimate of the cost of making the drain, from the railway bridge to Lu indale was .. £12,000, and he must plainly tell them that * the Government could not for one moment propose to expend such a sum, through pro bably when they knew the result of the present operations of drainage in the south east they might be able to do something in. that direction. Mr. J. Dunget — I should be happy to do the work for £5,000. Mr. E. Hamlin pointed out that many selections in the neighborhood had been abandoned on account of the floods, and if the drain were constructed these lands would also be bene fited. At present no one would take them, up although they had been surrendered. To relax the cultivation clauses would not .. answer their wants, as for many months in the . year the land was so much under water as to be almost valueless. If half the money re ferred to were expended and the drain made half the depth they would 'be satisfied. Mr. A. Handtsdde, M.P., alluding to tile remark that 'the people had selected the land with their eyes open, pointed out that the country was thrown open for selection by Mr. Play ford. That gentleman passed through the country with Mr. Goyder, and was so much, struck with it that he at once ordered 50,009 acres to be opened for selection. . He (Mr. Handyside) having travelled over the country for years, gave evidence before Mr. Playford at Penola. Two or three years before that tune - the springs had been falling, and the land had become dry, but before that the water had covered the country to an extent of from 25 to 30 miles, and to a depth of from, two to three feet. The people did not know that the water was artesian. It was not the fall of rain which caused the accumulation of water on the surface. The people thought that the drainage works at Millicent would * drain the country, and Mr. Goyder's report had been favorable to its selection. The Cou missioner of Public Works said he was undoubtedly answerable for throwing open the Baker's Range country, and he had instructed that a long narrow hundred running along the high part of the range should be offered. He contended that this country was well deserving of being thrown open, even without any drainage operations being carried on. The. land in the hundreds of Bray, Townsend, and . Ross, was offered in consequence of a petition signed by a vast majority of the people of the south-east, and only after repeated applica tions, and with the distinct statement by himself to the people who waited on him, and. to the people of the country through the press, that he did not believe their statements as to the hind, that there would be a cycle of wet seasons, and that they would bitterly repent its ever having been thrown open. The land was, however, offered, and the people with their eyes . . open had taken it up. The consequence was as he had expected, that the people coul d not get crops off their land. .Those of the selectors who had stuck to then- holdings could not expect the rest of the community to put their hands in their pockets and drain the land, and thereby increase its value to the holders.* He was only sorry that such a state of things as they had represented existed. He had expected that from 50 to 100 settlers would have been settled on the Baker's Range country, but the drain the deputation wanted would only drain '? a fewsectaonsoneitherside. Mr. Hamlin asked why the Government had called for tenders for the work and sunk trial holes if it was not in tended to proceed with it ? The Commissioner of Crown Lands said the selectors could apply to have the cultivation conditions relaxed' altogether, or they could surrender their hold ings and take a lease of them. Mr. Hall said as the land between Lucindale and Millicent ' was about to be placed in the market he would ask that it might not be offered until the winter time, when intending purchasers would be better able to tell the capabilities of the country. Mr. Dutton said they . were now using this land as commonage. If it were offered in March the northern farmers would not believe that it would be underwater in the winter, but would think that the state ment was made merely to keep them away. The Commissioner of Crown Lands said this request showed him how utterly impossible it was to please everybody. He had had. requeste from all parts of the district to put up this land, and it was the intention of the Govern ment to offer it not later than March L If people came there and chose to take up the land they did so at their own risk. Mr. Him. urged a reduction in the railway tariff for the carriage of agricultural produce. The Com missioner of Public Works said he could not promise that an alteration would be made this year, but he believed this year's operations would be sufficiently favorable to warrant him in afterwards making a reduction in the rates for the carriage of agricultural produce. He did not think the rates would be quite so low as those ruling in Victoria, because there there was a larger population to work upon. Rext year he would probably be able to make a re duction, (Hear, hear.) In answer to a re quest for a new station, the COMMISSIONER of Public Works said he could- not consider that matter until the traffic would justify it. - The matter of the dog tax was also brought forward, but the Commissioner of Crown Lands said that had been settled by Act of Parliament. Mr. Hamlin urged the desirableness of making a line of railway from Lucindale to Millicent. There -were some of the best lands the Crown had to dispose of between Millicent, Robe, and - Lucindale, and it would be well if the rail way ' he suggested were constructed to have a branch line to Robe. The line from Narracoorte to Mount Gambier went through private property, and there was, moreover, a good roadway, while a line from Lucindale to Millicent would pass through Crown Lands, and a road -would, have to be constructed. Mr. Dunoki having supported the request, the Commissionkb ot Public Works said Mr. Hamlyn had certainly initiated what might be called a bold and com prehensive policy, and if it were carried out tbeeGnth-east would be perfectiy intersected fey Wulways. He had looked into this question laeeaose it had been brought nniier his atten -taon by -residents of the district and by Mr. Hardy, and he had come to the conclusion that at present it was premature to think of coimti'ncting the line. He diii not te&eve; that it would pay. It would ?run through undeveloped country, and if it were true, as stated, that the Border Town line would not pay unless there were traffic from the yictonan side, how was it likely that another line between two railways would be likely to pay ? Theynmst wait to see to what use this at present undeveloped land was to be put, what population it would carry. and what produce it would [yield. The Mount tjambier and 2Jarraeoorte line was unanimously fevered by a meeting attended by representa tives cf various townships in .the south-east I«W. at Pcnola,' and it would.1 connect the largest population and the most fertile'part of the south-east with our railway system. The business of the deputation having been concluded tbe members of the Ministerial party asod 'several of the residents proceeded by the special to the railway bridge, there to view the Luge drain which 'has been constructed for a ?distance of sonic miteo. The first intention was to cut a drain through the sandhill at a cost of £300, but the work was continued at a cost of £9,000 to the bridge, and it is therefore not astonishing now that any propased extension ehouK be received by the authorities 'with the utmost caution. After a brief inspection a return was made to Lueindale, where the evening was spent. THE TSIP TO ROBE. During the evening rain fell heavily, and when at 6 o'clock' the travellers had left their feeds they found the weather prospects far from cheering. The sky was overcast, and a steady rain was falling, and nature ?wore a most cheerless appearance. The journey to Bobe had, however, to be accomplished. Official routine would brook of no delay, and therefore overcoats and umbrellas were brought into requisition, and breakfast having besn discussed four traps were 6peedily filled, and at 7 o'clock a start was made. One of the south-eastern members came out as a weather prophet. The rain could not last, he said, and at 10 o'clocthe ventured to predict that wet clothes would be drying under the benign influence of a friendly sun. Little as the prognostication was believed it nevertheless turned out to be true, and for the rest of the jonrney Mr. Krichanff will be probably con salted on all matters appertaining to the weather. At 'Croar Mr. Bagot and Mr. Miller, who had availed themselves of the hospitality of Mr. Mclnnis, of the Croar station, were picked up. The remainder of £he drive was all that could be desired. At GMap station the garden was inspected, and surprise was expressed by some of the travel lers at the excellent growth of the fruit tree3. Indeed, the members re'presentingthe northern districts of the colony had all along been ex pressing great admiration for the . country through which they passed. The words ' A glorious -country' were by no means uncom monly used, and the members for Albert were considerably elatedin consequence of the high praise bestowed. On the other hand, those who had seen the south-east under different circumstances shook their heads, and solemnly muttered ''Ah, but you ought to ees it. in winter time.' ? The shake of the held was ominous enough, and it is not too much to say that every one who saw it inwardly expressed thankfulness that it was not his lot to ses the south-east in winter time. There was in all around at least sufficient for the day. X-HBchcon was discussed in picnic fashion near the Gallap homestead. On resuming the journey the party in one trap were nearly losing a member of their mess. _ The gentle man in question was so much agitated by the sadden affection of the. trap for a cantan kerous stump that he left his seat for a moment and camped on the wheeL Finding the change, however, not altogether, convenient, be returned to-. hie old quarters with an alacrity that could not but command respact. Hie last few miles , of the trip were very en Soyable on account of the .picturesque scenery met with onfall hands. . The road was. closed en one side by a range of hills, and on the' ©ther by thick green bushes and briars, while ever and anon there could be seen below the placid bosom of some lovely lake, on which ] graceful swans and agile ducks were disporting themselves. Eight miles from the township a cavalcade consisting of ladies and gentlemen met the parliamentary party and escorted them to their hotel, where Mr. Hofcson (chair man of the Bobe District Council) briefly wel comed the visitors to Bobe. It is not too znuch to say that Bobe is one of the prettiest, if not the prettiest watering-place in the colony. It has a magnificent bay, stretching along for about five miles, its climate is salubrious, its people hospitable, and to sum up all, even at the risk of bathos, be it said that it has no mosquitoes. Years ago Robe was patronised fey the representative of -rice-royalty, and a HMJre desirable place in which to spend a few oaiet weeks in the summer could not be desired. Sport abounds, and there are within easy ' distance several charming spots which well repay an inspection. In Parliament Bobe has been sneeringly referred to as a deserted watering-place. It is, however, nothing of flie land, though perhaps its former grandeur may in some degree seem to have departed. Tlus is to a large extent due to the people themselves, who appear in the past to have been of a very retinng. disposition, and not inclined to do anything that savored of poli tical agitation. Thus while other ports nave prospered Robe has been comparatively speak ing at a standstill. The harbor is a good one, there is 16 feet of water almost with a stone's throw of the beach, wool is exported in fairly large quantities, and all that is needed to bring Bobe back to its pristine importance is a larger trade. Should the leasing system be a success in the south-east there is little doubt that Bobe will be largely benefited, but as the experiment lias not yet been made it is impossible to say 'what the ..result will be. To show that the inhabitants have done their best for the improvement of the town it may be mentioned that the long seawall has been constructed by them without aid Scam the Government, and the undertaking ?was a considerable one. The Government are now asked to place a sum of £800 on the esti mates for the lengthening of the wall and levelling the sand, and as a promise was made fey the late Government that this should be done the members of the present Ministry will sot refuse what appears to be a reasonable request. When at Bobe the visitors assembled at the institute hall to receive a public welcome, and sSbo that the Commissioners of Public Works and Crown Lands might hear what was to be - said by the residents respecting local matters. Tbere was a large attendance, including several ladies, and the welcome was of a very hearty description. Mr. C. Gell occupied the ehair, and Messrs. J. Hoison (chairman of the district council) and H. Giles filled the vioe «bairs. The usual loyal toasts having been honored with due enthusiasm, The Chaibmas proposed 'The Ministry.'* The most important measure that this Ministry kad bad to bring forward was that of taxation, which -question had been successfully treated with notwithstanding the unpalatable nature ei the subject. It had been whis . pered that in making out the regulations tbe Act had been found to be unworkable, and lie sincerely hoped that such was not the case. So far as the south-east was concerned, there was general satisfaction at the manner in -which the Taxation Act had been passed through Parliament, although there were divi sions of opinion as to what kind of taxation should be adopted. Then the Government had passed the Agricultural Crown .Lands Act. An experiment was going to be tried in that district in the leasing of lands, and he honed thai, the experiment would be successful. The Distillation Act had been carried, and Mr. Bagot and the Ministry were to be congratu lated on the action they had taken in the matter. _ In getting the Parliament to repeal the Exhibition Bill Act the Government had acted in accordance with the feelings of the people in the south-east. It required great courage to bring about tbe repeal of the Act on account ef the strong endeavors made by persons in various parts oi the colony who were interested to have the exhibition held in 1887. As to the Dog Act he thought there would be a good deal of -unpleasantness with respect to the discs, which could be easily lost, and thereby cause trouble. He deprecated the action of the Ministry in regard to the Loan Transfer Bill, -which liad absorbed moneys left over from the south-eastern railways and devoted it to other works, although the former were not completely equipped. He expressed pleasure at the pass ing of the Mount Gambler and Narraooorte xauway Act, and in referring to other questions expressed the opinion that the feeling in the couth-east, at all events at the present juncture, ?was decidedly against payment of members. (Applause, and no.) As to the proposed abolition of grants-inlaid to corpora* ?turns and district councils, he thought that while the abolition of the grants might be very well carried out in old and thicklypopu lated places it would not do to abolish the pay ments in sparsely-populated districts. If the subsidies were removed he did not believe Iliere would be one penny less taxation, but tbe money would be spent in some way, and perhaps not 60 efficiently as heretofore. He regretted that the Local Loans Bill had been rejected by the Upper House, as it would have teen of assistance to the Bobe District Council and other municipal bodies. (Hear, hear.) He trusted that the Government would ere louj seyise the railway tariff, so that our ports might receive all agricultural produce which geographically belonged to them. Touching railway management, he thought an alteration dhould be made. The railways should be conducted on commercial principles, and if possible by a commercial man who should be held responsible. At present . tbere was too much -divided authority, wliich meant too much divided responsibility, and he considered the management of the railways should be undertaken oy a non-political bjard. The action of the Ministry in' appointing counsel to defend two of the parties in the Tbow enquiry while leaving the other person to rub along as best he could seemed rather con trary to the sense of justice of most people, and he mentioned this in order that the Commis sioner cf Public Works might, if he thought' fit, explain to the country the reason for taking this step. He urged the necessity of extra, re presentation for the District of Albert, as there was a diversity of interests in the district which needed separate representation. With regard to the question of annexation and federa tion, he was sorry that the Government had not- taken a bolder stand. The Hon. Jain«?s Service stood out boldly, and eeemed to have to spur the other colonies on. He trusted that our Chief Secretary would .yet see the wisdom of acting with firmness. Having urged the necessity for settling the boundary question and the question of absconding debtors, Mr. Gell concluded a lengthy spaecn by stating that he considered the Ministry a credit to South Australia. (Applause.) The Commissioker of Public Works, -who was well received, said he did not intend to make a lone speech, although the chairman had afforded him every opportunity of doing so. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) Referring to the question of taxation, he thought the Ministry had fairly solved it by proposing that those best able to pay the tax should be called upon to pay it. He was glad to hear that the country was with the Ministry in opposing the holding of an exhibition in the jubilee year. So far as the Loan Transfer Bill -was con cerned, the only sum taken from the south east to be devoted to other purposes was taken from the Kingston railway, and £2,000 had been set down for increased shed accommoda tion. The only appropriations in the city were for running sheds on the park lands and at Port Adelaide, and not a single penny had been spent in a single district represented by Ministers of the Crown. He was pleased to learn that the passing of the Mount Gambier and Narracoorte Railway Act was satisfactory to the people of Robe, because it linked the railway systems of the south-east, and would enable the railways to be more economically managed. As to railway management gene rally, lie would say nothing further than this — that the time was coming when they would have to make an alteration, though as yet he had not yet made up his mind what 6hape the alteration should take. When, in Melbourne he intended- to consult politicians there with respect to the success of their system of railway management, and in Sydney he would make enquiries so as to discover whether the appointment of a non political Minister of Railways having sole authority had been successful. He was certain, however, that the railway system of South Australia, growing as it did year by year, eould never be managed by a Minister of the Crown, who had to attend to his duties in Par liament, and who must necessarily be more or. less swayed by political motives, or he would lose his seat, and that the railways would sooner or later have to be taken away from the direct control of a Minister of the Crown. The management would have to be placed either under the con trol of a board, or else under some person or persons as independent as possible, being in fact something like our audit commissioners, and responsible to the House of Assembly. Mr. Gell wanted our railways to be worked on commercial principles, but yet wished the rail way tariff to be reduced, and that could hardly be called working on commercial principles. He mentioned that he was in favor of payment of members, and that a draft Bill dealing with absconding debtors had been prepared by the Attorney-General. The Chief Secretary would endeavor to get Mr. Service to introduce a similar measure into the Victorian Parliament. (Applause.) The Commissioner of Chown Lands replied in a happy speech. Referring to the Dog Act, he pointed out that the Act was the outcome -of the appointment of a select committee, but it was only an experiment, and if it were not workable it could be re' pealed next session. The abolition of grants ln-aid to corporations and district councils was a sore point in various parts of the colony, but the Government only proposed to do away with the grants gradually, and would have been prepared, if the Bill had got into com mittee, to have accepted the amendment of Mr. Bagot, limiting the operation of the measure to corporations and district councils, which had been a certain time in existence. There was no doubt that a large amount of public money had in the past been expended for the purpose of improving private property, and now that we had to ask the taxpayers of the colony to help, by means of increased taxa tion, to pay the interest on the money we had borrowed and the deficiency that had been in curred, it was time that the grants-in-aid should be to some extent reduced. The Local Loans Bill would have been passed by the Legislative Council had it not been thought that the measure should only be passed in conjunction with that which he had just referred to, and he hoped that both of these Bills would be reintroduced next session, and that they would become the law of the land. (Applause.) Mr. D. it Fuot proposed 'The Parlia ment of South Australia' in complimentary terms, and in the course of his remarks ex pressed the hope that the Small Homesteads Bill would be reintroduced into Parliament next session, and that payment of members would not become the law of the land. Mr. A. Handtside, M.P., apologised for the absence of Mr. A. Hardy, M.P., and said although he had yet had no parliamentary experience, he would when he took his seat in the House of Assembly do what he could to advance the colony generally, and the district of Albert in particular. He said he had not come forward at the recent election on the squatters' ticket, and he hoped his actions in Parliament would convince them upon that poiat. (Applause.) Mr. J. W. Castine, M.P., also responded, and said he, as a northern member, had gladly accepted the invitation of the Commissioner of Crown Lands to visit the south-east in order that he might see for himself what the require ments of that part of the colony were. He trusted that when the necessity arose the southern members would visit the northern districts, and he believed the result of the present trip would be that the wants of the south-east would receive more attention at the hands of northern members than they might otherwise have done. (Applause.) Mr. J. Mhxee, M.P., also returned thanks, and said that he was glad to have visited the south-east, which he was sure was capable of carrying a much larger population than it now bore, Mr. Hotson then brought under the notice of the Commissioner of Public Works the desirableness of constructing a line of railway between Robe and Penola. Such a line of railway would, he said, open up about 1,548 square miles of unalienated Crown land, com prising Gillop, the Clay Wells, Mount Bruce Avenue, and Seedy Creek Flats, Bonney's Wells, Wattle Range, Conmurra, and the hundreds of Bray and Ross, a portion of which was most fertile, and comparatively speaking as good as any in the south-eastern district. The average distance between the Kingston and 2-Tarracoorte and Beachport and Mount Gambier lines of railway was 48 miles, giving an average distance on each side of a railway from Robe to Penola of 24 miles. Allowing one-half the distance on each side to be served by the existing -lines, two strips of land 12 miles wide remained to be served by a line from Robe to Penola, the dis tance to Penola being 64A miles. A portion of the land, say one-eighth, or 117,120 acres, was well-known to be good agricultural land, the leasing price of which could be fairly put down at Is. per acre, or £5,856. Reckoning one-sixth of the remaining portion, or 136,640 acres, as pastoral land, containing patches for agriculture, it -would at 6d. per acre realise £3,416, and still leave an area of 629,440 acres for leasing purposes, which -at _tbe low rate of 2d. per acre per year would bring in an annual revenue of £5,245 6s. 8d. According to the se port of Mr. Graham Stewart, sent in to the Government in June last, the total cost of con struction of the line was approximately esti mated at £256,800. This at 4 per cent, would represent the sum of £10,272 as interest. The working expenses for one year were estimated at £5,326 14s., or a total of £15,598. Against this they had the receipts from land as he had ebown £14,517 6s. 8d., leaving only the^mall debit balance of £1,081 7s. 4d. 'In addition to the annual income from leased lands, all the wheat, wool, fat stock, and general produce of the 1,548 square miles would undoubtedly have to be carried on this line, together with potatoes, cattle, and sheep from Penola and over the Barrier. This would bring in a considerable revenue which would not only make up the deficiency, but leave a large margin of profit. The route, moreover, was entirely free from engineering difficulties. (Applause). The Commissioner of Public Works in reolv said it would entirely depend upon the population that took possession of the land thrown open between Penola and Robe as to whether the Government of the day would ask Parliament to pass such a line of railway as that asked for. If a large population settled on the land, and it could be shown that the railway could be constructed so as to pay working expenses and pay a trifle towards interest, he would be most happy to bring before his colleagues and Parliament a Bill authorising the construction of the line. (Ap plause). Mr. W. MnxEB proposed 'The members of the districts of Albert and 'Victoria,' paying a tribute to the late Mr. Henning, who had so long and ably represented the district of Albert in Parliament. Mr. Hakdtside responded. | {Mr. J. Bagot, M.P., also responded, and in felicitous terms referred to the amicable manner in which his colleague and himself had worked together. Mr. F. E. H. W. Kiucbatjff, M.P., spoke in favor of the construction of a railway from Robe to Penola. He did not believe it would be necessary to reintroduee the small Home steads Bill, because a consolidating Land Bill would have to be brought forward in which picvisinn for small homesteads could be made. At present there were so many Land Acts that it was almost impossible, for any one to understand what cur laws rei_y meant, and a consolidated Act should speedily be passed. Mr. Haudtside proposed — ' The Town and Trade of Robe,' to which sentiment Mr. Hotsos responded, expressing his regret that the progress made by Robe had not been so great as was to be desired. Robe had been a place of considerable importance in past years, and in one year had exported wool to the value of £200,000. With the construction of a rail way from Robe to Penola Robe would, how ever, become one of the most flourishing town ships in the south-east. Mr. H. Giles gave 'The Combined In terests of the Colony;' and Mr. J. H. Howe, M.P., in reply, said when we could export over £1G per head per annum of goods we had nothing to fear, and he was sure at the end of the year tbe amount of our exports would greatly exceed that sum. He repudiated the notion that we were a poorer colony than our neighbors, for though circumstances had interfered with our financial position our credit was as good as it was five years ago. Re ferring to the trip of the Ministerial party he spoke in highly eulogistic terms of the country through which they had passed, and depre cated the idea that the only fertile land in the south-east was just around Mount Gambier. (Applause.) On the question of railways, he thought that if they paid working expenses and 3 per cent, on the money borrowed for their construction they were doing very wall indeed, and he expressed the hope that the railway tariffs of Victoria and South Australia would be assimilated, for that assimilation would be a stepping-stone to federation. (Applause.) The Commissioner of Crown Lands having at the request of those present explained the provisions of the Land and Vermin Acts of last session the proceedings were brought to a close after the toasts of 'The Ladies,' 'The Press,' and ' The Chairman' had been given. 