Bovelxst HIS ONE MISTAKE, « By BERTHA M. CLAY. ♦ CHAPTER LXVI.—(Continued.) " It looks like a place to be haunted," said Lord Carsdale; " still, a sea- washed jetty is rather a strange place for a ghost. What kind of ghost Is it ? " " Well, you know, sir, of course it ia no ghost—there is no such thicg; but I tell you one thicg, none of oar young people wculd come here after dark, and I do not mind saying that I have often had a_turn myself." " What ia it, then 2 " asked XjDrd Cirsdale. " To tell you the truth, sir," said the old man, "it is a lady. I think some great trouble has driven her mad. She looks like it." " What does she do ? " continued Lord Carsdale, growing interested. " Well, she never comes here, sir, before the gloaming, and she is so shadowy, eo still, so white, and so beautiful, that people have a kind of dread of her. I have seen her often enough, and her face is quite transparent; it is like marble with the moon shining on it. She seems always to come with the gloaming, and she goes away with the great darkness. She sits right at the end of ihe jetty, there ■where the water tcuehes those black arches. I •went to her once," continued the old man, see ing that his listener was interested. " I said to myself there was nothing to be afraid of, and I went to her. " Are you not afraid of the waves ?" I said to her; and, sir, I almost fell back into the sea myself when ebe raised her face and looked at me. I did not know that there could be such a face ia all the world." "What was it like?" asked Lord Carsdale. " It would take one more clever than I am to tell that. It was like nothing I have ever seen on this earth; it was beautiful, like the face of an angel in a picture, and it was filled with sorrow. It did not look as though she had cried—the grief on it was past ail tears; and yet there was a strange light, a curious strange light. I said to her, " Are you not afraid of the waves?" and then she looked as I told you. It took me some time to get over that look. Then I said: " When they reach these black arches they are dangerous," I said " Yes, I know," she replied; and, for me, such a voice was worth hearing; it was sweet and sad as a cooing dove. " Do you know," I continued, " that danger in this case means death?" "Yes, I know it," she answered. " You need not trouble about me. Do you see this mark here ?" She raised her hand— such a white hand, sir, like a snow-flake—and she pointed out to me a great black notch in the wood. "You see this?" she repeated, and I said "Yes." "I shall sit here," she said, " night after night until the waves reach here, and when they reach here I shall die. Oh, welcome death! Oh, beautiful death 1 I shall die; it will not be suicide; I shall not kill myself; but the waves will cairy me eo gently out to sea—eo gently so sweetly 1" Sir, I drew hack, frightened at her; neither her face nor her voice were like anything earthly. That was more than two weeks since; now I watch her, and I have my boat ready. If ever I see her in danger, I shall do my best to cave her." "It is a strange story," said Lard Cars dale. " All the young people are shy of going near the jetty. It used to be a famous place for love-making: now. when that silent figure steals so gently and quietly along, every one vanishes as though by magic." " What time do you say the poor lady comes?" asked Lord Carsdale. " Only in the gloaming sir; only in the gloaming," said the old man, as he walked away. 