first day.— wednesday, a 22 The long room at the Victoria Hoiel was fairiyoowdedtm Tuesday evening with raring men, but there wasanoticeable absent oi the pencilling talent, which, an the g»i od wtafhmg days, used to muster in seen :crce on evening preceding our annual race meeting. By means of the railway ri-.M, atone chazgc toia cda, bnt whether te charge is beneficial will very much depend upon tbe idiosyncrasies of the person whose opinion is asked. So far as our boniiaces sre concerned the new order o: things is to be regretted, as not only bookmakers but also many visitors pot off their arrival in town nntjl the last moment, and ibis, necessarily, means l®s money placed in rircnlatioi:. tn nr.h of which filters through the purees o: ihe publicans and does cood to trade gener ally. Th absence of tne " metaliiciaiis was made more particularly observable ty ihe peace which prevailed. There was no shouting " Til lay rh?s or that ; What abont Sir Patrick ? " etc. Here and there were small coteries dig'nfc"ng the probabilities of me morrow, some -rpntegsing hopes that it w-ouic be fine, others ridiculing tbe chance ox this or that horse, and quietly advocating the claim of another to supremacy, and, teli i£ not in Oath, proclaim ii cot in the streets oi Askekm,17 others, probably, deciding upon how best to get at the gentle public, by means of fictitious information, or by run ning a horse up to the position of first favorite, and then laving against him to the izhe&z; possible extent, knowing that the animal would would either not start, or if he <iia start, would not have the ghost o: a snow c i winning. The only lively brat in tee monotony of the proceedings was brought about by Sir. S. Stretch, when, in stentorian tones, be announced he bad reccivea instruc tions from the stewards to offer tor sale oy public auction the right to collect tolls a: tbe gate. He expatiated upon the galaxy of equine talent which was to meet on tne convincing ground, assumed for the nonce the mantle of Baxter as a weather propuvt, by assuring those present of brilliant son- shine, and persuasively indoced Mr. Jorp Lindsay to give £17 for the rignt to call upon all non-members to " stand anu deliver 75 before being allowed to take tbtir horses or vehicles into the oiiannw aresa. This outburst over, things again oecaaie tame, and " early to bed early to rise was the motto adopted by the crowd. At mid night all the " pobs were closed, and silence rrigued around: never, in fact, on the evening preceding a race meeting have our streets been so deserted, ana, as tne guid " will remark, " all the better. .The morning broke bright and dear, the vault of heaven was here and there 2eckr.: by a cloud, but one of the beaotifol of Australian days was now cerrair. and as the tune approached for the tirsi ra-- to start, the bostieincreased. During the mora - ing modi Indignation was expressea aicut a most scurvy trick which had been played upon one of our local car drivers, particular; about which will be found in our " Items Oi Hews," but beyond this all went along merrily, the brilliant sunshine being calcu lated, in addition to the grand sport antici pated. to make the spirits of all and sundry most buoyant. It very soon became ap parent, however, that the master on the course was not to be so large as had been anticipated. There were not each dense crowds at street corners as we have seen, and the country people ccsfid oc>t b? SC€U roiling np from all points oc wie The reasons for this do not seen difficult to find. The race meeting was. in the opinion of many, held too quickly after the Easter holidays, there have been so many race meet ings recently, and tbe acceptances tor the principal were, comparatively speaking, poor. Holding race meetings one after the other in quick succession was thought to be a good' idea, bnt experience goes to prove to the contrary. The public can not afford to be so often away, and horses get knocked out si . time, and the club holding the last meeting, is tolerably sure to come off second best, btiii. had tiie residents of the district known of the splendid entries received, on the uirfit of general entry, it is probable they w"oald have attended in greater numbers. As h was, the entries only being received on the night pre ceding tbe meeting, they bad neither cbe opportunity to hear about themr nor tbe time to make pzrpiif Sac -a visit, to cowc. Dnring the afternoon the assemblage on tbe course increased, and assumed fur propor tions, but at no period was it so large as we have seen on tbe HamOton course when the racing faas been far less interesting. The stewards, however, must have been pleased to see tbe fair sex well re presented, and now that it is known such a grand meeting is in progress the probability is there will be a much more' numerous attendance on the course on Thursday. With respect to the racing, It is lid be doubted if better has been witnessed on any course this season, and for this, the haudicappers, Messrs. J. F. Cussen and Jas. Wiggins deserve some credit. First of all there was the Maiden Plate, won by half a length, Speculation being tiret, and the pretty St. Albans fill', Mia Cara, second. Then came the Hurdle Race. In this, there were really only two, Guardfish and Royal Maid, who quickly showed the other competitor. Black Angel, thai "two's company, three's none." At Casterton, Guardfish beat the Maid, atGole- raine be repeated the dose, but Royal Maid appeared to look better to-day, and many were disposed to believe she would, on this occasion, be able to turn the tables on ber conqueror. When, however, she begau to move, it was found that looks were de ceptive. She did not move bo freely as her admirers could have wished. The start was made opposite the stand, they bad to go twice round, and Guardfish at once assumed the lead. This he retained until about the distance post, wheu Ferguson brought Royal Maid along with a grand rush, mid was literally within an inch of winning, the judge giving the result as a dead heat. In the run off Guardfish won easily, but that was no reason why Beauchamp should have indulged in a piece of fiash riding at the finish, standing up in bis stirrups and looking back. This may have pleased the great unwashed, but was severely and properly condemned by all genuine sporting men, who did not consider that any jockey bad a right to run any avoidable risk when much money depended upon the result of bis exertions. Beau- champ would have looked very foolish liad any accident occurred whilst he was looking round, and, as one ' sport" remarked, "fooliug." Oq tbe other hand, Ferguson rode splendidly on both occasions. In the Cup a very great boil-over occurred, there being deemed to be nothing in it but Sir Patrick, the betting being two to one on liim. Nevertheless the winner, Little John, was quietly backed for a respectable amount. After the Sclliug Race, that great supporter of the club, Mr. Robertson, of Skene, was again to the fore. Mr. Howie having bought in My Lord for £26, thus benefiting the club to the extent of £6. Defamation was then claimed, and here Mr. Robertson had a cut in, Startiug at £40, the bidding quicklj' ran tbe amount offered up to £53, when Mr. Robertson stopped, and allowed the owner to have the horse back for £54, £14 of which went iuto the club's coffers. The prettiest sight of the day was the start for the Brace let Stakes, in which thirteen amateur riders sported colors. The winner turned up in Sea- shell, and as showing what an outsider this horse was, it may be mentioned that not a single shilling was invested on liim in Mr. Williams' totalisator, and the £12 invested with him was promptly returned. After the race a protest was entered, but subsequently withdrawn, against the rider of Seashell, on theground that be was not, in the proper sense of the word, an amateur rider. The Galloway race brought out a wonderfully smart pony in Poor Van, aud this event closed the pro ceedings for the day. As a starter, Mr. D. Twomcy was a most unqualified success, lie displaying consummate skill in getting the fields away on level terms. The veteran judge, Mr. Featherstonhaugh, had some very close finishes to decide npon, but in every instance his decisions gave general satisfaction. The stewards, as usual, worked with a will, and Mr. D. A. Skene, the bon. secretary, is to be highly complimented on his debut in that Important capacity. For weeks pre viously he had been working con amove, and it must have been as gratifying to him as it undoubtedly was to the public to see every thing going along so smoothly. As clerk of scales, Mr. C. A. Wiggins was umemitting iu his attention to his duties ; Mr. Steel, as clerk of the course, was, as usual, the right man in the right place ; and an efficient body of police, uuder the command of Sergeant Richards, took care that no disturbance calculated to militate against enjoyment should occur. Mr. M4Donald, of the Bochara Inn, has ere this catered or the public under the grand stand, in capital style, but to-day his better half excelled herself by providing a luncheon fit for a prince. This worthy couple also intro duced a new feature into the catering by providing tea for thcladice, nicely served in one of the private rooms. Had this been more generally known, the demand for the refresh - iug beverage would probably have been still greater it was. Mr. Thomas, of the Town Hall Hotel, attended to tlie require ments of the outside public in a most satis factory manner, and the performances given by Banvard's rircus were well patronised. Below we give details of the running, viz : — A1AIDEX PLATE. Of 20 sovb. Three -quarters of a mile. Weight for age. Mr. J. D. Whitehead's b c Speculation, 2 yrs (K&mage;), 7st 41b 1 Mr. F. Henty's b f Mia Cara, 2 yrs (P. Fal lon). 7«t 41b 2 Mr. T. Stewart's b m Marian, 6 yrs (Stew art), fist 121b 3 The other starters were — Hector (9st), Paul Clifford (9st), Corack (9st), Neuarpur (9st), Here's Luck (7st 21b), aud ParnelL fist llib. Betting : Level money on Mia Cara, 2 to 1 Speculation, 4 to 1 others. Speculation went for a short bolt on his own account. On his rejoining the field they were sent away on level terms, Mia Cara at once showing in front. In a few strides, however, Specu lation over - hauled, passed her, and got a good lead. At the town turn Mia Cara on the outside, and Here's Luck, were run ning togethersecond. Speculation led through out and won comfortably by half a length, Marian getting away from the ruck on coming into the straight. Time, 1 min. 20 sees. HANDICAP HURDLE RACB. Of 40 boys. About two miles aud a half. Mr. T. Boucher's cb m Royal Maid, 6 yrs, (A. Ferguson) list 21ba and Mr. J. P. D. Laurie's br g Guardfish, 6 yrs, (Beauchamp) lOst 131bs, ran a dead heat. Black Angel being tbe only other 6tartcr. The betting was 6 to 4 on Guardfish and level money on the Maid. Black Angel went round the first jump, and never afterwards was in the race. Guardfish led the Maid once round, bnt when finishing this round at the back of the course, Ferguson eat down to work and slightly overhauled the leader, who bungled at the jump nearest town. Beauchamp made a clever recovery, but set bis horse going again a little too soon instead of first property steadying him. This enabled tbe Maid to get on better terms, and on round ing the curve for home she got level, but fell back again before tlie straight was reached, and struck the- last hurdle hard. Guardfish led into the straight, and it ap peared all over bnt shouting, when Royal Maid made a rush on the inside, and Beau champ was nearly caught napping. Then ensued a ding dong race, first one nose a few inches in front, then the other, the greatest excitement prevailing. The air resounded with the cries of "Guardfish wins, tbe Maid wins." As though bracketed they rushed along towards the win ning post, and so close were tbey together that tbe judge was unable to separate them. The stewards tben decided that the race should be run off after tbe last event of the day, and, it need scarcely be added, the deciding trial was looked forward to with no small amount of pleasurable anticipation. Again Guardfish got away with the lead ; but it was notice able Beauchamp did not make so much use of his hone as in the first instance, preferring & short and certain lead to " winding" bis horse too quickly. Both appeared to be tired by their previous exertions, both struck fences, bnt Guardfish led all round and into tbe straight. Here Ferguson tried his previous tactics, and amidst great excite ment. again came with a rash passed Guardfish. This, however, was the last bolt the Mud could shoot, Beauchamp called upon Guardfish, and the little fellow most gamely answering, soon left the behind and won easily. the hamilton cup. Of 100 sovb. One and a half mfica. Mr. W. Moron's br h little John, 4 yre (Leffcwirtt), 7st 41b I Messrs. W. and D, Skene's b c Autocrat, 3 yrs (Ramage), 7b 1 321b . 2 Mr. J. MKenna'« br f Penelope, 3 yrs (Quigley), fist 71b ... 3 The eight colored on the card started for this event. 2 to 1 being laid on Sir Patrick, 3 to 1 agt Autocrat, 4 to I little John. After Sir Patrick had fiddfcd about a little, the eight competitors were sent away to a really splendid start, Bobby Dazsler and Penelope going away with the lead, the favorite being absolutely last. Rounding tbe turn past he stand, Autocrat was noticeable for going strongly, hard held, keepiog the third posi tion, and was so held until reaching the back of the course, when he was let out, and rapidly reduced the very wide gap which previously had separated htm from Penelope. Along the road stretch the horses raced in a batch, Autocrat having a commanding posi tion. On cnteriug the turn, Little John, who had held a good place throughout, was seen coming to the fore, and then a grand struggle ensued between him and Autocrat. Tbe result was a win for Little John by two lengths, the winner, apparently, being quite ridden out, Penelope was third, and Sir Patrick fourth. Time, 2min 43&secs.; SELLING BACK. Of 20 sovb. ; weight for age. Selling allowances. Mr. R. Howie's br g My Lord, aged (£20), Sst. lib. (Fallou) 1 Tlie other starters were Gaylass, Defama tion, Scorpion, Black Bess, and Shamrock, Defamation's performances up country bring ing him into good demand. My Lord was, however, the most faucicd. Black Bess led off, My Lord getting away nearly last. At the turn for home, however, he came through and won with something to spare, Gaylass being second, and Black Bess third. the bracelet stakes, A Welter handicap for a gold bracelet, valued at 20 guineas. Second horse to receive a bracelet presented by Messrs. W. G. Farroll and Sons. Value 3 guineas. Amateur riders. Miss Thomson's b m Sea Shell, 6 yrs, lOst 4 lb (Mr. W. Beveridge) 1 Miss AL Robertson's b g Banjo, 5 yrs, list (Mr. F.Robertson) 2 Miss K. G. Robertson's br g Antelope, aged, 12st 41b (Air. J. G. Robertson) 3 The otber starters were— Countess (Mr. T. Robertson), Ned Kelly (Mr. J. Thom son), Jack (Mr. Jas. Robertson), Free- trade (Mr. Douglas), Young Vagabond (Air. J. G. MLean), Star (Mr. Tillcy), Concord (Mr. B. Davis), Reform (Air. MKecboie), and Count (Air. H. Whitehead). Count and Free-trader were made the fa vorites, only 2 or 3 to 1 being offered against either of them. This gallant array of gentlemen drawn up in line, prepared to dash onward aud onward, their colors spark ling in the sunshine, formed a pretty pic ture, and they all went away together determined to do, although not to die. Countess and Concord were the first away, Reform taking a prominent position. At a slashing pace they raced along the back of the course, and at the half mile board Ante lope made his run, going through his horses in fine style, but he bad not been lone in an advantageous position before Seashell came along followed by Banjo, and, leading into the straight, won by a bare length, Antelope being satisfied with third honors, and Count with fourth. G ALLOW AT RACE, Of 10 sovb. For ponieB 14-2 or under. Weight for age. 41bs allowed for every half-inch in height. Half a mile. Air. J. Robertson's b m Poor Van, 3yrs, 14-1 (J. Beveridge). 7st 13lbs 1 Air. IV. Alorau's bg Body Cyrs, 8st 71bs (Leftwich) 2 Try Me, Forester, Fidget, Lynctte, Venus, and Rody, were the other starters. Lynette and Rody were installed as first favorites, and Forester came up with such a great reputation as to cause liim to bo held in re spect. Tbe race may be easily described. Won with the greatest of ease from start to finish. After the dead heat for tbe Hurdle Race had been run off, a stampede ensued home wards. 