THE GHOST'S TOUCH. By WILKIE COLLINS. [Published by special arrangement with the author. All right9 reserved.] THIRD PART. X. "Welcome to St. Ann's!" cried Mr. John Zant. " I knew that yon were expected, my dear sir, and I took my chance of finding you at the hotel." He turned to his sister-in-law, and kissed her hand with an elaborate gallantry worthy or Sir Charles Grandison himself. When I reached home, my dear, and heard that you had gone out, I guessed that your'ob ject was to receive our excellent friend. You have not felt lonely while I have been away? That's right! that s right!" He looked towards the balcony, and discovered Lucy at the open window, staring at the magnificent stranger. "Your little daughter, Mr. Rayburn? Dear child! Come, and kiss me." Lucy answered in one positive word—" No." Mr. John Zant advanced to the window, smiling superbly. " Show me your doll, dar ling," he said. " Sit on my knee." Lucy answered in two positive words—" I won't." Her father approached the window to ad minister the necessary reproof. Mr. John Zant interfered in the cause of mercy with'his best grace. He held up his hands in meek en treaty. "Dear Mr. Rayburn! The fairies-are sometimes shy; and this little fairy doesn't take to strangers at first sight. Dear child! All in good time. And what stay do you make at St. Ann's ? May we hope that our poor attrac tions will tempt you to prolong your visit ?" He put his ilatteriug little question with an ease of manner which was rather too plainly assumed; and he looked at Mr. Rayburn with a watchfulness which appeared to attach undue importance to the reply. When he said, "What stay do you make at St. Ann's ?" did he really mean, " How soon do you leave us ?" Mr. Rayburn answered cautiously that his stay at the seaside would depend on circumstances. Mr. John Zant looked at his sister-in-law, Bit ting silent m a corner with Lucy on her lap. " Exert your attractions," he said; ''make the circumstances agreeable to our good friend. Will you dine with us to-day, my dear sir, and bring your little fairy with you?" Lucy was far from receiving this complimen tary allusion in the spirit in which it had been offered. "I'm not a fairy,"she declared; " I'm a child." "And a naughty child,"her father added, with all the severity that he could assume. "I can't help it, papa; the man with the big beard puts me out." The man with the big beard was amused— amiably, paternally amused—by Lucy's plain speaking. He repeated his invitation to din i ner, and he did his beBt to look disappointed when Mr. Rayburn made the necessary ex cuses. Another day, he said (without, however, fixing the day). " I think you Will find my house comfortable. My experiments, when I amuse myself in that way, seldom offend the nostrils of visitors; and my housekeeper may perhaps be eccentric—but in all essentials a woman in a thousand. Do you feel the change from London already ? Our air at St. Ann's is really worthy of its reputation. Invalids who come here are cured as if by magic. What do you think of Mm. Zant? How does she look ?" Mr. Raybum was evidently expected to say that she looked better. He said it. Mr. John Zant seemed to have anticipated a stronger expression of opinion. " Surprisingly better!" he pronounced, "Infinitely better! We ought both to be grateful. Pray believe that we are grateful." "If you mean grateful tome," Mr. Rayhurn remarked, "I don't quite understand " _ "You don't quite understand? Is it pos sible that you have forgotten our conversation when I first bad the honor of receiving you? Look at Mrs. Zant again." Mr. Rayburn looked ; and Mrs. Zaat's brother-in-law explained himself. "You notice the return of her color, the healthy brightness other eyes. (No, my dear, I am not paying you idle compliments; I am stating'plain facts). For that happy result, Mr. Rayburn,- we are indebted to you." "Surely not!" " Surely, yes ! It was at your valuable sug gestion that I thought of inviting my sister-in law to visit me at St. Ann's. Ah, you remem ber it now. Forgive mo if I look at toy watch; the dinner hour is on my mind. Not, as your dear little daughter there seems to think, because I am greedy, but because I am always punctual in justice to the cook. Shall we see you to-morrow ? Gall early, and you will find us at home." He gave Mrs. Zant his arm, and bowed and smiled, and kissed his hand to Lucy, and left the room. Thinking over the interview at the hotel in London, Mr. Rayburn now understood John Zant's object (on that occasion) in as Burning .the character of a helpless man in need of a sensible suggestion. If Mrs. Zant's resi denceunder his roof became associated with evil consequences, he could declare that she would never have entered the house but for Mr. Rayburn' advice. With the next day came the hateful necessity of returning this man's visit, Mr. Rayburn was placed between two alternatives. In Mrs. Zant s interests he must remain, no matter at what sacrifice of his own inclinations, on good terms with her brother-in-law—or he must re turn to London, and leave the poor womanto her fate. His choice, it is needless to say, was never a matter of doubt. He called at the house and did his innocent best—without in the least deceiving Mr. John Zant—to make himself agreeable during the short duration of his visit. Descending the stairs on his way out, accompanied by Mrs. Zant, he was surprised to Bee a middle-acred womanin the hall, wholooked as if she was waiting thero expressly to attract notice. "The housekeeper," Mrs. Zant whispered. " She is impudent enough to try to make ac quaintance with you." This was exactly what the housekeeper was waiting in the hall to do. "I hope you like our watering-place, sir," she began. "If I can be of service to you, pray command me. Any friend of this lady's has a claim on me—and you are an old friend, no doubt. I am only the housekeeper; but I pre sume to take a sincere interest in Mrs. Zant; and I am indeed glad to see you here. We none of us know, do we, how soon we may want a friend? No offence, I hope? Thank you, sir. Good morning." There was nothing in tha woman's eyes which indicated an unsettled mind; nothing in the appearance of her lips which suggested habits of intoxication. That her strange out burst of familiarity proceeded from some strong motive seemed to be more than probable. Putting together what Mrs. Zant had already told him, and what he had himself observed, Mr. Ray burn was inclined to bslieve that the motive might be found in the housekeeper's jealousy of her master. XI. The suggestive events of the day were not at an end yet. At the moment when John Zant's door closed behind him Mr. Raybum was recog nised by an old friend passing in the street—a person of celebrity in the world of science, who was professor of chemistry at one of the Lon don hospitals. "What! Have you been submitting your feet to Mr. Zant ?" asked the professor, point ing to the brass plate on the door. Mr. Rayburn explained that he had been only paying an ordinary visit. "Ah, you know him? Well, as an operator, I cannot speak too highly of your friend. He has set right a rather serious mistake made in my case by the corn- cutter whom I am accus tomed to employ in London. In other respects he is one of the queerest characters I have met with for many a long day past." " In what way, may I ask?" The professor took his friend's arm. They walked along the esplanade together. "We live," said the chemist, "in an age when literature, art, and science are all alike invaded by the omnipresent amateur. Mr. John Zant is an amateur who practises what he calls 'occult chemistry' in his leisure hours. While he was operating on my foot he applied the soothing influence of flattery, delicately laid on; and when he had done (if I may use a coarse expression) he pumped me in my scientific capacity with out mercy. The fellow—I beg your paraon; I forgot he was a friend of yours ; let us say the accomplished amateur—has collected some curious old books relating to chemistry, and has founded on them some absurd theories of his own. One of these theories is that the old superstition which once believed in the ' Elixir of Love' actually rests on a basis of chemical truth. There are drugs (he was good enough to remind me) which' affect the mind through the body, and which may so influence the intellectual powers as to place the will of one person at the mercy of the will of another. 'In that way,' says Mr. John Zant, I account for the wonders said to have been performed by the love draughts mentioned in this old book!' He turned over a few pages, and pointed to a recipe (or prescription) which, as he thought, justified his opinion. But he would like to know, he informed me, if my wonderful, etcetera, etcetera, confirmed him in hiB own view. His plausible im pudence—I beg your pardon again; we will say his thirst for knowledge—was really as good as a play. But there was one serious side to the nonsense that he talked. I led hi™ on (I am ashamed to say) for my own amusement, until I made a discovery which I had not bar gained for. The man is ignorantly meddling with two chemical ingredients, which may pro duce disastrous results—if he attempts to put his theories to the test. He denies that he ha3 an intention, of doing this—excepting, perhaps, in the case of some unfortunate animal. Whether there is any good reason to believe him, we won't stop to enquire. My last words at parting gave him a warning, which I hope will have its efff ct._ It might not be amis3 if you exerted your influence over your friend. Tell him to take_ that small metal case which he brought with him from London out in a boat, and when he gets into deep water to throw it overboard. Are you staying at St Ann's ? I'm here in lodgings with my wife till the end of the week, 'ihere is the address; come and see us." Reflecting in the solitude of his own room, Mr. Rayburn felt that the one prudent course to take would be to remove Mrs. Zant fromSt. Ann's. He tried to prepare her cautiously for this strong proceeding when she came the next day to take Lucy out for a walk. "If you still regret having forced yourself to accept your brother-in-law's invitation," was all he ventured to say, "don't forget that youareperfectmistressof your own actions. You have only to come to me at the hotel and I will take you back to London by the next train. She positively" refused to entertain the idea. "I should be a thankless creature indeed," she said, "if I accepted your proposal. Do you think I am ungrateful enough to involve ycu in a personal quarrel with John Zant? No! If I find myself forced to leave the house, I will go away alone." _ There was no moving her from this resolu tion. When she and Lucy had gone out to gether Mr. Rayburn remained at the hotel, with a mind ill at ease. A man of readier mental resources might have felt at a loss how to act for the best in the emergency that now confronted him. _ While he was still as far as ever from arriving at a decision some person knocked at the door. Had Mrs. Zant returned ? He looked up: as the door was opened and saw to his astonish ment, Mr. John Zant's housekeeper. "I hope I have not done wrong," she said; "I have allowed your little girl, sir, to 'go to the beach with a playfellow. We met the child, with her mother, atthe door of the hotel. The lady said she was sure you would not object " " The lady is quite right," Mr. Rayburn interposed. " But how is it that you are in charge of Lucy ? Where is Mrs. Zant ?" " Mrs. Zant is not well, sir. At least so I am told._ It happened, as I hear, while she was passing our house door; and I had my mas ter's orders to bring MissLucy back. Before I go away," she added confidently, "I should like to say a word in Mrs. Zant's interests. Take the lady out of our house, and lose no time in doing it." Mr. Rayburn was on his guard. Hemerelv asked, "Why?" * The housekeeper answered in a curiously indirect manner—partly in jest, as it seemed, and partly in earnest. "When a man has lost his wife," she said, "there's some difference of opinion in Par liament, as I hear, whether he does right or wrong if he marries his wife's sister. Wait a bit. I'm coming to the point. My master is one who has a long head on his shoulders; he sees consequences which escape the notice of people like me. In his way of thinking, if one man may marry his wife's sister, and no harm done, where is the objection if another man pays a compliment to the family and marries Mb brother's widow. My master, if you please, is that other man. Take the widow away before she marries him." This was beyond endurance. " You insult Mrs. Zant," Mr. Rayburn answered, " if you suppose that such a thing is possible !" " Oh ! I insult her, do I! Listen to me. One of three things will happen. She will be en trapped into consenting to it—or frightened into consenting to it—or drugged into consent ing to it " Mr. Rayburn was too indignant to let her go on. " You are talking nonsense," he said. "There can be no marriage; the law forbids it." "Are you one of the people who see no farther than their noses?" she asked insolently. "Won't the law take his money? Is he obliged to mention that he is related to her by marriage when he buys the licence?" She paused; her humor changed; she stamped furiously on the floor. _ The true motive that animated her showed itself in her next words, and warned Mr. Rayburn to grant a more favorable hearing than he had accorded to her yet. " If you won't stop it," she burst out, * I will! If he marries anybody, he is bound to marry Me. Will you take her away ? I ask you for the last time— will you take her away?" The tone in which she made that final appeal to him bad its effect. " I will go back with you to John Zant's house," he said, "and judge for myself." ° She laid her hand on bis arm : " I must go first-or you may not be let in. Follow me in five minutes; and don't knock at the street door." She left him instantly. He reckoned five minutes by his watch, and followed her. She was waiting for him behind the door. " They are both in the drawing- room," she whispered, leading the way upstairs. "Step softly, and take him by surprise." ^"Jfh a dextrous hand she noiselessly opened the door and let him into the room. xir. A table of oblong shape Btood midway be tween the drawing-room walls. At the end of it which was nearest to the door John Zant was seated, stirring some liquid in a silver cup. Taken completely by surprise, he showed him self in his true character. He started to his feet and protested with an oath against the in trusion which had been committed on him. Heedless of his action and his language, Mr. Rayburn could look at nothing, could think of nothing, but Mrs. Zant. She was standing at the opposite end of the table, in the full flow of sunlight pouring at that moment into the room. Her eyes looked out straight before her—as void of all expression as if they had been eyes composed in sleep. Her lips were a little parted; her head drooped slightly towards her shoulder, m ail attitude which suggested listening for something or waiting for something. Perfectly insensible to the sudden opening of the door, to her brother-in-law's violence, to the words of sym pathy which Mr. Rayburn addressed to her— i here she stood between the two men ; a living creature, self isolated in a stillness like the stillness of death. John Zant's voice broke the silence. His temper was under control again ; he had his lessons for still remaining on friendly terms with Mr. Rayburn. "Iam sorry I forgot myself just now," he said. " We are both of us naturally anxious about her." He pointed to his sister-in-law, and went on. stirring the liquid in the silver cup. "When did this happen?" Mr. Rayburn asked. "Not half an hour ago—just as she was at the door of this house. I was fortunately at home. Without speaking, to me, without noticing me, she walked up the stairs, like a person in a ii; cam. She placed herself where she stands now. She has not moved since. It's a nervous seizure of a peculiar kind Something resembling catalepsy, as yousee.". " Have you sent for a doctor?" "A doctor is not wanted." " I beg your pardon. It seems to me that medical help is absolutely necessary." " Be so good, sir, as to remember that the decision rests with me as the lady's relative. I understand the nature of the attack; and I am about to apply the remedy." Mr. Rayburn approached him, determined to get possession of the cup. "A remedy of your own devising?" he asked, moving a little nearer. His face probably betrayed him. John Zant increased the distance between them. Advancing round the right side of the table, he drew near to Mrs. Zant. She moved before he had passed over the space between them. Her still figure began to tremble. She lifted her drooping head. For a moment there was a shrinking in her—as if she had been suddenly touched by something. She seemed to recognise the touch: s he was still again. John Zant watched the change. "She is beginning to recover lier senses," he said ; "the remedy will help her." He advanced again; he passed into the flood of sunlight flowing over her. Mr. Rayburn followed him ; determined to prevent it if he offered the cup. He waited a little—closely observing her. " Rouse yourself!" he said. She remained in the same position; absorbed •in her thought or in her dream. "Rouse yourself!"he repeated: "and drink this." At the instant when he held it out to her — at the instant when Mr. Rayburn's hand was lifted to seize it—the cup dropped from his fingers. His arm remained outstretched. With a shriek of horror, he struggled to draw it back—struggled in the empty brightness of the sunshine, as if some inv isible grip had seized him. " What has got me ?" the wretch screamed. " Who is holding me ? Oh, the cold of it! the cold of it!" His features be came convulsed; his eyes turned upward until only the white eyeballs were visible. He fell prostrate with a crash that shook the room. The housekeeper heard it, and rushed in. She knelt by her master's body. With one hand she loosened his cravat. With the other she pointed to the end of the table. Mrs. Zant Btill kept her place; but there was another change. Little by little her eyes recovered their natural living expression—then slowly closed. She tottered backwards from the table, and lifted her hands wildly as if to grasp at something which might support her. Mr. Raybnrn hurried to her before she fell— lifted her in his arms—and carried her out of the room. One of the household servants met them in the hall. He sent her for a carriage. In a quarter of an hour more Mrs. Zant was safe under his care at the hotel. XIII. That night a note written by the house keeper was delivered to Mrs. Zant. " The doctors give little hope. The paralytic stroke is spreading upwards to his face. If death spares him he will live a helpless man. I shall take care of him to the last. As for you—forget him." Mrs. Zant gave the note to Mr. Rayburn. " Read it, and destroy it," she said. " It is written in ignorance of the terrible truth." He obeyed and looked at her in silence, waiting to hear more. She hid her face. The few words that she addressed to him, after a struggle with herself, fell slowly and reluc tantly from her lips. She said—"Nomortal hand held the hand of John Zant. The guardian spirit was with me. The promised protection was with me. I know it. I wish to know no more!" Having spoken she rose and gave him her hand. He opened the door for her, seeing that she needed rest in her own room. Left by himself he began to consider the prospect that was before him in the future. How was he to regard the woman who had just left him? As a poor creature, weakened by disease, the victim of her own nervous delusion? or as the chosen object of a super natural revelation—unparalleled by any similar revelation that he had heard of or had found recorded in books ? His first discovery of the place that she really held in his estimation dawned on his mind, when he felt himself re coiling from the conclusion which presented her to his pity, and yielding to the nobler con viction which felt with her faith, and raised her to a place apart among other women. XIV. They left St. Ann's the next day. Arrived at the end of the journey, Lucy held fast by Mrs. Zant's hand. Tears were rising in the child's eyes. "Are we to bid her good bye?" she said sadly to her father. He seemed to be unwilling to trust himself to speak; he only said—"My dear, ask her yourself." But the result justified him. Lucy was happy again. [The End.] 