THE 'CLIMIE'S ROUTE' PHAN TASY. The shades of night were falling fast As up Brisbane-street there passed A youth, who bore, with steps most nice, A basket with the strange device— *' Climie's Route.' At every door he rang the bell, ' He entered every shop as well, And from his wicker basket drew A bill inscribed in deepest blue— ' Climie's Route.' I thus addressed the tiny lad : ' My boy, it almost seems too bad, To load a little chap like you 'With half a hundredweight of blue— ' Climie's Route.' ' Tell me, I prithee, who it is That sends you round the town like this, Delivering from door to door Those bills about that ancient lore — ' Climie's Route?' ' ' I'd have'e, sirs, to know, I be The agent of a live M.P., That stumps the country far and wide, And for the past two years has cried — ' Climie's Route.' Said I, ' Concerning this M.P., It seems improbable to me His ma can know that he is out, He answered with a fearful shout — ' Climie's Route.' It seems to me a sin, or worse, To let one go without a nurse, Who from its mouldy grave has dug, That antiquated old humbug — ' Climie's Route.' ' For you, I think, you'd best retire, And put your pamphlets in the fire ; Such time-worn rubbish is no treat,' A voice refilled far up the street— i ' Climie's Route.' I walked all night about the place, To mark the way the youth might trace, Through street and ally up and down, Proclaiming round about the town — ' Climie's Route.' Until at last be did begin To stop beside a well- known inn, Whence issued forth in noisy strain, The burden of the old refrain — ' Climie's Route.' I peeped and saw, by bad gaslight, A ne'er-to-be- forgotten sight, A band of spirits, loud in glee. Drinking a toast, with three-times-three — ' Climie's Route.' Deep was the draught, and loud the song, It echoed all the lane along ; And far into the night was heard The toasting of these mystic words — ' Climie's Route.' At break of day, as down the stairs The slip-shod maid crept unawares, Like shriek of some unrestful ghost, A hideous yell aroused mine host — 'Climie's Route.' The revellers, when they looked around, Upon the carpet stretched were found, And tumbled over in a trice, The basket with the strange device— ' Climie's Route.' There, in the dawn of early day, Drunk and incapable they lay ; And from beneath the table came An awful sound ; this was its name — ' C-c-l-l-i- i-m-i-i-e-'s R-r-o-o-u-t-t-e.' Conservative. Turner's Marsh, June 19. [Conservative seems to have mingled a large share of poetic license with the facts in his 'phantasy.' — Ed. D.T.] 