THE BEAN TREES ON THE RICHMOND RIVER. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir,—On a recent visit to Mount Lindsay I journeyed along the Richmond River, and my attention was drawn to numerous dead cattle in different places on the river and adjacent scrubs. On inquiry for the cause, I was informed that some died for want of water, but that the majority had expired from the effects of eating the fruits of the bean-tree (Castanospermum Australe), also known under the name of Morton Bay chestnut, which grow along the river banks and adjacent brush forests. The trees attain a height of 130 feet and a diameter of five feet ; the foliage is of an attractive, handsome green. The pods contain from one to nine chest- nut-like seeds ; when mature, the pods fall off the tree, and when dry they open end expose the fruit. At the end of winter, or beginning of spring, when the grass is scarce, the cattle will eat the beans, and when once they have tasted them the cattle seem to become fond of the fruit, and frequently leave good grass and go in search of the beans. After eating them, in many cases the cattle die within two or three days ; but frequently the animals will linger for months, and the beasts in a living state become putrid, with sores all over the body ; the hoofs seem to drop off the feet, the mouth and lips swell, and the excrements become liquid. The beasts will stand day after day eating this dangerous fruit, go for water, and again return to the bean tree to par- take, perhaps for the last time, of the fatal repast. Mr. Edwards, at Roseberry station, lost last year over 20 head of cattle, and Mr. Bundoch, at Wyaugry station, lost many more, including valuable horses, which appear to be equally fond of the beans as the cattle ; but it affects them in a different way. They will look well and appear in splendid condition, but the least exertion will disable them, as to run up or down a hill. They will frequently, without a moment's warning, drop dead. Now, some people maintain that the starch of these beans is very nutritious and harmless ; how is it, then, in the early days, before they had any friendly intercourse with European settlers, that the aborigines used this fruit as food, after first preparing it very carefully by pounding it very fine, then placing it in running water for a week or more, and making it into a kind of bread. It must be evident the natives were aware of the poisonous nature of the fruit. To the squatters this tree is an enemy of no small importance, and consequently treated as such, indiscriminately falling by the woodman's axe, or destroyed by the ringbarking process, which is certainly a pity, as the timber not unlike warmness of great value for cabinet work ; yet before long this beautiful tree will be exterminated. It is a sad thing to see, in different parts of the colony, ghost-like monuments of gigantic size tell the pitiful tale that once upon a time there was a beauti- ful primeval forest, which is now devastated, and every tree denuded of all traces of its leafy beauty, and life extinct. To me it looked like a cemetery with so many tombstones. The squatters say we must ringbark, or else we get no grass for our stock, and we only ringbark those trees which are of no value ; but I venture to predict that the timber, at present looked upon as valueless, must of necessity in a few years hence be resorted to for utility and guarded with more paternal care. The cedar is getting scarcer every year, and before long will be no more ; or, if any cedar reserves exist, it will take many years before the timber can be of any market value. The pine forest is treated somewhat in the same go-as- you please manner. In the locality of Broken Head, seven miles north of Ballina, majestic pine tree grooves are every where to be seen. I was informed that some four or five years ago this was scoured as a Government reserve ; but now the pines are foiled indiscriminately for the purpose of of supplying timber to some firm in Sydney or else- where. Valuable trees which do not fall by the timber-getters axe are in many instances destroyed by fire or otherwise. Australians do not as yet appreciate nature's kindness, but abuse it as regards the wholesale destruction of our forests. Ringbarking and fires are two very destructive agents, and the Australian forests—I mean those of value—are not protected as in older countries, instead of Australia exporting timber, and thus making it a source of revenue, we shall be compelled to depend upon foreign countries for timber supplies. I am, &c.;, November 14. E. G. EDELFELT. 