TO THE EDITOR. SIK—The importance of the truth is held by both those who contend for the mortality said the immortality of man. Either one or the other must be unscriptural and wrong. Which is it—that which is assumed or that which is taught plainly? If we allow Scripture to decide the question, man is said to be mortal. "He cometh forth like a flower and is cut down." "As for man, his days are as graBS." It seems somewhat surprising that our opponents should pass over evidence given by the author of man's being and sustained throughout His word with such apparent indifference. I think the testimony of revelation ought to be taken in its obvious sense. It is hardly credible that the Almighty in conveying to man the nature of His workmanship would have His creature man to assume such proportions of truth as is represented to us. Would it not be more in harmony with His wisdom that the fact should be emphatically and clearly made known, as the faith of ages was to rest upon the constitutional act. We read in Gen. 2-7— " And the Lord formed man of the dust," &c.;, but to what purpose ? The issue is Bad indeed. The question naturally arises—Did God make man out of the dust? Now there is not the shadow of a doubt if the Creator intended that man should know what his nature really is. But it is also said—" Let Us make man in Our image after Our likeness." This is understood by popular theology in likeness to His immortal nature—[Query— His moral nature.—ED.] But let UB see. "God made man out of the dust." Then man's nature must be according to what God says—" Dust thou art "—unless something else than man was meant. Consequently the image must nrfer to the ideal likeness of a perfect Creator in nghteowmat holiness, and trust. The ApoBtle Paul I think favQKphis—" For as much as he is the image and glory ^,'Gbd ; but the woman is the glory of the man." Were it otherwise? The inference is irresistible. Man alone could have possessed immortality. We then see man organised from the dust, " fearfully and wonderfully made," is of the earth earthy, and therefore mortal. Scripture must be an enigma if the natural js superseded by the unnatural, which just amounts to this those with whom we have to do are not the real persons we suppose. We greet them with a friendly hand, but we see them not, neither know them, for in reality they are not the men, but the cases only. Absurd as this may appear, there is a force in it that is not easily repelled. Compare it with Scripture. " See my hands and my feet, that it is I myself. Handle me and see, &c.;" Jesus tells them plainly that it was " Himself,'/ a man of " flesh and bones," and not a grim ghastly vision. Will Mr. P. kindly notice the import of the following :—" But man dieth and wasteth away; yea, man jriveth up the ghost, and where iB he ? As the waters fail from the sea, and the river decaveth and drieth up, so man lieth down and riseth not; till the heavens be no more they shall not awake, nor be roused out of their sleep."—Job. xiv. c. " They are appointed as a flock for Sheol; death shall be their shepherd. And the upright shall have dominion over them in the morning, and their beauty shall be for Sheol to consume, that there be no habitation for it, &c.;—Ps. xlix. 14,15, and lxxxix 48 v. Now it is remarkably strange if the Saviour gave any new idea by using Paradise, and I cannot credit that there is in existence a Paradise beneath and above. The Saviour's Paradise appears to me " the Paradise of God.'' —Rev. ii. 7. The Greek gives, " Thou shalt be with me in the Paradise," agreeing with Revelation, The reason we give as to the " comma " is that Scripture is inspired of God. Punctuation is a human addition, and, therefore, cannot alwayB be depended upon. As anciently the Scriptures read on continuously without punctuation, there is no Teason why we should abide by it in this case. I am, Sir, &c.;, T. J. AMES. 