THE TIN CAN BE LIGIO US SECESSION. [From the Fiji correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald.] Levuka, May 21. The chief topic of interest in town is the news from Tonga, brought over by the steamship Southern Cross. The tiny kingdom, being a near neighbour of our own, has always a place in our attention when anything out of the way is going on there, and the painful events of the past two or three months have, I know, such interest for a large class among your readers that I have been careful to collect and collate information from various sources. THE DEPUTATION FROM THE GENERAL CONFERENCE. I have selected a few cases, and shall only state what are undoubted facts. The agent, captain, and officers of the Union steamship Southern Cross rejoice in having had a fine trip with the unusual circumstance of a fair wind to Tonga, as well as the expected fair wind back. The distance is about 200 miles from the outer > reef of the Fiji group to Tongatabu, or 400 miles from Levuka to Nukualofa. A smart steamer could do it in a day and a half, but the little rolling, tumbling Southern Cross took longer. The deputation from the Wesleyan General Conference, consisting of the Revs. John Watsford, Frederick Langham, and W. T. R alone, were the principal passengers, they having, in fact, chartered the vessel specially for the trip. On their arrival at the little city of Nukualofa they paid a formal visit to the hon, and rev. the Premier, and then took up their abode in the beautiful dwelling of the Rev. James Egan Moulton, the scholarly chairman of the mission. But the King of Tonga was at Vavau, a day's steaming from Nukualofa and so the party, joined by that honourable and reverend gentleman the Premier, voyaged further to interview his Majesty. It is said that the Illustrisaimo, that most potent, grave, and reverend Seignior, received the delegates that night, and in silence. Though all personally known to him, the ancient King behaved as though he know them not, and seemed terribly ill at ease until his Premier was got in to his assistance. The audience is supposed to have been brief, cold, and unsatisfactory. Eyes, ears, and tongues are always abnormally acute on these occasions, and the inference is drawn that King George did not receive the elders of the Church to which the country owes so much with that attention which would be expected from a European king, and would certainly be considered incumbent by the fine courtesies of a high Tongan chief. However, as your correspondent was, of course, not present at the audience, he can only tell what people say. A FORCIBLE SECESSION. The actual state of things to Liliput is, however, extremely distressing. Tho whole of the chiefs and people have seceded and joined the Free Church, with the exception of about 2,000. I do not mean to say, however, that the painful ness of the matter consists alone in this, for the fact is that " secession " is not the strictly accurate term for the movement and I have only adopted it because I see it generally accepted in the colonial papers nor is the name "Free Church " anything but a ridiculously inappropriate piece of nomenclature. The departure of the Tongans from their established ecclesiastical mother to the new invention of their Premier has been a forced one, and attended with the most disgraceful compulsion. The name adopted by the promoters for the new movement is " Jiajs fountains," which means Free Church that applied by the same to the Wesleyan (or Uosi hand, as heretofore known throughout Tonga) is Jiaji Fakaogo, "Hearing Church," really " the Church that has to wait to hear from superiors elsewhere." Into this Free Church the King has been made to determine by his Premier, an English subject, that all his people shall go. They are invited to do so as they love the King, and when the bands of love fail in their gentle constraint, firmer measures are then resorted to. The motto of the Free Kirk in Tonga, as set forth by its practice, would seem to be " No com- pulsion, only you must." I will illustrate this by a few undisputed cases, and by some others the accuracy of which I have reason to doubt. People were deported to an uninhabited island where there are not only, but no other food, and a scarcity of water. A native minister was amongst the exiles, and remained there with his flock. When the King's letter came to the chief of the district, that personage informed his people that those who turned to the Free Church should remain in their villages, those who declined should adopt this Robinson Crusoe life. To the worst part of the island were they to go said the letter of the King-and if they trespassed on any other part they should be further punished for at one part of the area there were some cocoanuts to sustain life with. Their own church was then taken forcible possession of for the use of the new ecclesiastical division. A Toogan well described how the women were treated when the royal missive came. Three were brought before their chief. " Will you turn on not j in the Free Church or go to the island ?" " I will go to the island," said. one. "I'll go," said the next interrogated and " I'll go, He," said the third. One started on the day fixed for the deportation, but her friends set upon her and beat her till she recanted, and agreed to join the Free Church. The other two went down to the boat and were taken by an old relative of the King's to the steep end of the island, where the waves were breaking dangerously on the steep, sheer rocks. "Jump in there, and make for the island," said the humane old Toogan gentleman. But the poor creatures shrank from the test, and said they would go back and enter the Free Church ; better that than drowning. On the island itself were no houses. The women were unmarried, one but a school girl. Curiously enough, the one who, on being beaten, said she would enter the new ford, did not carry out her promise. Her brother, therefore, went into the native minister's house, where service was going on, and seizing her by the hair, dragged her out PERSECUTION OF THE FAITHFUL. At other places one man had his plant- ing land, on which he depended for his food, taken from him. A speech was made by a governor that awed his subjects hearts. Abuse was heaped on the Wesleyans. "Were," he said, "it the old days, he would back us up with an axe and play ball with our nobs and he also spoke about breaking the limbs of the older people that clung to their old church. " The people were then and there commanded to vote, and to swear that they would enter the Free Church, otherwise evil would come upon them that day. " All wept, both small and great. The wedding was terrible which the men and women made through the com- pulsion which carried them unwillingly to the new religion. ? . They still join in in heart, some chiefs and many people. I am certain that were it allowed for both religions to stand in this land, there would I not be a single person in the new church. But the misfortune has been the great persecution that has taken place." People were banished from their homes after putting the question, "Do you love King George or Mr. Moulton ?" and receiving the answer, " Great is our love to the King, but we cannot go to the other Mr." At another part of the group a blooded native minister of the New Free Church, in his sermon, delivered himself of this fine evangelical utterance The King ! The King is coming to hang all belonging to the Wesleyan Church ; their tongues shall hang out of their mouths, and shall be dried in the sun." FORCIBLE SEIZURE OF CHURCHES. Forcible seizure was made of the churches in Haabai for the use of the Free Church, and the Wesleyans were ejected, though legally the sites and buildings are the property of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church. Scarcely any adherents of the Wesleyan Church remain in the Haabai group, all have gone into the embrace of the Free Church. A catechist here was maj treated, and a cord put round his neck three times in succession, which he only released himself from by vigorous struggles. Writing to a native minister, he concluded his letter by saying, "Don't be greatly pained in this matter. I am joyful in remembering that at the list every man will be rewarded for his work. I do not know what more may be done unto me, but I am ready to die, if needs be this night." Chiefs holding important dignities have been deposed by the Premier himself. At the funeral of the Crown Prince of then, Wesleyans were ordered out of the procession. A grandson of the King's, who was following his rela- tives remains, was accosted, and he (being of the proscribed Church) ordered to fall out" and stand aside. " A pretty thing," said the young noble with flashing eyes, " that he, a foreigner, should prevent na chiefs from following our own dead to the grave." Since penning all the foregoing another instance has come to my knowledge of the mild persuasive measures employed by the singularly well-named "Free Church" to recruit its numbers. Seven women were put on an uninhabited island, and left there for 21 days. At the end of this a number of Tongan follows went over to see them and urge them to secede They did not succeed in their mission, but succeeded, however, in eating up the food which a kind hearted Wesleyan missionary had taken over to the island for the sustenance of the poor female Crusoes. At Nukualofa, on Tongatabu, the persecu- tion had not actually commenced, but throats are very rife, and the strain is tense. The king's own most venerable and glorious Majesty, " as of the sun in its strength," to quote the words applied to our James by the translators of the Bible, is shortly to appear in Tongatabu, accompanied by a very large body-guard, and innumerable company of beefeaters. Some Wesleyans are to be court martialled, the hundred students in Mr. Moulton's College are to be ordered out under pains and penalties, and a reign of terror is looked for. The Wesleyans have been holding night meetings (Bolous) and strengthening their hearts to endure. "We have shaken hands with death," said an aged native minister of most venerable appearance in a public address to the deputation, "and we are prepared for what may come, be it punishment, pain, or death. And when you hear what some of us shall have suffered on account of our religion, you will then understand us." FAILURE OF THE DEPUTATION. And so the ministers, who had gone as messengers from the Australasian Wesleyan Church, came away with sad hearts, feeling that so far as immediate effects could be seen, they had accomplished little. The king had refused to acknowledge that he had even heard the repeated request made to him by the deputation that the persecution of the poor people might stop. The Premier some time after said he would stop both chiefs and king from going further, and said this in a way that clearly admitted that he could have done it before had he wished to. But, although he most certainly know of some of the practices that had been resorted to, it could not be ascertained that he had moved a finger to prevent the abominable compulsion that was being resorted to-to force an unwilling people into a Free Church. So, also, with the Rev. J. B. Watkin, the ecclesiastical figure-head of the movement. His now Free Church received a large addition of preachers, office-bearers, and members ; but no single instance could be discovered by the charitably inclined of any church official or communi- cant being dealt with by church discipline for such dastardly cruel proceedings as have been engaged in by burning and shining lights in the new form of Tongan Christendom. And since I penned the foregoing, the Fiji Times has just come out with a letter from its Tonga correspondent, who, writing from Nukualofa, on 4th April, says that The king's messengers informed the people in different places that at the end of May the remaining Wesleyans are to be shot down like animals, their houses to be burnt their noses to be cut off, and themselves pitched into the sea." They have been officially informed that Hoabai is armed with needle-guns, and Vavau with rifles (old pattern) that their yards had been already given away', and whether they turned or not, the Haabai and Vavau people would come and dig them up, and take them away at the end of May A man was dragged out of his town by two policemen, who told him that the king had said the time was fast approach- ing when Mr. Moulton should be torn into shreds and cast into the sea. At another town a woman, a cripple, was violently thrown into the road, when she, praying for her mercy, consented to enter the Free Church. The same writer avows that a man was tied to a tree by a police- man, who proceeded to thrash him with a stick 2in. thick, but the man quickly forsook his religion. Mothers with suckling babes were kept in the scorching sun for over six hours, Some GO men, women, and children were chased out of a village for refusing to turn. They were kept in the heat of the sun from 8 am. till 3 p.m. without food, but on reaching the mission house their wants were at once attended to, " It was a pitiable spectable to see poor dear opie old men and little children trudging, along, tired and exhausted, hungry and anxious, and made one's blood angle." A WORTHY EXAMPLE. I am informed that several who have been forced from Wesleyanism have not joined any other church turned agnostics perhaps and that some have gone to the mother of us all-the holy Roman Catholic Church. Under her sheltering wings they have found peace, for the Protestant King George interferes not with those who worship with Rome, rather than with him- self-only with those who worship in Methodism, and not in his now Free Kirk. Certain traditional fears of French corvettes may probably make the ancient monarch chary of interfering with aught pertaining to a Marist Mission I cannot refrain from mentioning in this connection one noble trait in the chief priest of the Roman Catholic Church in Tonga. When a number of the Free-Church-compelled people came over to him in preference to joining Mr. Baker's new creation, the high- minded ecclesiastic' informed the refugees that he would receive them till the storm was overpast, but would not reckon them as adherents. When they felt more free to act, then they could join his church if they wished, or retire therefrom if they preferred to do so. In the mean- time he would not count them as bona-fide members of his flock. Such tardiness to proselytise and unwillingness to take advantage of men's extremities is a worthy example amongst churchmen, a credit to the liberality of the priest himself, as well as a conservation of the dignity of his church. THE TONGAN KING. _ And it may well be asked, after the citation of all the foregoing incidents " What is all this disagreeable stir about, and who are the leading personages concerned ?" I will give you a brief sketch of the position as it stands. First in rank, if not in power, stinds'old Tubou, whose real title was taken from one of our own Queen'S ancestors, the Hanoverian King George. He has been a warrior and a statesman in his time, and, with the assistance of the early missionaries, raised his people into a tiny nation, and gave them many admirable laws, with a few foolish ones. He is now very old, ' feeble in body, and not equal to Bismarck in strength of mind. The really charitable, as well as genuinely accurate way of accounting for his present actions is, that he is little better than automatic in these days, Tubou is a name to charm with still in Tonga ; but to gravely assume that the venerable monarch done anything important of his own volition in these latter days is to ex- cite laughter in the South Seas. THE MAYOR OF THE PALACE. Then there is the Premier, an ex Wesleyan minister, who still retains his title of "reverend," having added to its glory by the useful prefix of honourable. Mr Baker is a man of undoubted force of character and natural cleverness. Working in the name of Tubou, he has become sovereign in the Friendly Isles. Tubou would not do without him, nor be without Tubou. The secession move front has begun with him. It has had no religious origin, but purely a political one it has not commenced with the Ton gans themselves, nor originated with the now feeble mind of the poor old king. Mr. Baker started the idea. This caused consternation to the illustrious names like of our Hanoverian prince ; but his all compelling Premiers soon got his Majesty round into the right position. THE ECCLESIASTICAL HEAD. Next comes the Rev. Jabez Bunting Watkin, until lately one of the senior missionaries of the Wesleyan Church in Tonga. As it was essential that this movement should have a clerical hoad, Mr. Watkin was found ready to undertake this friendly office. From all responsibility in affairs of any weight, however, the general voice in Tonga absolves Mr. Watkin. Mr. Baker, who is a cheerful gentleman, will BmiHngly take upon his shoulders his confreres actions. THE CHAIRMAN OF THE WESLEYAN MISSION. Next comes the Rev. James Egan Moulton, chairman of the Wesleyan Mission in Tonga, and the principal object against whom this mighty movement with its persecuting of trees is directed - a scholarly man and high-minded ; one who has done a splendid service for the Tongan people in the education of their chiefs and native clergy. He is the antipodes of the Premier in more senses than one, but is no match for him ox cop t in Greek. Impulsive and short- sighted, he is over committing some indiscretion of act, or falling into some rashness of speech, which harms his cause, and plays directly into the waiting hands of his astute adversary. In cricket he would be always caught out, stop he never so vigorously. As a college tutor for Tongans he is unmatched ; as the head of the Wesleyan Church in Tonga he is unequal to the crisis No charge d'affaires in ho, though an enthusiastic teacher with many accomplish- ments. He is pugnacious without good weapons, and combative with an utter absence of science. A THOROUGH RELIGIOUS MUDDLE. Given then an automatic King, a virtually autocratic Premier, a faithful ecclesiastical follower, a not too discreet chairman of the mission, and a people in der almost slavish subservience to their chiefs, and you have all the elements of a thorough religious muddle at the present time. Old Church, Free Church, No Church, and the Papal Church, and all that is wanted to add to the soothing passions of the time is the advent of the Salvation Army, with "Whoop! here we are again!" and a glorious roll of kerosene tins. Tongans who have soon this invading force in New Zealand have longed to introduce it into their own friendly isles, and the military titles and tremendous demonstrations would take immensely with the bumptious and excitement loving Touguoso. The Premier fears the introduction of the " army. and proposes to put his foot down upon its first appearance. He trembles at the thought of it, and he trembles even more at the other ghost across his path, the High Commissioner. Thucoolostheadedman in Tonga at the present hurly-burly is Mr. Symond, H.B.M.'s Alco - Consul, who calmly watches the Premier on his course, and quietly takes down affidavits whenever people are ready to make them. It is hold that the forcible seizure of the Haabai churches and missionhousosis of itself sufficient to bring the Premier, who is a British subject, within the clauses of the Orders in Council," and that in his course altogether he is treading like the wild chamois in slippery places. The Wesleyan loaders are, however, very loth to invoke the civil arm and the quiet firmness of a man of-war. WHAT WILL IT LEAD TO ? As to what all this may lead to eventually it will be interesting to see. It was Coleridge, I think, who said that there was nothing so effectual for church purposes as persecution, if it were only completely carried out. Whether King George will be in more successful than was Earl Strafford in a policy of " thorough " remains to be seen in the meanwhile the spectacle is interesting. As to its future one can only reason from the past-the Reformation and grand historic Free Church movements, headed by monks like Luther and Presbyterians such as Chalmers. And certainly as regards the Jiaji Tauatania of Tonga, when I consider its origin, motives, and modes I can only say that if it does become a brilliant success, then we shall want more than a revised Bible we shall also require a revised ecclesiastical history. At present the state of Tonga is bad, the people angry and factious, insulting one another or burning with irri- tition at the way in which they have been verified by the neck and shoved into a Free Kirk. A violent spirit is being aroused, and a bigger devil lot house than the Premier will be able to tie up again. There are men of koo i observation, not churchmen at all, who consider the latest policy of Mr. Baker to be mistaken and suicidal and there are men of mature judgment in the church and out of it who fear serious discord, and even bloodshed, as the outcome of all this disturbance. 