TREMAINE'S WIFE. A GHOST STORY. BY E. SPENDER, Author of "Bestored," " True Marriage," &c.; I am the incumbent of a suburban parish'in Ihe east of London. The majority of my parishioners are clerks in City warehouses, iwho go into town every morning by train or omnibus. The leading man in the place is a candle manufacturer, who has his villa here, and his " works" nearer London. There are several well-to-do tradesmen, a tolerably hriving population of working men, and a substratum of the very poor. We can boast two or three streets of shops of various degrees, from those with plate-glass windows down to the ground, and " young ladies" to wait upon you, to the shops which encumber .their doorways with secondhand clothing or obstruct the pavement with cheap ironmongery. Rows of little stuccoed houses, each exactly like the other, stretch away into what was once the country. Speculative builders are always nibbling away at the green fields, and one can never get quit of scaffolding, heaps of damp mortar and yellow bricks, and boards with the ominous notice, »»This land to be let for building." My living is a small one, and I have no •private means. For three years I have been engaged to be married to the most charming girl in the world, who is. as poor as myself. Consequently I have every motive for economy, and I try to get my annual holiday (a hard-worked parson in an East- End parish really does require a holiday once a year) with as little expenditure of money as possible. One September, a few years ago, I thought I would be more extravagant than usual, and iwould attend the meetings of the Church Congress. I was craving for a little more cultivated and congenial society than I could get in my very commercial parish. And as the Church Congress that year was to be held in Bath, I thought my eyes, weary of hideous fcrick'and mortar, would be refreshed by Beeing the beautiful old city, its grey stone lowers and spires, and terraces set amongst the emerald woods and meadows of the fair yrest country. As I had hoped, I met several old friends at the Congress. Amongst them there was one I had not expected to Bee; so many years had passed since our last meeting that 1 had almost forgotten his existence. This was Richard Tremaine, once my intimate friend at Oxford, whose rooms had been on the same staircase as mine at Oriel, bnt who was now Vicar of St. Servan's, in the southwest of Cornwall. My attention was first drawn to him at one Of the meetings by the demonstrative way in icrhich he was cheering and hooting the Bpeakers, according to the degree in which they expressed his views or the reverse jf.ilro a good many other of the parsons from remote country districts, he almost loBt his head; so excited were they by the unusual amount of society they were enjoying, not to mention the party spirit which was raging, and which made most of them as happy as Pat at Donnybrook fair. I looked hard at my noisy neighbour, and at once recognised him, in spite of the wrinkles in his face and grey hairs on his head, which made him look a good ten years older than I knew his real age to be. When he had calmed down a little I noticed that he had a sad and harassed expression, which told me that my old chum had not lived an untroubled life Bince I had seen him last. As soon as the meeting was over I tapped the Rev. Richard Tremaine on the shoulder. .His pleasure at seeing me again was very flattering, and he made many kindly enquiries after all my affairs and belongings. I wished to be equally friendly, bnt for the life of me could not remember whether he iras carried or single. " I hope Mrs. Tremaine"—I began hesitatingly, having a misty recollection that somebody at some time or Other had told me there was such a person. Tremaine looked down, with a sudden, Sombre change of expression. "Mrs. Tremaine died two years ago," he answered abruptly. "I am a widower, without chick pr child." I was dreadfully taken aback. "I beg your pardon, I am very sorry—it is so many years since we have met," I said, looking very awkward, no doubt. " Of course, of course," was his hurried answer. " What did you think of the Bishop's speech to-day? Very poor, I thought it, very poor." 1 was thankful to change the subject, and iwe two parsons palled to pieces to oar hearts' content the Bishop who had taken the chair that morning. "What an idiotic fuss they are making about the deceased wife's sister," I went on presently." "It is a subject in which I cannot take the smallest interest, on one side or the other." (N.B.—My Jianc6e is an only child.) I seemed doomed that day to make unlucky speeches. " You are right, you are right," he replied, but he looked unaccountably worried and annoyed. "It|is a disgusting subject; let us leave it alone." Was it possible, thought I, that the Vicar Of St. Servan's wanted to marry his deceased wife's sister? But why—in that case—why an the world did he call her a disgusting sal) 5ect? _ We dined together that evening, and the time passed pleasantly enough. I was careful to make no further allusion to wives, deceased or otherwise. We talked of old college days, and then of our respective parishes. Tremaine described to me St. Servan's, which appeared to me to be a most wild and desolate spot on the coast of Cornwall, with barely a hundred inhabitants, few small farmers, a few fishermen, a few acres of cultivated ground, the rest moorland cliff and sandy shore. Now it was the month of September, and everybody who could afford it was travelling. I had not seen the Bea, except at cockneyfied Eamsgate, or some such place, for many a year. A craving awoke in me for that wild and rocky coast of the far west, and the long swell of the Atlantic. Somehow I found out that Tremaine had an equal longing for 'a visit to London. He had no relatives there to offer him hospitality. London lodgings were dirty he thought. London hotels were dear, and, like myself, he was anything but a rich man. Even an unfashionable suburb in September, when " society" was away, had its charms for a man who had not walked down the Strand for half a dozen years. Before we parted that night the matter was settled. We were here together in Bath, each on the road to the place where he desired to be. Nothing could be better. The Churdh Congress would come to an end tomorrow, and the day after we would exchance parishes for a fortnight. Little did I imagine what an " uncanny sort of holiday that was to be to me ! As we shook hands in parting, I thought I noticed my friend looked a little odd. There was a shade of doubt and discomfort in his face. "I suppose it will be all right," he said, hesitatingly. " Mrs. Rush, my housebeeper, will not make any objection, I should think. It surely can be managed; I may trust her." "My dear Tremaine,don't let her make any fuss about me. I am the most easily contented fellow. I shall be out of doors, out of her way, all day long." " Yea, yes, no doubt you wilL I am sure it will be all right" But still he looked anxious and worried. Mrs. Rush mast rule liim with a rod of iron, thought I. " However, the plan is too delightful to be given up now. I won't spoil your holiday. No, no; iwe must trust for the best. Good night, ftmith, my dear fellow." Smith was my unromantic name—the Rev. "John Smith—an East-End incumbent, up to the eyes in parish work, Sunday-schools, clothing clubs, penny readings; * a busy, matter-of-fact man of five-and-thirty. Can you imagine a less likely subject for a ghostly adventure ? Two evenings after, I arrived at St. Servan's, driving in a hired trap from the nearest railway station, many mileB away. It had been a gloomy day; the sky was one impenetrable mass of lowering clouds. As I neared the ccast the mi6t grew thicker, and when I arrived at my destination I could see but little. The last mile or two had been over a moorland bill, where sheep grazed on the short turf. The rough, unfenced road descended abruirtly upon a waste of sand. On my right hand a narrow valley ran inland, with some signs of cultivation; a farmhouse or two stood cm on tret stubble fields and a few cks'.trs of stunted trees. On my left hand I raw loose sand drifted into little hillocks, ti:?lB of wiry grass, rids^s of dry voetl, n: x* more sand, at last the SIM, <ie..,l c^Ln aLd Waden hued, washing up io a few lazy rii<!''<s; then fog, which blotted out all iu.rizon. In front of me as I drove along the level sandy road there rose a low hill, steep and loiky on its eastward side, grassy ana sloping inland. At the foot of this hill stood the church. Surely the strangest place that ever church was built in! The churchyard was only just above high-water mark. It was raised a very little from the sandy shore, from which it was separated by a low wall. The church was long and low, with slated roof and granite mouldings to its windows. The tower of the church stood quite apart, some yards away, and was built close against the side of the cliff, which rose immediately above it. I cannot describe to you how sombre and desolate the place appeared to me in the twilight—the strange church in the shadow of the hill, the wastes of sand, the almost invisible sea breaking with a sigh on the lonely shore. We drove a few yards further, and mv driver pulled up at a little broken gate. " Here you are, sir, this is the vicarage.' A grey stone house with slated roof and casement windows. There was a great bush of escalonia, with its shining evergreen leaves and crimson blossoms, and one or two luxuriant fuchsias in the garden ; but everything looked uncared for—the grass grew long and rank, and weeds choked the flower- beds. Not a light gleamed from any window, and I knocked and rang again and again at the shabby front door. . . . , r At last it was opened with a rattle of chains and bolts. There appeared a short, stout, elderly woman, in a black stuff gown and portentous-looking black lace .cap, with nodding black flowers, which made me think of a horse in a funeral coach. I thought the housekeeper's face—not an uncomely oneboded me no goodwill. "Oh, it's the parson gentleman that master wrote about, I suppose. Please to walk in, sir; I'll do my best to make you comfortable, but master has given us very short notice, and we arn't much used to visitors here." I followed the housekeeper into what I supposed was an entrance hall. It seemed pitch dark indoors, and presently I stumbled down an unexpected step, and jarred my nerves all over. I was not accustomed to having nerves, but what with being tired and hungry after my long journey, and what with finding the place so gloomy, and myself evidently so unwelcome, I felt thoroughly depressed. However, things seemed a little more cheerful presently, when a lamp had been lighted in the dining-room, and I had had some hot coffee and a mutton chop. So far as I could judge, in rather a dim light, I was in a well-furnished room. The chairs were of mahogany, of genuine lastcentury work. There was a charming old sideboard with brass handles, and there were some blue Nankin jars on the lofty stone chimneypiece. On a Bide table were a few magazines and newspapers, and amongst them I found the last new Contemporary, which I had not yet seen. " Come," thought I, "this will pass away the evening. Tomorrow I daresay it will be fine weather, and hing will seem brighter." ently Mrs. Rush put her head in at the door. "Do you want anything more to-night, if you please, sir? because me and my daughter are going to bednow. We have shut np the hoase, and I have lighted a fire in your bedroom, sir, as I thought it seemed a bit damp with the fog to-night." "Going to bed already !" thought I, for it was only half-past 8, " Well, they do keep early hours in this part of the country !" In a little while my attention began to wander from my book, and the same chilly sensation of discomfort, which. I had felt on first entering the house, came creeping over me again. The intense stillness all around dismayed me, accustomed as I w ftS to the roar of London streets. I eat listening to the silence, as some country dweller might listen to a noise which harassed him. Then, far away in some unknown region of the house, a clock began to strike. Very slowly, with a deep and solemn sound that was like the tolling of a church bell, it struck the hour of 10. Only 10! and everybody m the place appeared to be asleep. How strangely alone I felt—something as a prisoner feels the first night of solitaiy confinement. And what a bad light the lamp gave; half the room was in shadow. Why bad not that churlish Mrs. Rush lighted a fire in that black, empty, yawning grate? Happy thought! there was a fire in my bedroom, and to that I would go. In another minute I had lighted my candle, in its quaint old silver candlestick, extinguished the sulky smoking lamp, and ascended the dark staircase to my room. Here a bright fire of coal and wood and sweet-smelling peat was blazing. The ruddy light danced on the flowered chintz curtains of the window, and of the old-fashioned four- Dost bed, and on the china and white marble of the washing-stand. "This is something like comfort at last," thought I, as I drew an armchair in front of the fire. I lighted the two candles which stood on the dressing table, and passed away an hour or two in reading. ' Then beginning to feel a little weary, I laid aside my book, and leisurely undressed. Determined to give the room as cheerful a look as possible, I piled on coal and wood, and made np a brilliant fire, then putting out my candles, I got into bed. As soon as 1 laid my head down on the pQ low all desire for sleep left me. "That coffee was rather strong," 1 said to myself. However, I lay very comfortably, with my eyes wide open, storing at the tire, which burned as brightly as a lamp. I am ready to take an oath in a Court of Law, that I was as wide awake as I am at this moment, when presently I heard stealthy, creeping sound outside the door, had just time to think of rats when the handle turned very gently and the door slowly opened. I started up in bed and sat Staring with fascinated eyes, wondering what was coming next. It came—the figure of a tall and slender woman, in loose flowing white raiment; it came slowly across the room and stood at the foot of my bed. In the bright firelight I saw her face as clearly as I see this pen with which I am writing. It was youthful, but very pale and worn, with regular, delicate features. She did not look towards me, but seemed gazing at something far away. Never shall I forget the unfathomable woe in her dark eyes, the passionate yearning and reproach! She clasped her thin hands together and wrung them slowly, but she never spoke. I was so confounded by this apparition that fcr a minute I could neither move nor speak. At last, with a desperate effort, cried out, " Who are you ? What do you want?" Then the figure turned and moved away, still wringing her hands together, but without a sound she passed out of the room. The moment the woman, the phantom, whatever the thing was, had disappeared I recovered my presence of mind. 1 sprau; out of bed, lighted a candle, then flingiug my dressing-gown around me rushed out upon the landing. It is almost needless to add that nothing was to be seen. All was darkness and silence. " I will find yon out, whoever you are, with your villanous practical jokes !" I shouted in the most defiant voice I could call up for the occasion. I threw open, one after another, the various doors whicb opened on the landing-place. I could dis cover nothing but dark empty tooms, or a cupboard full of linen, or housemaids' brooms ana brushes. Baffled, angry, shivering with cold, and with a feeling I did not try to define, I returned to my room, locked the door, and betook myself once more to bed. But hours passed before I could sleep. I tossed restlessly from side to side, hearing the far away clock solemnly toll the hours. When I awoke, late on the following morning, the sun was shining faintly into the room. " Thank heaven !" I cried, " the night has passed, and all its absurd imaginations." Yet I knew well that what I had seen was no imagination. As Mrs. Rush entered the dining-room with my breakfast of coffee and rasher of ham I fancied that she gave me an odd scrutinizing glance. She paused a moment as she was going out ana said, "I hope you slept well last night, sir, and found the room comfortable ?" " Indeed I did not sleep well," I answered in an aggrieved tone; I was very much disturbed." Mrs. Rush did not look surprised. "All, indeed, sir," and she gave a sigh (or was it sneer ?) " You are not the first who has been disturbed in that room, and it's the best room in the house, too; but master will never sleep in it. Mr.s. Tremaine died there. /" she added in a low voice, with what I thought was a dreadful emphasis. I am almost ashamed to confess it, but a licrrid cold ehill ran down my back. Before I could think of what to say the housekeeper had left the room. it occurred to me, as I was eating my breakfast with rather a spoiled appetite, " Of course Mrs. Rush is not the only servant in the house. Very likely there is another woman, and she is given to sleep-walking. This would easily explain the mystery." I was soon able to settle that matter. When I had finished breakfast, I rang the bell, and there entered a tidy-looking girl, short and stout, and rosy-cheeked, no more like last night's ghost apparition than Mrs. Rush herself. "What is your name, my good girl ?" I asked, with my Sunday-school catechising air. " Emmelinda Rush, if you please, sir, with a curtsey. Heavens, what an anti-climax of a name : The grandeur with which it began, and the abrupt full stop to which it came. " I suppose you are Mrs. Rush's daughter? ' " Yes, please, si/." another curt A:.'' .-i:: i - ii -iiid jour mother the only &ti;\ants here?" " Yes, please, sir. except Thomas as looks after the garden and the i-.ow ; but he don't live in the house, sir." If Thomas did not look after the cow a little better than he did after the garden, judging by the weocls, I sincerely pitied the pour beast. " Then there is nobody else in the house but you and Mrs Rush ?" I thought the girl looked rather scared as I persisted. She began twisting the corner of tier apron in her fingers. " There's me and mother, sir, and master when he's at home." It was useless to press her further. If there were any other inmate of the house she probably bad orders to conceal the fact. Oo the whole, I came to the conclusion that she was not really hiding anvthing from me. but was merely shy and confused at my questioning hei, as any country girl might be, I left the house and went towards the seashore. Although the sun was shining the fog had not wholly cleared. One could see only a few ripples of calm water on the sands; beyond, the mist hung like a gauzy veil. The air was perfectly motionless, and the dim and breathless heat was stifling. I came to the strange old church on the sand, with its tower seemingly growing out of the cliff. I went into the churchyard; there was no gate, but the entrance was defended from cattle by a row of stones, set on end, a little way apart, like steppingstones in a brook. The grass grew rank and tall about the mounds which marked the graves of the poor ; there were a few headstones, and one white marble cross. On this cross were the words, " Sacred to the memory of Constance, wife of the Rev.^ Richard Tremaine, vicar of this parish." Then followed the date of her death and her age, 27; and a few pathetic words of Holy Writ. , I stayed amongst the graves a little while, thinking of my old friend, and wondering what coidd be the story—sad and strange as I felt sure it was—of his married life. Afterwards I ascended the cliff above the church. Little prospect was to be seen to-day. Iulaud I could just distinguish the farms and clustering trees I liad seen last evening ; the low hills above them looked dim and far away. Seaward all was haze, and I saw the faint vision of a large steamer hanging as it seemed in the sky. I returned to the vicarage, and as I could see so little out of doors, determined to amuse myself by ransacking Tremaine's excellent library, l opened a door in the hall, opposite to that of the dining-room, expecting to find myself in the vicar's study. But apparently it was the drawing-room of the iioase. There were sofas and chairs muffled with brown liolland, and a piano in one corner. In the bow window there appeared to be a lady's work-table. I was about to close the door again when something seemed to draw my eyes to the mantelpiece. Above it hung the portrait of a lady. I gazed at it—and, behold 1 there was the same face, not so pale and wan perhaps, but still the same face that I had seen at the foot of my bed last night. There were the same delicate features, the same dark hair, and the same dark wistful eyes. A slight sound behind me made me start. I turned, and there was the housekeeper at my elbow. "Oh—ab—Mrs. Rush," I said confusedly, I came in here to get a book; I thought it was Mr. Tremaine's study. Ah, can you tell me—whose portrait is that ?" ," That, sir," answered Mrs. Rush, in a low impressive tone," is Mrs. Tremaine, the vicar's late wife." " I knew it," I said to myself. " Ah, indeed. And when did Mrs. Tremaine die ?" ** She died about two years ago, sir." " And was she ill long ?" I hardly knew what I was saying, so desperately eager was I to learn more about this mysterious lady, and I fancied Mrs. Rush was reluctant to &DBw;$r me* "No, sir, she died very sudden." The housekeeper's voice here almost sank to a whisper, " Some people think there ought to haveocen a Coroner's inquest," and with that, as if determined to say no more, she abruptly left the room. I stood still a moment, as if my blood were freezing—then I turned and bolted out of the drawing-room. Mrs. Rush, in passing along the hall, threw open another door, and saying "Here is master's study, sir," she appeared into her own regions. I took down book after book from the vicar's well-filled library shelves, but I found it impossible to fix my thoughts upon any one of them. My mind was in a whirl with vague but dreadful suspicions. "Am I going mad ?" I wondered. " What does that old woman mean by her ghastly hints? and how can I explain the positive fact that I saw that dead woman's living image in my room last night ?" I heartily regretted ever having come to St. Servan's. The air seemed thick with sinister suggestions. I was mentally as well as physically in a stifling fog, and it added to my depression that the mist had now come rolling np from the sea in denser volumes than ever, obscuring the sun and all prospect from the window. There was not sound to be heard, except every minute or so the dismal moaning of a fog-horn, which I supposed came from the large steamer I had glimpsed that morning. After lunch, there was a ring at the frontdoor bell, and I was thankful to hear a man's voice enquiring for " the gentleman who was stopping at the vicarage." The visitor proved to be a farmer, a handsome darkeyed, rather foreign-looking man. They say there is Spanish blood in the veins of some of the people in that part of Cornwall, a legacy of old Armada days. He was the churchwarden, and he wanted to see me about some small parish matter. After a few minutes of brisk, business-like masculine society, I felt another man myself. " Poor Mr. Tremaine I" said the farmer as he rose to go, "I am glad he has got a bit of a holiday. 'Tis a wisht sort of life for him here, sure enough. He has never been the same man since his wife died, and all the rest of his trouble." " Can you teli me," I said, my heart beat ing a little quickly—was there anything— anything strange about Mrs. Tremaine's death?" " Well, they do say it was not all quite right. Something not just straightforward about it, you know. But Lord bless you, sir, I don't believe a word of it, not I." "What do they say?'' I asked breath lessly. " Well, you must please excuse me saying anything more, sir. I am not one that likes to take away a gentleman's character. 'Tis nothing but idle tales, depend upon it." " Of course," I feebly acquiesced. " You are perfectly right not to repeat gossip." Bnt when the farmer had departed I did not feel that his visit had done me much good. When Mrs, Rush, as was her custom, came into the dining-room that evening to ask me if I wanted anything more before she went to bed she 6aid in a very mysterious voice, just as she was turning to leave the room again—" Excuse me mentioning it, sir, but if I was you I would lock my bedroom door to-night." "I intended to," was my rcijly, "but what do you mean ?" I was too late ; Mrs. Rush had departed without waiting for my answer. I passed a night of sweetest sleep, thoroughly tired out was I, undisturbed by ghostly sights or sounds. On the following day the weather was brilliant, and gladly turning my back for a few hours on illomened St. Servan's I took a long tramp over the cliffis. A few miles brought me to some of thegrandest coast scenery of Cornwall, and during the next ten days I often revelled in the beauties of Mullion and Kynance, and once or twice I rambled as far as the Lizard. Nothing further had occurred at the vicarage to annoy me, and I was beginning to laugh at my past discomforts as all imaginary— when one night in the second week of_ my visit something happened which determined me to leave St. Servan's on the following morning. It was full moon, the harvest moon. From the window of my study, as I sat reading, I saw a glimpse of silvery sea. Mrs. Rush had not yet barred up the house, according to her absurd custom in the early evening. I lowered the study lamp, took my hat from the stand in the hall, and went out of doors. Earth and air and ocean seemed all a flood of molten silver. The sea was ebbing softly, little ripples sparkled and flashed, as if with electric brilliance, and a long stretch of wet saod gleamed beneath the moon. I stood and watched the lovely scene for some halfhour, listening to the murmur of the waves washing on the sands and round the rocky cliffs. When I returned to the vicarage I had to pass the church, which lay in deepest shadow at the foot of the cliff. Something as I went round the churchyard wall made me raise my eyes, and there once more I saw her—Tremaine's dead wife. The moonlight fell full upon her, and a black shadow lav behind her. She looked like a figure of whitest marble. Her folded arms rested on the churchyard wall, and her feet stood amongst the graves. The corpselike face, with the eyes of unutterable anguish, was the face I had seen that night in my room, and was also the face—only seen, so it seemed, after death—whose portrait hung in the vicar's drawing-room. I was so absolutely appalled that I can scarcely tell what I did. I think I gave a wild cry—" Great Heavens, who is it?"—and then the "ision was gone. I know not how or where. My mind was made up. I would leave St. Servan's on the following morning. The whole thing was odious ; 1 despised myself for beirg frightened, but frightened I undoubtedly was. At the same time I was iucjiced to believe some one was playing a stupid trick upon me, and I was irritated bv not being able to discover it, or any natural cause for the strange appearance I had twice M-itnessed. I would leave to-morrow, and I would not see Tremaine attain. My dignity was rul-lled by what had happened to me in his house : and moreover, I could not get rid of a hateful suspicion respecting Trem line's conduct to his dead wife. I packed all my belongings that night, and next morning I set off from St. Servan's with infinite relief. I got a man from the village to carry my portmanteau, and we walked a few miles to meet the little country omnibus which ran to Peuzance, and at that place 1 spent the few days which remained of my holiday. I arrived home on Saturday night, having thus escaped meeting the Vicar of St. Servan's. Only a brief note on each side, of thanks for hospitality, was exchanged between us, and for six months I heard nothing more of Richard Tremaine. In my busy, matter-offact London life, I had almost forgotten my weird adventure in the wilds of Cornwall, when one day I received the following astounding letter from my old college friend:— " St. Servan's, March 15. " My dear Smith—I feel I ought not to explain some circumstances which might have seemed strange to you when you were staying at my house last September. It is very good of you never to have questioned me about the matter, and, indeed, until a few weeks ago I should have shrunk from replying, if you had. It is still a painful task to write about it. " To begin with, 1 have never yet spoken to you about my married life. It was brief, but never, I think, since the world began could there have been a happier one. My dear wife suffered from an obscure form of heart disease, and her death was terribly sudden. It caused a good deal of talk in the parish, and much blame was by some people throw n upon the doctor who attended her. I wish to mention this matter, as you may have heard some gossip about it when you were at St. Servan's. To the best of my belief there is no foundation for the charge. 1 have always found the medical man in question—I need not mention his name— most skilful and attentive to his patients. Still, the idea that he might possibly have mismanaged my wife's case has added another pang to my many sorrows. "Now to come to the immediate object of my letter. My wife had a twin sister named Marian. There was a striking resemblance between them, and they were deeply attached to each other. About a year before my wife's death (it undoubtedly hastened her end) her unfortunate sister became insane. She was not in the least violent, you must understand, she just sank into a quiet, hopeless melancholy. My wife could not bear the idea of her sister being sent to an asylum, and there seemed no reason why we should not take charge of her ourselves. Our house was a large one, the place extremely secluded, and our housekeeper, Mrs. Rush, who had been an old servant in my wife s family, quite idolized poor Marian. So at the vicarage she remained. A few people might be aware that she was there, bnt as she could never be persuaded to leave the house in the daylight, I believe you might have lived for years in the parish and not know she was an inmate of the vicarage. " When you and I met that day in Bath and decided to exchange parishes for a fortnight, I own I was a little uneasy at the thought of your being in the same house with a lunatic, gentle and harmless creature though she was. But I decided not to tell yoo. I had such perfect confidence in Mrs. Rush's good management, and that she would be able to keep Marian out of your way. However, I found on my return home that the housekeeper was very angry at my allowing a stranger to stay at the vicarage. Marian, though she never would leave her room in the daytime, had rather a fancy for wandering about in the dark; sometimes she contrived to elude Mrs. Rush's vigilance and walked out alone in the garden or on the sands. But she had sense enough always to retnrn to the house in a little while. Mrs. Rush suspected you had once encountered the poor girl, and that you took her for a ghost! The housekeeper was willing to encourage the idea, hoping you might be frightened out of the place. Pray forgive her ; the old woman's churlishness was due simply to her love for her unhappy charge. '* And now I have only to add this. Our poor Marian was released from her sad bondage three weeks ago. She died very peacefully, and she is buried beside her twin sister. The last earthly tie between me and my dead wife is broken. Will you come to St. Servan's vicarage again, and stay with a lonely man ?—Your sincere friend, "RICHARD TREMAINE." One word more and my story « ended. Full of pity and remorse that one unjust suspicion of a sorely tried man had ever entered my mind, I went down to St. Servan's not long afterwards, and was warmly welcomed by my old friend. And when my marriageday arrives, as I have every reason to hope it "will this year, Richard Tremaine has promised to be my executioner. 