arth I t aell at u from tile wrind..w, at which lie it, d *4* with folled arni and darkened brow, dartle one quick, flishing glaneo at the quie, averted fnce. SOhi, hMis u MnIldon, the oor uinfrrinnate \- - o-- youg 1n1tl has met with arrnou Iraduifull enri, ., ' " ansure ! .My oplniin is that he fell over (he cliff lhy.aecclint. Walking al.out by (CONTINUED.) himself oni soireulfully dairk t night, and so unacquainted as he wai with tile locality, "Are you mad, Florence "' Harold sald I think it was a very natural, though, of holding her chilly, nerreless hanjs :iI his,' c.ur5., fearful, thing to lI:prpeli.". and watching intently the changing expres- ' As his ister quitted the' omm, withl a slon as best the faint stars reveled It. good-tempered tliouh snomewhat slgnifecant "You who urged me to the first step in laugh, air Ctarthornr asked abruptly, " Have the matter i who took the lead, anI coum. yOu hear l that unfortunate young man'r pelled me to follow ; who devised anld name, Miss Maldon ?" carried it out as no other girl would have " lIe passed it the village au larold dared to think of doing" (in accent. of Cc"y." warm admiration); " and then coming to " You say pased; do you suppose it was England, and obtaining admittance Into the an aliUar' enemy's camp, thereby gaining the neces.- I cannot say." sary information and knowledge, without " I)ou't you consider It strange that no whid:h we could have done nothing. You sirgle friend or relative should have come who planned and arranged in perfection each forward to make Inquiries about him or' his detail, and in each letter and word urged me fate-a-trarige that any human being should oil and orr, insisting upon actiou, pro. pass from the world so quietly, leaving be phccying success ; you now-now that your hind him not eveu a blank t own handiwork bids fair to triumph, and " Ha he passed fronl the world " she mine ard your toll, and palns, and waiting, cried witily, losing caution ant, menory Its drew nearer their grand reward than I have the moment's pain. ",Mr. Cesthorn, is dared ever even to 'hope-lose courage and khere no hope, no charlre, that I may--that reason at one stroke ! Who can undersland he may be seen again ?" a woman?" " , canrtanowerlhat questlion," he saii, . won i . grvely. " rime alone will reply to it." Ah i who Indeedf She bowed her hed. In silence, struggling Florence stood silent under the reproach for selifcommand --truggllng to repress the ful, impetuous words, trying to force her hysterical tearn, so hard to keep back | and unwilling lips to make the wished for reply ; so intently he watched her, letting his dark, but before one syllable was formed, there passionate gase dwell and feed upon the fell on her car a faint sound, and she started fair, sad beauty of the face he loved so and turned eagerly, madly-gazed until human cravings and " Did anyone pass us Harold ? I fancied human passion broke their iron honds, and I heard a footstep." with two hasty strides he was beside her, " I don't exactly know," he returned, holding her in his strong, tender arms glancing slowly around. " almost imagined pressing her sobbing, breaking heart close there wis a quick, light step, but it is much to his own, warmly, wildly throbbing. Just too dark to see anyone, and it would only be for a moment she suffered his embrace, some belated fisherman hurrying past this then drew herself away, nd'l. noved swiftly dreaded coriser," he added, laughing. Then, to the door ; but he was quicker than she. serious again," Florence, be your own brave " You shall unswer me.one question before self before we part. Como what may, I go you go, Florence," he commanded hoarsely, on with this matter now. Let it be as I catching her two icy hannd as In i vice.. began, with your advice and assistance." " You loved ume once ; you love me now. "I must go back now," she replied, Though no word .of yours has told me the falterlngly," It i rowing late, and I am sweet truth, I know itt., My own heart reads bitterly cold." yours ; but- I will have: it now from your I I will walk with you as far as the gate, lips or eyes. Florence, you do love me ! dear, and you will meet me here at this Ah I could she say she-did not, yet, could time to-morrow, and bring your own true she own it even to herself, in face of that self, instead of this trembling, troubled form awful thing floating. how, as ever, before her I scarco can recognise.". reeling brain-that one word branded, as it She took his offered arm i then, with a snemed, in burning blood red letters upon her sudden backwnad movement, cried out very soul-murerer r sharpely " Harold, look I the ghost I" " What Is this thing that has come be High in the highest of the abbey's old tween us lately," passionately demanded the dilapidated windows shone a faint, bluish man, ! that makes you shrink from light-not struggling against the all-sur- my presence, and shuu my touch or rounding darkness-merely defining in look ? Whatever it be, give it a name, and gaunt,shadowy form, a man's figure leaning I swear to fight it-and conucri!" freom the ruined casement-a figure of more 1Her agony was pitiable to behold. Help than human proportion, as it seemed, in its lessly she writhed in his powerful grasp. clinging gown- and cowl, and the mystic, Helplessly she tried to raise her eyes to the spectral light. Only for one instant visible, face above-to force one word rouin her' and Harold uttered a smothered ejaculation, pressed; strainiil lips. Then she broke as it vanished even as seen ; then, as the down utterly in sious, and shivering moans, two watchors stood spellbound, disbe levi-ig and tears ; and he. bore her gently to the the evidence of their own eyes, midw.ay csuch, and, wilh tact an-l self-retraint, left in the ruined spiral staircase gleamed the" her there alone. light again from a loophole i pa-s'n; di.- Days drifted on again bringing a sfte tinctly, they saw once more the abbot's misty night, wrm as August rather than ghost ! November. " lie's coming down-stairs-tbat'a human, Over the faintly-gleaming sea-over the at any rate," muttered the joung taar "ta where you are, Flreence, 111 fathom qiet, sleeping village and its picturesque Sta) where you are, Florence, I'll fathom ford tr ed eyestafnly lowerin this mystery now. I'll find out low and onrd-- over the sdimly-outlined, IoweriTs rmine hung ih e ch asa darkoess and mtilter ar for why this bad old apirit takes earthly wrapping h aru nd its l ole n r pal as it hd elks." , wrapping around its' solemn pall ts it hid e was rig ay a he pe, bt e enwrapped earth and sea that night of which Swa rushing away ashe spoke, but the Florence Maldon was thinking yet, s nhe girl clung to him frantically, detaining at at her open window, with clasped hands bhim and" dark.rimmed eyes, vacantly gasing seý " Harold, you don't know what danger wards: you may be running into." " Danger I pools I What a coward you Long ago tile sitble-clock had struck its are, child ; and I shall be losing him, after midnight chimes, and no sound met her ear all. Let me go, Florence, and for your life beyond tile restleM splash of the waves, the don't attempt to follow me." .now.and.again dilanut bark of a dog, or the She stood motionless there, waiting and faintly-herd nmeasured tramp of the coast listening, tr nlog Vilnly to pierce the inky guard as he paced his lonely beat blacknesa, occasionally cating a rapid, fear- Night war tile only time whbn Florence ful glance up at the casements lately illumi. could dare iB tlhink, anld ir her solitude now noted by that welrd, unaccountable bright, she was cokling ier past aInd future in the neat, but no sign or vestlige of it now. face. As -Flortice slood shivering, the sqdden That day, she had amaaed and offended ringing report of a pistol, anid a swift fol- goeod-n.tured Mrs. Ctraphell by the positive irwing terrible cry, made an awful breik:in rlinqullihiroint of her nliaitlon. the sole*inn stlllness. No complaints to make, she assurerd the Then'.Florees h adcedMahlonell forward rn the bewildered lady ! but it was necessary f,,r ground,nas though a bullet had reached her her to return honre, and she must leave own heart. Carthom Hlall. And now came the ouf S, s lufering for tile brave step she bid compelled herself to iake. Days and weeks Ilad drifted on, and Miss "1 ow can I-how hall I leave hn pll" Maldon sat as nsual In her pleasant school- she asked herself, bitterly, rocking to and rnoni teaching her young pupil. That past :fro n her palsson of unavailing misery. night's agony mnliht have been a dream for " low can I look himl in the face for the all outward laow it had made. . . last-l/at time, and say good bye for everr When the stricken girl had reenvered --,ood-bye t tthe dear sound of his voice, asnre and strength sufel:ent to onablo her t to he touch of his thand, to the very mention to stagger .back along the lonely way to o0f his name ?-gonp.-byvi to tlhoe weet, bllss Carthorn Hall, its master himself had met fall possibllitiles hat might have been-that hierat the entrance, and allowed her to pass would be, if-oh, how can I my the cruel, to her room without comment or question. fatal words ?" " She was thinking of that now. " Ilowcan I meet him day by day, and Why had he shown no curiosity when hour by hour, and tils dread, immuovable such conduct on her part had been 'so un- shadow ever between us ? It has almost precedented ? Why had he been the only killed rme already. I should lose my reason one to meet her that night ? Why iad so if it lanitil much longer, and then what dark and Inmpenetrable a cloud lowerel s ). might I not say? That is the terrer, the surely over llthi iIntilni y of former days ? awful crushinrI fear th t is eating away my Tire school-omnm door softly uneloised. very heart-llthat I--:hltt I, ilto would so " We have come to suggest it drive," lcil thankfully give my life to save him, may be Mrs, Campbell, In her pleasant way, sinking tihe onn to bring hiis. llomt upioin hii Into a chair, nnd nrawing her little one to 8he huried her white, torleor friro r, hior her. " You will cuno, too, won't your, liss cool p?,a ar , nir nd tie minuiea sied Mlerlir ,. . noon a she thnul..rt afres.. " I would rather not, it you would kindly oxouse Io. haove a headache, and fnley "it i all Iue iannler to 1,er iry irifoirrit, a watk would do me more goold.r bhOeIue I have hreNglrt It qmo0 myself, It " Well, f you really think so.' Runm wayo i tle fruit ,f l y owi trorolhmrs y *ldn ie*'elt. Fva, rrd get quiUklyi dresse.. I have been nterling i rb r I Ioml, nrle, feigned nato to slrolling down to Lhe viinage nyselt Ihl, dt11h1 secret hjury, tospy ini hi action., morninag, ard I lmet Mrl . Iowe, nnd had ry h, t nno. Jt tha, illte a long goslsp about Iro mrlrserhrlnI shrohl leave nny heart, my happlne,, my disapperance of threir visilor, of cirro, 'pesce bhld nrle when 1 itrir itt Ii'1 , oh i a it is hrnl to restr 'I rarr'e lnet it I I iair Sire in never weary of that topio n arid ! not I Vii rnrlnl thn tty of i,. trust say 1its ver. strange. last few itminimt.P' She wreallsi tre In.. Mr. Carthnrn got up abruptly, anild walked wrla un.oMSailnrty ahnt I, \ri s if tri, 0lo a window, vilu iIat bironker tlleu .illnt spill, tlinrl '; Witl ln yrrn llihink Ilat heLiOntO of lhiln " li.itiUi nlllotiUr hiriIrI II VirlriU 1|piini the grUaIl '1'II' i rul'tl;,l . mi. em,-[tlml'1 lJIll ie Il,( lrlml.l mnn? mhnine-in v-- lenn mm h(li,,ri inyr. , ?::. : , ., ...? ? ,, . ? .. .r. I C,,t.r 