FACTS, FUN, AND FANCY. Mills in the Glen Inuea district cannot supply the demand for timber. A little French girl was lately asked why she no longer lilted her doll. The answ< i was, " Because it vexes mo to sec it better dressed than myself." A young man sent twelve stamps to an advertiser to learn how to make money fast, and was advised in reply to glue a five-poii'nd noto to the bottom of his trunk. A man having solemnly declared he had seen a ghost, was asked what it said to him; at which ho petulantly exclaimed, " How should I know ? I don't understand the dead languages." Miss Emily Faithful, in a lecture which she delivered in Edinburgh, called attention to tho fact that out of 27,000 of the last re cruits to Mormonism, 20,000 came from Great Britain. Thore was a horse race for a wager, of £10 up at Herberton, Queensland, a few weeks ago. None of tho horses were worth more than £25, yet one man won £480(J ia bets over tho race. Tho school population of the United States is 16,000,000. Of these, 10,000,000 are "en rolled in the Public schools, upon which system more than 91,000,000 dollars per year are expended, and 290,000 teachers aro employed. " Thank heaven, the fuss is all over," said tho groom, '• and I have you all to myself." " Yes," returned the happy bride, " and now lot us take one laBt look at the wedding pre sents before pa sends them back to the jew ellers." " Will you help me to press some leaves?" the maiden asked her lever. " If you will fasten them to your waist belt I'll see what I can do," he answered ; and thus a popular method of pressing autumn leaves was in vented. " Everybody must grow old, you know, my dear madam," said a physician to a lady, who evidently looked upon the remark as a personal one, for she roplied : "Not every body, doctor; a great many of your patients will never grow old." " What does the minister say of our new burying-grouud ?" asked Mrs. Hines of her neighbour. 11 He don't like it at all; ho says he never will be buried there as long as he lives." " Well," says Hines," If the Lord spares my life, I will." Sinoe the work of tree-planting began in Nebraska, a total of 58,000,000 trees, ac cording to trustworthy statistics, have been set out, and these are now shading 100,000 acres of her prairie soil, to the great benefit of agriculture, and the enrichment of tho State. The statistical account of the production of wool throughout the civilised world shows that in the year 1830 it was 820,000,0001bs., in 1871 it was nearly 2,000,000,0001bs., while in 1883, in the United States alone, the production of wool was 320,000,0001bs., or as much as was produced in the whola world in 1830. "So you are the new girl," said the board ers, " and what name are we to call you ?" " Pearl," said the maid, with a.saucy toss of her head. " Oh 1" asked the smart boarder," Are youthe pearl of great prico ?" "No; I'm the pearl that was cast before, swino," retorted the- pretty waiter. There was a long silence, broken only by the buzz of the flies in the milk pot. Moschelles relates what a droll blunder he made when at dinner in London. " To-day I was asked at dessert what fruit I would have of those on the table. ' Some sneers,' I replied. The company wero at first sur prised, and theu burst into laughter, per ceiving tho process by which I" had arrived at the expression. I, who at the time had to construct my English out of guide-books and dictionaries, had found " not to care a fig," meant to " sneer a person." So when I wanted some figs I thought figs aud sneers were both the same." " A gentleman of very high financial repu tation in the colony," says the Sydney Daily Telegraph, " shows by a comparison of 'tho' old banking arrangements and that now en tered into, that the assertions mado that the country will be a considerable gainer by its change of bankers, will not be borne out. His figures go to show that on the last loan £159,501 will be paid to the Bank of Eng land, as compared with £90,122 to the Bank of New South Wales. The Associated banks allow one per' cent, below the Bank of England rate (but not more than five per cent) up to £1,000,000, and £100,000 of the deposit is not to carry interest. Tha Bank of N.S.Wales allowed one per cent, below the Bank of England rate oti the whole Government deposit. Again, the* As sociated Banks give the Government a pre mium of only 78. 6d. per cent, for transfer of money from London to Sydney; while the Bank of N.S. Wales gave 10s. Thus on the transfer of£5,000,000 the Associated Banks give £18,750, and the Bank of N.S. Wales £25,000, and in various other ways he shows the old arrangement was mora advantageous. That the business was a pro fitable one to the Bank of N.S.Wales may be iuferred from the fact that the Bank wished to retain it. Bankers do not usually conduct business on honorary transactions, and if there were little or nothing gained out of the Government business, the Bank would not have made any demur to its re moval. When the matter gets into the'law courts there will be full disclosures.1-'— [The ' manager, however, appears to think that the Bank of New South Walos will flourish all the better by the removal of the Govern, ment money.—Ed ] 