A ChrfKtihn» Yum. [BY OUR SPECIAL.] PROLOGUE. As some of, your contemporaries and leading townsmen have been much afflicted in mind by tho leaders appearing in your journal, from time to time, just to change the sub ject, and afford them a little diversion, -I w^ll try something else this issue, in the simpo "of a Christmas story, in which, the material for a three-volumo novel being condensed into some, three columns, and. the story .lieing musical, and' founded upon facts that I .furred, it may-be rend with interest. Some of your readers will doubtless remember that a short time since, we were visited by the Lambert-Templetou Operatic Troupe, and that amongst their reportitore was the well known Opera by Balfe, on titi ed "The Bohemian Girl," tho many charming melodies in which wera received with much favor here even by those who, owing to being located so far from the centres of civilization, had never before heard an Opera in their lives; the consequence being, that we often hear the young ladies in this township warbling, " I dreamt that I dwelt in Marble Halls," or " You'l remember me," while the boys in the streets can be heard whistling " The Gipsies' Chorus,"-showing that tho love of really good music is as firmly implanted in this community as in any other ; and it is upon the thread of the* Chorus " When in the Gipsies' Life you read," that I have founded my yarn,-which I respectfully de dicate to the members of the Lismore Band. CHRISTMAS REEF * The. opening scene is laid one Christmas Eve, in a Mining township in Qeensland, and as the setting sun was painting the peaks of the western ridges with crimson glories, and throwing the shadows of the grim looking gum' trees across the grass, your Own, then engaged as all-round Editor and Reporter of the " Quartzopolis Gazette," found himself stumbling up a steep gully which strewn with quartz and ironstone, looked as if our mother earth had in a sportive mood, been making faces.at the man in the moon, who in return had showered upon her portions of the extinct orators said to be so prevalent in his locality. - I had boen gathering mining nows for the " Gazette," and having walked rather far, and feeling footsore and tired, I was not sorry to see perched on a hill at the end of the gully aforesaid, the slab buildings and batteries of the well-known " Christmas Reef," which although at ono time considered worthless, had turned out a mine of gold during the past few months to its present proprietors, well known as Dan Maten, and Jack. Maten being a tall dark gentlemanly looking fellow, generally very quiot and reserved, while his partner Jack, was a short thick-set Cornish miner, generally callod on the diggings-a Cousin Jackey), and was well known for his love of music, sociability, and good temper ; and those two - gentlemon, had by the development of Christmas Reef, given a great impetus to Quartzopolis,-Dan Maten especially, taking a warm interest in public matters, while J. knew for a fact that when subscribers did not nay up in time, that the proprietor of the " Gazette " was often indebted to Dan Maten for being able to keep things going. But to return, by this time 1 had got to tho end of the gully, and emerged upon the undulating land whereon was situate 1 the workings of the Reef, with its piles of wood and quartz, and under the huge shad was situated the battery and machinery, the latter being at rest, while over the roof of said shed was flying a rod flag with the words in white letters " Christmas Reef." Closo beside this were the large slab buildings wherein Dan and his partner resided, and going up to the door I found their housekeeper just laying.the tea, and was not sorry to receive an invation from Dan to stay and partake of same, and Jack coming in shortly after, we three par took of the cup that cheers together. Tea being over, and as tho sky looked as if a heavy thunderstorm was brewing, y Dan kindly invited me to stay, whicti I was will ing to accept, and shortly after, several digging friends dropping inj we had a pleasant chat about old times, and telling yarns ; .but what astonished mo the most was tho great musical ability exhibited by Dan Maten and his parter, as I found that Dan could play Doth the harmonium and the violin, and Jack the cornopean and flageolet, and during the evoning, these gentlemen, assisted by others there, rendered us some very nice musical selections, and I was informed by a friend present, that tho humpy was gene rally known as " Harmony Lodge," as Dan Maten and his mate were mostly singing and playing of an evening, and that now and then, Mr. Matea invited a few musical friends, and had some good times, the only drink however allowed, being hop beer and coffee, with any quantity of smoking. On the evening spoken of after Dan Maten liad favored us with some choice sacred and other selections, he said to Jack-" now lets have the old tunes, and to my delight they sang to accompaniment several airs from the " Bohemian Girl," including the celebrated " Chorus, the words of which are as follows, In tho Gipsies' lifo you road, í ,.*. The lifo that all would like to lead, 'Tr',' ' Sometimes under roof, - And sometimes thrown, where the wolf makes his lair. Whore tho wolf makes his lair : For he who has no home to call his own, Will find a home somewhere, oh ! ah 1 'Tis tho maxim bold of man, What's another's prize to claim, Then to keep, then to keep all ha can Wo Gipsies do tho same. This a habit onco tis custom grown, Yes, 'tis custom grown. Every man will tako care, If he has no home to call his own, To find a homo Bomowhure, ah ! ah 1 Upon its conclusion, I remarked to Mr. Muten that it was years since I had heard that once popular uir sang, to which Mr. M. said, that as his digging friends 'had often asked why himself and Jack wero so fond of^ singing this Chorus, ho would, with per mission, to pass away the time, tell a yam, the moro especially as there was a newspaper: man prosont, to whom it might prove of service, as pointing « moral, and adorning tale. After filling his pipe, and indulgin ia a few whiffs, Mr. Maten thus began, OLD ST. PAULS. Although I am now getting old and sun dried, some of you will perhaps give m credit for being at one time a rosy cheeke boy (so my mother said), and after goin; through my degrees at school, I was appren ticed to a printer in one of those dingy ou of the way offices for which old London ii famous, and put in my seven ^ears witl -nore or less success ; and at the closi thereof determined to try my fortune ii Australia which was thea becoming knowi to the outer world. I may tell you tba amongst my schoolmates and London chums were a youth named Joe, apprenticed in ai ironmonger's shop, another named Tom, in i lawyer's office, the latter having a very' nici sister known to all of us as Bessie, anc that amongst other things we all attendee Hullab's Singing Class at Exetor Hall, and made such good progress, that the four of ni could taketnr parts correctly and sing ii harmony together-Bessie being the soprano .myself the tenor, Joe, the alto, and Tom, the bass,-r¿and many w.ere the invitations we gol to evening parties, or friends, on account ol our part singing, for which we were ever complimented by Mr. Huliah himself. Wc went on this even -path for a few years during which Bessie'had grown from a girl in short petticoats to ii well-developed you nj woman, with a very ' telling soprano voice, while I also noticed that she regarded Joe with much favor, and presumed that they would some day make a match of it, as if usual in such cases. Matters, went on thus, until, as stated, I informed the trio that I was off for Australia, when we resolved to spend the last night together hy going to old Drury Lane Theatre, whereat the very cele brated Opera of the "Bohemian Girl," wat then being performed to crowded house« nightly ; and need I say that we went, and were highly delighted, the melodies ia the Opera ringing in our ears for months after : and in fact, we were so charmed with the Gipsies' Chorus that it was resolved ^amongst us that should we ever meet again'm1' life, the air and words of this chorus should be our watchword and landmark in wfcatevoi clime or place our lot was cast.. I 'started the next day for Australia my three chums coming to the London Docks tb see me off; and the last I saw was. my friends waving their handkerchiefs, 'and Bessie,"- with her eyes full of tears, kissing her hand to me ; and need I say that I felt when going away, that I was beginning to like the said young lady much too well for my peace.pf mind. I will pass over tho voyage out, the incidents of which are much the same iu.'ajl - cases, until I landed at '¿¿r* OLD MELBOURN^ in the year 1848, which was thea a small easy-going place vastly different to its-present size and importance.. I soon obtained em ployment at the " Argus " Office, which was then printed by a hand press, the proprietor and all hands working hard to make both ends meet,-money being so soarce in those days, that we received so much on account weekly, the balance being paid at the end of the quarter, when the accounts came in. Being musical, I soon made some friends iii Melbourne, and sang at the old * Mechanics' Institute just opposite the#" Argus " office, on several occasions, while 1 also took ' part ut the Saturday nights' Concerts at the Temperance Hall, in Russell-street, which were then (with the exception of the .free and easies ut the publio houses, almost the only amusement in Melbourne). Of course there was the old'Queen's Theatre, but once going there was quite enough in those days. As stated I wrought pretty hard nt the office until the year 1851, when tho Gold Diggings broke out, and there was such a stampede that I was almost the only man left in Mel bourne, until the wave of immigration setting in, thousands of people were landed weekly, and everything was all topsy turpsy, I stuck at my post however, until I could get a spell for the.sake of my health, and to see if I could get some gold, and going up to Forest 1 Creek, was fortunate enough to make a little money there, when I returned to business, and kept on for another few months, when hearing good reports from the new diggings at Bendigo, I resolved to try my fortunes again, and was both lucky and unlucky, inasmu?h as I got some gold, and yet lost a golden hole from not complying, with the regulations. After the latter piece of bad luck I resolved to go back to business again,- and concealing my gold about me (there being no escorts then), started for Melbourne, on foot, and shall not easily forget tho occasion. The day was warm, and the country - parched up with drought, as I plodded along the dusty road, when I saw ahead of me, a digger, with tho usual swag, blue shirt, soil-staiued trousers, and dirty cnbbage-tree hat, and' on getting nearer to him my heart leaped' into my mouth, us I heard him humming to himself the well-known " Gipsies Ohorns," and on his turning round to wish me good-day, I recog nised my old London friend Joe, but so care worn and changed for the worst, as instead of the smart-looking ironmonger's assistant of a few years since, there was now a broken down., looking digger. I suppose 1 wis also changed, as all Joe could say was-" Is that you Dan, I've been looking for you every where."" After going a few miles together we camped beside a water hole, and making a billy :of tea, and over our pipes, Jack told me of the ups and downs of himself and Tom and Bessie since I had left England, froni which it appeared Bessie had developed into a splendid looking woman (Joe showed me her portrait) and a fine Binger, and that acting upon the advice of her brother Tom, she had given Joe the cold shoulder, and that feeling disappointed he hod determined to try his fortunes in Australia, and had been upon the diggings for some months with not much good luck. Need T say that Joe and myself kept company together"and that wo arrived safely in town, and after a spell, I, went back to my business as a printer, and Joe took'a situation in a. large ironmonger's shop in. Collins-street, and as might be supposed, wo churned together as of yore, Joo being found a great acquisition to the musical cirolcs in Melbourne. Matters went on thus until one Christmas Eve, when it was determined to give the Oratorio of .' The Messiah " at the thou" Exhibition building," in Melbourne, all the1 available musical talent in the city being impressed for tho occasion'(Joo and myself taking part), it being stated tliat th leading soprano and bass solos were to 1» taken by a professional lady and gpntleimv just arrived from England. The cventfu night arrived, the building was crammed t excess, and everything went splendidly ; bu judge of my surprise wheniu tin loading lad; and gentleman singers aforesaid, I recogniser Bessie and her brother Tom, who were nov singing under altered -professional names Bessie was in magnificient voice, and hat grown to ho showy looking woman, and wai received with a perfect furore of applause, while her brother Tom hud also a fine bas: voice and was well received At the close o: the Oratorio I hastened over to Joe, anc found that he had already recognised our ole chums, and as we were passing down th« passage with the professionals, behind Bessie and her brother, myself und Joe hum mee the well-known " Gipsies Chorus," when tin two turning round the recognition was mutual Need T say that wo went with them to theil hotel, and during supper talked over old times from which it appeared that Bessie and hei brother had also resolved to try their fortune! in Australia, and hence it was that we had ni come together again. For the next few months matters rolled on very smoothly wit! us, os Bessie got plenty of musical engage ment, while her brother went book-to hit vocation in a lawyer's office, áfid Tom anc .myst If. stuck to business, although we ofter met and sang,together in public. I could set by this time Joe was again over bead and ean in love .with Bessie, but that the latter (wlu was now a great public favourite), appeared to give,him but little encouragement, beyond accepting his escort at "times from the con certs, &c;, although it-was noticeable that she was generally closely guarded by her brother, and matters went on thus forsomo time unti! Joe called on me one evening, and said thal he was about to try his luck at the diggings once again, as he had a presentment that he would make a fortune, when Bessie would become his wife. I could say nothing aguinsi the matter, and poor Joe wont forth into the world again, while Bessie and her brothel were always before the public, and it was ai length stated that out of her ~ numerous suitors, a well-known wealthy Melbourne .merchant, of somewhat "mature years,Víwás .about to lead her to the hymenial alter ; 'and this wus confirmed by my receiving an invi tation to the wedding. Bessie being the "-pet of the publie," the facts were duly set forth in the newspapers, and I Rent' a note to Joe telling him of the facts, and advising him to bear up under the disappointment. The wedding took place'at the fashionable church of South Yarra, and was long remembered by the musical world, being the grandest of the season ; but although invited by Bessie (as an old friend), to give her nwny, or be ono of the best men, I did not feel equal to the occasion, but kept in background, taking notes for the paper on .which I was engaged, and. a-truly splendid " tout ensemble " was presented Bessie in nil the pride of her beauty, attended by six bridesmaids, standing before the altar, while the church was filled by tho usual fashionable audiences incidental to such occa sions. The impressive ceremony which wus given with a full choral service, was soon over, and as the. party were passing down the I church on their way to the waiting carriages tho organ played Hayden's " Wedding j March," and looking up to the organ gallery I saw a care-worn face peeping between the curtains whioh I recognised us poor Joe!s, who afterwards informed me that he had come all tho way from tito diggings to see the closing ceremony which lind thus dashed his hopes to tho ground. Bessie"and her husband went ott amidst showers of rice and old slippers for their honeymoon, and feeling out of sorts, Joe and myself went away to Geelong for a trip, after, which Joo (who was still suffering from tho gold fever) went back to the diggings and I returned to business, being afterwards in vited to attend the wedding of Bessie's brother (Tom), who married a lady with some money, as suited his ambition, and went to reside in Sydney. As Bessie, after lier marriage, lind given up singing, I seldom mot her, but could see by the papers that she was the leader of thc fashionable class at South Yarra, and that her musical parties were always well attended. Matters, went on thus for some two years, when ono day the startling intelligence appeared in the papers that her husband had been accidentally killed by being thrown from his horse when riding, and as usual when in trouble Bessie sont for myself, and I wont to the funeral, but ns our paths of life laid in different directions, I did not ofter visit her thereafter, as I had found that for my own peace of mind (aud out of honor to poor Joe), , it was not right for mo to bo thrown too often in her company, the more especially as she treated me too much like a brother. So time sped on, I had mounted the ranks of my profession, and was now sub editor of one of the Melbourne Dailies, while the charming young widow Bessie, was greatly sought after, und I expected nothing less but to hoar of her marriage again.' During this time I had received several letters from Joe, who, although cheered on by hopo, was very unlucky in his digging pursuits, und one day during a very hot dry summer X received a humed letter by him stating that he was laying seriously ill with fever, and that he : would much like if I would como up and see him ere he died. I thereupou culled upon Bessie, who strongly advised me to go und see him, adding that for old acquaintance Bake, if he was unable to be removed to Mel bourne, she would come up' and see him her self, and so I went to ^ BLACKWOOD DIGGINGS Jw,here l found my 'poor friend Joo laying dangerously ill in a Blab hut, and hod bim removed into the township, whero I procured medical assistance, and a nurse, at the same time writing to Bessie telling her tho position of affairs, and was glad to find that shortly after Bessie came'up like an angel of light, and created quite a sensation in Blackwood, by insisting on nursing poor Joo, who was now at deaths door. I might state on my arrival at Joe's hut I found that hn had boen attended by Iiis rrinto Jack (my friend and 'partner) now' present,-who is so well and favorably known to all of yon, and who is iv truo man every inch of him. It appears that they had been working with very poor success, and wera engaged in sinking a hole in a claim which was very wet, and that thoy liad dono but little for a few weeks, owing to Joe's illness, although. Jack had done something at odd horns botweon his nursing, jiiBt to shepherd the claim nnd comply with the regulations. I felt inclined to throw the claim up and go back to Melbourne, but as Joe waa too ill to be moved, and was perpetu ally raving about his ''Golden claim," and Jack thought that it. was worth working, I resolved to take out a license, and try it with Jack, and we did so for overa fortnight, find ing a great difficulty in working it on account of the influx of water, but hy slabbing and puddling we managed to get the water under. We continued working until a day or so before Christmas, and went to the hole one morning, Jack as being the best maui going, dowu the claim to drive, while I hauled the stuff up by the windlass, but heating his pick not going looked down the hole and asked him what was the matter, when he sang out for me to haul him up, and on coming to the top. I saw he was as white as a sheet I asked him had he seen a ghost 1 when ho said-" Its there in a corner,* go down and look for your self j" he then lowered me down, and in a corner of the drive I saw laying a large moss of yellow glittering gold, which was after wards known as ' THE CHRISTMAS NUGGET. I had never seen such a lump of gold before, and for a few seconds I felt all over alike,.! then called upon Jack to haul me up, and coming to the top shook Jack's hand - and told him that he had done the trick this time. I may mention that the claim was some six miles out of the township, and the bulk of_the diggers about were getting, but Itttle or no gold, and that' there was no police protection," and just as Jack and I were talking along came several diggers who wore shepherding claims, and asked us how we wero getting on, and seeing both of us* looking so pale, said that working ia the wet was telling on us. Some of the party wanted to go down the claim, but on our telling them. that there was nothing but water and mud they desisted, and after hanging about for an hour .departed, greatly to our relief. Jack thon went down the hole again, and before sundown.on Christmas Eve had succeeded--in unearthing three other nuggets smaller than tho^first, and after tea, in the darkness, we humped tlié nuggets (one of which was as much as a rrian could carry) .without being Been up tn the tent, where we juried them under the fire, and after un shipping the windlass, Juck stopped and .watched the tent and tho nuggets; while I 'started off to tho township, and told ' Bessie' of tho good nows, and was happy to find that nndor her care Joe had past the rubicon, and was fast recovering. I told her to keep the matter quiet from Joe for a day or two, and that, in the meantime, Jack and I would thoroughlyAvork ont the claim, and I then returned back . to Jack, carrying his Christ mas Dinner-'With me. We worked the hole for a week after and found six other nuggets, and then thinking that we had dono well enough, we determined ?. to get the nuggets into some place of safety. For this purpose, I went to tho township, and after seeing the Commissioner, obtained an escort of two mounted police, and some townspeople, and I shall ne'ver forget the day when wo arrived at Blackwood, and the news spread that a nugget weighing ovor a hundred weight in addition to others, hud been found, ns people rolled up from all directions, the streets being crowded and the excitement intense ; and we were shaken hands with,' and feted in all directions so far as the poorness of the township- would permit. We gave up the claim to a party of poor diggers, and were glad to hear that thoy did well out of it. By this time, Joe had nearly recovered his health and strength, and upon the good news being broken to him, it was resolved to give u Concert and donation to the local institutions and then sturt for Melbourne, with the nuggets under escort, 'which was done and carried out successfully,-the lead ing item at the Concert being the celebrated * Gipsies' Chorus,' which was so interwoven with our lives. Upon our reaching the then large city of Melbourne, the large nuggets were shown for the benefit of charities, and sold, Joe insisting that : equally with Jack, I should take my fair shara of- the proceeds ; and a short time after I had the pleasure (although" I must confess to having the heartache a little) at being present, at tho wedding of the dimming widow Bessie, to my friend Joe, and of seeing them start off on a trip to England, where I believe they are living happily j but I shall never forget the s Concert wo : gave for the Melbourne Hospital, prior to their departure, and that we then sang tho " Gipsies Chorus" together for the last time on earth. Since then Jack and myself have chummed together as mates, and worked at the various diggings in the Colouios, with a fair amount of success, ns instance our present' position, and we call this "Christmas Reef," for the reason that like the " Christmas Nugget " the best show of reef gold we evor got was obtained on Christmas Eve j and in the meantime, with the exception of an occasional trip to the Southward to hear some good music, Jack and I jog along together, and sing tho old Gipsies' Chorus ; and wish all friends a Merry Christmas and a Happy New.Year. 