CHILDREN'S COLUMN. THE TWO BABIES. [Br Jimm? Brown. 1 [Prom Harper's Young People.} Tbe night before (jhristmas we bad great fun at our houBe telling ghoBt stories. Mr. Travers told about an awful ghost that used to live in an old house where one of Mr. Travers's friends lived. It was a tall, thin woman- ghost, with her hair all down, and dressed in a white nigown. She used to come into a room in the middle of the night with a rope in her hand, and she would look all around until she found a good place to hang herself, and then she would put the rope round her neck and hang just as if she was dead, and the man that saw ber would faint away, and when he woke up in the morning she would be gone. One night a young man, who was a book agent, ana wasn't afraid of anything, slept in the haunted house. Well, in the middle of the night the ghost comes in, and looks around for a nail to hang herself to. The young man said, "Good evening, ma'am. Going to hang yourself, I see. Let me help you. So he helps the ghost put the rope around her neck; but instead othanging her, he lies the rope to the bed-post so she can't get away, and then he lights a lamp and reads to her out of a book that he tells her every respectable ghost ought to buy. I The ghost stood it a while, and then Bhe begged and implored him to stop. So he kindly and affectionately pointed out to her that she bad no right to go and hang herself in othcrpeople's houses, and thatif she'd promise never to do it again he'd let her go, but if she didn't, he'd read the whole book to her, and it had mornamillion pages. Well, the ghost promised, and the young man let her go, only he kept the rope, and nobody ever saw her again. Mr. Travers says he saw tbe rope himself, which proves that the story is true. I went to bed pretty late that night, and woke up about 12 o'clock dreaming of ghosts. I wasn't a hit frightened, though I was a little nervous, just as Sue is when she thinks she hears burglars; but I was afraid mother might be frightened, so I thought I would go into her room and tell her it was all right, and nobody would hurt her. My littlest sister and the baby sleep in the same room with mother, and the first thing I saw was the baby hanging from the head of my sister's bed. This almost frightened me, for I thought the baby had got up in the night and committed suicide. So I called mother as loud as I could, and she sat right up, holding another baby in her arms. This made me sure that the baby hanging to the bed-post was a ghost, and then I admit I was frightened. After a while I found that it was made of rubber, with a loud squeak in it, and was meant for a Christmas present. The rubber baby was just about the size of a real one, and I could hardlytellitfrom our real baby, only it made less noise. Christmas morning we all had our presents, and had a good time over them. My littleBt sister would take her baby to Church with her, only mother found it out, and hid it under her coat, where it squeaked every time mother kneeled down or stood up. Mr. Martin came to dinner Christmas Day, and Bpent the evening with us. He was very good-humoured, and brought me a knife, ana 1 forgave him everything. He was very pleasant to mother, and said he did so want to see the baby. After dinner we all went into tbe parlour, where it was rather dark, for one of the lamps didn't burn very well till it was turned up. Mr. Martin dropped into a big chair, and sat very quiet, thinking, as he said, only I believe he was more than half asleep. " ■ Mother bad 'gone upstairs to see the baby, but presently she came down, and said to Sue, " Where on earth is the baby? It isn't in the nursery, Susan ; do you know anything about it?" Mr. Martin said, very politely. "What's that? Baby missing? I'll find him for you." And with that Mr. Martin gets up and turns around, and gives a most dreadful yell. There was a baby lying on the chair just as still as if it was dead, Mr. Martin was sure that somebody had left our baby in the chair, and that he had sat on it and smashed it, and of course he supposed he would have to be hung, and that father and mother would be offended with him. Then mother and Sue they shrieked as if a mouse was after them, and rushed to pick the baby up, and found that it was the rubber baby, and that it wasn't hurt a bit, except that tbe squeak was Bpoiled. Just then the nurse brought the real babv in out of the kitchen, ana everybody was happy again. That is, everybody but Mr. Martin. He got angry, and said he knew that it was one of that boy's infamous trickB, and he took his bat and went home; but I never put the rubber baby in the chair, and I don't care what he says. 