AN ADVENTURE IN THULE. [Ey William Black, tlie author of "The Princess of Thule," "Madcap Violet," &c.;, &c.j; Chapter IV. But before going down to Ins companion he pulled himself together. He knew that Archie Livingston was easily frightened, and this that had happened was enough to frighten an older lad than he. M'Calmont descended from the plateau slowly, considering what he shoiild say, and doing his best to assume an indifferent demeanor. "Archie," said lie, "there is no doubt about what the frenchmen have done. They have taken out the boat and sunk her. Yonder are tilings belonging to her, floating on the water ; but not the oars. They have stolen the oars." Almost mechanically the younger lad's eyes were turned to the space of water indicated by his companion ; then he said, aghast— " Colin, we shall die of hunger." Colin had been prepared for this. "Die of hunger !" he exclaimed. "Now you are talking like some poor creature who has never been away from a town. You are talk inglike the tailor who came to Berncra last year, and he did not know that cattle could swim." " How could we swim to the mainland ?" said the younger lad, who seemed ready to cry. " It is twelve miles and more." "I did not mean that at all. 1 say you are talking foolishness when you speak of dying of starvation : and that you ought to know better being a High'and lad, and not a tailor from Glasgow." Indeed, thisraising of his companion's spirits was giving M'Calmont himself plenty of spirits. "Now look here, Archie, The loss of the boat, that is bad :' my father can ill afford to lose the boat, and that is a hard thing. But there is no more than that. They will soon find out that we are here, and they will send over for us; and until they send over for us, do you not think we will find enough and plenty to eat? Is there no dulse along "the shore? Are their no eachans (cockles) in the sand? One would think, to hear you talk, that you were the high Lord Provost of London, who eats all the day long and half-way through the night, and only stops to sleep for an hour or two. Tell me this, now; it' eachans and dulse will not do, if it is to be like the Lord Provost you are wishing, could I not shoot a sheep? Just think of that; and do not talk any more about starvation." "But how will they know that we are here, Colin ?" said the younger lad, looking far away over to the blue line, with one or two higher peaks that represented the mainland. " I will tell yon a story, Archie. It was a fishing-boat at St. Kilda, and she went away in the morning, with five men in her, and . there was a heavy storm during the day, and the boat was smashed on a small island— perhaps it was Eilean Mor, and perhaps it was Gealtaire Mur. That is no matter; but the five men saved themselves. Very well, then; what did they do? They gathered bits of stick, and dried heather, and the like, and they made them into five fires; and when the night came they lit the five fires, and their wives and the people at St. Kilda saw the fires, and they knew that all the men we re saved. Now, does that story tell you anything, or does it not tell you anything ?" "We will light a fire to-night, Colin !" said the younger lad, eagerly. " We will not. "What would be the use of that ? They will not be looking out for us at all; for they will think that we have gone away up to the shieling with bread for the girls. But to-morrow the girls will be sending down ; and then they will ask where we are; and then there will be a search everywhere; and then in the evening we will have a great heap of wood together and the dried heather too ; and they will see the fire well enough." "Will we have to stay on the island to night. Colin?" said Archie, looking apprehen sively around—for his mind was stocked with the mysterious legendary tales and fancies of these northern solitudes. "I do not say that, Archie," replied his . companion, grimly. " If you can swim to tiie mainland, there will be no need to pass the night on Farriskeir. But if you can, it is not I that can. It is a good swim from Farriskeir to the White Sands of Uig." And then he looked out at the one or two objects floating in the water, which told him. where the Frenchmen had sunk the boat." "Yes," said he, "and they have sunk our oat-cake, too, and our bottle of water. I know where there are two springs, but the sheep tread over them, and if we clean them out it will be a long time before tbey settle. So we will do that first, Archie. You will clean out the springs, and I will go to the wreckage that my father and the rest of them collected, and I will get two or three boards and put over the springs so that the sheep may not t.iample over them." The first spring they went to looked un promising enough ; it was more like a path of green mire in a hollow of one of the grassy plateaus. But they sought out its source, and the younger lad set to work to remove the muddy herbage, while his companion went away for two or three planks. Indeed, they had plenty of work cut out for themselves during the day. They hunted for dulse. They each got a piece of iron from off the wreckage and dug in the soft sand for eachans. And then they gathered bracken for their bedding ; whereupon arose the ques tion as to where they should pass the night. " The driest place would be the cave, said Colin, " and you will see by the withered sea weed on the shore that it is many a day since the sea washed any sand into the cave. There is no danger of that at all. It is with a spring tide and a heavy gale from the west that you might have water in the cave." "Colin," said the other doubtfully, "I have heard about wild cats being about the caves," "There is not a wild cat 011 the island," said the other, impatiently. " Do you think that wild cats can swim from the mainland ? It is all very well for an otter to swim from the mainland, and if an otter conies into the cave, who will be the more frightened ? It is not you or I, but the otter, that will get a fright if lie comes in the night-time and finds us there asleep. And this is what I am thinking of now, Archie; will we not take some of the planks into the cave, and put them 011 the sand, and put the bracken 011 them? and that will make a very good bed indeed. Oh, we will do very well. You know what they say; when you cannot get a deer of ten [ten points, re ferring to the antlers], be satisfied with a deer of eight." He was a shifty lad; and when the two com panions that night, having had their supper of eachans, with a good drink of clear spring water, went and lay down 011 a comfortable bed of bracken made up within the cave, they could not be considered to be very badly off. But what chiefly exercised Colin M'Cal mont's mind (though he said nothing about it to Arcliie) was as to the way in which his fathc-r would receive the news of the loss of the boat, Would lie take into considera tion his son's good intentions ? Or would lie jump to the conclusion that be had lost this valuable piece of property simply through an inexcusable outburst of boyish folly ! It was a serious question; for old M'Calmont was a strict disciplinarian. In the meantime Colin bad but little doubt about himself and his com panion being able to get back to the mainland —when once they had had a great bonfire lit on the highest point of Farriskeir. The gray dawn broke. " Colin," said the younger lad, who had not slept much, "did you hear the strange sounds in the night?" "No, I heard no sounds at all," said his com panion drowsily. "There were cries and strange noises; I do not wish to have another night on the island." "It is your head that is full of nonsense; and you were hearing the sea-pyots and cur lews. Now I am going to sleep again." "I cannot sleep any more," the younger lad said. " Now that there is daylight I am going to the spring for a drink of fresh water," Colin M'Calmont turned himself over on his .bed of bracken; and the younger lad wandered out into the silence and solitude of the early morning. Very soon M'Calmont was asleep again, lie was not an over-imaginative person; he did not bother liis head about dreams and por tents ; and besides, they had been very early up on the previous morning. The bed of bracken was soft enough, and there was no sound to break the silence save the drowsy murmur of the sea outside. He was ast asleep. But suddenly he found himself wakened again; and became dimly aware that Archie Livingstone had a tight grip of his arm and was kneeling beside him. He roused himself. He found that his companion was all trembling; and that he could scarcely speak. " What is it, Archie?" he said. "I—I have seen one of them," the younger boy gasped, and still lie clung to his com panion's arm as if for safety. "Oh, Colin, it is a terrible sight! Quite plain—down by the rocks —it did not move " Colin sat up and rubbed his eyes. " What is this now ?" said he, with a trifle of impatience. " It is no foolishness this time," the younger lad said, almost entreatingly. " You will see for yourself, Colin, if you have the courage to go. It is like a woman. It is one of the prin cesses. But she did not see me, or she would have changed into a swan and flown away. But it was a terrible, terrible sight: I will never forget it till the day I die " "I.tell you, Archie," said the other angrily, "that if you let such nonsense come into your head it is mad you will be in time. Come and let me see your princesses and your wild swans now ! And if it is a wild swan perhaps I will tickle him before he flies away." He got up and sought out the horse-pistol, which he had put in a dry place. " Come away now, and let me see your wild swan that is like a princess." " Oh no, I cannot! I cannot, Colin !" said the younger lad, who was still trembling. "But I say you must now. I will put the nonsense out of your head. Do you wish to become mad, and go through the villages like Alister, the piper's son, that the children make a fool of?" And then he took to the ironical method. Do you know this now, Archie, that I never heard of the ghost yet that would stand to have a charge of buckshot put into it. -It will be very fine now to have a shot at a ghost. Come away, Archie; and, if we meet any ghost or princess or anybody of that kind, it is I who will , go forward _ and speak to them and say, 'Good morning.' Dor that is good manners to a stranger; and my father lias the farming of Barriskeir, and if a stranger comes to Farriskeir it is not I that would be so unfriendly as net to say ' Good morning,'" It was with the greatest reluctance that Archie Livingston consented to go out from the cave again with his companion ; and when at last he undertook to show M'Galmont where he had seen this strange thing he advanced with stealthy step and bated breath. Of course M'Caiinont did not expect to see any thing. It was to cure the imagination of the boy that he had insisted 011 going to the spot. And therefore he went on unheeding, chiefly watching the wild birds that were flying about. At a certain eminence on one of the little plateaus Archie Livingston gripped his arm, and he stopped to ask what this meant; but at the same moment he caught sight of some thing down by the shore there that—despite all his determination—made his face turn per fectly white. He would not budge. He stood still; but he found himself incapable of speaking. There, sure enough, down near the water's edge and seated on a • rock, was a figure. It could not be an optical illusion ; for they were both regarding the same spot. And it was the figure of a woman, too—bent forward, her face resting on her hands and covered. And this woman was not dressed as any person in the Highlands dressed. He stood and stared; trying to get the better of this thumping of his heart, and summoning to his aid all his declared disbelief in ghosts. Then the woman down there lifted her head— wearily, as it seemed to him; then she caught sight of the lads, and sprang to her feet with a slight cry, and advanced to them—her hands stretched out before her, and she was saying something. Now when she made this sudden and quick advance, Colin M'Calmont, despite himself, retreated a couple of steps; but he kept his face towards her; and then he stood. (To le continued). 