BOOK THE FIFTH.— THE COTTAGE. Chapteb XLIX. — Emily Suffers. Mrs. Ellmotber — left in charge of Emily's place of abode, and feeling sensible, of her lonely position from time to time — -had just thought of trying the cheering influence of a cup of tea, when she heard a cab draw up at the cottage gate. A violent ring at the bell followed. She opened the door, and found Emily on the steps. One look at that dear and familiar face was enough for the old servant. ' God help us,' she oried, ' what's wrong now?' s Without a word of reply, Emily led the way into the bed-chamber whioh had been the scene of Miss Letitia's death. Mrs. Ellmotber hesitated on the threshold. ' Why do you bring me in here?' she asked. Why did yon try to keep me out?-' Emily answered. ' When did I try to kCCP you out, miss ?' ' When 1 came home from school to nurse tny aunt, io, you remember now ! Is it true — | ask you here, where your old mistress died— is it true that my aunt deceived me about my father's death, and that you knew it?' There was dead silence. Mrs. Ellmotber trembled horribly— her lips dropped apart— her eyes wandered roqnd the room with a stare of idiotio terror. Is it her chost tells yon that?-' she whispered. ' Where. Ml her ghost? The room whirls round and round, Emily sprang forward to support her. She staggered to a chair, and lifted her great bony hands m wild entreaty. ' Don't frighten uoe, she said. '.Stand back.' Emily obeyed her. She dashed the cold sweat off her forehead. ' Yoo were talking about your father's death just now,' she burst out, in desperate, defiant tones. ' Your father died of heart complaint !' My father died murdered in the inn at Zeeland ! All the long way to London I have tried to doubt it. Oh, me, I know it now !' Answering m those words, she looked towards the bed. Harrowing remembrances of her aunt s delirious self-betrayal made the room unendurable to her. She ran out. The parlour door was open. Entering the room she passed by a portrait of her father, whioh her aunt had hung on the wall over the fire place. She threw herself on the sofa and burst into a passionate fit of crying. ' Oh my father— my dear, gentle, loving father,' my first, best, truest friend— murdered ! murdered ! Oh, God, where was Your justice, where was Your mercy, when he died that dreadful death V A hand was laid on her shoulder : a voice said to her, ' Hush, my child ! God knows best. Emily looked up, and saw that Mrs. Ellmother had followed her. « You poor old soul, she said, suddenly remembering I frightened you in the other room.' ' I have got over it, my dear. I am old : and I have lived a hard life. A bard life schools a person. I make no complaints ; I learnt my lesson before you were born.' She stopped, and began to shudder again. ' Will you believe me if I tell you something ?' she aske<L « I warned my self-willed mistress. Standing by your father's coffin, I warned her. Hide the truth as you may (I said), a time will come when our child will know what you are keeping from her now. One or both of us may live to eee it. I am the one who has lived y no refuge -in the grave for me. 1 went to hear about it— there's no fear of frightening or hurting me now— I want to hear how you found It out. Was it by aocident, my dear, or did a person tell yon ?' _ runny » mma was lar away from Mrs. Ellmother. She rose from the sofa, with her hands held fast over her aohing heart. The one duty of my life,' shq said ; « lam thinking of the one duty of my life. Look \ I am calm now; I am resigned to my hard lot. Never, never again can the dear memory o| iqy father be what it was ! From this time, it is the horrid memory of a crime. The crime has gone unpunished; the man has escaped others. He shall not escape me.' She paused, and looked at Mrs. Ellmother absently. ' What did you Bay just now ? You want to hear how I know what I know? Naturally! naturally! Sit down here -sit down, my old friend, on the sofa with me— and take your mind back to Netherwoods. Alban Morris ' Mrs. Ellmother recoiled from Emily in dismay. 'Don't tell me he had anything to do with it 1 The kindest of men, the best of men!' The man of all men living who least deserves your good opinion or mine.' Emily answered, sternly. I V„.. 11 a- m> .T- . . - inmnotner exclaimed, 'wow say that !' X say it. He who won on me to like him, he was in the conspiracy to deceive me, and you know it ! He heard me talk of the news paper story of the murder of my father — I say he heard .me talk of it composedly, talk of it carelessly, in the innocent belief that it was the murder of a stranger, and he never opened his lips to prevent that horrid profanation ! He never even said, " Speak of something else; I won't bear you." No more c£ him ! God forbid I should ever see him again. No ! Do what I told you. Carry your micd back to Netherwoods. Que night you let Francine de Sor frighten you. You ran away from her into the garden. Keep quiet ! At your age must I set you an example of self-control ?' ' i want to know, Miss Emily, where Francine deSor is now.' ' She is at the house in the country whioh I have left.' 4 Where does she go next, if you please ? Back to Miss Ladd?' ' I suppose so. What interest have you in knowing where she goes next ?' 'I won't interrupt you, miss. It's true that I ran away into the garden. .1 oan guess who followed me. How did she find her way to me and Mi. Morris in the dark ' The smell of tobacco guided her ; she knew who smoked ; shs had seen him talking to you on that very day ; she followed the scent ; shq heard what you two said to each otjher, god she has repeated it to me. Oh, my old friend, the malice of a revengeful girl has enlightened me when you, my nurse, and he, my lover, left me in the dark— it has told me how my father died !.' That's said bitterly, miss P ' Is it said truly ?' 'No; it isht said truly ol myself. God knows yog would never have been kept in the dark if yojur aunt had listened to me. I begged and prayed; I went down on my knees fei-tV Lnarned hF» aa told yu just now. Jfe? \ Jf- V<m headstrong woman Mips Letrisa was? She insisted. She nut the ehoioe hefore me of leaving her at once and for ever or giving in. I wouldn't have given in to any other creature en the hue of this earth. I am obstinate, as you have often to-d me. Well, your aunt's obstinacy beat mine ; I was too fond of her to Fay no. Besides, if you ask me who was to blame in the first place, I tell you it wasn't yoer aunt — she was frightened into it.' ' Who frightened her ?' | Your godfather — the great London surgeon — ne who was visiting in our house at the time.' ' Sir Richard ?' ' Yes ; Sir Richard. He said he wouldn't answer for the consequences, in the delicate state of your health, if we told you the truth, an, ne had it all his own way after that. He went with Miss Letitia to the inquest : he won over the coroner and the newspaper men to his will ; he kept your aunt's name out of the papers ; he took oharge of the coffin ; he hired the undertaker and his men, strangers J he wrote the certificate— who but he? Everybody was cap In hand to the famous man !' 'Surely the servants and the neighbours ttBiicu questions i 'Hundreds of questions! What did that matter to Sir Richard ? They were like so many children in his hands. And, mind you, the luck helped him. To begin with, there was the common name. Who was to pick out your poor father among the thousands of James Browns? Then, again, the honse and lands went to the male heir, as ' they oalled Lim— the man your father quarrelled with in the bygone time. He brought his own establishment with him. Long before you got back from the friends you were staying with — don't you remember it?— we bad cleared out of the house ; we were miles and miles away ; Aid the old servants were scattered abroad, finding new situations wherever they could. How could you sus pect us? We had nothing to fear in that way; but my conscience pricked me. I made another attempt to prevail on Miss Letitia when you had recovered your health. I said : " There is so fear of a relapse now. Break it to her gently, but tell her the truth." No. Your aunt was too fond of you. She daunted me with droadfnl fits nt X tried to persuade her. And that wasn't the worst of it. She bade me remember what an excitable man your father was ; she reminded pe that the misery of your mother's death laid him low with brain fever. She said - " Emily takes after her father ; I have heard you say it yourself. She has his constitution and his sensitive nerves. Don't you know how she loved him— how she talks of him to this day? Who can tell, if we are not careful, what dreadful mischief we may do V That was how my mistress worked on me; I got infected with her fears ; it was as if I had caught an infection of disease. Oh, my dear, blame me, if it must be, but don't forget how I have suffered for it since ! I was driven away from my dying mistress, in terror of what she might say while you were watching at her bedside. I have lived in fear of what you might ask me, and have longed to go back to you, and have not had the courage to do it. Look at me now !' The poor woman tried to take out her handkerchief ; her quivering hand helplessly entangled itself in hsr dress. « I can't even ary my eyes,' she said, faintly. ' Try to forgive me, miss,- Emily put her arms round the old nurse's neck and kissed her. - For awhile they were silent. Through the window that was open to the little garden came the one Bound that could be heard the gentle trembling of leaves in the evening wind. The silence was harshly broken by the bell at the cottage door. They both started. Emily's heart beat fast. ' Who oan it be ?' she said. Mrs. Ellmother rose. 'Shall I say yon can't see anybody ?' she asked before leaving the room. ' Yes ! yes !' Emily heard the door opened, heard low voices in the passage. There was a momentary interval. Then Mrs. Ellmother returned She said nothing. Emily spoke to her. 'Is it a visitor ?' , ' Yea.' ' Have you said I can't see anybody <?> ' I couldn't say it.' " 'Why not?' , . ' ; Doa!f h®. kfd on him, my dear, It' Mr. Alban Morris/ nr Dhapteb L.— Miss Ladd Advises. Ellmotber eat by the dying embers t lz |ltc?en fire' thinking over the events of the day in perplexity and distress. bhe haa waited at the cottage door for a friendly word with Alban after he faad left Emily, The stern despair in his face warned her to let him go in silence. She had lo©ked into the parlour next. Pale and cold, Emily lay on th8 sofa — -sunk in helpless depression of body and mind. Don't speak to me, she whlBpered, ' I am quite worn out. It was but too plain that the view of Alban's conduot which - she had already expressed was the view to whioh she had adhered at the interview between thorn. They had parted in grief — perhaps in anger — perhaps for ever. Mrs. Ellmother lifted Emily in compassionate silenoe and carried her npstairs, and waited by her until she slept. In tha stjfll hours of the night, the thooghto of the faithful old servant— -dwelling for awhile on past and present— advanced, by 3; Blow degrees, totfonsideration of. the j fioubtp i ful future. .Meaeuringr thB-best of . her ability, the tespw&eibilifcy; which had fallf Hon f her, she felt that itxwas more thqn riie opnld bear, or ought to bear, atones To whomr could she locdi for help ? f Emily's friendsat tbe-oountry house were strangers to her. Doctor Allday was near at band ; but Emily had fwbid&eh; -hereto amid for him. 4 He will torment me. Willi questions,' she said; Vand I want to keep my mind quiet if L can.' But one person . . was left to whore eyel-ready kindness Mrs. Ellmother oould'appeai, and that person was Miss Ladd. . v It would have been easy to aek the help qf the good sohoolmistreshin comforting ana , ' ' advising the favourite pupil whom Bhe loved. Bnt Mrs. Ellmother had another object in view; she was determined that the cold blooded crnelty of Emily's treacherous friend ehonld not be allowed to triumph with r impunity. If an ignorant old woman cocld ; do nothing else, she could tell the plain truth, and could leave Miss Ladd to decide whether such a person as Franoine deserved to remain under her care. , To feel justified n taking this etep was One thing ; to put it all clearly in writing was another. After vainly making the attempt over night, Mrs. Ellmother tore up her letter, and communicated with Miss Ladd by means of & telegraphic message in the morn ing. 4 Miss Emily is in great distress. I must not leave her. I have something besides to say to you which cannot be put into a letter. Will von Dlease come to ns ?' I Later in the forenoon Mrs. Ellmother was called to the door by the arrival of a visitor. The personal appearance of the stranger impressed her favourably. He was a hand some little gentleman ; his manners were winning, and his voice was singularly pleaeant to hear. ; I have come from Mr, Wyvil's house in i the country,' he said ; 4 and I bring a letter from his daughter. May I take the oppor- ' ft anifcy of asking if Miss Emily is well? Far from it, sir, I am sorry to say. She is so poorly that she keeps her bed.' I At this reply the vieitor's face revealed such sincere sympathy and regret that Mrs. Ellmother was interested in him ; she added 1 a word more. 4 My mistress has had a hard | trial to bear, sir. I hope there is no bad ( news for her in the young lady's tetter V I ' On the contrary, there is news that she will be glad to hear — Miss Wyvil is coming I here this evening. Will you excuse my j Biking if Miss Emily has had medical j advice ?' j 4 She won't hear of seeing the doctor, sir, j rr.i s j 2 .i i s i. _ i- I s a gooa irieaa 01 nere, ana ne lives cicsg by. I am unfortunately alone in the hofiee. If I could leave her, I would go at once and aik his advice. 'Let me go!' Mirabel eagerly proposed. Mrs. Ellmothei's face brightened. 4 That's kindly thought of, sir ; if you don't mind the trouble.' 4 My good lady, nothing is a trouble in your youug mistress's service. Give me the j doctor's name and address, and tell me what to say to him.' j 4 There's one thing you must be careful of,' Mrs. Ellmother answered. 4 He musn't come here as if' he had been sent for ; she would refuse to see him.' Mirabel understood her. 4 1 will not forget to caution him. Kindly tell Miss j Emily I called — my name is Mirabel. I will 1 return to-morrow.' j He hastened away on his errand, only to I find that he had arrived too late. Dr. I Aliday had left London — called away to & serious case of illness. He was not ex- I peoted to get back until late in the after- J noen. Mirabel left a message, saying that 1 he would return in the evening. j (to be continued.) j 