A DAUGHTER OP THE PEOPLE. CHAPTER V. CONTINUED. Meanwhile, in England, Doctor Ryland was eating his heart out for love of her; not a line had rcnched him from her in all the weary months, not a sign that she remem bered him, and at limes lie feared she was dead. Vivien was with him always, gentle, thoughtful, kind, and at times he was sorely tempted to nsk her to marry him in the hope that thus he might forget Desiree ; but no wiles of hers, no siren charms, could turn liis heart to her, and he wont on foolishly loving, vainly hoping (so said the world), to see his darling once again. So the weeks and months wore by until a year had passed, and siill no news of Desiree; and because Vivien was always with Bruce, always his kindly, genial com panion, folks began to link their names to gether,- so that the beauty hoped at last her love and patience were to be rewarded. Then Bruce fell a victim to bronchitis, and Vivien shared the night-watches with his mother, until her face grew palo and her eyes heavy. Sick almost to death, but keenly alive to all around, at last he saw and recognised his cousin's love, and in his heart he pitied her, longed to repair the un conscious wrong he had wrought for her. Lying weak and wear)' on his bed he watched Vivien with curious, kindly eyes, and many a time the temptation was on him to make her his wife, to put away from him self the 'dreadful future, the irrevocable past.' But as yet he restrained himself, knowing, as he did in his saner .moments, that no woman save Desiree could satisfy his heart or make life a goodly and glad thing. So ho rose from his sick bod, pale, listless, emaciated—the very ghost of his former self, for he had fought fiercely for life. It was necessary that he should leave Arleyford for a time, so a friend of his volunteered to take his practice for two months; and Bruce, -with his mother and cousin, started for a more congenial cli mate. How sweet and loving was Vivien in those days, how subservient to his every, wish 1 but all her love and longing could not win his hear1;. Yet still she went on hoping, dreaming, plotting, never doubting that in the end he would turn to her; that her love would ' beget love;' AH Paris rang with praise of her beauty, and Desiree was forgotten. The young nobility flocked around her, and' she de lighted in their homage, their flattery. Yet in all and through all she clung to Bruce. One evening she sat alone with ;Mrs."Ry land. 1 * 'Aunt,' she said, suddenly, 'I wonder where that girl is now ?' ' My dear Vivien, what does it;isignify to us where she is? It is enough for'me to know that she has spoiled my son's, life and darkened yours !' and Mrs. Rylahd's -face grew hard. ' But, aunt, he will forget!' ■ i-it 'I am afraid notl Oh 1 child; I do not wish to wound you, but I believe he,-will never love another woman as he,does h.er 1' ' I would be content with so little,'iViyien sajd, ' and in time I would teach''trim.to' love me entirely, to the utter forgetfulrifcss of Desiree Vernon !' : : ; ,o '' But Mrs. Ryland's face wore no look of hope. * I 1 ■ irv-.a ,v;-l ' I believe he will love her 'to'the.',end! '■ and she was1 not far wrong. In all and tlirorigh all, despite grief and shame, sorrow and regret, lie would love Desiree, and cling to her memory, hoping in; the end to stand face to• face with her, and to receive from her dear lips the expla nation of all that was so hard to understand. , Sweeter than life was she to him ; dearer than wealth or honour. So he waited in a madness of impatience for the day when they should come face to face, when all doubts, all clouds, should pass away, and in the fulness of perfect love they two should clasp hands again, never more to loose that hold. One day a Frenchman spoke casually to Brnce of ' a fair demoiselle of your country,' who had set Paris aflame with her beauty, and added that she was as cold to all woo ing as she was rich and beautiful. Finally she had gone away in a lutrry, folks said, to rid herself of Count D'Desgardin's atten tions. 'Although he was handsome and highborn, Mademoiselle Vernon turned a deaf ear to all his entreaties.' Had the Frenchman been a man of dis crimination, ho would have seen a sudden light flash into his companion's hazel eyes, and'a flickering of red shine through the . pallor of his face. Very quietly he asked,— ,'What was mademoiselle's Christian name?' ' Desiree.. Do you know her ?' v^cry well; but she has been from Eng land so. long that I was totally ignorant of her-wheroabouts. You see, though friends, olii'Tijcorrespondence was of a most desultory kind. Do you know where mademoiselle and her friends were bound for ?' '' They were going through Franco into Germany; that is all I know,, except that they left Paris three months ago.' But for Bruce it was sufficient. To his mother's surprise and Vivien's annoyance (for she loved the gay capital) he hurried them from Paris, and travelled through the beautiful countrj', scarce allowing his com panions time to admire the scenery or win der about the little quaint towns and vil lages where they halted. Mis one thought was Desiree, his only hopo to meet her again, and force from her an explanation of her mysterious conduct. Then, by his pleadings and reasonings, to overcome her scruplcs, and win her for his wife. ' ( The very fact that she had no acknow ledged suitor, that she had proved obdurate to5 the young Count's wooing, convinced him she loved him still; so, with a new hopefulness, ho sought her, and Vivien Wondered, when she saw the light in his oyes, heard the old, gonial ring in his voice, and tlion blindly told herself he was loarn ingi'to love her, and was glad because of him. He was now quite restored to health, and one morning it struck him with horrible force that his two months of rest were almost gone. 1-Ie said in his heart he could, not, come what might, roturn to England until he had found Desiree. Thoy had now reached a small, quiet German town, and here Bruce determined to res', for a day or two. He could not tell why it was, but a strange presentimont had seized him that here he should moet De- I sirec, and while laughing at the con/iction I lie yet determined not to disregard it. Vivien snid that though the town was dull, she liked it; perhaps the chief reason for her liking was that here Bruce could find no congenial companion but herself; her heart was full of him, and now she did not doubt lie loved her. 'Soon,' she thought, 'he will tell me of his love. ' Oh 1 Bruce, my love ! my love !' And she felt no remorse for the pangs she had made Desiree endure, only joy thnt by her strategy she had won for herself a life of love and boundless happiness. The awakening was soon to come, and for her it would be terrible indeed 1 