SPORTING NOTE. By Newmarket, With racing men so anxious to get away to Tasmania, and the Newmarket Handicap so nearafc hand,! t was not: to be Vpndered at that the meetios at Cauifieid. on Satur- day last, mus not .quite as successful as mightirave been wiMied Thde is nb doubt, too, that the unsettled aspect of the weather kept a good many people away from the conrse. I thought Assegai shaped wonder fully well in the Hurdle Race for a comparative novice at the game, though I did not particularly admire the style he was piloted. Every time I see Belle Brandon, 1 think what a grand jmare she is. to send to Sussex. If the union would not result in the production of something tc un common good " it wonld indeed be sur prising. It is a remarkable coincidence that Camerine.arid antippe should poll off the same double event that they placed to their owner's credit last year. Distiller dis- played a rare dash of foot for about seven furlongs, when he appeared to have runliim- self out, as he tired perceptiby in the run home. He comes from a good family, however, and I am sure that the sou of Smuggler only wants time to, be a, more, than useful horse- Straggler sadly misbehaved himself in the Steeple chase, and those who had 3 to 1 about him must have felt sorely disappointed when they saw him stuck up at the fence in the dip. What a monument of horseflesh Mr. S. Miller possesses in Meander, who Is said to be eighteen hauds high. He showed some pace, too, that is if they were all " on the job," which is more than a good many of thoee preegpt believed. While meiropolit&n; raoing men were calmly regarding the oontoata provided at Oanlfield by the Y.A.T.O., an unpretending, but pleasant meeting was being decided at Bapanynp. From the report published, the weatbef appears to have been mob favourable than that experienced tin the metro polis on Saturday, And th« wd to have been very arge,-Ol oouree,vi country rape meeting without- Itaidln Plate as an opening would ba tike the production of Hamlet" with the melancholy ! prince left cut, and the Bcpanyup promoters of the ncbto epcrt had too keen a sense of the " orcfer of things" ta deviate from tie t ir 2-1)1 « lured cusrom, and the meet- Jtaiden trace. Uuionunatety tor Uotuitiy. man, thb hosts Mhlsti- feme in fcth be was subjected toaploteit, on the ground that he had «0h an adveHleed raoe, and had thns violated the conditions of the con. test. The matter is, I believe, coder consideration of the stewards. the Bapanynp Handicap was won by Mr, Duxton's Quilt, with Gazelle second, and Doubtful Jack third. Councillor carried off the Hurdle Bscs, beating Trinket and Fallacy. Irralee won the Trot, and Quilt further proved his excellence by placing the Flying Handicap to his ownei'a credit, Gazelle agai-j btiogfseeondt and Scandalous third. Glencoe Seated Shamrock In the Selling Race, dad ah meeting terminated by Purnim appropriating the Hack Bace. Murtoa waf en fete on Tuesday last, whra the local olub held its annual race meet ing. The weather, we are told, was all that could be desired, and that is saying a good deal, considering that Murtoa is an agricultural district, and farmers are proverbially bard to please in the matter of Weather. The racing commenced with the Maiden Plate, which attracted half a dozen runners, and resulted in a victory for Esmeralda, with Ellcnors second, and The Lady thud, A similar number weighed out for the Hurdle Bace, and though Councillor made most of the running; he tired in the run borne, ani Progress won, Artist gaining third position. Royalty achieved an easy victory in tbe Belling Rioe, Purnim and Lavender dividing the place honours. Tbe Murtoa Cup was ap propriated by thk ex-bordleracer Gambler, Who at one time was owned by Mr. Eli Jellett. The son of Patii&ich; and The Dos ran a great race, and com pared the mile and a half in tbe respectable time. of 2min. 4A£sec. Quilt ws tecon i, a length in advanoe of tbe favourit , Oculist, Tbe day's sport was concluded wi'h the Flying Stakes, %hich Carried off by Avon, with Sham roe fc second, and Mickey Free third. A meeting of the stewards and others Connected with the Ddnolly Jockey Was held on Monday, at the Bendigo hotel, and there was a large attendance. It was decided that the annual race meeting this year should be held on the 30th March ccxf, and all the preliminary arrangements to make tbe meeting a success were effected. At a recent meeting, the committee of the Hamilton Bacing Club decided upon the following programme for the races to be held on the 22nd and 23rd April Maid en Prate, of £20 ; Hurdle Race, ot £-K) ; 0 up, of £100 ; Selling Poce, of ££C ; Bracelet, of £21 ; Galloway Race, of £10 ; Tril Stakes, of £20 ; Club Handicap, of £.r>0 ; Juvenile Stakes, of £30 ; Steeplechase, of £50 ; Flying Handicap, of £30 ; Selling Race, of £30. Although Corolanns and Mozart mono polised the betting for the Hobart Cup for the past week, the news of the victory of Bingwood was loot altogether unexpected in Melbourne. The victory of the champion hnrdleracer must have been vry popular, ds the winner " bred Mr. John Field, of Tasmania, and was got by St. Albans from Deception, by Bay Middleton The finish appears to have been very close and exciting, Bicgwood only just getting home by a neck from Mozart, while the oft disappointing Coriolaous Was third. The winner was riddeh by Alex. Robertson. Batty steered Castlebar to victory in the Hurdle Bace, the old mare Canezoo being second, and Merryman third, Bonnie Blue with O'Brien up oarried off the Maiden Piste, defeating tbe favourite, Wavetley, Young Horatio, and three others. Waverltjproved victorious in the Rlwick Stakes, and Warfield landed the Ladies' tirsoe'eti As Williamson rode the winners, of both events it will be seen that the Victorian jockeys Were quite invincible on the opening day. On the fol lowing day, Elslnore won the Goodwood Scake«) followed home by Astronomer and uyunie xzuuaee. eeiog very lenienny penalised for his victory over Cantzon on the first day, Castle bar pulled off the Second Eicidle Bace in a canter from Mineivi Daring the race C%nez<>a broke down badly. Riugwood had no difficulty in winning tbe Derwent Plate from his only opponents, Hobart and Bonnie Scotland. In the Nar- eery Stakes, the favourite, Bonnie Coofl, got away badljrt and Eohia, by Manuka. ho got a lot the best of the start, won in a canter. After the race, Seating, rider of Boonie Doon, was brought before the stewards for suspicious riding, bat ae nothing could be proved against bim, be was discharged. Waver ley appropriated the Secretary's Cup, but The Knave does not appear to have been bandied very skilfully, as his rider (Mr. Smith) was oalied upon for an explanation, and w&fi; oamioned to be more careful in future. The following stakes woo at the V.A.T.C. meeting held on Saturday were paid over to the lucky winners on Monday : -Mr. G. Davis, first. Hawkeburu Handicap, £153 ; Mr. ti. - \ i ler, first, Steeplechase, £136 ; Mr, T. Ccffey, first, Hurdle Race, £116 ; Mr. J. Wbittingham, first, St. Valen tine's Handicap, £100 ; Mr. H. Bracken, first. Selling Steeplechase, £75 ; Mr. J. H -mill, first, Novel Selling Race, £50 ; Mr. J. G. Reid, second, Hawksburn Handicap, £20 ; Mr. W M'Leod, second. Steeplechase, £20; Mr. J. A. Lang, third, Hawksburn Handicap, £10; Mr. A. Johnson, third. Steepleohase, £10 Mt. J. Simeon, second, Hurdle Bare, £2 ; making a total of £692. _ The stakes won over the late Geelong Summer Meeting h&ve.been; paid away as follow : — Mr. J, Wilson, first, Foal ST&kee;, £335 ; Mr. M. 0Shanas«y, first, Sucre' Produce Stekee, £315 ; Mr. G. Davis, first, Gold Cap, £290, and cup value 100 tineas ; Mr. A. Halinbourg, first, Geelong andicajv £170 ; Mr. W. P. Neil, first, Steeplechase, £110 ; Mr. J. Wilson, nomi nator of sire of winner Produce Stakes, £100; Mr. A. L. Johnson, firat, Hurdle Race, £84 ; Mr. R Hcwj first, Stewards' Purse, £83 ; Mr. S. Mabon, first, Conne- warre Plate, £75 ; Mr A. Halinbourg, first, Grand Stand Stake?, £74 ; Mr.' B. Phillips, first, Trial Stakes, £71 ; Mr. R. Phillips, firat, Ladies Bracelet, £54 and bracelet value 50 gaineas ; Mr. D. M. 1 R ibertson, first, Si?lhng 8 takes, £25 ; Mr. J. Witoou. twawi hires' Produce Stake. £ 50 ; i M«-. H. Phifl ps, second. Foal Stakes, £30 ; 'Sir W. J; Clarke, sreond. Gold Cop, £25 ; sBdcKad Bsdies' Bracelet, £20 ; Ht. M. Jacobs, seoood, Geelong HasdsBap, £20 ; Mr. Ooffe secorid v13te#ardBs Purse, £10 Mir, £10 ; Mr. p.jM. Robertson, second.Grismd Stand Stakefi, £|0 ; J.T&timls;/ MftdL Foal Stakes, £10 ; Mil- S. GaidineT, thtkcl Sires' Produce Stakes, £10 ; Mr. W, Pear son, third. Gold Gap, £10 i Sir W. J. Clarke, third, G belong Handicap, £5 ; with eeveral smaller amounts bringing tha total to £2,027. I had a good look at King of the Gipsies on Saturday last, and though big and above himself, he is a great goer, and I shall be surprised if he doesn't turn out a pretty good investment for his present owner ere long. Strolling through Kirk's Bazaar the other day, I was invited by Mr. Jenkins, the well- known sporting saddler, to have a look over his stock. The exterior view of the Baddlery repository is decidedly limited, bat one could 1 scarcely require a better illustration of the saying multum in parvo than to see the way that Mr. Jenkins, jun., utilises the space inside the premises. Knowing my predilections for sport, the pro prietor of the establishment showed me a case of reoently-imported racing saddles manufactured by the well-known Newmarket firm nf RriVAn anil "Rod o ere Thar arc a perfect marvel of the saddlery art, com bining wonderful strength with exceeding lightness, as they weigh only lib. 3oz. These saddles have become very much eought after by all our leading jockeys, and Mr. Jenkins finds it hard to supply the demand for them. The display of both racing and ordinary bridles is very large, and it would be hard indeed if the owner of the most veritable puller could not obtain a bridle at the little depot a,t Kirk's Bazaar. I was also shown some capitally made hunting saddles. There was no at tempt to adhere to the traditional riding saddle, for in the manufac ture of the mountings shown to me it was evident that the maker allowed common eense to have a share in the work, the result being that while a much neater and lighter saddle was produced, care had been taken to make it fit the natural pose of the legB and seat. The brougham and buggy harness is in great variety, and the set of four-in-hand harness that the firm has just supplied to Sir William Clarke is a most stylish specimen of workmanship. After being shown a large assortment of racehorse clothing, I left, being well pleased with my visit. Among the visitors to Caulfied on Saturday were Captain Maxwell and Mr. Bossall, two enthusiastic racing and coursing men from the old country. Unlike the majority of Englishmen who come to Australia, tbesr- gectlemen did not express their contempt for nro.vfWinrr nnlnnial. hnt Rnnkfl hiffhlv of the sport provided by Mr. Bond's club. The contest in the Hurdle Race especially pleased Captain Maxwell, who asked me whether we often have as large fields, and as good a race, as that won by Belle Brandon. Mr. I Fouleham, the trainee of Salvo, was fined £10 for not scratching the colt for the St. Valentine's Handicap within the time epeoified in the rules. Among the list of passengers by the in coming mail steamer, I notice the names of Messrs. W. Glasscock and E. Weeks, who are returning from India. The Newmarket authorities have refused to grant a trainer's lioenoe to Charley Wood, the well-known English jockey, -who has recently erected extensive stabling, with a view of combining training with riding. Herbert Neep, the well-known trainer, and manager of Mr. John Field's stud farm at Exton, Tasmania, died suddenly on Mon day from heart disease. He leaves a widow and five children. I am glad to say that the persistent efforts of the committee of the Williamst own Bacing Club to eonvinee the Bailway De partment that a revenue of at least £300 a year oan be derived by the construction of a short and inexpensive line of railway branch ing from the Geelong line to the course is at last likely to bear fruit, for, in answer to a deputation from the club on Wednesday last, Mr Speight promised to go down and inspect the ground on Saturday next, with a view of arriving at the probable cost of tbe line. There has been scarcely any betting over tbe Newmarket Handicap this week. On Monday Battalious was entrusted to win about L17,000 at 100 to 3 and 4. On the strength of Zantippe's win on Saturday, some investments were made in favour of Prometheus at 100 to 5. Favouritism, however, is divided between Couingshy and Sir Garnet, who are quoted at 100 to 8 each. The Ghost and Mascotte have also met with support at 100 to 4. Severa . others have been backed for small sums. Among the latest arrivals at Flemington is Mr. M. Fennelly, who has bought over the Hon. J. White s string, comprising Bargo, Monta Car is to, Tremando, Mascotta, Uralla, and Matchlock. The representatives of the blue and white banner have been taken to their old quarters at Mr. F. Morfeison's. At the present juncture, when such im portant events as the Newmarket Handicap and the Australian Cup are impending, the publication of the autumn edition of « ' Centaur's Index" will be welcomed by tne student of the turf. This handy little com pilation is got up with its usual complete ness, and as it can be obtained from all booksellers for one shilling, it should enjoy a ready sale. In looking through the " Index," I failed to observe a record of Oamerine's performances. In referenoe to a recent paragraph of mine relating tb the sale of the racehorse Wing, Mr. T.J3. Clibborn informs me that Mr. A. Benson, as agent for Mr. B. Bonse, of Birigambie, bought tbe eon of Grand Master and Queen Bee from him as agent for the vendor, Mr. S. A. Black man, for 500 guineas Tbe booths, gates and other privileges in eonneotion with the approaching VB.C. Autumn Meeting will be Bold at Kirk's Bazaar on Monday, tbe 23rd inet. Two men, named W. H. Spoffortb and A. Turner who have been running a totalizator Club in Sydney, have been fined 40s. each or a week's imprisonment. _ A New Zealand paper gives it as a vague rumour that the Hon. J. White has purchased Welcome Jack for £2,000. A mixed programme of bicycle races ana athletic sports will be decided on the Mel. pume Cricket'groand, under the auspices of JlboumeiSportV Dep6t, on Saturday Is of a LaaieB' Bracelet Baee, the ritef6|toJho&ij; by ladies. Mr. J. Wfcgnet started oh Wtflp to Europe on SUurday last. Mr. Campbell, jun., of Kirk's Bazaar, has also gone on a visit to the old country. advertisement, Mr. Byron Moore, invites applications for the position of judge to the Victoria Bacing Club. . The friends of the popular jockey T. Hales will be pleased to hear that he is fast recover ing and will, soon be about again. The Gordon and Egerton Bacing Club will hold its annual meeting on the 6th March, instead of the 19th February. A liberal pro gramme has been issued to-day. There are six events, viz., Maiden Plate, Selling Bace, Gordon and Egerton Handicap, Handicap Hurdle Bace, Miners' Hack Race, and Handi- cap Trot. Nominations for the Gordon and Egerton Handicap and Handicap Hurdle Race will close at 8 p.m. on the 21st February, at Green s Railway hotel. All entries must be sealed and -addressed to the- secretary, at Green's hotel, Gordon, not later than 8 pan., on Thursday, 5th March, O wners responded very liberally on Thurs- day last to the call of Mr. Hay don, and the £66Ult 13 that HQ Iars ffiAn fnrtr_cnwaii ; capable horses nave been nominated for the Elsternwick Park Cup. Tasmania ia we'I represented by Mr. C. S. Agnew and Mr. R. G, Talbot, who nominate seven between them. Tne weightB will be pub fished on tbe 9th of May. At one time it looked as if the Flemington tracks would be deserted by a greater number of owners in favour of the. more secluded private training ground. Somehow the private establishments have not 41 panned out particularly well," and the result is that trainers still stick to head-quarters. As there wili be a large number of horses in work this month, Jonathan, the ranger, has been directing bo me attention to the different tracks, which are now in excellent going order, dispite the continued dry weather. Sine j the decision of the Victorian Club in the Hurricane case, circumstances have come to light which, it is expected, will lead to tbe re opening of the matter. At the outset, Mr. Fleming stoutly maintained that the investment , made on Hnrrioane for the Hawkesbury Handicap was done in accordance with verbal instructions made by Mr. Milne in South Australia some months before the raoe, and that the telegram received by Mr. Fleming on the day of the race was understood to be merely a reminder to exeoute the commission. Irving ton and Delamia came over from Aoelaiae on Wednesday in oharge of Mr. W. Fiigate. jun., and were taken to their old quarters at the Baceoourse hotel. Carbuncle and Napier, have been removed to tbe seclusion of Brighton, where they will be put through the mill for their autumn engagements. Owing to the prohibitive betting laws in South Australia, some gentlemen interested in racing in Adelaide applied to the com mittee of the V.B C. for permission to hold the South Australian Jockey Club meeting at Flemington. The request has been freely granted, and it has been decided to hold the meeting on Saturday, the 2nd, Thursday, the7h, and Saturday, 9fch May. By his recent victories at Hobart King- wood has incurred a 51b penalty in the Australian Cup, which will bring his weight up 7st 131b. This burden, however, ought not io trouble him, and if all goes well with the sou of St. Albans, he should cut a very prominent figure in the contest to be run at Flemington on the 5th March. Espeigle has been struck out of the New market Handicap. Morphettville racecourse! with fixtures" was offered by auction on Thursday, The auctioneer stated that the S.A.J.C. bad expended nearly £10,000 on improvements, and said that he was loth to force the sale of the property, which was a national disgrace to S juth Australia. The property failed, however, to secure a hid, and was with drawn. I notice that Navigator's name appears among the ninety-four entries for the Hawkesbury Handicap. The gallant little black is also included in the seventy-five nominated for the Sydney Cup. Thursday last was a bury day aft the office of the V R.C., when general entries were made for the approaching autumn meeting, irie official sheet issued by Mr. Miita's staff is a very bulky document, and, as the entries lor all the events are numerous, the impend ing gathering should be a great success. " They have a Darby over in Persia. A lot of men eater their horses and deposit the entrance fees with the Shah. The race is then run, after which the Shah takes posses sion of the winner and sticks to all the en trance mouey. There is a business-like simplicity about sport in Persia, which speaks for itself." Very much the same thing prevailed in Victoria not so long ago, and I am not so sure but that in some instances a similar plan is not followed now. The committee of the Ben alia Racing Club have adopted the programme or the annual meeting for the 27th March : — Handicap Hurdle, 30 sovs., two miles and a quarter ; Benalla Handicap, 60 sovs , one mile and a half ; Trial Stakes, 20 sovs., one mile and a quarter ; Prince of Wales Stakes (handicap), 40 sovs., one mile, winner to be sold for L80 ; Farmers' Purse, 15 sovs., one mild, horses property of residents within twenty miles radius of Benalla ; Bailway Handicap, 40 sovs., one mile and a quarter ; Aconite Produce Stakes, club adding 10 sovs. to Mr. Cripps's purse of 50 sovs., two-year-olds, three-quarters of a mile. 