General News. The High School for Boys has dispersed for a 6even weeks vacation. This (Wednesday) afternoon the 'Vies.' will play a football match, with a chosen team from Fremantle, on the Esplanade. Mr. Alfred William Greswell Farcelly has been appointed a Notary Public for this Colony. We learn that a race-horse training es tablishment, upon Victorian principles, is shortly to be opened in Perth. At the present time there are 54 volun teer corps in New South Wales, ia addition to fee permanent force. The permanent Artillery Force of New South Wales has recently been increased to BOO men. The Building Act does not appear to work smoothly in Hobart, Tasmania. The nse of shingles for the covering of houses has been prohibited. The House of Commons has voted JE30, 000 to Princess Beatrice, who was recently married to Prince Henry of Battenburg, as a marriage portion Last month Mr. Bradlaugh, M.P. for Newcastle, made another unsuccessful at tempt to enter the House of Commons. The motion that he should be expelled was carried by a majority of forty-four votes. Each hon. member has been furnished with a pass, which will carry him free over all the Government Railways in the Colony. The first step towards the adoption of the principle of ' Payment of Members.' Mr. E. Keane, the well-known contrac tor, intends to entertain Sir John Coode at dinner oa Thursday evening next at the Criterion HoteL A large number of distin guished guestB have been invited to attend. We understand that Mr. Parker, M.L.C., has forwarded to the Secretary of the W.A. M.C. Benefit Society a cheque for a sub ^n.K .1 omnnnt-. as a. nTMAntabOR to that aluable institution. We learn that Mr. CoUett has leased the Jartaek and Goderieh-street corner pre aises from the Sons of Australia Benefit iociebv, where he purposes extending bis estaurant business. We regret to learn that news came to land by the English mail, ^rhicb arrived m Friday, of the death of Miss Caroline {anbury, who left this Colony about wo years ago for Paris, where she died. A Reuter's telegram published by us to lay states that Dr. Walsh, the new Arch nshop of Dublin, was consecrated on Sun lay last by Dr. Moran, Archbishop of Syd ley. We learn from Rotfcnest that a son of ttr. W. H. Timperly recently had the pupa -f one of his eyes cut during a game at 'hockey' with some of his comrades. The ad is now at Fremantie under treatment jy Dr. Hope. The Police Magistrate, in the case of Mis. Ellen Harper, who was charged with selling spirits without a license, delivered lis judgment on Friday. The result vas that Mrs. Harper was fined .£30 and iintenced to three hours' imprisonment. We hear that a party of miners — men wbo liave bad a large experience in the neigh bouring colonies— purpose testing a well tnown likely spot on the Canning land reputed to contain minerals. A curious contrivance, in the shape of a marine bicycle, has been constructed by Mr. ^airfield, of the City. It is the maker's intention to try his novel machine on the aver at au early date. From a return of carts and carriages, published in Thursday's Government Gazette, licensed in the City for the half year ending June 30, we learn that there are no less than 206 vehicles _ licensed tothatdate, as well as een vehicles used for carrying passengers. From Victoria Plains we hear that about a week ago a little boy, of about five years of age, was lost ia the bush while in charge of a herd of pigs. Up to the present time no trace of the child has been discovered, and it is feared that be has been killed and eaten by the pigs. Capt. A. T. Dale, who some tone since visited this ColoHy in command of EL M. S. Diamond— the same vessel now lying at Albany — has recently been appointed to the command of the turret-ship Devastation, one of the most formidable of England's ronclad fleet. Nothwiihstanding the inclement state of the weather, the High School Boys deter mined to have their annnal sports on Fri day. The matter wae left in the hands of the boys to decide whether they should nave them or not that day, when it wa& de cided by a majority that they should be carried on as annourc .-d. At the City Police Court on Friday the only case occupying the attention of the Bench was tiiat of a man named James Cuthbert, charged with being drunk last evening, uorpi. \jutney gave uie prisoner a bad character, and he received a sentence of two months imprisonment. Among the display* of fruit?, Sowers, and vegetables in one of the ' Pomona' temples in Hay-street, last Friday, an additional attraction was provided in the shape of a large-sized porker, suspended frsm a beam. Needless to say, piggy was dressed, and probably by this time ^ag furnished many toothsome morsels. Messrs. Fienburg and Rogers* sale of the Bayswater property, held in the Mechanics* Institute last Wednesday, was oneof the best attended auctions ever held in the Colony. The bidding was very spirited throughout, and although a large quantity of the land was withheld from sale, upwards of .£1,200 worth was disposed of. At the City Police Court yesterday, the Bench was unoccupied, the room was ompty, and the precincts of the building were minus of the usual jtosse of police, from the fact that yesterday and last sreuing' not even one case of drunkenness had to be re corded. Verily, the moral condition of the citizens is improving. Colonel Anglo's lecture on 'Tactics/' which was delivered to 1U« Metropolitan lii'lo Volunteers some short tiui-? a-^o. v.as repeatc-d t-. ti--.- Perth Artillery on 'Thurs- day ei'uiirag last and was a^ain deliver ed at Guildford List (Tuesday) even ing. The Naval Artillery from Fromantlc proceeded by rail in order to attend tUo lecture. As a proof of the value City property has attained in this Colony, we learn that a young West Australian, who recently visited Victoria, purchased a piece of land within three miles of Melbourne at a cheaper rate than he was alilo to -dose, a few days ago, for a block of similar size and situated the same distance from what has been fixed as the City boundary of Perth. The sale of shares in the Fremantle Gas & Coke Company has been so rapid that the promoters are in a position to announce by an advertisement appearing in another column tbat the share list will be clos ed against the public at 12 o'clock on Saturday, the 18th August proximo. In vestors will therefore do well to make their applications for shares at once. The launch of H. M. S. Benbow took place on the Thames on June 15. This latest and most formidable addition to the ' wooden walls' of England is a vessel of 10,000 tons displacement. Her armament will consist of two 110-ton guns, besides several smaller weapons, and is also fitted up with torpedoes. We will endeavor to give a description of the Benbow in an early issue. Last Friday the Metropolitan Rifles proceeded to the Esplanade, where they were put throagh a number of movements by Capt. SholL Afterwards Capt. Sherwood put tiie corps through the new attack for mation, and, considering the movement was gone through for the first time, the men got through it very welL A fairly good muster was in attendance. On Monday week some larrikins, who there is good reason to believe were not members of the 'lower class,' amused themselves by playing monkey-like mis chievous tricks in Hay-street. The centre handle of the front door of one well known citizen's house was wrenched off, and other equally objectionable pranks were indulged in. A few days ago we alluded to the splendid oranges to be seen in the Temple of Pomona in Hay- street-, and now we see that Mr. Liddelow has a large quantity equally fine fruit, same of which are more than three quarters of a pound in weight, and are 12 inches in girth. These splendid proofs of the fertility of Western Australian soil were grown on the Serpentine. The fact that a day or tvro ago an in dividual, wishing to get a bucket of water from the pump recently erected by the City Council near the main drain, opposite the Royal HoteL had first to go to the drain, fill his hat with water, and then pour it down the pump, is very conclusive evidence that the pump in question is sad ly in need of repairs. The Bandalweod market at Singapore, according to last Friday's mail, shows little signs of improvement. The local Exchange Market Report of June 23 states that the nominal quotation was $3 to $3*05 per picul; but $2 SS for 10 to 11 logs to the picul was the last price accepted, the market was dull, and buyers were not dis posed to offer. Drill-Instructor Campbell returned from his periodical visit of instruction to the Northern Volunteer Corps* on Saturday last. During his stay he had several day and night parades of the Geraldton and Northampton Rifles, as well as classes for instruction to the Officers and noncommis sioned officers of both corps. At the inspection of the Metropolitan Rifles on Saturday last, His Excellency the Governor, in conversation, stated that at one time he was connected with the Yeo manry, in England. Consequently, from a military standpoint His Excellency's promotion has been very rapid, as he now finds himself Commander-in-Chief of the forces in Western Australia. A number of cases were set down for hearing at the Local Court on Thursday, and an unusually large number of litigants were present, the plaintiffs in nearly every instance being accompanied by their ' led gers.' The wig and gown element was also largely represented, there being some half-dozen lawyers present who appeared to be bountifully provided with law- books, bearing numerous marks for reference. At a recent meeting of the Patriotic Fund Committee in Sydney, it was decided to purchase an endowment policy for £200, for the benefit of the Sepel children, pay able when they reach the age of 21 years. It will be remembered Mrs. Sepel was killed accidentally whustseeiogberhnshaiMl off among the Contingent. On hearing the accident the father returned from Ade laide whilst en route to the Soudan, but has since died. Mr. Jennings, a Tasmanian, is the object of much attention in the neighboring colo nies just now. His weight is 34| etone (4S31b6.), and he is described as being ' as merry as a cnv&ei.; an is cuici vi a. uwuiy of stout men, whose weights register from 17 to 34| stone. He is pointed to as a striking illustration of ths effects of the climate, in Tasmania, «w* brewers use his photograph as an advertisement, while the railway and steamboat companies favor him with free passes. A story is told of a shrewish Scotchwoman who tried to wean her husband from the dramshop by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost and frighten John on his way home. 'Who are yon?' said the gixidman, as the apparition rose before him from behind a bush. ' I am auld Nick, ' was the reply. 'Come awa' inon,' said John, nothing daunted, ' Gia's a shake o' your hand. I am married tae a sister o' yours.' In view of the early discussion in our Legislature of a Message sent dowa by His Excellency the Governor, with reference to an application which has been made by a pastoral company interested in the Euela district, for assistance in boring for water in that neighbourhood, we hare reproduced, in another part of this issue, a most inter esting account of the observations made in the locality, recently, by Mr. H. Y. L. Brown, Government Geologist of South Australia. We understand that Mr. John Jones, who is known in racing circles as the ' Mel bourne Jockey,' purposes proceeding to Rocbonrne by the next trip of the Otway, for the purpose of arranging to ship by the return trip of that vessel to Fremantle the racehorses Two of Hearts, Debater, and Logic. With these well-known horses Hi. Jones intends to contest the principal events of the W. A. Turf Club's next meet ing, a fact which wOl doubtless add con siderable interest to tbat occasion. Says The Sydney Morning Herald: — Cablegrams were recently received by the Government to the elect that two members of the New Sooth Wales Contingent have teen discovered in England. The same of one is Berry. How they arrived there is not explained, but it is supposed that, being id, perhaps to an unconscious degree, they were inadvertently placed oa board the wrong transport. They are now in Neuey Hospital, which is said to be one of the best institutions of the kind in Eng land. On Thursday evening, at about 8 o'clock, communication with Ashhurton by tele graph was opened. The completion of this additional link in our great northern tele graph testifies in a very pronounced man ner to the expedition with which tte line is being poshed forward, and to the comple tion at no distant date of the telegraph to Boebourne. The 'arrrral' of the telegraph at Aehburton was notified on the shipping notice board at the telegraph office in ' red ink' — a fact which points to the general interest shown in the work, even by the telegraph operators. Yesterday, Sir John Coode and his son. Sir. John Coode, accompanied l-v His Ex cellency the Governor, Hon. J. Amherst (Private Secretary), Hon. A. Wright, Dir ector of Public Works, and several other gentlemen, proceeded to Fremantle on a visit of harbor inspection in Jfr. Sauaders' steam yacht. The distinguished party will partake of luncheon at Fothergill's hotel. His Excellency's state saloon carriage was also taken to Fremantle by one of the early trains yesterday to lie in readiness to return with His Excellency and suite. ' And is this all ?' exclaimed the Police Magistrate on Monday in tones of sur prise (in which was to be detected the minor cord of grief), when he sentenced an old offender named George Robertson to seven days' incarceration for having been -lrunk in S. George's Terrace on Saturday evening. ' Yes, your Wash' up'' replied the officer in charge of the ' Coort.' ' Oh !' then sighed the Magistrate, adding in an almost unintelligible murmur words, which to reportorial ears, seemed to say, ' Then, like Othello, my occupation 's gone.' The Court then rose. A red-headed Chinaman is said to be met with as rarely as a ' white elephant,' and a celestial minus his capillary sub stance is almost as great a rarity. How ever, on Thursday a case ia the Local Court in which the plaintiff and defendant were Chinese, brought together a large number of Mongolians, one among the number showing the summit of his cranium to be almost as bare as a lard bladder. The neglect of the individual in question to requisition for a bottle or two of Rowland's Macassor Oil has resulted in his having what horsey men would term a rat-tailed queue. It is officially notified that the following gentlemen have been duly registered as Medical Practitioners for this Colony, under 'The Medical Ordinance, 1SG9' (33rd Victoria, No. 8) : — Robert John Lepper, Esquire, registered under the Imperial Medical Act; Licentiate and Licentiate in Midwifery of the Royal College of Physi cians, Edinburgh, 1877 ; Licentiate and Li centiate in Midwifery of the Royal College of Surgeons, Edinburgh, 1S77. Frederick John Ingoldsby, Esquire, registered nnder the Imperial Medical Act ; Member of the Royal College of Surgeons, England, 1S81 ; Licentiate and Licentiate in Midwifery, Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh, 1884. The word ' news ' is not, as many im agine, derived from the adjective new. In former years (between the years 1595 and 1730) it was a prevalent practice to put over the periodical publications 'of the day the initial letters of the cardinal points of the compass, thus : — N W — E S importing that those papers contained in telligence from the four quarters of the globe, and from this practice is derived the term of ' newspaper.' Referring to the proposal of the Mayor and the City Council relative to the City footpaths, a correspondent writes : — ' City Paths ! Wanted a Company formed to quarry Cardup slate for the City foot paths ; cartage 3J miles to the Jarrahdale railway crossing, Bunbury road, thence by rail to Rockingham, thence by river steam ers to Perth ; the total cost being less than the present estimate by at least twenty per cent. By such means the whole of the capital expended would be retained in the Colony, and the day might come when strangers would be so charmed with the excellence of our slate upon the footpaths, that the article might be exported to vari ous parts of the world for similar purposes, and thereby form one of our most valuable products.' As will be observed by an announcement in our business columns, sales of the re maining unsold blocks of the Bayswater property have been fixed to take place at the Mechanics' Institute next Friday even ing, and at the Criterion Hotel the follow ing (Saturday) night. In connection with the sale of the Baysvrator blocks at the Mechanics' Institute last Wednesday even ing, we hear of several purchases that ?were made upon that occasion having changed hands at highly satisfactory advances to the original buyers. Our readers will ob serve that at this week's sale of the Bays water property the auctioneers have re duced tiie upset price per Mock to £5, one half of which may remain unpaid for a con siderable periodafter purchase, and without interest. Brief particulars of a shocking calamity, whereby a man was literally boiled to death, have just reached os from Sydney. A telegram states : — A shocking occurrence took place aboard the steamer Woonona, off Botany Bay. One of the sludge holes suddenly blew out, and an immense rush of scalding hot water poured into the engine- room. The chief and second en gineers escaped without injury, ?iut Robert BelL a trimmer, was caught in a blinding cloud of steam, aad in a partially suffo cated condition rushed backwards, aad turning in the wrong direction for safety ran to tiie comer of the engine- room, where he remained till fully thrcoquart ers of an hour and -rc-as laterally l-o!icd alive. The other hands of the vessel wore unable to render any assistance. When the ?;ody was recovered it presented a hor rible spectacle. A case in the Local Court, tried on Satur day, in which Tim Loon was plaintiff and Ah Chong defendant, was the cause of some j merruueut. There had- been some dealings between the tiro Celestials in the matter of ! vegetables, but the defendant pleaded a set oft of several small amounts paid to the plaintiff, one item being for £2 10s. for a suit of clothes, because, as Ah Chong said, he came in from the bush ' all same like native, trousers all torn.' The plaintiff ad mitted that he paid a Cfainamaa carpenter in York, 6s. a- week 'to eat him.' The in tricacies of the case were hard to get at, ow- I ing to the litigants having but a limited I knowledge of English. However, Messrs. j Stone and Parker succeeded in unravelling I evidence sufiitaent to warrant the Bench in (»iving a verdict for plaintiff for the claim, which, tvith costs, amounted to £11. On : hearing the finding of. the Court the de- ! fendant, in an excited manner, threatened ! further proceedings at the ' Sessions.' | Fjr some time past it has been evident j that a good line might be done in the City by an enterprising butcher -who would take , up the ' small goods trade.' Mr. J. Lid delow, the well-known butcher in Murray street, has commenced business in this line, and, in order to ensure the venture j being a complete success, has obtained a skilled workman from Sydney to prepare the articles. Mr. Liddclow has commenced operations, and is now prepared to supply the pnblic with the most toothsome deli cades in the shape of cooked meats. These at present include rolled sheeps' tongues, pressed beef, black and white puddings, and rolled spiced beef. We have had the opportunity of trying some samples of the articles enumerated, and can vouch for their superior quality and fineness of flavour. Other descriptions of prepared meats will soon l-e added to tbe list, and we feel sure that those who once try these novelties in butchers' wares, are bound to become regular customers for the future. In summer time, the salt; will probably be considerably increased. For sometime past it has been a general topic of conversation with regard to the excellent display of vegetables and garden produce brought round from house to house in the City by Chinese gardeners. The Celestials appear to be doing a very lucrative business, judging from the fact that they have dispensed with their anti quated baskets and poles, and are seldom now to be seen jog-trotting the streets with heavy burdens of 'cabbaggees,' etc. Hand barrows, spring-carts and hoists are now deemed the correct things by the sons of Ham for the carriage of their trade.' With reference to these Chinese gardeners we hear that serious complaints are being made by some of the citizens. It appears that several persons are doing a good business with them by disposing of all the small fish that can be procured in the river, which the Chinese buy up at the rate of £2 a ton for manure for their gar den;. We have been requested to draw attention to the matter, and to point out that- if such recklessness is permitted to be carried on the river will undoubtedly be denuded in time of large quantities of the finny tribe, and a 'close season' at spawning time will have to he resorted to. We trust the authorities will take im mediate action in the matter. In a recent file of the Times received is a letter from Col. Noble, of the Royal Artil lery, at the Gun Part, Woolwich, desiring to record this interesting fact in natural history : — The time of day is announced to the garrison and neighborhood of Woolwich | at 1 p.m. and fl-30' p.m. by firing a blank charge of powder from an 8-pounder bronze gun. This gun is mounted in the Gun Part on a travelling wooden carriage, which is fitted with two aide tree boxes, each about one foot square by six inches deep, with the inside divided inio several compartments. This box is designed to carry case shot and cartridges with the guu in action. The carriage is an old one, and the right axle tree box has a small hole in one of its sides. Some weeks ago the gunner in firing the 1 o'clock gun observed a sparrow flying out of this hole, and an examination of the box showed that it contained instead of case shot a sparrow's nest with five eggs. The box was carefully padlocked, so as to guard the nust from inquisitive boys, but the gun was fired twice a day as usual, and on the following Saturday morning five little spar rows made their appearance and are doing well. Two of the greatest literary celebrities of modem times — Alexandrc Dumas and Victor Hugo — were, in many respects, cast in the same mould. Both were hard working men, only Dumas eschewed poli ties and the etheral reformation of man kind. Dumas labored like a horse to earn money aad to squander it. Hugo did like wise, bnt to hoaid it up. Both started in life with the same amount of capital — none at all, except that Alexandre walked all the ?way to Paris from Villers Cafcfcerets, his native town, is wooden shoes, with straw lining to save his stockings ; lie had a bag full of game, that he had killed himself, independent of any license, and which he sold on arriving in the central market, and the proceeds enabled him to see inside of the Theatre Francias, and all the drama tic burning and shining lights of the period. The spectacle served him for a supper, and he obtained a Diogenes lodgings inside a. sugar hogshead, converted into it domicile for a night-watchman of tools con nected with the street gas-pipes ; he paid for the shakedown and a roast before the coke fire by inventing stories to amuse bis host. What '6 sauce for the goose is not always sauce for the gander, even in the hardand fast rules for observance during public wor ship in the Church of Home. There is a good story told of the Dnc d' Aumale and his sister, the Princesse Clementine ; as they were recently travelling through Bur gundy, they attended Mass in an outofthe way village chapeL It is the custom in that part of France for the sexes to sit at different sides of the Church. The Due forgot the division, and sat alongside bis sister. When the clergyman arrived, to pro nounce the benediction he became indig nant to notice a goat among the sheep. He apostrophised the Due for outraging man ners and religion, and ordered him to quit instantly his place and join the sinners of bis own sex. The Due obeyed. After the visitors left, the holy man learned who they were, and demanded to he excused. The Princess set him at rest, at the same time enclosing a cheque for a spire belL which die learned from his sermon was much needed. A colored man was busily engaged in sawing wood for Colonel Powis, when the latter observed that the bosoin of the man and the brother, so to speak, was adorned by an Oddfellows old breast pin. 'Do sue wnire uouieuows ana me eoiorea uaa fellows affiliate?' asked Colonel Powis. ' Don't Affilyate wof a cuss, but they helps jaeli other out.' ' Well, that is the same thing, ain't it?' 'No, sir; hits not the same ting.' 'What's the difference?' The colored man stopped sawing wood, and made the following explanation: — 'Last week, when that norther was a freezin' de marrer in yer bones, I went into de saloon of a white man who totes dis very same emblem. I was in distress, as I hadn't a dram dat mornin,' so I gib him the signal of distress.' 'Did he respond?' 'He didn't gib the proper response. De proper response would have been to rub his lef' ear wid his right hand and to hab sot out de bottle.' ' Then he did not respond to you correctly ?' ' No, sir ; he made a motion at de doah wid one hand and reach ed under de bar wid de udder. I made de Oddfellows' signal of distress once moah, and den somethin' hard hit me on the head an' knocked me clean out in de street.' 'Then the colored Oddfellows and the white Oddfellows do not affiliate ?' 'Just what I told you, Dey don't fillyate, but dey help each udder out. I was helped out into de street wid a bung starter, but fill- yate means to sot out de refreshments.' Evidently the last word of newspaper enterprise, says an exchange, has not yet been spoken. Special correspondents have penetrated to the centre of Africa, have imperilled their lives by visiting cities in which the pestilence was mowing down the population by thousand, and have met death on the field of battle in Upper Egypt, in the fulfilment of their perilous duties ; but it was reserved for the coura geous representative of the New York Herald, in Valencia, to undergo inoculation with the cholera microbe, in order that he might describe the resuitant illness and its disagreeable sensations to the readers of that journal from his own personal ex perionce. Dr. Ferran performed the operation, injecting the microbe by means of a sharp-pointed syringe into each arm, between the elbow aad the shoulder. ' An hour after,' writes the sufferer, ' I began to experience much pain all along the spine, and two hours later the temperature of my body rose to fever heat, accompanied feeling of weakness and pain in my legs. In four hours my arms were as sore as if they had sustained severe contusions, after which the activity of the virus ceased, and the arms became so rigid that I could scarcely bend them. Presently I began to feel a sensation of nausea, accompanied by headache, while the pain in the arms ex tended to the muscles of the shoulder. I lay down and slept well, although many of those experimented upon suffer from in somnia. I awoke with a great headache, which still continues. I send this despatch twenty-eight hours after the inoculation, and am informed that the period of dura tion of the symptoms will be eight and forty hours.' The following punning verse is on a tomb stone in a Sheffield churchyard, erected above the grave of John Knott, a scissor grinder : — Here lies a man that was Knott born, His father was Knott before him. He lived Knott, and did Knott die, Yet underneath this stone doth lie. Knott christened, Knott begot, And here he lies, And yet was Knott. 