TILE PRIDE OF BATTERY B. A STOuR or THE AMEOICAN CiViL wAn. South Mountain towered upon our right, I far off the river lay, And over on the wooded height we held c their lines at bay: At last the muttering guns were still, the I day died slow and wan; At last the. gunners pipes did fill, the sergeants' yarns began. When, as the wind a moment blow aside. e the fragrant flood, Our briarwoods raised, within our view a little maiden stood. A tiny- dot of six or seven, from fireside fresh she seemed ] (Of such a little one in Heaven one soldier 1 often dreamed). And as we stared her little hand went to 1 her curly head In grave salute. "And who are you ?" at last the sergeant said. And where's your home P" he growled again. She lisped oiut, "Who is me? Why, don't yous know P I'm little Jane, the Pride of Battery B. My houseP Why, that Ras burned away, and pa and ma are dead, And so 1 ride the gans all day along with Sergeant Ned; And I've a drum that's not a toy, a cap with feathers too,. And I smarch beside the drummer boy on Sundays at review. But now our 'bacea'a all give out,jthe men can't have their smoke, And so they're cross-why, even Ned won't play-with soeand joke; And the big Colonel said to-day-I hate to hear himnswear-' He'd give a leg for a good pipe like the Yank had over there. And so I thought when beat the drum, and the big guns were still, I'd creep beneath the tent, and come out here across the hill, And beg, good Mister Yankee man, you'd give me some Lone Jack. Please do-when we get some again I'll surely bring it back. Indeed, I will, for Ned, says he, if I do what I say, I'll be a general yet, maybe, and ride a prancing bay," We brifumed her tiny apron o'er; you should have seen her laugh As each man from his scanty store drew out a generous half. To kiss the little mouth down stooped a score of grimy men, Until the sergeant's husky voice said, "'Tention, squad!" and then We gave her escort, till good-night the pretty waif we bid, And watched her toddle out of sight-or else 'twas tears that hid Her tiny form-nor turned about a man, nor spoke a word, Till after a while a far, hoarse shout upon the wind was heard I We sent it back, and cast sad eyes upon the scene around; A baby's hand had touched the ties that brothers once had bound. That's all-savo when the dawn awoke again the work of hell, And through the sullen clouds of smoke the screaming missiles fell, .Our General often rubbed his glass, and marvelled much to see Not a single shell that whole day fell in the camp of Battery B. A gentleman who has just returned from India is relating his experiences. "The. worst thing about the place," he says, "is the nuisance of numerous servants. Why, when I was at Bogglywallah I had four servants to look after my pipe alone I" "Four servants to attend to your pipe ?" "Yes. The firstone brought it to me, the second one filled it, the third one lit it-" " And the fourth one 1" " Oh, he smoked it! I never could abide tobacco in any form, you know !" A recipe for lemon pio vaguely adds: Then sit on a stove and stir constantly." Jut as if anybody could sit on a stove with out otiring constantly. Swans sing before they die : 'Twere no bad thing Should certain persons die Before they sing. TueE SEOPSSAN'S HORROR. She stood beside the counter The day he'll ne'er forget She thought the muslin dearer Than any she'd seen yet; He watched her playful fingers The silks and satins toss; The shopman looked uneasy, And felt a little cross. "Show me some velvet ribbon, Barege and satin ture," She said, "I want to purchase1" Then gavothe goods a jerk; The shopman, all obedience, Brought satins, cilks, and crapo; At length, with hesitation, She bought a yard of tape ! An old country gentleman returning home rather late, discovered a yokel with a lantern under his kitchen window, who, when asked his business there, stated he had only come a-courting. "Come a what ?" said the irateogentleman. " A courting, sir. l'so courting Mary." " It's a lie I What do you want a lantern for? I never used one when I was a young man."'" No, sir," was the yokel's reply; "I didn't think ye'ard, judging by the missis. ' lMiss Iloseleaf (who is trying to force a conversation) a " Whatdo yousuppose, Mr. Van Noodle, makes our hostess's receptions so invariably stupid?" Mr. Van Noodle: "Aw, weally, I haven't a ghost of an ideaw." Miss It,: "And all the other gentlemen are very much like you. Yes, that must be the reason." "Did you break that window, boy ?" said the grocer, catching hold of the fleeing urchin. "Yes, sir." "What dolyou mean by running off in this manner?" "Please sir, I was home to got the money. I was afraid if I didn't run home quick I might forget." A Sarcastic Husband.-Mr. Pactolus Wilkins has been more than usuallyag gravating in his satires on his wife's culinary ability. " You mean thing," said Mrs Wilkins, bursting into tears. " I won't speak another word to you as long as I live." " Great hsavon I" said Hr. W. "Tom, ronout as quick as yos can and toll Slenker to send up two hasosoons, a kettle-drsm, four psrrsot, and a steam calliope at once. Hurry, now," " And what under the sun do you want with all that foolish stuff f " exclaimed tho voluntary mote. "To get accustomed tothecimoge, my dear," replied Mr. W. " Dootors say that oudden clianges are always fruitful of disease," " I'll go iight home to my mother," osid Mrs WV., as slumfell into a hysterical paroxysm. A yroung married mnis gazed at his mother-in-law's two trunks in th~ehall, and sadly remarked: " She bias brought her clothes to a visit: would that she had brought her visit to a close." 