Novelist. DAN LYONS' DOOM. ♦ — By WAIT WANDEE. ♦ ? ? ' CHAPTER XVL— (Conhnokd.) 'Does any one bat you know of this plaoe?' he asked, auspiciously, as she held op the lamp Cor him to see around him. ' Only Ellen.' ' What is it for ? What do yon have each a hiding-place for ?' 'Don't yon see?' ehe asked, 'we dis covered it by accident, and I have sometimes urea u 10 onng iooib into uunuioiu w uieuwui them with visions — have yon forgot that I am a fortuneteller, and the witch of Mount Boban, Dan Lyons ?' ' I have forgotten nothing,' he said sharply, 'bat there is light here, or those ferns would not grow — mind, woman, how you dare to .: deceive me.' ' I am not deceiving yon,' and she drew backascreenofoldbagsaBahesaidso, 'there is the pan I burn my herbs and sulphur in, and the skull that frightens gold out of fools' pookets, and as for light you will see it up there among the slopes of the roof when the . . eon is not so low. And now I will ehow '??-- -you that I mean nothing unfair — follow me £+:??- «tuV :' ?.„ . - Sue hobbled up a steep Inoline that waa in I£*.'I/ Jioomer of the cave, and then turning acor ^^^Mn»*siaB«l)efpre»anIiyonB. : ^^^^^^^Satobo^^nkfanl ^^^o%oli6Dmin'b»Tever Bet an eye on you SHKY.Iww.*1 -tf*-'' '?'????'.' 4 &' \ . .'Btey.Nanl If I want yon, how Bm I to ?Air-'-'- tall yon?' :-,:;.\ 'Snook at the trap-door; I shall hear ?.' ' ' yon, if not the first time, sorely at the second.' ? She put the lamp on a ledge of rook, ant left the murderer there alone, with the Bane under his feet and the feme by his side, and he lay down to Bleep again as criminals bo often sleep, with the shadow of their terrible doom surrounding them closely. ; OHAPTEB XVIL ?TEE ITOBDEBEB'S DBEAH. It had Veen a day of great excitement a Marranga, and over the township the round moon shone on a generally-snarea ana great disappointment — Dan Lyons had not been arrested. Everyman who had turned oat to search for the lost child had tried to hnnt up the murderer, bat the son had set and the moon risen vainly so far as the arrest of that toted man. At the oottoge, out in the garden, some .where standing, and aeated onthe edge of the erandah, were several of the parties you \-- have btoome interested in, I hope, during the relation of this story. Mr. Pollard was there, ; and Leonard Prosser with him. Little Daniel was standing leaning againrt the wall of the bouse at a little distanoe, and in a spot from ? which he could watch his mother's move : meats to and fro between kitchen and Bick r chamber. Tady was talking to the boy am v/ ;? looking in Daniel's face with a ead pity, and ft the boyhad confided to the honest Irishman %:'' . tone of his thoughts and feelings on the late E»3: events than he.would have told to even his jgpV mother. - W;,-- : To hit mother, do I say? DanwouHnot Eft have trusted her with one idea now i he had W'.y lo!t all confidence in her, and lost it for ever. |fp: ' Itia a ead state of affairs between a mother lipve aalettia wben the latter gets eld enough to HbB&sV; v wason ani suspect the actions of the author i|§pi;«hislKdng,'but it had come to that with n^^nUt'Odmttii and hsr son Daniel. The boy ?S^^^^klwl^ibVhimseU at what g^piS5SH5a«W;ftav have been. Dan did not M^effiolliadyOonnOr anything of his suspidons EpP^S&bS;&fc; i mothsr.But »» »id enough to BS,T'*«ata the Irishman so aorry for the lad as to m^-' fee anxious to sever him entirely bom Kg-?/ Muranga. ffifc'y- Smr now ana then as they were speaking ?*?-' the boy would look toward the door of the HST ' room where his dead companion lay. Con IE ' stable Loader stood there silent and grim §=*- looking, for his disappointment was keen, W-- ana he had yet to impart his want of suooess W to Charlie Ellis, who he knew would not give Wji' him good words for it. It wasn't his fault, Si'. certainly— he had done all a man could do ; HSi'i but inell probability the Impossible would be ^§i '' expected from him. ' WB' Loaaer had said a word or two of this to KSV-!:- little Daniel, and the boy was determined that ?»---?. if he oould trace Su Lyons through his BBS-1., mother, he would tell Tjoader first of it, for HIP - Xioader had been kind to him, and it seemei » justto him, who had the trouble of search all lip? '&y;, that he should be in the snooess, if sue 111 osiWewas,BndDanwa.ttinkingotthis MB- even while Tady was telling him how he and »&.-'??? Mr. Inonard were going away « soon as the ip:' olaim was workedout, and what a lovely land Ip- Ireland was. m- » Dan .'said a woman's voioe near the boy, Kg sad he started™ he tamei quiokly to her, igfe for he knew it was his mother. 'Come here, WSfi ' I want to speak to you, mysou.' ? &$£» J ... EUan Griffith was sta nding in the shadow Mm*: a the verandah as she spoke, and she had a tim[*} aatkehawlloldeaarouni her. 'Dan,' she said, 'if anyone asks you for me, tell them I've gone up to do a message for Miss Fanny.' 'To the farm, mother? Why it's miles away.' ' I'm only going np to grandmother's, Dan, only I don't want any one to know I'm on Mount Boban. I don't think any one will misB me ; but if they do, Bay I'm gone on a meB sage. I won't he long, and Nurse Brown is withMra. St.Hemok.' She was gone, and the boy stood where she had left him. Gone to grandmother's I and then it flashed across the boy's memory like a gleam of lightning, that these were hiding places on Mount Boban I Old Nan did not know that her aave was no mystery to little Daniel; but I should like to know what plaoe to climb, or what rock or tree or cave oould ever remain a mystery long to Australian Bush boyhood. One day, two years ago, Daniel had tracked a wombat into that cave, and explored the cor ners 'where the .bones and the ekull and mb Wrinrerfeindhfehaaoooeitigbtened the hag herseUnSflf oui of her senses with a deep groan, just as she was pretending to call np the devil with her pretended sorcery. Dan Lyons was hidden on Mount Boban 1 That was the idea that flashed upon him bo vividly. He stood still for a minute to think, and then be went to the side of the glum looking constable, and whispered to him — ' Mr. Loader, don't tell any one just now ; but I think I know where Dan Lyons is.' 'What!' almost yelled the constable in' his surprise. ' Hush I I'm not sure you know, bat I want yon to come and see. Can you without telling any one? ' 'What makes you think this, Daniel? You must tell me more than that ; I can't be going off on another wild gooBe chase just when we are expecting Ellis back.' ' I am sorry you can't no, for I'm nire he's there I' the boy eaid decidedly. ' I can't teU you how I know, bat I do know, and I will ask Tady Oonnor to no with me.' ' Stop a minute, Dan,' the policeman re turned, as he laid his hand on the boy's arm, 'let me ask you a question or two. If the villain is where you think could one man aneBthim?' ' Dan Lyons is only one man and we, you and I, would be two,' the boy contemptuously replied. ' I am only twelve years old, but li I met Dan Lyons alone I am sure that God would help me to kill him.' 'Me boy,' Tady said softly, 'do you think tha little girl that's ,lyin' cowld inside would like to hear you saying that yon would make a murderer of yerselt. ' 'No, she wouldn't, and I didn't mean that, but I'd die myself to see Dan Lyons punished for killing her.' . ' I will go with yon, in the name of God, wherever you go, Daniel, and if these fingers of mine can help to twist a knot round the villain's throat they'll be Bteong, I know.' It was Loader who spoke, and Tady Connor looked wonderingly at him. 'Where does the boy want you to go?' Tady asked. ' lo take Lyons; he thinks he knows where be is. Come on then, my boy, we will have a look at this cave of your'e.' ' Daniel I' cried Tady, in a hoarse, low voice, ' don't go I don't go, as drag ging a man to the gallows is no work tor a tender-hearted boy Uke you.' 'I'm not tender-hearted. I hate Dan Lyons. .: Didn't the ? ' and he pointed toward the roomwfcerejBeBignation lay so still, '.she ^Wlsffi«B«%SSS*ndI»oald«o:op HVBo^WdSAteriitgbtlliat ever fell to see the handcuffs on her mur derer's wrists. If you do not oome I will go myself.' ' There iB a fate in it,' murmeredihe Irish man. 'We oan't let the ohild go himself; let as both go with him at all events.' It might have been nearly eleven o'clock when little Daniel, leading his companions by a oirouitous way, bo as to avoid any chance of meeting his mother, climbed np the wooded sides of Mount Boban. The moon was on their backs as they olimbed, and when they crossed a patch of grass on which no trees grew, their shadows fell short and strangely distorted on the hill before them. ' Do you see that roek a little to the left ? ' the boy asked, as they paused on one of these grassy spotB, over which hang the Igreat ironohesof a yellow box, 'the cave is just behind it, and if you look among the trees farther on you will see the light in granny's irindow. Now you can wait here until 1 oome book and teU you if he is there.' 'If he Bees you, my poor boy, there nightn't be time for you to cry out,' Tady mid anxiouBly. ' Lot us all go together.' ' No, we would make too much noise. Ihere is no fear for me, I wont let him see me until you are there.' 'The boy is right, let him go,' was Loader's decision. 'These young native bom chaps are like native cats in the bush there is no fear of him coming to harm.' Daniel |knew every rod of the way he had ret to go, most of his young life having been Bpent about Nan Griffith's hut. He had treed possums on hundreds of old trees np Mount Boban, knew the warm haunts of the snakes by the sunny rocks, and had friends with many a pretty lizard as it crawled from warm, mossy nooks on the fallen logs. And not always alone-even as his heart beat wildly with his eager excitement and hope of being the one to bring Don Lyons to his loom, the boy's eyes filled as he remembered designation as his dear lost companion in many an expedition in search of wild flowers on the skirts of old Mount Boban. Light of foot, the boy qaiokly reached a rock, from whioh he had but to stop and crawl through the bushes that screened the opening from the cave whioh Nan Griffiths had pointed out to the hnnted man. He paused there, ana drew book, for he heard some sounds that were not of the leaves or &B; breeze, of the deeping birds, or the gentle 'possum. There was a sharp rustle of branchee that were parted by two fierce lands, and the bo/ was face to face with Don Lyons, only a thin screen of leaves between them. ' In the pale moonlight the man's awful face gleamed with an unearthly whiteness, yet the shadows under the overhanging eye brows seemed dork as an even starless mid night. The thin lips were dosed tightly, and there was something bo terrible in the eyes that looked out and down the mountain to the valley beneath that little Daniel shud dered and shrank from it. Dan Lyons had no hat on. The marks of the tonsnre were still visible on his head, but long thin locks straggled on his temples, and were blown across his sunken cheek by the damp night breeee. He looked up to the stars andthe moon, down to the township, across to the cemetery, and to Murder Gully, and he mut tered a corse as his eyes rested on the last. 'He has kept bis word so far, damn him 1 ' he groaned ont between hie denoted teeth, ' and nou it is not the brat'e faoe I see but hist' With these words he let the branches rustle into their places and disappeared, leaving the boy to crawl book as he had oome to tell his companions of his cuceess. ' I could almost have touched him,' he raid, with -uoh triumph, ?? but it will be far safer to get him in theoave, and I can show the way 1 ' 41 Teu us something about the inside of that eave,' the cautions polioeman said, and Daniel did his beat to describe the inclined path inside, anfl the sudden torn behind the screen of bushes. 'What are our plani?' Loader asked, anting to Tady Connor. ' Can I oount on on, Connor? ' 'Toucan so,' the littte Irishman replied, 1 but don't let the lad in it at all.' ' 111 be in it, in spite of you,' was Daniel's inn declaration; ' you oan't go without me, ind I'll hold the wretch while Mr. Loader puts be irons on his wrists.' 'There's a fate in it I' Tady groaned, re -ea(ing himself, ' so go on, ana I will be at ronr heels.' When themurderer re-entered the cave, after ooking through the soreen of bushes down in the fair sweet world beneath him, he dosed limself with poiBon again, and flung his [aunt form upon thn rough bed Nan had sup died him with. The bed, such as it was, lay in the floor of the cave — if the wretched man itretohed out a hand on either side of him it ay upon the cool sand ; with either he oould iave gathered the pale green ferns that flung heir delicate fronds almost to bis pale face. 3nt he did not feel the Band, or pluck the eras— he slept and dreamed. ihemardraet'slMt dream \ Oh, merciful leavens, that such a thing 'con bel That a Ming on whose soul lies the curse of him that iheddeth blood should dream of htppy faoes, md the innocent laughter of ohildren I -That be should feel the breath of the sweet sea on bis face, and the touch of loving lips on his sheekl That he should feel caressing wo man's arms around him, and the perfume of the roses on her bosom in bis nostrils, and iwake— ohl pity of it— await, to feel the teloVe irons on his wrists I Don Lyons dreamed that he was a boy igain on the green mountains of his Irish borne. He heard the whisper of the waters sf the river near which he was born, and the rustle of the sedgeB upon its banks. It eeemed to him that he heard his mother call him by the name ' Dan I ' and that somehow or other the notes of a lark away up in the blue sky were mingled with and drowned his mother's voioe. Anon he was in a great ship on a wide sea, and he saw the white crests of the blue waves ireakinii and rollina down the waters like iheets of white fire under the silvery moon. There was music and dancing and kind vorde ; there were girls' bright eyes and girls' meet smiles. It seemed to the miserable man hat he was sailing on a never-ending sea of lappiness, and that there was no such thing is sorrow in the wide world around him. And then he tossed his arms in his sleep ind grated his set teeth, as he mumbled iwfal, broken words. Great gnarled trees teemed to be stretching their crooked limbs ill round him, leaving no hope for his esoape. Trees without a single leaf on them, and so pallid and dead that they seemed like ser lents, slowly and hopelessly entwining him. le struck at them with his hands and cursed them with his lips, and he awoke shrieking gut to find faces bending over him that were not the faces of his dream, and when he struggled to rise he found he oould no longer touch the Band, for there was steal on his wrists! Even then the poor boy Daniel flung him self on the man, and held or tried to hold down his straggling limbs. 'Tie him I tie him down or he will get away I Tie him I tie him I ' Daniel's face was scarlet with a great passion ; the fury of an awful exoitement burned in his eyes, and as Tsdy dragged him from the helpless man he shrieked all the louder, ' Tie him down 1 tie the murderer down ! ' . Tie the murderer down t That lawful cry was heard by two women op above in Nan Griffiths' 'hat. One of the women was Daniel's mother, and as .she recognised her eon's voice, and knew that Don Lyons was token, she fell forward on her face at her mother's feet. ' It was as neat.a job as ever I saw done I ' Constable Loader exolaimed; 'and now Dan Lyons will you go qaietly with us, or must we drag you down the hill like a bundle of firewood? ' 'Let me empty that bottle,' was the hoarse reply, ' and then you can take me to hell if you like.' CHAPTER XVIII. IHKBE ABE TWELVE OF OS. The night waved slowly on, and Mr. Pol lard, Leonard and Dr. Byrne hovered yet around the front of the cottage waiting for the long delayed arrival of Charlie Ellis. They had missed both Loader and Tady Oonnor, and did not know what to make of it, and the doctor hod just been in to see the sick woman, and was telling, the friends about her state. ' She lies in a most peculiar state,' he ex plained, ' and as I cannot honestly say I understand the case, I have sent to Bowden's for Dr. Orowther. Half the time she sleeps and then only she seems eonsoious, dreaming doubtless of what she talks of, sometimes loudly and sometimes in a painful mutter. Her husband's death, her daughter's name with terms of endearment, instructions to Ellen Griffith about household affairs, all proceed from her lips when asleep, but through all and above all is the name of Dan Lyons and her unforgiving hate of him.' 'And when she is awake?' Mr. Pollard asked. ' When she is awake she lies as one dead, save that her eyes wander round as in a rest less search for something, she knows not what poor thing.' 11 Here is Ellis on foot.' said Leonard.' ani he is coming quickly. Bless my heart, how tired and upset you look, Charlie.' 'I am both,' the young trooper replied; ' but I have no time to tell you much until I Bee Loader; where is he?' ' We don't know, he has been gone from this a couple of hours or more, and Tady Connor, it would seem, with him.' 'No due yet of the man?' ' Dan Lyons ? No ; Loader and several of our fellows have been in every possible direc tion all day— the man has disappeared as suddenly as if he had gone down in the earth.' 'The shafts? Have they been aeatohed?' ' Over and over again. 81. Herriok's was desertel when Loader went straight to it after coming back from Bendarrack. No, Dan Lyons is not captured yet.' 'Thank God I' ejaculated the young trooper, as he took oft hU hat to wipe the dust and perspiration from his face. 'That the murderer is not taken! Wears all surprised to hear you say that,' Mr. Pol lard said, ' and you musthave strong reasons indeed, for I know that one great object with you, since you were stationed at Marranga, was to find eome trace of poor Colonel St. Herriok's. muederer, and bring him to justice.' 'At this time yesterday, no greater prize in my profession, ill may call it so, oould have been ottered me than the capture of Dan Lyons— now I pray to Ged that he may not fall into my hands I' ' GoodHeavens, Ellis, explain yourself I' 'I will. Iwasretumingto.dayfrom Yaw benaok, where I had been to eee Father O'Far rd about Conn. Brady's statement, and had almost reached Marranga, when I was over taken by the priest himself, who hod ridden after me in conseqaenoe of some information be had gained that was of the greatest conse quence to me. I need not tell you word for word what he said, the whole of the matter being comprised in the fact that Ike Lyman'e American party have sworn to lynch Don Lyons, even if they had to drag him ont of Marranga. look-op to do it I' Pausing a moment to permit of a host of smothered «inlamqtion» Bom his listeners, Charlie went on again. ' You know such a thing would be ruin to me, and it would leave less blame on my shoulders it Ike Lyman had to take Dan Lyons himself before he falls into our hands tt all, for take him he will, living or dead, ike was never known to'go bock on his word tor good or evil. { did all I oould. I turned back and rode to Bowden's for the man who is stationed there.' 'And brought him with you?' 'Yes, he is at my station now; but what would our three be against Ike Lyman and bis American's?' ' You know that many of us would stand sy you Charlie,' Leonard said, as he laid bis band affectionately on the young trooper's moulder. ' You would be willing to do ao I know my lear fellow, but all of ns would be as feathers in the way of these twelve determined men. [ saw them onoe on the war path, and I don't rant to see them again, though they only rarned down a shanty at Byder's— a shanty hat deserved it too, for it had become the wrot ol aU sorts ot immorality and nwdy ' This looks very like our lost party com ing down the road,' observed Mr Pollard, ' and they're running— something is wrong Charlie,' There was no time to say more ere Loader, Tady, and little Daniel were upon them. The unstable was pale with excitement, and so tired with his exertions that he could hardly gain breath to speak to Charlie. It was the boy who cried in triumph. ' Dan Lyons is arreeied.' -* Rnanlr if rtnt TrftaAav « nhawlSa TCIIta nrnaA ?' though I gaess what it is.' ' We took Dan Lyons up on Mount Boban, and I had no sooner lodge! him in the look up, that Ike Lyman's vigilance party sur rounded the station.' ' Didn't I tell you ? ' Illis asked of Leonard with the calmness of despair. ' Go on Loader.' ?- Smith from Bowdei's was there— he told me why you had goie for him, and Ike Lyman sent me for yoc, Ellis. He wants to talk to you for a minub he Bays.' ' They have taken possession of the station ? ' questioned Mr Pollard. ' Yes, and are armed up to the teeth. A finei looking body of ohaps you never set eyen on, ind they'll lynch Dan Lyons as sure as I see that moon.' ' We must do our btet to save him ' young EUiB said, ' who is with me in this 1 ' ' All of us, of course I am a magistrate — I havo a right to reasonwith these men against wrongdoing.' ' Do you oall lynching Dan Lyons wrong doing 1 ' cried young Daniel. '? A murderer, a murderer like him I ' 'Daniel, my boy, don't let your young voice be heard in scon a serious matter as this,' Mr Pollard said to the lad. ' It is time for you to be in bed.' ?? If I had been in bed Dan Lyons would not have been in the iook-up,' the boy sulkily returned. ' It was ne that shoved Loader where he was hiding and I hoped to take him I ' Daniel ansnered with pride. 'Is that a fact?'1 Constable Loader was asked. ' An undoubted one, sir— we should never have dreamed of searching for the man where the boy guided us.' Mr. Pollard looked sadly at the puzzled lad, but the importanoe and neoessity of im mediate ;.:tion about Ike Lyman's bold step put poor Daniel's affair in the bock-ground— only Tady murmured for the third time that day. 'There's a fate'in it. God help the boy, there's a fate in it.' ' I, at least, have no ohcice,' Charlie said, as he turned toward the police station. ' It is my duty to try and save this villain from any punishment that is not meted out to him by the law of whioh I am a sworn servant, and I will do it if it is at the risk of my life.' ' They will surely not proceed to extremi ties in the face of a Justice o! the Peace,' Mr. Pollard said. 'Go on, Ellis, we are with you.' They went on in silence, a band of six men, with the boy creeping after them, unnoticed for the moment save by Tady, who dropped bock to Daniel's side and vainly whispered an ftdvinn tn ntnm. ' They oan't prevent me,' Daniel eaid dog gedly, ' and I'll see Dan Lyons hung in spite of them. Mr. Pollard thinks it dreadful that a boy like me should be glad to see a man die. Does he forget that Dan Lyon killed Besignation'e father and then Besignationher self ? I should like to see him torn in pieces by wild bones.' 'My poor boy, my poor boy,' the sympa thetic Irishman whispered, and with his arm over Danid'e shoulder Tady followed the little band before them. When they reoohed^the station'the moon, now high on the left hand of the road, shone down on a peouliar eoene, considering the time of night and the place. Twelve horseB were tied to the fence and either side of the police gate, six at one side and six at another, lathe men, tall and dork looking, and with a thin crape stretched across their faces, stood grimly awaiting the'arrival of the policemen, while distinctly thrown ont in dark relief against the white walls of the lock-up were four other men on guard, and dressed as were the others, simply in dork belted pants, grey shirts, and dark felt hate. As Charlie Ellis advanced in front of this party his quick eyes glanced irom Ike Ly _»1. li i .1 li li i 1 A__a fn +Vta oairnivOril in OUrV belt around him. 'Ton have done a very neat job, Ike Ly man,' Charlie said, ' taken possession of the police camp and a prisoner of the Crown, to say nothing of turning a policeman out of the oampin the middle ot the night.' ' We have not turned the poor fellow out,' Ike replied with a grim smile, ' we only sent for you, for, on the contrary, we are very anxious to have all the constables in the sta tion to-night.' ' Where is Bmith.tomBowden's? ' CbaiUe asked.- ?;????-?=?? -.?'?- ' The polioemwi you went for, Ellis? Oh, he Is on guard over the prisoner in the look up.' Alow laugh tippled from one man to; the other of the grim band. ' My friends, this is no laughing matter,' reproved Mr. Pollard, as he stepped toward Ike Lyman: 'you are committing a grave breach of the law. My name is Pollard ; I am a magistrate, and I would urge you to go home peacefully, and leave this unhappy man to be dealt with by the British laws he has defied and outraged.' 'Ion know our object 'here, then, Mt. Pollard?' ' I have heard, with horror, that you have threatened to what ir called ?lynch' the wretohed being who has been arrested for murder, and us now in that look-up,' Mr. Pollard replied. 'Ton have heard the truth; such is our intention. Now, sir, will you tell me if you believe this Dan Lyons to be an innocent man?' 'God help him, no I There oan be no doubt of bis guilt. He has not denied it to Loader hen.' 'No; he has boasted of it. He buried Colonel St. Herriok alive twelve yean ago out of revenge for a just act of the Colonels, years previous to that. Now he has oome back again in the guise of a priest, and has killed Colonel St. Herriok's innocent ohild in the most cold-blooded, cruel manner. Don't you think Dan Lyons deserves death? ' Yes, but not by your hands.' ?? You think he deserves it at the hands of the law? Well, sir, I am glad you agree wiVhus; we are going to pat lynch law in force on Marranga, and Judge Lynch has sentenced Don Lyons to die within the hour.' ' Try to realise that it will be Lyman Law if yon do this deed,' oried Mr. Pollard. ' Ton are the leader of this lawless party, Ike Lyman, and the blood of this man will be at your door.' ' If it did I should know it to be a mark on the right Bide ol the Big Ledger for me ; but you are mistaken, sir, we are one and all in bis. I am only Ike Lyman of the American Vigilance Committee, and there are twelve of us, all told. Is this true, mates ?' ' Theiie oa twelve of us 1' was the reply from every throat, echoed by the men on guard at the lock-up ; and it was echoed also by the desperate being inside, who heard every word that vnw spoken, and knew that his doom was sealed. ^ ' You hear,' questioned Ike 'again, ' there ore twelve of us, good men and true, who are willing to shore aU the sin of taking a villain'a life, believing it to be a praiseworthy and just deed.' 'But there is no neoessity for you to have this wretches' blood on your hands,' pleaded the pitying J P. j 'he is now in the hands of. the law, and his doom is as certain as if you tbke his life.' ' Is it. Ypur law is a queer institution, my good friend. Let me see just what would be likely to happen in this fellow's case. There will be an inquest on thot innocent creature who lies under the same roof with her dying mother, and Dan Lyons would be committed for trial. From lock-up to oourt house, from court-house to gaol — remand, postponement, loss of months. In all these there would be a hundred opportunities of escape by bribery, by sympathy, even by death — we will trust none of it, oar decision is mode.' ' Will you let me beg for time and mercy for this wretched, guilty man ?' asked Leonard Prosser, eagerly. 'I wonder if you oould find words, Mr. Prosser, for I know you have a sister at home about the age of this crudly murdered girl.' 'For the love of God don't murder Dan Lyons this way,' cried poor Tady. ' You speak feelingly my good man ; do you beg bis life because he wears a priest's coat? Tody Connor, I know aU about your feeling for him. You knew of this villain's blood-guiltiness before any one did, and yon would have hid it and let him go free. Stand book, my man, the night is going, and our work is before us to do.1' ' Not while I stand here to do my duty 1' cried Ellis. ' There are only two of us, (or it is not our friend's doty to die in defence of our prisoner. It is mine, however, and you will pass over my body to remove Dan Lyons from our custody.' ' Perhaps so, my good man, but it will, please God, be a living body,' Ike coolly responded, as he wrenched Charlie's ready revolver from his hand. How it happened the witnesses would have been puzzled to describe, for in a moment, as it were, Con stables Ellis and Loader were being marched off to their own lock-up under the guard of a detachment of Ike's men. ' There is no harm intended you,' Ike himself declared ; ' not a hair of your head shall be harmed., only we will have our man, and we will see that no blame can possibly attach to you for what we do this night. Bring out the prisoner.' He was marched out between two men, his white face showing ghastly in the moonlight, his wild eyes staring in terrible fear upon the. faces of those around him. While the door, of the lock-up was open, Charlie EUiB and Loader were pushed inside, and the heavy ironed door clanged upon them. You ore better out of it,' the Lymons said, ' and we will release [you the momcnt^all is over.' Out of the gate Dan Lyons was marched, with the grip of o strong man on each arm. His handcuffs were unlooked with a key taken from one of the constables, and his wrists fastened behind him with cords, but not until the long black coat bad been taken from his back, as Ike oried angrily : 'Tear it off him! We musn't let any touch of a rope 1' And Dan Lyons had said as yet no word. If he conld have told he might have eaid that the terrible words, ' There are twelve of us,' were repeating themselves over and over in his brain as he looked hopelessly around him. What could he do face to face with twelve men? And what could the others do? Some words the doctor and Mr. Pollard again urged, bat they wen taktn no heed of, and every man, save those in charge of the pri soner, soon stood ready to mount by his horse's eide. ' Bring him here,' Ike commanded again ; 'he rides on my horse to-night, and Ike Ly man will hold bis bridle.' As Dan Lyons was passing to his place voiceless, he sow the boy Daniel crouching against the fence, for the reality of the awful scene had at last told upon him, and he ielt how terrible a thing it was to die. It was a cruel murderer, no doubt, bat it was awful — awful to be dragged out in the night to die, God knew how, at the hands of these silent men whose faces were hidden 1 Even at that last moment he remembered that even gentle Besignatioa would have pitied him, though he had killed her, and before he thought more he was at Ike's side, pulling him by the arm, and almost shrieking in his agony of remorse — 'You hove no 'right I Let him go, let him 60 1 ' 'Too late my lad,' sneered Dan Lyons, with a fiendish glare ot the boy. ' You hove done your work well. Stop men, I must speak to this youngster, and some of you know I have the right.' 'Lyons, if you never did one good deed hold yoar tongue now, ' cried Mr. Pollard, with uplifted hand ; ' spare the boy for the aake of that mercy you so sorely need your seu.' ' He has spared me,' was the bitter reply, as hu eyes met Daniel's, with a hate that haunted him for years ; ' he tracked Mb own mother'B footsteps to lay the police on me, and he may now live, curse him, with the knowledge that he hunted his own father to death.' The poor lad shrank back as though he 'had received a blow, and would have fallen if Tody's arms had not oaught him. His lips grew white, and be trembled as he shrieket out, 'It is a lie 1' but Dan Lyons withered him yet with those burning eyes as he re plied— ??It is no lie, you oub ; osk Mr. Pollard— he knows ; ask your mother — she knows ; and may the curse ? ' he was gagged before another word oould pass his lipa, and in a moment twelve men rode down the road with the murderer in their midst. Daniel's whole frame collapsed, and his weight lay in Tady's armB as he whispered tointly 'I hope I am dying. His son! Oh, mother, mother, a murderer's son 1 ' ??Tlnn't hdiero him. n&niel; dear.' Tad? Oonnor shouted bravely; he's no father of yours. Don't I know ? Wasn't I here long before you wor bom? Ask Mr. Pollard then ; and whisper now, sure I didn't Uke to say it before, but it's your father I am meself, bsthorel You won't be ««-i«m«d 0[ poor Tady Oonnor for a father, will you ? and we'll go home to Ireland, where you will never hear of that scoundrel Dan Lyons again jjjand then now, he's better,*' the honest tallow said, as Daniel turned his face to thejfenoe and burst into tears. ' If yon con oarry him away in that belief, Tady, yon will have done a good aotion, and saved a young life. To such a boy as that, the knowledge that his father had been hung for such terrible murders would have ruined him.' ' Oh, I'll swear him into belierin' it, and it I never take a worse oath, the Lord will for give me for it, I know. Come on home wid me, Daniel, alonna.' And so awty into the shadow of the dis tance the murderer and his guards passed from the sight of the horrified watchers into the shadows of the distance, where could be traced in the moonlight the dork entrance to Murder Gaily. ' They are golog to hong him on the spot that witnesnd his deeds of blood,' whispered Mr. Pollard in an owestrioken voice. ''And there is justice in it,' added the doc tor, emphatiaally. Yes, they are going to execute the man on the claim in which ne had buried one viotim alive, and within sight of the snot where he had hidden another. The wretched murderer knew that, as soon as he saw the direction they were taking him in ; but if he had not been gagged he oould hove spoken no ward. For the faces of the dead were around him, and thn voioes of the dead were in his ears. He saw Colonel St. Herriok as he hod seen him lost, and he heard his words as he had heard them then — ' If you leave me here to die, as you see my face now, yon will see it at this hour every night until you die yourself, and your own death will be worse than mine — aye, a hun dred times.' That was what the murdered man had said to him— aye, what he was saying to him now, with his white face within a yard of his own I And they had oome true, every word I Colonel St. Herriok had been his companion every night for twdve long years, and now he wbb there before him to see him die I ' And I'm glad of it 1' he shouted, as they stood him on his feet and took the gag from his mouth. ' Hong me, and get it over I No hell oan be worse than life surrounded by devils I' ' ' Man, try to realise the awful importance of this moment,' Ike Lyman said sternly. ' By yoar own confessions you ore guilty of the foulest bloodshed— ask yoar God for meroy now, while it is not yet too late.' ' Mercy to me means Oblivion. I hove asked it of Him so long in vain that I will not try uow. Do yoar worst.' ' Abe, give ns a prayer,' Ike said again, and his brother lifted up his voioe in a power ful appeal to the great First Cause for mercy on this doomed man. It was a scene to be recoiled, and that was recalled by many of the participators for years after. Twelve men with bowed bare heads and a pinioned one standing upright in their midst. The steep sides of the gully mottled with moonlit patches and black shadows. The oloime with their piled-np stuff and silent windlasses. The leafless trees on No. 1, and under one Beared, gannt, outstretched limb a coil of rojie lying m the ground. A solemn pause after Abe Lyman's prayer had arisen to heaven, and again his brother spoke. ' Dan Lyons, won't you say one prayer for yourself ?' ' Not one,' returned the monster ; ask him to pray for me,' and he pointed to the imaginary form of Colonel St. Herriok. ' Then I oan unly say for yon, may the Lord hove mercy -oa yo.3x nool ( Ihtm v» are one in this matter? If there is one doubt that we do a ju«t deed let it be spoken,' and the answer was— ' There are twelve of us ! ' Before the eohoes of the words had ceased to ring around among the rooks of Murder Gully the noose wob around the doomed man's neck, tightened, and become a power that drew him up among the dead limbs of the horrified trees opon which no leaves had grown for twdve years. In one dreadful moment he saw the blue, deep stony sky above which was the dwelling plaoe of his offended God, the spot where he had laid the bloody form of the murdered ohild, and the faoe of Colonel St. Herriok before his eyes to the lastl Oh what a terrible death to face 1 Among those men who stood gaping in silence at thot figure suspended a dark, struggling form between them and the pure sky, was there not more than one who wished that the deed had not been done though there were twelve of them. CHAPTER XIX. AMD LAST. The scene has changed and the time. It is two years einoe Dan Lyons had met his doom at Marranga, and from the window before which Leonard Prosser is seated there is outspread brood Cailingford Boy, and the green dopes of the County Down. Leonard's face is bnt little changed— his calm ond thoughtful nature is not one that leaves many traces on a handsome face, and Tsdy Connor's wrinkled, queer visage is from other causes setting defiance to the ravages of time. On the morning I reintrodace these two of my characters to yon Tody is standing on the opposite side of his master's table, and they are talking over sundry affairs of the management of the Prosser estate that are in Connor's charge. Suddenly Leonard changed the subjeot. 'Daniel's holidays are nearly over are they not Tady?' ' Yes sir, time's up a Monday next. We war thinkin' ol axing yon for an extension Mr. Leonard ; tisn't so long since ye war glad of a holiday yerselt,' Tady added, with a twinkle in his eyes fixed on his foster brother's oountonanoe. Leonard smiled. 'You have never re gretted fathering the loa Tody ? ' he asked. 'Begretteal . Bare you're not axio' in earnest Mr. Leonard, for well you know I never did. Everytime that boy calls me Father' me heart jumps np in me mouth, iut truth to tell sir I don't think he believes I un that, though be never sea ao. Any word Erom Australia sinos Mr. Leonard ? ' ' I had a letter this morning from Mr. Pollard — Iwae just going to tell you.' ' No word of the mother, sir ?^' ' Tale or tiding ot either Nan Griffiths or her daughter have never been heard of since. Do you think Daniel frets about her ? ' ' He thinks of her Fm sure, Mr. Leonard, but fretting I don't know. You see that busi ness ot her trying to aave I-an LyonB be has never got over. But he will gat over it, plaze God. I never saw anything like the way me mother- has taken to him, and, indeed, he to her. I declare I believe she sometimes fanoies he is her rale grandson.' 'When are yon going to give her a 'rale' one, Dan.' ' Never, sir, with the holp of God.' ' Now that Nora Brady is within a oounty ol yon ? ' 'Mr. Leonard,' Tady interrupted, with such an expression of pained reproof on his honest phit thotLeonard hastened to appease 'You an right, Tady; I ought to be ashamed of myself, and of course I was only joking. But everyone does not know that the girl is sitter to a murderer, and it is to I hoped Oat some decent man may yet make her a wife. 'I hear that both Conn and the mother have become very devout,' Tady said. 'I am glad to hear it. Charlie Ellis and Miss Clarke are married, Tady.' 'Aw they sir. Oh, by gob, he oould wall ifford it. We did well in tbem three months' cork, though the Lord knows it was like mur ler to me to oome up out of the shaft and eee hat rope hanging there ever and always — I ronther it any one tuk it down yet 7 ' 'I don't know, Tady ; it was a hard climb ind no one liked to touch it. Well, Charlie las resigned, at all events, and they are mar ried. Mr. Pollard soys that the gully is de serted once more, and that he feels sad for i week after he visits the cemetery.' 'Indeed, ond no wonther. Ohl it was he sod sight the day of Mrs. St. Herrick'B ind Besignation'e funeral ? There they wor in one grave, you may say all three murthered by that cruel villain.' ' And San Lyons within a stone's throw of them.' ' Outside the fence though, sir ; not in con secrated ground, anyway.' ' Oh no, of course not, Tady.' ' Did you hear exactly where the Bradya ue, Mr. Leonard?' ' Near Armagh. It seems that they came borne by the fint ship after Conn'B most un Bxpected recovery.. It was a lesson to him, and I am glad he is a changed man.' ' There was room for it, Mr. Leonard.' 11 There is room for improvement in every one of Tib, Tody. And now will you go and tell Daniel that I'm on for a morning's fish ing if he likes to come with me, and we will talk over that question of the extended holi days.' 'Oh, they're as good as granted, Mr. Leonard ; Daniel will be so glad to go with you.' ' A minuto more, Tady. I would not say onythiDg to the boy about the news from Australia ; it might unsettle him.' ' Of course not, sir.' ' And there's one other item of news in Mr. Pollard's letter. It's quite in your line too, Tady, for you believe in ghosts, I know.' 'Don Lyons haa appeared 1' exclaimed Tady, making saucers of his lound eyes. ' Something like it. Several have declared that they have been him hanging in the Gully where the Americans left him. It in always an moonlight nights, of couiee ; and the dead man swings round hid rope, show ing his white face at oil parts ot the compafn. Now, you know, Mr. Pollard doesn't vouch for the truth of this, Tady, nor docs he be lieve in it.' 'There's plenty of men us wise as Mr Pollard, though I've nothin' lo Buy agin' tlio gintleman, tbat believes in the like,' w.id Tody, as he opened the door for his own exit, ' an' why wouldn't they ? Uoeen't il stand to raiBon that part of a lost bowI'u puninbuiont may be to soe his BuCerin's an' bis Kins over again on earth ?' the j:m-. 