NUMBER 457. II. [CONCLUSION.] -Argusy [?] what is your report ?’ doctor’s horse end chaise, sir, was [?] this side of Oliver’s Farm, but Camber 457,” he wasn’t in it.’ ,y 0 I suppose not,’ the governer offered, gruffly. ‘ Where do you think i.'j.ms!’ jfr e can’t say. He may be hiding on jVjKold!. If so we’re sure to catch him, sser or later. On the other hand, ;' m y have got off in the Doveton di g-sion, and may intend getting aboard r a e vessel if he can.’ ‘I presume all the ports have been timed!’ ‘Tes. sir, and our men are a-scounng stole beam valley, and intend lisping down by Beacon Hill and down Dove; they’ll find him if he’s on the cost.’ lie governor thought for a moment atm 'lt’s strange,’ ho said at length, ‘ that t; l j)Jv sst eyes on him after he got to ■ie farm. What did he do at Olivers, 'Drove up as bold as you please, and piended he was a doctor. Went into lie louse and asked to see the patient. Jit bless yu, Sir, the child- as is sick iddu't look at him, and began to cry ; it could tell he wasn’t the right man dirp enough.' 'HI, what then I Didn’t anyone fe see through this disguise 2’ ‘Sot one, .‘-ir. They told me as how iisdd— I '•Humber 467 ” did—that the child was excited, and he made ’em all tire the roam, and said he -would wait lilt. Then they gave him some’at to Kby himself in the parlor, and by-and ip he walked out of the house. He rid he was going to see if his horse m all right. Ho must have driven my then. They found he’d taken a tifandalotofchee.se with him from ti;table y anyhow, lie won’t starve for i day or two. He’s a plucky chap, if Eis a convict, Sir,’ concluded the tir-ler, in a tune of irrepressible admira ls, 'HI, he's half murdered the doctor, EI only catch him !'—and the governor upessively relapsed into silence. Meanwhile the fugitive had not fled kfroai the prison, -e had not thought and getting away to the sea-coast—he fcj the risk would be too great. If \- coaid elude capture for a week or Jv?, ho would have a fair chance of ss able to slink away when the noise file escape had somewhat blown over, ells pocket of the doctor’s great coat h hid found some few shillings in tsc, and—what was of still more t-Etohim—a flask full of brandy. At • rad-side inn, after leaving the horse •flchaise to shift for themselves, he had —tl the bar and asked to purchase bread and meat. They had no -•-, they said, and never sold bread. f, t*f did they sell then ? Stepb ens fc -t. Nothing to carry away, was the ;t-;. except, on second thoughts, ll c bought a huge bagful of ’-7 hard, dry biscuits, and with these, loaf and cheese he had purloined j-'tsfatm, and the brandy, he believed ~voald be able to last in concealment l! P arst ters were tired of hunting for fe where to hide ? Steph ens had ‘ , I l ' lll before—had made it on "’hen he had been conveyed j-s uggon, w tth a dozen other convicts, if j country railway station up to buving coma by night train cL- d ° n ’ l ’ e had noticed the ie country he bad passed i. 3 ’! the wild, hilly, and craggy and formed his own '•‘••H’iniis, iiiCt' 6 ' ras a ' Ji,ut bo put his theory Dili str,lc k straight away ~ -eiarseof the Dove, till lie came. to the rugged • valley known as Holy Glen. ,J » arl "? t b"t, perhaps, he might c. •* ’ 'orrnan in the higher reaches of iil JT’ 2 s,rii(; ' c U P the side of the .-i, j c,llle "t length on the great S* ® oras « whence spring the- Dove, h.' ,la . 1 tb' e Avon streams. - In the man cutting ton - 6 down again towards •it " tllc r * ver - He was getting Js’i h be was swiftly walking 'ion?, ® ras ? ° r tangled shrubs that is;tiit-if 8 j U L 1 -'' Ce l ' ao s, d!| he nearly ; W < Ti^ ms - down a sheer face i i; ‘. / be side of the valley sud ;‘ij U™ 6 ? ry ® ,ec Pi-springing down °r. to t . li brawling stream ti;c;.* i Was just the sort of nlace wanted. A broad and deep to '■> ' . ?‘ J { bis spot, ran and fell * ao ? re d sandstone, which K- Wr ;!’ ln lb°li°wed into innumer •c: *-he sides of the valley t'-t lit ® ! *®P Q3e d of this beautiful Sttred i” el ? I)r t ' )e moBt P art jlit y clinging bushes and trees ti a, • ’'oagd to insert their roots m f r:it ' ces of the rock. As ** k(D c ? Um^ red alo,l S one of ! fti -V’ 110 cauie suddenly bounS llU f" Sh< ' ep ’’ lho crea ‘ Mew... , from rock to rock, ‘beflek of its life. The N him f ll t '? at ot b er provisions at J 2 , In ’"bt contrive to kill a it, t>.° blime and roast a portion Hand h “ was seeching, He in h ptr f s b c ;»tly, for the sort of ' ! ?b U P at t lPs ‘dc which he wanted, bf hc e ’ i, ", B P nt ne;,r the top of the H " u .“ d two dwarf trees trunk! 111 a tangle of boughs, Wnt ..... ’ S rowill g horizontally s Z the fata of rock and dn! - 18 d‘ lfc of craw there bimself u) managed n “ e ' be found a kind of natural arbour, formed by the two sides of a rocky angle, with a projecting roof while the front of the den was perfectly concealed by the branches of the trees otephens knew that often a cliff of sand stone, which looks quite flat to the eye. yields numerous corners and angles which would serve as a very good shelter both from pursuers and bad weather. It was such a place that he had now discovered, and although he had no more room than to stretch himself at full length on the floor of slab, crusted with small lichens, he felt that he could defy capture as long as provisions lasted. m. It was three weeks afterwards, and the runaway had not yet been arrested. But the governor of Lowmoor was re joicing in his sonl because of tidings just received. After a fortnight -had elapsed, and the convict was still at liberty, it had really seemed highly probable that he would never be taken'- that he had managed to get clear away, either into some distant part of England or on to the Continent. He might have contrived to secrete himself away as a stowaway on board some ship at Dove ton, and so have escaped. But the watch on the wolds was still kept up. and now it was reported that the fugitive was lying bid somewhere among the rocks and morasses on their immense area. The head and legs of a mountain sheep had been found by an angler in a nook under a atone, on the stream not far from Beacon Hill, rendering it almost certain that the convict must be in hid ing not far off, and reduced to dire straits for food. Meanwhile we have been paying but scant attention. to the wounded Dr Brand. Stephens had not killed him, but his injury had necessitated repose and long nursing at home. The prison doctor lived in a house of his own in the little town, and attended the scattered inhabitants of the moor, and the few residence of the place, besides ministering to the convicts. As he was a bachelor his house was too large for him: his wants were attended to by a faithful old family servant, who every day of the doctor’s illness used to answer the door to inquiries as to how the patient was progressing. Even now, three weeks after the attack upon him, he was un able to do more than come down from bis bedroom to his parlor, though he was hoping the next day under the care of the Ramsworthy surgeon, to be well enough to be out and about. The governor had called once or twice to see him. This afternoon, the 20th of October, he had been across to the prison to communicate the glad tidings that Stephens must be found before long, ‘ We shall starve the man out,’ Cap tain X laid, rubbing his hands glee fully together. ‘I don’t envy him when he gets back into my power again. Cold weather, too, now—cold nights. The wretch must bo having a dog’s life of it, cooped up in some hole. All the better ! All the better !’ And he returned to $s comfortable quarters in the gaol, humming a tune for very pleasure. It was a miserable afternoon, wet and misty and cold. But the governor had an internal solace, which did instead of fine weather. 1 Little Bob Jakes came to ask how yon was, sir,’ said the doctor’s servant, as she was laying the doctor’s tea in the parlor. ‘ Very kind of him. Did you tell him I felt nearly well 1’ ‘ Yes, sir, I did. But he didn’t call for himself. He said a man had sent him.’ ‘ What man]’ ‘1 asked him, and he said he didn’t know. , A strauge-looking man, he said it was, sent him to ask, and gave him a sixpence.’ ‘ That’s odd, very odd,’ said the doctor, half to himself. Then, after a minute, ‘ Could you send for Bob Jakes, think you?’ ‘ it’s too late, sir; he lives right up at Irongate. , But he’ll ba in at school to morrow morning again,’ The doctor, fidgetted in his chair all tea-time. • Somehow—he could not ac count for it—a feeling of uneasiness had crept over him. It was undeniably strange, in a desolate upland village, that an unknown man should take the trouble to ask after his, the doctor’s health. ‘l’ll just step over and see the governor, I think.’ he said to his house keeper after the meal. And, in spite of her protest, he sallied out in the damp .mist of the October night, driven forth by a feeling which he could not explain even so himself. He walked feebly and totteriogly. His head still felt a burning, sore sensa tion whenever his feet jarred against a stone He knew he looked ill, but he was not quite prepared for the sur prise which his appearance at the prison gate seemed to occasion the men on guard. ‘Well, d’ye think I’m a ghost?’he asked peevishly. ‘ No, doctor,’ one of the men at last said; only it’s odd you know —— ‘ What is !’ asked Dr Brand, in rather a snappish tone. ‘ Why, sir, when you went out 10 minutes ago, yon said as how you was going home for good.’ It was the doctor’s turn to stare. ‘When—l —went—out —10—minutes ago !’ he slowly ejaculated. 1 What on earth do yon mean ?’ ‘ My mates here saw you, sir,’ the man replied, rather offended. ‘ Yon was in the prison for half an hour, I should think, this blessed evening, and you said you was going to see the governor, and we noticed how thin and ill you was a-lookiog, sir—didn’t we V he ended, appealing to the other men on guard. ‘ Come with me to the governor’s, one of you, 5 shouted the doctor, with sudden .alarm and energy, as he jiushed his way in through the half-open gate. ‘Either I’m mad, or something frightful mast have happened,’ and he rushed forward towards the entrance gafe to the interior quadrangle. Another minute, and he stood at the governor’s private door. All seemed safe. The armed warder was marching up and down in front, just as usual. The doctor knocked loudly. The servant hastily appeared. ‘ Can I see the governor?’ he gasped. ‘ See the governor oyaia 1' Why, yes, sir. He’s in the study,’ pointing to a shut door at the top of a small flight of stairs. . , ' Up the stairs as quickly as feebleness could allow him, the doctor sprang, fol lowed by the sentry warder. There was no answer to his rap, and he turned the handle and walked in. The room was in darkness: Only a feeble ray came in from the window, where the blind had not been pulled down. 1 Don*t you hear something t Listen !’ said the doctor. ‘ Hark !’ ‘ There’s nothing nor nobody here, sir/ the man replied, inclined to fancy the doctor’s intellect must be touched. He was thinking how to get him away when, glancing in the further corner from the fire-place, ha saw something move, ‘ What’b that V he exclaimed. Yes, there was something moving; a figure in a chair they could just discern, lifting ah arm. And then a deep groan. * Lights ! Lights !’ shouted the doctor, at the head of the stairs. Five minutes later a band of terrified domestics and warders were standing round the study sofa. They had laid the governor there tenderly and care fully, and the doctor was trying to pour a little brandy down his throat. But nothing availed. This time the governor had not been out when Stephens called, and the outlaw and convict had had his revenge. Hasty enquiry, immediately held, showed that the convict had once more deceived the gatekeepers by his fatal resemblance to the prison doctor. Having, through the medium of little Boh Jakes, acquired the knowledge that Dr Brand might soon be able to go out of doors, he had only slightly forestalled his movement. Appearing at dusk at the prison gate, the very boldness of the stratagem ensured its success. No hunter would dream that the hunted fugitive would dare to walk straight into the lion’s mouth—that he would have the incredible audacity to present him self at the frowning portal of the gaol, and ask admittance ! Nor, in all proba bility would he have done so in his saner days ; but suffering and semi starvation can as fatally unhinge the mind and let loose the passions as they undoubtedly weaken the body. Such a hue and cry as was raised after the murderer had never been known even on the Lnwmoor wolds. Yet the people there are accustomed to engage periodi cally in the exciting sport of convict hunting. The very next morning news was brought in that the lifeless body of him who had been known to his gaolers simply as * Number 457’ had been found, four miles from the prison, drowned in the swollen rapids of the West Learn, which the convict had apparently been attempting to cross. So some people thought; but others held that Stephens, after his fearful crime, maddened with long privation, and perhaps also goaded by the horrors of remorse, had sought his own end under the deep waters of the Lowmoor stream.- 