turf topics and anticipations. By Asmodeus, Oi tho numerous eventful dates contained in tlio animal rao'uig calendar, nono exceed in im- portanco that oi tho 1st Juue. On Monday last tlio V.I5.U. secretariat presented tho customaiy scene o£ activity peculutr to tho occasion, and tho businos on hand was o£ suillcient magnitude to sovorolv tax the energy oi Mi-. Miles and his efficient staff of assistants. Throughout tlio day tho preeincta o£ tho official chamber were besieged by a largo crowd o£ owners, trainers and otliors interested in tho Juno nominations, and tlio flood tide of outrios continued to flow with unabated vigor uutil tho Post Office clock chimed tho hour of four. It is satisfactory to know that tho support accorded (ho scvoral im portant events on hand, both separately and aggregately, is in advance of that forthcoming in any prooodingvear, a circumstance which must bo accepted as a highly gratifying sign of the times. Never in fact liavo tho spring pro spects presented such a promising, aspect, and no moro convincing proof is required, wero proof neoessaiy, of tlio still growing popularity of tho turf in Victoria and the Australian colonies ge nerally. Tho support awarded both the Mel bourne and Coalfield Cups is of a very repre sentative character, for in addition to tho cream of tho homo stables, New South Wales, South Australia, Tasmania ' and Now Zea land haTO each and all nominated, their most oligiblo delegates. Tho Melbourno Cup Bids fair to maintain its popularity as the event par excellence of next season. Last year its Caulfleld rival gained a majority of 4 in tho aggregate entries, hut dn this occasion the great Flemington event has once more assumed a deflnito lead with a working majority of 22. This year 165 horses liavo been nominated, as against 133 in 1834, while a similar extension of patronage has been bestowed on tho various other/' events included, in tho V;R,C. pro gramme, as shown in the appended table : — - —"I. _ .... I®?- .1834. 1333. Melbourno Cup '-...150 133 185 Champion Stakes - .. ... 59 48 64 Morlbyrnong.Thilc .. .. .. 102 115 124 Normnnby stakes ' . ,. ... . 94 79 110 Ascot Vulii Stakes .T ' .. . .. 104 121 123 Derby".-. 104 129 132 Oaks .. .. - .. .. .. 71- 09 72 St. fajBcr .., .. . . .. .105 115 110 SlrcS' f'rotludft- Stakes v.- " -127 " 1.(0 J59 JlarcsMTtxIuco stakes 158 .189' 214 . 1,077 1,119 1.287 ' Majority in favnr of 1835 1G3 " : Now. i'oill SlllkCf. In glancing over tho Melbourno Cup list. Ilia inost striking' omission is last j-eai-'s winner, Malua, whoso-nnmo does, not morcovor appear in' the' Caitlfleld Cnp': manifesto, Ihnugh his presence is duly roeognisod in the Champion Stakes, a circumstance suggestive of tho fact' that (lie-famous sou- of St. Allians is hot likely to reappear inpitbliij nutit the back '6n4 of next season.- Commotion ocoupics his aoonstomed place in the publication, while other crooks, such as Plunger, Eufus, Oorouot, Silver King, Off Color; Reginald, Coriolanus, .Fryingpaii.'Pro- mothous',-Madkap, Ywgy'nnd Plausible, aro also engaged. Calnia, tho Caulfleld Cup hero of 1883j i8 a welcome- addition to tho' list,- and in Bosworth inay be rcooguised an equally doughty candidato, "who. has exporieuced a poriod of service at tho Cairn' Ciirran stud, from which it is to bo li'oped.lio ivil) reappear with (ho strength of .a giant refreshed, David is a conspicuous absontcc, also Cuntoriiio, neither of whom havo boon nominated for any of tlio spring handicaps. Now South Vales has put forward her entifo strength,, including, Archio, , Warwick, Nor- iiianby, Merlin, Monte CliriBto,.Uralla, Despot, First Demon, "Garfield, Willoroo, Tom Brown, &o.-; / South Australia is adiniriibly ropresented by Sardiiis, Dord Wilton, Lantern, Noiystead; The Israelito, Ruby, Jnauna and HelSho 4 and Tasmania..iTOssessos.-,n;,sbpng,;.toaui_ in Blink; BonnioV -Mozart; -tVavoriy,' Revens',- Haw-thoni and others. 1 . Although tho absehce of ''Welcome Jhek is to lio rogrotted-Now Zealand is well re- prdsented_%Tasman, Vanguard, Jiilj-, Trenton;' Wiriohestei- (latb Manoiiestcr), Liverpool and Oudeis, arid it is-to bo hoped that-Miv Barnard will oxtend'tho Maorilahdors sufficient lohiency to indtico tlioir. . appaarauco at! Plemington. Hitherto,, tho ;Ncw Zealand horses luivo beon harshly .dealt, . with", than '.othcrwiso bj- tlio V.lt.C. Uandicapper.: .. - - Tito entries' for 'the Victoria - Amateur Turf Club "aro similarly! ' oncijiiraging to' those ro- cclvcd by tho 'promier institution, - and, as will be Ecen by the qnndxed table, tliow an increase oh those of- lust j-eac :-r . - .! ... | 1833. 1884.. ,1835. Caulfleld Cup .. 142 137 -143 Juvenile Stake -.. ., - .. 05 -'OI- '71 Great l-'ual Stake .-. - 102 103. 130 CautlleUl Gulncai .. ... " ... 73 - 01 ' 94 Crltcrloa Stakes .. .. - 45 34 G1 1 . " 427 390 : 499: i. Majority 111 favor of 1005 v. 103 ,!;.Thp (Sreat Metropolitan' -Stakes has closed with-an! entry, of 83, tljo total for 1884 being 80, and in glanoing over the list one is immediately struokby.the small nitntbeVof Victorians which catch tlio.cye. Sfr. D. M. Bobortson has- nomi nated Coronot, Ciacinnalus,- Moonsheo and An- ohorito. ; Coffey's stalilo' contributes St. Law- i-ehce;Acolyto, Brokorand Capri, and tlio hurdle racbr Hazard also appears ' in tho list ; tho ro- lnaiuing Victorians being Off Color, Reginald, tjneas, Britisher, Silver King, St. Odillo, Sheet Anchor;, and .Fernside. Certain it is that Viotorian owners do. not' patrbuiso tho Now Soutji Wales oveuts to anything liko thoeitent- tho owners of tho neighboring colony contribute to those of tho -V.R.C., and as -tho objection Cannot he the Randwick 'eourso, tho. fact, can only bo accounted for by tho great difference '.in; tho vaiuoof the stakes. Mr. Jamos White is evidently1 deternunod ;iiot to push his 3- ybar-blds too early in -the soason, for I notice in, tho Metropolitan, ' bat rlos tho absence of Monte. Chriato, Uralla, . Nordenfoldt and. Matchlock, all of whom are antorod for llio Molbourno. Cup. j.Tlio Now Zealdnder .Welcome ;Jack, to whoso unexpected .absence from tho great Viotorian Spring event I have alluded, ;has been entered for , IhoMot lppolitau together 'with ; another quartet froin . Maoriiand;- Jfr. W. Robinson's Livorpool, Oudeis, Vanguard and Winchester, ail of whom aro locatod. at, Randwick, nnd havo already .commenced tho preliminaries of their Spring preparation. Tho Ilawkoshury Handicap so far as tho en tries aro concerned is comparatively tho suc cess of tho season, nnd Sir. Guest must be surely mora than pleased with tlio splendid entry of 103. Last year thi3 event closed with 72 nominations, tho incroaso therefore amounts to no loss than 50 per cent., which the courteous and energetic Tfawkcsbnry secretary may assuredly claim as a. "best on record." Victorians havo patronised tlio initial handicap of tlio season to evon a less extent than tho Metropolitan ; Hazard Coronet, Cineiunatus, Moonshoc, Anglesey, Anchorito and Coffey's string boing the solo representatives of tho colony Tlio list, howover, will bo no moro deficient in quality than in quantity, as amongst 'a host of other good performers I noto tho names of Wiilc-roo, First Demon, Astroea, Garfield, Archie, Brown and Rose, Merlin, Tom Brown, Warwick and Normauby. Tho County Pur60, to ho run for at tho Hawkesbury Spring Meeting, has also filled splendidly; having attracted 99 nominations. . Mr. Scarr does not usually err on tho side, of leniency when handicapping Victorian horses," especially in connection witii jumping contests, but ho appears to havo been fairly caught nap ping in dealing/with' Sir Patrick, for tho TattorsaU's Grand Nationnl Stceplebhaso, to he run. for at Ramvick to-day. Tho Now South Wales claesiflor has ovi- dontly dealt with him on tho assumption that he is not as an fait over big fences as over hurdles, and this is whero ho has made a mis take, for to thoso best acquainted with - Sir Patrick it is . well known that ho is a magni ficent fencer over timber. In face of this fact Echo is very unjustly handicapped by compari son with tho son of Croagh Patrick, who meets tho chestnut 011 2 st. 13 ib. better terms than when ho last defeated him over the Flomington hurdles. Sir Patrick having arrived at the scene of action fit nnd well, it is presumed that his party means business, in which caso J10 promises to make a good- hid for victory. Lizolte, Granville and Joe's Indian Queen n..may also do duty on' 'behalf of Victoria. The last named is beautifully' handicapped, and as she won easily -enough- over the hurdles at Randwick a fortnight ago it would hot sui-prise'mo to see Iter repeat the victory in both the Steeplechase and Ilurdlo Race. She is said to bo perfectly -at home over the big jump?. I slinll tlioi-efoi-o noiniuato her or the double event, and it she encounters defeat it may bo at tho hands of Sir Patrick in flio Steeplechase and Hunter in tho'Hiu-dle Race. Tlio Flying Handicap may go to Storm or Burrilda ; and tlio Contingent Stakes to Veuelia or Espiegle. A largo number of Victorians have taken their departure to assist at the Randwick celebrations this'aftcrnoon. . A double case of duplicated nomenclature occurs in the list of Melbourne Cup nominations, and will roquh-o rectifying. There aro two' Vanguards and two Lanterns, and unless the owners of one of each name arc satisfied with tho affix of H., or decline to entirely alter the name, , the order of priority must uudor the Victorian rules of racing bo determined by the V.R.C. committee. . Should' thoy be called upon to adjudicate in tho caso of the two Van guards it must be confessed that as tho doughty New ZeAlandcr- has so honorably borao his singularly appropriate name it would_ bo hard for them to deeroo that ho should resign it in favor of tho Victoriau . hurdle racer who is seek ing honors oil tho flat, evon though it must bo allowed that the latter wa9 named first. In the case of tho. two Lanterns, .Captain Hdimcs's filly being the " lesser - light " (How would .that do for her changed name ? ) will probably give Way to the A'delaido gelding. tt ; : L'aviugtou cniiio out of his shell on tho cont cludingdny of the Adelaide' meeting by winning both the Park .Handicap and Finnl Flutter. As ho ' was only in receipt - of 5 lb. from - each of- those two good fillies Bis Bis and Gratitude," the perfoi-manco was a moritoriqns one. - Topaz, conceding 20 lb., ran'tbo colt to a neck in tho Flutter, some very fair talent fluishing behind tho pair.- It is well to; know that tho Adolaide rJtnitou was.a financial success, tliougb in the matter of sport, the ciroumstanco.of the handi caps appearing prior to tho S. A. J.C. meeting tit Flemington operated prejudicially against tho fields- for both tho Birthday Cup and City Handicap. , . . . - . One of the most noticeable absentees from tbo nominations for the, Melbourno atid Caul- field Cups is the Australian Cup winner, -Ring- wood, whoso .presence ..would have materially strengthened the heavy weight division when Mr. Barnard's handicap mado its appearance at tho end of the month. 1 Other, hurdloracors of lesB rohown than the sterling son of St. Albans have hcon nominated; as tho lists include the names of Merlin, Hazard/Vanguard, Ifippogriff and Yellow Hammeri Ringwood's absence is accounted for by tbo fact that , ho has recently changed hands, .'and is said to bo destined for liidia. Notwithstanding tho heavy business which claimod attention on ' Monday, the! smaller events were not overlooked, and amongst these the lVyndham meeting,"' which' takes place on Saturday, 13th inst., was liberally patronrsed. Tlie programme, to which allusion has ' already been .made in those columns", opens with "tho Trial Stakes, ' for 'which . 21 havo entered, the Selling Race' has 13, the Stcopleohnso 8," Hurdle Raco 18 aud 'Winter Handicap 25. \- Tlio Now Zealand , colt Thundorhblt, has been hiado. the niedium of , some heavy, speculation, during ' tho - week,; liayiiig boon baoked- for a largo siim' toWih tho; 'double' V.R.C. Derby and Molbourno ! Cup;1 tbe! pi-ico taken boing 1000 to 10\. 7, rvv.'". . llr. Geo. Davis's colt -David has gone to Gippsiand to. enjoy' a Well earned run in liU owncFs paddocks. " During the past season tho gamo little fellow, ran second for_ the, V.R.C. -Derby; Lego? and Champion, -Bo moan record for such a mcro liandful as tlie -compact", son of Gdndoiicr and Alico :Drdw. - - It :is hardly to bo expccted ppi'haps that as a four-year-old bo will be'nblc to carry his'weight for ago (9 st.) to tho frout-ngaiust the cracks," but it may be taken for grouted at least tliat whonevor lio starts ho will never bo kept back by tho want of a stout heart, for a gamer colt never stripped, f rerchanco, a t«-o-year-old, full brotlier to Guesswork and Conjecture, has not had a happy experience sinco his arrival at Fleming- ton. A short timo ago ho kicked a stable com panion so severely as to causo his death, and sinco then met with an awkward accident through getting his hoof fixed in a railway iron while crossing tho lino at Ascot Vaio and coining down heavily. Tho boy who rodo him at tho timo was shaken, but lilro tho colt fortunately escaped withoftt sovero injury. , In couscquenco of tho drought in New South IVales having hardened tho training ground a! Randwick to such an extent as to cause conJ siderable anxiety to trainers, Mr. D. M. RoberbJ son's horsos havo been brought back overland to their old quarters at tho Newmarket Hotel, Flemington. . .. Tho committee of tlio V.R.C. havo endorsed tho disqualification of tho maro Lubra, her owner, J. M'Millnn, and the jockey, Partes, who rodo her at Bacchus Marsh. As I have beforo observed, however, it is at any rate doubtful, in the faco of Granvillo's subsequent' running, whether tho gravo offence imputed to Parkes was ever really committed. Rex's dis qualification has also been endorsed. P. Pigott, whose runaway Melbourno Cup race on Haricot, and subsequent victory on Chester, most racing men remember, having determined to sottio in Victoria, has become located at Kensington, whero he intends enter ing into competition with tho Victorian trainers. Tigott's long exporionoo, combined with an unsullied reputation, should commend him' to tlio favorable uotico of owners. -Tho cross country liorso Native has changed hands, and India is spoken of as his probabli destination. If. Connollys string has been strengthened by the addition of Mr. Pearson's maro Lady Ashton and tlio steeplechaser Marquis of : Watorford.. ,, Tho veteran steeplechase rider, W. Harden; , met with' a nasty accident last week while schooling a jumper calJed Molrow ; the horso came down, shaking Harden severely. : " -The Gcelong Racing Club have fixed the 1st of August as tho dato for their Winter Moet-i ilig. ' Sister Teresa, by Goldsbrough — Lady Superior, was omitted from tho original list of - Sydney entries for tho.Cauifield Cup, and Man chester likewise omitted in tho Melbourno Cup entries telegraphed from Sydney. j Hunter, Clarence and Echo left for Sydney early in_the week to contest the jumping events oil the Tattei-sall's Grand National Meeting to- . day. Owing to the continued drought in New. South Wales it has been found necessary to in- . definitely postpone tbo Rose Hill Races, tho newly made eourso being at present quits' unfit for racing. ; The meeting it will bo re-, memberod was originally fixed for tho 20tU inst. . ..... tj. For tbo Australian Trotting Su-es' Produce Stakes, to be trotted for in 1889, soven siroa have been nominated,, particulars b.eiug given elsowhere. 1 Our.-Warrnambool correspondent telegraphs . that a meeting of the committee of the .Warr- . nambool' Racing Club una liold on 29tU May to receive tlio balance-sheet of «tho steoplcchaso meeting; ' The statement showed a credit .. balance oi £550. The reduction of the sub scriptions from 3 to 2 guineas has resulted, in tho income from that soureo being, in creased by £150. A special meeting is to-be. held shortly to appoiut a perinanont secretary . . ,-The stowavds of the Gcelong Racing Ciub met . on Friday, 29th May, and decided to hold the winter. race gatheriug on ..Saturday, tho 1st August. Thcprogi-aimno, which was drawn up, ia on almost the same lines as that adopted last year. -g \- The Epsom Derby lias resulted in a viotory . that should be popular in tlio old country, the' success of Molton and tbe' second of Paradox boing. directly in accord with both public form and market quotations, tho colts being first and second favorite, respectively immediately be- . fore the, ace. . Tho winner is a bay colt by . Master ICiidaro— Violet Melrose, the property of Lord Hastings, and was trained by tbe veteran Mat Dawsou, and .although full particulars are not to hand it niay bo taken for granted that tlio renowned .English , horseman Archer ha3 added this year's Derby to his imposing list of viotorios,.as it is known that ho had been re-' taincd to ride Molton before his recent visit to America. As a two year old Melton won tho Criterion Stakes and Middle Park Plate at Nowmarket, and the New Stakes at Ascot j Strangely onough he was not nominated for the Two Thousand Guineas Stakes won by Paradox, but is in tho St. Loger, from which cvent Paradox is unfortunately an absentee, so tha until tho Olid of tho season at any rate, the res pective merits of these two great 3 year olds, may bo lis much a matter of unsettled contend tion as were (and aro still) thoso of St. Simon, and St. Gatien. , 5 " Mr. Thomas Gaunt, tho well known jeweller aiid official timekeopor to the Victorian Racing' Club, -has, ; in conjunotion with Mr. Thomarf Hayilon, secretary of ' tho Victorian Betting Club, taken out -letters patent for a new scratching board for use -on racecourses. The machine is said to be vory complete in every particular. and will ho. worked by electricity. . Commolioh and Reginald, who havo both been indulged with a woll earned rost sinca' tlieir hard fought liattlcs at Randwick, aw? again amongst tho rogular attendants ati Flemington, doing slow work. Richard Rowe, tho well known steopleckass rider, of Sheet Anchor, Dalesman, Robin and1 Sussex fame, has relinquished tho cleaver in favor of his former occupation, and isoncomorat prepared to undertake tho management and training of jumpers. , ' Messrs. A. C. Yuillo will hold a salo o£ thoroughbreds at Tattersall's bazaar on Wodnea-' day next, when Graco Darling, Tho Ghost,' Bonuie Dundee aud others will ho submittM td competition. I J.-Morrison's team at Flemington has been strengthened by tho addition of Mr. J. Harper's: filly by St. Albar.s from Prioross. Mr. Jame3 Wilson has sold King of tho Ring, to Mr. Cool:, of Murndal, in which district the- son of Aco of Clubs will in future stand. Among tho "missing links" on tho last- A. J.C. Bottling day .was a well known Indiai trainor, formerly associated with the Victorian ' turf, and whoso aocount amounted to nearly four, figures. Unliko sorno _ less . conscientious plungers who went wrong on that occasion, the person in question immediately mada arrangements to liqudato his liabili ties on his return homo, aud this week., Mr, Joseph Harper, tho woll. known book- maker and owner of liorses, received tolcgrnphio Instructions to draw tho necessary amount from a Melbourne firm having business relations in India. This promptitudo on tho part of tho individual in question is in contrast to the conduot of others who failed to como to time OTer tho samo meeting, and who, instead of satisfying their, engagements, have elected to appropriate the ring money for tho purpose of " doing the grand in a distant land." Umberto's namo appeared by mistake in tho list of entries for tho Wyndham Steeplechase, or which he was handicapped at 10 st. 101b. His entry applied to tho Winter Handicap, for which he is . weighted at 7st. 101b. Honey Bee's name was .omitted from the samo race, her weight being 7 st. Tho authorities in South Australia are not apparently determined to administer their new betting regulations with "tho utmost rigor of the low," the only restriction put upon book makers at tho late meeting in Adelaido being enforced silenco. Pencils, however, were busy though tongues were still ; in fact the absence of the usual babol of voices seemed to expedite business, and the layers of odds had no lack of customers. Entries for the Bendigo Winter Meeting, to bo held on tho 24th June, close ou Tuesday next, tho 9th inst,, at tho V.K.C. office, at four p.m., and at tho B.J.O. oflicc, Sandhurst, at eight p.m. Another of the equine celebrities of Australia has gone tho way of all flesh. Angler, the sire of Progress and other good performers, having died atBundoora Parkon Sunday, in his twenty- third yoar. Angler was by Fisherman— Mar chioness, and tboreforo full brotberto Fishhook, and during his short career on the turf won the Victoria Derby of 1865 and St. Legor 1866. I am requested to call attention to tho post ponement of tho meeting which was announced to have taken place at Mooneo Valley on tho 1st of August. Tho Oeelong Club having choson that dato Mr. Cox has obligiugly changed his day to the 8tli August. Jfooneo Valley will once more be tho sceno of operations this afternoon. I am appreliensivo that tho going will bo soft after the heavy fall of rain on Thursday night and Friday morning, and on this account I am inclined to favor tho chances of the light weights. It would not surpriso me to see tho Hurdle llacego to Castle- ton, the Juno Handicap to Achmot.tho Steeple chase to Topsail, the Selling Raco to Stafford and the Winter Handicap to Albanus. I am informed that tho entries of Welcome Jack and Ringwood for the Melbourne Cup ar rived too late. Tho V.R.C. Committee toko every opportunity to notify that "no entries will bo receivednn any pretence whatever niter the hour named," therefore the acceptance of these two entries cannot be allowed. The New South Wales turi is sadly in need of a George Watson. " Nemo" laments the defi ciency in tho following strain: — "The delay at the post for the Royal Stakes simply made the raco no raco at all, for when tho word to go waa at length given tho horses wero in a per fect fever of excitement. Now such a scene is ueiuoin or us\or uuacieu ui r luiimikjLuij, iuiu there must he a reason for tho difference botweon the two places. Mr. Watson has tho Victorian jockeys completely under control, and that is the secret ot his success as a starter Now our starter, Mr. Gannon, is not so fortu nate, and ho lacks to some extent the necessary firmness to deal with offenders. Tho starting has for years past been tho great drawback to the success of our mcotings, and there must be somo solid reasons for it. It may be that the starter has a few enemies amongst tho boys, and that they deliberately lay themsolvos out to spoil tho starts. Thus much ha6 been ob served by more than one, and it would he well for tho clever start spoilers to take a pull in time before they are fairly bowled out." Tho New Zealand turf is apparently not with out its black sheop of a very pronounced dye. For deeds of daring commend me to tho following summarised particulars of what took place at the New Brighton Racing Club's autumn meet ing, furnished by the Referee : — 1 1 In ono race there was a most pronounced case of pulling, and in another the clerk of the course, without in structions, brought to tho judge's box as tho winner of a race a horso that undoubtedly did not finish in the first threo. But this did not socm to matter to the official in question, who had an interest in tho animal, and, therefore, thought he would palm him off as tho winner. And tho little rwc came off. Tho first event, which was set down for noon, did not como off until close upon an hour after time, and this and numerous protests, wrangling, &c;„ caused the business of the day to lie much retarded, tho consequence being that the Consolation was run in the dark— in fact, the two horso3 en gaged, judging from the lime they took, must hnvo lost their way, as it was impossible to see thom. To say nothing of tho way tho horses in the Hack Hurdlo Raco wero ridden, and tho deliberate and barefaced proceedings in the Publicans' Purse, thero was a want of firmness and decision on tho part of somo of the officers which with properly qualified men in a well ordered club would not occur. Persons uncon nected with the club tried again aud again to gain admittance to tho weighing and stewards' room, and the ' rough' element figured promi nently in tlio saddling paddock, ono of the party coming in for a broken nose, despito which no noticu was taken of tho aggressor." 