THE autumn meeting of the Victoria' Amateur Turf Club was held at Caulfield on April 25. In the Hurdle Race, Minerva, another of the Tasmanian horses that are just now running so well in the colony, Avon ruther easily from a field of nine others. The Glen Huntly Handicap of a mile was won by Mr. J. Harper's Uncas, and the Armadale Handicap by Mr. R. Lowe's Topaz. In the Steeplechase all t he horses went the wrong course, with the result that the race had to be repeated. The winner each time was Granville, a horse brought down from the Murray district. On May 2 the remarkable spectacle of the South Australia Jockey Club holding its Cup meeting in Melbourne was afforded. In South Australia the abolition of the totalisator, formerly in legal use there, together with the stringent conditions placed on betting of any sort, has for the time almost killed racing in the colony, and in consequence the South Australian sportsmen determined to run their big x'ace at Flemington. In the first day's racing there were several important events. The Hurdle Race was won by Sir Patrick, and in the St. Leger The Broker beat Silver King by a head after a fine race. The Goodwood Handicap, the principal event of the day, was very easily won by Lantern, a South Australian horse, who got in very light. Lord Wilton was second, and The Ghost third. Two of the placed horses were South Australians. The Sires' Produce Stakes, for two-year-olds, was won by Sir Thomas Elder's Juanna, and the Victoria Handicap by Mr. S. Miller's Pyrette. On the second day of the meeting the principal event was the Adelaide Cup, for which 1G horses started. The favourites were Conjecture, owned by James Wilson, jun.; Britisher, a horse trained, and very freely backed, at Ballarat; and Lantern, the South Australian horse, and winner of the Goodwood Stakes on the previous Saturday. The race was won in fine style by Lord Wilton, owned by Mr. E. W. Ellis, of South Australia ; Mr. D. M. Robertson's Anchorite was second, and Mr. L. Watson's Sardius, another South Australian horse, third. Only two other events of any importance were run—the Nursery Handicap being won by Mr. S. G. Cook's Remus, and the Flying Stakes by Mr. A. Harvey's Middlemarch. On the last day of the meeting the popular cross-country rider, Corrigan, brought home the Tasmanian horse Echo first in the Hurdle Race, and the Steeplechase was won easily by Mr. M. Loughlin's Colebrook, also trained at Dowling Forest, near Ballarat. The big stake of the day, the S.A.J.C. Handicap, was appropriately won by a South Australian horse, Mr. C. H. T. Hart's St. John, Britisher being second, and St. Lawrence third. Following the S.A.J.C. meeting a day's racing was held at Elsternwick-park, the important prize of the meeting being a 100-guinea cup, presented by Mr. D. M. Robertson, and added to a stake. Conjecture, who was so heavily backed to win the Adelaide Cup, was again the favourite, but again disappointed her backers, and was not placed. The race was won by an outsider in Mr. Bradshaw's Yellow Hammer. The intercolonial eight-oared boat race was rowed on the Parramatta River at Sydney on April 25. Hitherto only Victoria and New South Wales had competed, but on this occasion crews were sent by Tasmania and Queensland also, the two latter colonies having quite recently started eight-oar rowing in outriggers. The start was a good one. Queensland were slowest in gettingaway, while Tasmania surprised all with the excellent manner in which they went off. Bros was giving the New South Wales crew 40, and Senior was leading the Victoria at only two less. Tasmania were soon passed by Victoria, who had obtained a slight lead of Sydney. The rowing of all the crews was very good indeed, and in spite of the very rapid stroke of both Sydney and Melbourne, tln-re was no splashing. Sydney soon took Queensland's water, which enabled them to escape the full strength of the tide, which was running very strong against the competitors. Approaching the mile point Victoria led Sydney by half a length, the Tasmanians, who were badly steered, and Queensland being level about two lengths behind the leaders. It looked here as if the leaders were going to run away from Queensland and Tasmania, who wei'e both about three lengths astern, but rowing a good serviceable stroke. Some of the Victorians were now hanging out signals of distress, and occasionally they got very ragged, but Senior soon pulled them together. Sydney passed Victoria at Tennyson, rowing beautifully together, and from this to the finish they improved, the swing and time being faultless. The cutting-down tactics pursued by the Melbourne, and their having rowed against the full current, had, however, done its work, and it looked as if Tasmania, who were rowing well together, would beat Victoria, but the latter stuck to it, although much distressed. Sydney won by a length and a half, Victoria being two lengths ahead of Tasmania, who in turn were a length clear of Queensland. The two latter made a very respectable show in their first attempt at eight-oared racing, but their being so handy at tliefirishwas owing to the cutting-down policy of the leaders. Both Sydney and Melbourne rowed too quick a stroke to be thoroughly effective. Edward Hanlan, the ex- champion oarsman, returned per Zealandia to his home at Toronto. He stated publicly before leaving that he preserved a profound admiration for New South Wales and its people, and has a deep sense of gratitude for the generosity shown towards him there, and should he be spared it is his intention to return to New South Wales and permanently reside there. He also spoke in most complimentary terms of Beach as an oarsman, and a man whose friendship he felt proud to possess. The exchampion is not so robust in appearauce as when he first came to the colonies, the severe exercise and the failnres he has undergone having no doubt robbed liim of his strength and spirits in some measure, though they have not deprived him of the desire which he hopes to fulfil on his return—of meeting Beach again. Hanlan was treated with every public mark of honour, and presentations were made to him. He has been commissioned to inform Teenier that Beach will row him or any other sculler in America over the champion course on the Parramatta for £1,000 and the championship of the world, and, in the event of Teenier accepting, will allow £200 for expenses. 