WHY SHE WANTED A KISS. ' Kiss me agaiu.' ?Sybil Sartoris spoke these words in a grave, calm manucr that betokened the serious import in which she held them, and as Herbert Holdfast bent tenderly forward and pressed his lips softly to hers, she looked up to hun in the sly, cat-on-the-back-fence fashiou, that had so witched bim in the goldeu-hued days of courtship. There was no tint of deception in the pure nature of this girl, and her every act was the result of reflection, often profound. Brought; up in BOB ton, she had all her life been accustomed to put to its best use the power of discernment which a thoughtful mind gare her. Surrounded as she was by the mystio influences of Emerson, the Concord School pl Philosophy, and several large warehouses where mackerel were sold, it is small wonder that when, standing on the threshold of womanhood, she beheld suitors for her heart and hand approaching, she had analysed with critical care the hopes and fears of each -had subjected the character of every wooer to the rigid scrutiny of a mind that, seated cross-legged on the starry summit of psycho- logical research, looked upon a man as only vivified protoplasm, and the deepest emotions of the heart as merely the manifestations of a too active nerve centre. Herbert knew this. He knew that this girl, thc rounded curves of whose figure and the dewy sweetness of whose lips would have made au anchorite leave his job without . pang, had naught of passion in her nature. And so « lien hu bad complied-oh, so gladly -with her request, there stalks from out the banquet hall of his imagination, where they sheeted ghosts of doubt and apprehension. He knew now that Sybil loved him with a love that would never falter or fail-a love that, securely built upon a foundation of respect and admiration, was now crowned with thc large, roomy, mansard roof of lt deathless, neverchauging passion. Her words proved lt. Never before had she even as much as hinted at a kiss, and when he had sought to take one she had submitted to his caresses more as a dutiful than ss an ardent lover. But now all was changed, and it was she who sought the bliss- that a large, well-regulated, three storey-and-basement kiss alone can give. The thought was ecstacy. ' You love me better to-day, Sibyl,' he said, 'than yon did yesterday. Is it not so, darling V * No,' she answers, standing there calm and pulseless as a clam at high tide. 'Then, why,' he says, 'did yon ask me to kiss you ?' 'Because,' Sibyl replies, 'I desired to ascertain whether or not you had been drinking rum ' Oma of Wagner's compositions is called "Götterdämmerung," and it is said .that several persons have become insane listening to it. If it means what it sounds like, nobody can be blamed at getting mad. 