Farewell to Rev. J. McEwin. The Rev. John McEwin, having tendered his resignation as pastor of the Hindmarsh Congregational Church, preached a farewell sermon on the morning of Sunday, December 28. There was a large congregation. Mr. McEwin took as his text, 2 Cor. xiii. 11 : " Finally brethren, farewell ; be perfect ; be of good comfort ; be of one mind ; live in peace ; and the God of love and peace shall he wilh you." After referring to the fact that all earthly relations were temporary and subject to rupture and separation, the preacher said that the text expressed the desires which filled his heart in parting from the church to which he had so long ministered. He exhorted the members of the church to be perfected, to complete their Christian character, to cultivate every virtue and subdue and crucify every defect: to do this was the surest way to be comforted. The Holy Ghost was the great Comforter, and He would not and could not comfort anyone who might be living in a low, inactive, defective spiritual condition. If they were doing their duty faithfully they might take comfort concerning themselves, the church, and the kingdom of God generally. He exhorted them to be of one mind, to be united. to work together for the well of that church and the glory of God. There should only be one mind, one will in the Church of God, and that was God's will, Christ's mind. If any church would prosper, the will of each individual must be subordinate to Christ's will. tiiei di If : 1- v.. ' .he. • F-ey If II", eh a'.' Hit Tc ]\r, Irce- • A' pre-! \\\". C ved M ."Ml cen e 1 ! I'-..- ;:"i! -pi "; 1 . 1 ' w \ I' McE.F 1 lb a e ire-s-.-l v. e 1 'c, i'e bebm ed hiieeli-er- Whei Fie\ -a '•: f.ov r, el! eo t;. -1 '- TV0' '.Id 1 • in ! ': ' me ' e m- • of Ihc w md. w plea-,.'1 i! ..! :.» id lb •;•••! 'inrtro mil 1,. G el -i, ed, ro. . >• -. 1 : ' - . ei '1 l; - • w ,e 1 I He h ,'i el'. .' y. .ir- pa-tor of t !"' • l • wa O'.'daie.-' 1 ia :1m he: 1 dee g. and lie had : It I' j 1 1 s < 0 of any • F'F :•- ':. Fee pei'lliig lo Mi- M- F v lo tie C 011 e i 11 s 111 thai ll. v.o.'.hl be ii''' i er for u o . 0 re- gr. Ilewevi r, he il l no! done any thing lo hi •e Ii •d of (appin -••) —as i e had laboured twelve ears rue-! 11 ami ze i-m-lv f »• F e wed-being of the e' . Ta'i me mbe '-hin v. li- now t lire:' 1 imes la "ger Fin w i. - u la came a; nn Il ->m. :i"d tins had m.vessi' at ed in r al sc ;ic. mini 0 I 1 ' i 0 II. It might be s-ii ! Iha! i I lm Id ug lie lie -'•' c'r ireh 'hey had gene (u j far, hut w :a 1 c er mig'i be srid it v. as a monr.i rut to the perseverance and ir.- dn st rv of Mr. McMF. 11. lie bad promi-ml to rai-e ;C5l)j" toward- th.e bed ling if the eongregat ion vould raise .';1.0ni>. That had hi' done, tlie ehureh did 1 heir par!, and 1 he pa-tor fuhilled lus promise. Ho bail done liis level h si at I! indnmrsh, and 011 this account they should be willing, and he believed they were in cr.-ne-t in washing him a tree farewell—(hear, hear)--and lie was certain that their departing pastor had the best, wishes of church and congregation for his future success. Their pastor went away a. better and stronger mam and more fit to do God'- work than when be first, came to liimimarsh. The Rev. C. T. Newman (Wesleyan) testified to the worth of Mr. McEwin. I11 him lie recognised a man of true Christian principles, and one who was willing to carry out those principles for the good of the community, who would lose by his departure from the town. He was glad to know that Mr. McEwin had done most valuable work among young men and young women in the church. He was sure that the colony was already under a debt of gratitude to Mr. McEwin for what he had done in connection with journalistic matters, to which he proposed to direct his energies more particularly in future. The Rev. W. R. Hiddlcstone (Baptist) alluded to his three years' intimacv With Mr. McEwin, and stated that when any religious movement was started Mr. McEwin was always to the fore in the labour of love. Great harmony had existed between the ministers of the town at their monthly ministerial meetings, and when anything special was brought forward that concerned the religious public, Mr. McEwin was always ready to take a prominent part. He was a man of broad views, and would work shoulder to shoulder with other denominations, and his influence had been for good. He was certain that Mr. McEwin was earning away with him the best wishes of the people. The Rev. R. Kelley (Bible Christian) said, that he had first met Mr. Mc Ewin at the Evangelistic services held in connection with Mr. Iicnry Varley's visit to Adelaide, and had then conceived a very high regard for him. He regretted his departure from Hindmarsh, though as his own stay was going to be brief he should miss him less than some of his brethren, who would be left behind. On behalf of his own congregation he could say that they esteemed Mr. Mc Ewin very highly, that thej- regretted his departure and wished him God speed. The Rev, Charles Manthorpe (Chairman of the Congregational Union) said, no doubt on that occasion (heir feelings were of a mingled character. They could not but feel thankful that- the twelve years ministry of their "brother had been productive of good, and that he had the well wishes of the people. It did not always happen that ministers parted from their congregations with friendly feelings, but be was glad it was so in the present instance. It was pleasing to Mr. McEwin to know that ho liad the prayers of the people with whom he had worked so long ; but there was a tinge of sadness, as there was in :ill sepa;vili0i2s. He did no! know whether these long pastorates wea e a blessing after all. (Hear, hear.) A man only had a certain amount of stulf in him, and was liable to repeat himself. There was a liability when a imui had been a long time in one place for his congregation to get used to his style, phraseology and mannerism, and possibly it, might be good to have a happy and peac-eful separat ion, and allow another to come in and reap tin: fruit of the former pastor's labour. He was present in that building al. th.e ordination service of Mr. Mc Ewia, and he believed that that gentleman was miiijus to pruehjim the (ruth us lie believed it, and had lived to prove that he bail been a true minister to bis people, lie was not going fo give up bis ministry. (Hear, hear.) lie would have as Editor of the Christian Colonist, a larger congregation, and be hoped (bis connection would work a large amount of good, lie advised the church not to be long without a pastor. People now tried to go on the cheap, and he deprecated this system, as preaching was not. all that was required, although he believed in the importance of good preaching. The minister should be a bond keeping his flock together. The church would suffer if tliev if they were without a p:i = lor for long. Therefore be hoped they would he in c:imc-t in prayer, unify, and spirit, and would obtain a preacher after God's own heart. The Rev. J. C. Iviihy (Congregationalist), said sonic one had told him that there was chance for him. but lie liked th.e Port very well, and up to (lie pre-ent he believed the Port lilu'd hi-,. lie did »•>! -ee Iha!. much gocul re-idled generally fruin everlr-tiug pastor-hips. 'Ihc fael that. Mr. McFwiu ban remained 111 liindmursh for twoFe ye irs shov.cd that t) ere wa-good -tuiV in hhn. A- a ride' a man eoidd mil mei.d hi- way - in hi- fir.-l chuivh, and so it v,a- jt.i.-i.J tor lull to £0 <•! eivhciv. He had learned to think a -re 1! d'•:;'. ef Mr. MelAvlu. with. who--, lie v. pnhil. w.i- to f' Old 'Lie. M'er: m to M. j.ihjn, uf :e p. In Mr-. w' 111111 e.irrv w.'. 1 !..•:• w alter'ion of the pee]'!,'. After a few words f;v Mr. G. deacon-, -Mr. McKwin lie 'ant after the many hind th; him that evemnz, mu h of wdiieh he felt v. .1- uuiF-erved. he had a pc- uUar .h !he•el'v in speaking. December ):: 1! a'. «-a * - h"en ;i n 1 fill mouth in hi- history, and 11 continued to he so a- he wa- now in Deo1m:b' , r, sayem; farewed to In- ehuri it Hindmarsh. The piv-ent which had been given to him he accepted with pleasure. It was handsomer than he eoidd h:nc antieipatcd in the present burdened condition of the church, and he received it with all !he more g:-at ideal ion oil that. ac'OUiit, It, was an article whirli would be very useful to him. and as often a- he made use of it he would remember his friends at. Hindmarsh. He need hardiy sav he left them wilh regret, how dee]) and painful no one but him.-elf could know, but he left under a sense of duty. Under a sense of duty he had come to them, under'a sense of duty lie bad stayed with them as long as he bad, and now, under a sense of duty, he was going. Uindmirsh bad been his first pastorate; there be bad been married, Ihc- rc his children had been born, and there any good he had been able to do in the course of his ministerial life had been accomplished. He believed, however, that lie was acting wisely in now leaving them and every circumsl ance which had occurred since he tendered his resignation had confirmed him in that opinion. He wa- glad be bad not left a year ago, when he first, tendered his resignation, as the feeling was then divided, but now his warmest friends thought he had taken the -wisest, course. He was conscious of many defects in bis ministry, and if he had neglected his duty towards any 011c, or bad inadvertently done any- one an injury, he asked their forgiveness, as be on his parL freely forgave any one who might have injured him. He was anxious to leave at peace with all, and his only desire was for the welfare of the church. He urged them as one who knew something of the needs of the congregation to allow no time to elapse without securing another pastor. As to his own future, he did not intend to give up the ministry. He intended to devote himself to the editorial work of the Christian Colonist, and would preach as opportunity offered, but be trusted soon again to have a people whom he could call his own, amongst whom he might go in and out as he bad amongst them, breaking uulo them the bread of life. He th mked the chairman for his kindly allusions to Mrs. McEwin who bad been a true helpmeet to him in his work, and whose inlluence mi his ministry had been greater than they suspeelcd. He again bade them goodbye. He hoped they would forget his defects and remember only bis virtues. After the benediction had been pronounced by (lie Rev. R. Kelly, Mr. McEwin shook hands individually wilh those present as they retired. SrnioEON sometimes bile the nail squarely on the head, here is an instance: "The men" lie snid, "are not- born that can give us a better edition of either Old and Xew Testament than the one we now possess, and it is my belief that they never will be born. The old translators were men who wrote pure Anglo- Saxon, not giv ing us another language in a Latinized version, and they were wonderfully helped by God in presenting to us the true meaning. You may therefore place every confidence in your grandmother's Bible, and if will be a long time before tbo most learned scholars can give you a better. Snoi'iuN'i; SnciDE.—Many a person has been so lowspirited that they have had to be taken care of. The cause was that the digestion was wrong. The best remedy for Indcgesti'on is (hat us"d by ill's. Peima. Iversbrook, Chain j of Ponds, in sending for two bottles that her family says 1 that it gives instant relief, and that it is the best remedy I for Indigestion that she has ever had ; '' and adds, that I what she now sends for is for a man wdio has just come out of the Adelaide Hospital incurable, suffering with Iu- 1 digestion. (This is Ctujss's I\DK;ESTIOX Dnot'.s.) 