SPORTING-. An announcement elsewhere reminds us that next Wednesday (11th inst.) is the opening play of the Tasmanian Racing Club's summer meet, which will be continued on the two following days. Messrs. Question and Westbrook will sell by auction at their mart, Collins- street, to-morrow, the right of occupation at Elwick of bar under grand stand and committee booth, bar under now stand, and the six permanent licensed victuallers' booths. The Geelong meeting being over, it is presumed the handicappers will at once set to a ork declaring the weights for the opening day's racing. The events which require an ointment in the first instance are Hurdle Race, Elwick Stakes, and Ladies' Bracelet. Coriolanus, a Hobart Cup candidate, and Tichborne, nominated for several events, arrived at Launceston yesterday per steamer from Melbourne. 2 Mr. C. Krushka's string, composed of Clarendon, Young Horatio, and Merriman, were put down at O'Brien's Bridge during yesterday. Struggler and Deceiver, the former nominated for Elwick hurdle and cross- country events, and the latter for the Steeplechase only, are amongst the names of the horses entered for the big timber event at Moonee Valley (Victoria) on Saturday afternoon. Several Victorian jockeys will make the trip across as usual, and already three have been engaged to pilot local Hobart Cup horses. Williamson will have the mount on Mr. Agnew's best, Cracknell will steer Bonnie Scotland, and Moore has been engaged to ride Elsinore. Murphy will perhaps be upon a Cup candidate, but otherwise he will make his appearance, in the saddle during the meeting, ,' '_ ,. No bolting of any importance has taken place up to the present, straight out being particularly limited, A steamer leaves Melbourne for Launceston on Saturday next, and this will probably convey the fraternity Either., i , -_ " ' [BY SUBMARINE CABLE.] 1 FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] t", '"'/mELTOUB^E, Tuesday. The South Australian 'Jockey Club have applied to the Victorian Racing Club for permission to hold a three days' meeting on the Flemington course in May next. At a meeting of theVictorian Racing Club committee, hold yesterday, it was agreed to accede to the request The reason for the South Australian Club migrating from Adelaide to Melbourne arises from circumstances attend- ing the recent legislation of the South Australian Parliament in respect to no betting and the prohibition of the use of the total Isator on the Morphetville course, which has practically abolished racing in the sister colony No doubt the Adelaide Cup, which last year was a handicap of 25 sovs., will be included in the May programme. The following horses have been struck out of their engagements at Caulfield next Saturday Donation and Chuckster,, Hawkoa I bury Handicap is Loporollo, Umberto, and Duenna, St. Valentine's Handicap ; Carac races. Hurdles ' ' 2,000 to 80 taken on the Ghost for the Handicap ; 1,000 to 35 wanted Surrey; 100 to 8 price appoint (? against) field. i " . " --_ LATER ." 2,000 to 80 on Ghost for Newmarket Handicap. 