Crxtmbs. Wheat firmer. Theatre RoyaL Garner's Rooms. . Rem liny i has gone. Wool still declining. Election to-morrow. Querulous Old Man. Sir William unhorsed. Grand day for football. College v.' BlackfelloWs. Iberia due from London. Ambulance classes Btarted. Blackfellow football at 2.45. Town Hall meeting to-night. Academy closed till Saturday. Poll day for District Councils. Sir Peter Lumsden a K.G.C.B. Cholera still spreading in Spain. Turks eager for British alliance. Sir George Grey's motion rejected. Seaman drowned at Port Adelaide. The State teachers have conferred. The Guards are quartered at Cyprus, Lacrosse is rapidly becoming popular. Immigrants still pouring into Sydney. Wake up with street - a weepi ng, Johi^ " A tailor made him." Who ? Guess. Rowley resumes the debate to-morrow. Mr. Ri&nold; received with enthusiasm. 100 navvies left for Sydney on Saturday. Kemp Penney could not induce 300 to go. Hemy George thanks Rev. W. T. Carter. Cantata, Archer-street Wesleyan Church. Colonel Scratchley is wanted at East Cape^ Meeting to-night re Immigration Question* The Blacks made .a draw of if on Saturday. A memorial to the late Dr. Gosse proposed- The Bantam has been restored to his roost,. Dion Boucicault has arrived in Melbourne Shall it be Moulden, Santo, or Tomkinson? A elcar-headed legislator badly wanted justnow. 4,000 deaths from cholera in Spain last week. Presentation of Society of Arts prizes tonight. Distribution of prizes Society of Arts tonight. Lord Randolph has been elected for Woodstock. Will Jamie Howe be roasted or toasted tonight ? The Government don't charge for their snakes. Mortar-boards v. guernseys to-day and tomorrow. Prepare, ye listeners, for a great oration tomorrow. Sir Peter Lumcden mollified by being made aK.C.B. v Motber and chi'd burned to death at Mitchell. Look out for water • Bnakes, ye water- , drinkers Don't imag'ie you have cleared the streets yet, John. Shall that wearisome debate drag through the week ? Woodstock Bantam returned. Cock- adoodle-doo ! Meeting to-morrow to found a Gosse Scholarship. 1 If the tquatlers want rabbiters why don't they say so? The polling-booths will be open to-morrow from 8 till 6. Men who come from the country will not be employed. Sultan of Turkey to be asked to help England in Egypt. Another body from the wreck Mars. Undistinguishable. The New South Wales Jubilee Fund now reaches £25,849. Those stray cattle at Millswood are a public nuisance. Dr. Yerco's Ambulance Class begins tomorrow evening. Conservatives may rely upon Turkish ' troops if wanted. That was a perilous handshaking on the wharf on Saturday. Why is it that the ladies take the majority «of to-night's prizes ? The leather-lunged happy. His address* presented to G.O.M. Mr. Robert rfapier, the engineer, well' known here, is dead. Electors, whatever you forget to- morrow do rot forget to vote. State school teachers determined to form a Teachers' Association. Master Barkett, fishing yesterday at Bondi,. appropriated by shark. Each of the election committees is eure their man will be elected. There is a telephone between London and Brighton—about 60 miles. Present Ministry too knowing to touch the ' Bible in Schools question. Youth carried oat to sea at Bondi; seized by shark and disappeared. ectors of the Southern District, an important trust is in your hands. Is it fair to Davie to have his motion shunted off from day to day ? Mr. Dalley's speech about Brother Jonathan, to be wired in full to America. Government financing—borrowing money at 4 per cent, and lending it at 3! When are the residents of Mills wood to be relieved of the cow nuisance? American Independence Day celebrated in fine style in Sydney on Saturday. German Trading Company quietly settled in British portion of New Guinea! Ten to twenty shillings a day to be made at rabbiting, says a Northern man. Osman Digna is hobnobbing with the Mahdi—plotting more mischief? Sun rose at 7.10 a.m., Beta at 4.59 p.m.;: moon sets at noon, rises at 0.17 a.m. Will the Liberals take as much cheek fromthe Bantam now he is on the Benches ? The G.O.M. will never forgive cheeky Randolph for having caught him tripping. ; The North-terrace policy is not unlike that propounded by Union Parliament Premier. Minister of Education not now a " shadowy abstraction, but a real flesh and blood being." It is to,be hoped the Assembly will proceed with business without much further delay. Some of the Ministry's friends try to sit on both Bides of the fence—the attempt not a success. The colony expects that every elector in the Southern District will do his duty tomorrow. Scribbler beats John Darling—he is Conservative, Whig, Protectionist, Freetrader,' Fairtrader. Dr. Cockburn has dissipated the idea that the Minister of Education is a "shadowy abstraction." Electors of the Southern District, it is your duty to make some sacrifice to-morrow and record your vote. New Zealand Ministerial policy scathingly denounced; but members voted for Govern- - ment nevertheless. Mr. Dalley's speech at American Independence banquet on Saturday to be wired infull to Washington. Henry George establishing friendly relations with S.A. Can't he be induced to pay the colony a visit ? South Australia imports men and borrowsmoney to supply her neighbours. Yet some people call her poor. Is it true that the Ministry would not have the ghost of a chance if they treated Davie'smotion as one of no- confidence? German settlement at East Cape, New Guinea, abandoned. Better locality in British territory appropriated! New Zealand Opposition condemns the Government, but won't vote against them. They prefer Sir Julius to Sir George. "Before the end of next session Jenkin Coles will be Premier of South Australia." Well, we might have a worse man. For once the G.O.M. was lately at a loss for words to reply to the Bantam, and finished his attempt amidst the silence of the House. Our coming Premier, when rising to speak pokes his " index finger behind his collar and twists his stud as though that were the knob of an electric bell." The Salvation Army has opened the Great Western Hall at Marylebone free of debt. It cost £7,500, There was a balance of £3,000 which was raised at the meeting. Curious that a glut of money in the hands of locally-directed Companies should prevent working men getting loans on their cottage* at a reasonable rate from their own Sank, 