ODDS AND ENDS. A Beau Ideal. — Cupid, . Russia Cociise i.v Asia ITeratlc.— fiiiicJ. A " Bomm" Busixesb. — Piano" timing. It was a damp day when Noah's mother-in- law got left. f PitoiiAuiUTr. — " The Lion's anare" in Asia becoming small by degrees and beautifully less- — Punch, . Ir. a man really wants, to know of how litt'o importance bo is, let him go with bis wife to tho dressmaker's, Ha (exoitedly) : " Assuredly you were born to marry an idiot." Sho (promptly): "kes,- and I made no mistake 1" A entliusiastio girl in Oakland lately raid" an election bet of 100 kisses. Tho next day too young mau claimed a recount, and the girl ' sontod, rather tlicu throw tho case into tho A iunci arounil tho moon is said to bo a sign Of rain. And a ring around a girl's finger is also said to be a sign of reign. A singer in a Michigan collogo paper . anxiously inquires : " Why comes not my lover \- to me?" Have you thought to chain up the ; ; An Oakland obituary notice referred to, a doceascd citizen as having " gone to a happier homo." Tho widow is about to bring a libel : "Thank heaven," oxclaimcd a fond father, as ho paced tho floor at midnight with his i howling heir, " thank heaven you are not twins 1" " Dili tho deceased die under suspicious cir cumstances asked a coroner of a rural wifc- Inoss. "Naw, ho didn't; ho died in tho water, '.'under tho ice." .-£ A winow's heart is like a house one moves -into— you are always suro to find something j that recalls tho previous tenant kicking about ,yin some cupboard or garret. > " El'iinsj" said a countrywoman to her tluift- S,. less neighbor, ".I wonder how ye can sloop wi' j sae muckle debt on your head to which Ephio ./quietly answered, " I can sleep fit' weel, but I //winner they can sleep that trust me." Ay Innocent. — A photographic authority : vouches for it that an " innocent" lady, lured \ to tho studio by tho announcement in an ndvor- \- ttoemontof "live shillings a dozen," brought a dozen children, her own and friends', to undergo the process for that sum. v Unit niece read out an nccbunt of the en- v throuisnlion of the Bishop of London and in tho . procession were — "The Apparitor of tho Dean and Chapter, tho Apparitor of tho Bishop " " Don't, let anyone say they don't believe in . ghosts after this 1" exclaimed. Mrs. Ramsbotham. Unm3utakp.ii. — " Hello, boy ! What's that you'vo got there ?" Smal.Bpj:— " Atoyjjistol." Undertaker— ."All right; "wait a min.ute.". (Chjife in and gets a tape measure and measures tbfevboy'a height.) " Toll your father I will'lto' arttyri'd about six o'clock to make the necessary : arrangements." Tirih' tell a very pretty little story of the " little four-year-old sou of James Parton, tho historian. One day lust summer ho was found kissiuglho rosebuds to make them open, x'ho fact that he amputated the cat's tail and con verted his mother's tulip bed into a circus ring : is not recorded. Things OxeWoulp Bather Have Lett Unsaid. — Miss Constance — "I'm so glad you think I've improved in my playing of that Nocturne of yours, Hcrr Bemolski ! I hope to be perfect in it next time we meet !" Herr B. .: (gallantly) — " AeU ! MisB Gonschdaucc ! I p hope vo shall meet before xat 1" — l'unch. Witness nt the police court ; " I was sitting in the 'bus, and the prisoner was beside me, v when suddenly I felt him introduciug his hand into my pockot in a clumsy manner." Prisonor _ (bursting into tears) : " Your honor, I implore tho protection of tho court. I protest against si any slanders of my professional ability." . ' . Soxo op the Soudan. fr- Berber, Gladstone ! — Ilavo you one plan? Ves sir, several! , . Trust tho Grand Old Alan ! il One for-Uie Liberal, I; . One for. the Had ; . wi' - And'othors,.tn a pigeon hole, i'i , .. Equal !y mad ruul K'Ui. — Punch. - - sjfi - Just as a lover had dropped on his knees and begun popping the question, a pot poodle, who thought tho proceeding ratlior strange, mndo a i/dosh. for him. With remarkable presence of tKihind and nerve (for awoman), tho girl reached f ' ovor and grabbed the dog by. tho neck, calmly j; saying, " Go on,. George dear ; I'm listening to what you are saying." ' What a strange thing it is that a poor man ;V who gives way to an nppetito for alcoholic sti lt mnlants too" miserable drunkard." A niode- f ratoly well-to- do person with tho same failing ;;.is" his own enemy," or" a good fellow, with only f. one fault," whilst a brandy and' champagne h soaked .millionaire, is " a jolly and genial ;; gentleman, whose hospitality is boundless." i: Quota world, alas ! f. How to no It— Fair iroaidiemtn " And eo ; you liked my performance ?" Gallant admirer : £; " Oh, it was the very nemo of tragic art !. But I am almost sorry I went ; I caught such a fear- i/ful cold." Actress: "Cold! Why, tho theatre if. was warmed!" Admirer: "Yes; but the j; floor was so damp." Actress: "Indeed! What 'f could havo Caused that?"- Admirer: "Tho %. tears." . She gave him a free ticket for the sea- | son. | "Only one thing I ask, my darling," she :' whispered. "What is it, my own sweet?" ho P yelled. " Let our engagement be secret another s month." "Why? No, let mo tell tlio world < you are mine. Let mo show them the prize I J have won." ."Not for one month, dearest — s' one littlo month, I beg of you." " Why do you !, want to keep it a secret? I fear you do not love me." "I adore you, You are tho only man I j-evor loved. But you are poor— and — and—" ; " But I will bo rich. With you, love, I will ' work for wealth." "Yes, darling, yea. But Harry is wealthy, Gcorgo is well off, wil- / liam has pleuty, and several of my admirers have money." "Still thinking of your ad- . mirors ?" " Yes, dear, for my birthday is next ' week, and thoy havo all given me handsomo presents on previous occasions." " Thoughtful angel, forgivo me. Let us wait a week." . A I'ltosE Poem,— Softly, tho moon shed Its silvery light upon the evening air. The differenco between a goose and the moon is that tho goosa sheds feathers. This is less romantio, probably, but good gooso feathers are r worth 70 cents a pound more or less. Thoy stood beneath tho silent stare, Arthur and Evangeline ; not tho gooso and tho moon. She in the glory of young womanhood, and ho in tho SO dollar suit of clothes. It is- astonishing what trust tailors put in manhood. " Ob, Arthur," sho sighed, . " let us flee from this place ; from the wrath of an angry father and : tho torturing taunts of a mercenary mother." At this season, Bho should havo said ."Let us musquito from this place," &c.; But a young woman in lovo can't tell a flea from a musquito, and wo must not cen sure too severely. "Ah, Evangeline, would that it were possible." 'But it to possible, Arthur. Wo can fly boyond tho sea, tho deep blue sea, which lies between us nnd happiness, and beneath the sunny skiesof Italy, In the dolcejar uiente of that lotus land, wo may build about us a beautiful palace, whoso founda tion shall bo lovo, and whoso superstruotnro shall bo the perfection of earthly bltos." The girl had spent nil her chewing gum money on 10 cent novols, and all her time in playing Pauline in an amateur dramatic oluh. "Ah, darling, tho picture you paint is. too lovely for realisation," ho wailed. Of course he know alio painted. Any fellow can toll. flat when ho gots closo to a girl. "Why, lovo i 0 i, Arthur, why?" " Because, dearest," he agonised clear down to tho knees of his pants, " I haven't money enough to bt)y tickets across tho briny, and the walking on that road calls for gum Bhocs, which I am also unable to put up collaterals for during the' doprossod condition of trado." -"Be trade," sho shrieked, and they parted for over.—- Merchant Dweller. 