AND Snow, HILL GAZETTE. rODLISIIED ON TUESDATS AND FIDATS. KERIANG, APRIL 21, 1883. You'rEu ANOTIEEi-Quiite a throng- of persons, whose business or pleasure occa sioned their presence on the local pat. form on Friday last, just beforo the de parture of the mid-day train, formed an amused, and doubtless appreciative audi ence, in connection with a little " inci dent in which Mr. Thompson Moore, M.L.A., and Mr. H. R. Williams, orio of the candidates for the vacant Mandurangi seat, woro the principle actors. Mr. Mooro, in cosilianc with the request of a num ber of eIctors here, who; before recording their votes are desirous of being in a posi tion to -judge for themselves, asked Mr. Williains. if he still denied making an n- I conditional promise to retire in favor of Mr. J. H. McColl, should the other ,can. didates. deotermine toact likewise. Mr. Williams in a most emphatic:manner, re. plied'that he had never pledged himself unconditionally as stated by Mr. Crawford at the ,Enaglehawk meeting, and exproessced very warmly his disapproval of the action of Er Moore, which: he charicterised as anR attepipt to keep him out of the Honso. Th ringimg of the bell brought the con= ;toiversy to annabrot couclnsion;.nnd.the disputants-with their friends having taken their seats, (in separate compartments)i were soon doiRig penance in a tive hoirs' " crawl " to Sandhurst. POLICE CoUaT.-At the Police Court.on Saturday, before Mr. Littleton, J.P, J; Farrant was charged with being drunk and disorderly, also being:in-a public place with intent to commit a felony. Seniior Constable Clark, who made the arrest, stated ho saw the prisoner's hand in the iockiet of a man named " old Josh. "'r The Bench inflicted a fine of 5s.for the-first offencrie, and in the second adminstorod a severe caution, and advised the prisoner to clear out of the town. The fine 'as paid. - NEW INSOLvETr,-Jas. Connelly, Sen., of Wandella. Creek, near Kerang. Lia bilities, £503 10s.; assets, £541; deficiency £52- 10s.. Causes-Failure of crops.for the piast two years, losses by death of cattle and sheep, and sicknless and death infanitily. Attorneys, Messrs. Motteram and-Hyett; assignee, Mr. John Hasker. A sfioetiig under section.53 will be held ork:Wednesday, the 3rd October, at 11.30 a.m.. :. Si DDEN DEATHII. -Yesterday Senior Constable Clarke received information that a :platelayer named Cornelius Chidsey, aged 52 years, had suddenly expired at Tragowel. An enquiry will be held oli the body this moring. TiE XCo INGo CoNTEsT.-An important mineetinig, to considor the fortheoining elec tionii and. decide upon action in regard to votieng for one candidate for theopurpose of seeuiring his return, was arranged to take place at the City Family Hotel, Sandhirst, last evening, and we duly in structed aour correspondent td wire full eparticiilars; but in consequence of the line being.closed he was unable to comply with our reqiuest. Some of our leaiding townsmen left by the train yesterday in order to be present. isounearrions.-Friday was the last day for rceiving nominations for the existing vacancies in the representation of -Avoca e.and' lMtiandurang in the Legislative As sembly.. For the Avoca seat five' candi dates.haie been nominated, vi., Mes'srs. H. 0'B.' Daly, W. F. Tatchell, G. E. onrehier, ,W. Gannson,: and H. S. Barrett Three candidates haoe% been nominated for Mandurabg, viz., Massrs. J. TiEBtrown, H. R. Williams (a former reipecentative of the cbnstituoency) and J. M' Higlcett. ". SENTENCED TO DEATH. - Wm. Barnes was on Friday, in the Supreme Court, found guilty of the murder of Mr. J. B. Slack, at South Melbourne, in September last, and was sentenced to death. The de fence was that the prisoner was under delusions when he made his confession, and that although it had been proved that he was a robber, it had not been proved that he was a murderer. Mr. Justice Holyrod, in summing up to the jury said that the medical evidence proved that J. B. Slack had been throttled and also that Barnes was not insane when he made his confessions. The statements made in them, and corroborated by other evidence, seemed to show that that prisoner was on the scene, at all events, very shortly after the death, and could not be accounted for in any other way. The jury were con sidering their verdict for about two hours. The court was densely crowded. The prisoner declined to say anything, and then the sentence of death was pro nounced in the usual manner. nRsuLTs oF IiRIOATION.-leturns lhave been compiled by the Government. statist showing the numbor of farms on - which irrigation was carried on during the year ending - March 1st, 1884, and the crops raised. Out of a total of 7,830 farms, 158 were imora or loss irrigated, and 7,046 acres put undoer crop. The yield of wheat was 35840 binsloels; oats, 4,634- bushels; barley, 00 bushels; maize, 980 bushols; pacs and beans, 2-bushols; potatoes,-102 tons; mnangel wurzol,- 315 tons; hay, 2,283 tons ; hops, 3.817 cwt.; grapes, not made into wine, 540 cwt.; do., made into wine,. 150 cwt.; wine produced, 820 gallons.-Argun. I.Ainsa on Gnows LANDS.-Messrs R. Chirk and Co., of Riveradalo, have (says tlheo.Horsham correspondent of the Ago) boon compelled to start fenoucing their pro perty oi from tho.e adjoininng Crownvlands with wire netting. Thcre is a largo quan tity~of.san. heath near their station, and the rabbits are so numerous that there is buit little grass left for the sheep. The Go vernmuent men have been on the land, but there wcere not enough of them, aid when thlcey left one place to. go to another the burrows cwere re-opened and re-stocked. Messrs. Clark and Company lhave had aden oil thieireroperty, but as fast as-they elsarod their land it ivas swarmed olut from the Crown lands; -There- is to be about fire miles of nettieg, andt thee work will cost over £800-;-Thy- think this the = chonpest. a'ay i-s the, long reeias;they, Swould leave tio e c'iatty dstio3iiig Tir IlecnrT Ar.-At a-recont'meetina of the Bacreis Marslironneil a resolution was passed directing: the'rabbit inspector not to enforce thee Act - ccpt under iei strucion' in e Cih case frioi the council, whiceh would meotO bvevoPfweek for that tii rpeie. The rabbit inspector, Mr. O'Ha gan, resigned oflice, and declined to goi on with 12 crises to be tried at the ncest Court of Petty Sessions, as .ho regarded the resolution as a reflection on his pro ceedings and a contravontion of the Act, which eompow-ers inspectors to act on their orn responsibility, sulject to th.gorieranl and cot specific control of coeincils, and under the jurisdiction, as to the penalities and costs of two justices. 'Sun:eDvisro OF SoUISe BrDnccs-A pefition, praying: for the sub- division of the two ridings which constitute the pre. ount Shire of St. Arnand into four ridinigs, was, last week, presented to - tbo"Minister of Public Works, by the secretary of the shire, (Mir. Gorrie). RECEIvsED.- The April numbeoi of :tho Australian journal, ":Oiicea Meonth, is to hand.:. Its contents are interpstihg and instrective, the items being e-well chosen, and suitable for every class of readers. The publication is w oll arranged, neatly printed, and illustrated throcighliout with lithos, whichl -are- perfect works of art. Once a Montth bids fair to occupy a leading position amongst the most polpular publi. catiois'of the day.. The publishers are Messrs, Win. -Inglis and Co., 87 drid 88 Flindlers Street East, Melbourne, aid the subscription (including, postageo) 12s. d. per annum. LMessrs. C. Yeo and Son will offer: for sale,-at-Eerang, on Friday nost, 2,000 sii and eight-tooth ceothers. Oni Monday, the 27th- inst, at Pyramid. Hill, Messrs. .Taverner and Williamson. will sell the leasehold selection of MrAl C. P. Todda, ; P.In another colninn Mr. II. R. Williams announces himself a mcndilate for the sutfrages of the elect irs of Mandurang at thoeforthcoming election. Thee official dccl tion of a poll, to -be takini tthe 24th i )t., for the election of one member to sfo- v in the Legislative A-isembly for the Avoca electorate, iipeiub i shodresawhere.A .aimilar .notildcation with reference t the taindurang deec toidtetalso appearq: - - - - A Ar nemeeting of~tho Cannum Farmers' Union held recenty, a number of the ratopayore in the oleran Shire who were incmbers of the unejn and were dissatis fled at the shire's neaon as regards rabbit destrection, signed. a petition and for wafriea it to the Ministor of Lands re questing him to declire it a rabbit in fested district, and to apipoint a vermin bard to carry out the work of eiterminna tiohici:-- - \- Where the following little incident hap puene, -it would lbe. imprudent, if not im proper, to relate, as it might lead to the identifieation of the worthy old lady moreo immediately concerned. Enough to say sheo isi a highly respectable Scotch womancsomowht tart of tongue, perhaps, and not all pleased with her husband's affection for whisky. One night, when he had been caronsing at a friend's hoeso rather later than usual, she induced her brother to enact the part of a ghost, ho pinu to frighton Duncan out of his jovial habits. And - who may yoe lie ?" calmly onquired the belated wayfarer, as the epparation rose from awajside bush. "em an culd Nick.". was the reply. "Come awe,' mon," rejoined Duncan, "g eio's i selrce o' han.' Im married to a sister of yours." The ghost never walked again. -Hero and There,-LA~Argcus. - -- - 