LADIES' COLUMN. DRESS AND ADORNING. The Rev. James Jefferis, LL.D., delivered at the Congregational Church, Pitt- street, on Sunday, September 13, the third of a series of lectures on " Spinster Life," dealing par ticularly with DreBa and Adorning. The congregation numbered fully 2,000, and was composed to a very large extent of young men and young women. We make the following extracts from the lecture'" You will not, I think, consider me too severe an ascetic or critic if I say that an excessive fondness for dress and ornament is characteristic of very many of the daughters of Britain to-day. How can I pass through the leading thoroughfares of the city in the later afternoon without seeing clear and visible tokens of thiB prevailing vanity? How can I read the description of the yearly carnival in Melbourneon Cup Day . without knowing that the chief attraction is not the racing, not even the gambling, but the coBtly splendour of the ladies' dresses ladies whose wasteful extravagance deserves juBt rebuke. ' They toil not, neither do they spin, and yet Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these.' Let me say, however, that our age is by no means as bad as many that have gone before it. It would be difficult for a prophet of to-day to deliver such a homily as Isaiah delivered to the Hebrew women. The vocabulary of our lan guage fails in setting forth the articles of luxurious attire which are given in his 3rd chapter. I could quote you from the early fathers evidence too ample that even Chris tian ladies of the 3rd and 4th centurieB wore apparel that would be deemed shameless now. The fashions that prevailed in England not a hundred years ago were a parody on human nature, and 1 venture on the other hand to express the opinion that the usual dress worn but a few years baok by English ladies was more in harmony with the re quirements of art and the necessities of life than almost any ever before sanctioned by general custom. Already, alas! a change has set in. Fashion, the imperious despot enemy of art, and comfort, and health —has issued her mandates, and one has to fear from tendencies already begun that we may shortly witness the reign of ugliness and bizaree. . . . Your clothing onght to promote health. Re member that the body, ao fearfully and wonderfully made, is called in Scrip ture a temple of the Holy Ghost. Yon are required, then, to care for the body that it be Kept in health and vigour, able to respond to all high demands that are made on it as the symbol and organ of the in dwelling sonl. And this is to be done, not only by proper food and fitting ,exercise, but by appropriate dress. Any impediment to free action, any hindrance to the circula tion of the blood, any obstacle to the full play of those internal organs which minister to life, is a sin against the {body. I am not speaking widely or at random. What numberless lives are sacrificed by unnatural compression in order that a false fashionable outline may be gained! How many have absolutely destroyed their health, and ren dered themselves 'unfit for the common and the higher duties, by this shameful sacrifice to custom. Warmth, ventilation, freedom, purity, regard these as absolutely essential toyourdreBB. 2. Your apparel ought to have the charm of grace and beauty. Nature is alwayB beautiful—and when art comes to supplement Nature, it is an offence and a contradiction when it does not strive to be beautiful too. As the earth bringeth forth her bud, so the bride adorneth herself with her jewels: or, as Coventry Patmore sings in the song of a lover:— Boon nature to the woman bows; She walks in all its glory clad; And chief herself of earthly shows, Each other helps her, and is glad No splendour 'neath the skiesproud dome But serves for her familiar wear ; The far-fetched diamond finds its home, Flashing and Bmonldering in her hair ; For her the seas their pearls reveal; Art and strange lands her pomp supply With purple, cmome, and cochineal, Ochre and lapis lazuli. You may be in harmony with Nature and the Divine intent by arraying yourself with a frace and beauty; or you may siu against fature by extravagant finery, by false com binations of colour, by the overloading of ornament, by distorting the typical outline of the human body. Of the many common transgressions I can select but one. 'God,' saith the Scripture, ' made man upright, but be bath sought out many inventions.' One of his most diabolic inventions is to prevent women from walking upright by causing her to wear an instrument of torture for the feet. And to the same source, to the man-milliner —for surely no woman could have conceived it—I trace that ghaBtly distortion of the human shape which of late the tyranny of fashion has demanded in woman's dress. That Bhe should lend herself to a custom which destroys all beauty of form is to me §ast comprehension. The fashionably ressed girl of the period is in this respect a scandal and a warning. I beseech you, young women, in the name of Him who is beauty as well as wisdom, that you refuse to accept ugliness as a passport into fashionable life. Defy fashion where it so grossly sins. Refuse to be at the mercy of your cordwainer or dressmaker. Rule them; do not let them rule you. A Christian woman at least should he free. Let the woman of the world, if she will, bow to the shameful yoke. 3. Your address and adorning should be in harmony with truth. Here I can ley down no rigid line. Your own conscience must be the arbiter. You need not indulge in over scrnpulosity. They are certain convention alities which deceive no one. Do not be dis turbed by those. The essence of falsehood is deceit. If you wilfully and deliberately deceive, you oflend against truth. And as RuBkin says, ' There are Borne faults slight in the Bight of love, some errors slight in the estimate of wisdom; but truth forgives no insult and endures no stain.' And a lie may be as downright and inexcusable in dress or ornament as in spoken word. What false hood there ie in fabrics. In the Chamber of Deputies in Paris, as I saw by yesterday's paper, it was Btated that ' the fashion tor real silk tissues had passed, and cheap silks were in demand. In such silks much cotton was introduced; indeed, in some caBes inferior silk stuffs had been made in which there was 90 per cent, of cotton.' You want to have a silk dreBs. What could be better both for beauty and wear ? But you have not money for real silk, and so you buy a cotton dress with a silken luetre, and seek to palm it off as real. You want to wear gold and jewels. W hat could be finer? But your means are limited, and so yon buy copper with a golden washing, and clear and coloured glass that looks like the diamond and ruby. Cheap jewellery ! What young soul trained in the school of Christ does not utterly disdain it ? And there are other modes of false adorning, Crypian says, 'The apostate angels first taught the daughters of men to paint the eyes with blackness, to stain the cheeks with a deceitful red, to dye the hair with false coIoutb, and to drive out all truth both of face and head by the assaults of their corrup tion.' We need not go back quite as far for the source of modern falsities. There is quite enough to account for them in the too preva lent desire to emulate and outshine. A true hearted girl dresses to please, but how many are there whose chief aim is to surpass the rest Vanity leads into a whole labyrinth of falsehood. 4. A fourth rule I will give you is this—dress in proportion to your circum stances. You may not believe—I do not my self—that society is wisely divided into upper and lower, as if money or adventitious rank were the sole criterion of what is worthy. But we all of us occupy certain positions in a social scale. Some, for the sake of example, are learned, and some are less learned. If any one of you, not having won University honours, were to put on tne cap and gown of the girl graduate and call your self Bachelor of Arts, how foolish, as well as false, you would be. Some again are rich, and some are not rich. If one of you pos sessed of little means should spend it all on dress, and appear in public like a lady of property, would not that, too, be foolish and false ? And yet how many do it ? How many servants dress like their mistresses? How many young women, winning money by daily honourable toil, spend it foolishly and even dishonourably upon fine clothes out of all keeping with their position. My thoughts go beyond this. The richest among you may well think whether an nndue proportion of your means is not being spent on luxurious attire. In every station there is need of thrift. I do not want to be a prophet of evil; but let me tell you the prosperity of the cclony is not always going to be at its present height. Our chief product, by winch wealth has been created and trade and commerce kept in activity, has been for a year or two declining in value, and during the past week so seriously as to inspire many with fear. I counsel you to be thrifty, one and all The dark loom of hard times is npon the verge of the horizon. And then, yet further, which of you will be neglectful of the claims of charity, the wise-hearted benevolence which iB among the highest duties of the Christian life? What Rn tasKin said of English ladies will apply, though perhaps a little less strongly, to yon:—' As long as there are cold and nakedness in the land around you, so long tbere can be 110 question at all but tbat splendour of dreBs is a crime. In due time, when we have nothing better to Bet people to work at, it may be right to let them make lace and cut jewels; but as long as there are any who have no blankets for their bedB and no rags for their bodies, so long it is blanket-making and tailoring we must set people to work at, not lace.' Take a real illustration, instead of one from ima gination. This very week I was in the com pany of an old friend from South Australia, one of the wealthiest of our fellow-colonists. He has given large sums for the endowment of a University. He contrioutes to fevery wise effort of philanthropy. He gives muni ficently for the relief of the outcasts in London, and for the help of the deserted children in the cities of Australia. His wife, a cultivated English lady, true helpmate in all his bene volence, was by his side, dressed with simple grace, without one touch of splendour of attire. Simplicity and charity go hand in hand. Only by thrift can you give. Which then would you prefer—fine and costly dress and adorning to the full extent of your means; or to hear your Lord say at last, amid the plaudits of Heaven:—'For as much as ye did it to the least of these ye did it also to me.' 5. Just one con cluding rule, which I will give in the words of Scripture, ' Adorn yourselves with modest apparel.' Remember that you are English maidens. Remember that you are Christian maidens. Show clearly to all 'the orna ment of a meek and quiet spirit, which in the sight of God is of great price. For after this manner aforetime the holy women also who trusted in God adorned themselves.' Here it is impossible to define and prescribe, but God himself is your teacher. Nature has surrounded you with a bodyguard of modesty. Whatever would bring a blush to your cheek must be wrong. Whatever is doubtful you had better away with. U the insolence of fashion requires you at social parties to dress in a mode that in home life would be deemed shamelesB, refuse to sacri fice your modesty upon the altar of inde corum. Let it suffice for the savage to be half clothed and not ashamed. A refined civilization and the spirit of true religion demand seemly and modest apparel, A cor rupted civilization, reckless of religious re straint, would have you go back to bar barism. In many ways the age is wanton. The barriers between virtue and vice are being broken down. What hideous sounds are these that of late have reached from the old country, like the mutterings of a distant and raging storm, or the groanings of a sub terranean earthquake:— The world . . look round. The world we're come to hate, is swollen hard With perished generations and their sinB. You are young and innocent, and you may reply— And is it so, and is the world so bad. While I hear nothing of it through the trees? The world was always evil, but so bad ! Yes, so bad. And you in your maidenhood need to be warned. Keep within the safe guard of your innocence as in a pavilion of God. Let your apparel be in keeping with your character. Every outward {excess is a weakness, a breach in the walls. The love of dreBB, the false beauty of it—the love of orna ment, the false glitter of it—has been the beginning of ruin to thousands of girls. It is one of the perils of great cities, bad enough in London and New York and San Francisco, and equally bad, perhaps, in Melbourne and Sydney. Bear with me then in fervent appeal. I will express myself in the wordsof the apostle Paul, 'I am jealous over you with godly jealousy; for I espoused you to " usbana one husband that I might present you as a pure virgin to Christ. But I fear lest by any means as the serpent beguiled Eve in his craftiness your minds should be corrupted from the simplicity and purity that is in Christ.' And so I end my advice to you on dress and adorning." 