\- I THE VOLUNTEER PARADE AND CHURCH SERVICE. The annual church parade of the Northern division of the local forces came off yesterday morning, the anni versary of Her Majesty's Birthday. The weather was all that could be desired, and the sun shone out clear and bright. As early as 9*30 a.m. men in uniform were seen wending tneir-way-to tne barracks, which showed plainly that there would be a good muster. At 10 a.m. the bugles sounded the ' fall in,' and the following was the state of the parade : — Staff — Lieutenant-Colonel Warner aud Staff Captain Hunt.' Artillery — Major Harrap (retired list), Captain Collins, Lieutenant Harrap, and 68 rank and file. Rifles — Major Aikenhead, Captains Room and Martin, liieuteiiants Gould, Fairthorne, Tulloch, Young, and Fawns ; rank and file, 105 ; band, 22. Cadets — Staff-Ser- geant Beasly and 45 cadets, making a total of all ranks on parade of 251. After the men had formed up under their company officers, Golonel Warner took command, and thebatt&lion; marched to St. John's Church, the band playing ' The Gloria,' from Mozart's 12th Mass (an arrangement by Mr T. Bryan), which they rendered in good style, the music uciug v eij idtuiaui.^ wiuiucuvcu uu uj the - onlookers. On arriving outside the church the men were halted, and the Catholic contingent marched to the Church of Apostles -in charge of Lieut. FawnSj of the .Rifles. -/From St. John's Church to the Church of the Apostles, the band played an excellent march (especially arranged from Haydn's Creation by MrJE... Bryan), and the beautiful . Austrian hymn. The remainder then marched into St. John's Church,, jvhere the body of the building haiil bberi reserved for them ; the edifice was crowded, and many were unable to gain admusion. The service was conducted by the Rev. W. H. Savigriy. The proper psalms selected for the occasipn were the 48th and 68th ; the hymns, ''which :) were 'God save our Gracious Queen' and 'Onward Christian soldiers,' were heartily sung by the whole congregation, and printed slips were circulated for., the ^ use... of the troops. The reverend; gentleman selected his text ,, from Acts JL, verse 1 — ' There was - a cartain man in Caa area called Cornelius, a centurion of the band called the Italian Band.' The rev. gentleman, in opening his sermon, made an interesting reference to the ' day of Pentecost,' which he said *was one of the most popular feasts in the Jewish calen der, as on that day, amongst other ob servances, the first fruits of the harvest were offered to God. On the day of Pentpcost,~it would also lie remembered, the disciples, who were staying in Jerusa lem, assembled t ogether in one place by some common instinct, and whilst there they heard~the Bound of a 'mighty wind'— the breath of heaven. The first representative of the peace of Christianity, said the preacher, was a soldier — a Roman soldier. He spoke of the great warlike preparations that were going on both in England and Russia, aud said at present the words of statesmen and the cabinets of monarchs were redolent with war. If that war were to be a war of revenge, glory, or aggrandisement, it would be the duty of the Church to discountenance it ; but the very word ' volunteer' showed that tliey were bent on the best of all actions, the defence of their native land, j and. he felt sure that any man who joined tho volunteers from conviction must be benefited by it.-: He had been brought into contact with numbers of volunteers ? exercised more self-denial, and were more unselfish, than the English army. He instanced the names of the late General Gordon, who, he said, was one of the greatest British heroes, and going back to the wars in India, they found such men as Havelock, Edwards, and Hedley Vickbrs. Strict obedience and attention to duty makeB the Christian soldier ; and as an instance of self-denial, he referred to that shown by our Saviour, who poured out His life on tha Cross for His people. The rev. gentleman then closed his ser mon, which was most attentively lis iened to, with a few noble sen timents about Her Majesty the Queen, the anniversary of the birth of whom they were that day celebrating. At the vjuurcii or me Apostles, tue Ate v. r. Gleeson delivered a most eloquent ad dress on the Feast of the Holy Ghost, which secured the attention ?of his hearers closely. On the way from the Church of the Apostles i to St. John's Church, the band played all the way, ' Bringing in the Sheaves,' and after the service at the latter place, the men formed up in line outBide the church and were marched back to the barracks, the band playing the same march. After the parade was dis missed, the band played 'God Save the Queen,' and the men dispersed to their homes. We were very gratified at the way in which the Rifle Band played the ? different pieces, as it shows that they are being properly instructed, and will in due course be a really first-class band. To-day, at 9 a.m., the whole force will I fall in for a general parade, and at noon a royal salute and feu dejoie will be fired I from the Windmill Hill, and the bat talion will be put through some manoeuvres by the Lieutenant-Colonel commanding. The Launceston Volunteer Rifle Dramatic Club will give a performance at the j Mechanics to-night, entitled ' New men I and old Acres,' and we hope to see it well patronised both by the regiment and tho public. All volunteers attending are requested to wear full dress uniform. 