" Everything being ready; the boy-who could not drive-let go-the leaders, and the well-trained team started steadily on the homeward . ¡ . road. Mr. Crabb stoodup, ready to jump if any thing.went w^ . . ; .. ... . ,r I ' HIS A USTRALIAN BRIDE. '' ^ ¿. SPURZHEIM. '.V CHAPTER VI. ?(Continued..) ¡ . Nerida, naturally fast and full of courage and strength, seemingly glad to be out of confinement, and once more in action, with her mistress on her back, laid herself down to ber'work, and went striding along in a magnificent galop. The white trees flitted past like ghosts trailing in long and rapid procession, as if hieing to some ghostly gathering. The road was good and firm, none of your macadam, and - the fast footfalls of Nerida resounded throughout the quiet night. Here and there an opossum or two, disturbed in social or amatory visits to neighbours, bounded up the trees, and glanced wonderingly down throughthe foliage at the white-coated horse and the intrepid rider, with head uncovered, and long tresses streaming in the air, pressing on through the still moonlight night.' The little police-station at Pikumbul was reached at last. The senior- constable had not gone to bed, and the vigorous knocking at the door soon brought him forth. Amy's story was soon told. Bunbul stuck up by bushrangers, a gentle- man killed, Mr Heathcote and the hands away ! Nobody left but the ladies and the children ? The men there now. Miss Bellington had left the station an hour and a half ago, riding the twenty-two miles in that time. The senior-con- stable, who' was an Irishmanrwas astonished and excited at the intelligence,'and by nothing more, it appeared, than the extraordinary ride of the young lady before him. It was to his mind the fastest time on record, and the grandest thing that he had ever heard of. " Be the holy-farmer,"-in respect to you, Miss-we'll have the villians. Now who the divil can it be ? It can't be Frank Blossom and his gang. No ;'they're far away, and dare not show out. We haven't had anything of this kind in this district before. But be the piper that played before Moses, I wouldn't have the devils escape for year's pay." But the sergeant was not idle. He was out and in the stable and busy with his horse within a minute after he had Heard the intelligence. His comrade was in the township, making a last round to see that all, was quiet for the night. Would Miss Bellington kindly ride on, and tell him to hurry along; while he, the senior-constable, got the horses and arms ready ? Instantly accepting the mission, Amy was in the town- ship in less than five minutes. A little group was assembled tinder the verandah of the store, and among them was the constable, and the manager of the bank, a pleasant young fellow, whom I afterwards met and liked very much. Two or three other members of the small community completed the group, and they were discussing the news just received from Sydney, previous to retiring to their several homes for the night. Amy's sudden appearance on the scene, and the character . of the intelligince she brought created the most profound excitement. .Her story was soon told, and in a few moments the active young constable was speeding like a deer towards the police statiou. , .Mr Donaldson, the bank manager, and two or three others, rushed off for their horses, determined to accompany the police on their expe- dition to Bunbul against the bushrangers. Mrs. Smithson, the wife of the storekeeper, hearing the news, now came, and asked Miss Bellington in to rest and remain until morning. She was, however, too much excited, and too anxious about her friends at Bunbul to accept this kindly proffered hospitality. Accepting the loan of a hat, she again started for the policé station^ at which she arrived just in time to see the two policemen and Mr. Donaldson galloping off. Their horses were fresh and powerful. Nerida was blown by her fast pace. It was no use trying to keep up to the police party. However, she' followed them at a fairly fast rate, and, as it turned out, arrived at Bunbul before the capture of the bushrangers had been effected. The fight, however, waB going on. , The police were splendidly mounted, as the entire force in Australia is. The men were young, active, plucky/and . full of spirit, as well as eager for distinction and possible promotion-though the latter was perhaps the least incentive-and started on their journey determined to capture the bushrangers, if they were still at the station, or to forfeit their lives in the attempt. They knew that if they met the robbers a fight was inevitable, for they were certain that .those who were engaged in the sticking up business were desperate ruffians, and not likely to yield without a struggle. Their greatest fear was that the men would get clear away before they could reach the station, in which case they would have to follow, by tracking, always difficult, and more particularly so where several public roads existed-one on each side of the river in this case. They were in hopes that as Miss Bellingten had made such a rapid journey, they might, if they travelled as quiekly, arrive in time to meet the robbers at the station. The lady had told them of her manner of leaving the house, and if her absence had not been discovered, there was good reason for hoping that they would not leave the station for an hour or two. All were good riders, and their magnificent horses were urged along the level bush track at a fast gallop. The two policemen carried their short rifles, and also their revolvers. -Mr/Donaldson'had his revolver only. They passed Yubba Yubba in, about three-quarters of "an hour. They did not attempt to call, for Miss Bellington had told them of her unavailing visit to the house ; but she did not mention her suspicions as to the identity of "the yónrig owner of Yubba Yubba- and the leader of the bushrangers. So the party pressed forward, drawing , rein . oniy for. a few moments to allow their horses to recover breath, arid then to be urged on as before. They reached the gate at Bunbul in less than two hours from the time of starting from, Pikumbul. As they drew up,, some three hundred yards from ,the house, there was nothing to show that the bushrangers were abont, and the party began to fear that they had arrived too late¿ and that the game had escaped. Alight was visible through the bpen door of one of the rooms opening ou to the verandah' ; but no sound was . heard, nor was there at the moment sign of living creatures. Notwith- standing the seeming quiet of everything,, the police deemed . it.safe to approach cautiously. After a hurried-consultation, ' conducted iu low tones, the party led their Horses towards the fence of the. garden surrounding the house. Securing, them tb the pickets, the senior constable carefully. climbed over the low railing, closely followed by his two com- panions. Dropping on all fours they commenced to creep towards the verandah, which, save where the light streamed through the open door, was in shadow. Being as.they were, on their hands and knees, they could not see into the room. Proceeding in this fashion they had reached within some twenty yards of the verandah, when , a loud neigh' from a horse at the back broke upon the stillness of the night. This equine salute was inimediatelyireplied tb by one of their own horses, and almost at the same moment a man who had|4 evidently been lying down on the verandah, sprang to his'-|v... feet. As he rose from his lurking or resting place he came into the light of the lamp streaming through thé open door] . "Jim ! Joe ! Turn out, boys ! There's something up ! he shouted; and the party could hear the sharp click of. the lock of the double-barrelled gun which he brought to his hip, ready for instant use. There was a moment's con- 't fused sound within the room, as of heavy chairs being . - pushed away, and in less than half-a-minute two other merl," ,K each with a revolver in his hand, rushed out upon ' the verandah. "What is it, Bill?" they eagerly demanded, as their eager glances were thrown forward, striving, to penetrate the shade made by the shadow of the house in.the moonlight. , > , "Don't know," replied the man addressed as Bill, " but there's something up, I'm blooming well certain, for I heard "Blue Ruin giving the office just now. Another cove--not one of oura-answered him. I don't like it, boys, and we'd better clear. Look out ! What's that behind that stump ? ' " This sudden exclamation was caused by the sharp-eyed Sill catching a glimpse of some movement made by the sergeant, who was crouching behind the pedestal of a sun- dial. The others were lying flat on one of the footpaths, hidden from view by, the border and a few shrubs, a few feet away from the dial. " The senior constable, seeing that further concealment was useless, and, indeed, not desiring to avail himself of it longer, now rose to his feet, but still partially sheltered, as to the lower part of his body, by the friendly cover of the sun-dial support. " ' Surrender, ye divils, in the Queen's name ! We arrist you ! We are police ! Give it to them, boys ! Ah ! ye dirty blagards ; yell dance on nothing yet, so ye will ! Surrender, will ye ! Shoot the dirty bastes like dogs ! " " The reply given to the first command to surrender was the almost simultaneous fire' of a rifle and two revolvers. All the shots were, however, neatly dodged by the con- stable, who dropped behind the dial as if his legs had been suddenly removed. He thus escaped any injury. " The attention of the bushrangers was at this moment turned in a new direction by the sudden appearance of the other constable and Mr. Donaldson, both of whom im- mediately opened fire on the bushrangers. Several shots were rapidly exchanged, until one of the bushrangers fell, ?evidently severely wounded. The other continued to fire a few more Bhots, but without effect on the attacking party, who finally made a rush for the verandah, Mr. Donaldson receiving, as he did so, a bullet wound from a revolver in the fleshy part of the shoulder. It was not dangerous, and, though it became a little painful subsequently, he did not feel it the moment. A struggle at close quarters took place on the verandah ; the bushranger with the double rifle clubbing his weapon and making savage blows at the senior constable, who, however, cleverly and skilfully def ended himself with his own rifle, which he had a few moments before emptied, and not had time to reload. " Meantime the other remaining bushranger fought like a demon. He drew another revolver from his belt, and in a few moments more one or both of those opposed would, probably, have been laid dead at his feet. But it was not to be. His time had come. At the very moment he raised his arm, to fire point blank in Mr. Donaldson's face, the dubbed end of the second policeman's carbine came down with crushing force on his head, and he fell to the ground senseless, his skull beaten in by the terrible blow. " At this moment the remaining bushranger, seeing what had happened to his two confederates, suddenly turned, and, dropping his weapons rushed into the house, through a door at the opposite end of the room, along a passage, and finally, springing through an open window, reached the back .of the house and the place where the ruffians had left their horses. In a moment he was mounted, releasing the bridles of the other horses from the fence as he did so. The senior constable had followed his man in rapid pursuit, but he was not quick enough. The fellow was fairly in the saddle, and, as he turned his horse, he drew his revolver and took a -flying shot at his pursuer as the latter jumped through the window. Fortunately his aim was not good, and the worthy senior constable escaped without further hurt than a small scratch in the thick part of the leg, which gave him bnt very trifling inconvenience while on his feet. "Immediate pursuit was impracticable, and the intrepid senior returned to his companions. He found two of the bushrangers lying insensible on the verandah, both to all appearance dead. "I was also found on the verandah, where I had fallen -insensible from the combined effects of the pistol shot and the knock-down blow I had received. They thought at first that I was dead ; but, on examination, Mr. Donaldson discovered soma signs of life, and I was at once conveyed to the room where I afterwards recovered consciousness, " In the meantime the other constable had proceeded to the old kitchen, where Mrs. Heathcote and her two children, Miss Esther Bellington, and the servant maid had been placed, and released them. They were, of course, all greatly alarmed, Betty, the maid, exhibiting the most extreme terror. They were soon reassured, however, that the fight- ing was all over, and that there was no immediate cause for ifear, as two of the bushrangers had been rendered helpless, and the third had fled, and was not likely to return. "While they were still talking Miss Bellington rode up, having ridden as fast behind the party as Nerida, tired as she was with her hard gallop, could carry her. The meeting between the ladies under such circumstances can be better imagined than described. I can't attempt to perform the latter task, and as I know your imagination is vivid and large, I leave it to you, Nick, to supply all that my narra- tive lacks at this stage. "It was a sorrowful as well as a joyful time-sad, that there had been so much of bloodshed ; joy, at the escape of so many friends. I was soon under the tender and skilful of Mrs. Heathcote and Amy Bellington, and, as I have .already told you, soon recovered my senses." "And lost 'em again as quickly, when you married," added Mr. Crabb. «* I don't agree with you in that, Nick," rejoined Mr. Holton ; . . but whether you are right and I am wrong is of little consequence, for what has happened can never be re ?called, and I have lost my wits so completely this time that I don't want it recalled. " Mr. Crabb grunted scornfully, and Mr. Holton resumed his narrative. "Well, the rest of my story is soon told, though many -important events followed. I need not trouble you with .details, however. " On examination it was found that Amy's worst sus- picions had been amply confirmed. He who had been the leader of the bushrangers was lying dead upon the verandah, a pistol bullet through his heart. On removing the black mask, the features of James Slurkins, of Yubba Yubba, were disclosed, and instantly recognized by all present. Beside him, also dead, killed by the blow on the head, lay his brother. There they lay, those two misguided young men, the victims of the vicious courses they had by choice * ' followed. They had deliberately selected a career of crime and violence, rather than pursue the level path-for there was no uphill work for them-of honesty and straight- forward dealing. They had no excuse of poverty to urge them to the adoption of such a life. The owners of a fair property, capable of vast improvement, they had had every opportunity of achieving a substantial prosperity, if not ..great wealth, by the ordinary, methods. But, wild and reckless by nature, accustomed to the association of those -who had graduated in crime in the old country, and become (past masters of the art in Australia, they soon took up the evil ways of those companions, and, by reason of lusty youth and great animal courage, improved upon the teaching they had received. They had been long marked as the boldest and most successful cattle-duffers and sheep-fakers in the locality; but they had so managed hitherto as to evade detection in the act, and so had escaped capture. It was subsequently found that they were the actual leaders, also, of a gang of bushrangers, though it was not suspected until after the tragic affair at Bunbul, which was the end of their career. The bullet only anticipated the hangman in their case. " Well, there isn't much more to tell. ^ Mr. Donaldson and the other trooper returned after a fruitless search for the escaped bushranger. For anything I know he is still at large. The following day a magisterial inquiry was held, concerning the deaths of the two bushrangers. After the evidence of the constables, myself, and Miss Bellington had been given, the magistrate found that both men were justi- fiably shot while attempting the perpetration of crime. He also complimented the police and Mr. Donaldson on the courage and promptitude they had displayed in the case. He also spoke in terms of high admiration of the splendid feat MisB Bellington had performed, in her wonderful ride to Pikembul, " Mr. Heathcote returned the following day, having been informed by special messenger of the stirring events that had taken place during his absence. Of course the sticking up of the station, and the shooting of the two bushrangers, created a great excitement throughout the district. Visitors were frequent, and Miss Bellington became quite a heroine in the neighbourhood. I may remark here that all the money which the robbers had possessed themselves of, in- cluding my sovereigns, was recovered, having been found in a valise belonging to one of the Slurkinses. "I rapidly recovered from my hurt, and, for the next month, spent a very pleasant time, chiefly in the society of Miss Bellington. I then learnt something of her nature something which I have since realized, and now appreciate at its true value. My admiration of her personaP beauty and the qualities of her mind quickly deepened into love. My affection was returned, and within two months of our meeting we were engaged, and it was determined that our marriage should take place in Sydney. Mr. and Mrs. Heathcote, their family, Miss Bellington, her sister, and myself left the station a few weeks after the events I have just told you of. We arrived safely, and I took up my old quarters in Wynyard Square. We found that the story of Amy's exploit had preceded us, having, indeed, been re- produced in all the newspapers, with more or less of embellishment, and economy of facts. She was, of course, made much of, and we had a lively time for a month or two. I was, however, desirous of returning to England, and the marriage preparations were hurried on. Well, I need not bore you with the other particulars. Suffice it to say that the ceremony took place. Amy having no parents, the wedding took place from the house of Mr. and Mrs. Heathcote, than whom no father or mother could have been kinder or more attentive to a dearly loved daughter. It was my desire that Amy's sister should accompany us to England. A great change had come over her, Amy said, within the previous BÍX months. She had been amongst the brightest and gayest of her companions, their leader in all amusements, as she was their superior in physical and mental graces. But her bright spirit had sud- denly become subdued, and a settled melancholy seemed to envelope her as in a cloud. I learned that she had been engaged to a young gentleman of fortune and good reputa- tion ; but some misunderstanding had arisen - of what nature I did not learn, nor, as I could see that the subject was painful to Amy, did I seek to pursue inquiry. Esther declined my invitation to accompany us, seconded as it was by her sister. She would rather remain in Australia, she said. And as we could see that she was determined, and that our importunities only distressed her, we ceased to urge her further. She went back to her work of tuition on the station where she was engaged. Knowing the kindness of Mr. and Mrs. Heathcote we were assured that she would always have the protection and advice of such excellent friends. It was also arranged that I and my wife would return to Australia after a twelve months' visit to Europe. And so we left, and here we are, my boy, You have seen my wife, and heard the history of our acquaintance, court- ship, and marriage-my whole course of love. You have learned that I owe my life to her ; and, Nick, having seen her, tell me truly, as man to man, if you can imagine a better service to which that life could be devoted than to the love and honor of such a woman." Thus appealed to, Mr. Crabb snorted and sniffed alter- nately, and fidgeted about in his chair as if it was even anything but what it was supposed to be- an easy one. He did not like to say an ungracious thing to his friend, and to say anything pleasant to anybody was like having a tooth drawn from him. " Yes, yes," he said, " it's all very interesting, very romantic, and very soft, and all that sort of thing, I dare say. I hope you will find your Paradise all your fancy has painted it. But when I recollect the history of the original Paradise, how pleasant it was when the man had possession of it alone, and what happened after he took a partner, a sleeping partner-a woman- into the concern, I own I have not much faith in establishments of the kind. And then, there's that sister of hers,; there is a mystery there, at all events, which it would be just as well to have cleared up. Perhaps they don't mind family mysteries in Australia, but society in England is made of very different stuff, and has a prejudice against everything that is not clear and above board." "Well," replied Mr. Holton, "that isn't precisely my experience of English society, Nick ; on the contrary, there are a good many mysteries, some of them affecting the highest in society. Some of them are not more than a mystery in name, and are, to say the least of it, very queer." "Ah, perhaps so," retorted Mr. Crabb, "but then they are old established mysteries, and if not quite reputable, have acquired a kind of qualification of veneration by reason of their age, which again gives them a kind of respectability. But again reverting to this mysterious sister of your wife's. Believe me, as soon as it becomes known that there is a story to tell-as it will inevitably become known-you may rely upon it that there will be no lack of reconters. They won't be particular as to facts. But you may depend upon the spice and the consequent high flavour." " Be assured, Nick, that there is no story that any good and pure woman need be ashamed of-that either 1 or my wife need fear to have published to the world, if the world, chooses to interest itself in what really doesn't concern it, and which, after all, can be of so little importance." " You are mistaken, Sam," said Mr. Crabb, "altogether mistaken. It will afford the world food for talk, and as the world appears to be always hungry, and likes its food highly spiced, you will Bee that a mystery connected with any respectable family-affording a possible opportunity for worrying and causing that family a good deal of unhappi- . ness, is too good a thing to be missed ; consequently, it concerns the world very much." " I see you are incorrigible, Kick, and as I cannot hope to convert you to a better frame of mind, I will leave you for the present. We are going down to Northumberland, by-the-way, next week. I hope you will be able to join us at Hereward. We shall stay for a month or two before going to Germany." Mr. Crabb, after one or two growls, accepted the invita- tion, and promised to run down to his friend's northern house in the course of a week or two. The two old friends then parted. Mr. Holton proceeded homewards to dinner. Mr. Crabb sat down in his easy chair to ponder over the f mystery he thought he had discovered in connection with his friend's wife, and to elucidate the one which his friend had admitted to exist in respect to Mrs. Holton's sister. 