THE- ELECTIONS. Mr. Garrett's Meeting. Mn. Gakhf.tt delivered a political address at tho school of arts, Bowrnl, on Monday night last. Not withstanding the inclement weather there was a large gatliei'ing present, and Mr. Garrett was favoured with a most patient hearing, and received much encour agement and applause. Mr, J. G. Morris occupied the chair, and in a few introductory remarks stated that it did not necessarily follow that because he occupied1 the chair for tho- evening lie was to support Mr; Garrett. 'As a matter o£ fact, however, he thoroughly believed that Mr. Garrett was one of the men we wanted.. Mr. Garrett was an able politician, and lie came here with a good connection. We would expect to hear a good deal from him, and he hoped' we would' not be disappointed. He asked a patient hearing for the speaker,and had mirchploas ure in introducing Mr. Garrett. (Applause.) Mr. Garrett said it was quite true that on this occasion above any other a' free exposition of the state of political matters should be given. That ho was fully prepared to do. It was the duty of a rep resentative to- fully explain his action in parliament even on an ordinary occasioa; but at present there wore circumstances more than ordinary which re quired it. Parliamentary affairs had:got into such a fog and muddle that it was impossible to fully ex plain- them. The most important question now, was " who shall govern the countvy?" The state of the government now was such- as-never before ex: isted' since the constitution of responsible govern ment.- Like Topsy, the present governmeut did not know it's own father, Mr, Dibbs had about as much right, constitutionally, to- govern the- country as any of the government clerks had. Sir Alexander Stuart had eloped, and Mr. Dibbs was acting under no legitimate authority. It was quite ime that we had a live body of representatives, not one that came into power at the word " presto-" There was a man in the present government that had never been in parliament—he referred to Mr; Want-. The present government had made them selves tlie grand jury of the country without tho stamp of any public support. The first duty you as a people had now to discharge would be to help sweep away the usurpation of power onw occupying seats in the present government. It was of para mount impo tancc to inquire into the pesonality and political antecedents of parliamentary candida tes, and it was with this sentiment that he came forward'. Land Laws' : At last election there was before the country Lite question of tire Reform of the Land Laws. It was considered that the Land act of 1861 required amending, because of squatters not being required to pay enough for tho large tracts of country which they held. The squatters were only paying £280,000 for sqiiattingareas, while they were worth from one to two millions. Mr. Stuart contended that they should pay a million and a half, a year for the use of their lands. The Stuart government took 12 months to consider a new land bill, and it then took the Houso 13 months to deal with it. Tho >Stuart Government did not bring about the 1A mil lion rental bcc.iuso tho squatters ot tlic _ House wouldn't let thorn—thoy upset it. They sni-1 give us fixity of tenure, anil we'll give you 21 millions. Accordingly it was propascd to grant la.iso.4 for 15 vc.v.s in some parts of the colony and 20 yoirs in others, for which they were to pay yd. and 2 1. per jic.'e r,\Sjiccfivol\\\ IV.it then the squalid* brought pressure to =lnw that with those figures the Hill would not pa=3, mill the Stuart government,, to retain olliee, gavu way. Kventually the renin were iixe.l at li.l, mi l Id., an I now the vent (roiu the squatters tin ler the minimmi rentals, instead of being one and a half million would not amount to half a million sterling. In the division ot the runs there was nothing to prevent squatters dummying the resumed areas ; and as a matter of fact,there '.van just as much dniny ing nowas ever there was beforo. But there was no use in thrashing a ghost; the government that had dona this thins was doad. An Act of parliament has given sotiatters power to hold their runs for the next 20 years, and therefore to ropeal the bill would bo no uso. In carrying out these enormous job3 and roh'ocrics the rights of tho pcoplo had boon trampled .tpon. The land ought to pay all the expenses of the government of tlio country ; hut the Stuart govcrti are ono million short. The new act did not pre vent the abrogation of large estates, which would prove a harrier to settlement in tlio conntr.v. A squatter was now enabled to hold 40,000 acres. Under the bill lie (Mr. Uarrolt) maintained that (510 acrcs were insufficient, and that a selector should bo allowed 2500 acres. The fenoing clause, which enforced the fenoing in of the area taken up within two years practically abolished small settlement, as no' sane man with only a few pounds would at tempt to comply with the conditions, because fencing was tho only improvement allowed for. The selector himself .should bo allowod to decide what improvements ho would put on, and fcnciug is tho last thing ho would do. There is country in tho ■\Vingecarriboo district, for instance wliero a line for foncing couldn't be cleared for anything like tho cost of the fence, and it was absurd to tell a man to do it. The great blot in tho present land aot was the practical abolishment of free selection before survey. From 12 months to three yoars would elapso now before a man got possession of tho land ho applied for; not a single man who applied on 6th of August last is yet in possession of tho land lie applied for, for he can't claim it until the. Board gives him his certificate, but when he inaltos his ap plication ho must pay his 2s. per acre. Ono thou sand men who came from other countries to select went back disgusted—men said it was bettor to go to Victoria, Queensland, or any where rather than New South Wales. The so-called settlement of tho land question was no settlement, and the whole question would have to be re- considered. A deficit of ono million lias to be made up; and the small deposits and small mininum rental wouldn't pay the expenses of the land offices. Tho increased salaries of judges, high officers, and the crude civil sorvice had inoreased the expenditure by £100,000 a year, ami thore.was no altering those salaries now because thoy weve fixed by statute. It oould only bo met by . rotronclimont or. by taxation. Ho (Mr. Garrett) was: in favour of taxation of real estate, but at pre sent- property paid only through the Stamp Act, and the poorer a man was tho heavier he had to pay. For instance, Mr. Berry, in thcShoaUiavcn dis trict hold 100,000 acres of land,and on it there wore 700 tenants, all of whom had largo families—it was a fact that the pooror a man was the larger Ins family was j and each one of these 700 tenants, paid more to tho State than Mr. Berry did, becauso thoy wore taxed for their tea, sugar, oandles, &o.; That couldn't be right, and that ono instanco illustrated all. Protection : Ho (Mr. Garrett) was a thorough freo trader; we wanted no protection, more than that eaoh man should bo protected in his right to sell liis labour and his liberty to whomsoever ho pleased. ■ Local Self Government: Several governments had attempted to pass a Iiucal Self-government bill. It was a good tiling,and it was ossentinl that wo should have it ; but the measure by which it would be given would require very groat consideration in all its. details. ■ lie would giro such a bill his very best attention. Local option : He was in favour of it in tin's way; that, every adult female should bo given the right to have hor say tipon it—it could well and easily be doiifi. But if they annihilated business that had been established by hv'w they should give compensation. Twenty or thirty years ago, tanneries wero shut up in Sydney, ami compensation was allowed. It should be tho sumo with any other business. The Contingent; All wo had to do now was to pay the "shot," but for all that, ho heartily approved of it. Thirty yoars ago we had given la us the whole of the laiids of the colonies, as well as all the fruits of the improvements which had been created by. imperial funds. The Soudan .expedition cost us nothing as compared with what we had 're ceived. :• ' • Payment of .Members He was in - favour of it. To make it practical and feasible to select whom soeverwo choso as a parlimontary representative, it was necessary that wo should pay for the services wo received. . • Public Instruction : Ho was in favour of the pre sent ..Act, but believed it should go further being compulsory, it ought to be free. Local mattersr He might say that_he liad been 1-1 years - a member of this district; that lie had been clectcd six times, and that ho had never once failed to attend to- anything that) lmtl boen given him to do. Concerning tho local railway, the proposed Bowral-Itobortson lino, ho considered that it was for the benefit of the back districts. He in troduced three deputations concerning it, and each one expressed satisfaction with any line that would bo given—whether from Bowral or from Moss "Vale. It was agreed that tho matter should be left with the government. He regretted that he wasn't pre sent tho night it came on for debate. He was ab sent through accidont, haying no idea that it was to corao on the night it did. By a system of log-rolling tlio government had voted £1(1,000,000, beforo tho Bowral lino came on for consideration, and when it did come on it was rolled off. Ho bolieved if he had been there it would not have been rolled off. _ He wQuld not pledge himself to any particular lino. In conclusion he (Mr. Garrett) would remind tliem that ho had boon 25 years continuously a member of parliament, during that time lie had represented only three different constituencies ; and he had nevor been defeated, and if he wero defeated this time he did not know wliethor lie would again offer himself. He would ask them to compare him with his competitors, and if they considered him superior to them it was their duty to elect liiin. His 25 years' parlia mentary career was some proof of his capacity ; and along with that ho had been, in all, five years chairman of committees, and was a Minis ter for Lands on two occasions. He was no mushroom politician, but was a good sturdy po litical tree, and any little faults which he might have would, ho hoped, be overlooked for the^sake of the little good ho was able to do. It would be necessary to pull the country out of the slough of despond into which- it luid sunk ; and in an endeavour to do it, he would follow that ablest of politicians, Sir JohnRobertson(Louda,pplause.) He would sooner be a bugler in an army led by Sir John llobortson than a second officer in- the present Ministry. He' would remind them that they had to choose two representatives ; and he hoped they would each, vote for two of the candidates. A vote of confidence in Mr. Garrett, moved by Mr; Grove and seconded by Mr. Chalker, was carried unanimously amid loud acclamation. In conveying the vote of confidence- to- Mr. Garrett, the chairman, Mr Morris,took occasion to refer to urgent local wants—the railway station building, the lockup, and tho. post and telegraph office ; and, in thanking the audience, Mr. Garrett promised, if elected, to fight vigor ously for the works the chairman had referred to. He had done so in tlio past and would do so again. A vote of thanks to the chairman, proposed by Mr. Garrett, terminated the meet ing. 