JAMES DAPTOP FATE. By DORA. RUSSELL, Author of "The Vicar's Governess," "Foot prints in the Snow," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author All rights reserved.] Chapter II.—(Continued.) Alice sighed wearily. Oh! how wearily. But she had a sweet, unselfish nature, and so she told Siddell she would go to_ Sir James. And when she saw the old man sitting in his hopeless misery she went up and kissed his pallid cheek, " My father," she said, and put her hand in his. It was the first time she had called him by this name, the liist time she had kissed him, and the old man's bowed head fell on her shoulder. j " My dear! my dear !" he sobbed. . " I will be your daughter. I will never leave you," said Alice tenderly. " I will try to comfort you." " James may return still," said Sir James in broken voice. "My dear, we must hope still; will you telegraph to Arthur and tell him to get London detectives? Tell him to summons Mr. Andrews, my lawyer, from town. Let nothing be left undone; if be is alive we must find him," " I will telegraph at once," said Alice gently, and she did so and sent Siddell away with her telegrams, and then returned to Sir James and took his hand again in her own. ! But she did not tell him the story of the por trait of the unknown woman that Arthur had written to her. Why should she tell him ? she asked herself ; why add to his pain ? She must bear this wound alone—the bitterest of all — | that he whom she had loved so truly_ was lured to his death by a stranger's fair face and words. And while the two who had loved James Daunton best sat thus together, both silently thinking of him, the room door suddenly opened, and a lady in biack entered un announced. This was Mrs. Arthur Daunton, the widow of the late rector, and the mother of Arthur and Hugh Daunton, Sir James's nephews. She was a stout woman, and she rushed effusively up to Sir James, and seized his hand. " Oh, my poor dear James," she said, this is sad news. I only heard it a hour ago, or I would have been down before. I heard it from Arthur; he says nothing can be heard of poor Jim She spoke very quickly, but she did not look by any means depressed at her nephew's disappearance. Her once pretty face, in deed, beamed, in spite of herself, for this broad disorderly-looking woman had once been pretty, and the poor rector had married her for her beauty, and made a very serious mistake. "And you, my poor girl, too," she con tinued, before Sir James had time to answer her, now turning to Alice Butler. "How dreadful for you! Such anxiety, such un cer tainty, and when you are engaged to hiin!" To the proud well-bred Dauntons " Mr3. Arthur," as she was called, for years had been a subject of inexpressible annoyance. At one time Sir James would scarcely receive her civilly at the court, but his wife's death and his own ill-health had 'changed his heart, and made him regard the things of this world in a different light to when he was a younger and stronger man. So for his brother's sake and his nephews he tried to bear with his sister in law. But she was in truth almost unendurable to him. She was so careless about her appear ance, so hasty in temper, so encroaching and presuming that to a refined man like Sir James her presence was a torture. She was also very avaricious, and was troubled with 110 fine scruples about asking for anything she wanted. " Arthur says it is supposed he was robbed and " Mrs. Daunton said next; but before she could proceed further with her speech Alice Butler stopped her with an impressive gesture. "Do not talk of it at present, Mrs. Daun ton," she said ; " we know nothing yet, and— and it is very trying to Sir James." " Of course, poor man," replied Mrs. Daun ton, shaking her head, and looking with her little brown eyes at Sir James's pale, quivering face; "he must feel it; I am sure I feel it— oh! indeed, it's very sad." Of what was she really thinking ? She was thinking " he won't last long, poor man, I can see that; and now that Jim is out of my Arthur's way everything will be all right." And again her once comely face beamed in spite of herself. The poor broken-hearted father's loss was her gain. If James Daunton were dead her eldest son, Arthur Daunton, was the direct heir to the title and estates. And in her narrow heart was one strong instinct—she loved her son with a passionate unreasoning love. She was jealous of his affection; she had hated Alice Butler because she believed Arthur loved her; she had hated Jame3 Daunton be cause he had stood in her Arthur's »vay. But she did not tell any one this. She would have kissed both Sir James and Alice when she went away if they would have kissed her. As it was she pressed their hands and called them "dears" and "darlings," and was just taking her departure when another telegram arrived from Arthur Daunton, and she insisted on staying to learn its contents. They were as follows:— " The sea has at last cast up a relic of poor James; a handkerchief marked with hi3 name was washed ashore this morning." Chapter III.—A Message prom the Sea. And there was no doubt that the frail square of linen which the sea had given up from its wild keeping had once belonged to Jame3 Daunton. It had drifted ashore entangled in some seaweed, and was found in the early morning by a boatman lying on the sand. Arthur Daunton had offered a large reward for the discovery of anything or any informa tion connected with the disappearance of his lost cousin, and the boatman therefore at once took the wet handkerchief to the castle. The name was quite distinct, and it was easily identified as having really been James Daun ton's property, for it was one of a set, the rest of which were among his wardrobe. It was supposed to tell a melancholy tale. It had been washed by the waves from the dead man's pocket, it was thought, and few doubted now what had been the fate of James Daunton. H6 had been robbed and murdered, it was said, and his body thrown into the sea. But if this were so the waves never brought him back. " The hollow - sounding and mysterious main" kept the secret, and the woman who should have been his wife, and the father who had idolised him, had not the poor comfort of standing by his grave. At the court the news fell as a crushing blow on Sir James, utterly breaking down the ill assumed hopefulness with which he had tried to buoy up Alice Butler's heart and his own. For hours after Arthur Daunton's telegram arrived he was in a fainting condition, and Mrs. Daunton refused to leave him, and kept watch ing his feeble breath with greedy eyes. But as he recovered he waved her away. " Tell her to go," he said in his weak falter ing voice to Alice, and Alice did tell her. " But, my dear, his own sister-in-law," re monstrated Mrs. Daunton, "surely I'm the person to be with him, not a young girl like you—no relation too." "He wishes me to be with him," answered Alice, and Sir James held out his trembling hands towards her as she spoke. "Do let me stay with you, dear James," urged Mrs. Daunton, but Sir James would not look at her, and made no answer. " You had better go," said Alice, "you only disturb him ;" and at last Mrs. Daunton went, vowing vengeance in her heart against Alice Butler. But Alice never even noticed that she was angry. She scarcely saw her—she was think ing of the lonely coast and the silent witness that the seawash had carried to the shore. What was the stout red-faced woman who bounced out of the room to her, a tender hearted loving girl, who had lost in one blow all that made life sweet or pleasant to her ? But Mrs. Daunton went home to the rec tory, and wrote in very angry fashion to her son Arthur at Tynmouth about "that Alice Butler." _ "She looks like a ghost," she in formed him, " and though she must know your poor cousin Jim is dead, yet she gives herself airs, and takes possession of your uncle, ex actly as if she were his daughter. It is too absurd! He, poor man, is evidently dying; and then my Arthur, with a proud and happy heart, I shall see you master at the court." _ Arthur Daunton rewarded his mother's affec tion and good wishes by flinging this letter on the floor with a curse after he had read it. He gave no love to his mother. She was almost* as antagonistical to him as she was to Sir James. Her appearance, her affected warmth of heart, and her ill-concealed calculating sel fishness alike made him wince. Yet after awhile he lifted up her letter and re-read her words—"Master at the court." This phrase meant so much to an ambitious determined man. He had always meant to rise in the world, this Arthur Daunton, but how different and much easier would be the ascent now when the bright young cousin who had stood in his way had so mysteriously dis appeared. And Alice Butler? A cynical smile stole round Arthur's lips as he thought of this pure beautiful girl, who had fascinated him in spite of himself, and certainly from no wish of her owd. Alice Butler had always been cold and gentle to him, and treated him as her lover's cousin and nothing more. "But now," thought Arthur Daunton bitterly, "now, when I am the heir as James was, what will she say to me now?" He shrugged his shoulders, and then went out to walk along the shore, still thinking of Alice Butler. He stood looking at the waves with a gloomy face, wondering _ why he loved a woman who was so indifferent to him. For other women had loved him warmly, passionately, for the sake perhaps of his beautiful face, and had told hiin that lame and limping as he was, he was more to them than all others. Yet for Alice Butler's sake he would give up this deep love, and break ties that his honour bound him to be true to. Were other men as mad ? he kept thinking. Was such overpower ing passion common? For a few brief years of happiness—of happiness doubtful at the best, and when the woman loved you not—were there many who would give up so much? (To be continued.) 