CHAPTER .IK.— EELIX.' ? -Litue -May mourne vas born in Italy. She made her humble entry into life amidst the sunshine «f aRotnaniummer. Her father had been a bainter. vouneer brother of Martha and Felix, one of/mose who give up home, country and friends tofbllow Art whither she may lead diem. She $ad led him into care and difficulty had given him hard tasks to do, and bitter bread to eat. 'He had had too much love, and too little power, and disappointment had broken his heart in die end. May's mother had been a beautiful Roman girl, who had not lived long after die death of her husband. Litde May had disported herself in an Italian vineyard until she was five years old. Then die friends of her mother, who were poor people, had yielded to die yearning of Miss Martha, and allowed her .to come to Rome and take die child Away witbnber» Miss Martha had left her home in the. ruins, her fireside among .the' tombs, had left old Nanny taking care of Father Felix, and had journeyed to Rome, and Returned in triumph with the child. And so die girl, widi her soft dark eyes and picturesque ways, had become a part of this curious household. It was like engrafting a crimson rose on a wild thorn, to bring litde May to Monasterlea. Miss Martha brought home various other treasures besides die one whose tiny hand was squeezed in hers. She brought a quaint silver lamp, and a picture painted by May's lather, both for the little chapel which she had made for Father Felix. For she had roofed in a space off one of the cloisters, and set up an altar, and ornamented the walls. It might have been formerly a chapter-room, or a refectory, or a scriptorium. Now . it was a chapel, which May could dress with flowers, and where Felix could pray die day long if he pleased. Ay, and the night long too. Miss Martha had not counted upon this when out of sympathy she humoured him so far. But he would leave his bed, which' she3iarl?.*£pfe£il so soft, and would pass whole nights iupoTi tbe stones; ;_ X\\) .' '. ' ?'':. '???0^ No wonder thai such dungs should be talked about in the country. Father Felix had been received with mudi welcome by the people. They loved him as a Franciscan friar ; for these friars have always been friends of ihe Irish poor. They loved him, also, for his simple face and gentle sympathetic ways. Now, added to this was die fame of his sanctity, which went forth in whispers among the hills. It was said he could restore the sick by the great strength and faith of his prayers. The poor had no other docter, and they ran to -bring dieir sicTc to him. He prayed beside diem ; long wrestling prayers, which left-hira utterly exhausted. The sick went away declaring themselves healed, and the old man was carried fainting to his bed. So he was looked upon as the saint ofvthe country. His fastings, and vigils, and 'com- munions widi Heaven were talked of at mountain firesides. If people caught a glimpse of his white head moving among die ruined walls, up and down between the rose hedges, they went forward on their journey with a lighter heart. The simple mountain world was tbe gladder and brighter On account of his coming. Father Felix had become a part of the poetry of the district. Monasterlea was a very strange home for a child. The stories of the ghosts diat walked abroad from twillight in the evening till sunrise in the morning, would have made any ordinary mortal feel- uncomfortable. But the inhabit ants of this house were not like other people. Miss Martha had no objection to ghosts. They did not harm her, and she was such a hospitable soul, that she was glad to give a shelter to any dnng, natural or supernatural, that. chose to seek a harbour -under her roof. She'rather liked to think, as she lay in her bedt. that her snug fireside, wherethe warm red ashes glowed all the night through, iras a comfort- and. a refuge for wandering spirits, who, before slie lit her hearth upon the spot, must have had fa chill, damp time of it during dieir inevitable vigils. : ,.'* J Then there was old Nanny, to whom ghosfs were a delight. She knew more of them {ban she would Gke to tell. It was not given to many to see .and hear the things which she had seen and heard. She could give form and significance to every shadow on the .wall, and could interpret every, murmur of the wind. She -knew what went on when other folks were asleep. She knew, but she dared not tell. If she did not keep her counsel they would drag her from her bed, and carry her throngfa the mountains. She should be dashed against every lock, and 'dipped in every stream' that she passed overand whilst being whirled through the air the whole of the long- night.' So, though the ghots might come trooping down the cloisters in the darkness, raising then voices, and making a tempest in tbe comers, though »4h£fo»mjght meej-&er; face to face in the passage/ dash the .things about the kitchen and bend over- her and talk to her in her bed, yet all of this and more she dared not And there was light- hearted' Bridget, who was die young housemaiden. This lass of die mountains was so laughter-loving that she could afford -even to laugh .at -the ghosts of Monasterlea. Her polished red cheeks would dimple, and her black eyes glitter, to hear die very mention of their fearful freaks. It was her delight to come rushing into die kitchen of a dark evrning, panting and laughing, and declaring that die great stone angel had risen up and kissed her, or diat a terrible apparation bad accosted her in the cloisters and invited her out fora walk. Yet in spite of all the strange influences of the place, die litde flower from Italy grew hardily- and freshly in -die moorland soil. : It was a-carious occurrence which first drew little May towards her visionary uncle. . / The child had feared him. His looks struck her with awe. She shrank from him, and dreaded to pass the door of. his room. Never theless, she fretted about him. She. wakened in die night and wept to think of him postrate on die cold flags on the chapel floor. She mourned to see~him touch no food. She hid litde cakes in -his pocket, hoping diat he might find diem an'a eat diem. ? W\i: One night at last she got npjn her sleep and made her WJJjthrough tne ]ong dark cloister of the chapel. There was no light within but die glimmer of ihe sanctuary lamp. The old man believed dial he saw a white-robed angel approaching to comfort and bear him company. His cry of surprise awakened die child, who, looking wiiftly around her, shuddered a few moments, an|f dien fled to him, clinging around his neck in Jfter fear. The old^riar soothed her kindly. Absent minded asi'Jie was, he could not bat gadier from her sobbing account diat anxiety and sympathy fqlt him bad caused her to wander in her sleep, tie carried her in his aims to her chamber dgjjf. . Next morning she flew to meet him with -japiles : and die blooming litde maiden and-^pe aged ascetic became die fastest of simple-bjgrted friends. And dtusfiut of its many odd elements Miss Martha's hpifbehold contrived to make a cheer ful and haf^tonious whole ' ''As for her, she had her farnito attend to ; and her house and her servanik besides her two children, Felix and May. /She was a very happy woman, who felt heflself a power for the T protection of die weak'. - She hid known what it is to lead a lonely life r|)ut ' now she was in right good (ToivCentimtat,) 1 