V.A.T.C. ENTRIES. [By Telegraph] Melbourne, December 1 The following are the entries for the V.A.T.C. Boxing Day meeting:— SELLING RACE —Achmet, Reprise, Allender, Straight Shot, Pot Boulli, Dirk Hatteraick, Pan, Dunlop, Scaramouch, Bishop, Beikely, Ospnunonte. First Pop, Violet, Delamia, Edmond, Herman, Bourkenan, Agatha, Media, Dictator, Hopetowa, Problem. Hcrdlb Bags—Agitation, Oaadier, Boyal staid, Deringa, Ecazte. Ocolist, Aganthocne, VanderbUt, Grattan, Waveriey, General Jackson, Distiller, Waiter, Sensation, Vuloan, Falcon, Pyrness. The Scmmbk. Cup.—St. John, The Agent, Merrimu, Claptrap, Gasalier, Maydew, Ringmaster, First Prince, Britisher, Camerine. All Gold, Baron, Neckar, E D., Grace Darling, the Ghost, Selkirk, Anchorite, Velocipede, TJneaa, tesbia. Chatterer, Lord Wilton. Hilltop, Bend Or, Middlemarch, Htppognff, Bohemian, Plausible, Merman, Bemua, Harie Louise, Black Diamond, Duration, Acolyte, St. Lawrence, Seahorse. Malvebk Handicap.—Jocnl&r;, Ironmaster, Honora, Ocisk, Koyal Maid, Umbra, Mayden, Erie, Sangnon, All Gold, Baron Decker, Buttress, K.D., Oasonrner, AUender, The Ghost, Nuncio, Anchorite, Coronet, Dirk Hatteraiek, Dunlop, Straight Shot, Land League, Eorowa, St. O'Dille, Lando. Chanter. First Light, Bonnie Doon, Lord wnton, Cadlaad, Gardenia, Lantern, Giatitade, Bis Bis. Berkelr, Albanu*, Unseat, Middle march, Hippogrrff, Bohemian, Solo, Wildiake, Lepo rello. Sorcerer, F.F., Marie Louise, Joanna, Mepiar, Agatha, Uncas Second, Iralee, Antigone, Seahorse. Steeplechase. — Euchre, Starfish, Phenomenon, Banker, The Trifltiin"T\\*^? r""^h,StaHr f!hi?ii? f^^ymH Bob Cooper, Mavounieen, Stadley, Mernder, Binlette, Progress, Native, Morren, Lady Ashton, Naming, Governor, Gippslander. The monthly meeting of the Royal Society was held at the Public Library on Tuesday evening, December 1, Mr. H. G. Mais, Engi neer-in-Chief, presiding. Dr. J. T. a?*?*"!*!l was elected a fellow of the society. Several specimens of natural history were exhibited. Two faorns of the Koodoo antelope (Strepsicetos Kudu) were shown by the taxidermist of the museum, Mr. Beasley. These magnificent specimens were each 4 feet 8 inches in length, slightly curved, and ten pounds weight. The Koodoo antelope is & native of South Africa. A paper on " British Standards of Weights and Measures " was read by Mr. S. B. Lucas, who dealt exhaustively with the standards of the Board of Trade) now located in the Standards' office at the Old Palace Yard. Westminster. The paper was of a technical character and weU executed; cobred diagrams were used in illustration of the subject. After referring to the great impor tance of thorough accuracy being obtained in the standards, the speaker instanoed the fact that the Board of Trade settled the limit of error allowed in the standard yard line measure as not to exceed ?003 of an inch, or one twelve thoo?andththewholelength vmchcorresponded to a range of temperature ol 10 degrees Fahr. The accuracy of the British standard! ensured accuracy in other countries, aid it was the duly of Governments to become orators of measures and standards just as it wss to legislate for The British Government fixed the present standards in Che year 1B6T; and the writer described the Imperial Weights and Measures Act of 1378, and the Frenchand other systems. Heeaid it was gratifying to know that the immense number of wagiita and measures reduced to a rational and numerical system. The paper also contained descriptions of the n.etbods and most delioat* scientific instru ments employed in measuring and verifying the standards. The subject on the whole was one the importance of which could not be over estimated. A Standard! Act had just been passed in South Australia which would come into me next year. The reading of the paper was received with applause, and the Chaihian thanked Mr. Lucas on behalf of the aocuty for the amount of information to bad affordid them. A short diecu??OD ensued, in which Mr. D. B. Adam bob, referring to a standard musical pitch, said it bad gradually becone higher,owing to <be tuning-forks varying -from the original pitch of Handel's,, which favd beoome sharp as ttw tone of the metal obanssd with ago. 