THE S O U DAS. At this particular lime when public excite ment runs so high over the campaign now being carried on in the Soudan territory, a few particulars concerning this—to many people—unknown country and England's relations therewith cannot but be o. deep interest. We have, therefore, much pleasure in reprinting the following article from the pen of Sir Samuel Baker, a well-known authority 011 the subject written about. 1* rom it the reader may learn all that will enable him to understand clearly tlie position of affairs in Africa, and what is more he may obtain a clear insight into the policy that has led up to the late disaster at Khartoum. The article was published last October, and the worst forebodings it contains have so far been but too sadly realised. We shall now let the author speak for himself. He writes:— The " Soudan" is a name that conveys no idea of defined frontier, or of civilised terri tory ; it is a vague term signifying "a country of blacks." .which might include any portion of Africa from the Red Sea to the Atlantic. To, the Egyptian understanding the Soudan commences at Assouan, and thenco continues to the Equator; while from oast to west it is bounded by the ocean or the sea. An area of such enormous extent must ex hibit importaut variations, both in soils, climate, anfpfmina, in addition to examples of tho human race. The Egyptian Soudan is intersected from south to north by tho •river Nile, which divides the Nubian from the Libyan desert of the West. With tho exception of the Delta, one vast stretcli of sandy waste, interspersed with rocks and mountains, extends in a direct line for fif teen degrees of latitude, through which the Nile silently winds in a never-failing stream, without a tributary to increase its volume, which diminishes in its passage north by tho exhaustion of intense evaporation and the absorption of burning sands. This inhospitable region is inhabited by various races of obscure origin. There are numerous tribes of Arabs speaking Arabic, which no doubt were successful invaders from Arabia. There are other tribes which speak a distinct language, although the type is Arab, e.g. the lladendowa, and the inhabitants of Dongola ; those would claim a more remote decont from races which might have been aboriginal; but in the absence of written history the ethnologist may vainly attempt to solve the mystery of hidden ages, and must be content with the illustrations upon the temple walls of four thousand years ago, which depict the Arab tribes of that distant date precisely as they appear at the present day, even to the fashion of their hair. Although the vast extent of deserts would denote an absolute waste of the earth's sur face as .unsuitable for human habitation, nature has adapted the requirements of the Arabs and their animals for the wilderness of their occupation. There are at distant intervals oases of rough pasturage where coarse grasses and thorny bushes supply a sufficient nourishment for goats and camels. Among those solitudes the Arabs rear their flockB and drink from the wells which watered their ancestors five thousand years ago. Tho hard slabs of basalt which frame: the mouths of those deep wells nre scored1 , to many inches depth around their margin by the friction of Arab ropes which have drawn water from the same springs sincc' the (lays when the shepherd kings repre sented the authority of Egypt. The most ancient history of Egypt re callsthe chronic struggle between that couivtVy* of advanced civilisation and tlie barbarous tribes of the srrrounding desert, which, like the wolves and hyaenas of the arid mountains, made constant raids upon the valley ,of the Nile. It was the natural consequence of immediate contact between sterility and fertility; wherever the Nile wator irrigates the dosert, a green margin marks the limit of production, beyond which all is wilderness. Hunger and thirst are there confronted with a land of plenty—that land being a temptation which has ever in duced pillage and invasion. It therefore becn'me necessary to defend the long line of vegetation which fringes the channel of the Nile ; to.effect this defence offensive action was important, and as the barbarians , were driven from the Nilo valley, the stronger powier: remained master of the barren ground. From time immemorial anarchy existed throughout the deserts of Nubia and of Libj'ia ; although the Egyptians, under the leadership of Moses, drove back the Ethio pians out of Egypt and stormed their capital (Sobri) on the banks of the Blue Nile -{vide Josephus] ; and again the Persians followed the active enemy across their waterless deserts with fatal precipitation, no power cotrid actually subdue the various races of the Soudan until the reign of Mchemot Ali Pacha, great-grandfather of the present Khedive, his Highness Mahommed Tewfik. That great ruler of Egypt determined to suppress the chronic anarchy of the Soudan . which had hitherto existed as a standing menace upon Egyptian frontiers, and to in sure tranquility by the establishment of a permanent government throughout those vast deserts which were the area of con tinual strife between opposing sheiks. About sixty-four years ago the first expe dition started from Egypt for the conquest of the unknown Soudan. Many sharp re-: verses and cruel vicissitudes of warfare de layed the progress of the conqueror, but, through slow degrees, with great courage and perseverance, tho Soudan was won, and Khartoum was founded at tho junction of the Blue and White Niles as a strategical point that would command the passage of both rivers. Tho troops employed in these arduous expeditions were composed of Turks, Albanians, with very few Egyptians, and were invariably officered by Turks and Circassians. The chief points of the now provinces had been carefully selected. Khartoum and Senaar dominated the Blue Nile, while Shendy and Berber were the principal stations upon the margin of the main river. Dongola formed an important province to the north, and commanded the desert routes from Kordofan. Cassala, situated upon the river Gash, was a fortified position which held in subjection the wild Arabs of the Hadendowa, Beni Amer, and many others.' • A necessary sequence to territorial con quest"in savage countries is the gradual ex tension that is forced upon the dominant power by events that are unforeseen and be yond control. Continual raids upon the frontier necessitate a resort to forec, the enemy is driven bach, and the victorious paity occupies the recently contested ground. Retreat would be construed as the result of feni'. which would encourage re newed aggression ; therefore the result of victory is annexation, and the frontier thus continues to extend through (lie force of circumstances. In iS6i, during the reign of Said Pacha, Egypt was in the possession of Kordofan, in addition to the Soudan east of the While Nile. In 1S65 the Red Sea Ports of Souakiin and Massawa were trans ferred from the Sultan to his Highness Ismail the Khedive, who thus became ruler of an unbroken line of territory throughout the western border of the' Red Sea to the confines of Abyssinia. Boghos had been annexed, and Gellablit, which had been an Abyssinian town on the extreme frontier, became the limit of Egyptian possessions. In 1869 Ismail, the Khedive, completed his scheme of conquest by the annexation of the entire Nile basin to the Equatorial Lake Albert N'yanza, and thereby embraced the enormous area of thirty degrees of lati tude from the Nile sources to the Mediter ranean. The slave-hunters, having been driven from the Equatorial Provinces,;had taken refuge in Darfour, and it became necessary to crush the power ,ot the^Sultan of (lint hitherto impenetrable country, lest a formidable combination of malcontents from the slave-hunting interests should with the assistance of Darfour threaten tlie security of the Soudan administration. Zebcehr, who had been, the'chief of a vast company of slftve-hunters, was'subsidised^ and em-! ployed by the government to command the forces forthe subjugation pf Darfour; His long experience of' the country," added to the renown of his position enabled him to collect, a'considerable force;' from5 those parties , whose profession of slave-hunters, had conferred a knowledge of rough mili tary tactics that were eminently adapted for savage warfare. Darfour was conquered and became an Egyptian provinco. A study, of the map will exhibit the vast'territorial extent of the Khedive Ismail's dominions, and, had he remained in power, I have no doubt that by degrees several new provinces would have been developed. Unfortunately the financial position of Egypt was in confu^ sion which led to foreign interference and the lamentable complications which necessarily ensued. The rebellion of Arabi, a "colonel in the Egyptian army, destroyed the power of Mahommed Tewfik, the eldest son, who had succeeded, upon the abdication of his father Ismail. England interfered by force of arms to restore tlie authority of the law ful ruler, and after the battle of Tel el Kebir Arabia waB exiled to Ceylon, while his High ness Mahommed Tewfik was re-established upon the throne. ' .1: -1 1 • - • •' In th£ meantime ;a' fanatical-'revolt Had widened into insurrection in the Soudan, under the' guidance of-a holy* personage named, Mahomet. Achmet, who had pre viously been well.known to the authorities; In several conflicts the government forces had beeri ■ destroyedarid Darfour arid,-Kpi1 dofari were entirely lost to Egypt;while the garrisons at the" Capital Obevd and other places were hopelessly invested by the rfebcls.- .. At this critical; period the, rebellion, was. encouraged by the peculiar, altitude which England had assumed in Egypt. She had interfered nominally in defence; of the KHe dive, but;although the programme was riclv in melodramatic power "and philanthropic declarations/there had been; an extraordi nary contradiction in her, afcts which ex hibited a complete absence of any well considered policy. The,,salient facts were lcnown to the whole world j the Khedive Mahommed Tewfik was the! lawful : ruler. Arabi, a colonel in his armyj had(rebelled against him, together. witli powerful - con federates and the entire' army.1 England bombarded and destroyed the forts of Alex andria, but declined to protect the city after she had destroyed all native authority; the result was the pillage and destruction of the town, for which Egypt; has to pay an in demnity of nearly five, millipns' sterling. This was clearly the fault of England. ' The rebel Arabi was taken prisoner with his confederates after Tel el Kebir, and they were tried by the native courts, and should have suffered the extreme penalty of the law, as a warning to others, and in vindication of the authority of the Khedive. ... Instead of this, England interfered, and arranged that a pro forma sentence of death shouldybe passed upon Arabi and others, but that an exile to Ceylon should be. substituted for the extreme penalty. As Ceylon is- con sidered to represent the . Paradise of the East, a banishment to the land of coffee and spices, with a liberal;annual 'allowance ,of j money, was ah extraordinary' punishment for the crime of rebellion.'which'the Egyp-1 tians could not understandi arid which' cer tainly did not increase, their respects for; the/ authority of the Khedive, with whose pre-, -rogative England had directly. arid bluntly' interfered. England at the " same time' de clared that her troops would be almost im-, mediately withdrawn from Egypt, arid: that' she had no concern or responsibility for the Soudan ; but she concocted a reformed ad ministration for Egypt which the Egyptians neither wanted nor understood. Every act on the part of England tended to destroy the authority of the Khedive, which she had interfered to re-establish, and her integrity was more than doubted by every class of the Egyptians, who witnessed the miserable position of their ruler shorn of all power, and obliged to. act according to. the dictation of British officers. It was ridiculous to expect that under such conditions the jjower of the Khedive would be restored ; at the same time that we vaunted our intention of re-establishing liis authority wo fettered every action when ho wished to movo, and wc determined that no fc reign material should be enlisted in his army. The Khedive was obliged to submit .to tho humiliation of absolute control; although ho was himself aware that no de pendence co*kl. bo placed upon Egyptian troops, he was prohibited from the enlist ment of Albanians, who would have formed a reliable force in an emergency, and his army was officered by Englishmen entirely independent of his option. At that lime a British force of Sooo men in addition to the Egyptian army of 6000 were idle in Lower Egypt, while a dangerous insurrection was spreading in tho Soudan. It is scarcely credible that tho English Government de termined upon inaction and still adhered to j their extraordinary policy of non-interven tion beyond Egypt proper—thus directly I encouraging the Soudanese to rebellion. I Nine thousand Egyptian troops had been | destroyed in various conflicts with the rebel.?, and a total loss of confidence on the pari of the soldiers necessitated th'o employment of British officers in command. General llicks together with several English and German officers of tried ability were engaged by the Khedive to reorganise the forces in the Son dan ; they left Cairo with reinforcements of about 1000 men, the same that had run <i\\\a) from Lord Wolscley' attack at Tel el Kebira few months' before. The Egyptians in this arrangement were perplexed by the anomaly that, although England declared herself free from all responsibility in the Soudan, she nevertheless permitted British officers to command the Khedive's forces against the rebels; at the same time that she sanc tioned'tlic employment of officers, fshe re fused the employment of men 1 The real fact was concealed ; this was the crass ignorance of our authorities in all that pertained to the Soudan ; they neither un derstood the country and its inhabitants, nor the danger or degree of the insurrec tion. England merely sought to shirk re sponsibility instead of manfully seizing the helm and boldly navigating tlie vessel through the storm. There could not be a more convincing proof of this ignorance upon the part of our authorities, than tho determination of with drawing all British forces before the result of General Hicks'.expedition liad been made known. Tho orders had actually been given for the retirement of the British army from;Egypt, and Sir Evelyn Wood had expressed )iis confidence in the sufficiency of tW Egyptian troops to insure security, when suddenly tho terrible news arrived "that General Hicks was massacred, to gether with his force of 10,000 men in the deserts of Kordofan." r Panic and consternation usurped . the place of ignorant " false confidence., Jf the Khedive arid his ministers liad been unfet tered, tliey would have immediately re cruitod an army of Turks and Albanians- to march;difect uponrKhartoum, and thereby 'crush the insurrection ; instead of this, the British Government, which had declared it self determined to hold aloof from the affairs of the Soudan, now- exhibited itself in the hour of peril, not as the ally and sup porter of the Khedive, but as obstructor generai f and: most.; positively interfered to prevent; all aid from Egypt proper to the garrisons-'of ^Khartoum and other stations. England who -had arrived in Egypt in the guise of knight-errant to redress the wrongs of an unfortunate Khedive, now bound him hand and foot,'preventing all action, refus ing all support, and determined to re-estab lish his authority by a forcible dismember ment of his empire ! Against the protests of the Kh6dive and his ministry, England j enforced her order'that "the Soudan in.toio, including Khartoum the capital should be' immediately abandoned." ThV Prime Min ister, CherirPacha, and his cabinet resigned j rather than submit to this act of cowardly despotism. . _ , By this rash and. panic-stricken act,' Eng land who had declared herself free from all responsibility for the affairs of Soudan, ' became immediately and1 solely responsible foreverything pertaining to the Soudan. It is vain for guilty and conscience- stricken Ministers] to prevaricate;and protest,iand tb: endeavour to slip through, .sonie, - broken umesh'in the entanglements of tho net around them, the whole world is judge and-jury, and they are universally condemned for a ! policy, of panic and consternation which has entailed misery and. ruin upon thousands; and disgrace arid humiliation upon "all 'Eng lishmen. 'j' 1 Here was a picture of the aid and support of En gland- to reform- th e~ ad mini strati on 0 f Egypt, and.to re-establish the ^authority of .the Khedive I ■; By our- act Alexandria! had been absolutely [destroyed. We had. killed, many thousands Qf 'Egyptians. We had dispersed. an army of mutineers, and: we had created, another armyi!out of thoj same worthless * Material ; this 'army we had. taken out , of the Khedive's own/ hands, and nevertheless we declared that in | six months the British .'troops;,would; be withdrawn, arid the Khedive would be left: to the' protection of 6boo men, who had been against.,him to.-,a man- only, twelve j months before. Then, when the moment 6f extreme danger arrived, we not only, de ! clined.to, aid, but we, prevented the. action of the: Khedive hinis'elf,' and we enforced'! the, abandonment of a Soudan Empire.;1 that Empire which h&d; been won by the Great' Ruler of Egypt, Mehemet Ali. Pacha, j ! The declaration of abandonment spread 1 like wildfire, and drove the loyal Arabs in self-prbservation to the ranks of the insur- 1 gents., The Soudan was in a blaze of insur rection. ! It was impossible for the various garrisons to escape; the announcement that the Soudan was to be forsaken, raised every, arrii against the government authorities. From; the Red Sea ■ to the remote: prd^ vince ofDarfour/ the cowardly policy of England armed every hand and sharpened ev'er)vspear. The unfortunate garrisons were f;closely invested by a pitiless enemy. .Sinkat and Tokar were starving, although within five days of 8000 British troops in Cairo, and 6000 of the Egyptian army under Sir Evelyn Wood. The horses and camels had been con sumed at Sinkat, whore Towfik Bey was bravely holding his position with 600 faith ful troops. They were at the last mouthful, the dogs had been all eaten. Still not a regiment moved to their relief, This was the value of British support to the Khedive. That unfortunate, ruler who would be held responsible by his subjects for all calami tics, now in tho agony of despair -requested Baker Pacha to attempt the relief of Sinkat with 4000 police and ragamuffin blacks kid napped for the service in the streets of Cairo. Upon this forlorn hope Baker Pacha started for Souakim, where every attempt against the enemy had been defeated with terrible loss to the government forces. In the meantime publii. opinion was ex asperated in England. Parliament was about to assemble, and it was necessary that something should bo done to allay the ex citement of the British press. Genoral Gordon, accompanied by Colonel Stewart, was sent post-haste to Khartoum, with in structions to evacuato the country, and to se cure the retreat of Egyptian garrisons. In hot haste those devoted officers, urged their camols across the. Korosko deserts upon this inglorious mission—a mission which, if fulfilled, might bring honour upon their in dividual names, but would assuredly add a stain to the British reputation. It was a policy of abandonment, and of retreat be fore a threatened danger. Baker Pacha's forcos were cut to pieces in an attempt to relieve Tolcnr, 2300 men being slain. Here again was consternation ! followed by con tradiction and spasmodic action. It was impossible to allow tile beleaguered garri sons to perish, livery hour was all-impor tant; the wlie world was yelling execration at the British policy and cowardice. Orders were suddenly issued for a British army to advancc from Cairo and rescue the garrisons of Tokar and Sinkat. General Graham assumed the command of 4000 or 5000 British troops and started for Souakim. This was totally opposed to tlio British declaration that England would by no means interfere in the Soudan, and the Egyptians naturally concluded that if a British forcc could be despatched when too late, the same force might have been despatched at the proper time without any extraordinary de rangement of policy. Not being suflicionlly advanced in civilisation to understand the mysteries of Downing-street they imngined that a deep plan had been arranged to per mit the total destruction of all Egyptian troops,-in order to avoid all danger of resist ance to our future occupation of their country. ; The troops tinder General Graham arrived at .-Souakim too late for the object of the expedition—Sinkat had fallen, and Tewfik, Bey, with, his bravo garrison, had perished to a man. Tokar had surrendered to the rebels under Osman Digna, and a portion of the garrison fought the guns against the British in the sharply contested struggle of , Teb. The'battle of Tamai was fought a few days later, with. a loss of 130 killed on the British* side, * arid about 3000 of the enemy. : - •It .would have been a natural conclusion that uppn this total defeat of the rebels' the opportunity would' havo' been'- immediately seized for an-advance to Berber, which was then held by Hussein Khalifa P.ieha and an Egyptian garrison. Such an advance might have been easily effected, and tho route thus opened to Berber would have at once assured 0 the»s£ifety:. of JLChartoumv r 'Instead of this bold "move tho"B'riiisii Government" folh back; upon its usual policy of'-retreat, and General Graham had the mortification of retiring with -his? victorjous^ troops to Cairo, ,!\vhere-■■ they-began"'to wonder, and to ask, themsel.vcs.. the s,painful.;. question "Was it not|wiilul> murder.to ^destroy some,' 5000 Arabs; without .'any definite 'objecti'ex- ' cept' slaughter/ especially asK\re'liad already declared-the-abandoument-of-the;-Soudan; and Mr. Gladstone had officially stated rthat the Arabs were • righthjystru^gling tfor) {heir freedom'? "V V s '*3 W J >' The retreat of the British forces was naturally attributed to-jfear, .and. ,top the severity of their'losses. ' A few Marines had been left to ' occupy the earthworks of Souakim, where Osmari Digria quickly ral lied his Arabs and insulted the garrison by. a succession 'of night' attack's. The effect' of this was most damaging to the reputa tion of the^govcrnment, ana imperilled' the position of Berber and Khartoum, as the Arabs concluded that the British wore power less' .to' advance; ; The result' was ■ quibkly-' visible. General Gordon was helpless at* Khartoum, and iii'the absence off mililary support he was' deserted1'by.;.'the; various1 ti'ibes upon whom he had relied for aid.. Commonf senfee f wouldfsuggestTtliat- a' policy.) of abandonment.Vand, retreat ;muBfcj alienate friends and encourage 'enemies," while it :^ould insure "the" contempt of all. Khar toum was menaced ; Berber was attacked, and was takenbyas s ault; - the "great or "p.'of^ tion of the garrison being massacred.1"Tliis"'' was a:direct blow- 'at1' Kh'aHoum,- 'as1 'itrdes -troyed the -base,..sho.uld reinforcements be sent across the desert-from Souakim. r:'Kh"artdUtir.'was quickly-invested, "as?th~e fall of Berber, encouraged all tribes, and liberated fthecraUatkinls/fgircBf^i^a^ip.n •• against]th%|cairttal. V ||| f ! t? f ■ |J s Tlie British "envoj^Gerieral-'CyG^ Gordon^ :R;E.,;C:Br,~ who- had heroically obeyed the summons ;9ffthe (government, for^the-forlprn, liope evacuating., ■} Khartoum,1where ■impassable^ .deserts! 'wouldVrender^a^ietreat, .iiinpossiljle.^for/.a:;muititude,^ no'\y> Jfound.•* himselfcrueljy. abandoned,bytbatsampgoyeV .jrnmeni ■ which he had ^assisted ,inTits' liour.j! of , need; he was left to theVcare|ofl?rovidehce, ^ogether;.with hjs; brave compani^,QolpneL Steward and, a* number of Europeans, includ ing tho.'Erench.jAustrianj'.ahd British Cqn-, ,8ufs.;;.i The,English.^pviernmen|^ their determination of non-intervention in the affairs of . the ; Soudan. : Although thoy _ ,had permitted. General Hicks to^marchjtoj . slaughter, - although,' they . had' j employed, • General, '■ ..Graham, to; 'destroy-,' 5000' Arabs," talthough they., had',.'despatched,„General. Gordon and Colonel ^Stewart to' Khartoum to^enforce evacuation, still they persisted.in their , illogical and.; contemptible*" .attitude, and abandoned their own envoy to his 'fateV V Onco <mpro public opinion became out raged, arid in spite of all'former assurances -of non- intervention—precisely as they had acted at Souakim when General Graham was sent too late to save the garrison—Lord Wolseley was despatched with a British force of 6000 men too lute, as the Nile was already falling ; and before a British regiment could reach Dongola the distressing news was telegraphed by Major. Kitchcner,. R.E. (the gallant officer farthest in advance)—" That the unfortunate Colonel Stewart had per-> ished—massacred with all his party, includ ing the French and English Consuls—after the wreck of their steamer in the cataract north of Berber." Surely the ghosts of these victims must haunt the galleries of Downing-iHroet 1 Lord Wolseley is an able general, and I; do not pretend to criticise his movemeriis, but the distance by the river is immense, the passage against'the stream is slow,- and when the hostile country is reached, the difficulties, will be increased tenfold. Never theless, under his guidance, there must bo well-placed confidence, which means suc cess in the endeavour to reach Khartoum. At the same time those who are experienced in the country must be well aware that the short route from Souakim to Berbor would be an easy march 01" fourteen days, that would relieve Khartoum almost immediately if troops were despatched from Cairo with out delay. The time is rapidly passing, and Gordon, if alive, must be short of ammu nition and supplies. The catastrophe of Colonel Stewart's party is a proof that the Khartoum garrison was in great straits, otherwise General Gordon would not have risked the lives of Colonel Stewart and the European Consuls in an attempt to reach Dongola by steamer. With every confidence, and the best wishes for General Lord "Wolsoley's expedition, we cannot forget the motto of the British Government—" Too Laic." 