LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. The Speaker, took the chair at 11.30 a.m. PRESENTATION OF THE SPEAKER. _ Mr. DIBBS moved,-" That this House do now adjoin to Government House to present ? the Speaker to the Lieutenant-Governor." ' Mr. ABBOTT seconded the motion, which was agreed to, and the House adjourned accordingly. The House resumed at 26 minutes past 12 o'clock. Mr. SPEAKER reported that he had proceeded to Government House, where he informed his Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor that the House had on the previous day elected him as Speaker for the second time, whereupon his Excellency congratulated him on his election. He begged that the most favourable construction might be placed upon their actions, and he had now to report to them his most grateful thanks for the honour conferred upon him. He had also to report that he had received power under the great seal of the colony to swear in hon. members. The clerk having read the warrant, Mr. Thomas Williamson, member for Redfern, was sworn in. MESSAGE FROM THE LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR. Mr. SPEAKER announced that he had received a message from his Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor, authorising the transfer of a vote passed for one service to another head of service. The Usher of the Black Rod appeared, and announced that it was the pleasure of the Lieutenant-Governor that the Honorable House should meet him in the Council Chamber. The House obeyed the summons, and returned to their own Chamber at 12.29, and adjourned until 4 p.m. The Speaker again took the chair at 4.30 p.m. ERRORS IN WRITS. It having been reported that several clerical errors and inaccuracies with regard to the proper names of certain hon. members had occurred in certain writs which had been returned to Mr. Speaker, it was resolved, upon the motion of Mr. Dibbs, that the same be rectified. PAPERS. The following documents were tabled, and it was ordered that the same printed, vi- Correspondence respecting an offer of a new lifeboat to the Government, by Mr. W. J. Smith ; correspondence, &c;, relative to the dismissal of Mr. William Alexander Lesley; also an abstract of the Governmental banking liabilities for the quarter ending September 30th ultimo. APPLAUSE IN THE HOUSE. Mr. GARRETT drew attention to a practice which had been, he remarked, recently introduced into the House, viz. that of hon. members expressing their approval by the clapping of hands. (Hear, hear.) He had no doubt that it had resulted from ignorance as to the practice of the House. Hon. members : It has often been done. Mr. GARRETT: I have been connected with the House, off and on, for something like 25 years, and yet I never heard of the practice being adopted. Mr. SPEAKER remarked that the mode of expressing approval which had been alluded to was a rather unusual one, but he could not take upon himself to say whether it was out of order, or improper, or if it ought to be suppressed. (Hear, hear.) If hon. members took no exception, he certainly should take no notice of it. Sir JOHN ROBERTSON said that the practice, whether was an objectionable one or not, was ludicrous in the extreme. (Hear, hear.) THE ADDRESS IN "REPLY WANT OF CONFIDENCE AMENDMENT. Mr. EWING move-,-"That a select committee be appointed to prepare an address in reply to the speech of his Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor." Mr. BOLTON seconded the motion. The motion was agreed to, and the committee left the Chamber to prepare the address. The select committee having prepared the address in reply, returned to the Chamber, and the clerk read the address as follows: " To his Excellency Sir Alfred Stephen, Knight Grand / Cross of the Most Distinguished Order of Saint Michael and Saint George, a Companion of the Most Honorable Order of the Bath, Lieutenant-Governor of the colony of New South Wales and its Dependencies. " May it please your Excellency, " Wo,horMajesty'smostloyalanddutifulsubjects,mem bers of the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales, in Parliament assembled, desire to express our thanks for your Excellency's speech, and to assure you of our deep and unfeigned attachment to her Most Gracious Majesty's Throne and Person. "2 The bills for the establishment of a system of local government throughout the country, and for the regulation of the public health, to be laid before us, will receive the most careful consideration at our hands. "3 The various other important measures to which your Excellency has referred will also receive our anxious attention when they are laid before us. "4. We join your Excellency's prayer that, under divine guidance, the labours upon which we are about to enter may be beneficial to this country." Mr. EWING rose amid applause, and moved the adoption of the address in reply. He said that it might appear strange that he, a so-called independent member, should take this course, but although he recognised the necessity for independence, he did not recognise in a form which would be hold out as a terror to the Government or a hope to the Opposition. A man had the right to please himself, and there was no fear of any man of an independent mind attaching himself blindly to any party. On coming into the House he had promised to do nothing that would retard the government of the country, and when he understood that a change of government would be for the benefit of the colony, and recognising that a well-defined party was conducive to the welfare of the people, he would be willing to vote for the overthrow of the present Ministry, but not before (hear, hear-and until such a time arrived he failed to see that anything would be gained by removing the Government. Regarding the Land Act, he failed to see what amendments or improvements were necessary, but he was willing to accept the position taken up by the present Government, that if any practical difficulty existed (cheers and interruption) they were willing to remedy it. These amendments and improvements would be considered at the proper time. In connection with the local government question, it appeared that an old-established place might have the same rate of endowment as would be offered to other places not similarly situated, but he believed the Ministry understood that this difficulty occurred. A time had arrived unmistakeably for the consideration of a Local Govt minent Bill of some kind and it would be as well to begin by discussing that proposed by this Ministry as any other. there was something which attracted public sympathy to this Government, in their apparent belief that the city existed because of the productiveness of the country ; their measures aiming at the welfare of the country and their desire to encourage a necessary population, and develop the country's resources. It was difficult for him to define the duty of an independent member, not having been a sufficiently long , under the mellowing influence of an independent party ; but, looking at the position from the manly principles of everyday life, he hold it to be the duty of a member of Parliament to briñg^to,tho consideration of all matters an unbiassed mind, to enable him to judge accurately. and some comprehensiveness of thought to give him full and fair materials for. his judgment. The power of judging fairly was of little value without that of observation, by which a member fitted himself to exercise a proper judgment upon measures, according to their merits, and not according to the characters of the men who brought them forward. It was not; an uncommon thing to get good, laws out of a bad government and some men who were worth loss privately might, in their' public capacity, produce measures which were very beneficial to the country. (Laughter from the Opposition.) It was the duty of young members to give way even at a sacrifice, to the experience of the older members and the older members might on their part put up with the errors of young men of euthusiastic and vigorous minds, clear, bear.) He laid no claim to originality, but if he find refreshed any memory and caused any member to meet Her Majesty's Government in the fair and honourable way in which the Government should be met, he would not have spoken in vain. He asked the House. to give the Government their fullest consideration, and reject' no measure because they had an antipathy to the Ministry, but on the principle of the measure itself. He hoped they would have a fair consideration of all measures, and at- ten would have the consideration which was steadily them a net wrote life, and should not be denied them in their political position. (Hear, hear.) ' >' as Mf. BOLTON, in rising to second the motion, expressed his belief that from the many kindnesses he had received since entering the Chamber, he was assured of every possible consideration as a young member, and one who had taken up a duty he might not be altogether fitted to fulfil. In seconding the motion he was endorsing the opinion of the electors who brought about his political birth, and at the same time the political resurrection of his friend the Premier. (Hear, hear.) If he was doing wrong in doing so, 2100 electors of the Murrumbidgee had done so before him. Speaking on the subjects touched on in the Governor 9 Address, he said he was sure that hon. members would make their own individual interests secondary to the in- forests of the country. He thought that the intimation that no new taxation would be proposed would be hailed with a great deal of satisfaction by the House, especially when taken in connection with the statement that the revenue, so far, was largely in excess of that for the corresponding period in 1884. The whole colony was largely interested in the promises of the establishment of a system of local government, and of the regulation of public health. Any one who had contested an election, or been instrumental in an election contest, know that local government was absolutely necessary to make the constituencies more independent of the Government, and the politicians of the day more independent of those individuals who gauged their political policy by their personal requirements. (Hear, hear.) Therefore, a broad basis of local self-government was one calculated to give the greatest possible benefit to the country generally, and to the centres of population in particular. The matter of the public health was one which, this Assembly might watch with very great jealousy, because not only in the large centres of population was it necessary that sanitary measures should be carried out, but in places where the population was sparse, sanitary measures were more generally disregarded, through the carelessness arising from want. of apprehension of danger, than in the metropolis. The amendment of the patent laws had been a subject of inquiry by the constituents of almost every member, and it might be hailed with satisfaction that the Administration would give its time and attention to that important subject. The state of the insolvency law had been spoken of for a great number of years, as being altogether inadequate to check unprincipled persons taking advantage of it, going through the court and coming out in a month or two better men than they were before they went in, and better men than their unfortunate creditors, who were left to whistle for justice. (Hear, hear.) In reference to the proposed Noxious Trades Bill, and the amendment of the Civil Service Act, he remarked that the Civil Service Act was one which members on both sides appeared to regard as requiring a remedy. He had no doubt, however, that all the legislation, that could ever be brought to bear upon the subject would not give satisfaction to each and every individual in the Civil Service. He was sure that a judicious measure would serve to regu- late the Civil Service more to the satisfaction of that large and splendid body, of men, and bring about good to the colony. The Estimates, they were told, of the public expenditure, had been framed with due regard to the requirements the country, and would be submitted to us in a few days. The revenue at the present time was largely in excess of that of last year ; but Mr. Speaker said that during the past month as ok million loan in the form of inscribed stock was negotiated in London by the Bank of England on behalf of the colony at a price which compared favourably with any recent loan of the British de- dependencies. A measure had to be brought forward dealing with the subject of water conserva- tion, and coming from the district he did, it was a great joy to him to think that our arid plains would be intersected with streams throughout. It might be that there was water where there was no grass, and grass where there was no water, and so the stock starved ; but it would be a boon if these arid plains could be made available for stock. The temporary water supply scheme from the Cataract River to Sydney had been completed, and the water was flowing' into Botany, which would remove all fear of a water famine. The dangers of malignant fever and other ills were removed by this, and he thought we might fairly congratulate ourselves that we had it. The provisions of the Public Instruction Act continued to he carried out, and it was contemplated to establish a school of agriculture. This country must for years be more dependent upon agriculture than over before, and there was no doubt that the Government were taking a step in the right direction. The Crown Lands Act of 1884 would be regulated, as it was shown that such remedies were required. He thought there were few men on the floor of this House who had more fault to find with the present Land Act than he had had (Oppo- sition cheers) but he had so much confidence in him that he followed the Minister for Lands (Government cheers) for he felt sure that suggestions would not only occur to his fertile brain, but that any suggestions made to him by other hon. members would be adopted if he thought fit. (Opposition cheers.) He Frasquita sure the Minister was quite able to take care of himself, and if not, he hoped to be able to help him. [An hon. member : He won't repeal the Act.], That might be a slight dig at his saying in his speech on, the hustings that he should try to repeal the Act, but that might be due to the fact that a man might not be always disposed to follow out what was stated. He might find he was using an expression of which he had not considered the force and intent and in using the word repeal, he acknowledged that he used a word of which he had not considered the full force and intent. To repeal the Act at the present moment, or in the future, the more impracti- cable would it be. Housed the world "repeal" wrongly; but he was prepared to amend the Land Act in such a way that his conscience would be perfectly clear that it would bail useful piece of legislation. He was satisfied that there would be many pieces of detail to be altered. He had sufficiently taken up their time, and had nothing further to do except to hope that hon. members on both sides of the. House would join him in praying that the blessing of Almighty God would attend them in their labours. (Laughter.) Nothing remained for him to do but to retire to the perch of an independent member. . Sir JOHN ROBERTSON remarked that the hon. gentleman had said, what they very seldom heard something about " the blessing of Almighty God." The electors who sent him here should read not his speech, but his written address to the electors. (Cheers.) Again, he said that it was not what he spoke, but what he set down and wrote and addressed to a constituency like the Murrumbidgee, and told the people. themselves. As to giving the Land Act a fair trial, he was so convinced, and had hitherto been, of its unjust and un- workable nature, that he felt that nothing short of its actual. repeal would be sufficient. The hon. gentleman then spoke and wrote a good deal. He said the Civil Service appeared to be unworkable,. Was there anyone there, even the Minister for Lands, who would expect a member to take the course he was taking now. (Opposition : Hear, hear.) The audacity of this course was beyond anything he had never known. Calmly and quietly he writes in. his address to his constituents certain things, the effect of which on the He use he could not foresee. in the many years he had been here he had never before thought it his duty to speak thus with regard to a new member, but when a now namba came forward in this way it was time. He said the Government would be willing to amend the practical details with regard to the working of the Lands Act. He had no doubt they would. in any way, the people of the country were being robbed of their estate, and he had no doubt this would be removed. The land would go to individuals, and not to the people. Another matter which the Governor's Speech referred to was the state of our finances. It was said that we should not require further taxation. Well, that was very nice, and he was very glad to hear it. (Hear, hear.) He did not want any further taxation ; but they had not been told what the amount of the deficiency was. (Opposition cheers.) The Government had not said a word about the deficiency, and they would not tell them. The Government know what money they had when they took office,. because the hon, the Premier when Colonial Treasurer spent; £1300 of the people's money without authority in the ginghams; to England a portion of his speech, in which he, stated that he found the country the most prosperous, in the world. (Hear, hear.) He thought that, when the. hon. gentleman was removed from his position, those who followed him would be afraid to telegraph to England the state in which they found the public finances. (Opposition, cheers.) They dared not do it. (Hear, hear.) The hon. gentleman, if he went to England borrowing again-and has very much doubted if he would do so would not tell the' people of England the state of our finances for the existing condition of matches, brought about by the maladministration, of his Government. He was in a better position than any other man in the House to know what happened during the general election, because' how us quietly at home, and his: brain was as clear as a bell, and therefore he know a great deal about the opinions of Mr. Bolton and other members too. [Mr. Gaiuiett: You had. all better look out.] He know what they told their constituents, and if principles as the hon. cember for the Murrumbidgee, (Mr. Bolton.) ' (Opposition cheers.) He did not say that he agreed with all the principles enunciated by the 'hon. member to his constituents, but he agreed with most of them, and what were they to say of an hon. gentleman was after making the promises he did to his constituents, supported a Government in office who, had wrested millions at acres from the people and disposed of it at the rate of 8d, per acre, not per year, but for four years. Who had to pay-for,this wholesale alienation of the land ? Why, the country had to pay for it. (Hear, hear.) Who owned the land Not" the few, people in the, country districts, the few squatters and their dummies. It belonged to the whole people, from whom it had been taken for the benefit of a few, and at a cost to the whole people of the country of 2s. 6d. per acre. If that was, not a swindle, he should like to know what was (Opposition cheers.) Under the present Act the local land boards went out to examine the land applied for, (and if they and the squatter's dummy agreed there was no appeal on behalf of the people. [Mr. Gauuett: Hear, hear.] Millions of acres of land passed away in this manner, and the people had nothing to do with the arrangement. (Hear, hear.) They had no opportunity of appeal- ing at all. What kind of tyranny wish that P They were in the midst of the greatest system of swindling the world over Baw. (Hear, hear.) If. the local boards examined a piece of land, with the squatter's dummy, and if they were got, at, and agreed with the dummy, the State could - have no appeal. There wolf no appeal. The Minister for Lands had nothing to do with it, and was out of the running. The law courts had nothing to do with it, nor had the Privy Council anything to do with it, and the land - was gone from the people, That was the position of this matter. The whole bill was a consummate piece of >aj-alitv-fOnrjoai-oa _i___i-i_e the purpose of depriving the people of their prosperity and giving it to individuals. Then, as to the squatters' rent. Under the old law the squatters were never made to pay too much hut under the present Act the appraisement was to APPLY for 15 years. At the present time, when everything was in a deplorable state from drought, what value could they put upon the runs ? Very little, and, there now there w"E" t0 to a periodical appraisement. But all this was knocked on the head by the existing Act, under which an appraisement for 15 years was considered enough. That being so, every squatter in the House would vote with the Government, and against every amendment that might be proposed. (Opposition cheers He bore no enmity to the squatters. There were members of his family who wore squatters, and he was a squatter before any man in that House knew what a squatter was, and when he thought it was necessary he had taken the part of the squatters at the risk of losing his popularity in the country ; but he knew that the present law was a fraud from beginning to end, and therefore he condemned it. They were told that in some districts the people liked the Act, and he was told by the Minister for Lands flint the new selectors liked it, and' that the old ones did not. Of course the new selectors liked it because they got the land at 3d. per acre for four years ; but how did the people of Sydney like it, who had been bamboozled and humbugged and who with their children had been robbed of the land. (Hear, hear.) The selectors paid eightpence per acre for four years, and that was part of the creation of the freehold, while the Survey win- paid for out of the people's Treasury. No "newspaper in the country had yet been honest enough to report what he had said. He did not know why when he sub-titled n thing which was unanswerable he should be completely ignored. He claimed to have done as much Ser "vice with regard to the land law as any man in the country. He contended that the gentlemen at' present in office were not to be trusted with regard to this great question (hear, horror yet with regard to any question largely involving the rights of the people of this country. Sir Henry Parkes was one of those who had battled for Parliamentary Government. They then had great men such as Wentworth, Martin, and Windeyer, and a host of others amongst them, and they" gave the people the control of the lands and of all their Parliamentary business. For two generations the best seen in the country 'battled for and worked for the position they had attained, but what had the incompetent men of the present time tried to do V The incompetent men recently governing the country had attempted to introduce a Fe (form! Bill, and they only had to thank the Melbourne Cup for having escaped the passing of Unit bill. Nothing prevented unit ' bill becoming law but the Melbourne Cun, for had it not been for flint event the measure would have passed by a majority of 11. If that bill had passed they would have been bound to the other colonies hand and foot. That was what this Government did, and by this Government he meant the chief of the present Government, for they had nothing now but the tail end of the Govern . ment that passed the Land Act. They tried to take from the people the right of Parliamentary government, and were they now going to trust the- people? He did not intend to make a long speech, and in conclusion would move as an amendment that the following words be added to paragraph 3 of the Address in Reply :-" We desire also to convey to your Excellency that the" present Aduiinistra ' on does not possess the confidence of this House." "? Mr' DIBBS said he had listened with great attention i to the speech of the hon. member who had just resumed *. his seat, expecting that in full filment of the reports with which the air had been thick during the last few days he would conclude with a motion similar to the amendment he [had just moved. Hon. members, and especially those who were now to Parliamentary life, now had a fair sample of what an amendment to the" Address was, and he was certain that they would show on division that they agreed with him that the hon. gentleman had not given a single reason for "taking the step he had taken. Until the very moment the ' hon. gentleman read his amendment he looked upon his remarks as simply matters of history, but he was of opinion that hon. members did not want to hear a speech which twas nothing more than a repetition of a speech which had been already delivered on the second reading of the Land " Bill. The amendment was brought forward for the purpose of censuring the Government. (Hear, hear.) He was prepared to accept the situation, but he wanted to know .' no had a right to Barlow, and the House had a right to know " what the grounds of the charge were, and consequently at the present stage he spoke at a disadvantage. Was he to be asked to reply to the hon. gentleman when no ' attack had been made upon the Government P He should like to say a few words with regard to what he considered an unfair attack made on two gentle ' men in the House, viz., the proposer and seconder of the "Address. A gross attack had been made on those gentle ? given; their addresses to their constituents had been read, and " what for P There was no more trying position in which a man could be placed than when he "put his pen to paper to 'give his political views to his constituents. It was not much to old hands such as his hon. friend Sir John Robert- son and the hon. member for Camden, but it was very trying to a "swarm, and it was a matter which no reason able man would seek to bring within the walls of the House. (Interruption from Mr. Garrett.) They I were beginning a new Parliament, and he hoped the hon. gentleman would set a good example by not interrupt- ing a speaker with unnecessary interjections. (Mr. Ga_ sett: I promise not to interrupt again.) There were again abor of gentlemen present who were how to Portionicntury life, and he appealed to the hon. members not to set a bad example by interjecting. He did not intend to make a long speech. The hon. gentlemen had attacked the Land Act of 1884, and what was that Act. When an appeal was made to the country it was answered by the country returning members for the special purpose of settling the land laws. The Land Act was, therefore, the result of the will of the people, who had accepted the lines laid down for its construction by Sir Alexander Stuart. (Hear, hear, and no no.) It was something more; it was the result of the issues raised which had put Sir Henry Parkes and Sir John Robertson out of office. The Act of 1884 was the outcome of the will of the people, just as the Act of 1861 was the cases were perfectly parallel. And because the Act of 1884 was the will of the people the Government were to he charged with being unable to administer the affairs of their offices. That was the charge against them, and he presumed that hon. members of the Opposition had agreed to the amendment, and that the lines of the hon. gentleman's speech were laid , down at a caucus meeting. An attack was also made on the Federation Bill, but the resolutions with regard to this very submitted two years ago, and if the hon. gentleman iWob not satisfied, that he would have no doubt raised less bonner, and tabled a motion of censure against them at the time. Sir JOHN ROBERTSON : What was the good? <' Mr. DIBBS : Well, these were the three charges against the Government and he would appeal to the House to say somewhat grounds that had been stated they would desire their destruction. He had never heard a, more feeble speech from his hon. friend, saving the celebrated picnic speech which had been drawn into this one. Anyone would think that, with the experience of the able politicians opposite, the Opposition would go before the members of the new Parliament and allege specific charges against the Government, and endeavour to prove them. They would be expected to say to hon. gentlemen, "Put this Government out and put us in and we will give you something in exchange for what you are now offered," But what did the hon. gentleman say? "The policy in the Governor's speech is what any Government would take up." Therefore , their programme must be satisfactory to the hon. gentleman, and he claimed the hon. gentleman's approval of it. The hon. gentleman admitted that the Opposition were charged with not having any policy, and he also admitted that "the Government have our policy." Therefore, on this ground also he demanded the hon. gentleman's support. It the Government advocated the hon. gentleman a policy, that policy must be a sound and correct one; and he would ask whether, because the Government had stolen the policy of the other side, they were to he put out of office. He would ask hon. gentlemen also if they were prepared to put the present G ovennnent out of office because a third of its members belonged to the late Government, or because nearly the whole of its members sat in the last Parliament, and took part in framing the Land Act of 1884. They had heard Mr. Wentworth and -Mr-, Lowe spoken of there, but what would those gentlemen have thought if an attempt were made to put a Ministry out of office because of a dislike to a measure which a pro vious Pttrlia-U-nt had passed? Why, it was making 'a burlesque of a very serious thing. They had heard, too, that the policy of the Government was that of the Parkes-Robertson Government. He would ask, however, who had ever heard from the Parkes and Robertson Government of a Local Government Bill. (Yes ; yes.) Well, he believed the hon. gentleman stated that ten years ago he heard something of such a measure, and that a promise was made with regard to it. Mr. WISDOM: The second reading of such a bill was moved by Sir Henry Parkes. Mr. DIBBS : Who ever heard of a Health Bill ? (Yes.) A bore assertion without proof would not do. He would admit that an indefinite promise had been made with regard to it, but did they ever hear of a Noxious Trades Bill, an Insolvency Bill, a Real Property Bill eyes) or a proposed amendment of the Licensing Act ? If Sir John Robertson was prepared to give them biBs in globe, it would perhaps be the best thing for him to take the place of the Government ; but it was certainly not the duty of the Government to throw up the sponge to those who offered the country nothing. (Cheers.) The Government had their hills prepared, and it would be their duty to submit them to the House and the House, composed of men who had pledged themselves to support measures and not men (hear, hear) were prepared to accord to the Government what they had promised to their consti- talented support to their measures if they approved of them and he was pretty well satisfied that the Government pr gramme was such that the knew or would be that hon. members were prepared to receive these measures at the hands of the Government, and give them a fair consideration, and would not strangle the Government before they had an opportunity for submitting them. With regard to the Land Act, defects had been pointed out, and it might be admitted that the Government gave it as a direct pledge to the House that they did not recognise the bill of 1884 as being perfect. [Sir John ,»£?»*?«« : Oh.] They did not recognise the bill of 1884 as being perfect and if the hon. gentleman who introduced the hill of 1861 had been manly enough to have made the same »tateiuent-ISir John RobertsoN : You are showing the white feathor]-andhad come boldly forward with a bill No remedy its defects, the Land Act of 1861 wood have been the law to-day. (Hear, hear.) But the hon. gentleman had laid the egg; it was the one oliXUisufe: and he held that ^^Jjmg^i touch his own _tw. fSir Jokk Bourton: Mine! The present Government were not prepared to say that the new law was perfect, but they had every right to ask that it should have a trial, and he believed that the country was with them in giving it a trial (Hear, hear, and No, no ) Surely hon members would have the fairness to allow it at least as many) devils for trial as the low of 1861 had years (Hear, hear ) He did not claim perfection for the Government If there were pc section in any Legislature it would quite sufficent Parliament met once every twenty years But the Legislature met for the purpose of remedy me, the people's grievances it would be a force were it otherwise If so, a sort of revision court would be quite sufficient They had promised the people that amendments would be made wherever the administration of the Act sin wed them to be necessary but, her peated, the Act must have a fair to in Not one single charge had been brought forward against any one member of the Government but the House was asked to displace the Ministry without the slightest material for that purpose If it was a question of love or affection, 01 of like and dislike, he might understand the attempt Sitting in opposition before him was an hon gentleman for whom no man in the country had a greater degree of admiration than he (Mr Dibbs) possessed, but he would be no party to the course of action which it had been proposed to take he first question was, who was to take the place of the Government if they were removed? He saw two well-filled benches before him, but the difficult") that would arise was, who would be selected to form the new Government 5 An appeal had been made against the existing one but not a single cause had been she was against them Did hon gentlemen who held protect honest views hope to gomnnvthingbv athaugoolMinistn t He questioned very much indeed whether the v would gain auvtli-ip-at all these statements not chin fees, had been made, and in behcvidthat the House would at once came to the conclusion that no sufficient grounds had been adduced for bringing about a change He was quite prepared to hear the recent electioneering cries brought up in the House whose crew had done their part, they) were now things of the past and there was no right for them to be introduced into Parliament (Oh, oh ) The House should set its face against such part) cries, which would be a display even to the days of their forefathers The Assembly was no fitting arena for matters of that Kind Hon members had now met for the purpose of passing good and oûeetivome issues for the welfare, of the country, and he old var con s should be put aside The question was didthoGovemmentplici bcfoiothollousu n policy of the issues that would meet the requirements of the country r the Opposition had no better policy to advance, and they could submit nothing better if it could be put forward by the present Government If those on the Opposition benches thought that they had a strong case the lou would have had a strong speech from their leader, and not the wretched exhibition that they had been treated to on the part of Sir John Robertson, in his alte met to trump up charges without one single point with which to back the of Mr GARRETT began his speech by remarking that as the Premier, in his distinguished position bas complained of interruption he hoped he himself, as a member of the Opposition, would be allowed to speak without interruption, vi left, rib they knew, had a most embarrass mp effect upon him (Lai ghter ) Referring- to the hon. gentleman who moved the address in reply, and the hon member's declaration that he belonged to the mode] evident party, are that it was a [good thing for the country that a well- defined indi i endent party should exist He considered that the country and the Ii also should know what an independent party '* meant (Hear, hear ) The House and the country women know the value of an independent part) after this it the proud) distinction of moving and seconding the address for such a Government as this, and of having a feather stuck over Heir heads-or somewhere el o-would bring independent men out from their independent position into a pledged party position If that was the voice of an independent part j " on such a paltry occasion, the Lord help the country what an important occasion timid nriBO (Hear, hear ) An independent party was inconsistent with our form of government (Hear, hear) Independent men were the only men that ought to born that House and upon independent of fixed parties was a party of danger- (cheerless part) of deceit (Hear, hear) In England they defined very well those "independents," these men who said they belonged to no party- the) defined it by saying these men belonged to equity they were ashamed of and that was true Our form of government instituted parties with absolutely clear his vision and for Una division to be honourably and faithfully maintained, except for good reasons, was absolutely necessary to good government and, as for sitting on a rail or a perch, it was ridiculous, 01 d absolutely) dangerous to the country) What was it that had embarrassed the carrying on of business the Imperial Parliament for the la 1 seven year's but the existence of the Parnell part)? 'Were we to have that game played here He was seen gild the hon. member for Orange had discovered and taken upon independent position (laughter and cheers) and he had not the slightest doubt that the two gentlemen who had moved and seconded the Address surely, if they were truthful, would stick to the Government now that they had left the independent party What had become of the independent part) now ? He believed one which would hold the lot (Laughter) The gentlemen who had moved the address had said that they might get good law from a bad Govern ment Leaving out the fact that this was not very com- plimentai-)-(laughter)-although he believed it was perfectly true (renewed laughter) he held that the phone was a false one that the first thing they had to do under our form of government was to secure (goodness, and the best men "Vi ere the members of this Goveiuiiiintthc best men's Hovvould enemy cannot common sense in this country whether these were the best men of the 122 who composed this House to form the Government of the country ( In no respect whatever were they the best men who) were headed by a man of great natural generosity of character, but who was at the same time exceeding!-, impulsive o Was that the man to lead in our public affairs ? With regard to the others, what pledge had any one of them given of their ability to conduct the affairs of this great country, especially at times like this 1 Never was there a time in the history of this country when experiance in Government, in public affairs intelligence, deter ruination, and caution were required more than at the present time The country had arrived at a lamentable condition The speech itself admitted this (Opposition cheers ) the Government admitted it This Government, of the late Gove onment for it was practically the sane tunic into power with a surplus of t found a halt millions He would d of) the Treasurer deny that there was now a deficit of a million (Hear, hear.) It was all a very fine to tell them that there was no necessity for fresh taxation. Of course they had shuffled along so-far as they had gone this year, but what about next year ? What were these men who had committed gross singles when they had chief control of the finances of the country, and who were still here, after having turned tail on the men who made themselves bad they slurvVhany great ability for business? He mentioned Sir Alexander Stuart, Mr. Dalley, and Mr. Farnell as having been the only strong men of the late Ministry. From the policy nritriniiUil by Mr. Dalley which some gentlemen of the Opposition had condemned,, and those opposite approved the had been covered with glory; and the Government gained more credit to our Mr. Fumoll'a mode of conducting the Land Bill through the House than from any other act they had ever performed. (Opposition cheers.) And they turn blunted the Land Minister in a cowardly way. (Hear, hear.) They had got, rid of those three gentlemen, and they now practically had there the sentiment of the Stuart Government. (Opposition cheers and laughter.) This Ministry was still is part of it, and must be held responsible for it. Another circumstance showed that they must be treated as a part of the Stuart Government, it had been recommended on their behalf, that the average of their stature should be struck, and it would be found that four of them were six feet high. These were the Premier, Minister for Public Instruction, and the Minister for Lands. Then they had Sir Patrick Jennings, a member of the late Government, and altogether he thought there were about 20 feet of the old Government left. (Laughter.) That was a very, fair proportion, and taking it in that light he thought he could deal with them practically as the old Government. Another reason was that they knew liant, allowing Mr. Dalley and Mr-. Stuart were not in the Government -boy, hero of it. They were making it very carefully, and watching it over its early youth, though he said they would never see it grow beyond that. In dealing with the Government as established now, he dealt with them as part and continuance of the late one, and if they were hardy enough to cut themselves adrift from them they could do it but the country did not do it, and they were fairly amenable for all the acts and all the consequences of the acts of the Stuart Government. Something had been said about the weakness of the speech of his hon. friend Sir John Robertson. He did not admit it was a weak speech, though he would admit it for argument's sake. But was it not Herculean in strength compared with that of the Premier? (Opposition hear, hears.) It was entirely un- becoming to a man in his position on an occasion like this. It was weak as water, while the speech of his hon. friend at the head of the Opposition was Samsonian in comparison with it. It was idle to say that they had only to judge of the Ministry upon the policy they put forth in this speech. What policy was there in the Noxious Trades Act, or the Patent Law, or the bill to amend the Lands Titles Act ? As to the amending of the Licensing Act there was a policy in that. It was the only measure on which a little light was let in. The local optionists knew the policy of that bill, because we were told that by the present law the liberties of the people had been trampled on. He was not surprised at the publicans, but the local optionists would carefully understand what the bill meant when they said that the old Ibw strangled the liberties of the people. It prevented people from drinking on Sunday in public-houses. He was simply taking this as the only matter in which they took them inside their measures. There was no policy in any part of their bill except one paragraph referring to the Land Bill, Were they elected to retain the law absolutely as it was ? Was Mr. Bolton so elected ? ' A paragraph in the Governor's speech was: "The Crown Lands Act of 1884, upon the consideration of which he much care and attention were bestowed last year, is being rapidly brought into operation. Any alterations or amendments shown during its administration to be required to carry out more efficiently the principles of the measure, the Government will recognise without delay." The principles had been condemned from one end of the country to the other, and why not tell them then what amendments they were going to make? Were they going to give people possession when they applied for it P Then as to the improvements. Were they going on with the expensive mode of administration which had been en- forced-a policy not only expensive, but a restrictive judges sergeant? If they were going to amend, that should go He said the Government did not mean to amend if they were to believe what they said the Under Secretary and the Minister were to be the judges of what alter "ions were to be made The) knew this that there was not a i ian returned from Fairy district where this Act was the main question " interest but who was pledged to altera- tion There was Mr Quin, from the western limits of the country "Whntobeut Ali Barton-' They all know his c elicit letter in the paper, when he spoke about licensed robbery (Applause the objections tics gentle now laid to the bill would be satisfied by administration from the office This was a mere blind sham and delusion tended to draw them away) Everyone of them was pledged in one way or another, but they would never have their objections rectitude as long as this Government remained in office They had told them that if there was any difficulty in carrying out the pernicious principles of the law they would remove them-that was all VI as that what they were sent here for?-toieuiovc difficulties in the win of principles which they were bound to oppose? (Hear, hear.) If they were was drawn away from their duty by such promises as these, they did not represent the people who sent them here but he did not believe they would so forget their duty to their constituents as to retain these men in power who were the authors and supporters of this bill and who were only going to amend vicious principles Which prevented this bill from working There wo bone statement as to a railway line between Dubbo and Coonamble, which showed that it would cost the country something for Sir Patrick Jennings' journey inland Come, back to the Land Bill, he said it was the duty of this House especially country members, to amend defects in the present law in the difficulty of (idniuu<tenng it and that being the case they had a right to look at the composition of the Government, and their principles on this matter, and see with what hope were we to look for having the expectations of the country v in this respect can led out He defects if the law were acknowledged all over the country Unless a man selected a measured portion, there was not a man who would got possession within 12 months Were the Government going to alter that? there was not a man in this country in the Western division in legal possession of his land Now, the hon members, Messrs Quin Burton, and Ryrie could not give him one case in which a man who had applied for a homestead lease had got absolute possession The Minister for Lands could not, and more than that there was no conditional purchaser who was in legal possession of his land yet Opposition cheers) or who could be in legal possession if he had not fenced it in (Hear, hear That was the state of the law. He knew of cases where men applied on the subs Emu office day, and had not got their land yet ii and had not a ghost of a show of got tight It all depended upon the notion of the surveyor, -the Survey office, and the land boards whether they got it or not "Under the old law a man could go into possession the next day or hear him 1 Mr CAMPBELL no can now Mr G M RET I said he could not Would the Minister for Lands Mr No and would the land boards say so? here we not a single instance of a conditional purchaser who was in absolute possession of his land now, nor could he ever be, so long, as this low continued as it was, nor could he It until he got his certifies it And his right to go upon the land could not keep anyone else oil it until he had fenced it he had to make all his improvements in two years, and until he did that he was not in possession of the land in the sense of preventing others from lost,. on it That was the great geneva ice in reference to that portion of the Ac Did the Governor's speech mean that they were going to amend the law in that respect ( Hint was a matter of great importance He knew of men who had £200 or £300 in their pockets who had been waiting omeo August and their money had become a few pounds and the bad to mortgage their land if they could get any one foolish enough to advance i tone on it-before they could make one pennyworth of our reverence to say nothing of these men being kept in idleness They spent what little money they had in -improving the land while they were waiting to get their certificate and when they did get it, was the land their own? they could not keep the squatters off it and when they had it fenced in the) found it as bare of v creature as the poor of this House (Hear hear) He hoped and trusted that those who represented the great industry of this country, that was those who desired to become Settlers and who wore absolutely prevented by this portion of the law, would not be contented with the Amendment which had been shadow ed forth It was said that the law was passed to prevent dummying but dummying whatever so life co it was at present (Hear, hear.) He would begin with the homestead leases Nine out of ten were dummies (0 position cheers ) they might not all be dummies in the sense that the money was found for them) an bod) cKe, but they were dummies in the sense that the persons who took them up were not settlers upon the land and were not fixed to the land at all They were taken up alongside the bailes of the big navigable rivers and alongside these banks run the travelling, stock routes, which were included in the ho instead leases and these homestead leases, instead of being prices of settlement were simply places of accommodation ation for squatters (Opposition cheers) They were simply) being grazed over, and wore places of agistment for he squatters' sheep Mr S WERS How can that be it they have not possession t Mr G 4.RRETT Such a possession as they had got Mr QTjIN Who knows better than the hon gentleman who interrupted you (Hear, hear.) Mr. GARRETT said the homestead leases had been taken up cove on it, the travelling stock routes, and were being used, not by the sheep of the homestead leaseholder, but by the pastoral leaseholder who paid the man who had taken up the leasehold Mr QTjI"N That is merely) surmise Mr GARRET I knew it was not surmise but a fact There had been any amount of from her with regard to homestead lessees and there had been doing in regard to taking up the big selections in the central div sion 1 w o nephew s of his own went upon the second land office day to select some land on the Bogan River The one who went in It was successful and he but his hand-fed Quay Hear, bend without opposition 1 hut was to say he was successful in having his milk ration lodged but he did not her husband [V voice He got the same as he did under the Act of 1862 ] The other nephew went on the following Thursday and was the rest 10 o'clock in the morning. He put his application in when down came two hands over his shoulders was the two applications one from the lessee of the run and his servant, who had ride with his amater inhisbuggv to the office door There had to be a ballot and his nephew won it and his application was received [Mr Qxis Hear, hear] The point of what he was boxing v as this, Unit it showed the dummying that was going on It was merely by the chance of the ballot that he got his land, and it was not anything in the law which prevented the squatter and his duties) from getting it. He knew that 9 out of 10 selections that were made now were made in the interests of other persons, and the machinery of the law would be entirely inefficacious in preventing it. The effect was that legitimate settlers were prevented from * taking up land and free selection was killed. (Hear, hear.) The only selections now were conditional selections by selectors who had taken up land under the old Act, and the new selectors would not change it because they knew that what little money they had would be dissipated in maintaining themselves while they remained in idleness waiting for possession of the land. He knew also that the Crown lessee was not satisfied with the low. Were they satisfied with these heavy statutory jumps in rent or the forfeiture of their improvements at the end of their leases? He knew they were not, because it was a monstrous robbery. (Hear, hear.) He was quite satisfied that if they did their duty to their constituents they would express their intention of going further than was expressed in the paragraph of the speech to which he had alluded. (Hear, hear.) They were told by the authors of the Land Bill that if there was fixity of tenure given over half the leases there would be a rental of one million or one million and a half acre duced, and that that would do away with the necessity for increased taxation. (Hear, hear.) What did they SW Why, that instead of one and a half million they had got £110 000 for half the holdings. The other half was to be paid for at a higher rate ; but if they put it down at the same rate, that would give a total of" _2b0,000. Well, the appraisement had to come on top of that, and would it double the amount? [A voice: No] They would not get half a million instead of the one and a half promised and who was to make up the deficiency ? Why, the people, in the shape of taxation. (Opposition cheers.) But that was not oil. The Government brought down a bill with a proposal that the rental in the Eastern and Western divisions should be 2d. per acre, and in the Central division 3d. per acre. They got the second reading of the bill with these figures in re-hear, hear-and on these figures they said they would get the rentals he had referred to; but they could not carry the bill with this minimum in it, and they reduced it one-half. That was how the £480,000 came out. (Hear, hear.) The leases were for 16 and 20 years, and at any rate, taking the average, the leases would be for 17 years, and the country lost eight millions of money by the reduction made in the minimum in order to enable the Government to carry the Land Bill. (Hear hear.) If the Government had kept to the minimum they would have had a million. They were getting now half a million, and perhaps not as much as that, but he would be liberal and say that amount They lost half a million a year for 17 years, which came to eight millions six hundred and fifty thousand pounds by an Act perpetrated by the presented Government (Lear, hear) for they were the in- heritors of the policy, and to a great extent were the f ramers of the policy. The reduction was made by the Minister in order to carry the bill, and Mo act had cost the country the amount he had named. The present Government were the inheritors of the Stuart estate. The action he had referred to could not have been perpetrated without the knowledge of the Treasurer (hear, Itu) their present Premier, and if they allowed the present Government to remain in office they would be unworthy of their position, because the eight million six hundred and fifty thousand pounds would have to be made up by taxation, unless they put in a Government which would produce a fair income from the public lands. He thought he had said enough upon the land question. The Premier had in the most grave and honorable spirit said, " Oh, let us go on." (Laughter.) The hon. gentleman who took no part in the policy The hail i referred to was his hon. friend the Attorney-General. The motion brought forward was one of want of confidence, and never before was such a motion moved on better grounds but anything like a censure would full-as light as feathers upon the backs of such hardened -Tenders. He denied that it was the will of the people that the Land Bill should be accepted and even admitting that it was at the time, the people had now materially changed their minds on the subject. They found they had been deceived-(cheers)-and nothing would be hailed with greater satisfaction than the news of the punishment of those of the believers who were left (Hear, hear) to show that the people were dissatisfied he had only to mention the fact that of the members who had voted for the second wing of the Land Bill 27 had been rejected by the people. It was idle to talk about the Land Bill being left as it was There were a number of other things which should be well thought of by the House in dealing with the Government Vv hat about the final ces of the country ? Had the Premier managed the finances in a satisfactory manner of Look at the verdict of the Supreme Court (Applause) Look at the cost of changing the mode of dealing with the loan (Applause ) That matter alone would cost the country about half a million of money The very fact of the Premier having managed the financial business of the country in such a way as to bring them into a discreditable and disastrous law so twas enough to damage his reputation as a financial manager [Mr Dinna Wo won the verdict I (Loud laughter ) They had to pay the coats and £40,000 or -COO OWI besides, leaves a very funny way of war mug a verdict He would not trust the present Government to amend the Civil Service Bill The measure entailed upon them an additional annual expenditure of one hundred thousand pounds odd, and the Gov 01 nment would, if possible, in amending the bill increase that amount That was another reason why they should be bundled out [A Hon Member The bill was call ed under false pretences ] No attention was paid to the bill, except by) Sir Henry Parkes It was asked, if the Government were turned out, where were they going to get men to fill their places i and it was also asked, what was the policy of the Opposition ? He contended that they had nothing to do with such questions It was their duty to deal with the policy of the present Government, but he would undertake to say that a worse Government than they had at present could not be found There never was a time when experience, ability, courage, and caution were more required than at the present time and, he might add, honesty too He maintained that from his side of the Houses govern meat could be got If the House were true to itself and to the country, generally it would turn the present Government out and judge whether or not they could get a good and capable Government when it was presented to them. He would say, without casting any personal reflections upon them, that the Government had shown an utter incapacity, unworthiness, and untrustworthiness for the positions they occupied With regard to the new members of it, he had not a word to say against them Under men of greater experience they would be very well placed , but they were a team of colts When the country wanted son saved horses, were up to the collar, it had a team of kicking colts offered to it. The Government had the the " six feet" in their favour, they were 11 grenadier Government, and they had their little bugler in the Upper House 1 but little gentleman they knew to be most amiable and amusing, and the bent of mimics, but he did not think he could mimic a politician He was the very last June the country would pick to represent the Government in that Parliament, though he was almost as good as any of the Government he represented He was utterly unfitted for the position he occupied It was for the House to consider whether the state of things he had described was to continue The Government ought to be thankful to the Opposition for bringing this amendment forward at so early period IhePremierclsimedtohaveafan trial and he was on his trial now and it was for the House to decide whether the interests of this great country were to be trusted to men who had acted in this manner he had described He hoped and trusted that in the interests of the country they would not be allowed to do so, and he believed that a large majority of the people and a large majority of members of the House would join him in the hope Mr QUIN said he could not permit some of the last set alter s remarks to go uncontradicted He was certain that the hon gentleman knew that a great many of his statements were absolutely incorrect (Hear, hear ) The hon gentleman, for instance, referred to land being taken up without possession of it being given Well, as a matter of fact they knew that under the old law a great deal of land was believe J And men built houses on it four orfhovcar af tern acts, and after this the land was taken from them (Hear, hear ) With reference to the land passing from the hands of the people, he would point out that the whole of the land be- an extra Wagga and Hay was held by 11 individuals, and that it was not acquired under the present Act, but under the Act of 1861 (Hear, hear) It was to prevent the accumulation of such large estates that the present law was brought in (Hear, hear ). The House said it would have no more of the old law, and it went to the country upon the principles of Sir Alexander Stuart, which 511 in- notes, it should be understood were enunciated by Mr Garrett himself (Hear, hear) The new Act would be as now) administered by Mr Abbott as Irv any man who ever held the same position He maintained that the imposition of too high 11 rent on the squatters of South Australia and of Victoria led to their abandoning their holdings and their homes ends, and he feared the same thing would happen here South Australia threw obstacles in the w ivy of pastoralists, and these left that colony and came to New South V. ales, and now South Austi she had 110 more sheep than she had ten years ago, and purchased meat largely from this colony She now offered land at 2s 6d 11 mile for 21 years, and would provide for improvements to be paid for If a high rate were imposed in re he w oh sure that millions of acres of land would be thrown up He believed that the Land Act was doing good work, and it was because of its being third) administered that men who were accustomed to reap large ball vests from cases not being dealt with quickly that it was being opposed If it orchard) administered he was certain it would become popular Victoria had 12,000 000 acres of country) under occupation A high rate was put on, and the land was thrown up and the homesteads abandoned, and now the land was offered at 2s a mile, and the Government had promised that it would extend £14 000 111 rabbit-proof fencing because the holders of the land said they would throw the land up if they did not do so. He feared that a similar state of things would follow here if similar tactics were pursued Alluding to rabbits, he maintained that hon members in Sydney were not alive to the dangers which existed in connection with those pests He was quite certain that the men who had been in possession of the land the pastoral lessees, or the squatters, if they liked the term better-had already had very much trouble, and they were in very great trouble at the present time, and if any legislation of an un- certain character was attempted in the House, it would cause a vast number of failures What was needed was finality (Hear, hear ) Was it because men had taken up land, and had spent thousands of pounds upon it for nothing, that this was to be looked upon as crime in the eyes of the country? (Hear, hear") The land was now nearly all locked upon some of the more favoured inna, and hon. members would like to lock up the rest Was that a clever able state of things to exist ? Runs that 01 originally brought vast sums of money would not now realise half the amounts that had been expended on them by way of improvements (Hear, hear ) Every hon member who had studied finance knew that seventeen-twoulieths of the whole exports of the colony consisted of pastoral produce and it behoved them to be very tender in dealing with this vast interest If they doubted what he said, let them go round the country and look for themselves The hon member characterised us a most unsatisfactory one a report upon land matters which Mr Ranken had prepared, and he no need at some length to the change of tone which that gentleman's letters to the S M Herald had taken after he had personally seen the country There were, he pointed out runs in existence on which 50,000 to 70,000 sheep had died for lack of grass, not for want of water Other drawbacks, too, existed, which, if the Ministers would only go and see for themselves, would cause the Crown lessees to be much more tenderly treated than they were if the minimum was retained, they would have millions of acres of Crown lands on their hands he regretted the existence of the fencing clause, and he would like to see the Survey Department act promptly and survey the leases, so that men could know what they were to get Same of them had spent thousands of pounds for tanks, -c and he pointed out several modes by the means of which squatters were rendered liable to subsequent blackmail 10,000 ach blocks were not intended for man of very small means (Hear, hear ). He recently bought a run near Bourke, paying a very large sum for it, and, though he purchased it on a right to the leases, he had accepted the inevitable, and one-half of tin ore had gone. He presumed hon nicnwerB would like to have the other half taken now, The Civil Service Bill had been recognised as a necessity for many cars past The present Ace was not quite satisfactory, and it require- great and serious amendments There was room to get rid of hundreds of incapable h who, he did not hesitate to say, thronged the public offices In many of them they could be carried out by the dozen men who had been there for 40 years 111 some instances, and who overdid under stand their duty (Hear, hear ). In alluding to the Licensing Act, the hon member remarked that although he was not a drinking man in the general sense of that term, of he liked his little share. The publicans had grievances, and if so they had a right to have them discussed and recognised, and he desired to see every man, and every class of men, yet fair play within that chamber (Hear, hear ) Full local option was nothing more nor less than spoliation und robber)-(choors)-and if men would vote for such a principle in one case they would do it in another. No such men were fair legislators, he did not care who they were [Mr Cover Local optionists are quite as honest as any squatter I Ho cautioned those who were likely to form the next Government to deal with the matter of land legislation very tenderly Cries of " Question" at this point were made, and, no one rising to speak, Sir. Sj'kAkek proceeded to put the question, and he had nearly succeeded in doing so when Mr. GARVAN rose, amid Opposition cheering. He remarked that he had seriously intended not to address himself at all to the subject before the House, and he had been willing to leave the matter to those more conversant with Parliamentary matters. Such had been his honest and fixed determination. (Hear, hear.) Some elements of the debate, however, needed to be brought fairly and weighty into consideration before going to a division. (Hear, hear.) The last notion of the last Parliament was perhaps the most important that over that Legislature, or any Parliament in the world, had taken. It was based upon the necessity for the purest conduct of the officers of the Government. (Hear, hear.) It was directed against a state of affairs which the late Government, and of necessity the present one, were intimately identified with. The Government had dragged their supporters after them in the affirmation of the position which they took up, and after having trailed them through the mine as far as was possible, they deserted them when they got them in In the mud.- (Opposition cheers.) No more dangerous principle could be admitted than that a Minister should be allowed to preside over a department with which he had gigantic business transactions (Hear, hear) His motion to that effect had been opposed by every member but one of those who now constitute the Government Several of them took up the legal point, and argued that it was perfectly justifiable as a matter of political procedure He contended that the very reverse was cheered and when the Government induced then supporters to hold with them many of them utterly against their own i convic- tions-nt the very moment of importance they had deserted them If there was one subject which claimed public consideration more than another, it was that one a subject on which the Government ought to be publicly) judged (Hear, hear ). In looking over a file of newspapers recently he saw that in the division lists on the resolution that he submitted relative to the Hon I T A Wright, the then Minister for Works, that, of the 16 mum bers who voted and the 15 who passed for it, 27 were re elected Of the 35 who voted in the negative and of the lo who paired with the noes-50 in all-21 had been again returned Could there be any more emphatic proof of the opinion of the country as to the position of the Government? Yet the speech from the throne showed no desire on the part of the Government to amend the law on this important point On the contrary, they kept it open Mr Wright continued to act as a Minister in the Government, and if he had now held the position there would have been two to one against the Government Even his removal was caused by the action of the people, in direct opposition to the Ministry, and they could claim no credit for it And the new selection (Mr Budneiv) had almost the same disqualifications, though in a less degree, showing that where an important principle was involved, there was an obtuseness of percep- tion on the part of the Ministry which rendered them uni- to maintain the position of the Government of this country. The late Government were responsible for the position Mr Wright then occupied, and that this Government was also responsible and identified with the principle, no man could question and the danger to public life was so great that this House should declare in the most emphatic manner, the impossibility of this state of circumstances again arising It had been argued by the Government and its sup- porters, that that anoiiiii*ouB state of affairs was justifiable as a matter of law under the Constitution Act, but if the people of the country bad that question submitted to them, they would say with very great acclaim, that it should not be tolerated a day longer the Ministry had said not one word shewing that they intended to amend the unsatisfactory state of the law, and this obtuseness of principle on the part of Ministers in allowing a Minister to preside over a department with which he had gigantic transactions was followed up by similar proceedings The issue which was submitted to the country was recognised by the Premier in his speech in returning thanks to the electors of the Murrumbidgee But he (Mr Gil van) asserted most emphatically that the facts altogether bore against the ten struction which the Premier had put upon the result of the elections In reference to the Land Act, he pointed out that the Government had not made a solitary) declaration in the speech from the throne or otherwise, that the) intended to amend the Land Act in any one particular It was only to be done if the Land Act was proved to require amendment, and the fur interpretation of all that had been said was that no promise had been made by the Government that any amendment would be proposed by them He laid a futher indictment repairs. the Government in connection with the change of the bank- ing business of the colony from the Bank of New South At files to the Bank of England, and proceeded to deprecate the ebony, c having been made at all, and without the knowledge or sanction of Parliament On sentimental or patriotic grounds no man would justify the change, and on financial grounds it was still more decisively to be condemned The charge for which the old bank would have done the loan business was £400 per million during the currency of the loan, but the amount paid the Bank of England was 50 per cent more, and the result to the colony was a deficit of £1200 a year during the 50 years'' currency of the loan £60,000 in social cash making an absolute actual d florence at the termination of the period of inscription of £108 000 He asked whether the representatives of the people of this country would justify that act on the part of the financial Minister, whom the) hold responsible for the exercise of those high powers It became incumbent on them to proclaim their condemnation of that act After the inscrip- tion of the stock' had been decided upon and given to the Bank of England, it was decided to float another loan and instructions had been given to the Bp ik of New South Wales to make arrangements for it. But the in matter of the Bank of England at once said that if we wanted our stock inscribed on men of by them, we must give ' them the floating of our loans If the Colonial Treasurer had been true to his high office he would have resented his interference but he did not, because found people to assist him in inflicting punishment upon a great rival, the manager of the Bank of New South Wales Now, to the conditions under which the Colonial Treasurer put up with the snub and insult put upon him the five and a half millions of the Bank of New South Wales cost Us £8121 while £27 500 it is ac inch been paid to the Bank of England Would the House justify the Colonial Treasurer in this action which resulted in a contract which was a monetary loss and loss of prestige such ashes 1 It was the clear duty of every member of the House who recognised the great principle he put forward in the late Parliament, and recognising it in the speech of the Premier in returning thanks to his own constituency, to come to a decision in the matters he had referred to If they believed that these transactions should obtain between Ministers of the Crown and the officers of their departments they would of course vote for retaining Minister s m office, but not other wise If the Government admitted the unsoundness, of their position they should have brought down a message announcing that the Constitution Act should be amended in that direction The fact that the Hon the Colonial Secretary (Sir Patrick Jennings) had come back to them give the Ministry no absolution in their eyes the only thing was to proclaim an emphatic strain that Ministers who advocated such insane opinions must not and should not retain their seats on the Treasury benches Mr W CLARKE (hear, hear) said that the peculiar character of the speeches cMivorcdin that House to-night in condensation of the present Administration made hon members consider how they should vote and speak, and as he did not wish to speak to-night he moved that the debate be adjourned until to-morrow evening The motion was agreed to, and the resumption of the debate made an order of the day for next evening, to take precedence of all other business At 10 29 p in the House adjourned until 4 pm. next 