Lightwares. By a Pedlar. That every line -which written here may be I Goto its mark, airtight and unerriniclj-; ? That every laugh beclean and fairly buught; I That condemnation never go ucn'm^bt ; - ? Tti at, cut or thrust or lent upproviaic cheer. ~ I Aim mar be honest, thought *uti pa.-pus.; cluar. ? What a lucky thing it is to be first ! lucky even in ? being the fkst. to be lost. The nn-t lost children, or I the first who obtained fair advertisement, were the I youngsters who wandeied away from the hut on the I Wimmeta, in Victoria, the country of Marcus I Clarke's ' Pretty Dick,' who were found wrapped up I in leaves and bough, the eldest having taken off her * I petticoat to keep the little one warm. They got into the a papers, those Wimmera children, and somehow into 9 the sympathy of the world. Their pictures, or rather pictures which were supposed to be theirs, appeared in all the papers, from the Illustrated News to the British Workman, and enough money was gathered to provide them with a liberal endowment. Eight yeara ago I saw the ' Little Dick '' of that party, a stalwart young settler, upon an oak-bounded plain, and heard that the little girl had become a prosperous wife and mother ; but how many children have been It at 6ince that time, and how briet, how shallow, bas been the interest ia their fate ! Do you remember that woman who, with her young hero of a boj and a baby, was lost in the Tumut bush a while ago; how she travelled till the babe died in her arms, and then went away for help, and bade the young Casabiar.ca keep watch by the dead baby until she should return ? Does it recur to you how true he was to his trust, and does it not seem reasonable that bo stanch a boy should hare the large-t opportunity and the fullest encouragement to develop his germ of noble manhood r' He is too good for sawing, or splitting, or bullock-driving, that lad; but nobody heeds him. Nor is it probable that many people will heed the fate of the littlegirl Clara Crosby, who, we are told, was lost in the Gipp4and bush three weeks ago, and was found alive near Cockatoo Creek onTuesday in a terribly emaciated condition and unable to stand; without clothing, and with limbs and body badly lacerated. The child says she had lived on guru leaves and water during the whole time, which is the strongest testi mony, -perhaps, to the marvellous properties of gum leaves that has yet been made. Three weeks in the Gippsland scrub, higher than the nialee, denser than any pine, and in wintry weather ! Some strange energy or strong vitality must have sustained her — a quality as well worthy of being nursed and trained as the heroism noted in other cases. We ought not to lose sight of these young surviving heroes and sufferers of the bush. There is stuff in them which is by no means plentiful in the world. It is somewhat of a sorry subject, however, this of wandered weans. Let us change it for comedy ; and what better comedy could be imagined than that recently performed at Newcastle by the hairdressers and tailors ? The hairdressers and tailors resolved to play cricket, and, as they were by no means certain as to the attractive power of their cricket, bethought them that it might be advisable to play the fool also. And so they arrayed themselves in fancy costume and went up to the asylum giounds. Whereupon, it is said, the master of the asylum ordered a general muster and turned all his charges outside. ' One never knows what the force of example may be,' he said ; and certainly they will be able to look upon some men who have reached a greater height in folly then themselves. Dr. Manning, who is perhaps the best or the most appropriately placed official in the colony, has issued his annual report, in which he puts together all the statistics of the year's lunacy, and reckons up as far as he U able (never pretending to be ia every case able) the causes cf the madness. Amongst other causes he puts down, as might have been expected, the Salvation Army ! Yes, he »ays it plainly, the Salvation Army is responsible for some of the occupants of his wards. Now this, though strictly true, is somewhat hard on the army, because while all the world will hear of the cases which have been sent by the army to the asylum, very few people will consider the numbers kept out. The army is essentially a mad institution; its motto might be ♦'Similia similibus curantur.' It engrafts a new form of disease upon the old 6tock, and trusts its own influences to control all the vagrant nhoots. It gets a man to beat a drum end to quit beating his wife ; to shout blood and fire hymns instead of howling blasphemies ; to rant and to roar in glory and jubilation instead of in anger and hatred and obscenity. It inoculates a hundred men with a better form of madness than that they have endured from their youth where it pricks one so that he becomes dangerous to the peace. Yes, fairly judged, the army will be found in cer tain circumstances to be a healing and a useful influence ; and who can conceive of circumstances better adapted for real bow-wow army work than the island kingdom of Tcnga just now? It is a far cry, to Tonga ; but Tonga of late has bawled so loudly and eo discordantly that its voiee has come to us over all the waters. Tonga a few years back fell under the domination of the Wesleyan Churci, and then practically into the hands of a certain magnate of that Church, the Her. Shirley Baker— a greasy sort of creature, who ?would fall naturally into some savage ways, but with a sort of strong brute force that, pitted against other brute force, would probably prevail— meek sort of creature in the great city, who prates about how, in God's providence, he has lost £500 in a certain transaction with, a tradesman, yet hoped, by God's blessing, to make a _ few thousands from certain transactions 'with natives; but in the island, having got the conscience of the king in keeping— a most tjrannical monster — and pos sessed of the idea of having rot only a king and^a kingdom, but a£hurch of his own, he has, or his king has, declared war upon the existing Church, and the conduct of that war is described as vigorous. The kingdom is in a ferment ; and it has been pointed out how at present a most magnificent opportunity exists for an army entrance. Tis amusing to think of the probable results of army work in Tonga— of the effects of blood and fire wastcoats and salvation collars, and hallelujah lasses with tambourines — and hallelujah sergeants with drums and trumpets upon the natives unfamiliar ?with anything more stirring than Wesley's hymns and Weeleyan sermons and tithes. How the old king would pluck up and grunt, ' Good ! Good !'' How the court would begin to dance and the camp to shout. How the knees of the honorable and reverent controller would tremble! How his blood would become as water, and his billet not ?worth salt ! I believe that at the roll of the Salvation Army drums and the rattle of their tambourines the ?whole system of Bakerism, which in justice we must eay is not exactly synonymous with Wesleyanism, would come down like Jericho's walls at the blast of Joshua's trumpets'. And what then? Having no special gift of prophecy, I cannot say; but it is rumoured that the Hon. and Rev. Shirley Baker knows so well what would be likely to happen that he has a better chance of being elected president of the General Wesleyan Conference than a Salvation Army Captain has of displaying his uniform in Tonga. We do not bestow much attention upon Tonga here — do not know and do not care to know much about Tonga, even though women be flogged and men in vited to jump over the cliffs or enter the new Church. It does not get into history— somehow is missed, as other great matters are missed. Who remembers, or who noted, now a week ago, that President Barrios, of Guatemala, had invaded San Salvador with an army of 15,000 men, but had been defeated with a loss of 1500 ? Yet it was rather a big thing even in the world's record, and prompted some few people to think a little of Guatamala and of Barrios, and to dis cover what a marvellous, great, and lucky fellow this Barrios was. He vras the elected President of a free republic of about 2,000,000 people, who paid him the liberal sum of £60,000 per annum to rule over them, and provided him with three palaces for purposes of government and residence. Was it a marvel that he had to lead his troops to war that he felt his throne shaking, and had to blow of steam in some direction or other to avoid a burst up of the home boiler ? £60,000 a year and pickings, moreover ! But why did not Barrios realise and bolt? Some other adventurer would surely have made him an offer, and anything would have been cheaper for the country and sater for himself than war. Americans, pondering these matters, however, say, Is it not time that we were making down that 'way. And who, sanctioning the Russian advance upon Asia and having any moderate regard for the require ments of humanity, will answer nay ? In the matter of war, the important news, of course, Is the dribbled-out confirmation of the understanding arrived at with Russia. There are many people who do not like that understanding — who, at all risks and costs, would have war ; and there are some amongst them — old English fire-eaters— who do not recognise any risk at all — who will say plainly that England is and must be invincible. I said to one such veteran, 'There might be a great combination against us. Germ-uiy might join, and Austria.' He replied : nIt wuld not matter. Italy might go, and Turkey also; and India might revolt; and China might awake and cross the big wall, with intent to divide the spoil ; but still there would be no danger, for I do not believe that God would permit the English armies to be defeated.' What can you do with so etanch a Christian Englishman as that? Nothing, perhaps, beyond pray that he may never have a large share in the government of the race in which he has luch an implicit belief. The old soldier recalls an old story of a garcon who waited upon an old gentleman who, carefully stowed in his cellar, had a few dozen bottles of a marvellous old vintage. A friend, whose palate was not educated to the perfect discernment of degrees in wines, dined with the old gentleman, and, drinking rather to quench thirst than to please appetite, he poured out a glasB of the apotheosised juice and pre pared to dilute it ; but the venerable drawer placed a hand upon his arm, and said in an awful voice, *' God will never forgive you if you water that wine.' 1 Poor garoon ! he was true to his instincts. There was something sacramental to him in that wine which had matured so long. It was the very bleod of Bacchus ; he who had drank it might boatt with the poet that he 'on honey dew had fed and supped the milk of Paradise.' Which brings to mind an incident following closely upon the last Tattersall's race meeting. ?? I understand it now,' said one who dis played, indeed, the wild ecstatic joy which is sup posed to accompany revelation. I understand it all — Close your eyes with holy dread, And weave a circle round him thrice, For he on honej-dew hatb fed, And supped the milk of Paradise. What do you understand ? Have you had a vision or 6een a ghost ? ' No, fool ; no. I— I— have won a double.' You remember, it was Honeydew's double that day — Royal Stakes and Birthday Cup ? A little party in Melbourne seeni also to have won a double— the first leg in in making their haul, the second in getting clear off with it. They robbed a bank in the city in clear daylight, at 10 o'clock ; tied up the clerks and. emptied the safe, and walked out of ihe door and away. How did they get inr Well, though the lower 'windows of the place were recently grated, the top ones were not even provided with fastenings, and the top rooms were empty, and into these top rooms the robbers crept, and then watched all the procedure, and planned accordingly. The bank that afforded euch opportunity for planning and committing crime deserves to lose its money — is in fact by its culpable carelessness practically an accessory before the fact, and not an accessory to this one crime only, but to the whole bulk of the crime of \- the colony. It is a deep and a true old saying that opportunity makes the thief. ' Lie heavy on him earth,' said the epitaph of the builder. Be heavy on him, for it is but just retri bution. But it is not builders only who are now load ing poor mother earth, and not brick end stone alone that have to be borne. A sale was reported on Wednesday last, or, rather,- a transaction, wherein a certain block of land' in Pitt-Bteeet was leased for 21 years at £47 per foot per »Mtt«n- . Realise it ! One. poor foot of land, or, . ?Hther, one poor strip juat 12 inches broad and 135 feet long, to earn £47 per annum ; as much as a domestic servant, a stout ploughman, or trusted shep herd can earn. How is it done ? How can jou make that ribbon of land earn a good man's wages — earn more than is paid per annum for many a 10,000-acre block in the pastoral districts ? I cannot 6ay. It must remain, tor me at least, a conundrum only to be solved by wiser heads. Tnere is wisdom at times in leaving things un meddled with which are not thoroughly under stood, and often there comes a great downfall through a little, a very little, mistake, as is illustrated in the little story told by a quiet and canny stewardess of one of the great ocean boats. A very great Austra lian lady was Journeying home, and was free and fluent in conversation as to her project Her own tongue would not suffice her ; she must needs cross the boundary and get upon slippery ground; and thus she said, after heaping up descriptions of ?upholstery and cabinet work, ' You know I 6hall get just what I like, for my husband has given me faux pas in furnishing the new house.' 