The Salvation Armi (Bv the Rev. John Bovss!) [The following is the sermon pryaclicil afcl'errara Wcsleyan Church, on the uightof JSuuday, 'jthcSSth ?ult. ; and as it has been the subjcct of soinc mis representation and misconception, as circulated in the garbled form ^iven to it by the defective niomories of u napprectativc minds, we have obtained the permission of tlie rev. author to give the text ill full to our reailera. It is, however, to be unilur : stood that 110 discussion whatever on tile subject will bo permitted in these columns. — Ed. S. J'.] Tmrs snith the Lohi- : St-uul ye in the ways, ami see ami ask for the olil paths, where is the ^ood way, anil walk therein. Jer. eh. vi— lu. \ Tho instrinsic vuluo of uttoranccjj is, of course, precisely tho samo whothor it jprocood from tho mouth of Shakespore or of Sawney. But tho wiso sayings of tho world have soldoui beon spokon by fools. What concourse; hath Ilodgo with Bacon? Lilto producos liko. AVhon you hoar a noodlo mouthing a wiso or bouutiful braiul-now phraso or vorse, wiito him down ' briu 11- burglar, and hand liim over to tho litorury polioo. Ou this principle ill propor tion to tho mental or moral calibre of a man, ?we guago tho vuluo of his shot. Tho serious utterance of a man. has worth according to tho quality of his braiu or his heart, or of both. Character, of itself, is powerlesito coin ?tho speech of wisdom ; for character^nwjj exist apnrt from miudl Geuius alone- has puwor to zniut tho accumulated experience of mankind into words that shall shine as the stars W'ne for ovor and ever. A ptovorb has been well dofined as tlio wisdom of many and tho wit of ono. Men of genius 'are the spokosmeu of tho race. They sayiiwhat the world has long felt but vainly striven to* express. We toad, and fuel as wo road, that tho thing has boon said once aud for all. You cannot gild refined gold. Somo foolish persons imagine othorwise, and make tho attempt. Por example: ' Blossol are tho . puro in heart, for thoy shall soo Goil.' , Hero ' .wo havo a diamond of tho purost water — . wnndrously simple and profound. Hut it isquito too siinplo for tho olaborato creatures ? afore mentioned. So thoy recut tho stone somewhat ? uftorthisinuunei': ' Bonediuticns attend upljm tho. undefilod in ? spiritual constitutions,-. lor thoy shall bohold the high and lofty; One - which inhabitoth Eternity.'' - This sort ot thing I call,' gilding refined gold with solder. But plain minded men 11 ml woiuon; 1 aro-: weak ouijiighsto ; aduaire and love and trust tho jewel, ?'just as it is — infatuated enough to think that Browning and Carlyle arot-porhaps, a trifle mora competent to voice tho needs of tho 19th century, than the brainless bundles of conventionality I.hiivo just alltiJod to. On this wise, then, the words of a great writer, uocomo endorsed by his nation, and aro used so familiarly that few suspect thoir origin. Scores of Pope's phrases are current in our ordinary speech; huuilrodsof Shui^jspora's; thousands of tho bible's. The rends that would \- appoar in tho garment of English speefch, if all . biblical phrases were withdrawn from circula tion, can hardly be computed. /Such a with . drawl, however,, is nut possible, a The book has become part and parcel of our ''tongue, both spokon und writton ; tho fabric of our language is shot through and through with its superb siui phcitos. It has imparted to our .speech,-., plain- ? noss and riehnoss forover. But, far surpassing its literary power :and, charui upon th6 , English speaking ]iooples; has beon its moral ar.fl spmtaul eilect , and, liidoed, tho -reason , is not .fai to book , ioi, if tho mspuatiou of 'genius bo so potent, what ought tho inspiiatioh of rovola tion to beJ ShuUospore's book is Wi eat ; 1 but God's book is, necess inly, greats. In that ; - book wo have -the words of th-v^oiintuin of genius, anil of all things. Lot u\ listen -with bared hoads. Ben Johnson said J that whau,,. , Bacon spoke,, mon wore so eurapt ib his iluout, golden speech that ,thoy.feured lost he should make an ending. How much tho. more should ;f-* men hang 011 tho lips of Bacon's Milker! Let us-.put our ;shoos trorn off our foot, for tho ' place wheroon wo stand is holy giound. Tho . ., \ conservative injunction ot our toxt is a direct injunction of God: ' Thus 3111th the Cord.' ' I think wo may regard all biblo uttoraueos with this prefix, as moro than usually, weighty,' oven. 'Thus saith tho Lord.'! The word of . an earthly lord has groat weight with monarchists ; and oven moro weight with republicans; .who, thooritically ruvo so. eloquently about the equality of man. Tho lciost radical thaws 111 tho smilo of a poor ; aud Yankee millionaires, on behalf of only daughters, lio in wait to onsnair him 111 his goings. Alas tor human consistency! Now I havo 110 wish to .blas pheme the peorago ; but, if tho word of a lord goes so far, what about tho word ot tho LordofLords? He now spoaks : ' Thus saith the Lord,' oto. ; now this is a thoroughgoing \- Tory toxt; and 111 these . days, when froo lovo, dynamite, nihilism; and uinversulisin, aro the party ones of tho vanguard of progress, I main - tain thut a patriot und a. Christian has no : ultornativo but to remain a Tory of tho Tories Now, then, to tho command of our toxt. By tho phrases, ?' The I Vuys,' ' the old paths,' ' the -/ood ways,' is mount of course, tho way of : Salvation; not tho ways of tho Salvation Armv ; : - but the way of ropontauco, faith, and holiuoss. ' This wav is spokon of us, ' tho old paths,' ' the good way;'- Let us blond tho two, and speak of the way as ' the good old path.' And ? ' lot ine speak of all tho othor ways, as ' tho ' bud, now paths.' Now, nownoss is not necessarily synonymous with bad ness. In 'literature, science, and art; 111 social, oomineroial, polilicul, and even occlo. i is tioal oconomy, much that is now is not only nut ; lad, but decidedly gaud— an advanco for tho better on all -previous achievements. But, 111 the domain of Christiuuity as upait liom Etule siasticisin, which latter coucorns the lotter and not tho spirit of the formor ; iu tho domain of Christianity, I say, thoro can bo nothing now that is truo, or truo that is now. Tho fall of man, tho redemption of man, tho mothod by which that redemption is mado available to man — aro truths which can never be alterod, never bo improved upon. Thoy aro ovor tho samo. As well might 0110 think of improving upon tho sun, tho moon and tho stars, in tho physical, as of improving upon thoso, in tho spiritual sphoro. Iboy are for all timo. God loft tho variod roalms of art and scionco to bo opened up by man. The brain of tho race would ^avp liqui fiod, and its heart ossifiod, had o\K)iVtliing beon dono for it; nothing loft fon-5t ro do. And tho rosult of this policy in subliming tho mind, und ennobling tho hoart, and girding up the loins, of tho raco, has boeu glorious beyond words to paint. Wo, tho hoirs, of all tho ages, aro, in this rogard, fabulously rich, and evory succeeding generation will be richor still, as a snowball enlarges its diamoter with ovory revo lution, But the spiritual valuo, that wherein man was to find his highest and only per fect and comploto dovolopmont, God took into His own kooping. Immediately oyer tho des pairing darkness of the fall rosoa star of hopo . through tho patriarchal, judicial, and monarchi 0 dynasties, such stars multiplied and constol- | latod ; with the advont of tho prophets starlight j diod in dawn ; and when tho Mau of Calvary, I in oclipso aud in oarthquako, gave up tho ghost, sunrise srait tho universo. Onco aud for all, man fell. Onco and for all man has boon rodoomod. Onceand for all tho placo of rogenorationhas beon rnarkod out. Two and two mako four ; thoy always havo mado fmir ; thoy always will. No conceivable advaucouiont iu research and cul ture will avail to mako two and two count five. Thoy mako four now ; thoy will muke four to evoi lasting. Just so is it with, the laws of tho spiritual realm. Tho Ten Commaudmouts are a porpetual obligation. So is the sorinou 011 tho Mount. Somo things aro in tho nature of thom, temporal. Thoy contain within themselves tho soeds.of thoir own dissolution. „Qt)tor things are in thoir very nature oternul. Ij'ot^oViniplo : Sin, holiness, heaven, hell; ' uod\ raitan. As the aforesaid peoplo are so knowing aud ad vanced as to brand the b iblo with buing weak, narrow, and antiquated, why do tluiy not go a stop furthor and fuston tho same stigma upon tho Author of the book— God f An author is hardly likoly to bo greator than his work. Dear hoarers, horo you have the uii3poakably | shocking conclusion to this lino of argumont. Alas, that mail, who was made to soar so high, should sink so low ! Anil why, lot mo put it to you, why do men so willingly and joyously make unto thomsolves new, bad, piWi#, wlion the good, old path, the boaten track, the King's high road might bo theirs to tread ?? Alas,' for thoanswor! The now roads are the roads of solf-indulgoneo ; tho old road, that of solf-donial. l'ho new teachors say, ' Pleaso thyself the old, 'Please God.', And tlio outcomo of this lax creed is: Uuivorsalism. Tho uow religions allow you to do just as you ploase ; ;uml also guarantee to laud you high and ? dry, 011 ;; the hoavonly shore at last ; for they would count it. highly unhandsoinov to damn their adherents in the long run. All ' such ; teaching, I/nood scarcely say, is totally without warrant in morals, in religion, aud in revelation. All such teaching springs from depravity of . mind and heart. Tho wi-jh is father to the thought. Tho thought is father to tho orood. Tlie Godly have no longing for such a orood. Thoir soul abhors it. Their moat aud their drinks, to (tlo the will of thoir Father which is in Hoitou.^JIis ser vice, for thom, is perfect froodotnr~Il'isjj'--ko is, easy and His burdon is light. The old way is their way ; thoy know no; othor, and euro, for none. ' Wise men do not fling awav gold , to clutch dross. And the old path is'good, not only as regards its doctrine, which substantially is the same in all Christian churohes of the Protestant persuasion ; but it is likowiso good as respects its polity^ Some churchos are certainly much older than others; but tlio youngest of tho Protestant Churches, with any claim to magni tude, is the Wosleyan Church; and that at tho present time is 130 yoars 'old. As rogarda the youuger mombors of tho Mothodist communion, what I am now about to say, will, in the main, ipply to thom also ; for not only do thoy en dorse and expound our doctrine in its outirety, but their polity and ordor of sorvico diffor frnui ours only iu a few minor mattors, Our Church, [ say,- is 150 years old ; and othor things being equal,, antiquity is a powerful argument iu favour of an institution. But someone may ?iwk here, ' Were there not Protestant Churches enough in,* the world before Mothodism was started ? Woro not tho old ways sufficient for .1 ohn Wesley as woll as for us ? The text stood thon as it stands now. ' Why did not he abide by it ;1' Lear hoarers, John Wesley ^introduced 110 new trull into tho world, ho o^ily, revived old truth. All ho taught so prfivbr^ir^\nd; suc cessfully had always oxistediiii'-thB^iblo. He stiuok out no how path of belief; He dimply cloared away tho obstructions that had accumu lated 011 tho old. Then as regards the polity and ordor of worship ho instituted ; they are regului' praotical and statesmauliko. Our members should givo, during a period of trial, proofs of a change of heart as a requisite to admission into full membership. Our leaders, and other lay officers, should bo men of more than usual gifts and graces. Our ministers should be tho pick of our lay preachers, and undergo a long aud sevoro probation before ordination. (Our lay preachers should bo well testod before passing from exhortership to full local preaohership.) Our Chairmon of district should bo carefully culled from tho ministerial ranxs. And our Presidents should bo tho bright consummate flower of our Clergy I Our order of public service ; our method in class meeting, prayer mooting, eto., aro the outcome of a master mi^d, ordorly and reverent in tho highest dogreo ; aud, in proper hands, need uover degenerate into irroveronco and tumult. No Church, by reason ot its polity aud regulations, is bettor able to act up to the bible injunction : ' Let all things be done decently aud in order.' Even tho field proaehing of tho foundor of Methodism was murked by reason, logic, and calm. It was the preaching of a scholar, a thinker, a gontloman, aud a Christian. And to orown the uiovonient our Church produced a Christian poet\vhq|se„hVinns, for u happy blending of Gospol truth, theological accuracy, and spiritual experience, to say nothing of their great literary merit, have never been equalled. Our founder gave us a dootriue, biblical, compact, plain, practical; a polity aud uu order of service, simple, deceut, compre hensive, und affective in tho highest dogroo ; and his brother bequoathod us a divino psalmody which stands alono nnd unapproachable, Thus tho throe ossontial conditions, in my judgment, for tho founding of a Church at onco conserva tive and democratic, mot in thoso mon. Such combination was novor seen boforo. Iu all probability tho world will novor soo its liko again. Furthor, tho stato of religion in Euglund, aud in Christondoin gonorally, last century, rendered tho work of tho Wesloys a storn neces sity. Necessity was laid upon thom to proach tho gospol, and to proach it in thoir own way. If tho world was to bo saved for God, thoy must savo it. Tako tho state of England : Vico was rampant ; atheism was blatant throughout tho land. Tho most intluontial thinkers of tho timo, savo 0110 or two, confidently prodictod tho outiro extinction of Christianity boforo tho ond of tho century, as a mattor of courso. And boliovors in tho biblo, Christianity, and tho Church, wero deemed to bo weak in mind, or liopolossly behind tho ago— fit targots for tho arrows of thoso whoso impurity of heart and of lifo lnado it impossiblo thoy should soo God, oither in Ilis works, His word, or His Church ; for sin producos total spiritual blinduoss. Society was cynical, disso luto, and atheistic. Tho masses woro ignorant and brutal. Tho Churchos of tho land woro altogothor unequal and unworthy to cope with this stato of things ; for tho Established Church was sunkon ill apathy, stooped in worldliness, loavonod with froethought, and not atall avorso from sin ; aud tho congregations woro cold and rationalistic. Horo, thon, was a crying need ill spiritual affairs. Tho salvation of Christondom seomod at stako ; for Christondom was rapidly bocoming Christondom uolongor, but devildom, with all that dreadful, far reaching word implies. And with tho fall of Christondom, what was to bocome of heathendom ? This seemed to bo tho quostion at that timo :' Is God, or Satan, to rule tho world ? Are all future generations of men to remain in sin, and people holl ; or repent, boliove, remain faithful unto death and pooplo Heaven ? Is Christ's Atonomont in its praotical effect to count for nothing, or is it to count for something, and, ovontually, for everything? Here, I say, wus an awful omorgoncy, anil to a man walking by sight, not faith, tho odds soomed to be immensely in favour of sin, hell, aud the , devil. But to the man wulkiug by faith, not sight, it was not a matter of odds atnll but ono of simple certainty for Holiuoss, Hoaven and God. The issuo could seem .dubious only to the iguoruueo und shortsighted-: ne8s ofjpin. God has nover loft himself without witnesses. When Elijah, undor the juniper troo, thought himsolf to. be tr solitary witness for the God of Israel, ho was assured by ; an; angel that thoro woro: yet smcii thousand -in Israel, who had not bowed tho kneo to Biiul. Tho darkest hour, wo aro told, is tho hour be fore dtiwti: And this is truo, spiritually us woll us physically. The rise of -Methodism signally, illustrutos this truth. When tlio devil seoms in the very act of annexing tho world, God visibly steps in and claims it for Ilis own. ( Continual 011 our second page. J 