SPORTING. Bv " CENTAUH.'* To-morrow opens the Australian Cup meeting, and with fine weather a laiffo muster of tho public, may be expected. The iirst race of,the meeting is a new ono, viz., tlio • Esscndon Stakes, which wdl he won by Malua or Gommotioii, \- io ciisuro a'-iilacc lor the latter, Plausible will he *ent to cut-out the :ruiinnig, so in tlie event of JIaluafi:t»rlmg a ^reat ratemayhee^fctecL lhcAsti.l Valo StaV^-fljigliV' 1 ®^ ^pn-iy "Wllito's best, with Eyic or Dnnlop to au second plnce The fit ipger ought to'lind a good iield numerically at;.the post; the best of whom I wotld. take ,lo, ,bo Moznvt, David, and. .Silver . King; The big race of the day.coincs next, the Ncwmnrlcot Handicap. xV very largo field will face the starter, which makes it all the more difitciilt to pick, and after -hearing of wonderful gallops performed by impossible winners, drcauis probable and hnprobaiilc by bad sleepers, aiid all the thousand and pile, yarns which are the usual accompaniments of grentevents on the turf, I have-arrived at the conelusion that the winner is concealed in tlie following half-dozen:—The Ghost, Conihgshy,'Prometlidus, Sheet Anchor, Auclior, Leporello, and Sir Garnet, and for first, socond and third would place Prometheus, The &liost;, aud Sir Garnet. The Brunswick Stalicis will be won for the third time consecutively by Anglesey if he tries, and next to him I fancy Conjecture and Duration., The Hopeful Stakes should lift won by Hon. J. White's representative. On Thursday tlia racing coiuuionccs with the Hurdle Hace for which I like The Agentj Doii Quixote and Suudbwner, the Produce Stakes ought to be won by tho Hon. Whites host and the Corinthian Cup by DurationorColstoun. The Australian Cup comes next next,-I think' Wibbli'S; representative will win, with Acblytc an4.. Cpuimotion next best.' The" Steeplechase is open, I fancy Mernder, Clarence or 1'rickett. Mr. Cox has a -meeting on Monday at Mooriee Valley, ianiougst the entries are visitors from tho sister colonies which -will, make the racing of a wore than usually interesting character, with. (mo wcathcr.I liave iio doubt 'there will be a huge attendance.: >Vyndhammealing stakes place on 