SPORTING NOT US. THE TURK. MELBOURNE CUP DAY. [BY THE " NOVICE."] Cup Day, looked forward to by thousands ox person* ia all parts of Australasia, has again come around, and tlia oxcitemcnt earned by the running of this, now historical, event is as great as evor. In fact, greater interest appears to be taken from year to year in the Cup race, and all from the wealthy squattor and ininn-owner to the parcels' boy in a draper's shop must speculate according, and at times above their means. Almostas much money is speculated in up-country districts, and especially in Sandhurst, upon this race as there is in Molbourno for weeks prior to the running. This year is 110 exception to the rule, and the local bookmakers, who ply their avocations under the Verandah have been kept continually pencilling wsgers both "straight out" and in "doubles." The latter method of putting on a few pounds generally suits the layer of the odds, hut upon the present occasion it must bj a very lank outsider to win the Cup ' to givo the bookmakers " a skinner." With the great gun Nordenfeldt nearly every other horse in the race has been doubled, and judging by reports from the knowing ones, our local bookies will have to pay over. Saturday's racing opened badly for tlio layers, three first favorites out of tho six winning, whilst a second favorite, in Trenton, put an additional few pounds in the pub'ic'a pockets. To-day's racing will be the most open for some time past, the Cup in particular attracting the greatest atten tion. Since tho win of Nordenfeldt for the Derby, this horse has become a groat favorite and backed to win a great quantity of money. The running of Sheet Anchor in the Melbourno Stakes caused an inquiry for the horse, and nothing more than £15 to 1 was offered. Tho race in my opinion is an open one, and I venture to place Sheet Anchor, 1; Trenton, 2; St. John, 3. RAILWAY STAKES.-Cyclops, 1; Winchester, 2. KENSINGTON STAKES.-Halycon, 1 HURDLE RACK.-The Agent, 1; Duration, 2; Gasalier, 3. YAN" YEAN STAKES.-Middlemarch, 1; Marie Lonise, 2. "Hippos" tips for the Cup, Plausible, 1; Acolyte, 2; Brown and Rose, 3. AMONGST THE TIPSTERS. " Vigilant" in the Sportsman tips-' RAILWAY STAKES.-Cyclops, 1. HoitnLie RACE.-The Agent, 1; Gasalier, 2; Duration, 3. MELBOURNE COP.-Plumps for Liverpool, but places Liverpool, 1; Nordenfeldt, 2; Brown and Rose or Despot, 3. " Trumpeter" in South Australian Register MELBOURNE Cur.-No definite tip, but likes Trenton, Nordenfeldt and Brown and Rose best. "South Australian Advertisor" MELBOURNE CUP.-Tho horses having a say in the big handicap are Trenton, Liverpool, Kit Nub bles, Despot and Nordenfeldt. " Sauutsrer " in the '? South Australian Times " CUP.-Trenton, 1; Plausible, 2; St. John, 3. " Martindale," in the " Town and Countiy Jour nal " CUP.-Liverpool or Despot. " Caspian " in samo journal CUP.-Liverpool, 1; Despot, 2; Acolyte, 3, with Brown and Rose and Kit Nubbles next. "New Warrior " in the " Tribune CUP-St. John, 1; Ceriao and Blue or Brown and Rose, 2. "Nemo" in "Sydney Mail" CUP.-Nordenfeldt, 1; TrentoD, 2; Lord Exeter, 3, with Despot and Liverpool next, and St. John and Cerise and Blue as the best outsiders. " Augur" in the "Australasian" CUP-Brown and Rose or Liverpool with Corio Ianus, Plausible and Arsenal aa the best out siders. " Asmodeus" iu the " Leader" CUP.-Liverpool, I ; Stornaway, 2 ; Despot, " Newmarket" in the "Weekly Times" Cur-Nordenfeldt, l;LiverpooI, 2; Sheet Anchor 3. PROBABLE STARTERS AND RIDER3. Our Melbourne correspondent writes:-The only horse scratched for the Melbourne Cup to day was Honoydew, so that there sire still thirty eight horses left in, and the anticipation so freely indulged in that the Oaulfield disaster would con siderably reduce the Melbourne Cup field has very little chance of being realized. It looks on the contrary as if the number of starters will be equal if not superior to that of any previous year. The greatest number i3 thirty- three, which was tho uumber in 1875, 1.876 and 1SS1. Last year only twsnty- fonr faced the starter. There are so many certain winners this year, that the tipsters are likely to ba more confounded than ever, but I am inclined to fancy that Stornaway, Kit Nubbles or First Chester will bo tho hero of the year. The following "are the probable starters and ridersBlink Bonny, Blair; *Lord Wilton, -; Tom Brown, Gainsforth; Trenton, Robertson; Kit Nubbles, Burton; Coriolanus, Moore; Sheet Anchor, M. O'Brien; *Bosworth, -; Warwick, J. Gough; St. Lawrence, Cox; Plausible, Power: *Uralla, -: Liverpool, Derritt; Acolyte, Sanders; Prometheus, Trahan;Dunlop,Hutchens; Thunder bolt, Hnxtable; Gracs Darling, Williams; Storn away, Musgrove; Velocipede, Mahon; Hilltop, -; St. John, -; Despot, Kelso; Lord Exeter, Williamson; Brown and Rose, Gough; Wing, Nerriker; Nordenfeldt, Ellis; Britisher, Fallon; First Chester, Kelso; Arsenal, T. Brown; Remus, Flannagan; 'Winchester, -; Minerva, Cm-ran; Metal, Redfearn; Cyclops, Barr; Yellow Ham mer, Johnson; Cerise and Blue, Gorry; Lesbia, M'Dowall. "Doubtful starters. LATEST BUTTING, The latest local betting, as reported by Messrs B. Neal and J. Sullivan, was as follows:-Cup-5 to 1 Nordenfeldt, G to 1 Trenton, 8 to 1 Despot, 10 to 1 Liverpool, 12 to 1 Brown and Rose, 20 to 25 to 1 others. |BT ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH. I FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT. MELBOURNE, 3rd November. There was a great crowd in the rooms to-night, and some heavy business was done on the Cup. Nordenfeldt retained his position as first favorite at 5 to 1. Trenton was very firm at hundreds to 10\. Despot and Liverpool UIHO found much favor with backerB, Stornaway, Kit Nubbles, Brown and Rose, also being strongly supported. Ten thousand to four hundred were taken about Grace Darling". Cerise and Blue had a, lot of money in vested on her at hundreds to five, while Warwick came with a rattle, all the money being taken to 100 to G. Five thousand to fifty was taken about Lesbia. The following are the latest quotations: 100 to 20 Nordenfeldt offered, to 1G Trenton offered, to 12 Despot offered, to S Liverpool offered, to 6 Warwick offered, to 5 Kit Nubbles taken, Brown and Rose taken and offered, Cerise and Blue taken and offered, Stornaway offored, to 4 Motal offered, Sheet Anchor offored, 'Crn.Ua offered, Acolyte offered, Grace Darling taken, Tom Brown taken and offered,Thunderbolt offered, to 3 Lord Eieter taken and offered, Prometheus offered, St. John offered, Plausible offered, Britisher offered, Dunlop offered, to 2li First Chester, Arsonal, Cyclops, to 2 Coriolanus, Lord Wilton, Hilltop, St. Lawrence, Minerva, Blink Bonny, to 1 Velocipede, Winchester, Lesbia. MANDERS' SPORTING TELEGRAMS. (From Albert S. Manders, Telegraphic Agent.) MELBOURNE, 2nd November. The early morning was showery and gallops at Flemington merged into useful exercise. Liver pool, Trenton, and one or two others in the Cnp were there, but it was only those who had the minor distances to face who were put through use ful extenders. There are so many attractions and engagements for general turfites to-day in the matter of horse and fox terrier sales, pedestrianism, and general EBttlinu over last week's racing that, there was nothing doing of real worth at J3owes' this morn ing. For the Oup, Nordenfeldt still holds premierposi tion at 5 to 1, Trenton at a point more, with Despot and Liverpool next in demand. If any changes in the betting at all it will be with Blink Bonny or Brown and Rose. TIPS FOR TO-MORROW. RAILWAY STAKES.-Gasburner, Cyclops, Per chance. KENSINGTON STAKES.- Maddelina, Dividend, Yellow Jacket. HURDLE RACE.-Gasalier, Duration, The Agent. CUP.-Trenton, Brown and Rose, Kit Nubbles. NURSERY HANDICAP.-Murwyrtina, Tamarisk, Mistral. ' FAN YEAN STAKES.-St. John (with Btart), Im pulse, Teinpe. Tho weather is favorable and the going ought to be better. LATEST SCRATCHIXGS. ALL ENGAGEMENTS.-My Lady, St. OdiUe, Oakleigh. OAKS.-Vivacity, Ila, Marnia. M.-vuiii' PRODUCE STAKES.-Strife. CUP.-Honeydew. YAN- YEAN STAKES - Dirk Ha.tteraick, The Pencil, Waterloo, Tho Chantor. NURSERY HANDICAP.- Menotti, Tolephone. RAILWAY STAKES -The Poucil. HURDLES.-Cockboat, Huntsman. I BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPII.1 MELBOURNE, 2nd November. There wa3 an enormous crowd in the rooms, and Bourko-stroet was quito blocked to-night. The long room at the bac(c of tljo Victoria Clnb \yas so crowded with epielers and welcliers that the police wero called to clear thom out. Two fought, and there was a groat disturbance. Several were locked up. Tho settling over the Dorby was fairly satis factory. The Adelaide Tattersall'a are considering whether the wagara over Newatead should bo piid on account of the alleged shady conduct of tho scratching. The Melbourne Victoria Club will not consider the matter until Adelaide has de cided. Several books are jmpljcatee}. Warwick came with a groat rush, and a lot of money was put on up to 1,000 to 5 to 10. Thous ands were taken about him. He now standi quiet at 1,000 to 40. Brown and Roso was backed for a heap ofmoneyearly; 10,000 to lOwasoffercd against Uralla. The betting changed constantly. Acolyte went back 5 to 1 Nordenfeldtand Trenton; 100 to 10 Despot; 100 to 8 Liverpool; 100 to 5 Sheet Anchor, Brown and Rose and Stornaway; 100 to 4 Acolyte, Warwick, Metal, Lord Exeter, Kit Nubbles, Grace Dariing 100 to 3; Arsenal and Plausible; 100 to 2 Blink Bonny, First Chester, Thunderbolt, Winchester. ' DEPPABJVTPN OF WEIGHTS. . The "Herald" says;-tho foilowing weights were declared yesterday; YAN YEAN STAKES.-One mile,-Lantern, 9st lib; Middlemaroh, 8st 13!b; Chuckster^'Sst 12;b; Stafford, 8st 91b; Tho Ghost, 8st 8!b; Dirk Hatterrick, 8st 71b; Waterloo, 8at 71b; The Israelite, Set 51b; Irralee, ,8st 51b; Anchorite, 8jt 41b; St. John, 8st 31b; Winchester, 8st 31b; Thun derbolt, Sst 21b; Comet, Sat lib; Bohemian, 8st lib; Alphabet, Sat; Impulse, 7st 131b; The Agent, 7st 111b; Marrimn, 7st 101b; Country Boy, 7at lOlbj The Pencil, 7st 91b; Tempo, "7st, 91b; fsarnlea, 7at 8tbj Sippr,7sfc 81b; ^o?ular, 7et 71b; Juanna, 7st Gib; Uinborto, 7st Gib; Ravensworth, 7st Gib; Scaramouche, 7st 51b; Marie Louise, 7.-:t .lib; Ijaviv^torij 7at41b; Muscat, 7stRlb; Evie, 7st 31b; Mentmore, 7st 41b; Minerva, 7st 31b; Lucky Hit, 7st 21b; Black Diamond, 7st 21b; The Chanter, 7»t lib; Kingship, 73t lib; AVaverley, 7st; Agatha, G.;t 121b; Rebus, Cat 111b; Derision, list 101b; St. Odillc, Gat 81b; Honoycomb, G*t 71b; Meerschaum, Gst 71b; Iago, Gst 41b; Egbert, Gst 41b; Islander, Gst 41b; Sirs Jarloy, Gst 21b; AH Black, Gst; Phaon, Gst; Baron Neckar, Gst; Ragmati, Gst; Real Jain, G-.t. NUKSKKY HANDICAP (Five Furlongs.)-Acme, 9st Sib; Blairgowrie, 'Jst; Maddeliua, Sst 101b; Hidycou, Sst 91b; Louise Bertn, Sst 81b; Munwyr tiua, Sat 81b; Garibaldi, Sst 71b; The Nun, Sst 71b; Trojan, Sst .Mb; Phillip Augustus, Sst 41b; Ken neth, Sst 41b; Monotti, Sst 41b; Yule Cake, Sst 41b; Chesliam, Sst 2:b; Fobber, Sst 21b; My Lady, Sst 21b; Telephone, Sst; Utopia, 7st 131b; Bosnia, 7st 131b; Lo.d Chancellor, 7st 121b; Chuidiau, 7st 111b; Damocles, 7st 111b; Crossfire, 7st 101b; Divi dend, 7st 101b; Manxman IT, 7st 91b; Repose,_7st 71b; St Paul, 7st 71b; Gemini, 7st 71b; Devotion, 7st 51b; Tamarisk, 7st 51b; Micawber, 7stolb; Lara, 7st olb; Yollow Jacket, 7st 41b; Fernandez, 7st 41b; Geelong, 7st 4lb; Essie, 7st 41b; Mistral, 7st 21b; Mainsail, 7si 21b; Brlgantino, 7st lib; Coonoop, 7st; Retort, Gst 121b; LaCrosse, Gst 101b; Trishna, Gst 101b; Alphat, Gst 101b; Anonyma, Gst 101b; Master John, Gst 101b; Clelia, Gst 71b; Dufferin, Gst 71b. CRICKET. Southern Cross v. Eaglehawlc Juniors in Reserve to-morrow. Cross team-Brew, Brennan, Barrett, Downos, Hogan, Powell (2), Yctt, Doyle, Cummins, Grelis, Kerr, Wilkins, Stephens, M'Creeth, Tattersall, Hellis and Barry. North Sandhurst Juniors v. Excelsior in the Reserve. Juniors team-Camduff, Chamberlain, Graydorj, M'Clelland (2), Bohman, Berry, Grant, D.inelan, Bynon, Williams. Reserve-Rogers, Wainswright, Reah. Golden-squaro Juniors v. West End in the Re serve for Messrs Hutchison and Myers' cup. Golden square team-Wilson (capt.), Pollard, Murden, NVhitford, Francis, Frost, Brokenshire, Hardy, Bossolman, Comber, Evans, Seller, Doney, Blurton, Huston, Andrew, James and Dean. The second draw for Messrs Hutchison and Myers' trophy is as follows :-Montagues v. Con gregational; SVest End v. Go'iden-square Juniors; Albion B:ewery v. East Sandhurst; Excelsior a bye. Matches to be played next Wednesday. Capulets v. 13 of Excelsior in the Reserve to morrow. Capulets team-O'Neill, Conroy, Lyons, Harris, Conuellan, A. Stoke, J. Johns, Brown, Trevarrow, Barry, Hurle. Roserve - Larsen, Trayes, Bolimer, Billing, C. Stokes, R. Lammon. Crusoe v.. New Times, at Crusoe, to-morrow. Crusoe team-H. O'Donahoo, O'Neill, Fox, Doble (2), R. Stevenson, Shields, Wills, Edwards, Anderson, M'Collough, Honeybone, Campbell and Carter. Montagues v. Congregational, for Hutchison and Myers' cup, at Cherry Tree, to- morrow. Montagues team-P. Carr, Walker, Kershaw, Schier, J. Carr, Grohbrigge, M'Guiro, Waugh, A. Schier, Tier and Todd. Reserve-Bennett, M. Carr, Shegog and Bulby. Umpire-R. Carr; scorer, J. Gray. CYCLING. Messrs Gilbert, NennhofTer, Keam, and Tonkin, members of the Ramblers' Bicycling Club, started from Sandhurst to Melbourne yesterday morning on their.machines, with tlio intention of riding to .Melbourne within eleven hours. Messrs H. Howell and George Miller saw them off from the Alexan dra Fountain. Gilbert was very unfortunate, his machine breaking down between Ivyneton and Woodeud, and he was compelled to return home by the evening train. A telegram was received from Neunhoffer last evoning stating that he had reached the metropolis within the spocified time, but no word was received from the other two. Mr S. C. Lewis, tho S.C C. representative in Mel bourne, received tho riders on their arrival there. The usual committee meeting of the Ramblers' Bicycle Club was held last night. Eighty entriesjwere received for tho various events in the forthcoming sports. In consequence of all the entries not hav ing come to hand tin committee hava decided to extend the entries till Wednesday night. Attention i3 drawn to an advertisement in another column. BOWLING. A Wolsh main will be played at the Sandhurst bowling green to-morrow afternoon. 