SPORTING NEWS. SPORTING NOTES. B Y FLANEUR. Prometheus, when he Baddies up for the New market Handicap and does his preliminary amble in front of the judge's box, will enjoy the distinction of being the hottest public favorite that ever Btarted for the event. 'About 50,000 pairs of eyes will be on him, and about double that numher of pounds sterling will depend on his conduct during the 1 min. 16 seo. that 'the race will take to run. It would be arrant folly, to absolutely despise the ehanoe of a horse so genuinely and persistently backed; and far be it from me to unsettle the opinion of anyone who fancies him, but once and for all, I do not believe r he can carry Bsit 51b arid win in the time that this race will require the winner to register.. , . ~ It is deolared .by many. knowing;_old. turfites who have been carefully sighting the gallops that this Newmarket must be-done in about 1 min. 14 sec. Flaneur will bet the Black Hill against the White Hill, that :Malua’s::time-;will not be beaten for years to come. All sorts and sizes of yarns are being spun about the dark and daylight doings of several horses. Some of the old . crocks, who oan scarcely raise a gallop,'have been - credited-with time that would run the Flying Scotchman off the rails. -• . Where is Sir Garnet now ? Why, up to his neck in the betting. Where will Sir .'Garnet ; be when the race is being run ? Why, in it, of course.. But. although in the race and on the course, be will be out of it at the finish. The owner of Prometheus, Mr Whittingham, is regarded as one of the most perpendicular men on tile turf.. When the backing- public fancy a horse and have faith in the owner, they plank their pieoes cheerfully. : Mr Whittingham has twice won the Newmarket in 1880 and 1881, and on both occasions with Aspen.' Alec. Robertson will steer Sulvo; .Nicholson, Surrey: Cracknel), Coronet; Williamson. Sheet Anchor; Moore, Alphabet; M. O’Brien, Veloci pede; Sandors, Amelia Victoria; Murphy, Pro metheus; and Trahan, The Ghost. The Sportsman says the question ns to" how much money could be obtained from the book makers. against a Newmarket Handicap horse cropped up in course of a discussion at the rooms last night, and the general consensus of opinion was that the ring is good for £BO,OOO on the Handicap, and £120,000 on a Melbourne Cup. I fahey the figures might: safely; be ex panded. Welcome Jack, a Traducer, is the handsomest horse training at Flemington. Among equines he is an Apollo Belvidere. AU the Tgaducors are splendidly built horses and most graceful goers. . If Jack strips for the Newmarket the others will be made to travel. At the Doncaster races on Saturday last, Czar, a horse that ran Zulu a good second for the Cup in 1881, finished last in a field of hacks. “Im perial Cce3ar, dead and turned to clay.” Stay! it is irreverent to introduce Shakspeare into such a column. Joe Thompson, with his Boanerges voice, will most prohably be absent from Flemington during the V R.C. Autumn. lam pleased to record the fact that he is nearly well, but his medical adviser insists on perfeot rest and freedom from excitement. Neither of these commodities are to be obtained in wholesale quantities on the Flemington course. The other bookies are all getting on famously, and bar Barnard, will -most likely put in an appearance. Hales is sufficiently recovered to be able to ride work at Flomiugton. He will probably steer the Mascotte. There are about a score of horses in the New market that can do the six furlongs within a tick of each other. The race practically resolves itself, therefore, into a good get away. Flaneur will take a shade of odds that not more than half a dozen out of 150 racing prophets will diagnose the winner, and he will take two shades that every man Jack of them misses it. The Seymour race meeting was very successful. Great and much needed improvements had been effected. At the Baywood races on Wednesday, the Trial Stakes, Rsywood Handicap, and Bailway Stakes were won by Bookmaker, a horse who had been running seconds at ClUnes and Smeaton. A match for £lOOO a side is on the tapis between Malua and Welcome Jack. If the dis tance is two miles, and Malua gives Jack a stone, why then the Maorilander should beat the Tasmanian. Prometheus has eased in the betting, and is now steady at To. Sir Garnet did a gallop on Wednesday after noon that sent him up from 17’s to 10's. None of the gallops yet recorded are good enough to win the Newmarket. Sensational gallopping and severe trials a day or two before a big race do horsos a deal of harm. Many a big prize has been left on the training ground. Garfield has been backed for £10,600 at 20's, Coronet has £15,000 entrusted to him. Meander’s owner came into the ring and offered to take £lO,OOO to £3OO about his horse, but the pencillers would not accommodate him. £3OO lost to them for ever, as Meander has since been scratched. Benny, the Victorian swimming champion, was beaten by Moore, the South Australian champion. The ten mile race between O'Connor and Power was one of the grandest long distance races ever run in Victoria. Hsoh man stuck to his man for the whole distance, and a deter mined and brilliant struggle in the la9t quarter of a mine resulted in a win for O’Connor. Hav ing seen some of his New Zealand records, “ Flaneur” tipped the man from Timaru to win, and he did so gallantly. Legrand’s accident is more serious than was at first supposed, and it is not improbable that he will have to be destroyed. Asa sire be would have been invaluable. The comparing of books for Champion, Aus tralian Cup, and Newmarket will take place at the rooms to-night: All the horses backed for money straight out have been left in the Newmarket. Malua, Meander, Meteor, Berkeley, Archie, and a few others had a stray £1 or £2 put on at outside shows, hut the scratched division does not repre sent much lost money. The weights for the Streatham Races appear in this issue, and from a hasty glance at them I am of opinion that the imposts have been well ad justed. The great art of handicapping is to bring horses well together, and this has certainly been done in the present instance. I will take another of reviewing the chances of the runners, but at present nothing seems to be sticking out. With such a handicap acceptances should be full. The Creswick races will take place to-day. Fields are fairly numerous, and the sport should be interesting. Wiih a run I expect the following to be about:— Maiden Plate. Flywheel or Fire Maid. Hurdle Race. Starfish, Bing of the Forest, Schoolboy should finish as written. Selling Race. Mary Blaue or Wire In. Ladies’ Purse. Blue Mountain or Lubra. Trot. Gentle Annie, Tomboy, Bobby Dazzler, to run 1\. 2,3. 