... ITEMS OF NEiWS. In tho Legislative Asaomtily last night, after the . usual questions had been asked and ansnrored, the debate on the Address iii Reply to the Governor's SpOecli was resumed by Lien- tenant-Colonel Smilli, who at'tackod tho Minis- try for several of their actions during tho recess, particularly reforring to the Defence Depart ment; when, In consequence of an officer in tho gallery taking notes bf thb remarks, the House was , cleared of strangers , shortly after six o'clock;.- The business after this, consisted sololy of "a discussion on the Address, in which .several members, including Mr Patterson, took part; and tho debate was adjourned. : The' half-ybarly meeting bf the Perseverance G. AI. Col takes plats .-it Alblbbiii-fle tb-day. Wo have received from Air Alfred Troniainj of Fryeratowu.Oaoubehalf of .the child Clara Crosby, who was lost id the bnsK for three weeks at Lillydole. , ; . ; ' This evening the committee of the Agricultural Society, should there bri ri quorum, will hold a meeting in the Alccbdnicb' institute for tho pur-1 pose of electing, judges to act at the forthcoming ploughing match. Tlio recent rains have.:. <dtone; ; an ., imtaenad aninuut of good to the crops in the" Newstead,' Harcourt; and Muckleford .districts. The far mers are delighted with, their present prospects; and anticipate that their future ones will prove likewise satisfactory. - ! A well- known contractor of - Chewton, Air Jorgensenj has been successful ill securing tlio contract for tiib removal of a' .Iarte' blaht rtiid ihdchibd at Laiizibcbdrio to ' Barfbid,' npar; Kybbton; whbre it "Mill b'e erected on tlio lnino of the Wil'mott Extended Co., The electoral list of voters for the Campbells' Creek and Newstead divisions of the Maldon districts, for the Fryeratown division of -tho Caatlemaiuo electorate, and the- Alo'unt Alex ander division of the North Central Province,- are to be seen at the offices of the registrars. The second two " fifties " of the Matricula-j tion examination at Melbourne has been pub-j lished. Amongst the sneoessful candidates are Charles Henry Zercho, Helen A. Heatherahaw; and Edward , Ernest Clarke. Fred.., Summer-) land lias passed the Civil Service examination, j A _ beautiful lithographed picture of the "Shield," given by the Hon. Minister of De-! fence, as a prize for rifle shooting, has been sent to Air Ellis, the postmaster, of Guiliifurd.' It certainly js an article of vertu, and worthy of tho most spirited competition.- A special committee meeting, , in connection with the Aletcalfe , Shire Council, was "held at Tariidiile on Wednesday, for the purpose of denl-j iug'with applications for the position of, rabbit inspector to the Siiire. The eboice fell upon Air Stncey, of Barkers Creek, the salary Using L2 per weok. - ; i We wonid call special attention; to the new breakfast beverage, Conroy's malt coffee. It is refreshing, and at the siirnb tiihe most stimu-j lous, palatable, arid wholesome to an eminent; deareo. It can be readily taken when ordinary! coffee disagrees;'! diid; from .experience we can! speak in thfi Highest t'erihs of, it. i 'The . pWeort /op.mmittee.-of. tlie Free Library; at Griildfoid liave definitelj' fixed upbn Wed-) nesday, th6 ,22rid of: J ulyl to hold the' concert,' dance; and ,entbrtaiHmenfc;; n aid of !tLe' funds of the ihstitutipii. .The programme; , iiii ex tremely attraritivb phe, is ready, but, tliS "distant! ddjr has b'eeti selected purposely to preveiit tboj eiitbrtainmont from clashing with others, j i rLiie. following is an instahce of what iria hapJ pen to a cabman, ih Castlemain'e. Last evening a foinale, Who is sbriiowhat disabled for walking,! chartered a cab to proceed, to Carhpbellii Creek, j the fareboing -2s fed." .Everything went alright until neatfb'g the , jjlrioe for Halting when thd Jehu, on lobking into - the back- of his vehicle; observed that Ill's paSsbngsr liad hurriedly do- parted without waiting for the stoRpagor- The chagrin of- pbiJr cabby, can be bettor" ihiagtned thaii. described, but he intends to be on thb look- cut in future for suoh " cheap fares; - !A! . football .imatcii .was. playtfd " bn the.Qamp Reserve, oil _ Wednesday betw&en; the Grammar Sclipdl United . iiridLlib Star_of.flfdldi)K Football Clribs", abd resulted in ah easy win ffir'tlie.School,; who obtained .8 goals ;. 3, bebinds . to tiieir op ponents' hiL For tlio School, French, Cornish, Campbell, and LattgHhtn played a good game,; and wbrb affiy backed: up By Ellis, SuU6h;"Wilson, Goodo, and Batnfls;: aifd.fur the Stars, MuyeB,1 Seedsman, Callender, and Williams, played well.; Air B. Pegler acted as central unipire arid gave general satisfaction. , , - ' . The young, man Henry . E.; Rearce; who was arrested, on warrant on Tuesday by Sergeant Frood, and was remanded for trial to Carlton,; is reported lo' have praecisbd "some ilittle games' of swindling upon wholesale houses' .ahd subur ban tradesmen. About 18 months !ago he left Clnnbs and formed a connection with a girl re-; siding at Talbot; with whom, under the firm of! Pearce and. Chancellor;" he opened' a drapery! establishment: at Carlton, obtaiuing' the siook by! false pretenceB.: He has also, to meet a ofiarge; of ipabsiug a valueless cheque on a Btoirekeep'ori at Melton. i Tho Post-offiod and Telegraph Department has issued the following notice with, regai-d, to the sixp'oiiny telegram system wliibb is about to be; adopted:;— "From the 1st of Jrily, 1885, the! following will be the. rates charged for .telegrams transmitted during ordinary office hours (8.30 n.m." to 8 p.m.) from.any telegraph office in Vic-i toria, addressed to places within the colony ! For a message of six words or under, 6d-; fori every additional word, Id. No Charge will bo; made for Bonding addresses or signatures. ) Wliorej telegraph messengers are eniplnyed; ' m'osaages will be delivered free 1 of cost within' a radius of one mile and a half over. that". dista&ce;!ohly the actual amount expended for cab hire or convey ance will be charged." ... i In addition to the inquiry into alleged cases i of inebriety among patients at the Hospital, the 1 Committee took evidence on Wednesday about the general management of the institution." This they found so satisfactory that tbey; placed on record .their unanimous opinion of the efficiency and interest manifested, by the officers and ser vants in all that concerns the patients; and the maintenance , of good order. This is in perfect aocord with and . an endorsatio'n of the report forwarded by the Inspector, Captain Evans. That cases of inebriety will not be permitted to ocour without a penalty; an offender will bo discharged, and wilDnot be readmitted nnleaa by'.th'e concurrence of the Committee, the only exception of ; this rule being in caries of acci dent,. . . ; . ' : The Foundry United F.O. play a matoh with the Sandhurst F.O. .on the Camp Reserve on Saturday. As the latter club have beaten moat of the other clubs- in. Sandhurst, the F.C. will put an exceptionally strong team against them, and if the ground dries by then a fine game may be expected. The kick-off will take place at 3 o'clock sharp, when the vacant places in the F,U; team will be filled by the roserve if those oh'oseii are not present. The F.U. will bo repre sented' by the following players, who are re quested to appear in full red and black Bibby, Biddlestone, Campbell, Donovan, French, Jones, Kelly, Leech, Leaney (2), Lancashire, M'Shanag, M'Grath, , Al'Cracken (2), Main, Newlands, Rowe, Tolstrup, Wray. Reserve — Aluirhead, Horsfield, Arnott, J. Leanoy, W. Campbell. L' 's -;to hn hoped that tho leoture of Air Thomson on India, at the Meohanics' Institute to-night, will be largoly attended out of compli ment to him and the aid which tho funds do- rivable from -It will give to tho Benevolent Asylum in raising tho requisite amount to secure the 'Government subsidy. That the leoture will abound- Ivitli information 'not: gohorally known about India ;and: its,(deiide popiilation ffiiiy be taken- for granted, as was a previous lecture on tho Bmne subjeot, but on different objects maihly, that was delivered by Mr TliomfioH kl Rtchmbnd, and which hari, beeh pilblishdd. It is expected that ho will bo accompanied by tlio accomplished vocalist, Madame Mirandi, and that she nil! sing several of her favourite selec tions, and if this- be so, this will be an addi tional treat. . On Wednesday afternoon, at the residence of Air H. M. Alarks, in Wills-street, Sandhurst,' a wedding ceremony took place, the contracting parties being Mr John Hemming, of thb well- known firm of Roberts arid Hemming,' arid Alias Coririing; of Castlemaine. . The officiating clergy man was the Rev. J. Garlick, of All' Saints'. Thri bridesmaids were the Aliases Holly arid Nelly Cowling, arid Air Harry Roberts was the groomsman. - Tho bride, , who . was given away by Air Alarks, was bandBomoly attired ;iu ;a myrtle green Bilk trimmed with plush, with wreath and veil ; and the bridesmaids wore tasteful costumes of ruby cashmero aud plush. After' tho ceremony the party was entertained by the hostess at a very elegant 1 dejeuner,' at which a number of toasts wore proposed, includ ing "The Happy Couple," by Air Alartri ; "The Bridosmaids and Groomsman," by Air T. F. Jamos ; and "The Host and HoatesB," by the Rev. J. Garlick. The preaonts were numerous and costly, and ono which was received with marked appreciation was un allegorical design of unique and ingenious construction. The following tenders were accepted yesterday by the Public WorksDepartment : — Extension of jetty and erection of 5-ton crano at Apollo Bay. — A. Rasmus, L2221 17sCd. New post aud telegraph! office, Tarnagulla, — J. Alarkey, L11G5 -12s 6d.: Additions to police barracks, Russell-street,; Melbourne.— J. Iluigo, L2275 12s 3d. New quarters, stfible, tank and other' works, police station, Talura. — W., Taylor, LGD5. Now quar ters, stable, and other works, police station,; Berijn;— W; Irwin; LG44. Purchase .of about 30 tonB of ricrap iron. — D. M'Kenzie, L4 03 6d pbr ton., - : .. Z ; m In the Supreme Court ! yesterday probate was granted . to , the twills of the: following decearied personri': — Heiiry Burman; : L582 ; 'Richard Davis, L1015 ; Edward-Evans, L1939 ; William; Leyden uKerr,' L18.302 ; William Nesbit,: L945 ;! Walter Powell, L12;000 ; -William'Rngers, LG53;) Henry Taylor, L6700; Frekeriok Tordelberg,! L917-; '.-'Francis William Titleyj . L912 ; ' Geo. ' Ward, LG278 ; Mary -Webster, L943 ; Henry! Waugh; ' iL543 ; -Jblin Baiileyj L854' ;; Richard; Fitch,1 L868 ; Jusephine ' M'Grath; L850 ; -Win.! I Stenns; L5034 ; (Lambert Thorn; L2000 ; 1 Henry Meddows, -L260 '; ' David T. AI'CroHe,' L105 ;! Johii 'HOwarth; L325 ; . Tames Qriigley, 'L495 ; Catlie'rihe' Bl': Cillder, L4G4'; AIoses B.'!iV?ol-! lard," L200 ; George Tweed, L382 '; arid ! Eunice Walker, Li53.: ! . A report has :beerihforwar3ed:to the Ministorj of Agriculture, -who presides over the Stock De-| partment, 'by Mr Kendall; ' M.R.'C;Y.Si.i- iip'ori the diseario in- iiOrkes dhd battle which' has iriiirii-i fesied itself ';;.in;"Gippsland; .arid! Kas''oceas!bried' grest loss' to'ttockowhers.' 'Divested of' tebhhi-) calities, the -disease may ber described, as string-, halt, in -a severe forni;, sbmriwhat aggravated by. conditions oLhiimate'arid wet; pastures. It has been attributed't'6:the prevalence of the dande-; lion) plant, y arid ' Air Kendall J believes (tliat structural changes i n _'the blood! oceasion it, - and thinksjts effects -would Jm .greatly .niodified'by cliinge of pasture, feeding; the animals on good nourishing food, arid' where necessary blistering the fetlocks. . In addition to the . horses attacked,: many of which suecumbe'd,.. several; cows died,1 but bullocks turned;into _tiie padciock from which the latter ,liad been iromoved;. did not exhibit any signs ofitho complaints! '-.'ho.-: v..-') i- . | II In; tho Taralgon Cduiitj' Goiirtbri Wednesday; a saddler proceeded ilgaihst the Traralgon shire council to recover L250!dairi'ages for injuries sus-| tained by his horse falling with him, the acci dent "having, it was alleged; .been" o'au4'ed::b'y rtlie negligence of Ylib1 defendants: '. In July, last' a coiitracf fbtllih co'nyi'rucl|6h!;6'f 'a culvert" ln| Sej-niour-streoty Tralalgon, .' was ; let j but- in) October, the . cpbtract Ivas ycaricelled.y'wben, .not1 completed., ;,;Some hbapof, earth ivere, jeft.-inj front of ; fclio oui.vort,;aad a drain cut from under! tho cui.vert to the. side of the roads; On' the lOtlii December tho.plaintiff, while" riding along.1 the) street; prillcd to one side to avoid the heapsi of earth; arid his horse fell into a drain; the 'plain- tifFa left arm being badly broken. , It. was urged' that the. plaintiff liad been'" guilty 'of1 contribu tory liegligGrice. as it ri'ai'ovident the place. was in tin 'unfinished state, and he should have shown' morocauti-in.; '.- His Honor, -however, (took- thej opposite /vibw,' arid co'nkiSetecl the' shite had: been guilty of gross negligeribe; and' gave a ;ver-j diet for the plaintiff.for L125,;with;costs;:'':j'I: Amid all tho painful: disclosures too frGquently made in the.divorco cases; there is -occasionally an element of-the: ludicrous. Tho caso- rof Orr v.:: Ot-r/ for examplo, supplies: of 'definition: of ' luxuries' whicli. sotno hbusekeep'ers .will find novel./ It Seems (romark8 the1' Herald') thatun the course of . their matrimonial disputes, the husband thought it "advisable to 'warn a certain tradesman-.aginst. supplying liieiwife with what he called luXurikt, including ;tfie-,fbllowing : — Eggs over Is Gd per dozen.rp'ills and ointment, pjckles, -.wax.matcbes,. preserved fish, magnesia, arid condensed ihillc. / One can understand how .8onio,p0oplp;can:regard. picklps.as a luxury,; and eveii Soioinon, in all his glory, was not supplied with wax. matches:; , Opndmise.d milk, tpoj though hoti particularly,,.: exhilarating, j, may, be viewed as something out of-tho commomj-and-an-egg at three half-ponco/njglit ,npt suit the eoonoriii- eal policy of soine'of our millionaires. But with all due... respect j to .the . great, shadp, of the venerable' Hbllriivay oi tlie ghost of ' Old Par, ' we cannot for the.lifo of us see any ' purple and fine linen' erijoyinerit in a' pot of ointmont; a box of pills,' or "e ven ;a. , bottle /of pt-epare'd""m'ag- nesia.. The Khan of Khiva" was very grateful for ' the 'box' of. cockles presented to him by Colonel Burnaby; but we; are 'not told that lie pcifiitively! went .on the'. spree1. with; them, Jn rir doeB classic history say that a medicine chest was a portion iof a' Sybarite's outfit.' One lives and one learns. Ediva'rd M'Cahej described by the polipe as a' notorioris magtmeri ahd spieler, was brought up) at the- Melbourne coiirt oh Wednesday, on a' charge bf'stealirig the' siim of L25 from tlie per- ; son of Hugh Ross. Prisoner pleaded not guilty, j The prosecutor, in relating how , he liad beeni victimised, said lie met tho prisoner on board a steamer, on Tuesday., Witnoss was .about to proceed to, Now Zealand., PriBoner said lie also; was a passenger, arid invitod witness to accom pany him to an. hotel near the wharf and have a parting glass before the vessel started. . Witness went with him, although he was a perfect) stranger; arid at tho hotel a friend bf the pri-1 soner dropped in to join th'eir coffipahy. Whilst) they were having a drink together the prisoner! wanted to pay " his frierid" sdlrie mbhey, and! handed him a oheque, which the latter refused ; to take'. Diiririg- the discussion thkt ensued witness produced a roll of Uot'es (L25), and was in the act .of counting them on the table when prisbnor snatched the money, handed it to "liis friend," and both hurried away, saying they would be ate for the steamer. Prisoner wrote out the cheque which his friend rofused. Trie latter ."offered witness L4 to lot him go when lie said he would give him in charge. Just before witness lost his money tliero was some conver sation about a -wonderful trick whicli prisoner knew of, but witness did not bet any monoy on it. Ho merely produced tlio riioney to obligo M'Cabo, who had none; and hb snatched it up. Ho know now that ho liad acted very foolishly. The bench remanded tho accused for a week; A conference of representatives of tho trades and labour organisation ahd of the Protection and Political Roform Loaguo of New South Wales wiis hold in the Temperance-hall on Wednesday night, when resolutions wore passed favourable to tho adoption of a protective policy. One nf tho resolutions contemplates that each triW organisation shall, ptior to the next gene ral eleotion, pledge itsolf to support proteotionist candidates, Another resolution provides for theMitilding ojLla monster ; -publio meeting, at which tho jpto'toc'tioqisiri can give expression to their views. ' ' " . Mr Thomas Daley, the oouncil collector of Perth, West Amitralia, dropped dead while lift ing a flowor pot on Wednesday morning. A number of mining companies are being wound up in Tasmania. t It is expected that Ibis will have tlie effect of 'otribarrmsing several of the leading citizens; Mr Di B. Macaw, J. P.; an old pioheer, and a leading public man in Ballarat, died on Wed nesday morning from, ih'o effects bf, a vohicle accident which ho riikt with about five weeks ago. Kraitouer,; the . storekeeper -. at Albuty, lias been committed for manslaughter for shooting .a sailor belonging to H. M.S. Diamond, who had asked hint to npologiso for aoriie disturbance he had caused. ' '' - ' ' 1 .The tender , of the Uriiled Australian Mutual Insurance' Compiiriy has been accepted for the iriBuraiiqe of passengers oh the South Australian .Goverriirieiit railways. The company will. de posit with the Government L5,000 as a guaran tee. , A man named Joseph Lees has been found dead on a footpath at Gleriorchy. It appears that on the pi evious night tie had been to a neighbor's house, and on leaving was given a piece of bread arid riient, which he commenced to . eat on his waylidriie. A piece of irieat weigh ing, oz. was found fixed in his throat, whicli caused'his dbuth from suffocation. Tho coroner, Mr Strickland, held an inquest at KeraDg ou -Wednes'day," with a jury of four teen, /touching tho death of Thomas Henry .Jbnesj a farmer, late of Meering. The inqnest larited from nine a.m till five p.m., arid resulted, in a verdict being recorded of accidentally killed by bbiug thrown from a spring cart into a drain on the main road; The jury added the follow ing rider " That in their opinion this drain is a dangerous one, and that the shire council of Swan .Hill is to blame for not having this and all irrigation drains fenced off or covered over from culverts to adjoining fences." The Ooroner: Btated that lie. would forward a copy of the ver dict to thb shire council, as it was virtually a verdict of .manslaughter against them. An. accident happened at Pbrtsed oil Monday at the .Nepeari hotel. Tlie housekeeper, Miss Alary .. Alulcaiiy, was , carrying a large-sized kerosene1 lamp from tile riinibgrodin through a passage to- thb kitchen, when it billet, and the keroieiie : bespattering her, ehe was rioon one inasa bf flames. Tlie poor woman ran into the open j air rtppatehtly iiiiconsbibus that tlie wind wouKl -add fearfully tb hbr distress. Alarmed by her' erife's; -the- ikhdlord, Air Lane; iirid Air Morton,, an officer of the Publo Works, who was staying' iii tlie hhiisei rurihed to her aririistanoe, and with some difficulty succeeded in extinguish- iiig'>' tlie-- flame's; TKb pb'or wSiriari . "<vas> in a fearYui/' cbii'ditibii; beirig sev.erfely bhrrit from head" tb' fboE.' She; lihgerecl till Werinesday, whrih.rihe, dlb;d frJm' tlie. severe injuries) . ,,.'j The.vintoreBtiiig exhibition Tof Japanese life, manners, and-' 'industries (which was opened some montlis ago iii Humplirby's-liall, Kriights- briijge;;has;Come. ; to . an untimely end, '(says ' The Times.') On May 2nd, shortly after half- past 8 a.m., a. fire broke out;, and within' little more than ariihoiir both the village and. the hall in wliibli it was located were reduced to ruins, One.stateinent is that the overheating of a stove in the' refresUirienf : department, for which the caterers/were Mes'srsBpiers and; Pond,- was the cause .of the fire. What is bertain is, ; that at 20 minutes tb 9 o'clock the villagors, who were engaged in domestic pursuits prior to the open ing of tjie exhibition to the publio, wore alarmed by a-cl-y. o'f danger.; Fortuniitoljr; nearly all the people "of the- ViDagb left the building at; the first alarm; imnb of the'm 'iusfriiiiuig atiy injury, except two , who wbto slightly- cut about the .bauds, .and .were attended to at St. George's Hospital. . By 11 o'clock the fire had practically' burned out, but not before the village, the hall, and the top stories of the mansions had boon destroyed, some damago being also caused to the adjacent music-hall known as the Palace of Varieties. ' The mansions contained 60 apart ments;' end in the basement were six large shops, .all of which were occupied. The hall arid mansions were insured to the extent of L20,000, iii' addition tb tho insurance of some thing .the . same amount on the Japanese Ex hibition. The ivhole loss is estimated at nearly L40,000. ; ,Itiwas,at. first believed that no loss of life, had; occurred, . but when., overhauling the wreck of the village on Monday tho body: of a young Japanese, a wood carver, was discovered under tho remains of a staircase. 