DOUBLE CUNNING. THE TALE OF A TRANSPARENT MYSTERY* CHAPTER XXIX. —{Concluded.) FBV GEO. MAN VILLI; FEVN.| Jii&t; then there was a sigh from out of the <lai kuess where Range lay. " He's waking, Shell!"' " Not he, my boy ; nor he won't wake this hour. Turn off the light for a bit." i ho lantern was darkened. " Now the light coat, Nathan." A thiu grey tweed overcoat was rapidly set loose from a strap which had held it as a roll slung from the second maa'a shoulders, shaken out, and in the darkuess Range was held by one in a sitting position, while the other rapidly thrust his hands through ths loose sleeves, drew the coat over his shoulders- and buttoned it from waist to chin. Lay him down, Nathan. That's right. Now the light agaici." " No, nodon't have the light, Shell." " Am I to call and shout at you till somel>ody hears us' whispered the other savagely. *' Once more, man, we must do this thing well or not at allThe light! If anybody came now, what then ? He is our sick friend, and we should give the bumpkin half a crown to go and fetch the nearest doctor. Another expense, Nathan !" he sneered. " What a man you are, Shell! But, 1 say, do be quick, or we shall fail." " We shall fail if we are too quick, Nathan! It's all going right. Now, then, the light!" " What are you going ta do ?" " Finish my job." " Finish your job !" " Yes ; I told you it was my department, and I'd do it so that there shouldn't be a ghost of a chance of discovery. Now then, I'm waiting!" " Bat what are you going to do ? Hadn't we better get him away ? Here's the cup." "Wait and see. Thie light!" The circle of light played once more upon Range's ghastly face, and what followed would have been ludicrons but for the undercurrent of danger to the victim. For the white hands were busy in the shadow once more, and then they appeared about the face, over which a white composition was lightly brushed, rnbbed in over cheek and chin; and then a bright keen blade flashed and played inthe light, as one hand held the face and chin and the other rapidly shaved cheek, lip, chin in torn—not a sound being heard but the rasp, rasp, rasp of the razor, which was handled in masterly style till the upper scrape or t #o had been given, and Range's face was as smooth as that of a child. " There, Nathan ; I didn't think when they, made me barber's mate at Sing-Sing it would turn out so useful as it has." . " What a man you are, Shell," mattered the other, in a voice full of scared admiration. * " What a man you are not to hold a light," said the other, replacing his implements in In his satchel. " You have done now "Not quite. Only the finishing touch wanted," was the reply, and in the light one of the white, hands was rapidly inserted in a loose old glove. Then a bottle was taken out of the bag and a piece of sponge, the bottle uncorked, after being shaken, the sponge saturated, and the smooth face, forehead, and head quickly rubbed over filth the fluid, which was also carefully applied down the neck, a handkerchief being used to protect collar and tie. It . was all very quickly done, and there was something even more weird now in that bright patch of light to see those quick hands—one white, the other brown, busy over the smooth, ghastly face, which rapidly assumed a creamy and then a yellowish hue. "There," said the first speaker, "1 call that a job, Nathan. His head's dry enough : nit on his cap, and make yourself i. can do without the light ; blow it happy. „ut ! Stop a moment! Let's see if I've got all my tackle." The light was played about the ground for a moireut, and the various articles replaced in the satchel. " There, Nathan, blow out the light, my lad, and, like ' the baseless fabric of a vision, leave not a wrack behind.'" Instant darkness was the result. "I breathe more freely now," said the light-bearer. " Well, for the matter of that, Nathan, so doL It is, as the French fellows say, unfait accomjilt. I wish I had had another look at his phiz." "It was quite right—a wonderful transformation." t "Yes, I take credit for it, Nathan. It would puzzle his dearest friends; even old Wash. Range, to know him now. Ha! ha! ha!" " JtLnsli! don't be foolish. What are you laughing at?" "I was wondering what Sarah will say to her handsome flame when she sees him." " Hush! don't; stop larking," said the other, eagerly. " Now, then, what next?" " Next ? Oh! no hurry, my dear Nathan. Our safety lies in taking everything extremely coolly, /ou see the value now of doing everything thoroughly, as I have. Yon didn't know I had those traps in my bag." " No, my dear boy. It is wonderful." " Rubbish ! It's foresight, my dear Nathan; now take a sip of this to put some courage in you. 1 told you I'd manage the trick. Here it is—done!" " Not done yet." " Yes, done. The rest is as easy as can be. How the bird walked into the trap !" " Yes, capitally!" Lucky for him that he did. Saved him some unpleasantness, and a dose of something worse, for I meant to have him to- night somehow." "Shell, yon are a genius," said Nathan, passing back the flask to his companion. "'But where is his cigar? It might tell tale?." "Net it! It might half polsou some foolish boy who found and finished it. That's a strong brand, that from Baltimore, Nathan, lint make your benevolent mind easy ; it's in tnv imcKet." « Oh!" " .Now then, got everything?" " Yes." " Then let's get him to the side of the road. One moment, though; take off those rings and put 'em in your pocket." Range's fingers were stripped, while busy hands removed his watch and chain. " Now for his pocket-book, Nathan. That's it. We'll see what's in it when we get a chance." "Shall—shall I carry the pocket-book, Shell?" "Curse you for a suspicious hound, Nathan !" cried the other fiercely. " I begin to wish sometimes that I hadn't joined you in this job," "I —I beg your pardon, Shell, I do, indeed, said the other, humbly. "I have been BO sbuiSed, yon know, it makes me suspicious. There, I won't be so again." "Take his legs,'' said Sheldrake, gruffly. His companion obeyed, and the insensibi sible man was borne to the grass on the side of the lane and seated with his back against a tree. " He's going to wake," said Nathan, in a frightened whisper. " No he is not," said the other. " Didn't yon see?" "See? See what!" "1 gave hiin a lozenge while you were clearing np. I had to force his teeth open with the scissors, and he has it fast. Now, then, get the fly up, and let's be ofL Why, Nathan!" "What? What is it? Anything wrong ?" "Oh! we'll get over it in the fly; but it shows that however careful we are"— "What have you done? What have you missed?" " 1 forgot to do liis hands." "Hah!" " And yon didn't remind me when you took Off rings." "No!" "It wasn't a question of coin, Nathan Newbnrn. There, go and get up the fly." Mewburn went off at a rapid pace, leaving liis companion beside the insensible man; and as soon as he was alone, Sheldrake said to himself— . " I don't think I've forgotten anything new. We won't keep up the colour; bat till we have him sale at home, I don't think any one is likely to ask unpleasant questions about the dark gentleman in a dangerous state ; and I don't think thev will mix him up with Arthur Lincoln Range, our dear American friend." He stood tliere listening, with Range s head jropped kgainst his leg, to keep him from g all!'-., as he waibed for the fly, the woods uearfcir Harry Fanshaw's country home being rather prolific of adventure upon that soft, dark night; „ ., c, , "Humph! there they come said Sheldrake, with a satisfied sigh., "Just done in time^there's the moon rising above the t r The fly was soon beside the insensible man, and he was lifted in. Mewburn followed, and Sheldrake mounted beside the driver, who immediately went off at a rapid rate, under the direction of the man at his side. Range sank back in the corner of the fly, where lie had been placed, and Beemed to be sleeping heavily. He was supported by pillows, and a couple of planks had been laid trom stat to seat, with cushions thereon, so that, in his character of invalid, his le<p might rest in a horizontal position; while his cantors were so careful that they had provided a rug to keep away the cold night Not a pleasant jvositiou for a y&un;^ man, an hour before full of lite and action, if not hope; but far better than lyin^, as Lidy Fanshaw supposed, stark and stiff iu the wood beyond the Wilderness, and she, in some sort, answerable for his death. Sheldrake had made uis plans, and liour after hour that fly went steadily on, till after the first halt made for refreshing the horse. It was just midnight wheu the unwearying eye of the law fell upon it, with the result that about one o'clock, as the fly was going steadily on just beyond the village where the halt had been made, a policeman stepped out from beneath some trees aud uttered the nia^ic word— " Stop !" 