POOR JACK. A TALE OF THE INTERIOR. Bill bad now risen, and was walking hur riedly up and down on the bank of the dam, S2hi. head nitt. tath tods, u .i to m-event it from bursting. He seemed dis .mifii grief. Tears coursed dowt1 his face 'tTKkled unheeded on his waistcoat and'the latter part of his story was related in broken accents, and was interspersed with numerous pauses and ejaculations, most of . whioh I have spared the reader. Mv horror can well bo imagined. 110. BDected and liked Jack Donaldson more than T did any other man on the station, and to think that-Heavens 1 it was too horrible. I was aroused from terrible reflections by Bill who said, " Yes, Charlie, I lulled him dead, and I am going to die." This was the second time ho had used those words, but thev only seemed the outcome of a morbid and distracted mind. I could noUhink; I could not act. What was I to do ? What did Bill intend to do ? Ho soon broko out again suddenly, " Charlie! got your horse, and take me te Tumberumba, I must go to r. and give myself up. I know I shall bo hanged, but I long for it; I will dio now! Oh! Heavens, I must die ! I will die 1 Oli! Jack, Jack, come back to me. And so he wont on in a heart-breaking manner. He fell on his knees, and begged to die . and cried and sobbed tor yoor Jack to come to him, like a child might for its "nSt'him, and went mechanically for my horse, which had strayed away feeding. When I came back, Bill was lying on the ground, about ten yards from where I had left him, and besido him lay my nilo, which wss firmly grasped in his hand; but ho was UUI°was'still further horrified now, for it had been his intention, no doubt, to shoot him self when I went away far the horse, hence his assertion that ho was " going to die." I examined him, and had no doubt from his appearance that ho had been sunstruck. What to do now I knew not. If I Icit Bill thero and went for help, it would bo lon<7 after dark when I returned, as it was now sunset. I could not possibly carry him, and my staying with him could do no good, for his was evidently more than a low minutes illness. I resolved to go to tho station for help, as 1 thought that tho best plan. I could bo back m two hours, and unless 33)11 recovered consciousness very soon (of which I had little hope), ho could not go far away from where I left him. I turned him over on his back, and placed mv coat for a pillow for him, after bathing his head for a while. I then moistened his lips atld . mouth with a little water, placed mv flask closo to him, so that if ho did como to ho could get a drink, and thero left him. I had littlo liopo of seeing him alivo again. X cot on my liorso and started across the bush to tho'station, pondering, as [went, over Bill's strange story. I lmd now re covered somewhat my self- possession, and could think calmly over the tho terrible seemed strango to mo that wo had not been found by any searching party, for surely such a thing must liavo been iound oUt bol'oro this, and Bill's tracks would liavo led tho acuto blacks to him and mo at tho dam It was inexplicable. Tho only solu tion" of tho mystery was at tho station ; so I spurred on " Bonnie " as last as I could. When X had gono about throo miles, I heard a boll, mid, as none of tho cattlo /.?.wind any, 1 knew'that it must bo carried hv a searching party out after Bill. Horo was relief to my unstrung nerves at least. So I hurried straight towards wliero tho sound carno camo from, and fired off my riflo to attract attention. I soon heard voices, and then mot a party of men when behold!-Jack Donaldson at their head, I was quite frightened at first, for he camo upon mo suddenly, and, having a whito bandago round his head, looked just tho picture of a ghost, such as romancista describe. I pnUed up short, and asked in anything but a steady voice, " Is that you, jack?" But I was reassured by his doop ?voice replying, " Yes, Charlie;; you're late," adding, "Did you soo BiU Thompson in your travels ?" It was a relief to find that it was indeed Jack. I felt as if a load had boon lifted from my chest. I answered, " Yes, I just left him, and then I told Jack tho condition ho was in. We then got tlio other two men to go back for a cart to the station, telling them where to go with it, n.nd wo proceeded back towards tho dam whero I left Bill. On tho road I told Jack tho story that Bill had related to me, and with which tlio reader is already acquainted. Ho listened to it quietly, and when I had finished, said, iu a husky voice, "Poor Bill, will he get over it, d'yo think ?" I did not givo him mvreal opinion, for I did not wish to dis tress him, but repliod that I hoped so. Wo then liivnod on as last us tho gloom "would allow. *Wo wove able to proceed more quickly after a while, as tho moon netvred tho horizon boi'oro rising, and wo got to Bill -for ho was still in tho same position as I had lolt him in. Iio was alive (and that was all you could say), but not yet conscious. "With tender bauds, Jack bathed hi& burning face, and then sat besido him to keep off tho mosquitos, while ho again went over- tho story of his life, as far as it had any connec tion with Bill's. His tale was tho same as Bill's, though rolatod with more modesty as regards his own actions, and printing Jjill s misdeods in as lenient a light as possible. Thero was ono thing, howovor, that ho had not let Bill know, and that was, that ho (Jack) had been fondly in love with Min nie Bromley, who became Bill's wife. As ho said, " seein' Bill had hooked on thero, I stood off, an' givo him inside runnin,' for I ltnowed as that was tho only chanco Bill had of rcformin' an' lcoopin' off tho liquor, an' I was jolly glad slio took him, too, lor I says to myself, " if slio don't euro hini, nothin' will; and if ho goes wrong, I can look after his wifo, an' soo as slio comes to no harm an' I would have, too, added Relating to tho imaginary murder at tho. camp, Jack told mo that Bill had really struck at him, and if ho luid lilt straight, ho would certainly have killed Jack; but stag gering in his drunkenness, the axe only caught Jack on the side of the head, and glanced off, not inflicting any dangerous wound, though sufficient to stun him for a minute or two. When he came to himself, Bill was lying senseless on the floor beside him. After examining his head, Jack put Bill in bed to sleep off the effects of the rum, and then went to bed himself. Ho woke at his usual time in the morning, but Bill still slept on, and Jack left him there when he went out to split posts, thinking that some extra sleep would do him good. Not seeing him come to work by dinner-time, ho returned to the camp and found Bill was gono, and, after searching round about the station and in quiring for him without Buccess, Jack got tho other two men (one blackfcilow) to go with him to look for Bill, when I met them, as already rolated. Bill must have waked soon, in fact almost immediately after Jack left him in the morn ing, and in his semi-drunkenness and fevor isbness, tho horrible night's work \as he thought) came to his mind, and acting upon the first impulse of his mind, ho sought to escape from tho scene of his crimo; the only thing ho could remember seeing^ was Jack's upturned faco as ho fell. This he told us afterwards. To return to Bill. The cart came in about two hours, and ho was taken to the station, where ho lay all that day and tho next, unconscious. On the third day he was sensible, and I went in to seo him. Tho sight of mo aroused painful thoughts at once, and he immediately burst into tears crying, " Oh I Charlio ; pity mo." I then gradually led him to understand that it had nearly all been a terrible dream of his own, Ho asked me if ho had hit Jack at all; and I told him what ho had really dono. I told him also that Jack was quite well, when he murmured faintly that fervently " Thank Heaven forjthat at least," and sank back in a faint on his pillow. After a liberal sprink ling with water ho recovered, and his Jirst words were, " Tell him to come here, Charlie." Jack, whom I had left just out sido tho door, but who had entered when I wis sprinkling Bill with water, had hitherto been concealcd from Bill by my interposition, but ho could keep in no longer, and said, " I don't want notollin', Bill, I'm hero." I made no remark, but withdrow, for in my opinion nothing is so painful as to see strong (but yet very weak) men in tho extremes of joy or sorrow. Bill afterwards told mo that ho had indeed intended to commit suicido when I went for my horse at tho dam, and had my rillo in his hand for tho purposo, when ho was (pro videntially, as it wore) struck down. Bill was never quite tho samo man again, but soon partly recovered his health, and was able to work. Jack, somo timo after this, married and sottlcd down to farming. I noed scarcely say that Bill stayed in his liouso. The most notable thing, however, was, that Bill novor aftor that night touched in toxicating liquor again. Ho died somo two years ago. I havo now finished. For tho moral-if my reader cannot discover it for himself, ho shall bo, for my part, loft oternally in ignorance. FINIS. 