BETTING 3MARKET. A good deal of busiones is being done at Bowe's TatteralPsl' this forenoon, Sir Garnet having be come equtla favuirite with Prometheus for tile Naewmarke: Handicap at 7 to 1; Coronet, 10 .to 1: Salvo, 12 to 1; Sheet Anchor, 14 to 1; Battailous, 14 to 1; Gartle!d, 15 to 1; Mascotte, Welcome Jack, Coningshy, L.oorello. Velocipede. Middle March, The Ghost, and Mistake, 20 to 1: tie rest 25 to 1. MEv NgW.tIArrET TeIl. I am not giving a long rigmarole of reasons for wlwhy certain horses please or displease me, but bshall give my whys and wherefores as nearly as possible, in one act. Tlle sworn Adelaide moral, Sir Garnet, does not impress me. lie seems to have been too hurried, and shows signs of shift ssos.when called upon, although undoubt~dly a fast customer. Sam Crackinell, the Victorian light weight crack, who rode him a couple of races in South Auntralia, declares he will not sta d -pinehiag. prometheus is the fittest horse I have seen tried bore. He finishes the distance with his morrutih open. wis tot all tire others who have gone against tno watch on this ground wvould, at all good tiinie, bave been ridreri right out. Coronet showns great pnoe, and will run well, but his last furlong is to be doubted for the above aesons mosd the same may be said of MIascotte 4Cotinsby. L.eporello, Welcome Jask, Velocelpede, Topaz, blddlemarcih, and all the other animals in the betting who have been pIreparing at Fleming ton. Salvo, who will be recollected as having been In thie Hon. J. White's string, and shoaing himself about as good as Barge, has for some time beenr in the dangerorrus stable whichl brought out uhlus, and has shown his party two consecutive trials in better time lilan last year's Nerwmarket Handicap and Melbourne Cup winner did. Tins startement I have reason to know is perfectly correct, and tie stable are confident they cannot los if hie runs rp to private form, hie bIeing if such grand condition that he can go end to end forr mile. From this short pirelimtinary it may be readily guessed thnt my selecstoi is SALVO orr PROMETHEUS, ray cockboat being Leporello, who has made an excellent record; and Coronet is very likely to get haa place.s a I "- . expect the tire to bd 2mmin. 15scc. 