THE PABTQEAL QN THE MONTH C' OF MAltY. !"/; . The . heads of the Papal Church are exceedingly fond of working up.little hitB bfsen'timentality and word. play j to tickle the more fanciful of their votaries, most of whom we remember are of, the fan ciful sex. For instance, Eva, is the'Latin for' Eve, the mother of all living ; but by reversing the Latin word we get Ave which is " hail" — and the first word of the prayer to the Virgin called "Hail Mary." So then the " beautiful " idea is struck, that Mary is a second Eve — another and more blessed mother : for did not the angel address the Virgin, Ave — hail. Some of those nice little rebuses become spoiled when we take them out of the translated Latin into the original and natural Greek in which the words were spoken. For really the Angel is not recorded to, have said, " Ave" at all— but "chaire," . Ave ( being merely a strange ; tongue.. It . ;is a poor theological fancy which requires a change of language to suit its tricks of letters. ,. .. It is to one| of these pleasant ecclesi astical' puns or fiddles that we are indebted for the dedication of this month to the cultus of the mother of the man Christ Jesus, about which dedication the Archbishop of the Pope has issued his valuminous pastoral this May. You have only to drop the r out of Mary, and then you have May ; or you may insert the r in May, and you have Mary. Which you please ; you pays your money and you takes your choice — a pleasant pastime for children at anytime. We are inclined to think that the process was the insertion of, the, r in May, because some of the pastorals of Cardinal Cullen used to tell us plainly that the idea of devoting May to Mary arose from its previous devotion to an Italian Goddess Maia, whom the people worshipped with flowers and un bloody sacrifices, and that the change was easy from Maia to Maria. Much virtue, we see, in r: that is perhaps the reason why your Celt rolls it so emphatically. Our Sydney guide, however, does not dwell on this pleasant connection of the feast with Italian idolatry. Perhaps the two cultuses do not materially differ. He does, however, give, us a specimen of that word playing which requires a change of language to be even a pun, and on which ,he and. his, church are content tc> build a whole mountain of immaculateness for , Mary.v,, NJo V wonder," exclaims the 1 ..-tljouih f descending from 'the High- ;.eft j Heavenj sbouIbVBt? ii.e witfi hst'ori-" ! iishment at the, rich ''profusibhwith1' which4' 1 p?r'h'e>f iod ju wordsof rapujhoidilleiS-f-1 ' Hail, full of grace, the Lord is with thee ; blessed art thou among womdn.' " Now, it requires an inflamed imagination to rhapsodise like thiB. " The Archangel." The text says' " Angel," but of course the Celt adds the " Arch." It would never do to be satisfied with the word as it stands! just as the race does with the prelates: The Church makes them bishops, world- liness adds " My Lord." The angel is not described as showing any astonish ment whatever ; nor is there any " rap ture " at all in his address — " Hail," &c.; The word of which hail is the English translation is the ordinary salutation1 of the day — equivalent to good morrow, or how do you do, and the remainder, " Blessed art thou among-t women," is no more than 'was said by Deborah of Jael, the wife of Heber the Kenite. The astonishment and the rapture of Gabriel are merely the coinage of the excited fancy of the mari;<lator. Dr. Moran, we perceive, does not venture on that sub; lime argument which we find in most of their books on the word "full" — full of grace. See how the great Saint Bona- venture urges it. As she was full of grace, of course, there could be nothing imperfect anywhere. Then hie puts it in Latin — gratim plena. Certainly, to" be full of grace is to be all grace, and therej- fore immaculate ! But this is all rebus, just like the r in May: for in the word of the angel, as recorded, there is no word answering either to plena or to'full,' so: th'e ardent saint is bompletely'at' fault. .The record is in Greek, and the' words of thb angel," " Chaire kecharitomene"— " hail, favoured, or graced." ' there/ is nothing at ' all to excuse the' play oh the' 'word ;|_Ht''factV'tBe';ahgel::'Ka<t ''npUdm'if .the/ ' Immaculate Concepfibn;' nor hail Mary herself, according tp what followed. ;! 1 It is wbnderful-'wHat' trick's these p'ebplb play 'with' the' Bible on "siich1 poihtsi' wiis only ' a couple of months' iagp 'tbat0 a very bright one, by way of a' great' Hit against a Protestant minister, wrote in 'a daily paper, that his own Protestant Bible called the Virgin " the mother of' Godi" We hope be .believed ' this' was' so ;' but we very much doubt it. . The; misrepresents- tion was notworse than Dr. Moran's mis description of the angel's "astonishment and rapture," and Bonaventure's' interpo lation of „ Hull;" . T v :;r' ''/''"if . But misappiication is ' quite ' 'the 1 rule with this exuberant pickle 'of a' bishop, wherever he' can find a word of' 'rapture anywhere, he presses it into the' present service. And the Church,"' he says, "'anointed by the same spirit of piety,' ',in the sacred/ liturgy, addresses' 'her 'in tfie words, " Thou art all beautiful' and ' fair, my chosen one ; thou art the glory of the New Jerusalem, the joy of Isra.el ; ' bright as the sun, beautiful' as. the moon; / arid terrible to Satan as ah ariny in battle!" Now allowing for some blunders in the quotations, this passage is taken from the Song of Solomon, and is addressed to his spouse, the daughter of Pharaoh, and had no more to do with the virgin Mary than it had to do with Granuwaile or Grace O'Mally. How could it, indeed ? since Mary was not born for several hundreds of years afterwards. Dr. Moran also sees Mary, in the mystic woman in the Beve- lation, clothed with the sun, which all the old 'commentators explained" to mean the Church, until their degenerate modern successors wanted some pretext for turning everything to the accoiint'bf Mary. Bonaventure is so silly as to ap ply to her even that bad woman in the Proverbs who had decked her bed for Her lovers. The good saint knew nothing about the context, he only knew that' a woman was mentioned ; and wherever' a woman is mentioned' she must be Mary. These people never really ' know their Bibles. They only know bits aUd scraps, which tbey force into the service of ' the modern inventions.: It is really difficult to understand wtiat Dr. Moran wishes Jhis people 'to take 'as the meaning of such words as these'icbn- cefning ' the Virgin — "'Sbe'uhited he | Holocaust ; of h'er" o\yn; heart, with the . fill- ,perfect'oblation! 'of. hepivihe'' Son:" ' 'A ;.Mlbc'aust ia'idh'ole,' Huinit 'oBepiiig uud '.if .thb,Ibbationy6tf''CBri8t jvas Ull-p'e%rect, 1 wHatrbbcbuld fl there'-', be 'for 1 'an'dt Ker 'fiering'? -Ybu'canho'a'dd: to anbbEt'ion 'whicfi'fis'ailibeffect., ri.nthwd'J Thbre/iS some boc/e that'h'e 'ik.asKhmed a sr. on so-inoi'.'-oj il'j-unl'J of the practical Mariolatry which abounds in the manuals of Bomish devotion. AHe strong'y repudiatelhe adoration;, of; the Yirgin; he sas th'at they/Abduld go 'to her merely asking her 'to bo the dispenser of Christ's blessings; and -quotes approv ingly the words of St. Epiphanius, " We honor Mary ; but the Father, Son, aad Holy Ghost alone we adore." Yery well, let him take up any manual or prayer book, and he will find dozens of addresses to'Mary, which are positive and plain acts of ; adoration as to an independent deity. Even the word "adore" is not spared; but the thiDg is still more emphatic.' It is from these that the people are taught, and. not from Dr. Moran's. refined distincr tions. To the people — especially , in Catholic countries, she is jri, fact more, and.not less, than God ; arid the: multipli cation of her festivals intensifies 'tliis ten-'- dency tjo her deification. V " , // ./ 