Our J^nwrencti - letter. . ?. , . NOVEMBER 20,188S. ON nntl air nb nights for somo tima pnst, muon amusement huB boon cairned by tho stories spun of tho oppoaranoo and orratlo moyomonts of a Jnok O'Lnntcrn,1 will o'tho \vl»p- li/nU fiitiiu*,-soma oonaltuling that tho luminous apuoarahuo was a dlB ombodiod spirit lurking about.' To such tho mystery is now olearcd np, by the knnwlodgo that a School of Arts oommittoo-man is missing, .thc said indi- vidual.being fated to wander up and down tho earth till tho Govoriimont glvo tho promlsod land tor the Tjawronco School of Arts, " Oh, Gcehosofat, what a hard and long punishment." .,, I HAVE Mmes out of number wondered some steps have »ot boon takon ra tho aosb of transmission of tatters on and np and down tho j ker. At present, wo pay as muoh (twopence) bo scud a lettor ta tho next vlllago on tho rlvor.as.wo do to send to any of the other coloules I What aro the business peonía of Gratton and up and down tho river.about, to permit this Btate of unfairness to continuo ?" Stevenson promised to do his lovel best to reducá tho postage to a penny, if ho. wera elected. Tho Fostmastor-Gonornl aha oui* mombor would eeo to this if duly represented. Thon tako stops ab onco. Wo want a Boland Hill, ' . ? \ J . - OUR Lawronoa Minstrels have oven astonished tho Brushgrove natives,: and aro winning 1 golden, opinions.1 Death-by sldo-splltting laughter-will yob bo caused by "Slocum's Dog." I hear tbab au undertaker is to join tho company ! this looks very onilncitBr' '' ?' i ?. -1 .j SUME very decisive stops should bo taken to put tho Govornmont punt, in safe working order. The gear, ropo, and fltlluga aro totally unsuitable.for the river and exposed position of tho punt ; tho ; guido-ropo 1B continually getting off tho fly wheel for want, of proper guys. It is impossible at times to work the punt, an account of tho river wator reaohlng over tho deck and the corrobbory erratio -circumbendibus motion' of it. Tho pnntman Ima informed tho " powers " in vain, Gcoroozalem 1 that rod tapo. Tho. upshot Will bo nn aocidonb ; porhaps loss of lifo. Well, verily, if tho doCunet ono bo ouly a Govcrnmont ofllclnl. , .... , A PEW words must bo said re tho ball given by Mr and Mrs Simon Butlignto. Ah, Mr Editor; I fnnoy how tho lady rcadors of tho Examiner will con ovor what I am about to write, and then sigh disappoint- ment at my brovity re drosses nud (ill tho etcétera» 'of millinery. But whnt can I do. seeing I am about to bo married, or nm alrondy so " lixcd,"'so I dnro not oven wink who was tho " bollo " of tho ball. No, I valuo my cnrs too well, nnd havo no WÍBU to east off my mortal coll thia year, or raise Ilamlot's ghost, or tho spirits of Alcoto, Megaera, and Tlslphono. But to business. Air and Mrs Batbgato aro dosorvlng of the very hlghost'^oom mcndatlon for the way everything wa» begun, con- tinued, and onded.' Tho commodious now store was beautifully decorated with flowers, Hags, banners, and Chinese ' lnntcrns ; and brilliantly lighted up for tho ocoaslon. As ono stood at tho end of tho long room nnd saw tho wholo arrange- ment, tho multitudo of persons well nnd'hand- somely dressed, combined?., with tho bewitching smilaaof tito Indies, ono was lod.io think ho had pussod Into Fairy land. To seo forty oouplos sail- ing round tho room at one timo lu a circular danae, and nfc anothor to witness eight sots take thoir places for the lancers, this bub gives il small Idea of tho sizo of tho room. Tho disciples of Terpsichore wera most becomingly nud prettily dressed, and ably and j woll provod themselves true followers of tho god doss of dnnoing by their grucoful; movements and I warm spirited evolutions. Without entering into j individuality, I mn bound to eulogise tho great taste (Unplayed by the fair sox lil'their dresses richness without loudness, graceful oostumcs with- out elaboration. Mr Nelson and Miss Ucwitt ably fulfilled their part of tho programme by the neces- sary music. Mr J. I, Smith was tho able odteror for supper and refreshments during tho night. No person could havo fulfilled bis oflirjo more satisfao torlly, while In tho supper room he was ubiquitous". Two hundred nnd fifty guests sat down to supper, and quito throe hundrod must havo boon present during tho evening, In short, nothing.was wanb ing on tho part of either host ' or ^.hostdss to mako. their ball and supper tho groat success it undoubtedly was, sparing no expenso or trouble to give pleasure to their guests. The remark of all ls: "when had Iiawronoo, or when will,it have, such a gathering again." "» WABHINO AWAY A llEF.f.-Ono of tho bars at tho entrance of Now York Harbour, called Diamond Beef, is composed of. indurated day and 'bouldors, .which presented unusual difficulties In tho way of dredging to the desired depth, anil Is now bolrig re- moved by moans of tho attrition of powerful streams of water forced against tho bottom by h. yd raul lo dredgers. -Tho mean velocity of tho water discharged from tho spcolul mechanism used for tho purpose ia about 7,000 ft.' per minuto, nnd ÜiaXáutleal Uatrlte reports that thia is " sufficient to forco tho earth nuil clay nt tho ebbing tldo, which ls tho Only'timo thoso hydraulic ploughs aro used. After tho clay Is washed away, tho boulders aro removed by grappling irons. This method has boon so sueccssf ul that it is being applied ta that portion of tho bar in Oodiioy Chnnnul, wbluh will sraure a depth ofüSít. fi ti log- water fora width of JSOft. ' At thu point sclcoU'd for thin work tho bar ls about 1,(100 ft. in width, and thu ebbing tide hus a moan vcloulty of ono and a-hnlf miles per hour." 