COTORp CONSCIENCE '!' : " Bv f. \v. robinson, ' ; . Author Of " GltANDMOTHEIt'S Mo.VEV ;'' Little Kate Kntuv ;" "i'oou Humanity; " 'Vc. " " 0 coward conscience, how doit thou afflict me ! " -r-Shakspoare CHAPTER X. — RKuSir.KBt.lxns. Marcus Dagncll.xras on the quay before the Hontlcur steamer had passed through the river's month, and ere the sprinkling of Little- hampton visitors, clustered round the light house, had Waved their usual salutations to tlie . passeugurs. jiu reus was inr irum an exciiauiu iimn; xve- are aware, lint his blood flowed not coldly in his veins that daj', and for the first time iu liis' life lio could feel his heart beating quick and fnst, as if his brother's presence would presage so much to nil of them, and his brothers absence forebode the ruin of the family. ' He'drew a deep breath of relict" xvticu hesaxv Tom standing at the ship's side waving his hand towards him. Ho flourished 'his walking cane" wildly in return, and cut liis neighbor across tbo nose— inoffensive, white-haired old Mr. Fislior, who had been smiling with placid interest nt everything and cverbody until that nnlneky- moment. He had begged to'nccempany Marcus to the quay on the box scat, of the car riage, and this pvas the result. " I bog pardon — really," said Marcus. But I didn't see you for the moment. Fisher." " Don't mention it, Master Marcus," ho said. " So long as yon haven't cut my eye3 out, nnd I can look fit liim .coining hom'e, L shan't mind much. And.look there now— Miss Hilderbrandt with him. Don't, you see her? Iivishyouhad not made my eyes xvatcr so. Oh, dear.'' ! "And there's Fanny and Slitherxvick and the Olivers." cried Marcus. "By gad, If he hasn't nsked tlie lot of 'ein to the fiineral." Yes ; they were all there, and looking up at him. Presently they were ou the quav shaking bauds xvitli liim, and lie still bewildered and very muck confused. " Why, 1 thought — " be began, when Tom stopped lijin. " Xet, yes, but this is no time for explana tion." "But Miss'llilderbraiiilt — — " . " Ih tree, Marcus," cried Tom. " She was lilierntcd directly her father mode a full confes sion of bis guilt. The case against her was licard yesterday anil dismissed at once. These French are quicker limn xve arc, and understand human nature much better," added Tom. " Aud, now, wboro is Ursula ?" " Ob ! that reminds uie aud Marcus delivered liis message, nud Tom became graver as bo heard it. Violet Hilderbrandt, with a face very full of care still — fur with ber liberty had not naturally come that peace aud restful lmppiues which were to bo tiers in tlie good times ahead— leaned upon Tom's ana and listened to liim anxiously. When Marcus laid concluded, she said— " Complete forgiveness sku expects from vou, Tom." ." 1 ciin forgive lier bargain with uiv father," answered Tom : " her deceit to myself, but to turn against you, and " "1 ant. going to forgive tliat. Take me to her." "It is. an unlucky bouse, this Broadlnnds," he isaid.- " I am not afraid," slie replied ; " and if I may come back for a! few minutes, aud nt tills sad time, Tom, I should be glad — very glad — to speak to Ursula." " If you wish it," he said, " it may he for the best, now Ursula is truly penitent."" Tlioy were driven axvay rapidly to Broadlauds. after informing the.Olivers uudStithenvicks that Violet should return to them at tho hotel as soon as she had seen Miss Dagncll. It was like coming home again and beginning life afresh that fair summer's morning, thought Tom : here, fit lust, was tlio beginning of better days for liim and Violet — aud Ursula 1 It was beginning grimly enough, and with tbo funeral of Ids father ; but beyond the presout shadows there might be fairyland for linn. When they were close on the big house, Marcus Dagnell deliberately drew down the red silk blinds of tbo carriage. ' "What is that for?" asked his brother. "For Ursula," replied Marcus. "She is short-sighted, but she will see the color. of the blinds." " Red is a danger signal, Marcus." "Yes, I know: but this is arranged bctxveen Ursula and me," Marcus hastened to cxplnin. " This is seenrit v, not danger." " I understand. I think — but " '(Don't interrupt me, or I shall forget some thing," said Marcus. ' The red blinds mean to Ursula that yon are coming with complete for giveness in vonr heart towards her. That's it, Tom." " They were her words ?" Uis brother asked. " Yes." " Complete forgiveness," replied Violet. " No more reproaches, uud some sorrow foryourshare of all these great mistakes." " It is just," said Tom, moodily. "But " " You must let me see her first, and prepare her for your coining, and pardon her for all . tlie harm she would lmve brought -to 'inc." Violet urged. " W? will go together." "No.; I cannot tell her every thing before you," said Violet, looking down "and blushing. " I have something to confess mvself." " Very well," said Tom. " Yout xvill is law to Tuo." '.'No, no, not yet," cried Violet, 'turning pale. " And uot to be thought of yet, Tom. There is Ursula " "No." said Tom, very decisive) v. "There is uo Ursula to forbid the love between us. Because " Violet interrupted hiin ill her turn. " There is my father nnd his trial, my mother and her future, and to-day is sacred, surely?" "I am looking forward to the future," answered Tom. Marcus lind sat'listening verv patiently, but with a confused expression, lie was hardly us sanguine us these lovers. Ursula, thin and angular and with nn old woman's look upon her face, rose' before liim like a ghost xvhich he had lately seen and been scared by. " 1 say," lie said suddenly, " " don't you think Tom, if you wont to sec her first nnd tell her everything it would be tlie better plan ?" ' " Leave tlie belter plan to ns, Marcus," re filled his brother, " Ursula ia bowed down bv gricf, tortured by her conscience, horribly grieved that she lias doomed an innocent xvoimin to It felon's fate, and Violet will raise lior from remorse by a single xvord of purdou." " Yes, exactly ; I didn't see it in that light before," niiswered Marcus, doubtfully. "And liere xve are, thank goodness." Tho carriage passed sxviftlv round the drive, and tlio xvhite blind of'tlie upstairs rooms, xvliich bad been drawn uside again, was observed to shake, then drop. Ursula laid seen the signal ; lie was conitn<r ; it would bo complete forgiveness for ever after this day. Strange, awfully strange, tlmt from tins ghastly funeral time should date so much of happiness for lior. She rose and sxviftlv, us in the old days before struck doxvn like this, she passed from tlie room, and met Mrs. Coombcs iu the corridor xvithout. "Tell hint iu five minutes time — fix-e minutes only, and I shall be prepared," she cried. ' Yes, Mi's Dagnell— tell xvliom did vou say ?" '"My cousin Tom— lie lias come back, thank God ; you xvill find him in the hall. Go- quick." Mrs. Coomlics hastened along the corridor and doxvn tlie great stairs, nnd Ursula entered the room again— or feigned to enter it, for she stood only n il bin the slmdoxv of the doorxvay until her titirso xvas gone. Then she re-ouierged, and at the name swift puce rati along tho corridor, into the 'dead mail's room, There xvas no hesitation — no nervous fear as she advanced to the polished oaken collln wherein xvus ull tlmt remained of the old enoinv of her peace— the old friend— the old mystery, never more mysterious than in his axvful silence and repose. The coffin xvas still uuscrexved, for it xvas thought— whicli xvas a vain delusion— tlmt untax' of the funeral guests xvould like to take a final look at Sir John Dagnell presently. Ursula raised the lid and looked in. "Forgiveness to you, nnclc — and for x-ou, too, I pray. Good by." ... Under the rigid form she thrust the xvill xvliich had been made in ber fux-or, smoothed the cere ments, replaced the lid and hurried back to her room ami to her seat by the xrindoxv tlirou"Ii xvliich she bad xvatclied her cousin's coiuiiig The old pain in lior side returned xvitli double force, but she liore it very bravelv. She xvas happy ; her mind xvas at rest. This xv:is a real self-sacrifice, for which Tom Dagnell xvould be grateful somo day. This xvould prove to him assuredly that she lox'ed liim x-cry much and xvas not xvliolly lmd. This Coxvard Conscience xvould not let lior keep tho xvill. Tliis Her train of thought xvas broken by a light hand tapping on the panels xxithout. " Come in, ' said Ursula, rising ns she spoke. 'Hie door opened— he xvas coming— she xvould go, xvoak as Hkc xvas, xx-itli outstretched urms to xvolcome him and xveep upon his breast— it xvas all happening as slie lmd pictured it 1 "Tom, you bax-e forgiven me then ?" alio cried, " yon bnvc. " . She xvas silent, struck dumb xvitli surprise and horror, for this xvas Yiolot Hilderbrandt before her ; that xvomaii, xxiio should have booh safely locked froni lier. in fi French prison, not, free und smiling like this, aud ut this time I "You,! you 1" she cried, "hoxv dare you come to mo again 1" " All is xx'oll — I am" released— I — — " " Let mo pass, xx'oman ; lot me pass you, I say ; I. xvill uot listeu to a xxord," sho screumed forth ; I liate you — alxvays ! I lmx-o been de ceived ; I must go back and :get that paper. She fell forxxrnrd into Violet's arms, still out stretched loxvards lier, struggled axvay, aud thou sank face foremost on the carpet, and never looked up again or uttered further xvonl. . # The funeral was not postponed on account of the serious relapse of Ursula Dagnell. There "Tlie exclusive right of publication In Ncxv South M.."V bcc." pnrclmseil by the prcprletors of "The Dally Telegraph." were doctors attending her, aud Mrs. Coombes" once more on active 'duty, xvhen they screxved qptx'n Sir John Dagrnell in his coftin and carried liim' and; his xvill away to the cemetery, with a long traiu of carriages aud mourner? to do him " a hist poor rex-erence. ' The next ilav the blinds xx-ere draxxm doxvn agaiii before the xtinfiOxx'S, and Ursula Dagnell xvas not of this world. She bad. died of severe internal injuries vcceivcd ou. tlie niglit slie stole doxvn to tho sea, it was pro claimed by the doctors, xvlio kn'exv nothing of a heart broken by the sttddou shock of despair. It xx-as not soon that peace came to the Dag. nells, left xvondcriug at her fate, or to Violet and those xx'ho in this story may ileserx-e peace and those fitting rexx-ards xvhich it is in ourxx'cak power to hestoxv. But tlicrc. xvas happiness in good time; and it is not in Inp suiiset find xxilh the night coming ou that xve xvhispev our fure- xvells. . The End. 