THROUGH TASMANIA, No. 78. [No. 87.] [BY OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.] It is about nine miles by road from Kingston to Pearson's Point, where the pilot station for the port of Hobart is. Mr. T. B. Curtis, of the Kingston Hotel, gave me a welcome lift in his gig along the coast road as far as the south bend of Blackman's Bay, somewhat off the beaten track, but being averse to turning back, I concluded, after conferring with a farm labourer, to strike through. The road traversed leads for the greater part through poor, sandy, clay country, carrying gnarled timber of the gum, wattle, and cherry varieties, and an undergrowth of fern, prickly wattle, box, and heathy scrubs. The farms are between this and the sand beach of the bay. The farm at the south end is the last where agriculture to any extent is carried on near the shore for many miles, another such not being met till Oyster Cove is reached on the way down D'Entrecasteaux Channel, though round tho otherwise dreary and monotonous North West Bay there is an odd clearing or two, small fruit farms. Pearson's Point, I think, is six miles from where I took my departure, though by chart it is less than four, the country being sparsely timbered bush with little or no undergrowth, an alternation of spurs and gullies from the main range seaward. This ends with Mount Louis, a trig. point, and former semaphore station, 720ft. above the mean sea level. Some of the gullies are very steep, cutting into the cliffs to the water's edge, others ending as mere depressions of their sharp outlines. For the greater part the land carries fair to rough sheep feed though there are patches bare as a brickfield. I kept a line by the base of the last foothill along the heads of the gullies where are numerous shelves and caves of sandstone, the general formation, and crossed many roads, or rather the wheels tracks of wood carts. At about a mile and a half from the point a section of clear and nicely grassed country comes in, overgrown with briars through neglect, which continues to the south-easterly and terminal spur of Mount Louis, which is uncleared. Not feeling sure of the exact position of the pilot station I followed this to its precipitous edge, 60ft. or 80ft. vertical from the sea, which ¡s deep to the very base. Fields of bull kelp grow inshore - fine grounds for crayfish, trevalli, bronze trumpeter, perch, etc. Seeing no signs of a pilot station along this wall and line of ledges, rocks, reefs, and landslips I consulted the map - the 5s. Government one - which, though no name such as Pearson's Point or pilot station is inscribed, shows a small bay about the middle of this hammer-headed promontory between the Derwent entrance and N. W. Bay. I thought this spot likely, being sheltered from winds three-quarters round the compass, made for it and found a cleared space on the mountain slope above the cliffs where are two roomy houses, cottages for men, flagstaff with pilot Jack fluttering in the breeze, etc., which rendered it unnecessary for me to ask questions, and I soon introduced myself to Captain Wm. Harrison, senior pilot, who in turn commended the traveller to his wife and daughter. These ladies in their commissary capacity, or, being seafaring ladies, I ought to say that of purser and chief steward, very quickly arranged the hospitable board, and, whilst I absorbed sustenance, a friendly all-round chat made us mutually and pleasantly acquainted with each other. For a shore one the pilot station is well chosen, commanding the port entrance from the transit line, cutting Cape Delasorte on N. Bruny, and Cape Raoul, on Tasman's Peninsula, the eastern limit of Storm Bay, and also a great part of D'Entrecasteux Channel. It is connected by telephone with the Mount Nelson signal station and town. The Derwent lighthouse on a small low island, in transit with the larger and higher Franklin Island, is a cable over 4 miles off, bearing E. by N. a little northerly. Franklin Island is practically deserted, the custodian under the Acclimatisation Society having died some months ago. A few cattle are depastured by the South Arm farmers. Like little Dombey, I am always happy in sight of the beauties of a coastline, and hearing of the glorious sea which E.P.H. sings of as "pealing forth her jubilant melody," and this romantic rocky point, with its small verdant clear slope cut out of the dark mountain forest side, affords illimitable scope for enjoyment for those similarly influenced. Two neat white painted houses, one terraced almost high enough above the other to permit of peering down the lower one's chimney - the forest in rear, with a fast tumbling-to-pieces cottage in a clearing on the rounded hill top, and a mournfully naked-looking flagstaff surmounting it, a cliff frontage of flinty iron- stone, with winding stair hewn from the solid, to the kelp plantation of the little cove below, where the boats lie, are the principal objects catching the eye on this final finger of the mainland in this direction, and looking abroad we have sea, islands, peninsulas, and mountains, impossible to convey any adequate idea of in type - a combination of scenery only possible on a coast like ours, whose irregularities of outline are to those of the mountain cut sky-line as a hundred to one more marked. Call it variety, infinitely varied - a picture or gallery of pictures changing in aspect every hour of the 24 under sun, moon, or starlight, and with each phase of that unstable factor called weather. Every form and condition of land, wild and subdued, barren rock, wooded mountain and gully, fertile hill and plain, rising from shore-lines of beach, ledge, and cliff, washed by the over-changing ocean. No two islands alike, no two mountains alike, no two bays, cliffs, reefs, or beaches alike, yet all stamped with one grand distinctive family likeness for all that. A paradox - yes, the south-east coast of Tasmania is capable of involving anybody in a paradox if during a hard gale he got too closely acquainted with it, for he would find the transition between being afloat and being ashore so dreadfully sudden as to appear as Sir Boyle Roche's bird was - in two places at once. Next the pilot station is a largish farm, along what is known as Tinderbox Bay, the best for miles round, but apparently wanting an owner. Captain Harrison at some pains has constructed a small landscape garden in front of his house, the soil having been brought from the hill behind. This improves the appearance greatly, and is a pleasure to him, as he paces the long verandah, spy-glass in hand, on the look-out for vessels. If I say the general tone of the dwelling outside and in is as prim and regular, and as scrupulously clean, as a well-commanded frigate's wardroom, nautical folk will know what is meant. Capt. Harrison has seen 10 years' service afloat foreign, coasting, and whaling. Like most North Countrymen met with in the colonies, he comes of seafaring stock. His father was Queen's pilot to a section of the Baltic fleet during the last Russian war with England, and earned high encomiums from the naval authorities for dexterity, skill, and good seamanship in that dangerous sea of gales and fogs. The captain is proud of these documents. The Derwent pilots are paid salary in lieu of fees, are entitled to pension after a term, and have to find their own boat, and a boatman. Desiring to cross to Bruny, Captain H. placed his boat at my disposal. Bruny, like nearly all the islands and peninsulas on the south-east, is as uneven in shore outline as is tho edge of a spattle of molten lead dropped on the floor, or as a fritter made of thin batter; and again, is mountainous, though the highest ridges inland will not much exceed 1,000ft. in height. Fluted Cape, the S. head of Adventure Bay, is 804ft., Mount Bruny near the extreme south point is 1,050ft., and Bruny Head on the S.W. end, where is a lighthouse, 335ft. Generally North and South Bruny are spoken of as two islands, but they are joined by a long narrow isthmus, which in parts is only a few hundred yards wide. This forms the shore of Adventure Bay on the east, and of Isthmus Bay on the west, the former having a beach of over ten miles. After heavy weathor this beach is piled feet high with kelp, amongst which many and beautiful shells wash up, the most sought after being the trigonia, or king cockle. Capt. Furneaux, in command of the Adventure, the second ship of Capt. Cook's expedition, anchored here in 1773, and the immortal discoverer himself cast anchor in the same place January 20, 1777. The- historical associations of Bruny are perpetuated by the names of distinguished navigators of the last and preceding century as indeed are those of the whole South-East Coast. Tasman entered Storm Bay, embraced between Cape Frederick Henry, the north head of Adventure Bay, and Cape Raoul, on Tasman's Peninsula, at 3 p.m., of November 29, 1642; but, so far as I can ascertain, there is no record of our island's godfather having landed. The second visitor was Marion du Fresne, March 4, 1772, with the ships Mascarin and Marquis du Castries, who entered Frederick Henry Bay. Admiral Bruny D'Entrecasteaux, with the ships Recherche and Esperance, Captains Huon and Kermandee, the expedition in search of the unfortunate La Perouse, brought to in Storm Bay, April 21, 1702, and again at Rocky Bay January 21, 1703. From this position parties made the ascent of Mount Wellington, penetrated to the Lake Country, and discovered the Derwent, which they named La Riviere du Nord. The landing place at North Bruny is called Kelly's Point, formerly a pilot station. There is a farm of 800 acres, owned by Mr. John Denne. About half of this is cultivated and cultivatable, the rest sheep land. I was made very much at home here, and also among branches of the family, which is a large one, spread over the north island. Mr. John Denne and his brother Edward recently were the recipients of a considerable fortune that had been in Chancery since the decease of an intestate ancestor. Between him and them many heirs-at-law lived and died, and one collateral branch who had so much of a joint claim as to be dangerously in the way if disposed to be litigious, ceded all their claim for a large consideration. The claim of the Dennes was pursued by Mr. R. J. Lucas, M.H.A., through agencies in England, a most intricate and laborious work, very much in keeping with what Scripture calls "endless genealogies." The original sum, something like £52,000, by the time the legal gentlemen got through their work, was £23,000 less. Mr. Lucas' emolument, for what was on its face at the beginning an uphill and not perfectly certain game, was agreed to between himself and clients. It was handsome, right well earned and satisfactory in issue. The Denne family originally came from Kent. Woodlands is the name of the house and property at the point. The house is a largish two-storey brick building, with broad verandah round three sides, at an elevation of forty or fifty feet above the sea, and commands a view of the salient points about the lower Derwent estuary as far as Crayfish Point on the west side and Rokeby heights, with the mountains of the whole background. Pearson's Point pilot station, Tinderbox Bay, across D'E. Channel, are of course in close proximity. Something like 20 families live on North Bruny, who are engaged in agriculture, sheep, and cattle grazing and wood cutting, for Hobart fuel supply. By far the larger part of the island, more than the proportion of thirty acres to one, is very poor. The distance from Kelly's Point to Trumpeter Bay is nine miles, leading through a defile between parts of the main chain of hills and along the east side of the island to the neck. I followed a branch to Barnes Bay, the township of Lennon, where is a sheep farm (Mr. Spong's), the quarantine station, a church, store, and a few small mixed farms. Mr. James Davis, of Trumpeter Bay, owns a limited section of what, under careful tillage, must be called good soil - made good by the use of calcined whalebone in time past and shark m anure later. The bay is wholey opon to north-east winds, and has deep water to the almost perpendicular rocky sides, and within a few fathoms of a short stretch of sand beach at its head. Though so open, small craft with good ground tackle, can lay through an ordinary gale inside the line of kelp and under the various points get complete shelter with the wind north or east of the bearing named. An adjoining farm is owned by a son of Mr. John Denne, of Woodlands. At Mr. James Davis' I saw probably the most prodigious crop of potatoes over grown in the colony. The ground, an enclosure in front of the house, part garden, part orchard, and the rest about an acre of potato paddock, is on the whole poor, a mixture of hungry iron- stone, gravel, and sandy loam in the higher part, and all sandy loam lower. Only half of this has been broken up, the remainder carrying its wild vegetation of epacris, fern, and scrub. It is so poor to look at as not to be worth cultivating, or at any rate no selector that knew what land was would give it a thought. Sharks and kelp have been profusely used, and the land well worked. The potatoes, a variety of the sort known as black potatoes, occupy about half an acre, and will average at the rate of 10 tons per acre. For curiosity Mr. Davis measured a square rod and dug 5cwt. He subsequently got another cwt., and from what I noticed he could get a few bucketsful more by going carefully over the piece again. At any rate it was ascertained beyond dispute that the whole patch has equal to 5cwt. per square rod fully, or at the rate of 40 tons per acre. A number of roots were turned over in my presence, to each of which there were 25 to 30 odd tubers ranging from 3lb. and 2lb. each downwards, not counting those unfit for table. The growth of trees in the orchard, stimulated by this fertiliser, is also remarkable, peaches, apples, etc., of two years old seeming like trees of six years, and some four years old are as large as those I am familiar with, on the best cultivated and irrigated lands, at 10 years old. It Is no wonder the fruit growers of the Channel and Huon give £2 per ton for sharks, which, as a fertiliser, certainly surpass anything I have had the opportunity of observing. The dressing is repeated about once in three years. Given a moist season, Mr. Davis expects a heavier potato crop next year off this ground as the manure will be atomised and more fit chemically to feed the vegetation. The Age travelling reporter quotes the rental of potato land in the vicinity of Crossley, three miles from Koroit, Victoria, as having been determined by public auction at £8 7s. 6d. per acre for nine months, the maximum, or for 125 acres an average of £6 10s. He assumes the probable yield at eight tons, and the cultivation, digging, and sending to market, and assessment, £7 9s. 6d. per acre. Mr. Davis and his sons catch the sharks themselves, and in a day will get enough to dress an acre of land. Assume their labour and the value of carting the sharks as 30s. per acre, and the cost of cultvation, etc., to be the same as that in Victoria as quoted, the expenditure is £8 19s. 5d. Potatoes from this neighbourhood are seldom sold at less than £5 per ton, but suppose them to be sold at £3. This, with a yield of 10 tons, leaves £111 0s. 7d. profit per acre. Of course, if every body on the coast used shark manure, and the sharks are everywhere plentiful about this quarter of the year, there would be over-production of potatoes; but in this part nearly every one uses them for their fruit trees, and with astonishingly good results. The fruitgrowers complain that over- production of small fruits and apples with the limited market here and at Sydney, renders this branch of horticulture unprofitable. I have no doubt they are correct, but the remedy is in their own hands as soon as the whole body, or a section of them, lay their heads together, and develop a fiftieth part of the enterprise that a Jacob's oil or Seigel's syrup proprietor does single-handed. I have said before, and say again, that British-India offers just the market they profess to require. A merchant sends his traveller to seek markets, and the traveller generally succeeds. If the fruitgrowers, or a section of them, sent one of their own number, or an agent knowing the country, with samples, if their hearts are not big enough to risk a sensible consignment to India, the market will be found. A steam-ship laden in the lower hold with coals from Newcastle, or broad gauge railway sleepers from here, and 'tween decks full of apples packed to suit the voyage, say 10,000 bushels, ought to fetch Bombay, sailing this month, in about 20 days, and without the ghost of a doubt meet such a success as would cause a clapping of hands violent enough to startle the country. Some growers in the Huon are showing their good sense by boiling up their own small fruits. Mr. Davis took me for a jaunt over to Great Bay, and thence across to the pilot station, at Variety Bay, on the east. On a hill, the second tier from the shore, and near the old station, there is a well built brick church now unused. Shame to say the vandal coasters, hunters, and larrikin element upon the island sacrilegiously have defaced this edifice by scrawling their names all over the walls, and by wanton destruction of parts of the fittings. The Creed, Lord's Prayer and Commandments, needlework in large frames near the pulpit, have escaped, but the wind that blows as it lists through the building, has separated the cloth from its framework. It would serve these Goths as they deserve, to publish all their names; but I forbear. The would-be artist in charcoal crayins, has ornamented (?) the walls too. The station is on the south head of Variety Bay - or was - as the aforesaid vandals have wrecked these buildings, stolen all stealable, and set fire to all the rest that would burn. It could not be a bush fire, for many acres are clear, and the old fences exhibit no signs of it. Mr. W. Lawrence was the last in charge of the pilot station, and he built the house and church, which latter was consecrated by Bishop Nixon about 1843. There is a small bit of shingly beach at the head of Variety Bay, where a creek empties, and this was where the boats were hauled up. All the rest is high precipitous rock, with water fathoms deep right to their bases. Two fishing boats were among the kelp close in, their crews busily hauling in crayfish ere going over the graballs set by the outer edge of this marine plantation. A whaler, the Waterwitch, homeward bound, passed whilst we were there. The flat country and rising ground from Great Bay to the Church Hill is scrubby, and poor, as it ¡s all we traversed except a couple of acres by the creek emptying into the bay; but sheep thrive here, though they will not fatten, neither will cattle. A kind of button grass grows along on the flats, which has a seed vessel covered with small hooks. This is a nuisance, and robs the sheep of a large part of their fleeces. Bruny is not a profitable place on which to fatten stock, but for breeding and keeping on till saleable does very well, sheep and cattle from here being large of frame, and making meat and fat rapidly on decent pasturage elsewhere. Kangaroo are almost extinct. There are no wallaby, native or tiger cats, nor opossums, except the ringtail variety. Rabbits have been introduced, but are scarce, thanks to a number of domestic cats that have been turned out. Wattle birds, parrots, etc , abundant ducks and swans few in number. The shoal bays of the west side at times are alive with mullet and garfish, and in some seasons, though rarely, king fish run ashore on the flats and beaches both sides. Flounders are moderately plentiful on the grassy banks of the bays and in the channel, and along the east shore real and bronze trumpeter, perch, travalli, etc., abound. The Hobart fishermen do not much affect the west shores, as 18 out of 20 days it is a lee one. Water courses are few on the island, though there are several lagoons, two very nice ones at the Woodlands property and a large one on the south end, which some gentlemen think might be drained to advantage. On the south island there are only four families of farmers. At the coal mine by Adventuro Bay, and sawmill at Taylor's Bay, a number of men are employed. Besides these and the lighthouse people this large island has no others. Fowls are a strong suit at Mr Davis', and, indeed, most of the North Bruny Island farms, there being no enemies except crows, which are easily guarded against. People must form their own opinion of Bruny coal. The burial place of the Bruny tribe of aboriginals has never been found. Some of the members of the Denne family find profitable employment in the firewood trade, and have smart vessels - rather too good one would think for sheoaking. They are thinking of billeting the wood by steam power, having in view the purchase of engines of the type I remarked on as being so very useful at Bushy Park. Nothing of extraordinary note was observed on my way back from Trumpeter Bay to Woodlands. I passed two farms, one in the depression by, and the other at the head of Bull Bay, seemingly good land near the shore, and the country is, as remarked of another part, fair sheep country - better than what is between Great and Trumpeter bays. There are no indications of metallic minerals except iron, and of this ore there is plenty. The next day I bade the Denne family adieu, and proceeded down D'Entrecasteaux Channel in the s.s. Minx. She is small, and for ladies with light coloured garments, would not be considered over clean on deck. Bags, cases, parcels, and carcase meat fill the forward deck, and there are a number of passengers for different destinations. Oyster Cove and Peppermint Bay are considerable settlements for these parts, most of the cultivation, however, being out of sight from the shore. The latter place has an inn and church. At all the little ports there are good jetties, which much facilitate the shipment of fruit and other produce and receipt of stores. I left the steamer at Long Bay, and from there my next letter will be sent, after having seen Port Cygnet and places round about June 3. 