ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. (Bl T'ni GHOST.) The Licensing Bill is still dragging its slow length along. Although a month has gone by since first the measure was brought in, only fourteen of the eighty six members who constitute the Assembly have spoken, three speeches per evening being the average up to the present, and quantity rather than quality has been the characteristic of the oratibns delivered. When it is furthermore borne in mind that the fight over the bill will. really be in committee, there is little difliculty in or rivingat the conclusion that if tile Govern ment succeed in passing the bill before Christmas, they may 2onsider themselves fortunate indeed. As for any other legis lation being carried through during the present session, the very idea appears to have been abandoned. All the "encial" questions that were specially to occupy the attention of honourable members have been indefinitely postponed. Indeed, had those little matters affecting our morals and our manners been attended to during the pre sent. Parliament, there would have seon very little left for future legislators to do. As it is, if the Executive proceed at their present rate of going, we shall ere very long assuredly be the best legislated for community under the sun. When we are not allowed to drink, forbidden the pleasure of " cash" betting. prevented from desecrating the Sabbath by railway travel ling, all educated at the State expenseand "protected" in any manufacturing enter prise in which we embark, will not Vic torians be in very sooth the denizens of Australia Felix Y Already, although the general election is more than six months off, are the notes of preparation being sounded. Candidates are announcing themselves and feeling their way about the electorates. Aspirants for political honours are sadly in want of some cry wherewith to awaken interest in the constituencies. If the local option business should happen to be settled before February neat, candidates will be fairly "gravelled for lack of matter" upon which to " orate." Fortunately for the public, but still more fortunately for the "strikers" them selves, the quarrel between the omnibus drivers and their employers has been settled, and the 'buses are once more to be seen about the streets. Whether the concession granted by the directors will satisfy the men remains, however, still to be seen. Anyway, Mr. Campbell, the Post master-General; Mr. Mirams, the member for Collingwood; and Dr. Morrison, the principal of the Scotch College, were the mediators through whose instrumentality an amicable arrangement of the dispute was brought about. While the present sloppy and wet weather we are "enjoy ing" continues, the text that "blessed are the peacemakers" will come home with a great deal of force-to the 'bus-using portion of the public at all events. Tise court-martial on the mutinous Queenseliff artillerymen is still a topic of interest both in and out of Parliament, and the enquiry into the causes which led up to the breach of military discipline which was virtually a court of enquiry into the conduct of Captain Ind and Lieutenant Umphelby - has kept thu interest in the matter alive. The result of the latter investigation-to which, by the way, the Press was not admitted-is, it is rumoured, entirely to exculpate the officers named, and to exonerate them from the blame so lavishly laid upon them by the honourable and gallant lieut.-colonel who represents Ballarat in the Legislative Assembly. A writ of certiorari has been granted by the Supreme Court to bring uip the proceedings in the cases of the, first batch of convicted gunners, and pending the argument in this case the finding of the second court-martial in regard to the other half-dozen "mutineers" is kept secret. There is likely in this case to be a conflict between the civil and military tri bunals, which, should it result adversely to the latter, will be disastrous to the dis cipline of " our army." For rowdiness and vulgar personalities commend us to a meeting of total ab. stainers. The gathering held under the auspices of the Victorian Alliance a day or two ago formed no exception to the rule which obtains at most gatherings of liquor abhorring people. Mr. Deakin, who an evening or two ago p-esided at a local option meeting, was fallen foul of for being 1 the son-in-law of a whisky distiller," by no less a person than " the Rev." Mr. Dowie, who was a fortnight ago released from gaol by the Solicitor-General, and Mr. W. M. K. Vale, who shows his "temperance" principles everywhere except in his speeches, was as abu sive as any Billingsgate fishfag of all who differed from him. After a discussion which the Press termed "stornsy," a reso lution was carried approving of the Government measures as embodied in the Licensing Act, " with amendments." The Premier, Mr. Service, has, perhaps fortunately for himself, caught the preva lent influenza,and although lie was present for a few hours in his oflice on Monday,and well enough to attend an Bxecutivo Coun cil meeting on that day, was unable to put in an appearance in the Assembly on Tuoe day. His absence will enable him to occupy the position of a looker on at the political game now being carried on, and judge of the direction in which the cat is likely to jump. The Premier is becoming quite an adept in the art of tempering the political breeze to the shorn Opposition lambs. There is weeping and wailing and gnash ing of teeth among the tribe of Israel in Melbourne. Mr. Marshall, the " wealthy" mining speculator, has been compulsorily compelled to seek the protection of the Insolvent Court, and the nanies of the chosen people figure prominently in the schedule for large amounts as unsecured creditors. All the large Hebrew capital ists of the Victorian metropolis have been very hard hit, the aggregate amount of their losses totalling upwards of £15,000. It will take a good deal of Christian " interest " to make ups this deficit. 