Turf Gossip. Br CASPIAN. Hardly hare the eohooH of the A.J.O. sporting oarnival died away, than turfites are called upon to asBist in the great southern carnival of racing. Per« haps in no other part of the world do the people evince aa muoh pleasure and desire to assist in sport as the populace of the antipodes. Go where one will, whether by land or water, and the same enthusiasm for the prevailing pastime of the season will be obsorved to almost perfection in the Australias. Many people would think that, af tor the excitement maintained by our sports over Randwick reunion, would in a manner have satiated, at least for the nonce, any appetite for racine. Not so. The same visitors, with an additional contingent from the adjoining colonies, are just as willing to go on with the racing carnival at present as if they had never joined in one pre- viously. At any rate, racing in our colonies haa not only begun, but it is in its zenith, and everybody that oan spare the time and the money will assist to swell the numbers that attend eithei at Caulfield or Flemington. Caulfield is the first to attract attention, and judging from tho number of horses that have left New South Wales, and their quality, I havo not tho slightest hesitation in stating that most of tho principal events will find their way across the Murray. Seldom has our colony sent over a bettor lot than Nordenfeldt, Uralla, Monte Christo, First Chester, Acme, Philip Augustus, Tamarisk, My Lady, Prince Imperial, Honeydew, Lord Exeter, Comet, Crossfire, Tom Brown, Despot, and others, and I question whether such a strong array of the favorably handicapped order was over known in Victoria from our side of the border. On Saturday the Victoria Amateur Turf Club open their meeting of tho spring of 1885, when Mr. N. E. D. Bond will no doubt have a very busy time of it. Judging from our reports to hand, the committeo have made many alterations in the grand stand, and not before they were required. The press have to thank Mr. Bond for his efforts in promoting their comfort, and now the room for their labors is so much enlarged that nearly double tho number can get through their reporting duties. This is aa it should be, and Mr. Bond, who is an old journalist himself t deserves the thanks of the sport- . mg pre¿3. Speaking of the many alterations, I can- not help giving publioity to a few lines from a per- sonal friend, who haa just visited Caulfield. He states that the racecourse never looked so well, nor wera the running tracks in such good going order, nowith standing that a heavy visitation from the " pluvium god" baa attended the racecourse. Camfield opens its carnival on Saturday with the Maiden Plato, which should fall to HIPPOOBIFS1 or Too TOO. Hurdle Eaoe : DURATION or HUNTS- MAN. Great Foal Stakes : MADDELINE (if she starts), ACME, or ANITA. Caulfield Guineas should bring about a good race between Monto Christo, Bing' master, Sunny Days, Juanna Remus,, and Dunlop, and to soloot throe I should place them-RING- MASTER, MONTE CHRISTO, or JUANNA. Hunter's Cup : KULKYNE or ABDALLAH. Toorak Handi- cap s BOHEMIAN, THE GHOST. , - On Saturday tho Sydney Turf Club open their spring meeting, and judging from the re- sponse of owners at this period of the season, an excellent day's racing is anticipated. Five events comprise the programme, opening with the Hurdle Race, for which in the absence of Confi- dence nothing looks better than CYMBAL after his running at Rosohill. Michael and Belle Brandon should be about the next best. In the Spring Handi- cap nothing looks botter than MORCEAU and Gretna. Tho Sapling Stakes, in tho absence of Halcyon, who I think will be retained for Melbourne, should fall to CLIO or HOODWINK. The Selling Plate looks a pretty good thing for DICTATOR or PRINCESS OB* LORNE. Tho October Handicap will produce a good race between HAPPY THOUGHT, POLESTAR, BOORI, or Euroclydon. ; An occasional contributor from "Wallsend makes a suggestion iu another column well worthy of the attention of tho racing mon of the north. Trying to avoid clashing with metropolitan fixtures ia now out of the question ; and there could be no doubt about the advantage to all concernod if tho arrangement, or a close approaoh to it, should ho accepted. The time between tho Wall- send Christmas and Easter fixtures exactly permits of all the important meetings being held, and giving ample time between them for a breather. Favo and Manchester have been scratched for the Wagga Cup and Grand Stand Handicap. . In a trotting match, for ¿850 a side, on tho Agri- cultural Society's Grounds, Mooro Park, on ThursJ day, Mr. Curnow's Nellie defeated Mr. Woodbanks Dandy. Tho latter was the favorite.' _ I Tho Hastings, Jockey Club committee intends to hold a meeting in January, Last Saturday evening Lord Wilton was backed to win the Caulfield Cup for ¿S5000 at 1000 to 40. . Tha Andes was also backed at 100 to 5 and 6 to win about .210,000, and offers were mado to support Helene at 100 to 6. Gratitude was inquired for at 1000 to 45. Grace Darling did a rattling good milo and a half last Saturday at Caulfield, and looks the picture , of health. Volocipode also did a good Cup gallop. Blink Bonny is agam doing strong work. ; ? ïlie owner of Coronet scratched his horse for , tho Caulfield because bo was forestalled by certain, mem- bers of the ring and tho public. What nonsense ! Tho owner could easily have obtained ten or twenty - thousand, averaging not more than 100 to 5. . ". '"f ^ . Mr. George Watson, the well-known Victorian starter, has recovered Buffioiontly to be able to start. at Caulfield. , ' ' V Savanaka, by Kingston from Sappho, who won tbV ; Sydney Gold Cup in 1879, took tho first prize at the . late Adelaide show. . ' . - The motallioians had decidedly tho best of the baokors at tho Rosehill races last Saturday. J Cerise and Bluo (own sister to Clarondon), by Wil- berforce from Myrtle, by Gemma di Vergy from Countess, displayed rare form by winning tho two handicaps at Rosehill. Sinoo her victories, I learn that the maro has been bought by tho well-known bookmaker, H. Oxenham, for ¿6300, and haB been supported for the Melbourne Cup at 100 to 2. Mr. John Mayo haB arrived safely at Newmarket with Prinoe Imporial and Ravensworth. Rosehill mooting on October 3 was what might he termed a fairly successful gathering, although I should like to havo Beon a much largor attendance prosont on tho occasion. Everything in connection the course was in nice order, hut when the time of each race is hoisted on the indicator, it would bo just as well to let the occupants of tho stand learn tho time of each race as those walking about the north end of the enclosure. A good number of people journeyed by tho special steamers which left tho foot of King-street, and I would suggest the advisability of theoompany, if they intond convoying ladies to the oourse by steamer, keeping eithor tho fore or aft Dortion of the steamer for ladies only, or first-class passengers, with the dis- gusting habit of smoking striotly prohibited in tha boats. On tho up and down journey last Saturday, smoking and oard-playing were indulged in injthe presence of ladies, whoroas the same pastimes imghfc Just aa well haye been indulged in away aft. I hopi the steamship company will Bee that next race meet ing a portion is set apart for ladies or first-class pas Bengers only. The withdrawal of Newstead from tho V.R.C. Derbj has been a serious blow to some of the backers in thii city. One well-known penciller hore backed the Soutl Australian colt very heavily, and even in tho face o; the first nows that something was amiss ho stood bj and supported tho son of Neckersgat. Tho owner has set a fairly good example by scratching tho colt as early as he did, for thero wero many even up to thc time of his erasure that would not believe tho coll waa wrong, and the slightest attempt to support thc colt would havo raised his backers to a pitch ol excitement that might have lost them a neap of money. Sensational wagering haa been the order of the day in Melbourne, and it will not surprise me if this state of affairs does not go on for some timo to come. Of late a disposition has been evinced by some clever and shrewd judges to back First Chester for the V.R.C. Derby, and the colt has now roached 100 to 16. If the course is heavy and holding, I don't think anything can boat him. Tho race truly run from the start, ho Bhould beat Nordenfeldt. Philip Augustus has been absent for two mornings from the course at Flemington, and is causing much uneasiness to his backers. Sweet William, although big and lazy aa over, ia doing steady work at Randwick. Whether Mr. Gannon will over get a race out of the old scion of Yattendon is hard to tell, but among tho present, lot of handicap horses ho would have been much better at the stud. When Mr. E. Jellott sold Richmond to Mr. W. Blaokler, of South Australia, he mado a proviso that he was to have choice of ona of the first of his yearlings. Ile has, I learn, selected tho filly from Camellia, wbioh Tothill brought over from Adelaide, and she has been handed over to the Flemington trainer. While Mr. Clibborn is busy with tho erection of the new stand at Randwick (says " Augur"), he might make some extra provision for tho members of the proas. The box sot apart for thom is not nearly ' burge enough, and ia not equal to tho accommoda- tion at Moonee Valley. I learn that it ia tho intention of the Hon. Jamel White having Ptolemy added to the list, owing to his recent display of bad temper at Hawkesbury. Billi«'s Lrrs IN LONDON evidently does not agree ' with the idea of tho V.R.C. offering a prize for frwo Îears-old geldings. I think it is a step in the right iroction. At present we havo mora entire colts of middling and doubtful pedigree than is conduoive to \- the welfare of our thoroughbred stock. If a similar stake was instituted in Great Britain one would not hear of so many roarors and bad-legged and bad--j constitutioned horses on the turf, for the reason that breeder» would have a better command over the selection of their etallions. By tho French mail which arrived in Melbourne last Tuesday, the jockeys Biley and Carey landed from the Mauritius. A month or so since a novel match took place between Don Quixote" and Duke- dom, The committee took charge of each horse and appointed jockeys (-«rhom they changed in the second heat). Don Quixote ton both heats pretty com- fortably; and as tho tana for tho final was 2min 56soo (distance 1 mile 5 furlongs), Mr. Wallace's cast- off must be in rare form.. .; Montem, tho high-priced son of The Fawn, cut a .torry figure at the late Rosehill races. The colt un 'forfunately possesses a crooked leg, which was very .risible while cantering. Chesham, by Grand Flaneur from Lady Chistar, the dam of Chester and Monmouth, displayed rare form at Rosehill by winning the Two-years-old Han- dicap. . ' Subscriptions tb the late Fred. Dicker Hamilton's widow and family are coming in slowly. Fernside, who has boen anything but a good thing io Mr. Jas. Wilson, of St. Albans, has been made a Sresent to E. Sampson of this city. Tho forfeits ue on the colt are more than he ia worth. I understand (says " Pegasus," of the QTJBEKB jXiAin>£B) that there are a good few horses now at work at Kedron Park, besides Maccabes'a lot, which con- sista of Wetherondale, Castaway, » Reugny colt, 'and the well-bred Chrysos (now on the Bick list), there Tare the Blinkboy colt (engaged in Sapling Stakes), and another chestnut horse, whose .same I don't know. Thia number will soon be augmented by the occupants of the new boxes that Mr. Jordan, of the Old Australian Hotel, is erecting , at Thorroldtown. Here the smart Yately and the ' hurdle horse Napoleon take up their quarters almost Immediately, and Mr. Phillipa haa The Gift aud a colt ¡by Melbourne out of First Flight, who wiU probably Join Mr. Jordan's Btring in their now residence. ; understand that Prism, who was lately working at Eagle Farm under G. Harris's oharge, has been ?old to Mr. Harrison, of Gympie. It wül be noticed that this horse's name has been changed to " Have- lock " by his new owner. Harry Walsh's string has been further increased hythe arrival last week of Barford and Wolseley, who have come to complete their preparation for our spring meetings. . Owners are reminded that entries for the Sydney Driving Park Trotting Club events close with the secretary, Mr. F. Webster. Tattersall's-buildings, Hunter-street, on Ootober 14 On Ootober 14 owners and trainor« will do well to lear in mind that entries for the Tattersalls Cup . and Carrington Stakes close with Mr. James Perry, Tattersall's rooms, not later than 4 o'olook. Entries for the Summer Cup and Anniversary Handioap are .also made at the same time with Mr. T. S. Ohbborn. seoretary of tho A. J.O. ' There is a good deal of spéculation as to the forth , coming races in Wallsend, and in the early morning .racers are to ho soon on the turf practising their paces for the different events. At Raymond Terraoe; Chapman and Brown are in steady and constant training for the rowing match to .come off on Saturday next. Confidence has been scratched for the Sydney Turf . Club Hurdle Bace. At a meeting of the oommitteo of tho A.J.C, ; tenders were accepted for the new St. Leger stand. Mr. Braokenrig, tho trainer of the racehorse Tom Brown, _ denies the report that the horse has been placed in M'Grado's hands to train for his Mel- bourne engagements. M'Grado's only oonneotion with the son of Kelpie will be that he has boon re- tained to ride him in the Caulfield and Melbourne "Cup raceB. Sportsmen are reminded that nominations for tho Narrabri Handicap of 200 sovs, and the Town Plato of 100 sovs, will dose on Monday, October 12. Below are tho scratchings for tho various handicaps . to bo competed for at the Wallsend Amateur Bace ; meeting, to como off in Wallsend on Saturday: relying Handicap: Sir Bonald, Maggie Moore, ; Christopher Sly. Plattsburg Handicap: Maggie Moore, Claudius, Sir Bonald, Sportsman, Christopher Sly. . Ladies' Bracelet: Jack P"oarty, Carlyle, v Christopher Sly. It will bo noted that this leaveá .good fields still in, aa follow :-Plying Handicap 15, , ladies' Braoelot 12, Members' Handicap 12, and tho Plattsburg Handicap 12, À BUCOOBBÍUI mooting is confidently anticipated. 