THE W0LL0MBI. Hit. LYALL SCOTT AT GOSFORD. By Tepeghaph. IntOM OCR OW.V reporter.) GoSFOitn, Wednesday. — To-night Mr. Lyalj Scott addressed the electors for the Wollombi from the balcony of (he Royal Hotol, Gostord, when the proceedings were of an orderly charac- ter. ro.niuiy tins was owing to the fact that Mr. Se tt is locally considered sure of tho soati his long connection in tho neighborhood, which dates from 1457, giving him a prior claim upon the residents. There seems, too, to bo a gene ral fooling that the fact that Mr. Scott now resides in Sydney is rutlmr an advantage than otherwise to tho proprietor of tho lnvgeat steamer that calls here, tho Charlotte Fenwick, and as the owner of u considerable property near Gosford, it is felt thnt his inter ests are bound up with those of the electorate, and that no repetition of the apathy displayed' by the late member (Mr. GorHck) heed he feared. The names of the other two candidates, who will probablv come forward, are Messrs. George -Anderson and Alfred 8. Jaqucs, of whom the farmer is considered to. have the better chance. Mr. H. Bartons took the chair and briefly introduced Mr. Scott to tho assembly. Mr. Scott, who was received with cheers, said that he was glad to see so many familiar faces around him. He would briefly refer to the claims he had upon their attention, which lay in his long residence amongst them. Borne years back, without! being egotistical, he wished to remind them that ho had been both a magistrate and chairman of the local school board, in the former capacity gaining tho confidence of his neighbors to such au extent that ho was tho happy subject of a petition signed by the residents praying for his appointment as police magistrate. He had to supervise many public works, some of which had stood to this day, a period of 28 years, and on that point he had something to say. Ho objected altogether to the present system of centralisation of Government depart ments, under which local works were under the entire control of officials in -Sydney, There was the road-uiuking of the district which was under a Superintendent of .Boads, who was so hampered with instructions from tho head-office that he was auable to use his own judgment or to take the hints of the local meu. What wa3 wanted was an annual election of road trustees to carry out these works and then if such works were not pro perly executed tho uustees could be turned out at tho end of the year. (Cheers.) That was the plan he would support sooner than wait for a Local Government Bill, a bill which had been dangled before them for many a long year and would not bo passed for many years more. Then as to the entrance to the harbor and the half tide rocks he had beard of the Govern ment asking Sir John Coode, the, greats engineer , to examine tho entrance to' Brisbane Water, and that it was hoped that a better course of navigation would be obtained without further delay. He had just received a telegram which ho would now read to them, it was as follows : — " Sorry Mr. Farnell cannot contest Wollombi, he takes seat in Upper House." Voice : "AU the better, ho has not q. ghost a of show hore." Well, he had thougfiT it bettur to lot them know the exact position of affairs, aud lie had not mentioned the matter witir thu object of indulgiug iu any invective. No doubt Mr. Faruoll know his own business best, aud ho himself had no more to say. Now he would say something about the Land Act. He was opposod to that Act, aud the more so when ho saw before him so many who owed their home steads and their happiness to Sir John Bobert son's Act. (Loud cheers.) That Act had its faults, but Sir John w.as so fond of his darling child that he could soe no evil in it, aud would listen to no suggestion's of improvement. Well, than, he admitted improvement wa3 wanted, but not of the kind attempted by ParUamcnt. He would say more, that the alterations ware uot the work of Parliament, but of a majority of squatters. (Cheers.) Ho could speak all night about the Laud Act, for the subject was a large one, but he would only refer to one matter, and that was the hardship's to tno.poor man under the fencing clause the severity of the forfeiture clauses, aud the im proper amount of authority placed by it iu tho hands of tho Minister for'Lunds at the same time. He would say he was not referring to Mr. Farnell particularly. With all his faults, he be lieved that geutlomen to be thoroughly honest and upright. (Hear, hear.) As to the Educa tion Act, he had to say that he thought It a good one in that neighborhood before thu pas sing of ibe compulsory clause. He had known many parents who had deprived themselves of their children's aid in order to give them tho 'education they had .never had themselves. Tho Act was thoroughly good. (Cheers.) He would say on the bond of protection that he was a thorough frao-trador. How oould protection servo the navvy and the stonemason ? Would it benefit him to protoct his boots or his clothos ? What was wanted was the protection of good roads and lower rail .vay rates, so that farmers might carry their producc to market with profit to thouiselves. (Oiicors.) Any industry which wauted coddling up with protection was not worthy tho uuuts of iudustry. Ho would abolish a good deal of Custom-house revenue, resulting from taxes iu tea and such uccessaries. Instead he would luive a proporly lax. Why should a rnau who owned half George-streot pay no more than his draymau? He said : Tux property, but don't tax income; aud had Mr. Dibhs carried out this idea there would uot now be before him the deficiency which shortly ho would have to moot for want of a property tax. One of the things Ue in tended to try for if the electors did him the honor of returning hint was n division of the electorate. There were 1C72 voters oil tho roll already, and the olectorato was naturally divideil into tho interests of Brisbane Water and those of Wollombi and the Hawkcs- bury. He hail ' little more to' say.. (A voice: "Local option.") No, lie would not pledge himself to that ; they hat) Sunday closing already, and what was the result ? Wliou he saw . men rolling about ou Sunday drunk and spoke to i the police, they told him, "Well, sir, Ihcy watch us better than we watch them." (Loud laughter, and a voice, " Federation.") Well, ithat wu3 a very nice cry ; it sounded well, and that was all. He" would bo sorrv to see New South Walos federate, and here ite would say how much he regretted the resignation of Sir Alexander Stuart — a pure and prudent statesman who had hud too much wisdom to he inveigled into federation to the manifest disadvantage of his adopted country. (Cheers.) As to payment of members, whilst admitting that there was much to be said on both sides, still lie felt that there ought always to bo fouud men willing to come forward for the love of their country. He was 911 the whole against it. He had al ready said that local .government ought to be speedily Introduced ; but iu the meantime, whilst the grass was growing the steed was starving, and thurefore he would like to see that pressiug matter of the roads settled with out waiting for local government. (Hoar, hear.) He stood there ou his own footing as q new man. He was pledged to no party, nor would he lie. He wisnod to be returned on his ewn merits, and intended to euppert, uot uient but moosuras. (Choere.) As for the Civil Servioo Ant, he thought it due of the greataet bungle.; ever committed — (cheer.) — a buugle committed by a House full of lawyers. (Cheers.) As te the Soudau question, he thought it a thing of the past ; iu the future, he hoped that troops might onlv be seut when England really needed hrip. (Hear, hear.) The candidate, |wlio had a free, practical style, with a ready uuswsr, which turned the laugh against all intruders, was remarkably well re ceived by the meeting, which consisted of about 10b or 180 men. Mr. W. J. Chapman proposed Mr. Scott us a fit and proper person to represent thelelectorate, and Mr. J, IVhltoivay seconded the resolution, which was unanimously carried. 