the lksson of ohristmas Vbclber the " of Chiistmis, in Ihn Uarical MM, of lb. word, wns lir.t instltuud when Antoninus Tin- was Kmpsror'of Rome, from 138 to ltll A D, or whsther its first csln- brntion among tho tsilf Christinas WM post- ponsd nntU ths rsign of ths brutal debanohss Cotnmodos. in 180 AD., m.ttars bat Httls to as now-a days. It was ar'-'hing bat a msrry time, however, er- i who featured to honor t>" - Founder of their r.'' SaUh'- ..mi, eappUed . -uis aboat ths jrsai j.., whsa hs orderad his troops to set fin tea church in which a numbse ot Ihsst weis ealebratiag the festlfal, nseao doubt as Isrgs a one as was ertr carried into a baronial hall, bat a repe tition ol ths oeremony sronld not oondose to awrrimrnt. Neither dose anyone whs appro dates Christmas tlm la ths reel sense of ths term csre to enter Into any srgamsat sbont ths tbsolnts dots of ths nativity. It safficet for Christians in ths nineteenth centnry that ChrLtnes Day, as we recognise It, has been for years s time- honored festival— a day of net and phaemt to all so far at the ricleeitndes of human life will permit ; and, abort aS, a day of reconoiliatioa, forgiveness, yssce and goodwill. The man who dosa not, to lie best of his ability, enjoy himself nnd try to nake others enjoy themselves, on Christinas Hy is a churl indeed. It hs bl rich and can I »ot do so, be is an object for pity end contempt, feather than for envy. If ho be poor or trouble stricken, let him take oonrage in the reflection that there are others who may be even poorer and more troubled than himself, and eenka the beet of it for himself and all aronnd him. If he be tick and weary let him remember that sick' aese is the oommon lot of all that, except to a favored few, life is a hard battle, but that then are soma merry days in the hardest campaign, and that the warrior who wins the prise is not the laggard who lies moaning in the lists after e fall, bat he who remounts for afresh attack against misfortune. In the innenuoet racemes of the fatal casket given to Pandora lay conoaaled the greatest of mi ooou " Hope/' end that heat of all consola- tiona remains still fnr any men who bee the slightest element of that great deaidaratnm in hie composition. Ho may bava not bean very tooceaefal since he last kept his Christmas, but 1st him, nevertheless, eat and drink what he can get, be as merry as is possible, possess bis soul in peace and goodwill towards all men, and above all bnmbly trust that there is good fortune in stem for all who try hard to win it. It was not by sulking in his tent that Achilles won his glory, and had ho not roused him for the fray at last, it is mora Una probable that " ths blind old man of Scio's rocky isle " would have fonnd uncommonly little to say about him. Bat beyond nil, 1st as at thia happy see son and in this spatially favored land bo mindful ot the m lesion of Him whose birth we celebrate— "Ptaoe nnd goodwill." If a man has an enemy let him try and make a friend of him. If there bo n family fend— the wont of all fends because the weakness of each party is known to the other— lot a little child he set in the midst and heal it. The moet mirerable ot the "wailing ghosts" that the phantom showed to Kbeaezer Bjrooge in Charles Dickens's Christmas carol was that of the man whose eelt fored chain prevented him from gclng to tho aieistance of a poor woman in distress, aad the Bret thing Scrooge hinuelf did after realising his rea'lj wretched life was te shake hands with the nephew whose advances he had spumed Let as remember, too, thee even hen the poor are always with us. Theaki too meirlfnl Providence we have keen blamed with prosperity all through tba year, aad those in our asylums and charitable iastltntioni an well cared for. But them an many other directions in which the wealthy and well-to4o oan assist those who have not been to fortunate in lift aa themselves, and Christmas time above all others is the season in which every men who hse the omens to enjoy himself shonld do his ntinost to place the earns means within the reach Of others. 