CONFESSION. The practice of Confession is unorthodox aB a matter of Church doctrine, and has not a shred of claim to Catholicity, . In- treating of Church doctrine we include, the toaching of the Reformed Protestant Church of England as by law established, and which is recognised evon bv the highest Anglicans as being at least & branch of . the Holy Catholic, Church ; therefore in a question of . Catholic doctrine her voice must go for something. We will first -Bhow what: the direct testimony of the Church of England is on the subject, and then notice: some; portions in tlie Liturgy -which.. are supposed, in opposition to the direct testimony, to support the. notion of Auricular Confession and absolution by the priest. :We will begin by drawing attention to soma emphatic statements oxtractod from tho Homilies, which even innovating ritualistic clergy, by their assent to the Thirty-nine Articles, have declared to " contain Godly and wholesome doctrine," and which, are " judged to be road in churches diligently and distinctly, so that they may be undorstandod of the people." The following quotations are from tho second part of the Homily on Repentance : — Wheroas the adversaries go about to wrost this place ("confess your faults one to another") for to maintain their Auricular Confession withal, they aro greatly deceived themselves and do shamefully deceive. others. If this text ought to be understood of auri cular confession then tlie nrinstq are na mnnli bound to confess themselves to tho lay people ns the lay poople are to confess themselves to them." The Homily next deals with the text, " Go shew thy sol f to the priests," and asks, " Do they not (that is, ' the adversaries ') see that tho leper was cleansed from his leprosy before be was by Christ sent unto the priest." Again, " We ought to acknowledge none other priost for dolivoranco from our sius but our Saviour, Jnsns Christ." Then tho Homily quotes St. Augustine, " What have I to do with men that they should hoar my confession as though they were able to heal all my diseases?" with much more to tho same effect, adding, " Augustine Would riot have written thus if Auricular Confession hud boen used in hiB time." Finally, after acknowledging that " those troubled iu conscience iuay repair to their learned curate or pastor, or to some other godly learned man (observe how carefully Tho word, or idea, of priest is avoided), that they may receive at their bauds ; the comfortable salve of God's Word." It is remarked, " but it is against the true Christian liberty that any man should- be bound to the numbering of his ' sins as it hath been used heretofore in the times .of blindness and ignorance." Thus, Canon , Knox-Little, as an udvocate for the intro duction of Confession, is described by his own church as an " adversary," and charged with returning to the practice of " times of blind ness arid ignorance." But perhaps the Canon is one of thoso whose conscience, while it binds him to tho ornament rubric, or rather to his own interpretation of it, does not bind him to accept the Homilies, although they contain tho deliberate opinion of his church. The Ritualistic conscience wo know is not only elastic but eclectic, it selects and rejects ac cording to fancy. It is on this principle tho advocates of Apostolic succession, and of the divine right of Bishops, only nccept such Episcopal utterances as accord with their own views, otherwise tlie following joint reply of the two Archbishops (Tait and Thompson) to an address presented to them on the subject of Confession in tho year 1873, might have some weight with them : — " Wo believe that through tho systom of the Confessional great evil has bsen wrought in the Church of Rome, and that our Reformers acted wisely in allowing it no place iu our Reformed Church, and wo take this oppor tunity of expressing our. entire disapproval of any such innovation, and bur Ann determin ation to do all in our power to discourage it." '' This opinion of the twoArch bishops should be bo especially noted. It proves that if Confession is now a part of teaching of the Holy Catholic Church it was not so twelve yoars ago, that is to say, if the Church of England is a branch of that Church, and if its iwo Archbishops, spoaking ex cathedra, were trustworthy ex ponents of its tenets. . This is a tough nut for those to crack who assert that Bishops hold \- ex officio in their mind and conscience tho trne - faith, and who also hold that universal con sent of the accepted authorities of the Church : iB necessary to prova a doctrine orthodox. Canon .-Knox- Littlo; if . his words have . been correctly reported, rocently condemned the two Archbishops as " fools and cowards," and. yet ho belongs to tho school which be- lieyes in ;the divine right of Bishops ! It is : a wonder, that the common sense of EngliBh- I men does riot revolt, against such transparent inconsistency. ; So far we have shown what our Church has taught in hor formniarios and by the mouth of hor highest officers, it; is now needful to ; prove, that, this condemnation of the Confes sional system iB not contradicted or modified by statements found in the services and rubrics. The Prnyor-book affords no warrant for- Auricular Confession ; gives no authority to her ministers to absolve from sin bo as to socriro for. them God's pardon, but on the contrary, has distinctly repudiated such ideas. In thegonoral Confession, we are taught that " God, pardoneth and absolveth all them that truly, repent , and unfoignedly believe His Holy Gospel." ; Similarly,- the Absolution in the Com- : munion Service is nothing more than a prayer for tho , people put. into tho mouth of the ministor that "Almighty God may have meroy. upon. them." There is indeed a very strong expression in tho visitation of tlie sick, which tho Prayer- book Revision Society are most wisely seeking to getexpunged, for such words as thefollowing are certainly very likely to inialea I "Our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath left power to His Church to absolve all sinners who truly repeat and believe in Him, of His great mercy forgive thee thine offences : And, by His authority committed to me, I absolve thee from all thy sins, In the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and1 of the' Holy Ghost. Amen." But oven this apparently strong assertion of tho absolving power of tlio; priest loses all weight as an argument for " tho adversaries" when two points' are. observed : first, that thoro is -no AtVri- cular or private Confession contemplated in the service for the visitation of the sick ; no Closeting of priest and penitent. The service is one in which the prtisenoe of the sick man's friends is taken for granted, tkoy have to take part in the rosponsos, and there is no direction for them to loavb thb room ; secondly, and this is in itself conclusive, immediately after the form of absolution above quoted, follows this prayer " O most merciful God, : Open Thine eye of morcy upon this Thy servant, who most earnestly desiroth pardon and forgiveness. And forasmuch as he putteth hia full trust only in Thy morcy, impute not unto him his former sins, ' and, when Thou art pleased to tako hita henco, take him unto Thy favour, through tho merits of Thy host rinnrlv hiilnvnrl Son. .Teiuia Chi-inf: nnr Lard. ' 1 Now, if the order of those two portions of. tlie service had been reversed, if the prayer of tho minister that God would absolve the sick person bad come first, and tho pronouncing of tlio absolution followed, then there might have been some ground for . maintaining that after prayer made to God, thb minister, by virtue of his olfice, can forgive sin ; but as tlie form of absolution precedes tlio prapar for God's forgiveness, it is clear that those who drew up this service did not mean to imply that' the minister could do anything" more tlian rpmovo any occ! esiastical censures to which the sick man may have been Iiabio ; in other \vords, the Cliurch has forgiven him his trespasses against tlio Church, hot against God; on any other supposition the service; stultifies itself : first, it absolves tlie sick man, and then the momsnt after it prays G->d to absolve hiin and repr: sents the aicK inait as earnestly desiring God's pardon and forgiye- noss. ; \ 'V 'V.'-/." ' This is a simple reducUo ad absurdum r It, is as thongh a benevolent man wore, tu dis charge, all the liabilities of an insolvent friend, pay twenty shillings in the pound, and then to beg the creditors to forgive his friend the balance. . It is all important that Churchmen should be " posted up" in these two points: first that the service for the visitation of tho sick .excludes the possibility of Auricular Con fession ; and secondly, that it also excludes-. any idea tbnt tho absolution pronounced by ' the priest, conveye forgiveness of sins as re gards tho sick man's standing before God. A thorough acquaintance with the formularies of our Church will enable Churchmen not only to hold their own, but to turn the tables on Ritualistic dissenters. Nevertheless, we fully acknowledge that there is a very formidable ghost in the servico for the Visitation of the Sick, which wants laying by tho Prayer- book Revision Society, as it is enough to scare weak-minded, though honest Churchmen out of their wits. There is yet one more point to bo noticed with rogard to the teaching of the Prayer-book on tho subject of Confession, namely,, the Rubric which stands at the head of the sort ice for tho Visitation of the Sick, this has only to be compared with the one it displaced to show tho intention of its framors. ' Rubric as -it stood m.,Prayer-J)oblc of 1549, . . If those of you whose, conscience is troubled and grieved in anything#;?:;® let him. come to me or, to some other discreot'and learned Priest taught in tbo law of God, -and: cow/ers and open his. sin;- and . grief secretly, that lie may receive such ghostly counsel and advice and.comfort that bis < conscience - may; bo re lieved: and that of -us, as 'ministors of God and- of , the; Church,, he. may receive comfort: and absolutions ® , ?,.?. requiring: such , ob sball-be satisfied with , a general: confession not to be offendedwitlrthem that do use to their, fur ther satisfying;, the auricular and secret com- fession to a priest. . Rubric as it now stands in our Praycr-boola .. If there be. any-' of you who 0 0 re- quiroth further comfort or couhsol, let him come to mo or some other discreot and learned Minister of God's word and open Ms grief, that by the Ministry of God- s Holy Word he may receive the benefit of ' absolution ,' together with the ghostly counsel and ad vice to the quieting, of his conscience and avoiding of all scruple and doubtfulness. It will be seen that tlio word: Priest was changed by , our reformers to Minister ; that the absolution to be given by the - priests ("ws") was changed into " absolution by the Ministry of God's word that the word confers was 'altogether omitted, as well as the word " secretly ; " and that the concluding paragraph sanctioning Auricular and secret Confession to a prieRt was wholly expunged. No stronger evidence can, be adduced that the reformers repudiated' the - idea of Auricular Confession, tho advocates of which will show their wisdom,; if they pass over this, to theiri, damaging rubric in silence, the only reason they do not do so' is- either because they are ignorant themselves of the alteration made by tho compilers o'f the authorised Prayer-book or else they reckon on the ignorance of others.' Thus,' while the Church has distinctly con demned the doctrine of Auricular Confession and priestly absolution in her Homilies, this condemnation is confirmed and not contradict ted by those yeryJ portions of her services which are often quoted nv support of "these deadly err'ors.- -From the Englisli Churchman. 