PAR NOBILES; OB, A PRETTY PAIR OF BISHOPS. By " PRUTETRE." [Right Reverend Dr. Thornton's challenge means that Dr. Thornton is the infallible doctor—The Jewish Church infallible- Why the Jewish Church was infallible— Fallible finger-posts lead travellers astray —The Congregational Articles of the Church of England—The Scripture foundation theory and its origin—The Anglican Nihilist who believes nothing but what can be proved by Scripture—Where Cranintit learned his fallibility—The object of Infallibility not understood by Dr. Thornton The primary object of infaIibility not to make men saints, or prophets, or clairvoyants—The Catholic doctrine, which Dr. Thornton, as the "Ballarat Boy," and Dr. Moorhouse, as the "Melbourne Bruiser," should learn before they talk about it.] It may be all very fine and very fiery and very funny for the Right Reverend Dr. Thornton to pull off his episcopal coat and apron, tuok up his rochet sleeves, and challenge all Catholic creation to come out into the middle of the best and biggest street in Ballarat - and get its two infallible eyes knocked into one fallible peeper. But before this glove of defiance is taken up by any Catholic champion, it is just as well, perhaps, for us to understand what his lordship proposes to go into the P.R. about. Dr. Thornton denies that the doctrine of papal infallibility is contained in the Scriptures. Now, here at once several questions arise and call for clear, direct, and adequate answer. 1st. To what Scriptures does Dr. Thornton allude. Does he include the Scriptures of The Jewish Church. If so, his lordship will have to confess that these Jewish Scriptures, like the Scriptures of the Christian Church, emanated from the Jewish Church, and did not give rise to it. The Jewish Church rises first, and the Jewish Scriptures after, and the priesthood of the Jewish Church were the interpreters and expounders of their own Scriptures. The written words could not explain themselves. The written words required a living voice to teach the hearers of the word, just as God subsequently appointed in the Christian Church. " The priest's lips shall keep the knowledge of my law." And what was the Jewish High Priest' in his character of Dootor of the Law of Moses, only a type of ihe Sovereign Pontiff of the more holy dispensation—the father of the whole faithful Book. Dr. Thornton may not be a COLENZO, but,* as a professor of Biblical literatnie, Dr. Thornton surely knows that the Jewish Church 'was an infallible witness to the Gentile nations around it of the true faith and morals originally enjoined on mankind by the Creator. The Jewish Church in its teaching capacity was an infallible teacher. Xt had an unmistaken knowledge of its own •faith and its own morals, and was the voice •of God to all its members. If the Jewish Church was not infallible in its own order, then Moses was one of the greatest liars and most truculent and remorseless murderers ever named in history for our everlasting execration, and-every blaspheming Jew ever put to death by Jewish law and Jewish Sanhedlin for heresy was savagely and iniquitously butchered. But the Jewish Church—that is, the Jewish people or nation selected by -divine predestination to keep alive the knowledge of the one living and true God in the -earth—had - received the most convincing proofs of its mission, both in Egypt and at Mount -Sinai, and upon the conviction thus -stamped into that Church's mind and memory the Jewish Church acted. Christ 'himself declared its infallibility in those things wherein God's revelation to it was to be preserved, and to be the "schoolmaster •who should bring us to Christ." Andthen, " Christ being come, a High Priest of good things to come" ,{Heb. ix.];gave us proofs quite as convincing that " the better things" —the more glorious dispensation' provided for the, spread of the gospel—had actually come, and as this better dispensation, a fortiori,' required 'an infallible priesthood, this infallible priesthood was given. " The mdre excellent way" was not left without infallible guides -and way-marks. Fallible finger-posts would only set travellers astray in the bush, and it isn't a very pleasant fate to get astray and lost in the bush. Infallible DR. Thobntok. His lordship has'studied the five books of Moses and the other Jewish Scriptnres to very, very poor purpose if he has not diBoovered therein that the " Church in the wilderness " was of .necessity infallible—a fully instructed and undeceivable teacher under the Jewish dispensation.- But, now, I should like to know how. Dr. .Thornton is so infallibly sure that the papal Infallibility is not to be traced in the ^New -Testament Scriptures. - The Christian Church required government'and instruction in perpetuity. Christian Society was not fqr a day, or for 'twenty years, but nntoitbe end of the -world.- It 'was to be— as the Jewish Church had been—under one head, and under one'and the same uniform law in doctrine, worship, -and discipline.- It was to be one city, set upon a hill so .that all the nations of the earth might see anid know .it, and never mistake it for any dther pretending city. Christ personally formed Suoh a Society or Church, and made hia apostles infallibly to know that they were the first of a teaching and governing Order which was never for _ a moment to cease, or fail, or mistake its minion. On this evangelical priesthood Christ conferred extraordinary powers, such as the powers of striking sinners dead, as Peter did, or as striking them blind, as Paul did. In the plenitude of these powerspowers of life and death, powers of extending the Christian Society—the apostles and others went forth and proclaimed all tho doctrines of Christ. They formed, and moulded, and regulated, and instructed, and reproved. Then, after the lapse of some years, these apostles wrote letters to congregations at a few cities, and three of these apostles alsO wrote short accounts of the life, death, end resurrection of Christ. St. Luke wrote a very short sketch of St. Paul's missionary labours and oth'.r events. Dr. Thornton says he is most infallibly certain tlia*, Hi these epistles and gospels there is no mention of papal infallibility. His lordship, then, does not wholly deny the existence of such a gift as infallibility, but modestly takes it to himself. How does Dr. Thornton know that there is no trace of papal infallibility in the writings of apostles who wielded the authority of Almighty God, and who had infallible knowledge of all that God had sent them to teach and to do. Oh, says Queen Victoria's bishop of Ballarat, I believe in Martin Luther, aud like him I have read the New Testament over thirty or forty times, and read it also in the Greek, and I have thus arrived infallibly at an infallible opinion of my own, and infallibly declare that there is no such doctrine as papal infallibility in the gospels or the inspired epistles. In plain English, Dr. Thornton, in the exercise of his own private opinion, tbirk* there is no such thing as papal infallibility in the "Bible," and, therefore, the 600 Catholic bishops and all the theologians who assembled in Rome in A.D. 1870 to consider the whole subject were fools, and he, Dr. Thornton, is the wise, infallible Protestant Anglican Bishop of Ballarat. Of course it, would be extravagant presumption to compare the knowledge of 600 Catholic bwshops consulting in Council with the erudition of r. Thornton, but among them were cores and hundreds of the most pro ound, eloquent, and learned scholars of the 19th century, students of Scripture from their youth up, and who b»d the Scriptures in many languages by heart. These divines, and the whole C00 prelates who composed tho last General Council, had no difficuUy whatever in finding the doctrine of the papal infallibility in every one of the gospels and epietles and Acts of the apostles. But, passing over this little fact as of r-« c^nsequcnce in Dr. Thornton's estimation, I ask him if he ia aware of what he is saying and doing when he denies the infallibility of the Church of Christ—the Catholio Church—for this is what Dr. Thornton really means, and this he is officially pledged to do l>y Mi relation to the Protestant Anglican Ijv.v Churoh Establishment whv-h his brother Protectants, the Congregalionalists, eo earnestly desire to pull down, us an unscriptural hindrance to The salvation of souls. Dr. Thorntons Churoh" binds him to the infidel's dogma as stated in Abticles 19, 20, 21 of the notorious 39, as set forth by Queen Elizabeth 330 years ago. These Articles say that "the Church" [meaning the Privy Council of Ed ward VI. ai:d of Elizabeth] has no power to decree anything but that which is allowed by "Scripture." These Articles say than the Church " has authority, but only tbe authority " of Scripture." These Articles savthat " tbe Churches" [meaning the con gregations] at Alexandria, and the congrega tions at Jerusalem, and the congregations^ Antiooh, have erred both in matters of faith and ecclesiastical practice. These Articles say that as " the Churches" of Alexandria, and Jerusalem, and Antioch have erred, so also "the Church "of Rome has erred, both in the faith and in ecclesiastical practices. These Articles [and Art. VI.] say that these three creeds, the Apostles', the Nicene, and Athanatian, are only to be received and believed beoause they can be proved by most certain warranty of Scriptare. So that, according to these fallible Articles of the excommunicated Church of England, all "Chnrohes" have erred from the faith, and taught falsehood instead, and that all "Churches" erred because they departed from "the Scriptures, and that whatever Churoh goes by the Soriptnres is infallibly right. This is Dr Thornton's profession of faith, and it Is just as old as the seoond year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, who adopted Archbishop Cbanmbb'B • , Articles of faith, which had been set up ten years previously. Cranmer, in coming home to" "England from Italy in A.D. 1633, had made a long oall a£ Nuremberg, and tbere perfected himself in the devilish nonsense arid novelties of Mr." 'Luther. "Cranmer brought these novelties of Luther and a harlot with him to England, and when HENRY VIII. 1 died, Cranmer raised the new Lutheran warcry, " Up with the Scriptures " and." Down with the Catholic Church," and this Lutheran dogma is the fundamental principle of Dr. Thornton's Protestant Chnrch of England, and equally so of the Presbyterian Solemn League aud Covenant Calvinisti<;al Geneva Church, and ojf the Nonconformist Congregational Oliver Cromwell Church, and 99 other most "truly Scriptural Churches," ; from the Manicbsean Aibigenees down to tlie Salvation Army, whioh seems to be tho laughing stock ot Dr Thornton's " brother ("of Melbourne. The Object and Use of Catholio INFALLIBILITY. The object and design of an infallible voice or tribunal iu tin Church seems ui> niu h a mystery f>ud stumbling block to Dr Tin rn ton as the thing iUc-lf. Its immediate object was not tn make men holy, nor to toake them pc-rfect Christiana, nor prophets, dt to c nip 1 them to continue in thn grace of Guo. Christ—as Dr. Thornton will perhaps admit—was infallill-- He had divine knowledge of all his own doctrines Christ, taught Judas Iscariut all Christian doctrinrsfor three yeaTS, yet C' riet's personal instruction didn't avail to prevent Judas from betraying Christ. Neither did Christ's infallible teaching nor the awful contciouvriees of the apostles of their own miraculous powers for the healing of all disarm, herp th'-m from f rsnkii it their Master in the End hour of bis distress. H-retics may lead peaceable, indii«»ri,. us, good lives, and, in spite of their fiiperiir spiritual privileges, Catholics, who intellectually believe the papal infallibility, may be livinlr libels and shameless scandals religion and their Church. But this is not a^ all the point. The infallibility of tbe Jewish Church did not. restrain preat. multitudes of tile J, W.I from going off from their Church into heathenish idolatry. The i - mediate and direct, obj. et or purpose 01 Infallibility wan not tbe eanctification of fallen men. Infallibility was conferred on the Chtihlian Church in ord^r to protect the rr.ve.lation of G..d from.being lost, or from being 1 misapprehended or p rverttd. Infallibility was given to prev. nt the true knowledge oi the true God from being obscured or distorted amid all the heretical con- fusions of contradictory sectarians which our Lord foretold, and against which he forewarned his apostles, confusions which should arise from the pride and perversity and tbe passions of men operated upon »r;d inflamed bj tho craft and malice of Satan Infallibility was given as a safeguard to the doctrines delivered by Christ to his »p.stl< p, so that tho divine meaning of them might be securcd to all believers throughout all Bffea to the end of time. Infallibility was not j/iven for a century, or for ten een turits: it was given for all days until the Second Advent. Infallibility was requisite more and more as the centuries rolled on, because "evil men and seducers should wax worse and wors "' the older the wo.-Id grew, and wouM maki more strenuouH efforts to subvert the faith as their hcur of doom drew nigh. The faith was assailed in tbe apostles' time, and in every century since their time. Anux assailed it, and the Church infallibly d, f. r,de it. Nestorius assailed it, and said thai Mary was not the MOTHER or God. The infallible Chnrch again def-nded tbe faith, and infallibly condemned the- N s orian f'tl-ehood. ' E'jt»-'ih's mirreprew-nttd thefailh, and the C'lU'ch infallibly sbowe^ bi-77 be misrcpre.Bentf d it, and censured his error with an infallible condemnation. Dr. Thornton's royal and national Chu-cti of England- effects, or feigns to rncfive, believe, and obey, the decisions sn>l decrees >f tbe four General Councils of Nice a Constantinople, Ephesus and Chalcedon, and yet chatters like a flock of heretieal jackdaws about the honour paid to Marv the Theotokos: to her who brought forth God. These four General Councils are nothing lfe lhan impostors, and the Nicene Creed, ,-hicli Dr. Thornton rccitcs every Sunday morning at his Communion Table, is an imposture if the p p^l infallibility be a tiution, fur all that these Couccils sud and di-1 was not binding en any conscience unti! confirmed by the Pope. No law which ha* passed tbe H'-nses of Lordrt a:;d Oummt.UH in binding on auv E»:-'ii-hriian until it receives the Queen's sign manual. THEODORET OF Mopsuesta assailed tbe Christian faith by teaching that in Christ there was but One Will. Thin doctrine falsi ft-d the proper Humanity of Christ. The fourth Cnnsmn'inopilitan Council condemned tbe doctrine, but it required the papal ratification to make tbe decree an Act of the Church. Then came the heresy of Photius, which assailed the doctrine of the Trinity by teaching that the Holy Ghost proceeded fiom the Father oply, and not from lh-Son. The Church again spoke by a General Council and declared that the Holy Ghost pro- PHt'ded from tbe Son as well as from the Father, and the condemnation of Photiux, approved of by the Pope, is all the authority Dr Thornton has for that olanse of the Nioene Creed called the "Filioque." The Scriptures do not state it. DB. Thoboton'S DILTSMMU. Now, on tbe Right Reverend gentleman's theory of fallible " Chnrohes "—that is, Churches which do not know whether they are right or wrong—Photius was as likely to ha in the right faith as in the wrong faith And so, when Dr. Thprnton recites the Nicene' Creed on Sunday forenoons in hiehurch, and when : he says " I believe in the Holy Ghost, who proceedeth from the Father and the Son," neither his lordship nor any member of his congregation knows whether the Holy Ghost docs proceed from the Son as well as from the Father. It may be sr., oritmavn'ot. The procession of the Holy Ghost is uncertain. That's tho heiu y oi Dr. Thornton's fallible theory, that ill aves him in delightful doubt and darkness as to ithe absolute truth of the essential docrine-' of the gospel. 'Aid if Dr. Tlv.Wt..,, «d jiiits that thn decree of tlin 4th G-ner* Council was right when it condemned Photius, then his lordship admits the papal infallibility, for the decree which condemned that heretic was invalid until it was ratified by the Pope's signature. And so of all the other "perverse men" who had attempted to falsify the Christian Creed as delivered by Christ to his apostles, and by them, to those who would hear. If Dr. Thornton's and Dr; Moorhouse's theory of " Fallible Churches the product of Infallible Scriptures" be the true theory of doctrinal certitude, then Arius was just as orthodox as Athanasius, aud it is perfectly immaterial whether Christ was truly God or whether he was not. If the Fallible Church theory be right, it ifl all tbe s-tme whether the teaching of Macedonius or the teaching of the 2nd General Council trtf accepted, end Macedonius taught that the Holf Ghost had no personal existence. If the Fallible theory be true, it does not signify whether there were tv. 0 persons in Christ, as Nestorius taught, or only One Person, though the teaching of Nestorius destroyed the proper doctrine of the Incarnation. Ths Fallible theory pins its belief upon the Scriptures. But the Scriptures are silent about the doctrine of Nestorius and Photius and Arius and Macedonius. The Scriptures are silent about Infant baptism and the word "Trinity" and the Hypostatio Union [although it i* in Dr. Thornton's Seoond Article] The Scriptures contain no commandment for keeping holy the first day of the week, Sunday. Tbe Scriptures aie silent on the Monothelite opinion, though it mutilates the true Christian doctrine concerning the perfect human nature of Christ. The letter of Scripture leaves Dr. Thornton and Dr. Moorhouse in doubt about the connection between Baptism and " the Forgiveneas of Sins," and does not specify the" sins which are forgiven in baptism. So that this pretty pair of bishops, with their fallible Church theory, can only make an aot of faith in the most important doctrines of the Christian religion by falling back on the decrees and definitions of the infallible Catholic Church, which their Articles swear them to reject. Glorious fallibility is this which must depend for its poor fallible life on that which it earns its daily bread by protesting against 1 The Catholic Doctrine. 13th Ootober, 1885. 