THE DUKE OF WELLINGTON'S " ' w EXPERIMENT. " In a ground-floor room in one of the public buildings of London, a man sat writing at a table covered with papers. He was a short, slightly-built figure, with a prominent nose, and a face hard and massive as a granite statue, wearing a set look peculiar to" men who have surmounted ci eat difficulties and confronted great peril?. Few, indeed, had had more practice in both than this man, for he was no other than the Duke of Wellington and his crowning victory at Water- loo was still but a few years old. There was the tinkle of a bell outside, and then the murmur of voices in the ante-room ; but the Duke never raised his head from his writing, even when his secretary entered and said "If it please your grace, that man with the bullet-proof breastplate has called again, and wishes very much to See your Grace for a moment." r The Duke's face darkened, as well it might, for the man in question was the most pertinacious bore whom he had ever encountered. The bullet-proof cuirass was his own invention, and he never lost a chance of declaring that the safety of the whole British army depended upon the instant adoption of this" unparalleled discovery " which he carried about with him, and exhibited at all times and in all places. Had this been all, he would soon have been disposed of ; but, unluckily, he had contrived to interest in his invention, one or two of the Duke's personal friends, and to get letters of recommendation which even Wellington could not easily disregard. Something must clearly be done, however for although the fellow had been kept at Day, he was evidently determined to give the Duke no peace until the matter had been fully gone into. For a moment Wellington looked so grim that the secretary began to hope for the order which he would gladly have obeyed namely, to kick the inventor into the street forthwith. But the next instant the iron face cleared again, and over it played the very ghost of a smile, like the gleam of winter sunshine upon a precipice. '.' Show him in," said he briefly. The observant secretary noted both the tone and the smile that accompanied it and he inwardly decided that it would have been better for that inventor if he had not insisted on seeing the Duke. In came the great discoverer-a tall, slouching, shabby, slightly red-nosed man, with a would-be jaunty air, which gave way a little, however, before the " Iron Duke's " penetratingfflaHfift^ and I am u* ????"" it's your graces appreciates the merits of my invention," said he, in a patronising tone. " They are, indeed, too important to be under- valued by any great commander. Your Grace cannot fail to remember the havoc made by your gallant troops at Waterloo, among the French cuirassiers, whose breastplates were not bullet-proof : where assist " Have you got the thing with you ? ' interrupted Wellington. The inventor unwrapped a very showy looking cuirass of polished steel, and was just beginning a long lecture upon its merits, when the Duke cut him short by asking: "Are you quite sure it is bullet- proof ] " * " Quite sure, your Grace." " Put it on then, and go and stand in that corner." The other wonderingly obeyed. "Mr Temple," shouted Wellington to his secretary, " tell the sentry outside to load with ball-cartridge, and come in here to test this cuirass. Quick, now ! *' But, quick though the secretary was the inventor was quicker' still. The moment he realised that he had been set up there on purpose to be fired at, and to be shot dead on the spot if his cuirass turned out not to be bullet- proof after all, he leaped headlong through the open window with a yell worthy of a Blackfoot Indian, and darting like a rocket across the court-yard ; nor did the Duke of Wellington, from that day forth, ever see or hear of him again. DAVID KERR, in Editor's Drawer, Harper's Magazine for October. 