RACING NOTES. BY PEGASUS. The commencement of the week saw a large accession to the number of horses working at Eagle Farm, and there is now every proba bility of a very successful meeting. Large fields are likely to come to the post for most of the principal events, and I am afraid that the ploughed track will again be a great drawback, and prevent a large number of horses from racing together on level terms. If the weather happens to be wet and the going heavy the horses that draw outside stations wiil oe certain to havo a lot the worst of it Several small improvements will be noticed, and the moot useful is the boarding placed adjacent to the winning post, which will con siderably assist the judge in coming to a deci sion concerning a closely contested race. Apropos of betting, I happened last Saturday to hear with my own ears something too good to be buried in oblivion. One of the genus masher was talking to a companion in Queen street about the Melbourne Cup. Laying down the-law in a most impressive manner, he said, "I shall back Prometheus— his mother wm the Australian Cup ten years ago" His companion burst out laughing, and Ifelt very much inclined to follow suit It is indeed surprising to hear such idiotic reasons given by any reasonable being for backing a horse, and as this one instance can by no means be a solitary one it ceases to be remarkable that betting flourishes and bookmakers grow rich on the proceeds. In " Morning Gallops'' will be found detailed accounts of the work of the various horses. Medusa, who was much fancied for the Cup, did not arrive with the rest of Mr. Finnie's horses, and I hear that she has met with a mis hap, so that she will be probably an absentee from this meeting. My Love is, I understand, not scratched for the Cup, so she will represent Mr. Finnic in both events. Gleacoe is, I bear, a certain starter for the Sandgate Handicap, in spite of future threatened disqualification, and he is very well and must be pretty certain to run into a place. Mr. Brayford's team, con sisting of Re-echo, Adam, and Rifleman, arrived on Monday. They all look well, and I was glad to see that Mat Condon has so far recovered from his dangerous accident at Beenleigh as to be able to return to his duties. I am informed that Burford has broken down, and has been scratched for all engagements. Ormond, who has been indulged with a good Kll, will once more try his luck at Eagle rm. He has grown and thickened tremen dously, and has given ocular demonstration that he has lost none of his pace. At Bst he is very favourably weighted in the Brisbane Handicap, considering his performances and that he was certainly the fastest colt of his year over a mile. Havelock (late Prism) at 7vt 121b. is also well in in this race, and I hear great accounts of Yabba, a three-year-old son of old Melbourne. At the time of writing it is hard to say what will or will not start for the various races, and some of the most important strings are not yet down, ao I shall defer any further anticipations till the last moment in the Courier. Mr. Finnic tells me that he has purchased at the recent sale of the Terrara yearlings three well-bred youngsters, a colt and two fillies. The colt is a chestnut, full brother to Boori, foaled on 12th October, by Robinson Cruose— Maid Marian, by the Marquis—Sylvia (dam of Goldsbrough, Martini-Henry, and Robin Hood), by Fisherman—Juliet, by Touchstone. There is rare good breeding here, and the colt should be very valuable for stud purposes after bis racing career is over. The descriptions of tbe others are as follows :—A brown filly by Piscator from Radiance, by Fireworks from Sunshine (winner of V.R.C. Oaks); also a bay filly by Guinea—Lnputa, by Angler from La Mousse (imp.), by Flying Dutchman—Amazon, by Voltigeur. The breeding of both these fillies ahould cause them to be valuable ad ditions to the Drayton stud. The V.R.C. Derby was won by Nordcnfeldt after a very severe tussle with First Chester. The Sound must have been very heavy going, as c time was slow, 2min. 482«ec. With regard to the threatened scratching of this horso "Asmodeus" in the Leader wrote as follows a day or two before the race:—" The numerous reports that have been in circulation during the past fortnight to tho effect that Nordenfeldt would ultimately bo scratched for theV.R.O. Derby may now be cast to the wind as value less, for the colt will be a certain starter for the great classic event should nothing happen him between now and Saturday. No secret was made by tbe stable that they had not sup ported Nordenfeldt to win a farthing, the whole of their investments being on Uralla, both straight out and for the double, Derby and Cup. The stable also made tho discovery that all the Nordenfeldt money, single and double, had been secured by a certain section of backers, and not by the general public; and, for obvious reasons, the colt remained unbacked by them until Wednesday, when a gentleman, who has supported him very heavily for the Derby event as well as for the double, generously offered to let the stable connections have a large proportion of his wagers at a satisfactory price. Thus the diffi culty has been get ever in a manner satisfactory alike to the public as well as to those immediately connected with Nordenfeldt" The Maribyrong Plate fell also to the Hon. Jas. White by means of Acme, by Chester out of Princess Maud (imp.), by Adventurer, and she seems to have shaken off her nearest op ponents Madelina and Blairgowrie without much trouble. She is a wonderfully well-bred one, and should emulate, if not surpass, the doings of Uralla. Below is her full pedi gree:— By telegram from South Australia I learn that a serious dispute has arisen relative to the wagers about Newstead for the Derby, and several backers have declined to pay on the ground that the horse was prevented from winning through a conspiracy. The case is still sub judice before Adelaide Tattersall's. The Australasian says:—" It is gratifying to know that the jockeys injured in the Caulfield Cup are progressing satisfactorily. Wyman was well enough to leave the Alfred Hospital and visit the Moonee Valley meeting, and M'Grade has been taken out for a drive. Cracknell and M'Grath are still confined to their beds, but both are getting on nicely." The two English Autumn Handicaps have onoe more fallen to the same horse, and that horse a foreigner. The American horse Fox hall was the last to pull off the double event and now the French mare Plaiaanterie has re peated the feat Plaisanterie is by Welling tonia out of Poetess. Wellingtonia was bred in England, but leased to go to France in 1878. He is by Chattanooga from Aurancaria, by Ambrose (by Touchstone) from Pocahontas, by BtockwelL From Bell's Life I see that Mr. Peck's wonderful two-year-old The Bard con tinued his victorious career by securing the TattersaU Sale Stakes at Doncaster. This was his sixteenth successive win in Mr. Peck's colours, Archer having ridden him fourteen times, while Wood bad the mount on the other two occasions. This last race was worth £725, and this brings tbe total amount he has won to £918125. The full details of the Doncaster St Leger are to be found in our recent files, and the fol lowing description in Sell's Life will give my readers a fair idea of the race:—" There was no waste of time in getting them into Lord Marcus Beresford's hands, and but for the slowness of Wastdale to get to his horses they might have been off at the first attempt. Once more in line, the flag dropped to a fairly even start Wastdale, however, being left at the post. Donbridge made the running, but tbe pace was very moderate for quite a mile of the journey, as Tom Cannon's plater was able to keep his place to the rifle butts, where he collapsed, and Lonely and Farewell were left in front, the Utter going on with the running. She was done with at the bend, and Lonely was holding a commanding positio at the distance, though closely watched by Archer, who shot out the favourite the moment he liked, and was enabled to take Lord Cadogan's filly's ground, Isobar at the same time coming through, but without a ghost of a chance with Melton, who wae pulling double, and ran home the winner hard held by six lengths. Lonely finished a bad third, and so ended tbe great St Leger of 1885, and Melton placed himself in that splendid list of dual Derby and St Leger winners which was headed by Champion in 1800, and repeated since that day by Surplice in 1848, the Flying Dutchman in 1849, Voltigeur in 1850, West Australian in 1853, Blair Athol in 1864, Gladiateur in 1865, Lord Lyon in 1866, Silvio in 1877, and Iroquois in 1881, it being somewhat remarkable that Archer has ridden three of these dual winners. Archer has now ridden five St Leger winners. The famous Heath House trainer, Matthew Dawson, has led back five St Leger winners also, and he was warmly congratulated by a host of friends on the success of Melton. In appearance Melton would rank very high in the list of winners that used to be sketched every year by the elder Herring for Bell's Life, as, besides being a very beautiful colt he is so truly made. He is a bright bay, with black Koints, standing just under 15 hands 3in., ut his symmetry makes him look smaller, being a sort of pocket Hercules in his strong hack, loins, and quarters, and his wonderful depth in front For his size he is probably the deepest horse through the body in England, and he is well ribbed up for power. The value of Melton's St Leger was £4825. The time occupied by the son of Master Kildare was 3min. 15 3-ssea Last year the Lambkin took 3min. 13 3-sscc. in compassing tbe distance; Ossian's time in 18S3 was 3min. 19sea, and Dutch Oven's in 1882 3min. lOsec. Tbe following are some other records:—lBBL Iroquois, 3min. 20 3-ssea; 1880, Robert the Devil, 3min. 32sea; 1879, Rayon dOr, 3min. 21sec.; 1878, Jannette, 3min. 20Jsec.; 1877, Silvio, 3min. 27sec. The Champagne Stakes, one of the most im portant two-year-old events in tbe old country, was won by Mr, Vyner's Minting, by Lord Lyon out of Mint Sauce. This colt, who is one of the first of Lord Lyon's stock to make a name for himself, is now quite at the top of the tree among English two-year- olds, ss we have since been informed by telegram that he won the Middle Park Plate and is now first favourite for next year's Derby. A full account of the race for the Melbourne Cup will be found in another column. The win of Sheet Anchor was certainly unexpected in Brisbane—Trenton, Nordenfeldt, and Liverpool being the most fancied. He had, however, received substantial support at 100 to 7, though the rush on the favourites had caused him to be generally overlooked by backers. His performances hitherto have hardly been sufficient to warrant expectation of his winning suoh an important event and he has been racing during four seasons with only moderate success. As a three- year-old he ran without success, his best performance being a second to Stockdale in the Carrick Plate (Tasmania). As a four-year-old, he was also unsuccessful, though he ran into second place on four occasions. At ti vo years old he won four races, one of which was the Laun ceston Cup, 1£ mile, carrying 7st. 41b., King of the Vale being second, and Blink Bonny third. As a six-year-old he had, up to Tuesday, run without success, his best performance being second in the Australian Cup to Ringwood. At the last Winter V.R.C. Meeting he started a great favourite for the Grand National Hurdle Race, being ridden by Corrigan, but he met with a mishap during the race. Omadhaun falling in front of him, and he finished nowhere. Sheet Anchor is a very well bred horse, being by St Albans, the sire of Malua and other winners, out of Queen Mary, who was by Castle Hill from Black Bess, by Peter Wilkin*. Grace Darling, who finished second, will be remembered as the winner of the late disastrous Caulfield Cup, and had to carry a 71b. penalty for her win on that occasion. She is by the Diver out of Zoa Trenton, who for some time past has figured as one of the chief favourites for the event, was almost invincible in New Zealand, his only defeat being by Vanguard in the Dunedin Cup. He Is by Musket (imp.) out of Frailty, by Goldsbrough from Flora M'lvor, by New Warrior. The time of the race (3.295) is the best ever made for two miles in the Australian colonies; Malua, last year, carrying 9st. 91b., taking 3.315; and Martini- Henry, the year previous, with 7st 51b., taking 3.30 ft, which, up to Tues day, was the Australian best on record. The following is the full pedigree of the winner:— I am in receipt of the programme of tho Toowoomba Turf Club Christmas Races which will be held on the 26th December. There are no less than eight events on the card, tho principal of which are a Maiden Plate of 20 soys,, a Town Plate of 40 soys., Corinthian Race of 20 soys. for msiden horses, and Christmas Handicap of 60 soys. Nomination for the handicaps must be made on Ist December, weights will be declared on 10th December, and acceptances will be due on 17th December. Altogether it is a very taking programme for a Christmas meeting, and I trust it will provide good sport and be well patronised by the publia I am also in receipt of the full programme of Sydney Tattersall's Annual Race Meeting, which will be held on Ist and 2nd January. The two principal events—namely, TattersalTs Club Cup of 500 soys. and the Oarrington Stakes of 1000 soys.—have been before referred to in these columns, but the rest of the pro* gramme is on a similarly attractive scale. There is a Hurdle Race and Steeplechase, the former of 150 soys. and the latter of 200 soys., one on each day. There are no less than three Selling Races on the programme, one of 200 soys., another of 100 soys., and one for two year-olds of 150 soys. The Tattersall's Two year- old Stakes has 300 soys. added, and a Bracelet Race and some short handicaps, all with substantial prize money, make up the list The day of general entry is 3rd Decem ber. i a 0 « Cap-a pie ITbe Colonel |8ulUn mare Sir Heroulet Paraguay Sir Hercules Paradigm Cassandra rros Priam [Ally I Emigrant Gulnare Alice Grey I o 3 8tockwell The Baron Pocahontas Birdoatoher Echidna Glencoe Marpessa Austroy Harkaway economist Nobooklish M. Emllius Apollonla Zella Touchstone Camel Banter e % Newmlnster Beeswing Doctor Syntax Ardrossan M. d 1 1 I s Emilias Orville Emily Parttsau Orville mare Franoesea The Baron Birdoatoher Echidna 8 j StoekweU Tho Bloomer Pocahontas Olencoe Marpessa Humphrey Clinker Cervantes M. Velocipede Lady Moore Carew Melbourne Lady Sarah 8HIIT ANCHOR. Queen Mi 8t Albans (imp.) Black Bees itle UUI Pandora Blair Athol I I 8 l i o 9 1 •4 £ a f r a i § < I I B i a ! o sr r i if Is' I I m a o SB* «l ft I o g* 5 I5 ft! Wm if it I I HE 3 i Is is I Bo 5 III? I 