GLEANINGS. Abbests of German officers for divulging military plans are increasing. A feeliug of anxiety is prevalent in many garrisons, where it is believed that false information has been given to the Government for the sake of rewards. Rheumatism plays havoc -with some of the female members of European royalty. The Empress of Austria suffers severely from it. and has to go again to Amsterdam to undergo Dr. Metzger's treatment. The late Princess Alice was a martyr to this ill, and so is Prin cess Beatrice, now about to be married. Ik Mexico an amusing and puzzling peculi arity is that everybody lives over a shop. Even the millionaires rent out the first floor of their residences for business purposes, and live in the third story. The handsomest bouse in all Mexico has a railway ticket office on one side of the entrance and a cigar shop on the other. CoNCKHNtNG the Anglo-Russian difference, it is re-burked in Vienna that Suasiau diplo macy has been of late years more successful in England than in any other country, because the Russians have found in Mr. Gladstone a man always disposed to believe the best, rather than the worst, of men who approach him with friendly words. Mr. Gladstone, it is added, may have pushed credulity too far, but then no man has ever had the religious, the humane, the liberal, and the emotional sides of his character so artfully appealed to by the Russians as h^, A stba.nge scene was witnessed early on the morning of May 16 among the islands on the north-west coast of the Islaiid of Lewis. In consequence of some grazing dispute between Lady Matheson and the local crofters an execution was levied on the latter. The steamer Norseman with the law officials and a party of men coming from Stornoway seized a number of cattle on the Island of Pabbay and put them on board. The crofters sur rounded the vessel in their boats and con trived to rescue some of the cattle, but the machinery being put in motion, the steamer got away for Strome Ferry. In a small village in the north of Scotland the parish church stood almost in the centre of the street, and it occurred to three of the village worihies, who had been indulging rather freely, to attempt to push it further to one side, so a« to leave the street clear. They accordingly took off their coats at one side, and went to the other to commence their operations. A wag saw the three coats and decamped with them, and on one of the men coming round to see if their pushing had bad any effect, and missing their coats, hurried back to his friends exclaiming—" Stop, stop! we've pushed it owre far and covered up oor coats." As a rule deeds of bravery which occur in domestic life are not" wired " to distant depen dencies, but the world is not indifferent to such noble acts as are recorded of Alice Ayres, a poor little domestic, who lost her life in en deavoring to save the lives of others. Alice lived at an oil mid colorman's shop in a street in Southnark— one of the numerous parishes south-east of London. On the 24t!i April a fire broke out about midnight and spread with alarming rapidity. The wife of the ownpr of the shop, Mrs. Chandler, was heard calling "For God's sake, help!" But the sound soon died away, and the poor creature does not iippear to have been seen afterwards alive. Then the heroic girl Alice Ayres appeared at one of the windows, and the people beneath urged her to leap into a sheet which they held to break her fall. She heeded not, but disap peared, suddenly to appear agaiu with a bed, which she threw to the crowd below. Then, with great coolness, she drooped from the win dow three children, two of whom were saved. Tiie flames, fed by the combustibles, were now positively scorching, and the poor girl was once again urged to leap to the street. For a moment phe seemed to hesitate, os though 8he thought there was some task left undone. The poor creature remained by herself, well nigh exhausted, and then she got out of the window, and elnieing for a little time to the sill, she dropped into the street, t.herebv injur ing herself severely, the spine being most affected. She was at first removed to the re sidence of Mr. Fenton, Union-street, and sub sequently to St. Thomas's Hospital, where she died. Never, since the days of Grace Darling, has there been a more laudable act of valor to record than that performed by Alice Ayres. The Atneer, in returning to Afghanistan, made the following remarks : — Reinforce ments bad left Candahar for Herat. He did not believe that Russia would not yidd to remonstrance, or that she could excuse her aggression. Only when all arguments bad failed was war to be thought of, when the Afghan nation would rise as one man to repel the invader. His policy, he added, was de termined and unchanged. It was founded on common sense, not oaths. His people mast accept it as he did, and trust him as he had been trusted by England. Never wonld they give up an inch of Afghan territory, or allow their country to be the highway of a Russian army. This would mean occupation, and the protection of a lone line of communication ; and would be to them ruin and the loss of a ^ independence. His people would see this and tind that England was helping them to maintain their freedom. According to the St. Petersburg Yiedo mosti the Russian Minister at Washington has received applications trom Americans and Irishmen residing in the United States for employment in case of war. The Americans offer their services not only as nsval officers, Bailors, surgeons, &c.;, but also to lake charge of privateers, torpedo boats, and even as scoots. Irishmen have declared themselves ready to equip a few privateers and torpedo boats at their own expense. Several Ameri can shipowners have offered to arm a small war flotilla, manned by American volunteers, to be placed at the disposal of the Vow mander-in-Cliief of the .Russian navy. The Tledomosti is not aware what instructions have been given by the Russian Government to their representative at Washington. The Prince and Princess of Wales on their visit to Dublin were nearly due and the streets were packed with people. I took my stand in College Green, holding on tight by a lamp post. Close beside me, at the edge of a kerb* stone, stood a woman bent with age, miserably clad, with snow white hair. She held a meagre paper of pins and a few bootlaces in her wasted hands. She was the barest fig ment of the hawker-beggar, whose existence is a constant struggle or compromise with the police. The crowd thrilled with expectation, the Royal cortege came up, without the dis tracting rapidity that is the London pace for princes, and, as the carriage for which we were all looking passed my lamp- post, the eyes of the Princess of Wales fell upon the figure of the old woman beside it. A quick look of compassion—the pity that has no dis dain in if—passed over the Princess's face, and then a swift bright smile. The next instant she was gone, and the old woman, down whose wrinkled cheeks tears were steal ing, stretched out her hands (with the pins and the bootlaces in them) in the attitude of fervent prayer, and said with passionate earnestness:—"May the Lord lay (leave) I the crown on your beautiful head until it's as -white as mine, and only tako it off to put one of His own in the place iv it!'" A witty old lecturer in a South Carolina college was eurprised one morning to find hia class assembled and looking wondrous grave. On advancing to bis chair he found it occupied by a goat, which had been tied bold upright. Instead of storming, as they expected, the doctor mildly remarked, " Young gentlemen, quite Republican, I see, in your tendencies fond of a representative Government. Ele vated one of your own members to the chair. Well, well, it's all right, I dare say; the present incumbent can fill it as well as any of you. You may listen to his lecture to- day. Good-bye! Don't feel sheepish about it," and he departed without leaving a smile behind him. Some facts as to the resources of England may be of interest at this moment—Population, 35,241,482. Annual expenditure, £86,999,564, £2 8s. lOd. per head of the population. Na» tional debt, £746,423,964; annual charge for same, £29,651,525 ; 5d. in the pound, income tax, yields £10,695,000. Army —181,227 officers and men ; 23,282 horses and mules; 584 field guns. Army reserve — 1st class, 35,953 men; 2nd class, 8,550; militia, 108,462; yeomanry, 11,441; volunteers, 209,365. Navy —283 vessels; 56,940 men ; 20,492 reaerves. Merchant vessels—18,912 vessels, 7,026,062 tons ; 200,757 men. It is calculated that, if needful, 1,000,000 fighting men might be drawn from the population (253,000,000) of India. Where the following little incident hap pened, it would be imprudent, if not improper to relate, as it might lead to the identification of the worthy old lady more immediately con cerned. Enough to say that she is a highly respectable Scotch-woman, somewhat tart of tongue, perhaps, and not at all pleased with her husband's affection for whisky. One night, when he had been carousing at a friend's house rather longer than usual, she induced her brother to enact the part of a ghost, hoping to frighten Duncan out of his jovial habits. " And who may you be ?" calmly inquired the bela'ed wayfarer, as the apparation ro-e from behind a wayside bush. " I'm auld Nick," was the reply. " Come awa,' mon'" rejoined Duncan, " gie's a shake o' your han,' I'm married tae a sister o* yours." The gho=t never walked again. The following instance of the strength of the maternal instinct in animals has been fur nished to us by a reliable authority, the fact being vouched by Mr. John Philip, of Ascot Heath. A Chinaman in Mr. Philip's employ, while hoeing potatoes, beard a peculiar noise issuing from a rabbit nest with young ones. On looking up he saw a rabbit and a snake engaged in deadly combat. The snake frequently raised itself and struck at the rabbit; the brave little animal, strong in its maternal instinct, fought the snake in return with its forepaws. The Chinaman, who was quite excited when narrating the occurrence, thus describes the incident, aided by a good deal of expressive pantomime :—" Me hoey potatoes; see littee hole, labbit. Me lookee, see labbit jump, see snakee jump. Little time me lookee, snakee dead, labbit no walkee. Hoey potatoes ; lookee labbit, no see. By and by him dead." Mr. Philip at once went to the spot, and there lay both rabbit and snake dead, the first from the effects of the poison fangs and the latter from the severe scratches and wounds on its body inflicted by the claws of the enraged iittle rodent. The reptile'B powers of escape had been neutralised through its having gorged itself by making a meal of two of the young rabbits out of tiie four which the nest contained. It was evident that the mother had just returned to her young, as the snake was finishing his meal, and had bravely died in defence of her off spring, but not bi-fore she had succeeded in visiting with a similar fate the unwelcome an 1 overgorged intrud. r. An American cou.euiporary relates the treatment of Ida Terry, thirteen years old, hy her guardians, Joseph White and wife. When she was two years of age she was left in their charge by her father, who went West. Since then the latter has paid £25 a year for her support. White and his wife were arrested for maltreatment, but the former was only fined £1 and the latter £2. The next night three masked men caught White in his barn, and after beating him ordered him to leave the town. The ntrocitiss were dis- - covered by a neighbour, who, aroused by the girl's cries, visited the house. The child pre sented a pitiful appearance. Her feet were blistered, Mrs. White having oompelled her to stand on a red-hot stove until it was un bearable. One mode of punishment was to thrust pins through her ears and fasten her to the wall. Another was driving a needle through her tongue and tacking it to the wimlow-Bill. On one occasion Ida was held under a pump and a stream of water pumped upon her head until she was so far exhausted that the Whites could not revive her, and were compelled to get help of the neighbours. When in oourt the child's body was found covered with black and bloe spotB where her inhuman guardians had piuelied her, while her back was a network of cord-like ridges where a whip had been applied. The girl has been taken charge of by the authorities. C3I" Public Noticb.—Our reader's attention is called to Cross's Advertisement, which ap pears in another part of our paper. Some interesting mementos of the siege of Gibraltar have just been landed at the Koval Arsenal, Woolwich, from Her Majesty's store fillip Wye. Thpy consist of three guns and a mortar which have been recovered from the French and Spanish ships sunk in the bed of the Mediterranean. These vessel* were, no doubt, sunk by the fire of the British, under General Ellis, between the years 1779 and 1783. The war trophies thus singularly recovered, after a great lapse of time, liave been brought home by order of Her Majesty's Government, to be preserved sis mementos of one of the greatest eeiges on record. The protection to be accorded to the merchant ships of this country in any coming •war will be quite different from the old convoy system. Instead of ihe merchant ships proceeding on their voyages under escort of ships of war, the plan will be that of sending swift armed cruisers to hunt down the same class of vessels engaged in the enemy's service. This will enhance the value of the great ocean liners, with their high Bpeed and large coal-carrying capacity. Should they be Menaced by an iron-clad, they could seek safely in flight. Their func tion would be to attack those ships which resembled themselves, and which would be the class designed to harass the merchant fleet. A steike of a novel kind is reported from Vienna. A Deputy, Herr Schonerer, asked the President to expel the newspaper people " who lounged about in the corridors and ■wrote nothing but lies after all." Upon this correspondents and reporters of every party struck work, and refused to send in a word of the Parliamentary debate. They afterwards signed an address to the President, calling for s full apology, as he had upon a former occa sion given permission to the journalists to remain in the corridors, where they obtain in formation from members. The journalists will continue on strike until an apology is made. The newspaper editors have all sided with the reporters. Thehe has been a sad ending to a wedding Ciry-Salsogne, a village near Soissoins. The wedding party were at breakfast, the bride sitting between her brother and brother-in law, opposite her husband. Towards the elose of the repast the latter, who had drunk copiously, asked his wife to sit by his side, "which she refused to do. He thereupon threw a knife at her; she avoided a thrust and ran from the room, followed by her husband, and took refuge iii 8 stable near by. Her own relatives followed the couple and reached the spot in time to prevent the infuriated bride groom from stabbing his wife. Frustrated in this, he stabbed himself, piercing his chest ■with four wounds, and fell dead. A C0XST5,*E5IE>-T of sixty years, wliioJi was the result of insanity—a secret long kept from the public—terminated recently in the death of Daniel Hawn, of Juniata township, six miles from Huntingliani, Pa. He has been confined since 1823 by his brother, and was 84 years old. The maniac was one of five brothers who, when young men, worked together on their father's farm. His malady is said to have been caused by drinking from a cool stream while over heated in harvest time. He was immediately confined by his brothers, and was ever after totally excluded from the world. But once in the subsequent 40 years did be regain his freedom, and that was about 50 years ago. when he succeeded in escaping from the house. He was captured and returned to his imprisonment. The room in which he was kept was of small dimensions, with but one window, and to prevent him from reaching the latter he was chained in an opposite corner. A stofe was placed in a email opening in the partition, with the front lacing a hall, so that the fires could be made "without entering Ihe room. His brothers remained unmarried and lived together, ac cumulating money and property, which they held in common. Two of them survive and are owners of 900 acres in the township. Recekt investigations in Utah in connection with the auti-Mormon legislation have estab lished the contention that even anion® the Mormons the number of cases of polygamy are comparatively few. It. could not well be otherwise. Most Mormons are content to have their second wife in theory ; in practice they find one sufficient. Even in the East, where polygamy has been established for thousands of years, few men have moie than one wife. We often hear of Turkish harems, but the harem is only possible anion" "the ruling class, while the muss of tlie peop?e*are monogamous like ourselves. In the town of I Algiers shortly before 1879, the number of I married men registered was 18,282. Of these ! no fewer than 17,319 had but one wife ; 888 j had two wives, and only 75 but more than two wives. There are still a. few theoretical • cranks, who justify polygamy on the ground that more women are born into the world than men. That theory has been exploded. August iiebel, m his remarkable work, which has iust been translated into English, shows tliat in ten States, with a population of 250,000,000 o -nnHeSS Awaits over males is only 2,p00,000; and when we remember the extent to which men outnumber women in the colo- i the faet that in there are i p,000,000 more men than women, the natural inference is that if the inhabitants of the earth were distributed according to their 6ex men and women would be found to exist in' about equal pro»ortions. Natural laws must , prevail in the lives and customs of the race, j and thus, in spite of their polygamic theories, . we are not surprised to hear of the small ! extent to which polygamy prevails among the , Mormons.—Echo. ! Babbt's Teicopuebous—Guaranteed to make the Hair Grow on Bald Heads, to Eradicate Scurf and Dandruff, and to Kemove all Impurities from the Scalp. It positively Prevents the Hair from Falling Out or Turn ing Grey, and in every case makes it thick, 1 sort, glossy, and abundant. 706x10 ,, 5 ^0BIDA "Waxes, the Original and the Best. The only Perfume in the world that has received the endorsement of a Govern ment. Put up in three sizes. 706x10 &W; Fobbiddex to Maekt.—This is to give ' notice that all persons found suffering from Indigestion c»n be cured by taking Cuoss's IXJJIGfiSTIGIV DfiOPS. "Bebkelev, Sept., 18G9.-~Gentlemen— ^ r dUtj 1 owe to -vou to express my gratitude for the great benefit I have derived by taking * ^Norton's Camomile Pills.' I ap plied to your agent, Mi-. Bell, Berkeley, for the above-immed Pills, for wind in the stomach, from which I suffered excruciating pain for a length of time, having tried nearly every remedy prescribed, but without deriving any benefit at all. After taking two bottle of jour valuable Pills I was quite restored to my usual state of health. Please give this publicity for^ the benefit of those who may thus lie afflicted.—I am, Sir, yours truly, Hnxity Alipass.—-To the Proprietors of NobtoVs Camomile Pills." JTollotcatfs Ointment and Pills.—Abscesses Erysipelas, Piles.—Unvarying success attends all who treat these diseases according to the simple printed directions wrapped round each pot and box of Holloway's mcdicants. They are invaluable to the young and timid, whose bashfulness sometimes endangers life. A little attention, moderate perseverance, and a trifling expense will enable the most diffident to conduct any case to a happy issue without exposing secret infirmities to any one. The Ointmeut arrests the spreading inflammation, restrains the exicited vessels, cools the over heated skin, alleviates throbbing and smarting pains, and gives great ease. The printed directions^ for the use of the Ointment also dearly point out when and how Holloway's Piils are to be taken, that their purifying and regular powers may assist by adjusting and strengthening the constitution.—Advi. 