I j TH! SUGAR INDUSTRY! ' Np:w SOUTH WALLS. (br an Expert) A sojourn dorrnj' two f tbrea crashing se«son« in the sugar districts in 'ha colony cannot fail to Impress the most ispcrificil observer with ths gigantic stride? this iotfasri'y hi: tsksn.'.asJ.with the eoloaeal proportions it has now definitely as- uuicu, xnmiuvc— very primitive— in its con» ceptioo and earliect undertaking, ai every first start would necessarily be, it was attendsd with eueceisionref heavy dtsppointccent«;anS;f«i!a:es. Its birth, however, nnmhrUkeably heralded a new era in the history of New South Walee. Every thing at first seemed based more on guesswork i than calculation--, h»ppy-gn-lucky, :Hgo-%g-you- ; plaase" sort of an arrangement I Bulw of thumb was the order of the hour. Witness te»d»y the | complete revolution in all detail ot management j and manufacture, and the difference islaatoanding, j German "aavante," with their crueibleaiand teet < tubes, and all the mytterloua adjnnete of the ark | chemical, are afield, Ohemlsta and engineers "boi»"tbe situation, and science nlgna supreme. 1 The Colonial Sugar Company, the fathers of tbie enterprise, with unlimited icapital -at their hick, started on this "terra lcaognlta" on- a regular voyage of discovery, With bnt a falnl glimmering of practical details, they had, betides, an uphill battle to wage with- cumbeisomo aod inadequate machinery | sad a vast army of unskilled labourerv. Ocialde, too, there wae alio a good deal of prejadloe and adverse criticism to combat. Manfully they bald their own— learning by degrees, cheerfully imparting their freshly gained leMoua and experience, they sucvevdei in in troducing a new departnra in farming and planting to tbe somewhat conservative buihaeen. fitep by atsp thoy won their way, with dogged perseveranaa and energy, to the prond pinnacle in wealth and commercial rspntaiion that they enjoy at the pre sent time. It was from them that the farmers got their first " plants," with instructions m to " trash ing," catting, Ac ; they were literalljfocaapied in teaching the young ideas how to." shoot," The com pany furnished tbe mills first, and thanset,to work- to show tbe eettlera bow to supply the market tha' - they had oponed up. Looking to day, as one journeys np the Clarence, from the " Heads " to np above Grafton, through to the " Big Scrub " and on to tbe Richmond, and further still the Tweed dis trict, the countless host of small and larga sugar mills that meet tha eye at every turn, on both sides ot the river anil away off in remoto spots, is positively astonish ing. On cannot h»lp wondering, too, at tha height of independence, at least ,in action, if not in mcana and disposition, which has prompted tha erection of so gre<t a numbir. Yet, on inquiry, the unpleasant fact stands revealed tbat by tar tba larger proportion of these email mills do not pay, and during the pist season havo in several instances had to be cnt down altogether, It ia cot neceisary to probe very deeply to aicsrtala the cause. With a very limited area of cane to tach mill, the average length of the crushing icaeoo, when for the Colonial Sugar Company it extends for from four to five months, for them meanB only a period of from tbree to six weeks. And for tbe remaining eleven months in the year tho small mill lies idle. Again, ton, . selectors wbo bad bad a pretty rough time of it in early days, when maize was their only support ; who bad to put up with all the ordinary hard ships ot bmh life, with a few extra ones ocot- Bionally thrown io, suddenly found a new firid and brighter prospects dawning upon them. Aa In most things in this bom-drum world of ours, " it ntver rail- a bnt it ponrs," it is either a feaet or a famine. Thoy bad fasted the " famine," and were all too ready for tha "feast." Tbey teemed to become intoxicated with the now advent ol success ; and bccansa tboy saw the " big company," na they called it, each year building new and impioved mills, and extending its opera tions far and near, tbey fancied they aoutd do tha same. It ia a sad fact that « largo number arc now finding ont their mistake, aod ropentiog bit terly at leisure. They had the land and the oine, and tbey thought, with a mill, tost tboy tbeo hid everything. But, as a rnle, the most irapuuut element was lacking. Their capital, of knowLilgo and crab alike, was insufficient. Sea th- c-n. ttqucDCO. When two bad aesaons— tho.io o' 1333 aDd 1SS-1 — followed couatcut-v.-ly, they were iu- able to stand the prcisure. Nearly niue-tu-. t-» of all the small mills data been built and cqnpcj with money borrowed at h.gh rates, ana tne con stant drain wss bound to tell competition with beet hoot suuah. Besides, too, do'rn in tlic ik.t 1-i-v ;t»-a, competition iiom outside countries w-h not carried to anything like tbu pitch it hes now reached. At ths procnt mvonent -ha beet-root industry in Vnglund, Franca and Ger many is spreading rapidly, and, it is proh.-ibl-. it but now in its infancy. Year alter year of bt-t har vests in England for tho past 10 years arc m-kiag the farmers consider very teriously if, all said and done, it pays to grow wheat at present priors. 1'on years have wrought wo-'dcrful changes in. bring ing together what were uefore almost inaccessible corners of ibe globe. New countries, with cheap, maidtn Und, can flood iho English markets wun grain in any quantity, and at a fignro tbat seems almcst to defy competition. With ihtaa fact in view it is qnite on tho cards that we ahull see beet root growing resorted do very heavily at horns, and tiB1 inducements keep offering fresh bsut fua- lories will kaep springing into existence. In Francoecd Germany, the very hot-beds of aiieoca and scientific working in this llae, economy ia manufacture Is brought down to about the fineit point. They are for ever studying a&d; aiming at producing the greatest amount oi sugar from the leaat possible material, and at tho lowest coHt. as n instance of extreme competition, anl its immediate effects on values, no stronger proof Is needed than tbat afforded lately in London, where gcoo eugat wua rttaillrg at Id per pouud! All ;ui> tends, and mast still lend, to throw obstacles in the way of these who, hampered with d be an£ difficulties, are unable to uvail tbcmielvrs of all tbo latest scientific aids, and tba consequent economical system of manufacture, The French 1 Triple Kffet," the improved vacnnm pan, and tha last ides in centrifugals, can all ba adopted and utilised to bis own profit by the man o( cspltal. Ho thus places himself on a footing to tompote with bis wures in the rush and bnstlu of tho world's markets. Tbe email mill-ownsr, bowover, wbohia had to borinwmuney for his second- hand or anti quated machinery, and as yet perhaps his been unable to clear off bis first obligation, is prevented from incurring a fresh and still more serious out lay. Tbe result Is tbat he finds himself too heavily handicapped In tbe race for existence to hope to win, His slow and cosily system entirely precludes blm from a ghost ot chance of seouring even a stray plnm. Hence It is the eager industry saffura in reputation, BOIL AND CLIMATE. Boil, climate, everything Is blamed bnt tbe right came. Now, as regards soil and climate, I take it as far as Bngar is concerned New South Walts ia exceptionally blessed, Thai ths roil is eminently suitable there cannot be a abado w of a doubt. Look at tbe Immtnsa orops to ba seen on virgin ground, from 60, 76, and in some instances up to 100, tons per acre, Toon glance at .tbe average of the crops on old farms for tha paat two seasons, certainly below 20, and contlderably nearer an aversge ot only 15 tons to tbe sore 1 This fact speaks volumes. It tells, as paloly a Dame Nature can tell, that it does not pay with cane any more than other orops to grow cans and othing bnt cane year in and year oat on tha same soil, withont the slightest attempt to give it either a reet or a change, Naturally, an exhaus tive crop, with no manure, or any kindred assist ance, it stands to reason tho soil must suffer, and eufltr it does. Gould tbo farrneru only be brought io realise the hard fact, tbey arc killing the- gucso tbat lays tbe golden egg with a vengeance, ft is impossible io take a trip thtongh tbe older sugar districts, and see the miserable stunted growth, as if half protesting against tbo feeble effort ofexi.t- eoce, and tbennote tbe strong, vigoronB, upstanding plants In virgin soil in the new districts, witbonc lamenting the penny -wise and ponnd-fooliah policy of those interested. That they do not know ibis, it were idle to believe. They all admit that tbe coarse is wrong one, but seem not all in clined to rimedy it. Tbey argue that they or tbeir fathers got tbe land lor nothing ; that thi-y have done well enough ont of it, When that particular spot is " played ont," and absolutely rt fates to be coaxed into yielding another stack, then they can take up ai good a selection as ever there was in the fresher district. bf tho Twrcd or the Brunswick Rivers. Trae, tbey may hut let their children again perpetrate tbeco mistakes, and ia acothei 10 years there will bo no available laud to select, Thoy miy make a few pontdf, perhaps ; but tbey will have sue- wooded in' rulniug a vast", tract of good country. Each year shows, with tbo increasing growth of the sugar Industry, the, rapidly-inorcasing value of all tuger lands even in far cutiyiog settlements, Each year selections, even st remote distances Item any present 'mill, are getting hardot and batdor to obtain. A liberal policy of scientific fanning, a little judicious -attention to nature's laws and . requirements, with a well- contidered idtation of crops, and occasional years ot com- Elete reBt, would soon bring the old homesteads ack to their old pitoh of perfection in yield anS capacity— and "possluly to a greater pitoh, By. now tbey have' succeeded In mistering all their earlier difficulties ot theory and practice, and have had opportunities ot testing nnd deciding which varieties ot caoe pay best in their respective neighbourhoods ; and yet, with these advantages of experienoo, it i9 surprising how lelnctantly in many cases it Is brought to bear. All through tbe rivers yoa will find still the old variety of " Ribbon " persistently stuck to— their lathers grew it, and it was good enough for them. They do not eeem to realieetbat the newer varieties imported from Fiji aod the Mauritius, each as w Lilian green" or " Saloogore," will pay still bet ter, and with lees labour, No I The " Ribbon " was there when tbey took tho land, or when cane was talked of. end— it's there yot i This, too, in tho face of tho tact that tbe bogai Company offer the most liberal Inducements in the Bhspo at boauies tor Increased and better yields ; the stimulus does not eeem to have the general iff set that would be anticipated. A word now as to alimate. The two great enemies in this respect that oar '"cockoy" farmer, as he is somewhat familiarly dubbed, his ' to contend againat are frost and drought. Against tbe former there ia, of conrse, no -teueedy, though old residents assert that this evil is yearly growing Icis'frcqnent and intense. The season of 1S84 witnemd a long succession of frosts — in some localities up to as lato as September. In 1885 again tbo districts .were all wonderfully exempt, THE VALUE AND TKAOTICALlLITY OF IRRIGATION, As regsids the question of drought, there ' cannot be two opinions. Irrigation is the only temedy, Of this tho troth 1 it ss universally admitted as 'its feasibility in denied, You will hear prciy arguments about tbo torrible expense, about water not being every where obtain able, and where obtainable generally too brackish to use. A grain of truth may underlie tome of these objections, but a grain so Infinitesimal as to bs hardly worthy ,of serious thought. It is beyond a doubt that water can -be obtained almost any where along the river by sinking to a very slight depth, As proof of this, witness the wells at almost every house in the country. That in some cases the water it brackish 1b also equally beyond a doubt, but If not too brcckiBh for drinking It is not Btceisaty to sssumo it ss fceing too much so for agiicultural purposes. -Besides, water flowioj; through the ctne, not - flooding it, bat in smal l dykes, as in America,: loses a good ideal ot this property -in tbe course ot its necessary filtration. For by irrigation -it is absolutely erroneous or an- necciBiro to understand a wholesal Deriodictl flood ing of tbe earth's surface, Tho system wo have re ference to is such as isTn vogue in California and Coloiado— a siaglo arleclan well, sank not by n complicated expensive proceis of diamond-drill boring, but by -the cber.por and more expeditious foim of tbo ordinary auger pipe. This bores as it goes, and is added tc as required till water is reached, by a epccics of hollow piping, ecrowud on like gas joints. This, - when wator is " track,11 is connected with a small wind-mill, and thus by . ntilizing nature's breath, tho water is ever and ever being pnmped np without any labour or expense, fresh and clear, Thacost of sinking these in Cali fornia variec of coureo with the nature of tho strata to he bond, but would averaco somewhere about 7a per foot. The water, pumped .into huge teuks, which egnin eupnlv tbe cattle troughs and arti ficial -fishponds,'- finds its way through little box- flumes 1st into the ground and fitted with mis is- tnre sluico-gatcs, Through these it gontly meanders into tegular courses at fixed intervals through the fields, not deluging and chilling the ground, but imparling that fresh green appearance to be always noted in dry countries in the immediate vioiclty of cieeks or livers, or as seen in the midst of a dry desert praiiie, as sacra index of water existing. below, Tho eotkago and beneficial presence ot the scream suffices, without having to inundate the wholo ares. Tho grand results of tDis system and ita mirvsl- kus financial success have been -most thoroughly shown by tbo letters from tbe coriespondonti lately travelling with tho Victorian Irrigation Commis sioner, It might be objeotcd that in all his wabdetiegs through America we don't £cd Mr Desk in giving aay examples of irrigation as applied to cane-growing, Possibly not, becsusd aujtar was not, from olimatei;ocd other oauees, an industry is tbe localities visited by that gentleman. It ia -certainly cot within tbe range of supposition that bud- euch btenthe cssr, and irrigation been found necessary, that it wonid not have been as extensively practised as on .wheat or fruit lauds. But as there was no cane to grow, there was none to irrigate, As a matter of fxot, tho Rsndwioh Islands fernith remarkable proofs of tbe astonish ing success altindant on a well- ordered aad proper system of irrigation at applied to eauo. A gentlemen of oar acquaintance who a few years back bought two cf u-e largest sugar plantations in tbe islands, enured us that, having paid down the puiebosc-money, bis first step was to cxpond a farther mm of £20,000 in bringing tbe water by flumes and ditchee from a mountain some 20 miles distant. -Thii be considers would immediately pay SO per cc&t.; on the antlay. While this instance ervca to illustrate tbe practical value at irrigation for csno, it by no mean applies as far as tbo ques tion of coot is concerned In tbe sugar districts in this colony. Without at all regarding future pro fits, tba actual first cost hero need be nothing very much. Artesian wells are in operation in tb» neighbourhood of Grafton, worked with windmills ; and tbe gear and appliances can now be bought ia Sydney at remarkably low prices. A little enter prise is really all that is needed. The value at irrigation Is beyond a doubt— that ii allowed on all aides. Tbe -feasibility should admit of no question, < What is done elsewhere under far lets favoa-able clrcumstanoes, can surely be done here. Tbe ex- ' pense is trifling, and is reconped over and over again in a single season. We cannot read of, mnoh Jess see, as we have seen, the vast engineering diffi culties, the enormous expense, wbiob attended the various irrigation works visited by Mr Daakin, without admiring tbe indomitable pluck and hearty co-operation, wbioh led to tho encceeilul carrying through of these boa vy unfar- takings. All this, too, has been done in remote -country diatriots, without one peony of Govern ment subsidy, and with no aid beyond that of a few willing hearts and enterprising beads, And must it be said that what was poattble far tham then ie impossible here now, with all tho addi tional benefit of their experience? In every Instance, the oomaistiener tells ns, from tbe smallest dam to tbe -most expensive triumph of -engineering skill, the whole outlay was fouud by Srivate individuals cr companies without one oiler of Government money. Hero is a pretty pregnant feet, as in the ease of impoverished soil end decreasing crop?, it is mnoh to ba feared that tho question of irrigation is one whieb, from pathy or other causes, will be treated b7 the settlers in the sugar districts as being ahead ol their time and means. Lot them take care, and beware of japslng into a state of tblnge consider ably behind, not their own timet, but those of 20 -yeaiBigo. waste, Ono very great "leak," ono .great loss of a direct and tangible income, ;is everywhere apparent, We refer to tho reckless, wanton waste ot the larg : proportion of ell tho molaBBCS manufactured at th > smaller mill?, Tbe Bugar Company, of eourse have their distillery on tbe Clarence, and, with regular supplies ot the raw material from thoir mills in this colony, and now from Fiji, turn out magnificent specimen of ram. Bat the Urges- number of tbo small mill-owners ran tbel.- molasies into tho river, They claim that it doai not pay to do anything else with if, Why, V nothing eleo be done, one would fancy enough least could be rsfiaed into golden syrup and treaclo to take the plaea of the largely imported artiole from America and elsewhere at a duty of 3a 4d per «wt, For cattle, too, it might bo utilised to advanUge, Nothiug fattens and gives so sleek an sppi'Tranca as a diet of molasses. We have in onr mini s eye tho form of a reverend priest in a gngar neighbourhood, who has a weaknosi for any thing good in horseflesh, espeolally it be be good enough to figure as n winner at tbe local rsoas. And for thoso hio pet racors a oertain number ot barrels of molasieo are atwayu demanded when in training for any show or speaitl event. In its erude state, of conrso, it la totally unfit for buiuns food. Admittiog that tho Distillers' Act rather tends to dissuade than enoourago the manufacture of the article into mm it is an open question if, with all these restrictions, it might not bo made a paying gams, Here, ss in other matters, a little co-operation would go a long way, A company could utilise at a profit what private individuals, each for themselves, could do nothing in, The question was mooted by a body of Clarence River planters list year, but religious scruples proved too strong, tho rum business being promptly denounced as an unholy, ev«n if a lucrative business. As long as the demand for rum exists, we take it, tbe supply wilt be forthcoming. Where from, matters little, pro vided it is gcod. But ram or no rum, sure it is that the present waBte ia a grievous mis take. PROTECTION AND THE BUGAB INDUSTRY. In connection with so vsit and so successful an industry is sugar now is in New South Wales, tbe question of protection cannot but ariBe when we nflect that thU is one ot tbe few privileged industries, Ab to tho general end relative merits of protection we leave that to politicians and enthusiasts. Still, the fsct Is beyond dispute, that had it not been for tbe judicious impost of £5 per ton on the imported article, the industry, had it ever started, could certainly never have flourished. And no one is tbe loser, The price ot ingar is low enough in onr colony to snit everyone's means, And, again, everyone is, one way or the other, tbe gainer, Figaro op the hundreds npon hundreds of thou sands In vt s ted in plant and machinery alone ; cal culate the Incredible a mount 3 paid out in Sydney and all up the country in wsgor, duties on rum, machinery, product, and goods of every descrip tion. Watch tile river boats during and aftor the crushing season, and ask what gives west of their freights. Go through tbe sugar dlatricto and count tbe thousand? and thousands to whom it is bread, and you will not bo longer in doubt oa to the wondeitul and widespread benefits accruing, And yet, take away their protection, and tbe whole fabric falls to tho ground. It was necessary to be a resident of tbo sugar districts to undsrstasd and appreciate the wall ot horror that went ap at Mr Dibbi' suggestion last year to remove the dnty. To tbcm it meant everything, and to Sydney, too, tbe loss wonld bave keen incalculable. Not another ounce of sugar, it is sate to pre dict, wonld have been again manufactured 1 in the colony. And apart from the questionable wisdom of tbe proceeding, it wonld certainly heva been-mfiagrant breach ot faith towards tbois who deperdlrg on that policy at tho fixed polioy of thi country, bad risked their all in the venture, Tbe trne-ecope and immensity of the business is not generally understood or perhaps appreciated, Out next lo King Wool, it ie doubtful it any one industry circulates ss much money, end diffuccs It as widely sb this dots, Present prices rule low, and tbe aspect of affairs is none too pro mising. Tbe re-action bo wever will come, and f« even now beginning to let in and to be felt. The mall mill mania baa reached Its limit, and will -result in " tba eorvival of the fittest." A more : healthy discrimination will enrue, and perrons will , not be so spt to tosh blindfold into what by clr- cn instances or knowled ge tbey were not qualified or : ready to undertake. We bave no liboar questions ' or grasshopper troubles, as it 'Queensland, to vex -. and worry. We bave had a bounteous past, and bave must tssnred prospects 'for a Brill-more sue-' ' ceiiful futnro.; 