NEW-MARKET HANDICAP. [By J. M.] "Welcome Jack" was the remark expressed by a Countryman, accompanied by his son, who was, of course, a Country Boy, to a stranger from Bonnie Scotland, who was sit- ting on a ColstntAi tbe evening prior to the race near Flemington. After a little conver sation was indulged in, it became very dark, when one of the party, to liis Surprise, re marked that he could see The Ghost of his Little Sister; when the other two exclaimed— Too Too, what stuff. Not a very long time elapsed before a brilliant Meteor was seen, which shot out like a Rocket, and it was not long ere the party experienced a terrific Hurricane, when they quickly made, as they thought, for Newmarket, but having taken the wrong road by Mistake, they _ were rather puzzled, particularly on the occasion of such a ttoiroy night, and also as they had agreed to witness Silver King at the Royal in Mel bourne; journeying along they oWerved a light at a distance, which proved to be a Lantern attached to a Velocipede ridden by a Soldier Boy who had just left bis First Love. Tbe party' evidently were pleased in meeting the stranger, and thought it a very Lucky Hit, as he promised to put them on the right road and accompany them to the hotd, where they had decided to remain for the night, although they preferred the Town Moor to that place. Having arrived at their destination after a good drenching, they partook of some Waverley ales brewed near that city of fires—Adelaide. Adjoining the place was a concert-hall, in which the travel lers were interested in soineselections composed by Mozart, by a person playing on a Paganini violin, accompanied by a Coriojnet. The per formers left off about 10 o'clock, as Lord Wilton and King of the Gipsies had already retired to rest for the night. The visitors afterwards found thdr way to a side parlor, where they met a jolly Royal Irishman, and quickly making friends, some discussions anise re specting one of the greatest short distance races of 1885. -One of the party fancied Chloe, but was immediately interrupted by another, who was never able to say his Alphabet at school, who asked if this is the woman whom he had heard something of at the Art Gallery in South Australia, and par ticularly wanted to know did she ever Duenna tiling **"TO*3jg' for the people to talk about her so much. Tliis being explained to the thick head, and getting close to midnight, the com pany made for their roosts, all of whom slept soundly excepting a mope, wfao dreamt that he saw Mr. Tom Ivory s Surrey, ridden by Nicholson, pass the winning post first, a-midA great excitement, and Topaz, The Ghost, Sir Garnet, Little Sister, and the Broker were all of a bunch fighting it out for {daces. ? 