OUK PAR1S LETTER. (SWoim October 3. Servia is the only European State which has no national debt, and hearing ir_ mind its size, the one whose military organization is the most perfect. Since her independence her prosperity has been uncheckered, her population has more than, doubled, her schools and colleges have become the intellectual • fire-side for the whole interior of the . Turkish peninsula, and yet in 1839 her ; sovereign publicly confessed that he did not know how to write. Servia is Slav, but dissident Slav, like Greece, and lience obnoxious to Holy Russia, whose scheming to overthrow', the liberalism. and civilization of the Ser vians, and to make more abject the sub mission of the Prince of Bulgaria, has been prematurely exposed. Diplomatists have the hardest of nut? to crack. The separation of the Bul garias will not be permitted ]I still less; the deposition of the Prince of Bulgaria to be replaced by a simple Russian puppet. Austria, and behind her Ger many and England, will hack the- dis sident and civilized Slavonism, repre sented by Servia. How is she,'Greece and Albania to be strengthened? Clearly by dividing that apple of dis cord, Macedonia. No one speaks of maintaining the European integrity of Turkey. The western powers will not leave the new peoples at the mercy of the Ottomans, Nor is it clear, what great power will first advance to the in evitable fray if Bruin waddles onwards, Servia, etc., are accused of the ambi tion to he big, and so disturb the diges tion of the Brobdignags. The latter ' were at one time riotlets too, the first King was a successful soldier. It has been by picking and stealing united to' force that great empires have been founded, and that form of Rob Roy civilization will continue to the end of the chapter. It was the sword gave the Turks their European possessions, " where the sword is, there is faith;" The good old rule, the simple plan, that they should take who have the powez, and they should keep who can, is the common creed of humanity, ' The Ser vians are certainly brave, to have con quered their independence after years of oppression. They may be indolent and suspicions, bat they are honest and truthful It is difficult to deceive them and they wear their hearts on their sleeves, so Muscovite influences have not corrupted these best gifts of nature. They boast to have no nobles amongst them, they are, all nobles. Their word is sacred. A prisoner for them is a brother. In a court of justice a prisoner will be allowed to absent him self by promising to return, and he will be faithful to the rendezvous at the prison.'' Servians dislike oath taking, they would never defile before their Parlia ment as was the habit with the French Republicans swearing to be victorious. They are warrior-looking, and of an agreeable military appearance, ever armed, a Servian is not the less the most peaceful of men. The women fine not exactly, handsome, but they look well in their semi-oriental costume.A Servian woman is always ejected to have black hair; in Paris a lady has as many shades of hair- as she has of toilettes, commencing with a red, that would provoke the fury of a whole herd of Andalasian bulls, down to the ,softest shade of Venus blonde. Many women in Servia consequence of the necessity to have raven lochs patronize dyes extensively, the consumption of borrowed locks from other crowns is always enormous. - Then she decorates her tresses with all the gold coin she can save, that constitutes at once her fortune and savings bank. To this she super-adds a scaffolding of 'flowers, feathers, and beads, more fearfully and wonderfully toppling than the most attitndinal head-dress -ever worn by Marie Antoinette in her most rakish days. The Servians, like the Albanians, retain the Scythian custom of becoming brothers by the ties of fraternity: two young men who desire to be brothers by choice open a vein and drink a drop of each others blood to comment the imperishable friendships. Unlike the Albanian, the Servian has no vendetta. He is a bit superstitious, believes in ghosts like Dr.' Johnson; has a weak ness for magicians and sorcerers/ as some Westerns have for mediums and " spirits," every Christmas eve he rubs himself over with garlic for good luck, but he has no faith in patent medicines.' He respects another old custom, that of the soil being the common property of all, and the best remedy against the invasion of pauperism. Mr. Chamber Jain seems to admire this- Slavonic principle, proof, that light still comes from the north. Servia is the country of agricultural communities, the families are happy and gay. Not more than one-eight of the surface of the soil of Servia is under culture,' and farming is still in the rudimentary stage but the country is leaping towards Western civilization at the Japanese pace. Belgrade is now an English city, and Chabatz, on the Save, is a little Paris. In the matter of hog-manu factures the kingdom beat Chicagos and Cincinnati, it supplies Germany with all the raw material for her sausages, on which the valor of the Tuetons in 1870 was said to be based. Every man who pays taxes and is of legal age has a right to vote, Kingship is hereditary subject to a plebiscite- a plan that ought to make Prince Napoleon's mouth water. All religions are free, but the Greek Catholic is the state church, acknowledging, not the Pope at Moscow, but the Patriach of Con stantinople, for head. The Bishops only are paid, the clergy are dependent for support on their flocks. The pro- perty of the Monasteries has been sold and the proceeds devoted to the erection ' of schools. The Servian army is an -organised skeleton, so arranged, that on the first blast of their horn all the highly trained men fall in. The king and -queen lead the way' to death or glory, and the clergy fight side by side with their parishioners, That national army can number 170,000 men—all hating now, the Czar as much as ever they did the Sultan. The next check against the European advance of Bruin is Greece. She .as pires to Constantinople, but may not arrive there as soon as she. thinks. The Greeks are not so well liked as the Servians. They have too much dissimu lation in their character. Some philo sophers assert it is to this quality must be attributed the absence of suicides among that people. There are no lunatic asylums in Greece, and a mad Greek is as rare as a Helen. They have no relationship -with the ancient Greeks; Save in name. Thus their ancestors de voted 700 yeare to build the temple of Jupiter Olympus, and their sons in tend to use it as a quarry for as many centuries more. Albania, may fill an uncertain role in the .coming battle of Armageddon.. The system of clans, or tribes, prevents united action for a common end. They will hot even resemble the Irishman, who on landing in New York, observing a free fight, went, in for it, praying to the Virgin to guide him to take the right side, Albanian customs are very primitive. There is no flirtation in Albania, for if a young girl be seen speaking to a young man her father will likely kill her. Then she has no exctise -to. be in a- hurry, since she is married off at twelve, "and may be en- gaged from her cradle. Wedded, she is like the dumb driven cattle ; she is not; her husband's darling, but his slave. She keeps the house, tills the fields, is always active, 'Mike the weaver's shuttle," while her husband resembles- the bell-wether, majestically leading a flock. Belgravian mothers should note that usage fixes the fortune expected with a fiancee at 25fr. But degraded as the social position of that wife is, she could traverse alone the long length and narrow breadth of her ; country without being addressed an in solent word. True Nora Creina tra velled from the Giant's Causeway to Cape Clear, as slenderly clad as Lady Godiva, " with only her beauty to guard her." Divorce law is very severe in Albania. The unchaste wife is buried alive under a heap of stones by her nearest relatives, while the out raged husband, is presented with the head of her paramour, In England that domestic irregularity is settled by a banker's cheque for damages, or as in France by a duel. The death of old people is never regretted, but younger folks are lamented so intensely that mourners go mad with grief. In Paris it looks as if everyone was becoming a candidate. In a few days the ambitious will be able to take better stock of their self-importance, and to study what they have lost in payment for posters, and in having their charac ters trailed an,the mud. The . elections have heen;a, god-send for the printers* paper merchants and bill stickers. The < result of the voting depends on the Re-j publicans closing up the terrible divisions intheir ranks for the second ballot. If not, the Republic is in for dangerous squalls, Olemenceau, the 'j best judge of the radicals, believes all differences will be on this occasion arranged, - - He himself is suffering from the new disease " canvassing anemia." : As he as a hydropot and takes a tub bath every morning Richard ought soon to be himself again. He wants rest, a few - days' -shooting over his native heath in the Vendee, - Rochefort will be: returned to the . new Parliament as the official leader of the anarchists, the only sect he has to choose. People are curious to see if that fiery writer and the censor of all political immoralities, will have the pluck or the audacity, to detail in the tribune the moiety of his vagaries, or a slight percentage of his utopias and legends, There are very respectable journals which affirm the condition of affairs in Tonkin and Annam is very grave,' and the greatest difficulty is to know what to do with the "take," To retain it is as bad as to give it up. -Then the El Dorado dreams of making nuggets out of the commercial treaty - with China has vanished. ; ; The -.railway contemplated from Burmah to cement the .: alliance between the two Johns—Bull and Chinaman—will not only destroy such prospects, hut will nip in the bud the goings onof the French about Mandalay. Respecting Madagascar, that is also another ball chained to Prance. Private letters from : the -soldiers depict -the situation there as gloomy; _ That Eng land and America block the way by their missionaries. If the French mis sionaries have been beaten out of the field there is no use of taking the de feat too hiueh to heart. However, as Bisniarck remarked, "the French re mind me of Apollo : they cannot bear the idea that any. one can play the flute as . well, or better, than them-1 selves." , . . . The marriage of the prima donna, Madile Emma Nevada, with Doctor Palmer, was quite an event for the' English and American colonies. The civil ceremony took place at the British jumoassy ana was a private lormal at- ; fair. The bride wore a plain walking dress, .a black velvet jacket, close fitting and a scarlet hat. The religions cere mony was performed byFather .Mathew who received her into the Catholic church some months ago ; Madame J. \ W. Mackay has the credit for making! such a beautiful convert. The bride j was led by her father, Doctor Winona, up-the aisle : the four bridesmaids, the best pupils from the academy where she was trained, were in white snrah, trimmed -with Spanish lace and heading to matoh / each had a silver-gilt basket on her arm, -filled with white roses. The bride's dress was white uncut vel vet, trimmed with beautiful point lace, a gift from Mr. Childs, of Philadelphia, The music was executed by artistes from the opera. At the breakfast Ambroise Thomas paid a nice compli ment to his "dearMignon and Mireille.' Pleasant testimony was adduced as to the augmenting intermarriages between Englishmen and American belles. May such unions ever augment, and never come within the degrees of the prohibi ted affinities. The bride's cake was a wonder tor French visitors. It weighed IfiOlbs,. and was decorated with the arms of -England, America'and Dr. Palmer's family. ■ The presents made to the bride were numerous; that by her husband consisted of a broocb^and ear rings to match, in diamonds and sap phires. After spending a few days at Saint-Germain, the happy couple will proceed to London, and then to the Stotes. Near Compiegne the bodies of two men have been fished out of the river Oise; one was a stoker, the other an ian-keeper. Both were strangled and thrown into the same part of the river. The doctors say the victims had dined at the same hour, and apparently on like food, and yet were not known to each other. Bobberies are multiplying, but what is worse in audacity also. A rogue advertised for a wife; an old maid; fell into the trap, deceived by ap pearances and false references, she showed where she kept her fortune, 20,000fr. in a press. One day the lovers were out walking; he returned, cleared the room and presses of all he could , lay hands on, and is now. " wanted" by the police. Vicount de Former entered a telegraph office to send off. a message j he observed a dis carded form, and on reading it found it to be a rough copy of a telegram from his " doating mistress" to a Polish dancing master warning- him not to visit as her "old brute"—the Yiscounfc had returned. He drove to the residence of the Pole and made him dance, with a horsewhip unexpectedly before all his pupils. The Chinese make no wine although the vine flourishes in luxurious wildness. BishopPagnucci asserts from the results of his essays in the valley of Iiao- Tu, t»n 66 gallons of wine that he saw pre pared, that the wine recalls that of Tuscany is as red as claret and effervesces like champagne ; the taste is agreeable, and the wine is full bodied. If the' Chinese take to vine planting they would cut out Europeon growers. An agitation is - on foot to get rid of the horrible screws now yoked to Paris cabs. No amount of whipping will make them go. Only think that in 1798 M. Delbrel moved before the Council of Five Hundred that all private carriages and cabs should be compelled to go at a walking pace, and Mercier asserted the only plan to put a stop to furious driving in Paris was to exterpate the race of ghorses altogether. In the Marais, a damp quarter of Paris, the mice are dying by thousands of asthma ; they can be heard wheezing like an Eolian harp. 