OCR MELBOURNE SPORTING LETTER. (BT ' RATAPLAN,") .. . Octobers. ?! . w - commences on Saturday, and will a week from that date. Kveiy preparation has been made by Mr. 7 , for reception of visitors, both country and intercolonial, so that on the score of comfort nothing will he wanting, included in the rich programme are fcwn events of more than passing interest to lovers ot lacing, as they serve as a key-note to the more important events that eventuate a week or two later on at Fiemington. The first of these two important items marked for de cision is the Great Foal Stakes, which, as its name implies, is restricted to two-year olds. Srnce its inception in I8S1 the stake has fallen to animals who, in after seasons, have made a name for themselves on the turf, such as Fryingpan, who opened bis racing career in the Foal Stakes ; then St Law rence, David, and last but not least, Ring master, who defeated a strong field twelve mOQthfi Tha fiol/l flue we.. i« > M u _ . - 7 e _ — -O-' .wv Ubiu VUU J«ll 19 VUUJJUQCU of flyers from both Sydney and Adelaide, who have already winning brackets opposite their names;and I fear very much that unless some thing in the ranks, at prescntunknown, comes to the rescue, Victoria's prospects of retaining the valuable prize is a very poor one. Taking them in the order of merit, the South Australian candidate, Maddelina, is entitled to first notice. She is a powerfully built, and at the same time compact chestnut filly, by Neckersgafc (sire of News tead), from Meg Merrilies, who, in her day and generation on the turf, was a veritable flyer, but at the sairie time an arrant jade, and unworthy the confidence of even her own shadow. On more than one occasion, when her party planked on the dollars in real earnest, she sadly dis- appointed them, while at other times, when she was allowed to run for the stake only, she almost invariably won. Her daughter, the subject of my remarks, holds an un beaten certificate up to date, her brace of victories having been accomplished in the land of her birth, and without the semblance of a struggle. But whether she will race when pinched, or throw up the sponge, as did her mother, has yet to be proven, and the fact will nrobablv be decided on R&turdav.; Next in order is the Sydney bred repre sentative, Acme, by Chester from Princess Maude, and she is most appropriately named, being the acme of strength and good looks, yet one of the low sort. In colour Acme is a dark brown, and is owned by the Hon. 3. Vhitc, by whom she was bred. She made her bow on the turf in the Richmond Stakes at the late Spring Meeting of the Australian Jockey Club at Sydney, wherein she carried Sst. and fairly lost her field without ever being once extended, and such an impres sion did the performance make on the minds of all those who witnessed her gallop, that she immediately supplanted Maddelina iu the quotations for the valaable Maribyr- nong Plate. This is her only appearance in public, and, like Maddelina, she has yet to show whether she be genuine inetal or brass when the test is a crucial one. For mypart i I.think she will be found composed of the right stuff and I intend standing her in pre ference to the Adelaide filly. The Kun is another filly that can lay claim to a victory, she having won the Sapling Stakes at Fiemington as late as Saturday last, and the way she spread- eagled her field inspires ns with a glimmer of hope that our visitors will not secure the prize without a struggle. The Nun, I may mention, hails from the famous St. Albans Stable, near Geelong, and is by First Ring, from Pilgrimage. Tbe rudiments of her education are being imparted to her by Mr. J. D. Robertson, at Kingston, where the great Coronet was prepared for the New market Handicap. Edith claims the honor of haviog won the first two-year-old race of the present season in Victoria, her victory being obtained at Geelong. Sbe is by tbe highly useful sire, Glorious, from Mangana, and was purchased at Mr. Mitchell's annual sale of blood yearlings by Mr. E. Weeks, and subsequently sold by that gentleman to her present owner, aqd is located with Denmark and Co., in Chifney's stable, at Fiemington. Edith is not without her ad mirers for the Foal Stakes, but J. fancy she will find the company just a little too warm for her. Anita is the fifth fillv in the race that can claim a victory, she having run a dead heat with Lord Chancellor at the last Elsternwick meeting. Anita is a bright chestnut, rather on the pony side, but a compactly put together little damsel, with a head as game as tbe proverbial bull-dog. She is by Neckersgat from La K&ine;, the dam of Tyropean, who won tbe Newmarket Handicap in 18S3. Anita gallops like a filly that will eozne at the right end of the tussle, and I shall not be the least surprised should sbe carry Sir William Clarke's popular colours into a place, if not absolutely to the front. Of the colt division, Manxman has a great private reputation, so also has Inuendo, who holds a winning bracket, but my incli nations are all in favour of tbe fair sex on this occasion, and I shall look to Acme, Madelina, and Anita to fill the three first positions. The Caulfield Guineas is brimful of interest, as it will introduce to our notice a candidate who will, or at least should, be en titled to respect for the Y.R.C. Derby. In 1881, the Guineas were won by the Queens land horse, Wheatear, who was by tbe Stockwell horse Epigram, from Wheatsheaf. A year later the prize fell to the lot of Fryingpan, and twelve months after, that great and improving horse, Sardius (whose victory in the coming Melbourne Cup race is next to a moral), appropriated the stake. Last year the South. Australian fillies, Sandal, Gratitude, and Helene, filled the three first places much to the delight of Mr. William BLackler, who bred the trio. For the event under notice tbe supporters of Monte Ghristo and Dtznlop are about equal, but why, or wherefore, is one of those turf mysteries that occasion ally crop up. Look at it how I will, I cannot see Dunlop with a ghost of a show on paper, as Monte Christo has beaten him every time they met, and on one occasion he gave Danlop a stone and de feated him with fully a hundredweight in hand. The admirers of the Adelaide colt base their faith on Dunlop's defeat of Uralla in the All- Aged Stakes at the last V.R.C. Autumn Meeting. Those, however, who saw that race will, I think, agree with me that it was the reverse of a truly ran one, for Garfield, or rather Colley, who rode him, and Ellis, who guided Uralla, cut their own throats in the endeavor to wear each other down, the ultimate result bring that Danlop who was nicely ridden by little Flanagan, a) .( AL.m 4-lia ma lin ot. fhp dis. JjavC I LLC ptUL UL gw >J """ i lance post and won comfortably. But that performance is hardly . good enough for me to forsake Mr. White's colt in favour of Dunlop. Respecting the work done by, and the condition of, each colt, there is not much to say. Monte Christo certainly looks on the big side, and since his arrival at Fiemington has bad Hie sweaters on more than once, and moreover strikes me as roing somewhat short in his work. Dpnlop ias not been sent along as fast as might lave been expected, with the exception of once, and that was on Tuesday morning last, when be is reported to have done a mile in 2mm. 4Ssec., with Sst 51b on his back, at four o'clock in the morning ; bat I do not believe be did it, and granting that be did, 1 am greatly averse to such tactics, for, although supposed to.be a clever move, it is in "«"« cases out of ten indicative of a hidden desire to dispense with some of tire money which has been invested in wagers, or, more plainly speaking, that the horee is either broken in wind or damaged in limb. I may be wrong in my arguments, but I shall certainly stand by Monte flhristo as against Danlop. Bemns is doing' very well al Brighton under the watchful careof :his owner, S. G. Cook, bnt there ore some doubts abont bis starting, bat should -he dosotbe mount will be entrusted to Alec. Robertson, who was so successful lastseaBon with Mains, Bingwood, and others. Mr. Cook, I am informed, is very sanguine of his Derby chance with Bemns, and will nrobablv reserve him for that event. At gftime of writing both Lady Claudia .. n 1-fc m ' 4-ho cfnlro anil HM «Sn prob»bly «ie-colt, will take a, lot of beating. Bus brings me to the pony Ringmaster, who Pyed suA havoc with bfclehHn the mile raoe at Hennngton on Saturday last Young James Wilson has terrible crnsjier ;&f; £im to -carry. he is so SndomftaMygamethat If oily expect to see him -get home first or second. ; Mis pedigree is jurt to myliktog, for he iby . First J&ng; fa great -.pqifdnner) .-front Mischief, by the | tetter from Sydney, and has taken np his quarters Caulfield. He may be looked upon as a certain starter, but I atn sceptical about bis ability to overthrow Monte Christo. A filly that will perform very well is Joanna, who, last season, displayed a rare turn of speed at Fiemington. The Goldsbroueh colt, Egbert, will probably form one of the field, unless sent for the Maiden Plate, in which case he is hardly likely to be saddled up a second time. One or two others, too, of more or | less repute, may take part in the contest ; but the winner is, I thiuk, concealed in the above-mentioned candidates, and to occupy tbe three premier positions, I shall stand by Monte Christo, Ringmaster, and Dunlop, who may possibly creep into a place, unless Juanna or Eagle Grange disappoints him. 