^'SEdHOES 'OF^MEIiBOURNE ^ ',Y; ;*r'(B.T. The Ghost.) ' ' ..'The.freqliericy of Cabinet meetings, and 'the, number- of deputations) that daily haunt ?fctie Ministerial offices, are the certain signs T)y. which the', fast approaching meeting of .Parliament ;P may be known. Scarcely a morning' passes, -without the Government meeting in solemn conclave, the ostensible obj ect of their assembling being ' to prepare the measures to bo submitted during the coming session, but if the truth must be told, their real purpose being to devise the best means of 'how not to do it.' The bill remodelling the constituencies has been 'whittled' down, and' when submitted 'will'be found anything but . comprehensive in .its character. Only a few of the electorates will be dealt with, the remain der, in order to offend as few of the seat holders . as possible, being left severely jalone,. the ouly measures to which the (Soyerrirrient will lend ita imprimatur being those dealing with the questions of water supply^ the mallee leases, electoral reform in a modified degree, and the rabbits, who having no votes are to be dealt with in a most Beyere manner. The Local Option Bill .will no doubt figure as one of the dishes' of the political menu to be set before the .people's representatives, but it is settled that this is, among others, to be looked' \ipon, 'from a Ministerial point of view,!as,ari'open' question. Indeed most of , ttib'prpmised or foreshadowed law making of the coming sessipri-r^f or no pro niiseshafe yet been made— -will be rather of a'-^gp-'as:you -please' kind.. There will ?be^during this last session of a moribund Parliament, a great deal of talk, and very little Vork., Honourable members with the ordeal' of February next looming in the not far distance will look at all matters submitted to them from the standpoint of future,'! eventualities rather than from that ' of. present requirements. Their remarks will dhiefly -be directed ' over the heads' of Parliament,' as, llr. ,C. G. ,'Duffy once phrased it to the constituencies beyond, and as a conseguoncethere^wyiihp great ory aid little wool, and a vast deal .ofif'ialk; ing to' Buncombe.' -When the Houses' ad journ' at Christinas time, ' it' is saf e to prer diet that, the; hap'orth . of bread, ' in the shape, of ] laws i! placed on the; Victorian Statute Book, will be found very small in deed when compared with the quantity, of sack, in the 'shape of words,by which it has jbeeri' accompanied. , ? ;'.'.- ?'.' .! .?'. '.i. The recent land ? scramble. has nbt/ex Hibitcil the chosen representatives of the people in a very becoming light. It 'has always been known, that,., our Victorian 'patriots ' were . strong believers in- the injunction affirming, the, desirableness of securing ' the greatest good for the great est number,' and that.the said number iwas! iii. their estimation invariably 'rium- ?-? her- one-' ? !But'as'a rule the fierce light, of publicity has not been let 'in on their doings.' Ministers' of the 'Crown and 1 .'honourable ' members . may, in times past, hayestuffed the ?. Government service iWitn^heir sons, iathers-in:law, sons-in-law, 'and(1oven ' their, sisters and their cousins 'and- their, aunt's.' ? They may even have placed young ladies of doubtful character, or 'no' character at all,, in the Pos-office and Telegraph department ;' but then this ?yras',,all' done [''sub ro'sa, and the scandals .only; occasionally leaked out,. But things aie changed ,now, and our legislators .no longer seek, to, avail ! themselves of .''.the shady side of political' byways.'. . Hence last ' week the bold' attempt of ,'a numh'er of .the.'.p eople's ''representatives '.'„ .to! ?'' elbow .'the people 'off the land 'arid secure it for themselves. Trim, the lancl was exceptipn ally valuable— worth some ten,., pounds ; an ,acre~ajad a, selection , of 320 acres meant 'therefore 432pOiip the .pocket- of the for'tu .;riate-applicant. ,The .Minister of Mines, tMt.J. ^.?Leyien.j Mr. B. Eichardson,.an 'ex-Minister of Lands' ; Mr. Copper, Chair, .'man' of Committees of the -Assembly j! and ? ,'Mr.i K.', Balrer, the. representative of 'the .'Wiimmera district, ! were . all afflicted with' earth-hunger ; , and although .when- Mr. . Levien found ' that the applications were / in excess of , the allotments: to be distri buted he withdrew his claim, Messrs'. Bichardv .u and his legislative confreres ?wrangled over ;the selections in a fashion -highly: suggestive of a lot of half -Btarved ' ?curs fighting for the possession of a bone. iApparently Mr. Eichardson's appetite for jthe good rthings the State has' at its dis .posali is.vuisatiable. ..'. During the polite ^interchange of civilities that took place ?among, the applicants, it transpired that tthe senior member for Creswick has three -,o£ hia progeny in the Education depart 1 merit, besjde3 a legion' of his relations dis tributed in* snug Government billets all; i over the colony.' ?; Yet the 'honourable ?member is fond of posing as tho purest 'iofthe Assembly, and- seldom rises in his1 iplace in the Assembly without pointing .'the;fihger of scorn at some of his neigh-1 '.bours, who should have no cakeB . and ale, ? because of his intense virtue; ? And of such -is !the- Assembly of Victoria! , ' . . ? .,.?, .- ? i j'The large, enthusiastic, and influential ?! -'gathering that met in the Melbourne Town j '?Hall^has 'wisely decided that a statue.is ! ith'e 'most fitting Jorrn hrwhich their tri- ; 'jbute^of i admiration for: the great and gal-' c larit Gordon can be shown: '? It is a matter ?for sincere rejoicing that this : determine (.tioh has been arrived at. : A building in.: -whioh'to holdthe 'try excelsior '' classes I iwbuld no doubt, had' ? the hero been able ! 'to-'decide tho matter himself, have been rthe'formiri which he- would have desired to see his name perpetuated. But its ereo-i ?tidn'in hishonour would have been as 'out '(ofyjoint with the eternal fitness of things ?as would have been the construction, say, -of a-model' prison to perpetuate the name '?'of the;philanthropic Howard. , ; ?; -,.' ;*r r'For publishing whatinthe estimation of ; f'twelve good men' and true '.'/was' a. ma \--lioiius 'libel; the Daily Telegraph hasibeen ? ;adjtidged'to'p'ay Mr,: Walkeri one ofrthe New Guinea explorers, *8100 and. the xwata' of thetrial. ? -in-, all the proprietors, will have' to pay sojJie.lfdur or five hundred pounds' for a leading j artiole which -Mr. Purvos, the leading counsel for the ' de fendant newspaper,! appraised aa . worth thirty shillings ! The reverend editor has proved an expensive luxury to his saintly employers. ???? -'a ?;?.-?'' Let it be hoped Mr. Fitchett has learnt wisdom from '. the trial,' and discovered that there are dangers in the wide area of journalistic literature not to be: found, in the narrow fields ;of polemical discussiom Ufa sutor ultra crepidam, -the j reverend gentleman who writes B.A. after, his pat ronymic has doubtless heard of ? ere this, and it would bo well therefore if in 'future, in the interests of the D.T. proprietary, the gentleman who ' bosses ' the concern would confine himself to looking after the Kew Educational Establishment for Young Ladies, over which he presides, and eschew the perils of the Press for the safer shelter of the pulpit. Indefid, if the averment in the pjjogpftotus of, the 'Wesleyan Ladies' College, that it is within two minutes distance of the Hawthorn Station; be true, the young ladies must be ''a| very fast lot.'. To cover the distance in- the stated time they will have to beat Atalanta'sbest record j and, as is well known, she was the f'.fastest ','? young damsel of her day. , ' , i And apropos of. newspapers, it is worth recording that, during the, week ,there ha? been, a, death -and a birth, in the journal istic world. The evening, paper, the^orZi, breathed its last on Saturday, , only, how ever, toshake off; its1 grave clothes and appear in a new dress on the Monday. Beasons upon, which it is. needless to dilate are said to have occasioned this somewhat.extraordinary death and .resur rection, which has, .however, indthing ..of the, miraculous about it. | Another evening journal is also shortly to make' its^appear ance.in Melbourne.; ! Eeally this is enough to make one;believethat ; there are, at; the present time living in Victoria people who have never, heard, of the . proverb,, which avers that 'fools- and their^ money Tare soon parted,' prat all, events, who. pay, no heed;to the trite, saying. .... , . ; ? ,-i., i ; The ; working miners ? of Victoria , appeal desirous of -imitating the example of ;Qliyer Twist and' asking for more.'. -They have achieved the boon of eight hours .as,a dayls work,, and now, they, want this time still further reduced. ,.The, ' halfrhpur. , during which' they cease work while on shift, they wish to have, , reckoned, ,. in ; their, ,'tiine below.' If, ,'crib,' as .it ; is, .technically called, is reckoned; as.' work,, ;the, miner's hours -of. labour will be, reduced. to, seven and a half .. While the mining, industry ,is in the,, depressed condition it is;the.emT ployera are hardly , likely ; to , , voluntarily: grant the concession, and the miners are decidedly unwise, in demanding it; ? 'Crib- bing'; is. already, unfortunately, too, much aasociated with mining enterprise in'-the, minds of shareholders to renderitsoexten sion agreeable to investors. ,. , ?''? ',-!; A sympathetic jury of hiB countrymenjhas found that Dr. L, L. ? Smith has i been libelled by the assertion of : a,- theatrical manager that the jubilee Exhibition inMel bourne,.of which the ci^deuani: Postmaster,! General was one of . the ..promoters,. . was being, 'trun' in, the interests of that gentle; man;-, but ,'taking into , cpnsideratipn the. fapt. that on frequent occasions 8ince,theinr stitutioni of,- the ;, .action for 'damages the slanderer ; and'. ; the slandered ? . have 'liquora,d;up' together, has. assessed the damages at ...one farthing. -Had, the jovial manufacturer of cretne de bouity /not been a man ofi' -sporting' proclivities,' and often seen a, couple; of ;prize -fighters shake hands before proceeding to pound each other put of all semblanco.of humanity, in all prpbat .bilityp.jhe.'.w.ould -?? have', jrefrained -froni .'? shouting' for Mr . Musgrpye; who in court remembered drinking with , the doctor, but forgot he .had:- pledged himself .tor. say nothing.-about.it,;, and by t this .convenient slip.of'.me'morytlet ,the:jury se.e that. .Mr. Smith . only. required ; a public, vindication of his character .and .oared; little. for pecu niary 'gain. r:,.The . .episode, points , its own moral; and one, wnichtthe' recipient o£ , the damages :.will; do- well J ;tp,:lay( to heart. Never trust i an. opponent, with, a secret he can use-:against you, and if )you!:m'ust iask him to.'hayea drink.. give j him a/' dose.. of' poison if yoii.can. -l:If you- can't,, :make him ' Bwallow a 'long colonial beer.' ,- .;?..,' ,;..:;;.,:'; . -,. June,,4..: :',.vji '? ... .iV.-j.; -..?(;.?: ';,;?-; ,-;. . ?:, ' 