»* Snta Watclt, . PDBLianbD EVERY WEDNESDAY AND * 8AT0UDAY MOllNINQ, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21,1885. v THE CHEESE QUESTION. THREE is undoubtedly a good field for capital find enterprise in South Australia for ohoBBO-making. Besides what wt> mako wo havo boon in the habit of im porting something like ftvo hundred tone a year, and Bonding out of thoaolony in payment for tho samo about £26|000 a* year, Tho retention of this money in the colony. w«l circulation-first among those engaged in tho production of choose, and afterwards in all manner of channels-oould not fail to bo an all round bouellt and to give a great stimulus to trade, Tho question whether this nioiioy he intercepted aud made to do A first in tho colony >s onothat should QUvv. " «-.^«rcsb dairy ownarfl in this Bpeomlly ii.. "Mutt, oun, and bave district, Other ai»w.. . «..* ^0(jd from time to time turned uu" oheeBe, but no district is ao well situ* ated, all things considered, as this for carrying on tho busiuoBa on a large and permanent aonlo. Mnoh of County Grey is hotter adapted for dairying than any other pursuit; tho beat of it only differs' from that to which wo alludo in that it is still bettor, Comparatively speaking, we have a cool climate; for six mofiths of the year we can oount on a good supply of natural green feed, and our abundant rainfall makes it possible, by the growth of roots and foddor plants, to havo green feed all tho year round. With this vantage ground, aud taking the figures we have quoted to be correct, we see no reason why County Groy should not take the cream of the oheeae-making in dustry of South Australia, For many years wo havo seen farmers struggling to grow whoat crops on the drained land which only brought them in debt; and after a hard battle with what may be now set down as the impos sible, we question whether some of them are not worse off than when they atarted, To them the conversion of the reaper and hinder into milking cans should mean a ebftngQ for the IMtWi Instoafl oi a defioitlat the end of the year it would moan a .b'alanoe on the right aido of the. ledger, - .Elsewhere we give a short fituiimnry of what, took place at a meeting held in the Mount Gambler Agricultural and Horticultural Society's rooms last Satur day. .We have recently direoted atten-. tionto a movement originated in Ade laide towards increasing the production of South Australian oheese, Mr, XTmpherston, who had the Bubjeot brought under his notice while on a visit to the metropolis, took the first oppor tunity after getting home to gee what was likely to come out of the thing, He asked those interested to meet him on Saturday to talk the matter over. The outoome of this meeting was that a reso lution was oarried lu favour of convening a full meeting of all interested uuder the auspices of the Society. That meet ing will be held nest Saturday, and we hope to Bee a largo attendance at it; not of theoretical men merely, but of those whose practloal experience and know ledge Bhould be a guarantee that they are qualified to give a sound and safe opinion on the points that may be brought up, It appears that there is now a gentleman in Adelaide possessed of a thorough knowledge of the factory system, who iB willing to visit the dis trict and give it the benefit of his advice on very reasonable terms, Saturday's meeting will be asked to say whether an invitation should be sent to him, and it appears to us that no matter what may be done this offer is one that Bhould be closed with, We have no doubt abuud nnce of individual experience among ourselves, tut .we may still learn some thing that will be to our advantage by [ getting some insight relative to the working of companies and co-operative factories elsewhere. Unfortunately, our experience of companies has not been ] very satisfactory at Mount Gambier; , possibly we have never got into the right groove; and at the present moment we do not thin); there is the ghost of a chance of getting farmers or others to form one even for going into Biioh an apparently good line as oheese making. lIutMr. Walpole may dispel some mists that prevail on the subject; and if not he may help to smooth the way to a modification of the company syBtem. Though it might not be advisable, or even possible, to float a oompany, we do not see why a few neighbours favorably situated Bhould not oombine to work on the co- operative SyBtem. It might be to their advantage to olub together for-putting up the necessary premises, getting the needed plant, and engaging a oheesemaker in common. There would be little risk in this, A percentage might be allowed on-the oheese . made for expenses, and eaoh contributor would then get oheese in"proportion to the milk sent,in for manufacture, The co-operative system of business is gaining favor in all parts of the world, and it promises to make, still more rapid strides in the near future. It is.worked satisfactorily in some of the oheese fac tories of America, and there is no reason to suppose it would not suit the exigonoies of the South- East, A great drawbaok that must attend oheese uiaking on a small soale is the prelimi nary expense of buildings and plant suitable for onrrying on the business to perfection. To get the best results it is essontial that tho business should be oarried on on a soale sufficiently large to give an adequate return for capital invested as well as labor bestowed upon it. The cooperative system, therefore, should best meet the interests of small makers; and it will be a gain if by some means theycau join their strength and have one first-olass making establishment instead of several small and unsatis factory ones. If it were only to expound aud illustrate the co-operative system we believe the visit of Mr. Walpole would be a gain to the distriot. . We have already stated our opinion that to be successful a oheese faotory established at Mount Gambier would not only need to be able to make the oheese, but to produce the milk for the purpose, From information that haB sinoe reached UB from all sides this view is generally entertained. Not many would be prepared to ontor into contracts to sell ana supply milk to a faotory. But looking at the matter from the co-opora tive staud point different views might .prevail,' The supplier of milk would not sell his produce, He would merely hand in the raw material, pay the manu facturer for bis trouble, ana tako away his share of the manufactured article, It only nqeds that this arrangement should be entered into by those con fenieutiy situated'-for working it to render it popular and profitable, It is generally concoded here that the extr% duty on. oheese, whatever may be said respecting it on eoouomical grounds, offers a big bonuB to cheese makers, and it will be a scandal to the Mount Gam bier distriot if it'does not'lead to the lion's share of the annual £25,000 oheose bill coming to the garden of the colony, THE notorious King'of Burmah (Theebaw) is receiving some attention from the, Indian authorities for his misdeeds. An ultimatum has been sent to him, and if he does not show practical evidence of penitence a British army will pay a visit to his capital. It will be a, good thing for his subjects if Burmah is in. eluded in the Indian Empire. THE jury have found that for the sensational aooident which happened on tho Oaulfield racecourse last Saturday nobody is toblamo. There is a-doubt as to which horse fell first and as to the cause of his falling, .but the most probable theory is that Too Too and Sardius cannoned and came down simultaneously, tho others behind falling over them 'pell-mell as they came up. The mishap was not duo tq any fault of the course, nor to improper riding, It was a pure accident, and its magnitude was due to the largo number of horses engaged in the race,. The latest news from Melbourne reports the1 injured jockeyH to be all out of danger, and tho damaged horses ara also all improving. INTKRCOIONIAI. RAH,WAV, - The- Mount ?Marker Courier writes s-" The platelayers employed by Messrs. Robinson & Haig aro now wofi on towards Scott's Greek with the rails, and in a few days there will bo a clear run froin tho further side of the bridge to the River Murray, The ironwork for the erection of the structure itself, after a long delay on the voyage from Kngland, arrived a few weeks ago, and good progress |s bping made in the work of putting it into position. TJie r/iils from Nairne to within a quarter of a mile of Scott's Greek have bepn laid for some months, and when the bridge is finished little further work will remain to bo done in order to open up traffic between Nairne and the terminus of the line. In all probability the contractors' engine will be run ning from one end to the otherby the first month of next year, Meaasra, Miller Brothers are making equally good progress with the con cluding section of the lfne between the Murray and tho Victorian Border, and lonj? before the contract has expired the Intercolonial Railway to Victoria will be an accomplished fact." WsstHVAN LrmiAHY SOCIETY,-The follow ing has been supplied to us i-The fortnightly meeting of the Wesleyan Literary Society was held on Tuesday evening, ISth inst., the rresi 4,eflt j(Mr, M. 0. Wilson), in the Chair. The subject for the eyening was " Moses and Qeol by Mr. Jowea Gock. £s A preludo tho ok. an intpresfcipg extract fro$ a President rt.." " ^""ktheui&ad; a paper work on geology, Mr, v.. tn&t; on the subjeot, in whioh he sought tu 0". the gradual formation of the earth's orust from the molten to the presont state was confirma tory of the account given by MoBes. During his remarks Mr. Cook exhibited various strata, and touched on the animal and vegetable, life that had reaohed its present height. The sub ject was then fairly disoussed by the society, A hearty vote nf thanks was expressed to Mr, Cook for the instruction the society had re oeived. During Jhe evening Miss Nicholls suc cessfully sang "Looking Forward," and Mr, Walker recited with good eflfeot, "David's lament for Absalom." The President an nounced that Mr, Croft would lecture on "Tel. egraphyat the next meeting, The doxology brought an enjoyable meeting to a olose. RECHABITISM, - It is announced that on Tuesday evening next a publio tea in con nection with the Morning Star Tent, I.O.R,, will be hold in the Rechabitos' Hall, and that a publio meeting will he held in the same room afterwards, At the latter addresses will be delivered by Past High Chief Ruler Dimond and High Chief Treasurer Hodgson (visitors fromi England), and Ji. Alcork, jun,, D.O.R,, of Adelaide, Tho visiting gentlemen aro senloua members of tho Order, good buuineau men, and excellent speakers. Mr, C. Hodgson, who is a Manchester resident, has ever been a wntovw expiuwutj g£ tewymnco and lieghfMte principles, and is an aotive member of the lead ing temperance organizations of England, He is ilso, and has been for many years, a hard worker in Sunday school and other church work. He is principal of the firm of Hodgson ind Steel, Egerton Works and Hope Foundry, Salford, Manchester, Mr. John Dirnond, of Southport, is a no less zealous and energetic laborer in the temperance cause. There will doubtless be iarge gatherings at both tea and publio meeting to meet tham, THE Hamilton Spectator of Tuesday says !?» " An oversight occurred iu dispatching the mails by tho early morning train on Sunday from Hamilton, the Melbourne bag for Mount Gambier being loft behind, and much incon venience was ceased in the mail arrangements at Oasterton, Tho Mount Gambier coaoh was kept back _ at Oaatorton for a long time, the but missing bag not turning up, Mr, Oawker was compelled to dispatch the vehicle in order to avoid disorganising the service al together, The conveyance with the bag did not arrive in Casterton from Hamilton until about a quarter-past twelve in the day, or about four and a-half hours behind time," THE MOUNT GAMMKU CORPS of the Salva tion Army appear to be getting on well finan cially, According to the balance-sheet for the ^September quarter, which was read at the meeting on Saturday evening, the receipts were' £138 5s. 10W. The expenditure was £143 loa,, but £30 of that was an advance made to head quarters, and the difference between the ex penditure and receipts was more than met by a surplus from the previous quarter. £10110a, lOd, is now at tho oredit of the Mount Gam bier Corps in Adelaide, The corps held a special watch-night eorvice on Monday night for greater success in the work throughout the world, THE shareholders in the Adelaide North East and Suburban Land Company have deter miued not to appeal against the decision of the Supreme Court in the action recently brought by the company against Sir William Milne and others, Tne company has already paid £1,000 in law costs on its own behalf, and the esti mated costs of the other side are £3,000, The consideration of the financial position of the company was adjourned to enable the directors to interview the mortgagees, WESLEYAN.-The second annual meeting of (he South-Eastera Wesleyan District com menced yesterday morning in the Mount Gambier Church, the Rev, J, H. Trevorrow, Chairman of the Distriot. presiding, The business done was of a preliminary character, A short report of it appears in another oolumn, TEACHERS' ASSOCIATION,-At a meeting of publio teachers in the Mount Gambier School house on Saturday a South-Eastera' branch of the South Australian Publio School- Teachers' Association was formed, Mr, L, W, Stanton was eleoted President, Messrs, J, Donnell and 13\. Donnelly Vice-Presidents, Mr, V, J, Pavia Secretary and Treasurer, and Messrs, Whit ington, Haddy, and Wilson Committee. The first regular meeting was fixed for November 21. AT A meeting of the proposed Jubilee Ex hibition Committee, the chairman announced the receipt of a guarantee bond, and since then he has received the namos of guarantors amount ing to £9,500, as follows Sir, E, T. Smith, £6,000 j Sir T, Elder and Mr, J, H, Angas, £1,000 each} Mr. J, C, Craig, Mr, F, Johnson, M,P,, Mr, F, Rymili, and Mr, E. Spicer, £600 eaoh i the Mayor of Adelaide, and Mr, A, Adamson, £250 eaoh, INSOLVENCY COURT,-At the Mount Gam. bier Insolvency Court on Friday there will be a first hearing in the estate of William - S. Wilson, of Mount Gambler, storekeeper, YAHI.,-The anniversary of the Yahl Wes leyan Sunday School was celebrated by two services on Sunday in the ohurch, The Rev, J, H. Trevorrow preached at each service, and the congregations were large, The anniversary celebratton will be concluded to-day with a public tea and meeting, MR, VARLEY, Honorary Seoretary of the Mount Gambier Hospital Library fund, has just sent circulars and subscription lists to the proprietors and managers of the different stations in the South-East in orderthatshearors and others may contribute their mite. The annual amount for the purchase of illustrated papers and some of the best periodicals involvea an outlay which will be met by a kindly re sponse to the solicitation, It is hoped that when pay-day comes at each of the shearing sheds the subscription list will be presented to all, Owners and managers are respectfully asked to aid in this collection, THE Hon, J, C, Bray will not visit the dis trict next, week in -connection with Circuit Court business, in consequence of his having joined the Ministry, Mr, W, V, Smith will appear in his stead in the case of Williams v. Blakesley's Trustees, Mr. Davies, of Messrs, Moore & Davies, is also engaged in this case for the plaintiff. WE are asked to note an alteration that will be made in the Mount Gambiev show list. In the cattle prizes there will be a prize for three year-old and over bulls i the other prize will be for bulls under three years old. MESSRS, MOORE & BIANCJTK,' a Melbourne firm, were the lowest tenderers for the Mount Gambler to Narracoorte railway, '. They offer to do the work for £08,000, Tnis'is consider ably under the next lowest tender, that of Messrs, Millar Bros, No* tender has yet been officially accepted. EDUCATIONAL,-It is announced that Mis8 Lucy M, Burton, Robe, has passed the Michaelmas pupil teachers' examination in Class II, GAMBIER EAST,-The Gambier East Council have accepted tho tender of J, Turnbull, at £10, for clearing tho road from the metal to Beaton's, North Glenburnie Ward. There were two other tenderers, viz.-J, Reilly, £12, and W, Jones, £10, The latter, however, was for clearing tho centre of the road only. MOUNT GAMBIEU OJIICKKT CLUH,-The Com mitted of the. Mount Gambier Cricket Club met on Thursday evening, The Rev, Hartley Williams presided, and there was a full attend ance, The Secretary (Mr, Croft) reported that the contract for tne pitches had been satisfactorily carried out, Captain Nioholls reported that the matting wis expected to ar rive daily by tho Collingrove. Tne Chairman mentioned that the bone dust forwarded from AdolMde had been spread over the grass with a satisfactory result, It was agreed to obtain a copy of the rulus of the Adelaide Association Clubs to assist in preparing a code for the guid ance of the Mount Gambier Club; and that Messrs. Williams, Allen, and Loutit should prepare it, The Treasurer (Mr, Loutit) read a statement of the estimated receipts ana expenditure of the olub for the present season, The receipts he reckoned at £11210s,. and tho expenditure at £100 Is, 10d" whioh would leave a surplus of £3 17s. 2d, A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Loutit for his trouble in preparing tho estimate. Five new members were eleoted. . The Captain, Vice-Captain, and Secretary were appointed Practice Cap tains for the season. ~ Messrs, Stiok and Pavia were appointed a committee to keep charge of the olub's cricket material ana have it. repaired when necessary. The Captain was authorised to write to all tho clubs in the district, asking them when they oould play tho Mount Gambier Club, in order to have all matches arranged as oarly as pos sible, Jt was resolved to hold the opening niotch on Wednesday, tlin 21st inst.-, and the Secretary was instructed to write to Mr, Ehret asking if Wednesday would suit him for tho hoisting of the new flag presented .by hiin to the club, It was resolved that in future all members playing in matches should wear proper cricketing costume and the club's colors, orange and black, Mr, Allen read the proposed pro gramme for " The .Wapderors'" (our in the distriot. Tho thanks or the club were passed to Mr, Allen for his trouble in the matter, and it was stated that the programme would suit tho Committee's arrangements, Messrs. Allen, Thurston, Nicholls, Phillips, and the Secretary were appointed a Sub- Committee to mako all arrangements' for receiving the Ade luide teams. The Secretary was instructed to write to Mr. Ayera expressing pleasure nt the proposed visit of The Wanderers, and assuring Jiim tjiat' the Committee would do" all they could to make the trip .in every way enjoyaole, Mr. W. NJchoJla mentioned that knowing tho financial state of tho club he had engaged tho Institute Hall for Christmas week for holding a fanoy fair in aid of the club, Ho had been promised good support, and had no doubt of the success of the scheme, Tho Com mittee approved of Mr, Nicholls' action, and passed their best thanks to him, Several ac counts were passed for payment. A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the meeting, We learn that Mr, Ehret has written intimat ing that he will have pleasure in formally hoisting the new flag this afternoon, , 