The Gippsland Times. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 17, 1885. We are compelled to hold over leading matter, Melbourne correspondence and that from our travelling reporter, together with several other items. The total number of cattle forward at Newmarket to-day is 1,948. The total amount realised from the sale of Crown lands at Traralgon on Monday last was £297 2s 10d. The majority of the lots a were knocked down at the upset price. The recommendations of the land board with regard to the selections at Fish Creek will be found in another column. It will be seen that several of the successful applicants are residents of this portion of the district, and are persons having both the capital and experience by which they will be enabled to make the best use of the ground allotted them. A meeting of the shareholders of the New Good Hope G. M. Co, Grant, was an- nounced to be held at the Albion hotel last night, for the purpose of taking steps to wind up the company. There was not, however, a sufficient number present to form a quorum. An offer was received to lend the company money to carry on the mine, and the directors were requested to call an extraordinary meeting to consider the ad- visability of accepting the offer. Notwithstanding the extension of the time granted for the purpose of allowing the agri- cultural societies to qualify their committees for voting at the election of members of the Council of Education, we observe that the Ballarat, Hamilton, Hampden and Heytes- bury, and North Eastern societies are re- ported to have been totally disfranchised. The nominations received for the Eastern Part are Messrs Allan McLean, M.L.A., T. K. Dow, and A. Paterson, of Cranbourne. The election takes place on Monday, the 29th inst. Some excitement was occasioned in the County Court yesterday afternoon during the hearing of the case Cranny v. White, both of whom are residents of the Heart, and in which the plaintiff sought to recover £15 damages for the wrongful seizure and am- pounding of certain cattle, and also trespass of stock. The plaintiff who is a tall and powerful looking man, was giving evidence as to the dates of the alleged trespasses when this memory suddenly failed him and he al- most immediately fell forward in the box in a semi-unconscious state. He was at once assisted out of the box and taken into the library, where he soon recovered sufficiently to enable him to leave the court in company with his wife, who was naturally consider- ably alarmed at the sudden indisposition of her husband. The case was adjourned till the next sitting of the court. A branch of the Royal Order of Antedi- luvian Buffaloes in connection with the Grand Lodge in Melbourne, was opened at the Criterion hotel on Monday evening last, the Grand Secretary, Bro. J. A. Davis, offi- ciating, opening the lodge, initiating mem- bers, and installing the officers. Twelve members were initiated, and the following brethren installed:- Grand Primo, Bro. Jno. Wishart ; City Marshall, Bro. J. C. Gamble ; secretary, Bro. J. W. Kersting, treasurer Bro. J, Clues. After the ceremonies were con- cluded refreshments were partaken of by the brethren, all of whom expressed them- selves as highly pleased with the proceedings of the evening. Owing to other engage- ments, a considerable number of gentlemen whose names were down on the list as candi- dates were prevented from attending, but the Grand Secretary is expected to be in Sale again shortly, when any matter requiring his attention will receive consideration. In the meantime, we presume that the names of intending candidates will be received by the local secretary, or any of the members in the usual manner. The meetings are, for the present at least, to be held on Friday even- ings, but as this arrangement will probably clash with the engagements of a good many members, it is likely that it will in time be reconsidered and altered. It will be observed by our mining report from the Parnell, that the mine retains the same encouraging aspect as reported last week. The great difficulty of obtaining men seems to have been obviated by tlie. cllaps of the Good Hope Co., so that now with a good supply of men, and everything in readi- ness for crushing, the stampers will be soon put into motion. A meeting of the trustees, seatholders, and heads of families attending the Cuning- hame-street Wesleyan Church was held in the building on Monday evening last, to consider what steps should be taken in reference to the erection of a school in con- nection with the church. The reports brought forward as to the amount of money already in hand and promised towards the proposed structure are extremely satisfac- tory, and the decision come to by the meet- ing was to the effect that every exertion should be made to have the school com- menced at an early date. It is probable that the building will be completed and opened by the beginning of next year. A most enthisniasi?ideieeting fthe Wed neaday half- holiday nssooilaion was held at the G.U.0.0.h'. halllast evening.' It ;bv' decided to' e'lect'thle hMayoir .a prcsideut, 3lig'rs Traeo an;d Cherrymis',ie-lreside? t, and MtIJ.j'Plrison as hmo: secretary-and treasurer, mills a working.commiitteel com :posed of iMesars: J. J. Diekebnson, S: Miills, R.I: C??irol, T. Trood, jun., Smyth, A. Davis, Iaynor, and W. Lyon. A communi cation raS'recdivedl from the Sale Comaiercial Asmociation through a deputation, consisting of MeBssr Drkeford, 'Hagger, and \W. R. Cherry. to the effect that if the business people in Sale are onaninouss on thie sub?ject, the association woulil be favourable to the movement It :was decided that the town shotuld ie ca~assed during thie week for tIhe signatures of those who approve of the movce meot and are inclined to supiIlrt it. The case of Boswell v. Mattingly, for the recovery of £10 on a dishonored promissory note, came to a somewhat abrupt termina- tiof at the County Court yesterday, as at the outset it broke down on a technical point. As the case was expected to develop some features of a somewhat peculiar nature, the note having been given as compensation for a wrong done to plaintiffs daughter by defendant. The court was moire than usually well filled with an eager and ex- pectant crowd, whose curiosity was thus unsatisfied. The Latrobe Hotel, Raymond-street, has been privately disposed of by Messrs English Little, and Co., to Mr P. O'Reilly, the pur- chase money was £525. Mr O'Reilly is well and favourably known in the Gippsland dis- trict, and was for many years in the mounted police force. An art-union ill aid of the funds of the meclhani?a' institute, Ilringolong, is as nounccd to take place oi thIe Ist August. The Ist prize consists of a haggy and pair of horses, and four other prizes appear in the advertisement, which will be found in an othler uolum. "Once a Month" for June has lieen for. wardled to us hy the pullishicr, Messrs W. Inglis and Co., Melbourne. We are glad to see that the periolial is keeping welt up to the stlsmlard of excellence Vliici it has Salready gained, anml tlhat the circulation is Salso very larte. A portrait of the leon. A. I Douglas, Premnier if Tr.smaoia, is given, as asie mi sketch of his life, aiml the other coil tents of the magazine are varied and inte resting. •We again remind our readers of tihe enter tainment to be given at the Temperance hall I this evening, in aid of the funds of the hall. it The programme is an excellent one, and well c worthy of patronage. A public meeting was held in the court- C house at Traralgon on Monday evening, 'to' P consider the advisability of urging the tl Minister of Education to enlarge the state ti school. It was stated that, although the a] township had trebled in size since the erec tion of the present Iuilding, there had been o no additions made to it, and the board of f advice had not had a meeting for about eight I months. Itwasstatedthatonedaythe attend. -s ance was npw'ards of 200, and the school was onlybuilttocontaiS0O. Thefollowingtisotions It were carried :--"That a petition be pre. ni pared and signlc pointing out to the Minister 01 of Educatien the requirements of Traralgnih, tl and the very inadlquate accommodation u l proposed to be given for school purposes, C and soliciting that a school be erected to 91 hold at least 2o50 children." ". That thepre- as sent board of advice be called upon by this PI meeting to esigen.' - i ti For some time past the Freemasons resid- c1 ing in Traralgon and the vicinity, of whoe It there'are' a largoe number,. havnratad andr onshideration the advisabilityof establishing t abranch i of the craft in that township, and we are informesl thai nearly al-sthe pre- d: liminaries.o noe completed, and assoon eu cl the new 'Masonic Hall, 'nxt the Star Hotel tv is flinished, which will be very shortly, tlhe In lodge will be opened. The new' lole ge will probably wo.rk f'Iider ,the.Seotch Constitti- at tion, and we understand that the furniture tl 'and appointments are to be upon a complet~s 0 andi clab-rate;scale; judging fronmthe libe- t ality with whlcl the promoters Iasve acted I in ornleringtlth necesary appurtenances of the craft .- . Tenders-are invited Iby Mr Jolmn Robb, the well-known railway contractor, of 123 Collins-street, Melbourne, for the supply of 5000 red gum 'and 5000 iron burk slecpers, to be dcli'Fered in trucka at any railway station. Tenders .close next Wednesday, and particulars wiltl' be found in our adver tising columns.: m :· .;' ' I i i Fifty-three applications are to be dealt m siith at a local'land boardn to be llicl at h Palmeraton, is the Court-house, next Wed- p nesday. "The list appears in anotler coiumd . Nomisations.were made.:on'Monday for r the V.R.C. Steeplechase Meeting., There are thirty horsesin the Mlaidein IIdnllePctie, including Mr.i i 'Grade's SeaBreeze, 4 yrs. Twenty-four have nominated for the Maiden ti Steeplechase, and. in this.we find the namies of the Hon. Wm. Pearson's b" minLady Asli- al ton, by Paiicu Lania;, yrs,' and Mr Geo. U Rust's Devilshoof, which .can be seeii' oa- tl sioiially doing exercise on th'e Greenattle In the G6ran;i National Hurdle Race there are the Iion. Wnim"Pearson's ;Gasalier, and r Mr J. M'Grade's Tantaliser and Sea Breeze, o and twenty five 'others; including Bozsa, Game, Star, Tattler; and `Echo. 'Ii- the n Grioed National Steeplechase there are the r Hon'Wm. Pearson's' b m Iady Ashton, Mr 6 WI E.: Power's Blackthorn, Mir G. Rist's :Roin, anid Mr J: li'Grade's Moonliglht, ,nd d thirty two others, including Buzza, Trickett, Sailor, Denmark, Lizette, and:Echo. These are twenty-five in the Selling Hurdle. Iace, aid sixty-five in the Flat Race of one mile, I including the IIon. WVm. Person's Plausible, I Albicore, and Gasburner, and Forlorn Hope, (1 Silver King, and The Ghost.' MrGeo. Rust, in addition to nominating Devilshoof 'an.s 1 Robin for the events of the V.R.C. Winter n Meeting, has entered .the former for the t Huidlelaxce, and the latter for the Steeple- 1 chase at the V.A.T.C. meeting on Saturday week; ,At the liame meeting Sir Power hbs Blackthorn in the Victoria Gold Cup and Open Steeplechase, and his br m -Noveletti, by Z.nga-Prince William Mare, 5 yrs, in the?liicsnmond Handicap Mirs Wm:. Pear son lms two nominations for the Ladis Ii Trophy,. namely, Plausible and. Albicore. Plausible,-Albicore, and (asburner are no- t minated forthelicnhmond Handic?p. Devils- t hoof and 'Tantaliser itn: nominated for the d Hinrdle Race at Elstcrnwick .on. 4th July. 1 Blackthorn,a Devilshoof, Robin,' 'and Moon light are in the Steeplechase. .-A feeble old man named George Pearl.wa 'brought up'at the Sale Police Court on Men- 1 day is'a vagrant. Con.stable Knox stated that 1 'tlis bld fellos had neither money nor frienIds, and?he uva ot able to do siny work. Mr Ifowitt, PM.,; who occupied the hbench, con. mitted Pearl to gaol for three months, during I sshich time ali effort will be made to get him into the Beievoleut Asylu.n. A Celetial, named Ah Chip, was also charged as a rm' rant:.The.cidlence of the constables was that 'Ah Chip had not done any work 'for the past 'fourn months, oad hahat he d beenin the habit of begging and' would not work. MrliHowitt ordered six month's imprisonment in the Sale gaol. The followiug particulars have been filed in the insolvent estate of Andrew Robertson: -Liabilities, £1719 Ss d ; assets, £2,402 Os;h surplus, £745 Os 4d. -i A. local land board will be ieldi in thle sedurthdeso at Stratford to-day, when twenty applications will be dealt with To-morroa, the board sits at lMaifra, when however there will be only fosi- cases dealit'ith. ;: An ointended addition to the fleet on the Gippaland Lakes, thl paddle steamer Bnrm bogie, from th .lMurray, put into Portland on Sunday last, and havIing taken in fuel, :was to start fromn thie last mentioned portas soon as tihe wcathler, which has been rather reaigh on the coast, haid modlerated. SiMr F . Mason, M.L.A., yesterday intro duced to the 1.tlwuay Commissiiouera a depu ttioc from the residents of Neerim, asking that the railsay to that place should beo con structed is speedily as possible. MIr Mason, in introdlcing the deputation (says tihe lrlldl), said the line ought to in per imanietly surveyedl without delay. It nmust Ihe sadmitted that the people lhad hIad con side?ralhle patience. People were asking for a railway to Collingwood, swhlich Ie'doubted would ever pay, taking into account the bus and cab comspetitioni. Tile Neerim line swoldl pay from. the outset. If tCle per manent surecy wecre imadle thd shire could spendl their mioney on roads whiclh were Iadtly requiredl. Mr Speight said there were 1,500 miles of railway in the Billl, and it was never contemplated by Parliamnent that they Ishould all bi made at once. Tle lesCossissioners would have to hold the canmdlc evenoly between all part;s, bearing in mindi tlhe districts to bie served, and tilhe traffi to be ldeveloped. As to visiting the district, tihe Conmisisioncrs swoull, ; soon as pocsible, when the question of the survey would bie arranged. Nominations for the Eastern District Stake, to be run on Wednesday next in con nicction withll the North Gippalandl Coursing Club, clouse oin Mondlay vcrening at six o'clock. TheI stake is for 32 dogs at £2 Os each, the n winner to rccive a trophy value £2., pre sented lby licssr Clauscen and Foley, of Melbourne. (eoods are at the Sale railway station for the following consignecs:--Mrs A. Gerrlnd, S lMessrs T. Lloyd, J. D. Alexander, S. Lees, T. Luxford, C. J. (losusman, T. Langston, C S. F. Treloar, A. . . Mi'Kezic, G(. Boswell. Accountsi are at the receipt ands pay orice fr T. Irwins, 1. Miles. G. M'Kerrow, PI. r- Stellwag, J. Cahill and Co., Datta andCo. The iparagrapth which we quoted from a Scontemnporary a shlort time since about a big o score male by Mr F. Rice, turns out, as wras Is expected, not to be strictly correct. Mr is Rice did make 200 runs (so it is inow said) ii a. a matcl against a junior teamn, but not s against a team whieh insclded Oarrett. Tihe Brothlers Gold Muising Compamy, -tansnted Stream, have declared a dividend of ld per share. The collectors for snbscriptions for thile proposed winter steeplechase meeccting have met with great success, and there appears every probability of the races being held. Tihe application made to the Supreme Court in the divorce case of Malpas v. Mal pas was refused, without costs, as regarded the eo-respondcnt Sullivan, and the peti tioner to pay Mrs Malpas her costs of the application.-In reply to a message sent by Mr Service to the Agent-General on hearirng of the defeat of the Gladstone Cabinct, the following has been received :-" It is be lieved that the Enabling Bill will pass this session."-At the criminal sittings of the Supreme Court a short time since, .1, man named Chas. Fitzgibbon was found guilty and sentenced to deathfora criminal assault on a servant girl named Annie Knight, at the Point tNepean qlarantine station. An appeal, however,c was made to the Fulli Court, and a new .trial granted, on the" ground that' evilence is to previsos famili arity between the parties had been im properly rejected. The prisoner was again trjed on "Monday for the offence whoen the ebi?deneoi ferred ti ias' admittedsland the jury brought in a verdict of "not guilty." \- The five men arrested in connection with ho a 8imbpson's roa;l, bank robbery, wrere brougt up at tihe City Police GCdsirtjester day, .andLremanded for seven days. The charg ; lagainst M'ilhonh .it; is said, will be withdrawn, as his only con nection with the roblbery was that he received £20 •for the use of his cart, and his evidence in the case is valuable for the proseeution. ' The prisoner. Alcock is said to have given important information to the dletectives.; Half of tile stolen'`ioney hii bin ieccverecl. 