Sketcher. Our Carnival Racecourse. BY GROSVENOR BUNSTER. (Concluded.) Well, os I Jmva said (he hill, as It now stands, ia the beat site on tlw Rrmind. Stand ing upon its elope, tho eya eatohea every foot of tha oonrao. And aa I observe thia, I dis cover that a now training ground, ono mila round, baa been recently made within tho oirolo o£ tha ooursc. Jonathan, the worthy Bangor, tolla mo that it is tha soundest training ground on the whole tlire/i handled and t wenty aorfls,and thai; it Jo builtonninflinoheaof iron stone rook and nino moro of lpam, sand, nod tan, in the moat approved fashion, Yonder, aa ho pointa out-away to tho left, are tho sandtraol^oneandfthalfmiloa.thoonomiiotfin, and the ono mile oindera. I am told 571th a cortain pride, that tho rolling and harrowing, and auoh likQ work in connection with these tracks,- involve an annual labour covering a dlatancQ of 7000 milcB, 1 n summer the tracks are regularly waterod every day, Wo descend from tha Hill and enter ilio pasaago which leads to tho grand-stand and tho lawn. Hero, shortly, will ba built a covered way, tlnougli which tho salt, of society will pass, unseen and nncritioieed hy th'o baser day. Not that tbia iu tha oepeeial objaot of tho improvement, wbioli indcad ia projected for tho purpose of Btill further increasing tiro loaourooa and area of tho Hill,, Jonathan, big in tho iirido of hia office, pro duces hia kovs with that air of responsibility which might attach to an old tima butler, aa ho loads ilia way to cm inspection of tho glories of tho cellar. And now v/o pereeivo tho full development of a achemo, which haa been made m the interests of that other class of tho jjulilio, tho members of whioh, so to eay, travel with first-class tickets iu fcha trains of amusement iti taoo times. Thia is tha swell's region, and proper recognition of ita superior requirements ia evident on all sides, Place aux flamw / Let na enter, timidly and nervously, yet with thijt eacjer curiosity with which innooeni bachelorhood regards every thing nonneetod with tho ladies and their sur roundings, Thia ia oho of the retiring rooms. Nay, by tho nmsat but I must laugh, fflio moat prominent furnitnro in thia gorgeous apartment eonsiata of mirrors I Mirrors largo, mirrors small; mirrors which reflect tha faee and buat only, and largo cheval glasses, whioh gives forth to tho inquisitive fair the reflex of tho wholo of tho glories of her form and cos tume, Hero, no question, thn dainty maids and matronawho bloom on tho lawn during CJup week, and whose gay and brilliant atliro rival Mr. Moore's mantling blossoma of mony oolo sod huea-licro, I say, within these rooms (for there arc two, eaoh 1-10 feet long) might bo scon and heard mnoh by tho philosopher (woro ha invisible) which would improvo hia knowledge of( tho feminino nature. What pleasure, gratified vanity, innocent triumph, mortified pride, delight, and dissatisfaction, have these mirrors in turn reflected, and shall again reflect I How many a woman's heart has beaten high, or lowered ita pulses, aa theso honest tell 'tale 0, set on all sides, have given baok a truthful answer to wistful or eager feminine inquiry I I wonder whatherMr.Mooreohuoklea aa ho looks around at this room, For myself, I own I burst out laughing, But not alone mirrors for tha ladies, Everything tha charmers need i3 proyidqd. Hora and thero are hung " housewives," filled with needles, silks, cotton, pina, and tho thousand and oue contrivances with whioh women "fix" themselves, If nn awkward cavalier tread upon a lady'a train and rip ita " gathers." all she has to do ia to repair to ono of thoso dainty apartments, where alio will find appliances for remedying the evil, and recovering her complacency by noting the faoiivl effect of bad temper in a looking glass. And if., haply, tho auu may havo buret, with his amorous glances, her fair ehsoks or delicate nono, here ahall she find cold oraam, or violet powder, or toilette vinegar, or aomo small dolioito preparation to relieve laeraweetvi-iago: wiiiio alia may agsua«o her annoyance and relievo hor feelings by the npplioatlou of ill9 emailing salts providad by excellent Mr= Moore. By George 1 I think that, all things considered; that gentleman elionld bo tho best laudej man in Victoria, among tho Indies at any rr.to, during Carnival week. - Flowers are, of course, distributed iu every part of theso apartments, for their greater adornment. Out flowers aro also provided ; so that a lady needing noma delieato blossom to still further cnhanca hes charms, may find it to her hand, Of>sosof flowers for this pur pose aro brought from bucIi districts as pro fluno them earlier than hereabouts, liven Sydney contributes its contingent of blossoms -among \vhich_tho WarrataU ia ever promi nent, All this is galiunt work; but it id no less policy, Wliilo it givea pleasure to tho fair, it no Ions brings grist to the mill, A aunning gonlleman ia Mr, Jtyron Moore, It Eoema a coarse matter, but really I think I am na much interested in' tho next apart ment into which I am introduced. We have looked upon the purely ruathctia and postie features of a race meeting j lot ua now inspeot the more natural attractions, Here, my friend ja whfirti King Appetite ia ansuagod. Observe that thia 13 the luneheon room, and consider what a spectacle it must present during race week. It ia silent ami empty enough now though ono might fancy ghosts of departed ravellers flit about uncoil, yet hungry; but in tho course of a oouplo of months its lofty spRGfl fihall Giiho to tho poj)3 of ch&uiiuaiifl; corlcd, tho crunch of to&th;, tho bustle, aiid IftUfihtor, ftptl, tiutli to eny, vulgar hubbub ftnt\ oonfuaion o£ buoIi ftssunibliosi KIowcfh n^aiu ^ill bo aeon in profusion. Why not? | Does not one enjoy such matters tha batter, , , for dainty and refining surroundings. If it I bo pleasant to tlio eye to gaze npon a boned turkey or a wised pie, ia not it tha mora ao to let it r5.1t ftvvhilo npon the sweetness and fresnneas of bloom and blossom ? Who does not appreciate tha effoot of tha dainty fuvui ture1 of a dinner tablo? Who then shall not applaud tho conjunction of auuh influences aa are afforded by tho presonco of sweet flowers. Nay, tho taste ia classic, and has tho authority of tho best traditions. Tho Governor's apartments aro all that they should bo. Pleasant ta be a Govornor I should say-at raoatiuiw anyway. At other times, when pestered by dull " statesmen " and vulgar pretension, tho post may roaliso the axiom that "All that glitters is not gold." It must indeed bo hard work somotimea, plav mg Governor, and sooth to eay mint involvo an extra employment of that suave hypocrisy with whioh social illusions aio sup. ported. But here, away from tho disabilities of Ins-office, l>o and hia lady wife and bravo yonngatera and gallant anite, must have ft high old timo of it. I peep into tho pantry whenoo tha good things aro served. Yea-, .there aro times when I would be a Govornor 1' or truly wo treat our Govornora' better in tho matter of feeding than foil to the lot of the honopt rulor of Uarataria, who got nothing (o eat you will remember, but argument and promises, . - » * "" This is tho Prosa room, Theso stairs lead to the compliment whenco the recording angela tako note and notioo of tho racea; «very oonvonionee is provided for theso .worthy people. #In that division at tha end are plaood tho tolographio oparatora. What a jump all this, from tho tima when the llrat oourao iu Anatralia was founded by tho fine foot1011 °f H'a Ma,'O0ty's 101at "Siuient of The saddling paddook, or where tho gentle men of the ring do congregate to do thoir business or do somebody olso'a, ia, aa all tho world knows, undfer iho Hill, io the west of tuo efcand. Sera too a variety of improve ments have been made, tending to tho J faoiKtalicta of tbe great Carnival ol the yea*. Yonder tho judge's stand, wherein tho arbiter of every contest places himself. By my faith I I often think that many a criminal haa heard, with loaa emotion, the fmtof a judge of law, than have thousands who have marked that oi >, judge o! a race. Tho now stftnd overlaps tho old one, and is built up an an aroa of land soooped ont of the hill. Tho crush and' crowding, which of into years marred tho pleasure of so many, ! ia now avoided. Tho rush >viW bo for tho now j stand, titid tho vaoo to tho fiwiftost. The lfuMoo, whose robes are a higher consideration thau a horsa race, may therefore raovo more leisurely with their eaoorta, and take their places in the old atand. Tho foresight whioh led tho committee to ndopt this plan goes to allow ayain their aenat'oiluy to the olaima of public convenience, But let ua get on, aorosa tlw lawn, and on paat tlto ivied walla and ranger's cottage. I observe that er.rpcnters and painters are hard at work, and learn that thoy ore the emplojta of tho club. All wotlv, whether of craft, or farm, or garden, ia dono by men ongaged on tho estate. Tho work-rooms of carpenters, blacksmiths, paintera, point to tho ciroum stauee that there is enough to keep business brisk thu year round. Tho farm work in cx> toneiva, consisting in harrowing, oarting, mowing, and ouoh like operations. H3y is grown for tho workinghareos, of whioh there arc eleven-such animals aa are rarely aeon, cave hi a brower's lorry, or a horeo show. Fat and lusty, thoy seem to have a good time of it, with a splendid stablo in whioh to pass their houra of euffo and munch their fiwcct hay. By tho way in whioh Jonathan poses himself as wo regard-Bomo o£ these bravo creatures, X gather that ho takes rare pride and satisfac tion in thorn, On pleasant lines, truly, in oast the lot of honest Jonathan. Ho has been asB00iftted with tho course for more than twenty years, and may bo said to bo part and parcel of the institotion. Hero is hia cottage standing on a gon tie slope, andembossomed infloweraand shrubberies. I'rom tho vorandah I vvatflh tho coaching of the youngsters on tha traoktf. There are eotno twenty of thorn, oaoh, doubt less, aa much a subjcot of anx'iaty and hopo and fear to his trainer, as bipeds, on their en trance into lifo concern their mothers and fathers, Indeed, thero is not a litilo whioh is alike, and runs parallel to- the oourec of a child's lifo and that of a colt or filly, Eaoh trains for the prizes of life, in boiho form or another, and a similar picturo ia presented in cither oaso oi tho. rarity of auccoaa and tho aouBtauoy of faiku'c,_ A fow corno to tho front, and a few roniain thero-lilco old Com motion-stoutly contending against all now comers. But what becomes of tho ruok, whether human or cquiuo ? Do they not pass into tho oblivion of fergatfu\ness ? Aro they not morged into tho common lot, and labor out their lives in humble shadow ? JI often think that a Cup winner ia like th"o bollo of a London season, or a society beauty, who rarely ehinoa in tho firmament of fash ionable oaprioo or whim,..mora thau onoo, And yat BOO liow eagor tho women- aro to shine oven for this brief space 1 Perhaps tho motive may bo tho speculation, and tha value of notoriety may bo turned to aa happy ftooouni in tho ease ot tho woman aa in the oaso of tho horse. But what is all this ? I noto that Jona than is eyeing mo furtively, na I stand 111 hia vorandah thus refloating; and I doubt not that ho thinks tho excellent whiskey to whioh wo havo boon treated in. hia house has proved too much for my weak brains, But I tell him I wan thinking that had I tho choice I would rather live in his cottago than in Government Tloutie, in whioh, indeed, is sober truth. At which hia face relaxes, and though ho answers nothing, ho looks tho honest gratification my poor compliment has in spired. Jonathan's! garden ia a very glory of blos soms, Particularly am I atcraotoaj by the native heathB, whieh aro cultivated here. It ia a popular delusion among amateur ganlenors, that tho hoath will not boar translation to artificial troatracufc. " That" eaya our oieorone, " ia simply because they know nothing about tho mattor"--au explanation I fanoy, of tha majority of popular delusions. Attached to tho e&ttago; ia a email gvean. I house, where pot plants are placed in plenty. Snmetimoo, you seo, in this eccentric) olimato, tho (ilcsyk of tho weather plays sad pranks to wards tho end of October. Tho wind anal rain eoinhina to mai' the completeness of the floral decorations o£ lawn and. &v;<muo. In that case, the remedy is at hand, Tho pot plants aro buried in thoearlb, andtheeya ia satisfied. There is surely something of enthusiasm in these fond precautions on tho part of Mr. Moore, to complete tho glory of the placc, at Carnival timq. & Oi tho ferneries, tbe Ivied walls, tho " har dening houEo," in wiiioh plants are prepared for planting out; of tho hedgna of gwania nnd masaea of pittosporum, of tho planta tions light and left, and tho wholo further details of this most peasant ppectaolo, I speak no moro, Xi3t ma hopo that thoro will bo fow of my readers who will not -judgo for tlicmnclvea in the first weok of ^tovembor, and thr,tof thothonsands upon thousands who then crowd tho Hill and Lawn and Stand and Flat, thero will bo au fow insensible to tho oirourri' stance that in converting tho publio portion of Flemington raeecoureo into a speoiea of a great garden, much lias been done'to forward tho intercata of tho popular nport and elevate its character by its asaotsiationB. Wo may be sura oi thin, that tha losa lioraeracing i& mado purely ft buainoaa for tho gambler, and tha mora its bravo iiifluouoea aro assooiated with baauty and refinement and honest wholoaomo enjoyment, tho moro certainly will its popu larity expand and grow. Yonder, on tho now track avo a dozen bartutica taking their gallops. As our trap asosmls tho gentle slope of tho new members' road I watch thorn, and marvel not at the strong hold tho Bport thoy confer upon 'us should havo upon society. 'Nor do I wonder either that pcoplo who delight in ouoh aporta should havo bsen, and ohould still bo distinguished abovo all others, for their sturdy independenoo and robust manliness of character. 