Sailah's You wotildn'tbelieve me if I told you what an excitemnert it raised whrli Abner got Aunt Powell's letter saying how the doctor l?ad onlered her away from the Neow England climate, and that she Was coniung to Pennsyjlvania, 'and wanted hijn to look ulpa quie littlecountiyhouse for her near up to Gloster. Nothing ex travag;iit, she said; just a little honio wher e ale could end her days ivithin call of her biother's children, and feel that slte wasn't alone in the, worl. She iwouldn't want to iay over 20,(0Odol. she said. Law me i the buhoing there was in'the family3 when we r ll learned the news! And it a;s ne rly a whole day before we .kiew anythingiabout it ! Jennie Powell adways wais mercenary and selfish. I saw tlat, anil said so too, long before Abner married her, aind she persuaded her .hus Sand to keep that letter a secret, so as to have Aunt Poweil's affair in their own hlands. e Just as though Aunt Powell irasn't as dear to the other children as she could be to a wom:in who never so much a- heard of her until she married into our family., But Jennie was just as gossipy, aud.talkative as she was mercenary, and cmore too, and she couldn't go to bed with sueldfnews as that and live through the nigher, and-she knew it. So, before sun. set, out it all came, in 'solemn confidence, to half a dozen acquaintances and three or four relations. And then how we raced from h6use to house, acnd how our tongues run and run, and how we tried to find out everything andltell nothing i Aild the family con sultations held in every Powell house that night after the children were put to bed I And the showers of letters that fell into the Gloster post-office that night after all thetown was asleep, addressed to Miss Lucinda Powell, Skenadoquonooksis, Maine ! Lem said he was. too sleepy to write for ieee, but I made his do it, and posted hli off with it . And what should he do but go over to Abner Powell's and tell Ahler le was going to the post-office, and ask himn if lie lhad any letters he could carry down and post for him ! Abner sat there at the table, up to his eyes in ink and paper. He stared at Lem, and then began to stainmer, and finally, looked at Jennie. " No," snapped Jennie, "we haven't any letters you can post for us. What did you want to know forl" And Lem laIughed, and said lhe oily wanted to be neighbourly, and twent on.. And if tlmt aggravating macn didn't sit down on the office steps and stay there in the dark until past midnight waiting for the others to come i And they came right Salong, Abner Powell first one, and Jasier Blake Hamor Powell and 'Siah Bradley' and WarderMartin. And every time one of them men cante along acnd began fumbling and feeling in the dark for.tlhe box, Lem would call hlim by name and say, "Good evening. You will find the letter-box in the lower right-hand panel of the door." Abner Powell jumped so when lhe called to hit .that lhe knocked off his hlat and broke .his spectacles against the door. Abner's a little near-sighted; ancd none of 'em thanked Lenm for cnmkinge them look so ridiculous :.but when I told him Ididn't think it was just the thing to aggravate the rest of them and get-thecm down on us, ]e said ie iwas only a brother-in-haiv to this family anyhow, and ]toe wcas willing to take his thirds out in fun, And next moneing if old Bert Cramer, the post matster, didn't ask Hamer, right before all the loungers of the atore, if the Powell family had got special rates on letters to Skenadoquonooksis! As though it was any of Iris business how many letters people wrote to their father's only sister! To tell the truth, we hadn't none of us corresponded muchl sith Aunt Powell, only for somte five or six years back.- She and father, you see, were only children, and were left'orphatis at an early age. Father came to Penmsylvania. when lhe was quite a young man, married here, and settled down in Gloster. He didn't accu mculate much of anything but .a famlily, and he never felt able to go back to see the sister he left teaching school down-in Maine. After mother. died le wrote to Aunt Powell, offering her a Itomee with him. It was very generous in father, for \- le was not a rich man-far frome it. But Aunt Powell wrote a very sympatlhic .letter and kind of incidentally asked how many children he had; and when ihe told her six, her next letterwas justas kind as it could be, and she thanked hies for find ing time, in the midst of his nmuerous household and business cares, to remember her, andthiink.oflhersokindlyinconiection with his ocwn dear ones, but she was very comfortable, she said ; she needed nothing; she prefered 'school- teaching to house - * keeping, acnd was too busy to take the trine for such a long joureey. So we never saw her; but I dont think anybody was very muchl disappiointed at the ticme, ex cept father. But by-and-by came stories of a very romantic chapter in Aunt Powell's his tory. WVetdidn't hear anything about it until long after father died. She was engaged to a young sea-cap tain, and that was before our motlher died. One day hle came to bid-Aunt Powell good-by. He was going to India- acd Australia before le returnedl, and lwhen he came back they were to be married. As he walked away down the little garden path thalmt led from the ccttage door le turned,, acid loosing' thle blue kerchlief from about his neck, tossed it back toward her, when she stood tryhing in vain to fight back her tears, audl- cedled, "Dry your blue eyes rithl this while I'm gonEe, sweetheart." : But a.breath of aind caught the drift' ing bit of silk away front hler outstretched hands ad tossqd .it into tile clieehbing branches pf a rose-tree that archleed above the window. ".Oh, cny love-tokien!" cried A-Anut Powell. "The winde takes awaiy my lover, and tlhei snatclesa his keepsake away.from mel !"'. "Never mlind," he called back, in his cheery wvay-" never mind, hleart of ininoe; let it flutter aloft.there till I come back.', And Aunt Powell thlrew hien aeiss, and then the tears ih her bluO eyes shut. out her lover like a mist, and the mist never cleared away. For sinnlmer aud whinter cume and warit, and the blue kerchief in thile rose:tree p;led in the sun and fadled in the rain. " The winds rent and tattered" it, the roses cane acd hid it, aidthle win ter days slhowed it a raggedl siifal of faded blue fluttering like a titg of distress from somee storm-beaten ship ;.:bliut the hand that set the signal wee gleaiin"fi white d6wn in the red corl. The angry wvinds 'that lad driven her lover's ship upon tie pit iless rock came in the June .da"i-id kisedthe fided kercihiefisoftly` and careissed itb tenderly',? thogh in sorrow forwhlat they had doneo ndind December. they snatched and tore titit angrily; as though' they would destroy every trace f the sailorfroni off the face of the eart'. . " "' -" SBut Aunt Powell never touchliedit. " Let it wave thee till he 'c imes back," she said:" lieo may see it . et, someb day, and know thatI am waitin for hii.". \- And so it fluttered aid faded, nd little by little the winds tore it away, -nd the blue inr her eyes'faded with the silken token, and their light lgrow dim as the hope in her heart went out. All that her sailor had in the world lie had left to his sweetheart. eHe wdas an only child anid wheiri his heart-broken old father followed him,e infew years, he too left hisfortune,, which was an aniple one, to the girl heloviingly caled his daughter, in his will;' Aiid so ou rderA iintPowoll was very. rich. But lshe never n.irried. Lovers knelt'at her, feet, for Ale was still .beautiful, buidthere was only dii imnige in herheart. Arid so she grew old and.rich. and lonely. But when, little by little, this story came to us, our hearts warmed to our' father's only sister. We wrote to her often and imostaffectionately. We learned her birthday, and always reiembered her with loving iessages anid 'such little presents as we could afford. Iencouraged' the children to write to her, and Lenm went and told Abner about it, and if Jennie didn't keep every one of her four "children away from Sunday-school, the very next Sunday afternoon, to make them write to Aunt Powell! I told Mrs. Roberts'I thought she ought to he dis ciplined for it,.if she was my own brother's iife. The idea that any woman could imperil the souls of her own-children for her own mercenary schemes! For my own part, I loved Aunt Powell honestly and disinterested. 'Jennie, I know, was .mercenary from the very start, and so .was Hamer's wife, but theJpwasn't neitler of them Powells. Whlen J.aspar Blake built his neir house on .Waynie Strct M-aria wrote to Aunt Powell that tlieyh ul built the largest rooism.in the house with a big bay-window especially for her; it would always be called " Aunt PI'odll's room," and wetlher she ever came to stay in it or not, no one else would ever occlupy ft. And for a very good reaso'n too : hey weren't able to furnish it; and they. didn't even paint it, for that matter, .for nearly two years after they" lived in that house, and they used it for a general lhuber room. A nide time Aunt- Powell, or any body else, except the rats, w, iuld have had living in that "nice lar-e.nrui mi" Well, at last Aunt oArell c.une, with seven trunks and a French maid.- .Abner drove over to thl statiion to fring her home. He and Jermie hiadit all fixed up to take her right to their house, and shut all the rest of us out on the plea that Aunt Powell was fatigued and nelded rest. But Jennie, as usual, confided her little plan to three or four confidentialr friends outside the family. Shie seemed more surprised tlhan delighted to'see s113 s swe came dropping in about lifteen or twenty minutes before stage tiice, arid When Abner came, leading Aunt Poenll into a parlor just full to the indows -with his brothers and sisters and their children, his face was a study for a photographer. He didn't even have the pleasure of being master of ceremonies in his own house either, for before he could .recover from his amazement we had- captured Avnt Powell,-introduced ourselves, amnd made the most of our first opportunity . If everAunt Ponwell had been beautiful, it was a long.time before wosawher. Her eyes were bright as diamonds, but one of them was alittle " set," and she could pin you with that eye like a gimlet. She was tall and aigular ; dressed like a lady, but very quietly, and wore no jewelry, savoe an elegant pearl pin at her tlroat. Her maid was tihe uliest and crossestcreature in all this world, I do believe, and as none of-us understood a word of French, the bits of conversation those two used to have when we were with them were fairly maddening, especially if Aunt Powell happened to transfix rouJ with her" set" eye, wlile she looked ast her maid with tihe other. In about a month Aunt Powell felt strong enough to look at the places Abner had selected for her. But none of them stlited, and at lasksshe grew weary of law yers and agents, and began to talk mourn fully about going back to her homein Maine. " Where -r know I will die of home sickness," she said, "because I lave, for the first time in my life, learned how sweet it is to live among those of yg~r ownv blood." . ' Aunt Powell," I spoke up, quick as a flash, "why should you wear yourself out looking for a hoinewhen you alwhys seem so contented in the littlo.blue room at our. house ? It isn't wihat you've been aecus-' tomied to, I know, but if you like it, or will endure it, I can't tell you how glad we will all be to call it yours, and all the rest of your days you can-" . With that Aunt Powell stopped my words with -kisses, and began to cry. When she could command her voice she blessed me, and said my home should be hers "for the little time," 'she faltered, ' that I want a home." . Arid that very afternoon Aunt Powell and the seven trunks and the French maid were moved to our house, and I was hated most cordially and politely by all tile sisters and brothers in 'tie Powell faniily. . Olice settled, I am free to say Aunt' Powiell was anything but a pleasant com panion;' She- had hler breakfast at all lhoiis of theI 'morning, sometimeshin.the dininigroom,- sometimes in her ows room, and sometimes in my' sittingroonm. She was gencrally irritable and imperious,' and acted si though tdie house belonged to liher. -At 'other times -she hadl a wonderfully sweet, winning way wiith her that charmed you in "spite of -yourself. The clildien never liked her, -hoiever, -and as she de tested tobacco, Len's one little weakness, his after-supper cigar was reformed in shoort oder. "Mark the perfect man,'i said Lent; but I caught lhin once or twice . pullfig -away at a great black pipe out in the wood-shed, so: I -wasn't much afraid that his refoimation was going to strike in -onhhim. And -Aunt ,owell "couldn't abide'a great blinding glare of light,"' so our cheery little homeo was shlutup until it was as dismal as a spareroom~ . She slept tie greater part of the nioming, and we hliad to sit up and entertain her late every night,'so tlat: we wiho had to rise withi the hark .nearly died of sleepiness; It- was very " earinhg,. but we bore ~ t " We canwork. a great deal harder than this for 50,000 dol," Lem-.used .to grojn ash h -fell. into bed at night, n4m the Uin' measured enivy of mly brother's d cister~ kept ume bravely up. , ,i After we had endured .thi fdr two full Syears, ifAunt Powell didn't up and go to bner's ! I was so inadl broke dcown and `.Don't be so heart-brokeii ablutit; my dear child," said Aunt Powell, teiderly. And then she put her arms about me, and told me how?sorry. sIe was:to go away. fromtthe little blue:rooml that had become so dear to her; butsonme talkllad reached her cars, she said, that conivinced her the other children were jealous of her staying so long with nme, and she could not bear to. be the cause of any contention. She ras going to stay with Abner fora -little irlile -to.pacify Jeonnie (Jennie, I knew myself, was really outrageous, and talk-. ing dreadfully). "But it's- oily for a. little while,'. Aunt Powell said. "Keep tie little blue room for me." - . And away went Aunt Powell, French maid, and tile seven.trunks-" the Pleia des," Lem called theni. .And vexed as I was'about it all, the childien were so de lighted, Lent look&d; so comfortable irith his cigar-for he fell from grace the minute' the restraining cause was gone and the house was so bright and cheery, that-I felt half reconciled to it. " Let's go to bed before supper," said Lem.: .'"I aven't had a square ration of sleep in two years." Aunt Powell led Jennie a dance, and I was glad of it. Jennie, whatever other faults she had, and I do not screen her, even though she is Amy own brother's wife, is a model housekeeper. " Everything ggoes by clock-work in that house. .The very eat goes to bed at nine o'clock, and knows better tlsas to get up before the alarnn clock rings at half past five in the morn ing. Jennie wouldn't put off her regular sweeping days not for a funeral in the house. But Aunt Powell, as soon as slte found what were the sweeping days, settled upon -those very days for taking her morning nap in the parlor. Abner Powell wag as afraid of a horse as a eat is of water, and Aunt Powell made hlim drive her out twice a week. I wonder the man didn't turri gray. , I don'tbelieve a singl wash-day passed while site was living with: Abner that she didn't insist on having some of us to dinner, although that was nearly as hard on the rest of us as it was on Jennie. SI think she lived at Abner's foretwo years, and then site went to Warder Mar tin's, Sarah's husband. Theyrefurnished the parlor for her, and gave up their own room to that hatefultFrench maid. Aunt Powell ruled tlhem wilt a rod of iron for ten months, and then actually quarrelled with Sarah Martin, the' sweetest, best tempered woman in the world ! It was tlhe'first quarrel, I believe, Sarah ever had in her life. None of us ever thought she knew how to quarrel, but Aunt Powell managed to goad her into it somehow, and then went off in a huff to HamserPowell's, leaving poor Sarah heart-broken,' and Ward Martin so mad that lie tumbled the seven trunks out into the middle of the streetinbroad daylight, and let them stand there, a spectacle for the gossipingest street in Gloster, until Hamer Powell heard of it, and came with a dray.to get them. iamndr went to Ward while the moan was loading on the trunks, and began to talk to hint, a little - severely, I guess, about the way he had acted; but Ward roared out that if he said a word to hint he'd stand hint and the whole. Powell family oi their heads alongside the trunks, to the great delight of the whole street, and the unbounded wrath of Aunt Powell, who heard of it. That very night she sent for a lawyer, and before she went to bed we knew that a new will had been imade, and Sarah and. Ward were left out of it. OfcourscAunt Powell felt so strongly_ in the matter we couldn't well g6 against her. Site refused to see Sarah or her husband, or go where they were,; and so we had to leave them out of all the fiunly gatherings, antd cut tlheni dead on the street if we suet thetm when Aunt Powell was with us. They acted very unreasonable about'it, and i_ nored the rest of us everywhler: all ex cept Lom. Lein visited there just as usual, and told Ward le intended. to divide his portion of the Powell fortune 'ithl him. Well, our aunt lived witlh Hamer Powell a year. Hamerwas a teller in the Gloster bank, and it was through himn we learned that Aunt Powell had a big tin box, locked and settled, deposited in the vault of the bank. She got along pretty well that year, for Hamer and Alice were yomung people, very lively, and had lots of young company, and didn't mind Aunt Powell's ways very much. They had no settled ways of their own to le rooted odt of, and no children for Aunt Powell to train, atnd on. the wnhole they seemed to haveaineasy timiewiti her. FromHfamer's she went to Ellen Bradley's, .quarrelled with Ellen' straight -along every day for montls, and then livil quietly enough for the rest of the year; and then wentto Mari'a Blake's, revolutiobnised everything about the house, scolded the children, quarrelled with Maria, and bullied Jaspar, mid just as I was beginning to hope she was conling back to its, sihe melted into her very sweetest temper, lived like an angel for 'a few months, and died one morwing with her head pillowed in Maria's arms. Well, the day after the funeral we all gathered at Abner Powell's to hear the will read. I know my heart was full of real sorrow, but if there was one throb of geliuine :grief in another heart in that room, their faces didn't show it., Jennie Powell's countenance was tihe very im personation of greedy eagerness, and I thdtight 'Siall Bradley wa going to snatchl the will out of thle laryer's hands. Loei srat with his-face buried ii his lhandker clief, aand I wasreally delighted wnitl the ,way he was l?having.unti til I saw -hiUt wink at. Wardl Martin-for -Wlld amid Sarail were botll"h witli us now-over thie top of is liandherdiief. For my part, I thin~ k such tn occasiost is that is fully a olenini as tile funeral. - Ward and Sarai, as we all know, got one dollar apiece. The seven trunks, with all tlheir contents, were left to thel Frenelinmaid. The rest of the will devised -all her 1roperty in Maiine. AbnerPowell got some pineu lands, her close carriag?? and black horses, aid Jeidoi got a 'pearl necklae and 10,000 dol.: in.bank stock. Hsmter gotA.180 acres of pinie lands on the St. Croix River, and 4000 dol. in mnining stock,-and Alicd was leftrtwto houses in B-ngor and 500 dol. She gave to miyself and Lem-40,000 dol, 15,000 dol. ih money ad trile a-st in Boston and Maine railroad stock.: Ellen:Bradley ad 'Stah got'thele ianmor house anid rounds atSkenadoquoe nooksis, withl all the coitents and appur le';umces theiaeunto appertaining, save a fetv triinkcts atid some.bits of furniture espegcially bequeathed to old servainhts. MIaia'Bla'ke gotl,000OOdoh, and J'aspir got the yaelit and four town lots ai Bangor -' It did:?seem too good to be -rue.- Icried as: I thoughlt of thie ilear, loving soul Who h-d planned -ll this happiness for us, andl wislhed cI could hiave knos?pi`her and loved Ief ut ? earlier eam of her lotely life 'The rest of them tred to cry,.but it w?as easy to see that it was s a false, .trained offort, and iono of them succeeded very well except Sarah. -'Poor Sarah: we were all so sorry for her. They all secnied to think I should do something for hoir, bit I didn't see how'I codld spare 10.,000 dol. from w.hat we got, whein we hldeisuch a family on our hands. Our first duty was to our childreni, of -ourse. Hanier said lie couldst't say what he'could do until lie found what his pine lands and nisning stock were worth. ' Ellen and 'Siah had no rbeady money, and they couldn't tell' yet whether they would sell the manor-house or live in it; and Jaspar said lie could let them have one of his town lots in'Bangor for a reasonable price and oni long time, if they wailted to go their" and build on it. And so Ward,got up by-and-by, and took Sarah lhome with him. and Lem stepped to the front window and' fired a ivink at them as they went down the steps .that brought a grateful smile through Sarah's tears and a grimace to Ward Mar tin's rough face. All the same, I made up miy mind that Lem VWasson wasn't going to rob my children so long as they had a mother to love and care for them. And, after all, it was Ward Martin's own fault : we all agreed thatif he hadn't acted the *ay he did about the trunks, Aunt Powell could have boon reconciled. . SThen,,,after Ward and Sarah wont away, the French maid came in. She protested and stormed and vowed she would contest the will, and threatened all sorts of dread ful things, and at last she became lhysteri-" cal, and. screamed until thls neighbors began to run out into the street. Finally tite boys had us pack all Aunt Powell's. trunks, and then they gave the imaid fifty dollars to take them away and be satisfied, and so they sent the hatefpl thing away, and we saw her no more. In due time Abner Powell and Lawyer Bonney started away for Maine to take posession of things. I wanted Lem to go too. but he said it wasn't the thing forre cruits.to be too fresh, and lie would-stay home and sit up with Ward. The rest of us whiled away the long days of Abner's absence by planning and quarrelling in the most excited manner, now and then tormented by the sight of Sarah's disap pointed face, although she seldom met witlh us now. Before Abuer went qway he resigned his place as superinteindentin the paper-mills, and Ward, who needed it so. much, was alpointed in his place. " So that, after ali," said Sanhi, " we have got sonmething out of Aunt Powell's wilL" Seven long, long, weary days, eight days, nine days, and no Abner. We be gan to speak ,darkly in sepanrte groups, and watch Jennie closely, for we suspected that Abner had cmben:led all thie property and ran away to Europe, where Jennie and the children would join hims. But on the tenth dayc, when most of the faunily was assembled in Aliner's house, tie stage, drove uip from the station and Abner stag gered into the lHouse. Haggardl, pale as a ghost, his beard un shaven, his eyes sunk in his head.uand glariug like a manisac's, his lair tansgled, his clothing rsumnpled and awry, and his whole appearance rough I nd unkempt, the man looked so gray and ghastly we were afraid. "What is it?" Iscreamcd, siezed with a horrible fear. "Alner Powell, what have you done with miy forty tloussind dollars 1" "Where is my bank stock ?" shrieked Maria. "Where is my wife's dollar ?" roared Ward Martin. "Man!" shouted Hamier Powell, siezing him by thld collar, "don't tell use you havre been gambling on the cars, for I'll strike you dead if youdlo!" "Where is our .aunt's legacy ?" roared 'Siah Bradley, collering tlhe haggard man - on the other side. ' The wretched creature gasped twice or thrice, and then said, in a lhoase, stnusge voice, " There ain't nIose." "Then what have you 'donei with it, you wretch?" we all screaumed, gatleriisg close around him. The very life seesmed to die out of his face, and only the glaring eyes turned to wanl us as lie groauied, "therenevCerwas alny. "'Liar !" cveryb;dy shouted. . Oil, you awful liar ! Yourobber !. You tluif ! Oil, you miserable sc?uinldrel I You dreadful thief !" Asld Hamser Powell started Alice's boy off on tihe run to bring a lpoliceman and the butgesser and the bank watchliln to arrest the brn.en- fa;ced elubesrler. But just before the policeman iuiiulJ the arrest, Lawyer Blunir y, who had stopld at theldbiukonhlis waytoget iunt Powell's tin box, came in. and told us every thing, for Abner was nowr incapable of colereint specll. Aunit Powell's "manor house" at Ske nadloquonooksis was a little four- rooin cot tage, swallowed up clear out of sight, Law yer Bonney said, by two mortgages and a tax-title, and that was all. She never had a dollar in the world-beyond her savings from her salary as a school-teacher, and these were all spoilt since she came to Glostdr. The pine lands on the St. Croix, the railroad and mining stock and Bangor town lots described in tlse will, were pleasant fictions of Aunt Powells brain. There was one hope left. The sealed and bras-locked tin box. While we sat, stunned and dumb, looking at each other, the box was opened. 1t contained ill our letters of years past, written to her when we tlhought sheo was very wealthy. Only these and nothling more. There wasalhollow groan run all round thl room.- "For mercy's sake," said Alice, "do pull down tie blinds some body r.'- - And then tlhdboys and Lawyer Bonisey counted up all the qxpenses of the funeral and Abner's tripandthie lawiyer's expenses ansd fees, and we lad to thlrow -in ard make up the alriount. All but Sarah's husband, Ihe only grinned ihlen Hmueor told him what is share ivould be. "Not a cent," hlie protested, shaking lis resolute head. - "Aunt Powell didfi't leave me anything in her wrilL" "It seems to me, "said Lens, by-and by breaking an awful silence with 'tie wvelco~ne sound of tdie hman voice, di' tlat our aunt Powvell kind of played it on us." , S" That ain't tie Worst bf it, groaned Abner, rolling hisi hollowr eyes up towards us--"Tha~ t ain't thie worst of it." . We maught our breadt and saited. c"Tell us tle worst, man," said Hamer. . She ain't our aunt Powell, and never iwas,. said Abner, speaking like a dying man. "Father's sister Lucy ruarried a shisi- builder and nioved dosn- to Batlh fif teen years ago, and slie's living there sow. This woman, was lier houifekeeper when sid lived in--". If lie finislhed tle sentenee nobodyheard hip.: .Wherin fditr omne. faint and. one goes in toysteri a th e seansd tone,i no edy.in that room pays ipuch attentoiu to C5~~) ersatro Well Len iras tenrder as a mother to me that night. .Only once, after he haid put mec to bed 'id got me quieted down; andnras i smoothing down ~ nuJ ,heidache, lie sid., " Well, I'mi only a PoWellby brevet, and I never, can take full rank, but-" But I gicess I lookcd too miiscerable to be teamscd, for he smiled, stooped to kiss me, and suddenly chancging his tone. Aild after all," lie said, " Ward and Sarih are the only ones who got anything out of Aunt Powell's will. The guer rillas are iii luck." 