THE EAST. GORDON'S LAST LETTERS. Ihe London Daily Telegraph correspondent sends a long log of tho journey of the steamers to Khartoum extracted From the narrative of those on board. After describing how the steamers brought letters down from Gordon, the correspondent says: — In at least one of those letters, and among others that to Sir Charles Wilson. Gordon wrn t,n the end was coining. Two men whom ho had spared — Faragh Pasha, a Soudanese, and Ahmed Gelab Bey, a native of Assouan, tho chief men in Khartoum commanding tho Egyptian troops —wore negotiating with the Mahdi for the sur render of the city and garrison, and he was powerless to prevent it. The coining of the relief expedition had been too longdelayed. He prayed God his countrymen might be in time to .-ave him. ^ Ho .almost knew at, the .same lime (hey could lioi, for the city was to be delivered up to tho.Mandi on the 19th day of January. He had been warned, and could personally ' escape, but would not desert 'his peoyle,' pre ferring to wait the issua, which was in God's hands. There was little likelihood, he thought, of his ever seeing his friends again in this world, as he would never be taken prisoner. His letters and papers also spoke of the course pursued by the Government, and what should be done with the Soudan. It will bo seen that not only did Gordon anticipate his fate, but at last saw that ' hope deferred' had worn out the devotion ot his moat faithful followers, and left him helpless to avert the approaching disaster. With our ^loudly-proclaimed policy of 'rescue and retire,' the marvel is that everybody south of Wady Haifa had not long ago thrown in their lot with the Mahdi. A FATAL DELAY. Gordon's letters came into Sir Charles Wil son's hands en the afternoon of January 21st. It was not till January 21th that Sir Charles. ' talcing with him the two best of the four steamers— namely, the Bordein and Tellhoweiya —started for Khartoum. Had they sailed on the 21st they would have arrived, going no faster than they did, at_ Khartoum on the morning of January 25th. What that might have meant for Gordon and the garrison who can now say Possibly their unexpected appearance would have saved Gordon's life at any rate, and thoso saddest of sad words. ' Too late,' might not have been written of the whole expedition, and the bitter expenditure of blood and treasure. Gordon's last words to his sister. Acknowledging a resolution of condolence from the Windsor Conservative Association, Miss Gordon quotes the following letter received a few days ago : ' I, for my part, feel caged on this earth ; the Bible has such very comforting promises, and they all fit in so beautifully that one longs to realise gthe future. The master key of tho Scriptures is our union with Christ by the Holy Ghost, God in us, that is the life by faith. Any one whom God gives to be much in union with Him cannot even suffer a pang at death, for what is death to a believer ? It is a closer ap proach to Him who even on earth Ho is evor with.' THE LAST WORDS OF ALL. In a letter, written when the toils were at last closing round, which was received in England on the 10th of this month, General Gordon wrote wrote thus : 'I am quite happy, and like Law rence, have tried to do my duty.' A few days later death came, and the rest is silence. Only those who have studied his diary ao edited by Mr. Birkbeck Hill can know how detached was the life he led, and how nearly, Protestant as he wa-?, he 'reduced to practice the teaching of the ' Imitation.' GENERAL GORDON AND TnE JESUIT. Writing some time ago in the Dia, Senor Castelar expressed himself as follows concern ing the ' most important but unique personality of Gordon : ' ' Gordon, the Chinese, the Egyptian, the Nubian, the Abyssinian, the merchant, the warrior, the visionary, the clair voyant, the strange being admired and marvelled at for his great abilities and his extraordinary exploits, is the greatest type of originality among the Saxon races. Casting my eyes back over the heroes of Spain, 1 find men with whom I would rather compare him than with any hero of our modern times. I do not compare him to our first diacoverers of the New World, in whom the character of the warrior predominates over any other character ; I would rath or compare him to the first Jesuit missionaries, and among them to the first explorers of India and China. The missionary and tho explorer are with great felicity united in the Pasha and tho Britcn as they_ were_ united in the Jesuit — an incompre hensible mixture of asceticism and worldliness, vehement anoi clever, with prophetic prevision and mathematical calculation, an informal com bination of individual sacrifice and mercantile, egotism. . _. . Pure morals, firm faith, and a practical mind — thoso are the qualities recog nized in the history of the Asiatic apostles ; and such are the prominent characteristics of General Gordon.' Till-] KIIEDIVE ON GENERAL GORDON. The Khedive has written to the sister of General Gordon a letter, which, as coming from a foreigner and a Mussulman, wo should like to quote. It is full of feeling and appreciation, very happily expressed, and runs as follows: ' Abdin Palace, Cairo, 2-lth February, 1S85. iviaaam,— Although I do not wish to intrude upon the great sorrow which has befallen you in the death of your distinguished brother, the late General Gordon Pasha,' yet, as Egypt and my selt: have so much reason to deplore his loss, I desire to convey to you my heartfelt sympathy in the terrible bereavement it has been God's will you should suffer. I cannot find words to express to you the respect and admiration with which your brother's simple faith and heroic courage have inspired me. Tho whole world re sounds with the name of tho Englishman whose chivalrous nature afforded it for many years its brightest and most powerful example— an ex ample which, I believe, will influence thousanda of persons for good through all time. To a man of General Gordon's character, the disappoint ment of hopes he deemed so near fruition, and t,hn sudden'manner of his death, were of little impor tance. In his own words, he left ' Weariness for perfect peace.' Our mourning for him is very true and real, as is our loss ; but we have a sure hope that a life and faith such as Gordon's are not exting-uishablo by what we call death. I bog to renew to you, Madam, the assurance of my sincere sympathy and respectful condolence. ' Mehemet Tewfik.' 