A True Tale of Modem Life. . CHAPTER XXH.-(Cmtimuä.) t Kyder retired with the «poil, and Mrs. Gaunt leaned her head over her chair, and cried without ; stint. .. After thia, no angry words passed between Mr. and Mrs. Gaunt; but something worse, a settled coolness sprang up. : ' . . As for Griffith, hil cook kept her place, and the priest came no more to the Castle ; so, having out waraly guned the day, he was ready to forget and forgive ; but' Kate, though she would not let her servant speak ill of Griffith, was deeply indignant and disgusted with him. She met his advances with such a stern coldness,, that he turned sulky and. bitter in his turn. Husband and wife saw little of each other, and hardly spoke. Both were unhappy ; but Sate was angriest, and Griffith saddest. In an evil hour he let out his grief to Caroline Ryder. She seized the opportunity and, by a show of affectionate sympathy and seal, made herself al- most necessary to bini, and contrived to establish a very (perilous relation between him and her. Matters went so far as this, that the poor man's eyes used to brighten when he saw her coming. Yet this victory cost her a sore heart and all the patient : self-denial of her sex. To be welcome to Griffith she had to speak to him of her rival, and to speak well of her. She tried talking of herself and her attachment ; he yawned in her face : she tried smooth detraction and innuendo ; he fired np directly and defended her, of whose conduct he had been complaining the very moment before. Then she saw that there was but one way to the man's heart. Sore, and sick, and smiling, she took that way : resolving to bide her time ; to worm her- self in. anyhow, and wait patiently till she could venture to thrust her mistress out. If any of my readers need to be told why this she Machiavel threw her fellow- conspirators over, the reason was simply this : on calm reflection she saw it was not her interest to get Father Leonard insulted. She looked on him as her mistress's lover; and her own best friend. 'Was I mad?' said she to herself. * My business is lo keep him sweet upon her, till they can't live without one another: and then I'll tell him; and take your nlace in this house, inv ladv.' And now it is timé to visit that extraordinary man, who was the cause of all this mischief ; whom Gaunt called a villian, and Mrs: Gaunt a saint; and, as usual, he was neither one nor the ether. Father Leonard was a pious, and noble-minded man, who had undertaken to defy nature with reli- gion's aid ; and, after years ef successful warfare, now sustained one of the defeats to which such warriors have been liable in every age. If his heart was pure, it was tender; and nature never intended him to live all his days alone. After years of prudent coldness to the other sex, he fell in with a oreature that put him off bis guard at first, she seemed so angelic. ' At Wisdom's gate Suspicion slept :' and, by degrees, which have been already indicated in this nanative, she whom the Church had committed to hiB spiritual care, became his idol Could he hare foreseen this, it would never have happened ; he would have steeled him telf, or left the country that contained this sweet temptation. But love stole on hi», masked with religious zeal, and robed in a garment of light that seemed celestial. When the mask fell, it was too late : the power to resist the soft and thrilling enchantment was gone. The solitary man was too deep in love. Yet he clung still to that self-deception, without which he never could have been entrapped into an earthly passion ; he never breathed a word of love to her. It would have alarmed her ; it would have alarmed himself. Every syllable that passed between these two might have been published with- out scandal; But 'the heart does not speak by ' words alone : there are looks, and there are tones of voice that belong to Love, and are his signs, his weapons ; and it was in these very tones the priest murmured to his gentle listener about ' the angelic life ' between spirit« still lingering on earth, bat purged from earthly dross ; and'.even about other topics less captivating ' to the religious imagination; He had, persuaded her to found a sehool in this dark parish, and in it he taught the poor with ex- emplary and touching patience. Well, when he spoke to her about this school, it wa* in words of practical good sense, but in tones of lève ; and she, being ouo of those feminine women who catch the tone they are addressed in, »nd instinctively answer in tune, and, moreover, seeing no ill but good in their'subject- of their conversation,- replied sometimes, unguardedly enough, in accents almost ästender. In truth, if Love was really a personage,-^ the heathens feigned^ he must have- often perched on a tree, in that quiet grove,-and chuckled and mocked, when this man and woman sat and murmured together, in the soft and seducing twilight, about the love of God. . ' i . And now things had come to a crisis. Husband and wife went about the house silent and gloomy, the ghosts of their former selves ; and the priest sat solitary, benighted, bereaved of the one human creature he cared for. Day succeeded to day, and still she never came. Every morning he said, 'She will come to-aay," and brightened with the . hope. But the leaden hours crept by and still she esme not. Three sorrowful weeks went by; and he fell into deep dejection. He used to wander out at night, and come and stand where he could see her windows with the moon shining on them : then go slowly home, cold in body, and with his heart aching, lonely, deserted, and perhaps forgotten. Ob, never till now had he known the utter aching sense of being quite alone in this weary world. One day, as he saw, drooping and listless, there came a light foot along the passage, a light tap at the door, and, the next moment, she stood before him, a little paler than usual, but lovelier than ever, for celestial pity softened her noble features. The priest started np with a cry of joy that ought to have warned her ; but it only brought a faint .blush of pleasure to her cheek and the brimming tears to her eyes. 'Dear father and friend,' said Bbe. 'What! have you missed me? Think, then, how I have missed you. Bot 'twas best for us both to let their rile passions cool first;' Leonard could not immediately reply. The emotion of seeing her again so suddenly almost choked Min. -He needed all the self-possession he had been years acquiring not to throw himself at her knees and declare his passion to her. . Mrs. Gaunt saw his agitation, but did not interpret it aright. She came eagerly and sat oh a stool beside him. 'Dear father,' she said, 'do not let their insolence grieve you; They have smarted for it, and shall smelt till they make their submission to yon, and beg and entreat you to cometo us again. Mean- time, since you cannot visit me, I visit yon. Confess me, father, and then direct me with your counsels, Ah ! if you could but give, me the Christian temper to carry them ont firmly but meekly ! 'Tis my un- governed spirit hath wrought all this mischief, mea culpa! mea culpa!' By. this tine Leonard had recovered self possession, and he spent an hour of strange in- toxication, confessing bis idol, sentencing his idol to äht penances, directing and advising his idol, and in the soft murmurs of a lover. She left bim, and the room seemed to darken. Two-days only elapsed, and she came again Visit succeeded to visit : and her affection seemed boundless. ??? ' i The insult he had received wes to be avenged ia onê:place, and healed in another, sad,1 if possible : effaced with tender band. .So she kept all her sweetness for that Bttk cottage, and all her acidify for Blerashaw Castle. ' It was : aa .evil hour- when . GrifAtb attacked hoi samt with violence; The woman was, too-/high spirited, and too sore of-her: own rectitodo* ti endure that: so, instead of ensuing her, it dron .to retaliation ; and to imprudence. ' Thew visit* to consols lather leonard ww quietly watched by Birder, for ono thing: Ba wons than th»t¿ they placed Mrs; Gaunt in o ast position with Iieosird, and one tba* melts tai femáis heart. Bbs WM now thé protectress sad th consoler of a man »be adsnred ead mered. I aw, if any thing on earth bab??biMjo*:i* +'lpm témala boson, this will. ? : She had pot her foot on a roany elopo ole* with innocent-lootang (towera j bat more aad store preeipitoui at erery atep, and perdition at the bottom^. '.'*.?'...' 