" NUMBER 457." 1 'Number 457,' ever since his entrance into the convict gaol, had always stoutly maintained his innocence. His name was Thomas Stephens, bnt this was not of so much importance, either to him-" self or his warders, as the fact that a neat little badge, with ' P. S. 10 on It, was stitched on hiB sleeve. In fact, be had been allotted ten years of penal ser vitude for alleged embezzlement. A man of splendid physiqae, with a light and springy step which even prison discipline conld not snbdne, his bondB galled him terribly. It is not necessary here to disease whether he really was guilty of the offence for which he had been originally convicted. Many per sons doubted the justice of his sentence. It was certainly uncommon for any Lowmoor prisoner to be perpetually in forming the warders, chaplain, doctor, and governor — as ' Number 457 ' did — that he was entirely innocent. The officials treated his assertions with in difference. What did it matter to them ? They very justly felt that they were not a Court of Criminal Appeal. What seemed to exasperate Stephens more than anything else was the idea that snch a mean offence as robbing an employer conld be laid to ids charge. But by far the most remarkable thing abont the man, at all events from the point of view of the inmates of Her Majesty's convict establishment, was the resemblance he bore to the prison doctor. At the time of winch I write, many years ago, Dr. Brand occupied this position. He was a man who does not appear to have been liked by the prisoners, although he was popular with the warders and high officials. He had a clear-cat, florid face, stood abont five feet nine incheB high, and was of an athletic figure In all these respects Stephens was his living image, his al most exact counterpart, except that he was about an inch taller. The likeness between the two men was almost ridiculous. It served as a common sub- of conversation in a place where there were few topics of interest, where life was an unvarying routine, and where nature for quite half the year presented an aspect of gloom and mountainous bleakness not to be surpassed in any part of the kingdom. It was, perhaps, natural that Dr. Brand should not altogether appreciate his resemblance to a convict Surly as his manner was to all the prisoners, to Stephens he was brataL The latter knew the cause, and hated the Dootor for despising him. But he did not hate him more than he hated most of the prison warders ; not half as much as he detested the Governor, who seemed — so he tbonght — to take a delight in tortur ing him. There is no, place in the world where, if a person in anthority wishes to exercise a petty spite, he can do it with greater effect than in a convict gaoL Captain X , the governor at this date, was neither a good man nor a good-natured one. He meddled a great deal with, prison duties which ought to have been left to the warders, and the latter, in consequence, did not like him. He was both a martinet and a man who was culpably indulgent to persona who had gained his favour. The best road to this end was the adoption of a cringing manner, and passive acquiescence in the wisdom and power of the Governor. At a very early period of Stephens' capti vity, soon after his tranference from a London gaol, he had reason to regard Captain X with feelings of strong aversion. There was, in fact, a mntnal repulsion between the two meD, which to a jonftomno efafco nf I'll infra vhftre nnfl is absolutely at the mercy of the other. In the wild, powerful nature of this prisoner, Captain X recognised a spirit which wonld never bow before htm, which he wonld bane to break, as he could not bend it. He had a theory of bis own as to the beet way of taming unruly subjects. His formula was, ' If they're strong, brawny fellows, who onght to be out working on the Adds, pnt them to stitching in the tailot's shop, and vice versi ; there's nothing makes them so mad as that.' No doubt he was perfectly right. After a fortnight of being cooped up in a- stuffy room with fifty or sixty other convicts, all tailoring, Stephens' power ful frame craved for exercise. The Governor saw it, and was delighted. Stephens asked him to be granted out- of-door work. The only reply Captain X gave was : 'Don't dictate to me I kou'll get doable boars in the shop to-morrow for your insolence. Stephens ground his teeth together, but said nothing. A week more of this discipline made him really ilL The doctor physicked km with the vilest drags in the Pharmacopoeia — a practice of Dr. Brand's when he chose to think that a patient was 'shamming.' The next time Stephens had a chance of seeing the Governor, he complained to him that he was ill, and that ttae Doctor refused to send, him to the prison In firmary. - Captain X— — - looked at Stephens, and thought he seemed really weak enough to be put at once on hard out door exercise — the other branch of the taming process. 'The Doctor knows what's best for you,' he said. - ' Ton shan't go to the Infirmary, but yon shall go somewhere else to-morrow.' 'Where's that, sir ?' asked the con- rick ' To the fields.' ' Bnt I am not strong enough,' urged Stephens. ' I am ill ; I feel as if I could hardly drag myself along.' ' You'll drag yourself there, I promise you,' replied the Governor, coolly exas perating. As he strode away, Stephens muttered, load enough for him to hear : ' I am bound to be even with yon for this, some day.' This, of course, was sheer outrage and impudence, and Stephens was severely punished. For one thing, hs was placed in a punishment cell for four-and-twenty hours, which gave him the rest he was sorely in heed o£ . jNexc aay — it was towards tne eno or September — no gangs were sent to tbe fields on the moor, because there was a local fog prevailing. It was merely a thick mist, produced by a cloud settling on the mountain plateau on which the prison is situated. The gaol being at least fifteen hundred feet above sea- level, and snrronnded with ragged chains of hills, the clouds blowiag in from the sea often developed the place in a dismal and clammy embrace. As he lay in his cell the night before, Stephens had formed a desperate reso lution. A man of violent paBsionB, and now grown heedless of consequences, he decided to risk everything in au attempt to escape. If he could at the same time wreak vengeance on the Governor, his oppressor, why, so mnch the merrier j It wonld be impossible to understand what follows in this narrative without some idea of the configuration of the buildings of the prison, and the plan of the interior. All the officers' quarters were placed within the second of the two walls which guard the place. The house occupied by the Governor, a" com modious but not pretentionB-looking edifice, stands close to the gate ; the Doctor's rooms, which he officially enjoys whenever he is in the prison, are a little further on, on the right hand side of the interior quadrangle. This, at least, was the rase bpfnra pwont of,n.tnol nlfo. ations yvere made. The whole space in this quadrangle was gravelled over. The Doctor's apartments were not guarded ; all that anybody had to do was to step up to tbe outer door, enter it — and then knock at the inner door on the left. The Governor was not qoite so easily acces sible. There was a warder always marching up and down before his en trance — one of the so-called Civil Gnards. It any convict, therefore, thought of escaping from inside the gaol, he had two barriers to pass ; the first was the gate way Leading oat from this interior quad rangle, where a porter was, of coarse, stationed. The second was the great main entrance-gate, leading through the massive and towering wall which girdled the prison. At this gate there was always a strong picqnet of the Civil Guard posted — men armed with loaded rifles, who could be trusted to use them too, in case of any attempted outbreak. The space between the inner build ings and outer wall was occupied by some small workmen's sheds, and for the rest was bare. Here the convicts exercised when not allowed out into the fields. They might be seen any day in the week working in gangs, pulling trucks full of stone along to a part of the wall which was bring strengthened, or exercising under the control of a couple of warders. And always that ominons 'outer circle' of men of the Civil Guard overlooked what was going on — men standing watching all around the convicts, at a little distance off, their muskets reBting under their arms or over their shoulders. Well did the goal-birds know the meaning of that ring of armed enstodians, ever attendant on them. To return to Stephens. Nursing his furious and suppressed bate, he plotted through the whole night. By dawn bis plans were matured. At six he was roused by the bell inside his cell ringing viciously.' ' My last day in this hole 1' be muttered to himself. What was his design ? It was well- known that, as a rule, it was sheer mad ness for a convict to dream of breaking out from the interior of the prison. Escapes sometimes did occur, but then that was when the prisoners were in the fields ; or perhaps under cover of a suddenly settling mist, one man might elnde the vigilance of his guard. Snch incidents, even under circumstances like that, were rare. How would escape from the doable-girdle of stone walls, tbe warders in the interior quadrangle, the guard at the outer gate, be possible for Stephens ? He knew he had one thing in his fav our. This was his resemblance to the Doctor. If he could only use the deftly, he might escape his guardians. He de termined to try. He knew that in an hour, when the convicts were being marshalled in the quadrangle, preparatory to going oat or to return to their cells, there occured moments when a man might make a move without being seen by a warder. Surely he wonld have time to slink into the portal pear the Doctor's room, rap, and enter. Then — woe be to the Doctor ! Ah exchange of grab, moBt likely of . a compulsory character, mast take place. As if fortune favoured him, on the day for (he attempt the mist I have described enveloped the mountain prison in its almost impenetrable fold. ' The convicts were relegated to different kinds of work within tbe prison. Some had to put up with the solitude of their cells. In pursuance with the Governor's orders, Stephens was hot one of these. As he coold hot be drafted out on to the fields, he was set amongst the gang in the stone-yard. He had become used to degradation. Yet now be was forced to drag heavy cartload of stones along, yoked with / villians whose countenances betrayed them, tbe shame of his position increased his longing to escape. And he was. weak, too — terribly weak ; the work demanded of him strained every limb, every nerve. At last the half-past bell tinkled, which told the men to cease labonr. Very soon they were marshalled in files, and were marched back into the interior quad rangle. When they arrived there, it was tbe business of tbe warders to stand near and superintend the entry of the convicts into the bnge building, something like a gigantic factory built of stone, where the cells are placed! Stephens contrived, in starting, to be one of the last men in the file. He knew that when he got into qnadrangle, be would be somewhere pretty close to the Doctor's apartments. Dr. Brand's little snrgery was irre proachable on the score of neatness. The Doctor was there now, having done his at the Infirmary, and was preparing to leave the prison, as he usually did at mid day. He was whistling to himself when the door opened. He was surprised that the person, whoever it was had not rapped. Wheeling round, he beheld facing him his second ' self, but in con vict garb — the fellow Stephens, ' Num ber 457 ' — the man against whom he bore a stupid and unreasoning grndge. There most have been something of menace in the man's face. ' What business have you hero ? the Doctor ejaculated, "fiercely. At the same moment he involuntarily gaze aside to see what weapon he had within reach. Stephens saw the movement. If he had sprong forward and grappled with bis enemy he might have overpowered bim, but Dr. Brand wonld be sure to shout, and bring all the ' warders in a swarm into the room. To persuade him by entreaties to consent to exchange dresses was, he felt, utterly hopeless. All this whirled through his mind in a moment. The next, he caught a heavy glasB bottle from the nearest shelf and flnng it at the Doctor's head. The aim was perfect The victim fell with a thud, and did not rise. Stephens stood, wondering and petrified for the moment, and perhaps half remoresful. Then, recollecting the imminent danger he was in, he knelt down to disrobe tbe prostrate man. But there was no need ; for at that moment he caught sight of the inner sanctum, and saw a coat hanging on a peg. It was tbe doctor's long great-coat, which wonld completely cover tbe prison trousers that be was obliged to wear ; and a pair of thick boots, but of the un mistakable prison cut, was qnder a chair. It was hardly a minute's work for the convicts to put these on - his feet, . to button tightly around him the Doctor's great-coat, to place his black sbovel hat On bis own head, to open the door, and walked boldy out into the quadrangle. Apparently his absence had not yet been discovered. No warder was in sight. There were the two gates to be passed before escape could be effected, ant Stephens had something else, to attend to before he thonght of escaping. There was his account with the.Governor to be settled ! In that strange, wild nature, embittered by suffering, and maddened with ill-usage, revenge was even sweeter than liberty. Assnming as nearly as possible the Doctor's walk and manner, Stephens sauntered up to tbe doorway of the Gov ernor's bouse. The sentry saluted him, and gave him great anconragment. He asked $he servant who came to the door if the Governor was at home. No ; he was gone to Dovetion for the day. He was not expedted back tiff late. For an instant Stephens thought of waiting till he returned. Then he felt it would be nothing bnt madness to do so. Yet he hesitated, for the idea of vengeance on his oppressor had taken deep root in his morbid imagination. No. Revenge must be deferred. Per haps some day he would get his oppor tunity, but certainly it was not now. He had better make good his escape. But there was the gate to the ioner square. That must be passed, As lie approached it, he remembered the Doc tor's habit, and began to whistle. ' Now, Mr. Day,' he said, speaking in deep tones, as like the Doctor's tone he knew hoar to assume. The porter emerged from his little dsn, gave him a glance, touched bis hat, and said : You're going out early to-day, Doc tor.' ' Ay, ay,' said Stephens, and the gate swung open. Ooe half of the peril over he thought. As he stepped out to cross the open space np the main doorway, he felt his limbs qniver beneath him. Weak ness and excitement were beginning to tell. He knew that he was in fall view of the windows of the kitchen, tbe back of the Governor's houee,and some of tbe warders' rooms. Every moment he ex pected the cry of ' Stop him P to re- sonnd through tbe prison. ' He gained tbe gate. The sentry was chatting to another member of the Civil Gnard. They did not see his approach for the moment ' Kindly open the gate,' he said, loudly.' The sentry turned, stared, and then quickly began to undo the fastenings, apologising all the time. There was a trap outside the gate. . As the supposed Doctor passed through, the -boy holding the horse's head touched his hat to him. 'This trap for me V he asked, in sin off-hand tone. . The Bby grinned. - He - thought the Doctor was having one of his jokes. ' MuBser Oliver, np at Ramsworthy Corner, he's a-sent for yon, sir,' he said. Stepbeos at once perceived the grand chance which was -put in his way. With out a moment's thonght he leaped on to the seat, took the reins, snd said : ' Expect me back in an honr.' 'An honr I' exclaimed the yonth. 'It will take yon two to do the distance, let alone back again.' Ah — how far is it 1 Fve forgotten,' asked Stephens. ' Twelve true miles, sir,' replied the boy, surprised at hia master's apparent absence of mind. Another two minutes and the doctor's gig was a speck on the Ramsworthy Road ; the doctor seemed to be whipping his steed, altbongh the boy had rarely seen him do so before. But it was none of his business, and with bis hands in his pocketB he sauntered off n. ' Well, what is your report f- ' Doctor's horse and chaise, sir, was found this side of Oliver's Farm ; but ' Number 457,' he wasn't in it.' ' No, I suppose not,' tbe Governor answered gruffly. ' Where do you think he's gone t' ' We can't aay. He may be in' hiding on the wolds. If eo, we're snre to catch him, sooner or later. On the other hand, he may bave got off in the Dove- ton direction, and may intend getting aboard some vessel if he can.' 'I presume all the ports hays been warned V ' Yes, sir, and onr men are a-sconring the whole Leam valley, and intend sweepiDg' rouud by Beacon Hill and down the Dove ; they'll find him if he's on the moor.' The Governor thought for a moment or two. ' It's strange, he said at length, ' that nobody set eyes on bim after he got to the farm.- What did he do at Oliver's, eh ?' Drove np as bold as yon please, and pretended to be tbe Doctor. Went into the house, and asked to see the patient. Bnt bless you, eir, the child as is sick wouldn't look at him, and began to cry ; site conld tell that be wasn't tbe right man sharp enough.' ' Weil, what then ! Didn't anyone else see through the disguise 1' ' Not one, Bir. They told me as how he said — ' Number 457 ' did — that the child was excited, and he made 'em all leave the room, and said he wonld wait a bit. Then they gave him some'at to eat by bimaelf in the parlour ; and by- and-by he walked oat of the house. He must have driven away then. They found he'd taken a loaf and a lot of cheese with him from the table ; anyhow he won't starve for a day or two. He's a plucky chap, if he is a convict, sir,' concluded the warder, iu a tone of irre pressible admiration. ' Weil, he's half murdered the Doctor. If I only catch him !' — and the Governor expressively relapsed into silence. Meanwhile tbe fugitive bad not fled far from the prison. He had not thonght of getting away to the sea-coast — he knew the risk wonld be too great If he conld elude capture for a week, or two, he wonld have a fur chance of being able to slink away when the noise of the escape had somewhat blown over. In the pocket of the Doctor's great coat he had fonnd some few shillings in silver, and — what was of still more value to him — a flask foil of brandy. At a road side inn, after leaving tbe horse and chaise to shift for themselves, he . had entered the bar and aBked to purchase some bread and meat They had no meat, they said, and never sold bread. What did they sell then ! Stephens asked. Nothing to carry away, was the reply, except, on second tnougnts, biscuits. He bought a huge bag-foil of very hard, dry biscuits, and with these and the loaf and cheese he had purloined at the farm, and tbe brandy, he wonld be able to last in concealment till his pursuers were tired of hnuting for him. But where to hide i Stephens had made his plan before ; had made it on the morning when he had been conveyed in a waggon, with a dozen other convicts, from the country ruin ay station up to the gaol, having come by night train from London. He had noticed the character of the country he passed through, the wild, hilly and craggy LeamBhire district, and formed his own conclusions. Now he was abont to pnt Iris theory to the test He struck straight away np the coarse of the Dove till he came, for from human habitation, to the ragged and desolate valley known as Holy Glen. Here,' feariDg that perhaps he might meet a fisherman in the higher reaches of the river, he struck np the tide of the hill, and came at length on the great upland morass whence sprang the Dove, the "Leam, and the Avon streams. In the distance, he canght sight of a man cutting peats. He dived down again towards the conrse of the river. He was getting very tired. As he was swiftly walking through the long grass and tangled shrnbs that lay on the surface of the soil, he nearly precipitated himself down a sheer face of rock. The side of the valley suddenly became very steep, springing aown in rocxy seages wj luh brawling Bream beneath. It was just tbe sort of place Stephens wanted. ' The stream, too broad and deep to wade across at this spot, ran and fell over great slabs, of red Bands tone, which it had worn and hollowed into innumer able carves. The sides of the valley were also composed of this beautiful stone, : bat they were for the most part covered with clinging bushes, and trees that had managed to insert their roots into the interstices of the rock. Ab Stephens clambered along one of the ledges, he came suddenly upon a mountain sheep j the creature bounded from rock to rock, and escaped at the risk of -its life. The convict thonght that if other provisions foiled him, he might contrive to kill a sheep at night-time and roast a portion of it. But now he was searching, steadily and persistently, for the sort of aperture in the hill- tide, which he wanted. High up, at a spot near the top of the cliff-face, he- fonnd two dwarf trees matted .together in a tangle of bonghB, and the trunks growing horizon tally straight out from the face of rock. Behind, when be had by dint of crawling and dragging himself np managed to get there, he fonnd a kind of natural arbour, formed by tbe two eides of a rocky angle, with a projecting roof,: while the front of the den was perfectly concealed by the branches of the trees. Stephens knew that often a cliff of sandstone, which looks quite flat to the eye, yields numerous corners and angles which would serve as a very good shelter both from pursuers and bad weather. It was such a place that he had now discovered, and although he had no more than room to stretch himself at fall length on the floor of slab, crusted with small lichens, he felt that, he could defy capture bb long as provisions lasted. CHAPTER ttt It was three weeks afterwards, and the runaway had not yet been arrested. But the Governor of Lowmoor was re joicing in bis soul because of tidings just received. After a fortnight bad elapsed, and the convict was still at liberty, it had really seemed highly pro bable that be wonld never be taken — that be had managed to get clear away, either into some distent part of England or on to the Continent He might bave contrived to aecrete himself as "a stow away on board some ship at Doveton, and so have escaped. Bnt the watch on the wolds was still kept np, and now it was reported that the fugitive was lying hid somewhere ' among the rocks and -morasses on their immense area The head and legs of a mountain sbeep had been fonnd by an angler in a nook under a stone, on the stream not for from Beacon Hill, rendering it almost certain that the convict maBt be in' bid' ing not far off and reduced to dire straits for food. Meanwhile we have been paying but scant attention to tbe wonnded Dr. Brand. Stephens had not killed- him, bat Ms injury bad necessitated repose and long nursing at home. The prison doctor lived in a house of hiB own in the little town, and attended the scattered inhabitants of the moor, and a few resi dents of tbe place, besides ministering to the convicts. As he was a bachelor, bis bouse was too large for him ; hie wants were attended to by a faithful old fomiiy servant, who every day of the doctor's illness nsed to answer the door to" en quirers as to how the patient was pro gressing. Even now, three weeks after . the attack upon Mm, he was unable to do more than come down from iris bed room to Ms parlonr, though he -.was hoping the next day, under the care of the Ramsworthy surgeon, to be well enough to be oat and about. The Governor had called once or twice to see him. This afternoon, the 20th of October, he had been across from the prison to communicate the joyful tidings that Stephens must be found before leng. 'We shall starve the man out,' Gap- tain X said, rubbing hia hands gleefully together. ' I don't envy Mm when gets back into my power again. Cold weather, too, now ; cold nights. The wretch mast be having a dog's life of it, cooped np in some hole. All the better I Ail the better 1' Aud he returned to hjp comfortable quarters in the gaol, humming a tune for very pleasure. It was a miserable afternoon, wet and misty and cold. Bat the Governor had an internal solace, which did instead of fine weather. ' Little Bob Jakes came to ask how yon was, sir,' said the Doctor's servant, as she was laying the Doctor's tea in the parlour. ' Very kind of Mm. . Did yon tell him I felt nearly well 1' ' Yes, sir, I did. Bat he didn't call for himself He said a man . had sent . him.' ' What man ?' I asked him, and he said he didn't know. A strange looking man, -he said it was, sent Mm to ask, and gave him a sixpence.' 'That's odd, very odd,' said tbe Doc tor, half to himself Then, after a min ute : ' Could you send for Bob Jakes, think yon Y ' It's too late, tir ; he lives right - np at Irongate. But he'll be in at school to-morrow morning again.' The Doctor fidgeted In Ms chair all tea time. Somehow — he could not account for it — a feeling of uneasiness had crept over him. It was undeniably strange, in a desolate upland village, that an unknown man ehonld take the tronble to ask after his, .the Doctor's neaiui. Til just step over and see the Governor, I think,9 he said to his house keeper after the meal And, in spite of her protest, he sallied ont in the damp mist of the October night, driven forth by a feeling which he could not explain even to himself. _ He walked feebly and totteringly. His head still felt a burning, sore sensa tion whenever his feet jarred against a stone. He knew he looked ill, bnt he was not quite prepared for the surprise which Ms appearahce at the prison gate seemed to occasion to the men on guard. 'Well, d'ye think I'm q ghost F he asked, peevishly. 'No, doctor,' one of the men at last said ; ' only it's odd, yon know ' ' What is ?' asked Dr. Brand in rather a snappish tone. 'Why, sir, when 50a went ont ten minutes ago, yon said as how yon was going home for good.' It was the doctor's tarn to stare. ' When — I — went — out — ten — min utes — ago f he slowly ejaculated. ' What on earth do yon mean 1' ' Uy mates here saw yon, sir,' the man replied, rather offended. 'Von was in the prison for half an hoar, I should think, this blessed evening, and yon said yon was going to see the Governor ; aud we noticed how thin and ill yon was a- Iooking, sir— didn't we 1' he ended, ap pealing to the other men on guard. 'Come with me to the Governor's, one of yon 1' shouted the Doctor, with sudden alarm and energy, as he pushed hi3 way in throogh the half-opened gate. ' Either Fm mad, or something frightful must have happened,' and he roshed for- . ward towards the entrance gate to the interior quadrangle. Another minnte and he stood at the Governor's private door. All seemed safe. The armed warder was marching up and down in front, juBt as osuaL The Doctor knocked londly. The ser vant hastily appeared. Can I see the Governor V he gasped. ' See the Governor again ? Why, yes, sir. He's in the study,' pointing to a shut door at the top of a small flight of tain. Up the stairs aB quickly as feeblenesa could allow him, the Doctor sprang, followed by the sentry-warder. There was no snswer to hie rap, and he turned the handle and walked in. The room was in darkneBS. Only a feeble ray came in from the window, where the blind had not been pulled down. ' Don't yon hear something % Listen 1' said the Doctor. Hark !' ' There's nothing nor nobody here, sir,' the man replied, inclined to fancy the Doctor's intellect must be touched. He was thinking how to get him away, when, glancing into the fnrther comer from the fire-place, he eaw something move. ' What's that V he exclaimed. Yes, there tnzs something moving ; a figure in a chair they could just discern, lifting an arm. And then a deep groan. ' lights ! Lights !' shouted the Doc- \- tor, at the head of the stairs. Five minutes later a band of horrified domestics and warders were standing round the study sofa. They had laid the Governor there tenderly and care fully, and the Doctor was trying to pour a little brandy down his throat But nothing availed. This time the Governor had not been ont when Stephens called, and the outlaw and convict had had his revenge. Hasty enquiry, immediately held, showed that the convict had once more deceived the gate-keepers by that fatal resemblance to the prison Doctor. Having, throngh the medium of little Bob Jakes, acquired the knowledge that Dr. Brand might soon be able to go out of doors, he had only slightly forestalled his movements. Appearing at dusk at the prison gate, the very boldness of his stratagem ensured its success. No I warder wonld dream that the hunted fugitive would dare to walk straight into the lion's mouth — that he wonld have the incredible audacity to present him self at the frowning portal of the gaol, and ask admittance ! Nor, in all proba bility, wonld he have done so in big saner days ; bnt suffering and semi-star vation cau as fatally unhinge the mind and let loose the pssaiooB as they un doubtedly weaken the body. Snch a bne and cry as was raised after the murderer bad never been known even on the Lowmoor wolds. Vet the people there are accustomed to eogage periodically in the exciting sport of con vict hunting. The very next morning news was brought in that the lifeless body of him who had been known to his gaolers simply as ' Number 457 ' had | been fonnd, four miles from the prison, drowned in the swollen rapids of the | West Leam, which the convict bad j apparently been attempting to cross. So some people ; thought ; bnt others held that Stephens, after his fearful crime, maddened with long privation, and per- hape also goaded by the horrors of re morse, had sought his own end under the deep waters of the Lowmoor stream. 