"MY LADY CARYL." A TALE OF A HAUNTED HOUSE. . ~ a Lb2'nrhnmr ;' ?Jnml-*pM,+Lp lu zto? +: " O'e a Ihnrl ehtrlew a" a • 'r "IT certainly is very moderate.." "A.loderat's not the word for It, Mrs; Singleton; nor chep,;ndeither .IF's an absurdpre," annswered )fir. Bond, the old city of B----'s chir nuctioneer and house agent, whose client I ws,. * The umderstanding that house. ent her-was reasonable5 ha' weighed with my sioterand myself in our chosce of a temporary home, but'I cunless J harlly anticipated mesting with uch:a ----" ,'falstial residmence," prompted Mr, Bond. 1 m 1, at 1-" - m Preisely, soch a low figure. Indeedl you may well say so, ma'am, and notahoalthfer, dryer attlba. tlion in the whole city. And neigh'bours unexrcep tionable.r General. L ansquenret, Yaterloo veteron, at No. 12, and the Dowager LIdy Poingdextni and~ poodls'- fine protection dogs,· BLra. Sifisgie ton-at No; 14. . Y'ou can't possbly come to smrs."' LIfarml" echoed L I trust not, I'm sure. I never dreamt of it" ," No, ma'am, quit. right, perfectly oorrect foolish thinga dreams, and at your time of life; I Would say, of oourso, that a lady with your find of cmemon enose-" 'Which' i ga id I," impelsme to the inferre thot smo objection must exist against this house to oceasion its exlrmely low piie, You saiy it's in Chaneuryt , : - "lhs been so oever sice I can remember any. thing, Mrs. Singleton." "'That, of course, explains agreat deal, I sid e~ogltai roly+ r 1+ + ''· :?'?T ; .." d co I, ma'am--all." 0 And though it is weli furnishied- . . "?? andsomely," corrected the agent. ',. "WellU, well, it is too old-fashioned to plone all oast.s; It is not everybody who- . .. ::. *"Knows how to appreciate genuilno Chlppendal chairs, and Grinling Gibbon's mantolshelvs". . " Well perhaps. But the drainage, Mr Bond, you sasure me that to is "Perfect. Sweet asnineponce." . "And tho house dry?" " As a rotten.ticlk.'" S"You can, I suppose, give nme a rerferenoe to its last occupante "' tWell, no,"amaid lir. Bond. " They'dlhardly like it I'm afrmid; that is to say,; distance inight mill. ntao-in short, I cannot lay my finger on-on-on them at this moenint. I hnave ome imiroesnin that,they tLkexd of going to Nova Scoeti. by the neoxt up expres .when.they left. hero." . Deehrme. The persons then who ob~o led itpre-c Slbudyrwould' iierha- " All dead,my dear madam." " ,"Dcearder, how inclancholy i They didn't' all d 0inLo.13, Itrud, P " ' "Ah! no,' answered Mr. Bond, withi "a faint. chucklel r "No. They hardly had timei:to0 do thlt. Theroy - well:: you know: how restless some people are. If they found thliemselvslestn Piradi Sovernight they'd.be wranting to pack up next mornm log and beoff to--somewhero dle. lut I wouldn't for tho world wish to bias your decision; there's Btocco.villa still open to you. ' Sa Stucco.villa I Good hnvensl yes, a: grimerack cardboard toy run up yesteadayl A.posiivo dese cration of the glorious old city, whose every stone. .seemed 'to echo with the hglsg-hceled footsteps ,of "rowdered belles and beaux. Stutco--vilht! Oh, lud! ;I protest the bare idea was sffooation " Thanks.," I replied, at small pains to conceal the disgustI felt. '"I prefcrthe crescent house." * 1ir, Bond bowed cheerfully, and in ten minutes more my signature stood to the agreement shieh .made over tome for the term of the next ensuing six Smonths the furnished house kInown as No. 13, Grandlson Crescent; and charmed with the success with which sny qulst for comfortable quartcraehd h'cn crowned, I turned mi fscs towards the Mlitro IHotel, where I hIrad ben striving pending my negotiations, in order to write wrord to my sister, MIrs. lilherwood, to ltart from Ardenford with Cicely and S ien, our ceok and Ihousemaid, and Tucker, thire p:tgo bor, s oon as she pleased. SIn all tngliand there in not a lovelier village othan Ardenford; hrt Jlne had come hiome from In-is two years earlier invnlidcd by the climate, and the sorrow of havingo lost a derlyr-lover husband. I too was a widowe; my husband, who had been Scroctor of Ardenford, rhad bn dd en dr omo years, and now for both my sister and me thie place w?a n shirino of 'ad memories, and for the very reason that we loosd it so dearly, we trhoughit trpirarvy self-banishment from it woult Ie good, and IthaIt ra winter sojourn in a cheecrfl humaInn haunt like I--- would send us back in thie nsoring spring imnproved in health nod spirits to theo old homrr. On my way to thie ' ditte, lhowver, in order to r:ot Imrteriec in comrfort able training, 1 loloked in one tire vrirr trrlr'de.sleolle who had been recommendedl to me, tdesiring themr to call daily at h'o. 13 for order.,. "Wlrt numrlr did you say,'ma'am ? " inrirred thie baker, Ierurino in the mildst of his rmemorrandum. "No. 13. You won't frgcl.t ? " 1 reprlied. "No corlainly, mrlal'ns" nrswcrrredl the lrrrIrr, whit a slight smile. " Oh, no, not likely to;" rntl birdirg Ihilm i jaunty good day, I stepped into tlhebuitelrr's, a door or two below. " You men No. 30, don't you, mea'rrll ?" ahrl thle comely personago in the little pray hox, loolt-. ing up at me fromn nmorig her filed iills: anrd ldgters, as sIe wrote down the order. " No. 30's been to ct." S"I mean No. 13," I replied with suome aosporiYv, as I stalked out of the shop, and entered the mrorlk.t. "No. 13, did you cay, ma'om? " aiked (lI haIrdrt. some young giant who presided over tlie crabbi:ges and rpottoes. "Didt you n?y No. 3 a'" "No. 13, it you'veo no oljectionr, that ii," I corrected tartly, "to recrving that house. It ewolrld almost seom os if ther, were." "Oh dear nor, mna'am. I'd rather serve it by a long shot llthanr --h'm, h'm. Yen, ourgrapoe are line this morning, and so are the year--all ngllsh grOwn," SYou'd rather oervo No. 13'," charllenged I, "than yehat i" " Well--than live in it," he blurted out. wiltb: rising colour. "And why, pray P" '" \rel], tlhero's uOch a many tales about it," he, nniswered. S" lWhat sort of tals i"' insilted I. "',lnted ones." 'O?nting a glance of withering contompt at fite great cowardly Ihumplin, I imande miy way backlr to 3Mr. Bond. lie looked Ip, a little flirriedlh I bancied, on my entrance. " Look here, Mr. houdr," I saidi, " I'viO bCen inlto one, two, no lesi th:in lthrre of the shops in thie pliuce Finreo 1 left yeo. arnd in eaih of hm -in eacof te -l ol f lhiem I haIvo found rmyosl looked upoen witlh lspicion." " n"! dear madam," s:aid the louse agent drpre. icatiiny. "''linat is to say, lthis house you haso lot to mie is they' say it ie--rlauntrr e. Neow wrhat do trhev mean .i" i eo emiled shiftily irnd sliuggeld hii sh u]rildirs. "I-I really," hIe ostannmered; " all foolish non sense, of couirsc." , " You anid neothing arorut it." I' "lMy dear Ilady, I--i hi:dl a delirrcacy aout it. *nc,, I ahsoheln]y Ishlrni," he went on, reco\eerine his cqanlimityl. "I owni I was frafsid," " Afraid P'" " Vcrainiuly. Yes; cxactlhy co. Arheml prosilivelv Sdreaded so much ais making tie faintest allusiosn t' iny sucih--sur h frivolouls reports to a lady of ,osr aoense and discrimiunatior, nd thefill ore 1.-in siren.--" i Well, well," interrupted I, in molliofied toneis; and this famIoIsI ghost ' " . "Upron v my llelonlr.-lan, haI! Euxclle ro meo, yeo Bra, Iha-really, miy dear rrlsrdall, you tnmist tolslsrdon +me for saying thait I--I have never leit mi\'elf os details. If you wish for these:, nio dolrit-Iha, ir- any old wife in thre pilaco will lipplhy you with aI dozen versions. lIec!lly--ln, hn. lint, of course, even now, if you prefscr St rccso villa--" ")o you tlinbk l'm ain idiot?" ' 1 di elnsrletd. " I moroly returned to asik yeou, iso, mn owirW i·.slisf'arShin. whether these irbsurd ro]rlR 0irnthllrneo the irati at ,which thebo Ilouse in Ils ?' Yoa lrnow, I fasit.d omethingg-" lIr. Bond sprrrad out hin halrnds .witlh en nir of infinite relief, inugled wilh a gsnl'erous coeil',ars.itl.. "Weo cannot uipliootsS tile wrled~ rof irsllrarirlrrt iendi of ssulpirtitlion amolgi Iro vsrlerur, my sdear masdanr. You. aa a clergyimn's bauy--" "You snesure mo, thein, flhat tr holae whlich, in the orlilrrsiy rourlro of things, would ie wiorelh iat lenet lthreo times ain nmclli. hgo?1es for n inore i?gsl on ncc.rirunt of its ghlostly rel, nt:rtlion l ' Anothler rlrlisig. "'l'liat is its ;sole objection?" .- lh. hIond mririled. " If it can be casled so.n "If it can ie callhd no, And you would, of roursi, live in it vrurrnolf i?" " Very Obsuord, 'iso i not ?' r Yotu would live in it yourself ? ." Upon my.-- Ieal' it is crsito place s b aam?-npttrtg immpoabatioet beforo a man doomed to four bare alls ad anofllice stool." And Mr. IBond looked round him with an air which somehow aggrarated me into pushing my question home. "i But you would ?" 5" Why not?' he I?aid, with an ingenuous snmile. "Such a platial residence I A real QuCeen Annao mansion Plr?y have you remarked the link ex. tingisahers on either side of the streetldoori' Moot interuesting, arm they not ? Worth all tho rental in themaelves. Yes. Good morning, madam??o Good momilg." CHIIAPTER I. Barons next midday, my sister receirets the agreeablo intelligenc that I hire'· found the very realisation of our mosot rcc dlite dr,-airings. Such wainscoted wails, my dear Jalco! luch a fine old paved entmranc hdl, n trifle dark perhals ,bat that s of little conoqsnuo SuLch a quainitly.-aPinted harpsichord in th rbarck drawing-rovm c Sfchl family portrails, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera ! You'll be charmed beyond mceasure. And as for the accom modation below etairs for thebo servants, they ought to be delighted. Bit witlhthe chaacteritstie ingratitude of their race, they were not, and called our new quartersjust a awful wildernmsa of a plece; and though I strovre to turn a deaf car as long as I could to their covert vearing, after the fleshpots of Ardenford, it wase hot possible to avoid lending attention to the nlti matum at wlrhich cook arrived before we had been tan:: davs inthohouse. Cook, who had liveod with nsa de. caalo of years, the esseeco of clherfulnees,lookied in on me one morning immediately after ,brakfast, anda with a dcloudol gloom and pallor on her comely face, gave warning.. h 'Going to be. married; cook?"" asked, with amulated choerfulnes. : : :.. It's not quite come to tlut 'm. No," replied the stout restal.. " 'ot iut what it's bad enough." , " What's the matter f" " Idon't think thd air of this here place suits me altogether," she replied, twisting her apron strings uneasily, *' and I do feel that had, 'w, that it yaou've;o no objcctions I-I'd like to go to-day." " DIer me. Thi is vcry lsudden; and exceseivcly inconvenient." " Yes, 'm, and so it is: and I'm Tvery aor, and o'course, there's the montlh's wages to be thought of, buit I'll frfelit ivhat's right 'm, and I'mn afraid it will beawfulill.convenienttdyou, and I'll stay if must . be must, till you get sooted but if it's all the sname \--to yon, 'm," she went on with flurried re-Tspect,:"I id think as I might be let go to.day. Idon't fecl fit to do a stroke o' worklere it oever so; I didn't get a winko' °sleep all last night; and Isnys to Susan,-I ary ' Susan, there's somnethling queer in the air of this house,' and sh ays, ' Well, Cicely,' she Never mind about that," Interrupto d.. "I nevc kep serrants against their will, You had bettergo tpo-.day i yon desire. I'don't wish any-none'rre soa idoratand me-any nonsensoe ir into Suirn's -head."t. -. - Alos! had the mischief bmen daone I' Not :threeo more days passod before tisan intimated an ambition ' to "bettor herself." .Concluding that iticreaso o . wages was the Alpha and Omega of that process, I offered it, but she roplied that a hundred Ioundsi a year.would not induce her to stay on withl us. " Then pray tako yourself off, child," said Jan hnffily, "nndI hope you'll find a kinder misltress than my sister." " 'Tant likely as I 'shall do that," said Susaln, beginning to whimper; "and I-I --I'm very sorry. that I am, and i've bear'd a deal first, and kep' it ail to my&elf;, that I'ave; b--hbut it's no sort o' use, id I can't do it-any longer, and if I stay here I shall grow into a born idgiet, I shall; and oh, its awfhl, that it is." And she rolled lher handkerchief into a ball and moppeld desperately at the perslistent tears. "Only the noise alone, as goes on at night, up and down those stairs- ". " its, you foolish girl," interrupted I. " LRta!" she echoedl contemptu-usly; "Rnab doesn't wear silk drelres, I s'pose, und cliteleat shoes, and-and swords." "Swords? What on earth are you talking about "' "Idon't rightly know,'mn, and if I stay hero another night, I bhall-- I hall- " And here the sobs broke out afresh. " I knrow I shall--th?m." " What-for patience sake is " "S-see it." ,. "Is the girl really'gone out of her senses?"' asked Jane, turnaming her soft gray eyes on me from her work. "See whatP What does she mncai, Caroline " " Oh," caid T, vexedly, " there's some alh urd tale' or oilther about this house being haunted, and-now, look hero, Susan , I know how it is--it's no uso your denying it, because I saw you- you'vo beeoon gossip' ping with thie greengrocer's mnir!" "A--rnd if I hove," hhio ~sid, llurshingly, "I' supposoIe'rs not iugl--sirlg'laru? The whrole tov(r knows all about it; and tIe s.tys you'll never gote n wonle, nor 'Oise, nor parlour-nenid, nor nobody oIlt o' this 'olo big towin to Ihido hucro a week, niot-" " Not if they wrl'o all as hilly as yiou, my good girl; no. l'ray go if yon wiish. We ihhirl do better withlout 'ol, a great deal," I said, ithi rather a bsinliiig heiart at the liOsl)ect of hielps andl charwomen that scenced to he rising up. But I flat. tered myself. Not one candidate otff'ercd ; anid when I became reduceed to holding oult faIbulous bIribes to the vetriest lhag in B---- I beigan to grahsp some con ceiption of the vanity of flying in the fiace of polpular sulperstition. "nNo, mrni"," rcpliied the behlante; "cookl nor 'onsemaid neither. Gre:tly obliged to yolu all tlh same. Not if I kInow it." "'There's no cll to i:o irnto pairticlaro," answerct another, whomn I hlsdl inveigled as far as the ihall Ilht, oi1 Ieing clossely prcsed; id sl ao cast a coverl glance at the full snit of mail stndling on a losw Idesl'til in th, angle of ihe bsloldi oal;ken stairaso. "Th' e plac is 'arnited, Ilthat'n erloughi; anl any of thle partio ss has tooke it, and iburleds out agin, long ans baggageo afor, ten days was gune, d tell yr-u thie amllno thing. Theres not, many hans bstoplpeod in it-ca montih near, an't it? BIt muebbo you an' them "'Iihemr ? S'The ghrostces and evil 'perrnits undecrtands one nnotherliko. Good morein', mutem;" iand tlurnlhg the handle of thIe door, whichl she hadl convulsi- ly ro. tlined throuIghout thie interviews, shehbealther retreit. I nnm inclined to thlinkl thIe creature circulatedl her view of our ghostly allinity aorong the world cat irngo in II-; or lporheaps I do iher injustico, and it arose sprontricoulsly. In iny ca;se, it wsas quito ecr tain that, no I loased besitd the invalid chair of my sister uil anid down thie Creecent pavoement, many asn cyo gazed askaince after re, till .Iane noticrd it, rand suid it was i:urious that two reslp:ietablle middle-agedl ladies hiouhi oscc:i ion ui uri, sirrty which verced tlinoslt uosn lthe imlpititlent. Didnl't I think so ? 1 rephcid witIl h sune imcpati:inee tIhat it wais heire fanci . Poor Jane! Sle Sic disue ciiovai'ces for mis\" Ietutlnce in tltoei daveT I klcw, -sassau?- th-o coulll in someri imeasire Inter icrtO niy sisaV?ant trosubls. 'tihe mnutter wOas growing serious, mil,t, o o Iiike thi?ss Worse, poor ''Tucl:ler, our sheelt inc:heor, grwI:W daily ncoro liggailrd-loolilg nd pale. It was msall wonder, swith all the burden of swork in his shtouhlders. 'luhrce scrvanisrhad been a very incaliquato snumber for Ithat great riamnbling housei, but our retainera dlwindlirng to a country npage Ild oi sixteen, swal killing Iwork, It in true we had as vet nieither ree-ived nor paid visits. Althoughi we hsic n one or t weo fri('-ndlnl:ill -- , I had refraliied frolr rnla:ing oUr p'resC:ce in the phlce known, uintil we Ilad rciu itled tho niige; rld as to straingerr, swei kinown alid respeccted no our family wra in tleo ehire, lot a crerature, xcepting Lady Poilngdtls-re, our ni-xt-d.iosr neilhibour und a confirmed in:valid, hald left a rcard at tihe hone?. Our personal reqllire'nentsi beislg fewo, Tuicker had not had huclh a very hard tihno of it; but it a-is not posiblo tlhat, even willl iny ibsistarnce, the place could be ktpt in the goed elcrill orlder it ldescrvedt ; and it iwai a nllserY to nls to wander lthroligh its vast rools and seeo th dull ilmn of dusL and niileet giathering over sill. bionl atstic to b:lslilent everything ill the hollse nsas geod :nld hiliindsomiIe, willh thu liesloavy lonbre lllii ulty ol i ' .entm "y sgo. Thre greatl hnll door latcuse:d by thii lill etinigurisleursi, to whlich ir. 1ond ihad ,' ectstatilsally dlnis-l nlv sttention, oponeri Into a sipacols Ollilir11i lidl Isacrd w5ih bhlckr ill n sdiihs ,bllhu-sh,.cod figs, whclso walls woero hlung with cnttlr-i cirii' h(edsi,l old erlaloin, inld sll ulchl liko troIlllesi. A dolor oin lIhe righi, facing thie foot of thieo irorld eiaklen Ssirhsace, led into the diniig-roori, lhinld which lenthwirse, and oCCeillyiirg the eutire wilthl of thi Iho(Ime, lay Ia ascond rooln. 'Tihrou hl this againi was a small garden rooml, withll sl-nui-circliilr oluter walls, contailnisg a door, wosss.e lained-glass upper lights lolecd ldown a flight of birokel- stone stepL into whanlt scn niow dark1 and drearly wiliernoss of vow anild hlrel burhqes, lio\evcer clh-oerful it mnighllt l iavn berens ln the daliys wheln Sir P'lrtno siauntcrcedl besido hIis fair lcelluhdi tiusid its Inisey walks. 0o'lnl lfeo tiicleureo, lruindrscapo and eiriil o icrl', ehieflyof thIe Dltchl school, hunllg oni tlie wiiinscotid wanlle of theso roollie ; lhoiso, Ihovi-ver, ill thr front rooen woro aUll porisait, beatiug for thie most part rt shtrikinr geneooral rosnMblance, and whetoher wearilig Tudor doublet and farthingsde, or the plumc?d somnbreraos and buff ceats of the Stuarts, there were the same handolno featuer, th . same mingling of pride and of gracious gentlcness in the somrwhalt heavtly-lidded eyes. Itoyond the full bottomed perliwigs of Dutch Witliam's time, theo portnralts did not go, with the xception of two or three near the window, only one of which, howeveor,. specially . rivieed my attention .by= t. height d ebonna ae, and ran , .k!iar glance. A yorng man of Iperhaps from twenty-five to twenty-eglht yam old, wtaringa militar.cet, n d . ii day,"and richly-hilted sword--u a fine gentlman in nip aay." I udl: to thinlias I looked at it; and only after Ir had; done so for someo littloetima , thior seom ed to come, as with the breath of lifo itself, a ihoughtful ness and gravity over the broad brow and into the eyes, which marled him for something, more than a mcre Sir Fopling eFltter, "and a man whom, with oall his anolta--and they were many like enough-one could not choose but have cared for. Ascending the stairuase, covered (and a very supcr. fluous decoration 1 used to consider it, for tle wa? l was handsomely pa-qnetedl) with a rich, but fuled Turkey ciirpet, which was carrkid along thel eraire lenugh of the corridor above, and reatchinga the iend of which corridor, you entered the front and larger drawing-rosom by a door ornamented with fl1t1.d panel?s and gilt meuldings, drvply sntl:ea in the thick, half-wainrsceet, walls. As htI. .:'.lene a chamnber as you woeld well wi-hi to - ,ee wa this; and indeed too the vmnall er driteiig-roim tchind it, both with painted ctili:ng, tL.iL rv':l mrantel-sheblves, and greaefuil, tamniih,:,-gilt, e pi.li. thanked furnitire, covcr:d i riich, fi-1, I ikt: dbmask. Curtains of the c?ion cnItly ~tl:i dap,.i thi thrbr gaunt windows ii li 8 oh~'t out the light, still mor entirely, mtklinz hi, l,]+,, for all its mnagnificence, very ge, ,:mi " dy V. Iut at night, when we should inIullgI in theile littla musical rlunions I drmamed of, for ranlo w is a firi: minsician, and I loved music fd-m my -:sl-at nitql, I say, with fair owaen candle: buorning in ithiso mirrored seences, these rooms would bC all ctieriniti s and stately brilliancy. IHere too were portraite, but only como five or rix, ind all of later Georgian date, takingw up, as it were, the thread from thoso few counterfeit ,'crentl menls in the dining-room It:low, of thlu dead and gone Carylv]e, for that had been the name of the owners of this house. So muiht and no more I knew. Not but that every daya thousa:ld and one dlistorted and disjointednerap? of tradition o?taitrl mv eaan concerning them, but thtis wecre so asb,urd arid contredictory that I gave themU no attention, hiting them, as ono would hate to hear sondal anit grondless rnbhlish told of living friends. Among these portraits in the drating-room, two nearest the .fIreplace, on the wall facing the door, specially fascinated me. The first being that of a woman, young and strikingly bcautiful, ltearing, however, no tmits of the slightly ainazoalarn typle of beiarty which in somoi degree characteriaed the grter number of the other femalo plortlralits. Es ~quisite?ly womanly and soft was the expression of tie bluoe eyes, and dolicately pure thotexlture of the fair skin against tho silver greyish sacqteo fa:llig in gr?ceful folds over the richly brocaded esatin pietti coat; Ier hair, of a pale chestnut colour, was slightly powdered and confined behindil the beautifal little ears by a snood of velvet, and a plain gold ring encircling the marriage linger of tlo small shapely hands, witness·Fed thit rhe Ihd attained lreatdy to wifely di-nitii., had not a certr.in conposuro and gravity of iou ing trmal ic-h thle naturaol vivacity of the whole figure and ctusrlti c,. down the brilliancy of tole Emile On the slightly parted lips, already sulliciently swhiEpered the tale. cautifuI andi happly as that lady looked, it still wals the face of one who finds life's tide unouy aid blessed indeed, but no longer unlleckc?d or dhadow. esas. CIIAI'TER IIf. 0n.oa was tnat lady? The corel'ninon portrait :.o-med to answer my question salisfactouilj eouiigh. was t II half.lengthl figure of n man, unihistake. 1 Ii Caryl; perh:tps as mcsh as ten yeoars her ltlr, wsering an undrc-i a military coat, and long h ;,ltheiombroidered waits itol, whtlich well lecame hiu : II ltately figuro. Iis whiite tin wiug, contrary to the i cet sich things ordinarily rexe cise, of softening the Sat:tllres, only seemed to throws into etronger relief tie marked characteristics of his, adding so:nelhing oi harshnes. to their ccero beilauty, nl lriglhtetning thi keen penetrating trilliancy of the darkl eyes, elceoent of the warm anid p, -sionuate noatlre staping beineathl, though perhaps tr-iloullslv lightlv, and instinctivcely one felt ithat to havs ofcnded tlhat man wouldthai, been a danlllgerous thing. 'This vensation hv no ueane lessenedl, when one crmle to noticre, as I eoon did, that those eves followed lne's evers, move ment about the greait 'lshadowy roome, to their utter most riesres, ind evecn into the ldi-ance of the little Ihltoudair eyonid, whiih was buiit cractly on the lines of the garden room below, aid opuenrtd into a relclisrd wooden ibalcony, as the lower room opeledl uln thie flight of ses. Miany aII time--to the peril of my life, I expect-for the :;hitony w~er in the last 1:,age of iilevi and d cav --1Ii htiie stood leaning aga:inst its rotting upright, and watched with omne htinig very near to awi n bd hivering to Sri If inrited lhosao eye still followed ier. Ay, ay, fir or close, doa'eing my every step, now hinidly, alnost smilingly, noiv ghlrmingswith alowi rlig, susici.i,,,is light. Some timersa it tlusk, when this last asplit tof them senemed to inltensify, an irresistible fa.;cinalt in hasi drawn me withiu their range, :a1d while I tlvi sthiveringl-y •;triven to give themi lolqk fur look, I have sICculatICed whi- ther, hlad that tdiy'i" Irot bl.en mine, I tihould mloit have lovedt or fr-·ed my altaltely lord; for her lhusiland ]h wasi, I felt alre. Was it all fancy ? Well, ia teillter might read mo my riddle, but ass,,re.ile life-like as that picture aliavis wasi, its viviidnie i-row ,tartlling from one uoint of view in the chi-s'o-osrculo of tlh0ois autumn evenllilgs. In ocler to maintain lighut andi air circulating ns freely as possible tio tiistithe dark lu,,ks a; d c-rnirirs of the house, I iseri tokhep all its wi5d1111 and driilt'e thrown opr-n throaugtrhouit thie moenineli and af'IIInIIon, Inaliinig a )airol towaids! hie or six o'cock toi slhut ind faisten thimn. 'ThiosH ciernlllial I ahlia\';vconcldcd wiith tlei dinteig-roonm Ilooer, fore iti-,rriinding to the dining-iroomn whicih we iuilliv ociculllitl. ,nil thenr it sa, lie I locl:ed the illnnlrl dltle\inllg-rioiii deior 1hthtind in--why I wes iuiais so carefulc l It dlo iso cI:n ardly tell; then I say, hstalllin for 1an instant in thu englo fiiriid by tihe two doorsi, anii lookiing lp\ alrdt tat rits t hie th ait facing ire frlolm the w(all, the gIz:e of these t ec-is gI'(,- te(rriily real. And tll vt er fact that theure+, aul theIor ilenll,, theiri steady vigil;tno seemnd it ftil, insti:sld of b intinlg a seiise of ri-lief, only irolipht teifoltd lneaisillnes, ai sutileniy the tineli-i jiltd iravi lidts eelmIld itI tthoop,n 111 the eyes fell in the li'1 citiin of the sPlt on1 which I iiod, 1r1d yet with lani avrit .idi cinisti r gaze, li]:o tint ,if a 1erstn forced to face 0n1thling hie welitd filii not s01e, swhile the entire face, lo.ing its hialthfutl olive toinls, caiqituid a ghatlly it llha ', and iii unimaiiiitiiilt.d into rigid 1inie, which diti-nid it1r- thi 1,1ow11 into a utileni frotwni. And all this, I crlti, was ulno and of lights 1nd ihadiows iaslt Isv the oavs of lho diing Shm iair1100 the tittre's ~ippcr laltf. ,Tatw nu.ed {nmilo wln, n confided my impressions of th,-o twilight I'fects to her. and declare that, let lal ctall m1isIlf s sLtrong-nslilteil its I lieaSIed, no chill wis io 5imaginative a1 1. "Fuiciful Cartline " That is the right term folr it. Andu if I were you, i'd let 'TuIc;her go uIi andh clli tlihe windowll of no ovening "'-a )'.gestion whii , 1to I. taw in the mirrorr Tlciler LaIpene:dL at the ollmenont to ieo lusl itug, hie by nio means lienthusin. ticaly rcecivcd. " No, uo," theught I, nmakin,. , menheal note of his prtlltrbel co:ltllllnance. "l?Th willing: hot' imuti n1ot he trild too far. Tulclcr, if I cas rad fice, had his opinionl; and whileo I gave hI11 ill ilellos Lrldili fUr heeping tIhem to himself. I tlhadid I that evclry loullr mlighlt brinig ilme nolice of hi inten-l tion to tiPit. My\ dread of this increastd whtn, as tIhle lir-t \lkc: ill Octlbser stole ul(,1n s, lnd it lwa.ls no loniger posusile to do without tinrs, for tho wllnlthir 501 diaiallilly wet nlnd chlilly, I gave hiil orders to light one. All I couold do to mitilgato the hlbour this Ittiilied wail, unltil we got 1lp of somlle sort, to ;clp only o0ne IllrllilIg, and thi I tld himin hlllad beltter ho laid in 1h1o Iolldoir on the draswing-roomi floor, for which Jt ne ha1d (ioniil ived n vlit iiffcl-iln--:l fat whtich I colmmcntclled on to Tlarldr ah 1 assiftdcl his Ilerculcan Ililourl alt the dItunll ireuplace, for I know Iy sislter's slightestw sish bll n pltilnt ht lltnrm fur tho lltl. " Shle refeor this room to nry iin thoe hiols yoit ]mnew."" " lt's a orfl cold 1ne, 'ic," he nuaid qull;fyingly, loonting rotnd froit hie hlowing an1 shovelling scork on thile hlearthl, with eyco extended to their lllos3t capnllity, " I flncy no mvoself, Tucker," I naid. "An o0lte-r roo-n, yo"u kIno\w.;' "'Tnl't thatl," li aneswered, withi a stolld shalili of the het.;n,andpointing hio wnudgy fin,:in,,r stlrniht uIl\\\llardl. L" [I C(eI) ov.cr hItero) aLd' tin't nalOthin' lill to1 cold 11)1 thisn riOlll."' " ''hal's clrilllIn,'' sai dT. " Ay," he 111id, pe-nt ll tiisly, "alnd threo's a deal tlmt's euroul on this hero looar.r "T'ucker, ihow absurd you trol Wh'lit do you nioiil I"' I dunno," ho an~?eredl, with a dogged ar., "not rightly what I do mean, and it's no earot o' matter if I did, b coose I mean to hemd on;" and he rigorously re.newed hisl btlUows opnerations " iold on " "Av, come what noy, I mean to do that.'" "Bit, Tucker-don't you-nJocn't ou: like living in this tine, cheerful old city, and - " I an't coo mueh o' thoe?ity," he said. with what .I fancied was a faint ring of irony. "' Tis this her hone I'm spleaking of, an' that ant cheerful noways, and none of it, but this here floor. Oo' Why, , 'm, whether its np'ards you come from the kitchineis, or down'ards by the lclkst atirs, ithe airs fuatic-t ind coldest on this here floor by a long .-hot, :nd no rmis take about it. Air!" Andi Tucker s~huddv?i atudibly. "Tan't rightlv to be c:delcd air at all, nt no Inoar thaln wher corpsi'--. " Oh, stuai! Nonsense!" and I tune?timltath it-y an' an "'t erpIen lie." perevereel Tucker, with a heC:ivy ci.h, :s thugh hIe nhad relieved his bonam of E1oae le.trilous w tuff. ' .And iomnt s.ay-," he added, after a milnutn'b ikeoce, nodding his head douwly up cad down-, " s then do do that." " Ilr '-idnli as slke," lIughed I, " where, pray -" " S.:iicwhere'sc under thle here----" ' \'ha ni ext ?" I interri pted, with an a?ssump tion of minlrth I did nt quite feel. "ht'ut jutd it," e ainscredl drearily. "IWh:ic " I do hlpe," I went on, " thati you rc:on't go nwl a'in? hli. ilvciir woo, l wI ill an of this inir o i non -m-, , h,': -, sh,'- t ikei a liking to tliii room, Lw oitsl : e fi :'s :ot lus.,l ?;, btrnini --e i" \h i,: it ha." iiid Tuckr, blwinig iitl c It ,on:t h neioi fault, if it d,,eri,'i, m giood r:wi, ' t'Ih? t 1. "' fl?'ii Y iie in a ho-nmllnd. I n',. i, ,'i ," I a- Ie nd roll, " that whin the Liren' il, -t l t- the l -ai,--i " l? Huh mi u orld- worueld article is 'tin too,' r:u n t hsis ! Tuther. " It wi iih, ,-iiarm anid c-ier rfulenouhti." (Certtlinl i · i a- a vat iil,ioveellnid The bright flamn, co-bell at la t ineto chic t- e, danced merrily ca the diih gi'ldin- of lthe Ciedr-panelled walls, i tpine in amion- tllie meavy, toded, aZir'O dIamaskc cit.' i shading iti windiilcs, and caneily defiing th,, dull drip, drip of the stre auturmn leave.s sc1i ililnini to the l alconH i dnk and brokuen ttellis. i And whii l I umed to sit, york in iiudl, strivcing to inor. ihe gloeii armund ietiili-; of lhioi great roome iyowl, and !iersu tdinig myolif that that vault-litke " tIIui-plini u trIpically walalri, tJuini, Vonuld lanil?ne l, ci-f with the cntentliof a large Japanese ook ciimet whki - ctood in the ecrner of the roen. S:owthie llf an illa podridi, it coitainnd pecirhenia of the valious ininehes of thi politclilerature of a nt tinrem incEi. "A ladv- of clecti ietastes," naidJane, the liit lime '-te lcok?ed the hook; through. 'I" A 1 ly ! inliC how may you knowi that " I casked. " lieciua-- here'si her Inio on the fly-leaf, and in a very preiltty hand too for a hundred years igo. Celia l;ithuie--her book; A.ii. 1700, ail what is it? iMy e s can't quite make out" Nor coul mi ne. ." Clo.e upon a hundred years, however, cone lda or the ot her," 1iaid, eaimining wilh eurioeity teim grace. iut m .led elhakrcters. "The lady in the acque, mie t liktl ,hnei" "Yes, her maiden name I expect;-for'here"(and cia hIided mo another vol'uie) "is the earso band, viden lly, i "tout it writen, ' elia Ciry;i,' anid here lgainl rd again. A euld mircelhtneous counetion; for iher- tlhe firsl rvolume of the ' Spectator,' anl heri the -iermons of Mhonsileur Losn,,lct, and hero ' Lltren , Xl'Abl.hird et Hlloiie,' in the original. A blue sclicking was the, I wonoder, or a coquette ? baume I lielisllir norb l Gil C,· n h loth perhaps." i: "Al a pure good womanl, in any etie," iid I, "' Iier fsle Il.l tell vau thatl." " lilays of Joi Dryiden,' first erlitoln. Wllhati wouil Liblioplili:.t a?y to that ? W\ith a knot of ribbon in the third i ctof 'o All for Love.' And thii ? 'The eian's ,Itrmtagemi,' by thei late lMr. iGeoirgo Fitrqullicr." " A hldy of t-sucte then, atd all events," laurghed 1. "Anl :i favourite it was, to judge hu the ilog's cars," I added, turning the dicolourecd pages of the bright old eltmidy. "But not iy ladi's book, though, lano. Sne a imasculine flourish aid Ginf)liy toral ons tho title liuile." ":ichard wa the naman of n i the ltll, mnze ol f thsl ihousie they toli us," riussed Juno. Who could Getiifrey hiave ieen, I wonderim"' " Ii brother, Iperhaps. The one in tihe portrait docwn by the tdining-roeu winio, don't you know I' I'm sure he was his brother." " WVhose " "Why Sil Riehard'd," and I jerkerd my needle en the direction of the largo drawineg-room. " You have all the family tree at your fingers' ends," laughlied Jlne, "and I expect yomu're right." "i Oh, ye, I know I ain." "lmit how i Who h'ta fold youn " " My dear, it is becaiUme nobodly has told me-, For with tho exception of their name, one can't get a eramp of tirustworl thy informutioun houit theseo CaytIs. tYoe I miy thear any number of lies, but,----.,r Lies; about tho 1 atryls?" " Ye, and about this house" "VWhit sort of lies '" persisted Jani. " iAh " answered I, petulantly. "IThe sort thatl always dcoe attach itself to an old mansion whoso owners have ldescerted it." " lhumted, do they omean?" "Somellthing of the kind. What does it cignify p " "bNo-no," said Jano. "I do wonder they did desert it, though. It's a very nice house." "itCharming; andi let i enjoily it in peace, dear." "And ask no questions," laughed she, 'It wlunts oine lthling, though, dreadfully," she went on, after ac wistful silence--" children's voies. lWhein are you going to write to Mary about bringing the twco oysP" "Directly iwe've got servantsu . It would be un-o conscionabtle to Tucker to do it before." "Ah Aiye, of coursel," aqtiieced chi, lying aside the bioli, and, rilidg from her corner by the fire, she ml rolled intlo the next room, iwhnl re, silting down it lthe olu harpcsiehord, whol e turnimshed enlamel and ptintcd glorices reIinded onie of some superannuated beauLt, che began to play lih " Minuet dilo li Cour "ii uitpon its olither o' pearl and gilt keys. T'atig-tiing-an ! Yory weirdlly the instrument'o faint wiry cihord vibrated through the silent rcomaii. "WIhen ," wondlered I to imyself, " was the lasl tim that timlo brought gay feet to foot it over the fLloor there ?" "Ting-la-tliung. Tiug-a-tang-ting." Almost one can ccrnt the p:erfume of their musk nii d amniereriti. Nay, quitell. Surely there wafts past te a hreltlh of it oi a ripple of lhinghtlir, dying in a long, low sigih, i adl, to weanry, that the fianil soumnl wakeuns a responlusive onia in nie, and thiun a wacue of Lie, cold in ani ice-bllst, cltrikes iny cheek. T'ilug-ting-iang. "Tired uilheady i" I iislk, looinrg upi t eos lo ,ano lickii aeallp , her palo fiieo paler thaou ito waont, aii htin ciulki don tuinto the chair opposite me, and aowere shivieriigly ouer theo blaze. " Anitl vnelat twere ,-yi l lughing at all to yourcielf in there ?" " I didno't laugh," shlo ul, flxin?ig her eyes ewithll a litll tevousin smilo on mty fato ; ul"and I'll thank you, Ml[adlmin Carolino, not to groan iai you ldid inmt r now ti sly eri formanee on he hliirpsihore. It is nen disrepeectfuml of you. Or im I to construe it iili it triutlo of regret for oir ldei old IBradwuiood ut luoune i" "I dlidn't tller a sound," I replloId, retnning lher gaze. "iOh, but I heard it dietinetly." "'iiinnc iot Ill ing for light;, ndlet is havie down one of her ladyship's hooki. - Nowi , whichlvler c oiiii, firlt, sc rnmoun or tong, booh t, riigmlluy ior coietlyl; goold- hulo a wiloe, and have i a wif,-.' iRchaird City?, his book, this time. Ay, i dazeu to one on lhat." X 'h 'y?" asked Jane, recovering her cheeriness and a touch of colour. i ecaiie mry dear, a man - Junm, nlhat was flit P" I cryc, throwing dowin the book, and c .tthig in ferror to niy feet ut tho sotind of a therniarlcra-h iii the corridor. " rWhatt wai ii l " "It soundeil uncommnoily like Tunuckir conio to grief witih th ll tea'ley, the cilil, iandr, throwing open the door, weo aw, as nwell as the fiiht iiow of frholight al reitiing out iito thlen eii-lhirlnl lls erimilted, the infort iunat l'lucher t atedl on tho floor, jiluit iniiidio Ihi ini- tr dnwinig-room door, tulmidlt a ihaionw of timohin ehuhinirelcd itunduttor, through nwiich the colentl. of the teapot w-roie andering all over the carpet. Tuoker, white as e ?heet, sat in stony horror, piihting wihl' aling the corridori "It's-gon--down there! " he gaopod, at hast, alfter a ocrie s of abortivo cffori; at ariieulation. "It?" I soked, following the direction of lila fingir. 'lme eat," cald JTuo; for the rait in lthe pltc had inhilih-d hie complltion of our circlo iy thlit tccliuuary qluadru, ped the fist duly wn had cntercd the holuse. " tCt ' " gibluered Tucker. "Ran hutwete your leg;, dildn't it P" ' "icassed me thr-tirough like," shuddered ie, 'i tray aud all, with a coat ou, all sowtd over wiith .old stuff, and a th ?throi-cormcred ha-at, eann a .w-oord." iA man'?" "Looked like on", I t?ll 'so ;" and he b:urt ito a ltorn of bhseric d' obs. " 311 goJ 1 f!ow, vcou'e dr:aminn." liHe ''hrJk lis heId with a di?s?nl smile, " " Did you ec. hii fic i" " Pl:n aS yoars, '"m; anrd 'Iwis for allthe -iosl-ed lik,-- Ah : Ovh! Corome away, don't .tay here, d,'t;" -:nod the h:!f-dCmCnt' d ld tized us both by th- -tits, to dri us into lt.h bc;: oir; but 1 brtol:, fro, his trie ,ing grip ani-, promepttd Isy .,n.' iltran" impulse, ran oiit into the cerridor,.nn-l iooesld dones ovSer tohe to.d o?.ein b:dusttrades into the hall. r?t... Ilh..'ns! Wihat is tthat Nis, no. \What Ioulmy r.titous fouls we i!ortals :neO. O)nly ith: fainti gfils: of lithe young moon Ce!tilng tIliS hl's of the .i)nteil cr e-t of the Cari ls on tih ?;iarcn.e wind-ow dowi n upon the suit of misil in the bitt. Nothinri tut th:lt; and I turnneld, irlllilied lby the la.sd sl!o intention of i" clearing up" his ghlut I to T'l'ctr, ald reading him a kindly and 'cn, ibles Iecst;ruo n his flye. No otl;er motive, of courone, ',nt ime Lau:l:t such headlong speed, Ithlt Itrilitd or, rthe oldah sond ellds of the wr, ck st riwingthetlter, anld -witi suiol foJrce that the old boiurds Ibenaith Iao r.stll:1naIin, as tlhou.tih I, or prolb'ldy 'tlucksr's tublll had soa sned theis in thlsir s oets. WVith lh: odd c-nss-iou lnisos I alhays hal d of tib eyes tihat vrc -nornii- I ttlifted l trnintoi:hem apologeticilly f.,r imy ctlun::in-, is I tgiTht havedone to ami oreathitig cr;ature. Lividly- plle that fa'e :ookled nowl in the snolltm; cro11ing it, and thu hailf-averted eyes h c.,m.d witb a eilden gaintly expressiton 1,f gilt, ur remorsc, or fear, or all three, whiclh? uIlt 1 rlil not rf,'y to derCid, only righting ilmy treiblling limbs ao b~t I coald, I ruiched iacross thu floor ii, and, linging tie boudoir door behind 1me, :llsk into a chir. "You are rcs:lly too foolihi !" I ibegan, directly- I (ouli get breathl. " Sh:iall 1 11 you whlat-it wasi;s " Theli bSoy half raised hia drooping eyelids ild lhis eried aitt:ntly. '" The mat in armour down in the hall, with tli enon u-hiniming on himi." I "r'wasn't doswn in the hall at all," h1, answered dogesvdly slhikingi his Ihe:ld. "'Twasi outtidn yoinder by Ilho d1iving-ro-om duoors.' "Ah Il thalt was your fiancy.'" " ?N more thlili I fancy I eoe Your faco now, 'in, nor tMrs. Sihlsrwood's lthci," 1e renplitid, in low, nawe-:s trick n, but toiltady tonrc, " I an't ii cow·ard like . " Ne, no, indeed; I'm sure you're nt." "And 'lio no fancyi o' mini Iihat I eon it ctiring with uh! such plealin', sad-like eye, land it's face, ipale as pal,--,lhiter tan vyours is now, 'inll. And it hIli on a red cu:ot aO s I tcll'l 'vu, Ilut, ih ! 'twa11 not .o resd as the imnr;i smoriearn' 1al over theI beauitiful lace--" " Ah, nonsense, Tucker, nonsensen I And the hat you i.. i" "A lhree-rorner'd 'n like. Ah, don't ask me no more,"' he pleadedl, " don't now." " Like the-the picture in the front room there, perhlaps ?" I lpersovered, half pointing my finger in the direction, and letting it fall again. "Ay, hut ns'twasn' him. 'Twls," and his voice cank to a hoarse whisper, "'twas him that haungs down by the dinin'-room winder." (To & conlltilc.) 