THE FINAL CHOICE or POLLIE'S PROBATION. CHAPTER III. When Mr. Charteris had concluded his ablution, and sauntered into the verandah after a careful toilette, he there encountered Misa Devereux, who, having arrayed herself in a light Indian muslin dress, gracefully reclined upon one of the Cingalese couches. His lonely life of late may have had something to do with it, but his ordinary well-maintained equilibrium nearly failed him before the resistless force of her charms. Her eyes involuntarily brightened as she partly raised herself from the couch and held out her hand with unaffected welcome. He took in at one rapturous glance her slender, yet wondrously moulded form, her delicate hand, her rounded arm seen through the diaphanous fabric, her masked and shining hair, and her eloquent face. " Oh, Lord," he inwardly ejaculated, as he afterwards confessed : "I used to wonder at fellows shooting themselves over a girl, and all that, and laughed at the idea. But I don't now. When I saw Pollie Dcvereux that evening I could have done the maddest thing in the world for the ghost of a chance of winning her. And to win and wear and lose her again, as happens to a man here and there. Good heavens, why it would make a fellow - make me - run amuck like a Malay, and kill a town full of people before I was half satisfied." But Mr. Charteris controlled those too impetuous feelings, and forced himself to remark, as he clasped her cool, soft hand despairingly, while she expressed her frank pleasure at seeing him. " Always delighted to come to Corindah, Miss Devereux, you know that. Didn't I see you near the gate as I drove in ? Thought you might have come to meet me." " Well, so I would," the young lady answered with an air of provoking candour, " only I had been out to see the coach and find out if they'd brought our package from England - presents that came by the last mail. I was so hot and dusty, and thought it was time to go and dress." " And I wanted to see how Wanderer looked, too," quoth he reproachfully ; " you know I always think he could win the steeplechase at Bourke if you'd let me ride him and wear your colours." " I couldn't think of that for two reasons," replied the girl with decision. " First of all, Wanderer might get hurt. Didn't you see that poor Welcome, at Wannonbah races, broke his leg and had to be shot ? I should die, or go into a decline, if anything happened to Wanderer. And then there's an other reason." " What's that ?" inquired Mr. Charteris, with less than his usual intrepidity. " Why - ah - you might get hurt, Mr. Charteris, you see, and I can't afford to lose an old friend that way." " Oh ! Is that all ?" retorted Master Jack, recovering his audacity. " Well, you could have me shot, like Wanderer, if I broke my back or anything. ' Pon my soul, it would come to just the same thing if you ordered me out to execution before the race." " Now, Mr. Charteris," said Pollie, in a steady, warning voice : " you are disobeying' orders, you know. I shall hand you over to mother, who has just come to say tea is ready. Mother, he's talking most childish nonsense about shooting himself." " But I never talk anything else, do I Mrs. Devereux ?" said the young gentleman, running up to the kindly, matron with a look of sincere affection. Your mother's known me all my life, Miss Deverenx, and she won't believe any harm of me. Will you my dear madam ?" " I don't hear of your doing any foolish thing, my dear Jack," said Mrs. Devereux maternally, " and as long as that is the case, I shall not be very angry with anything you can say. We all know you mean no harm. Don't we Pollie ? And now take me into tea, and you may amuse us as much as ever you like. I'm rather low myself on account of the season." " No use thinking about it," quoth Charteris, dashing gallantly into the position assigned to him. " That's why I'm going to Sydney to have a regular carnival, also to be in time to get the wires to work directly the drought breaks up. I can't make it rain, now can I ? And I've a regular good, tough, steady overseer, a sort of first cousin to your Joe Gateward, with twice as much sense and work in him as I have. I mean to take it easy at the club till he wires me. ' Drought over. Six inches rain.' Left the telegram all ready written and pinned up over his desk. He's nothing to do but fill in the number of inches and sign it, and I shall know what to do ! That shows faith, doesn't it ?" " But isn't it rather mad to go to Sydney with a four-in-hand, and spend money, when yon might be ruined, like all of us ?" said Pollie. " You are too prudent ; but don't look ahead, like most women, my dear young lady," said Jack, in the tone of experienced wisdom. " Nothing like having a logical mind, which I flatter myself I possess. I always think the situation out, as thus :- If we are all going to be ruined, and no more rain is coming - the odds are against it, but still it's on the cards - why not have a real, good, first-class season of enjoyment before the grand smash ? The trifling expenditure of a good spree won't make any appreciable difference in the universal bankruptcy. You grant me that, don't you ? Yes, thanks - I will take some more wild turkey. Strange that one should have any appetite in this weather, isn't it ?" " Not if one drives or rides all day, and half the night, aa you do, Mr. Charteris," said Pollie. " Even talking makes you thirsty, doesn't it ? But you go on with the logic." " Did you ever see me scowl, Miss Pollie ? Beware of my ferocious mood. Now, we're agreed about this, five hundred pounds, more or less, makes no difference if you're going to be ruined and lose fifty thousand." " I suppose not," reluctantly assented Mrs. Devereax. " Still its money wasted." " Money wasted !" exclaimed Mr. Charteris. " I'm surprised at you, Mrs. Devereux. Think of the delights of yachting in the harbour, of the ocean breeze after this breath from the pit - of - of - Avernus. Knew I should find him in time. Then the evening parties - the dinners at the club - the races - the lawn tennis - the cricket matches. The English Eleven are to be there. Why I haven't been down for six whole months. Don't you think rational amusement worth all the money yon can pay for it ? Would you think a couple of years ramble on the Continent dearly bought if we were all able to afford to go together ?" The girl's eyes began to glow at this. " Oh ! mother," she said, " surely we shall be able to go some day. Do you think this horrid drought will stop the possibility of it altogether ? If I was sure of that I would drown myself. Well, no, I couldn't do that, but I would burn myself in a bush fire. That's a proper Australian notion of suicide. Water's too scarce and expensive. Think of the consequences if I spoiled a tank. I would like to see Mr. Gateward's face." And here the wilful damsel, having first smiled at the alarmed expression on her mother's countenance, now abandoned herself to childish merriment at the irresistibly ludicrous idea of a drowned maiden in a dry season, intensifying the bitterness in the minds of economical pastoralists with the reflection that a flock of sheep would probably be deprived thereby of that high-priced necessity - or rather luxury in a dry country - a sufficiency of water. Mr. Charteris laughed heartily for a few minutes, and then, with sudden solemnity, turned upon the young lady. " You never will be serious, you know. Why can't you take pattern by me ? Let us pursue our argument. Pleasure being worth its price, let us pay it cheerfully. I was reading about the Three Hundred, those Greek fellows, you know, dressing their hair before Marathon, and that gave me the idea, I think. Mine's too short." Here he rubbed his glossy brown pate, canonically cropped. " But the principle's the same, Miss Pollie, eh ?" " What pririciple ?" echoedPullie, "or want of it, do you mean ?" " The principle of dying game, Miss Devereux," returned Charteris, with a steady eye and heroic pose. " Surely you can comprehend and respect that ? It all resolves itself into this. I'm going to put down my ace. If the cards go wrong. I have played a dashing game. If the season turns up trumps I'll make the odd trick. You'll see who has the first cream of the store sheep market." " I admire bold play, and you have my best wishes Mr. Charteris. You've explained everything so clearly. Don't you think if you read history a little more it might lead you to still more brilliant combinations ?" " If you'd only encourage me a little," said the young man with a touch of unusual humility. " Isn't that Jack Charteris," said a man's voice in the passage. " I'll swear I heard him talk of playing his ace. May I come in, or is there a family council on anything ?" " Come in, Harold, and don't be a goose," said Mrs. Devereux. " You are not going to stand on ceremony at this or any other time." " l've had a longish ride," said the voice, " nothing to eat, half a sunstroke, I believe, and my journey for my pains. I'm late for tea besides, though I rode hard. If I was anyone else I believe I should be cross. I think you'd better all leave me, and I'll join yon in the verandah when I've fed and found my temper." " Nothing of the sort, mother, you take out Mr. Charteris and give him good advice, while I see after Mr. Atherstone, and recommend him to begin with the wild turkey while I get whim some Bukkulla. What's the reason you've not been near us lately, sir ?" The newcomer was a very tall man, though he did not at first sight give you the idea of being much above the middle size, but Mr. Charteris, who was by no means short, looked so when they stood together. Then you saw that he was much above the ordinary stature of mankind. His frame was broad and muscular, and there was an air of calm latent power about his whole bearing such as gave the impression of perfect confidence of physical or mental equality to whatever emergency might befall. Mr Charteris lingered, and seemed to question the soundness of the arrangement which divided him from the enchantress, and reduced him to the placid enjoyment of Mrs. Devereux's always sensible but not exciting conversation. " Look here, Jack, I can't have you here while I'm dining, you know," persisted Mr. Atherstone, with a calm decision. " You have such an energetic, highly-organised nature, you know, that calm people like me can't sustain your electric currents. I perceive by the appearance of that turkey that I am about to dine in comfort. Pollie has gone to bring n a bottle of Bukkulla. " Put it to yourself carefully," as Mr. Jaggers says, that I have had no lunch. She will be quite as much as I can bear during such a delicate period. So out you go. Order him off Mrs. Devereux, if you've any pity for me." " Well, you are the coolest ruffian I must say," quoth Mr. Charteris, as Pollie reappeared bearing a dusty bottle of the cool and fragrant Bukkulla. "Mrs. Devereux, you spoil him. It's very weak of you. You'll have people talking." " We don't mind what people say, do we Harold," said the widow, as she watched him carefully draw the cork of the bottle while Pollie sat near and placed a large green hock glass before him. " Leave them alone for half an hour. I'm sure, poor fellow, he's awful hungry and tired. I know where he's been. It was on an errand of mine ; Mr. Gateward couldn't go. Surely you can put up with my company for a little while ? " " Poor Harold," grumbled Jack, " he is to be pitied indeed. Mrs. Devereux, you know I always say there's no one talks so charmingly as you do, and I always say what I mean. Now, isn't there something I can do for you in Sydney ?" Tne symposium thus ostentatiously heralded did not take quite so long as might have been expected, and Pollie, making her appearance in tbe drawing-room apparently before its termination, went to the piano at Mr. Charteris's instigation, and sang two or three of his favourite songs in a fashion which brought any lingering remnants of his passion once more to the surface. Mr. Atherstone was also good enough to express his approval from the dining-room, the door of which was open, and to request that she would reserve her importation from the metropolis until he came in. This exhortation was followed by his personal apparition, when the latest composition of Stephen Adams was selected by him and duly executed. Among the natural endowments lavished upon this young creature was such a voice as few women possess, few others adequately, develop or worthily employ. Rich, flexible, with unusual compass, depth and power, it combined strangely mingled tones, which carried with them tears or smiles, hate, defiance, love and despair ; the child's glee, the woman's passion, all were enwrapped,in this wondrous, almost unearthly organ, prompt to appear when the magician touched her spirit with his wand. Harold once said that in her ordinary mood all the glories of vocal power seemed imprisoned in her soul, like the tunes that were frozen in the magic horn. Men used to sit with their hands before their eyes, with heads bent low, lest the faintest note might escape their highly wrought senses. Grizzled, war-worn veterans had wept unrestrainedly as she sang the simple ballads that recalled their youth. Women even were deeply affected, and could not find one word of depreciation that would sound otherwise sacrilegious. This was one of her ' good nights, ' ' her amiable, well-behaved nights,' Harold said. So the men sat and smoked on the verandah, with Mrs. Devereux near them ; all in silence or low murmuring conversation, while the stars burned brightly in the blue eternity of the summer night - the season itself in its unchanging brightness an emblem of the endless procession of creation ; while the girl's melodious voice, now low and soft, now wildly appealing, tender or strong, rose and fell, or swelled and died away like ' like an angel's harp, ' said Harold to her mother, as she arose and came towards them, " and it is specially fortunate for us here," he continued, " as the season is turning us all into something like the other thing." " Hush ! Harold, my boy ; have faith in God's providence," replied Mrs. Devereux, placing her hand on his. " We have been sorely tried at times ; but that hope and faith have never failed me." " What a lovely, glorious, heavenly night !" said the girl, stepping out on the broad walk which wound amid the odorous orange-trees still kept in leaf and flower by profuse watering. " What a shame that one should have to go to bed. I feel too excited to sleep. That is why you fortunate men smoke, I suppose ? It calms the excitable nervous sysstem, if you never suffer in that way." " Ask Jack," said Mr. Atherstone : " he is more delicately organised. I suppose I like smoking, because I do it a good deal. It is a contemplative, reflective practice, possessing at the same time a sedative effect. It prevents intemperate cerebration. It arrests the wheels of thought, which are otherwise apt to go round and round when there's nothing for them to do \- mills with no corn to grind." " I never heard so many good reasons for what many people call a bad habit before," said Pollie. " However, I must say, considering the hard work in mind and body you poor fellows have to do at times, I think a man enjoying his pipe after his day's work a dignified and ennobling spectacle." " Quite my idea, Miss Pollie," said Jack, " I really thought my brain was giving way once in a dry season. If I hadn't smoked, should have had to fall back upon drinking. Dreadful to think of, isn't it ? A mixture of Latakia and Virginia I got from a fellow down from India on leave saved my life." " I think we are all sufficiently soothed and edified now to go to bed," said Mrs. Devereux, with mild suggestive authority. " Dear me, nearly 12 o'clock, too. The days are so long now that it is ever so late before dinner is finished and the evening fairly begun." The parcel from England to which reference had been made on the occasion of Pollie's excursion to Mogil Mogil clump, had arrived safely, and its contents had been duly admired, when a letter received by the next mail steamer contained such exceptional tidings that all other incidents became tame and uninteresting. This English letter proved to be from the elder brother of her late husband, with whom, since his death, Mrs. Devereax had kept up a formal but regular correspondence. The members of her husband's family had proved kindly and sympathetic in her hour of sorrow. They had possibly been touched by the passionate grief of their Australian relative, whose letters after a while commenced to exhibit so much sound sense and proper feeling. From that time the elders of the house of Devereux never omitted befitting attention and friendly recognition to the far off, unknown kinswoman. And now it seems they had despatched Mr. Bertram Devereux, late lieutenant in Her Majesty's 6th Dragoon Guards, who from force of circumstances, reckless extravagance and imprudence no doubt, but from no improper conduct had been compelled to quit that crack corps and the brilliant society he adorned. Fortunately, he had a small capital of several thousand pounds, the bequest of an aunt. Having decided upon a colonial career he was anxious to gain the requisite experience on the estate of his cousin, Mrs Brian Devereux. If she had no objection, would she lay them all under a deep obligation by receiving the young man into her family, and by acting a mother's part to one who was forced to quit home and native land, perhaps forever. This last enclosure was from Lady Anne Devereux, a lady in her own right, who, much to the distaste of her friends and family, had been fascinated by the handsome Colonel Dominick Daly Devereux, one of the military celebrities of the day. In the main the tone of this letter was proud and cold ; but there were a few' expressions which so plainly showed the mother's bruised and breaking heart, that Mrs. Devereux could not resist the appeal. " I fear he will be a troublesome inmate in one sense or other," she reflected. " He is hardly young enough to take kindly to station life. Then, again, how will my darling girl be affected by his companionship ? But I can enter into a mother's feelings. I cannot refuse hospitality to my dear husband's nephew. \Ve must make the best of it. He will not be worse, I suppose, than other newly-arrived young men. They are an awful bother during the first year. After that they become like other people. I hope Mr. Gateward will take to him." And now the stated time had been over- passed. The Indus (P. and 0. service) had arrived. A telegram had been received, and Mr. Bertram Devereux was hourly expected by the next mail coach. This fateful vehicle did actually arrive - rather late on the evening specified, but without having according to Pollie's prophecies and reiterated assertions, either broken down, upset, or lost its way, owing to the new driver taking a back track which led into the wilderness, and ending in a lately-finished tank, far from the habitations of civilised man. As the coach swung round the corner of the stock-yard and drew up underneath a wide-branched white acacia which shaded a large proportion of on inner encloanre, the driver received a douceur which confirmed him in the opinion which he had previously entertained of his passenger being "a perfect gentleman." He, therefore, busied himself actively in unloading his portmanteau and other effects, deposited the station mail- bag, and without further loss of time took the well-trodden road to the township. As the eyes of his late "fare" rested mechanically upon the fast- departing coach, he saw little but a cloud of dust outlining every turn of the road, amid which gleamed the five great lamps, which finally diminished apparently into star-fragments, as they traversed the unending plain which stretched northward and northward ever. A young man whose Crimean shirt and absence of necktie denoted to the traveller the presumed abandon of bush life, advanced from the door of a species of shop for general merchandise, as it seemed to the stranger, and dragging in the mail bag, saluted him courteously. " Mr. Devereux, I think ? Please come in." Meekly following his interlocutor through the "shop," as he termed it, he found himself in a smaller and more comfortable room. Looking around at the somewhat cabined, cribbed and confined section, he answered, "My name is Devereux. I have come to remain. May I ask which of these rooms is to be allotted to me ?" The storekeeper smiled. " You didn't think this was the house, sir ? This is the overseer's place - the barracks, as we call it in the bush. If you come after me, I'll show you the way. Your luggage will all be brought in to you if you will leave it here." The newcomer had not, in truth, troubled himself to consider what Australian dwellings might resemble. He expected nothing. He had made up his mind to the worst. Therefore, he would not have been in the least bit surprised if his aunt or cousin had issued from one of the small apartments which opened out from the larger room, had directed bim to occupy another, and had then and there placed a kettle on the smouldering wood fire for the purpose of providing him with refreshment after his journey. He therefore mechanically followed bis guide through a passage and along a verandah until they reached a small white gate in a garden paling, when the young man in the light raiment quitted him with this farewell precept :- " The front entrance is between those two large rose bushes and the first room to the right of the hall. Mrs. Devereux or Miss Pollie's sure to be there." Proceeding along the path, as he had been directed, Bertram Devereux commenced to experience a slight degree of surprise, even curiosity. He was evidently in an aesthetic region, short as had been the distance from the sternest commonplace. The borders were carefully kept. Flowers apparently were blooming profusely. Oranges and limes shed a subtle and powerful odour around. The stars gleamed on a sheet of water which had evidently helped to create this oasis in the desert. The whispering leaves of the banana brought back memories of tropic glories of foliage. Turning between two vast cloth-of-gold standards, the blooms of which met and clustered about his head, he ascended a flight of steps and found himself in a broad verandah furnished with cane lounges and hammocks. The hanging lamp, which illumined a wide and lofty hall, showed ferns of various size and foliage, the delicate colouring of which struck gratefully upon his aching and dust enfeebled eyes. A book, a few gathered flowers, lay upon a small table with some half-executed ornamental needlework. All told of recent feminine presence and occupation. As he lingered in observation of these novelties, a lady passed into the hall from a side door and advanced with a look of kindly welcome. " You are Bertram Devereux, I know, and oh ! though your hair and eyes are dark"- here she looked wistfully in his face -" I can see the family likeness to my darling husband. You are the only one of his relations I have ever seen. You may think how welcome you are at Corindah. But it is a lonely life. I am afraid you will miss the society you have been accustomed to. My husband could never have endured it but that he hoped to make a fortune. " And so do I, Aunt Mary," said the young man, with a prim smile. Had I not expected great things I should never have come so far from civilisation. But I should not talk so," be nodded, looking around. " You seem to have everything one has been used to, conservatories and alL" " We have always tried to live in reasonable comfort," replied Mrs. Devereux. " As to the fortune, it is sometimes a long time in coming. And a dry year like this delays it still more. Now, having told you how glad we are to see you, you will be anxious to be shown your bedroom. In half an hour the bell will for tea. We do not dine late, but I promise you something substantial after your journey." After a bath and a leisurely change of toilet _____________ suitable for an expected guest, ILLUSTRATION -CORINDAH {Page 2). " ILLUSTRATION - POLLIE DEVEREUX (Page 2). the pilgrim commenced to take a more tolerant view of Australian facts and prospects than up to this period of his existence he had deemed possible. " Quiet, yet dignified and refined woman, my new aunt," he soliloquised. " Very far from the bustling farmer's wife I had expected. Handsome in her youth - very beautiful she must have been. My erratic cousin was by no means the fool we all thought him. And her fair daughter, too. How about her ? A beauty and an heiress, they all say. I never bargained for that. Seems as if there were women wherever one goes - wherever I go, at least. Just my luck." Mr. Devereux had scarcely enunciated this disheartening truism, with a mildly resigned, not to say desponding expression of countenance, than the bell of which he had been warned rang out a peal. Placing a rosebud of Gloire de Dijon in his button-hole, he sought the drawingroom, of which he found himself the sole occupant He observed that it was handsomely furnished, in a style not noticeably different from the fashion of the day, being not wholly devoid of china, having a few rare plaques and Moorish brassware. There waa even a dad ; also a magnificent grand piano by Erard. Then four young people came through one of the French windows, which "gave" into the verandah. " I shall never agree with you, Harold," the girl was saying to her companion ; " not even even if we lived here for the next 20 years, and I shall drown or otherwise make away with myself in that case." " There are worse places than Corindah," replied a young man, as he followed her in. " You may live to be convinced of the fact." " I should hate any place," retorted the girl, in playful defiance, " if I had to live there all my life. I quite envy my cousin, Mr. Devereux, who has only just come. Everything will be so nice and new to him. Cousin Bertram," she said, advancing and holding out her hand. " I am charmed to welcome you. Mother and I have been talking of no-one else for the last week. Let me introduce Mr Harold Atherstone, a near neighbour and a great friend of ours. He will be able to give you advice and information beyond all price." The two men bowed gravely, in the manner manner ot freshly-acquainted Britons, and looked steadily, perhaps searchingly, into each other's eyes. The newcomer spoke first. " I can't tell you how pleased I am with everything - and everybody," he added after a slight pause. " It is so different from what I had expected. I feel as if I had found a home and relation, instead of leaving them forever. Most happy to meet Mr. Atherstone, and hope to profit by his experience and other people's." For the few seconds which passed while the new friend and the old one confronted one another, the young lady regarded them both keenly. Nor was her mind idle.' " As far as appearance goes," she thought, " Harold certainly has the best of it. Tall, well-proportioned, with nice brown hair and beard, and those honest grey eyes. He is what most girls would call a splendid fellow, and so he is. Why am I not fonder ot him ? Bertram is certainly distinguished- looking, but he is only middle-sized and almost plain \- dark hair, eyes rather good. I feel disappointed ; I don't know why. He smiles nicely, that is, he could if he took the trouble. We must wait, I suppose, till his character develops. I hate waiting. I see mother coming. We had better go in to tea." This last observation was the only one audible. The other results of lightning-like apprehension had only been flashed by electric agencies from eye and heart to brain -- there registered, doubtless, for future verification or erasure, as circumstances might determine. Mrs. Devereux had entered. Pollie offered her arm to her cousin, whom she piloted to the diningroom, leaving Mr. Atherstone to follow with her mother. If the young emigre had been previously astonished at the tone of the household arrangements, he was even more surprised as he surveyed the well-lighted room and marked with much inward satisfaction the appetising repast and the complete and elegant appointments. The tea equipage at the table, over which Mrs. Devereux presided, determined the character of the repast, but the general effect was that of a sufficiently good dinner, with adjuncts of light wine and the pale ale of Britain which neither of the young men declined. Both ladies were becomingly dressed in evening costume -- Mrs. Devereux plainly and unobtrusively, while her daughter had donned for the occasion a sea green mermaiden triumph of millinery, which subtly suited the delicate waxen tints of her complexion, and the silken masses of her abundant hair. In the trial ot first introductions, unless the key-note be swiftly struck, and more than one of the talkers be enthusiastic, conversation is apt to languish, being chiefly tentative and fragmentary. Now Pollie was eagerly enthusiastic, but her burning impatience on a score of subjects awoke no reponsive note in the incurious, undemonstrative kinsman. He was apparently ready to receive information about the customs of a country, from people so novel to him, but did not press for it. He studiously avoided committing himself to opinions, and made only a few suggestions. suggestions. Harold Atherstone declined to pose as a didactive or locally well informed personage, contenting himself with remarking that those intending pastoralists who possessed common sense, acquired information for themselves. To the other division advice was useless and experience vain. This cynical summing up of the Great Australian Question, caused the stranger to raise his eyebrows and Pollie to pout, and declare that Mr Atherstone was very disobliging and quite unlike himself this evening. Upon this it occurred to Mrs Devereux to interpose an apologetic observation concerning the state of the country, including the state of the roads, livestock and pasturage ; to which their guest made a answer that he had always believed Australia to be a dry and parched region, and had supposed this to be normal state of matters. " Oh, we're not quite so bad as you see us now," exclaimed Pollie, suppressing a laugh. " Are we Harold ? You would hardly believe that those dusty plains are covered with grass as high as a horse's head in a good season, would you now ?" Mr. Devereux did not believe it. But he inclined his head politely, and said that it must present a very pleasant appearance. " Yes, indeed," continued the girl. In the old days the shepherds were provided with horses, because the grass was so high that the sheep used to get lost. Men on foot could not see them in it." The listener began to feel convinced that the facts related were approaching the range of strange travel and adventure, so circumstantially described by one Lemuel Gulliver, but he manfully withheld utterance of this heresy, merely remarking that they think that very strange in England. " I'm afraid you're cautious," quoth his teacher, trying to frown. " If there's one thing I despise, it's caution. Its your duty as a newly arrived person to be wildly astonished at anything, to make quantities of mistakes and to gradually learn the noble and aristocratic profession of the squatter. If you're going to be so unnaturally rational, I shall have no pleasure in teaching you." " If you will undertake the task," replied the neophyte, with a sudden gleam in his eyes, which for an instant lighted up a somewhat melancholy face, " I will promise to commit all the errors you may think necessary." " As to that we'll see,"answered the damsel with a fine affectation of carelessness. I will make no promises. We shall have plenty of time. Oh dear ! what quantities of it we can waste here - to find out all one another's best qualities. Shall we not, Harold ?" " I have never made any discoveries of the sort, Miss Deverenx," said the young man. " I can't answer, of course, for the result of your explorations." " I couldn't find out anything bad in you !" cried the girl eagerly, " if I tried for a century. That's the worst of it. You always put me in the wrong. Doesn't he mother ? There's no satisfaction in quarrelling with him." " Why should you quarrel, if it comes to that ?" retorted the matron, with a wistful glance at her child. " You only differ in opinion occasionally, I observe." " Why, quarrelling is one of the necessities -- I should almost say, luxuries -- of existence." retorted the young lady. " What would life be without it ? Think of the pleasure of making up. I would die if I didn't quarrel with somebody now and again." " Or talk nonsense occasionally, as your cousin has doubtless by this time observed," answered her mother. I think we may adjourn to the drawingroom." The drawingroom in this case meant the verandah, in which luxurious retreat the party soon ensconced themselves. " Really," remarked Devereur, as he lit a cigar and abandoned himself to the depths of a Cingalese chair. " If there was a little motion, I could fancy we were in the Red Sea. Same sky, same stars, same mild temperature and tobacco. This is very different from the stern realities of colonial life I had pictured to myself." " We don't give ourselves out as industrious martyrs," remarked Athertone placidly, " but you will probably find out that bush life is not all beer and skittles." " Hope not," replied Devereux. " That would be too good to last, obviously. Still I can gather that you have extenuating circumstances." I certainly never expected to spend my first evening like this." Atherstone made no answer, but apparently permitted his pipe reverie to prevail. The other man reclined as if somewhat fatigued, smoked his cigar, listening indolently to running conversation which his cousin kept up, sometimes with him, sometimes with Atherstone, whose answers were chiefly monosyllabic. The girl's fresh voice falling pleasantly upon his ear had the lulling effect of rhythmic melody or a murmuring stream. Mr. Bertram Devereux was led to the conclusion, by his novel and interesting experience, that an evening might be spent pleasantly, even luxuriously, at this incredible " distance from town," as he himself would have expressed it. With this conviction, however, and the " termination of his cigar, came a distinctly soporific proclivity, so that, pleading fatigue and declining further refreshment, the newcomer was fain to take himself to bed, in which blessed refuge from care and pain, labour and sorrow, he shortly ceased to revolve the very comprehensive subject of colonial experience. 