The Extravagant Hindu Legend. Of the Hindu legends the most striking feature is their wildness. la it a protest against the dull monotony of life in India ? Or is life less monotonous to the native than to the European ? LsI Behari's tales, any how, are wilder than the wildest bits of the " Arabian Nights." A young man puts an egg of the toontoonia bird into a cupboard, and out of it comes a bab9 that grows into the loveliest girl the world ever saw. The mannik stone in some snakes' heads is worth the wealth of seven kings. In a certain city an elephant is king maker, but the king of his choice only reigns a day, for out of the queens month comes a threadlike snake, which slays him in the bridal chamber. A long-lost son, who had fallen in love with his mother, and has mounted the cow-hoase roof that he may break in and carry her off, happily hears his life's story from two calves that are quietly discussing him below. A wife going out of doors on a dark night acci dentally knocks up against a Sankchinni, white lady ghost, that eat on a low branch. The revengeful creature at once took her by the throat, thrust her into a hole in the tree, and went in, taking her shape eo completely that the mother-in law, that universal inmate of (he Hindu hat, was Received. The only difference was that, whereas the wife bad been weak and languid, the ghost was brisk and active. " She hag turned over a new leaf; so much the better," paid the raother-in law, when the errands and the cooking were done in next to no time. But one day the old woman caught sight of the ghost fetching something from the next room ghost fa-hion, by stretching out a lor.g arm—for ghosts can stretch their limbs a great way, though not an far as Rakshaeis can. She said nothing, but told her son, and they watched, and be fore long they saw the kitchen hearth ablaze, though they knew there was no fire in the house! Looking through a chink they eaw that the wife had thrust her foot into the oven, and that it was burning like a bit of | wood. " She's a ghost," they whispered, as they went for the cjha, who tested her Itj , burning tumeric under her nose. She proved her ghostship by screaming, and was then beaten with slippers till she confessed and showed where the real wife was, and was again beaten till she promised never to do the family any farther harm.— -A'-l the Year lifiund. 