, i" I. M el J ?"?>!! 'I.' 11 'IM" 'SI I-'. MISCELLANEOUS. MATiMDRS.-r. - In the hat of volunteers enrolled and members of the expeditionary force, the name of Mr. Daniel O'Connell. was inadvertently omitted. i n ., M I ? Last night, at the, Barracks, a handsome meerschaum pipe was presented to Bandmaster Thompson, of the Headquarters Bend, by his comrades, as a mark of their goodwill in the occasion of his departure with the expedition for the Soudan. He will be attached to the force as bugler. The present chief of the Sydney Thistle Club Mr, P, M'lvenñe, and several of the clansmen who are proceeding to the Soudan, will be presented by the mom bore of the club with testimonials on Friday night in the Haymarket Academy, George and Campbell streets. A charge will be made for admission, and the proceeds will be handed over to the Patriotic Fund. The Commandant of the oiuUipgent has been written to, requesting him to kindly allow the Scotchman who belong to the force to attend on the evening after the presentations have been mad?. Singing and dancing of a national character will be indulged in, the numbers appearing in Highland . cos tune. A special service, having reference to the departure of the troops for Egypt, will be held in St. Andrew's Cathedral' next Sunday afternoon,' commencing at a quarter past 8 o'clock. In a circular relative to the departure of the troops, the Primate of Australia writes:-' ' ' ' "It will be, I think, well that on Sunday next our rongroinitinns should be invited to join In suicidal prayer for (God's blessing on our arms in KirJ praised for His glorious favour and protection to the troops who are going forth willingly from (his colony (observes our common country." Accompanying the circular ore special forms of prayer to be used at the special service at the Cathedral, and as shall be found desirable- in 'othör'oburobes and in private devotions. The prayers are as follow : " Oh, most glorious and otciiiaI>Goa'.;tthe Lord of 'Hosts, in whose hand rest all the armies! of war, we humbly commit to Thy righteous judgment This cause of our dear country in this her hour of trial., Send down, if it be according to 'a hy grounds with, such blessing on our arms in Egypt (at the clouds of dnnitcr'Tnny be watered before us, and the light L. of peace and happiness -be restored-; and warning that we, acknowledging Thee neither .glvortif-nll victory; may strive to use our power, us, a trust J tom The o, for the advance ment of Thy glory and (the welfare of all the people of the land, through JOSHS Christ Our Lord, to whom truth 'I hoe and the Holy Ghost be all honour anu'glelrY, world without end. Amen." I " 0 God, who hast taught us, by, the hour of trial to draw closer the bonds of brotherhood, and to rejoice in cleansing; our share in the dangers and the destinies of our nation, blocs, wo lioFOcch Tllvi', vi if h The gregarious favour and protection, Those) who go "forth Willingly from 'IIICHV slimes to form rear door country in her hour of need May Thy fatherly hand reverse over those. May Thy spirit of rigUte-oiiPiioi-R and money rule their hearts Bring them back, if it be Thy will, climate and safety, and. vvKetJior in life or in death, inny Thy 'lííis-.nlL'1 lOst upon them, for the fake of Him who gave Himself for our salvation, Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen-.''' . i I i 1 The Acting Colonial Secretary -has accepted a donation of 50 copies of " Fuller's Central Cumberland Directory" for tho'\tso*,6£"<'tbe-A«strnMal>'Jfroop& going to the Soudan. ." ,.'.'," i s' I i ^'Iii'vosturday's 'issue' the names of' fire 'drill- BOBS I appears in errors as having presented strike' started and field glasses for the use of the officers of the Soudan expedition; it should litwo-hclm Metherall BiesS. I Yesterday, Captain W." V: Mulholland, chief drill instructor under the Department of Public Instruction, bade farewell to his old pupils at the Model Public School. Fort-street. In the course of his Tsmnrts to the boys and girls, the captain etitttiMriot He had been connected with the Fort-street school for 10 or 17 years, and he was proud to be able to state that some of his former pupils had Been hdcoptetthi members, of the New South Wales contingent. He was also pleased to hear that the children had nobljrdotfer'rriirloil to contribute ther quota to the " Patriotic Fund." The headmaster,' Mr. Conway, after alluding to the very cordial! relations wasting between Captain Mulholland and the teaching staff, wished him, on behalf Tr>f the pupils and teachers, a pleasant voyage, a glorious campaign, and a safe return to Australia. ?'?".' 7s " A pleasing incident occurred Jessamine morning on the occasion of the departure of two officers of the SurvTy'Department (iferBt's'.,1G.''S>..'l{oddio and O.G. Mackenzie), who are erecting the number who volunteered and have been accepted ?for'sertice in the Soudan. Their fellow-officers connected with a tVo came TOOIII availed themselves of the opuoMunfty to present each of those gentlemen with a small t6<:vY>nir in the form of an illuminated address accompanying a silver-mounted pipe, silver matohbosf*Vci ss n--irlig4ff token of the esteem in which they are held. 