the young folks, Australian Elves. (FOB AtJSTBALIAH BOYS AND QIBLS. No. IV. Moonlandp Some of oar friends and relatives on the other side of the globe will be astonished to learn that the way to the moon has been discovered by an unfortunate member of, the literati of Australia. The greatest thinKero or the day have scouted the idea as nothing but motmshiiie, when spoken to about the practicability of the discovery. But it mast be borne in,, mind that the same laws of Natnre which guide and . rale the mother country are somewhat erratic here at the antipodes, inasmuch as we are all upside down —standing on our heads in fac. Therefore we are prepared for mar vela. In a land where there are animals who stand cm their tails , and fight with all four feet at once, where the young leap out of and into their parent's Btomach at will — there being a strange bag in that quarter for the purpose of humouring the antics of the juveniles, just like a hole in the bow of a timber ship ; where there are creatures that appear neither flesh nor fowl — who swim In ponds like a duck, have a duck's bill, who lay eggs, yet have feet and hair like a v. . 1 n In m ii v v til a Ion was aw a Ly«U5ii j Ki « 1AUU WUWC wu trees grow edgeways to the sun, and the trees themselves shoot downwards, surely It is uo great wonder that we have found a passage, to the great luminary of night, and had the pleasure of shaking hands and Hke- wipp supping with the disobedient man who gathered sticks on Sunday. The scientific world wiL never feel half the surprise anent eur new disoovery as that which fell upon the old shepherd, when he f mad himself surrounded and made prisoner. He had left his sheep in charge of the only companion ho had in these regions — -vie., Mb dog. Within a sheltered nook on one of the fairest and most luxuriant slopes of the Bijsteriocfs Bine Mountains, Toby, the half- bred Dingo, held watch and ward over his charge, while his master wandered down the rugged sideof the cliff In search of gold. Here the stm wan almost hid behind the broad awning of gtgaatie trees, whose im mense trunks, gnarled and hoary with; age, stood like mammoth senti nels te guard the dim glem below. The lonely herdsman had often descended to that e-iefc before unmolested, but now from every mound and hollow there peered thegrotesque faces of the Mountain Sprites, watching his every movement, until, with sudden rush, tfoey pounced upon him and held him fast. For a time he struggled manfully to free - himself. It was quite useless. The genii oi the Blue Mountains are a powerful people, not te be trifled with, as the shepherd soon discovered. He was lifted bodily up, and borne along so swiftly that he nearly lost, his senses. The route of his captors lay in a downward direction. Never upward. And it appeared as if the dusky ravines which they traversed led right away from the upper world into the region of eternal nights 44 Dear friends, good people, where on earth are you taking me?' cried the poor fellow in an affrighted tone, "Bis bus, silence, Mortal," replied an ancieut Gnome authoritatively. "Year destm ajbion is not the earth, but the tteonJ 44 Good lord," ejaculated the poor shep herd with starting eyeballs. "Bus, peace," rejoined the -fay in a whisper. "The. voioe of man hath nevtr disturbed these solitudes since the crea tion." : " Gentlemen, let me go, pray." "Art thou no4- going, thou dissatisfied mortal? Bo still." " It is all up with me," groaned the un fortunate captive. "Nay, verily, it will be all down with thee," answered the sprite. " Behold." As the fairy spoke they emerged into a dismal spot, in the iridst of whijh gapd a wide black pit. At the mouth of the chasm the shepherd beheld the forms ot two beings in shape liked the fabled vampires, who clapped their tremendous wings m ecstacy at sight of him, ">Vho is this?' they cried, and the fairies answered, " A visitor for moouland." " No, no, I ain't agoing to the moon," re plied the trembling shepherd. ' The horrid vampires laughed in exulta tion at his misery, and the sound shook the walls of the solid cliffs around. 44 Hear me, Ti t, b 1 « J jlL. T .. _ _ M a a A I X/UOlk) aim xnou, JUUgLTj Odia Vile VJUVIUC) addressing the winged monsters. 44 This fellow hath had the impudence to invade our sacred precincts, and attempted to release Eome of our dreaded foe", the Gold Nuggets, whom we have made prisoners. V hat shall we do with the rascal?" " Send him to the moon," they cried with one voice. " Mercy, gentlemen, mercy." "Fiddlestick. To moonland with him," answered the sprite. " There is lofc3 of room for him to fossick there. Eh, Lunar?" Over that terrible void, near where they held him, oar hero observed a strange object floating with a gentle oscillating motion, as a feather floats in space. la appearance it was like a gigantic umbrella inverted, with a hole cut in the centre. To the end of the ribs cords of gossamer were fastened, which stretched upward to a car in the shape of a star, the points expanded like huge wines. The nature of the material or by' what process this curious vehicle ha i been manufactured, the unfor tunate shepherd had neither power nor leisure at that moment to examine, for the anocint fay had no sooner spoken than Dusk and his companion seized hold of him like a pair of vultures, and flew upward with him into the car of the parachute. "Good-bye, Lunar, let me know when you arrive," cried sorue of the fairies. 41 Slide a message down a moonbeam," responded others. 1 Or a rainbow or the tail of a comet." And while the mountain sprites stood and jeers d, the quainV fik&hinfe; Sudtfcnly shot down the empty-space with the velocity of a cannon bed!. - - , Who shall describe the sensation of the »r mortal me be felt himself fallings falling do wn— do wn, a blind mass— through the darkened air. Those who. have fallen, or have leaped,, from even a moderate height, can. have n © conception of the frenzied terror that took possession of him for a moment. Yet, it was only -for a moment. Strange to say, he did not lose his presence of mind, and his fear left'him as suddenly as it had -fallen upon him; From bewildering chaos of thought in Me captive s mind, Curiosity became paramount to all else. Amid the murky blackness around and about, there was very little to examine, but the shepherd thrust his head through the gossamer network of the machine and gazed below. Far, far away 4n the profound depths beneath them, he saw a vast disc of soft light, which threw its rays upward, and enabled him to discern that the abyss through which they were descending appeared- like a hollow cone, the neck of which began in the mountain, and, like an eddying circle in the i water, gradually became wider and wider as they advanced. The progress of the parachute was so swifc that they rapidly emerged into the focus of the light— the wide month of the oone receding to a faint dark circle on the p≤ horizon in the space of a few seconds. It was astonishing how wondrous soft and beautiful the shimmering glow of light in this new region burst upon the mortal's vision. Me naa witnessei many lovely changes from the lofty peaks of the New South Wales Alps, but Dame Nature had never presented herself to Ms eyes iu such a garb before. Not the glaring, hot, dazzling rays of the summer sun here, bat rather a gentle, subdued,, dreamy reful gence, without the ghost of a shadow or shade of variation upon anything 1 Above, below, one universal pale liquid glimmer, devoid of vapour. Distant moun tains, peaked and gabled like an iceberg, appeared to view, and hills and valleys, with deep rents and chasms, forming an amphitheatre of immense dimensions, became more clear to the vision every moment. Everything seemed mixed up and confounded by the uniformity of colour Roeks, valleys, and streams presented a weird and wonderful aspect, under new conditions, where, like Hoffman's shadow less man, every object was lighted up on all sides, equally in the absence of a central point. Scorched, and charred, and burnt, there was not a sign of & tree or shrub on the face of the whole landscape. Scoria and dross and pumice-stone. . Nothing else, save the waters that lay bathed in luminous silvery grey. From the vast panorama our hero turned Ms eyes upOn his companions the vam pires. They had cast the netting of the car aside. 44 Prepare thyself, Mortal," cried Lunar m a terrible voice. ' 44 Prepare myself for what ?" " For header 'into the sea, yonder beneath us," answered the vampire coolly. 44 Good lord ! gentlemen, you really don't think I can dive from" this great height. I shall be dashed to mincemeat, " responded the shenherd in. a tone of consternation. The monsters only laughed at him, and repeated their command. 44 Descend a little lower, good Lunar, do, gentle Dusk," he pleaded. 4tWe can't. This is moonland. Not enough prucihere," they replied. . " Moonland 1 Mercy "oh me, and shall I have to leave ray old bones in the inoon ?" cried the Mortal m despair. " Plenty of 'em here, loads. _ Valleys full, as you'll find. Come, .jump !" " I won't," cried the shepherd in a savage tone, whereupon the monsters caught him in their claws and threw him headlong from the car. The fall was frightful to contemplate, and I'm afrain it will be necessary to allow the peer fellow seven days to recover his equilibrium. (TO BH CONTINUED.) 