Dead and living influence! IS THE CHURCH. Br the Rev. Duncan Fraser. j We have heard of men seeking to bind by testamentary deed the action and course of life of their legatees, in ways sometimes tyrannical, sometimes whimsical and grotesque: and it has been said that we have a parallel to this in churcheB with a polity and formularies of faith comiusr down from men long since mouldered into dust — Calvin. Knox, the J Westminster divines, like " dead kings ruling j from their urns." This is a question of the 1 truth or falsehood, of the accuracy or error, of 1 the wisdom or folly of the men whose lives and I thoughts assert their influence on after age. J It cannot be denied that there are living men I whose grip would be as bad as that j of the worst of men long since dead and buried, and that there are dead men whose grip it would be well for the world never to cast off. Aristotle imposed a yoke on i the intellect of mankind that was only thrown off when Lord Bacon wielded his novum j erganon ; Euclid taught 2,200 years ago, and bis grip will never be relaxed ; but the formality, quiddity, intention, remission, etc., j of the school men were absurdities, while the i elements of geometry are as immovable as the universe. Machiavelli's grip over the miuds of politicians was not more pernicious than is the hold the " Red " Anarchists of to-day have secured over their dupes who employ dynamite and infernal machines. The question, then, of the authority and influence of men is not as to their being dead or I living, but as to the character of their thoughts aud principles. Have not Shakespeare, I Milton, Bunyan, asserted their right to I " grip" the minds of men? and will the world ever throw off their rightful hold ? Do not I their words in each succeeding age exert a I power over the whole world never dreamt of in their day? It was only when they I were laid in their graves that tbeir thoughts began to live. So, too, at the present hour, our dead hero of Khartoum speaks to the consciences of the electors of England with a power which his words, alas, failed to exert over the action of statesmen when be yet lived. What shall I say more? Listen to Henry Rogers in his "Eclipse of Faith." "Upon it (the art of writing) the collective education ot the raoe depends. It is the sole instrument of registering, perpetuating, transmitting thought God has made man's whole career of triumphs dependent upon this same art of writing. The whole progress of the world he has created he has made dependent upon the alphabet." England, I may add, is j removed from us by nearly half the circum- j ference of the globe, but the electric cable enables our minds to think, our hearts to | throb, our hands to act in the same things simultaneously. So when dead men moved their pens they were at the transmitting end of an electric cable of thought which cresses continents and oceans of his tory, while we are at tli8 receiving end, and time and distance are virtually abolished. We honour, then, the men who transmit to us these telegrams, " God alone is Lord of the conscience, and bath left it free from the doctrines and commandments of men which are in anything contrary to His work, or beside it, in matters of faith and worship. . . . Churches are more or less pure, according as the doctrine of the gospel is taught and embraced, ordinances administered, and public worship performed mire or less1 purely in them." My friends, there is a dead man's grip which we all feel and which we all lament, the grip of the old Adam, for by one man came sin into tfie world and death by sin, tbut he believers exclaiming with Paul, a< Oh wretched man that I am, who shall deliver me out of the body of this death?" can also, exclaim, "I thank God through Jesus Christ ! our Lord! " Faith unites us, not to a uead j Jesus who never left the tomb, but to Him who says,! "Fearnot j I am the first and the last and the Living One, and I became dead, and behold I am alive for evermore, and have the keys of death, and of Hades." It is the Church's highest function to call men by the preaching of that gospel, 41 word of the Lord that abidetb for ever," into union with a living Saviour. " Whom say ye that I am ?' was the ques tion which drew from Peter, the spokesman for the other disciples, the confession, 44 Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God and on the rock of this troth the Lord said He would build His churoh, and the gates of Hades should not prevail against it ; that is, the church would be as imperishable and in- I destructible as the truth on which it was founded. The church, then, is grounded and 1 pillared upon the truth of the divine per sonality of the Lord Jesus and his Cbristhood I or Meesiahship. But a pillar, while supported | on a sure foundation, is itself a support. The church founded on this primary and essential truth maintains it, and all the truths the Christ has taught, and all the things he has com- I mandedto be observed. Here, then, we have steadfast and abiding amidst the restless itching for change which is the spirit of our time j 44 Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and to day, yea, and for ever !" Can the Church ever progress in theology in such a sense as to I modify her convictions as to the very truth on I which she iB grounded? The eternal life of men all along through the ages has depended on the receiving and resting upon the God head and the Cbristhood of the Sou of man, Jesus who died for our sins, and rose again for our justification. This is life eternal, to know God and Jesus Christ whom I He hath sent. AmidBt all the conflict of past years, aud the attacks on the Church's | faith, which have been made from within her | own pale and from behind ber own lines, and : by her own office - bearers and professed "adherents " (adherents to what ?), these primary truths are those which the General Assembly has seen fit to emphasize, and to enjoin upon presbyteries to see to it that they are unequivocally held by all who are appointed to office ; and I not only held, but prominently taught I by her ministers. Never can a church j worthy of the name cease to uphold and honour I those truths which directly relate to her j Divine Head, for this is the only way for the I church to be led into all truth, and to go on I unto perfection. Christ as teacher, the Church 1 as disciples, is as real a relationship now as it I was when seated on the Mount of Beatitudes, J or in a Galilean fishing-boat, or in the Passover | guest-chamber at Jerusalem, He spake as never man spake. The church has been taught the heinousneBs and hideousness of Bin, and the need of deliverance from it ; the spirituality of the law of God ; that it has to do with the heart and motives, and not with outward conduct only ; that we must be born again if we v/ould see the kingdom of God ; that Christ is the j lamb of God ; that he laid down His life for His sheep ; that God is love ; that the Holy | Spirit ia the enlightener, comforter, and sanctifier of the soul : that ChriBt is the resurrection aud the life ; that there are many mansions in the Fathers house ; that Ha has gone to prepare a place for His people. All these truths the Church upholds, as well as that development of them w»i eh, inspired by the Holy Ghost, the Apostles have left us in the Epistles aud the Acts. The changing spirit of the ages cannot affect the facts on which the Church's testimony rests ; tho facts of : Christ's adorable person ; of His revela tion of the Father ; of His mighty miracles of mercy, and of His redemptive work in His death, resurrection, and ascension. I Of this truth the Church is the ground and the I pillar, and each single believer is himself a temple ot the Lord ; because Christ lives the believer lives. The church is animated by the presence of her ever-living Lord. In the noble language of Dr. Dykes — "We do not touch our Lord across eighteen centuries. His is no transmitted virtue, like that figment of grace descended through episcopal succession and sacerdotal functions, j which is Baid to filter in a slow and dubious 1 rill from the apostolic to the present age. No ; but the believing spirit of a sinful man to-day stands as elose to the Lord who bought him as did the soul of John the Beloved. Our Lord is not the far-off originator of an impulse whose energy may have by this time been well spent. He is the same to-day to you and me I as yesterday to onr fathers, or to any remote I yesterday ' of Christendom to any j famous saint who loved Him. Of this the holy table, with its real though immaterial presence, abides at once the token and the pledge. He lives along the ages. He touches all of tbem alike. He loses nothing of His force by evaporation or dispersion of it. Lord of life for the heart and sonl, He is filled full with life to-day as much as ever, and has the abundance of it to spend as ungrudgingly upon you as upon apostle, missionary, reformer, or martyr of them all." Thus, my friends, we can near the taunt about the " dead men's grip " unmoved, except by an emotion of pity for those who utter it. It is the union of holy men of old with : the over-living Lord, who is ah»o at this moment our life as well as theirs. It is this that gives there " lives of great men," and the careful formulating of tbeir sanctified thought, a legitimate power over us. I say legitimate, for their appeal ever is to ' the law and to the testimony." We go with them to Him who is our Urim and Thummim as he was theirs, and looking also to our modern en vironment in which He is working as well as he < id in theirs, we are saved from superstitious veneration and bigoted conservatism ; and here I quote again ! appropriate words from the same gifted preacher:— "Christianity is not (as Ilam is) a ; stereotyped and unchangeable system of rites with its rules moulded like cast iron, and its methods in every detail prescribed beforehand, to the wold's end. It is a pliable, adaptable, and spiritual religion, just for this very reason, that it has for the leader of its history, age after age, a living, undecaying person. Because He changes not, therefore He is the source of mobile life, of progress, and of all such change as goes with life to each successive generation. In a sense, He is for ever at work new-making His Church. New light He gives ; new plans He suggests ; new forms Ha finds or makes ; new efforts He inspires ; and while the past remains for ever a growing heritage of instruction, of example, and of encouragement, yet in the living present, and in the men of it, Ha for ever Uvea as the Overseer of our activities, and the Rewarder of our toil !" 