THE DOCTOR'S STORY.- " The power of mind over matter," observed the President of the N. JL Club, " IB something marvellous to imagine, and absolutely stupendous to contemplate. The soul betrays the body, the sword wears out the sheath, the spirit irketh in the flesh; and so the two worlds carry on an internecine war—the world of worlds." The club was silent under this magniloquent, exordium, until the medical student nicknamed "The Ghost," in a sort of musing, muBical, and melancholy tone, remarked :— " I remember a story, Mr. President, so eminently opposite to the great truth you would so strongly inculate, medically metaphysically, psychologically, that will if you please, and to fulfil my duty of the evening, relate it, aod as cloBely in the words of my informant as my memory will serve." The President bowed a general assent; and a rumble of ^patting toes under the table, like a distant roll of kettle' drums, announced the approval and expectations of the. anxious club. " The Ghost" returned the obeisance of the President, and with a grim, mean ing smile to his general colleagues, thus began his story of " THE LIVE COBFSE." There was once on a time,and not very long ago either, a Hedical Club assembled in this city, on an evening like thiB, too and .:Composed of • men, I should t>ay. tqtfally^arSent' and 'anxious for the de Telopment and . progress of everything pertaining to medical science. And it so happened that one of the papers read at a. special meeting of this club was on psychological science, aud the treatment of diseases belonging, to. and connected with aberrations of the mind and hypochondrtcal «xtravagances. i The writer and reader of the paper in question < concluded lis "-remarks by a tumorous description of a patieut in one of the wards of a neighbouring asylum, who was the great pest of the whole establishment. This poor soul took into iiis erratic brain the strange idea that he was dead, and he acted up to his innate notion with a pertinacity that was productive of a thousand annoyances and inconveniences. For instance—when his meals were presented to him, he would Indignantly ask "what, was the use of $oing through the formal absurdity of presenting food to the dead 7" He refused to eat, or drink, or move, or act in any but in that which really was consistent with his own idea of what became <orpse. Consequently, he had to be sustained in the manner usually adapted to persona unable or unwilling to receive nourishment in the ordinary way. The ruling passion, the prevailing impression of his heart and soul, was that lie WMS dead, and the great desire of his defunct existence resolved itself into the perpetual demand to have a respectable funeral, one to be buried speedily and •decently in some consecrated burialground. He could see nothing inconsistent in the power he poeabased to epesk and move, and make all his demands, which Le continued to do incessantly.' On the contrary, he-at last became jocose—.biting, witty and sarcastic—at ie expense of his attendants, and seemed to -take a Bnrl nf jinxt. mnr/rm nnta • contemplation of all the means adopted, sod all-the ruses had recourse to—to prolong tlie existence of a de When the paper was read and con •eluded,; several membersof th6 club made their remarks, and comments and suggestions, until it came to the torn of « tall old Irish army surgeon to address the chair. ' I have seen some such case as that just described,'said the' doctor 'and I have no doubt that if the treatment of the present case was entrusted to me, I would bring it to a successful issue. ' The chance is yours,* replied the reader of the paper, • the asylum and the patient are both at my disposal, and I will be most happy to afford you every facility to exert your skill and patienoe -upon- one - of • the "most refractory and unmanageable cases that I have ever met in a twenty years 1 practice. ' Agreed,' said the surgeon ; when can X see your pet patient!' ' To-morrow.' \- Next day came, and saw Doctor Briscoe at the asylum, and in a few minutes]-no:« in the ward where lay the live corpBe. The poor lunatic was a man about fifty years of age, but looking much older, from unkempt hair and beard, a long sojourn in bed, imperfect sustenance, and the &tiff;, and stretched aud moveless position which he assumed, in order properly to carry out his character and pose as a thoroughly established corpse, * Hullo ! nurse V cried the doctor, as soon as he entered the ward, ' jwhat is the-csase of the devil of a email you have •here !' The corpse grinned. A man-nurse came running at the doctor's call. * It must be from the patient, doctor ; there is nothing else wrong about the ward. The corpse chuckled. ' The patient! Is it this man hero you call the patient ? ' Yes air.' '"Do you mean this insolence as a joke nurse ?' ' No, sir. I beg your pardon. I should be rety sorry.' ' Why this man is dead a month if lie is a day, and is creating stench and -disease though the whole house.' . The corpse laughed outright. ' This is buth ignorance and neglect. X will report it in the proper place without a day's delay.' The corpse leant up on its elbow and looked at the doctor with (he greatest admiration and delight. ' * You are a br-ch, doctor, and - wh man., and only I am dead I would offer you my hand. But .seriously speaking, I believe you aee yourself how these public, establishments are conducted Here am 'X—now a whole month.and more—dead; -—decomposing—putrifying—aad there, are they, tmd'cal resident, tte medi-. cal visitor, the medical .inspector—they and theirs—poking physic down my jaws,, jerking soups into my body, reasoning and arguing,' arid advising "hew plans, watching opportunities, and pursuing a lotof idfo'ic arid fantastic devics—for what 3 To circumvent a co pie V Y<m have been grossly treated,' said the doctor, 'and I will break up this asylum on account of it' ' Do, good doctor,' entreated the corpse; ' but will you now order a nice oak coffin for me and see me decently buried ?' ' Fit see you in an oak flannel-lined, rat-proof coffin, from the woods of Shillelah before the sun sets,' promised the obsequious medicus. ' Ard for my part,' protested the corpse, "' Til remmber your extreme kindness to me as long as I can-' The doctor retired, and the corpse had the intense gratification to hear him order in a stentorian voice, that a coffin be furnished for Ward No. 12, and the burial to take place on the morrow. 