T H A U M A. The Melbourne press representatives were treated to a view at the Waxworks last week ot the newest thing in optical illusions yet seen in this or any other country. " Thauma," as its Greek name imports, is truly a wonder, and even in this prosaic age, when Pepper's ghosts and Maskclyne's and Cook's miracles cxcite but the most languid and momentary interest in the minds of men to whom the whole machinery has been carefully explained, the new invention is positively impressive. An inch board, 3ft. long and lOin. wide, suspended by a double cord from two strong iron hooks, and on this board tbe upper half of an interesting, though somewhat stout young lady. Tbis is " Thauma." A group of spectators stands at a brass railing within 6ft. of this decidedly abbreviated representative of her sex, who talks, laugbf, exchanges mild jokes with you, and tells you that she is quite comfortable, although she looks to the eye precisely like an ordinary bust placed upon an ordinary pedestal, with flesh tints added. Tbe attendant gives the cords a gentie pull and the half-length figure sways gently about, and laughs pleasantly at your look of wonder. It is juat here that the reasoning faculties of the wiser portion of tbe company come into action, and they talk learnedly about lenses, glasses, and optical illusions generally, and equally, of course, it is just at this juncture that the attendant takes a sword and passes it through space immediately under the board and all around the bus!. The sceptics smile, with a smile, too, which plainly means, " Ah, my fine fellow, I know all about thatand in answer to that smile the half young woman calmly grasps the ropes, gently lifts herself, and the inch board is taken away, and you see the bust swinging in mid air. Then the knowing smile disappears from the faces of the 'cute ones, and the laugh is rather on the other side of the house. There is no turning up and down of lights, no arrangements of any kind beyond four strong lamps, which shine full upon tbe figure, ana the audience is quietly left to speculate how the thing is done. It is without doubt the most marvellous piece of deception, and goes to prove how utterly fallacious is the old, the very old-fashioned, notion that "seeing is be* lieviog." 