THE ALLEGED BABEEARMING CASE. '".„ The adjourned inquest on the remains of an infant exhumed at the Woodville Cemetery cn Friday, December 4, was opened by the City Coroner at the Woodville Hotel at 10 o'clock on Monday morning, December 14. Mr. Henry Gartrell was Foreman of the Jury. Inspector Doyle was present on behalf of the police. The enquiry was commenced on the same day the child was exhumed, bnt the evidence then taken has not yet been published, the authorities having for their own reasons prevented it. The evidence of the first witness was then taken as follows :— Georgina Starnes, single woman, residing at Kent Town, deposed to seeing the body of a child in a cofim at the Woodville Cemetery on the afternoon of December 4. Recognised it aB the child of a Mrs. Robinson. Met her on the Semaphore Beach about Tuesday, October 15. That was the first time she saw her. She then had a little boy with her whom she was bathing in the sea, rather roughly it appeared to her. Asked her why Bhe did not give me the chiid, as I was bathing and would have bathed it for her. She thanked me, and told me the child was eighteen months old. Mrs. Robinson overtook me on the way home, and said she did not often make friends, but when she did she was very friendly. She told me that she had come downtothebeachforareBt,andprop9sed that we should bathe together. A fortnight alter I saw her going into her gate. I lived near her „by the water tank. She called to me, and I saw she had two children in a perambulator. One of them was the child I saw her bathing, and the other was the one I saw in the coffin. She seemed altered in her appearance as I thought her faironfirstseeingher, andnowshelookeddark. I said, " How fil your baby looks," meaning the one I saw in the coffin. Mrs. Robinson replied, " She is very ill; she had a fit last Friday morning, 1 think of bathing it in the sea." I begged her not to do that, as it might induce another fit. I proposed to bring bottles of sea water to the house for the child. She thanked me. I asked her how she fed the child, as it looked so ill, and she replied that she fed it out of a " boat" and could not nurse the two children. Did not notice her figure particu larly. Took the bottles of seawater to her, and Bhe said deceased was better. The following Friday night called to ask after the child, and offered to take it and nurse it. She told me the deceased was 5 months old, and I told her I thought it was twelvemonths. Then took the deceased to the beach for about two hours, but before leaving I took it to her and said, " You have not kissed your baby." She replied, "I am not so foolish," bnt did put her face down to the child. Then took deceased to the beach and returned it to Mrs. Robinson, who took it and thanked me. In all my interviews with Mrs. Robinson never thought she showed any attachment towards deceased. Deceased had dark curly hair, and appeared not to have any energy. Mrs. Robinson told me she came from the North. Asked her if Bhe had written to her husband about deceased's illness, and she said, "No, 1 have not sent to him because he IB so sensitive, and fond of the child," She promised me to let him know, how it was. She also said her name Robinson was so common that her letters were frequently opened by others at the Post-Office, and she had requested her husband to write to her under cover of her sister's name. Noticed deceased had beautifnl clothing, and Mrs. Robinson said, "Oh, yes, I like to have nice clothes for the children." Noticed t the little boy's clothes ware not so nice as the deceased's. The mother said she never e took her children out on Sunday,. but thinking deceased wanted fresh air I took it out. The mother was lying u on the bed with the little boy, and deceased was in the perambulator alone. Took deceased for a walk the same afternoon. Mrs. Robinson said on one occasion she thought deceased was going to have a fit, and she slapped it on the ace. She said she had been married twenty years, had had eleven children, and only five were Jiving. She said she left the other three in the country, and that the oldest was 9 years old. She also said if they had lived one would have been 20 years old. The day before deceased died noticed three black marks on its face. They looked like finger marks. Mrs. Robinson said the marks were the result of rubbing deceased's face whilst in a fit. Deceased was insensible that day. The mother said it had had no food for some time. It took food from me. Next day thought deceased was in a dying state, as it was uncos*. ciouB ma lying still, Mr»i .Robinson said she had given it half a SteeamadS powder, and Intended giving it another. By the Foreman—Thought Mrs, Robinson waB much affected at tne loss of the child. By Mrs. Robinson—When I spoke of your treating the child roughly I referred to the boy, and not to the deceased. , The following evidence was taken on Monday:—Sarah Hook, married woman, of the Semaphore,. Baid—Mm. Robinson came to her house on October 27, and asked about two rooms witness had to let. She said she had been staying at Mrs. Warn's for the past fortnight. The woman took the rooms at 12s. er week furnished. Mrs. Robinson had Seceased with her, and said she had another child at home. Asked her where Bhe came from, and she replied from Southport, and added that her husband was a farmer. She had come down for change of air. The previous two years Bhe had stayed at Glenelg for a holiday. Mrs. Robinson took possession of the house on October 28. The following day went to her houBe and saw deceased sitting on the bed. She did not appear to take much interest in the deceased, but the other child seemed to be well attended to. Mrs. Robin - son told witness that the deceased was . months old. Deceased was dressed is superior clothes to those of the boy. Had never noticed her ill-treating the deceased. The house was taken for three months, but she was only there three weeks. Did not receive any rent during that time. About a fortnight after she had been in the house she called witness and told her the baby was ill, and that the doctor had ordered its removal from the Semaphore. By Inspector Doyle- Took particular notice of the two children, who did not appear to be brother and sister. On one occasion thought Mrs. Robinson acted strangely. By the Court—My impression was that she was hardly sane, as after the child's death -she seemed nervous, and referred to ghosts. By Inspector Dovle—Mrs. Robinsen represented herself as the mother of both children, Annie Peters, wife of Peter Peters, miner, of Silverton, deposed—My husband is now at Silverton. He is an Italian. Heard from him a week ago. Deceased was not my child. I don't know whose it was. I adopted it. I know from whom I got it, but not whose child it is. The boy is my own child. I thought I should not have a girl, and I wanted to bring the girl and boy up together as my -own. I obtained the child from a gentleman in Adelaide. Gave him nothing tor it. I do not care to give the gentleman's name, but would rather take all the punishment myself. I took it, asking BO questions, and none were to be asked of me. Obtained the child in '.answer to an advertisement I put 'in the papers. The child was about 13 months old when I got it, and £ had it five or six weeks before it died. Was told •it was 11 months old when I got it. It was Mr. Sinclair, solicitor, of Adelaide, from whom I obtained it. I got it from his office. Mr. Sinclair answeeed my advertisement for a child. When he-gave it me there was another gentleman in (the office. A 'boy saw me in the tram. He 'Carried the clothes, and I went straight to the Semaphore, to Mrs. Warn's. Have no other children. 1 was a stranger there, and to avoid being known I had to tell stories. Have lived at Woodside four years, and advertised for a child to gratify my own pleasure. Hove ohildren. My first husband's name was Mitchell. He was a miner, 'living in Queensland. Had nine children by him. They all died young, and in the vicinity of Gympie. Made no other arrangements here tnan the one with Mr. Sinclair. The child was illegitimate. A woman took it to Mr. Sinclair. Do not know who she was, but it was some one who had been nursing it previously. Told the gentleman Peters was not my true name. Advertised in the name of Alice Price, my siBter in England. After adopting the child went to Btay at the Semaphore, wishing the people at Woodside to <think it was my own. Did not alter my figure before leaving Woodside. Told any friends there I expected to be eonfined about October 16. Am ^uite sure I only .got £2 10s, from the gentleman of whom I obtained the child. Am quite sure it was not hie,as he showed no affection for it. Amsure the gentlemen's name was Mr. Sinclair, and that he was a solicitor. Obtained it from him at an office in Selbome Chambers. Brought it np by hand. Advertised for the little child because I am so fond of children, and wanted a girl. Did not consult my husband about adopting the child, and have not seen him since January 16 last. He sends me money regularly. My only reason for giving the name Kobinson was to keep people from bothering me, and I did not want to be known. The boy in my aims now is my own child. Have been married to Mr. Peters nearly seven years. By the Foreman — After getting the child took the North Adelaide tram to North- terrace, and returned to the Semaphore. Arranged with the gentleman to take the child several days before doing so. By Jurors—My idea in wishing to adopt the child while at the same time I was pregnant is that X suffered a miscarriage. Mr. Sinclair told me that the £210s. was a voluntary gift from the child's father to buy clothing. Think the money was in gold and silver, but am not sure. [At this stage the Coroner remarked upon the serious nature the case had assumed, and instructed a telegram to be sent to Mr. Sinclair, requesting his immediate attendance. | My nuBband sends me about £5 a month. By the Foreman—Did not communicate with Mr. Sinclair when the baby died, as I did not wish to put the parents about. By Inspector Doyle — I don't know when I was last confined, I would rather not say. Was living in Adelaide before going to Woodside. Kept a coffee shop opposite Cohen's Hotel, in Rundle- street. Have not been confined in Woodside within the last four years. Gave up the key of my house at Woodside when I left for Adelaide. By the Coroner—When I received the child it seemed all right, but quiet and sedate. At the Semaphore I put the child'B head under a water-tap, and screamed, thinking it had a fit. Gave the child no medicine. Told the doctor I had put the child's head under a tap, and he said 1 had done right. By Mr. Doyle—A doctor saw the child several times before it died. Did net leave the child in a perambulator outside while 1 laid on the bed. Only gave the child fluid magnesia in addition to the doctor's medicine. The cause of the bruises on the deceased's face was that a lady came in aud rubbed its face with her hand. Her ring must have done it. The deceased never met with an accident. Did not tell Mr. Hook that the boy had caused the bruises. Have only bought turpentine from the chemist. Some was for a lady in the next house, and I rubbed some on the deceased's throat. Gave it fluid magnesia several times a day. The doctor said medicine was of no use to it. Lived in Hindlev-street four or five months with my husband, keeping a restaurant, four or five years ago. Married my present husband somewhere in New South Wales. I don't know where, nearly seven years ago. Had nine children by my first husband, and only one by my present. Decline to say where the child in my lap was born, and would rather not say whether it is my own or not. I am the mother of it now, but decline to say if it was born of me. I decline to say how many children 1 have adopted since I have been in the colony. (The witness later on, being pressedj said she had never adopted any children! in Isew South Wales or Queensland.) Cannot recollect the date of my advertisement for a child, but I got the child about a week after it. Do not know the paper I put it in, and don't remember whether I advertised for a boy or girl. By Inspector Doyle—Gave the deceased rice, milk, and sago and mashed potato. Was born in 1847. Decline to answer whether I advertised for the child on my lap or not. My husband has seen it at Woodside, and I have not seen him Bince January 16 last. It is my own fault that I have not gone to my husband long ago. Have not advertised for other children besides the deceased. [Witness here took a decided stand against answering further questions, and repeated that she would not answer the question as to whether she was the mother of the child on her lap or not. The Coroner remarked to the Jury that he could commit her for contempt of Court if he thought proper, but seeing that she was undefended he would not adopt that course. I Samuel Fancett, Superintendent of the Woodville Cemetery, said he remembered the child, which was ouried under the name of Maria Robinson. Mrs, Peters, he believed, attended the funeral. Mr. DeBlandes was he undertaker. The body was afterwards exhumed for the purpose of a post-mortem xamination. He received the usual certificate for burial. John Dallas, in the employ of J. Deslandes, ndertaker, of Glanville, said he recognised Mrs. Peters as the woman from whom he received instructions to bury the child. She tendered a £5note in payment for the funeral. Thought the deceased was 9 months old. [At this stage Mr. J. Sinclair entered the Court, and on the Coroner's instructions was allowed to peruse the depositions of the witness Peters!] Adelaide Attle, married woman, recognised the witness Peters as Mrs. Robinson. Saw her about October 13, when she had a little boy and girl with her. Recognised the boy in her lap as the one she saw. On October 13 saw her, and asked her what was tbe matter with her child. Mrs. Robinson said she had put it under a tap, as it was unwell. Some neighbours saw it, and recommended a warm bath. Saw it on several occasions, and once Mrs. Robinson told her she was slapping it to bring it out of a fit. She asked witnesB to assist her in bringing it out of a fit. The child was quite limp, and wits?®? <J|d S9t tfeinjg jt w?ul4 recover. Saw a black mark round its neck, and also black marks on its face. Rubbed the child, but was sure her ring did not make the marks. When she left the child last it was not twitching, but quite quiet. Mrs. Robinson said she had given the baby a powder, but asked witness not to tell the doctor. 2\ever saw Mrs Robinson or Peters slap the child, but she never seemed fond of it. When it died witness laid it out, and asked Airs. Robinson if she Bhould let her husband know. She said no, she would rather tell him quietly. Asked her if she would like a lock of the child's hair, and she said no. After its death she would not make any allusion to the funeral. Thought she might have family troubles, and asked her to confide to her, but she would not. She told witness that her husband was in the Noith. Mrs. Robinson appeared not to pay much attention to deceased. It was left to a neighbour and myself. By Mrs. Peters—You did not do all you might for the baby. You did not offer to nurse it. We took all the trouble. Don't remember you sending for the doctor. The marks on the child's face were like fingermarks, or bruises from three fingers. I had only one ring on. Gave you a Steedman's powder when the baby was first ill. My ring could not make the marks. William James Lockyer Sinclair, solicitor, said he recognised Mrs. Peters as Mrs. Alice Price. Was consulted on October 13 by a client with reference to an advertisement in the Register for adopting a baby. I wrote the following letter, dated October 13, in reply to the advertisement:—" Mrs. Alice Price, G.PO., Adelaide, Dear Madam—Referring to your advertisement in this morning's paper in which you express a desire to adopt a baby, a client of mine has consulted me, and if you will give me further particulars as to your wishes I think an arrangement can be arrived at between yourself and my client. The child in this case is, I am informed, a fine healthy little girl of 9 or 10 months old. —Yours, &c.;, W. J. L. SnrcLAiB." Mrs. Peters, now in Court, waited upon me. She told me that she was a widow, and came from New Zealand. She said she was fond of children, and wished to adopt a little girl. Asked her if she had advertised in her proper name, and ehe -said she had not. I asked her her proper name. She asked me if the child was mine, and I said it was not. She then asked who were the parents, and I said I could not disclose names. She then said she would sot disclose her name. I enquired as to her circumstances, and she said she was an independent widow. The only thing she required with the child was a complete wardrobe. I consulted my client, and he agreed that the child should be adopted by Mrs. Price. I wrote again, as followsOctober 15. Mrs. Price, G.P.O., Adelaide. Dear Madam—Will you kindly call and see me either this afternoon or early to morrow [morning ?—Yours faithfully, W. J. L. SESCLAIR.' On the Friday she came to me again, when ehe 1 had about 100 letters in reply to her advertisement. She read a great number in my office. Told her that she could see the child, and that I was instructed that it was healthy. The child was brought to my office, and she saw it there. She approved of it, and arranged to take it with her. She said she was starting for New Zealand the following week, and that she had no children of her own. I told her that a list of the wardrobe would' be supplied with the child, and, if incomplete, money to buy more would be given. Again asked her her name, and she again asked for the name of the child's father. Told her I could not give it, and she withheld hers. Arranged to communicate with -her on her arrival in New Zealand, and she promised to let me know how it progressed. This was on a Monday. On the Wednesday following the child was handed over with a portmanteau of clothes. A list of clothes was read over, aud Mrs. Price said it was insufficient. She would want some warm clothes for the voyage. Asked her what money would suffice, and she said £3 10s. Enow I gave per £3 10s. My office-boy carried tiie .portmanteau to the train, and I have not seen the woman again till now. She promised to communicate with me directly she got to New Zealand. I came here in consequence of the telegram from the Coroner. By. Mrs. Peters—Am under the impression I gave you £3 10s., but will not swear it. We arranged distinctly to communicate about the child, but that no names should be disclosed. Asked you for a receipt for the money, but roa refused to give it. By Inspector Doylerequest that the Coroner will allow me to refuse answering questions as to the child's parentage at present. If I am protected by the law from doing so I think it is my duty to my client. Augusta Sophia Byerlee, married woman, said she remembered seeing Mrs. Peters at the Semaphore, but knew her as Mrs. Robinson. Saw the body of the child exhumed! at the cemetery. It was the same Mrs. Robinson had. On October 30 she called out "Will any one come to me? I think my baby is dying." I went to see it, and it was calm, not twitching. Suggested a warm bath, and that Dr. Wylde should be sent for. Dr. Wylde came, eaid the child was teething, and prescribed for it. On sending to enquire after it was told it was better. Saw the child on the Wednesday, and was told' that it had a fit, and was dying. Mrs. Robinson said she thought she had killed it through putting it under a tap. Witness had never seen children in fits like deceased had, but had seen them in convulsions. Had never seen Mrs. Robineon ill-treat the child. Emma Warn, married woman, said she knew Mrs. Peters, who gave the name of Robertson. She took two rooms at my house, next the Semaphore Institute, aud paid 15s. per week. She said she had two children, a boy 15 months old and a girl 1 month old. She afterwards said she did not remember her baby's age. She left that in town, but afterwards brought it down. She always eeemed kind to the children. By Inspector Doyle—She told me that her husband was a farmer in the Far North, and that Bhe had been staving at the Coffee Palace. She put the children to bed and left them frequently, which I thought strange. The baby s arms were bent back, and Mrs. Robertson used to tie them forwara. The child I saw in the coffin is the one that was at my house. William Thomas Hook, residing at the Semaphore, said he remembered Mrs. Robinson, who took one of his houses about October 28. Called her attention to black marks on the child's face, and she said her little boy had knocked it down, and was crnel to it. It appeared to me that the child had been squeezed with the finger and thumb. Understood that Mrs. Robinson's husband lived at Southport, in the Northern Territory. Have children of my own, and do not think its death was caused by convulsions. It appeared to have something m its Btomach which it was anxious to throw up. After death ite breast was swollen up to its chin. Robert Iracey Wvlde, surgeon, of the Semaphore, said he was called by Mrs. Robinson on October 30 to see her child. Went at once, and Mrs. Robinson told him that her husband was a farmer at Kapunda. The child was not in convulsions when he saw it, but seemed like a child who had had them. Did not tell her to put the child's head under a tap, but to apply cold water to the head. Mext day heard it was better. Saw it again on November 1, and found it unconscious, and apparently suffering from inflammation of the brain. The two upper teeth were near the surface, and I lanced the gum. Mrs. Robinson seemed troubled about the child. Mrs. Byerlee chiefly attended to it. Saw it several times after, when it was unconscious and convulsed, and this continued till its death on November 13\. Its age was represented to me as 5 months, but I thought it older. Gave a certificate of death, assigningteething, irritation of the brain, and convulsions. Saw nothing unnatural in the child's arms. Do not think putting the child's head under the tap would do harm. I agree with it. By Mrs. Robinson—I think everything was done for the child, but by the other people. Cannot say whether it was given medicine other than that I prescribed. If Steedman's powders were given with my medicine they might have done harm. lhe Coroner said some very queer evidence had been elicited and he could not close the enquiry that day. Dr. Corbin and Professor Rennie had yet to be examined, and possibly others. The inquest would be adjourned till 2 p.m. on Thursday next. On the application of Inspector Doyle, the witness Peters, alias Robinson, was ordered into custody. 