GENERAL NEWS. Improvements at NAIRNE.—The proprietor of the Millers' Arms Hotel, Nairne, has recently completed the erection of extensive additions to the building, and the accommodation now given is in accordance with the requirements of the town. The improvements comprise a very large and lofty dining room on the ground floor, and five lofty well-ventilated bedrooms and a bath room on the first floor. Two bedrooms have also been added at the rear of the building, and roomy storehouses and sheds have been provided for the convenience of the servants. The old portion of the building has been thoroughly renovated, and alterations have been made where necessary to increase the comfort of the public. The total outlay in new-buildings has been £550, while the landlord has spent £200 extra in re-arrangement and repairs. The accommodation provided includes 10 bedrooms, a bed and sitting room combined, a drawingroom, balcony, bath room and linen closets on the front floor; and bar, bar parlor, commercial room, bagatelle and taproom, diningroom, kitchen, wash-house, two bedrooms, a wide verandah, dairy, and numerous sheds on the ground floor. The furniture of the house is all handsome and well appointed, and the general aspect of the place is comfortable and homelike. There is a large kitchen garden in connection with the establishment, and this supplies all the vegetables required; while a farm, piggery, and poultry yard supply all the milk, butter, and eggs, and much of the meat consumed in the hotel. A plentiful supply of water for irrigation purposes is obtained by means of a pump worked by Dunn & Co.'s engine and connected with the creek, while by means of raised tanks an abundance of rain water is forced to positions where it will be most handy for domestic use. The hotel as regards size, internal arrangement of rooms and furniture, and general management is in every respect worthy to be classed with the best country house in the colony. AN INTERESTING VERDICT. — The Mount Barker Courthouse was crowded on Tuesday last by persons eager to listen to the evidence brought by Messrs. Chapman, Mullins, Brown, and Paull for the purpose/of upsetting the recent elections for the Nairne District Council. The cases were .placed half-way down the cause-list but, by con- sent of the Court, they were taken first, and the hearings lasted from 10 o'clock until dinner time. The opening suit was that in which Mr. Chapman challenged the validity of Mr. Timmins' election for No. 1 (South Nairne) Ward, and it was stubbornly fought out by both sides. Mr. W. Symon appeared for the sitting Councillor and Mr. von Doussa for the informant, and the only witness examined was Mr. W. A. W. Carr, clerk of the Council. The iegal arguments occupied far more time than the evidence, and much interesting speculation concerning the " intent and meaning " of the District Councils' Act wa6 given by each lawyer. Eventually the Court upset the election because of the non-complianee with several formalities, and the decision was received with applause by many of the auditory. The cases against Messrs. Gale, Werner, Downing, and Wooley were all taken together and, as the Counsel for the defence virtually abandoned his pleas, very short work was made of them. The first action occupied nearly two hours ; the last, in which larger issues were involved, barely took thirty minutes. When the decision was given onlookers were again boisterous in their expres- sions of approval, and the officers of the Court had once more to simulate indignation. Mr. Symon gave notice of an appeal direct to the Supreme Court, and its progress and issue — if it is persisted in — will, be watched with much interest. Woodside.—Under date February llt-h, our Woodside correspondent writes >—A capital en tertainment was given in the Institute Hall on Friday evening last, by the children attending the Woodside school. Dr. Esau was to have taken the chair, but as he was absent Mr. E. i Caldwell, M.P., took his place, and in a few con- i gratulatory remarks iutroduced the programme | which consisted of choruses, songs, recitations, I marches, rifle drill, and ealisthenic exercises. ! Messrs. Eddy and Thomas contributed a cornet duet, and the Misses Maud and Lily Davis (little visitors from the city) played several nice accom paniments and solos. The singing of Mr. W. J. Kenneuy, the brother of our schoolmaster, was much admired. Miss A. Halslead was responsible for one or two overtures. The children through out acquitted themselves in a highly creditable manner, showing careful training ou tiie part of j their teachers (Mr. Kennedy. Miss Cook, and Miss Johns). The building was crowded, and good order was maintained during the evening. The proceeds are to be devoted to prize money and providing a picnic for the youngsters near Easter time. A number of rewards were -distri buted by the chairman who announced that it was the intention of the Board of Advice to give an award to the boy and givl in each school in the district who made most progress during the current year. It would be well were other Boards of Advice to follow this example. Favorable reports.continue to come from the Mines; other local matters are in much the same condition as they were a week or two ago. Some violent changes have taken place in the weather, and indications of rain are again beginning to work up from the North'West. Last evening, about" 9 o'clock, a meteor of unusual size and brightness was observed on the "Western sky, a few clouds came between the body and your correspondent or else a better description might have been given of a phenomenon which, under more favor able circumstances, must have made a grand display. Biliiabd Match.—A billiard match was played at the Mount Barker Hotel on Friday evening, between Mr. J. Hill, of Adelaide, and Mr. R. Hill, of Mount Barker. The game was 750 up, and play was appointed to begin at 7.30, but it was nearly 8 before the Mount Barker man opened proceedings by giving a miss in baulk. His opponent followed suit, and then the local champion ran up a break of 13, .following with 7 and-21 in his next two attempts. Play here became monotonous for some time, and then the metropolitan made 16 and "12, and realised the first ICO by a break of 26, his opponent's score then standing at 75. Again a period of slow play intervened, and It. Hill passed the century with a break of 12 while the other score stood at 106. The Mount Barker man put on the next hundred more quickly, and it included breaks of 36, 21, and 15, the totals standing—It. Hill, 200; J. Hill, 148. From this point the Adelaide man began to drop behind for, after making 29, by a; splendid break of 52 the little one raised his.' score from"274 to 326, while his opponent's total remained at 176. J. Hill set to work, and after bringing up 200 by a break of 24- scored 15,17, 16, 16, and 14 in rapid succession, while E. Hill reDlied frith 22, 35, and 10, the scores at the adjournment hour standing—E. Hill, 419 ; J. Hill, 306. On resuming, play was very slow for some time, and 29 made by the citizen and 10 by the country man were the only double figures in fifty-six shots; the latter, however, passed 500 with a lead of 103 ; oomplcd the sixth century 145 in advance ; and reached 700 while his opponent lagged far behind at 536. _ The winning stroke was made at ll. 14, the scores then being 750 to 561. The game (exclusive or adjournment) occupied just three iiours. The winner's largest breaks were 21, 36, 21, 29, 52, 22, 35, 23, and 22, while the Loser made 26, 24, 29, and 25. A good, deal of interest was taken in the game, and each good stroke met with befitting applause. Induction Service.—On Wednesday evening last the Eev. John Wellington Owen, 13.A., was formerly inducted into the incumbency of Christ Church," Mount Barker, by Archdeacon Marryat. There was a good attendance, and much interest was manifested in the proceedings. A~* shortened form of evening prayer was used, the Psalm being the cxxiij and the lesson John x to verse 19. After the third collect the Ber J. W. Gower presented the Incumbent-elect" to the Archdeacon, and the Bishop's license was read by the Eev. W. J. Busseli. Sir. A. C. Daw, senior warden, then delivered the keys of the Church, and acknowledged the spiritual authority of the Incumbent who replied—" I John Wellington Owen receive the Leys of the House of God at your hands as a pledge of my institution and of your parochial recognition, and pray God I may be a faithful shepherd over you. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, Amen." After the recital of a collect, and the Lord's Prayer, the Archdeacon presented a Bible and-Book of Common Prayer to the Incumbent exhorting hira to make them the rule of Lis Conduct in dispensing the Divine Word, in leading the devotions of the people, and in rightly administering the sacraments, and exhorted him in all things to be a pattern to the flock committed to his care. The sermon was then preached by the Archdeacon who said it was a matter for congratulation when a good man of any trade or profession settled in a place, whila the arrival and settlement of a devout clergyman was a special cause for. rejoicing. A clergyman should be diligent -in order to understand the message which he had to proclaim to his people ; he should so order his own household that it might be an example of quietness and peace to the Church. He came to fulfil the will of God and there could he no higher office than that of His Ambassador. There was something interest-, ing in the entrance into a new cure and the for mation of a uew parish, for both gave sighs of vitality and progress. The association between clergymen and people was something more than a mere financial agreement between mister and servant." It was not the sole duty of the clergy man to please or to become popular. A conscien tious-minister would feel that it was a small thing to be praised or* blamed - by man. " To be popular often meant to be unprincipled. A - clergyman should speak truth. He should reprove, rebuke, exhort, in all long suffering and patience. It was often easier for the congrega tion to attack the preacher than to amend their lives. It was the clergyman's duty also to com fort and advise, but there was often rather too little than too much "hf rebuke. The people should bear in mind that they are all members of a body, of which Christ is the head, and should ever be willing to assist His work either as Sunday-school teachers, in the choir, as lay readers, or in other spheres where they thought they could be useful. They had done well to get an Incumbent. They must do what they could by united effort to assist him so that, the work of Christ might be carried on and com pleted. STONE RESERVE.—Tbe following are the boundaries of a stone reserve Gazetted last week as having been placed under the control and management of the Stirling District Council.— "Commencing at the south-west corner of section 427, hundred of ifoarlunga; thence easterly along the said boundary of the said section for 2,023 links; thence southerly at right angles for 934 links; thence south-westerly at an angle of 131 degrees 26 minutes for 1,037 links; thence west south-westerly at an angle of 153 degrees, for 1,162 links to the north-east side of road south west of section 438; thence north-westerly along said side of road for 92 links, and nort herly along the east side of road east of section 426 for 1,893 links, to the point of commencement. A Coffee Paiace.—The success of the Coffee Palace movement in Melbourne and Sydney has induced many efforts at. imitation in Adelaide, but, until recently, none have succeeded. It, appears however as if. the Company who are carrying on operations in a large building in Hindley Street—-just below the Theatre Royal on the opposite side of the road—have hit upon tbe right system for securing the patronage and the good opinion of the public. Three months ago they took over the business of a moribund institution and in their hands it has revived and grown very rapidly. The Dining Room is always very well filled and the bedrooms are occupied almost continuously. The tariff for meals is very low and it cannot be denied that in quantity and quality the food given is very good. Four courses are offered, viz.:— soup, meat, pastry, and tea, coffee, or cordials; and any three of these may be had for a shilling. The Dining Room is large, lofty, and well venti- lated ; its appointments are clean and. wholesome; and the attendance is. all that can be desired. There are 42 bedrooms in the establishment, and last month over 2,000 people were accommodated.. Some of the rooms contain beds for two or three persons, but there are many single rooms, and the charges in each case are fair -and reason- able. Beside the bedrooms and large dining room, the " Palace" contains a ladies' room with private entrance, smoking- room, a large sitting and reading room on the first floor, five bath- rooms, a lavatory and all necessary facilities for kitchen, laundry, and other purposes. A night porter is in attendance to let in such of the boarders as keep late hours, or to give admittance to belated travellers. The institution is conducted on strictly temperance principles, and the utmost pains are taken to insiire the comfort, quiet, and convenience both of casual and regular customers. There is no doubt that there is ample room in Adelaide for the Institution which we have des- cribed and doubtless it will meet with much support from temperance people, visitors from the country, and others who appreciate peace and quietness. Criminal Sittings.—The next Criminal Sit- tings of the Adelaide Supreme Court begin on Tuesday February 17th, 1885. and the charge sheet published iu last- week's Government Gaz- ette ccontains fifty-one cases. These include nine cases of rape and indecent assaults, twenty-one of robbery in various forms, one attempt to murder, and several assault cases. The following are the dates set down for the hearing of the undermen tioned cases.—Alfred Henry Mumme, once bank manager at Woodside, (in gaol) committed at Gawler for larceny by a servant, and Thomas Wallace and James Morris (on bail) committed at Wellington for stealing from the person will be tried on Tuesday February 17th; Arthur Edward Lundie (on bail) committed at Port Adelaide for outraging Miss Rose, and John Quin (in gaol) committed at Mannum for false preten- ces, will be tried on Thursday, February 19th; Henry Thomas Sowerby, (in gaol) committed at Nairne for horse-stealing, wiu be tried on Friday February 20th ; Robert William Saint, (on bail) committed at Mount Barker for arson, will be tried on Wednesday February 25th; and Freder- ick William Slaer, (in gaol) committed at Adel- aide for arson, will be tried on Thursday Febru- ary 26th. . Advertising.—Mgles gives the following samples of this art in last week's Australasian:— "There is a juvenile friend of mine who justly regards himself as. a benefactor of the human, race from the high quality of the British-' beei-. which he imports. He -dispenses- the - product of a ' new brewery ' whicii was ' established in 1774!' His intimations to the public liaye an attractive ness of their own through his quaiiit 'application of • quotations from the older poets. For instance:— "A quart of ale is a dish for a kiotr." . —5hake.spka.ke ; " Winter's Tate." " Balm of my cares, tweet silice f my toils. Hail! juice benignant "—T Wahtoh. But a still more remarkable advertiser is Mr. Z. S.; bee-keepor, who lias issiied a broad-sheet, which combines-information, about bees, hives, honey in the comb, honey .which, is liot honey, the use of honey in jamrmaking, A story of a woman who.-made a cwt^ out of 241b. of pure honey, and who was not found out, his own sales^j of nearly £1,000 worth of honey in four years, <h:- colour.? of honey. viz., groan from vineilowers. clear from vote oinrer, yellow from dandelion, black from Wimiaera pine tree blossom, and red from ilalk-e flosrer. ' Honsy,' says this enthusi ast. ; gently op?ns iba pore? of tlie skin, arid bees wax is the mildest astringent, so there is no cause for fear for children eating the comb of honey-comb, as the one counteracts the other.* Mr. Z. S. uivocates co-operation iu the honey comb traic. and thereon bursts into verse thus:— , " We s?:-k thei- 5 v.d. they give us wealth ; we prize I'-ieir stores to get their D-ilf, Prop's -eck u? to pjesse tb-ir self; They Sad it to be—for their health." On the bee-question he is more prolific than Dr. . Waits, for he has fourteen more stanzas-! " 