m lina in«, TUE.<DVV, OCTOBER C, 1885. Till: POIilllCM. SITUATION "Without q>ie-iiou, ih«- coup of the G-.«vt<rn ment, in proroguing Parliament prior to dissolut¡ ni in a proper act. It waa pretty Well evident from the opening ef the senñoii that no business could be done. Thf OBJority behind Ministers wusnota maiorilv that would work in the sense of bearing down by force of numbers, and endurance, and a determination to legislate, an obstruc- tive Opposition. Every day that Parliament | Gat gave evidence of the inefficiency for \-- useful purposes of the Assembly. The country fcaB been scandulised by the debates of the session ; the earB of all the people would continue to tingle if the BesBion had "been prolonged. And no one good purpose would have been Berved. The spectacle of a Parliament in which the Government had a nominal majority hope- lessly paralysed, would 'hare degraded our political institutions to a lower deep than load-and-bridge membership had degraded them. -We have no desire, however, to con- demn the Assembly, vrithout qualification. Our Parliaments are what the people make them, ^ind the people act under the atrese -of immediate everyday csnditionB. But it is possible for the peopl« to look ahead, and looking ahead, they may change their con- ditions. Every general election yieldu an opportunity, and here once again i« the opportunity presented to them. So that the impending dissolution, good for the Parlia- ment which could not wor k, is good also for the country. And a genetral ele;tion can be concluded in time for the Hauses to meet, if circumstances favor, and grant supply for nert year. I There is indeed an aspect of the situation, which emphasises anew one of the defects of responsible government. We hear of a proposed re-construction of the Adminis tration. That is a course as prudent alike in the interests of the country and of the Government as -the dissolution itself. A main excuse for delay in calling Parliament together waa tbni the Premier was ill and unable to meet the strain of public duty. It wee a good excuse,^f there were not a higher duty oweii by the Premier to his colleagues and by the>m to him-namely, the obligation to further that work for which Ministries and Parliaments .exist. And, that be- ing so, it io obvious that recon- struction comes somewhat late. It it« true if a rec onstruetod Government had-met the Ansombly in May or June, the Opposition might-have found ample means for discredit- ing it and ham poring progress. Yet tbeijus tification for reconstruction would be the for- mation a£ a strong Government,-Btrong physically and otherwise - and a strong Government means a Government effective for work. But the Government that has posed before the country during the last few weeks has baen unquestionably not strong It was diligent, its meaning was good ; and, even if some cynic nhould.gay that the bulky measures prepared were framed less with an eye to immediate legislation than to the appeal to the country, a G overnment which goes to the country with a specific programme of projected législation is bound by the electoral verdict, and committed to the re- demption of pledges practically thus made What prospect have we, however ? This, namely, --that the 'Government which is re- curring te the electorate will be essentially a body diverea from that which has conducted the affairs of New South Wales since the last general election. The Government which ought to receive praise or blame according to desert, will be no more. It cannot be punished ; it .cannot be encouraged. The necessities of the case demand re-construction But the power of the country to reeent re- construction delayed will be shortened, al- though tSiftt policy of delay may well b® con- sidered an <sffence. The Government, by alter- ing its composition, will pat itself beyond the full influence upon administrative a^which the ultimate tribunal comprised in our political sysfesn should exert. The Govern- ment of Sir Alexander fltuarfc, «re may put it, evades responsibility by giving np the ghost Suicide is doubtless the duty of the hour, but thus it ás that in our plan of government the worker of much mischief may escape the penalty <kie for misdeed. It is true the electorate is not left wholly without an, opening to mark its sense of ministerial c&ortcomings; or deservings. A re-consfcrucied Government implies the new adjustment/ of existing materials, with soae additions. The country, if it think tbe present Government worthy of censure, can punish Buch of its members .is remain within reach of the whip. Sir Alexander Stuart we are told, will not endanger h w chancea of longer life by retaining the Prea'u'ß'sbip, and Mr Dalley will also retire. But ,*&e; other Minis- ters will remain, and portfolios be parcelled on a fresh syotsm. The new Ji'úüistry will come before the country with a po ^*"CJ» and will deserve a hearing. But those of ù''« mem- bers who now hold office cannot throw' ÔA° their identity with the members of the A ^ i ministration which the new body will hav¡- I replaced. The policy set forth may be at- j tractive and commendable, but if the will of the country be to punish Ministers within the scope qf censure, their policy will not save them. The situation is not devoid of difficulty, but electors are presumed to exercise a de-1 liberate choice. They can guess the alterna- ; tire, and the present ia their opportunity. 11 I if construction '" '"« (lo'irn u¿n' will r< i'ly depend on thn uonntitution of the Wembly, and th# constitution of thf Aasem b'V is a matter solely within the power of the electors. 