CHAPTER XXXV. That night Karol was startled by hearing an unfamiliar footstep in the vestibule of the library. He listened intently for a moment, and then went to see who was wandering there so late. There was no visible sign of any visitor to the library. "I might have thought it was aghoBt," said the old man to himself, " bnt no; it was not that. It was a woman's step." He heard nothing more, however, until the next night, when the same sound fell on his ear. This made him uneasy. _ Who had taken to walking like a ghost at night ? It was Miralda who, fired by a new idea, ; passed all the dark hours in her private writing-room. Karol would have enjoyed it if he could have seen her at her midnight occupation, for he always called her an old witcn. She looked like one, indeed, alone in this room of hers, stealthily moving about, or sitting in silence for long periods watching what she had set in motion. She had brought out from her secret cupboard things which had laiD in peace there for years. On her writing-table stood a silver spirit-lamp, burning with a steady and brilliant flame. Within the silver biowl, which the clear flame dulled and tarnished with its heat, she steeped her most precious herbB, and pro duced myBterious results, of which the pur poses were known only to herself and the gipsies from whom she had learned the art. It pleased her to brood over her witcheB' cauldron; it brought back the fancied sense of unlimited power which had been the greatest charm of life to her. On a certain night, when the spell was \- ready for completion, she would have to light a fire npon her hearth; to spill the liquor which she had composed upon the . heated stone. and while the vapour rose to tnrust into tne nre a living aove. Ana sne believed that if her work was done rightly Demetri would at that moment enter the house and come to the room in which ehe was. If he was dead his spirit would appear to her. And odd as it may seem, this was the part of the ordeal which she dreaded. Worldly, world-worn, shrewd, and cruel, yet she was intensely superstitious. Her blood grew chill at the thought that perhaps some ill-chance might have come to Demetri, and instead of his living form at her door, his ghost might rise upon her hearth! But still she was courageous, and deter Mieed to persevere. Night after night she stole softly down, when all the house was at rest, ana admitted herself to her room of secrets. All her papers, her letters, her most precious possessions were here, though none of the servants, not even Anuca, knew where they were kept. There was a deep secret cupboard in the wall of the room, shut in by a slender partition which closed by a spring. The inBide of this was fitted with shelves and drawers; and here Miralda kept old love letters, secrets of State, Ministerial in structions, herbs from the Carpathian moun tains, and many charms and strange things. It was like a little druggist's shop at one side—bottles and phials were ranged in admirable order. They contained a choice collection of poisons, some narcotics, and other drugs which Miralda credited with more marvellous properties. This secret store-room was separated from the library by another slight partition opened by a spring which was within it. Miralda had had this arrangement made long ago, when she was in possession of im portant papers. If danger threatened her, she had this private mode of escape, and could snatch up her secrets and get away through the library. More tbau once she had left the house at night, through the windows of the library, no one but herself knowing why she did so. The thin doorway of her cupboard was covered, on the library side, by an enormous hanging of tapestry; and none, even of the servants, suspected its existence. There were no guests in the chateau now, and Zadwiga very seldom came into the salon after dinner. So that Miralda had little to interest her hut the working of her ■ spells; and each night she put away her half-finished altar cloth a little earlier in \- order to go down to her room. It was always very quiet and still there. She supposed Zadwiga went early to bed. She succeeded in eluding harol's vigilance, for she always stole down in the dark, slipping from shadow to shadow like an uneasy spirit. une night when sue naa crept sottiy into the cupboard of her room, she was arrested by hearing a sound. She remained perfectly still, and listened. It was a sound ot bitter . sobbing. "Hush, hush," said a voice, very low, " dear little Ma'amselle, let me help you to your room." " I cannot, cannot Karol! Sometimes I think I can never crosB this room aeain. It seems to burn my feet! 0, Karol, I shall not be able to bear this long." " Be coura geous. Come, rise, and go to your room." "Karol," said Zadwiga, "do you think I might ask Miralda to let me change our rooms ?" " Ah!" cried Karol in a tone of despair. " Would you rouse her suspicions! Sign your death warrant at once." Zadwiga's answer was to break out into a sobbing which was terrible—not passionate, but sad and helpless, like the sobbing of a terrified child. They had spoken in the lowest tones, but Miralaa had quickly put her ear to the par tition. And they were very near it, for Zadwiga had fallen on her knees just inside the library door. Presently a sort of spasm seemed to take away Zadwiga's very breath, and she stopped sobbing. Miralda remained motion less, listening intently. She began to think Zadwiga must have fainted, when she heard her speak again, in a very low, and trembling voice. "Karol," she said, "I don't believe in ghosts—but I tell you 1 never enter here without seeing him again, with the blood on bis white coat. Oh, it was an awful sight I Karol, it will drive me mad, at last!" " Little lady," said Karol anxiously, " re member in this houBe the walls have ears. I have an idea some one is watching us. 1 hear a sound sometimes at night—a foot step !" "Perhaps it is his!" whispered Zadwiga, in a tone of intense excitement, " the murdered never lie still, they say. 0, Karol, what will become of me! The sobbing came back again, with a sound in it that showed nearly all her strength was gone. Karol, alarmed at the state she was in, now resolutely stooped and lifted her up. She hid her face on his shoulder and clung to him. In this way he succeeded in getting ber to her room. Miralda did not light her spirit lamp that night. She went away through the corridor before Karol came hack; and when she reached her own apartments, sat down to think. 