A Story of the Goldfields. I was always fond of the science of physi ognomy. From my youth up I was noted for my proclivity for reading the character of a man by his face; and I finally became such an adept in the art that I could occasionally guess the very thoughts of the individual whose countenance I was studying. Soon after the gold fever broke out I went to Call fornia; and there, I must confess, among what else there was to interest me, I had a grand opportunity for exercising my skill upon all sorts of faces, seen under all sorts of circumstances, from the highest triumph of success to the deepest despair of failure. I first tried my luck at digging gold myself: but soon tired of that, and, believing that I could make money faster and with less labor, I opened a kind of grocery and 1.rovision shop, disposing of my wares at a fair advance to miners and others. My shop consisted of a rude skeleton of poles, with a sufficiency of cheap muslin drawn over them and pinned down to the earth, and was stocked only with the most saleable articles-of which flour, pork, and whisky found the most ready market-especially whisky. In the dry sea son it was very dusty, and everybody seemed to be dry with a thirst that mere water would not quench. If a man was successful he wanted whisky to bring his body up to the altitude of his spirits; if unsuccessful, he wanted whisky to bring his spirits up to the altitude of his body ; if it chanced to be alittle cool, he wanted whisky to warm him; he needed whisky in the morning to make him bright and active; he needed whisky at night to rest him and make him sleep well; he wanted it when he bought and when he sold ; when he won and when he lost; when he stood up and when he sat down ; in short, whisky was the great regulator of all human feeling-the genuine edizir viea-and conse quently I did an immense business in whisky. Now this, though somewhat irrelevant, FAIR MARGARET. brings me to my story. One day a man came in quietly, unobtrusively, purchased a quan tity of flour, pork, and tea, paid for the same in gold dust, and went about his business. He repeated his visits at different intervals, perhaps some half-dozen times before he attracted my attention to anything peculiar in his appearance, and then I should have been at a loss to say what I saw more in him at last than I had at first. He was apparently about twenty-five years of age. of medium height and slender figure, of a dark complexion. regular features, with dark, straight hair, dark eyes, and a heard that covered the lower part of his face-in all of which there was nothing remarkable-noth ing striking. He was quiet, not talkative had nothing to say except about the business he came on-got what lhe wanted when I was disengaged, paid for what he got like a gentleman, and generally retired with an ordinary '" Good day," or some similar civility. And yet, as I have said, he began to attract my attention at last, and I began to wonder why. Was it because he was so quiet, reserved, and gentlemanly, and did not purchase whisky like the rest and oc casionally get excited and boisterous ? or w.as it because there was something about him I could not really fathom! At all events, he, had begun to interest me in some way. He had a hard stony look about the eyes, and a mysterious manner that made it very hard for any one to read his character. I ewas al ways puczling myself as to where I had seen him before. I had some conversation with him one evening, and I found him perfectly childish in one particular. I also found out that the man hatd been wearing an impene trable mask. I now had the key to the mystery and to him, and I used it. He wsas interested in superstitions-he was super stitious himself. Why? Good men may be supenrtitious ; bad men always are, because they carry a world of wild fancies with them. Thus it was with this man, as I could see by his eye, and I made his fancies work upon him. I told him stories of sorcery, witch craft, and magic, of ghosts, and hobgoblins, till he became pale with fear, breathed with compressed lips and trembled in spite of his great nerve and will. But let me hasten to the denouement. It chanced that no other person was present when this conversation occurred about the superstitions fancies of men, and as soon as we were interrupted by the entrance of an other customer my dark visitor left some what abruptly. After that he did not cme as often as before, and never seemed as much at ease, and never renewed the conversation that had so agitated him, and never, in fact, entered into any other that he could possibly avoid. I kept my thoughts to myself, but made some casual enquiries about him, and learned that he had been so fortunate as to secure a capital "lead," from which, with his partner, another young man, :he was tak ing out gold in quantities that promised to enrich both, and that both had the goodwill and esteem of all who knew them. One dark night, about three or four weeks after this, I was startled from my sleep by wild, prolonged shrieks and criesof "'Mur. der ! murder I help I. help !" I jumped up, seized my revolvers, and darted out into the open air. The cries and screams still con tinued, coming from a point on the bend of the river a hundred rods below. In a minute I was joined by five others, all well-armed, and together we ran as hard as we could to the place from which the alarm proceeded. When we arrived there at least thirty men were collected in and around the tent of the dark man I have been describing, and he himself it was who had given the alarm. His partner and companion had been murdered and robbed, and he himself had been slightly cut across the face and gashed on the left arm, and he was all excitement, lamenting his dearest friend, and vowing vengeance against the assassin. It was some time before we could get at the particulars, and then we learned that both had been sleeping side by side, when an unknown robber had crawled under the light canvas, stabbed one to the heart, and taken a large bag of gold from under his head. With this he was escaping, when the present narrator awoke and seized him, and received the wounds which had compelled him to relinquish his hold. I shall make no attempt to portray the in tense excitement, the wild rage and conster nation, which this daring murder occasioned. Every man felt that, if the assassin escaped without his just punishment, there would no longer be security for any one in our hitherto quiet and peaceful valley, and solemn oaths were taken to hang the wretch, if found, upon the nearest tree. A large reward was offered for his detection, and every gambler that had ever been seen about there was more or less suspected ; anod I believe that, had any man been arrested on the following day, he would have been hung first and tried afterward. My superstitious friend grew moody with grief. He refused to work his "lead" any more, and proposed selling off his rocker and tools and quitting the country altogether. I think he would have gone at once, only I told him it would not look well for him to leave without an effort to discover the murderer, as some people might be malicious enough to say he knew something of the matter, and so get him into trouble. He turned very pale and declared he woultl stay a year if by that means he could discover the assassin of his dear, beloved friend. One day, about a week after the tragedy, almost every individual in the vicinity, the friend of the murdered man among the rest, assembled at my shop at my particular re quest. I had told them I had something to communicate concerning the foul deed, and that I thought it not unlikely I might give them some clue to the assassin. When all had collected and arranged themselves, as I had directed, in a semicircle before my door -eager, expectant, excited-I came forward, holding in my hand an egg. Then I made a short speech on the various superstitions of mankind, and I mentioned how the ghosts of their victims would often haunt their murderers, compelling them to reveal their crimes; how land and sea had been known to give up their awful secrets; and how it had been asserted that if the guilty wretch were to place his hand upon the body of the man he had secretly slain the wounds would bleed afresh. "And now, gentlemen," I continued, "I hold in my hand as sure a test as any I have named. This simple egg, so fair to view, contains a murderer's secret. Let him but take it in his hand, and the frail shell will crumble to pieces and show to all that it is filled with the blood of his victim. You will excuse me, gentlemen, for putting you allto this test. We do not know each other's secrets-the murderer of the young man may be amongst us; but only the guilty need fear the trial-the innocent will surely pass the ordeal unharmed." As I said this I fixed my gaze upon my dark visitor, my suspected man. I never saw a more wretched and ghastly counte. nance, nor a greater struggle in any living being to keep a calm and unmoved exterior. The egg began its round. Some took it gravely, some lightly, some turned slightly pale, and some laughed outright. But on it went, and came nearer and nearer to the man for whom it was intended. I could see that he was trembling-that his very lips were getting white. " It is your turn now," I said at length, in a cold, stern tone. "Mine?" he answered, with a ghastly attempt at a smile. "Why-why-should I-I take it! Poor Wilson was my-my friend 1" "Prove so now " I said. "All eyes are upon you." He glanced hurriedly around. All eyes were indeed upon him, and with looks of awakening suspicion. He made one despair. ing effort to be calm, gulped his breath like one choking, and seized the fatal egg with trembling hands. The next moment it was crushed to atoms, and his hands were wet and stained as if with human gore. A wild yell burst from the crowd. A wild shriek came from the lips of the guilty wretch, and falling, rather than sinking, down upon his knees, he cried out, " God of mercy, forgive me ! I did kill him ! I did kill him for his gold ! his gold ! Oh, God of heaven, forgive me !" "And how many before him!" demanded I, in an authoritative voice. " Three! three ! Oh, God of love and mercy, forgive me !" There was another wild yell-or rather howl of fury-a rush like wolves upon their prey-and the poor wretch was seized, al most torn limb from limb, and dragged furiously away. In less than ten minutes from his confession he was dangling from a neighbouring tree--swinging by the neck. So died the murderer, whose name I have suppressed because he had many respectable friends who are still living. I will only add that, believing him to be guilty, I had pro. viously prepared the egg, putting red colour ing matter into it, expecting to see him crush it through his superstitious fears of a super natural discovery. They offered me the promised reward for the detection of the murderer, -,but this I declined. Justice was all I had sought, and this I had obtained. " I beg your pardon, madame," said a gen tleman, lifting his hat politely to a richly dressed woman on the street, "but your face is strangely familiar to me. I am sure that I have met you before." "Tis, Misthir Jones," reply the richly-dressed woman, "it's meeself that knows ye. Oi'm your cook." 