Tales and Sketches. New Year's Eve oil a Gold. Field. V ;' G-OOP night-, Jack! How nice of you to conte all this distance home with mo thrphgll' the snow. Don't', fdtget .to bring your Bkates- when, you come over to-morrow. Good night I' - I press a dainty little fur-gloved hand in mine, and press my lips—— Bang!—crack! crack!: cra,ck! crack! whirr-r'-r-r, fizz-z/s-z, pouffi; Q-reat Cmsar's ghost k wlmrb Alh IP Snow ladeh trebs, ice-covered,ponds,'frosty air, bright new moon, roguish black eyes, 'arch little face—all vanished! Instead, I find myself sitting bolt up right in an easy chair, gazing vacantly at a group of rough-looking men a little distance away, ana trying to remember where I am and what has . happefibd. Bang! r r-rip 1 Ah! this time I understand. It is otlly th'e miners celebrating Hew Year's Eve after th'eir fashion; and with this;, tefleetion, I rub my eyes lazily, anulie bach in my chair to think. ; I had dozed off in the chair-after dinner, and had bfeeh; fit earning of the previous Hew Year's Eve about my the snow with Heigho! all that is over j, let me rather think 'tit th'C present. I am far enough away from Old England, sitting on the veranda of a Mr'ge hotel, on a Horthern Queensland goldfield-—: Bang! fizz! there they' go again. The Queensland gold-miner's joyful emotions are always expressed through the agency of gunpowder. TheOld Yearhasonlyafew more hours to live, and the people-in this part of the world seem, determined .that it will depart leaving a strong smell-of -gun powder behind. Further dozing is out of the ques tion. I will go and see the rejoicings, i I must explain that I am-a new arrival,' and circumstances had bo ordered matters, that I paid my first'visit. to a goldfield on Hew Tear's Eve. . Isallyforthwithmy friend who, being an old hand, has volunteered to show me round. ; The streets are. .filled . with. a: large moving multitude, who -are on the same errand ; as ourselves. Chinese crackers and fireworks of all sorts render the air sul phureous. At one corner.: a man with a revolver is manifesting his de light by incessantly discharging ' it; I sincerely hope that he is using blank cartridges. - By means ofa, double barrelled- breechloader, another miner expresses his satisfaction!' Further on, and fortunately at souie distance from; any buildings, we see a man busy, with a light, and a few minutes later, a loud explosion explains to us that when this individual is happy the fact '.is .publicly announced by means of dynamite. (1! conclude that he is an Irishman.) ' "With all'this commotion, the crowds of people were most _ orderly.; .'The constables "to the; number or. six ori seven, who keep order in a town con taining perhaps five thousand able bodied miners, mingle with the crowdB, and seem to have nothing particularly to do, and to do it thoroughly. All the hotels—and ; their name is' legion—are openj and yet there is "very little apparent drunkenness. A couple of ' happy' men who have been dis cussing some knotty political point— possibly the action of the Reichstag with respect to the aggrandisement of the German empire by colonisation in; the Pacific—become quarrelsome, and at length wgrec to decide tho point in an cseentially British .fashion.', A'ring. is formed without loss of time, aud the 1 debate * commences. - Meantime a large crowd .gathers round the ex ponents of the manly art, and specula/ tion is rife-as to the-result, Thero is considerable excitement, among tho backers on each side, and the stalwart constablo \vho shortly, appears, must feel that his work is cut out for him. However, ho is equal to tho occasion, lie makes his way to the edgq of the nng, and addresses tho assembly. I feel convinced, from his appearance that he is a foreigner, nnd I naturally am pleased with my acutcriess, when ho speaks to this effect, in Italian i-t ' 1 what do ycz mano by obstructing the street like this ? I*vo /i ^rnte moind to run ycz all in—every mother's son of yez (this to several hundred miners). Git off the public road, and have ' yer 'divarshun; round the corner • there.' Amid cries of 'AH right, old" man!' the crowd and the combatitnls remove to .the vacant allotment indi cated by the son-of Italy, where- the . ' diVSrshuit' is rfinewed ana. cohcJude'd'; satisfactorily. . , .,i As it was how closer oil midnight,; and wishing to VieW gold miners in another aspect", wo. 'entered a bnurcn'1 close hy, which, rather to my surprise, was well filled by an attentive congre gation, who were listening devoutly to; the remarks "of the parson, although; I am sorry to say, the good man was fre quently interrupted by blasts, not' of;; execration, but of dynamite, fired close; by.' V ;y.: From the church to the public hoiue was but a few yards, where a ' sing song' was going on. A rough looking man was giving the 1 Death of Nelson' in very good style to.fi highly appreciative iiUdibhce; iVH'd joined lustily in the chorus, and; shook hands. with one another when it was broiigbt home to their minds that 'England confessed that ever—ey man that day ha—aa dbhb hi—is 'dut-^ee.' At the cbnClilsipit of the song more licjiiot Wds Ball'ea lor; and another song was started. During its progress, an immense bronzed ex cavator came and sat beside. me ana asked mb if I didn't think ' Mishet (hie) ijladShoh Was (hid) darned old (hie) humbug.' Haviiig rapidly Calcu lated th'e probable results of an. izii prudent answer, considering his size and mine; I hastened to assure him tha£ I, fervently believed the First Lord of the Treasury to. b'e ipich,; and when bfe dbserv'ed that the.' Brl'sH conhstiiiliiiil finest under shun,' I grasped his hand warmly, and said,,' that's about the size of it,' old man!' which so,afie'etbd . him that the tears appeared in his byes; and he straightway insisted on my having a drink. . Leaving my friend to his meditations !• oil the ' Br'ish nash'n;' wb strolled along the streets through the crowd of sightseers, stopping occasionally .'to'" look on while a ' spieler' plucked his victims, or a cheap-jack sold gold watches for half-sovereigns, or. to listen while a more or less muddled politician explained, to us What his particular views were, until we reached our hotel, ■Where mine host was inviting 1hb guests to drink success to the new yesuy which Ceremony being duly performed)Yre- : tired; to" rest:to dream anew of New Year's Eye in the" old country, happily oblivious of the scenes. I had witnessed during. New Yjeab'b DVB. o>" a Goip F1ECD. ■ J.J.B. 