A RAILWAY 'GHOST. As there is a ghost in this story, aeeording to all establiahed-rnles it ought to commesce with "once upon a'time," bnt!ae I am some. whit of an ioonowlast, not even such a rene-r able figure of speech can escape'annthilatior at my hands. ! . L.t me be exact in chronoly at least. I had been hastily summoned Irom Cornwall to the bedside of a wealthy old uncle from whom I had expectations, and as the' telegram in formed me that he could not Survive his pre. sent attack of gouent, I thought, it might be as well for me to be "in at the death,"* and so one foggy day in November, 1860, found me travelling to Aehbourne, a little, out'bf.the. way place, where the oli gentleman lived. Tuere were but few passengere on the train, and I had the comfort of a carrige all to my self. We stopped to coal at some little way .station, when a passenger was hurriedly ushered, or rather banged, into my compart. ment by the conductor. The stranger was a tall, thin, paiddle.aged man, with a face lean and withered like a shrivelled apple. In a dress tight.fitting and of an ancient and faded black, he looked like a man who had ro very much to seed, which perhaps accounted for the luxurisant growth of his arms and legs. Observing his clothes eteaming with the damp 'air, I began to realise that it had suddenly become very cold. "Qite a change in the weather," I re marked. "Very cold to-night, is it not 2" " Don't feel the cold myself; Perhaps you would like to ohange places withme ; there is no draft here." I replied that I should be gld t do so if it did not inconvenience him, a'n accordingly we changed seats. It was cold, and no mistakel I mut have taken a chill, for Ifclt the cold creeping over me in amost unaccountable manner. Look. ing at my companion on the o?poeite seat on whom the lamplight now sbhone fll,' I saw that his lace was not so thin nor his features 5o withered as I at first supposed; and I must have made a mistake as to his age, for he was by no means as old as0e had previously iudged. How cold it was, to oe 'sure I As I looked at him, I noticed that his aspect changed momently-that he was growing younger; that the wrinkles ini his face were filling out and smoothing down,:and that he was gradually becoming like some one I had seen before. As his cheeks grew round and ruddy, and his hair changedl from gray to brown before my very eyes, I became nervous, and endeavoured to cry out, but could not. I wasparalysed with the cold-eoldthbt seemed to make my limbs rigid sad benumb my vitals, for I saw that the man silting before me was no longer a stronger-no more friend or aequaintanne-he had become me I I held up my hands to try to shut out the I sight, and, as I did so, so that they were .s withered, and thin, and old. I pressed them I to my brow, to see if I were dreaming, and I found it shrivelled, and seamed, and puckered. And then I knew that this man-this find- had stolen my body, and given me his. Maddened with the discovery, I rose to my i feet-his feet-which tottered beneath me, r and I struok wildly at the vision of myself on r the other seat. But I found my arms light c as vapor, fer they passedover his body,which t went throughthem, giving ia ths imression t of pain, It was a body of shade tbat bad been a given me for my own body f flesh and blood, e which this wretch has stolen. By some f soroery or another, we ,had indeed changed places. b "Sorcerer--demon I" I stried oit, only to hear myself speaking lith his sharp cracked voice. When I saw myself sitting opposite b to me, coolly addressing me in my osn voice, a I could no longer ceedit my ensees--if, a indeed, l had any of them at all let of my own. . "Dare say you think you are saking loud now," he said. t I answered by shouting for the c doctor as loudly as I could, . "Ah, you might callr a goed d en louder ths that. Why, if the carriage wer lull of it passengers they conuld no more hear yu than e hey 'could see you," he contineed, chckling, i and eemewing my features up into a l deously o knowing grin, such as I couls near have ti made them assume. "You si, mj friend, ml yours Is a body ul ale, of shado*, itrnsible, it Impalpable to all but mysielf, jlut as it was to, al' but you when I entered the carrince. Yose wilb,p phaps, to know who 1 am. Well, two years ago to night I was a Ja ~enger by thin train. There was a collision with a stupid, freight.train, you see, and the remilt woa that several passengers were injured. One of bthem was- well, it's no use mincing matters killed on the spot. 'Q ite as. It was I. Yes, I am what you would call a ghost, al., though we do not emrider that just the correct term among ourselves-we have better word for it. Nlw I have toldyou what.l am, you will, doubtless, like to know what I want. Very good; youshall see." " The ghost in my body then began to feel in my pookets, from which he drew out my mersachaum, which he filled from my pouch and lit with one of my matches. "Ab," he proceeded, puffing like a steam. angina, "you smoke very good stuf-n-atsral leat an Old Judge; not bad mixture, though I prefer a little Cveadish wfthit nmself. Not at all a bad body of yours, either, he went on, eyeing the form in which he war sitting; " ot at all a bad body ; and it fit meto aT, only a little short in the arms. Bybthe way, I ind one of your front teeth a little loose, so don't go and say I did that, when you come to yourself again; and your nose is a little long for Ine, but I dare say it blows none the worse for that." I shuddered as I eaw himi take out my pooket-handkerchlef and use It on that oherished organ dof thine. "Yes, I dare say now you feel the cold a little; I did at first, but it's nothing when you are'used to it. I find your body very warm -being heavier than I am accustomed to wear; but it won't be for long. I require it S?positively for this night only,' as you say In or playbills ; and will return it uninjured ,y the time we et to Ashbourne. By the bye, let me beg o1 you to be a little careful how you throw yiur arms about so mush. as you did just now, for my body is ofa more delicate construction than yours ; and being so thin in substanee, I am afraid you will ahafe it under the arm.pits. You will observe, ladies and gentlemen," he went on, in leoturer's style, "that if I take a lighted match and insert it in the corner of, the, patient's eye, he will feel no pain." Saying this, my dreadful companion proceeded to illustrate his remark by making a dive at my shadowy eye with .a bouring 'match. I certainly felt no pain as the match burned in myrhead. "You will allow, after all you see, that my shape has its advintagee," the ghet pro. ceeded; "but it also has its disadvantages. Try the pipe now." I tried to take the pipe -at dropped through my vapor fiAgenrs. e placed it in my mouth ; I could not hold it, nor get a whiff from it. "Precisely so," said the ghost. "Now, this is just what has. brought me here to-night. A great smoker alt my life, doing my twelve pipes a day regularly, I have beendefuact these two years, and during all that time I haven't had a smoke I Not a blessed draw. I miss my 'baces dreadful. There is a provision made for smokers down with us, you will under sabdhd but we are governed by a Board of Directors whose general incapacity equals that of many'of your city boards. There is a stock of bodies kept for smokers, so that it you want to enjoy a pipe you must go into one of the bodies to get it. But if you will believe me, the supply is so notori ously insufficient to meet the demand that there is no chance whatever for a new ghost to get n amoke. When I entered the society all the bodies wore out in nuse, and booked for three years in advance. My name has b:en down on the books for two years, and them is no chance of my getting a body allotted to me for a twelvemonth. Fancy two years without a smoke I Why, sir, the incompe tence of our Board is something awful. I can only explain the reason whb we put up with such gross mismanagement in the other world is because we have become so used to it in this. Our.constitutions, however, are being undermined to that extent that the Board has at length been ooerced by popular feeling into passing a measure, empowering ghosts to render themselres visible to a single individual at a time. in order that they may effect a change of bodies for short periods, al ways with the consent of the preon in ques. tion, for the purpose of indulging in a habit which the directors say they 'cannot; how ever, but characterize as pernicious and in jurious.' George III. and George Washiong. ton, both members of the Board, opposed the measure;: they, however, were left in i ridloou lonely small minority. Under this newsact I obtained your body. "You never had my consent, friend " I cried. "It is vulgar to call names, my friend," the ghost replied, smoothing my moustache with my fingers; "but you are trifling. I asked you to change planes with me, and you agreed, as you must be well aware; Blt, dear me t here we are at Ashbourne; but, however, I must finish my pipe-think of two years, and not a'blessed draw, my friend I' 