THE TWO HUSBANDS. CHAPTER II. A MASTERFUL MAN'S WILL. Continued. " No, Mrs. Brett, no !" said Robert decisively, almost haughtily. " If you please it's to be considered there's an end o' our courtship. When Cicely tells you everything - as I'm sure she will, for whatever foolish things she might be led to do, never will she tell an untruth - you'll be the first to say I couldn't take her to my family as one that's like to make me a true and loving wife." " Robert, Robert ! It breaks my old heart to lose such a man as you for my grandson. But there, you spoke like the spirited fellow you are." " And you should bear in mind, Mrs. Brett, that George Moorsom may'nt be a bad un for all he's no favourite of yours. Anyhow, if Cicely's set her heart on marryin' him and nobody else, its odds, that to prevent worse happening, you'll ha' to give your consent. Then you will know if Cicely marries him, she'll just ha' to take the consequences o' her own act as other women do every day. With some it turns out well, wi' others ill." " If ever there was such a man !" cried the widow, again seizing Robert's hand. " Speaking up all he can for the girl that's behaved as bad as a girl could to a man. Only mark one thing, Robert Holgate," dropping his hand, and raising her own menacingly - " Mr. Moorsom may love the girl without thought o' the old woman's money, but its a deal likelier he thinks more o' the money than he does o' the girl. Well, now, see if I don't order Lawyer Limpus to tie up every penny, as tight as parchment and wax can make it !" * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * Ere another fortnight had elapsed, upon the little community of Willingdale burst the surprising intelligence that the new tenant of Monksland Farm was engaged to marry Cicely Brett, with her grandmother's consent. Robert Holgate's prophecy had, it appeared, been fulfilled. His own voluntary abandonment of all pretensions to Cicely's hand had greatly facilitated Moorsom's task. Cicely complying like one under a spell with his instructions, and assuring her grandmother that she loved George, and could never love any other man. The old lady offered but a faint resistance. In conformity, however, with her announcement to Robert, she took a very decided course on the point of money. " You're a well-to-do young man, Mr. Moorsom," she said, in a dry, business-like manner, " and money is o' course no object wi' you. But I shouldn't like my Cis to be beholden to you for the clothes she wears. So she'll ha' interest at four and a half per cent, on five hundred pounds, payable to her own receipt, and no trouble to yourself at all. What'll come to her at my death you'll know when that event happens." And from that hour she had never vouchsafed another word either to him or to Cicely on the subject. Robert Holgate's departure from Willingdale a very few days after the marriage had been decided upon, was an answer to all speculations as to the extent to which his sweetheart's faithfulness would affect him. Mr. Boynton and Hingsby well knew the state of the case, and they united their efforts to get him a far-off situation in the north of Scotland, where he told them he wished to stay for a couple of seasons to perfect himself in the moorland branch of his business. They might be sure he was not going away for ever. Oh no ! He loved the old place too well for that. He was safe to come back one day. CHAPTER III. DISSOLUTION, More than three parts of a year have passed since Cicely Brett became as Cicely Moorsom mistress of the Monksland household. Early on a bright May morning she sat alone, actively, though it must be granted intermittently, plying her needle, in the deep embrasure of her keeping- room window. In Tudor times, the farmhouse had been an important manor house. Towards the end of the last century it had been reduced by the pulling down of the greater portion to its actual dimensions. It was still of considerable size, rambling, and not overly convenient. A noteworthy relic of those early days, was a lofty mullioned window which was supposed to have lit the ancient banqueting hall. One end of this hall, with its walls over two feet thick, had been preserved, and divided - window and all - by an oaken floor, into a lower and an upper storey, the first forming the present keeping room. The massive stone mullions of the window, deprived of their arches, which now served to light the upper room, would have appeared out of proportion with the reduced size of that apartment but for the wealth of ivy, honeysuckle and virginia creeper which overgrew them, breaking the formality of their outline. These nine months have hardly added to Cicely's beauty. Her eyes betray a weariness that beseems not the twenty years she has but recently attained. Smiles less frequently irradiate her sweet countenance than when we first knew her. Sighs occasionally escape from her which are surely incompatible, with the happiness that should be the fate of a young wife so recently united to the man of her choice. The delicate state of health into which her dear old grandmother had visibly fallen in the course of the past winter, is not alone sufficient to account for these changes. `Their cause is to be found nearer home. Yes, in her home ! Let it be at once declared. George Moorsom is not unkind to her. With such a gentle, unresisting, and loving nature as hers, absolute unkindness is scarcely possible. He is often sharp, abrupt, impatient. All this, however, she could passively endure, seeing that such ways are consistent with the impetuous, even violent character which she now discovers to be his. But very shortly after their marriage he became negligent of her, gave her little of his companionship, and frequently absented himself from home without notice. Whither he went, or what he did when absent, he never volunteered to tell her. His usual answer to any questions that she ventured hesitatingly to put on the subject was in the strain of " I've got some business of my cousin's to look after in London and elsewhere. Meantime, you've got quite enough to do in taking care of your grandmother." Mrs. Brett's ill-health, we know, was alluded to in the latter part of this speech. With regard to the "cousin" in question, it may be well to mention that the only relation he ever introduced to his wife's family or to his neighbours, was that same Mr. Harper, who together with another man we first found him entertaining at the " Jolly Millers." This individual's cousin he said - had been present at his wedding, as well as a frequent visitor at Monksland since that event. Cicely was by this time so accustomed to her husband's sudden departures and reappearances, that she felt no surprise when on the present occasion he entered with a letter in his hand, and said shortly : " I'm obliged to go up by the earliest train I can catch. Just run out, Cis, and tell Jim to put the young chestnut into the trap, while I got my bag ready." Silently, but quickly, Cicely placed her work aside, and went out to the stable. In truth, she felt that her nearest approach to speech would be a sob, as the thought passed through her brain that once more she was about to be consigned to her unregarded solitude. For a few moments Moorsom followed her with his eye, it being evident to him that she was exceeding her bodily powers in the haste she made to comply with his request. He was not utterly heartless, and the recollection of Cicely's condition, that which of all others most appeals to a husband's heart and arouses in him the protective instinct, urged him to recall her. But the expedition on which he was this morning engaged, seemed to have too paramount in importance for him to admit of even the briefest delay, and he suffered her to go. " I suppose I need not prepare for your return on any particular day ? " Cicely said, as, with his customary brief farewell, he jumped into his dog-cart. " Certainly not," was his reply, " I shall turn up in the usual way," which meant that he would arrive without any previous notice - it might be in a couple of days, or it might be a week, and even more - and he would drive into the yard at an hour when everybody about the place was asleep, stable his own, horse, and let himself into the house by means of the pass-key, which he always carried. Since Cicely's marriage, Squire Boynton had allowed a small gate to be placed in the boundary fence between the two farms of Greenhills and Monkslands, thus affording Mrs. Moorsom a private path from her own to her grandmother's house. No sooner had her husband departed, then, with work- basket in hand, she set forth along the now well-worn track leading to Greenhills. Arriving there, she was told by old Sarah, the house-servant, that missus must not be disturbed just then. " What Sarah ? Not by me ? " " Bless your dear 'eart ! in partiklar not by you. Missus told me so. She's got Mister Limpus fro' Bedgeborough wi' her." While Cicely sat in the kitchen, discussing domestic matters of mutual interest with Sarah, let us enter the keeping-room, and learn what is passing between Mrs. Brett and the Bedgeborough solicitor. " You see my meaning, don't you ?" asks the widow, after she has explained to Mr. Limpus what she required him to do. " Oh ! it's easy enough to see that," he replied. "The only question I would venture to ask is whether this is not a somewhat excessive legacy - considering the total amount of your property - two thousand out of from fifteen to sixteen ? Besides young Holgate will be provided for by his father. " That makes no difference, Mr. Limpus. You know how much confidence I have in Robert Holgate, and how little in George Moorsom. My one object is to leave Cicely's husband without power as regards my property." " Which end you have already affected, my dear madam, by the terms of your will, and quite irrespectively of the codicil you are now adding." " Well then, Mr. Limpus, the meaning of the codicil is just to give two thousand pounds to Robert for Cicely or her children, if any of 'em are alive when I die, and to keep it for himself if they're all gone - which isn't very likely." " Say no more, Mrs. Brett. I'll bring the codicil for your signature to morrow morning." " You'll take a bit o' lunch ?" the old lady asked, as Mr. Limpus rose to go. " There's a ham o' my own feeding and curing, such as the whole country side won't beat." " I'll not refuse your kind offer, Mrs. Brett. I have a long drive before me - at least twelve miles." " Ah ! Where might you be going, sir ?" " To Highfield Hall. Sir Charles Elmore wishes to see me about the great jewel robbery they've had there." " Ay, I've heared talk about it. All Lady Elmore's diamonds gone. But what can you have to do with such a matter ? Seems to me it's the police that has got to look after burglars." " Well you see, the greater part of the jewels were family jewels, and of great value. Come from the Agar family. Her Ladyship was a Miss Agar, you know. We drew out the settlements, and the list and descripition of the jewels is in our keeping." " But you'll be waiting to start, Mr. Limpus. Would you mind ringing the bell ? I'm that stiff in my arms wi' the rheumatics, you'd hardly believe." To this summons, there quickly entered, not Sarah, but Cicely. " What Cis, my dear, so you are here ?" said Mrs. Brett. " Somehow I'd got a notion you'd be looking in on me this morning and I told Sarah how we're engaged wi' business that's not for your hearing. It's all over now, and good Mr. Limpus is going to take a snack. There's that fresh out ham, you know, dearie." " I'll soon see about it, Gran," said Cicely, after she had cordially greeted their old friend and advisor. " Now pray don't hurry yourself, my dear," said the old lawyer. " I'm not so very much pressed for time." " Quite right, Mr. Limpus," applauded Mrs, Brett. " I'm forever atelling her she ought to be more careful of herself than she is. But Cis was off in a twinkling. Already, in the atmosphere of her dear old home, she seemed to have cast off half the languor that had oppressed her at Monksland. " Mr. Moorsom's quite well, I suppose ?" Mr. Limpus said inquiringly to Cicely, as he ate the dainty ham set before him with all etceteras, moistening it with port wine of such quality as was not to be found in any ordinary farmhouse. Mrs. Brett testily took the answer out of her grand-daughter's mouth with : " He's never anything else that I know of." " A tough constitution, though London bred," Mr. Limpus observed. " Goodness knows where he was bred - I don't," breaks out the worthy dame, whose chronic dislike of Moorsom had been doubly aggravated that morning, firstly by the association which the codicil business naturally summoned up, secondly, by the intelligence that he had again gone off on one of what she considered his mysterious expeditions. " Oh, Gran ! " exclaimed Cicely, " we do know that George was born in London." " We have his word for it, Cis." "And his cousins, Gran. Mr. Harper told me he was born within the sound of Bow Bells." " Bow Bells !" laughed the lawyer. " Surely Mrs. Moorsom must see that Mr. Harper was quizzing her. But I suppose she doesn't care who Mr. Moorsom is, or where he was born, so long as he makes her a good husband." Whether Mr. Limpus' observation was purposely pointed or not, it brought not only a flush to Cicely's cheek, but tears to her eyes, which both himself and Mrs. Brett pretended not to see. That they did observe her emotion and comprehend its source was so apparent, that when she silently left the room - the old lady said to Mr. Limpus : "Ah ! my poor child will never repent throwing over Robert Holgate but once - and that's just all her life long ! " To which the kind-hearted lawyer replied : " And I should feel consoled, Mrs. Brett, if I thought that by this time she knew the worst of her fate. And on second thoughts \- for even a lawyer's second thoughts are sometimes better than the first - I begin to see your prudence in the matter of that codicil so strongly, that if you'll allow me, I'll make the two thousand - three, at five per cent, an income of £150 a year, happen what may." " It shall be three thousand, Mr. Limpus. Not another word ! Cicely's coming back." George Moorsom remained away a very, short time on the present occasion, returning between two and three in the afternoon of the day after his departure. He took the unusual course of explaining to his wife the reason for this short absence. A friend of Harper's, he said, had met him on the road with a message, rendering his further progress unnecessary. It was Moorsom's practice when going to London - although there was, as we know, a railway station at Bedgeborough within three miles - to drive to various other stations, ten, twelve, and even fifteen miles off. He said he liked the act of driving and as his horses were speedy and in good condition, he was not much longer in doing the journey than if he were to take the train at Bedgeborough. He was not a popular man in the neighbourhood, and indeed had not a single intimate friend, so that folks troubled themselves little about him or his doings. It was only when some persons, who knew him by sight, chanced to meet him at or near any of these distant stations, that note was taken of his movements, which, in a man whose ostensible business was farming, seemed strange and inappropriate. Such being his habit, it did not occur to Cicely - who was indeed the most incurious of her sex - to ask him which road he had taken, or where he had met his cousin's friend. It sufficed that the consequence of the said meeting was his shorter absence than usual from home. Then, finding him disposed to converse, she related the meeting with Mr. Limpus at Greenhills, and mentioned that he had taken some refreshment previous to driving over to Highfield Hall. She also named the purpose for which the lawyer had been summoned by Sir Charles Elmore. " A robbery of jewels !" Moorsom cried, " why, that's the second - no, the third, we've heard of in the county within two months. Highfield, too ! getting very near ourselves. Fortunately we haven't much to tempt burglars either here or at Greenhills. Yet its wonderful on what a poor spec these burglars will sometimes break into a house. You must tell Gran to be on her guard. She wouldn't like to lose her teapot and the rest. They're old and valuable," Cicely cared very little for the subject of her husband's conversation, but it pleased her that he should talk to her with seeming interest upon any subject ; so she allowed him to pursue the theme of these burglaries, one which had of late been pretty much in people's mouths. Three great houses in that part of the country having recently been broken into and robbed of valuable property, under circumstances evincing an amount of mingled skill and audacity, which the police declared could only belong to a London gang. About a fortnight after tlhe foregoing conversation, strange to say, the event proved that Moorsom's warning to Mrs. Brett had been well-founded. The house of Greenhills was entered by burglars during the night. Their operations were carried on so quietly that only in the morning was their unwelcome visit discovered. Fortunately Mrs. Brett had, after her grand-daughter's advice, removed her small stock of curious old plate from the cupboard in the keeping. room, and stowed it away under her bed. The cupboard in question had been forced open, a few books and some househlold articles left in it were found scattered about in confusion. In the same room was an old-fashiounod bureau, in which Mrs. Brett kept her account books and papers. It was natural to suppose that this article of furniture would attract the attention of the thieves, and as it presented no appearance of having been touched, the police assumed that the burglars had been disturbed, and obliged to decamp before they had had time to break it open. " Didn't I tell you, Cis," Moorsom remarked, when congratulating Mrs. Brett upon the poor results obtained by her nocturnal visitor. " What mistakes these fellows sometimes make." " Well, it may be your turn next," the old lady said jestingly, "you've a good deal more to lose, Cis tells me, than I have. Better look after it as I did." " Never fear," cried Moorsom, "as Cis knows, I sleep with a six-shooter handy," which was the literal truth, but the most perfect six-shooter is of no use unless somebody is handy to discharge it. And so it came to pass that one night a little more than a week after the Greenhills attempt, during George's absence from home, when Cicely was sleeping at her grandmother's, Monklands house was broken into. On this occasion the thieves, probably apprised of the absence of both master and mistress, appear to have made what Giles Jobson, the odd job man of the place, who had charge of the house, called " a regular night out." They locked him in his room, ransacked the house of all its portable property worth taking, and concluded their operations by laying an embargo on the larder and the cellaret, opening the latter with a false key, for the purpose of making a copious meal in the kitchen. When, on his return, Moorsom heard of the robbery at his own house his indignation knew no bounds. Doubtless additional fuel was added to the flame of his wrath as he recollected the contempt he had expressed at the bare notion of such an attempt being made. He started at once for Bedgeborough and held a conversation with Mr Superintendent Grimley of the county police. Having related the facts he asked : " Does this business of mine appear to you to be the form of the Highfield Hall and the Swinbury Park gang ? " " The form ! " exclaimed Mr. Grimley, unaccustomed to hear young farmers adopt that slangy style of phraseology. " Well, in its impudence it is rather the form of your high-class burglar. Evidently your movements had been watched, and these rascals knew you were absent. Just let me note down the particulars. You say last Thursday ? " " Yes," " No idea as to the hour, I suppose." "Not the least." "I think you said there was only one man in the house. His name if you please ?" " Giles Jobson." " Not a lively sort of party, I dare say ?" "Lively ! Ha ! ha ! ha ! You might beat a pair of kettle-drums close to his ear in the middle of the night and not wake him. Besides the. burglars locked him in his room." " Stay ! How does he know that ?" " He found it out next morning, and was forced to get through the window." " Articles stolen, if you please ?" " Here's a list." " Ah ! Chiefly plate, I see. Pray what style ?" " All modern. Presents on my marriage." " Very good. You say they got wine and spirits out of the cellaret. Did they break it open ?" " No. They must have had false keys, for my wife found the looks perfectly uninjured." " A feature which speaks for your London cracksman. Well, Mr. Moorsom, I shall of course put my men to work for you at once. Unfortunately the property stolen from you is of that description which is the easiest disposed of. The melting pot soon does away with all means of identification." " Still, in the public interest, as well as for your own reputation, Mr. Grimley, you'll do your best. After all, my little stock of plate may not yet have been made into white soup. We often hear of plate being buried, chucked into hedges, and so on." " Ay, but that's when more burglars are at work. In this case we can be sure's there's a regular gang - as many receivers as thieves." " Then probably you believe all the property lately stolen about here has been carried off to London." " Not the ghost of a doubt about that." " How very unfortunate ! Not that I'm so much put out as Mrs. Moorsom is. Good morning, Mr. Grimley. You know my address, if you wish to communicate with me. " Oh, yes, Mr. Moorsom, you're known well enough." Rising to go, George Moorsom looked hard at the superintendent, as if he thought there might be a double meaning in these words. He may have reflected that his reputation was of that sort which in a quiet locality may occasionally bring a young farmer's name before the authorities. He may have set down the superintendent's remark to another cause. As his history unfolds itself we shall be enabled to gauge more accurately the possible bent of his reflections on this the occasion of his first interview with the local representative of country police authority. CHIAPTER IV. GRANDMOTHER'S WILL. The subject of the recent robberies at the two farm houses speedily faded into insignificance before the event which one day summoned Cicely in hot haste from Monklands to her grandmother's bedside. The old woman, whose infirmities had of late been rapidly increasing, was suddenly stricken by paralysis. Moorsom was absent. lndeed he now rarely remained at home for more than two or three days together. Moreover, he had recently assumed a recklessness of conduct and began to present a dissipated appearance which was the subject of general remark. Mrs. Brett's illness had beyond all doubt been aggravated by the hardly suppressed misery which she noted in her grand daughter's countenance, Cicely, who never had to complain of not being amply supplied with money by her husband, summoned the best available medical advice, only to learn that the case was a hopeless one. The sufferer was old - older than was generally supposed - for she had already entered her seventy- seventh year. The powers of nature were exhausted. She might linger for a short time, but even her partial recovery was out of the question. Although she never, in her feeble efforts at speech, alluded to Moorsom, Cicely did her best to summon him. She wrote to a hotel in London where he had once before told her to write to him. To this letter she had received no answer and it became evident that Mrs. Brett's last moments were at hand. The doctor had departed, with the ominous announcement that he expected when he should call the next day to find his attendance no longer required. It was the afternoon of a Sunday. In the village church the prayers of the small congregation had that morning been asked for her recovery, and we may feel sure, earnestly given, however vain all knew them - humanly speaking - to be. The squire and his wife, to whom she was endeared by long association, had paid her what they felt would be their farewell visit. Cicely and old Sarah watched, one on either side of the bed. During many nights neither had slept for more than an hour or two at a time, and the hearing of one and the other was probably so deadened to outward sounds that they were unaware of the noise of wheels rapidly approaching, and suddenly ceasing at the house door. A minute or so had elapsed, a knock at the door of the bedroom aroused Cicely. Opening it, she was confronted by her husband. " I'm glad to hear I'm not too late," he said, in tones which, though suppressed, sounded hoarsely and thickly. Cicely's recent experiences of his ways told her that he had been drinking. She would have left the room with him, but he had already one foot inside the door; so, laying her fingers on her lips to caution silence, she led him in. With somewhat uncertain steps he traversed the partially-darkened room in the direction of the window. " May I see her ?" he asked. "I suppose she's asleep." Cicely could only reply with a sign and Moorsom approached the bed. Old Sarah, aroused by his footsteps from her state of somnolency, suddenly started up with so much noise that the sick woman opened her eyes, while her lips formed, rather than uttered the words: " What is it ?" Signing to her husband to remain iquiet, Cicely leant over the bed, and said : "George has come to see you, Gran, dear." A sudden gleam shot through the sunken eyes, as once more the lips moved to unformed sounds which Cicely failed to comprehend, till with a strong effort the poor soul partly raised the one hand over which she retained power, and pointed downwards to her pillow. "What do you mean, Gran, dear ?" asked Cicely. With a plainly painful effort, the word "keys," was made audible. Cicely at once felt under the bolster, and brought out a bunch of keys, which Mrs. Brett had, at an early period of her illness, desired should be placed there. She nodded her satisfaction, and with extended finger, indicated Moorsom. " Give it to George ?" asked Cicely. Mrs. Brett signified, that on the contrary, the bunch of keys should be handed to herself ; but when Cicely offered it she was powerless to take it, signing that she wanted a particular key. Cicely singled them out one by one until she came to that of the old bureau. Mrs. Brett who made a negative sign at every other key, now nodded her head affirmatively. " What am I to do with the bureau key ?" asked Cicely. To this question she made no answer, either by sound or sign. It seemed as if her last remnant of vital force had been expended in her recent efforts. A sudden faintness came over her, she closed her eyes and lay back panting ; over her countenance a grey hue began to steal ; cold drops of moisture stood upon her forehead. A profound silence ensued, broken only by the stertorous breathing of the now too plainly dying woman. After a few minutes, opening her heavy eyes with difficulty, she fixed them full upon George Moorsom. Beneath that awful look the man's own bold eyes fell. He turned pale, a tremor overcame his whole frame, for, obscured as was his brain, he knew that the gaze, filled with well-deserved reproach for him, was slowly turning into the stony glare of death. Cicely recognising the truth, fell weeping on the bed. Moorsom slunk in silence from the room, and at once betook himself to Monklands. " I understand it all, my dear Mrs. Moorsom," said Mr. Limpus, who had been summoned on the day following Mrs Brett's death, when Cicely had described the incident of the bunch of keys. " I need not tell you that Mr. Moorsom never enjoyed your dear grandmother's confidence. I believe it will be found that her will is in the old bureau. I know she used to keep her business papers there ; I was sorry that she kept the will herself. It was a crotchet of hers to 'have it handy' to use her own phrase - against her death. We ought to got the will out and I should wish as a matter of form, your husband to be present. Is he at home ? " Cicely coloured deeply as she replied : " No. I have just received a note from him. He left Monklands this morning." " Do you know where to address him ?" " I could write to him in London, but I fear he might not receive the letter for many days, as was the case when I summoned him to see my grandmother." " Then you must represent him. It is, as I told you, a mere matter of form. I know the contents of the will. You and I are the executors. The only other person named in it is now absent. Will you kindly fetch the key of the old bureau ?" Then the search for the will was commenced. But in no part of the bureau was it to be found. " Very singular," said Mr. Limpus. "I'll have a cabinetmaker over to examine it before I give up the search. You are sure there are no other places in which your grandmother kept papers ?" " Quite sure, Mr. Limpus." " Hum ! there must be a will somewhere, unless Mrs. Brett destroyed it - a very unlikely thing. She knew too well what the consequences would be." After an absence of three days only, Moorsom returned, bringing with him his cousin. On this occasion Harper and he reached Monklands during the day in a fly taken at Bedgeborough Station. " Leaving Harper at Monklands, Moorsom walked to Greenhills. Arriving there, he told his wife he had thought it his duty to let bygones be bygones, and show his respect to her grandmother's memory by attending the funeral. Then he carelessly observed : " I suppose something is known to somebody about the state of the poor old lady's affairs ?" " You must speak to Mr. Limpus on that subject, George," she replied. " Do you mean that you know nothing ?" " Nothing at all." " Very well, I had better drive to his office at once," which accordingly he did, explaining to the solicitor, who received him somewhat stiffly, that he had come at Mrs. Moorsom's request - she wishing to know the position in which her late grandmother had left her. " Pray don't bring Mrs. Moorsom's name forward," Mr. Limpus said, sharply. " She has no curiosity on the subject. I have told her that Mrs. Brett made a duly executed will - which will is not forthcoming. You ought to know without my telling you, that in the event of Mrs. Brett having died intestate your wife is her sole heiress." " So I suppose, Mr. Limpus. But if Mrs. Brett did, to your knowledge, make a will, and that will is not forthcoming, would you not infer that she, for reasons of her own, destroyed it ?" " If that were the case, why did she, in her very last moments - as you yourself know - call attention to the key of the bureau in which there is every reason to believe she had deposited her will ? " " Her memory may have failed her in those last moments." " I don't believe it, sir. My firm belief is that the will has been made away with by somebody else." " Who on earth can have done that, Mr. Limpus ? " The lawyer fixed his eyes penetratingly on Moorsom, as he replied by a counter question : " Can you think of anybody who had an interest in suppressing that will ? " Nine men out of ten would have been abashed by the pointed manner in which this question was put. But Moorsom had a countenance as nearly as possible to a sneer, as he said : " To answer that question I must be aware of the contents of the will." " You might guess at them, Mr. Moorsom, knowing the feelings of the deceased towards yourself." " I won't pretend to misunderstand you. She was likely you mean, to have placed my wife's fortune beyond my control " " That is precisely what she did, sir." " And quite right too," Moorsom exclaimed, with bitter jocosity, as he rose to depart. " I don't pique myself on my prudence in money matters. I go in for speculation now and then. I'm not over choice in my company. I have, on occasion, shaken my elbow. But then, I as often win as lose." " Upon my word, Mr. Moorsom, you're very frank. I'll be equally plain- spoken with you. Let me give you a bit of legal advice. If Mrs. Moorsom comes into her grandmother's property, simply as next of kin, and not by will, that property is practically yours. Now in such event, seeing your own admitted weakness, pray consult the future of your wife, and any children she may bring you, by having part at least of the money placed in trust." "Hum ! Not a bad idea, Mr. Limpus. But the advice is premature. You know the will may yet turn up. Good afternoon ; we meet at the funeral I suppose - day after tomorrow - Cis tells me. Poor girl's awfully cut up. Better without me than with me, so I shall be off." To Be Continued. 