TOINETTE. One morning Father Kiel came out of his house looking mn&b; depressed/It was rather a stretch of imagination to call it a house. In reality it was the hnik of a wrecked vessel firmly embedded iu the sand, and at high water the rongh steps leading np to the low doorway were half submerged. The place was the island of Chincoteague, one of a long narrow chain on the eastern shore of Maryland and Virginia, placed there? one would have said, as a breakwater against the force of the ocean. As the tide was oufr„ Father Biei leaned against the hulk of the vessel, and, shading his eyeB with his hand, looked intently southward. He was a man ox aDon& seventy, wixn a mignty oeara as . white as snow flowing down to his breast, and had the appearance of a Hebrew patriarch. He was only, however, a Breton sailor who had been wrecked on the coast. Finding the country to his liking, he had remained, taking up bis residence in the hulk ; had married, lost his wife, and was now passing his last years like a contented philosopher with bis two children, whom he. supported in comfort from the proceeds of bis fishing. On this morning his seine hang nndistarbed against the hulk, and Father Biel had plainly taken a holiday. In fact, it was the day fixed for the ' horse-penning' on Assateague Island, the liuk in the chain immediately south of Chincoteagne. This island was uninhabited, as it was entqeet to innnaations ; bat the grass there was luxuriant, and flourished throughout the year untouched by frosts. The fact was taken advantage of by the people of the adjoining region, who turned their horses oat to graze tbrongh the winter, taking them up. again in summer, and the ceremony of lassoing and securing them was accompanied by nproarioas festivities and general rejoicing. Crowds flocked to the island ; the wild horses were driven into a log pen resembling an open V ; tbe young men exhibited their prowess by catching them in the midst of shouts and outcries, and then tbe frolic bsgan, and only ended with the next morning. There really seemed to be no good reason why Father Biel should be depressed. He enjoyed the horse-pennings as much as anybody, and as he looked through the morning mist toward Assateagae the sight was cheerful. The water, Bhining with silver ripple?, was covered with boats filled with men, women, and children hastening to be present at the annual festival, and the distant shouts of the islanders as they hailed each other from boat to boat came to his ears mingled with the scream of white-winged seafowls hovering above the ripples. Father,' said a voice. It is coming/ muttered Father Biel, uttering a sigh and raising his head. In the doorway of the hnlk stood a very handsome girl of about nineteen, neatly dressed, with dark hair gathered in a knot behind her head. Will we go to the penning, father ?' she said, in a moody voice. ' Why not, daughter ? 1 have never missed one except the year Marie tied. Yes, yes, Catherine, we will go, 'Xoinette and all, ma ch.br e ' Catherine looked down at her linsey dress with a dissatisfied expression . I thought — I feel ashamed whsn I see other girls in new dresses and ribbons. Bat I would not mind to-day, if only at my wed ding—' 4 Ye?, I know what yon mean, daughter/ Think, father, how am. I to be married? All the girls would langh at me if I had no ribbons, and wore my eld li&Bey.;' Father Biei sighed. ' The new seine took all we had, he said. It I conid, I would bay you the ribbons and a fine wedding dress, but what can I do, daughter ?' Catherine hesitated for a moment. Then she said, in a low tone : 4 You might sell Ecume de Mer, father.' Sell Ecume de Mer !' cried Father Biel, nearly groaning ; that is, then, what yon have been hinting at. I thought so, and It has made me unhappy. Sell Eonme de Mer!' 4 Why not, father ?' How conld I ? Yonr mother, my poor Marie, used to ride her, and little Toinette loves her dearly.' But think, father — ' How oould It' repeated Father Biel, 1T1 A. mm f AnO (T Ln ITA knan IaaUSmm Iah — — vwuv# A. nnvv uggu ivvauig iUi" ward with joy to the day when she was coming back. She has been running all winter on the Assateagae grass, and is as f at aa a seal, if anything oonld make my white Blender little beauty fat. Sell Eonme de Mer, my poor Marie's favourite? How could I ever do u, daughter ? And think of little Toinette ! How tbe mare loves flu petite 1 Often when Toinette has ffl&yed; on the road in front of onr old hnlk Mer would come up slowly, atretoh ont|W/ glossy white head, and asa to becareBSed/A And little Toinette was not afraid ; she woolS smooth tbe mare's face, or push her away it ski took the fancy! and Eaome de Iter watt toes away, gambolling like a dog, only to come back running when Toinette called her.1 Catherine listened with a depressed ex pression, her roBy ohin resting upon her besom, and only sighed in response. Thereat worthy Father Biei was troubled in his mind. Was he not rather obdurate, con sidering all the circumstances? Catherine was engaged to be married to a handsome islander, and the wedding was fixed for the next month. The girl was fond of finery, and had set her heart upon a new gown and ribbons. Bat the purchase of the seine had exhausted the family exchequer, and how was be to bay the gown anlesB he sold Ecume de Met? Catherine waB a good girl, and it was against his heart to subject her to mortifica tion. Her wedding would be a sad affair if she were forced to foe married in a poor linsay. But sell Ecutne de Mer, bo beloved by his dead Marie and little Toinette ? How could he ? All at once Toinette oame oat of the hulk and ran down the steps, after whioh she pre cipitated herself into Father Kiel's arms, laughing and kissing him. She was a chubby little maid of five or six, the picture of health — rosy cheeks, plump arms and lege, and bine eyes, which looked out from a mass of curls of the colour of pale gold. 4 Ecume de Mer ! We will go and see her to-day, n'est cepas, papa !' said Toinette, who spoke indifferently French or English. Father Biei lookedup and said to Catherine, You see, daughter.' Then he put both arms around Toinette and kissed her. Yes, petite, we «re going to bring her back with us this evening, or perchance later. She will swim by the boat, and you may hold the halter ; she is certain to follow you.' And taking one. arm from around Toinette, Father Biei drew Catherine down to him, kissed her cheek, and m armored in her ear, 4 How could I?' An hour afterwards, Father Biei, accom panied by Catherine and Toinette, was rowing toward Assateague. The shallow lagoons were alive with boats decked with flags, and filled with young people as well as old. The rustic beaux and belles were clad in all their finery ; called gaily to each other as the boats passed, driven by lusty oar strokes ; and here and there through the mist, which the sun was routing as the morning advanced, glimmered the white Bails of sail-boats bringing crowds from the mainland. By noon the island of Assateague was alive with hundreds of people, old and young, men, women, and children, all thrilling with the excitement of the time. The logs for the hcrse-pen bad been provided days before, and the stoat young islanders were already busy building the breastwork which was to confine the wild horses. It was more than five feet high, and extended nearly across the island in the shape of an open triangle, its extremities nearly concealed from view by the tail grass growing aimoet to the height of a man. A little aside were ereoted booths, npon which tempting edibles were arranged for purchasers, for the horee-pennings were a species of fairs, where the rustic beaux could treat their sweethearts, finding the way to the maidens' hearts through their mouths. At an early hour in the afternoon the long breastwork was finished, and the declining eon warned the 4 drivers ' that it was time to begin their work. A large number of the young men had brought horses, swimming beside the boats, and these now mounted, often without saddles, and scattered in every direction to drive up the horses. An unusual number had been turned loose in the preced ing autumn, but they had grown exceedingly wild, and it was difficult to discover them in the tall grass, behind the rolling sand dunes. The drivers were, however, familiar with the work before them, and, forming a crescent resembling a line of mounted skirmishers, steadily closed in, driving everything before them toward the log harrier. Then the island of Assateague became the scene of immense excitement. With loud hurrahs the young men drove the frightened horses before them, the confused mass grow log ever more compact as it advanced. The herd came on like a hurricane, with tossing manes and shriil neighs. The galloping hoofs seemed to shake the ground, and as they closed in toward the breastwork, a long shont from the crowd posted on each wing of the structure mingled with the ones of the drivers. As the horses approached the trap laid for them, trampling breast high through the tall grass, they seemed to realise their peril, and attempted to scatter and escape. But the flankers were ready, and drove them back by heading them off. Then the rash of hoofs grew loader, the shrill neighing filled the air, and the herd were steadily driven into the arm 8 of the breastwork, where they were hemmed in. Father Biei, Catherine, and Toinette had watched these proceedings with the deepest interest. Even Catherine had lost her depres sion, and when her fiance passed her at a headlong gallop, taking off his hat to her and laughing, she said, blushing, to Father Biei, 4 How well he rides, father !' Your young man?' said Father Biei, with a twinkle of the eye. 4 Well, he is not a bad youtb.' All at once clapping hands were heard above Father Kiel's head, for he carried Toinette on his shoulder, and a voice fall of rejoicing cried : 1 V'la, papa ! There is Ecume de Mer !' Toinette had no eyes for any object but her dear mare. The beautiful animal, as white as snow, and with slender limbs, had passed like a flash of light, pursued by Catherine's 'young man.' An instant after wards she disappeared in the trampling herd, caught in the pen, and the young men, form ing line, prepared for the final ceremony of eeenring the animals. This was a test both of skill and courage. The frightened horses were rushing to and fro In the enclosure, and there was imminent danger of bring dismounted and trampled npon in the attempt to seize them. This work, however, the young islanders fearlessly set about, and after a struggle of more than three hours, the excited animals were either lassoed or caught otherwise and haltered. There was only «. single exception. One had leaped the log breastwork and disappeared in the gathering twilight — Ecume de Mer, Catherine's sweetheart, perhaps aware of the connection of ike mare with her wedding dress, had mede every effort to catoh Ecume de Mer. Bat at the very mbrneht When he drove through the press and attempted to throw a halter over her head, the fleet animal cleared the barrier, as high as a man's head, and disappeared in the sea of grass. The crowd, who had witnessed all, uttered a load shont of laughter, and as the young man oame back with his head hanging down, he was chaffed' anmereUally by his friends for his ill lack. 'The man who can't catoh a poor little white mare will never catch a wife !' cried one. A horse in the hand is worth two in the grass !' exclaimed another. And — 4 Try again — and don't let her kick yon ! was the sarcastic advice of a third. Catherine did not know whether to laugh | or cry with vexation. It was impossible to I secure Eootne do Mer until the next day, afl night had now come; and Father Biei, perhftp" sot ill pleased that the mare had escaped, said to Catherine: 'Take care of Toinette, daughter. I see my old friend Simon yonder making signs to me.' He sat down Toinette, and as he did so and disappeared in the crowd, the fiddles strnok up ; partners took their places for a reel in a space cleared for them ; and in the midst of the gay music and the buzz of voicss from the booths, Catherine gave her hand, laugh- ing, to her 4 young man,' and began danaing. The scene was picturesque. The sun had sunk behind the Virginia shore, but the moon had risen nearly at the same moment, and the broad disk of dark gold threw long shadows over the sand, where the surf was rolling in with its muffled murmur. Beyond the light of the torches around the booths and the dancers the tall grass waved like a green ocean in the night breeze, adding its whisper to the surf. At times the iong rows of wild horses tethered to the barriers stamped angrily or uttered shrill neighs ; and sea-fowl, attracted by the lights, wheeled over the revellers with startling screams. The Assateague festivities were in full progress, and the enjoyment general. Suddenly a cry was heard whioh rose above the mueic of the violins. 4 Where is my little Toinette ? I can find her nowhere !' shouted Father Biei. The music stopped, and the dancers gathered round Father Biei, who called to Catherine. 4 Where is Toinette ?' he exclaimed. 4 Oh, father ! — I thought — nothing can have happened to her !' Where is she? Perhaps among the horses, and trampled to death !' The stern and vibrating voic3 made Catherine burst into tears. 4 Look out for Father Kiel's little Toinette !' passed from mouth to mouth, for the rude islanders were the kindest-hearied of people, and speedily forgot all their merry-making in anxiety for the safety of the child. Toinette was nowhere in the encampment — that fact was speedily ascertained. Could she have wandered away to the beach, or into the tail grass, and losing her path there, found it impossible to make her way back to the camp ? Doubtless the latter was the fact. II she had gone down to the beach, the loud callB for her must have attracted her atten tion, and she had only to return aoross the beaten sand in the direction of the light of the bonfires which had now been kindled. Torches were lit at the bonfires, and the islanders were Boon hurrying in every direction, shouting and calling Toinette's name. Then the island of Assateague became a wild and picturesque tableau. The torches, moving across the expanse cf grass, resembled stars or will-o'-the-wisps; and the far cries were full of a weird and mysteriGU6 charm. Father Kiel had hurried off, followed by Catherine and her sweetheart, each holding aloft a torch, 8nd calling, 'Toinette! Toinette!' as they made their way through the trampled grass, for it had been traversed by the horses, and was full of winding paths. On every side was heard the same cry, 4 Toinette ! Toinette !' but no Toinette replied, and Catherine, bursting into tears, exclaimed, 4 Oh, if I had only done my duty, and held her hand, father, as you told me !' And looking at her sweetheart, with a sndden fire in. her eyes, she cried, 4 Why did you worry me to dance with you ? I wish I had never seen you ! And to think that only this morning Toinette cried when she heard me talking cf selling Ecume de Mer to boy my weddiDg drees !' 4 May the curse of St. Malo light on your wedding dress, and on — you !' Father Kiel nearly added. Catherine again burst into tears, ex- eUining, 4 Oh, no, no, no, father ! I'll never again. I have been so wicked ! 4 Toinette ?' shouted Father Kiel, harrying on. 4 Where is my child — my poor little Toinette ?' Catherine suddenly caught his arm, crying, 4 What is that, father? Is it a ghost ? She pointed to something white, faintly glimmering at the extremity of the circle of light from the torches. Father Kiel rushed forward, shouting, 4 Ecume de Mer! Toinette is not far off.' 4 Here is little Toinette, papa,' oame, in faint tonBB, in answer to the shout; and exclaiming, 4 Blessed be God 1' Father Kiel ran to the child, who was holding out her arms toward him. She was seated on the ground, and Ecume de Mer was standing quietly at her side, the white nose bent down and nearly touching her. The animal had plainly recognised her, and was asking to be caressed, and when Catherine and Father Kiel hastened to the spot, Ecume de Mer did not move. It is unnecessary to ray that Toinette was caught up and smothered with kisses. Shu was not at all frightened, and her prattle soon explained everything. She had gone to gather some flowers in the high grass, and then to find more; and then she light went away, and it was dark, and she was tired, and she e down to rest, and Ecume de Mer came and amelled her, and that was all till she heard papa call ber. An hour afterward the festivities were again b.-asc. The safety of Toinette had added zest to the general enjoyment. She was kissed by all in turn, and then the violins again struck up, the headlong reel vent on it-? way, and it was only when the sua rose on the ocean that the frolic ended. j t Just one month after the Assateague horse-penning a boat left Chincoteague, and was rowed to the mainland, Eoumaue M« following in its wake, led by Having reached the -Virginia, shore, Father Biei perched Toinette upon his shoulder, Catherine's sweetheart saddled the Ware and assisted hie bride to mount,', and the humble group 'went on their way to find the parson. Catherine wore her lineey dress, and there was no trace of mortification whatever on her happy face. Froni time to time she patted the neck of Bourne de Met, and seemed to rejoice. , Since the night on Assateague she naa never again alluded to the fine dress and ribbons. — 4 Harper's Monthly Magazine. 