The Electoral Act in in its amended form has gone through all its stages in the House uf Assembly ; and we have to congratulate the country upon the satisfactory settlement of a knotty question, whereby the rolls will be made up in time for the new electors to exercise tneir political privileges before Parliament meets in 1886. The Attorney General was notaltogether felicitous in his manner of dealing with the constitutional question which threatened at one time to destroy the working of the act. At first he resolutely expressed his determination to Btand by the measure he submitted, and he tried to awe the House by a solemn warning that if impediments were thrown in the way of his bill by private members, they would have to carry a heavy load of responsibility upon their shoulders. Then he gave way, in defer ence to the views expressed by Mr Dob son and others who did not see as he saw, and decided to alter the date for dealing with the electoral rolls ; but night after night hie' firmly Teiterated the declaration that the arguments of the Press were erroneous, and had no . influ ence whaterer upon him. This may be — and it matters but little what did inflnpnr».A +Vip bnnnmhlp frantic. man. nn long as there is a safe law to work upon, and the newly-enfranchised electors are permitted to go to the -poll in peace and safety. It would be unreasonable to suppose that Mr Dodds, who is both learned in the law and capable of deliver ing a sound opinion, will admit that he was wrong, much less that he was influ enced by any remarks uttered by laymen in the columns -of penny and twopenny newspapers ; but perhaps it would have been just as well, and indeed better, if he had kept that something to himself, as it could do no good, and might possibly raise a question 'in the minds of incredulous individuals who are never satisfied ! It was likewise unfortu nate that Mr Dodds announced so pre cipitately that he would not alter the bill, when the constitutional question was first debated. His yielding attitude when the committee next sat reminded one qnite involuntarily of Byron's Julia : — A little still she sttove, and much repented ; And whispering, ' I will ne'er consent' — con- sented. All is well, however, that ends well ; and we are thankful that the Attorney General has escaped the charge of obstinacy — for that is what Mr Dodds would have been guilty of had he per sisted in adhering to the objectionable sections of the bill, notwithstanding that some portions of tbe Press were rabid at the prospect of the session going on smoothly without a crisis. ' It is evident fsavs one section) that Ministers. in this matter, are the weathercock, not the wind' — a distinction without a differ - ence. Another daily, which is ever hungering and thirsting for the old system of 'Government by party,' rejoiced in the discovery of a kindred soul down South, and reproduced the article which probably led to the interruption of Par liamentary business on Wednesday. If the Attorney-General was invulnerable to the criticisms of the Press, Mr Bird was not unobservant: he could never have ventured to throw the business of the House into confusion by moving a want of confidence vote at this important period of the session, had he not been encouraged to do so by the foolish utterances of public censors, who would be the very men to turn round upon him had he succeeded in creating the confusion he aimed to accomplish. Mr Bird and his party may rest assured that the public quite understand the true position of affairs. It matters not the snap of his linger to Mr Bird and his party if they could only succeed in ousting Ministers. The business of the country may go to the dops if Mr Bird could only indulge in the luxury of forming a new Cabinet. V\hat, j let us ask, would be the result uf such a move ? Considerable time would be lost in the formation i..f a new Minisfrv. and again in the elections that would neces sarily follow. Tim practical effect of this would be to postpone the operation of the new franchise, and hold the Seats Bill in suspense for an indefinite period ; to sacrifice the public works policy, and throw into confusion the whole work of , the session. Sir Bird's party would be unable to hold the reins of Government for any length of time, nnd the advocates of ' government by party' would have the satisfaction of seeing the chaotic interval they have so industriously endeavored to bring about. We know not while we write how long Mr BirdVill- judged action will delay the business before the Bouse, but it is pretty certain that a few da}'„ delay is all that can come out of it — and this is bad enough at the moment that Ministers were piishing on the Constitu tion and Electoral Amending Acts, in view of obtaihing the Royal assent as early as possible. What an extraordinary time was chosen to question the financial proposals of the Government 1 Surely the debate upon the lunatic asylum, or visions of Hamlet's ghost at an hour when ' the glow-worm shows the matin to be near' did cause the member for Franklin to ' wax desperate in imagination' when he made himself the observed of all ob servers in thus befooling both the Parlia ment and the people. It is one thing to criticise measures in view of getting them amended ; it is quite another thing to upset everything in scrambling for a port folio. 'WttAB IB YE OA9 AN DONAl1 ? ' said A gardener to an excited raw looking loon, crawling through a hedge. ' Bock again,'* said Donal', and he hastily retired. This is the position ocoupied by the hon. mem ber for Franklin, who, instead of moving the motion of which he had given notice on Wednesday morning, after a badly spent night, declined last evening to move — 'That the financial proposals of the Government are unsatisfactory to this House The only reason he assigned for this remarkable .change of front, was that he expected his. notice of motion would have been treated as an ordinary one, and merely added to the others on the notice paper as No. 55, there to await its turn. This is certainly a proposition as cool as it is ? unprecedented. To ex pect any Ministry to -.proceed calmly with public ..business, while a direct notice of motion of want of confidence in the' Cabinet would form, probably for three weeks, part of the records of the House . ot Assembly, is an exhibition or ignorance of Parliamentary practice and the fitness of things almost incredible. The action of the hon. member for Franklin throughout his unaccountable escapade is what a great general termed worse than a crime — it is a blunder. We hold that when 'the members of Her Majesty's Opposition consider the policy and the acts of Ministers are detrimental to the interests of the country, it is not only the privilege but the duty of the leader of the Opposition to take action by giving notice of motion of want of confidence in the Government. But those who under take so important a duty should also be prepared with sound arguments in support of such a motion, and in the event nf itn bailiff rarrind. to undertake the responsibilities of ofiice, and to submit a line of policy calculated to ensure the support of the majority of the Legislature. If the Opi.sjsition ? is not prepared to do all this, it is detrimental to the interests of the country to throw obstacles in the way of public business, and to endeavour to weaken public confidence in the Government by such a motion as that which the member for Franklin so unwisely placed on the notice paper, and then so unaccountably withdrew. His action in this matter marks the member for Franklin as a' representative, without capacity to under take the responsible position cf a Minister of the Crown. THE INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION, The ; Attorney-General seems to have strong personal interest in defeating Mr Lette's motion for aid to the Launceston Exhibition. The debate on the question in the House of Assembly last night will be found in another column, and it will be seen . that' the utmost in- '? genenuity was used by the Attorney General to prevent any sum whatever being applied in aid of ? an Exhibition at Launceston. In consequence of the petty quibbles raised, Mr Lette moved that pro gress be reported, and leave given to sit again in committee on the question on Thursday next The English Mail per Austral. — The s.s. Flinders was to have left Mel bourne at noon yesterday for Launceston, but she was detained till 3 p.m , to brinj on the English mails per Auitral which date up to 28th August. The Austral, however, f anchored outside Port Phillip Heads, in consequence of some derange ment in her machinery. An order was telegraphed .from the -General Post Office to Queenscliff, to tranship the mails at the Heads, but it arrived too late. The Austral left at 12 30, and reached Hob son's Bay at 4 o'clock, after the Flinders had left. Cycling Mems. — The following is Mr Hallam's record of the times occupied in doing the distances between the various town on his 100-mile bicycle ride last Monday: — He left Perth at 6 '31 ; Epping, 7'45 ; Campbell Town, 8 '43 ; Ross, 9' 18 ; Tunbridge, 10 '8; Antill Ponds, 10 39; Oatlands, 11'42; Melton Mowbray, 1'43 ; Brighton, 3*15; - South Bridge- water, 3'40. Total, 9 hours 9 minutes ; being the best record as yet performed in the Australian colonies. The road was not particularly good, being heavy as far as Boss, owing to Sunday's rain, where he met with a head wind till he got to Constitution Hill, after which the wind was fair to the end of the ride. Mr Hallam also holds the best record so far for the 50-mile run, his time for that dis- tance being 3 hours 50 minutes from Oat- lands to Hobart. He is at present the owner of 28 bicycle trophies won in Hobart, from a start nearly every time from scratch. Eighteen of these were first prizes, 11 being very valuable gold medals. Rifle Competitcox. —The match post poned from Saturday last will take place to-morrow. Shooting will commence at 2 p.m. ; if wet a black ball will be hoisted at the Volunteer Buildings. Rifles — Sergeant - Major Welsh, Staff-Sergeant Beasley, Quarter-Master Sams, 'Sergeants Dooley, Baird, Connell, M'Lennan. Artillery — Sergeant-Major Martini, Ser geants Gurr, Blair, Corporal Gow, Bom badiers Mills, Andrews, Conway. Temple Bakd of Hope. — The usual monthly meeting of the above Band of Hope was held in the school- room adjoin ing the Temple lastevening, when Mr F. L. Fysh occupied the chair. After the meet ing had been opened by sinking and prayer, tbe chairman called on several of the members for dialogues, reading, reci tations, etc., which were gone through with great taste and feeling, and reflected great credit on the performers. After the meeting, 16 new members were enrolled, thus making the total number of members about 1020. The ' Young Lames' Jocrkax.'1 — We have received from Messrs. H'pv.rnod andMames the Tonng Ladies' Journal for October, with colored triple plates and gigantic supplement with all the latest Paris fashions; colored designs for slippers s.nd Rtrine for bracks '0.1 i/enl lumen : full si ?.i pattern for cutting out an vlegant clotlimaudu for ladies ; pattern for ladies' dressing slipper ; numerous interesting tales, including ' Heiress to a Million,' and 'My Darling.' The number is lavishly illustrated, and amongst the new music is the song, 'Cau you love me when I'm old.' Maktyks to rheumatism and gout need not despair. Daily's Liver and Blood Mixture is a ' reliable cure. Police Court. — At the Police Court yesterday, before Mr Ernest Whitfeld, ! J.P., a woman, agcJ 00, pleaded guilty j to having been, drunk and incapable on | the previous evening, and was fin«v] 5s, or in default 24 hours' 'solitary cji linement. A man, aged 66, and. a woman, aged 68, were charged with being idle and dis orderly persons, and were sentenced to three months' imprisonment eudh. New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company. —In consequence of its extension of business, this company have called for tenders for the erection of additions to its present warehouse in St. John-street, lately occupied by Mr R. J. Sadler. The tenders will be received up to to- morrow. The buildings will form ilu uuwuiiuj' tAmniicbiuii ui me iroiiLage between Cameron and Cimitiere streets, of which the Town Hall forms the southern corner. The following are the dimensions : — The building will have a frontage on St. John-3treetof 104ft din, and on Cimitiere street 75ft ; the wool warehouse will be 102ft by 43ft inside, with a height of 14ft; the hide and skin store will be 79ft by 25ft, and height 10ft. Both places will have cement floors. The front of this store will be laid out with four sliding doors, worked on cast-iron wheel?, And there will tos several sliding doors in the wool warehouse, which will admit of a cart being driven through from St. John sueei, jiilo v/imitiere-street. rne rronis on St. John and Cimitiere streets will be of brick-work, picked out with an enriched cornice ; quoins and keystones over windows and doors. r The roofs will be covered with galvanised iron, and part of the roof over the wool warehouse will be so constructed as to have three lights, such as arc used in most wool warehouses in Victoria, which are so adapted as to get the southern light, which is the best light for showing wool. The architects are Messrs. IL Conway and Son. Cycling. — Last evening Messrs. G. Peart (captain), C. Still, Taylor, Loredo (2), Lindsay, E and A. Miller, T. Robson, \V. Dell, Arnold, and Harrison, members of the Northern Tusmanian Cycling Club, left town at 7'45, and took a spin as far as Breadalbane, which was reached at 8 45. Breadalbane was left -at 9 30, and town reached about 10'30. The roads were 'found in fairly good order, in spite of the recent heavy rains. Mr Geo. Peart, accompanied by Mr E. Miller, rode on as far as Perth, from which place Mr Peart takes his departure to-day to do the 100 mile ride. As the weather pro mises fine, and Mr Peart is a well-known long distance rider, his brother cyclists expect him to make a good record to- day. T ? /S ? i.j. + j Uf T7 OUYHMLU VJUli-K WAM. UUliWIS, JU.U, ? We are requested to state that arrange ments have been, made whereby all members of this lodge, whose parents do not belong to a Friendly Society, can by a small weekly payment, ssoure medical attendance and medicine. The Juvenile Lodge meets alternate Tuesdays. Mechanics' Institute. — The attend ance at the Museum last night showed a decided incrc.ise on that of previous nights, Mr Biggs' microscope, and Mr t ~:t -ui ? i ? ? i — : ? :_n„ a uh cli iu us ueiug patronised. In connection with the latter depaitnient, Mr Henry, of the Telegraph Department, will give an interesting lecture to-night on the means employed in testing the submarine cables to ensure the completion of their circuit, and the perfection of their insulation. Races and Results. — On the return journey from the Campbell Town Steeple chase, there were a few passengers with more liquor than sense in their heads, who made themselves particularly ob jectionable to all parties io the carriages, - ladies included. The station master at the Corners, together with theguard, tried to put one of the larrikins out. They took him by the heels, and his companions t'lok^hiin ,l-y the hqad and shoulders, and it was a case of ' pull baker, pull devil,' but the majority triumphed, and the man who was riding on the gangway outside the c irriage was dragged iu by his associates. It is stated that the riotous conduct of these Bacchanalians re sulted in broken windows, etc., but as the authorities took the names of the offend ers, the Police Court proceedings will give satisfactory publicity to the affair before i ? : c ii ? _i ? ij *„i — . u „ - tive are po'itic. ; Football. — The Alabama and Albert's Second Club vriil meet to-morrow after noon, ou tbe Market Green, to play the deciding contest for a trophy. The Ala bama C!ub are requested to meet sharp at 2'30 o'clock, as they intend having their photos taken on the field before they start play. The Alabama will be repre sented by the following : — A. Gridley (capt.), R. .and J. Waugb, J. Gruliy, : H. : O'Brien, W. Hut ton, J. and A. Graves, W. Bennett, J. Sing, W. Cassiay,- H. Sykes, A. Clark, D. Williams, E. Walker, W. Healey, J. Collins, T. Collings, J. Ikins, F. Rigney ; emergencies— G. M'Cole, T Newman, J. Gentleman. The following will represent the . Alberts W_ Frith (captain), M. Regan, R. Lewis, J. Calder, J. Welsh, W. Edwards, C. Files, H. Fraser, P. O'Mara, F. Jonos, Galvin (2), Bracken, F. Boknd, Virgoe, Bryant, M. Burke, M'Gladery, Hathaway, Watheu ; emer gencies— L. Brown, Maloney, Phillips. — The City Juniors will proceed to Long ford to play a return match with the. Longford Club, by 'bus, which will start from the corner of Wellington and Elizabeth streets at 1 30. The City Juniors will be represented by the follow ing J. Young. Collins (4), Maloney, Deane (2), Ritchie, Carney, Rock, Harris, Lutteral, O'Leary, Atkinson, Williams, Bennett, Brown, Waldron, Edwards, Clephane, M'Auley, Lloyd, Duncan, M'Ewan,- Cassidy. On account of pres sure on our space, we are compelled to hold over our tabulated statement of the season's matches. Sports Meeting — It will be seen by an advertisement in another column that the time fcr receiving the entries in con nection with the complimentary sports meeting to Livingstone, close this evening at Dedinan's Sporting Ball, and the handicaps will be declared to-morrow morning. New Mode of Voting. —Many mem bers of Parliament were interested re cently in examining a full s:zed working model which has been erected in the Conference- room of the Hous* of Com mons, of a new stjleof polling booth, which claims to provide a simple self acting mode of ascertaining, with un erring exactness, the result of a Parlia mentary. municipal, or other election by ballot, as soon as the poll is closed, whereby complete accuracy is secured, secrecy is fulfilled, and illiterate voters are assisted. Instead of using voting papers, as at present, a metal disc or quoit is used, numbered consecutively from 1 upwards. The voter will advance to the front of the table of the presiding officer, and on proof that he stands numbered on the regiRter to the satisfaction of the pre siding officer, he hands the disc No. 1 to the voter, and directR him to the small secret chamber provided in the same room, where .the voter deposits h's vote. To assist an illiterate voter, each candidate — supposing there are three— previously selects a color, and the voter, on entering the secret chamber, faces three Biuall doors, painted with these colors He advances to the door bearins; : he color of his candidate, excluding lmiistlr by a self acini'i pr'C-'?-i from the other Hoors, and deposits his vote in a ^lot. pivjiaifd tor it, while .-l numbering instrument, covered aud seated, registers tho v ? ? ' ? ? f,u- that. cmdidate. More than ten electors can record their vote in ono minute »t. one secret chani' er, and sev.-ral such chambers can be working in tbe same room, if necessary. The vegetable kingdom provides remedies for all diseases. Daily's Livc-r and Blood Mixture is obtained from a Tasmanian in digenous shrub, and is wonderful in its curative properties. Suffereis from fevers, diarrhoea, dysentery, rheumatism, gout, diphtheria, in fluenza, asthma, coughs, colds, or liver affec tions, should give it a trial. Wesleyan Band of Hope. — The annual public meeting of the Wesleyan Band of Hope was held in the school-room, Patterson-street, last evening, and was ] attended by a large and appreciative audience. The Rv.v. H. Saloway occupied | the chair, and opened the meeting with i nn able and stirring address, which was j followed by a song by Miss West, piano duet by Misses A. and L. Holland, song by Mr Tevelein, recitations by Master Holmes, Mr F. White, and Mr Basil Dawson ; piano solos by Misses Dawson and Mrs Kelly. A reading by the Rev. H. Saloway and a spirited address by Captain Wyrill terminated the meeting. Northern Agricultural Society; — On Wfldnesdav: October 14. the annual exhibition under the auspices of the above society will be held at Longford, when prizes to the value of over £400 will be offered for competition. Besides the Governor's special prize of £10 for the best weight-carrying hack, and 17 specials presented by members amounting to over £90, the hunter classes are better pro vided for this year than ever. They include a special prize of £10 presented by a member, in addition to the society's £5 first, and £ ? second prize, for best hunter tip to idst ; a special prize, £5, presented by a member, in addition to the society's £5 first, and £2 second priz*, for best hunter nn to 12st : and a snecia.1 nrixe of two guineas, presented by a member for best hunter in either of the above classes. The New Safety Lamp. — Mr William Morgan, of Pontypridd, Wales, has been awarded a gold medal at the International Inventions Exhibition, London, for the best safety lamp for the use of under ground workmen. It was at one time popularly believed that the Davy lamp waB non-explosive, but the light emitted was so small that it was almost impossible for the miner to find his way about to work by it. Then came the Clanny lamp, which was considered a great boon to ihfners, as they obtained through the glare a comparatively good light. But the Royal Commissioners engaged in inquiring into the cause of explosions in mines invented a method of testing the resisting power of the wire gauze employed in the manufacture of all safety lamps hitherto used. Upon experiment the startling result was discovered that not a single lamp hitherto used had mote than from two to ten seconds' resisting power. This meant that a miner in a fiery mine would only have that short period of time, after discovering that gas had fired in his lamp, to reach a place of safety before the imprisoned fire within the gauge would leap out and fire the whole body of gas in the mine. A few seconds rtould elapse before the miner would be able to snatch up his lamp and start on his hurried retreat. Then, if the length of space occiipied by the inflammable gas happened to be longer than he could cover in his run for life, the gauze would emit the flame, and the mine would be fired before he had reached a place of safety. There is no doubt many an awful explosion has thas been brought about, and the poor miner who could have explained the whole matter was not spared. to tell the tale. It will .be seen, therefore, that what has been sorely heeded is a safety lamp of such a nat ire as to be competent to hold imprisoned tbe fired gas until the miner would have a reasonable time to make his escape. This is what the Royal Commis sioners have regarded as the primary object of their inquiry, and this has been now attained by the safety lamp invented by Mr William Morgan, Pontypridd. As much pressure has been applied to it as 21b per square inch, representing an air current velocity of 360 miles per hour, and it remained intact. It withstood this tremendous amount of pressure for two hours. His invaluable new .safety lamp has been patented in the United, Kingdom, Belgium, Austria, and the United States of America. Mr William Morgan has been invited fo '&hibit; in Germany. Mr William Morgan is by profession a sculptor, but has always been a student of arts and science. His latest invention is calculated to benefit the whole mining world. Three of his brothers — Messrs. David, Edward, and Jacob Morgan — are residents of Launceston, and connected with the building and monument lines of business. In Wales they took great interest in mining operations. 