Hilary's Husjtand. HTLABY stood leaning against a rugged old oak just outside the farm-house gate, watching her lover as he drove away from her forever. It was - a londy road; there were neither neighbors nor paqpers-by to peer curiously into her face, and Aaron never once looked round as he went; she need not have pressed back the tears so resolutely. But she stood perfectly calm and still, looking fixedly down the road after the retreating wheels, though feeling as if she were watching a hearse that bore away her heart to burial in some far-away graveyard beyond reach of tears. When thejlast flutter of dust had laid itself in the road'behind the gig, like a sorrow momentarily lulled to deep, but ready to start into life at memory's first breath, the girl raised her clasped hands-above her head, end closed her eyes tightly as if to shut out the vision of the long dull years to come, stretching themselves aimlessly into the distance, empty, loveless, and hud like the blank road before her. ' Then die turned and walked steadily into the house, and up the narrow stairs into her aunt's room, and sat down by the bed, folding her dender hands in ha lap, and looking down at the invalid with tired grey eyes that seemed suddenly to have discovered the end of all things, and to know that henceforth they must always look back .instead of forward. The paralytic neither saw nor heard when Hilary came in. She lay as she had lain these many months,-i—past seeing, past hearing, past suffering, yet living still, though as utterly dead to her old life as had the Beguiescat in pate already been written in letters of marble above her. For/ a long time Hilary sat by the bedside, absolutely motionless, save when she mechanically leaned forward to brush a fly from her aunt's brow, or smooth away a crease in the oounterpane, or straighten some small crookedness that unconsciously arrested her eye. One's outward senses are never eo peculiarly alive to trifles as when a great crisis of fate holds all the spirit spell-bound. . So now the various consecutive sounds of every-day farm-life struck sharply through to Hilary's brain, and she rose obediently from her seat at the first stroke of the bell ringing in the men from the fields to their evening meal. She lingered a moment before going down, to look curioudy at herself in the glass. No; this change that had come was all in her life—not in herself. There were no wrinkles amid the faint horizontal lines that crossed her forehead, no hollows in the smooth j pale cheeks, no faded threads in the ^blonde braids that oovered her head in suoh profusion. She looked the same now as when she had run down so blithely to bid her lover welcome only an hour before. She pressed her thin, sweet lips together, and shook her head as if to fence off memory, and then dowly descended to the dining-room, where Farmer Perkins and his wife, with whom die and her aunt had boarded ever since she could remember, were already seated at the table, which was set for iour, and had that air of elaboration'aboHt it whioh tables, like people, put on for an expected £uest. "Why, Where's Aaron?" asked.Mrs. Perkins, in evident disappointment. " I made sure he would stay, and opened a jar . of my best strawberries, though young men axe that ignorant, I believe he'd all as soon have had orab-apples." "He couldn't wait," Hilary answered quietly, as she took her place ana busied herself with her napkin. " He had a great deal to do." Farmer Perkins raised his busby brows without lifting his eyes from his plate. " Had he, then ?" he said K with good-humored doabt. " I'd be'glad of the day when Aaron Johns had a deal to do." "Yes," answered Hilary, lifting her head with a desperate feeling that it was best-to get through the worst at onee. " He had so: little time. He leaves to-night for the West —for Omaha." " What 1" The exdamation oame from Mrs. Perkins. Her husband ^merdy suspended his operations with the waffles, and stared at Hilary ddeways. " Yes," die continued, in a perfectly qaiet,- unemotional voice. "He said he had : failed long enough here, and he was sure to get a start there. It's a poor opening a young lawyer has in a little country town like this, he says." " Bight enough there," assented the farmer, resuming his knife and fork and appetite. "We ain't so dishonest about here yet, that many folks can earn a living swearing blaok is white for tie. . Hell do a sight better in that lying country where he's going. He's a smut enough fellow too, i4 Aaron. Give him a start, and he'll not come in with the hindmost." " Well, I am took baok," said Mrs. Perkins dowly, quite forgetting to spread her bread in her surprise, absently eating the-butter in little lumps off the end of her knife, as if test-; ing it. " I can't seem to settle down to it. Who'd have thought he'd go off so iradden, for all the world like a rocket before the matoh is set to it! And when is he coming hack to fetch you, Hilary ? " " He/is not coming back." "Notever?" "No." The girl answered steadily enough, But her eyes fell. " Hilary," said Mrs Perkins solemnly, leaning forward to look at her, with both elbows on the table, "you don't mean you've been' keeping oompany with Aaron Johns this twelvemonth baok, for him to give you the go-bye like that in the end? " " There isn't any go-by about it/' replied Hilary quickly, a not orimson root ooming to each cheek. " We've broken with each other —that's all. He wanted me to go with him, and I wouldn't. How could I leave aunt, ^hen she's only me in all the world to stay by her and dose her eyes decently when dn dies ? " " Come, come," said Mrs. Perkins sympathetically. " I don't know as your church is stricter than ours, though it's true EpisoopalB have queer notions; but I do think there oughtn't any religion to expect a young girl to let go so likdy a fellow as Avon, and tie herself down to a half-dead body like yon poor, unknowing oreature upstairs, that can't tell porridge from cider." "I don't tie myself to her," Hilary answered. <%od tied me to her when lie left us two all alone in the world, and I ean't undo a duty of God's making." . There was silence for a time, during whioh Mrs. Perkins gazed fixedly at the girl, oooasionally giving some tempting dish an abrupt puBb in her direction, and once going to the pantry to eut off a slice of particularly successful election cake, whioh she . silently put on Hilary's plate, as if wishing to offer Such alleviations of destiny .as were in her power. "Don't you feel bad, Hilary?" she briisquely aBked, at last. " Very true, my dear," said MM. Perkins' approvingly, considerably cheered by the answer. "That's the only proper way to take afflictions.; That's just what I'said myself when the blaok hen wouldn't set, and all the, eggs went addled. And I dare say therell be some other young man along all as good as Aaron, and a stay-at-home besides. There's Nathan Taylor, now. He's none so bad when you get used to his squint. Oh, you needn't think you've had your last chanoeyet, Hilary. There'r-many a hook slips a fish that lands its second easy. Hilary shivered ever so slightly. " There'll never be any one else for me, Mrs. Perkins. Doirt let's talk- about it. Are you going to look over those currants to-night ? Shall I help you?" " Well, yes, if you like," answered the good woman briskly. "Four hands is always better than two at a job, and there's nothing like pioking over currants for diverting the mind. It's the most distracting thing I know of. I set myself right to it the night after my little Jim was buried, and it consoled me wonderful. It was really providential that he died in currant-time. I'll fetch 'em right in." They all left the table together j and the farmer took up his straw hat from the .chair where he had thrown it upon entering, then turned back awkwardly to lay a heavy hand on Hilary's shoulder. " Hilary, my girl," he said kindly, you're made of pretty decent stuff. You'll do." By-ten o'clock that night all apparent life had oeased in the little farm-hotase. Save in Hilary's room every light was out, and all hut she were sunk in the dreamless deep' of the hard-working. But Hilary still sat by her aunt's bed, lost-in thought and taking no note of time. At last she roBe, with the look of one who has come to some solemn decision, and, .going to a tall chest of drawers that stood square and ungainly in a corner of the room under the sloping roof, she took out a white muslin dress that had lain there undisturbed since her first and only ball, and whioh" was still very fresh and unrumpled. She dibok it carefully out of its creases and laid it by while Bhe sought for various other dainty articles of apparel,—her one pair of sDk stockings and kid slippers, a white, ribbon sash, a bit of rare old lace,—and then, taking off her plain stuff dress, she proceeded to make a fresh toilette from head to foot, even rebraiding her heavy glasses of hair and arranging them in a way that suited her better. She stood at last fully dressed In the soft white muslin,—very fair, very bride-like. But something was still wanting. Brides wear veils. Ah, she must borrow hers.. That little Shetland shawl, soft as spun silk and cobwebby as lace, which had been her aunt's pride in bygone days,—what could better fit her need? With trembling hands she unfolded it from its many wrappers and threw it over her head, fastening it deftly here and there to her shining braids. It fdl fleecy and light over her shoulders and floated far down over her dzese. It was the finishing touch. Steady all was complete -now. But no; did ever-bride go to the altar without a flower upon her ? Hilary hesitated an instant, then gathering her white skirts closely around her, with her long veil flung over one bare white arm, down she went, noiselessly as the ghost, she seemed, to the tiny hall below. She listened anxiously. Had the creaking wooden stairs betrayed, her ? There was not a sound indoors save the old dook ticking weariedly in the corner, where it stood like a sentind at his post waiting to be relieved. Another step and she readied the front door, slid baok the bolt, lifted the latoh/and passed out into the daxkand dewy garden. Her heart beak high as she stole eoftly dowii between the shrubberies. There' was tmt moonlight enough to make the darkness visible, and to show herself a ^nisty white spot upon it, - strange in the midst ca strangeness, as if *«Ioad had fallen to earth land gathered a Bemblanoe of human shape in falling; tin. rustling of the; leaves was as so' many faint Bpirit-voices askingin frightened whispers who and what she was that had thus oome among them; the tan fdt odd Mid unaccustomed beneath her feet; the air was damp and heavy with too sweet odors ; bats flew low across her pathway with ugly, flapping wings,-and her ears tinged with a thousand Httiesounds that sheseemednever to have heard before. It was a gruesome hour for a * 1 to be oat alone, but die kept (steadily on S : way, down between the straight, stiff flower-beds. The lilacs were long Binoe done blooming, and the lilies and the eyringas too. She thought of these last with'a «igh; they would have been qaite like orange-blossoms. There were plenty of white balsamSand white phlox ahd candytuft too, on either tdde; but she passed thorn swiftly by, never pausing till she oame to the very end of the garden, where a white rose-bush, laden with hiJf-open buds, seemed to have iiloomed purposely for this hour. Hilary broken off th&flowers; Vnth hasty hands,—a lew for her breast and a li for her hair were all she needed,—-and thr with an exultant thrill at her heart, she tun and retraced her steps ^ through the fitful moonlightandlhernystOTious shadows, jthat seemed to turn when §hs did, and toohase her with gliding, dusty 4ootstep8,-A8 though loath to ut wiw a v_ .. v Bat the house was reaebed itt 'S*tety l 4he doors redosed npon that stfangefrunfamiliar s world_ofnight outdde, andHflafy stood oooe more in her room before the glass^ smiling a! jadlittlewnile of triumph aVlierself. Yes, it was-all complete now. There lacked nothing save only some one to say that she was fair. She glanoed shyly at her own image,ashamed of her involuntary pleiasares in its sweetness, and turning away went to the bed to bend down over the poor invalid, who was no farther from her npw sleeping than waking, and softly kissed her fordiead. : : : . ." Aunt," die murmured beneath her breath, " 2 take you as, my witness." , The clock in the hall below struok deven; the lamp began to fiioker^and torn dim; Hilary saw she must not delay. ^ •; From some hidden hook that hdd her ohoicest treasures^he took out a daguerreotype and plaoed ifopfen upon the table. It was the likeness of a good-humored^ sturdv young fdlow of about three'and twdity, with a beardless faoe and bmeit. blae eyes, and, big, awkwanl hands, brought into' brad relief againBt the uncomfortably fitting Sunday otfat. It was not altogether admirable as a work of art, but Hilary looked at jt With loving eyes as die knelt by the -table in her bridal dra v peries, and opening her prayer-book laid her right hand npon the pioture and repeated albud in a grave, hushed -voice, firm with jre- u i t solve and ctwee't witty jonqtterahle love: Hilary, take tfeee, Aaron, to be my wedded husband, to have and toxoid from this: day forward, forbetter for worse, for richer for poorer, in sickness and in health, to.love, cherish, and t&bbey;, till death us do part, aocording to God's holy ordinance; ana thereto \ I give thee my trot^. ^ v , The strange rite was not ended yet. Should die not too wear a marriage symbol upon her hand, like all women who have sworn ithis vo w ? Still on her knees, Hilary readied root for a spool of ydlow silk in her basket, and, knotting a dender; thread firmly about her wedding-finger, sloped over it: a little ting whieh die had heretofore always worn on the other hand. Now ahe felt wedded indeed, ancl bending forward ehe pressed her lips against the onrespopdve pioipred lace, blushing. infi oVSr hotly in sweet shame.'.V , r 1 ; And iso the wfeird mid nigh tjeremony cante; to an end, and Hilary tcied, iolded-np :her wedding garments one fay.one and laid , them tenderly iaway for ever.-with the white roses that had scarcely yek lost their dew, returned the'pioture to its hiding-plaoe, blew oat the light, crept dlently' to ner couch* and there motionless as ^ sleeping.figure in the bed beyond, but with wide, bright eyes that refused to close, though all was so dark and still. Ftom that night a new life liegan for Hilary—a life unshared by any, unknown'to any, and o! which the only oatward sign was that tiny silken thread upon her finger,,which die replaoed 'as often as^It loosened or showed dim^and winch, irafdy liidden as it, wasrbeneath the little trumpery garnet ring, provoked no manner of oomment. Or if occasionally it caug&tfe; curious eye, her simple answer—" It is only to remember something by"—was a quite sufficient explanation. But everything was changed to her from that night. She wore, only the ; ribbons that -he best liked her in; every new, gown was chosen and fashioned' wholly according to his taste. Every Christmas, every birthday, she 'worked him presents that none saw save the poor to whom she gave them in his stead. " Aaron's handkerohiefa moat' be nearly worn btit by now, 1 ' she would'„say soberly to herself. •• I must hem him-some more." Or—"Aaron's shirts can surely hold no longer; I muiit make him another set. His wife must not neglect him." And the needy creatures who rebelved her'gifts little knew what pure and perfect' love had aided in their making. Onoe a year, upon her wedding. anniversary, as she called it |n her. thoughts, she always made a little feast to'mark out the day from its uneventful fellows. Was it not natural enough sometimes to call a few friends together ? And no one' thought' of noticing that on those occasions die invariably wore a bunch of white roses at her breast. And so the years went by. The poor old. aunt quietly dipped away altogether out if the life upon which die had so dight a hold; the farmer and his wife became old and infirm, and upon Hilary, who had grown to be more daughter than guest in the house, now devolved much of the real management of the homestead.' But who, seeing the quiet, middle-aged woman moving methodically and prosaically about her work, Blurring no homely part of it, neglecting no wearisome detail, would have guessed that she hid such a bright fresh romance in her heart, and was glad of it and comforted by.it through all the londy days, and, through all the tedious commonplaces of the monotonous routine? Aaron Johns had been heard of but onoe sinoe he drove angrily away through the sunshine and the dust, never turning to look back at the girl who could so lightly let him go; and that once when Farmer Perkins brought home word from town that Aaron had gone on from Gmaha to Denver, and settled there, and had married a wife and was doing well. Hilary listened with ne deepening of colour, no quickening of her even pulses, but with a curious sense that Aaron had committed a crime, and that she was responsible for his sin. But even that feeling wore off soon, and Aaron remained her dreamhusband still, her secret counsel in emergencies, her daily director and helper and comforter, while she tried to think of him as keeping pace with time, and to imagine him every year with hair a little more gray, and eyes a little less blue, and cheeks a little more sunken and furrowed. " I should knew him anywhere if I saw him," she often said to herself. Of course he would not recognize me now; - but my love has kept step with his changes, and he oould not have grown away from it," And so the years doe day Farmer Perkins* returned jl bringing a wonderful bit of neift' * "Hilary," hesaid,as he vatd the.galmB of both'hands ^ mat looting solemnly ather.'b^$lu£.. " Aaron Johns is bade. He's pii^Sp; hit of money and' buried his and now he's oome On aJi^t'^f^ old place looks. ItoliThimJie'd &iij; the same apisverj only the ' dead.. He wanted to k^ofr &peeifl; alive still. I alwayseudhe ^iii was Aaron. I knew he'd get' <?a.*>... v .. " You don't mean Aaron's b^dcj" Perkins exclaimed, all in a flutter .we men! at onoe.' •' Now I shouldn't he'd really oome'tor she's been a-waiting xeady to them years )" She went about all when at last word was was there and asking' fcfo H&tihe; meet him like one walking in adrttB will never know me* die repeatei sett., "I have r*- he; yet I fed that I die 3 — v x -* •'•f^SsI _ And then she heard a voice j " Why.^ she's positively not ! allthese twenty yearaT knbwn you ibe^world over ' eyes slit, «aw a stranger stan .her, a large, ; tftoiit m&itifflial; bqshy, red-brown whidcert^dnfttja! anywherq on all his xoahd, jgocril* ta&. WMthisAaron? WAAFFPOTT.,..^ this was bet Not a look, not a tone, |il t came upoh her like 'a ?a%ay1ier br&th.; She boa&Y; hnndineilenoe; . • . -.V.^ ^ . very, yery iamel" he < lighte>%. ^ Ndthing is oha> * changed. The same plaoe,; .the same people.' If is as if the had been deeping an enchanted djaev^ are. no improvements, no incovafegofi,'? alterations anywhere—not so; board torn down. Everyboj} have beoame jiis own grand swear I saw some the very' street to-day jthat I saw twenty jk. J ddightfuL Yd)i oan't think lu^rj man, after he has lived iralohgior perpetaBi oefness ,ah$ alar; " step back to some e^bt ^tribji standstill, and. wherethfereis: new nnder the sun.. Shoi$3; me, Hilary ? Itogive meV i yon by anything but the old* > She hafcn't ahy other jpatting her shoulder atdy. * Oar iBfBM 3^' townsfolk ^Olj juBt asdie wui said Aaron, looking with ^ dimfigore iuid.senfle;^ has stood more still with tfihg-dBe. JBatI'maf«Hj^„, Bhe^ushe4'deq)W all over faoe.and herayes mopped. Bheanswered, ^! batyoa 4o not emm snmbj^^i . And lay M ahe ^bol^ ihqf " that fonowed,shecould iziefe^; into Jus ownplace.. He was i together, hOt ihe.old Aaron:*!. , loved. and.ta.whom ihe iu^ beaa^ hSTYC tikoiagh the yeari; »IB ^ ^ ^ hinu^ Hispreseneewasa co; her,^ if hisr^Landhisim^, always at war with each^itiia; _ Was too Btout, too noiBy, too awiylpily too exuberant good spirits. JBs ' " ,1uin too well, cod 8he missed and; the limjP mUar, and thabig ' ihain. ^ Aud he foamed sjftk no^ and; wore. diirta. beyyq^ ocuple skill «onld fadu^n. JET 5 veay pleasant ; die fbond job as he wM.r it was ohTy tiiat ^ Aafon'of herd^wims, 1 .. :' And when one evening, as hi jfaic her good-bye,he cam^jnearer andisaf « HHaty, will you go West with me when I go baok?*' she trembled ^olenM, anient airoy'lier iand, looking vp'alvj vrilii fail of perplexity.^ / : ; .;->>-J \- "On, Aaron, give me tame, givei'me die faltered. 41 1 do not know^T —letinefiiink, n . , She sat up late In her own ifoom that xu^u., as she had sat there nnde so many yeiotnbei fore, blinking it all over with a di^ffibtiliaut. Tbero wai ho he^>less form stfetched bed beside her now. There was absoJnlely.no one to keep heir back—nothing to keepTher from him. She had been true to him alltl^e yeurs ; she had shut out all other love firom her heart because of that loBt love of bis? and now he bad brought it back to htt jto be hers, and hers always, if she Wotdd. How^I ooqld ehe do dse than reaoh out to liim hand that she had given him stb many years ^ ago? She looked down at it, fing^zing^tiie ^ little gold thread; nervously.- Mast' die j^tj; with that? Could any ehining wedmi^J 7 ring ever bedearer to her than that had beett? v It would T>e like unsaying an bid vow, like casting off an old allegianoe, to take thierK thread away. Bhe went to her desk and took the little daguerreotype from its hiding- plaoe.' ^ A faint odor of rose-leaves dung to-it, like ft ; tangible emanation from all the gentle and:"' sweet associations with whioh it had enriched her life. A tranquilizing sense of peaoe^stole over her as she looked down at the dear fahiiliar face that had smiled' changelesdy back at her for so long. Oh, was the reu Aaron,—this was the Aaron to whom she had given her heart—tins was the Aaronwho had been with her Hiill he had grown into every fibre of her being.; How pould'she'be faithless to him now, givihgiierseif away to that otiier and different Aaron who had so boldly oome in to daim her ? - . "Oh, no, no l" she cried aloud, darning the pioture. to her heart with a Budden 4 paroxysm of foolish tears; 1 1 cannot—I cannot! Aaron, my dear picture-love, yoa have been my all when I had no. one else, and I will not give yon up. This new Aaron is not the same, ana if I took him in your plaoe, it would be like divorcing myself from yoa to marry him ; and I should miss. you, oh, I" should miss you till I died 1" And so, merely for sake of a dream whioh She could not banish, Hilary sent her lover away once more, and stood at the end of her story as at the beginning, watching him as he drove disconsolately down the road, knowing th&t; she should never see him again. But he turned this time to wave his band to her in-- friendly farewell, feeling vagndy, parhaps, that she was right after all, and that the Hilary lie loved would cease to be the same transplanted to foreign soil. And , when he had disappeared and the dast had settled quietly down behind him, Hilary turned with a smile on her lips to re- enter the houses Farmer Perkins stood upon the threshold, watching her somewhat anxiously. She went' up to him and laid her hand apon his shoulder. " Aaron is going back to Denver to-morrow," she said, still Bmiling. ^ And —I shall stay behind again." "Hilary, my girl," said the old ^mau earnestly " I've always said it, you'r made of pretty decent stuff, and"—he took off liis spectacles and wiped them carefully—"andI think you'll do, Hilary—you'll do." Grace Benio Litchfield, in the Century. , 