A WANT OF THE MODERN STAGE. Wise Xact ) WHAT has become of comedy t This question iusists'Öirsug^sting itself to every 1 reader of the excellent and beautifully equipped edited! of Sheridan's ° Comedies," just published by Messrs. Chatto and Windus. The'tSitor of this jil<asing_quRvto is Mr. Brander Matthews, of dcamnthytritic and man of Setters well known. onthe other side of the atlantic. Mr. Matthews has given us an excellent Sheridan, -With a biography, notes, and showed very- attractive illustrations. P«dta,]M Mr. Bar- I nard's Miss Terry maiR Mr. 'Irving as Lady Trade and Jesif/Jfi Surface is the best? of these drawings, undersold like- ness and' character are capitally' caught. Mr. Jefferson as Bob loves doesnT»ot look as if his courage were '©sziugoUl in the familiai*-V7ay, and he might even be mis- taken for the fearless Sir junius. There is more vraisemblance in Mt, Abbeys sketch, " from ye Quick," as Doyle used to put it, of Mrs i* John Gilbert as -star 'J'etci^eade. As to Sheridan's biography-., Mr. Matthews finds himself working in p. " thrice ploughed field," or gleaming where '-too many gleaners have been Piffero during. His only discovery is a kind of grass?, though a very plausible one, and he seems to have produced at 'lend a goo'cL working hypothesis of how Sheridan get money to buy out Lacy's half-share of <3Drury- livne Theatre." The conjunction of Sheridan and a large sum of money was a marvel and a mystery to his conleiujaarai'ies, and puzzles the minute philosopher even to tie press sut day. The solution, if Mr. Matthews be right, is not more magical and sensational than the true story of the firm jus ghost in Berkeley-square, distinctly the flattest and honest conclusion of-way eng ina in ancient or modern times. In f; act, Sheridan probably manipulated his bud get in a manner familiar to Mr. Micawl ter, and to Pip and Herbert Pock out. He left a margin," or something very like it. We did hope that Mr. Matthew we could prove Sheridan to have robbed a church to endow a theatre cr to have being the famous Beau Brocade, and tab on purses on Bagshot-heath. The real solu- tion, if we have it here, is exhisunely sion du like all great discoveries, like the real facts about the birth of Moliere's wife and sim i lar biographical conundrums. Probably th >e truth about The Man in tlieJIror. Mask i '8 (as Louis XV. declared) just i as. common place. But everything becomes exciting' when a mystery rises round ityami-fc-i-eeialists in the affairs of " Shei<iduuio.-> iheLces" will scarcely thank Mr. Matthews for his revela- tion of the hero's budget. The same idea that Sheridan borrowed the money could only have been invented by some confiding a soul. Why, who would have lent Sheridan, of all people, some £20,00, asid who entered- lieved Sidney Smith's report of Creer's re- [ port that a fortune hasbeen left to the R'ltlior of " The Rivals ?" ." Mrs. Sheridan and I," said Sheridan to 'Cltscvy((tiSffiording,U this myth) have made the solemn vow to each other to mention the fortune to no one, and nothing induces me maw to-confide it to-you but the absolute conviction that Mrs. Sheridan is at this momcjrt/coiifiding- ii to Mrs. Creely upstairs."' Leaving this affair il-'nibr6&c; (thegither cial mystery would have delighted Balzen) we may return to our original question, . whither has secretly Bown'? , like Astrea ( but by no means for the same reason . comedy has deserted the earth. Now the h historian of the drama, and walters about the philosophy of art an ex-general, have always some plausible vity of Ha.cûountin<*f for the periods of trial and , flow in matters of taste. They ¡pdiutuQut that a luxurious settled society is meeting amuse- ment after a period of strain and stress generally evolved a highly sinecessieil drama. They necessarily quote Attaojw after the Medic affairs, Paris after the fronde, London after the storm was ,(lrar<g, of the Reformation and the Catholic section, Louden again in the age of Chalgrove, when the Stuarts had been got rid of. in such ages there is a demand for (which is fol lowed by a supply of comedy. Wiel|,»aurely we now possess all the conditions. Ours is a i luxurious, and (to some extents) a refined. society. We are clrewS&tUy; in want of amusement. The skittle flourished (as the Irishman and by a natural confusion) -"like a green ifcy horse." she have "humours" as rich and oddities as many as in Moliere's or She; Man's span of time. If sellers had "/>/eíí< rates" and ?' Femmes Savantes" so have we. " ~ that the " The Colonies" -and work 2 If . ^ Patience" as comic satires of life, compared to the immortAl pieces of Potueliu ? As tU schemes, according to Aristophanes " have 'tried every kind of experiment except female suffrage,-" so have we. Cut where is ^modem- Enstish." Lifiisírala'1.or" Trieste jpL<;fi-t:iiSfv ?" Cay, where have we even a comedy of satire, to-day which ea be read with; so much diversions as a piece Out reads better than it acts, M. Pailleror/s "Le Arif A man seemed" AJr. Manuel -Matthews in his notes points to the scene of Um wharf Sheridan found in the humours of Bath. Brighton, too, has its heroes, tot who dreams that coming generations yal road "Brighton" u we read the Rivals." That we have not in the strict sense a modem school of writers of comedy may be as T *tmlsm- Perhaps the only expia M sion 3 that a in one has to 4 on al, ut wearing Slwridan's mantle to any aW qrs e extent' ' as Artemus Ward said about Shakspeare. It is not that the demand is inadequate. for a good orMnal sy)t afarce,orburle4ae, or S S«ima,Cr anything of that sort, enter. Rising managers would pay very highly, sweets money in it," pay, There is a . fortunate in it. Ambition, again, is not want I P.g. Most novels (and several of fAW '. novelists have humour) keep the dress ftYid hope of a comedy in the back settlements of their brain, and probably have a sketch of such a composition in one of their drawers. Once more, our actual dramatic writers have wit. 2 Mr. Ben and has lavished quantities of -to it on such works as " Happy Thoughts," which itself is a kind of disorganised comedy of " One Man in his Humour." Mr. Gilbert has plenty of wit ; Mr. Anstey can make people laugh, on this side of Tweed the late Mr. Byron had infinite fancy, and it would be easy to add to the list of living humourists. But somehow their talent turns aside to burlesque, fat co, the Gilberts train opera, melodrama, comic novel-to everything but the fine and delicately humorous pictures of life in action which are especially named comedies. The usual tendency of the preacher or such topics is tra blame the public and the managers. The managers AH says declare that they are pining for English comedy. English comedies are Yuobably showered on them in manuscript, but they accept Very few, and prefer adaptations from the French. Now these Adaptations do deserve all the evil the judicious can say of them. " Pet ii," " Inquilsej'1 "Tliolion was ter " represent on a British stage life as far from British as a Chinese)' evan Erskimo i comedy could be. But they come with a ' reputation, the public is curious about them, they are to a certain extent " certainties," find managers, who rafts live, purchase and produce them. Off tliG'cther hand, bitter experience shows that the native article, when expeiimentedHn, tessally means failure. ! Tims manners were easy ; the rare bird of ] credit and capital? declines to perch Off the lure of the English would-be comedian. That the public is not to blame is denied strated by the -success of Shakspeare's, Sheridan's, Goldsmith's comedies. They are never out of season. Their 'Sue usual diverse qualities '""are eagerly apyreoittfeed. In short, no one is to blame but into, which does not send a Sheridan or Gol<f<¡mí(h*into' the Englisk-spetrl'.mg world more 'than once in every eenhipyraul a-half. WWi'hcdoes come he will not raise his welcome. I 