THIS HONOURABLE EaSE." It would appear as an impossible task at a first glance to discover any similarity between the members of her Majesty's Opposition in New South Wales and. she whom the poet of the time has celebrated as " The Lily Maid of Astolat" Indeed, they are neither fair | nor lovable ; but yet at one point they do resemble the ' maid, for incessantly, and causelessly, and without com- pulsion or purpose, they toy with phantasy. I Phantasy, all phantasy, no matter how near facts stand, and insist, and menace. Thus upon Tuesday Mr. Baker set up a phantasy in the shape of a motion for adjournment to call attention to some difficulty in mining on church and school lands. He had dealt with the fact before in calling the attention of the Minister to the matter, but the House must deal with the phantasy and box it up with a dozen other phantasies, and toss them about up and down like a game of phantom shuttlecock, which was only interrupted for a 1 moment by the entry of a very evident fact in the new 1 member for Cumberland, Mr. Varney Parkes. Mr. Varney Parkes came in upon his father's arm, and was welcomed by the cheers of the House. The venerable parent looked proud as the youngest sire at the presentation of his firstborn, and the young man becomingly modest and demure. Contrast and likeness were both apparent as they stood momentarily together, and reminiscences as speculation rose naturally in the minds of most men present Not reminiscences of anything in Australian history, for this event was unprecedented in any Australian Parliament A father had not been privileged so to introduce his son before ; but there have been many great sons of noble sires in the parent' Parliament of the old wot Id whose well watered careers caused no disappointment; brightest of them all, perhaps, the younger Pitt, who, shortly after his introduction to the Commons, rose to speak. Three other members rose at the same moment, but instantly gave way, and there and then the young giant made his mark. " It is a chip off the old block," said a member of the Ministry, to which Fox replied, "It is the old block itself," and shed tears of delight over the success of the son of hu enemy. Oh ! if one could but import something more than the forms of the House from that Imperial Assembly ! Eight-Hour Demonstration day followed Mr. Baker's phantom motion. Mr. Garrard moved, " That in the opinion of this House a public holiday should be proclaimed on the Eight-Hour Demonstra- tion day," and Mr. Cameron seconded and Mr. Fletcher supported the motion ; but Sir Alexander Stuart rose to offer some logical if unwelcome opposition Sir Alexander seems to have outgrown many natural desires for holidays ; he is making a phantom fight against holidays all round. There shall be no more Civil servants' holidays for races, he has said. Sir Alexander's objection to this particular holiday was most peculiar. It would become altogether too much of a holiday. There were lots of people with bills falling due on that day who would got a holiday from payment. They would not anticipate or dread presentation till the following day. Why, the argument was the most preposterous, the most cruolly-devtBed, against those who really were in need of a holiday, that could be imagined. No wonder that it was ignored by the House, and failed to obtain support, even from the Ministerial benches. It was carried, and the day's work practically ended. Mr. Garvan refused to proceed with the war he had declared against his particular phantom, and Mr. Dibbs, after rebuking hon. members for the unreasonable request to retire at 10 gave a grudged assent So upon Wednesday, after a few little preliminary facts which did not obtain much attention, this master phantom was solemnly paraded. Mr. Garvan set him forth with all solemnity, and hint by him, feature by feature, strove to make him clear to the public Doubt- less he saw him himself as grim and ugly a goblin as ever beset belated wayfarer, and all the members of the Opposition saw him also clearly as the medium's' con- federates see the waving garments and the materialised spirit forms. We have all seen, we all know, Mr. Wright, the Minister for Works, of course ; but that was not the person Mr. Garvan Fought to display. It is to be remembered that Mr. Garvan was dealing, toying with phantoms, and the phantom he v wed that he saw and feared he christened Mr. Wright, member of the firm of Wright, Heaton, and Co., in the dual and penal position of Government contractor and Cabinet Minister, great in- land carrier, and chief manager of Government railways Mr. Wright, torn perpetually by two desires the one to serve the State, the other to enrich himself. He doubted if the phantom had any /business in the House at all; he was positive that he ought not, to be in the Cabinet ; he was absolutely sure, that it was indecent, improper, and dangerous that he should be in charge of the railways. Mr. Wright, in reply, was very brief, very straight, and, a?, the ultimate decision of the House. showed, very conclusive. He did not concern himself much with the phantom it had, pleased $x. Garvan to exhibit, but proceeded to reveal himself. He was a member of the firm of Wright Heaton, and Co., and as his chief souroe.of,living, was there, he must continue to be; but he was but one of many others ; half, the shares were held in Melbourne ¡ he held a large number, but to fulfil his Parliamentary and Ministerial duties aright, he had given up the position he held as managing director of the firm, and therewith a salary of £1700 a year. His firm paid large sums for the conveyance of goods on Government railways, and, | as earners, took contracts for carrying Governraon t materials when such tell to their hands ; but if he had ever favoured the firm or meddled between them and the heads of departments, or wronged others that they might have undue preference, let the instances be quoted. If nothing could be quoted of his accusers fall back upon an unsupported " it must he as we say," and if they convinced the House of that " must be "-let them be at least thorough in their action : say not only ' you are unfit to be a Minister, but a member and elector also. You desire to grow rich, and you will be corrupt wherever you are. You shall not meddle with public life in the smallest way." It was a fair and open sort of a challenge, but Mr. J. F. Burns certainly did not appear as a fair and satisfactory answerer. This energetic gentleman walked to the table, and delivered himself of all that he contained, ' which did not, however, fill the House. Only his last charge, brought is some Sort of an ^ innuendo against the Minister, was too big to swallow, and is too good to miss." He quoted the anomalies in the rates charged for wool on the Northern and Southern and South-Western lines. And he would have people believe that these anomalies existed for the favouring of Wright, Heaton, and Co. Did he need the thwack of SirJohn Robprfr Eon's rugged eloquence across-his shoulders to teach him that as " no good thing over came out of Victoria," so no good thing should ever' go in." Certainly no single sale of New South Wales wool, if by the most anomalous rates it could be brought into Sydney. Mr. Stephen rose next Like some skilled conjuror in a spiritualist camp; he bared a few of the hidden springs in a moment, * showed that the legal position of the Minister was sound; and expressed his firm belief that his moral position was unassailable'.. >. But Mr. O'Connor declared this sort of argument to be of the sixiaiid- oightpehny.'order;» ' Mr O'Connor had come to the House as.' all' true believers go to a seance, in full determination to. see something, and he was not going to be baulked of-his. intent by any practical nonsense whatever.' "?The-hon.'m.óniber sees nothing j then I pity him." But what did Mr. O'Connor see ? Rather let usual, jvhat:did:ha.not.see ? It is more pleasant to reckon,', said gander on! these things, for they are all good- honour, honesty, resistance of vile temptations, all these to Mr. O'Connor's view were impossible. They could not exis^The Minister placed as Mr. Wright was placed must be tempted, and thus would be corrupt. The hon. member ran all the phantoms, and played with them all, and caressed them lovingly, and cleared the way for Mr. Garrett, who rose with the air of a priest, an augur, one to expound all that the others might have seen to divide the evil from the good, and to bless the one and bar the other. It was very fine to see Mr. Garrett so placed, to know that now at last he was beginning the performance of those duties for which his nature fitted him, to see him dragging forth iniquity after iniquity, and denouncing them with a vigour which left no doubt of the sincerity of the impulses from which the curses I were born. The Knight of the Sorrowful Countenance never displayed a liner faith in his charge upon the windmills than did the hon. member for Camden in his stand for the purity of Parliament, and his exposition | and condemnation of those things by which that sacred ! purity was menaced or polluted. But in his character ' of priest or sugar he seemed to stop short at one point j Avhoreii'om he might well have proceeded to the performance of even a higher mission. The incredulous Minister for Works was observed to grin at the phantoms play, and, " Ay," said the vehement speaker, " let him satisfy his conscience with a grin." Now can we suppose the Minister rising at that juncture with the simple request, " But tell me how ? " Can we imagine Mr. Garrett in reply ? " Is it possible to satisfy one's conscience with a grin ? " Did Mr. Garrett intend that as wholesome advice? And is there merit in a grin ? If not, and subsequent words seem to imply that the hon. member held not, for he said he had nothing but pity for a man who could grin when he found himself in such a position as that, will he suggest a better means. Not of necessity by circular these circulars come home at times in awkward fashion-but in private consultation. Mr. Luscombe chattered a while, as the high priest of politics sat down. And after him there was ldiantasy-j play of a grosser sort, for Mr. M'Elhoneroso to continue the game, and the phantasies with which that hon. member loves to sport are not the cheery, well-contrived, decently ordered denizens of the spiritualistic cannot, not the masterly spirits of the magicians, but ghouls, ghosts, lemurs-horrid things, with church-yard mould and the smell of the grave upon them. Mr. Slattery argued fairly well against the phantoms, and about midnight the House adjourned on the motion of Mr. Gould. But on the morrow there were found to be two obstacles in the way of procedure, the first the appointment of Captain Loftus, a son of his Excell finely, as secretary to Sir Patrick Jennings, commissioner to the Indian and Colonial Exhibitions. It is Sir Patrick's privilege to nominate his own secretary, but the Government must sanction the appointment Mr Abigail said the worst things, which are barely worth repeating, and Sir Henry Parkes visited the sins of the father upon the I son with an unsparing hand. Then there was a motion for adjournment Mr. Sydney Smith had got entangled amongst some barbed wire, and could discover no other means of extricating himself. He had heard that the Government had made certain contracts for barbed wire ; he desired to know how much barbed wire, and at what price, and for what purpose ; but Mr. Wright was not communicative, and foolishly, perhaps, spoke of a return in which the information should be given. As was natural, and should, therefore, have been expected, this reply opened many words of wrath, and from all along the Opposition benches broadsides were poured, Sir Henry Parkes first, and then Mr. Garrett, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Proctor, Mr. Young, and Mr. Cameron, the lastnamed taking the opportunity to make an urgent appeal for a dissolution, little thinking probably how promptly his request might be granted. " We want to go to the country," said Mr. Cameron, '. and we shall take the Standard paint with us, and the barbed wire with us, and the waste of the people's lands with an. Did it never occurs to him that they might also bring them all back again, and bear them just as uncomfortably as- now ? Not one whit probably, for to Mr. Cameron they were not phantoms but realities, robust and effective, and capable of achieving victory. After many words Mr. Wright rose to make explanation, and Sir Alexander Stuart followed, and the question was settled so that after tea Mr. Gould was at liberty to deal stir the speech upon which he had evidently bestowed much praiseworthy toil, and Mr. W. Clarke to follow with a strong and vehement defence of the attacked Minister which may be fairly said to have bristled with facts, but to have lacked the discretion to give them proper entry. It was not a speech to be sneered or laughed away-its weight told, and its effect remained even after Sir Henry Parkes had attempted to brush it away with a charge of fallacious argument based upon complete misunderstanding. It would be exceedingly difficult to say if Sir Henry's arguments were based upon a wilful misconstruction of clearest facts, or a misunderstanding of their proper inferences. It' would depend upon the locality of the parent fault, whether in the head or heart. The position he assumed, and the position to which he desired to lead the House, was that Mr. Wright occupied a position such as had not been held by any previous Minister of the Crown a position totally dissimilar to that held by the Treasurer of his late Atlministration- fraught at. once i with peril to the country, and fatal to the morality of the accused party and the maintenance of the purity of political life. The difference between the position held by Mr. Wright and? the position previously held by Mr. Watson was his especial phantasy. With this he played in his old familiar style, with an abundant plausibility, and a lack of all logical deduction. The difficulty in listen- ing to the hon. gentleman was to do justice at once to his integrity and capacity. Acknowledging the one, it seemed impossible to avoid wronging the other. It was impossible to suppose that he really believed in the phantom, and not it seemed hard to accept the theory that through all his fondling and caressing he was thoroughly aware of its bogus nature. A pleasant air of reality was diffused through the Chamber as Mr. Dibbs arose. He was not going to play with dolls or to prick images in the belief that he was wounding living men, but he had no objection whatever to exposing the phantasies one by one, with the motive for which they had been manufactured and prepared. He took Mr. Garran very delicately in hand, and exposed to him his own motives and reasons and dangers and mistakes. Very humorously, and without the shadow of offence, he rallied him upon the time chosen for the attack, the death-bed repentance, in and the work, doomed meet for repentance in na j attack upon late friends but present foes. | He dealt fairly and vigorously with the long period which had been allowed to ,, elapse without movement of any kind, and the acquiescence in existing conditions which that absence of movement conveyed. , He asked for proof of the great crime which must have been committed, the serious losses which must have been inclined, if the Opposition view were taken as correct. He asked for evidence, and, as all others on the same side who had asked before, he asked in vain. There was no evidence at all. Two years of wrong doing had failed to produce a tittle of evidence. There was no case, there were no facts. Nothing but phantoms and play of phantasy. But towards the close of his speech the hon, member dealt sensibly and plainly with the matter of limited liability companies, and the reasons which had probably induced Wright, Heaton, and Co. to distribute their shares. A quorum was by law required to transact certain business, and it was convenient to have a quorum at all times available. And more, what was the first purpose of the limited liability company but to enable men, who had wearied themselves with successful business to transfer a share of their responsibilities, and find, opportunities for public service or leisure for rest? Also did the hon. member sum-up and perforate fairly and well, by showing point after point how legally, and morally, and constitutionally the Minister's position was sound, while the contemplated vote of censure was void of all reasonable justification, as were the phantasies of which it was to have been upbuilt of material substance. Naturally, the hon. gentleman suffered much from interruptions as he proceeded. The tactics of the Opposition were not chopped while the representative of the Government made his reply, but they were very readily met. Mr O'Mara silenced by a' few Kpn_í0 sarcasms upon professional talkers; Mr. M'E heroic fairly knocked down by the stern rebuke of his mannerless interpolation as a thoroughly characteristic, and cruel and ungentlemanly and unjust as und." The phantasies had all flown when the hon, -member resumed his seat; the cabinet doors were open, the lights were full on, and all the apparatus levelled. The case of humbug was clear. And yet there were some, indeed many, present. desirous of another night of it. Half a deven desired to speak, and to speak at length, and at their own time, but the reply was stern and uncompromising \- Speak now." They declared, they quibbled, they stormed, and protested at this, and the house for a couple of of hours displayed much more moral than dignity. A dozen members spoke, and at length a division was taken upon the question of proceed on adjourn. Proceed " had a large majority, and thus the original debate went on, but to no purpose. Mr. Henson talked a while Mr. O'Mara spoke at length, Mr. Garvan made his formal reply, and by 4 o'clock in the morning the House pronounced, by 85 votes to 10, that it had been phantasy, all phantasy. So the second victory of the session was over ; but what was its value ? It was a wise man who said of a cause which we will not quote here, " You cannot buy, - off or make terms with a barbarous invader." There are certain well-known rules in 'Civilised war and politics, and when they are forgotten or ignored, for" ' resort to extreme measures may be as much a matter of necessity as of duty, and the Government, wearied of fruitless talk with their in- vader, resolved in council on Friday morning to seek aid of the country for his annihilation. They advised his Excellency to prorogue ; they will further advise him to dissolve and the appeal to the country should ; shortly elicit a reply from the country's common sense, \- 'Mid clear the way for business. 