Wl'LLARD'S weird/ a novel BY M. E. BB ADDON, Anihw of " ijAJDT ArDLKT'a BIOHMT,' iTha exolttam.ngM ot pabllcatian (a New sratk "Hits -0u btco porebased by ths ptoprtetwi ol tbe " Daily Tela- irtpb." CHAPTER XXXIII. 'sweet is death for evermore,' Dismal hours, dreary days of monotonous melan- cbolv, a hopeless lassitude of mind and body, followed for the widow after that awfnl sudden death. Every one was very bind ; every one was considerate ; even tho law was more than nsually irdulgeDt, xne norroroi an inquest was spared to that dcsolnte mourner. Things were made very easy by Sir William Spencer's recent visit, by the fact that he had been heard by tho servants to pronounce the case hopeless. Mr Nichol's, the local piactitioner, registered the cause of death a3 muscular atrophy, and considered himself justi- fitrd in so doiDg, as to his mind snicide had been only a symptom of the malady, a paroxysm of despair following quickly upon Sir William Spencer's admission that' the end was inevitable. 'If ever a roan had a right to take his own life that man had,' said Mr Nicholls, when he argued the matter with his own conscience. An inquest would have done good .o nobody, but Mr Nicholls was very anxious for a ' post mortem." He wanted to see if the muscles were much wasted, if the medulla itself showed traces of disease— whether Cruveilhicr or Virehow had the best of the argument. Rut he was not allowed this privilege. Thof-c early stagei of bereavement, while the hi use was darkened — that sunless autumn day on which the funeral train wound slowly over tbe r.oor to the distant burial ground, the reading of the will, the coming and going of friends and ; le-.al adviscts, were as an evil dream to Dora \ IVyllartl. She tr,"1: n-< 1 art in anything, She : effected no interest in anyiuing, J ust at the last the was asked if she wonld not like to lay her offering upon the coffin— one of those costly wreaths, those enow-white crosses of fairest ex otics which had been sent in profusion to the wealthy dead— but she ihrank from the questioner with a shudder. flowers upon that coffin ? No, no, no 1' Yet just at the very last, when the procession wn> having the hall, she appeared suddenly in the- midst of the mourners, paie as the dead, broke through the crowd, and threw her tribute oa the ci liln lid, a handful of wild violets gathered with 1-rown hands in the melancholy autumn sbrub- buies. She bent down and laid her face upon the ci flin. 1 1 loved you once I' she moaned, ' 1 loved you once I' and then kind hands drew her away, half fainting, and led her back tc her toom. he blow had quite unsettled poor Airs Wyl- iii I's mind, people said afterwards, recounting this episode at second, third, or fourth hand. No on" was surprised when she left Pcnmorval within » week of the funeral, and went abroad .with her two old servants, hriscilla and Stodden. Heathcote and Both well had planned everything for her, both being agreed that she must be taken away from the scene of her sorrow as speedily as the thing could be done ; and she had obeyed them implicitly, unquestioningly, like a little child, What could it matter where slie went, or what btcame of her? That was the thought in her awn mind when she assented so meekly to uTery Arrangement that was being made for her welfare. V hat grief that ever widowed heart had to bear could be equal to her agony 7 It was not the lots of a husband she had adored— that loss for this life which might have been balanced by gain in a better life, ft was the extinction of a beloved image for ever. It wa3 the knowledge that this man to whom she had given the worsh-p of her warn young heart, the enthusiastic regard of inexperienced girlhood, had never been worthy other love ; that he had come to her weary from the disappointment of a more passionate love than he could ever r.g-in offer to womau — the first deep leva of a strong nature— a love that burns it- clf into heirt and mind as aqua fortis into sbel. He hnd como to her stained with blood- fuiltincss — an uncontested assassin — holding his h-.ad high among I113 fellow-men, playing the tod citizen, the generous landlord, the patron, the l>cnefaetor — he who had slain the widow's only son. He had lived a double life, hiding his pleasures, lest his gains should be lessened by men's knowledge of his lighter houis. He who had seemed to her the very spirit of truth and benour, had been steeped to the lip3 in falsedood — s creature of masks and semblances. This it was which bowed her to the dust ; this it was which weighed upon her spirits as no common loss could have- done. Villi her own hands she explored her hus band's desk and despatch boxes — the receptacles for all bis more important papers— in search of ai.y written confession which should attest the dead man's guilt, and for evor proclaim Bothwell's innocence, It would have bean unutterable agony to her to have made such a confession public — to hove let the curious cyeH of the world pter in upon that story of guilt and shame ; yet had any such document existed she would have deemed it her duty to make it public— her duty to her kinsman who had been made the scapegoat of another's crime. Happily for her peace there was no such piper to bo found — uot a due, not a word which h nted at the dead man's secret ; and happily for lioihwcll the cloud that had hung over him had by this time dispersed. The steadiness with which be- bad held bis ground in the neighbourhood, tbe fact of his engagement to Mils Heathcote, had 1 weighed with his i'-odmiu tradueers ; and those who had bten the first to hint their suspicion, were now the readiest to protest against tlie tn- | faitiy of such an idea. liad Botliwell emigrated | immediately after llie inquest these same people | would haYe gone down to the grave convinced ! that he wai the murderer. ! But before the end of that year there occu-red I ari event which was considered proof positive of I l'othwcll's innocence, and an abs. lute solution of j the mystery of the unkn wn girl's death. A miner entered a solitary faimhoute between Rodminand ! Loetwithiol, in the dim gray of a winter evening, j and killed two harmless women folk — an old | woman and a young one — for the sake of a very | imalt booty. He was caught red-lianded, tried, convicted, and hanged in Bodmin Gaol ; but although be confessed nothing, and died a hard- | encd itn|.eniteiit hi liner, it was believed by every j one in the place tuat this was the pitiless band thai sont tbe French girl to her doom. ' She had a little bit o'money about her, maybe, j poor lass, and be took it from her, and when she j screamed ho pushed her out of the train. Such a | man would think no more of doing it than of I wringing the neek of a chicken,' said nn honest t townsman of Bodmin. I Ihus baviug identified somebody as the mur- | deter, Bodmin wa- content, and Bolhwell Grahame | Yit.c iiiuiu IHjpUittf lllall iit: xiau ctm ul'.u iu hh. I neighbourhood, lie gave the county town but J little of bis society, notwithstanding this restora- I tion to favour. He rarely played bil iards at the i inn, or loitered to gossip in the' high street. He 1 couid not forget that people had once looked coldly j upon him, that he had suffered the shame of an I enjust suspicion. At Trevanna he was happy, for 1 there 110 one had ever so wronged him, there he I was a favourite with everybody, from the rector to I the humblest fisherman. At Trevalga, too, and at I Boscastle he had friends. He could afford to turn I his back upon tbe people who had been so ready I to think evil of him. I One of lleaiheote'e first cares after the Penmor- I val funeral had been to write to the Baronne de I Maucroix. Bis letter was to tho following effect: — I 'It is my grave duty to inform you, Madame, I tLat the murderer of your son has confessed his | crime, and also that he has escaped from all 1 earthly tribunals to answer for his sins before the I Judge of all men, A painful malady from which I he hud been for some time a sufferer ended fatally I on the evening of the l'Jth inst., within the hour | iu which he confessed his guilt. His case had been E renounced hopeless by a distinguished physician; ut it is just possible the shock caused b/ the un- 1 expected revelation of his guilt may have hastened S 1 his end. I 'Accept, Madame, my respectful homage, and S ; permit me also to express my a 'miration of that I : truly Christian spirit which you evinced at our I ' last interview. Edward Hkatiicotk.' I By return of post Mr Heathcote received an I - answer to his letter ; but the answer was not m the handwriting of the Baronne de Maucroix. 9 That hand was still for ever. The letter was I from the Baronne's friend and confessor, the cuse | ; of the village adjacent to her mansion. 1 1 Mousitur, — 8 ' Under the sad circumstances prevailing at the I-; chateau, I have taken it upon my, oil', with the I permission of the late Baronne's legal representa- I live, to reply to your polite communication, which I was never seen by 1 he eyeB of my lamented friend I., and benefactress, Madame de Maucroix. Upon j'. tlint very evening which you name in your letter as the date of the murderer's death, I called at the cbatean, soon after vespers, according to my . daily enstom, being permitted at that period of i the day's decline to enjoy an hour's quiet conver sation with that saintly woman who has now been taken from us, I was ushered as usual into the 1 salon, where I quietly awaited Madame de Maucroix's appearance, having been told that she was in her son's room, that apartment which she used a= her oratory. ' I knew that it was her custom to spend hours in that chamber of her beloved dead, absorbed in j spiritual meditations ; so I waited with patience, and witbont surprise, for more than an hour, musing by tbe fire. Then, wondering at this un usual forgetfulness in one always so considerate, J ventured to lift the portiere and to pass through the intervening salon, which was in darkness, to the bedchamber, where, through the half open door, I saw a lamp burning. ' I pushed the door a little further open, and went in. The Baronne was on her knee3 beside the bed, her clasped hands stretched oat straight before ber upon the satin coverlet, her face lean ing forward, I should have withdrawn in re spectful silence, but there was something stark and rigid in tbe dear lady's attitude which filled me with fear, -I wondered that she had »ot been disturbed by the sound of my footsteps, for my heavy shoes had creaked as I walked across the floor. I drew nearer to her— not a breath— not a movement. ' I bent over her and touched the clasped hands. They were cold for ever in death. It was a peace ful, a blessed ending ; such an end as they who best loved that noble creature would have chosen for her. 'Accept Monsieur, the assurance of my high consideration. « Pierre Doplessi.' CHAPTER XXXIV. ' tvho knows not circe v 5 The Cornish tors, those wind-blown hills, upon I whose dark foreheads time writes no wrinkles, j were just one year older since Julian Wyllard's i death, and llothwell Grahame was established in his bouse at Trevena as an instructor of tbe em bryo engineer. Already two lads had gone forth from Bothwell's house after six months' training, and had done well at Woolwich. Other lads were coming to him— sons of men he had known in Bengal. He was on the high road to reputa tion. After that first passionate disgust with all things during which he had stopped the builders, prepared to quash that contract which he had signed with such delight, there had come a more tranquil spirit, and Bothwell Grahame had faced bis last unexpected trouble with a resolute heart. A conversation which he had with Edward ITeathcote soon after Julian Wyllard's death had given him his first gleam of light. Heathcote spoke to bim hopefully of the future, and urged him to wait quietly. ' Your marriage will be" so much the wiser, so much the more likely to result in lasting happi- m ss for this delay,' he said. ' If you are as loyal and staunch as I believe you to be, if it is really my sister you would like to- marry, and not this fascinating widow who woos you with fortune in one band and social status in the other — if you are really bent upon sacrificing these good things! for Hilda's sake, be sure she will ultimately accept your sacrifice. In the meant into be pa tient. and pursue your independent course A woman always respects a man who can live with out her.' ' But I cannot.' answered Bothwell. 1 Life will bo le-s than life to me till Hilda and I are one.' ' Don't let bor know that if yon mean to be mMtcrof jour fate in the future,' said Heathcote. Time can be the only test of yonr trnth If at the end of a year you have not married Lady Valeria Harborough the chances are that my sister will begin to have faith in you. I know that she loves you.' Tell me where she :s, that I may go to her — that I may convince her,' ' I have promised to respect her secret,' an swered Heathcote, firmly. Botliwell accepted this friendly counsel with a good grace, went back to his>ld lodging! at Tre- rena._ eet the builders at work again, spent his dai s in the open air and his nights in hard study, ate little, Blept less, and looked like the ghost of his former eelf. He saw no more of Lady Valeria ; but a society paper informed him early in November that she had taken a villa at Monaco. He could guess from what fount of consolation she was obtaining oblivion of her griefs. Her grace, her charm of manner, were dwelt upon fondly by the paragra- phist. She was leading a life of abiolute seclu sion, on account of her recent bereavement ; but she was the admired and observed of all whenever she appeared. The succeeding paragraph told of Sir George Mildmay's residence at one of the chief hotels. He was a distinguished figure at the tables, bad- broken the bank on more than one occasion. Bothwell smiled a cynical smile at the juxtapo- si' ion of those two names. ' 1 suppose the gentleman has forgotten his beat ing,' he said to himself. It was an infinite relief to him to know that Lady Valeria was on the other side of the Chan nel, that her pale face could not rise before him ghostlike amidst the home which she had ruined. He worked on with all the better will at that em bryo homo of his, for the knowledge that this drerded syren was far away. He worked with such energy that the builders were whipped out of their customary jog-trot, and laid bricks as bricks were never laid before. Bothwell watched every brick, with a three-foot rule in his hnnd, and I ointcd out every flaw in the work. Ho paid his ' cilder promptly, as the work progressed, and gave him every encouragement to be speedy. Tbe alterations and improvements in the old cottage were all finished by the end of November, and the builders bad finished the brickwork of the new rooms. The old rooms were thoroughly dry and ready for occupation before Christmas, and Bothwell spent his Christmas in his own house, i lie first Christmas he bad so spent, and a very dismal one. But he had his dog, a devoted collie, his pipe and his bonks, and he made the best of his drenry life. He had a couple of lads, bis first pupils, coming to him early in Januaiy, and ho wanted to air the house in his own person. He was a little proud of this first house of his own, even in the midst of his sadness, as every man is proud of the thing he has created. He walked about the rooms, opening and shutting doors and \- window sashes, to see how they worked. Need less to say that some of them did not work at all, and that he had various interviews with foremen and carpenters, by whom a good deal of tinkering bad to be done before everything wa< ship-shape. That was Bothwell's fa'ourite expression. lie wanted things ship-shape, 'He ought to call his honse Ship- shape Hall, said the foreman. Bothwell's chief delight was derived from his in odd corners, his pegs and hooks, and ingenious little cupboards. These he gazed upon and ex amined daily in silent rapture. When his two boys came to him— long-legged, brawny youths, with open conntenances, grinning perpetually for very Bnyness — he took them to see all the shelves and hookr, and expounded his theories in re'ation to those conveniences. There was not to be a slovenly corner in the honse ; every article was to have its peg 01 hook, or shelf or cupboard — tennis balls, rackets, foils, single-sticks, skates, whips, guns, boots, caps and gloves. Everything wa3 to be classified— departmented. Organisation was to be the leading note. Before a week was over the boys had begnn to adore Bothwell. They were sporting, and could afford to keep horses, so Both- well and his pupils hunted with fox-hounds and linrriers all through that long winter, far into the gladness of spring. Tho boys were always with | liira. He had no leisure in which to abandon him self to sadness, except when he shut himself up in his study to write to his cousin Dora, who was living inFlorenc», attended by her maid and by Btodden, the old Pcnmorval butler. She was living 1 in absolute retirement, broken-hearted, seeing no ' one, seen by no one. The society papers had no thing to say about her. From Bothwell Heathcote sometimes heard ot Julian Wyllard's widow, heard of her with an aching heart. No message of friendship, no line of recognition had there ever been for him in any of those letters to Bothwell, of which he was generally told, some of which had been read to j him. Hilda had been quietly pursuing her Btudies at I tho Conservatoire all this time, seeing a good deal j of Parisian life in a very modest way, that inner life of struggling artists and men of letters, and their homely industrious families, a life in which slie found much that was intellectual blended with a pleasa' t simplicity, an absence of all pretence. 1 Bite liked tbe Tillet girls, and she liked her sur- ' roundings ; whilo music, which had always been : a passiou with her, now became the sole object of her existence. ' I suppose -you will come back to the Spauiar -'a some day, and take care of the twins and me/ her brother said to her one day in the August after Wyllard's death. . He had Btopped in Paris to see Hilda, on his way to Switzerland. Yes, I shall go back to the old home— when Bothwell is married.' That is rather hard lines for me, see ng I doVt believe Bothwell has an; idea of getting mnrri.d to anyone except you.' Hilda blushed, and then shook her head despond- iagly. (to bb continued) On Saturday morning a labourer named John Taylor, 31 yeais of age, mi engaged polling down a building at the Bcdfern ril way station when tbe board on whiob he stood, which was 15 feet from the gronnd, gave way. and Taylor fell to th 1 floor. Tbongh falling this distance only tome laeerative wounds of the wrtat and hand were re ceived. On being taken to the Sydney Hospital the injnriea weie attended to, 