TALK ON 'CHANGE. I will buy. with you, sell with you, talk with you." -SHAKSPJSAUE. " Quamquam ridentem dicere veruni, <juid vet»t?"-HORACE. The Bound of the hammer closing the joints in the harness of oar legislative war riors has lately been beard in the frequented portions of the land. It is the last session of Parliament, and "those about to die" will presently salute us. As a rule, members cannot be induced to work much when the Legislature has been measured for its grave clothes. They think only of their con stituents, and they talk only to their con stituents. Now is the time the county voter can put the screw on to his member, and make him attend to those trilling wants he has so systematically ignored during the first two sessions. "There's going to be a general election soon," said Boniface to Hodge; " what d'ye think o' that?" " What do I think o' that?" returned the tiller of the soil; " well, I thinks as how I'll be shaking hands wi' some big bugs directly, that's what I thinks." The author of the tariff report has had a pretty good innings lately in the columns of the leading journal I am afraid he is getting just a tritie tedious,' and just a little cross. In my mind'seyelcaneee him (in the character of Bunthorne) with uplifted parapLuie threaten ing his newspaper .opponent in those me morable words, "Take care, when I am thwarted I am very terrible Suppose-I won't go so far as to Bay that I will do it but suppose, for one moment, I were to curse you!" I am afraid this will happen some day. Thank goodness the steam can be harmlessly blown off "now through the par liamentary eatety-valve. Stories of wealthy Australians at home losing their tens of thousands at gambling are, as commercial people say, "moving off freely," and the stock-in- trade is exactly what it used to be when these yarns were first "placedon the market"-the gambler's wife as a decoy, champagne, and the club. Always the same old "properties," the only variable quantity iq the amount of money lost. Now, I humbly suggest that a change of some sort should be made. The man who has had nothing but roast beef for dinner for thirty years would like it boiled just for once. We are not an exacting com munity, but I do think the gambling anec dote is "played out" There is uo doubt they meant well, but they were singularly unfortunate in their selection. Perhaps it was something in the air and the surroundings, or ver^ likely it was the one tune (with variations) they felt safest on. But for distinguished visitors to be greeted on their visit to the chief lunatic asylum of a sister colony with "Home, Sweet Home,"by the local band, was a trifle [ disconcerting. It goes without saying now that that gifted band feelssad and sorry* It was such a wretched mistake. I make the suggestion, with all deference, knowing that I am (reading on ground. I should not, and feeling that I may receive as a reward the " snub judicial," but it has often struck me that if the trustees of the Sydney and Melbourne National Galleries could see their respective ways to change pictures, say, two at a time, for a certain period, both communities would be the gainers, There are thousands of persons in both colonies who do not travel at all, and would dearly like to see, the art treasures of their neighboura I know there are difficul ties in the way, but I think they would diminish if firmly grappled with. And having said so much,-1 feel in great doubt whether the same suggestion has not been. made before. The oldest inhabitant of the thriving little township of G had seen fit to shuffie off this mortal coil. The medical man who attended her sent in his certificate to the deputy registrar Betting out the cause of death as " bursting a blood-vessel, old age." The registrar-general returned the paper with [ a memo attached, "Duration of last illness not entered." The deputy, who was a bit of a wag, sent it back again with the added words, "Since birth." The R. G. did not pursue the subject further. The interpolation of songs into operas seems to be one of the recognised institu tions of the stage as much as the gigantic basket of artificial flowers (on loan}. Comic opera has suffered most from this parasite, but who knows, in this age of advancement, how soon the legitimate drama may be attacked ? Should this day ever come I only hope that the interpolated song may have some reference to the play, however slight For instance, in the last scene of " Hamlet," the dying Prince might, supported by his two faithful attendants, sing "See that My Grave's Kept Green," I don't think, if lhad been a special war correspondent wounded in the leg, that I should have admitted that " it might have been done with my own revolver." I think I shoull have invented a furious Arab for the occasion, and I rather imagine that, when the story of my wound came to be told, it would have been a blood-curdler. If there happened to be a freezing-room on board the Bhip I was coming back in I should bring my slaughteredenemy with me as proof. My lecture on " Wars and Wounds, " with a frozen Arab on the platform, I flatter myseli would draw. A desperate housemother sends me the following: "Really, the wildest dreams of fiction are not within coo-e-e ot fact Last week my cook gare notice, and I set about engaging another to fill her place. I managed, alter many wewy tours of the registry offices, to discover a girl who was not averse to come to me. My wages were sufficient, or nearly so, my- family was not too large, my washing was within reasonable bounds, and the ' night out* could be put up with. Before I finally closed with her she told me there was one thing she had to mention. She could not come for a week, because her young man, who was at present on a cruise in his ' yot,' always inspected the places sho went to for approval or otherwise, and be would not bo back'for that period. I could not wait 60 long, and so I lost my Nancy Lee." I gather from my home papers that at the opening of the Grosvenor Gallery, there were more sights than the pictures. The great apostle of masculine dress reform, Oscar Wilde, was present, accompanied by his wife. He, as usual, presented the appearance of a nineteenth-century Guy Faux, but what shall be said of the partner of his joys and his eccentricities? She wore "a fawn-grey woollen gown, the short waist bound by a wide salmon-pink Bash, tied behind by a loose knot; the hat, an adaptation of the Tarn o' Shanter shape and the mediaeval German student cap, was made of the same material as the dress, and trimmed with the same shade of pink as the BaBh ; a large vandyke lace collar, a necklace of quaint-coloured beads, and a cluster of double daffodils com pleted the costume." It comes somewhat as a shock to read that " ' Iolanthe' has not been acceptable tD the occupants of the pit, upper circle, and gal lery," and that a " leg piece," which ran for a hundred nights, is to be substituted for Gil bert and Sullivan's elegant conception. Now, I, for one, will not believe that the pit, upper circle, and gallery can only be got to patro nise leg operas with any degree of liberality. Half my enjoyment of " Iolanthe" was taken away from the fact that I was unable to obtain a book of the words, and Beveral of the singers were so indistinct that I could only catch a sentence or two here and there. That was one of the reasons I did not go a second time, and I should not be at all sur prised to hear that the pit, upper circle, and gallery stayed away for a similar reason. If some arrangement could be made to issne books of comic operas at a price that would be within the reach of that indifferent pit, upper circle, and gallery, perhaps they might be brought into a frame of mind which would en able them to enjoy their Gilbert and Sullivan with the same zest they bestow on operas that depend mainly on an extravagant display of the lower limbs of the female form divine. And in this connexion a friend of mine sug gests that the dresa of ladies in opera bouffe should be called "the Excelsior," because it is continually getting "higher up." The appearance of a new "corpulency cure" reminds me of a quarrel I once beard in an omnibus between a wonderfully thin and a very, very stout man. The vehicle waa overcrowded, and the lean Idne was the last to enter. Being of acombative turn of mind, he at once set on the fat fellow for spreading himself over space enough for two. "These 'buses," said he, " ought to carry people by weight." " If they did," rejoined his oppo nent, " they wouldn't stop to pick you up." A titter ran round that disconcerted the lean combatant for & moment, but, pulling him self together, he returned to the charge, and said, " Your parents must have been very fond of you, sir; they made such a lot of you." The adipose passenger pulled the strap and cleared. I notice that a new play by a local author, entitled ''The Squatter," is underlined fpr early representation. Now, there are possi bilities and probabilities for a good plot, with a fair sprinkling of'.sensation; business, in A drama with that title. The great scene should be an attack by well-organised armies of rabbits on the homestead. Then (he good young man, who is in love with (he squatter's daughter, liiverina, should appear in triumph on the scene, armed with his newlv-discovered specific. Tableau-Utter annihilation of (he rabbits, good young man claims his bride, rids her father's station of the pest, and jnat as the bine fire is lit Mr. Daliey rushes.in and hands the good young man a cheque for £60,000. This idea is not copyright Ghosts are oat and panthers are in. Not many months ago every neighbourhood having any claims to a soul above the common heid had a ghost, and some had two. Now, all districts that are districts hare broken out into panthers. The persons who have been favoured with private viewsof the various wild animals at large in the different localities vary considerably concerning (he " nature of the beast." Some describe the creature lis "of a dun colour, with long bushy tail';" others declare " he is black, with a lotfr, swinging trot," while there are thoBe who " think they saw spots" on (he brute. At all events, the call to arms throughout the infected districta has been nobly responded to, and a very fur Vic torian contingent is in pursuit Viewed in the light of recent events, this " wild beast circumstance" seems to have come . just bt the right time. Our military ardour, now that it cannot be directed against the bear, may very properly find an outlet in the des truction of that panther or panthers. All we shall require to crown the event will be a prize competition poem, perhaps by the Government statist The return ot those brave hearts who went out to fight tor our Mother England, either in Egypt or Afghanistan, " closes the book" on the most brilliant episode in the history of this young land. It seems but yesterday that we were wishing them " Good luck and God speed," and now they are all back again amongst us with the exception of those few poor fellows whom the omnipotent enemy, disease, laid low. No wonder Mr. Dalle/a action caused hearts to beat louder and pulses to throb quicker at home. His prompt action was exactly on all fours with the true hearted friend who comes to you when in difficulty, and, with a warm shake of the hand, says, " Hue, old man, is my cheque for a thousand ; that's how much I can help you." Men and nations of this stamp do not indulge in " promises." t Those who had the pleasure of knowing the late Dr. B , of Hawthorn, willappredatethe following anecdoteThe doctor was attend ing at the Revision Court in his official capa city, and he objected to the name of one man on the grounds that he was dead. One of the magistrates asked him how he knew. With out moving a muscle of his jolly, red face, but with a twinkle in his eyes that could be seen through his spectacles, he replied, " 1 cut him up." The J.P. was satisfied. /3Mi lifts. 