SPORTING. ? ? ? ?„ *m MELBOURNE SPORTING NEWS. n?rom our Sner.ial Ttfinr-rf»r 1 Flemineton, October 14. Damp cold weather has had much to do with subduing the ardor of turfites over the Caulfield gathering, but the Guineas day was on the whole a success, notwithstanding the rain, Mr. Hart considered he had a good thing in Jocular for the Maiden Plate, and the brother to Gymkhana ran a good race, though beaten by Recall. Duration showed his superiority once more in the Hurdles, and * the Hon. J. White proved his almost invincible title to the Foal Stakes, which he carried off with Acme. Ringmaster's was a good win for bis stable in the Guineas. The Hunter's Cap was a pretty good thing for the Adelaide horse, Narrung, who has been purchased by George Bead from Mr. Harris. The Toorak Handi cap furnished a surprise in the victory of Mentmore. As the weather is now clearing it is anticipated there will be a very. large attendance at the Cup on Saturday. The fact that forty -eight horses have accepted for the Caulfield Cup has fairly staggered the general public, who hoped to see the weeds and doubtfuls cleared out and the list reduced to the reasonable dimensions of a field likely to face the starter. It will be a wonderful race if anything like forty runners sport silk on Saturday, and yet there are many who believe that young Mr. Watson will take thirty-five to forty horses m charge. Taking them in the order in which they no w appear the top-weight is Welcome Jack, who, with 9 st. 4 lb., commands sufficient respect to be sup ported for a pot of money. He is looking and doing well. Sardius I shall regard as a doubtful starter. If he were really meant his owner has left it late in the day to get his money on, as he would come to a very short price on the first move being made to back him. He must be a much bitter horse over a mile and a half than when he ran second in the Derby to Martini-Henri, but in such a scrambling, event as the Caulfield Cup he would not appear to advantage, as he might be blocked by others who had not the ghost of a show, and oossibly come to some harm by being trodden on or run over. The general crowd will make a terrible rush to get past the stand and up the hill ; but it is not at tbis part of the race that Sardius would be at home, and when he tried to come at the end he might be blocked, as there is sure to be a bunch near the end of the journey with such a field as this. The chances are therefore against Sardius winning even if he is a starter. Blink Bonny is a good mare who must have a big say if well on the day, but yesterday she pulled up a bit dotty after a gallop. Tom Drown is a nne striding colt with rather much action, and is said to tire himself, and may not like the last quarter of a mile. He is very fast, and must be in it if he can stay. Mozart has not done enough to warrant the opinion that he can win. Madcap may come into the market at the last moment, but her stable have made^many mistakes before and may make another on this occasion. Lord Wilton is in every way deserving of con- ' fidence, as he is doing well and an improving boree. Coriolanus is a light of other days, who is half- blind, and hardly likely to see the end of this journey. Warwick has been heavily backed' for the Melbourne Clip, and is not \ likely to start in this race. ' Dirk ' Hatteraick ?won't like the. last quarter in the company, feiit may run well for a mile. Plausible should be *a dangerous customer at the weight and over this distance if it happens to be ius day - out. The Israelite is a bit cronky yet, 'and not reliable on this occasion; Archie will probably be an absentee. St. Lawrence must have a good chew, and is feared by other candidates. Grace Darling is out-classed here. Gratitude, if she gets away well, is one of the best in the race, and it is to be hoped she will not be blocked. Lantern I don't like for his present task, the distance being a bit too far for him in the company, according to his racino when he belonged to Mr. Pile. Hilltop is ?unreliable. Despot must have a big say in it if be doesn't cross his legs again and stumble. Velocipede ought to go near winning if he is wanted, but it is whispered that he is a market favorite, and may be scratched at the last moment, or as good as scratched on the day. Impulse performed well at Wagga^ and should be in the dangerous division. Signor is hardly likely to beat such a big field. Brown and Rose has been backed for the Melbourne Cup, and should be saved for the big event. Country Boy is reported to have, beaten St.. John in a trial, but this statement is taken cum grano. ? He 'will, however, show a good -turn of -foot if Mr-Harthasputthedollars on, and-this gentle man and Jris trainer,' -Read, have a reputation \- for -astuteness amongst, turfites here-- They = can: harvny^expect &\- ^ both cups tfibugh. Anglesey \yfll probably beti non-starter. C&p-; 'trap, a wonderful performer in private,' is leading his people into ' no - end of expense in backing him, but he has only his Adelaide victory to bis credit, and though a brilliant horse he is utterly unreliable. The Andes can hardly be good enough for this company, and the same remarks must apply to Kingship, Britisher, Marie Louise, Tarpeia, Thakambau, Lennox, Lucky Hit, Minerva, Real Jam, Black Diamond, Sirocco, Lesbia, Vision, Forlorn Hope, Yellow ' Hammer, Too Too, and Ui-ara. Lord Exeter was much fancied a few days ago, but his admirers are now forsaking him, and he is going rapidly back in the market. Prince Imperial from his Hawkesbury running must be held in respect, and so must Winchester (late Manchester), because he is a powerful colt, very free mover, and carries a head o' money with him. With a fair field and no favor I like Lord Wilton, Gratitude, Tom Brown, and Winchester. I am just afraid after his running in the Guineas last Saturday, and from what I hear since, that Dunlop will not have much to say in the V.R.C. Derby. He was beaten easily enough by Ringmaster, who is only a little 'un, and there is something better than the latter amongst the bigger ones who will start for the Blue Riband. The excuses made for Dunlop were that he was short of work, and the Guineas gallop would do him good ; also, that his legs are troubling him. But I fancy he will meet something better than himself on the day, and that he will again be compelled to take a back seat. When Isonomy makes his appearance here t^ -morrow, if he lands sound and well, he will -have, many admirers at Flemington, and a gallop or two on the track will soon shorten his price. The ring are not disposed to take any liberties with him at present, as, even when they were knocking out everything at the club last night, 1,000 to 150 was all that the Leviathan would offer at the price. Nordenfeldt, Thunderbolt, and Winchester all look like Derby horses, and it is from this trio that the winner will come, if anything beats Isonomy. The Hon. J. White states he has not yet backed Nordenfeldt, and would prefer Monte Christo or TTralla to win ; but he won't have much chance to back him unless he is content to take a short price. Both Monte and the mare look somewhat stale, but Nordenfeldt is full of health and vigor. He is a very lazy colt, and has to be shaken up considerably ; but it is said he is able to travel with the fastest, although he goes slow with a slow 'un, and that he will hang on with the tenacity of a bulldog to the bitter end. Thunder bolt has the reputation also of being good at the finish, so that between these two and Isonomy in_ the straight the fight should be some thing worth witnessing. As Thunderbolt and Winchester are in the same hands, and the former carries their Derby money, it must be presumed that he is the better of the two for the classic race. Parwan is a colt that made a good impression in the Guineas, and The Pencil is much liked by many. I hear that Robertson, who rode him in the Guineas, has declined to ride Dunlop in the Derby. The defeat of Maddelina in the Foal Stakes was not only a disappointment to the Adelaide contingent, but was also a surprise to many others, who regarded her as a very good thing forthe Maribymong, The great two-year-old race is still a very open question. Philip Augustus is reported to nave gone a bit wrong, but before the day there will be other young sters coming to the front, and Maddelina may have the inclination to display the form that she has exhibited on the Old Course. Although Coronet is under a cloud his owner is sanguine that he will see the post, and be a good thing for the Melbourne Cup. Coronet was out doing a fairly good gallop yesterday afternoon, so that he must have recovered to a great extent from his supposed indisposition. [By Telegraph.] (From our Special Reporter,) Newmarket, October 15, 12.45 p.m. Hill's horses — Isonomy, Micawber, Tele phone, and Gemini— just arrived at the Race course Hotel: The Derby colt is looking grand. _ They had a very fine passage over. Mr. Pile has seen Gratitude, and is much pleased with her appearance. Joe Thompson is backing her to win the Caulfield Cup. Qninn will ride her. Cracknell would have liked the mount. There is uncertainty yet about the starting of Sardius in the Caulfield Cup ; but it is said on good authority that a commission is out to back him for £10,000, but it is a question whether the money will be got on at a satisfactory price. For the Caulfield Cup the probable starters and jockeys are : — Welcome Jack, Yeomans ; Sardius, Wyman; Blink Bonny, A. Robertson ; Tom Brown, McGrade ; Mozart, Rammage ; Lord Wilton, Moore; Coriolanus ; Madcap, M. O'Brien ; Dirk Hatteraick, Foon ; Plausible, Power; The Israelite, D. O'Brien; St. Lawrence, Sanders; Grace Darling, Wil liams; Gratitude, C. Quinn; Lantern, Dormer; Hilltop; Despot, Hales; Veloci pede, Bence; Impulse, Harris; Signor; Country Boy, Hutchms; Anglesey, Cracknell; Prince Imperial, McGrath; Claptrap, Trail an; The Andes; Kingship, Wood; Britisher, Fallon^ Marie Louise, Swallow; Lord Exeter, Nicholson; Prince Imperial ; Tarpeia, Weazel; Lennox, Ellis ; Minerva ; Black Diamond, Barr; Manchester; Sirocco; Lesbia, Huxtable; Vision, Flanagan ; Forlorn Hope, R. Walker ; Yellow Hammer, Johnson ; Too. Too ; Urara : Ebony. The tipsters in the weeklies make the fol lowing selections for the Caulfield Cup: — 'Augur,' in the Australasian — Too Too or Tom Brown, with Minerva or Plausible, as most likely to effect a surprise. ' Asmodeus,' in the Leader, selects Despot, 1 ; Winchester, 2 ; Tom Brown, 3. ' Newmarket,' in the Weekly- Times, selects Tom Brown, 1 ; Prince Imperial, 2 ; Lord Wilton or Too Too, 3. My own selections are: — For the Cup — Lord Wilton, 1 ; Gratitude, 2 ; St. Lawrence, 3. Madcap is a good outsider, and Blink Bonnie, Tom Brown, Winchester, and Country Boy Bob Cooper. ~ Melbourne, October 16. Coronet pulled up lame and sore yesterday, and his owner officially scratched him this morning for all engagements. It is whispered that Lord Wilton pulled up dotty last night ; if so, he cannot win to-morrow, and I must substitute Prince Imperial for him in my tip. Despot was backed for a good deal late last night, and a move was made on Isonomy for the Derby. Gratitude is very welL Tom Brown is reported to be crooked. The move ments about Velocipede are mysterious. He is a great favorite with the public, but it is said the books have the control of him. 