Bunya. Creek. IVliOM A COHliliSL'O.VDUNT.l The present year will be remembered by farmers aud graziers iu this district as the driest and most ruinous that has been experienced since discovery of gold on Gympie, and tbe first load of agricul tural produce taken into Gympie by Mr. Lynch, of l'ie Creek. Even in 1871-2, when some parts of Wide Bay and Uur uelt suffered ve'y severely iu pastoral in terests, the land up in this district was not near so completely dried up, and water and ^rass at this season of the year was never so scarce, and f lie conse quence is the oldest cattle have suc cumbed, and others falling away fast, and nothing can save the pastoral and agricultural interest but a heavy full of rain ; oven a flood would be preferable to the conditions of drought that has ex isted since January of ibis year. In tbe field, the faith, ' patience, and perse verance of the farmer was never more tried. The oaten hay crop in many cases is a complete failure. The earliest planted maize has had such a long, dry time during the flowering aud cobbing season that it will be very poor, and the notatoes — always a risky crop and a heavy expense for the imported seed in spring — are a failure, and where tbe labour of planting new 8'rub with the hoe at a pound (£1) per week aud board wages is added, tlie loss is very heavy in deed, aud from all that I have seen and heard some have got a little more than , Jo .,1 U'lilln some never saw their seed back. Tlie only favorable exception to the general run of ill luck from bad seasons is tbe maize planted in latter eud of September, which has held its own well upon the low flats on the river, aud tbe rain we have had this evening, precededed by a thunderstorm in the afternoon, will keep it going all right for a few weeks, wheu it is to be hoped we shall have had more. This slate of things is very unfortunate for the Queensland display of agricul tural exhibits at tbe Indian and Colonial Exhibition iu London iu the month of May next year. These are not all tbe troubles the farmer has to conteud agaiust. There is another growing evil that has so completely disgusted many that they declare they would never put another shilling into land. Of all pro perty, personal or real, the land with the freehold title deeds iu your hand is the most unsafe, uow a-days. The present Government, il appears, are determined to take it out of everybody, and everything thatisuot well-protected by combinations. When roads were wanted during former Go vernments, tlie wise provision in the 68th Act made it lawful for the person or persons interested to be served with a notice for tluee consecutive months, aud also to be advertised in the nearest local newspaper ; but, now-a-days, if some in dividual with influence on tbe Divisional Board, asks for a road through his neigh bour's laud, aud that Board says 'Oh, yes,' sends a surveyor, takes a new road through the middle of a man's freehold (over 12 years in hand), the Govern ment, without askiug any question beyond the recommendation of the Board, graut the necessary powers to tlie Board to confiscate the man's property, aud completely spoil the remainder, and he has no remedy. A poor man cannot go to law with' tbe Government, and there is no Farmer's Union— like Trades Unions, or the thousand and one other combinations in every industry. So, as the individual farmer has none to come to his rescue, he is the victim of the most shameful abuses aud barefaced frauds ever perpetrated uuder British institu tions—both in resumptions for railways, and for roads. Few people have tbe re motest idea of the fearful work that is going on iu this line of cheating and swindling people out of their hard-earned savings of years, to patch up a declining revenue oi' a Liberal (?) Government. This is not the time nor place to give par ticulars, but there is plenty forthcoming, and if farmers had a grain of that Fcuse that lays at the root of Trades Unions, they would soon have a Fanner's Union, aud until then they will never be res pected as a boiiy politically, nor be repre- 1 sented iu tbe Legislature of the colony, j uor have they the least chance to defend themselves agaiust Government misrule. Woman's Spheue— There are few raun now | bo benigbtsd as to believetliat woman's mission - can be summed up in Shakespeare's wonl* : | ' To suckle fools and chronicle small beer.' Yet a woman is none the worse for knowing how to bake bread or make a custard, and in both these little arts she is greatly assisietl by Messrs. Bortvick & Sons, who, for bereonveni ence, have produced their celebrated 11 Unking Powder' and Gold Mwl.il 'Custard l'owdci.' Willi Ihr former urtinle the mu«t prilaluble bread, rakes, and pastry din bu produced spec lilv, and with marvellmifly little tltmldr; whilst, with the latter, she ^independent ullbc domestic hen, and -;an make lim miM cMicioui custards, blanc-mances, &c.;, half tt-1 u«nal tiioo. Ghosts. — An attempt iK t'eing made in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another world, iind rr'any are tbe wonder ful stories that fill som» of the journals. Tlie Bceptical mind is. howler, inclined tn adopt Scrooge's remark to llnrley's ghost : ' How do I know that vou are not a bit of undipeited bread 1' tor, of all the gbost prodncers, a biLof ' heavy' bre::d is the moBt potent. It i6 a won der, therefore, that people do not adopt: tlie Br.re.sL spoil ajjamst. ghostij by using llorwi^l.'s Gold Jiledal ISakiiiu' Powder in making brcirf ; for, although it won'l 'raise ghustn,' it wiilt ralEe bread in the most adiniiahlc fashion. Every wise storekeeper has it by him, a- d very good houeewipe huyB it. May Good biui;snoN wait on AppmrTB says Shakespeare, but 'good digestion wil. never wait upon bad bread, and it is therefore of the greatest importancethat in making bread one should use only those leavening agents which have acquired n high reputation through long use in households throughout the world Foremost among6t thesn must be rcckou d ' Borwick's Gold Medal P-aking Powder,' which hnd stood the test in every climateol the world Get it, nse it, and add your testimony to that of the million' who praiae it. Towib's Pennyroyal and Sled Pills fo males quickly correct all irregularities, and relieve the distressing symptoms so preva'ent with theses. Boxes 2s. Pd. off all Chenii-ts Prepared only by K. T. Towle, Oheiiiisf, Not tingham, Kn^land. Agent* ter Itriithiue : JJorkely aud Taylor, Wnolcaale Drnggis'e, EPistt Bros 4c 0'.,— Whobsile Drugging. ' 