SPOUTING- NOTES. THE TURF. THE V.R.C. SPRING MEETING. OOP DAY." (FB03I ODE HELBOUBNE CORRESPONDENT.) Tuesday evening. The opening day of the Spring Meeting of the V.R.C. of 1885 will long be remembered by all patrons of the turf for two very good and sufficient reasons-one, the bad behavior of the clerk of the weather, who opened the water clouds on the pre vious night, let out a copious supply and kept it up until late the next day, thereby preventing hun dreds, aye thousands, from going to see the Derby. Two, the blow dealt to the bookmakers by the winning of such very hot favorites as Acme and Nordonfoldt, for tho Maribyrnong Plate and the Derby respectively. The inclement weather looked as if it had jet in for a spell, as it continued_to rain with but brief intervals on Sunday and until near noon yesterday, when old Sol asserted himself and drove the angry clouds away. I need scarcely mention that tho state of the_ weather was the all absorbing topic of conversation up to a late hour last night. The fore part of yesterday evening was bright aud starlight, but towards midnight it came over very dark, and it was not a guinea to a goose berry it was not another soaker to-day. This morning, however, dasvned bright and clear, aud must have rejoiced tho hearts of all holiday makers, as tho Cup is not the only attraction for pleasure-seekers in the metropolis,excursions down the bay aud trips into the country being well patronised. As the hours_ wore. on and it was getting towards noon, as if to make amends for misconduct on Saturday th*t mysterious indi vidual, the clerk of the weather, allowed the sun to shine with all its summer brilliancy, whilst the sky was as clear and bright as one could desire to see it. , As a natural consequence to the brightness of the weather, folks' spirits rose in proportion, and from an early hour in the morning-long before 8 o'clock- boys aud men made the quiet'streets of the suburbs echo again with the familiar cry " Card or book o' the races," and this was kept up throughout the forenoon until ono was safely lodged within the precincts of the grand-stand. About ten o'clock 1 journeyed down town; not that it was necessary, but I wanted to have a peep at the streets. It was worth the trouble, as I don't think I ever saw the streets look better. . I have seen them fuller and have soen greater crowds, but I never saw thousands of poople better dressed, with pleasanter faces or better be haved than I saw to-day. Bourke, Swanston and Elizabeth streets were well patronised with people as the old song says-" Driving up and down to go and see the races, sir," I learned that from as early as eight o'clock vehicles had been wending their way towards Flamington, and at the time X was at tho Post Office, 10 o'clock, there was a continuous stream. Passing up Elizabeth street and Swanston street a couple of. hours later, I had another look, and then it was that the dash ill^ four-io-hand, the doctor's pill-box, the dashing dog-cart (tandem team), the elegant ba roucho and pair, the comfortable family wagonette, tho neatly appointed brougham, cabs, hansoms, and all descriptions of vehi cles downwards from the heavy lorry, the tradesman's cart to the costermonger's barrow and donkey, cculd be seen all making towards tho Flemiugton Road. On arriving on tho course how splondid it looked. There was none of Saturday's mud although no one was to blame for that the flowers and gras3 looked fresher, tho attendance was evor BO much larger, and all the surrotiudings and the people about had a sort of well-Batislied air about them. _ .. On reaching the lawn it was found tiiat ttie ladies weie making up for lost time by promenad ing extensively.' There were some very elegant toilettes, but they lacked-and wisely too-that gorgeousness of by-gone years. Cream was the prevailing color, and as almost any othor tint will harmonise with it, there were some very pretty and tastefully made dre-ses to be Been. The vice-regal party as usual occupied the private box, set apart for them, and what with his own rotinuo and the numerous distinguished visitors now at Government House, Her Majesty's representative in this colony had a numerous company with him. An excellent lunch was provided by Mr Strakker, but, unfortunately,owing to great crush, his staff of waiters was too small to supply the. needs of so many, the consequence being that the great majority of people had to help themselves and secure whatover they could lay their hands UPTh'e day's sport opened as usual with the Rail way Stakes, for which only five horses weighed out, Isonomy being made a hot favorite, and o to 2 laid on him. His backcrs wore not disap pointed, as he won as ho liked. The Kensington Stakes, for which half-a-dozen started, resulted in another win for the favorite, Maddelina, who camo in two or three lengths of the The Nun, the five furlongs being done in 1 min 3i sees. Ten horses faced tho starter for the Hurdle Race, Gasalier and The Brigand starting equal favorites at 2 to 1. Mistake cut out most of the running, but near the finish Ruby came with a great rush, and won by 3 lengths. The next race was the Melbourne Cup, for which only three more horse3 were scratched, leaving the large field of 3o in Nordenfeldt's victory in the Dorby had tho effect of placing him first on the list at fivei to ono, after whom came Liverpool aud Brown and Rose at tens. The race from start to finish^was a splendid one, Trenton, First Chester and Brown and Rose at different stages holding the pride of place. Coming up the straight, cheat Anchor came with a well timed rush, aud after a great struggle succeeded in beating Grace Darling by a short .neck, with Trenton very close up, aud tho Derby winner fourth, Tho time was the fastest yet made by. three-quarters of a second. There was a large field of youngators for the Nursery Handicap, which fell to Yellow Jacket, who led all the way. Til" concluding event on the card was the Yan Yean Stakes, which Mr Whittingham secured with Merrimu, who has done so well of late for his owner. . , . RAILWAY Stakes.-A sweep, of three sovereigns each with 100 added, for throe years old and upwards. Weight for ago. Winner of any race (not a handicap) of the value of 100 sovs to carry 7 lbs extra. Maidens if 3 years old allowed 3 lbs; 4 years and upwards allowed 7 lbs. One mile and a quarter. _ . Mr M. Lock's b c Isonomy, 3 yrs, 7st 121bs ... ... (Qum) 1 Mr M. O'Shannassy's b e First Prince, 3 yrs, _ 8st 51bs (inoluding 7 lbs penalty) (Moore) I Mr A. Davies' b g Baron Neckor, 3 yrs, 7st 9ibs . ... (Flanagan) 3 Parwan and Perchance also started. Betting: 5 to 2 on Isonomy, 4 to 1 l'irst PTtCU,e fall of the flag First Prince and Isonomy made play, followed by Barou Necker, Parwan being last. At the Railway Bridge Isonomy had assumed the load with Baron Necker as his ; jm mediate attendant, From thiB point the race was virtually over, as t|)0 favorite on tho inside was fairly nulling Quin out of tho saddle, v/hi'st tho others were being ridden. Half way up the straight Otiin lot Isonomy out a bit, and he came away cantering in an easy winner by two lengths from First Prince, who beat Baron Necker by a length for second place. Time--2 mins 14J sec3. . . . . ; KENSINGTON STAKES.-A sweep of 10 sovs. each, with 250 added. For two-year-old colts, Sat 51b, fillies 8st. The winner to be sold for 300 BOVB. (no selling allowances). Five furlongs. Mr L. Watson's ch £ Maddehna ... (Weasel) 11 Mr D, Robertson's b f The Nun ... (Moore) 2 Mr J H. Hill's be Telephone (Campbell) 3 Mainsail, Brigantme and Aspramonte, also Bt Betting : 6 to 4 Maddelina, 3 to 1 The Nun. From I good start Telephone was the first to showTn front with Maddelina and The Nun close up. At the tan tho favorite made a bit ofaruah and assuming command, was nover troub od. and cantered in an easy winner by hv two Tho Nun -who ran very, gamely h°atvn^by two lengths Telephone for second place. The others were out-paced frpm the distance, . . ?' Time-lmin. JUsocs. ' HURDLE RACE.-A handicap sweep of IO^SOVB. each, with 250 B.ovs. sodded, bbcod.4 hgWB fore.v ceiva SO sovs. out gf the stake. About three MTA.8Orozier's br m Ruby, aged, f) 8t U lbs . ... .,, (O'Brien) 1 Mr' J. Mayo'B bh Rayenswqrth, 4 yrs, 10 st 4 .... llj3 ... ... (Bsvttyj; i Hon. W. Pearson's b m Gasalier, 6 yrs, 10 sfc fa lbs ... ... ... ... (Gardnet) i Puratfoa, ftoya) Jnsplyent, Jvlisfels6) Agitation, Studout and Brigand also started. Betting-2 to 1 Gasalier and Brigand, b to 1 Ravensworth and Agitation, 7 to 1 Ij('.ration, 8 to 1 Ruby, 10 to I others. From a pretty even start, Mistake and R°yal Maid made play, followed by Brigand and Agita tion, Insolvent being last. Roundine the turn, Brigand went to the front, and_ led Mistake four length:,, who wo.3 two lengths in front of Koyal Maid; after a gap of six lengths came Gasa.ier ant) Ravensworth, whilst Insolvent still actccl as wliipper in. As they ran along the back, Mistake took first place, and had an advantage of three lengths of Brigand, Gasalier, juration and Koyal Maid being close together. On reaching the hurdle by the abattoirs, Mistake and Brigand were pretty near level, Ravensworth and Royal being tho next pair, then came Gasalier and Ruby, tile former oil the inside, and Agitation last, hound ing tho turn and entering the straight, M's take had a length the best of Brigand, tne others following in the same order. Passing tne stand the leaders closed up, whilst Royal Maid, Gasalier, Ravensworth and Ruby all held good j positions, the last two being Duration and Agita tion. Rounding the river turn Ruby^ commenced ^ to go up, and was quickly on terms with Brigand, who was a length behind Mistako. Approaching tho railway bridgo Brigand and Mistake_ a^run drew away together, and were two lengths ahead of Gasalier, a similar distance separating them from Ruby and Royal Maid. At the sheds Insol vent came down, and running down to the turn Ruby made her effort. Sho quickly overhauled tho leader, and was first into the straight, attendod by Ravonsworth, whilst Brigatrd and Mistake dropped back. Ruby came on full of running, and won easily by four lengths from Ravensworth, who was six lengths in front of Gasalier, Brigand and Agitation biing next. Time : 5 mins. 33 sees. MELBOURNE COP.-A handicap sweep of 20 sov.< each,.with 1,000 added. The handicap weight of the winner of the A.J.C. or V.R.C. Derby to be not less than 7st 51bs, and the winner of any handicap race of the value of 100 sovs after the declaration of tile weights to cany 31bs extra; of any Buch race of the value of 200 sov3 51bs extra; of any such race of the value of 500 sovs; 71bs extra; penalties not cumulative. The second horse to receive 300 sovs, and the third 200 sovs out of tho stakes. Two miles. (1G5 subs.) Mr M. Loughlin's br h Sheet Anchor by St. Albans-Queen Mary, aged, 7st llibs ... lO'Brien) 1 Mr J. G. Reid's ch m Grace Darling by The Diver-Zoe, 6 yrs, 7st 121b3 (including 71b3 penalty) ... '..(Williams) 2 Mr D. O'Brien's c h Trenton by Musket Frailty, 4 yrs, 7st 131bs (Collins) 3 Blink Bonny, Acolyte, Lord Wilton, Tom Brown, Kit Nubbles, Coriolanus, Bosworth, War wick, St. Laurence, Plausible, Liverpool, Dunlop, Prometheus, Thunderbolt, Stornaway, Hill Top, Velocipede, St. John, Despot, Lord Exeter, Brown and Rose, Wing, Nordonfeldt Bri-.isher, ! First Chester, Arsenal, Minerva, Metal, Cyclops, Yellow Hammer, Cerise and Blue and Lesbia also started. Botting : 5 to 1 Nordenfeldt; 8 to 1 Despot and Trenton; 10 to 1 Liverpool; 15 to 1 Sheet Anchor, Brown and Rose, and Grace Darling; 20 to_ 1 Acolyte, Kit" Nubbles, Lord Exeter, and Cerise and Blue; 25 to 1 Velocipede, Lord Wilton, Storn away, Prometheus, Coriolanus, Tom Brown, Bosworth, Warwick, und Britisher; 33 to 50 to 1 others. There was some little delay at the start, owing to the horses being, anxious to get away, but with a :littlo patienco Mr Watson got them into line and despatched them" on very even terms at the first attempt. There \va3 some little difficulty in makingout who was first off, owing to the similarity in'the colors of some of tho jockeys. When they had fairly settled down to work Brown and Rose was seen to bo slightly in front, having Trenton, Lord Eexter, Grace Darling,Britisher, and Despot, as her immediate attendants; Prometheus, Dunlop, Liverpool, and Nordenfeldt, being in a cluster. Entering the course proper, Trenton was at the head of affairs, then came Thunderbolt, Arsenal, Lord Exetor.and Prometheus; tho rest of the field being all in a heap, except Yellow Hammer who tailed off. At tho distance Prometheus drew away, and led Lord Exoter and Trenton by a length, thou came Thunderbolt and plausible, Minerva being next oil the outside. Tho middle bunch comprising Nordonfeldt. Grace Darling, Sheet Anchor, First Chester, Liverpool, and half a-dozen others. Passing the stand First Chester and Prometheus were slightly ahea-'J of Norden feldt, Minerva, Thunderbolt, Blink Bonny, Dun lop, the others woll up, with Warwick and Yellow Hammer last. Roiiud the river turn First Chester and Thunderbolt together wore two lengths ahead of Prometheus, and he was a length in front of Trenton; thon came Nordenfeldt and Minerva, followed by Velocipede and Plausible. Several changes took place as they ran along the back of the course, and.by tho railway bridge, tho pace being a cracker, and over twenty horses were in it. As they came to tho abattoirs, Thunderbolt. Velocipede, Metal, and Cerise and Blue showed prominently for a few strides, but as they rounded the turn the field closed up, Brown and Rose show ing the way into the straight, with Velocipede, St John, and Nordenfeldt next. Coming to tha dis tance this lot gave way to Sheet Anchor, who came away with a wot sail; at the same time Grace Darling and Trenton shot up on tho insids of Nor donfeldt, followed by Minerva and Losbia. A great raco ensued home, all the horses being ridden desporately, which ended.in the Ba'larat horse being landed by half a neck from Grace Darling, who beat Trenton by half a head, a neck separating him from Nordenfeldt; thon came Minerva, Lesbia, and Dunlop, in the order named, Thunder bolt whipping iu the lot. /rime: 3 mins. 29.1 sec3.; the fastest time on record. ; NURSERY HANDICAP.-A sweep of 5 sovs. eich, with 200 sovs. added; second horse to receive 50, -and the third 25 sovs. out of the stakes. For two-year-olds. Five furlongs, Hon W. A. Long's b c Yellow Jacket, 7st 41bs .. ? (Williamson) ' 1 Mr B. Gray's b or br c Retort, Gst 121bs, (Johnston) 2 Mr M. Bryant's ch f Clelia, Git 71bs (Tomlins) 3 Louise Borta, MurnyrUna, Trojan, Utouia, Lord Chancellor, Damocles, Crossfire, Dividend, St. Paul, Devotion, Tamarisk, Micawber, Fernan dez, Essie, Mistral,.Trispna, Alpha, Anonyma and Duffarin also started. ? - ? Betting: 2 to 1 Yellow Jacket,4 to 1 Damocles, G to 1 Tamarisk, 8 and 10 to 1 others. Crossfire, Clelia, Damocles1 and Tamarisk ware first away, but before crossing the tan Yellow Jacket took up the running, followed by Utopia, Damocles, Essie': and Tamarisk. . Entering the course proper Yellow Jacket was first, with Cross fire, Damocles, Essie, Retort, Clelia, Devotion, and Tamarisk. Thi3 order was maintained to tho distance, where Trojan and Louise Berta came out with a rush. They failed, however, to reach the loader, Yellow Jacket, who won comfortably by three lengths from Retort, who was a neck in front of Clelia, then came Trojan, Tamarisk and Louise Berta, Time-1 min. 2j sees.' THE 'YAK YEAN STAKKS.-A handicap sweep of 3 sovs each with 100 added. For three-year olds and upwards. One mile. ' Mr J. Whittingham's ch li Merrimu, 4 yrs, 7st lOlbs - ... (Trahan) 1 Mr D. S. Wallace's b h Ohuckster, (aged), 8st 12H» ..: ... (M. O'Brien) 2 Mr W. A. Filgate's br h Laviugton, 4 yrs, 7st 41bs ... .. (Weasel) 3 Lantern, Middlemarch, Stafford, Tho Ghost, The : Agent, Fernlea, Signor, Juanna, Marie Lomae, Muscat, Kingship, Agatha, Meerschaum, Egbort, Mrs Jarloy, Bon Bon, All Black, Phaon and Ragman also started.: Betting : 3 to 1 Tho Ghost; 4 to 1 Merrimu ; G to 1 Chuckster and Stafford; 8 and 10 to 1 others. When the two and twenty horse3 were mar shalled at tho post, Mr Watson had some trouble with them, as they were all anxious to get the best of it. When let go it was rather a straggling start, Stafford, Laviugton and Signor being first to show in front; Egbort being at the head of the others. Rounding the turn past tho abattoirs and ap proaching tho sheds, Signor_ and Stafford had been joined by Boh Bon, whilst Egbert, Laving ton "and Muscat were close up., -The two first named led round tho home turn and into the straight, followed by Lavington and Muscat. At the distance Merrimu came with a rush from the inside, and was followed by Chuckster. Muscat and Stafford were settled in a few strides, and a good race home resulted in favor of Mr Whitting ham's horse, Chuckster being just clear of Laving ton, who,was six lengths in front of Signor. \- Time-1 min 424 saca The parade prior to the Cup was a picture m itself. Nothing looked bettor than Trenton, who with Nordenfeldt, started as best favoritos. Pro metheus was quickest av/ay,and made tho rumiirg for three-quarters of amile,Liverpool,Sheet Anchor Trenton, Metal, and Velocipede being in next best positions, with Despot acting as whipper-in. \yhen: they reached tho scraping sheds _ Kit Nubbles was seen ; coining to front, bat quickly gavo way. Directly after this Ellis gave Nqrden feldt a rousing with the whip, which caused him to join the front rank, but as they rounded tho turn for home Sheet Anchor come up on inside when he was at once challenged by Liverpool, who was quickly done for. Hero theDerby winner was called on,but os they came to tho distance Graco Darling and Trenton, who were o ich going within them- , Bolves, wore seen coming to, the front,which caused Sheet Anchor to put on an extra spurt, beating Grace Darling by a length, Trentou a good third, Nordenfeldt fourth, 'Minerva fifth, Brown and Rose sixth, Liverpool seventh. The judge,as oa the Derby Day, made a mistake by placing Blink Bonny as second instead of Grace Darling. Time -3 mins. 294 sees. M ANDERS' SPORTING NOTES (From Albert S. Mandors, Telegraphic Agent.) , J^ElflOORNE, 3rd November. Visitors to tha metropolis of Victoria are here en masse,every hotel crowded,couches,- and billiard tables only available for short siestas. It is really what is termed Qiieeh's weather in the old country, and so anxious ware ladies to secure good seats in the grand-stand.lhat they.were seen wending their way to the-railway station bo fore 1Q o'clock. ? , . ' 3. . . , , The Governors of tins and adjoining colonies were present with thoir suites, and bath the stand and lawn might be fairly compared to Epsom,. or ; the more aristocratic Royal .circle Ascot.' Tho lawn in fact was a perfect flower garden as f«r as j the beauties of ladies* toilettes were concerned. Commencing with w.hat is generally termed the real business of the day, only five out of the 20 | colored on the card started for the Railway Stakes for which Isonomy was at once elected favorite, and from 6 to 4 he went to.3 to 1 laid on him "be fore the Aug fell. In this backers showed their judgment n.3 tho : favorite jumped away with tho lead, made all the: running and won easily.1 The 71b ponalty carried by First Prince for his win at Geelong just accounting for the defeat of Mr Mat. O'Shannassy's colt. The Kensington stakes proved the truthfulness of Maddi)lit)a'fj running in the Maribyrnopg Plftte (in which she" was seconq to tho fjyar, Acmo), as with 6 to.<} qn her she won. fyard held, whilst Th'e Nun was fairly ridden out. The winner was after wards sold to Mr W. Long of Sydney for £620. A nice bonus to the club funds of £320. . Gasalier and Brigand wore equal favorites at;2 to I each for tb§. Hurdlo Kaco, iMietata muds tha pace vory smart half the distance, with Roj al Maid going well, ~ Kavt*nsworth,_ Gasaher, aim Ruby close up. After tins Duration accidentally rolled over at the hurdles, and they had only got to the abattoirs before a dog crossed the track just in front of Insolvent, which caused him to swerve and unseat his rider and interfere with Student's chance. Raven a worth then put on steam but in last quarter mile was outpaced by Ruby, Gaselier only gaining third place; Royal Maid tinisheJ last. . The Cup field \va3 a picture in itself as the ou horses faced the starter. Prometheus made the running for part of the way, with Liverpool, Kit Nubbles, and Brown and Etose as attendants, but when it camo to racing, Sheet Anchor, Grace Dar ling and Trenton were left to finish ft noble battle in the order named. NordonfeMt was fourth, Liverpool fifth, Brown and Rose sixth. ? In the Nursery Handicap nothing could reach Yellow Jacket's quarters but Trojan and CleUa, and it only required Williamson to just shake Mr Long's colt up to cau^e him to come away a comfortable winner. The Yan Yean Stakes resultod in another vic tory for the black and gold colors of Mr Whit ting ham, as after Signor had made the running, Merrrimu ciuie away an easy winner from Ohuck ster. CRICKET. Long Gully Star v. Bray-street to-day, at Long Gully. Star team:-Trewin, Jewell, Dunstan, Barrett, Rainbow, Gattren, Williams, Dower, Nankervis, Harris. The Excelsior v. North Sandhurst, in the Upper Reserve to-day. Excelsior team :-Mohr, Straug hair, Nowson, Meugher, Barker, Mumford, Eman, Turnbull, Howard, Darwin, Miller. Reserve: Allday, Stewart. New Times ,v. Crusoe Owls, at Crusoe to-day. New Times team:-Megan, Lowery (2),M'Gregor, Bell, M'Pherson, Ross, Randall, Abbott, Geelon, Neeson, Knight, Manning. Crown v. North Bendigo 2nd eleven, at North Bendigo. Crown team :-Evans, Neilson, Daykin, Griffiths (2), Trewin (2), Borchdo'.t.Philp, Webb, Blackler, Charles, Wilson and Pilgrim. Juvenile Temperance v. Olivo Branch, I.O.R., at Golden-square to-day. Temperance team: - Greer, Keagen, Shipp. Martin, Randall, Cook, Dean, Healy, Moore. Lynes, Gibson. Emergency: Greer, Knucky, Smith, Andrew. East Sandhurst v. Albion Brewery (for Hutche son and Myor's cup), at Eaglehawk tn-day. East Sandhurst team :-Connell, Dowd, Ward (2), Whitting, Carnduff, Grelis, Davis, Magee, Geisler, Marsh, Nankivell, Brown, Quin. Brewery team: Llewellyn, Prior, Brown (3), Smith, Arthur, Bull, Hurst, Kelly, Williams, Posetoe. Reserve: Met calfe, Taylor, M'Coririick, White. B.U.O C. team v. Golden Gully, at Back Creek to-day :-J. D. Boyd, J. Buchan, J. D. Edwards, G. Hall, W. J. Jackson, 0. O'Neill, Roper, A. M.' Smith, H. Wells, Pownall and Willis. Reserve : C. Edwards, Mouriilion. Golden Gully team : - Chapman (2). Adams (3), Pinneger, Mamouney, Pascoe, Hayes, Lawlor, Brewer |(2), G. Barnard, Kox, Spence and Sharp. Eaglehawk Juniors v. Southern Cross, in the Reserve to-day. Eaglehawk Juniors' team Attwater, Bartle, Simmons, Hall, Hegharty, Harvey, Quick, M'Nab, Ellis, Rodda, Griffiths. Reserve: Herbert, Cox, M'Williams, Evans, Schofield. Excelsior (13) v. Cap_iilet3, in the Upper Re serve to-day. Excelsior team : - O'Donohoe, Woods, Suuthby (2), M'Veigh, Fox, Lingham, H. Parker, Pollett, M'Callum, Stevens, M'luerny, Beavus, Reservo: Mohr, Darwin. Congregational v.Montagues(for Messrs Hutche son and Myers' cup), at Cherry Tree to-day. Con gregational team :-Skillicorn, Berriinau, Anguin, H. Peterson, Rundle, Stean, Bo'.am, Brokenshire, Coldrey, Mahaffy, Ross. Reserve : Andrews, C. Peterson, Bennett, Roberts, Bowman, Curnow, Berry. View Point against B.U.C.C. in the reserve to day, View Point team-Buchan, Bruce (2), O'Neill (2), Fly, Wood, Roper, Tully, Pabst, M'l.ean, Woolcock, Braella, Stedman, Matchett. B.U.C.C. team-J. Allday, Birch, Brew, J. Cordner, G. Jackson, M'Lennan, O'Flaherty, Suuthby (jun.), Southby (sen.), A. Wells, and Walker. Reserve-Harvoy, J. B. Young. The match between tho Excelsior and Quarry Hill Juniors re-suited in a victory for the Excel sior by 1 innings and. 20 runs. Scores being, Excelsior 82, and Quarry Hill 25 and 33. Highest scorers for the winners being C. Parker 29, R. Southby 21, Mumf.,rd 11, and Jackson 10, and for tho losers, J. Sharp 1 and 10, and Straughair 8 and 11. The bowliDg honors were divided between Emmett and Parker for the winners, and for the losers Crawford, Straughair, and Sharp. BOWLING. The Sandhurst Bowling Club play their first Welsh main this afternoon Special efforts have been, made to git tho ground in first-class order. AQUATICS. A meeting of tho Bondigo Rowing Club committee was held in the Black Swan Hotel last evening, when tho following were the draws for the various events of their regatta CHAJIFION* SOULLS.-J. Harrison v I. Wauhop, P. Flannagan v Siromonds, D. Kerr v H. Busst, J. Driscoll v A. Kerr, E. Parker v R. Wilson. MAIDEN* Scur.i.s.-J. Reed v H. Neilson, A. Wilson v T. Roed, A: Fraser byo. Nine-Stonk SCULLS.-S. Johns v T. Reed, H. Hart v E. Greenwood, W. Gis.-iucr bye. SKNIOK Fooits -D. ICerr stroke, A. Kerr, J. Richaidson and T. Corr against P Flannagan stroke, H. Maess, J. Beckerleg and A. Fraser; R. Wilson stroke, A. W. Garner, J. Bradley and H. Neilson bye. MAIDEN FOCUS.-J. Beckerleg stroke, T. Crowe, M. Laehiin, E. MacDonougli against A. Wilson stroke, J. Sharp, F. Deuovan, W. Leohan; H Neilson strUke, J. Ruff, J. Scott, C. Morgan against S. Johns stroko, Ike Way, R. Duncan, G. Trevarrow. Sknior PAIRS- R. ^ilson stroke, A. W. Garner against D. Korr stroke, J. Wade; H. Maose stroke, J. Bradley byo. MAIDBS PAIRS.-H. Neilson stroke, J. Becker ley against A. Wilson stroke, F. Denovan. CYCLING. We are requested to call tho attention of pedes trians to the fact that entries for tho Sheffield Handicap, to be run at;the Ramblers' Sports, closo to-night at the Metropolitan Hotel. 