Tales and Sketches. A Poor Old Ghost. •Jobt ono moro and thou I'll turn in,' yawned Timothy Nibbg, sole proprietor and manager of Nibbs'B unrivalled Spootral Operatio and Sramatio Combination, as he squinted ruefully at the empty glass at his elbow. ' With suoh a ghost- stirring night outsido, and such glorious whisky within reach, sobriety becomes sacrilege, xes, sir, sacrilege, and 'hang mo if I'm going to risk my soul to pleaso anybody.' It might have beon the heat of the fire, or possibly the warmth of his. feelings, but as ho leant back iu his ohair and toasted his feet on the fender of the coffee-room of the Blue Eagle Hotel, Little Grimlington, Timothy certainly did not present the appear • anco of one who was in any peril of being rushed to perdition for the enormity of slight ing what, to do him justice, he consistently honoured as one of the choicest gifts of pro vidence. The fact is, Tim was very red in the faoe and rather watery about the eyes, when ho gave his imaginary auditor—for there was no one iu tne room but him self—the benefit of the above valuable re flection, and his gait was anything but geo metrically straight, as he shuffled to the other side of the room for the eighth time in sixty minutes to summon the gentleman whose duty it was to produce fresh supplies of steaming nectar at his bidding. He pulled the rope vigorously enough, but somehow no sound re sulted, and ho was justabout to give it another, and, this time, a more splenatic tug, when the first solemn stroke of midnight from the venerable church tower, a few hundred yards up the street, fell on his ears. ' Twelve o'clock, by jove!—Hullo, how did you come in !' The last, and interrogative portion of the sentence was addressed to an extraordinary looking creature who was comfortably curled up in the Bpacions arm-chair Tim had just vacated. On hearing itself addressed, the object looked up and then Tim, with all his experience of ghosts and goblins, began to feel his flesh creep. The gas had, for Borne roason or other, turned to a very blue tinge. There was a decidedly damp and earthy smell about the room; and to make matters worse, the fire, which, a few seconds before, was burning brightly, had become a few sickly looking cinders, and seemed to be making up its mind to go out altogether. There was no mistake about tbo singular occupant of the ohair being a ghost, but of what kind it was left to itself to revoal. It was a little shabby old man in ap pearance, its clothes were very old-fashioned and threadbare, as if they wero made about three hundred years ago, and had been in constant wear ever since, and Tim noticed with horror, after a few seoonds' steady gaze at the apparition, that he could see the luck of the chair as plain as possible through its attenuated body, and lean, shrivellod-up, cadaverous features. ' You need not bo afraid of mo,' the spectre drawled out in a sepulchral voice, which he seemed to fetch somewhere but of the welts of his dilapidated buckled-shoes, ' it's mo that has cause to fear.' ' Who are you ?' Tim gasped, still shivering with fright, but somewhat reassured by the evident disposition of his visitor to he sociablo. ' Do—do you want a—a—berth in my show ?' He was sorry the moment after he put that question, for the phantom jumped off the chair and in a tone of voice much more animated than might have been expected from his pre vious utterance said, ' Don't stand thoro trembling and putting silly questions, but sit down, and try and bo rational for once in your life at least.' • lnnnks, very much,' jerked out the owner of Nibbs'a unparalleled combination. 41 am all right here u you er—er—' 1 That will do,' growled the other. 41 came to talk to you, not to listen to your senseless ohatter. Whon does your phow open ?' 4 To morrow,' naid Tim. 4 Well, that's boxing day,'. said His visitor. 4 Tho samo as when you oamo here last Christmas. Well, I want you to give me a job. I'm played out up at tho churchyard there. The old legitimate ghost business is going to rack and ruin. Why, tho time was when people darcu't go within a mile of tho churchyard, but now lovers actually have tbo cheek to sit till after ten, quite near the very spot where I was murdered by my profligate heir," and oa the stone of the very vault whero, after I had been unburicd and contracted a rheumatism, which I shall never get rid of in all my ghostly life, they were good onough to bury mo.' 4Woll, yon see,' ventured Tim, growing bolder as professional matters began to bo touched upon, 4 your business is certainly no go now. Grown up folks don't care two straws for tho clanking chains, bloody winding shoots, galloping about the country on fleshlcss horses and throwing your heads in people's faces, and all that nonsensical paraphernalia of ghostly visitation. Besides, you choose such ungodly hours und unsavoury places for your appear ances. Who would think now-a-daysoi sit ting up till pott midnight, and running tho risk of catching one's death by waiting about in a dump church- yard, or in a mouldering tumblo down house, or by tho side of somo wrotobod little pond, for tho sake of catching a glimpse of perhaps some broken- hearted, hopelessly in teresting sjKMumcn of ghostly anatomy liko yourself, for instance, especially when at my show by paying 6d. (tfd. back beats), they can seo every description of ghostly horror in a comfortable, well-lighted room, and got homo in time for suppor I' 4 You are very complimentary,' tho spectre sneered, when Tim had finished, 4 but you forgot ono thing. From all I win sec, nothing seems to go down so well-us realism iust now, and if real horses, real ©artbqunkoH, real niggers, and real snakos draw on the stage, why not a real ghost ? Fanoy, what an attrac tion it would bo, if you could commence 44 Tho ghost of Haralot'a father, by a real ghost from tho parish churchyard," or 44 After the execu tion of KlogCturlea, hii ma joaty will re-appcar in spirit, and hand his head lonnd for the in spection of the audienco {"" ' That might do,' growled Tim, determined to ho rovengod for the fright ho had received. ' That might answer very well, if you were not BO proeiouH ugly. Tho only thing you could personate well would ho a nightmare. Besides, you don't show yourself till after midnight, and popular prejudice is in favour of going to bod instead of to a show at that hour. All night sittings may ho all very well at the Hopso of Commons, hot they would not go do\tn at a ghost show.' 'That's very true,' the spectro groaned. 'I'm afraid our game is up, and that's tho reason I came to you. It's very hard for a ghost of my ago and standing to have to come to a pitiful little catch-penny showman like you, but beggars mustn't ho choosers. I Bupposo everything that's picturesque and venerable has to give way to the march of progress.' ' Hold hard,' interrupted Nibhs, ' you don't call yourself picturesque, I should think. Why, on your own showing, you are only good to frighten children, and send old maids into hysterics. Folks of the present day are wiser than their ancestors, ana instead of seeking their goblins in the country lanes and haunted houses, manufacture them as they want them, nnd either laugh at them on the stage, or work themselves sufficiently to feel just a little hurror over them round a pleasant tire at Christmas time.' ' I suppose you are right,' sighed the now profoundly dejeetedphantom, glancing uneasily at the clock and growing maudlin. ' Bnt is Christmas better kept now, or more conducive to peace and goodwill, than in .the old times, when the reverence which men paid to visitants far from the unknown world was evidence of a respoot and affection for something more than the hard matter-of-fact experiences of every day life?' i That's all very well,' rejoined the prosaic showman, ' people who are played ont all speak of " the good old times." 1 suppose you would like us to go hack to the time when folks were hung for sheep stealing, and when there were no sanitary laws, carriage roads worth calling such, telegraphs or—but what's tho use of arguing with a ghost. What I advise you is to write to tho Psychical Society, and ask them if they have a haunted house to let.' ' And if they have not f' ' Try and get a job in an artist's studio. You would he no use to me. You would not ho able to do anything that would earn your sulphur—of which I should think you carry a good deal about with you, judging from tho atmosphere of this room. There's only one thing for you to do.' 'What's that V was tho ghostly query, the utterer of which had during tho last few minutes been getting dimmer and dimmer. ' Why, join a Burial Society, and get your self respectably interred. Take my word, that's all you are good for.' ' I think I'll take your advice,' the wretched Bpectro replied in a rather more eheerful tone than he had used before, and without taking the trouble to say good bye, disappeared, just as the clock struck 1 ; and Tim jumped from tho chair in which ho hod been sitting all the time, and found that in his nap he had knocked the empty glass over and let the fixe out. 