THE SAN FRANCISCO MAIL SERVICE. SYDNEY, October 30. A large and influential meeting of merchants, shipowners and others interested in the American trade, was held " in the Chamber of Commerce at noon to-day. The meeting was addressed by Captain Ghost, Captain Broomfield, Messrs. H. Gillies, and Nield, M.L.A.'s and others, all of whom strongly advocated a direct line of steamers to and from San Francisco. It was pointed out that the expenditure of the present company was at least £80,000 per year, and that where one ton of cargo or one passenger was landed in New Zealand, 10 times that number came to Australia. It was also stated that it would be impossible to recover for loss or damage to goods caused by the , proposed transhipment at Honolulu. It was alleged that the prestige of Sydney as a shipping port was fast falling away.' A deputation from the Chamber of Commerce waited upon the Postmaster General to day, for the purpose of _ontoiiii(j_a_prp test against the the now San Francisco mail contract. Thtfjohiof Yobjcdtioh advanced against the arrangement was the break in the voyage,' cohserfucnt on the trans shipment of goods at Honolulu. The deputation stated that they failed altogether to see how the service could possibly be as economical as a through BCIVICO. There were unlimited grounds for anticipating that great inconvenience and damage of cargo would result from transhipment. The only suggestion effected was that if no better arrangement could be made with New Zealand, this colony should establish a direct service of her own,' leaving New Zealand to carry out the proposed j contract alone. In that case it was thought that as New Zealand would have a BCI vice between this colony and her own ports, and between Auckland and America, it would be useless for our boats to call there on the voyage to San Francisco. The Postmaster- General held out no hope of the establish ! most of indirect service, and he expressed the fullest confidence in the Union Steam- ship Co. of New Zealand. He said he was in honour bound to sign the contract entered into by his predecessors, pending the decision of Parliament. Mr. See also to minded the deputation that, however much the Government might have the trade of the colony at heart, their primary object in this instance was to procure the carriage of the mails. ' 