PElSONATION; A?ND ITS EFFECTS.' A TALE OF MrYSTERY, LOVE, INTRIGUE, AND DEVOTION. (BY AN, OLD AUTHOR.) CHAITER VI. Cecil, with a seriousnesss of look and manner quite unusual to him, had sum moned Thomas and Dinah to attend him, on his returin to the Lodge. His eyes were yet moist, as he requested the latter to pass the night at the farm, that she might afford every assistance to the distressed crphan, a request which Dinah with prompt humanity instantly fulfilled.' Thomas was empowered to arrange, and see executed the melancholy cere mony of consigning to the grave the mortalremains of the unfortunate Mr. Amherst. The next order given was to prepare a chamber for the reception of Julia, who had refused to quit the farm while it contained the body of her beloved and indulgent parent. ' Is Miss Ahmhurst to reside here, master Henry ?' inquired Thomas, with a look of surprise. ' Yes?, Thomas, aslong as I shall con tinue at the Lodge. What objection have you to urge against my orders ?' 'None, sir; you are master here, and I know my duty too well to disobey your commands,' said the old man, bowing re: spectfully: 'Yet :I thought, master Henry-' 'I nish younto act, and not to think for me,' replied Cecil, agrily. 'I beg pardon, master Henry,' said t~he old man, sorrowfully retiring to wards the door. The heart of Cecil reproached him for his unjust displeasure to the long attached though humble friend of his family, and springing from his seat he caught his hand as he was leaving the drawing room, and drew him 'gently back. ''Tis I who must ask pardon, dear' Thomas, for my hasty and.un kind display of anger. Thomas, it is not you who would deny a shelter to a destitute orphan, now. bereaved of her only friend and protector. Your heart has never yet been closed to the voice of the afflicted ; neither would you love and respect your Henry Cecil, :as you now do were he to refuse the rights of hospitality to an amiable girl, thus thrown friendless and deso late upon his humanity and protec tion.' The old man raised the hand of his boyish master to his lips. 'No, master Henry, I would not have you otherwise than what you are, the pride and glory of my aged heart. I love and venerate your benevolence. Yet what will the family at the ball say ? What will the village think of so young' a guardian? Surely Miss Oakley would have offered the poor child a home, which would have been more' safe and prudent than the lodge?' ' MyworthyThomas, set your honest heart at' rest. The father of Miss Amherst entrusted her to my care. I have sworn to regard her as sacredly as my sister; and may Heaven punish me with its direst wrath' if I ever' desert or falsify'my oath ! Thomas replied that he was sa'tis fled, and he hoped others might be the :same. The good old man was, however, most sadly perplexed to devise the means of reconciling Dinah tothis fresh surprise. He was consciousthat heir old-fashioned notions of propriety would be shocked by the introduction of a young female resident at the lodge. Innocent and simple- minded, she yet knew the difference between right and wrong. Perfectly chaste in heart and mind, Dinah was a rigid advocate for the strict observance of all the rules of decorum; and Thomas was assured that it would require more eloquence than he was master of to induceDinah tocountenance the friend less Julia, while under the protection of a youth like Cecil. Dinah, kind and compassionate, was a valuable companion to Miss Amherst. Her piety and feeling enabled her to console the distressed orphan under her heavy bereavement; teaching her to place a firm reliance on Providence, who would never desert her, as long as she kept his command ments, and did to others as she would be done unto herself. A visit from Fanny Oakley next morning renewed the grief of Julia; for she remembered, with agony, that at their last interview her poor father was' alive, to greet her with his approv ing smile. Distressed by the painful situation of Miss Amheret, Fanny repeated 'ber friendly invitation to make the Hall her home; and heard, with no small astonishment, that it was the last wish of her father that she should take up her residence at the Lodge, and continue under the care of its youthful inmate. F anny's warm synhipathy received a check at this unwelcome intelligence. Aware of tlhe Mffect it would have on the mind of Sir George, she felt that her countenance betrayed her disapprobation of the arrangements; and, without meaning it, she coldly bade her faieewell, convinced that any offer 'of assistance was needless, as everything respecting the funeral, as well as the fate of Miss Amherst, was entrusted to the care of Cecil, who had commissioned Thomas to defray every necesssary expense, as well as any debts which the deceased might have incurred during his stay at the farm. Hetty, though not naturally an ill tempered girl, was by no means friendly disposed towards Julia. The visits and the attentions of Cecil called forth her envy, and checked the better feeling of her otherwise-compassionate heart; but when she heard that Miss Amherst had refused the protection of Miss Oakley, and that she intenided to quit the farm immediately after the funeral of her father, and to reside at the Lodge, under the care of Cecil, her indignation was almost boundless, and she with difficulty, restrained it in the presence of Julia, giving it full vent, the moment she had an opportunity of disclosing her sentiments and, her opinions to the grieved and astonished Di)nah. -Fortunately for Julia, the angry in-. vectives of Hetty, and her malevolent insinuations, lost their intended effect on the upright and honest mind of. Dinah. T'hough her notions of pro priety were shocked by the sudden discovery of.Cecil's: intentions,.. her humaunity refused to sanction the malice of Hetty, or to believe her base minsii uation against the gentle ajd uuoffen'd.d inbg rphan. Dearly as Dinah loved lier young master, she, in secret, cast the blame and the censure upbli him, not that she considered Julia as wholly exempt from error; but her friendless and desoulite situation pleaded strongly for her in the heart of Dinah; and as she knew that Cecil was a warm. ad mirer of pretty faces, she now thriew the whole of her resentment upon him, resolved to watch narrowly all his ac tions, and to protect' the poor orphan herself from every temptation to which she might be exposed, from the thought less gaiety and dangerous admiration of her wild and fascinating protector. Notwithstanding her extreme simr plicity, Dinah had sufficient delicacy tb conceal from MIiss Amherst'the injurious suspicions of Hetty; and to defer her own intended counsels until the first shock of her bereavement was over.: She even reprimanded Betty for her readiness to speak'ill of the unfortuaate tellig her to ask her own heart,'if she would have refused the assistance of Mr. Henry, had she been left, like Julia, without a friend, or a homnie to go to. 'I am much mistaken,'.s did Dinah, 'if those who cry shame first, are not always the most guilty themselves. Poor Miss Amherst. though :she mhay live under the same roof with Mr. Henry, may be a modest prudent young woman, and one who would never think of going to meet a parcelof wild giddy sehoolboys, in a lone wood, by moon light, as some folks that Iknow have done. So keepa silent tongue, Hetty, for Mr. Henry is a lion when he is angry; and he will not be best pleased to hear you speak so disrespectfally'of his friends. Hetty blushed deeply at the mention of the wood, and, trembling with shame and fear, begged Dinah not to tell anybody what she said.-' I should not have been so sharp, Mrs. Dinah, only it looked rather queer that 'Miss Amherst should go to the lodge when she was invited so kindly to live like a lady at the hall.' ' ' Dinah thought that it certainly had a'queer look, but she did not say so to Hutty. for she considered that the moonlight meetings ,in "the wood looked still more queer and suspicious; whiletheimprudentpreference given by Julia to the society ofheryoungmaster, was at last open to the vigilance and scrutiny of others older than herself, who might advise and protect her from 'harm.' Though Cecil's time was much occupied by his consolatory attentions to the distressed orphan, he had twice called at the Hall to inquire after its beloved inmates.. Their offence had been, forgiven and forgotten'; he was ,thereibforepained and mortified by, the visible coldness of his reception, and still more so by the refusal of Sir George to let.his granddaughter ac company him in a sail up the river, Felicia burst into tears and left the room, which instantly awakened the quick displeasure of Cecil. He 'rose, and bowing with an air of unwontud pride, was leaving the a artment, when Sir George called him back Cecil hesitated; but at length re turned. Miss Oakley and Fanny kept their eyes on the ground; but their eloquent features sufficiently expressed both sorrow and unchanged affection. ''My refusal has displeased you Mr. Cecil,' said Sir George, after a pause, in whicbh he had succeeded in repress ing the display of his 'eal fondness for the petulant boy; ' you have a right to know the cauee. Contrarv to my advice, and that of my daughters, an advice we should not have presumed to bestow, had you been older, or had we loved you less, you have persisted in taking under your roof a young and unprotected fenmale, whose delicacy seems doubtful, since she deolined the flattering countenance of my daughter's friendship for yours, which, even young as you are, cannot shield her from censure and reproach. This careless disregard to the opinions of the world places her in an' un favourable point of view; which, when joined to your own indifference of our opinions, and I may say our affection for yourself, compels me with painful reluctance to acknowledge that I no longer consider the connection to be of that pruident and blameless nature whic iwoud sEanction my allowing my. gran?cliild' to be the companion,` as formerly, of your rambles.' Cecil bit his lip with violence,.his ~eyes sparkled with indignation, and his face crimsoned with the strong ex citement of his angry feelings; yet respect for the age and former kind ness of Sir George softened into tern perance his reply. 'If a hatred to control, a love of independence, and an anxious wish to lighten the mise ries of the unfortunate are crimes in the eyes of Sir George Oakley,' said Cecil, with an energy which bespoke his emotion, 'then I must plead guilty to the charge against me, and submit to his decision. I may have been im prudent and petulant, for such nature and indulgence made me; but my heart disclaims the base ingratitude of being indifferent to his good opinion or insensible to the value of that flat tering confidence and affection which I have uniformly received from his' family, and returned with the sin cerest love, a love which will know no diminution from absence or neglect.' Before Sir George could reply Cecil had rushed from the chamber. In the hall his rapid flight was stopped by Felicia, who, innocently pure in mind,.: and overcome by her intense sorrow for what had passed, threw herself on his neck, sobbing violently. ' You are· going, and in anger; dear Henry,' said the weeping girl, 'and I shall never see you more. I shall never, never be hapoy again.' 'It is the will of your grandfather dearest Felicia,' replied Cecil, in a voice of t:enderness, as he returned her em brace; 'but you will think of me sometimes- you will not condemn me for an act of common humanity, to a friendless and deser·uing orphan ?' .'Never, never!' exclaimed Felicia a'rmly ; and if I thought that you would remember me with thesame kind ness as I shall always think of you, Henry, I would venture to watch for an opportunity to sail some evening near Azor's rock, when for a moment I could just stop to see and to speak to you.' 'My own beloved Felicia!' cried Cecil joyftilly, '. my dear little sister that shall be--then we only meet to part again. Every evening, unless -prevented. I will walk to that part of the shore, in the hope of seeing you. Fiarewell, sweet girl, and remember Henry Cecil.' During the visit of Cecil to Oakley Hall, Dinah had made a hasty one to tihe lodge. Hitherto her time and at 'teation had been so much occupied by her humane endeavours to console Julia, that she had no leisure to express her disapprobation of her master's con duct to her husband, a circumstance as surprising as it was agreeable to her worthy partner. She now, however, proceeded to make some alteration in the bed-chamber designed for the recep tion of the orphan, who, as the funeral was to take place next day, purposed removing from the farm the following morning. 'Queer doings, Thomas; the world is sadly changed for the worse since we were boy and girl; I don't much like such goings on-do you, Thomas?' 'Why as to that Dinah, if you mean ouir master Henry's kindness to a poor destitute orphan, I see nothing to dis lilke, but more to praise, since it is only another proof of the excellency of. his heart.' 'How, Thomas!' cried Dinah, open ing hermouth and eyes in astonishment; ' nothing, do you say, to dislike, in a prettyyoung creature like Miss Amherst living and conversing at all hours with a handsome and giddy youth, such as master Henry is ? TWhy didn't he let her accept the condescending invitation of Miss Oakley? surely it would have been more proper and decent than living here with no other female but myself.' ' It is no business of ours, Dinah; and though Mr. Henry is certainly very.handsome, and rather wild, yet, on my soul, I believe theie is no harm in him. So Miss Amherst may if she pleases be as safie here as at the hall.' 'But 'tie the look of the thing, Thomas, and the ill-natured talk of some people, that vexes me most; for I will watch and see that no harm comes to her while she is at the lodge.' 'If people would mind their own business, and hot meddle with that of others, 'twould be better for them,' replied Thomas; 'so come, Dinah, and let. us set the example, and do you be quick, that you may comfort the poor young thing.' ',I warrant'me master Henry is doing that by this time,' said Dinah. '*My ~iord but we shall soon have the h6Urse full. I. should not wonder if Mr. Osborne was here to-night. There's onelcomfort, Thomas, we shall then have oualS one spare bed-room, and I hope nobody will want to hide them selhes in that. Mercy on me! I should never get the better of my fright if the officers of justice were to come and take Mr. Osborne away and hang him, for killing and slaying his fellow - creature. I should never, Thomas, sleep peacefully in my bed, foe 'his ghost would be sure to haunt the Pilace.' 'No such calamity will befal him, I.trust,' replied Thomas; 'but if he shouli be discovered, I know of a place where they can never find him, and I'll just give him a hint of it when he comes.' Dinah's supposition was verified, for at the close of day Mr. Osboirne arrived in a hired chaise. Thomas assisted him to alight, and conducted him to the apartments set aside for his use; then left him to procure, in the absence of Dinah, the refreshment of a strong cup of coffee, which he had preferred to wine. (To be continuerd.;) 