? ? ?'... . 'Setoafifie - '? .:.'?'?? MR. A. B. BIGGS'S NEW TELESCOPE 'Not from tho Btars do I my judgments ?? pluck, . ?'; ... .?-'.. And yet methinks I have aBtronomy.' \- — Shakkbpeabb.; The clear atmosphere of the southern homis phero pnoullarly favours those persons who delight in spending hours at night in viewing through a telescope the ce . leatial bodies — tlio fixed stars, planets, satellites, and comets — for the .purpoio bution, magnitudes, motions, distances, periods of revolution, eolipsos, eto. Pew men in Aus tralasia have devoted moro time to or taken, a greater interest in astronomy than Mr. A. B. Biggs, of Patterson-street, Lnuncostoa, who has by assiduity gained a wonderful knowledge of the laws of fcho heavenly bodios, and of the prinoiplea by which their motions are regulated. For years Air. Biggs has boon a cloao observer of the hoavena, and wo have often bean Indebted to him for interesting and reliablo information oonoerning special stellar phonomona. Ho has _ 1 1 ? ?_ 1.1. _ 131.1.1_ _.1H-Jn !.- 41*a Tn«nlir3 BUtjOU UVUlO III llUU llUUtV 1UUUUUK IU uuu Aiiruuu Depot Grounds, whore by tho aid of a very ex oollent refracting tojoscopo he was enabled to make some interesting observations, and from time to time to gather aomo fresh information relative to the southern solar system which was ; very interesting to the famous astronomers of ; Europe. . Recently, however, Mr. Biggs was : most agreeably surprisod when he was informed by an old and most esteemed friend that he ? had a new and very poworful telesoope whioh he intended to present to him. This magni ficent instrument Sir. Biggs has had fitted up jin a' small but oompaot obaorvatory in the ?Invalid Depot Grounds, at the end of the path leading from the gato opposite to the entrance to the Gaol, and last night he Invited the representatives of the Press to his sanctum to have a peep at some of the twinkling stars through his new telosoope. ; The1 evening was somewhat oloudy, and it was feared that the star gazing would have to be postponed, but at 7 '30 o'clock, when the scribes asBombled tho fleeoy clouds seemed to be drifting southward, and there was a prospect of tho heavens being dear. While Mr. Biggs was adjusting and fixing the telesoope the knights of the pencil had a look round his observatory. It is constructed of wood, and is aoout lurt. square, ana is sec so tune tne sides faoo the north; east, west, and south respec tively. There is a door at the north and south ends, so that Mr. Biggs can, wh.on occasion requires, step out and Bee how the weather, is. The upper half of the sides lower all round the building, so that the telescope oan bo pointed at. any objeot all round. The roof, ib very ingeniously constructed. On the top of the. least- and west walls are fixed iron1 rails, on : which the roof, whioh is ' built on wheels, rests, therefore ?. when Mr. Biggs wishes to observe ;any particular star' in. the. northern,: sky,, jhe runs the; roof southwards until-the- half of ,the observatory is open to the sky; Again, if he .wishes to fix his attention on a planet in the. southern sky ho ,runs the roof northwards, ' leaving'the southern heavens dear for observa tion. '? ? ';' ? - : ??[?';? ???' ? ? , ? i . By this time Mr. Biggs1 'had the 'telescope ?ready, and pointing at Beta ? Soorpii, a Very ;briUiant.doublo star , in the western , heavens. The . glimpse' -at- the large star, sparkling and brilliant with its attendant star. of a. bluer but -nff-.il 1 Vlfilinf.lflll nnlrmy* nrna rtinnaivitv in ^Ka .extreme, and a very pleasant half hour was passed in watohing it and hearing : Mr.:. Biggs's ; iremarks concerning it. The telescope was then pointed to thenorthern edge of ; the moon, and a splendid peep at its surface vine obtained. .The. mountains were clearly discernible . stand- ing out from the surface; and throwing shadows j on, the, plains, at their feet., But , a lengthy observation of old Luna wns nipped in the bud, by tho arrival of a thick .bank' of clouds ', which, obscured her., from view. An attempt was then made to have a peep at Alpha' Centaurus; the.finest 'double star in the heavens; whioh; however,' was not obtainable.' This double star is invisible to. tho astronomers in the northern, hemisphere, and therefore Mr. Biggs has made it a particular study.; and gathered a lot of —information concerning it, whioh he will forward to the, Royal Society, London, at an early date! - | The new telesoope was constructed by the celebrated optician, Mr. Browning, of London, and has an 8Jin. oleAr aperture. It is a'refloot ing telescope composed : of specula or concave refleotors aided by a refraotinf;oye:pieoe., .It i»_ to this description of instrument' that the. scientific world owes tho most wonderful astro nomioal discoveries, and the names of such men as Newton, Gregory, Hersohel, and Lord Rosse are .conrieoted with its .history. ,Mr. Biggs's new telesoope works up to ; a magni-' fying power of 800 times .^th'e 'poWor of the nakbd eye, and .hei has very delioate glasses, iwhiohi in. case of nocesiity would enable him to inorease its power very considerably, Mr... Biggs'. has hardly oom pleted the fixing of his telescope, being at pre sont engaged in marking off the degrees on two discs, the one to tell the hour, and the other the meridian, so as to enable him thereby to ; point his telesoope directly on the star he wants to find. He is also nightly eng»ged in; searching for two comets, which are daily ex ywuwu tu uiuku ijucir appearance in 'cue heavens. ,.'. A very excellent invention, whioh shows Mr. Biggs's skill and ingenuity, has been fixed to his small telesoope. It is a micrometer, which Mr. Biggs has invented for measuring the dis tance between double stars or any two bodieB whioh may appear at the same time on the field ? of, vision. -This oonsi»ts of two dark glasses,, on which lines have been drawn so as to admit the light. On one glass the lines are hori zontal, and on the other iB one vertical line. When placed behind one another they can bs bo manipalaitcd aa to throw, as it were, ' ghost stars' on to the field of vision, whioh are moved about until' they become exactly below the objects whioh are to be measured. When this jts accurately taken the micrometer is .examined, the little apertures whioh represent he 'ghost stars noted, the distance between thorn: moaaurod, a calculation made, and the: exaot distance ascertained. Mr. Biggs will shortly complete this very useful invention, when he will write an artiolo thereon, and for ward it for publication in some of the scientific journals in England. During the evening Mr. Biggs spoke in very, grateful torma of the kindness shown him by Mr. Alfred Jonas, who had allowed him to erect his observatory in such a convenient place, and who had rendered him every pos sible assistance in the erootion thereof. At 9'30 p.m. tho sky became so obscure with olouds that the representatives of the FresB had to leave the ohsorvatory, very much pleased at the peep they had had through the mest powerful telescope in tho colony. 