LATEST_ INTELLIGENCE I _(TXoarAW Fanou Oun Canamaresemr.-) MbruDmIona Mond y.Night 'Judge .Higinbothan-exprasses' in the Herald an "opinion :favourable.to' solitary w confinement, with whippings, for young Si criminals in order to keep them separate R frbin the older gaol birds. He regards our loac prison as seminaries for vice.- thl !deargs Wilson. ,who wa !formierly gne- we tenced'for iudececry'in ipying in ladies' ps private apartments at a railway station, has been fined £10.'or three months' imprison. an ment, for repeating the offence. .I Rev. J. A Dowie has, been sentenced to a week's imprisonm'ent in default of ti paying another fine for conducting illegal 31 street processions. t. The railway employds ihtend appealing 10 Parliament by petition against the decision requiring them - to .pay,,-hall fare when r 'travelling to and from work. ' o" On tho St. Kilda line ,a railway carriage cc ran off today, and the traffld was stopped.for an hour and a half. p An idea has l en ooted in military cirlea E in Sydney that there sheuld be a federal a encampment of the New South Wales and ai Victorian military forces at Albury in the oi summeor. - i One of the passengers wreekel in the s.s. b Cabhois was a son of the lateHonorable J.:-3'. Grant. ....... ..... ............. it is asid that.a honse, h nted'by the sl ghost of an"agreeable lookiing young lady, b exists in Weet'*Melhonrne. b 'The divorce petition of Edmood Alfred a Stratford against his wife has been dismissed. t1 The parties made a boy and girlo marriage, which petitioner says he does not recollect, i as he was drunk at the time. Afterwards b the respondent lived with anothermnan. The ti Court held that the petitioner had deserted his wife and delayed proceedings too long. There was a severe frost in Melbourne to day and the weather is extremely cold. Latham recovered £500 damages from Robert Scottforpermitting goodeotored with him two years ago to be sold. In the case of Carroll v. Carroll the hus band obtaineda:sdivorce from his wife o account of her misconduct with Josiah Gregory. . An application was made to-day by Gold berg, a money-lender, to attach £48, the amount of a judgment obtained years ago,1 out of proceeds of Walter's verdict against the Dainy Telegraph. Decision reserved. Midnighbt. The annual distribution of the Royal Humane. Societies awards for gallantry ie savieg or. attempting to save life took place to-night at the Town Hall, which was crowded. .The medals and certificates were presented by His Excellency the Governor, nod amongst those present were Laay Loch and family, Sir W. J. Clarke, and the Chief Secretary. Sixty-eight awards were made, vi., 1 gold, 6 silver, and 44 bronze medals, and 17 certificates. The recipient of the Clarke gold medal was Dr. M'Gregor. the adminis trator of the Government of Fiji, who saved a large number of coolies from the wreck of the stranded Syrian. Admirable speeches were delivered by the Governor, Mr. Berry, the Mayor, and Mr. Bruoce, and others, and reso lutions were adopted recognising the import ance and practical usefulness of the Royal tHumane Society, entitling it to the generous and hearty suopport of the public, and urging I the other colonies to co.operateoie carrying out the objects of the society more extensively within their respective territorieS. 