AN OLD CHUM'S EXPERIENCES OF THE EARLY DAYS. By K. P. WHITW0RTH. ''Yours must have been a strange life, take it altogether, I should say,'' said I to my old crony, Joe Pennythorne, as we sat together last Christmas Day after dinner, smoking on the verandah. The goose had been a prime one, the roast beef the best of ita kind, the plum pudding, well too rich, if anything, and the bottle of port, fit, as Thackeray aptly puts, it, for tbe gills of a bishop. Yhe young folks and- cone far a walk on the beach, for the dav was a lovely one, and the fresh sea breeze was pleasant on that hot midsummer's afternoon. My wife was indulging in forty winks, the reward; of a good dinner and a good con Bcienco, and Joe and I sat, as I have said in the verandah, shaded from the afternoon sun by a thick screen of pink flowering dolichos,: smoking our pipes, and chatting about old! times and thei many, changes we had. seen! since we'firstmet yearsTsgo on theTuron.dig-1 giugs, for Joe and I had been mates in those rough and ready days, and although circum stances! had separated us for years, had seen many ups and downs together. ' A strange life,' Baid Joe, musingly, emit ting a long whiff of smoke before he spoke. 'Wellily.es, I dare venture to say 'that a good many folks would say so, if they knew it. What would you suppose now I was when I was a youngster ?' I perpetrated the old time-worn joko of im agining he must havo been a baby in arms. ' Well, yes, I suppose I must,' he replied, ' although mind you, I wouldn't swear that, for I 'was brought up, or rather, dragged up rough, very rough.' It will be obsorved that Joe didn't know much about tho difference between advorbs and' adjectives, and as for the rules of syntax, I quesrion if he'd ever hoard of them. Still' he was a clever fellow, a genius in his self taught ;way, a.man respected and even looked up to by scientific men of far greater pretea sions as regards mere book Jearning ; no mean artist, to some extent a geometrician, an admirable modeller, a thoroughly practical chemist, and, in short, a clever and capable man, as unobtrusive aa he was clever, and as modest: as he was capable. I ha4 ventured on our long friendship to say to : him, when he had been telling mo in his unostentatious way ot some repairs he had been doing to a broken pieiq of nculpta.ro which he spoko' of as an ordinary thing, al though it was such a matter as might have puzzled many a clover artist, requiring as it did a thorough knowledge of anatomy, ' Joe, old man, I've often thought what a pity it is that you didn't receivo a thoroughly good education. Lord! what a man. you might have been to be Bure.' ' - Ho waved his pipe, blew away a oloiid of smoko and ^ littla sigh at tho same time and »i.l, 'Ah I nobody knows that better 'than mo. Why, I never was at school more tliau three weeks in my lifo, at twopence a week. 1 11 teltyou a little about myaelf if you liko ' 'I Bhould liko it of all things,' said I, and so 1 got his atory, which I foind so interest ing, and withal so marvellous, that I venture to roproduoo it. ''I was born in London about fifty-fivo yearn smoo, and tho first thing I can reooUset My father was a kind of building contractor or contractor a foreman, making first-raw wages, hardly ever loss than a pound a day, that ia Jo «ay, when ho did, or would, work, which wa* only occasionally, for, although I Bay it, bo waa a bruto, who UrankjUl bo ooulil earn and often loft ray poor mother and us ohildron without food or tire, ' ?*? !I. ''Id you, 1 uevu had but threo woeka johoohng, for before I wa* nine years of ago I had to go to work at tha buildinga, you may think how littlo I waa, wheu I (all you, that the bricklayers' labourer* used to carry me up a* high a* threo utoroy* in their hodit My father usod uaually to take my mouly, and evon at that ago I used to walk aa much a* four or livo rails* at night, through tlio mud and rain it might be, to- earn a fuw penoo thrown into lha ring by putting on tha Slaves for tho.editloatlon ot tUa blaokguard uenUaui of a low boxlnu wUoon. 'Ah I It waa a hard life, but it was either that, or ;no food maybo, at homo. Well, there waa onu good thina. it -taught mo one thing that I novor foruot, how to take my own port, and although you know I'd rather run a rallo' than tlaM a minute, it hau stood nieinox. oelltinl stead more than onoo, ? ' Wellj araonjrat knook*. and kloka, and cuff*, and hardship*, I grew up, ami waa soon oountod Bood at my trado, a plaiteror, ontil, strange to «ay. at sixteen (although I looked n»wo)lTvM rnado foreman otoi « lug* job, at (ml man'i wage*. Then It was I found out there, thh is too much, too much.. Go go I to your trollops — ' ? 'Trollops, my dear; that's hardly a .fit term ? ' . ? . ?' ' Yes, trollops ; your Katea and your Bosas, i your baggages, your vila wretches, your ? , i but no, I'll go, I'll take those precious lambs upstairs, and leave this roof,! : I'll go to my ,] moth— ota — oth— 1 Bool hool' ' 'ButMary-2— ' ' ' Don't Mary me 1; Go to your . trollops, you, you, you wretch I' ' Well, if yon wish it, and if you call |hem so, of course,' said Jack meekly, rising., ' Wha-a-at 1' she choked. ' Where are they?' ? —] ' ' They ?' replied he, interrogatively. 'Yes, they — your faonnie Kates, and your 1 pretty Bosas I' ' - ' ' As I said before,' said Jack, ' there aro bat two, and they're here.' 'Hero! Where?' ' , ' Why, here in Melbourne. I went again ' that night .arid settled the matter with ola ? ^— ^ Duff, and brought 'em down with me.' j : .»«1 ' To Melbourne 1' . ' . ret and ' Yes, to Melbourne. I couldn't well leave aodation 'em on the road, could I ?' ' ^jiableLJook- Again there -was a brief silence, -n-i twa hundred spoke Mrs. Morgan in tho dea-: '-. inolin&d; to trust despair. 'And you've bra;* 'ion know tho state of -j, doned women litre 1' ...Via after dark- in those days, i 'Women!' ... K too that if it had been thought ! ' Yes, sir. 'V bo much money on me-I should most to call..t^u'ttainly have been ? robbed and probably h^~*.'~i mnriWpri. fnr. thfi nlace was infested with gangs of ruffians from tho/'.other side,' and ' . with all tho riff-raff and gaol sweepings of : : Europe, so you may imagine that I.did nqt teel very easy in my mind. ;. However, going along Elizaboth'-atreet, I saw over a pawn broker's door a name that seemed familiar, that of Browning, and in I went. To my joy I found that the worthy pawnbroker was one who had.' lived near my father's house, . .and with whom I had iad many transactions, in which various chattels, ranging from flat irons to under-linen, figured prominently. ?' - Here the obliging pawnbroker took my money in pledge, and to a certain, extent, myseli too, for he allowed me to stop the night in a littla. j. backroom, whore lie carefully locked mt in. ' ? However, I calmly pocketed the implied sus picion, glad enough to get shelter and safety on any terms. ' . i ' ' , ' Lord I Lord 1 ' What ja pla*»- Melboenu was in those days to be sure. I sometime* half, wonder if, after all, it can be true,: if it isn't Borne kind of a wild dream I've had. The mad, mad excitement, the wealth, the . shameless vice, the crime, tbe open orgies, the restles3, reckless, unceasing stir and bustle. The red or Hue-skirted and bronzed and bearded diggers, driving at full gallop through the streets in open carriages, accompanied by , brazen and blowsy female creatures, resplen dent in gorgeous silks and velvets, and ; poisoning the air with profane ouiha, and drunken obscenity. The magnificent stores j^and shop3. cheek-by-jowl with ramshackle shanties, the crowded bars, the noisy aight auctions, the rush to a,«qairo wealth', and the greater rush to squander it. All this stamped Melbourne, the mushroom Melbourne; as a place whose like had never been seen before, and will, in all* probability, never ba ieeo again.- . ?? - i '. '.! i did not remain long in tne metropolis, for, although the very day after I had landtd, I had an offer of no less than four pounds a dij.co work at my trade— I had not! come ? half way round the world to b-sja median!' - besides which I had made ons of a pa fire of the ship's passenger* to try - tunes on the gold field*. '. t ' We thereforebough*^' 1 am of . ? fcenta, stores, and otV did think— 1 and started away f ? . :? to BaUarat, whe- Nay, can yon over ; very luoky, we i10 a ioIte' Jor * admit j to go further a1*1 0n8'i bnt— but; you - rioh fiiids, mo-?? ,a Iiltle fa:t jealous ' to the westw'' „ ' ? ' So to -3 own Jaeb don't say north-weBt1 ^ never' never, be lar 'filacs *. never!' . inovW r1' DP.' said Jack cheerily, '[ time L totholworS, 'andwi-llall - ', ' were ver*'1100' '^ y°u snaU m? now j . hiiitv nve' the handsome Bisters, i wew^re^'yKo^' , / ., | ?-iga('a3good asher word; for if ! and thai' 'bo slightest ' symptom ot i.' 'It wa4' -she -=aUba. Jaok a non- S shortly be-r. '^ Wends, ha had j the tent 3V m hcr car- sb»u wa turned in cat- t0 brinS iba 5weet ] horse ta a'l '--- Ios^ t0 he* cheek3 ' [.. .' large trees rea- i . ? J'8ht 'the wind *Ictals. ' ? ' . i ' ' ' ' temblo storm of ? ? ; lightning. It was ^Bu .» P°.™* ot : !? pests that occasionally ';'°.a?'*. Mix . i . bush, ; and. the rain, whit1*' raady ,) the heaviest I ever knew.'0: to mark : trenched round our wnt, a\'° Yo' . j warm enough until morning;'0 t^G. ' ? my turn to make up the fire, 1W' : - ? ? ...,V lately enough, at daybreak; \ rj» . I dull and gloomy enough and ?., ! worst of the rain was over, there %V^ \ ? nasty drizzle falling. '?*- . ' ' The first thing I saw on leaving tha Jei ?- was that our horse bad got away during tl ' -night, and thia was not an event oalculaud t . improve one's tempar. From what I e»uU- see as well as I could make out in lhe-*'V ? . _^-- light, ho had, probably, half frkjh^^-; £9 h«htj-i3gi.ljrai,g9a t^ \t%n ap bj ,;,„ rootei ? s and mada for the distant tiinbar. Alur a considerable expenditure of patieace,ingenuity, and grumbling, I contrived, by chopping up an entire porter case and a spare candle txx, to' got a fire alight, and setting on tho billy .j weut back to the root hola ta *-te by tha hoof ? marks which way tha horao had slr*yed. 'By this time ii was daylight, and ihtro I '?':' - saw a sight which, for tho moment, sol ray blood running cold, for than in tha h«le I saw, as thick as pluina in a pudding, ahioing out fr»m tho wet soil, nuggets and iptcx* of the precious oru w» had cams to far to *-«k. At tint I could oot believe ii. It i«uu«d too. good to be true Vet them it was aura enough. Nuggets large, and nuggeU small, train tha sizti of a pinhead to that ot a lx»n, a tiit larger than that. ' ' I said nothing, but knelt down ia tha sodden earth, and in halt an hour hail gath ered up a pannikin full from this undoubted 'jeweller's shop.' Thou, and uot till then, did I awako uiv mates. They wtire orou and ould, and didn I seem much inclined to uovo. ' I'll wuko you up preaoiUy, iu; Ud*, or I'm much uiinUktin,' thought I. -''lull rainiug yul ? ' aaid ouo. ' ' Yea.' ' '? Ah ! hilly boiling ? ' uld another. ' ' Ye*, and tho hono got away during th« night.' ? ' ? Confound the horso aud tha raiu too.' ' ' Don't confound oitlmr tha horn) or lha raia, for bath liavo dona tar ua what wa couldn't do fur uursclvu — look horn,' and with that I showed them the trauuN I bad ploked up. ; ' Jauk Payne jumped up with n boaui that ] nearly brought tha wot tent down about our oan, and tha othurs did nut wait loutf of tar him. ? »?»? ' Wo had struck a patch, and no mutakt, ** for wa could find gold, mora «r leu, in tnrj part of tho tint wheni wo triad for it. j ' You may imogina wo lost not no tiua ia ' marking oft our ground, and I was Bant a'owa to Ballorat to raouro it, and to obtain atom. (Oosiaoio on B*w Pao«.) ^ You may also Imagine that we were not long ' without company, for the news went abroad by some mysteroua and unKeoantable telo . graphy like wildfire, ondUiysss than a week there were five thousand digits on the field, and a township, with stores, hotels,. and all ' the other appurtenances ol a gold field's town ship had sprang ap in the wilderness. '?That' was the start of the Fiery Creek diggings. ' The usual state of things followed. Kowdyism, blasphemy, drunkenness, con ? tinual fights, formed the staple of the devil's game carried on f:om morning tonight. I candidly believe that the worst lot of thieves, loafers, and general riff-raff that was ever seen on any diggings was that assembled at the start of Fiery Creek. Of course there' \- were plenty of quiet, respectable, hard working men there too, and they, with- the aid of the police, and of public opinion (for \- . there was snch a thing aspublic opinion p»en there) kept; at least, a semblance of order, although the roughs tried very hard to rule \- with the right of might, j ? 'There was one great Blab-sided, power \- ful fellow, a Yankee, who with his mate, a hulking brute from the Sydney side, ; ? w*s && terror of the camp. He was an un r . mitigated bully and a thief to boot, as after events showed, 'and was never so happy as when he was picking a quarrel with some \- . .inoffensive man who was not bis match in. strength or brutality. He tried it on with ? - * roe once ; but I- hadn't sparred in the ? ; ?' ? ring alpine years old for nothing, and before '?? he well knew where he was, he was on bis .back in the creek with a gashed check, a split nose, and two broken ribs. His mate didn|t ifiakc any remarks, but got him away to their, tent very^quietly.' He was laid up for three weeks, and it was wonderful how meek he was after that. l^ 'Well, we remained on the creek lour jflg|Tm8t-Vlths altogether, and we did exceedingly ^Hk?. ' \rali. TlT'n fact, we were all rich men. Most Kg of our go. Id we had sent away by the escort, ?|R but at lasTv 'he wandering fit seized us, and ??-? we determinedTb-ir ri;art for Melbourne, and see |p a little life. We had* .-Uh us something like *: five hundred ounces of ^o«_,1''. and we knew perfectly well how. dangerous lfcl*_would be to carry it with us, and yet we wanttS?v. if we *~-— , '^ o«»,c me esuurir uubjr. Ana no*. came one of the most curious things I ever' heard or knew of, a thing which/if I didn't kntw to be true, I could hardly believe. Jack Payne, who was a carpenter by trade, took \- . thebox off the dray, and on the top of the ._. axle-bed or part of the shaft under the box, hang me if he didn't cut a groove, and in it placed the gold wrapped up in a chamois leather like a sausage, closing up the hole with a piece of wood so cleverly cut as not to . ? l . allow the joint to be seen. The wheels were then taken off 'for a blind,' as he said, and oiled, and the entire affair bolted, together again. ' ' Clever, wasn't it? Oh, yes, wonderfully \- ?- clever] But yon shall hear. We left Fiery Creek, and being a strongish party, and,: moreover, being known to be well armed, were never molested, although hardly ?la day passed without small parties, or solitary '?^travellers, being stuck up, and robbed .or mal ' treated. In due course we got to the Keilor Plains, and camped one night on the Toolern . Creek. We had finished tea, and were sitting yarning round the fire, when we were aware Of two men coming towards us. ' ' Good evening, mates,' said one of them. 11 * Good-evening.' | ''Going up or down.' ' ' Just come down, and bound for Mel bourne,' said I. ; ? -''We've just made a start from Melbourne,' fiaid the new comer, ' and intended to camp on this creek, but the wheel of our dray ;. broke down half a mile down the road, and seeing yoar fire, we came to see who- you were. .We're left our mates with the dray.' r '' Broke down are yon, that's a pity.' ''WeUyes.it is a pity. We shall have to ' .. take tho wheel back over four miles, and it's ; . the loss of time we're thinking about.' ' 'We've got a nice little dray here,' I said 7 'we don't particularly want it ; and we might make a deal if you like, for time is no parti - .cular object to us.' ' Well the long and short of it was that we did make a make a deal the next day. We ; ' '^ged draya, we receiving twenty pounds y »'od taking the broken dray; not a bad ''J$r thought, although^ ours was a ? ,-T S«?lliii)t so big as theirs had .-. ? -.plant currant cu. fa ??''? V?-sonof tho year tionth to]d ^ the spring- when, m rar any particaiar , m.thc :fall. I have Ua-lay them on to eipenoneo in propaKat.emwhere we . always rplabt my, currant^ aone weu . ' ^ . Jail as soon as the leaves take a par. . ? -will make durablo roots, twoind a spot long, the some fall, while tha^a they doomant, Tlrey .-will males ' ? .giowth the text season, if . sioured of that they will if not set till tpj to re should, be set in ground t'haround heave them 'out l-y tbe effectat last and sliouM be covered fust Wmnd a seta in with j coarse litter. Uposite 'covering early ia the q«-ing, ass. It the cuttings to see it any obse, my Leaved, and if so, pre3s Ihcraumpers, Should they heavo upnnjin; still it well prosscd down, they 'W ciaku better growth than- cnad their ; spring. In cither caso, lme, having tings should always bo ijsnoney in my Famir'i Advocate. ' - up, as they r ? ^aaps are doing we i, in'the coarse of I ? ; ? __:'i 'ac'£ Payne, jumping ? jrning white as a sheet. Her f : fatter,' said we surprised. ; ' Don't gasped, ' why don't you re '? you ?'ijjb hundred ounces we hid in ! ' MoGe--~ ? retired at one another as if we bod v- -..??--? ifely seen a ghost. Strange, almost ^,..- -^;,,'i.idible to relate, not one of as had ever : j ?.-; jjitg- ight about it until that instant. How we f, .^jiiiSS-Jd possibly have forgotton it, I know not, |V_- 'srjgJf we had. There was no mistake about '?? ^'BBtr -Vr wa' none, fiye hundred ounces, say \- i»o thoaianijp»0.'a in rounj^numbera, four hundred poandiVrne^ «na;ftt£ireAhi-igW i ' m twenty pound*, and a dray with a patched : . wheel. BecriminationwaBoutoftbtiquestion', because we were all equally to blame. There was no use in crying over fcnilled milk; so with : a regretful sigh, we wiped it off the slate . ' And now, knowing a» you do, the fctato of Victoria at that time, cornea the still more in credible part of .the story. My four mates ! (Started up Bendigo way, I preferring to remain .' in Melbourne, but being a (sleeping partner in the concern. I didn't nee tliem again for nearly . twelve monthu, and when I did they (staggered me a little. Tlicy drove down in the evening one dny.and didn'taaymuch that night about what they had been doing, al though I could not help remarking that they kept chuckling and laughing, ax if some great joke wero under way. i ' Next day wo were all up early, and Jack I'oyno tnd Bill Tiwmaj) aeked me to ntep into the yard and- look at Dm new lionw and dray. ' ' Why that,' I exclaimed, ' in no now home, surely. It'ii old Hoxer. itn't it 1 ' ' TJi« dray, altbuugh one dray ia no much like another, teemed strangely familiar, and I gaid, ' Good hcavena 1 you don't mean to «»y that, you've not the dray bock, and the—1 J ' Tlie^ brake into a bunt of laugbtor, and Bill Thomas explained in tbla wisa ; | ''Of courbfl whan we left here we'd never I no liopen of every eeci/ife either dray or ((old AMi»i and had given ft up for a bad job. We wsrn't doing much either, and had been ' knooklng about IJendigo, Kangaroo Mat, Eaglabftwk, and noon, till we got tired, flu at laut wo etartcd fer tlm Me Ivor, The ueaond -jiy after we got there, I won going to the butcher's for «oma meal, when, what uliould X We, tipped up clone to a hole, but a dray -?» that I tbOHKlit I recof/,ni»cd souielipw, althougii ?f it WM BBiotiiered up in yellow clay. Hay« I to I Jack, here, ' bothered if I don't think tliat'a ' the very dray us wo want,1 ' Non»on»e,' »»y» he. 'Nonsenuo or true neme,' eoy- J, 'I'm jlgger'J It I don't believe it Is.' ? Well,' uy- he, ' that's easily .found out. If you think so, jo op and find out who'n got it, and where thoy got it.' So I went up.pormiscons like, to the hole, and got talkin'. ' I think I'vo met- yoa afore somewhere,' says I, to one of the 'chapsT ' Was you ever stuck up at Keilor witha broken wheel 7 ' The chap he looks at ine very dry, and says he, ' Yes, wj was, and wo was directed to go to Fiery Creek. ? We went, too, and done well. I wish I could find the man as told us to go there.' ' Would you know him if yon see him,1 says I ' I would that, and shout the best in the camp for him, too, if it C03t me a fiver.' So I goes down to Jack, for you know it -was Jack and you as done all 'the talkin', and ar'sthim to step up. Soon as ever tho bloke seen him, he comes out o1 the hole, and blow'd if I didn't think he Iwas agoin' for to kiss him; be was. so glad, and liord/1 what a night we did have, to be sure. He wanted us to sling in with their party, and maybe we might, only we had an othergameon. Lor'.whotagameit was. Says Jack, says he, ' I Bee yoa've rot the same drav we sold you that day.' ' Yes,' saya.the cove, 'we was thinking aboatgettin' another; a big ger one if we could, and sellin this.' In fact, was goin' into Bendigo to advertise in tho papers to-morrow.' ' Why for the matter o' that,' stys Jack. ' We've got your old dray, that's bigger than tliis, and we might make a deal.' So the long and short of it was that the chap Been his mates, and they agreed to change badj again, we givin' them ten pound on the bargiin, and here we are with the old dray back atain, and the bag of gold never touched, nor ^uspeoted, and if that's not a stroke of good luck, I'm blessed if X know what is.'. . | ? :. ', y°* ??J'a'uriJIv imagirie that twas nota little pa™'* at the fortunate termination of ^hat ^V,^vwefions loss' for- though we were all pretty we. ? ,, , . , ... the loss of .«°°r -jndred pounds a man, through a piece ot bF -, c^ toI] getfulness, was not tt ? lated to make a man «^ , a ^ j^. seU or his mates, and alffl. ^ wassleepia all necessities and mon.£. ?*-=: ^Ul!n;e!rS.£ert«o risk formy venture, fnevei taking ?tlioiigL..'lnn*iy fl.f»uJ- In fact I may went up the cCa 'DhnreT'^as far as Adelaide say that, except one thy-d Vuu-j.nv*«J on' when we ran ashore and were wrecn«iT^3r King's Island, and were saved by the akin of our, teeth, I'vo hardly ever been out. of Mel bourne since. 'Ah well a day I .times have altered since thei old days, when money was made freely and spent as freely. In those times a man might be down in the dirt one day, and up in .the Btirrnps next. Now, when he's down he may stop down, it seems to me. ' Why, I've seen the time when I've got up thoroughly miserable in the morning because I couldn't- find an investment to put my money into, and I've been just as miserable when I've found the investment and not had the money. All's one for that. . Buthere comes the Missis to tell us tea is getting ready, my pipe's out, and I'm' getting thirsty with talking, so I propose we finish my yarn, if yarn you may call it, with a taste of this ex cellent brandy and water, a capital thing after that padding I can tell you, and a smoke in . the garden. By that time the youngsters will have: got home; and we can go inside and finish the evening.' And so we did. 