Local and General News, The Faraway, being free from small-pox, has just been thoroughly disinfected. The You Yangs steamer, at the railway wharf, was yesterday disebhargig an enormous quantity of flour in large bags. A. largeo quantity of copper ore was again landed at the railway wharf from the steamer You Yang, anl was being trucked to the Lambtou Smelting Works for reduc tion. There are so many "independent" mem bers of the Assembly that Ihe balance of power is held by them. T''o-day they are to have a meeting to cons.der the political situation. - A young man named Anton Christensen, a jeweller's assistant at Castlemaine, ac cidentally shot himself on Monday, while out sheeting hares. He died shortly after the occurrence. The late Melbourne Cup, won by Sheet Anchor, wasn worth no less a sum than £2912, of which the winner received .2412 -a riico prize, indeed, for a three minutes end a half journey. The Sydney City Ennineer has apolo gised to tbe Mayor for having " behaved in an insulting manner," as it is described, when Alderman Harris introduced a depe. tation of labourers to him. Large numbers of reaping, stripping, and winnowing machines are arriving here by the Sydney steamers almost daily, and are being forwarded by rail to the Northern districts for the coming harvest. John Messenger, of WVatervale, South Australia, had a narrow escape while wallaby shooting. The heat of the sun caused the gun, which he was carrying un capped, to explode. The charge passed through the rim of his hat. C. Walker was charged in Adelaide on Tuesday with assisting in the illegal con oealment of William Burnside in a daring voyage from Western Australia, Burnside being a convict. The magistrate deemed the evidence insufllicieot, and dismissed the case. Some person put a rail across the rail way line about five miles on the Junee side of Bomen on Tuesday night. It was discovered by the goods train rucning on it. No damage was done. A black tracker has been sent out, and tile police think they have a clue of the offender. Sir Julius Vogel has telegraphed to the Auckiland Chamber of Commerce justifying his intention to raise the North Island rail way loan of one million sterling, and to use part ot it for purposes othsr than the con struction of that line. He says it may be possible to do with half the loan. Oh I those spikes-those awful spikes stiCking up any distance over the olderpor tion of the railway wharf floor. When will "boss" here think of minding his ways? One of the wharf habitues naively re marked yesterday anent these spikes, "Oh i the boss considers them awfully handsome, and dreadully useful." They are becom ing a most intolerable nuisance. Tro police troopers on Tuesday left Blin man, near Adelaide, for M'Callum's station, to investigate a case of murder. It appears that some months since a man was murdered and buried in a claypan. The deed is supposed to have been committed by a blackfellow, the provocation, it is alleged, having been criminality on the part of the white man with the black's lubra. The fine iron ship Decapolis, which recently arrived here from Europe, was berthed alongside the railway wharf on Wednesday afternoon, and yesterday 24 huge gas retorts for the Newcastle Gas Company were landed from her, which caused considerable curiosity to many per sons at the wharf during yesterday. Ar. H. Stockdale and party, including Messra. M'Ccy, Keep, Wslks and Ellis, who left Sgdney several months ago in the steamer Port Philip, for Cambridge Gulf, returned on Wednesday, having secured the necssary count-y for stocking purposes. Messrs. Ciency and Pit, of the Victorian Squatting Company. and Mesars. Mair and Lukey, of the Cambridge Downs Pastoral Cdmpany, were alto passengers by the Hlampshire. A trial of a new steam roller and stone breatrer, imported by the Woolloongabba Divisional Board, took place on Tuesday afternoon on the road next the board offies at Woolloongabba. The trial was con- sidered on all sides to be a perfect success. From the above our readers will observe the wise and enterprising efforts of the councillors of some of the Divisional Boards, or more properly speaking, ':Road Boards" of Queensland, established by law only some four or five years. They certainly appear to know what they are about. When would the aldermen of Newcastle, one of the oldest cities of Australia, ever think of introducing such a maehine; and of all towns throughout the Australian colonies, there is no question of doubt but this one stands most in need of such an essential to. makingof good streets. But when will our city esagoates come to the knowledge of this? Our attention has been called to a serious stumbling block to the lo~ding of carts at the railway wharf, and not a day passes but growls and curses can be heard on all sides. It appears that through the instruc tions of someone, a heavy piece of timber, extending from the steps of the railway bridge to somne distance along the wharf, has been fixed down, separating the wharf from road intended for the use of carts, the raldway being on the other side of this road, thereby leavirg just sufficient space for a horse to back up at this block and load; and supposing a dozen carts were loading at the same time, a circumstance that is cons'auntly occurring, the first cait has to stand and wait till all the others are filled and gone out of the way. This is economis ing labour with a veneeane, and exempli. fies most beautifully that passage of Scrip ture-" The first shall be last, and the last first." We have, certainly, some clever people in Newcastle, to be sure. This ob. atruction, no doubt, was put where It is for the purpose of keeping the carts from going on to the wharf itself, but what; a serious loss does it entail on the business people of Newcastle; and could the authorities not get someone at a few shillings a day to watch and keep the earls from going any further than the outer edge of the wharf? We undecstand than steps are likely to be taken to represent the matter to the Govern. ment, but it is to be hoped this may be found unnecessary by the immediate re moval of this abominable and time-wasting obstruction. Everyone must have watched the keen competition in the clothing trade within the past few months, and Winn and Co. are de termined not to be behind, but rather in the front as far as value, quality, and style are concerned. It is well-known they have always given good value, but they arecde termined to give better in the future, es pecially en ilen's and Boys' Suits., Trousers, T·ousers and Yeats, Tweeds, Hats, Macin toshes, &c.;, by allowing a discount of from 2s to 5a in the £ off all these mentioned linues for cash only. They don't intend altering the present marks-which are, and always have been, plain figures-but will show the reduction to every customer at time of purchase. They are continually receiving shipments from English manufac turers, and have opened more than 50 cases and bales quite recently by the following vessels:-Australasian, Gulf of St. Vincent, Iberia, City of Manchester, Tasmania, Belgic, &c.; 1452 With regard to a paragrapeh which ap-. peared in last Monday's isuud of the 1,ranld, the Rev. Mr. Moody wvishes us to say that he is not a Congregational minister. MIr. Stead, the editor of the Pal: Mall Gasette, practically admitted before the London Courts, that he abducted the girl Armstrong for the purpose of a soensational rescue. The Chlristiall ccord, of Dunedin says: "''Newspaper people have 's chronic disliko to religious ctmtomers-and for this reason: they unally endeavour to get a pound's worth oe work done for ten shillings, on the plea that the obJoct is such a good one." A young woman went into the offce of a daily newspaper to advertise for a kitchen ma.d. She said with a sigh and a ring of her dainty hands: "Oh, I do hope we'll get one soon, for it does almost break my heart to see mnother wash dishes, with her rheu matism, too!" An old poker player remarked the other day, as he was rising from the table, after a session lasting three days and nights: " I'll be eternally hon-swaggled if I can tell whether this is yesterday, to-day, to morrow, day before to-morrow, or day after yesterday." "?What in the world are you staring at that young married couple so intently for?" asked one young lady of another in a rail road train. "Oh, exclaimed her com panion, with a start and a sigh, "It's so natural for us girls to contemplate matri mony, you know." One sultry Sunday a minister noticed many of lhis congregation nodding. He wakened them by saying, "I saw an ad vertisement last week for 500 sleepers for a railway. I think I could supply at least 50, and recommend them as good and sound," Grandpapa (trying to be severe) -*' Now, Mabel, tell me why you didn't put that shilling I gave you into the plate at Church this morning? I like to see a littlegirl give cheerfully, and not 'let her right hand know what her left hand doeth.' Incorri gible grandaughter (who is sav-ing her money for candy)-" That's just the trouble, grandpa. My righthand thought my left was putting it in, and my left hand thought my right was, so between the two of thtm it didn't get in at all." Last nightinElgin-street (says a Single ten paper), as the fire.engine was running at full speed, a white figure suddenly op poared on the pavement, and the propelling power of the engine shi-d, thinking it was a ghost. It turned out only to be a gentle man, who had in his excitement come out withouet adding to his scanty night apparel. The exclamation of the propelling power was, " What fanny things we see when we haven't got a gun!" At the Sydney Marise Board meetinglon Tuesday, there were present Captains tix son (president), Robertson, Jenkins, and Moodie, and Commander.Lindeman (secre tary). A chrrge of drunkenness, pr.ferred acainst the mate of a sailing vessel by soime of the creew, wos to have been invesPtigated, but when the lcase was called on only one of the witnesses who signed the charge ap. pea ed, and he refused to give evidence which would he unsupported. Under these circumstancs~, the Boa d hadno ali ernative but to dismiss the case. A serious accident happened on Saturday evening to a child named Noeland, whose parents are engaged on.the railway line at Dubto (says the Diopaftcl), It appears that the child was engaged signalling a train through the Pine D)am gates, when tbhe cylinder of the engind struck it on the head; knocked it down, rendering it insen sible. 0fDr. Rygsate was telegraphed to be in readineso,, and the child was sent- into Wellington by the same train. The case is considered hopeless. A strange custom in the Valois, Switzer land, is to make a cheese when a child is: born, which is left untouched during his lifetime, and'is often cut into the first time at his funeral feast. A rich man stores up wine as well as cheese for his own funeral, and when that event takesplace a goblet of this "dead wine," as it is called, is placed on the coffin, the. mourners arproach, take the goblet in their hands, touch thecotlin with it,. and drink the contents to a future meeting with their departed friend. Jamss Harvey was charged the other day at Bathurst by S C. Morris with being of unsqund mind. The defendant brought a letiter to the court house stating that he wes suffering frbm delusions. He an nounced that he had just niahde .100,000, and would make another million or so on Monday. It was evident defendant's mind was unhinged about having a sentence of six months in goal some time since. Mr. Hutchinson, J.P., remanded him for seven days for medical attendance. A private pienic, o ganised by a number of Mlaitland young gentlemen, was .held at Mr. Corner's paddock, Paterson. on Mon day, the company being conveyed thither in Mr. Watson's omnibuses. Prior to leaving on the return journey Mr. J. Nood, on be half of the picnic party, presented Mr. Zimmerman, onie of the ,drivers, with a handsome four-in-hand whip, as a mark of their appreciation of his uniform courtesy and his careful driving on all occasions on which he had been engaged. Mr. Zim. merman made suitable acknowledgement of the gift. An accident of an exceedinsly unpleasant character (vays the MUerc!ry) happened to Jes.e Weston, son of,M·r. James Weston, West Maitland, on Monday afternoon. He was exercising himnself on a bicycle in Parallel-street, when.the machine came in contact with a st'one, and the rider, who had his attention directed to some other object, was jerked "off the front of the b cycle, and came ivith great [force to thd ground, fracturing one arm between the elbow ard wrist. He was also very much cut about the face. Theyouth waa assisted to his parents' house, and there seen by Drs. Morson and B'ackwell, who reduced the fracture. A little scene took plaece between Mr. Lyons, the solicitor, and Detct.ive Lovie, at the City Court the other day, over a masesman's case (says the Melbourne Herald). Mr. Lyons hinted at some man having lost three sovereigns in the watch-. house. Lovie fired up, claiming the protec. tion of the bench, against such an insinus. tion, which he took ro be directed at him. He dclared that his character was as good as Mr. Lyons', and his "forefathers'" characters better. Mr. Lyons retorted that a good many insinuations were.dropped about him, not only by witnesses but by benches. As soon as he found anybody " worth powder and shot" hbe would make them wince, but he would not trouble himn self over a constable. The high-level bridge has been in a de ploraable condition for the want of a few new boards for some considerable, time, and the authorities have at Ilst seen the necessity of having it repaired, before some of the boards fall through, and cause a broken leg, or some other injury, whibh would culminate in an action for damngeo. Yesterday some of the delapidated boards were being taken up, and new wood put down. Whilst the men aroabout the work it would be as well I;to have the whole of the bridge newly boarded. If this is not done they will have t.o be employed there again very soon, as the wood, on sccount of the heavy passenger traffic, is becoming rotten, and in several places is very thin and liable to cave in. Why act have the work,~ one substantially while, they are abobb it. Thereo is no cnlculating what the heman frame can bear, fortified by the celebrated WOL?r'z's cflsAorrs, Three stowaways were arrested on boaer" the Tarawera, from tydney, on its last arrival at Auckland. The friends of one paid his passage money to procure his release. A liemiuder.-Old lady-" Now, porter, you're quite sure you put all my luggagein? -thl big portmantle and-" Porter--"' All right, mum."-Old lady-" And you're cer tain I've not left anything behind i" Poeter -"No, mum, not even a copper." Mary Anne Quart is seing for a divorce. from John Quart, in Oakland. She says he is addicted to intoxicating liquors, and drinks; at least this seems to be the p'int, that Quart will probably lose his gal-on. P'ass this on to some other hogslhead. Amachine for cleaning carpets without be.ting them is a recent invention. What suffering man and womnan need is a machine that will clean a house without tkiog up the carpers. When such a contrivance is in troduced, 75 per cent. less sale profanity will shoot through the startled atmosphere each spring and fall. " Ilollie, I wish you would he a better little girl," said a fond father to his little daughter; "you have no idea tow sorry I am that mamma has to scold you always! " Don't worry about it, papa," was the reply of the hittle angel; "I am not one of those sensitive children. Half the time I don't hcar what shb says." " Is the lady of the house in ?" he asked, as he stood on the steps of a residence in Cass avenue, the other morning. "W hich lady of do house ?" asked the girl who answered the ring. " Why, are there two 7" " Sartin, sah. If you want do white lady, she hm out. If you has bizness wid de cull'd lady, purceed to develop." A letter was read at the Auckland Harbour Board meeting recently from Messrs. J. Nathan and Co., agents, announcing that the Shaw, Savill, and Albion Company's steamers would not make Auckland in future a port of call till provided with suitable depth of water at the wharf, as the steamers draw 26 feet when loaded and coaled. A gentleman observed to Dr. Johnson that there were fewer vagrant poor in Scot land than in England, and as proof of it said there was no instance of a beggar dying iu the streets there. ' I believe you are very right, sir," says Johnson, " but that does not arise from want of vagrants, but the impossibility of starving a Scotchman.'" Lord Cockburn, the proprietor of Bonaly, was sitting on the hillside with a shepherd, and, observing the sheop reposing in the coldest situation, he said to him, "John, if I were a sheep I would lie on the other side of the iill." I'he shepherd answered, "Ah, my Lord, but if ye h ,d been a sheep ye would hae had mair sense !" AFrenchman who had purchased a coun try seat was complaining of the want of bilds in his gatdoe. '" Set som" traps," re plied an old officer, "and they'll come. I was once in Aftica, and there wasn't sup posEd to be a woman within 200 miles. I hung a pair of earrings and a bracelet upon a tree, and the next morning 1 found two women under the btanches." As witty as well as a soft answer will sometimes turn away wrath. Charles Burlih, the Abol:tiouist, in the midst of an anti-slavery speech, was struckl by a rotten egg fall in the face. Pausing to wipe away the contents of the missile, he said calmly, "I have always contorded that pro-slavery arguments were very unsound." The crowd roared, and he was nolonger m3a!estdd. i An elderly lady and her son, aged nine years, sought admission to a show some whore out West, "I want," said the old lady, " a whole ticket for myself and half ticket for the boy." " Want a half ticket for the boy, she.?" said the man; well, I reckon you'll take a whole ticket."' ". But he's only nine years old." ".Don't matter, he must have a whol. ticket." " But he's only got one eye." "That's just it, takes himtwice as long to see the show." Said Herman Glass, a grasping Galveston landlerd, to Tom Scantling, one of his tenants: ' I want you to pay up your rent right oil." "I haven't got any money. "lnut you have got to pay it, anyhow." "Now, yenou look here; if you keep on dun hing me for that rent, when I've not got a cent, do you know what'l'll do? Idon't like to do it, but.you'll goad me to it." ".What'will' you do?" "I'11 buy me a house for caih, and put a iatop to this paying rent bythe month." . "Well, good-bye. Look here ! come and dine with me to-morrow?" "Oh, thanks, very..much, but I've got to give a lecture to-morrow." " Well, say Wednes day? ?" '" Oh, I can't.come on Wednesday -I have to go down to Birmingham." "Thirsday,; then ?" "Thursday I've 'pro mised to attend a lecture of the Sunday Society."'' "Very well. Friday?" "Fri day? Ah; yes; Ithink I can manage-oh, no, though ' I'm going to be married on Friday--of course." It seems to be the ambition of all young wives to look well when any one calls. A. young bride heard a ring at the front door. The maid was out, and she ru- hed upstairs to "tidy" a little before admitting the. caller. There was a moment of lighlning wmrk before the dressing table. Quicker than it takes to tell it, a ribbon was fastened to her throat, a flash of powder on her face, and she was at the door-all smiles and blushes. The " gentleman" said he had the] cheapest clothes-props that could be bought for money. A young woman named Clara Gelven, about 22 years of years, died at the Bathurst Hospital on Sunday night (says the B2athlust Indpelndant,) from an accident re ceived on the previous Friday. The deceased had on one or teo occasions been a confines in a lunatic asylum, and some twelve months ago was allowed to return to her friends "on leave." It appears that on Friday there had been altercations witlh the deceased and other members of her family. In the ovening rshe was observed to go to the well, raise the lid, and according to .the statement of a child named Elizabeth Band, slid down. An alarm was given, and a man named J. Thomas, went down the well (81 feet) and goet the woman us. There was about three feet of water in tie well, but it was deeply stained with blood. I3oth legs of deceased were broken, besides several bones. The woman was removed to the hospital, and died there on Sunday.. No notice of the death was sent to the police, and the body was allowed to be re moved to her late residence. Some serious rumours having come to the knowledge of the police a magisterial enquiry was deemed expedient and appointed to be held at Paton's Hotel at 2.20 to-day (Tuesday). 