[CONTINUED FROM WEDNESDAY'S SUPPLEMENT.] JACOBI'S WIFE. BY ADELINE SERGEANT. AUTHOR OF 14 HER WORK IN LIFE," <l BEYOND RECALL : A. STORY OF THE EGYPTIAN .VVAJt," ETC., ETC. [ALL EIGHTS . RESERVED.] CHAPTER XXXT.V.-JACODI'S POSITION-. " What do I care after all, whether she is found or not ?" said Constantino Jacobi to himself, savagely biting at the end of his dear and then throwing it far away over the para pet of the Thames Embankment, as a sort of relief to his feelings. The scowl that ho wore upon his handsome face was anything but pleasant. The cold east wind had given him a shrivelled, pinched appearance, in spite of the richly furred, warmly lined overcoat which he affected in winter, or during the chilly breezes of early spring. Ho was suffering too from bodily fatigue ; for he had been busy upon errands for Sir Wilfred and one or two on his own ac count all the previous day and for part of the present one ; and he did not relish fatigue or exertion of any kind unless it was undergone for the furtherance of his own purposes. On this occasionhe had chiefly been doingSirWil fred's work; and hisnerves >vere exasperated at the lessening of his nightly dose of opium ; for lie had been staying for a couple of days in Gilbert's house, where he did not think it advisable to procure for himself too deep a sleep by artificial means. His night's rest had therefore been much broken; and his eyes had the jaded look of one who needs a refreshing slumber. But it was not want of sleep entirely that gave him so worn an appearance, nor even the chilliness produced by a strong east wind. He was absorbed in the consideration of facts which gave him real cause for anxiety. He had just seen Messrs. Pengelly and Morris, Sir Wilfred's solicitors, on the subject of Clarice's disappearance with Mrs. Danvers. They had not received Mr. Jacobi very warmly. Old Mr. Pengelly, the head of the firm, had strongly urged upon Sir Wilfred the propriety of waiting until Clarice was of age before pressing her marriage *; and, after the interrupted wedding, had been foremost in expressing h;s opinion that Jacobi ought to j be turned out of the house at once. He, at least, believed all the charges that were brought against Jacobi, and offended Sir Wil fred very deeply by saying so. But Mr. Pengelly had acted so long for the Vanborough family, and knew so many of their secrets, that the impending quarrel was, by some timely means, averted; and the old lawyer devoted himself to the search for the missing girl as if she had been his own child. "How is Captain -Vanborough J" he had asked of Jacobi, rather abruptly, at the close of the interview. ' "No better." "Ah. Not spoken yet V "No." " Lucky for you, that accident, was it not, Mr. Jacobi ?" " I do not understand you," said Jacobi, with lowering brows and a snarl like that of a dog preparing to bite. 1 "Don't you?" Mr. Pengelly was always very curt with Sir Wilfred's secretary. " Well, I suppose he would have had you prosecuted, wouldn't he ? Mr. Tremaine's story is that Geoffrey could give evidence against you, although his own would have 110 legal value." " Geoffrey Vanborough could not prove aiything against nie . with respect to the marriage," said Jacobi, sullenly. "There is nothing to prove. Of course, he could swear away my character if he chose." "Little enough to swear away," said the 1 nvyer to himself, as he watched the change of hate, and fear, and rage flit like lurid shadows over the Spaniard's swarthy face and fathomless dark eyes. "But more than you can afford to lose, no doubt." Then aloud " I suppose that when he recovers he will bring forward his evidence ?" " I don't know." "There is no other evidence against y°ar . , " . " There is none anywhere." " Oh. But I am informed that Mr. Tre maine is only waiting for the arrival of a friend from America who is in possession of certain awkward facts " The lawyer stopped. Jacobi had uttered a terrible oath, the like of which 1-id seldom been heard in the respectable offices of Messrs. Pengelly and Morris. "My dear'Sir," said Mr. Pengelly, putting up his hand reprovingly, " you must not you must not. If any of my clerks were to ]lear !-J assure you, 1 should feel that my own character was at stake." For answer Jacobi looked him in the face and swore again, though not so loudly as be fore. " What the devil do I care for your clerks or your character V he said. Mr. Pengelly touched a bell at his right hand. " Good morning, Mr. Jacobi," he said, coolly. " I will ask Sir Wilfred to send me another messenger next time." " Show this gentleman out," he added, to the clerk who appeared. "One minute," said Jacobi, recovering himself. "I spoke hastily. I apologise. You should make some allowance for a man in my painful position, Mr. Pengelly." The clerk withdrew, in obedience to a sign from his master, and Mr. Pengelly acknow ledged the apology with a stiff bend of the head. '. I am willing to hear anything of impor tance that you may have to tell me, Mr. Jacobi," he" said drily. "But I am not willing to be sworn at in my own office." "I lost my temper," said Jacobi, in a conciliatory tone. " I forgot " " That you were not in South America," said the lawyer, finisliiug the sentence so sharply that Jacobi felt compelled to abandon his conclusion and to force a smile. " What else have you to say, Mr. Jacobi ?" " I want to know whether, in the event of Miss Vanborough's return, there would be any legal obstacle to my marriage with lier, supposing, of course, that nobody openly disputes it 1" "Supposing nobody disputes it? But somebody lias disputed it ! Sir Wilfred can never allow the marriage to proceed without sifting the evidence of your first wife's existence, which Capt. Vanborough or Mr, Tremaine, or Mr. Tremaine's friend from South America, may be able to bring for ward." " There is no evidence for them to bring." " So much the better for you," said Mr. Pengelly, standing up as a sign that the interview was at an end. "In that case, Mr. Jacobi, when it is shown that there is no such evidence, you will bo at liberty to marry Miss Vanborough (if she is found) whenever she consents to let you. You know what English law is on the subject of bigamy, I suppose ?" There seems no chance of prov ing the thing one way or the other,' said Jaeobi, ignoring the question, and tak ing up his hat with a worn and weary expression which did not escape the slirowd old lawyer's notice. " Even when she is found, am I to be kept waiting until these men have concocted their story and found some woman willing to swear that she is mj' wife ?-although I saw my wife drowned before my very eyes. It is not fair to me." "You ought to know Geoffrey Vanborough and Nigel Tremaine better than to speak of their concocting a story against you," said Mr. Pengelly, gravely. " On the production of the evidence - whatever it may be Sir Wilfred must decido whether the matter should be suffered to drop, whether it should go into court, or whether you should be allowed to marry his daughter. His present conduct shows great trust in you, and I think -I really do think - that under the circumstances you might well be satisfiod. _ "I must bo satisfied, I suppose," Jacobi muttered, bitterly, as he took his leave. The old lawyer stood musing in front of the fire witlj his hands behind him, for eomp minutes after Jacobi's departure. "How much truth is there in his story, I wonder !" he said to himself. " What is one to believe 1 I wish Sir Wilfred were a little less of a fool. As for Gilbert, I think this niau Jacobi must have got hold of some handle against him, for the poor lad turns as white as' a ghost if one but mentions Jacobi's name. A weak set those Vanboroughs ; poor Geoffrey a3 weak as. any of them, but a finer fellow than Gilbert by far, for all that. As for Clarice, I expect we shall see no more of her until she has come of age ; though, if we do," he wont on, while the half smile that had irradiated his wrinkled countenance liko a gleam of sunshine, gave place to a wintry gloom of melancholy foreboding ; "if we do, it w ill be either in a madhouse or a frr;ive. Poor child : poor child 1" ° He finished by a sigh and a shake . of the head as he returned to his desk. There was a mystery surrounding the fate of Clarice Vanborough, and Mr. Pengelly did not like mysteries. This conversation sent Jacobi away, in an extremely dissatisfied state of mind. He was bound for Charnwood later in the day ; but he had an hour to spare, and employed it in a walk upon the Embankment. The day was fine, though cold ; the trees were bursting into leaf ; the river glittered ; the stone steps and balustrades gleamed almost white in the brilliant spring sunshine. Jacobi plunged his hands into his pockets, and bent his head low to escape the cutting wind as he paced alone: the river sidu° absorbed in following outa train of thought that had lately given him some trouble. For «i year and a half he had had a comfortable home. He had saved money out of the liberal salary that Sir Wilfred had given him and the sums that he had at various times extorted from Gilbert. He had hoped to constitute himself Sir Wilfred's son-in-law before Geoffrey or Nigel could hear of the projected marriage. He had meant to depart, immediately after the wedding, to some safe corner of the world, out of the reach of two men whom ho had injured ; there to spend the fortune that would accrue to him through Clarice, and to revel in every kind of pleasure suggested by the claims of a thoroughly sensuous and sensual nature. Life in a hot climate, with complete indolence, and luxury in every shape and form-these were the conditions that he had always vainly coveted-the gifts that fortune had hitherto persistently denied. They had seemed to be just within his reach, i Were they now to vanish from his grasp like the food and drink that ever eluded the tortured lips ofafabled demi-god 1 Hotanger and bitter mortification raged within him^at the thought. He reviewed his position. He firmly believed that his wife was dead. He did not think that with their utmost efforts Geoffrey and Nigel conld provo that Madalona had not been drowned seven years ago. He fancied that they had been deluded by some South American Pepita or Juana, who had thought to gain something by palming herself off upon them as Jacobi's wedded wife ; and in his sleeve ho laughed at them for their credulity. But he did believe that when Geoffrey regained his senses he might prove a«ai ist him the attempt to rob and murder Nigel Tremaine that had caused the expulsion from the camp upon the Pampas. The witness from South America might be Luke Darenth, Carson, or Hiram Gregg. Even the fact-the small fact, as it seemed to him-that he had stolen, would destroy his credit once and for all with Sir Wilfred Vanborough. Geoffrey's accident was indeed a fortunate circumstance for Jacobi. It gave him a long space of time in which to mature his plans. Nigel Tremaine could evidently prove noth ing against him without the help of other witnesses; it was Geoffrey who might at once have identified him as the man who had been " staked out" for the paltry theft of Nigel's pocket book and watch. As long as Geoffrey lay insensible, as long as Geoffrey was well out of tho way, so long might Constantine Jacobi enjoy comparative security. If ho could but have married Clarice, and left the country before the bursting of the storm 1 Should lie throw up the game and go back to South America with his savings ? He had enough to live upon; ho might extort more from Gilbert; should he content himself with | this, and leave tho Vanborouchs and the | Tremaines to settle their affairs amongst themselves ? No, not j'et. The passion of revenge was strong in him. He had a grudge against Geoffrey. Was there no way in which to make him suffer yet ? If Geoffrey were out of the way Jacobi himself would be safe. The thought re curred to him again and again with frightful persistence. He put it away from, him for the present. It needed lengthy and serious consideration. He had a grudge against Nigel too. Well, if Jacobi married Claries his debt of malice to Nigel Tremaine would be well paid. He knew nothing that would bo likely to wound Nigel more. But Clarice was gone, and he was con vincd that Tremaine was acquainted with her place of concealment. There rose up once more the haunting image that had disturbed him through all the opium-begot ten, half-delirious dreams and visions of tho past few nights- the lovely, yet mournful face of Clarice Vanborough, white as snow, with the purple shadow of pain and weariness upon her half-closed eye lids, and her dark hair lying liko a shadow above her blue-veined forehead-more like the face of a dead than a living woman as it had looked ©f late.. At first he had mocked at the girl for her fear of him ; he had delighted in seeing her tremble in his presence, and had not scrupled at using any means in Ilia power for terrify ing or exasperating her. He had grown to take a savage pleasure in the bursts of passion into which she was sometimes goaded when repelling his advances; if he had admired her statuesque beauty in her colder moods, he found that tho colour and fire given to her face and eyes by her short-lived fits of anger rendered thorn far morn fascinating. When her tempests of indignant fury had died away it was his delight to see her humiliated and tongue-tied in her father's presence and his own. After a time her unconquerable aversion to him began to cause him somo vexation. He had expected, with his characteristic mis understanding of a woman's nature, that when he had induced Sir Wilfred to give herdresses, shawls, jewels sufficient of every kind, she would end by showing some feminine interest in her new ornaments even, perhaps, by evincing some gratitude to him. This hope was finally destroyed when Clarice threw her emeralds in his face. Then he went through another phase of feeling. He hated the girl-he was resolved to make her suffer. He would punish her for her scorn and contumacy ; she should rue the day when she had insulted him, and thrown back the gifts ho brought her with contempt. He did not know how much of this feeling he discovered to her when he spoke under the influence of opium ; but for the timo it was almost - maddening in its in tensity, and made tho enforced delay of the period when ho had promised himself to punish her a time of groat irritation and dis appointment to him, succeeded only towards its close by a sullen resolution to make her his own in spite of every obstacle. Upon the wedding day he was thinking moro of Clirice herself than of the wealth which had once constituted to him her chief attraction. Then the blow that was even greater than that given by the interruption of the wedding fell upon him in all its force. She disappeared, suddenly and swiftly from his ken, and left no trace behind. Those who knew the man best had thought that he was too degraded, too base in character and motivo, to give a thought to any quality in Clarice Vanborough but her beauty, to any of her possessions but her wealth. They were mistaken. The girl's culture and refinement, her faithfulness to the man she loved, her uprightness, her purity, all had had an effect upon Ins mind. Ho might glory in putting his jewel to vile uses, but he knew the value of the jewel for all that. It was only Madame Vallor who, with her keen insight into his mind, began to divine what was passing there, A look or wor4 from Wm showjj her the danger. Steadily, unflinchingly, she l\ad set herself to combat it iu her own way. She separated them completely. The constant use of opium was acting strangely upon his nerves and spirits, in con junction with the strain of anxiety respect ing his future prospects. _ His dreams were successions c£ frightful night mares, during which he was constantly pursued by the face of Clarice Vanborough; and of late, by two other faces, which, as far as he knew, were reposing under the billows of the stormy Atlantic-the faces of his wife and child. He had scarcely thought of his wife for years. He would have said a few months before that he could not recall a feature of the dark eyed baby whom ho had refused to save ; yet now, during the silent watches of the niglit, it floated up before him through the mist of bygone years, a sweet, pathetic little face, with the hue of death upon its childish fea tures. Then Madalena's dark eye3 would look at hi'ii reproachfully ; then followed the vision of Clarice's vacant and wandering gaze, of Clarice's stricken lips and listless form. When lie lay down to sleep, he fell into the habit of wondering which of the three was going to haunt him through his dreams that night. Ho could not understand liis own state of mind. He could not understand why Clarice's face should be as present to him as it was. He was sure that lie hated her with all the force of which he was capable, and yet he was consumed by the oi<e over-mastering, passionate desire to see those sorrowful eyes of hers once more, to hold that slender hand in his, to call that white, fragile, delicate creature, at whose weakness he had jeered, over whose prido he had sought in vain to triumph, his own in face of all the world, and though all the world forbade. He was not used to the analysis of feeling. He had not given a name to the subtle attrac tion which Clarice exercised over him. If he called it anything he called it hate; but it was perilously like something that was not hate at all, but love. It was the persistency of his dreams that had caused hiin almost to discontinue the use of opium for a time. But the physical suffer ing that this abstinence entailed was growing to bo more than he could bear. He knew that on the coming night he would sooner incur the chance of frightful visions than hours of sleepless, nervous pain. He had seen a physician on the previous day, and the physician had prescribed for him, but told him that a gradual cessation of his prac tice of taking opium was the only thing that could really quiet his overstruug nerves and excited brain. Jacobi had promised to fol low the doctor's advice, but know, as he walked upon the Embankment in the teeth of a cutting wind, that he should break his promise on the first opportunity. He roused himself at last from his medita tions with a new light in his eyes. A fresh idea had struck him. As he hailed a hansom and drove to the railway station, as he seated himself in a corner of the railway carriage and looked absently at the passing rows of chimneys, of winding streets, of country Holds and lanes through which the train was speeding on its way northward, Jacobi was pondering whether his new idea could or could not be turned to good account as a means of compelling Nigel Tremaiue and the Vanboroughs to reveal the hiding-place of Clarice. Nigel could do so if he would ; of that lie was sure ; and he believed that Gil bert and Sir Wilfred were not so ignorant as they professed to be. On his arrival at Charnwood Manor lie made certain arrangements for the further consideration of his idea. He talked of busi ness matters until Sir Wilfred grew weary and retired to his own room. Then Jacobi sought out a bunch of keys which had already done good service, and locked himself into Sir Wilfred's study. He opened the desk, where the baronets most private papers were always kept. The opportunity was a good one foi running his eye over various documents, .the contents of which Sir Wilfred was a little chary of re vealing. , Jacobi glanced with a smile at a Last Will and Testament," in which he had an interest, and at various papers relating to settlements, leases, and charters. Then lie touched the spriug of a secret drawer, which he had not opened for several weeks, and took out a large blue envelope. With another elongation of his lips-half smile, half sneer-lie read the inscription upon the envelope. " Papers relative to the cause of Geoffrey Vanborough's departure from England in the year 1877." Should he publish these papers to the world or not 1 He might threaten to do so, at any rate. And yet it would be dangerous to abstract them from Sir Wilfred s desk without his permission ; but Jacobi thought that he could gain that permission. At pre sent he would but look and see whether, in the papers kept in that secret drawer (the letter from the secretary of the hospital, a copy of Sir Wilfred's reply, a memorandum of some of the facta of tho case, and the forged receipt for fifty pounds that had never been received by the persons to whom it \s as sent), there was evidence enough to convict either Geoffrey or Gilbert Vanborough. He opened the envelope and drew out a folded paper. Had there been only one when last he looked inside that drawer ? Hastily he unfolded the solitary sheet. An exclamation escaped his lips; an expression of utter dis may and perplexity crossed his face as the paper dropped from his fingers and fluttered tj the floor. For all that the blue envelope now contained was a sheet of blank 'paper. (To be continued.) 