SHORT TALK WITH THE BOYS. By M. Quad. " Does it hurt a boy to read novels ?" Take a clean sponge and dip it into a running gutter, and what is the result ? The sponge can be cleaned and purified again, but only after much labor. The human mind, my lad, is a sponge, and it soaks up the good, bad, and indifferent with the same relish. The great trouble with novels is the false ideas and vicious theories. It is the same with all serial stories in the so- called boys' papers, and it is so to a certain extent in many of the boy books. In the first place the boy, no matter what his age, is always made to perform feats of valour which common sense teaches you is impossible. He never acts not talks like a boy. His adventures as a hunter, detective, or runaway, are too improbable. Nevertheless, as you read you find yourself half believing, at least, and the next thing is to wonder why you can't be a hero. The story makes you dissatisfied with school and home and family government, and the first thought is to run away or plan some adventure. Even if you say to yourself that you won't believe a word of the story, the mind will still soak up many of the false theories and absurd ideas, and later on in years it may cost you something to get rid of them. If a stranger should tell you that, as he was passing over a certain bridge spanning a creek, he saw a gold watch lying in the water, but was in too great a hurry to stop, you would probably believe the story. If you had positive proof that the man was a brazen liar you would still find yourself wondering how deep the water was, who lost the watch, and whether any one had secured it. Your common sense teils you there are no such beings as ghosts, but you have, read and heard of them, and have probably expected to feel them clutching at your throat. A story which is put forth for a boy to read should, although it may be purely fiction, contain nothing exaggerated or im- probable. The hero may be brave, without overdoing the thing. You may find in the papers almost any day instances where boys have displayed great heroism at fires, or have risked their lives to save others. These things are possible and probable, but this making a boy drive off a band of Indians, or break up a gang of robbers, or capture a ship-load of pirates, is against common sense. Let me instance some other evils. In a book recently pub- lished by a very respectable Eastern house, and having for its author a person with a " Rev." before his name, he tells about a sailor falling down the " middle companion way." He meant hatchway, but some day some one of his boy readers will say something about the " middle companionway " and find him- self the butt of ridicule. The same author speaks of a sailor in his hammock. Hammocks are never used aboard of mer- chant vessels, but the men have berths. He has the crew gather around the man at the wheel to sing and smoke and yarn it, when every boy who ever heard of discipline aboard ship knows that no sailor is permitted aft unless called there by strict duty. In another book, put forth by an equally respectable house, the length of the Mississippi River is wrongly given. Arkansas is put on the wrong side of that river, and the distance from Vicksburgh to Baton Rouge is not correct by 30 miles. Such instances as I have related befog a boy's mind, and lead him into error, and he had better have spent his time in playing marbles. Let me ask you how much better off you would be to sit down in a grocery for three hours each evening and listen to some man telling lies, knowing all the time they were lies. Would that improve your mind ? Many of the novels are no more improving than such grocery tales. Now let me ask you what makes an intelligent, well-posted man? School education, to begin with. If we learned nothing after we left school the world would slip backwards. His mind goes on, day after day, week after week, picking up scraps of history, politics, travel, botany, astronomy, and so forth, and by and by he is a human encyclopaedia. He may read love stories and adventures all his days and be no better off. Indeed, he will be far worse off. " Well, what shall a boy read ?" There are one or two boy papers of good moral tone. The heroes are riot exaggerated, and the adventures are not im- probable. If the story is of mining, the author gives some valuable information in regard to minerals and how to mine. If it is of hunting you are taught how to make snares and traps, and are given the principles of taxidermy. If it is of boating you are taught the principles of sailing and rowing, If it is of the sea, you are given the correct names of ropes, and yards, and sails, and the habits and traits of the people of other countries are correctly stated. There are a few boy books which are true to every-day life. Read these, and if you have further time take history, or some- thing else which is certain to return some benefit— a daily paper— with its news from every foreign country — its home happenings — its discussions of all matters of interest — its incidents and accidents is geography, history, grammar, and orthography combined. Think of these things, my boy. If you were going to be a boy for ever the case would be different. No one would ex- pect anything great of you. But, as the years roll on, you have got to pick up the colleges, and factories, and railroads, and general business of the world and keep them moving. Will such trash as " Buffalo Bill's Last Shot," or " The Demon of the Gulch," aid in fitting you to carry out the trusts which will be turned over by and by ? Your excuse that you read them to pass away time is a poor one. You have no right to throw away an hour's time to the detriment of your future. Detroit Free Press. Hop Bitters gives good digestion, active liver, good circu- lation, and buoyant spirits. Get only the genuine American Co.'s. Read. 