TALES AND SKETCH E3. A Myaterlous Murder. . Somewhoro in tho North Riding, of Yorkehiro is Barkliurst Minor, i the nnciqn't residence of tho. family of VanBtono. . ,Darkhurst baa belonged to tho Vnnstonos from titno immemorial ; |/utra ui. biiu uiu uuuao my nuynu vy dato. from: tlfcr. early . Nocmnh -poriod ; tlicro is a cbnpel on (bo promisos vrborcin aro laid, tbo . bonos of gonorntioiid of Vanstoncs, and for miles rdnnd the bead of tbo houses is' looked npoaJ as'a sort of potty kirigl .Bio family -has novcr enjoyed a. Tory good ropotation for tho humbler virtnos'.- ';Tb'o' Vanstones;- as a> rulo did -not caro mticb alraut festiocta-, bility. TBi mon waro gotiorally soldiers,' soilors, or aimless -wanderers on tho faco of tho earth, and tho womon. wcro frcqnontly tho hcroinos of scandals in high lire nn& auiscs.cclebres. No Van- stone ovor turnoil priest or lawyer. - Tbo old. houso itself soonicd to suit tho tone of its proprietors/ .It was a grim, for bidding looking pilo' of irregular bnild- ings,-witli a gloomy-lako in front, and n mass, of thick treos. on ; either sido: In the still, formal, garden thoro was a mausoleum', and. .0110 or two railed ioff plots, -euppoeed to bo tho tombs 'of long forgotten ancestors. Thoro wss. hot anothor houso of any ' description within moro than a milb of 'Darkhurst,'and on oho sido a wild stfofch of moorland capio up within a yyiple of . hundrod yards', of tho grounds. - " ' - ' , '' i „ ' ''Needless', to say,:, Da'rkiiursti; was haunted by a -moro than tho. ordinary, allbwanco of family ghosts. There was 0 whito lady, and a gontleman who habitually' carried his.hcad in his hands"; thoro was a blood stain.: on -floor of a musty nttio,:nnd a sort of banshoo in tho kitchon garden. THo' Vanstpnca tlicm- sclves had long since beebmo inured to ghostly visitants and supernatural mani festations, and nervous servants wero promptly discharged with a month's wages and scant sympathy. Whan Owen VanBtono sncccedod to tho family proporty by tho unexpected death of an cldo'r brothor no ono had tho faintest idea in what -part of tho globo ho was to bo - found. After- a fow months, however, spent in diligent search by1 private detectives the . new s<xuiro was discovered in a quiet and out of tho way cornor; of Italy. Ho was 0 roving, good for nothing vagabond, this Owen, and nobody was much surprised \to hear that, wbilo in Italy, I10 had con tracted a somowhat undcsirablo marriage with a daughter of tho country. Some pnoplo said that sho was tlip discarded wifo of 0 roue nobleman, somo alleged shq was tbo daughter of a Calabrian inn keeper, while others went so far as to assert thst she was tho actual head of a flourishing band of brigands. Owen 1 VanBtono hod only two relations who couldA bo expected to hovo any' trust worthy information on tho subject — his '.mother and a married sister. But old Mrs. Vanstono lived by herself in a Isouoiy ilowor houso, and waa a stern, un communicative woman ; whilo Lady iboly was yachting with her husband in foreign seas. So tho local gossips wero fi >in to bo content to await tho coming oif tho nop heir and his-ray'storious brido. Irk duo tiino they arrived, hut without ttilo customary rejoicings, triumphal a? plies and 'ringing of bolls. A telegram pi-, Wed them only by a fow hours, and tjha housekeeper at Darkhurst Manor I l\ \ was torribly flattered at tho shortness of the timo left her for preparation. How ever, sho managed to get things straight after a fashion, and, knowing her master's exceedingly awkward temper, she took good caro not to make any complaint when ho appeared. Vanstono hod not improved by foreign travol. Ho looked a good ton years older than his ago, which Mrs. Bell know to bo thir ty-tbrco. His face, too, seemed worn, and tliord was a. curious expres sion in his eyes, a watchful, suspicious expression, which was somewhat un pleasant to meet. . His wifo, of course, accompanied him, and there woo an 'Italian maid and a cosmopolitan valet. -The lady looked tired and cross, hut sho was cortainly very handsome, and by no mciiha impressed tho Darkhnrst house hold with tho idea that hor birth was either lowly or obscure. But eho.was a foreignor, and spoko little or no English, and tho servants did not toko to her kindly. Why, thoy. asked, did Mr. Owen bring his wifo homo in this holc- and-cornor fashion unless ho wiis ashamed of her ? Tho fow county families in tho neigh borhood of Barkhurst called upon tbo Vanstoncs, as in duty bound, but tboir civilities met with very littlo response. The now squiro scorned to bo a gloomy, ' imjjroso, man, and his wifo scarcoly over appeared in public.. Stories of tho most dxtriaordinary ' description circulated' abdhf tliis curious couplo, hut Vanstono Was Mjvidbhtly. . indifferent to public opinion, and dotormincd to go his own way." - So far as the servant could judge bo and his wifo were affectionate enough aftor..' their - own fashion. Sho: was marvellously beautiful, and ho was somo- timos almost extravagant in his dorotion. Occasionly, bowovcr, there was a violent quarrel, passiouato reproaches on his sido being followed by outbursts of hysterical weeping on bora, and then for wcoks togctbor tho two lived almost apart, speaking hut raroly, and mooting only at meal-timos. As time wont on things grow a littlo mora poacofal at Darkhurst. Tlia quarrels wero rarer, and Mrs. . Vanstono was soon moro frequently out of hor ownhouso. People began to think that, after all, tho Van- stones would reform, and bccomo decent and . useful, members of tho country society.' ' -Tho moro charitably disposed said that it was natural enough for Vanstono to keop his Wifo in seclusion until sho know ;tho English Inngnago, and had soma opportunity of learning British manners and customs. \- It was about six months after Owon Vanstdho had come to Darkhurst. Covor- shooting .was on, and ho had gono so far as to ask two or thrco friends to help him to slay tho pheasants. Cords, tho'head-kopper, and bis assistants bad boon. anxiously watching tho woll stocked presorves for weoks, dotormincd that their -master's first impression of tho Bportof Darkhurst should bo a good ono. Ono cvoning early in October, Cords was strolling through tlio homo covers, a qunrtoT'of a mflo or so from tho manor, When hi- caught sight of a dark form amijpg tbo 'trees.-, Tho sturdy York- shiroman at onco' thought of poachers, and crouched down in tho undorwood to got a bctter look nt . the stronger. Ho was a curious sort of poacher. Ho woro a slouched bnti'of.a kind Cords had noyor'scon, and- was wrapped up in a long'dark clonk, which left nothing of hini visiblo oxcept n pair of high boots. Cords did not like tho. look of him at all, and nt oiico concluded that lib must hhvo felonious' intentions upon either tho phcash'ritel br tho. pinto. So ho crept a few" 'pack's nearer arid wafted. Tho stranger nppcaro to hnvo missed his way ; I10 glanced about in a pcrploxcd fasliidn, and peered amongst the trees as if in'.scarch of a path. Presently he seemed to havo mndo up his inind, and started off towards tho honso. But it bnpponod that ho took the direction of Cords's, hiding place, and half-n-dozon paces brought liim fairly np against that - worthy, as ho rose from tho ground: !:- ,''5"0yh'ot ..nrt, iloin'. yore," growled Cordsj -mnking : a grab nt tho othor's collnrl "i'i .0 ;'' 'Tho-btrangor draw back with consider able agility, and a muttered ontb. Tho keeper, .-nothing daunted, advanced to effect a 'capture, hut tho other suddenly prbduccjl , a long and very unpleasant looking: . knifo, brandished it in the kccpor's oyes, arid, as ho hesitated an instant, dived into tho underwood nud disappeared.' ff- If arid on'y had ma goon, yny lino gontlomanl" cried Cords, ns ho plunged after tho retreating Ague. But pursuit , in tho gathering dnrkoess was liopoloss,- and tho keeper wont on his way, fooling " exceedingly savogo and somewhat small. Another 200 yards, and tho gamo-kecper emerged on n long, straight drivo loading to tho manor. As ho did so ho started again, and in stinctively clutched his stick, for straight in front of him was anothor figure. _ But a glauco satisfied him that this tiirio it wob Mr: Vanstono, and not tbo black cloaked stranger. " Good evenin', sir," said Cords, "havo you scon anybody about ?" "No." , " I mot a quoor lookin' chap in thoro ; mebbc a ponchor." "IVclI, ho had a black cloak on,, a soft hat, and tall boots. Carried a knifo, too." " You mot n man just now liko that?" asked Vanstono, speaking very slowly ; " did you notico agything else about' him?" Cords thought his master's voice sounded hollow and strange. Ho could not sco his face, hut ho hoard his breath como quick and short. . : " Ho had black eyes and curly hair, like an organ grinder." A passionate oath' broho from Van stono ; ho said no more, but strodo rapidly towards the house, muttering to himself, whilo tho keeper followed nt a rospcctablo distance, greatly wondcrng nt his master's singular emotion. Mr. VauBtono entered tho front iloor, whilo Cords betook himself to tho servants' hall, where he greatly Interested and alarmed agroup of admiring servant girls with a graphic description -of the mysterious trespasser. Ho did mat, bowovcr, say anything about the effect which tho apparition had producad upon his master. That evening Mr. Vanstono ordered his clothes to be packed, and announced his intention of going for a couple of days to London. He seemed to be ,on particularly affectionate terms With Ids wife, and spent tbo evening in her boudoir. Tbo next morning he drove off early in his dogcart and caught ithc first express south. Tho might .after Vanstono's departure waa wild and stormy. Tho wind swept across tho desolate moor and whistled .dismally among tho long dark avenues. The servants sat up later than usual, the more wcakmiuded ones being afraid to go to led, whilo the caso hardened did Sutler told grim stories- of the Darkhurst ghosts, and mightily enjoyed the effect Sis narratives produced upou -the shuddering circle. One of iho younger footmen, who had hnt recently arrived from London, was particularly awo- strickcn. He satin open mouthed horror whilo the stories of tSe white lady and of tho hcadlcsB gentleman wore unfolded to him. "Lor, Mr. Booties," he at length ventured to remark, " 'ow ever dare you stay in such a 'ousel" ! "Because I knows whon I've, got a! good berth, you young jackass," growled tho butler, and James Flint subsided into silcnco amidst the giggling of Iho sorrant girls. But when James retired to bis somowhat narrow bod ho found It utterly hopeless to attempt to sleep.; Ho lay awake lor hours, quaking with: fright ut every succcssivo inonu of tho j wind, and waiting in agony for the appearance of tho white lady through tSo rattling window or tlio , creak- 1 ing doofc The night was inter minable, and tlio footman vowed that nothing would induce liim to stoylul such a tcrriblo house. At length, just I as lib was on tho point of falling aslcqp| from sheer exhaustion, a sound broke 1 upon bis cars which seemed to Iroczcliis vory blood. It was a womau's sluSo'k.ai despairing muffled cry wbicb mo avind could over produce. It sounded a Jong- j nay off, but James Flint thought iit| must bo close upon him, and with .a yell | of abject terror be sprang out of kedand j rushed towards tho trader's room. He : could hoar Booties snoring, and ho burnt in without further ceremony. " Oh, Mr. Booties !" he screamed, " Murder, murder ; somebody's boeu killed !" Tho butler awoko deliberately, mid struck a match. "Oh, it's you is it? You infernal young Idiot !" " For Heaven's sake como and soe what's the matter," whimpered tho boy. " Go to tho devil," rejoined thobutlor, blowing out tho light. "Have you! never hoard the banshoo ? Go hack to bed, and if you wake me again I'll skim you alive I" So James crept back to -Iiib hod mod lay shuddering with fright until day-: light. But when Teresina, the lady's maid, went to call her mistress in the morning, sho rushed out of tho room with a terrible scream, and fainted dead! awayin tlio passage. Tho other servants j gathered round her awo-stricken, and, ; for somo timo no ono darod to mentor | tho chamber. At length came tho bouse- 1 keeper, who, feeling the necessity ufj showing a brave front, hardened bur! heart, and headed a small expedition of ' discovery. And this is what sho sow: — The room was in complete disorilur. < Drawers bad been smashed open, jc-vul j cases shnttercd, and wardrobes forced.! Thoro liad evidently been a terrible struggle, for one obair wiis broken to pieces, and tho carpet had boon torn up in places. The window was wide opon, ; and the sash was marked by tuuddy boots. Lying half dressed across the bod | was Stephanie Vanstono, dead and cold, licr splendid , cyos almost forced from their sockets, and staring upwards iu glassy horror ; her face blue and swollen and hor snow white nock blackened by' murderous fingers. The terrified wumau ' could sco that sho bad bcou strangled, for tho marks of the villnn'b bunds were plainly visiblo. Thoro was blood upon! tlio carpet, and upon looking more, closely they saw that tlra uufortuunte' lady's jaw had been broken, nud three or four of hor tcctli knocked oat by a tremendous blow in tho mouth. Mrs. i Bell sternly silenced the chattering of the younger servants, and sent a groom for the doctor and -the police, while she arranged Iho room, and decently covered the body of licr luckless mistress. Presently tho doctor and the local constable arrived. Mrs. Vanstono was past human aid ; she had boon violently strangled, most probably by a robber whom she .had disturbed in the act of ' stealing licr jewclls. Tho policemen1 agreed with this theory. It was per fectly evident. Tho man had scaled tbo ivy covered wall and opened the window. Mrs. Vanstone had surprised liim, and ho had murdered her. More over lie had got clean away with bis booty, for many valuable jewels were- missing. Under tlio window there were ' tho marks of feet, and here the con stable found something which almost solved the mystery, a black, slovenly bat; of foreign make, suck as is — or might ; bo — worn by wandering Italians. Cords the keeper, at once identified this liat as exactly resembling that worn by the mysterious cloaked stranger in the wood, ; and loudly bewailed his carelessness and I bad luck in not having succeeded in capturing the mndcrons ruffian. But lamentations were useless ; the constable! took down all be could gather from ; Cords, and the available police force,! aided by dozens of volunteer detectives! at onca began to 6C0ur the county- in j search of the foreigner. A telegram,! had, of course, been sent at one to Mr. ; Vanstone, nud, later in the day, bo jo-: turned to tbo manor. His wife's horrible death had already produced a. marked id? out mjrau fiiim. Trl'»- 3nec tvse . jjUnnfky tpdlc, TOriiilibril, amfl-trarar tfic ' .Buspliiious IliHik ihi Hiis await w-nr m- ki- tonuGell .-as to lbe xtbsulutdkv pnihuaf r .-ami tflio warranto wdiispKUdi totfietm-! .solves dlmt Ih'is ihalr HadlttinaudljesnsH i. ilily $ngf. He «ant .miafyjlu ajp to £» avltelsiniom ,-anfi totnamsil Sbss-sinnf ; bom;, .finding -wHuffi 3C». UkU a dw-s-- amiiiiefiioutriific to warn raff ringpectoe ; tpasBQnoiby, fiienrfi mum; tthan amt- zrrtun: .of angiiiSh, .-aufl wept siilau% ill spun- . tpatby twtish fiiur auuHtevs" tosxiilly jrei-£. j Htosautlyilic raame rant with a. w'iicd ' .sotlocc, .-anil inunivL-c iff si smatub-iraii ' ibulllg nirailc fftir tfbc ransniimii. Til iliousekoupur amtiirafi Jnr tfhe fib® tone Hint lira -.wure ilfis sight rami 2n ra ailiiap '"HavByouihurt your ram;, Pr..'' one InquIruS. '"(Dnu ffifloraigtoaqg-i"' " Nnthliig,'" Bra ranmvjttitfl aareUssisjj-. '"fflliave iiiriiy llmikuu ra Satsf—sO ii jjmnmefinnraarab .ilwrc!" rauffiia- siiuwid iliur lliis ilrauil llramifi nip amil fin sgilhrk. fi'vir ttlic aicxt Sitv ifiiivs tfhc emfna-lbcaf qmjiulatiou, raufi sravnrul sqatrimlly anuc- tnuuetl .fieteutives, .suuruluill anceauihejs' fur ttlic antirfiurefi wiSinntt ttbejliinatauo it-ese. An finuuest -vnic, aiT -runrse, iiei'dl r ilintaralitoilhiRvSfiimeeslimuqjuadl. fflless- ;wa6 xcrilly mmui to lira g'beaiesssptttoac raf too gnmifi-.mqnff raufi off toctoUbtou-- but. fifiorane Iliafi too Herat dbufitt tout some wnnfioring nufiimi bail ibcarafiui way auto Mrs. UXnmitunr f sscmiav&tpeii; .of p'lnnfler, amfi firoti aimrfiutvll firer to provoui am ailactu. So ai warilist man rntnrnofi aif \lliilfifl Kbnfinr annunrtt some person rar psrsnns auibuoraij" raufi the Badkliurat mH'irtery mrasBBbgutofito. toe list .uf miitfisenvurufi radhnac. ABer iiis iwilels if unurril ©mini Transttnie wvans .aln-oafi,bisrafiflrese bulug Bagti ra aeoraS Iriuu ravary .uuu but iliis arilenitrc. llfie aiianur -was aftint mp, raufi tor sanwaudlt paid rati 5 toe house iwrasbi&totoraBato; raufi .owls, amil tocraumuay qeajih; jarau-at ,a-,wifiur berth tout raver, raufi maibiefin raworstruiik ivfiiiiquir .iff tSlu; to-rdlll&'iiluneic which .uu tfludk raufi ratnoiyr aiuthtr asm; ibcuril toradlio filuvnutb ttla- wring tubus- the auurfiurefi wumau llrrafl sllugL ((2b lbe immdluSsS rati auwracst-;) 