STORY OF GENORA OF COLOGNE. (BY MARY KYLE DALLAS.) Once long ago there lived in Cologne a beautiful matron named Genora, who would have been very, happy had she but a son or a daughter to call her mother; aud, being very devout, she prayed nightly that she might have sent to her at least one child. At last, one midnight, she had a dream; she thought that the Virgin came to her and promised her a little daughter, and said, “ This will be my betrothal present,’ and offered her a skull, from the empty sockets of which white flowers grew in profusion. When she awakened the lady knew that she would soon have a child, but also that she would die soon after it was born. She told her husband what she had dreamed, and also what she believed, and he felt alarmed, though he tried to persuade himself that it was foolish to place any faith in the visions of a dis turbed fancy. However, events proved that for once at least a dream was prophetic. A little girl was born to the lady in less than a year, aud soon after the mother faded gently away. One morn ing she seemed to fall into a sweet sleep, from which she did not awaken. The husband was distracted, his heart was broken, but '-he could do nothing now but show affection for the dead; and before Genora was laid in her coffin he took from their caskets all the jewels she possessed, which were many, aud adorned her with them with his own hands. Great chains of pearls lay about the dead woman’s neck, diamonds shone in her hair, rubies encircled her white arms, emeralds decorated her _ white bosom. No one dared advise the sorrow stricken man to remember how useless all these gems were to a dead woman, or how valuable they might be one day to his daughter; and his wife was borne to the tomb thus arrayed. The funeral was over—the mourners left the church yard. Genora remained amidst her ancestors whose coffins almost filled the tomb, and the world was desolate to the man who loved her. As the day wore on he felt that he could not support the burden of his sor row, and resolved to die by his own hand. He knew of a deadly poison which would end his life, and he deter mined to leave his home after all others slumbered, go to the tomb, and there, with his head upon his wife’s coffin, breathe his last. Meanwhile he carefully made his will, appointed guardians for his daughter, and apportioned his great wealth as he thought right and fitting. While -ho did so, sitting in his own study, and writing by the dim though beautiful lamp of the time, which swung by golden chains over his head, another person within the castle was busy with thoughts of the dead. Bertha, penora’s maid, knew of the gems that had been buried with her. They were a fortune in themselves. It seemed to her a strange and insane idea to bury them with the lady, who could no longer value them. . She was not generally dishonest —she would not have robbed her living mis tress—but she was poor, and her be trothed husband had striven for years to become rich enough to marry her, but without success. If she could but get at these jewels which the pale'corpse wore so sadly. Bertha said to herself—she could fly to some foreign country with her Frederick, and there live with him rich and, happy. The thought gained strength as night approached, and the girl, who was strangely devoid of all superstitious terrors, determined to go to the tomb, open the coffin, and take out the jewels. She conferred with her lover, who,, even less scrupulous than she, assented to the proposition. He was to provide the proper tools, and wait where he could; receive the gems from her hand. r The coffiri was not burie / d,.but ; placed / upon a sort of stone bench in the centre, of the tomb, where it would. remain until the next death . transferred it to the stone shelves where., the dead were placed in rows, -according to the period of their decease. ' Midnight lt was the -hour when tho mourner had resolved to die.- 1 It was -the .time - at/ which . the sacrilegious - robbers : were to. open the coffin. The would-be suicide delayed a little. Before lie parted from life he desired to look upon and'embrace his child, • The robbers were prompt;. They reached the tomb and unlocked it with a fnlse key, and entered. Bertha, who had thought of every thing,had brought a lamp with her. She lad also dressed herself in long, white garments, covered with a black cloak. On; entering the tomb she cast the cloak aside, and threw over her head a lace veil of her dead lady’s. ‘lf anyone sees a light in the tomb,’ she said, ‘and comes to look, I will be :taken for my lady’s ghost. No one will interfere with me. lam the only one, I know, whodoes not believe in ghostß.’ \- Then lighting her lamp, she bade her lover step out of sight, and began to-' open the coffin. She lifted the lid. There lay her lady, fair as though she slept, and glittering with countless jewels. She held the light aloft, and stood looking down upon the beautiful face, scarcely daring to do her work; and as sne stood thus; the door of the tomb opened, and Genora’s : husband, holding his lamp in his hand, entered, and stood rivetted to tho spot, staring at what ho for a moment believed to be his wife’s spirit. - Bertha knew her Only hope was to fly before her identity was discovered. Flinging her lamp away, she sprang for ward, and in her hasty movement dashed the coffin to the ground.' Her master saw her pass him like the wind, and saw also, at that moment, his wife’s body lying uncoffined on the floor. He rushed towards it, and as he bent over her, she lifted herself on her elbow and looked up at him with her great blue eyes. . “Oh, my love, she cried, “oh my love! lam your’s' again. I have been in a trance. I could not move or speak. I knew all that went on about me, but a spell was upon my body. They cof fined me, and I knew no more,; but just now the beautiful Madonna, all in white, opened my living tomb, and set me free. She looked down at me, holding a star in her hand until my life came back. Oh, my love, I am yours again, and my little child is not motherless.’ The husband also believed that he had seen the Madonna, or at least an angel. He bore his wife in his arms to her home, and the story rang through Cologne for many days. Genora lived many days, and it was not until after her death that Bertha died, a very old woman, and made confession to her priest, that anyone knew the part she had had in the restor ation of Genora. Meanwhile it hurt no one to believe in the beautiful mystery which made Genora and her husband so happy, and which they had profound faith in during the whole of their long lives. 