The latest intelligence relative to the Anglo- Russian difficulty points to the fact that the peace-at-any-price party at home have brought about a consummation by no means 'devoutly to be wished,' by the hesitating and ir resolute policy adopted by them durine the present crisis. As they have retired from their original position Russia has advanced, until the arrogance of her replies has reached even the limitB of Mr.. Gladstone's power! of forbearance and we hear now that war is inevitable. Had the Cabinet put their foot down promptly at the outset, demanded the recall of General Komaroff and the re ♦ ir«ninnf nf 4-Via tiuooinn £rk»./»«rt. Afghan Frontier, it is more than pro bable that Russia would have complied, and ah amicable settlement of the ques tion been arrived at. At the present moment England has nothing particular upon which to congratulate herself. If Russia meant war from the start there can be no doubt tbat the delay caused by all these negociations and explana tions has been of inestimable value to iier ; if, on the other band, she. never intended to fight, England has certainly gained nothing by retreating from the position she took up. To know that the grandest work of . his life, thp establish ment of our Indian Empife, is being1 undone by incompetent Ministers' and time-serving politicians, whoso love of office exceeds their love of ouutry, arid whose want of judgment and statesman ship is compromising England's honor, is enough to make DiBrueli rise from his quiot grave at Hughenden and come back, like Ctesar's ghost at Phillipi, to reproach this modern Brutus with his unjust stewardship. It is quite possible that within a few short days the thunder of Russian cannon will be heard re verberating over the placid waters of the broad Pacific ; it is even probable that in the event of war being declared, we shall not altogether be exempt from its devastating horrors ; it is only just then, that we should be allowed to ex press our Opinion on a subject which bo nearly touches both our national and financial interests. ' | The threadbare question of Terry street Water . Reserve cropped up again st the last Council, meeting in three forms— a letter from Mr. Milton, asking to be appointed caretaker, a petition, some feet in length, and motion to settle the whole question by filling- up the waterhole and making a road, proposed by Alderman Hancock. The first two were disposed of in a formal way, but during the discussion on the letter, some warm sentences were uttered by a couple of the aldermen. ' Alderman Burns sug gested something to the effect that Ald erman Hancock had no necessity to go outside of his ward to find work to do, to which that gentleman retorted that any alderriian who would not go outside his ward to do a work which would result in benefit to the public was not worthy of a seat in the Council. Ald erman Clubb spoke in strong terms about the action of the individual who had been the principal agitator in the matter of the reserve and doubted the correctness Of the petition presented. In connection with the latter, we have since been informed that the petition was sent in annfinno an fliot flih narBA IIS who signed for the construction of a jetty had no intention of supporting the . full prayer of the petition, as presented to the Council, and in .fact did not know of many of the requests made in the head ing which they suppose was written after they had signed. We have been authorised to state' that - Messrs. T. Laidlaw, L. Latcham, E. Higgin, R. and W. Craig, Dr. Wilkie (Nelson street), and G. M'Dowall, did 'not sign any petition asking that Mr. Milton should be appointed caretaker. That being the case, it looks as if the whole document has been tampered with and it will, therefore, lose its influence with the Council. 