?:.)'?? Vfflagod eat 'oeritoa ' et proBualebit.' ' '? ? ? ? ? ' ' ? - i WfiiDNESDAY, MARCH 25, 1885. SIB HENBY PABKES, :Whom .the gods wish to destroy, they first make mad. Sir Henry Parkes; in the opinion of the majority, of those who hare observed his actions recently, is losing his head, and his destruction is near. Asa politician he for years held foremost rank in the colony, and the sailden decadence of power lately, ex hibited, side by aide with his ridiculous attempts at political snicide, have. been 'a source of real g^rief to his friends. From the time when, rejected by East Sydney, he washed his hands of politics, only to soil them again at the first oppor tunity, he has posed before the public as -a terribly disappointed man, whose opinions and aspirations are as liable to change as the weathercock in a shifting wind. His last retirement from active political lift). was as unexpected as it was sudden and causeless, and so em phatic were his declarations that be would never agnin breathe the tainted air of Parliament, that even his. opponents were deceived, and were induced to bid | him an affectionate adieu. But he has once more made an effort to emerge from the grave in which he buried him self, and is now seeking election at the hands of the people of Argyle, who are at present unrepresented in Parliament, owing to the retirement of their former member. His appearance in the field as a candidate startled everyone, and from one end of the colony to the other may be heard the laugh of derision. The candidate who was already in the field, Mr. G. Bankbx, was startled out of his wits by the sudden appearance of this solid phantom, and although his. chances of election were considered to be more than ordinarily good, he abandoned his can didature and burned back to bis home in Sydney. This is, perhaps, the first recorded case of a Scotchman being' frightened by a ghost, but we suppose that having political babilaments this ghost looked 'more formidable than others, and there may be some excuse for the sudden terror' and flight of Mr. Barken, especially as the Orangemen in Gouiburn, who are reported to be very strong, had withdrawn their offers of support from him. In his address to the electors the other night the resur rected Knight of Falconbridge gave two reasons for his sudden desire to again enter Parliament — the first being to grapple. with the wild spirit of fictitious patriotism which had broken' out over the Soudan affair, and the second being to save the' country from the ruinous effects of the working of the new Lands Act.' If this is not real patriotism, ?where is it to be found ? What sacrifice could be greater than that which Sir Hesky Parkes is willing to make ? ifle was driven from Parliamentary life, by his own confession, by the foul atmos phere in which he was while there com pelled to breathe, and yet, in order that he. might save the country from the ruin which threatens, he is prepared to again place his nostrils where they will receive offence, and suffer twitchings which must be more than death to a sensitive, pure-minded mortal. ? If we conld but believe his story, we might rejoice in him a« a patriot of the pareat type, but to say is one thing-, to be and to do another thing. If the people of Argyle had wanted him we fancy they would have called him ; but this they did not do. He has gone to the warfare on his own charges, and if only some substantial local man conld be brought to oppose him the probabilities are' that be would be saved from ever . again repeating - the Burying process. At present the only other candidate announced is a Mr. J. Obborxe, of Sydney, who ertswbile gained noforiety by turning his back upon himself as a preacher of the Gospel. Perhapa healso thinks that tergervitatioh is the chief element in political power, and 'knowing his own ability, as exercised in another sphere,. he essays the politi cian's post. Sir Hmtry Parkes is the more experienced of the two contestants, and if a third does not come forward, te may hope to win the day, althongh bis return to 'Parliament zander existing circumstances would not redound to the credit of the electors. ..;????. 