MY NEW YE4ARS CASE. 3 it was New Year's Day. I was travelling down from London to a Midland town, called r there on rather a strange errand. I am a medi- 1 cal man, and had then only lately purchas:d I a practice, but had not made much headway in it as yet. I had received a letter asking me to go down to 0. to give my professional opinion. s A man had died; that is, he had fallen into c a trance for some days, and the local s practitioners could not make up their minds on the matter, or even say that he was t dead. A strange errand truly, and I pon- f dered somewhat upon it as we sped swiftly t along. It was getting on in the afternoon when c my destination was reached, and the short t wintry day was closing in. I found a car riage waiting for me at the station, and I t thought, as I settled myself snugly among t the cushions, "Evidently these people are somebody, and then, as the mind naturally i reverts to self as the pivot upon which all r turns, I wondered if, like the storybooks, this dase of mine was to be the beginning of i my future prosperity, and that ever after wards I should go on swimmingly. The I carriage stopped before as imposing a house as itself. The blinda were all drawn, and r there was the usual air of gloom about the place. I was ushered into a room, where af servant brought me refreshment and left me, saying that her mistress would like to see me as soon as convenieut. In a _short time she reappeared, arid, conducting me into another room, I found myself in the presence of the mistressofthehouse. She was atall, handsome = woman, in the prime of life, but there seemed something very strange about her. 1 " Dr M- , I suppose T? she said. I bowed. " No doubt you will wonder at my send ing for you, but I heard of you as a very clever man." I bowed again. " And the case is such a peculiar one. My I dear husb?eid " She pu.her- handkerchief to her eyes for a few moments, then looked up, and cer tainly she did not look as if she had been weeping~, "You must pardon my natural grief, but if you will come this way you shall see him." I followed her upstairs, and we stood by the bed on which the dead man lay. It was not an unpleasant spectacle. He lay as if asleep; there was no change, such as usually follows death, and yet when I had looked on I him for a minute or two I said to myself- ! "This is death." lThe wife broke the silence. "It is three days since. He had been a little unwell, but not, as we thought, dan gerously:.so, when all at once he called out my-- name, and fell back, not to rise again." "Has he ever had a visitation like this; that is, been in a trance-likecondition beforel" I asked, "? ever," was the reply. "'It was the doctor we called in who suggested that it might be so. They could not understand him being solifelike.' " I am afraid he is. dead, madam," said I, gravely. She turned her-head' away as she said "Do you think so I" but there was no tears in her voice, andI noticed, even though my sad mission might be supposed to occupy my mind to the exclusion of everything else, that she never looked me in the face when she spoke. I made the usual examinations, but could. discover no sign of life, and came to the :conclusion that death was caused by syncope.. She received my opinions with outward signa of grief, and we left the room to its silent tenant. "You will stay here to-night, doctor, as the distdaiee is so great,. A room has beenu prepared for you, and I hope you will make yourself as comfortable as circumstances will i permit," and she pressad into my hand a piece i of paper. Theroom into which I was shown was prepared with every comfort, and I was not sorry to sit down to a sumptuous little vepast When I looked at my fee I was as tonished; the sum was greater than I ever dreamed of, and I fell into a fit of musing. Was there some secret in this mysterious establishment ? And yet, what could there be with the dead man up-stairs ? Not foul play--that I could vouch for. And I dis missed the subject from my mind. A little later I was preparing for my rest, though it was rather early, but I felt tired with my loug journey, knowing too, that I should have another on the morrow, when I found that I had lost a letter out of my pocket. Yhere could I haveidro~ped it? In the aro whore the-a rokjer ahte kouse lay It must bethere. I did-nadt ikd the :idhe: or;f servants finding it. Not that it Was a very important one but I did not wish to lose it. I knew where the room was. Suppose I went I to look myself without troubling anyone lIs There could bh no harm in that. Opening s( nmy door, I issued forth. All was silent. ii Perhaps everybody had retired. No; as I V went quietly along the landing I heard foot- of steps. A figure came out of a room and c crossed over to another. Just as it entered t I caught a glimpse of the face. Great d, heavens! It was that of the man I had not F two hours since seen stretched lifeless on ol his last bed. I could go no further. I am j not a coward, but for the moment I was { overcome. Then reason came to my aid. It ol was some chance resemblance. And yet how b, like ; how it struck me with recognition even sI in the dim light. However, all desire of re- la gaining my lost property had fled. I could not enter that room, and I crept down stairs ai again to my own. Once there, I felt a little a better, and tried to dismiss my thoughts, knowing how utterly impossible they must be. a Ghosts did not usually walk before their of earthly tabernacle was buried. When I got a, to this stage, I shook myself for an idiot, tl and, somewhat relieved, sought my bed. It was a bright: morning when I awoke, and , with the light my fears of the night before $, seemed too absurd to think of. My break fast was brought to me by the grave-looking h servant who had before attended me. I made tj the loss of my letter known to her, and rt asked if she would please look for it, adding ' that I had come on the landing, but could n not see it, and said carelessly, " By the way, W I saw a gentleman as I was looking who k was extremely like your late master." . "You are mistakenr," she said hurriedly. Then clhecking herself, added slowly. "0 O yes, it was master's brother you must have 't seen ; they are like as two peas." " Very likely," I answered ; and the we-? ? man, promising to look for my lost letter, i left the room. She returned with it in her c, hand. o "You had droppel it in his room sir," she r said. I thanked her, and then prepared to take t my departure. Before the afternoon was ti over, I was at home again, and my adventure i seemed like a dream. But after this my i afftirs did impro.ve. Whether it was the I turn of the tide, or whether it was some in fluence, I could not tell. The fact remained a that prosperity had set in. 1h Ten years had gone by. I had settled i down, and my practice was thoroughly es- g tablished. I had not forgotten my New Year's case, and my wife and I had frequently talked it over, and laughed at my fright at i the wonderful resemblance. "Still," she would say thoughtfully. "It was a strange thing you should receive so i much money for such little service" r And I always agreed with her. One morn- t ing I received a letter with a French post- r mark on it, I turned it over, but could make :. nothing of it My wife was as curious as [, t and as the generality of people do when they receive a strange letter, was endeavoaring to ( guess its import and sender by minute ex- c aminations of the outside, instead of promptly ` opening it, and setting doubts at rest at once. At last we did open it, my wife looking over my shoulder, and this is what we read : " Sm,-Ten years ago you were called in to give a medical certificate on the death of my husband, but as he only died a month ago that certificate was a fraud. However, as you were an innocent party to it, you need not have any compunction about that. But he wished before he died that you should be made acquainted with the whole circum stances, and learn that a clever dcotor mayi be at fault. My husband and I made a run away match, and my father was so bitterly incensed that he never forgave us; at least, he gave in so far that when he died he left the bulk of his fortunmo to my children, or if my husland died it was then to revert to me, but not a penny could I touch whilst he was alive. Such were the provisions of his strange will, and I, who loved my husband, felt the cruel injustice of it when, later on, we fell into difficulties. Here was a large fortune tied up for possible future heirs (as yet we I had no child), whilst two people were suffer ing from want of money. In the early days Sof our married life we were in pros;perity, but speculation proved our ruin; it has done to thousands. What were we to do ? There is nothing for it but to die," said my husband one day. I stared, but soon found he was, not joking. I don't know if yo:u have heard of a man who possessed the strange power of throwing himself into a kind of tr'nce. Drawing in his breath gradually, he would. presently be deprived of all sense and motion, and wouM become to all appearance lifeless, remaining so for some time. By-and-bye animation would revive. Mly husband had this power, anrid you know how well it was i exercised, though it was a narrow escape at last. We got our money--that is, I did, and Sas we could not stay in England came to France, where we have resided ever since. I \- do not think you will have regretted your : visit to C. 1 had my influential friends in town, and strongly recommended you as a thoroughly clever man, with what success Syou are the best judge. That was in the days l gone by. Probably you are at the top of the S " Thanking you for the service you r rendered us.-I remain, yours truly, MARA 1 I looked at my wife, and she, looked at me. sI "Well," she said, drawing a deep breath, a I "so you were not mistaken after all in the le figure you saw that night" L I" A strange story, truly" was.my answer, e folded up the letter, and then, on second a thoughts, fiinging it into the fire. s It was not a letter I cared to have lying i e about. My thoughts went back to the past. \- So I might, really trace the beginning of my or prosperity to that never-to-be-forgotten New g. Year's case. Is re Some years ago, at one of the Dublin al theatres, one of the tragedies of Sophocies s- was put on the stage, At the close of the le performance the " gods" called loudly for it the author, whereupon the manager explained y that, as the authocr had been dead more than Id two thousand years he could not very id well get him to appear. Nothing t. disconcerted, a very small gallery te boy called out, "Then let tjs have his It hisuay1" 