The Extravagant Hindu Legend. Of the Hindu legends the most striking f feature is their wildness. Is it a protest f against the dull monotony of life in India? Or is life less monotonous to the native th \- to the European ? Lai Behari's tales, any ve how, are wilder than the wildest bits of the 11 ? Arabian Nights." A yeung man puts a , egg of the toontoonia bird into a cupboard, and out of it comes a babe that grows int the loveliest girl the world ever saw. The ly mannik stone in some snakes' heads is wo the wealth of seven kings. In a certain ci an elephant is king maker, but the king o t his choice only reigns a day, for out of th queens mouth comes a threadlike snake, which slays him in the bridal chamber. A long-lost son, who had fallen in love with ng mother, and has mounted the cow-house roof that he may break in and carry her o y happily hears his life's story from two calv es. that are quietly discussing him below. A wife going out of doors on a dark night ac dentally knocks up against a Sankchinni, be white lady ghost, that sat on a low branch The revengeful creature at once took her b the throat, thrust her into a hole in the tr ad and went in, taking her shape so complete that the mother-in-law, that universal inma e of the Hindu hut, was deceived. The only difference was that, whereas the wife had be ula weak ana languid, the ghost was brisk and active. " She has turned over a new leaf; e much the better," said the mother-in-law, when the errands and the cooking were do -in next to no time. But one day the old woman caught sight of the ghost fetching something from die next room ghost fashio f by stretching out a long arm—for ghosts ca stretch their limbs a great way, though no as far as RakBhasis can. She said nothing but told her son, and they watched, and be fore long they saw the kitchen hearth abla ing though they knew there was no firein the house. Looking through a chink they saw e that the wife had thrust her foot into tbe oi oven, and that-it was burning like a bit o wood. " She's a ghost," they whispered, a they went for the ojha, who tested her by burning tumeric under her nose. She prove her ghostBhip by screaming, and was then beaten with slippers till she confessed and r showed where the real wife was, and was s. again beaten till she promised never to do family any further harm. —All the Year Round. ps A sacred burden' is this life ye bear : Look on it, lift i£, bear it solemnly. t a Stand up and walk beneath it steadfastly. Fail not for sorrow, falter not for sin, But onward, upward, till the goal ye win. 