CHAPTER III. Behold Lelgarde settled in her new posses sions, queening it in the gloomy old house and stiff gardens, which had not seen anything so fresh and sweet. I am sure, for a verv lone time. Athelstanes lay in a wild part of Yoik shire, only to be approached by a network of railways, every one of which was at daggers drawn with all the others ; stage-coaches lingered there, and the nearest station was ten miles off. The Athelings had been there ever since the year one. It was their boast that Atheling of Athelstane Stood on his hearth when the Conqueror came. And they prided themselves on their fair Saxon colouring, which, from generation to generation, had been as completely a posses sion of the Athelings as their coat of arms. I ?to not know if they had been careful to choose light- complexioned wives, hut certainly, with few exceptions, every family portrait had the same chkractesistics of sunny hair and fair delicate colouring, matching well with their Saxon names. The house itself was Elizabe than — the regular E shape, the drawing-room occupying one projection, the other contained, as we were given to understand, ' poor Miss Hilda's apartments ; the old home-keeper, who offered the information, sighed as she spoke. She was the only servant who had chosen to remain ; the rest appeared to harbour resentment against Lelgarde for the slight she had put on the Athelstanes in her childish days, or perhaps for not being young ; or for not being Miss Etheldreda ; any how they declined to stay, but Mrs. Bracebridge re mained,' and, though she began by treating us with a deadly politeness, which froze the marrow in our bones, she was now gradually succumbing to the irresistible influence of Lelgarde's graciousness, a graciousness which had in a certain touch of hauteur that probably recalled Miss Etheldreda, as lemonade might remind one of vinegar. I need not say much about the grounds, which were not beautiful ; a wide, flat paddock in front, not large enough to be ^dignified by the name of park, walled kitchen-gardens, and a stiff square flower garden at the back, plantations closing it all in, and beyond, wild moors stretching away into the distance. This was Athelstanes. When I add that the handsome furniture had seen its best days, that there was a great deal of white paint and white dimity, in vivid contrast to a great deal of dark polished oak, that every body's bedroom seemed to lead in and out of everybody else's, and that every square inch of wall was covered with family portraits, I have said all that need be said of Lelgardes «lr»mginT For the first few days, Lelgarde was ex tremely busy : engaging of new servants, the looking over of inventories, and ceaseless interviews with the various retainers, occupying every ? moment. She was looking rather oppressed with her new responsibilities, but I could not perceive that the sight of Athelstanes in any degree awakened old recollections. ' Come,' I said, one wild wet afternoon, when I -found her leaning her little tired head \- on her band, after holding one of her business levees, ^yon look as if you had had enough of it, I must say. Come and do something more smnsing.' ' What can one do on such a day ?' Lel garde said, drawing her scarlet cloak up round er shoulders, with a shiver. She was a very j ammeter, and withered up in cold and rainy reather like any tropical plant. 'Just the. day to let Mrs. Bracebridge take is all over the house i she is dying to do so.' Lelgarde agreed ; so, prudently wrapped up, ve summoned the housekeeper, and prepared o make the grand tour. Going steadily over anything, be it picture gallery, museum, or big house, always has the effect of leaving one sodden and depressed. By the time we had done it all, Lelgarde and I were both in this state, and thankful when an unexpected staircase suddenly landed us in an the front hall again. Here hung the principal modern portraits : among them the old squire, and what 1 had soon recognised as a boyisn likeness of Lelgarde's father. ' And who is the one hanging next to him, the very handsome young woman in the blue satin ?' I asked. 'That,' replied Mrs. Bracebridge, re verentially, ' was my late mistress, Miss Athel ing.' Somehow I had felt sure of it when I asked the question ; the high, delicate features, an- hard expression, were so exactly what I had pictured Miss Etheldreda. Hard — that was the word for her — just, I dare say, and there fore liked by her dependents, but certainly as disagreeable a woman, with all her beauty, as eve ever looked upon. ' Now,' continued Mrs. Bracebridge, 'would you like to see poor Miss Hilda's rooms ? I don't know why I go on keeping them locked : will yon like to see them, ma' am ?' ' By all means,' answered Lelgarde, eagerly for we had exchanged small jokes about the Blue Chamber, which was always kept closed. When opened, it looked commonplace enough; handsome, faded furniture, a capacious invalid couch, a very curious tall cabinet of ebony, in laid with ivory, heavy crimson curtains hang ing low over the narrow window — this was all. ' She was a great sufferer,' the old woman said, softly ; ' for nearly fifteen years she never left this room, and the one next it, poor lady.' ' What was her illness?' Mrs. Bracebridge hesitated, I thought, and then answered : ' A nervous affection, ma'am ; she lost, little by little, the use of her limbs ; my mis tress nursed her devotedly, and was the only person who could manage the poor lady for her good.' Shut up for fifteen years in that room, and managed for one's good by that horrible cold eyed woman. What a life ! But something besides struck me in Mrs. Bracebridge's tone. I wondered if the poor thing had been mad, and if that inheritance, too, threatened my Lelgarde. I turned to look at her, and saw her standing, quite intent on the old cabinet, with a puzzled, lost expression on her (ace, which surprised me. ' Where can I have seen a cabinet like this before ?' she asked, knitting her brows in perplexity ; ' I seem to know it quite well. Is there anything in it, Mrs. Bracebridge ?' Mrs. Bracebridge did not know. Mr. Graves had overhauled and superintended the valuing of everything, she said ; and the key, with several others, had been given to Lel garde. She at once produced the bunch, and selecting the key that fitted, opened the doors, revealing a quaint nest of pigeon-holes and drawers. 'We will not keep you, Mrs. Bracebridge, she said ; ' I have a fancy to look this over, and this is just the afternoon for it.' Mrs. Bracebridge demurred, with a glance at the empty grate ; but Lelgarde vowed she was not at all cold, and was evidently bent on her search. ' That is right,' she cried, when we were left alone ; and* she eagerly began to examine the drawers. The result was disappointing. Miss Hilda, whatever had been her woes, had been to wise too write them down for the amusement of future generations. One closely written manuscript book turned out to contain receipts for cookery and for knitting ; there was a herbarium, which had come to a stand Still in the middle, and old-fashioned album, also ending half-way through, and several sketch-books. These last were rather'interest. ing ; they contained graceful, slight outlines, with no great force about them, and to many the dates were added, dates of six or seven and-twenty years ago. Here and there was a bolder sketch, of quite a different stamp of merit ; landscapes, chiefly — some scenes in the neighbourhood ; and we both noticed that in almost every foreground the same figure was introduced : that of a slight eirl. not unlike Lelgarde herself, sitting, standing, or on horse back ; it constantly recurred, always unmistak ably the same person. 'And not Miss Etheldreda,' said Lel garde. 'Could it be this poor Hilda in her young days?. If so, I think this artist, who ever he was, must have been rather fond of Miss Hilda.' Lelgarde blushed, I observed, and sighed. ' There is something: sad in look ing over these things,' she said, rather, I thought, to account for the sigh. 'Poor Hilda was young and merry then, I suppose, like me. How little she thought what her life was going to be !' As she spoke she was incessantly passing her fingers over the back of the little recess which we were then exploring ; a restless movement which she had been continually re peating ever since we had begun our ^Y?min ation. ' It is strange bow well I seem to know this piece of furniture,' she said ; ' but I fancy there ought to be some secret drawers or cup board here somewhere, only I cannot find out how to open it' ' Ought to be ? What do you mean ? ' I cannot explain ; that is just what puzzles me ; only I feel as if there ought to be —just that.' Were old recollections reviving, I wondered; but what an unlikely thing to awaken them ! It was getting too dark to carry our researches further, and the cold was becoming intense. ' Come,' I said, ' we shall catch our deaths. Come and get warm.' ' You disturbed me,' she cried, petulantly ; ' I had just got hold of it. I only seem to want one link more to remember something.' She started and clung to me ; for close, close to us, just behind the cabinet, was a rustle, as of a sweeping dress, and the dull thud of some fallen body ; a gust, at the same moment, swept through the room, and a wild splash of rain against the window seemed to bring dark ness with it We clung together, like two fools as we were, and Lelgrade shrieked aloud. At that sound Mrs. Bracebridge appeared with a candle, and I at last grew brave at the sight of it. 'A mouse, I dare say, ma'am,' she re marked, deferential but contemptuous, in answer to our apologetic statement. 'No; there is something — something white,', gasped Lelgarde, pointing to the dark comer. Mrs. Bracebridge stooped to examine it. 'Yes, indeed, I quite forgot that it had been put away behind the cabinet. You must have shaken it down, ma'am, pulling out the drawers.' 'And it is?' ' Poor Miss Hilda's picture, ma'am, that is alL CHAPTER rV. Lelgarde and I had dined, and were sitting by the drawing-room fire afterwards, when my sister said, giving a shrinking look into all the dark comers : 'Joan, I hate that dreary room opposite. I shall have it locked, up again, and Mrs. Bracebridge shall keep the key.' ' So as to turn it into a haunted chamber at at once ! My dear, before it had been shut np a week, you would have ghosts, and rumours of ghosts, demoralising the whole establish ment ! You would never keep a. servant7, depend upon ti.' ' It has given me the horrors, 'she answered* with a shiver. ' Because we were geese enough to be frightened at nothing. Come, Lelgarde, let me advise you. Have a fire lighted tuere ; open all the windows, do it up with a set of Cretonne chintz, all over blue and scarlet dickey-birds ; ask the seven vicarage children to tea there, and let theji make themselves ill with plum cake, and greasy with bread-and-butter, and you will find Miss Hilda's ghost is laid in no time. The door opened slowly, causing Lelgarde to iumn almost into mv arms. ' I beg your pardon, ma'am, if I startled you,' said Mrs. Bracebridge, advancL^g out of the shadow with a large square of canvas in her arms ; ' you desired me to bring this for you to look at after-dinner — poor Miss Hilda's picture.' ?'Tiresome old woman !' '^thought, ' as if we had not had enough of Miss Hilda for one day ;' but the housekeeper was only obeying Lelgarde's orders, and I could say nothing, so we proceeded to look at portrait. We both exclaimed with surprise at seeing its unfinished state ; the drapery of the head and shoulders was merely sketched out, not coloured at alt. The face only was complete, and the hair again died away into indistinctness, in a way that gave a strange ghastly look to the features — high, delicate features, so like MissAtheling's, that the difference of expression was the more striking. For this was a gentle face, so sweet that one half forgave its utter weakness. I quite forgave it, when I thought of the hard, stern face hung in the hall, and recollected that Etheldreda was many years older than her sister, and had doubtless ruled her with a rod of iron all her days. The two faces seemed to me to tell their own story, and I could under stand how each sister had unconsciously helped to make the other what she had been. There was a brisht smile on the rjainted lios — a laueh in the pretty blue eyes ; and yet ' Poor young thing !' were the words which rose to my lips is I looked. ' Ah ! you may say that, ma'am,' responded Mrs. Bracebridge, with a sigh — rather a leading sigh, I thought, as if she longed to be asked what she was sighing for. Lelgarde did what answered the purpose, in exclaiming : ' What was this lovely picture never finished and framed ? And oh ! who could have done that?' For right across the canvas, barely sparing thelface, was a broad red splash of colour, as if an angry or careless hand had dashed aside a wet brush, not recking where it went ' Ah ! it is a long story, said the old woman, evidently dying to tell it ' If it is a doleful one, pray let it wait till to-morrow,' I said ; but Lelgarde waved me aside, impatiently, and, pointing to an arm chair. ' Then sit down and tell it, Mrs. Brace bridge,' she said, ' and let me pour you out a cup of tea meanwhile. You see,' she added, with her pretty graciousness, ' you belong so completely to this place, so much more than I do ; and whatever you know about the family, I think I ought to know : so please begin.' ' I will pour out the tea,' I said, and betook myself to the massive silver salver and teapot, much amused at Lelgarde taking the high moral tone, to choke any qualnisjof conscience at gratifying her curiosity by a'gossip'with the old servant. ' It is going on for seven-and-twenty years, ma'am, since Miss Atheling's portrait was taken and this one commenced,' Mrs. Brace bridge solemnly began, ' and the gentlemen as took both was a Mr. Hamilton, one of them artist gentleman from London. The old squire was living then, you are aware, ladies, and he had this young gentleman down tor the sum mer months — which many wondered as he liked to do so—to take the young ladies' por traits, and to give Miss Hilda lessons, and to make drawings about the place.' ' How old were my cousins at this time ?' Lelgarde asked from the shadowy comer where she sat intently listening. ' Let me see : Miss Alheling would have been over thirty, and Miss Hilda, I mind me, was just of age. I was lately come, then, my self, and was head housemaid under the old housekeeper — nurse, as she was mostly called, having nursed both the ladies, and the little brothers as died between.' 'Was she here, when I ? ' Lelgarde hesitated, knitting her brows as if in a painful effort to remember. ' She was, ma'am ; but she had then for some vears been Miss Hilda's attendant and Miss Atheling had been pleased to put me in her place, as housekeeper. I need not tell you ladies,' she went on, 'that there is, and always will be, gossip in the servants' hall, let the upper servants check it as they may ; and it was not long before we were all talking about Miss Hilda and Mr. Hamilton.' Lelgarde and I thought of the sketch-book, and exchanged glances. ' You see, Miss Alheling never seemed to think of Miss Hilda as anything but a child ; and sure she did look like it, and always took it as natural that she should be treated as such — she was so meek-spirited ; and certainly nothing, in a general way, could have hap pened to her, even to the altering of the way she dressed her hair, but what Miss Atheling should know of it. But just that summer it fell out that the squire began of the illness which carried him off later— some terrible complaint in his inside.' ' And Miss Atheling was with him a great deal, I suppose,' I said hastily, as the old woman seemed inclined to plunge into un pleasant details. ' Night and day, ma'am ; and all that time Mr. Hamilton was thought to be busy making bis sketches about the place, and Miss Hilda practising her music, and all that, in the room yonder, which was then called the schoolroom. But we servants, ma'am could have told a different tale.' ' It was a pity you did not,' said I virtu ously. ' It was nurse's place, ma'am, she being the housekeeper, not ours ; and the nurse could refuse nothing to Miss Hilda, not if it bad been a knife to cut her own throat, we often used to say. Well, the rights of it I cannot tell you, ladies, for I was never made acquainted with it ; but one day, it is -v»rtain that Miss Atheling came into the schoolroom, and found Mr. Hamilton painting hir sister's portrait, or, maybe, pretending to paint it ; and what passed I cannot say — for Miss Atheling was not one to make any noise about her anger ; but I met her in the hall, taking Miss Hilda to her 100m ; and her face, ladies — it was terrible.' ' And what happened ?' 'Mr. Hamilton left the house that very hour, and the portrait was huddled away in a lumber-room, and there it stayed till long, long afterwards. I saw it one day, in poor Miss Hilda's room, put away behind the cabinet ; I suppose nurse must have brought it down at her request, poor lady.' ' And what did my cousin do to her sister?' asked Lelgrade, with dilated eyes, as if she expebted to hear that she had tortured her. ' Her look was enough to cow Miss Hilda, ma'am, at any time ; beyond that, I never beard that the poor young lady was punished ; I am sure Miss Atheling's own wish was to keep it all from folk's knowledge, and especially the old squire. In the autumn they aU went to London for Mr. Atheling's health, and stayed away the old winter.' ' Did you go with them ?' ' No, ma'am, only Miss Atheling's maid, and one or two men-servants, as they stayed at a hotel. And nurse went too, and that was the beginning of her being about Viss Hilda ; for the maid, she had enough to do with help ing Miss Atheling attending upon the squire : oh ! he was a great sufferer.' {To be continued.) 