SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. -,> : % [BY TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) SOUTH AUSTRALIAN JOCKEY CLUB. MELBOURNE, SUNDAY-. The opening day of the South Australian Jockey Club Meeting, at Flemington, on Saturday, was favoured with weather superior to the finest day of the V. R. C. Spring Meeting. Every' corner of the course was as green as an emerald, and the grass on the lawn was not so long as to be a discomfort to those who liked to promenade between the acts. Amongst the visitors were his Excellency the Governor, Lady Loch and suite, and there was a large crowd in the paddock made up very largely of the W. R. C., from whom the institution in possession for the time received no benefit, The attendance in the other parts of the course was' that of an ordinary off day mooring at Flemington. In two of the events comprising the programme the fields were good, but in the three other races have horses were the maximum. Only three horses Silver King, The Broker, and Sandal saddled for the St. Leger, but the betting seemed to indicate that all three were looked upon with some favour. Silver King, who had already won two Legers, was backed at nearly every money, but in the opinion of many The backer would have beaten him in Sydney but for a stumble. The best odds against the chestnut was 6 to -4. Sandal made the pace, and with such effect that at one time it seemed improbable that either of the colts would catch her, but the South Australian mare, who was galloping low with a long and avon stride, kept the lead until the home turn was gained, when the pace told, and soon the other pair were ranged alongside. In the ice to the judge's box, Silver King at first looked like winning, but The Broker had most pace in reserve, and catching the favourite within 100 yards of the poRt, kept a bare head in advance for the rest of the journey. An interesting event was the Goodwood Handicap, it being the big race of the day, and for which exactly 20 I starters remained in. Amongst them Topaz was, as far as the betting indicates merit, considered the best. Iron- master, who won last year in the best time yet made for the race, has the advantage of a year in age and no odds ditional weight, but the horse was hardly light enough to excite any violent fancy for his chance, Esther offered odds of 100 to S plainly hinted. Alter 'lop, St. Lawrence and Lord Wilton received very fair support, but against anything else liberal odds were offered. With a light weight Lantara, who from the first was looked upon as having been most generously treated d by the handicapper, was backed to win a fair amount at Tattersall's on the night before The horse although rather too long in the limbs for a model, looked about unionist to make 6st. 10lb. n feather weight in a mile race-had the good fortune to get clear of the ruck, too, for the instant the word "go"' was given he went away with a bound, and was never caught again, and won easily by three lengths. AB the South Australian gold the placed horses, it cannot be said that the racing men of that colony lost much through the event being run on Flemington. Lantern has won several minor races in South Australia, but this is the first time that he has gained a prominent position in a big race. Whatever chance Topaz had he lost by delay at the start, and the fault cost him over a dozen lengths. He was with the leaders against halfway round, but after that he was never seen in the front rank. The Sires' Produce Stakes was simply a question of which of the three Gang Forward youngsters was best. The public settled the matter beforehand by unanimously selecting Sir T. Elder's filly Juanita, who was banked at the odds of 4 to 1 on her. Eighteen horses made all excellent Hold for the ilnalovont-tho Victoria Handicap. Appended are the results : FIRST Huiuimt flxci:-Aboul 2 miles. Mr. A. Ferguson's br g Sir Patrick, list. 121. Ferguson) ... 1 Mr. M. 1'. Wliltte>,«bhOlfl8ont,0»l. MR. (M'LEOD) . 2 Mrs. G. Talbot'sch gKchei, 9st. 10lb. (Lanigan) 3 There were two other starters. Betting : 2 to 1 v. Old Soul ; 45 to 20 v. Echo ; 3 to 1 v. Sir Patrick ; 6 to 1 v. Gasalier. This event was won by a neck. Time, 4 minutes 29 seconds. ST. LEGER STAKES mile and 132 yards. Mr. A. Ualinbourgh'» ch c The Broker, 8st. 10lb. (Saunders).., 1 Mr. J. Wilson, jun.'s b c Silver King, Bet. 10lb. (Moore ... 2 Mr. W. Gordon's oh of bands], Bat. 7th. (Gaghnnj.S Betting: 14 to 16 v. ' Silver King, 6 to 4 v. The Broken, 3 to 1 v. Sands). the race was won by a head. Time, 3 minutes 21 i seconds. GOODWOOD HANDICAP mile. Mr. W. Crozier's br gLuntcin, 6st. 12 lb. (Nicholson). 1 Mr. K. V. WuVi ch h Lord Wilton, 7st. iib Mr. J.G. Field's ch Kibe Ghost, but. 111. S The other starters were Kingwood, 8st. 12 lb. ; Middle murch, Sht Site. ; St. Lawrance, Sat. 2lb. ; Alphabet, St. j Anchorite, 8st. ; Hazard, 7ft. 121. ; Kingship, 7st. 10lb.; St. John, 7st. Dib. ; Topaz, 7st. 6th. ; Buonno, 7st. 7lb. ; Umberto, 7st. 6lb. ; Pailleroo, 7st. 4lb. ; Carbuncle, 7st. 8lb. ; Ironmaster, 7nt. ; Marie Louise, 7st ; Union, Cat. 616 and Berkeley, opt. 41. c Betting : 100 to BO v. Topaz. 6 to 1 v. St. Lawrence, 8 to 1 v. Lord Wilton, 10 to 1 v. St. John and Lantern, 12 to 1 v. Middlomnrch, Duenna, need Uncas, 100 to S v. Iron- master, 20 to 1 v. Ringwood, Hazard, The Ghost, and Marie Louise. The race was won easily by three lengths. Time, 1 minute 44 seconds. ends' PRODUCE STAKIM--} mile. Sir T. Elder's b I Julius, 6st. 12lbs., including 7lb. penalty (Within). 1 Mr. S. G. Cook's ch h Jointly, Bit. 7lb. (St. Albans) 2 2s. A. R. Robertson's br: The Feather, 8st. 10lb. (Gallagher) 3 Betting: 4 to 1 on Joanna. The event was won by three lengths. Time, 1 minute 20 seconds. ' VicTORIA HANDICAP mile. Mr. S. Miller's br m Pretty, 8st. Jib. (Olde) . 1 Mr. 8. Orlmwood'B br h Meander, 8st. 4lb. (J. Williams) ... 2 Mr. J. Whittingham's br m Honora, 7st. 7lb, (Tralinnj 3 Tlieroiworo leather starters. Betting : 6 to 1 (at him) and 8 to 1 v. Meander, 5 to 1 v. Meerschaum, 8 to 1 v. Sale, 10 to 1 v. Surprise and Pyretto, 12 to 1 v. Aco, Honora, and Miss Merlin. The race was won by half a length. Time, 49 seconds. Consequent on Lantern's easy victory, he is a warm favourite for the Adelaide Cup, and 4 to 1 has been accepted for a lot of money. Sardius is next at 100 to la for _bu00, and Prometheus at 10 10 1 is booked, to win the same amount. Plausible, Lord Wilton, and Conjecture are quiet at 10 to 1 offered, and Anchorite is backed at 100 to 7 to win a large amount 