POETRY. THE BUSHMAN. Here am I stretched, in careless ease, Outside my hut in this strange old wood; The magpie chatters somewhere in the trees, And the curlew pipes in its dreariest mood; The passion-flower's clinging leaves inter- lace As a screen from the glare of the setting sun, While phantoms of old flit past my face With the old year's hours dying out one by one. Wattle-tree perfumes fall thick on the sense, And accasia blossoms whiten the ground, While the silence around me, growing intense, Would lap my soul in a langour pro- found, Save for the mosquetoes' unwelcome hum, Fanning their fires as the day grows cool, Or the "muffled monotones" that come From a haunt of frogs in a neighbouring pool. The forest is peopled with stiff stark forms, That stare me like sentries in the face-- Not men, but grim weird trees the storms Have thrown together devoid of grace— And parasites climb the bald smooth sides, Hanging their tendrils from every bough, Like my present life, that scantly hides The ghosts of hope that are ended now. "Friends?" I had troops in my younger days— At least they appeared to be so to me— They augured my future with smiles and praise, Faithful and steadfast they promised to be-- But now, like a withered leaf lightly whirled By the wind from some far-off flourishing stem, I am blotted wholly out of their world, My very name is forgotten by them. "Books?" Ah, well! I am not the dunce You may think me now, prosaic and slow— Grave or gay, I loved them once, And they quickened my pulses long long ago— But useless now as these ringed old gums, To cheer or shade they have lost the art— As vinegar upon nitre comes The singer of songs to a worn-out heart. I was one time tempted to drown in drink The regrets that haunted me from the past— But the fiend was conquered—I could not link, Remorse to the shadows around me cast— Hardly dealt with I think at times, I'll keep the innermost shrine unstained, Hoping still that more generous climes May in God's universe yet be gained. Aims, that formed the romance of youth— Hopes, that stirred me in earlier life— The yearnings for undiscovered truth, With which my boyish days were rife— The thirst to rise, excel, command— Seem only now to provoke a smile, As I take my felling axe in my hand, And hack at the forest with ceaceless toil. Now for my pipe. The dying sun Darts its last rays through yon old she-oak; And the phantoms vanish, one by one, Before the ascending wreaths of smoke. I have done an honest day's work, God knows, And when I turn in, and go to sleep, All I ask for is deep repose In dreamless slumbers my soul to steep. 