1, i r" :Iri Divers Places. Br s SEa.ScaB,. Thea strangest of the numberless stories I hare, heard from old divers was the relation of what happened to a man whose time, he h said, had been much of it spent under water. h We met on Christmas Eve, during a journey th in a second-class carriage, and the story he told me and the only two other passengers in pr the compartment appears incredible I There are, however, the two other persons to vouch th for the facts, only, unfortunately, as they Bt were perfect strangers tome. I have not their names and addresses. But as he offered to take me down to the spot and show me what so01 he had seen--uppesing the circumstances to w remain the came-I can hardly dare to cast m discredit on his experience, particularly as I declined to take the measure he proposed to assure me of the truth of his story. I had ne better give it in his own words- "'Twern't long since," said he, "I were an engaged to go down to a ship what was said to have lot of old silver dollars aboard her, a" and the party as wanted me wished the job done of a night, and I were furnished with a 'lectric light to take down with me, asit was P" thought I might make more discoveries by da that than by daylight. Well, down I went, not and soon landed on the deck. The vessel lay to npright, but everything had been washed it' away, so that the cabin could be entered by thc the opening where the skylight was. As it wa was there that the specie was expected to be mc found. I at once made aft-having come on tiv board at the bows. The main hatchway was in0 open, and turning my lamp to shine down it, at the deck was in shade, when I was startled his to see a faint gleam coming up out of the Du cabin lights. However, I thought, ''Ti. only Ha the bulkhead is broke away, and the light of we my lamp coming up through the water.' I Ro turned my light towards the bows. but still fro the same gleam came from the cabin. This wa seemed queer, and I thought it might be Ev what they call prosperpeasant light-or some go0 such name-and might come from dead es; bodies. Now for they sort o' things. I'd seen da: too many to feel queer of "em, so up I goes to hot the cabin light. What I sees there beats all thi I ever sees afore or since; and though I were 1 a bit scared at first, I son goot all right, and hot took good notice of what I saw. This is what Yo it were- val "Roand the cabin table were three men- wh the captain, as I supposed, at the head. They his didn't 'look exactly alive, and yet they did. an, Each of them shone with the light I was tell. c, ing you of, so I could see them quite plain. en Each of 'em had a glass of grog by him. and eec they was playing at some game with cards. in Well, thinks I, this is a rum go. to be sure. ter But, not being afeard--'cs it ain't my nature wh to-I watched 'em for some time, till I got hai so set on the game they was playing, that I cas clean forg?t the work I was goae down for. It They was playing a game of betting on one n. card out of three, and the bets was all in ,l hard silver dollars. The sight of these re- bil minded me, at last, of myduty, and Ithinks wi to myself, ' Counters, my lads, will be good tut enough for you to play with, so I'll have them th: dollars; and I don't fancy you can stop me.' in, To be sure, there was no counters to be got ma there-only the * counter' of the ship, and Tb that weren't no use by itsel-bnt I thought I wI would act honest by them, as I alway has, va and bring them down a stock of counters in a the day or two, and that delay couldn't matter fot to folk who had all eternity to play in. ea But, as it turned out, I managed the affair ,w differently, for as I entered the cabin, mc the captain he asks me to take a hand, At quite pleasant like, and 'Bill,' says he to hib one of the others, 'get out a glass, and the vo ram;' which he did. Yea, it was rum, as hi yoa say, gents. So down I sits attable, and in, there we was, four men-or one man and three ghosts, which you like-just as it might be us four as is sitting here now, barring being three of us spirits-though, gents, if either ' of you has a drop of spirit in a flask, it would qo help on a dry throat at this talking. Thank a ye. "ye Well, as I were saying, I sat down, and de this was the game. Each one in turn took a0 three cardsfrom the pack--showed what they m were, and then shuffled them, and threw re them face down on the table. One of the tb others then bet which was the highest card, th and if he won the dealer paid him, and if he w, lost he paid the dealer. I had a rare run of AV lnck, for you see, 'twas asimple sort of game, and I guess that one live man is more than a match for three dead ones ! I soon cleared U out their pockets, and the cap. brought out a large box full of dollars from his state room, and at it we went again. Ic " Well, to make a long story short. I won I their bottom dollar, and then we was obliged a to stop. They didn't like it, but took it fe quiet like, and made me promise to come m soon again and give them their revenge. Did w I! No, Idon't rightly remember that Idid. d' So we shook hands, friendly, and I went up t1 on deck-with the dollars, you may be sure i -and as I passed the open skylight, I saw f them all lying on the lockers in the cabin, 1 just like a lot of corpses. My movementsh Jiciarbing the water, made them roll a bit, " .and it looked as if they was stirring in their ,s!eep. !How did I secure the dollars! Well, 0 there's seerets, they say, in all trades, and if an old diver can't go deep enough into 'emr, I should like to know who could ! At any rate, I squared my employer with a story that rhen I searched the vessel (which, you know, i I never did) I didn't find any dollars, and that I could take my bible oath that there Wasn't a single dollar on board at that mo maant-which was true as gospel-and he n took it all down like a hoyster; and here's ?oe of the dollars, as I keeps in remem- a brance, which also goes to prove the fact. f "Now, gents, wasn't that as queer a sort a of experiene as could be for a man to have ' And, for my part, all I can say is that it seas very queer. Now, gents," continued the diver, "I dare say as you has a sort of curiosity to see what sort of game it was wa played in that cabin, not to speak of feeling wishful to play with a man as had taken a band at earda with three corpses : so if either I of yon happens to have a pack of cards about you, I'll just show you the sort of game it Due of the other men said he hadl a pack in s s byg, so he got it ,t, ad l thle diver takes .hree cards, a knave and two' otiers, "Hro they are-lccok a: 'em well" he says. "ald watch ie espread 'em on this cushion. There. no, I bet either of you yoo won't pick ont the clort card--I'll lay a quid you dont " . The man who lent tihe pak took. the bet and won, but the diver obj-.ted, as hemight have some private mark on the hacls of the comrt cards m his pack. However. thoth er man was equally .ucces.ful. and when I tried my luck I won two or three times, sad then a bad run set in, and I lost ogain and again, and might have lost more, Ibotitt we stopped at the station, where, it so happened, allmy three fellow travellers got out, Just one sentnce more before I conclude thias true hitory On my arrival in London. Itald my tle 'and the diver's story to a ?it-erary friend and although a sailor has to put up with many hard blows, I think I ver. got ao hard a one as he gave me. "Why, s ays he, that divng story was allgot u to intoudice the well.ha.oaa three 'arm trick to a flat, gnd the other two men were ' bonnets,' and you, you son of a sea cook, wern jut well bonnetlis i" 