PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH. AT tho district meeting in Brisbane last Fri- day it was decided that thc annual conference should take place at Rockhampton The Missionary Executive will sit at Rockhampton next year. Mr. S. W. Hartley will be the treasurer, and thc Rev. W. Powell secretary. Rev. W. Powell, Rockhampton, gave an interesting account of the work done at the mission stations. At Toowoomba, their most southern station, they had, he believed, scvctal churches. They ha.d gathered in a number of congregations and societies and Sunday schools, and there was an urgent request for a second minister. With regard to Laidley station, during the post year some four churches had been erected, and they had been placed in easy circumstances. Going over the mountains to Caboolture, they found that the Primitive Methodist Church was showing vigour and prosperity. The member- ship and the congregation had inoreased, and the prospecta of «tat station were much mare cheering than they were twelve months ago. Then they came to Gympie, which had been for a long time hanging upon th« hands of the missionary executive of this district. They Gympie, hut he was happy to tell them that there was a crowded church, and their friends had been considering the necessity for en- larging tile church. Not only that, but they had a very flourishing Sunday school there. This station, which was formerly so largely dependent upon thc Missionary Society, was now self supporting. Turning to Maryborough he had to inform them that the income de- rived from there was more than double what it used to be ; thc membership had more than doubled, and the children attending thc Sunday school had trebled in number. Another station had been formed in the Burroin district with good prospects, further north, at Rockhampton, they had eighteen preaching stations, and they hod obtained sanction to bring out a second minister. They would then have four preachers in the district. There had been an increase during the past year of nearly 200 children in the Sunday schools. The Mount Morgan district, which had been brought so prominently before thc public on account of the gold discoveries there, hod been formed into a Btation, and by thc end of the year be hoped to see a substan- tial church erected iu that district. Going up the line they bod some twenty preaching stations, and these extended for about 200 miles. Their preachers were being every- where well received. From 1'ine flill the most distant of these stations, he would take them to Blackall, a distance of 200 miles by coach. The work in that district was most encouraging, and a small church hod been formed for what was called the city of the west. Having alluded to the healthy state of religious life at some of the smaller places in that district, which he hod personally visited. Mr. Powell said they had already been in- formed as to the state of the Church in Char- ters Towers, and ho would speak about Mackay. That district had been passing through a very severe depression, but the Primitive Methodists had pro- perty there worth £1000. They had a fairly prosperous church and a good Sunday school. There were several preach- ing stations round about Mackay where thc word of God was listened to eagerly. With regard to Cairns, the prospects did not seem to be so good as they had been. But that promised to be a very thriving place-a second Townsville-and they bad last year bought two allotments for a church for £50, which would now, if placed in thc market, realce £700. What they wanted for Cairns was a young mau full of the Holy Ghost und fire. At Herberton and Watsonville he be- lieved they would have a flourishing circuit. There was no other Protestant minister at Herberton than thc one of their own de- nomination. At Cooktown the state of thc Church was very low, although they had got a church there which coet £700, and there was only a debt of £150 upon it. That was a brief outline of the work they were en- deavouring to do in thc colony. What they most especially wanted was more ministers. They wanted them for such places as Clou curry, where, he believed, no minister of thc Gospel had ever visited. They wanted men to win many souls. The harvest was great, but tile labourers were few. some year» ago at 