OOP DAY, attendance estimated at 130,000. The Melbourne Cap of 1SS3 may be said to have eclipsed the gaiety of all previous racing carnivals in the Australian colonies, and indeed it is a moot question whether it will cot vie on very equal terms with the Epsom a nil Goodwood meetings, of which the old world is so justly proud. The scene at Fleming toil. Tuesday, was one of great magnificence. The weather was beautifully tine, and although warm, It was nevertheless uncommonly pleasant and agreeable for outdoor amusement. I he arrangements were of a most satisfactory character, acd the attendance is roughly approximated at 130.000, which is a considerable advance upon hist year. His Excellency the Governor diove out to the course tarly «n the afternoon, in company with Lady I.och and famiiy, his Excellency Sir ilitam RobiLson. th" Governor of South Australia, MLs Lohinmu, his Excellency Sir F. Napier Broome, the Governor of Western Australia, Admiral Tryon, the Commodore of the British fleet on the Australian station, and a large party, which was received on the lawn l.y Mr, Byron oore and tbe stewards of the Victoria Racing Club. The appoint ments for the comfort of the visitors were as compete as it was possible for human ingenuity to make, and the care and attention of the secretary of the club were greatly appreciated by the public. The Australian Military Band, under the direction of Signor Zelman, played a select and attractive programme of music during the intervals bet wt eu the races, and templed a large and distinguished concourse of people to leave the shelter of the sr:i:,d btii d ud promenade in tlu r; m-te v\ remi'.ies of the beautiful Uwn. Alto- g-i»ier 'tie meeting was one "f the most successful ami remarkable ever heid at Fivmiogtou. THE ROAD. The "sight" of the day (apart from the course) is the road between the City and Fiemington, And, what a signt it is ' E >r!y in the morning tbe only occupants of the road are the men busily engaged in watering it, but long ere their task is completed, the tide sets In, and the stream of vehicular and pedestrian traffic com mences to flow. With wonderful rapi dity the steam augments as the morn advances, and ere noon has arrived it is a swollen torrent, bank high, rushing onward with irresistible impetus. A wtivdeiful leveller Is the road, acd to the iru y democratic mind it muss form a peculiar study. Here, iu very truth, Jack, for the nonce, is as good as hi- master, and u»M be knows it. What cares he for the majestic wave of the giovad hand as the blase driver of the crowded drag motions him to one side. Does he go to one side, not he. He has got a place, and will keep it, and with his hat oh the hack of his head, aud breathiug defiant smo&e; from his threepenny," cracks his whip, and away, with outstretched neck, goes his little pony, keeping provekingly to the front. " Precedence in place of rank" is his motto for the day, and loyal1 y he adheres to it. He has, however, big rivals ia the field in the furniture van and cumbersome lotry, who, although they cannot emulate his pace, are content to take np as much road as they like, and defy ; iu to come iuto con tact with them, which recurrence uould play sad havoc with him, and do the -vt eis but little barm. His position, in fact, would be something analogous to that of the cow who planted herself firmly, and tried to stop the express train. With the bon m >><> on such & day as Tuesday, the favourite tcute is decidedly that by road, for it hlps to a very great extent the pageantry they so much desire, and for which, indeed, double human nature nas such a weakness t is on the road that they can turn "ut their elegant equipages, and tool treir splendid teams, which excite so much admiration by the way and— envy. A very fine sight it is to see a drag well horse. i, a good whip on the box, and carrying a bril liant freight of fair ones, witii their chaj>erorwst the ladies, wi hout fear of the well-laid dust, allowing their magnificent toilettes to see the light of day, and to be seen. The surely and well-appointed carriages, to 0. form a feature iu tbe procession, carrying those whose faces are inaicative of thorough en joyment and expectation. It is cot, how ever, in the palace only that happiness is to be found, nor is it iu the elegant vehicle that gay parties are to be seen. hat jollier parties are there on the load than those who are seated in the spriug.cart, the furniture van, or on the lorry. The vory abandon with which they enjoy themselves is in itself refreshing. They sing, joke, and exchange badinages without restraint to their heart's content ; and if some < f t hem have obly a few shillings' interest in forth coming events, they experience just as keen an excitemeut in thetn ss those who have latger purees, and feel perhaps less anxiety. None but a good driver should essay the charge of a horse Mid vehicle along the road upon such a day> and the truth of this assertion was forcibly exemplified, Tuesday, by Indict ous difficulties in which some amateur jehus found themselves, One Who "drove" » tandem getting several times thoroughly bewfldrred at the strange behaviour of the leader who evinoed a determination to face htm and argue the point. An old proverb hat it that "a burden well borne becomes light," bat the chances are that if the cab horses on Tuesday Could speak, they would show but very little appreciation for it. Ic was a day for cabby, and he thoroughly availed himself of it. He, for the tune being, deserted bis well beaten route, and went on the job business," which proved a good one indeed, rendering him what he always is when he has the opportunity — a dictator in the market of fares. A goodly number travelled a cheval to the course, but horsemen do not figure so conspicuously at race time as they used to do some years ago. It might be mentioned that the 'buses secured a large share of patronage. It was a source of great comfort to find he thoroughfares along the route to the course well watered, aB under other circum stances the drive would have proved most distressing. It is, however, to be regretted that the avenue leading up to the stand was not sufficiently watered. The roadway there is very poor, and dense clouds of dust were raised as the vehicles went to or from the stand enclosure. THE RAIL. The railway was very largely patronised by all classes who preferred that rapid and easy method of locomotion to the allurements offered by the road. The traffic was carried through splendidly and without hitch, the arrangements being excellent. At the course they were under the charge of Mr. Moore, district traffic superintendent, who did all possible to meet the great demands made upon the resources of the department. THE SCENE AT FLEMINGTON. Nowhere in the world could the scene at Flemington be surpassed at few plaees could it be equalled. It was a magnificent picture. There were larger gatherings of the people at Epsom and Doncaster, but the surprising features of the Melbourne Cup day are the absence of obtrusive rascaldom, and the presence of a huge assemblage of happy and contented .looking, well-nourished and well dressed "working" men and women. Emphatically the day is a people's day, and the scene one of which the Victorian and Australian people may well be proud. Human feeling has been likened to the mighty river blessing the earth. It does not wait for beauty, but flows with resistless force and brings beauty along with it. And thus the feelings of a nation are to be judged. Forced onwards in the great battle of life, working at high pressure, always tuned to concert pitch, the Victorians seek relief from monotonous toil at the great racing carnival ; and what appears to us' the best side of the week's doings is the opportunity afforded for family and friendly re-unions, hearty hand shakings, and a general looking up of old acquaintance for "Auld Lang Syne." In the grand stand were, Tuesday, assembled representatives of the wealth, talent, and beauty of the colony. On the lawn all hononr was being paid to beauty of form far more frequently met with in the ladies of Victoria than in less favoured regions. Behind, on the hill, stood a patient and thoroughly interested multitude. Below in the saddling paddock were the hoarse- voiced bookmakers. And on the flat there was a promiscuous assemblage of the less well-to-do, the ne'er do-well, and the noisier and less trustworthy pencillers. ft cannot but be beneficial to the colony that once a year all the elements going towards the composition of society shonld thus meet ; for in the life garments we weave for ourselves our broader sympathies are in danger of being lost sight of, if not alto gether forgotten. On Tuesday statesmen and wool kings, great merchants and lawyers, professional men, representatives of the church and the stage, met each other, and for one brief afternoon could throw aside their prejudices and fears. The lower grand stand could not accommodate one-half the people who desired to shelter from the sun ; and the upper stand, which commands a splendid view of the entire course, was so well patronised that there were more promenaders on the lawn than ever before. The grass was not worn by the tramp of the many feet who had passed over it on Derby Day. The flower beds near the carriage paddock bloomed with all the rich splendour of an Australian summer, and the sound of the falling water in the fountain was as sweet music in the ears oi: the promenaders. The Railway Stakes and the Kensington Stakes did not appear to interest the occupants of the grand stand so much as the hill folk. Bronzed faces from up-country settlements looked on at every race with an intensity of interest, which was not to be lessened by the heat of the day, or diverted by the movements oi the fashionable crowd at their feet. It was interesting to notice that when they did unbend they chiefly talked of the events of the day. A few took advantage of the luncheon hour, and relinquished places selected with care very early In forenoon. They turned to the promenade behind, where the flower garden was brilliant with the vivid colours of the mesembryanthemum and the gazania. Here, reclining at their ease under shady trees and listening to the music of a good band, luncheon was 44 served " on a less elaborate scale than in the carriages, but none the less comfortable and comfort- giving. There were a few interruptions. Bookmakers besought custom, and invitee intending aspirants for pastime to try their luck, but the men of the hill seemed to have already invested all the cash they intended to. On the flat there were a number of londly- dressed betting men, who succeeded ih engaging attention by strange devices, to which they were evidently well accustomed. But, on the whole, the crowd there, as elsewhere, was thoroughly well behaved, and hardly any . police interference was found necessary. Simultaneously the " scratch ings" for the Cup and the other race notices were posted on hill and pad dock. It was in the latter they were most eagerly scanned. Not a sign of trifling, no easy, holiday-making look was to be semi on the set faces of the men who gathered round the indicating board. The people in the grand stand, who bad not brought luncheon with them, had to scramble through the luncheon provided as best they conld. When, at 3 o'clock, the bell rang for the Hurdle Race, the bill was one mass of human life ; every sel ; in the grand stands, and every coign of vantage / 1 rom which a view of the finish could be- obtained, Was ocetipied. - Across, tin ihfe sloping banks tif the Saltwater River, many hundreds bad Camped otit, and the view from the . side ot the , course was something to be remembered. When one got away from the crowd it was then possible to recognise its vasfcness better than on any previous occasion. In great serried rows the people stood on the hill, patiently awaiting the appearance of the Cup horses. For half au hour it jyas with difficulty that passage to and fro in parts of the grand stand could 3e secured. The Voices of the bookmakers grew hoarser, and more loudly de monstrative than before, the faces of the men in the saddling paddock became more set, groans and looks were exchanged, hurried words passed from group to group. On the grand stand an ait of expectancy prevailed $ and on the lawn, those who had oeen promenading with light steps in the earlier part of the day grew almost nervous in their anxiety. After half-past 3 o'clock the excitement increased until the race was over, and it was just the same on the flat. Everything seemed to be forgotten in the interest of the moment. The progress of civilisation has brought men curiously near each other. Barriers which formerly existed have been swept away, and Tuesday, at that supreme moment men and women of all classes participated in the excitement. Ladies rose and waved their handkerchiefs as the Cup horses were being paraded, gentlemen cheered, and the " knowing ones" in their excitement rashly hazarded statements that 44 Nordenfeldt was a moral," or " Grace Darling a foregone conclusion." Some little difficulties oc enrred at the start, but in fairlj good time the field of thirty-five were got off ; and then there came the roar of excitement when the horses flashed past the grand stand — a roar which could be heard two miles away. For Flemington is a combination of Epsom and Goodwood, and the £. 8. d. at stake makes men forget the proprieties. The most 44 select" in the great assemblage were interested, and they did not hesitate about showing it. The race, from start to finish, was watched with the closest interest by all. The finish was close and exciting. Cheer after cheer was raised as, almost in a body, the horses were steered along the straight for home. Decidedly Grace Darling was a very popular fancy, and a large number believed in her chances up to the last. As the horses turned into the straight, Sheet Anchor was in front, and running strongly, came in a winner by a head. The upper grand stand was almost deserted a few minutes after the 'results of the race were posted ; and gradually the immense attendance In the grand stand diminished in numbers until the programme was con cluded. The remaining races were finished in good time, and the 130,000 people who bad assembled on the course for the day were safely conveyed home. THE START. The Melbourne - Cup Race of 1S85 will soon hie decided. It is « quarter to 4, and no fewer than thirty-five horses are being saddled for the grat event. Crowds of connoisseurs are gathering round Norden feldt, Brown and Rose, Trenton, Grace Darling, Liverpool, First Chester, Sheet Anchor, Blink Bonny, and others, to scan them closely for the last time before they " toe the scratch." Myriads of anxious eyes are turned in the direction away "over the tan," whence this large field has to make its departure, and whither the animals are ndw pacing. The clerk of the course, on his white steed, has reached the four-furlong distance, and Mr. Watson, with red flag in hand, is following on his little cob in a canter. The course is clear, the last sweepstake is drawn, and the professional betting men, as the all- important moment draws nigh, yell out with increased vigour and agitation their final wager. What an anxious moment it is for many ! Voices are heard all round one ex claiming that the Cup winner will be known in less than five minntes. Quite true, but what an invaluable piece of information to know the winner now ! No one can foresee the result, and in an almost inappre ciable space ' of time, fortunes will be lost and won. The news will be despatched, also, before long, to all parts of Europe and Australia, and there will be some rejoicing and much sorrowing. But the start has not yet been negotiated. There is a remarkable stillness pervading the atmosphere, and the immense gathering at Flemington is waitiog with keen attention for the 44 go " of the starter. As when the mighty bull comeB rushing out oi the torie, " ail hearts are beating high" with expectation, hope, desire, and Mr. Watson is putting his field in order. Kit Nubbles is standing quietly on the inside, but Trenton, the fifth in order, wants to get away. Pegasus-like, he now bounds off before the order is given. The other animals are comparatively quiet, and there is no striking incident. _ But one or two of the riders on the inside are seeking to have some advantage, and are seen to urge their steeds over the line. Mr. Watson, with quick eye, observes the little game from the off side, and at once calls out, " Fine that man with the black cap." "What are yon higgling about ? " " Get back to your place you— !" 44 Fine this fellow, with the yellow band, two sovereigns." Mr. Watson is about to return to the off side, from which the word of command is given, when the agitation amongst the horses is again noticed. "Now, yon see, you are edging on directly I go away." 44 I suppose you want a quarter of a mile start ?" Can't you keep quiet ! " It is a pretty sight to look along the line as the horses now stand, their heads erect, nostrils expanded, and hocks well bent under them, 44 straining upon the start." The noble animals themselves seem to know that they are about to engage in an encounter, and their blood is up. The riders, in their jackets of flashing colours, lend extra brilliancy to the seene as they sit in the pigskin, with the sinews of their legs at full tension, their backs bent, their eyes upon the starter, and their ears atten tively open to catch the word "go." Thirty- five horses are the largest number that ever started for the Melbourne Cup, and should tthere |be a few false starts, the ; animals will become so restive Hbhat Mr. Watson will soon find it a difficulfc task to get them Sway nicely. It will not do, ; then, td keep them lohg In waiting, and j i so he runs his fey.fe (prickly along the i line once more, adjusts d few of theiri, and in a most unexpected tnomeht sftotite out, "Go!" and "They're off! they're off 1" resounds through the crowd-rthe words being uttered by everyone, uncon sciously, as it were— and the horses, like meteors, shoot forward with lightning speed. The start was a very good one, the rime occupied in bringing it about being little over a minute. All the animalB got well away, unimpeded by any obstacle. Lesbia and Arsenal were taken slightly by surprise, and were the only ones which fell back a little. THE CUP WINNER. Sheet Ancbofj Who, by passing the judge first, gratified feW and disappointed many, is a fine Upstanding aged brown horte, by St. Albans out of Queen Mary, and owned by Mr. M. Loughlin, of Ballarat, whose colours are white, green stripes, and scarlet cap. He has been engaged in many contests, and at times has been highly popular amongst the public, but yesterday's Qup was his first great win. At three years, in Tasmania, he was second in the Catrlck Plate, two miles and a distance, with 7&t.; 91b,, being beaten by Stockdale, carrying the same weight. At the same age he was nowhere in the Launceston Cup, one mile and three-quarters, with 6st 91b., and was in a similar position in the Turf Club Handi cap in the same year. Improving in his fourth year, Sheet Anchor was second in the Campania Plate (one and three- quarter miles), won by Barb j third in the Launceston Cup (one and three- quarter miles), won by Rhesus ; at Hobart he was nowhere in the Hobart Cup (one and three-quarter miles), won by The Assyrian ; third in the Derwent Plate (one and a half miles), won by The Assyrian ; second in the Consolation Stakes (one mile), won by Don Quixote ; at Deloraine he was second in the Handicap (one and three-quarter miles), won by Pride of the Hills ; and second in the Flying Handicap (three-quarters of a mile), won by Bonnie Scotland. At five years he was still in Tasmania, and there was third in the Colebrook Plate, won by First Light. At Hobart he was nowhere in the Hobart Cap, one mile and three quarters, won by King of the Vale ; second in Gooclwood Stake, won by Queen ; won the President's Cup and Free Handicap at the same meeting; wontheLauncestonCup, beating King of the Vale and Blink Bonny ; was nowhere in the T.C. Handicap, won by Hobart ; third in the Birthday Cup, won by Blink Bonny ; won the Elwick Handicap, one mile and a quarter, beating Prodigal and Qneen. In the V.R.C. autumn meeting, being six years old, he was third- in the Newmarket Handicap, won by Coronet ; second in Australian Cap, two miles and a quarter, won by Ringwood. At Rand- wick, in the autumn, he was nowhere in the Doncaster Handicap, one mile, won by St. Lawrence ; nowhere in the Sydney Cup, won by Normanby ; nowhere in the City Handicap, one mile and a half, won by Merlin ; nowhere in the Place Handicap, won by Moonshee. At Flemington winter meeting, he was nowhere in the Grand National Hurdles, three miles, won by The Agent ; and at the Spring Meeting, 1885, he astonished all bat his backers by winning the Melbourne Cap, eclipsing all previous performances, and beating the record for time. THE RACE FOR THE LUNCH. An entrance fee of 5s. entitled any oi the frequenters of the stand to a chance in the great race for the lunch. Thousands of acceptors made their appearance, and before the Hurdle Race commenced pouring into the extensive rooms beneath the stand. In one continuous surging stream they flowed in, and made glad the heart of the caterer. Settling down into seats the fortunate ones smiled that comfortable smile that whispered of a hunger soon to be appeased. Meanwhile the surplus of the lunchfers, seatless, waited for their turn, and whilst they gazed upon the luckier first-comers, they had the selfish consolation of being very much in the way oi the waiters, 44 Waiter, bring me a little turkey and ham." " Here waiter, let us have some knives and forks." 41 Waiter ! Waiter ! ! Waiter ! ! !" rose from a hundred men in various tones, in dignant, menacing, commanding, and im ploring. But the stolid waiter went upon his way, turning neither to the right hand nor to the left, but firmly carrying out his fixed resolve to give tongue to him who clamoured, for ham, and jelly to him who had demanded turkey. The waiters were impressed with a proper sense of their dignity and the opportune cir cumstance which made them masters of the situation, and their guests the men who waited. The suffering and abused race of attendants had for one brief day a glorious revenge. They had got a domineering public on the hip, and they fed fat the ancient grudge they bore them. 44 Will you get this lady and myself some apple. pie ?" mildly enquired a gentleman who had been feasting on bread, salad, and bottled stout. Presently, the waiter passed bearing the desired pie. Eagerly the gentleman made ready to grasp the prize. But, no ! the piedish was but a Tantalus flash. 44 1 have nothing to do with that side of the table," sternly replied the pie-bearer, and with the speed of a Sheet Anchor making bis final effort, waiter and pie were gone. Fortune having at last sent a pie to the couple referred to, an onslaught was abont to be made upon it, when the self-same waiter, searching the horizon for more pie, was about to seize it ; but the gentleman, however, in gentle, bat firm manner, waved him back, and placing his hand firmly upon the paste and point of conten tion, exclaimed, 44 No, Sir; yott have nothing to do with this side of the table." Soon an idea seemed to strike the great body of lnnchers. Remembering the Grand Duchess's philosophical advice— if we can't get what we like, we must like what we i have — the crowd commenced operations on what they could get, and were happy. ThelFKimger "'was- - apj&a; various things were not aUotfdd' to stend1 upon the usual bill of fare orderol tbeirgoibg, 1 but went at once. The disappointed w'&'i'g; 1 cheated of their. revenge, saW that a holiday j public declines to. bend to hireling power, j and went sadly but Swiftly, about to get the j liquofa, Which wefe chafgdd extra. The j race for rii& ftffrch was finished in excellent j style and good tinfie,- and though at starting i it looked as if the walte# tfottld have it all his own way, the hungry pbblic Gafnte with a grand rash, and finished hands dowil, THE RACING. Iunetuaily to the appointed time the bell rang out to commence preparations for the opening event of the da v. the Railway Stakes, ana 'the freblic, guided by the running for the Derf>y, were not slow in recognising the South Australian reptv tentative, Isonomy, who quickly installed a very warm favour ite, The result proved that the estimation in which the son of Winter- lake was . held was quite justified, for he fairly smothered- bis opponents for pace in the ran home, and won very easily trom First Frince, who managed to beat Baron Necker for second honours. The withdrawals for the Kensington Stakes were pretty numerous, the presence of Maddelina having the effect of discouraging the ownet's of most of those engaged, and only half a doten youngsters had the temerity to oppose her. As might be ex pected, Mr. Watson's filly had a host of admirers, who were so enamoured of her chance that they did not hesitate to freely lay the odds of 6 to 4 on her. Getting well away at the start, she did not oocasion her backers any anxiety, for though The Nun made a run at her at the half distance, the favourite easily stalled her off, and ran home the easiest of winners. Telephone finishing close Up to The Nun. On being submitted to auction, competition for the winner was very keen, and finally she was knocked down to Mr. W. A. LoDg, of Sydney, for L620, the club realising L300 by the sale. . Luncheon inter vened, and afterwards ,.the Hurdle Race was taken in hand. The absence of The Agent from the list of starters invested the contest with a closer interest, and as Gorrigan had the mount on Brigand, the ancient South Australian was installed first favourite. Gasalier, however, was in good request, and occasional investments were made in favour of Ravens worth and Insolvent. Ruby, the winner, was not in good odour with cognoscenti , and outside prices were freely offered against her. Mistake, with the same anxiety he always evinces to go to the front, made the pace a lively one, hotly pressed by Brigand and Royal Maid. At the sheds Insolvent and Duration came down and retired from the contest. Ravensworth then challenged the selling plater, who had quite enongh of it at the turn, and resigned his place In favour oi Ruby, who had the foot of her opponents in the run home, for, though Batty tried hard to neutralise the advantage, he conld only succeed in getting his mount into second place. Gasalier ran fairly well for about two miles and a half, bnt she tired in the run home, and had to be content with third place. Scarcely had this event been disposed of than there was a general desire evinced to review the Cup candidates undergoing their toilets. In that portion of the saddling paddock where the Hon. White's horses receive their finishing touches, quite a crowd Was gathered, and the Derby winner held quite a levee Thd Derby victor appeared none the worse for the severe struggle he had on Saturday with First Chester, and opinions were freely ventured that he would carry, the blue and white banner of the Hon. <J \Yfaijfce to victory. No fault could be found; the condition of Despot, arid, despite" the strong penchant the disappointing grey has for falling he carried the confidence of a numerous following. The New Zealand horse Trenton presented a thoroughly trained appearance, and as he had shown his ability to gallop by easily landing the opening event on Derby Day, his supporters were sanguine of his ability to win. Promethens submitted to the numerous little attentions incid ntal to saddling up for a great race with surprising coolness, but Blink Bonny displayed such freedom, with her heels that those who felt interested in her success prudently formed themselves into a large circle, and permitted last year's Caulfield Cup winner to throw out her heels with unrestrained freedom. Grace Darling underwent her toilet In a very undemonstrative manner, and her trainer frequently had to acknowledge good wishes expressed for the mare's suc cess. She presented a thoroughly trained appearance, and as she had satisfied her owner of her ability to stay two. miles, she carried a lot of confidence. Sheet Anchor and Britisher appeared to have done plenty of work, and it was noticeable that the condition of the first named was all that could be desired. No fault could be found with the appearance of Lord Exeter or Liverpool, bat Lesbia looked a trifle light. Acolyte, Kit Nubbles, and Velocipede all looked well. Nordenfeldt maintained his position in the betting to the last, and left the paddock a firm favourite, Trenton being next in popular estimation. The race was run at a good pane throughout, Thunderbolt and First Chester making the running in the early part of the race, with the favonrite and Trenton boldlvg good positions. Sheet Anchor, who was always handy, came through at the entrance to the straight, and despite a gallant struggle on the part of Grace Darling, won a most exciting race a head only. The winner was bred by Mr. /, Field, of Tasmania, in - 1S7S, and was get by St. Albans from Queen Mary, who, like last year's winner, Malua,goes back on the dam's side to' Edellt imported. Sheet Anchor has bfeen a fair performer on the turf. By his ' victory Mr. Lough- f lin, his present owner, throws in j for a very large stake, having %cked him ' to win abont L15,000. Hip Nursery Handicap, which followed, was won by Yellow J ackett, with Retort second, and Cielia third. The Yan Yean Stakes were appropriated by Merrimu, after an exciting finish with Chuckster. I -Appendedareribedotai'soLtfae facing Railway Stakes, of 3 sovs. each, with 10 eddedr Weight for age. One hjiie and- a- quarter. Mr Ji. LMsV/g b s lmoomy, by W in te rUke—Ruby, 9ys. 7«t 121b .. ... .. Qulnn I Mr M Gchan .siy't br p. Fmt Prince, 3 y> », fcss 6ib (InftfatfiiJfr- penalty) . . Moore 2' Mr a. Dsvies's bg JBaron Neoker, 3 7t 91b \-- 1 . .. .. ... Flinogan Mr J. WniVuigham's br e Parian, 3 y re, 76 121b . .. .. Trahan - 0 M 3: - Alberts b e P- rchsuwje, S yrs (allowed 81b) 9ib . - . - - . . Brow n Betting $>5 to -2 oil Isonomy, 4 to 1 sgst Others, i f The favourite assumed the lead at the start, with Barott- Necker and First Prince fol lowing, and Perchance aud Par wan together last. This order was preserved at the bridge and along the back. At the sheds Isonomy was still m front, and entering the straight With a clear lead, won very easily by a iengtlr aaef a half./ ft half-bead only separating First P: face from Baron Necker j Percbanee being a bfid last. Time, 2min. 14Jsec, kensnsgfbn Stakes of 10 so vs. each, 2 It, with 250 sovs. added. For two-year-olds. The "winner to be Ecfd Sot £300. Five furloifge, Mr L. Walton's ch I Moddelioa, by Neokerseat— Meg Merrile-, 8st .. w«&»i I Mr W D. Robertson's b f The Kan, Sst Moore 2 Mr J. H. mil'B b e Telephone, gs& Bib CWn pbell 8 Mr 8. 6. Cook's br c Mainsail, 8at 6 lb— Sanders 0 MT If. fenneUj 'a eb 1 Brigantine, Set Ellis O Mr J. fiedlearn'a br i Aspramcnte. Set Walker <1 ( Betting; ff to 4 on Maddelina, 5 to 2 agsfc ' The Nun, 5 to 1 agst Telephone. On the flag being lowered, Rrigantine au Telephone were the first to show in ad vans®, with Maddelina and Aspramonte fo'lowing".- Crossing the tan The Nun forged ahead, but the South Australian filly shot to the front, and though The Nun tried hard, she eould not extend the favonrite, who won by a length and a half, a length separating Telephone from The Nun, Briganfine, Mainsail next, and Aepra- monte laBt. Time, Imfci. 3jBec. The winner was sold to Mr. W. A- Long for L620. HubdlE Race, of 10 sovs. each, with 250 added; second horse to receive 50 sovs. out of the stake. About three miles. Mr A. Crozier's br m Ruby, by LapidUt — fiiince Pie, aged, 9st 111b - - D. O Brieu 1 MtJ. Mayo'a b h Ravenswortb, 4 yrs,10st 41b .- Batty 2 Hen. W; Pearson's b m Gasalier, 8 yrs, 10et 6H> .. .. -- Gardiner 3 Mr J. Crippe'e bl h Duration, 6 yrs, 12at 31b _ _ .. . . ... M'Leod O Mr J. Cohen's ch m Royal Maid, aged, list 121b — «. .. .. : .. - Kilduff .0 Mr J Ware'a b g Insolvent, 5 yrs, lOst 121b . — .. .. .. -- Carey 0 Mr A. Saoui's bh Mistake, 6yr?, lOstlOlbM'Gowan 0 Mr C. H. T, Hart's b m Agitation, agtd, ICtot- 7lb - m .. F ergusaon O Mr J. Cox's gg Stndfnt, aged, lOst 71b . . dune O Mr H. B. Tot bill's b pf BUr and, aged. 9et 71b . - _ „ „ .. Gorrtean O Betting : 5 to 2 agst Brigand, 3 to 1 agst Gasalier, 6 to 7 agst Ravenswortb, 10 to 1 agst Ruby. Mistake took up the running at the stert, and led past the stand, attended by Ravensworth Agitation, Brigand, Rnby, and Gasalier, with Duration last. Rounding the turn, Mistake increased bis advantage, and raced along the riverside, well clear of Royal Maid and Brigand ; then came Ravensworth, Rubv, and Duration, with Agitation last. The same order was observed'' past the bridge and along the back of the course, bnt at the sheds Brigand exchanged places with Royal Maid, who was just ctear of Gasalier, Rnby, and Ravensworth, Agitation still acting aa whipper-in. Turning into_ the straight, Mis take held selfish "possession of the lead, ..'followed by " Brigand and Ravensworth- Gasalier and Royal Maid being at the head of the other division j which was. whipped in by Agitation. The pace was improved opposite the carriage paddock, but Mis take .stubbornly held his place in front as they passed the stance attended in order by Brigand, Royal Maid, Gasalier, Ravenswortn, Ruby and Insolvent. Duration and Agitation bringing up the rear. No material alteration was observable aloDg the .riverside, except that Insolvent dropped back a little. At the back, Gasalier went in pursuit of the leaders, and 'Ruby and Royal ; 'Maid ! were racing side by side. At jtiie hurdle near the sheds Insoivc.ofc cSaine down, and at the next obstacle Duration fMistake continued to lead round the turd, but .retired infavour of Ruby asxhe en trance to the Bheds wsb reached. Below the distance, Rayemwoitii made a deperate effort to get up, but the South Australian mare was full of running, and easily stalling off Batty 's challenge, ran home an easy winner by three lengths. Gasalier was third and Agitation fourth, then came Student and Mistake together, and Royal Maid last. Time, 5mim 33Bec. Melbourne Cup, of 20 sovs, each, with 1. 000 bovs. added. The second horse to receive 300 sovs.. and the third 200 sovs. out of the stake. Two miles. Mr M. Loughlin "s br h Sheet Anchor, by St. Adkma—'Qaeen Mary aged, 7st Ulb O'Briea 1 Mr J. G. Reid's ch m Grace Darling, 6 yrs (in cluding 71b. penalty), 7fet 12lb J. Williams 3 Mr. D. O'Brien's b h Trenton, 4 yrs, 7-t IS lb .. ... .. Rubertson 8 Mr B. G. Talbot's ch m Blink Bonoy, aged, bet. 6ib, _ .. „ .. ..Blair 0 Mr A. Halinbourg's br h Aoolyte, 4 yts <in- duding 71b. penalty), Sst lib .. Saunders 0 Mr Jfi. W. Ellis's ch h Lord Wilton, 6 yre, _ . Ive»y 0 MrC. J. BrackenregS b b Tom Brown, b jrs, bet Gai dforth 0 MrR. Philipe's b h Kit Nubbles, G yrs, 7«t 12lb Colley Q Mr" J. D. Robertson s br b Corio'aius, aged, 7et 121b .. - A =- - Moore 0 Mr M. Bryant's br h Boswc wi. aged, 7b6 91b . Riley 0 Mr A. F. Smart s b b Wa-wlek, 6 yrs, 7«t 9ib . .. Gougta 0 Mr"A. Halinbourcr's b h St >»wrenoe, 5 yrs, 7st 9ib m .. ... - - « Smith 0 Tfnip- w. Fearton's b PiaTmble,6yis, 7«t 61b .. f - Power y Hob. W. Robimon's fd n Liverpool, 4 ywnJst Sib Mr T WMnin? baa's br b Prometheus, 6 y i s. 7bv 61b' - .. .. Trahan X Mrs R. Robertson's b or br e Dunlop, 3 yrs, 7et 611 .. : Foon 0 Hcc- W. Robinson's b or br c Thunderbolt, S j re. 7et olb - ... Huxtable 0 Mr T. Henty's b c Stornaway, 4 yrs, 7«t 61b — MuegTave 0 Hen. J, WhitVs br c Nordecieldt, U yrateMftb (Including Tlbpehaity) 1. - 4 ; n >):lwb 0 Mr W. Condron'B br h Velocipede, 6 yrs, 7st 4lb Burton 8 Mr If Jacobs' bl h Hilltop, yxs, ?at 41b .. Warke O Mr C. H. T. Hart's br h St Jobn, !) yrs, 7bc 31b .. - .. .. .. Flanagan 0 Aon J. White's g h Despot, 6 yrs, 7»% 21b . „ - ,b. ' IP&Ulifll; O -<;i Mr W. R. Hall's ch h|Aril Exeter, 4 y >>J MrA. F. Smart's A m Brown and Rostm# v -7A .»,. Mr R Rouse jun.s ch h Wlrw, 6 yto.7irt.dBis ifllfc Mr M. LocgnlinlB b .g Brittsbw, -agc«l>s Mr W. Kelso's far c ttwt tweeter, 3 vh / . . w. whumm Hon. W. Festoon's b e Arsenal, 3 yw» Eg MrH. J. Bowler'«b m Minerv, 6 WjjlfelP Mr JL Jacob's b h ifrtal, Mr F.Henty's bellow. 3 yrs, tetlb JobaSSji : Mr A. F. Bmdshavrs chh YeliowSwmamf, v I fefcgb - _ « - tMMj . ' . i" Mr- & L. pxerihpi'sb nitrite 0 Mr S JDavisfa bt m Lesbia, 6 y». i4; i Betting : 5 to 1 agst Notdenfeldt, 7v to I ag8t Treihten, 10 to 1 each Aget Despot ana Iiiverpool, 15 to 1 each Kit Nibbles, and Stornaway, 20 to 1 j® Acolyte, Grace Darling, Brown and Ito8e,/25 to 1 each agst Lord Exeterd Oerwe and Blue, 30 to 1 each agat Blmh Bonny, Ajsenai, Gbtiolanus, Plausible; St John, Jdetalto agst Warwith, 50 to 1 each agst ! Lord Wilton, Thunderbolt, Danloj Minerva, First Chester, Prometheus, Whig, 66 tad st "Velocipede, 100 to 1 agst St.Lawrence, Lesbi BosM 'Gyclops, 200 -toi 1 ,gst Yellow T?thirty-five starters turned out on to the straight running at the -sroigbuig enclosure gate; and after goiug through the customary preliminaries in front of the Btand Blowly wended their way down to the starting post, ' and were marshalled into position by Mr. Watson, Brown and Rose arid Liverpool being together on the inside, next to whom were Kit Nubbles, Hilltop, Prometheus, Trenton, lorn Brown, First Chester, Prometheus, and Grace Darling: Trenton, Nordenfeldt, Velocipede, and Acolyte composed the central division, and. th extreme outside was occupied by Thunder bolt and Despot. With very Uttledelay the signal was given, and simultaneously away, dashed the competitors in an almost unbroken line, Arsenal and Lesbia being tbe last, to move. When the lot were fairly set going, the colours of Trenton were the first to show conspicuously in the van, with Liverpool, LordExeter, and Prometheus at his girths. Yellow Hammer bringing up the rear. PasBiug ttie stand, Prometheus assumed command half a length: in advance of First Chester and . Trenton, who had Nordenfeldt and Brown and Rose at their girths, the extreme last being Yellow Hammer. Rounding the tarn, Thunderbolt appeared to overpower his rider, and as they raced along the river side ho was -well clear _ ot First Chester, who had Prometheus at his heels : next followed Nordenfeldt, andTrenton close up, Grace Darling, Sheet Anchor, and Kit Nubbles leading the other division, which Viw Vfillow- Hammer.. At the bridge Metal began to improve hisposition, , and as they raced along the ; back lie held command, with Sheet Anchor at his girths, and Thunderbolt and First Chester almost in a line next; the other division, led by Treuton, Graee Darling, and Cerise and Blue. Yellow Hammer stall .being last. Passing the sheds the Wilhajnstown frorse maintained bis position, but at the sheds Cense and Bine threaded her way _to the front, the pace being terrific. Rounding the turn Curiae . and . Blue, stall prominently to the tore, but , as Jjhey swung into the straight, the green and white etripes Of Sheet Anchor were seen in front, with Cerise and Blue, St; John; Trenton, _ and Nordenfeldt at his side. - Below the distance the Ballarat horse was Well ahead, and. cries went up "Sheet Anchor wms,: " Sheet Anchor wins." Opposite the carriage paddock, however, he . was: challenged bv Graoe Darling and Trenton, and a, des perate finish ensued; At every stridethe pair drew on the leader, and ; at the end of the lawn Grace Darling got her head on Sheet Anchor's quarters, and the struggle commenced in -real earnest. Oa they came, the issue -. being in. doubt until a few strides from - home, whon Sheet Anchor, by a Bupreme effort, managed to . gain tne verdict by a bead only, a similar distance separating Grace Trenton. Nordenfeldt was fourth, Minerva fifth, Lesbia and St. Lawrence next, the lat four to ..pass the post being Bosworth, iTeUo w Hammer, Dunlop, and Thunderbolt. Time, Smin. 29ssec. f , . , The Melbourne Uup.; Two miles. s£r S-5 3 ® S2 J" - ? " 2 m I ;"w® .Sj X ' -L " I g- = £.g. g. . g 3 5 , 2 < 1 ! I i i I I 1 " . - — : vj j > jp Q.pao»<»oaCTO'«>cooOCT»>.c»CTCOii wcc g <g =15 -2:Ss||glS- = S-g- |S 13 3 o . | fflWOS«OJOSMCeCSWOSCeCSW6SWWMWMOSC9Wg J H gsssgsssgssssssgssisssEss; 1 1 "Mr1 . Inclining 31b. penalty, f Xnclubng 21b. over. NhbSEB%hi>icap, of 5 soys, each, with 200 added; seiond horse -to receive 50. .and the i ; third 25 sovi. out ofthe- stake. Fcrtwo-year- Hoaf W. a! jSlHTYellow Jacket, by The O rammer — iJarGOfcii, 7et 41b — Wil iamson 1 \- Mr R. tvrai-.s b or b'r c retort. 6st 111b Johnsan 2 tfr St.: Bryant's cb f Ohis., 6st 71b : Tomlin 8 Hon. L. L. Smith's b or bi f Lolli® e Berta, 89t8l.D _ - .. M O'Brien 0 v Mr S. Millet's br c Munwyrk'm ,. Sfcfc 81 b . . Olds 0 Messrs W. and A . Grozier's br c Tr?jan, St 5lb . D. O'Brien 0 Mr W E Datin's brf Utopia, 7«t 131b.. Tyrer 0 Mr ff. Connelly ns b c Loird Cb»ncelior,78t 121b \- ; ;.. . . . .. Ttahan 0 Sir W. j. C'arke's br e Damocles. 7t Hlb . . Hnp.es 0 Hon. W, A. Long's br t OroaBfite, 7St lfllb .. Oollej. 0 ' Hon. W. Pearson's br c .Dividend, 7st 101b . . Power O Mr T. Ohirnelcle'e b oSt. nul, 7t 71b .. O'Brien 1: - Mr P. Hann's cb f Devotiou. 74t 6lb J. "Smith Hon. J. White's c f Tamarisk, 7t 51b - . Sliis ' 0 Mr J. H. Hill's br c Miqiwber,i7dt 51b . . -flgK 0 Mr W. C. Coopers blcParo&udez;, 7st 41b:. Sanders , 0 Mr D S. Wallace's b f Kssie, 7st ilb .. Weazd 0 \- Mr S. Hotsfail's brlMistrai, 7st rib Huxtibie 0 ' - Hon. W, Pearsoo'e bflHhiia.Cfc 101b .. .Toole O- Mr K. Lee's b i Anonyma.. 6afc 101b . . Hallidav 0 " Baptaln Haimes's br c Diulf rm, 6t 101b . . M'Aul flfe 0 ; i Betting: 2 to l:a:ellow Jacket, 5 to J.. agst Tlmariek, 7 tb lsagst Louise Berta, 7 to 1 \- #grtt Mistral, 10 to 1 aget Crossfire. .anyi..1Tailaaritik were the first fo ishniuft'froai'Ut fche'stfri; hut Jon reaching the tdrnTelephone forged ahead, .attepdeii . by \- v? Jacket arid Dfridena.Opposltetbe lawn: ...v'r- ' - who. \- dtnW aiahd won easily from " ' Retort. Loifise. BefcrtiainfixtjAnd Mjstral last. Time, dmin. 2fs«c. , $Tak Ymk Stakes, a handicap sweepstakes ot r 3 sovs. each, 1 ft., with 100 added. For three years old and upwards One mile, ? jgfr J Wfclttf ogham's cb h Mwlmu, by Aww v i i yw, y»t 101b Trahse 1 MrlflT. MaipbV. bt h Uiddlemarah, 5 y«» 0 MrV. D. Robertson's b g Stafford, 6 yrs, 8sc91b j Mr" J. G. Beid's ch. g"The Ghost, 0 j MrC. H. T. Hart's ch hThe Agent, aged7atltb MrT, CoffeyVbr b Fernlea. 5 yire, 7st 81b . . Sanders 0 Mr G. S. Harris's br or bVb Signor, 6 >w7s8ibr Mr L. Wateon'e b - f Juanna, 3 yrs, 7rt 81b ..Johnson 0 Mr s. G. Cook's b or br m Marie Lomeejtyre, MrM Jacobs's b h Muacat, 6 yrs, 7et"sib - A?ar Hon W. Peareon's b h Kingship, 4 jra, Q Mr"j A. "Lang's "br m Aatha.5 Q\ Mr G. Davis's b « Meerschaum, 8 ywestnb Mr W. Bland's b c Egbert, 3 ts, 6st iib. M'Do'rall 0 Mr S. Davis's br m Mrs. Jarley, 5 yrs, 6st21b Mr" D. Sloane's bb BonBon, 5yrs, fistlb \ Mr"E. Malone's b f AU Black, 3 yrs, 6-t . . Borbutt 0 Mr T. Lamond'a ch c Phaon, 3 yrs, 6st . . Buey 0 Ciptain Haimis'B br c Bagman, Syra m- eluding 51b. over), 6st ' M \u itte 0 Batting : 2 to 1 agst Mernmn, 4 to 1 agst Stafford, 7 to 1 agst Marie Louise, 8 to 1 agst , The Ghost, 20 to 1 at first 10 to 1) agst The Agent, lO to l agst Lavington. After a slight delav at the post, the flag tell to a good start, Stafford, on the inside, at once baking the initiative, arid showing the way, withi Signor at his girths. Along the back Lavington and Muscat fed- At the sheds Chuckster went in pursuit of the leaders, and the lot entered the straight almost in a line. Below the distance, Chuckster and Mernmn singled themselves out from the others, and a desperate finish ensued, resulting in a victory for Merrimu by a neck. Chuckster was about a length in advance of Lavington. The Agent was fourth, Marie Louise fifth, and All Black last. Time, Imin. 42sec. 