COUNSEL AND COURTS- MARTIAL. the law a3 to the right to appear. During tho discussiou that bus taken placo both inside and outside Parliament hi reference to the recent proceedings against members of the Permanent Artillery, there has been a most decided want of knowledge as to tho right of prisoners arraigned before courts-martial to be represented by counsel. Mr Graven quoted iu tho Assembly one passngo which seemed to show conclusively that officers presiding in suclcourU were specially prohibited from hearing counsel. Tho hon meiulttr'a quotation, however was not from tho law, hut from a text hook twenty-two years old. Tho book rcforred to is " llomarka on tho constitution and practice of Courts-martini, by Captain Thomas Frederick Simmons, tt. A.," and was issued in I8G8. Sinco that timo tho law lias been clearly defined. In tho Assembly M Sotvico denied at first that counsel could np pear and address the court, and thou lie said barristers could, but not attorneys, and finally On tho find or 8rd day lie said in reply to Mr Bent tho law permitting counsel to appear had been annulled. Mr Graves also snid; tho law hud boon annulled or repealed- At the sitting of the Court no question of bar rister or solicitor being counsel was raised, and it was rather a contemptiblo quibblo for Mr Service to take iu the Assembly. The simple question was whether prisoners before courts martial wore entitled to bo represented by legal \- advisers, ntul this the Court itself decided— and as we shall show illegally — in tho uegative. Tho officers clearly were not very enlightened on the point, or if . they were acted in ciennnco or me law. Members of the legislature were hopelessly in the dark on this very important point. The question that consequently suggests itself'- is, if officers aud legislators were so much in tho dark ou tho subject, how couUl it be mattorfor surprls that tbq men were ignorant of other parts of the regulations, and thns fell into an error. The work Mr Graves quoted from is obsolete. There have been numerous alterations in the law since thodntc of its publication. On IDLhJuuc lnsta " Gazette" a notice appeared under the Victorian Discipline Act, which, among other things, con tained the following : — "All trials shall be couductcd in accordance with the rules of procedure appended to tho English Army Act in forco for tho time being? so far as such rules may not be inconsistent with tho provisions of the Discipline Act, 1370, mid acts amending the same." This morning Mr M'ICenn made an cfi'orfc to sccuaMi copy of the lutcstcditionof the English regulations. He first applied toilic Crown Law Department, but only succeeded in obtaining a copy of Captain Simuions's book, from which Mi Graves quoted. So far aa could bo ascer- taincd, thlssupplicdalithclawoukhosubjcct the , Crown Law officers were posscssd. However at tho Defence department, Mr- M'Kcnn succeeded in uuearthin g Army (Annual) Act of 1884, which is probably about the only copy iu the colouy. ;lt isa notoworthy fact that this book jias been evidently studied so far as the Rules of Pro cedure of Courts Martial are concerned,- tho margins of this portion being extensively pencil marked, special attentiou beiug thus drawn to the clauses bearing upon the question of the right of prisouers to be represented by legal advisers. I would thus seem that the officers did not act In ignomnco of the law, but in defiance of it refused to allow the accused a privelege tliey were entitled to.'Rulc 85 is as clear aud explicit as anything can lie, and is as follow:— A. A prisoner may have a person to assist him during the trial, whether a legal adviser or any other person. B. A person so assist ing htm may advise him ou all pointsind suggest the questions to be put to witnesses; and if an officer, subject to military law shall bavo tho samo rights and duties as counsel under theso rules, and tho right of tho the prisoners shall ' bo limited in liko : manner. Note.— A person acting as counsel, although not bound to such strict impartiality as tho prosecutor, must still recollect that bo is assist ing in tho administration of justice, nud must not bo guilty of auy unfairness or want of candor," Iu his . aidresa, Uowevor ho will havo tho same liberty as? the prisoner, but he must' be even more guarded iu referring to the conduct of persons .not before the court. A person who is not subject to military law caunot, unless as counsel, under any circumstances either examine witnesses orally, or address the court, though ho may bo present in court -and aid tlie prisoner The court should not allow the prisoner to ad dress them in addition to his counsel, or officer acting as counsel. The prisoner will of course bo allowed every facility for com muuicating with his friend, whethor a military man, or counsel, or not. Rulo 8G proceeds as follows : — A. Subject to theso rales, counsel shall bo allowed to appear on behalf of the prosecu tion and prisoner at general , Courts Mar tial. (1.) When held in the United Kiugdom pert (2.) Wh « b'lM elsewhere by tho i/uitumnr'' :a i.M-hd or tho convening officer d ; that. it. \ f-xnc' to allow tho nppwr coinr-cl Lh- .-.-ru. .nm : -di declara tion dc j:: rpgardri Ml Court vfn-J.i; .;nv iMciicu;; i l;u- > re- ?;:«. bj tfinaVbisiv- ' ,ervV 10 cases ou active act vi ' ni'w expedient." Tho law is thus clear en':. Tf:». v: ,'|S" vliad been tried in iho"''':r would not havo had the ghost oi > nre refusing to hear their legal odvitw. t-h..' adoption of the rules under the gnzeti:- : : above quoted, places them in exactly the - .r.i : position here. Therefore, lu refusing to hb. i' Mr M'Kcan, the court acted illegally. The Discipline ActlSTO, (30th section) Mili tary nud Naval Act, 1870, page 700 of tho Colonial Statutes, provides that proceedings shall not be void for want of form, or removable by'ccvtiorari, but in spito of tbis clause, it is thought counsel will advise a course l that will lead to the liberation of the men. Section 14 of the samo Act snyB : "Every Court shall have power to censure, iinc, imprison, with or without hard labor, and with or without solitary confinement, ana aismiss for offences against this Act or tho rales and the regulations to be imade as aforcsaid.pro vided that no person shall be liable to pay a fine of more than £50, or bo imprisoned for more tban six months. It is submitted tbot they cannot both dismiss from the force and imprison by the same war rant for t\io same offence. Tboy must either by the proviso adopt one of the modes there pointed out. There Is another point which has been drawn attention to, and that is the improper reception of hearsay evidence. A case in point is quoted. Somo years ago a seaman was charged before a naval Court Martial here with a serious critnina offence, committed on board liis ship. Sir Gill lott appeared for the prisoner, and during the course of the trial objected to the reception of somo hearsay evidence. Tho court, howevor overruled him, "and evontually sentenced the prisoner to five years' imprisonment Somo months subsequently Mr Gillott was surprised to see his cliont walking about tho streets, and on inquiry ascertained that on tho papers boing sent home, tlie Ad miralty at onco quashed the conviction on tho very point of the improper reception of hearsay evidcuco objected to by Mr Gillott. On this point tho six men sent, to gaol yesterday aro illegally in custody. So confident aro the lawyerattbat the men hav been illegally dealt with thnt a fund has boon staried for tho purpose of testing tho matter in tbo Supreme Oourt. We havo recolved tho fol lowing subscriptions towards tho fnnd, and shall be glad to receive others. £ s. a. MrD. Gaunson 10 0 Councillor lovers 1 0» 0 Mr E.Ellis 10 0 By Monday next tho opinion of tho counsol will bo taken as to tbo proper mode of proced ure to proenro the release of tbo mou— whether on writ of . habeas corpus : or certiorari. Mr H'Kean has , intimated that he will, If necessary, glvo his professional scoiw jjpfttuUoiuly, aud Uq catuoatc that th whole cost of.Tlm'. prSccecling, including re tainers to two lending counsel to arguo tho case, will not amount to more than from £10 to £50. Tlie ecutcnco Is generally regarded as ho harsh that very little trouble will be experienced iu obtaining tho required sum. 