Protestantism,Romanism, and. Ritualism. (Continued.) The very, same language is put by Bucer in the mouth of tho child : " The laver of, rogeneration, wlieroby I am washed from ; sins.andratted in .Clirist the Lord, aniLhave put Hun upon me.", ; " Iiwill continue in, this : Communion :..of Christ .by the . help of .,our Lord Jesus Christ.": This. language too, is in. full, harmony, with .the- nature.o£, baptism tis a federal ,aot involving conditions to bo ful filled. It is . in , pertoct keepiug with . the answer of the ..Catechism ,;to .the,: question: ' Why aro infants baptized vvlion they cannot - perforin faith and repontunee? ' Because- they; promise .thorn. .both, ..by;, their, sureties, which . \- promise,. wbon. they como to age, themselves ; are. bound-, to perform.'.' . Whereas tho.answor , of 'the Roman. .theory ; to,, tins , question ; is, - Because , ,all . infauts are without- exception-- worthy, recipients of tho grace , of (baptism, and receive it necessarily as not being able, to place any impediment t in ..tlie;- way; : The being .made ....members,, of Christ and , the . children .of. jGod on this .theory, .wholly, in- . dependent, of the promise being given, for; the infants, ; by their suroties; or. of their; acknowledging thomsolves bound ,to believe and " we .are -to. distinguish between the\ judgment of charity '.and the judgment of certainly.. , For,; . although, .in /the gen mil ...we know,, that.not, every,. one, that is baptized is jus ifiod or, shall; ,bq. saved," yet, j.wheA. we. cpin.3.,to sp.eak of.: , particulars, we aro to judge .of theui that.ar'o; baptized "Eiat theyr'are 'regeneratedand jiisti-;. ; lied, and, that they shall be, ,'sayod,' udtithey > i shall diacpyer thoinselvos . not to bosuchii , Arid, so, our: Bo, ok of Ooinriiou Prayer speaketh. of , tiiem,- -as; the . Scrip tares also teacli ,us; to - sp eak . of .the in j that ; are f b apt! z ad, t li at, tlieyd are rege'riprateci and, engrafted into, the body ; ; o.f;.Cririst,,th6rigli pierhaps.tbey.be, regenerated;; . Sacfamento lenus (so' i'ar.as the. Saerauierit i ;is . cqricerried),! -and ongraftedj-;onjy .into'the. i body of His visible'Churoh." " We' speak,",, ! says- IIookerjJ.'.ofdufants-asJ/ie, r ule. of- piety - , \allowctly both. .to speak ;and :think. Tliey that . i Don . t.fllrn. t.n. t.linmnal VftM i nrflinarv. tiallr Xn. charitable' kind of i-Iibertyi.toi naine,..'tneA ;of > 'their ,own sort Godls, dear children (notwith standing,. the. large;reign, of hypocrisy)' should , 'not .mothinks be1 bo strict and rigorous againBt- the : Churchr.fpr presuming as i it, dotfc-rob a,; jOhiistian Tnnoopnt;"'.; - All- pur: infauts, -are, 'indeed made partakers , of an interest in. the., '.Gospel so far as this', that they hayem right:;, by- promise,, to -a/Z -its.. blessings, so. soon ('as itlieir. state correspouds with ita.-conditions.! iTheir state.imay- correspond with jits con-, ditious i at : the moment ; pftihaptisiri.rdiaying ; been .made so;.xn or, oveni hefove. bqptieui j! foi;: !\ybp;rihall ' dare to.-iliinit jthe.j jQoly gOne. iof? j Israel in His gifts?, ii.Orit may not correspond; j.withi'itiie> conditions , till - some, ...years.; after../ Arid.this.is .jyhatfis;, meant, wbenTtisriBaid; i that spiritual -regeneration,, leyon where! made.; jin;-.one,(sehser:ipr,eyip.us :toliba.ptis|ii,lis sealbd ;and, formally: made.pyer:in arid. , by, baptism,- I and,, .therefore, umayqhe; said . ito;be .conferred, j sucrampntally . j :by j.-baptiam. , And iwhoro . j reg,eriera'tipu;,takes...plac.e!;u£teri.baptidiri,', there; Jit.i.is. , oyetifionditionallg.: ,(iri /.and i by, j baptj.dmoci.Theipri.yiI.egeTpt'LiBOUsliip.ielgi.ven:. | sacramentally,:iandr/there£ore/thp,vpar.ty;i,is . made, in the oyejoE the.Churcliaane'nber of; j Gb'rist/paiid -al.oliild of sGod.:.! but i the ,real lenjpy.mentiofiitheifpriyj.lege-.is postponed and. ! conditional. A-!: 1. 1; siu\: . m nriM. That regeneration may be granted previous !to baptism,- and yet be properly said to bo formally made over by baptism, wo may see 'by comparing baptism with the required form of admission into any society or brotherhood ? to which the result of nomination lies with 'the 'sovereign, and for which certain qualifi- cations are necessary. Thoro are certain offi- ce'rs appointed, whose duty it is to perforin /the required form of admission. Does the performance of that form make any one a member of that society? Doubtless, in one sense it does. It is, in fact, the appointed mode of entry into it. The public do not re- \- cognise any one as belonging to it, until he has been, in this way, introduced into it ; and, strictly speaking, he does not, belong' to it, before, ho has thus been made a member of it. But is he made a member of the society by the mere opus operatum ( work wrought) or going ''through this form ? No ; -in., that sense the : performance of the .rite does not EVER give it to him! And in this sense V it is most' justly denied , ."that baptism' ewer -gives spiri tu al regeneration/ There; must be' in the party; w jib goer through/the' f oriij /the/ribces: sary. qualifications and the necesVary'.nomina- ' tion by the sovereign, -or the form, of /itself, the mere opus 'operatum,,' will!, do nothing. But are wo to'be told that' those who/should speak of the form1 in such'. terms would, 'make \- it: a thing of no' value, of no fflicacyLi-a mere form, bestowing nothing ? '/ No'; it is of the greatestyalue and efficacy ; it j/mcs the privilege -of brotherhood ; but only where the ;diio,qnali: "fications are" /present;' and 'onfy i.n'the'way of an/instrument by ' which' a gift previously be/ stowed by the sovereign , is formal ly.'ihade -over."'"' /. ' /l-/y-:'/: " "-//'.; ;/;//; The 'object for which T bring this iilnstraf tion', is to show tliatit in ay be held," thai spiritual regeneration' has'. been given/ before baptism, and yet that in that 'sairio case the party baptised is made the son; of God in and by baptism :; because 'the former words 'refer to God's original act; corresponding; .to' the; act of the Sovereign m'the caseof wliiclv we' havo been speaking' ;; and the /latter/to tlie act of the Gliuruh which, as God's ininister/publicly and formally makes over to the -party that which- God had given.' And we'miist observej that, as it respects baptism, the' performance of the right makes over the blessings of the covenant conditionally to all w ho partake of i t. .All -that is necessary5 to understand the matter: aright is',' to keep in view the real nature of the baptismal rite ; that it is not a rite by the mere use of which man can absolu tely give to whom he pleases, even in, the caseof infantsi the 'blessings) of God's covenant of mercy ; but is the rile by which the blessings of Hie covenant are publically aii d formally made over to man in accordance with the terms of the covenant ; 'in-some cases absolutely and at once, and in others / conditionally. Almost hi 1 ' the errors respecting- baptism arises from i-s. hot being viewed as only the instrument by which God's' gifts are ' bestoned iri the way and; upon the terms that are accordant to his promises'' '' \- The sacratnents aceordihg to Protestantism, the recovered faith of Christ; are moral' means of grace— of grace given by the freo Spirit of the Covenant-keeping God. 1 ; According to Romanism, the corruption of- that. faith, they are' magical powers at the disposal of a human intermediary between the Saviour and the sinner. Protestantism givii8 the glory to God ; Romanism to itself; ' , : '' " God forbid;' 'then, .we may say ' with the Bishop of Gloucester and Bristol, " that' wo should ever bo : tempted to- diso.wh tliq attitude which jealousy' for the /honour of our 'Lord compelled' us to assume; God forbid that- .our : Church- /-should /ever , : merge; r her honourable. and distinctive -title .of ;Pro- tostaht '.'.in tho. dangerous and disloyal acquicscencos .of doctrinal compromise." : . //Next, /what: is the expressed judgment' of the Church, ,of England as to Romanism .? In/ the . book, .of .-Homilies, at present - an authoritative Standard of Church of England doctrine',, declared to bo so in the 35th , of the 39" Articles to .which .all the..Ministcrs assent, it.is'said "The Bishop of .Rome ought rather- to ,,bb called the . anti- Christ, , than ; Christ's Vicar or/Peter's . successor.!' , In the Prefaco to the authorised Version of the Bible he :is termed, that man of sin.',' And both Houses of. .Convocation; in 1606 decreed/as follows : " If any man shall, affirm that . the, intolerable pride of .the Bishop of/Rome for ..'the., time s'tiil beingj . through . tho : advancement ..of b'ims'olf . by / miany;rsleiglits|,. stratagems, , and false; miracles, jover,, the Catholic Church, tho Temple of God,; as. if he wore God himself, doth not argue him plainly to bo ' the Man of Siri ' mentioned ..by .the Apostle, /he doth greatly , err (Cardwell's Synodalia 1. 379.) In the 19th Article .llio .Church of declares ''The Church of Rome, hatli erred,, not . only in jiy|ng arid matters'; of /ceremonies, but.alsoin matters of /fa|tb.".1( ..Anid in the 31st Article it', is. said, ",Tlie: sacrifices of , Masses, in which if was commonly said, that the Priest did offer Christ for the quick and tho dead, to have ;the'''reirii88i6ri"'of! pain or guilt, were blasphemous,1. false/arid' dang-erous deceits." In/ tho 'declaration; /after ' the ;'.Cp'nna'unipn Service the . Ch ur eh of England,'; f e jooti rig trauBubstnntiation, says': " The Siicramental Bread and /. Wine remain, still in' i their i very natural substances,' and therefore tiiaynot be adored ; for that were Idolatry, to be abhorred .of .all . faithful.. Christians." - And-- in. -the Homily against. .. Peril .of .Idolatry it is abundantly. jproyed>4 that ; our image-main- tainersohd' worshippers havtf used and/use tbe same outward rites and manner of honouring and worshipping their images, as the Gentiles did. use, before their idols,;-, and. that .therefore they commit idolatry /.as _ well; inwardlyjand outwardly," as" did the" 'wicked " Gentile idolaters ; ,??. and that ? images " first5 /came : from the Gentiles/ whioli we're idblators and worshippers of images unto us.'' , And in j Jo well's Apology, ordered in the days of Queen Elizabeth to be set up in all the Parish Churches with tbe Bible, we read as folio ws : "That which we see done in their Churches is base and heathenish as Jeremiah saith, ' According to the number of their cities, so are thy God's,' so that miserable men know not which to apply themselves to." Now, there is no want of charity in all this and much more plain speaking, any more than thero is in tho dreadful description of Babylon in the Apocalypse, chapter xvi., the object being to emphasize the call, "Come odt of her, my people, that ye bo not par takers of hor plagues 1" (xviii.) Tlio reality of tho Christian life of vast numbers of Roman Catholics it would in my judgment bo well nigh sin against tho Holy Ghost to deny. But Roman Catholics are, I believe, Christians in spite of Romanism. I agree with the great divines of our Church who since the Reformation have firmly believed that the Apocalyptic Babylon is Rome (Rev. xvii. 2, xviii. , 3.)/ Not, indeed, that she alone is Babylonish,' because " all nations have, drunk of/ the/wirie oE/hef fornicat|onB,'' but that sbo fo' the; mother of; the Baby Ionian- ism, found even 'in/ the Protestant Churches. Commentators of the" niosf opposite views, such . as .. Bishop 'Wordsworth and . Dean Alford, substantially agree' on this point ; "and it is no mark of -a narrow, ignorant fanaticism, but of a ; well-instructed; charity, when then of llie '' presonti'day,;; nr ii o, ''abqve'all.thirigs, .desire to posscss a wide hoaft/ and a narrovv com sci e n ce, a ro con st rai tied ; to. say, with Bishop Butler,; that Piipery, ; which |s over hard .at work to. bring us under its yoke, is am an if est, opon usurpotiph of all , Divine . and human authority " ; or, with Shorbropk : There. is nothing an Englishman'-has more; to fear' from than the prevailing power of Popery. ' To design the advancement of Popery is to design the ruin of the State and the destruction of the Church. It is to sacrifice the nation to a double slavery, to prepure'ehaias at onco for tlio/bpdyaud the mind." Truly and for cibly lias, tlip presont Bishop of Peterbprpugh declared that . " if over our .difference witli Roine should cotho to be regarded, merely as a question of iyordsV a / difference only about forms of expressing the same truth and not aboiit tho sntue truth itself, then our separate cxistencd, 'must come to be. regarded .as. no thing but an unjustifiable and sinful scliism. We should Btimd condemned of having heed lessly and wpntonly- ;' broken, the , unity ,,of Chri8tehdoni,..aricl our first ac't sliould be,- not to ask; for! explanations of ..formularies '.or, ex; actions';. of. discipline", but for pardon for our revolt. Tho protdat of the Reformation was either the assertion of d Divinely -given freedom or it was rebellion against a Divinely consti tuted authority. Between these two positions tltere is no middle ground. We can find none.' Rome recognises none. She can .hold no parley >vitli rebels. No. alteration pf: for mularies, no toning down ( of Articles, can Satisfy . .her. so ; long as' our real guilt in her eyes is our having dared to ; draw up any/ Articles at all ! ... And,. RSnfpr imitation-' of. libr, .services or 'borro wings, of her rites, those gp just as far'to, wards obtain ing,, her forgiybness as the adoption ;.'of' the drill or tho uniform of the soldiers of . tho state would go to atone for thb guilt of. a band,' of armed.. and im'pointbnt;rbbol8." . 'This brings, iho to (hb third point :Ts Ritiia- lisin.a Romeward liioyeme'nt ? Whoin shal| wb interrogate on litis .point,? Not this or. that presbyter, whoso testimony by a f ree -applica tion .to liiiti of " low " bpitbets inay bo dis- creditbd. We will apply. .first .to. tho cautious and critical' rulers , of .flip Church who ought' to knovv, and are assuroBy Ifreo from fan atical one-sidednoss. . . ; Dr. Lo'ngley Archbishop of Canterbury wrote; in , his . pbsthn'mouB, chargo;. of < that section of. pur.Dliurch,'.' ".that some. .of jits professed membore— yoai oven of liormihistors, think .themselves at J i bp r ty to . Ii o 1 d ; t h e .d pc- trinee of the Clnirch. of .Rome in. reiatiph; to : tlio sacrifice of the Mass, and yet retain thoir position within the pal.e of tlio- Anglican Church with tho avowed pu'rposo of elimiiiat- iug" from, its formularies e, very, trace, of the Reformation, as regards its protest against Romish error. The language. which' thoy;hold with respect/ to', it is ; entirely ihcorapatiblo with loyalty to ; the Churcli, to which ..'"tliey. profess, to bojong. /They, call it ' a Coirimunion dp.oply, 'tainted with Protestant heresy' ; '.Our duty, v they bay, |,is the expulsion of the e.vil, hot flight from it>' . , It is no;, whnt of charity, tlierefore, tp, declare that they remain wiili us in order/ that they. inay. substitute the Mass for tho Communion ; the o.bvipuB'aim. of. our Reformers having been to substitute the Com munion for the Mass." Dr.„Tait, late Aroh'"- bishop "of Canterbury, addressing the Uppiar House of Con vocation, said " No admiration of any points in their character ought, I think, to . make , us hesitate, whatevor;.mav 'be the difiiculties, to do whatever, may appear 'to be our duty.in the endeavour foicounteract what I.boliovo to bo, and ain obliged toall a con- spiracy.in our, body. againstfLbBpctriaos,. the discipline, and the pracRce, of , our. Befprined Church. V, And. in .'.corijunbUpriV.'.with /the present Archb.ishpp. of York, the late Primatbj infeplyirig' to a memorial of 60,000' lay iribni- bbrs of the Church of/England, said "jThere can be Bp, douhV Riat the danger you appro; bend, of a considorablbniriority. both of clergy and, aity amongst riis, idMinrig. sujhvethe prinbipleH of the Reformatipn, is.reai. J; ,. (yVe..feMj; jusUjfiin- .apaR'rig-all jroasori- . able ; menjj.io''1.'. eo'risider. , w.Uethert ,:the qvery existence , 'i; : of ; ; , ; pur. national j' 'irisUtutioriB for;, tli'e' maintenance, of , religion', iSi, riptj.im- , perilled;, W , 'thri'.jeyijls .of ""wluch.'lyou ,cpm- , pjaifri; Arid, Ui'atjivjhi'ch jiUusJ Ti il'pSr i 1 eti ' | til e jvery ,existeaMta£,.urnaRo "was, .designated (,by;Bri'.'Waldegfave,' of CarliBlo, as " an organised eorabination ; " by Dr. Ollivant, Bishop of Uahdaff, " a Romeward movement, and a very rapid movement ; " and by tlie pres mt Bishop of Bath and Wells "a deliberate conspiracy to bring back the Church of England to Com munion with and obedience to the Pope. of Roino." "No one," says Dr. Magee, tho Bishop of Peterborough, "can deny— the most advanced members of tho.party.do.riot , themselves 'care-to deny— that .it. isj'. iri its latest development, mark-id hy'.a; close arid ; even servile imitation of J all; tliei 'minutest ; details of .Roman .Catliolio ceremonials ; a : hankering after Romish theology, arid Rpmish forms of private;; doyptiori,'; an almost childish affliction., of '.all, tlie most' ..Romish ; modeis/of thought and forms lpf'expr»|io;n/, There is ; a breezy . Yigpur 'aboiit'Biahoip" Wi berfofco's short soritence :, " I; hete arid ahhor the a.tteinpt tb.Rpirianiz'e.1 the Church of Eng land.". Thore is 'a cooliiosa of calculation about tho uttorancos oh tliis suhjo'ct of Dr. Thirl well, tlio late VBisli'op ! of ; St. .'David's. If Tho; ; Trabtariifiii -V; Ritualistic '; party ' '.have introduced' TnripyariPrisi ;- ayri wedl y , -'for , tliei sake 'of , .their, doctriual sigriificdrico, aiid' witli a ino'st distiricti and /deliberate' design,' which is. ,-no /other; than ''.tlist of trau'sformiog the character o'f/o'ur CliiircU until it hpco.raos ripe for' union with Romo. Those \yho do : not at present contojnplate this 'stupj Would do sombthing \yorsel Tiiey would; inflict ori; us all the" evils: of. a thorough adhesion ;to /'all Rpindn doctriiies— except perhaps' tlie1 Bapql Infallibility as. to which Orby Shi pley/'sepms to 1 be still:' he'sitating--- with6ut aiiy, of tlie sooial advantag-es which ; ihiglit' .result;.,frpm the union." , ', .Truly miglit Dr. Thirl iveR speak of " tho attachment " of " tlio great m,ij irity of the Huuse ' of Cominons " to tliV Cli'urcli V,pn.;tlie.. condition of its romaining 'a :ProT' testant Church."/ . ' , , ; But if it is to remain a Prblostant QIiurch, men of all shades of cliurolimansliip must he prepared to," ; in'- Iboiuo iripasurb;' follow tlio example of tho High Church Doan of Ohicli- cstor, Dr. Burgon, whoso churchmansliip, lie says, he. " derived traditibnally, forty years ago, from , those /who worb; then accounted churchmen of/the loftiest type." Wb iniist all of us as chiirclimen— not us High or Low or broad, quite apart from party— disown for durselves and for. our mother CaurcJi, all. sym pathy with Ritualism. "Tlie self-styled ' Ritualistic ' party of those days," says Dean Burgon in his letter to Canon Gregory, " is a purely Sectarian''body. Tliey might' reason ably 'claim to l)ode8ignated as Congregational Christians.' Tlio' mpn talk, reKsqn,,aot,' Hko Separatists . Tliby, would ' havo beori disowned by "' churchmen '. of J every ago - and . "pvery school— I may add, and of ;ey'ofy. climefAf om the beginning until now. "And |tfnay riot lie pretendbd that the preceding )b an exceptional utterance, ' or that it exhibits a : prejudiced view of the case. I proceed to remind/you of w liat' wero the . v pry last words p ii hi icly s poken of 'llio' 'greatest "of; modern /'Prelates,' Bishop Wilherforce— whom no one ever yei suspected of Puritanical narrowuess, or accused of want of '.sympathy' with '.those or Ins clergy 'who had' rubbed into the opposite extreme. Only four days before his lamented. death/ addres sing the rural doans of his diobeso at 'Win chester. House (July 1 5 ,1 873 J, t— aft or calling dttentipri. to the ' growing .'desire in certain quarters 1 to intmduce npyelties; 'subli ' as inbonse, a multitude of lights in the ' chancel, and. so ori,"— Blshpp Wilbeffbrce said, ";i "! " 'Now those, arid such tilings' as tliebe, are hbriebtly arid truly alien to the Church of England. : 'Do not liesi tato to /treat iheiri as bucli. Air this appears ' to .'trio , fo'Indicate. a fidgety anxiety /to make' pverytliing ' in' our churches'assiinilatb to/a foroigu usage! Thbrb is d grbwirig fbblingj which I can orily'describb as an ".ashairiedriessy'bf thb'AiigiicauChurcti; as if our gr'aiid old A;iiglican 'cbirimuriibii con trasted unfavourably/.. wltli . the' Church of Rome.' . .Thb/habitua'l , language held by niaiiy mbn sounds /as if they wero asliairied of our Cliurch .and, its position.. It id a sort of apology fori the Church of Eugliiud, as com pared with tho Cliurch of Rome. Why, / should as soon think of apologising for the virtue of my mother to a harlot I I have no sym pathy ,in the world with sucli a, feeling. I abhor this fidgety debirb to make everything i uri-Arig|ibari. This is' riot a grand /dpyelbii- mont as Borne sebin.'tb think. . It is, a /decre pitude..,.. It ! is .'riot' !8pme.th)u' 'very;, /sublime;, arid iiripressivo, but/ sombtliihg' yory 'feeble and conteiriptihlo.' " (pp. 7, 8.) " Yes, lit 'is aoinethiiig ' very feeble and oontoiriptible/./indeod; But, in; fact, it is wo'fsb; than ilial,. 'or wb could afford to pass' it by in bilonce,' with pity Or with contompt. . It is treasonable .as ; well. . Not only ' are; Pririci- plps .-li'o.vr./.frooly'f taught,." Wjii /forty'yeVxra ago, wb.iii'd/ haye . bapu feje'ctedr with/ 'abli6f-| rerioo" by, all', respectablo i . porsbiis;— not only liayp Practicps ' crept hi; 'which, at tlio' time I speak of, '.wore not so . intich as known among profbssirig/Cliurchihenj-T-not oiily is Pliraseblogy in /vogue .winch is essentially Homisli ; ; , as Aylieri the Qelbhratibn/of Holy Cbmmuriipn is fiim|liurily.'bpbkori/o arid, i.Lpw .Miwapjbut'j'jiol'attem 'is/ any iorigor i made by .'.'ih'b '. ino'ro' ' Ud variced o t the piirty /o, conqbal, the ; RbUie wu'rd tendency/ of their pyactlqeb, "and their. teaching. ' Tliey byqri glory . in-t heir; 'trqasbriablq 'hi tentipn.'.'. ? ;.:,it/The'.:w.ork.gbing;ori' in 'England,' ' ,'"8aici;/an orgab'/bf /the .jjaffy ,iri"/l867;../;iib; ah. earnest tdAfafeftilyprgdnizMd a : rap|'Jly- iyiuVbasuVg | bqdy.'yb't'priqsts/aud'lay;- nien 'to/bri rig' oiir; ,Cli u'rch/ .arid Country up . to t'he T ii jCsidtid aVd- ! of , _ Oat hoi io , f ait'i/ aiid p'rac- . 'ti-/land;"benuaHy;''to);p(ead 'for /iier''/u'nibri 'with/Jl/Upirie;/' \ ctcainen< ; i'6 anniyersary ser- : jyicesd'aturujiyiOjq.Corpus.'Oiiri'sti'D ; .must; look, jmhe /course of liihe, fur agitating i Aiicfestdrdtionof heiPh'petualRresence'&iid; | ' Ji|e "Junw «u rfeUw fi-itiiii j diu uti iluu Establishment of the Perpetual Ail tralinn of (hat Presence.' 'Wo give our people the fact —the real doctrine of the Mass, first: the nanio w|H conio of itself gradually.' 'fam confident that' in a 'few years' limo thero will be found a body of men in the Church of England, who for tlioir zeal in the true cultus of our Lady will boar comparison wi th any in tlie; whole of Catholic Christendom.' ' .But, 'wo shall' only be able to establish this by 'slow arid cautious steps,' '.We, hope soon to .star't'a'ri brdef 'of Preaching friars. 1 Wo have brily't'o'. do so j1' arid, "we m ly be.sure Uatholi- cistn'wiirspread' airiqhgjtlie masses." 1 wenty yoara honcej Catliblicity/will have so leavened our "Church t|iat;'slib - herself in her corp irate capacity wijl h'e/ablb to come to the Cliurch of Rome' arid-say / liet'tlia Jiandb which ''. . v i' '; / h'avo been" parted ' tlniHo three hundred years be bn-'e'more joinb'h' Dr. F. G. Leo— in ' Sbrmoris '. preached if few weeks siribb' !at /All Saints'Lainboth,, and dedicated to Oardirials .M'irining'iiiid No'vviriah— reiiiiirkB tli'at''1 it 'sebhis to ,ni(any that;ili.e dobtriiie of Me Immaculate \Cdhcepii6til'of 'pith Blessed Iiady is" 1 buf tlio, 'due ; >iud!: reiisbiiab|b 1 cpin- ploirierit / of'Ytlie" theotoleos' : o f ' H3 p h eihi'i s :/ arid that theL sublime Syllabus of/the' l Father. '/(Pope Pius IX;)/ is identical in /pri'n- ciplo with thiit'of the Creed 'of St.' Athatfaiiids". ''In' tlio Church .of Go'l,,thbre js'a iriiii 'sf: '> wtli ; 'V ' ,' the .Office of the Blessed Virgm- in God's, system of prace, '/being a eigriiil ex- ainple of such a Divine gfowth'.;'/ ' Rites long casf-biit arid-\'8bo'ffiedi;,at;iare /now' paihfully restored,'" th'o/sadrod: sign is drawn ahewi1 the Angelus surig/as of yoro'V arid'.with sbiri'e lean arid :/ liajf-starvbd soiils there/exists ii fe is Vii- ahlb ! db'sife; to reebver ihbse'la8t'S(wrdments which- ' were so iinpiously ' and' 'cfiielly abblishbd.'. /The/ writer " hopes / for 'feH'ow-- ciiizorisliip/l whorbsobvbr/tlie, riaiues of/Jesaa and 1 /' Mary a ro1 v on erated . ' | ' Iri an/ 'earlier volume! he' had coiriplained,— ) Tlie'marVel is tliat , Rqtrifin Catholics, , 'whatever thbir views may. be, ; do' riot' see the wi'sdbin of aiding ris to'1 th'e utrnoBt. . . i . i "1. ;IFe. are.Vfoinflr for England what they cannot do. '' We 'are teachiny' men that God ' is to be worshipped under the form of bread;, and they afefliarn- iiig/'a lesson which they /haye refused ' to lbarri 'f rom the Romiiri /teachi>rs /' who havo beori amongst U9 for tlie last 300 yuiifsi ; 'Oti any hypothesis we are doing their work'/" ' 'Ori ,thb lawless character /of /,the; Ritualistic soctj1 ' ' Dean Burgon says :—" The , truth' ! is, there underlies .this ontirb .moyo'mont. a' spirit of utter irisubordinatioai of mere lawlessness —an linchristinri ' refusal to obny'lbgitiiriate authority;' (as tho ' Bsliops |hi their collective Pastoral,' phr'asb it,) — which thiiBl/cqrivirice tiny, at teriti ve observer that no . Court; which by hurriari wit could ever bo/devised;', o'rild prove /satisfactory— to the. law-breaker's: Not only, (Bby; the Bishops), do Crergymen'-' fail to rendbr to Episcopal authority that submiasibn which is In vol vod iri-'tho idea 'of! Episcbpaby; but bbodibneo has boon avqwddly refused to the highest judicial |nte,rpretatiqri8i,bf' this Cliurch arid Realm. . / Eyeri/ the authority which our Church claims, as inherent/in every particular or . national Church, to ordain 'and change," 'rites and/ cereoiqnibs, 'has been questioned; ' ' and denied J . / /But; iri fact, wlieri' our Clergy, who;'" at' , tlie; most splbirin moment of tlioir lives, ; pledged tlieiri- solybs' before God; ' reverently . to obey 'their Ordiiiarf lmd other bliiof /iiiiiiister-'.';. ./'/./'; following with a glad, mind and. will their godly dflmoriitiiitis.' 'jama 'submUUngltheittMvat; 'fa ' their- goodly judgments when /the'Minister 'bf/Rer ligion, I' . say, repudiate fcliiB, tlioir most solemn/' "oliiigationV '.aai .'well as'/yiblato 'thibi thpir /most sacred pl'bdgo'-;— it/is "clearly not tlie cdnsiitutigd of ' the CoMi-te by whicli Eccle- siasUcal causes are/ decided in/ tlie 'firat inf stance arid ou , appeal,' which ' is! iri faVi 1 1 ; brit the depraved Conscience which heeds erilighteii- mbnt, arid' I lie-perverted JVlll. which requires' id undergo. a. change.'' ' / / / V' ;'/ ;'//. Touching .tho plea urged by the; Ritualists that '.yestineiits . are calculated! to pro trio te reyororicb and ;8oloinnity. in public. worship. : \'Jy I,. meet' you, in limine with tlie. reminder- that. yoiur! ' belief " in this- matter, f(by which, you,, mean your ' opinion,')— happens to/rim counter.;tb what has/been -tlio fixed 'ooiiyictibri of the jOliurch of England fpr upwards of 300 ybar8./ 'T(ie' most becoming attire /for' /tlie Spouse, of /CiliiiST— like', tliat of tlie . .'sex' to wlriq.h-/wb/spqntanoouBly 'yiold our /heart's homage— is rio t, ' wa are persu adod, ' i ri / God's. account',/ the .gaudiest! . There is nothing whatever of meanness, riiuoh loss ;6ffugjiries8, —least of all, of deformity— in/a simple Ritual. . , As .for carelessness, iieglbct; sordid parsimony, '-tho/ things' find lio placb hero, urid' may .hot/ bo so much as talked .'of. Yon. shall/not rrilafqpirbsont me. .1 will '-not/be mis- unrier'atood/iri ; this matter. Lbt the. rnaterfal out of which ovory object is' fabribatetl , which appbftiiinritb.tlio Service of the/Sanctuary, bo the; best procurable for money./ offer- irig that is laid down befbrq/ the" fopistbol " of the MoBt High, — lot it. be/the most precious which" eartli oari yield." But! tlie result w||l not /of .riecessity/ .mak'b, a sliowi j Quite cbri/ si stent' , ;is ! .vast ._ self - sacr ifi'ob . wi th . a , s| rig a- larly- uribBtbritatious, the very. / reverse of /a. gorgeous 'Ritual, ! A /knpdest, a (gravo and dignified , simplicity, may, /yet , " proye ' its qliafabteristic- L-yes, and its/ most; attractivef/- external /grace, /' .There . is /' something mere- ' . .t'Sp't,',nes)riri tho 'accessories of the/ Mass/' in ' countries under . the Romish obedience, ,/wiiicli is' the exact reverse of what wb/ ,of ,/ the, .Church of England chiefly : .desiderate i /iri the Sanctuary of GdD. The ! /ipetlibd/ of their Service is in effect infinitely ! XcssflcvgUonal than our own." f i ///' Ftir; give me leave to remind you, there tjs' a/strange ..pendency in sensuous g.unlery to /distraqt./attbntibh, — to withdraw the mind 'ffom! th'e;/ririlseeri reulities of Religion,— to interfere with llie heart's devotion, — to im pair the spirituality of Divine Service. Tour friends may have persuaded themselves that gay dreBses, — bright colours, — a multitude -j of. lighted candles, — superabundant flowers, — gemi-flpctions and crossings without end, .besides incense ad nauseam , — all culminating in the ' Adoration of the Host ' by a prostrate congregation ; — that all tliiH kind of thing would ' promote reverence and solemnity in Public Worship.' But (as already hinted,) .it so happens that the Church of England does not think so. — You further anticipate that such practices would 'bring into greater prominence the celebration of the. Holy Communion.' And so. no doubt, they would. But, they would do something else besides." It is not merely that the solemn foppery, the effeminate passion for finery, the pitiful millinery of this new Sect is distasteful to me ; — their coloured stoles, and strange surplices, and imported ' birettas,' and melo dramatic gesticulations, — their sing-song prayers, and their gabbled lessons ; — the combined result of all which things, is, to make the Services of God's House, as they conduct them, no refreshment at all ; but Bimply a weariness of the flesh and an ex asperation of the spirit ; — it is not for reasons like tbeBe, I say, that I avow my hostility to .this new school. Still less is it from any Puritanical ' jealousy of beauty,' the fruit of 'ignorance ' — God bnowetb : It is because I see plainly that the only logical result of such practices is to betray unstable souls into the bands of the Church of ltome : to sow .the Beeds of division and dissension among our people: to destroy the peace of families : to violate the sanctity of households : to .culminate in one more portentous Sect. Not least of all, I am persuaded that this proposed substitute for the Beligion of our fathers, — the disloyal and dishonest adoption (I mean of tenets and practices from which our Church was by God's grace purged at the Reformation, and which she now either clearly disallows or else implicitly condemns, — is a sorry, an unreal, an unspiritual kind of thing. I freely admit that I mourn, — mourn deeply, — at the sight of Union with the other Churches or Christendom rendered more than .ever hopeless, while divisions and dissensions are being needlessly multiplied among our selves. I behold with dismay the ghastly lip-growth of one more Sect — one more Schism, — one fresh aspect of Nonconformity; and I mourn not least of all, because I see plainly that these mediieval extravagances are making, if they have not already made, reconciliation with our Wesleyan brethren a thing impossible. There is no telling in fact how fatal is thiB retrograde movement to the progress of real Churchmanship through out the length and breadth of the land. 'Ritualism,' (for so disloyalty to the Church is absurdly called,) is the great difficulty with a surprising number of the Clergy in our large towns, — especially in the Northern Dioceses. The working people simply hate it. They will not listen to ' Church-Defence ' while this ugly phantom looms before them. Hundreds are being driven by it into Dissent. 'I dare not call a Church-defence Meeting in this town,' (writes an able and a faithful Incumbent :) ' it would be instantly turned into an anti-Ritualistic demonstration.' Thus, the cause of Christianity itself is suffering by the extravagances of a little handful of mis guided men. They assume that their out landish ways are 'Catholio;' whereas they are schismatical entirely, — the outcome of a lawless spirit, a morbid appetite, an un disciplined will. Indecent self-assertion and undutiful disregard for lawful Authority are the most conspicuous notes of this new Sect." "I will add, — (for the picture would be incomplete without it,) — that indications are not wanting that the new Religion fails to promote honesty, sincerity, candour, truth fulness of character. I am understanding the matter. It would be terrible to draw out in detail the effect which these novel tenets arid novel practices seem to have on the heart and on the life. The sacredness of a pledge solemnly given, seems to be no longer fully realized. Equivocation of the most pitiful description is freely resorted to. Things have come to a grave pass indeed with any religious body, when evidence is afforded of their general disregard for Truth." In conclusion be it observed that the chief strength of Ritualism is concentrated and coinbined in the English Church Union. In 1876 this Society numbered 2,432 clerical and 11,457 lay members, connected with 205 branches, and in its last Report (June 1885), it states that 832 persons, of whom 92 were clergymen, has joined it during the past year, and that there are now 300 branches. At the recent annual meeting of this large and influential organization, the following remarks of its president, the Hon. C. L. Wood, were received with cheers. " Peace with one another, not by the sacri fice of the truth, but through the truth, peace with our separated brethren at home, union among ourselves, and the restoration of the visible unity with the members of the Church abroad, East and West, but above all with the great Apostolic See of the West, with the Holy Roman Church which has done so much to guard the true faith — these surely should be our objects, and the objects nearest to our hearts." It is no doubt fervently to be desired that " all who profess and call them selves Christians should bo led into the way pfnuih," But what are we to say of per sons the nearest objects of whose hearts includes above alb visible unity with the Holy Roman Church ? I will answer in the w< > - <1 the Bo-hop of Bath and Wells. " My priiuij al hope is in the good sense of , clergy arid laity discountenancing the English Uniot'V which will destroy the Eng- lish Churoh if they are encouraged in their present course." " When I add that there are Societies of English Churchmen whose pro fessed object it is to bring about a re-union with Rome, and to unprotestantize the Anglican Church and that the Church of Rome has stronger hope of the return of England to her allegiance to the Pope now, than she has had at any time since the Reformation, and makes the Con version of England the subject of her un ceasing prayers, I think I have said enough to show that there is a considerable change in the attitude of the Church of England towards Rome , and no inconsiderable danger arising to her from that quarter." There must, it seemB to me, be a sod ignorance amongBt us of our national crisis, before any one can speak of Ritualism as a "Ghost," thereby either exhibiting his own ignorance, or presuming upon the ignorance or infidelity of the Church and of her watch men. What is needed is information, and I beg to recommend as and able and temperate statement "Tho Church and Liberties of England " by Nevison Loraine ; " and a pamphlet entitled "Rome's Tactics" by the late Dean Gonde. But above all our need is the story of " the prophetic word to which we do well that we take heed," that we may have the calmness and tolerance which can only spring from deep conviction and earnest faith in tho Eternal, and the expectation, not of a man-produced Millenium, but of " the coming and kingdom of the great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ." Our present duty is to watch and pray ; not to out-root but to out -live and out- work, so far as wo may, those from whom wo differ ; till He comes to whom all victory belongs, to establish a civilization free aliko from the withering blast of atheism and from tho simoom of Sacerdotal usurpation. 