" BIEL INTERVIEWED, I HE GIVES THE REASONS FJBTHB HALF . ' BREED BHVOLT, BlObfA, N.W.T., May 26, 1885,-BIal, who I . lying in jail here, has at last been interviewed by the Presv, He is a man of average height, and hie locks hanging down to bir shoulders, oonpled with his somewhat scarred face and dilapidated addreei, give him an nncoatbrappaaranee. He ie j jure rorty yean oia. neisiki with perfect eoan- \- tenence, and diaenssea all subjeate with a freedom ! and intelligence that at once, remove all doubts a to hia reported eanity. From. rambling coa- : venation held . with him, he gave the impression that hi. belief waaof the Unitarian etemip, and also implied 'that he '.had thrown over hi adberenca to the Oatholie Ohurch. His object, donbtlesf, 1. : to coerce the Oathollo Ghnrch ts take np his eanse, or elaehe ii making a Btrong bld for the oapport; end protection of ultra Protestanti, : Ho claims: | this bis desiro in the reform movoment, a he calls, it, wsB twofold — the fits;' objeit being, to free ; the people of the New World from the -yoke , of, iBome, and the second being to redress the political ; grievances of .the half-breeds of the North-wert, ; .'Being aeked.il. he eves' expected to snoceed against the government ln'htorabelUbD, he laid " No, not by warfare ; but I boped to make soch a movement' as would frighten the Government and riling terms out of .them, aa wo had not .been properly .treated, I expected .- to be joined at .Batoche by a large body of .IadianB, or my men would not have held ,ont so long, The Indians disappointed ns and acted treacheronsly." "Was there any truth in the report' of your working with the Fenians P"— No, I ; feared they wonld. do moro harm than good ; but 'when we saw the case growing hopeless, .as we were. bring hemmed in by the troops, the council wrote a. proclamation;, which it was resolved to send by a rnnner to Montana, appealing to Irish men to aome and assist ns, Toe proclamation was to have been, pnblisbed in the newspapers, bat < the troops had orushed ns before we oould doaoy- thlng." " Waro tho prleata frlcndly to you?"— " They were not.and they were. They insistea oa onr . being .submissive -to them, Toey were against u trying to redress. onr own < grie vances. Ever since the doctrine of the infallibility of: the. Pope wa proponnded thoy have been very tyrannical, They did not wiBh the people to do anything, but the priests to do all, If tbey had been in favour of peace, I would have been with .them, . They were In favour ot fighting , for the priests, hut not for the people. They UBed doublo-edged swords. They turned Oatholio people against them beoause tbey usurped civil .'f auctions, and .tbey turned Protestants againBt them because they opposed them. The piicstB seek power tor themaelvei, not for the goad of the people. They are sgsiost the Protes tant both politically , and religiously. They are againBt me now, not because 1 rebelled, but .to- cause! did not succeed in helping them. We did not retol j : wo defended nud maintained .the rights which we enjoyed, arid had neither forfaited nor sold, Tho .half-breeds of the Territories are tbe' owners of the soil they acquired, They have an interest in the country with which , thoy have never parted. They desire to havo an equitable arrangement made for their in terests,' They defend thoniBalves. Thoy stand on the rights they enjoyed before the transfer, They stand to-day just where they were thirty years ago. Their provisional government ia jast the government that existed before the Dominion ob tained any foothold in the territory, Thehalf- breedB nbvhr sold their rights or , agreed to giveup their government or in any way to recogulse the Dominion Government; but they ara ready to enter into a treaty, by which tbey will bieomo loyal and contented citizens of tho etnfedcration." Rul talked for a long lima oa the grievances of tho half-breeds, whom he calls God's people. An interesting part of the interview is the religious creed adopted . by Bid's ooimoll, nod given under acvao . heads " Fust : Wo bsiiove .that all truo. boliovera constiiute th. true Ohurob. Believera in the Lord Jeans Obrist are. Obristians, and ail . Obriatlaue . make the Ohnrsh holy, catholic and vital. We tbu embrace all. denomina tors: in our faith, Booond: Wa do not believe -in the infallibility of the Pope. That Infallibility' dogma of Borne. has done muoh harm. The prophets and apoities were not infallible. Third : We believe in the inspiration of the Holy Scriptures and the right of every man to read and learn the troths they contain, Fourth : We believe in a . regularly ordained ministry . We would as- cept ministers of all denominations— UpiBoopa- liane, Presbyterians, and Oongregatio'nallits— in our ministry without reordaiuing, We wonld ba somewhat doohtful about Baptists, Fifth : Wo believe in a form of Ghnrch government. We prefer the Episcopal form. We would like to aeo a head Bishop for tho Dominion or for 'the New World who would to independent of Borne, .We do not think that the affairs ot the Ooareh oan ' be rightly administered so far away, la fact, Rome has ceased to to the holy apostolic Baa, Sbo is now , a great, organisation of political diplomacy, Sixth: . We.priy to' God, to Christ, to Mary, to too saints. Three persons/of Trinity are in these three first God tho Father is peifeet and highest ; God the Sonii peifeet and the Saviour.; Mary Is pure, bat not perfect, and in her dwells the Holy Ghost, Bevtntb : We believe in the final ealvztiou of oil men, God's mercy will reaoh farther than man's iu, He will not allow things to go so far that restoration is impossible,' No iojary oan he done to a soul which He cannot repair. The agonies of hell may be endured for counties) ages, but the mercy tbat reached oarth is not beyond the reach of hell." . . . 