DEDICATION Qf THE VISIT OF ARCHBISHOP MORAN. , Tho ArchbiRhop of Sydney, aooom psnied by the Sishop of Goulburn (Dr. Lanigan), Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran (the Archbishop's private secretary), and Mr. T. M. Slattery, M,P., arrived at Galong on Saturday, and were the guests of the Son: J. N. Ryan.' The party drove in to Burrowa on Sunday morning, and were met some distance from town by a large concourse of horsemen and vehicles. Upon arrival in Burrowa, an. address of welcome to the Archbishop was read by the Hon. J. N. Ryan on behalf of the Church Committee, and was feelingly re plied to by his Grace. The ceremony of the dedication of the new convent was performed by the Bishop of Goulburn, assisted by the Rev. Father Walsh and the Very Pev. Dr. O'Haran. At the conclusion of the dedication: ceremony, mass was celebrated by Father Walsh. Dr. Moran then delivered an eloquent discourse, basing his remarks upon the words, ' Glorious things are said of thee, Q city of God.' (Psalm 86.) His Grace said : We.every day repeat in the Apostles' Creed the solemn profession of our faith, ' I believe in tho Holy Catholic Church.' The Church of God is in truth endowed with sanctity as a heavenly gift from her Divine founder. Her children from age to age shall allow forth the fruits of holi ness in their lives, and as we are here asBooiated with the chorus of the angels around the altar of God, so may we look forward with tirra hope to he one day partakers with them in the eternal joys of the blessed. The royal Prophet contem plating from afar tliia privileged sanctity of the Church, cries out, ' Her founda tions are in the holy mountains : the Lord loveth the gates of Siuu above all the dwellings of Jacob. Glorious thinga are said of thee, 0 city of God ; as of people all rejoicing ib our habi at ion in thee.' The ApoBtle speaks of the Church as the chosen spouse of Christ, and shall we uot say that sanctity is thi golden robe of her espousals. He teaches us that ' Christ loved the Church, and delivered Himself up for it, that He might sanctify it, cleansing it by the laveu of water in the word of life, that He might present it to Himself a gloriouB Church, not having spot or wrinkle, or auy such tiling, but that it should be holy aud without blemish,' (Ephes. 5.' Tho Church thus sanctified shall continue till Uie end of time to be the repository of the sacred doctrines revealed by our blessed Lord, the treasury of the riches - f God's mercy and love, the overflowing fountain of the blessings' of heaven. He who is the only, begotten ot the Father, full of all grace and truth, has Bet the seal of Divine truth upon her lips, and has promised to be with her all days, to aid her in every combat and to guard her against every assault. Through His divine gift, the Holy GhoBt abides in the Church, and her children of every tongue and every clime, and from the rising to the setting sun, enjoy the same blessed light which He brought from heaven upon, earth, believe the same truths, are enriched with the same sacramental graces, governed by the same authority, guided ami comforted by the same power, and quickened by the same' supernatural life whioh He purchased for us as the fruits of redemption. It is little, indeed, to say that the sacraments of tho Church are holy, but must we nof remark how fully. Jiow perfectly, they correspond to all the wants of our poor fallen nature ? Baptism regenerates us into spiritual life, cleanses the boiiI from original sin, adorns it with the very comeliness of the angels. As we advance in years, the Sacrament of Confirmation impartB to us strength to. subdue our passions and to battle against the temptations of life. Receiving that sacramei.t, the Christian soul becomes the temple of the Holy Ghost, and remaining faithful to tho graces received, the Divine Spirit shall continue to dwell there— the Spirit of wisdom and of understanding the Spirit of counsel and of fortitude, the Spirit of knowledge and of piety, and the Spirit of the fear of the Lord. If we have the misfortune U- offend God, the Sacrament of Penance awaits us Iu this Sacrament, the repentant sinner is truly forgiven his sins. Our Saviour, breathing on His Apostles, said to them : ' Receive ye the Holy Ghbst : whoso sins you shall forgive, they are forgiven them, and whose sips you shall retain, they are reteined.' Ry this sacrament, the confessor becomes the father, and friend, mid physician of our souls : at his feet, the Prodigal Son is admitted once more to the embrace of the Divine mercy ; no matter how deep may be the stain of his guilt, when he enters the tribunal of penance, he comes forth from it purified from every stain, aud sanctified in the precious blood of the immaculate Lamb. Again, in our last moments, Satan doeB his worst to drag us with him into eternal ruin. In that last struggle, however, a special assistance is prepared for the Christian soul. The Sacrament of Extreme Unction cancels the remains of sin, and imparts the peace aud consolation, the fortitude and strength of which we may stand in need. Sacred things are entrusted to sacred lands. Even in the Old Law, tine tribe was set apart for the service of the Temple, and of this tribe one family alone was privileged to offer the sacrifice. How far more necessary does this become iu the Church of Christ t The holiness of the sanctuary deinaudB special graces for the faithful discharge of the priestly duties, and the Sacrament of Holy Orders gives to us thesa graces. By this Sacra ment, the priest is set apart, as Aaron, for the service of God ; he becomes the representative of Christ on earth, the father of his people. So, too, in the Sacrament of Matrimony, a special blessing is bestowed on Christian parents tti fulfil the duties of their state. This Christian union no civil law or other earthly power can dissolve, for it is a symbol of the eternal inviolable union of our Saviour with holy Church. Outside of the one true Church these sacraments, if retained at all, are little hotter than an empty name ; but fnr the children of Christ they are true sacraments of the. supernatural life, conveying to us the. blessings, of God's mercy, and all thorn; graces, and anusolstions, and strength which enable us to be faithful to His. holy law. I have said nothing of the Sacra meut of the Altar — that sacramcut of sacraments, in which our Saviour perpetu ates His divine presence amongst us. This sacrament makes the poorest of our churches a very heaveu upon earth, whilst to the faithful soul it is the life giving food, the true manna, the living bread which Cometh down from heaven. The 1'rouhct announced to the J^vris.U people s that by , the presence of the Redeemer the glory of the second temple, would Infinitely exceed all the giitteruig splendour of the first Even sj, this true presence of our Saviour under the . sacra mental veils communicates to the poorest of our churches an immeasurably higher degree of dignity aud majesty and holi ness than the proudest works of man can claim that possess not this heavenly treasure.. The pillar of light which guided the Israelites to the land of promise was a cloud of darkness to their enemies ; so, too, this sacrament of the Redeemer's love gives light and life to the children of the Church, but it isastumbiing-bloclc, a rock of scandal, to those who rejects her teaching. Our separated brethren way build, perhaps, prouder domes than St. Peter's, and erect nobler structures than those of Milan and Cologne ; but when viewed in the light of heaven, what will they all he but cheerless lifeless piles of stone whilst He who is the true life aud beauty and joy of. the Christian temple, Jesus our Saviour, does not dwell there ? The blessed sacrament is indeed the tree of life in the new Paradise of .God's Church, and its fruits are those of im mortality and heavenly delights. Re ceiving worthily this sacrament, the soul may cry out in the words of the Canticles. ' My beloved is mine, and I am his ;' and we may rest assured that the oftener aaA more worthily we receive Christ in this sacrament of HiB love, the greater will be our glory in heaven. Need 1 say that the sacrifice offered .on . our altars ib holy — yea, the very source aud centre of all holiness 1 It is the true sacrifice of Calvary, which, by God's wondrous power, is perpetuated amongst us. It is the pnre oblation, foretold by the Prophet, which from the rising to the setting of the sun is offered everywhere, and gives glory to God's name. It is a true holocaust of homage and thanksgiving to the Most High, a propitiatory sacrifice fur the living and the dead. To the dignity of the sacrifice, corresponds the sanctity of the Christian priesthood. When I think of the ineffable dignity which is thus con ferred upon the children of men, the vision of tho burning bush that presented itself to the legislator of the Jewish people recurs to mind. The fire of the glory of God descended upon the tree before which he stood, and yet consumed it not. And so it is that in the Christian priest hood we see heaven ones more united with earth, and tho very dignity and priesthood of the Redeemer descends upon the child of man, investing him with a Divine power, and yet consumes him not; And now what shall I say of the supernatural fruitfuluess of sanctity which lias at all times been a distinctive feature of the Catholic Church? The tree is known by its fruits, and the fruits of piety and virtue whioh have never ceased to adorn the Church, roveal to us the abiding presence of the Divine Spirit of sanctity. The Spirit of God is a spirit of truth, and with what rich abundance have the fruits of wisdom, combined with holiness, been multiplied in the Church. The Apologists, and Fathers, and Doctors succeed each other in an un broken line from St. Clement, and St. Justin, and St. Augustine, and St. Gregory the Great, rto St. Thomas of Aquin, and St. Francis De Sales, aud St. Alphonsus. Aud it is precisely when heresies seek to corrupt the Faith that these great men are raised up by God as bulwarks of Divine truth. The Spirit of God is a spirit of virtue-; and we see that every heoiic virtue from age to age has blossomed in the Church, and put forth the brightest flowers of perfection. Even those who did not belong to the Church have uot failed to admire the genuine (,'ieatnesa thus displayed in the Jives of the Saints. The learned Protestant writer Leibn.tK did not hesitate to say thai the Catholic Church has eveiy reason to point with pride to the huoric virtues of her Saints in proof of her high birth as the Church of Christ. Nor is this heroism of sanctity, a.mere matter of the past. In our own times, in every quarter of the globe, and in every walk of life, the Church continues to. raise up saints worthy of the primitive days of Christianity. It is true, all are not saints : many are found . within the Church who are Catholics only in name, whose lives discredit the holy faith which they prafeBS. The children of the Church are not deprived of their free will,, for thus their merit is enhanced and their re ward is multiplied. To each of us God addresses the! words of the Prophet, ' Behold I set before you the way of life and the way of death' (Jer. xxi 9.), the choice rests with ourselveB. At each stage of God s dealings with man it would seem as if sin had baffled His merciful designs. It was thus iu the Garden of Eden. It was thus, ton, when one of the chosen twelve betrayed his Divine master. But bgain, God's ways are not as man's ways, and all the wickedness that en deavours to counteract His decrees must in the end be subservient to His glory. Through the betrayal of Judas our Saviour was crucified, but the cross be comes His throne— the throne of His power aud wisdom, of His mercy and His love. Our Saviour declared that He came not to call the just but einners to repentance ; that within the pale of His Church the foolish as well as the wise virgins would be found till t the end of time, and that the 'tares and the wheat would grow together until the angel reapers of the harvest day would separate them. And if sinners are thus »iiowed to be in the Church, do we not see in the spirit of our blessed Lord deeds of charity and mercy multiplied to recall those sinners to repentance ; and day by day is not the Church consoled by the repentant sinners who like Magdalen of old. hasten to the feet of our Saviour, and there pouring out their tears of Borrow, merit to hear the cheering words addressed to them : ' You ha'c loved much, your sins are forgiven you.' Aud so, too, it is that the Church extends a special care, and shows a sp cial love to the poor. Our Saviour announced to the Apostles that the pour would be always with them. Be even declared that it was a diaiinetive feature of His own divine mission from the Father, to instruct and to console the poor — ' Evangelizare pauperibus misit me.' And the poor are still found by the side -of Christ, in the Catholic Church, and she lavishes on them her fondest care as the inoctchuaeii poition of her inheritance. Thus, in wonderful variety, she perpetuates the mission of her Founder, and reverently may she, too, rejii-nt Hip blessed words to those who would question her Divine com mission : ?? Tell the things that you have seen and li»ard ; the blind see ; the lame wau ; ti.e lepers are cleansed ; the deaf hear ; the dead rise again ; and the poor have the gospel preached tu thpm.' The Spirit of God is a Spirit of zeai, and oh, how the happy fruits of this holy zeal &tiound; in the Church. We sec every day her countless sons going forth with the ardour of the Apostles to unfurl the Btandard of the cpuf hi the most remote countries, and to win new nations to tke fold of. Christ; and in their apostolate the prophetic views of old are verified — 'How , beautiful, on the mountain summits are the feet of those who evange lize good tidyigs, who evangelize peace.' The Spirit of God is a spirit of fortitude, and who can number the white-robed arm; of martyrs of every age, aud rank, and condition of life who sealed with their blood the testimony of their faith, and laid dawn their lives to witness to the truths which they professed. £««h centu-y has had its -array of thuse glorious champions thus privileged to re ceive the martyr's palm. In our own day, Corea and other Eastern kingdoms have been, fertilized with the blood of these Christian heroes. Looking back a little, we meet with the many victims of the first French Revolution who suffered for the faith. Earlier still, we have the multitude of martyrs whom the perse cuting spirit of the so-called Reformers and the sword of Mahomet and his successors sent to heaven. These children of the Church emulated the heroism of the martyrs of the first three centuries, a.ud they share thoir crown. The Spirit of God is a spirit of power, and ChriBt foretold that this spirit of power would be with His Church, and be shown forth in miracles till the end of time. 'These signs shall follow those that believe ; in my name they shall cast out devils : they shall lay ther hands upon the sick aud they shall be healed.' And again, Be proclaimed that the miracles which He himself had wrought, the same and yet more wondrous miracles would be performed by those who believed in Him, No Protestant Church has ever advanoed a claim to such miraculous power. It ib only to be met with in the Catholic Church, and thanltB to the mercy of God, from the day when the Prince of the Apostles commanded the poor cripple at the gate of the Temple to arise in the name of Christ, the Divine Spirit of power has never ceased to be shown forth by miracles amongst us. Some years ago a learned Protestant, being in Rome, complained to a distin guished Cardinal, who was a member of the Congregation of Rites, of the credulity of Catholics in admitting the miracles of the Saints. The Cardinal said to him, ' Well, we have just been examining the proofs of some such miracles: perhaps you would wish to take the papers and judge of them yourself.' He gladly accepted the proposal, and having maturely examined them, returned after a few days, saying that ' the proofs vere most complete even i» their minutest de tails, and that if all the miracles that the Church sanctioned were as clear as these, he for one would be quite ready to eccept them.' What was his surprise, when the Cardinal told him ' that satisfactory as these proofs appeared to be, they had. not been deemed sufficient by the Sacred Congregation, and not one of the miracles which he had been examining liad received their sanction.' So, true it is that the Spirit of sanctity as proved by miracles ever lives in the Church, and that the abiding presence of the Holy GhoBt is shown forth in the varied forms of holiness which has never ceased to adorn her. But whilst ^'e reflect that the Catholic Church is the fruitful Mother of Saints, may we not for a moment turn our thoughts to the fruitfulncss iu sanctity of which that kland of the West,, so dear to many of you, has given abundant proof. The Apostle St Patrick came to Ireland, clothed with holiness and bearing his commission from the central see of Catholic unity. Ho him self relates how in the yeais of his captivity whilst he tended his master's flocks along tho bleak slopes of the hills of Antrim, his thoughts wire continually fixed on God, till the fire of Divine charity became uuqucnchable in his soul. Eren then he was a Saint. But this did not suffice to prepare him for the designs of God. For twenty years he went on per fecting himself in the paths of holiness, seeking Iussoiib of piety in the most famous schools of Italy and Gaul, till at length he became a choice instrument of heaven to pour put the blessings of God's mercy upon the people among whom he had been a slave. And may it not be justly said that those blessings were poured out in rich profusion upon the Irish race. Not only was the whole nation quickly gathered into the fold of Christ, but for centuries the Church of Ireland was honoured throughout Christendom as the secure refuge of learning, the sanctuary of - piety, the beacon-light of civilization and religion. Ycb ; the spirit of holiness was shown forth in its richest fruits among the children of Erin. Tho sanctity of the holy Anchorites was given unto her. Her countless eons within her cloisters emu lated the austerities of the Eastern deserts, and spent their lives in the most fervent practices of prayer and penance. The sanotity of the Doctors of the Church was lierB. Her schools and monasteries were famed alike for learning and piity, and the name of Ireland was everywhere revered as the land of sages and of saints. The privileged sanctity of the apostles and missionaries of Christ was given to her. Many of tho great churches of the continent continue to the present day to honour Irish Saints among their chief patrons, and it would be difficult to find a diocese, not alone in Scotland and Eng land, but in France, Germany, aud Belgium, which has not been sanctified by the preaching aud the virtues of Ireland's devoted sous. And with what spiritual fruitfulneBS was the sanctity of the virgins of Christ bestowed ou her. From the days of St. Patrick to our own time, innumerable bands of Ireland's de voted daughters have chosen as their portion the arduous paths of perfection, and have walked in the footsteps of the Saints. St Bridget, one of the chief patrons of Ireland, is the leader of tboee virgin choirs. It is related in her life, that as she knelt to receive the veil, she touched the wooden pillar that supported the altar, and at her touch the. dry wood budded forth its leaves, and blossomed its flowers, symbol of the spiritual fruitfulness which, through the patronage of St Brigid, has been im parted to the virgin aaiufcs of Ireland. We are also told, that the sacred fire at St. Brigil's shrine was never extinguished, aud that though she practised every virtue, yet, in a special manner, she chose mercy as her portion, and hence that her whole life abounded in deeds of mercy. The holy lamp of faith and the fire of charity burn as brightly before the altar of Kildare at the present day as in the golden ages of our sanctity, and St Bridget's deeds of mercy are also perpe tuated there, or rather I should say, are daily multiplied in the instruction of the ignorant, and of the little children whom Christ so loves. Aud, need I add that the sanctity of the martyrs and confessors of Christ has been given to our country Truly, terrible was the storm of persecu tion that for three centuries laid waste her sanctuaries, aud sought to despoil her of her faith. It was not, as in other - churches, iu the vigour uf her youth, that the sword of persecution was unBheathe'dfc against her. The' enemy waited til], in. the ways of the world, her strength had departed from lier. It was thought that repeated invasions and dissensions and' discord had done their work, and that, uow, iu the decay and decrepitude of old age, she would be an easy prey to the as saults of the enemy.' Aud how fierce were: these assaults. It may most truly be said,, that nothing was left undone by Satan, and the powers of this world to destroy the faith of our people. Wherever wo may travel, through the length and breadth of the land, we have only to look around us to see the ivy-grown ruins that attest the fury of the storm of persecution, that assailed the Irish Churchi But,., through the mercy of God, the Church of? Ireland was not overcome ; our country renewed her youth as thec»gle^s| ouc people shewed forth in their lives the heroism of the early ages' of the Faith,, they became a nation of martyrs, and though all had not the privilege of shed-, ding their blood for the Faith, yet all joy-, fully accepted poverty oi exile rather than, surrender the Divine inheritance handed down to them by tbeir fathers. Fondly, indeed, did Erin weep for her suffering children, yet full of heavenly confidence, she seemed like the mother of the Macca bees of old to say to them as they were led out to give testimony of their faith, ' Look to heaven and know that it is the Creator of all thugs whom we adore arid serve ; to Him alone be glory ; the trials, of the persecutors shall pass away ; they lead us to our, eternal inheritance ; God in His own good time will show mercy to. His people.' How abundantly has this, mercy of heaven been extended to the Irish race. . . I need . not speak of the, fruits of Irish piety in our own days at: home and in England, Scotland, the United States, and elsewhere. But ha-»- not the Angel of Ireland's sanctity already begun to spread his wings over tbie. Empire colony of the South: It is only - fifty years since the first Bishop landed: on the shores of this fair land. He found, only live Priests in the whole of the.. Australian continent ; but they had; laboured with zeal and devotedjiess* cultivating the plant of Diviue Faitlit which had already been sown amid the tears and sorrows of the first colonists. Already this little plant has grown into a, majestic tree, and though storms have never oeased to rage around it, it has. spread its branches throughout the length, and breadth of the land, yielding every, fruit of blessedness to the children of/ ChrJBt To-day, eighteen bishops and.. more than four huudred priests minister, to the wants of the faithful,, and we see. churches, convents,, schools, religious, institutions, colleges, spreading around, ns on every side. Aud when I look to. y^iur owu fair town, with its Church of; Sst. Patrick, and its Convent, where the Sisters of Mercy, unweajying. in their devotedness, are gathered under tie, mantle of St. Bridget, the Priest, Un faithful people, it seems to me as thougiiU some privileged toivu of the dear olilj land of the West were by magic-waiidi tinns]ilauted to this new world to be bcti 'as. a brilliant seni in t'-v crown of sanetitjiv of Holy Church beneath the bright Southern Cross. The Convent of SistciB^ ? .f Mercy which we dedicated to-day shalli henceforth be a source of untold bleBscd-. ness to this important district. Your children bl.all be trained dy. i!.c dovottd Sisters in every practical and useful, branch 'f secular kn.uwludiji:, whilbt at the same time their hearts shall be moulded, to virtue and their minds enriched witli the salutary truths of Divine Faith, that they may daily take up their cross and follow iu the footsteps of their Blessed Lord. Oh, truly happy are the children who are tliufa trained from infancy to love? ? nd serve their Ctvtittir. ' Blessed is the, people whose God is the Lord.' And yet this great work of Christian education is. only one of the ninuifultl trucks of piety and mercy in which' the pious Sisters, shall spend their lives. The Convent: shall be a sanctuary of religion,, and. the prayers of the. community,, as fragrant incense from golden,' censors shall ascend before ' tho. Throne of .God. You will see the Sisters go forth at intervals from the. Convent walls ; but is it in pursuit of pleasure or the amusements and vanities of this world ?; Oh, no ; but to visit the sick, to comfort those that are in sorrow,, to bring to. the desolate homes the bless-, ings of Christian' piety and the. conso 1 lations of religion. ' I trust that by yourr generosity to-day you will show that you, rejoice in having the devoted Sisters; among you, and that you will prove your resolve to strengthen their hands invtheir holy work. ' Thus you will be worthy of' your father^, and faithful to the traditions, of your race. You will show, that you. cherish with fondest affection the price-. lesB heirloom of. the true Faith, handedi down to you at the cost of so many sacri-. fices, and it will, be your privilege even, here in this fairest continent beneath the.. Southern Cross to reflect, ' in ' some way,, the piety aiid generosity of the mother land which is so dear to you, and which, is no less to-day than it was of old— the; home of religion, the Island of Saints. The collection at the close of the service amounted to upwards of £300, including the following donations : — Hon. J. N. Ryan, 50 guineas; Dr. Moran, 20 guineas ; and Father Birmingham, 20- guineas. At the laying of the foundation stone,, Dr. Lanigan, we are informed, s gave 50 guineas. We cannot omit to mention the in-, cessant and earnest zeal of the Rev. Father Long in the work during his. pastorate in the Burrowa district— a zeal and earnestness not allowed to repoBa up to the moment of his departure a few weeks ago. The building is ivo stories high, and ia; constructed of brick on a concrete found ation. The front of the building is orna mented with a verandah and balcony, the latter being supported by neat cast-iron columns and protected by handsome rail ings of the same material Tte ground fhior contains {our large rooms, a chapel,, aud a hall six feet wide. Tho balcony is approached through a hall of the same, size as below, and comtuards a fine view of the town aud its surroundings. The outbuildings contain al1 the latest im provements. The Convent ground, which is 40 acres in extent, is the gift of the. Hou. J. N. Ryan. The buildings were erected from plans supplied by Messrs. Gordon and Gordon, Albury, and the contract was faithfully carried out by Messrs. Bell and Briggs, (or for them, Messrs. W. Carter and M. O'Dwyer), the cost amounting to close on £2000. Archbishop Moean.— The Archbishop, of Sydney, Dr. Moran, will on the 9th of Juno leave the colony, for the purposo -if paying a visit to Rome on church business, the exact nature of the business, being at present not made public A cablegram states that the Archbishop has been chosen to succeed the late Cardinal McCabuas Archbishop uf Du.biin.v 