There was an interesting discussion on the subject of intercolonial reciprocity at the meeting of the Council of the Melbourne Chamber of Manufacturers on Monday. Mr F. Sxuabt, in-moving a resolution in favor,'..of."reciprocity, pointed out how important it was for this colony to secure an open market for its surplus produce.- We how send to; other colonies agricultural produce and manufactured articles to the. value of nearly £5,000,000 per annum. What would he the effect, upon this colony if that outlet were closed ? Both in manufactured articles and in farm produce Victoria now produces far more than is requisite for her own con sumption, and unless a profitable market can he found the result must he a restriction of production, a falling off in employment, -; and distress more , or less acute for all classes of the popu lation. For the greater part of’ the articles exported no market , could he found in the more distant ' countries of the world. In the adjoining colonies alone can we hope that our -surplus produce will he absorbed, and great care must, therefore, he taken to en sure a continuance of the lt may he said that we have succeeded under thepresentsystem—that although we impose duties on the produce of the,'' other; colonies, they. continue to purchase largely from us and, therefore, there: is no .necessity for adopting, a new ; system. But a strong feeling is growing up in the adjoining colonies against the continuance of the .present arrangements, which arc declared to he one-sided and unfair. It is claimed that if we tax : the produce of New South Wales and; South Australia,’-it is unfair to the., farmers of those-colonies that Victorian produce should he admitted free to -their ports. ; The 1 cry, therefore, is that, unless there is to he reciprocity there must be retaliatory duties. <\- HouV ! there is' xio ''use’ in ignoring” the fact that the adoption of a protective policy by the other colonies, so far as intercolonial trade- is concerned, must; ultimately have a disastrous effect upon Victorian, industries. Hitherto, .agri culture has heen a good deal.neglected in Hew South Wales, where the climatic conditions are not so -favorable to the ; industry as in this colony.; but the im position of import'duties on Victorian produce would encourage local culture; and we might expect the natui-al defi ciencies.to be compensated for by high duties. The result would be that in a few years Hew South Wales would supply her own wants, at an enhanced price, perhaps, but still they would be supplied, and an important and grow ing source- of wealth to tljis colony would be . effectually cut off The same . result might bo expected to follow-the imposition of duties on the many manufactured articles -we now send to the neighboring colonies. The population of Sydney is now. almost as large; as that. of Melbourne. -An inexhaustible supply of’;cheap-coal is .at hand, and the Inhabitants are of the same race as ourselves,withlike energy and skill Is there any reason, then. .why, with those <bee* <so; successfollyy ’ in 'this -colony.?, -should vr-nnt Vie-Srvvn.lWl it4«»j Sydney ? r So long as Victorians havO free accesslto Ihe .New South Wales markets, is Kttle v fear'of such 7 */ result, since Victoria hashad the Start by a quarter of a century, and even protected- industries in- New' :South Wales would- take nfany y«Jars r .Before • they, with.those,ot,,this~ colony. But. it .wouldronly the a ques tion of ..time when our. productions would be virtually shutout; and Vic torian manufacturers-restricted-to the ,home market. The speedy inaugura tion of a system of intercolonial would"tffectually check any ""attempts at establishing rival industries, and;. therefore,' it is that.no..: time . should be . lost in securing,"if possible, a free interchange 1 amongst the colonies^.. Once retaliatory duties have been imposed in the other provinces,- it-.may be too late- to -seeh reciprocity in order to preserve our in tercolonial trade. _ Vested interests will grow up in Sydney and Adelaide, and these will grow too powerful to ■allow of a return to -the free ’ importa tion of Victorian products. .And if we lose the colonial markets what is to be come of. a large number of; the 50,000 factory hands now. employed in this colony ti - With/ singular- perversity,--a political section:;' is endeavoring to. get up a cry against the proposed reci procity treaty with Tasmania.'. Certain industries, it is said, will be ruined if -the colony be swamped with Tasmanian produce; We need hardly say • that such alarmists’' statements are the pro ducts of ignorance.on the part of those who ; make them, or appeals to the ignorance of others. Even in the ■ matters of fruit arid jam Victoria ex ; ports’ more largely than-. Tasmania, and : it is obviously a delusion that produc tion lis materially less costly in that : ,colony than in this. Asa matter of fact, were the whole of the exports of ,'.Tasmania^'throwh-V-into'- ; our markets they would be.but slightly affected, and this is impossible," since "there would be no inducement to, Tasmanian exporters to . neglect the markets . already sup plied by. them in New South Wales and Queensland. . We have, neither extravagant hopes" nor fears' from the operation of the Tasmanian treaty," so far as the trade between these colonies is concerned. . The great . importance •attachable to" that measure' is that by accepting if Victoria, will". affirm the principle of intercolonial free trade and pave the way for similar arrangements with the other colonies. By listening to the false assumptions ofthe hostile critics and rejecting the treaty Victoria will declare in favor of a policy of narrow exclusiveness, ..the; declaration will stimulate the protective movement in New South Wales, Queensland," ’and South Australia, and the opportunity of placing the manufacturing and com mercial; supremacy, of- Victoria on a lasting basis .wdl be lost. Even as a matter of sentiment the colony which has adopted the federal- principle with enthusiasm should be ashamed tn cling to intercolonial fiscal - distinctions, but it. so happens that the, "position of Vic toria in relation to the other, colonies of the group is such that her material interests are ini "strict "unison with her federal sentiments, and point to inter colonial free-trade as -not only advis able but absolutely-essential to her future prosperity. The sooner, there-; fore, an example is set by the formal approval'of' the Tasmanian treaty the better it will be both for the interests and ,the reputation of the colony. In the admirable address delivered by the Bishop , of Melbourne to the Church of England Assembly on Monday, there were some remarks in relation to the democratic and social" move ments of the day which are worthy, of consideration by all classes, and by the Working class more particularly." The bishop’s contention was, briefly, that Christian'principles should -be brought to-bear upon all -the relations'of life, ; 1 mcluding - those incidental to' trade." Dr Mooioiodse alluded. approvingly tq those' trade ■' societies which constitute so prominent a feature of our modern social organisation. “But,”, said he, “ there is ever the danger that they may become one-sided arid selfish, that they may endeavor to' gain for working men those exceptional class privileges which were, seen to be . so odious when/ claimed or enforced by capitalists or nobles. In a fight it is seldom that ~the victor thinks of the rights of the vanquished, and now; tliat labor is win ning along the whole line, it is not impossible that it may -imitate the; selfishness which so long held it down.” It "was this very evil which led to the rejection of the Manchester; - social. philosophy . almost ■> as 'soon " as ' it was formulated. In the old days when the relations. between employers and employed were more personal than they have been during the last 50 years, moral considerations were taken into account by. both masters and servants. In the performance of his work the workman had regard for the reputation : and busipess success of his .employer," and. the latter did-not imagine that his moral responsibilities tomards his em ployes terminated-when certain services rendered had been paid for. The fac tory system, and the new mode of thought which 'came-in with it,- altered; all this. A stare of astonishment would have- been the only-response to a discharged; workman who- asked • the employer how he-was-next!week to -provide food for -himself'arid family. The- possible starvation- of a family was nothing to the employer who recognised • no'-higher social law than that of supply and demand. But is there not a ten-' dency on the part of labor organisations to .adopt this law.of selfishness, when the operation of supply and demand is. in • favor of .the ' employe rather than of the employer! If. terms can be im posed on an employer of labor there is too often an utter .indifference as to -whether they are.such as are likely,to produce ruinous results. If he makes any ‘complaint the workmen will very likely tell him that-his misfortunes, proximate or ultimate, are nothing to them, and that they are justified in getting, the utmost - for their labor which it will command' in the iriarket. But if that be right, Ith e employer is also justified In reducing Wages,whenever circumstances permit, andmn' combining with his fellows -to effeet that object, without reference-to the- profits i he is making. If- it be right* to. adopt ..the principle; oft pure 'selfishness on one side, it cannot be wrong to. act.;,upon -it -on [the" other." Wo"’,;can hardly blame :: -working / men for adopting that since /the evil example- was' set.them by' the sqhpol 4%proper|ito disgSeiata\ thb -sentiment of a-irommon'lriunajnty;' tjae confined that tKgre is something, /repulsive _in >seeing/ two trasses engaged iagta- common industry, ' an'advan tage over each -other. * What the: bishop would like to see is the placing .of -all questions of .trade and "work and wages in-the, light of Chris ,tian principles,: so,that,, such heavenly, flpwers as„ /orbearance and self-sacri ..fice- should thrive in them. Asa means to that end he would; pro-i mote the establishment of Christian -working men’s clubs not- to supersede trades societies, but to-aid them by.in-; flkencing the minds , of their members by a higher principle than now ob-i tain&' We fear there - is /not-much: prospect of reformation, -unless the two classes now .placed in .a position . of mutual antagonism are . drawn ; more closely together and accustomed to; act, in concert. So long os capital and labor -occupy- separate - • camps,--aad the negotiations . between them are conducted .by official representatives, there is little hope of kindlier feelings, springing up,= A system of limited partnership," in , which the two classes would .be forced to come together'tq : discuss the details/of : the industry in which they were mutually "and become accustomed to and recognise the troubles; and difficulties which each has to "experience, would do more to promote feelings " of mutual kindness" and forbearance than any amount of moral teaching conveyed separately to /each class,* At least half, the. strikes and lock-outs'which_occur are due to misapprehensions arising out. of ignorance ; and- we - believe --- industrial quarrels would be few, were employers, and employed more in each; others confidence." So long as capital and labor are separated there must needs beimore .-.0r,; less-, jealousy and conten tion," but the evil would be very greatly reduced, by- such a form of in dustrial . co-operation as would make the workman- share -in the gains and losses of. the. enterprises in' which- be was engaged. - ‘ A* deputation consisting of Messrs Hardy, -Seal, Murphy,-Fitzpatrick; Ferguson,- Gale, Lawn, and O’Connor, has been. appointed to wait on the- Minister of Mines to apply for the use-of a diamond drill -for-prospecting in Ballarat East. . The Minister will: receive the deputation at 11. o’clock to-day.' I Intimation has been received to the effect . that His Excellency" the Governor, on his" visit to Ballarat on the Bth -proximo, -will, arrive by special train at 12.30 p.nv The ! ceremony of opening the museum will take place at about a quarter-to one, and lunch : at 2 o'clock. His Excellencywill be accom panied., by Lady Loch,- his two daughters, and their; governess, and his private secre tary, Captain Traill. Admission to the museum during the opening ceremony will ■ be by ticket,-and donors to the school may procure tickets on application at the institu tion, , /. ; Our sporting contributor, “ Flaneur,” was successful yesterday in spotting the winner, of the -Great; ’Metropolitan.' " - “ Flaneur ” went direct’for,Despot or Acolyte;' Despot’s' . jockey fell- off,and-.-.Acolyte won. In refer ring to, this horse a few days ago; our con tributor said- that'when "the ''division-led on; By Coffey put down, their- pieces, -, they generally : picked up a great many: more.: “ Flaneur ” has made- a good-start for the :’SS season, his' selections having run first in the Guineas, Derby, and Metropolitan. ; The diamond drill at Sebastopol is work ing smoothly, having yesterday afternoon at tained a depth of 426 feet for less than a month’s work, or a-little more than * 100 feet per-week. , At a depth, of 227 feet wash Was passed -through, the core from which, on being “ panned oiit,” showed' several fine colors.” . A small; quartz vein, about 4 inches thick, was encountered at a depth of 392 feet; Since then the country ■ has con sisted of soft slate arid 'sandstone. . This is riow ! becoming harder and more settled, so that At'would appear as though the, reef, country is being neared. This, however,' is; riot expected to be met. with before a depth of -700 feet has "■ been reached, though; of course;’the exact point at which it may be" struck cannot he fixed. When, worked by the Guiding Star;Company,-the stone was yeiy payable, the yields averaging from "I qz to 14 oz per ton - . Work was discontinued owing to the great.influx of Water tliat was encountered, which proved to] heavy for the machinery. to .cope with "profitably. The country in which the bit is now working is highly charged ' with minerals, large-pieces of iriundie ■ being frequently seen in "the : core. •; We regret to learn that; owing to liis con tract Witli the military' for the supply of uniforms , having .. terminated ..'somewhat' abruptly, Mr George Schutze, thewell-kuown tailor; arid outfitter, of Sturt street,' is about tb discharge 50 of his hands. It seems that Mr Schutze .was the successful tenderer for the supply of 450 uniforms for the Ballarat Battalion; and he has noW. finished 300 of them* arid lias received, intimation to, the. effect/that, as a number of men have yet to be passed into the ranks, there will not for the present be any necessity to finish the contract .by making the -other 150.-uniforms. Of course the military.authorities are not to, blame,; but it is a pity that any hitch should, have occurred in/thematter, as Mr Soliiitze Was turning the clothing out in first-class’ ; style, arid -thewhole of his employes had just got into the run .of the Work. So far. the. uniforms made have given great satisfaction,- and Sergeant-major Brenchley,. who may fairly be reckoned.a judge in such, matters,' says that the. cut. and tailoring work’ per formed are-among the best of their kind he has soon supplied to the British and colonial forces. • - Friday, 2nd October, and Thursday, Bth" October, are: gazetted as public ami bank half holidays at Ballarat, and Friday,-,9th October, is/gazetted as a public arid” bank holiday at Clunes. ‘ The question of rabbit destruction cropped. up last night at--a meeting of the Ballarat Water Coujmission'ers. The chairman men tioned that .the destruction of the rabbits on (the reserves under the control of the Com missioners would soon press for their atten tion. -He hod been waiting to see- what 'the' Bungaroeshire Council intended to do in the matter.. The council were now serving,notices :on occupiers of land, requiring them to take; action, . and it .would he well for the Commissioners- to act. at the sainc time/ The - .question- -was which, plan .to.- adopt in eradicating the pest. The bisulphide of carbon was very effective in its action; but also very expensive. -Poisoned grain was cheaper, and perhaps as effective. ; He sug gested that it pc laid,on the-reserves -at the. . Yankee Mill and the Victoria (Cameron’s)■ paddock,- above Beale’s. The. necessary.’ notices would ’ have to'‘he given, and the laying of the. poisoned chaff there would probably .have the.effect of/preventingthe; Gommissiqnersirom suffering- so- mucli from the trespass' of "cattle. The matter was left in the-hands., of the chairman to aot'wheri advisable; The Ballarat - Water. Commissioners -were waited on.dast.night by a deputation; con sisting of-Messrs J. C. Smith,. R. Bell, - and J. T. Williams", , on behalf of the Ballarat; .Woollen Mill-Company, to request that': the ■amount paid by the company per 1000 gallons ■ for. water - might he reduced. - Mr Bell urged that for the 12 or 13 years of the company’s; existence they had received no return for their oritlay of £40,000 in capital, ■ and payment of £l2OO or £l3OO a year in wages, &c.; -He also pointed out that the , miU found employment for about 120 ' hands, and on that, account deserved consideration. The chairman (Mr J. Noble Wilson) pointed out that the Phoenix Foundry -Company, who. received water on the same terms,- were in a much worse condition; - - They had not' paid a siugle dividend yet, and tho-Woolleu"- Mill Company had'done so. Mr Smith- re marked - that - it would be a- pity if the Commissioners -compelled the com pany- to'- construct: a- dam; / This coiild: be done for-£5OO, and they could then ■get - what-water- they; wanted. "TTio chair- • man replied " that , the directors - would very . .wiselyj - m ; bnsinete- ; men; / refuse to -. pay even Id per 1000 gallons if they- could get it . fortesai si»l^Biatsif_tlrey.thought the dam WoplA] .they, -/would-,-construct large- manufacturers te ' and 3 the . - redaction.. fyrete rqade-3if"onn case it would have to be in would mean a very slight '■gafartohthe eqmpany, and a loss annually to ;the comiwswonera of £2106 10s 6d, which of 4d in the £ to rat& Mr Bell-asked that the commissioners shogla visit the mill, before they.finally-vetoedtlie retmest.and-thißthey "promised to do. - The chairman remarked that the commissioners were most anxious "fb .forward.the. interests, of-the -eity, djf-they - could'see their way . clear, sto this .question, it would give'lhem 'gfeal pleasure to do -so. The'matter was ultimately re-, riejrred to a committee of the whole to con sider and finally deal With. at their next? meeting. i (The Rev. Dr Roseby, of New Zealand, who is now on a visit to Ballarat, last night -delivered a; very interesting lecture at the ■schoolroom in connection with the Congrega tional Church, Dawson street. Mr Figgis, , who occupied the chair, introduced the rev.' lecturer with a few appropriate remarks. There was a good attendance, and the sub ject of the lecture was “ A Visit to the Hot Springs and to the Terraces of Rotomahana.” Hi: Roseby, in commencing his lecture, re ferred to the striking sights which meet the eye on the road from Auckland to the hot springs, including the-view of the "Waikato River, which is to he obtained some 35 miles from Auckland. The beauty and majesty of the great river were graphically described, aijd it wai pointed out that the river -.dis charged every minute 840,000 cubic feet of water, and drained nearly 4800 square miles of country. The lecturer then spoke of the town of Mercer, and of the gallant captain after which the place had been named. The mili tary struggle of 1863 was introduced, " and the .under General Cameron .and, : ot|bei’ letrilers was'brought-vividly before*the; 'audience. Dr Roseby then went into -a description of the particular portion of the country under notice, and was loud in his praise of- the beautiful scenery to be met with- at various points. —The" hot and sul . phurous ’ springs were subsequently touched upon bythe rev. lecturer, who said the num ber and variety, of the medicinal springs were/amazing, Speaking. , off his guide, a • Maori woman, Dr Roseby remarked that she' -Was a fine specimen of the half-caste race, tall, erect, walking with a certain stately dignity of mien, and he was delighted to see her wearing the blue ribbon. 8 “It was Mrs Levettwho pinned the piece of blue on my breast;” said the- Maori woman, “she is a good "lady;/:-she?/kissed me.” (Applause.) Mrs Levett, the lecturer hoped, ■ Would be shortly in Ballarat. (Hear, hear.) The Christian worship of the Maoris was dwelt-upon at some length, and.'other.-in-': teresting matters were alluded t 6, and the lecturer concluded, after speaking for nearly two hours, amidst applause. The usual votes of thanks terminated the proceedings. j The dispute in connection with the Bun \- garee Racecourse and—Recreation Reserve has nofyet come to a proper settlement.* At the meeting of the Bungareeshire Council yesterday, a letter was received from Mr M. Burke, secretary of the Racing Club, com plaining of the action of Mr Russell, M.L.A , in reference to the appointment'of trustees, and asking the council to assert their authority by inducing the Minister of Lands to have those persons gazetted as trustees whom the council had already recommended for _that purpose. The council ’decided to again communicate with the Minister on the subject, -ft. 1 / , .' ■ Somev.thoughtless; person residing on Soldiers - Hill has, during the past week, circulated a report to the effect that “ a ghost ” is nightly parading Armstrong street north, near the junction with Seymour street. It is almost unnecessary to state that this kind of practical joking is calculated to do a -deal of harm, and already several nervous females fesidingun the-looality are afraid to venture abroad after dark. • • Active preparations are now being made at Lake Wendburee for .the opening of the rowing season, and each blub appears deter mined to go in for daily practice in order, if possible, to achieve fresh victories at the ensuing regattas.. The City Rowing Club’s members’ list is " being" daily added to, aiid Mr Toy, his brother officers, and committee are arranging the interior of the boathouse in order to secure increased comfort for members. The lockers haye all been re aUotted, and above each appears’the same of the oarsman to whom it belongs. The Ballarat and Wendpurce Clubs are also put-- ting their boathouses in order for the ap proaching season, and by the opening of-., the aquatic term .-everytiling wol.be in readiness for a proper start'in practice. . . i The. Bungareeshire Council yesterday struck a rate of 2s in-the-£ on all ratable property in the shire for the ensuing year. -Mr Turpie, J.P., attended at the Town Court yesterday, and dealt with a person charged with being intoxicated.. There was no other business before the Bench. \- Complaints are being made relative to the use of shanghais 'by boys’ in' the neighbor hood of the municipal gardens in Ballarat East. Asa number of imported songsters’ make the gardens theta daily haunt, the practise of firing at the birds is all the more • serious, and should be checked as soon as possible. : Prior to encountering wash, the’diamond drill at Sebastopol passed through a seam of lignite. Unfortunately the drill “ lost the water ’ at the time —in other words, the water which forces the .pulverised material up the core barrel escaped into some porous strata. The result was that part of’the core -was .washed away, and only about 3 inches in thickness of; Ugnite/was brohgbt/tp the surface. r - "'"* ' " ‘ . Complaint has been inade to the Bungaree shire Council, through Cr Lord, of the indis crimate use ofifirearms by a-number:of- young ,nien in Balkirat north, to the imminent "danger sometimes of the residents in the locality, and to the destruction of their property in the shape of dogs, pigeons, and other live - stock. The. depredators, it is stated, shelter themselves behind the fact that .they are outside the city boundaries, and rcanndt cdhse.queutlybe ! proseeuted : for'firing* .off the weapons. It may. be explained for their benefit, however, that under the Police Offences Statute they .may be proceeded against for discharging firearms in any public place, and they are accordingly liable to prosecution for the offence, whether it occurs outside the .city boundaries or not.- i The Mayor (Mr Salter) " and "Mr D. Fitz patrick, J’s.P., werethe presiding magistrates at the City Police Court yesterday morning. : Two persons were dealt with on charges of drunkenness, one of them, who had offended while in charge of a -hqrse_aml dray, being ;fined 10s, in default three days imprison ment. A good deal of time, of the bench was taken up in the hearing of a case arising out of an unfortunate family quarrel, in which Mrs Ellen Askwitlr charged her husband, ■John Askwith, with aggravated assault, and also applied to have him hound over to keep the peace"; The complainant statcd tbat the defendant had on the 6tli’instant severely ill-trca,ted her,.kicking her and striking her in the eye. Mrs Askwith called one of her children, a la'dl hiiie years of age,^’ that he had seen his lather strike his motheri Mr Gaunt, for the defence,-called, a number 'of witnesses, and stated that' the complain ant had run her husband ’ deeply * into debtj and had since left his house because she aval -ashamed to meet him. The bench,' after a little consultation,- dismissed both; cases; A couple of "debt Cases were ‘disposed of, and' -the court'adjourned. -During the week' ended, 27th September, \- the sum of £40,434 8s . was received on- the Victorian Railways, against £40,804 15s 8d for the cbn-esponding weekm last year.: -The Ballarat Water Commissioners held an adjourned meeting last night. A report of the proceedings appears in another part of : The Star. -.The J ewiah.Tabernacle irieuce this evening at sunset.. The service will he held in the synagogue at 6 o’clock. ■ . ; The committee of the Eisteddfod are very successful in obtaining valuable prizes for .competition; - Besides the annual prizes of R. H. Sutton and Cos. Violin with bow and case, value . £lO 10s; flute, value £4 4s; cornet in box, value .£6 ,6s; Madame Tasca, gold medal; Miss Ada’Willetts, gold medal; -A. T. Thompson, gold modal; G. Herbert, .R. A.M., A. H, King, and Mrsß. Roberts, they have obtained valuable prizes from A. Craw , ford, R. T. Vale, -J. Ewins,- R, Ramsay; Allan, music warehouse, Melbourne; and a fraud piano from Bvinsmead and Cos:; Md ourne. The programme will be issued in a few days, giving further particulars. ■Mr E. L. Yenoken, of the well-known firm of Messrs Yencken and Cos., glass and paint importers, of Melbourne, last night enter • tained a number of citisans of Ballarat at ■Lester’s hotel. ■ Mr. Yeneken presided, and the vice-chair-was filled by Mr,Slack. ,A number of toasts- were proposed and duly 'I., ■ honored, including that of Means Y encbetot and Cos.” and “ Sncceaa.to the firau”A,Soifij«] were • aung fine 1 , principal Slack, Hartley, ahd'Douai4»on. Mr} Hartley presided at they,;pianoy>A very’ pleasant evening was spent Mr George, Albert .Beyer, whoyhas for many years 7 had Tatibridgelsi business, has •. commenced • biAuiess' Ihi Lydiard street os an auctioneer nntt'-’general %ommiBsion'agent~~r-Mr-Beyer;-being-80-well:- .knownr.nin?;.'this: with' Ia- riiirnbotv ofileadihg societies, Town, wilP n0,.-ydoubt .command re,j large amountof-support.- He - conducts bis *first sale on Friday, when ho will sell by public auction Mrs- Edmundson’s furniture -and effects, in; Victoria street,-full particulars of which: appear , in' Tour advertising’* columns. Persons 1 ' having'accounts against "Mr Ed" mjnndson are requested to forward the some to the anotioneer by 10 o'clock oil’Friday! ;A rich treat (writes pur local correspon dent) was afforded the’BolwafraU folk bn Monday night, the Egerton Glee Party giv ing an entertainment, musical and literary, of a high order. The whole of the numbers were "rendered well, special mention being made of Mr Presley’s rand'. Mr Williams’ - solos. A-'trio- by’.Messrs' Williams, ’ Evans, and Nicholls, fairly brought down the house, and am encore Cwas: imperatively, demanded, and was given. Mr Presley’s solo, with an invisible chorus, was very effective. Mr Presley gave a reading, “ The death of poor Jo,” with gre;it feeling, ahd ! the' dialogue “(Edward and Warwick,” as rendered by Messrs Presley and Nicholls, proved those gentlemen .to have histrionic abilities of no mean order. - Unfortunately the extremely wet weather affected the attendance, but those’present will not soon .forget, their. treatr~ . ■ (The quarterly . meeting of . the Bnninyong. branch of -the Australian-' Natives’ Associa tion was held in the .Temperance Hall,on Monday last; the president, Mr Sleeman, in the chair, aml 3o members,present. Cor respondence, wasreoeived from secretary of board of directors,' stating that'the new rules were 7 now.registered, and that they were to come into ' force ‘at. the! beginning of the quarter. A syllabus card was received from tHo City of Richmond branch.; Anew mem ber who was present ivaai. introduced and took his seat., One. nomination for member-, ship was received. Sick pay to the-amount of £1 lOs was passed. Mr T. Gresham was nominated as committeeman vice Mr Maloney (resigned).- ;Mr A. Peyroux was nominated as auditor pro tem. bn account of Mr Chap-’ m’an'being out of the.district. Thepresi : dent, .delivered .a' very.interesting essay oh ‘ ‘lmperial Federation, for which the essayist. .was tendered the best thanks of the meeting. Dr Hardy promised, to give a lecture-some evening when convenient. The treasurer re ported cash taken £lB I7s. ‘ -The; congregation of. Trinity. Church,' Springs, ha,ye for a considerable time labored under, great disadvantage through the want of trustees for their church,- owing to death; and removal - from the district of gentlemen 7 whp‘ held' that position. On Monday, last Mr Joseph Fraser, one of the remaining trustees,-held a meeting in the churchwhen the following gentlemen were elected -by the congregation to fill up the trust, viz., Messrs Thomas Tirewin, William Scott; and Samuel Hammond; aril residents of Springs. : : At the Warden’s Coixrt, Smythesdale, yes terday, before Mr. Warden Thomson, Wil liam;: Hunt sand, others proceeded against Fredk.- Chasey and others. ’’ This was -a dis pute arising out of a mining lease of certain land situate at/Argyle;-near Linton, granted about 14 years ago i» the, plaintiff by a man named* Donald Hood, who'then owned it, bilt which was abandoned by the plaintiffs for abaut two * years. ■ In- the meantime Chasey, one of .the. defendants, purchasedthe ground and; formed a party to'minet hereon under miner’s-rights, and had it surveyed by the district mining surveyor, Mr John Lynch. It -appeared from the ■ evidence that the plaintiffs determined,; if possible,' to regain possession of the ground, to which they con sider they were entitled, and inthe mouth of July last applied forand-obtained a-' lease' for thA purpose of carrying on mining opera-' tipns under the' hew’’ Mining on Private ■ Property'Act, which was produced in court, duly signed by the Governor of the colony, and sealed, and in.the'month'of-' August fol lowing. - Mr John Hardy appeared for the plaintiffs, and Mr Finlayson, instructed by Mr Agar -Wynne, for the defendants. A niimber of witnesses .were .examined, and after numerous law points had been raised, and lengthy-arguments ’ tisedby the learned counsel on both sides, the further hearing of the. ,case; .at about half-past 1-o’clock, was adjourned to'Tuesday next; at Biillarat; ’ ’ ! A code of regulations differing in many important respects-from those previously ispued under. the Education Act .1872 was‘ passed at -the ’meeting of "the Executive Council on Monday. In the first place, the standards of all the classes in’the; course of free instruction have boeii ■- considerably raised. Provision is now made in all classes for general, loss'dns, which were previously not compulsory, and were not imparted' in consecutive series for different classes. These lessons include elementary, teaching upon scientific .subjects.. The leaming.of. poetry is ; extended to all classes, and special’ atten tion is to bo paid to the teaching of history in the higher classes. A number of altera tions have been effected in "the direction of extending the teaching of geography, gram mar, and arithmetic, and an effort has been made to render the instruction in arithmetic t ifibre practical than hitherto. The pupil course has been extended, with a view to,making it harmonise : with; the’ ex tended course ’of free instruction. / The examinations for honors have 'been brought into accord with’the University ; examina tions, and those for exhibitions have been altered so as to restrict the subjects to those included in.the free course, Latin, French, and algebra being excluded. ,Tlie question of intercolonial 1 reciprocity,, wias discussed on Monday , evening at the meeting, of the council of , the /Victorian CTiainber of Manufactures. The president (Mr F. Stuart) tabulated figriVes showing the nature, and extent of Victorian exports to other parts of 'Australasia, and contended ‘ that,.viu ; the, interests both of farmers and manufacturers, it was becoming imperative that, a system of reciprocity shouldbe estab lished between the colonies. Mr Stuart : ex pressed his great surprise at finding that the Tasmanian reciprocity treaty ’.was-.meeting with so.nnich opposition in the colony, and urged that the Government should receive every assistance, towards: obtaining Parlia mentary ratification of the agreement.; A motion affirming the desirableness of recipro city.(says the Argus) was eventually carried unanimously, and the resolution was ordered to be submitted to the full chamber.* •, ■. ■ ■A crowded meeting was held in the Ade laide Town' Hall, on Monday night, under the auspices of tiro Social-Purity Society, the mayor presiding,; to [ consider 'the ' Social Purity^Bill" Repfesentatiyes of the, -leading denominations in the polony spoke, , and, on the motion of (Bishop Reynolds, 'a resolution of raising the ago of consent from 15 to 16, arid striking 'but the .proviso sufficient excuse where a* mad has reasonable grounds for'believing that a girl is 16 years'of ago was carried with acclamation. ■- -Among' the speakers was Dean , Russel;. who repre sented the Auglican-Church.. . Apologies were received from several members of Parliament. The Salvation Army took a prominent part in the meeting. ■ !A Warrnambool telegram published in the Age says that-Dr Moore; Roman Catholic Bishop of. Ballarat, formally consecrated St. Aim’s Church at Par win;-on Sunday. The ■ church has recently been' renovated and en larged. -The bishop promised £2O towards' the cost of , crecting a schoolhonse, and £lO annually for its maintenance. Steps-were taken to establish.a school.. : ■A-telegram from-Hobart published in the Argus says that, at the late.meeting of the Roman Catholic synod a ballot was taken for . the election. 1 (of representatives 1-of the clergy of Tasmania at the plenary council to he;held iif Sydney in November next, under the pi csidency of Cardinal -Moran - .-' Three clergymen were., nominated, - -and - Father Hetiueherry was- elected, by a considerable majority.: • ; . . A Swede' named Charles Gustafson,- 30 years of age, was; arrested yesterday by De tedtive Charles and Constable, Jphuston, on a charge of sheep stealing. The -animals in question, GO in number, are very valuable, and are the property of Mr Thos. Sanderson’ a squatter,, of Arehdalo station, Bealiba, near Dunolly. A warrant has been-in exist ence against Gustafson for some time, and the party suspected to be he was watched by' the : detective and constable until they secured what was considered sufficient evi dence of -his- identity; to warrant (.them ' in making the arrest.: It was ascertained that the sheep - had been forwarded .by "rail to Melbourne and offered for sale by the wife of the accused? 1 She was arrested, and re ;mandodbv ibo'-Dimollv 1 bend, ai-rest ofMier h’nsba'udK’ This’ f ® n . dln gthe, been effected, Gustafson will b e remln 8 i •appeap at Dunolly to -'answer to tlm “2 edt ° The officers/ who had'charge of tb?„' Jlarge ’ serve Wdifi for tlic ma.ufr have earned it so far to a suecessfuHssue^ 7 Dr Moorhonse,presided on Tliursd'iv a -noon'-lost-at the.'iiionthly Board Missions. ©„ t , B f mendatmn of the Primate, that the ;expaienceA-:EnropKin shouldbe secured specially for missions in-Victoria and New-Sofith'^vT 8 ' rtherbmhop was requested to _the Chnrph Missionary Society wliriW™? •a person could-be engaged The w i.« stell a mte -fbr^'church"iS DayiS 6 purohase of a mission hoiwe at B -wkS" were considered, and two iuterestin- from converts now : n m f or vP ort B .in. ithe..colony,? lamed reTn 6^7 Ching Waw and St. ..James Gazette), in in.itntiou of Mho Gorman landwehr system {under ■“ period of training-! 12 iiys) rt hef ' suit of the experiment is not 7 b»’Si le i satisfactory by. the Fieaeh military pap”? The Arcmr Jlff.fa.re praises the punctual with which the men cams forward ClI?' rapidity -with;, which they cfinipped selves for duty, but it rtrougly 1 "^"^ want' Df m «‘toty : discing Ihey were;rather,, it,says, like hastily S' bands: than dike an. army; they Ju!f and sainted their officers, and never their no? and each man caS his rifle on the march as he liked Q, r faults may appear trifling; h ut f tit ng!d discipline and, drill that an arm/c™ gap that muty ; of action to wliich the German :armics , have : chielly' owed tW success. : . mwr ißille clubs havo.beoii declared established mirtcv too new regulations applicable to the" Militia at Chetwyud, Ferntrce Gully Ball-m Inglewood, St. Morirep’ Learmontli, Tatnra',' Kyahram, Nal-amhie '&t; y " P r'' yrtlefp , rd ’ ; Kera "S. ColeraL; Talbot, Maryborough,-, Ararat, Boohnrm, Dimolly,: CMltein," ft Casterton, WalhaUa, Sandford. Bridgewate? Wandibgong Stawell,: Kmmnkah. Linton’ aSaifnt 0 ’ ' seeoh ' V -° , ' tll > A1 P ! - D < jit has been stated,(says the Age) that the -members, of the . Garrison ’ Artillery at Queenseliff are deserting, and that great dissatisfaction exists amongst the men account of the fatigue duties imposed upon “s® m and the domiiiccriug maimers ofW officers. -These statements are gross exag gerations. .One or two men have deserted" but not_ a single case of complaint about fatigue duty, or one of ’insubordination has been reported at the fort within the last two weeks. , -The .American Consul- General, Colonel Morgan, • lias requested all United States citizens resident in_ Australia to forward their addi esses to him for the purposes) of registration. --It appears that numerous en quiries,reach the. consulate from persons in tlie States desiring information respecting friends who have emigrated to these colonies, and in some cases considerable sums of money are involved. .The annual session of the Church of Eng land Assembly for the diocese of Melbourne was- opened on Monday. The Bishop of Melbourne, who presided, delivered the usual opening address. After making power ful appeals :to the members of the church for aid on behalf of certain of its fuuds and institutions, he'expressed his approval of the proposal which is to be submitted this ses sion ior the creation of anew diocese, of; Sandhurst, and his hope that when Vic toria is divided into three dioceses it would be made an ecclesiastical province. The present diocese of Melbourne had grown ' until it was too large for one bishop, and the work told upon him more than it did. He also advocated the proposal for the estab lishment of a Church of England Girls’ High .School, which is .to bo dealt with this ses sion. Referring to the White Cross Union, formed for the promotion of social purity, the bishop, adapting to this colony a saying of Mr Moody- regarding England, declared that the greatest danger of Australian young men was hot drunkenness, hut im purity. ;He briefly eulogised the labors of the Salvation Army, in the rescue of the fallen,- and mentioned the systematised offorts in 'the same direction begun by the Church of England in Melbourne, which he spoke of as “ a deadly labyrinth of sin.” He also dwelt at some length on the desirable ness of enlisting .as many working men as possible in the ranks of church members and workers, recommending particularly the for mation of a Church of England Working. 'Men’s Society. In this connection he advo cated lay help in organisation. Social ques tions wore coining to the front, and it was most important that such questions should be considered by the working men inthe light of Christian principles. He spoke hopefuUy of. the tendencies of thought of the working classes. The address was listened to (by a large .audience. A little business was subsequently done. Two bills—one to con solidate and amend the law relating to trus tees and vestries, and the other to establish a Church of England Girls’ High School, were read.a first time. The Argus correspondent reports:—“An inaugural meeting was held in the Town hall, Sydney, on Monday night, in connec tion with the Australian Natives’ Associa tion. The Victorian delegates, Messrs A. J. Peacock and. 0. E. Wilson, were present. Mr Peacock, who occupied the chair, gave an account of the Victorian association, which, he said, had been the means of doing much good as a benefit society. Hu took exception to ;the views of Sir John Robertson as to the . desirability of establishing such an associa tion here, and ..pointed out that Lord Rose bery, when in Victoria, bad enquired into .the working of their society, was much pleased aud satisfied with the good work it had ’ done, and had wished them every success,The office-bearers for the Sydney society wore elected, Mr Thomas Caddy being chosen president. It was announced that a branch society-had been fonnedat Miulgce.” ' The Sydney correspondent of the Arjas ’referring* to the case of Barton v. Bank or New; South Wales says: —“Onr primary judge’in equity has just given an importan decision, that backs up one previously giv® in j another case, and which restricts tn 'powers of banks to sell land mortgaged to them as security. Mr Barton lias just re covered and possession of land now , ™ I ?“ £lO,OOO, which was .absolutely conveyedoy bis father to discharge a debt of £4OO. 4 Court has ruled that tliough the conveyanc was absolute, it did not preclude the n S“*. the vendor to-recover on payment ol debt, so long as the bank continued ™ the laud. It was also held that tba da ’charter was against its trafficking in lan ( a profit.: The -decision is very importan, because it affects the millions of acres squatting property which the banks hoi security, and the tendency may be to comp . the banks to force sales whenever they realise their advances.” 