fHMscellaneoug. tiraiulmotlicv Gray, BY MRS, M, L, IIAVNE. I THINK Tommy Gray fully appreciated the (act that his bread vtas buttered on both sides for when ho got into a street riot with Charlie Wilson, who threatened to tell Tommy's father and get him an "all-fired liokin'," Master Tommy just ran off flaying ! "Dassn'tl I've got a grandmother tow homo." Tommy's grandmother waa the kind of A woman who is all firo and flams in youth and all ashes-of-rose in old age. She had been a beauty once, but thero waa nothing to show for it but " the tender grace of a day that was dead." WrinklbS had taken tho place of dimples, her eyes had burned themselves out, her oheeks wera shrivelled, and as for. teeth sho had only two in her head, " But, thank the Lord, they are opposite t'eaoh other," aaid Grandmother Gray. Sho had a lap for tho ohildren, too-most grandmothora don't havo any lap-and she sung thorn to sleep every night. Tommy had made her promise in an unguarded moment that she would rook him to wleep until he WBB 21\. She seemed in a fair way to do it, but she reposed liia overgrown feet and limbs on a ohair and fondled the ourly head till ho had just " awakeness" left, after hia grand matin vespers, to enable him to steer straight to bed. The songs sho sung were very funny ones, or very sorrowful. They wore either of the " ti rooral-to-Ioo" order, or like." Hark, from tho tombs a doleful sound." What Tommy liked most waa the Scotoh miniatreloy. Ho cover tired of " Over tho water and over the lea, And ove^ the water to Oharley, Oh, Oharley loves good ale and wine And Oharley loves good brandy, And Oharley loves to kiss tie girls As sweet as sugar candy." Tommy thought thero waa an educational difference botween him and Oharley, but ho made no comment for fear of being deprived of tho music. On Sundays she sang; U " I'm wearin' awa, Jean, | Like anaw wreath in thaw, Jean, I'm wearin' awa To the land o' the leal." "An' what is 'tho leal,' grandmother?" Tommy would ask. And the aged woman would fix her sad, tired, patient eyes on tho bluo beyond and make answer in her low, quavering voice: " It's ayo to be true, ma boy, true to your king, true to your God, and owor true to yoursol'," The old lady had soma quaint ways, One of these was always to attend tho grandest church in tho parish, where a celobratod divino preached in the modern vernaoular of amended theology. " Why do you go to hear so difficult a preaohor ?"Komeono asked the old lady. " Do you understand him ? " "Na," she answered, " I dinna hear a word that ho says." " Then what pleasure oan you'get out of his sermons." » "Ohildl" answered the old lady re verently, " can't I see tho holy wag of his head?" " Is thero a pot of gold at tho end of the rainbow, grandmother ? " that graceless Tommy would ask. " Ayo, child." " And does anybody find it ? " "Ayo, many. And they go far first. It's not in tho fleBh you'll find what lies hid at the end of tho rainbow." Sho could tell time by tho flowers and the sun. She had ceen a ghost. She could find Job's coffin in tho sky,. Sho had a charm for i bruises and cuts, It was like entertaining an angel unawares to havo this dear old lady with thorn, for, under her little superstitions, lay a grand soul. Ono day she counted her years and aaid " I'm getting old." ? "Konsenso, mother," they laughed at her. " You aro only a girl of 80." " I remember when I was 18, and had roaes on my cheeks," she said. " I wonder when thoy will ever be there again." Ono night tho ohildren went into her room to be rooked. Sho sat in tho twilight, and the lamp was unlit. She sent them away, first kissing them all around. Sho kissed Tommy twice; he looked liko his grandfather whose likeness sho had worn in a breastpin for forty yoars. " I'm expectin' company," she said to them. " Gang your ways, and God's blessing go with ye." It was Tommy who jumped up in the night from a fearful dream and ran into grandmother's room for comfort. She still sat in the window. At least her figure was there, but Grandmother Gray had gone away with hor company. 