Why Did He Wed Her ? ? w- ? BY MSS. SOTJTHWORTH. AUIHOB. OF 'THE HIDDEN HAND,' 'SELF- MADE,' 'THE BEEDE OF AN EVENING,' &c.; [We here give a synopsis of that portion of the Btory which has already been published, eo that readers of the Evening News who have not closely followed the preceding oha,t-ters can begin with this instalment and understand it just the samo as though they read it all from the beginning. Cleve Stuart, the hero, was engaged to Lamia Leegh, a poor bat beautiful woman, who was a governess in the tich Vansitart family, of New York. Cleve, having lost his property in Mississippi by the late war,, was pooi-. Miss Leegh, learning that a poor,' dying girl named Palma Hay, who had loved Cleve from childhood, had fallen heir to a fortune in England, persuaded Cleve to marrV her, so that, on her death, which must occnf in a few days, he would be in possession of her fortiipie. Then, in due time, Cleve and Miss Leegh could marry and live in wealth and splefidor. After much, hesitation Cleve consented to take this course, sought out the sick Palma, and asked her to be his wife/ She joyfully consented; but the very day that Cleve^ removed her, with her nurse, Mrs. Pole, to an &oteLin; the country, preparatory to the wedding, Miss 'Leegh learned that a cousin of Palnia's, the son of an, elder brother of her father's, had turned up in California, and was heir to the Hay title and estates. She told Cleve of this, and directed him to desert Palma at onee, but his faith having been pledged to the poor girl, he would not break it. This enraged Miss Leegh. and her engagement with Cleve was abandoned. Meanwhile, Eandoiph Hay, familiarly known as Ean, the heir to the English estate, who had started from g. miner's camp in California for San Francisco, »n his way to England, bad been shot and robbed by 9\. companion, Geoffrey Delamere, usually called Gentleman Geff, who then assumed the charac ter o£ the heir, and hoped to be recognised as such in England. Gentleman Oeff, with all of Ean's docn ments, arrived in New York, called on the lawyers having the Hay matters in charge, and satisfied them that he was the true heir. He also met Lamia Leegh, was fascinated ty her beauty, proposed to ter, and was accepted. On his return from England, whither he had been to prove his heirship and be |-ut in possession of the Hay estate, he was followed by his English wile, to whom he was known as Captain Kightly Montgomery. She discovered ilia plot to marry Lamia Leegh, and in order to pre vent her from exposing him, he stabbed her, at night, in a street of New 'iork, and left her for dead. But she 'was taken to a hospital, where she soon began to recover. A detective named Dryant was put on the case to find out who had stabbed her; but Mrs. Montgomery, having given birth to a babe, could not bear to injure its father, and so refused to ive the detective auy information about her hnsb gand. But he got a photograph of him from her trunk, had copies of it taken, and distributed them among the police. The first result of this was the arrest of Cleve Stuart, who strongly resembled the photograph. Cleve was soon set at liberty, and went to the Pine Mountain House, in New Jersey, to bring bis wife — for he had married Palma Hay — to the city. Meanwhile Kan was picked up by a hunter named Longman, carried to a fort near by, and put under the surgeon's charge. Mrs. Moseley, the wife of the colonel in command of the fort, who had been a friend of Ean's family, recognised him, and he was cared for tenderly. Judy Man, an Irish girl, betrothed to Han, and whose brother Mike had been his partner in the mines, having dreamed that Ban had been nearly killed, followed him to the fort, and was taken in charge by Mrs. Moseley. Mike Man, the day after Judy's flight, having learned from a note that Judy left for him where she had gone, hastened after her to the fort, accompanied by Andrew Quin, a fellow miner. On their way they found the remains of a man in the forest, which they supposed to be those of Gentleman Geff. They arrived at the fort with Longman, and the next morning they were to see Judy, and also Ran, -who was now convalescent. How things went With them all is told in the following instalment, j CHAPTEE XXXII.— A Meeting. All thingra most change To something nevr, to something strange ; Nothing that is can pause or star ; The moon will wax, the moon will wane. The mist and cloud Trill turn to rain, The tain to mist and cloud again, To-morrow be to-day. — Kehamos. The nearer the dawn the darker the niglit, And by going wrong &U; tluiigE come right ; Things hare been mended at their worst, And at worst the nearer they are to mend. — The Baeos op St Cabtixe. Jady, carrying on her arm the little basket of ^bildren's stockings that Mrs. Moseley had given her to darn, left the colonel's quarters, feeling very happy in. having something to do for the ' good, lady' who had been so kind to her and to Ban. She Bang as she tripped along the walk, between flower beds, on her way to the hospital. The wild 'birds 'were singing too, for the day was very fine, the sky very blue, and the air very fresh and full of perfume. What the bir-!b -jaug bird linguists only could translate, all others could only understand *? Joy' in the 'Bonga,' but not the 'songs.' But ?what the IriBb. maiden sang -was a refrain from one of the old melodies of lier favorite national poet, Tom Moore. She sang freely, rap turously, because Bhe thought there was no one but the birds in hearing : Oh! there's nothing half so sweet in life ! As love's young dream 1 TSo \ there's nothing half eo sweet In life Ab love's yonnjj — ' G-ed Lorrd save hb, Mike ! Is it yourself, sure ? Or is it your ghost ? Or have ye dhropped down from the clouds foreninst me the day?* suddenly exclaimed Judy to the brother whom she had butted in her walk. ' Sure, and if s a pretty chase as ye've led me, through fifty miles av a howling wUdtheraiss! What the divil ivir possessed ye to start on ach & wild- goose chase afther a dhrame?' demanded Mike, more in merriment than in displeasure. ' Sure, thin, me dhrame Mm thrue, and jestified itself/ retorted Judy. ' It'e ravin' mad ye was to set off yer lone fcoj walk ..through thim woods. Ifs -jest wonderful the wolves didn't ate ye, or the Injuns ekelp ye, or the rnffins murther ye.' '1 had dear Tip with me. He wouldn't let anything harrum me.' ? ' Two days and a night on the thramp ! You, £- young gurrul! Two days and a night on the thramp !' *I dept in a big, beautiful hollow tree, with Tip shaping at the f ut av it and keeping one eye open on guard.' ' Oqh ! bad cess tall it all, it's glad 111 be whin y»r safe married to Misther Hay, and aff the hands av meself '.' ' Aft the Tm-nflg av ye ] Hear till Tiitn ! Whin I've been mifcher and t eyther to ye ivir since we lin away thegether and sit up honse-kaping, let ?lone being your own twin ewiBhter* 'And so ye hev, Judy. And Fd brek the jaw mr the man as would say ye hadn't. And how is the bhoy himself ?' ? Hfn.tiitijy Ban P* *Av course 1 Mailing Ban/ 'Oh, thin, he's out av danger, and much better, the saints be praised, ile'e aslope now. Or laeteways he was aslape whin I lift -half sn hour ago, to get me dinner. . - ? . ' Stfre, and he must be one av the eivin slapers. He was aslape whin I kem tins morning and axed k- see him.* 'And the more heuiapesthe better for him. But whin dia you *ay you tam, Mike— -this jnorn inr?*, ... ' And what med ye come? Mike, avaP' * ' What med me come! &e;« tai her ! Wouldn't I come toiooTc aftfoer ye, hxlfy t* ' So yon found the writing, did ye, Mike I' 'Ytt! fert not ttnta. -the nlxt morning. Sure,! was late getting home that same night, and I thought ye had^t «reu wia;#al«B^ on me, ftftS h^tilrnea-intottgOTftjto«lape;ter, d?2fa36efc,t|(B blanket *as lianging flown |6«iiw* i« Jjed, ;. So not toL disturb ye, I turned in meself as quiet as . I could, and nivir a suspicion ye had run away 1 till the nist morning, when I found the writing stuck up agin the walL Och ! then didn't I raise a hullaballoo ? Sure, if I had found it the night before I should hev been twelve hours suner on the trail av ye, and twenty-four hours Buner to find ye/ ' I don't see how that can be, Mike.' ' Ye don't, don't ye? Well, then, I'll tell ye. First, by not finding the writing at tay time, whin I ought to hev been honie, I lost twilve hours at Grizzly. And thin, be raiching Longman's afther tattoo had bafcen at the fort, I lost twilve hours there. And twilve and twilve mek twinty-four, or iise the hooly brothers av*St. Joseph's tached me rithmetic wrong !' ' And did you come alone, Mike ?' ' Divil a step. Ifs only advanturous hayroines, like Judy Man, thatthrainps through the howling wildtherniss her lone.* ' Who come wid ye, Mike ?' . 'Misther Andrew Quin, sure, and his dog, Nep.' c Uncle Dandy ! Oh, what a good old fellow he is'.' * Yis, and his dog. Oh, I say, Judy, betwane your dog Tip and Dandy's dog Nep, this New lighted States Fort has a consayderable ray inforcement.' ' Thrue for ye, Mike, me darlint. And naded it is,' answered Judy, solemnly, not seeing the least of a joke. 'And ifs naded they are/ she repeated, ' for they talk of a rising among the Injuns, which, by the same token, the colonel himself has gone to Vigil, to-day, to see about the diffinces. And now, here we be at the hospital, and I'll jest go me ways inside, and see if me poor Ran is awake and if the doether will lave ye see him.' Mike threw himself down on a bench *outside the door. Judy passed on and went up stairs to the ward where Ban lay. Old Peter was sitting in his arm-- shair outside, the ward door, but rose to his feet, and opened it for the young girl to pass in. Dr. TTill was standing beside the bjed. 'And how is he by this time, Doether, dear?' inquired Judy, going up to his side. ' Bright as a new sixpence.- Almost able to handle a musket, in case of the expected attack by the Piutes,' replied the surgeon, making way for the young girl. ' And what do ye say av yersilf, Ban, darlint ?' she inquired. ? _. . . ' I am getting wellj sweet Judy, and all the faster for seeing you,' he answered,, fondly. ' Thaf s me darlint bhoy 1 And now, Doether, dear,' she said, turning to the surgeon, who was leaving the room, ' will he be able for the sight av a good friend as hev come all the way from Grizzly to see him ?* * You mean your brother Mike ?' ' Yis, plaise, sir.' - . ' Oh, yes, he niay see him. I will send him up.' ? * Thank ye, Doether,* said. Judy. The surgeon left the room, and Judy began to prepare her patient for his visitor-.; but found her work forestalled when Ban raised his eyes and said: ' So Mike has come to see me, has he ? Dear, faithful Mike.* 'Oh, sure, the ears av ye are sharp.enough anyhow! And the hurt hasn't hurt thim?' re plied Judy, with a laugh. 'But Mike has come, hasn't he?5 inquired Ban. ' * Oh, ay ! Mike has come. He'll be here to see ye prisintly.' Judy had scarcely spoken, before Mike entered the room, admitted by old Peter. He came straight up to the bed. Earn held out his hand in welcome. Judy withdrew a little to let the visitor ap proach. ' Och, Ban, me jeweL it's divilish sorry I am to see ye in such a plight,' began Mike. ' Stow that, old boy ! I am ever so much better ! And ever so glad to«ee you!' exclaimed Ban^ pressing the hand of his friend. * See that now. The bowld bhoy that he is ! Ma.TH-ng go light o' the wounds and bruises that did for his mate iniirely,' exclaimed. Mike. 'Did for his mate intirelyi What ivir do ye mane, Mike ?' inquired Judy. . ' See that now, wid the long tongue av ine,that has no discrition beside a sick bed/ groaned Mike. ' He alludes to the fate of poor Deiamerc, Judy. Don't be afraid for me. I expected ifc, dear. I knew, when I learned that I had been picked up for dead, and my poor travelling companion was not to be found, that he'was . dead indeed. Both of us were struck down by the deadly Piutes, who are said to be on the warpath. You need not mind speaking before me. I proliably knovv- or guess as much as you . can teil me/ said Jiaai calmly. ' But I didn't kno-w a thing about it. Is Gintleman Greff dead ?* inqfdred Judy aghast. ' Yis, he is, poor fellow !* answered Mike. ' Oh, -fee poor man ! JSnd many and many is the shirts I've done up for him. And he that particular wid his linen? And to cometosich; an ind in the prime av nis life. Och, tone;' ** All is vf ni$y and vexation of the spirit.' But t how did you know it, Eaii, and me and the good docther guarding av ye agin all sorts av chocks ?' * I guessed it, Judy. I -guessed the same agency that- wounded me tailed Mm. 'Sou. see, dear, these 'redskins steal xm Us under the shadow of the darkness of nighty invisible aud noiseless, and pick us off. -Their -aim is -sure, and, in most instances, ' certain and instan taneous death. They must, have drawn simultaneously on each of iis. ? They must have stricken us down' in the same instantr— Delamere to death, myself . to something very near i£f Ban explained. ' And you guessed all'this?' inquired, J.udy. * Yes ; or rather I deduced it ± precedents.' * You did— what*' 'Ithought it injustrfbe so from ?whafc'had-gone* before/ said Ban* wiJfi a gentle smile: . 'Oh!' , exclaimed riJndy,-, perfectly ; satisfied. Tlieu turning to Mike^ -she inquired.: ' .- ? cBc£fc you! ]Jow. did' you find out what had; come to poor GcintSiemtaai Ghm? Ah! -was 4» that' particular about iiifl «o1ia*s and «uE& and hand kerchiefs ? How did jrou find out, afeke? 'W%i don't you answer me? , ? , ' Sy finding of ids -dead body in the»woods as I came along/ grumy replied lifSce. Judy recoiled, and .shuddered: and moaned under her breath. , 'Oh-h-h-h!' ^ ....'. ..??- '.-'' * You found *33sat ?' eaid Ban, staring in horror. * To the diva'wid ye, 2Cke,to'hev tus betHier! sinse than to sajr that same in the presence av » wounded man V indignaatiyesclauned Judy- ' Sure, now., wasn't it yer own silf . that axed: me ?' eomplained Mifee,wi6h the air of injured innocence. '.'?'?' V- r 'Don't be afraid for htojSv&jr.-; Iain not so weak, dear, -that I cannot bear to hear the troth. It is dreadful, -dear. But no more dreadful and no more hurtful for me to hear than for you, or even for Mike.' said San, «o-cainilvil3iat bis voice dkpefleai^ttieitiears., . ' . y. ^ ' Sure,6ick&nd; iiTOundedj/BaS tying *n the fiat4 aav yer back !as ye be, ye'xe worth the twoav us put together/'BaTd Mike. *Jtot«*«ilJ- But ndw,:tten,^U'meaUuboutit, Mike. T «ari 'bear to h-ear quite as well' as you oan bear to ep^ak. I have not a bit of fever, old fellow. If 1 }ML fhe feurgeon; wonld iiever nave allowed you to come to me. , So, now go on.' . (TO. BE CONMNTTED.) 