ITEMS OF NEWS. OUR readers must not think us troublesome in reminding them that to-morrow will be the first "Hospital Sunday" in Wagga, and that it is desirable that the well-known liberality of our townspeople should on this occasion be especially noticeable. The claims of the hospital are great, and we hope to see them acknowledged in a manner com- mensurate with their importance. IN reference to the ensuiug Municipal elections, we have little to add to our previous reports. Mr. C. H. Croaker has received and acccpted a requisition to stand for South Ward, and Mr. Stapleton Minchin's name has been freely mentioned in connec- tion with East Ward, it being rumoured that Messrs. Everett and Kerr have abandoned their intention of coming forward, and that Mr. Walsh, the present retiring member for the ward will not offer himself for re-election. We learn with much pleasure that Mr. Leemon, pupil teacher at the Superior Public School, has passed his final examina tion successfully, prior to his entering the Fort-street Training School in Sydney. Mr D. Patton, who has been for a year in the Training School, has beeu temporarily sta tioned iu Wagga, Last evening a special meeting of tho Committee of the Mechanics' Institute was held in tho hall to clect tho sub-committees for the current year, and other business. There were present Messrs. 15. B. Tompsou (in tho chair), J. Fox, P. Moran, P. Stephen, J, Warlc, W. Keohan, P. Lorimcr, and the secretary. The minutes of the previous meeting having been read and confirmed, a letter was read from the Under-Secretary of the Department of Public Instruction, ac companying a copy of Mr. A. M'larlaud's work "The Mutiny of the Bounty, pre sented to the Institution, which {.lie secre tary was instructed to acknowledge the receipt of. A letter was read from Mr. G. 15. Scott, resigning hia seat upon the committee, but on tho motion of Mr. Warlc, seconded by Mr. Kcohan, it was resolved to request that gentleman to re consider his decision. Mr. J. Ha\vke3 was, amidst applause, unanimously re-elected Secretary of the Institute, and he briefly returned thanks for the renewal of the Com mittee's confidenceiti hiiu. Messrs. C. Hardy, I\ Moran, and R 13. Tompaon were elected the House Committee; and Messrs. Gar land, Lorimcr, and thoKcv. J. C. M'Douald wero clccted the Library Committee. Mr. Moran expressed the hope that the latter Committee would lose no time in expending in new books the sum voted by the old Com mittee and held over until the new Com mittee was elected. The Secret iry referred to an account for cleaning and deepening tho well which had dried up, amounting to 33s., but ho was not satisfied that a further charge of 23s. for fixing the pump, and a lid to tho well was a proper one. It was decided that the first item should be paid, and also the second one, subject to tho House Commit tee'n approval of it Reference was made to Mr. Bolton's oiler of a donation of £10 promised. £90 was subscribed by other parties, and it was stated that the Com mittee were sanguine that they would shortly be in a position to avail themselves of Mr, Bolton's liberal offer. Up to the present time the business at tho Police Court this week lias been of the most trifling nature, one iucbriato discharged with a caution, and a candidate for the BcuevoJcnt Asylum, being the only cases dealt with. This fact speaks well for the good order observed in the town. Tub proprietors of large families of boys and girls possessed of good appetites will read with satisfaction an announcement in our advertising columns, to the effect that tho price of bread has been reduced by ouc purveyor to 3d. per loaf. Ox last Tuesday evening a fire took place on Messrs. Donnelly Brothers' station, and about 50 acres of grass was destroyed before it was, with great difficulty, extinguished by all hands. The origin of the fire was a tree struck by lightning. A firo has also occurred at Oura, on the opposite side of the river, but the amount of damage done has not reached us. The usual mouthly meeting of the com mittee of the Mechanics' Cricket Club was held on Thursday evening at Browe's Free mason's Hotel. Mr. D. M'Douald occupied tho chair, and there was a full attendance of the committee. Several new members were proposed and enrolled, and a good deal of business connected with the Club's arrange ments during tho present season was transacted. PKUESTiiiANri in the town will have noticed that portious of the footpath in various spots have been removed from around the trunks of the trees in order to allow moisture to reach tho roots, but they will be wrong if they suppose that the bricks have been re moved from the bottom of so many verandah posts in the belief that they^ will grow thicker. The pavements have evidently been so disturbed in order to give foot passengers the chance of breaking an ankle. Perhaps the new Inspector of Nuisances will make a note of this. Messrs. Morisoti and Daley, of Fitz mauricc'strect, have shown us an advance proof of a chromo-lithograph picture, which is to accompany the February number of the Illustrated Sydney News. It represents the recent extension of the Botanic Gardeus towards Government House, with the har bour in the back ground, and both as re gards fidelity to Nature, and harmonious colourings, it will compare favourably with any production executed in the old country. Mr. L. A. FOSBERY, the District Coroner, held an inquest at the hospital this morning touching the death of a man named Peter Page, who was admitted to the institution at about 4 o'clock on Thursday morning, suffer- ing from very serious injuries to his left arm and leg. Dr. Piercy, after consultation with Dr. Hillas, determined to amputate the arm between the shoulder and elbow joint, but the patient never rallied, and expired at about midnight of the same day. In conse- quence of the absence of material witnesses, the inquest was adjourned until 9 o'clock this morning, at the Commercial Hotel. It is not at present exactly known how the un- fortunate man met with the accident, but it is stated that he was run over by a train near Harden on last Wednesday night. We are requested by the agent for the Glenwood Estate to direct attention to an addition to his advertisement in another place, stating that upon payment of the deposit money, immediate possession will be given of the allotment purchased. We have received tho January number of Once a Weak, which worthily sustains the reputation of that magazine. Tho portrait of the Hon. James Service forms the frontis piece. and it is a most life-like copy of a recent photograph. The other engravings, " Pyramid of Cheops, Sphinx, fcc,," 11 Geral dine," and " The pass of Killiecrankic," are artistic productions, and the reading matter is both varied and interesting. Ratepayers are reminded that on Thurs day next, the 22nd instant, there will be held an open Court at the Council Chambers for the purpose of revising the municipal list for the year 1835*6, It is certain that either vehicular traffic over tho causeway at tho lagoon must be entirely stopped, or eUe foot passengers must adopt some other route. There is at present about afoot in depth of dust on the causeway, and woo betide tho pedestrian , who is crossing it while a horseman or cavt is passing, when a dense cloud of floury dust is raised, obscuring objects a yard off. There aro no places of business between the lagoon and the Town Hall, and it would be but a very short extra distance for vehicles to travel via the causeway iu Short street, leading into Taroutta street. Tho Borough Surveyor lias already caused some plauks to be laid across the lagoou, which will be a convenience to foot passengers ; but nothing but a prohibition of vehicular traffic will abate the dust uuisaucc. We understand that about 30 volunteers have successfully passed the medical ex amination prior to enrolment in the local i Infantry Corps now in course of formation in thf! town ; but thattho "normalstandard height of 5 feet G inches" insisted on by Regulation No. 5 is a bar to several, who in other respects would be very capable meu. If the authorities could see their way to concede an inch in tho required height tho difficulty in the majority of instances would be obviated. It is notified in another column that the aunual meeting of tho commoners will bo held at tho Mechanics' Institute on next Wednesday afternoon. This afternoon the cricket match between the Mecluuiics' and Newtown Clubs, for the Summerfield Cup, will be resumed. In* another placo will be found a list of additional subscriptions received by tho hou. treasurer of the local hospital in aid of that institution. Ik reference to tho fatal accident to a man named Andrew Crabtree, which occurred be tween tho Carrathool and Narandera stations, we learn that he had been for about three years engaged upon the lino, delivering ratious to the fettlera as the train^ weut along, and it is surmised that in passing on the steps from ono carriago to another, lie slipped and fell upon the line, and was thus run over. We regret to leavn that Mr. Peter Curtis, whose death was rcccntly *nd erroneously reported in Syduey, has succumbed to hia late serious illness. It is asserted upon undoubted authority that tho railway contractors on the lino from Cootamundra to Gundagai havo received in structions to complete their contract at Frcwin's hotel, despite the surveys and other steps taken by Mr. Whitton for its continu ance to near the town. Consequently much indignation has been expressed at the con duct on tho part of tho Kailway Department. It is cxpectcd that public action will bo taken. The first large consignment of silver, weighing ono and a quarter ton, from Sunny Corner, uaa been dclivorcd at tho Mint. Me. Easier, a German merchant, who recently arrived frmn Sydney, disappeared from Finley's Hotel, in Spencer-street, Mel bourne, on the night of Wednesday last. The police have been informed that he had a large sum of money iu hia possession. Till: Riverine Orazier, at Hay, aaya:— "Wo regret to hear of the death of Dr. Dobic, a gentleman woll known in Hay, and who practised in Balranald some time ago. Dr. Dobie died rattler suddenly last Monday, the 5th ia^t. The deceased left Wagga some tinio ago, and went home to hia family iu Sydney, not feeling well. His death will be regretted by the many friends he mado in these districts." Tiik Cootamundra Herald aaya:—"In an article under the heading of 'Starved Out, the Tim?* newspaper of Gcrmanton on Friday yielded up the ghost. It was a healthy looking and promising child of litoraturc, though not well nursed, it would appear, and bad to succumb to the painful and effectual process of starvation. Despite the uncom plimentary allusions of the editor to tho Gcrmanton people, it seems to us, as specta tors at a distance, a most comical contretemps that a newspaper with seventeen or eighteen columns of fat advertisementa, out of a total of twenty-eight columns matter iu all; should die of starvation 1 But, of course, it is_ no use appealing to the dead for an explanation. The Times was well conductcd in its literary department. The plant is to be removed elsewhere." Ik (says tho Echo) there be one offenco which is more mean and contemptible than any other, it is that which, unfortunately, has become almost peculiarly characteristic of a certain class in our community, that of the use of obscenc and filthy language. A glance at the charge sheets of any of our police courts will convince any person of tho frequency with which this offence against society and manhood is perpetrated. We are glad to learn that one of the stipendiary magistrates of this city (Mr. Buchanan) has expressed hia intention of ill future punish ing this offence with the utmost severity. Hitherto, the general rule in eases not pre senting features peculiarly disgusting has been to inflict a line of 40s., or in default of payment to order the offender to be im prisoned for 14 d.iys. This morning a batch of persons accuscd of the offenco re ferred to were brought before Mr. Buclianan, and he inflicted lines of £5, or, in default, ordered imprisonment of three months. [Country magistrates might follow tho ex ample set them with advantage to the community]. Mrs. Froom, wife of tho manager of Wanganella station, in the Dcniliquin dis trict, was lying on the floor of her room during the intense heat of Wednesday, and was startled by a pricking sensation iu one of her arms. On looking round she was horrilicd to see a snake gliding away from her, and on looking at her arm she saw blood and punctures. Immediately afterwards alio developed symptoms of poisoning by snakebite, and a doctor was sent for. Pre vious to his arrival a piece waa cut from her arm, and the cicatrice was treated with gun powder. Dr. Friedman arrived at midnight, and injcctcd ammonia by means of a syringe. The patient was completely prostrated and comatose, but the ammonia gave slight relief, and the patient was then kept walking throughout the night, great difficulty being experienced in preventing her from falling to sleep. Ammonia was injected repeatedly, and at last tho patient was allowed to lie down, but kerosene tins were beaten to keep her awake At 10 o'clock "on Thursday morning she had partially recovered, but in jections of ammonia had to he persevered in. At 2 o'clock this afternoon she was con sidered out of danger. Tjie Addony Anjwt remarks that" In the best regulated families matrimonial jars will occasionally occur, and now and again domestic disagreements develope into sudden estrangements. Tho other day a family man was rather surprised to learn that hia better half, without consulting his wishes, had departed from Adelong by Spiers's ' Ex pres.' He was naturally annoyed that what was strange news to liiin was well known to others, and in his wrath lie wired to the police at Gundagai to intercept hia errant spouse, and bid her return to her home. Armed with the telegram, Constablo M'Elli cott stopped the van upon its arrival at Gunda»ai, and getting Mr. Spiers to point out the lady he sought, lie immediately as sumed hia sternest official tones, and per emptorily ordered madam to go no farther on her journey, but to return to her hus band. • Have you a warrant,' exclaimed the lady ; ' No, I have not,' said tho constable ; 'Thondrivo on, Mr. Spiers, if you please,' and on went tho van,- leaving Constable M 'Ellicott standing in the road, bitterly con scious that Mrs. Blank was ' one too many for him.'" Mr. and Mrs. J. L. King took their de parture from Naraudera on Tuesday by the Sydney train for Tamworth, to which place Mr. King has been appointed C.l'.S. Several of their frieuds were on she platform to bid them a hearty farewell. Mr. King held the position of Crown lands agent and C.P.S. in Narandera for about eight years, during which time lie proved himself to bo a moat obliging officer. Mr. Scott, from Hay, has succeeded him. A thial trip of the new steamer Advance, which arrived from Melbourne on Saturday, was made iu Sydney harbour on Wedneaday. The trial.was regarded as very satisfactory, the vessel attaining a apeed equal to 12J knots an hour. A SERIOUS accident is reported from Bun- dabulla station, near Brewarrina. It ap- pears that a bouudary rider named Ludwig Darr waa playing about with his horse, and in order to show some onlookers how exces- sively quiet the animal was, he crept under its belly, when it either struck or kicked him in the chest, inflicting injuries of a com- plicated character, but the precise nature of which we are not in a position to give, Darr not having been seen by a doctor. Tiik regulations under the Laud Act have been received throughout the Burrowa dis trict with great disfavour, and are viewed as arbitrary and against the spirit and in tention of the Act. A case of some interest, and not of a little importance, waa heard ill tho Water Police Court last Wednesday, before Mr. Johnson. A clerk named William D. Louglilin sued W. A. Gihb, of tho National Insurance Company, for £ti 13s 4d, as one month's salary on account of dismissal. Mr. Murdoch appeared for tho plaintiff, and Mr. Mentor for tho defendant. Tho case waa that at 10 minutes to I o'clock on Satur day the plaintiff was given a policy to make out; but as this would talco him until 1.20 to do, he placed it in his drawer, and at 1 o'clock ho left tho office. When he went to tho oflicc on tho following Monday morn ing, ho was told that as ho had discharged himself, hia services would bo no longer required, and he waa handed a cheque for half a month's aalary. This ho declined to accept, and on the Tuesday morning he went again to the office, and requested to bo paid the salary for a full month. Evidence was given to the effect that on ordiuary dayB the office hours were from 0 a.m. to 5 p.m., and on Saturdays from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Mr. Johnson aaid that ho thought it waa hardly a proper thing for a clerk to do, but from 9 to 1 were the recognised hours iu tho establish ment, and ho would not ho called upon to work after. A verdict would bo given for tho amount. Tho verdict waa entered ac cordingly. Owisc to the recent heavy fines which havo been inflicted in Melbonrno upon whole sale inilk vendors, it has been resolved to increase tho price of tho article. Tho chair man of a ineoting which had been called, remarked that tho days o£ milk and wator are over. Tin: man Rookcy, who waa injured at a contract on tho Miara Kiver Road, from Moulamien to Moama, is dead. He never recovered consciousness j tho other man, Clothcr, is not expected to recover. Tho men were trying to fall a tree. Tho ropo escapcd from the men who woro hauling on it, and in rcboitndiug struck two men ; one was scalped as if done with knife in a circle round the head, Tiik following interesting telegram has been received by tho Government Geologist (Mr. Wilkinson) from Dr. R. von Leeder fold, Cooma: — " Discovered and photo I graphed undoubted glacier traces in Boveral ! valleys above (iSOOft, Mount ICosciusco, the peak measured by Baron von Mueller, Pro fessor Neumeyer, &c.;, is not highest. Photo graphed panorama from summit on splendid day, and took many bearings. Made first ascont of higher peak, tho highest mountain in Australia. Will bo able to compilo.maps of tho whole mountain." No fresh case of ainall-pox is reported. All the patients in quarantino aro doing well. Nino persons wero released from quarautino on Wednesday, including oix couvalescenl'j. f The preliminary survey of the railway line between Wilcannia and Forbes has now been finished. Mr. Hotson's survey crosses the Darling at tho sharp turn in tho rivor just above the Brick Kilns, and is taken through the reserved sections lying between Murray and Brougham streets. A ^mooting of boot manufacturers was held in Melbourne last Wednesday night, when several manufacturers amiouueed that tho men were daily resuming work under tho Manufactured Association rules, in neavly every case taking work home. About 200 aro now supposed to be so employed. The Gvndayii Times says:—"The con tractors1 engine now runs within ono milo and a half of Coolac, and good hoadway is being made with tho work ; but tho contrac tors will have to slip in to have the liuo opened to Gundagai within contract time. Most of the timber for fencing had to be carted a considerable distance. The great bulk of sleepers has been brought from the ironbark forest on the Tcmora-road." The Coolnmundra Herald says:—"We have the pleasure in welcoming back to Cootamundra our old friend, Mr. W. L. Murdoch, who returned, with his good part ner in life, on Saturday morning. It is Mr. Murdoch's intention to settle in Cootamun- dra, oad, with the exception (as he says) of playing in intercolonial matches, or helping to sneak some of the cups back to Coota- mundra, his cricketing career is over." Mn. Patrick Jambs Smyth, the Home Rule member for Tipperary, whose death was announced in our last issue, was born in Dublin in 1823, and was called to the Irish bar in 1853. He con tested Waterford unsuc cessfully in July 1870, reprcseutcd the county of Westmeath from Juuc, 1871, to April, 1880, and since then has sat for Tip- perary. Mr. Smyth, who married a Tas- manian lady, wa8 the author of several publications. "Australasia," "France and European Neutrality," "Ireland's Capacities for Foreign Commerce," &c.; INTELLIGENCE of a terrible death from thirst has been received by the Postmaster General of South Australia in tho following telegram, dated last Tuesday, from the sta tion-master at Tcunant's Creek —" George King, late of this staff, with a black boy aud five horses, left here forCorrella station on the 30th ult., stating that lie would return on the 10th inst. The black boy has just ar rived in a frightful condition, and he reports that King aud the horses are dead. Here- with the boy's statement—We camped at Phillips on the first night, at Attack on the second and third nights, on the fourth night on the plain, on the fifth night in rotten country (near, I presume, Brumette Water). Ihe party and the horses were then badly off for water. On the sixth night King started the boy off for water, saying that if he be came very thirsty he would shoot himself. Ihe boy found water at about midday, and returned for King ou foot, his horse bavin" died before the water was found. When the boy reached Kiug he found him lying on his side, a revolver, in the case, beside him, with cartridges scattered about, but not dis charged. There was a cartridge in the re volver, which was a Derringer, discharged. He lies within n long day's stace from water." The Gandayai Times reports that "the foundation stone of St. Patrick's uew church, Gundagai, is to bo solemnly blessed by His Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Lauigan on St. latrick's Day, the 17th of March next. The Very Rev. Prior Butler, the eloquent aud distinguished Comelite of Melbourne, will preach the sermon ou the occasion." A TELKGRAM from Hobart last Thursday says that the Tasmauian Tariff Conference was resumed to-day. Some of the returns which had been called for, with a view of demonstrating certain points more clearly, were not ready, and the delgates resolved to adjourn to the following day. Before closing, however, they had a long conversa tion, lastiug^ for about an hour, on the geueral question, and it is believed that con« siderable divergence of opiuion was ex pressed. It is not unlikely that Mr. Berry, on the part of Y iotoria, will to-morrow for imitate the Victorian view of the caso in writing. The Tasmtinian delgatcs are appa rently of opinion that Messrs Berry and Langridge have come with a somewhat er- roneous notion of what the Tasmauian Government is willing to agree to. Alto- gether, the prospect of nn amicable settle- ment is at present not bright- Part of the cuity may, however, be successfully overcome before to-morrow, but in any case it is expected that something definite will, oneway or the other, bo decided at tho next sitting. The Echo says:—"On Wednesday after noon the crews of the Nelson and Tetnar were transferred, and in the evening a tcle Sr'lm was received by Commodore iirskine informing him that the Admiralty has been pleased to promote him from tho rank of a commodoro of the second class to that of one of the first class. It was in conse quence of this advancement in rank that the salute of 14 guns was fired and returned this morning at 8 o'clock. At the hour named the Commodore's broad pennant was hoisted at the main ou board the Nelson, and a salute was then fired from H.M.S. Espiegle and Diamond, it boing returned by tlio Nelson." The inquest on the body of P. Murray, the well-known Temora prospector, termin- ated on Wednesday, Tho jury were locked up for a considerable time, aud eventually returned an open verdict, on account of the conflicting evidence of the medical men. .Sergeant .Buckley has been active in inquir ing as to any possible crime in the matter, but nothing definito was elicited. iNsrRGcrro.vji have been received by tho local Crown lands agent to issuo no moro of the application forms supplied a few weeks back, for the conversion of pre-emptive leases luto conditional leases, but to substitute others forwarded in their place. The latter instead of specifying the sum tendered, con tains the proviso that the applicant "agrees to pay any sum that may be demanded upon the determination of the rental of such con ditional lease." It is also addressed to the Under-Secretary for Lands instead of the Local Land Board—which would imply that the latter would not be cot into working order quite as soon as the Minister and his supporters anticipated. A confirmation of this opinion is supplied by the fact that timber licenses wifl be issue till tho 31st March. A PARTY of gentlcmeu interested in aquatics proceeded up the Parramatta on Wednesday to witness the rowing exercises of Beach and Gliaord. Clifford rowed over the course at a strong pace, his performance being regarded as a splendid one. He now weighs 13st 4lb., and is in fine condition. Beach also rowed in a grand free style. He is in excel- lent health. Tiie Cootamundra Herald, in speaking of the receut case under the Municipalities Aot says:—"It will bo seen that printers and alc(ermen combined are rendered liable for heavy expenses in the shape of ' blood money ' to any informer who may suo for it, should said printer do any work for tho council in which ho sits. Tho English law exempts newspaper men from disqualifica tion under such circumstances; but our local court held that they were not exempt in this colony. While disagreeing with our very respected Polico Magistrate on tho point of jurisdiction, wo aro uound to testify to the strict impartiality and patient consideration which he exhibited in dealing with tho case against tho senior-proprietor of this journal. We wish to say also that if this case had been instituted in a friendly spirit with a desire to have the law defined, wo would have gladly submitted tho point to arbitra- tion of tho court. But there can be no sympathy with an informer who goes for ' blood- money' under the circumstances stated. Wo hold that tho court had no jurisdiction in tho caso in point, and are in honour bound to appeal against tlio decision at whatever cost. Tlio defendant in tho caso is not conscious of having been guilty of any dishonourable conduct such a>i imputed to him by the informant." On Tuesday last the January sittings of tho South-western District Court were com- menced at Gundagai, before his Honor Judge Forbes. On the list of cases set down for trial appear tho following M. Walker and Co. y. W. II, L. Baley, Supremo Court issue, dishonored promissory notes, £150 specially dofended ; W. H. L. Bailey v. m! ,.rU'Jt,or' breach of coutract, £200, defended w ^ v» Michael Walker, monoy paid for defendant, £198 10s Cd, defended in™ , V' ?"iloy v' M- Walker, slandor, £200, defended; Michael Walker v. W. H L. Baley, rent of ollicc, £G5, defended ; M. W alker aud Co. v. W. H. L, Bailoy, goods sold, £103 0s Sd, defended by a sot-ofT of printing aud advertising work and labour d°no. £104 2s 5d, Surely Messrs. Bailoy and Walker will have enough law for one day. 