THE FINAL CHOICE or POLLIE'S PROBATION. CHAPTER XI. Even in the first flush and transport of her love dream, Pollie could not wholly divest herself of the dread that Bertram Devereux might in England have loved with all the depth of his nature someone who even now had claims upon him. In vain she asked herself why such a thought should have passed through her mind. She could not tell. But to her deep uurest it remained to arise and torment her at intervals, like an unquiet spirit. On the subject of his feminine correspondence she had noticed, she thought, a departure from his usual calmness - a studied air of carelessness. What if her surmises should be true, that he was either engaged, or had been the victim of one of those absorbing soul-engrossing attachments which leave the heart of a man like a burnt out volcano - barren, lifeless, dead to all succeeding influences. She would ask him. The torment of doubt on such a subject was too acute for endurance. Yet, so far had she softened towards him, so far was her whole nature in a malleable state, that if he made a frank confession she could have forgiven him. And one day, accident led up to the subject of previous attachment. Having disclaimed, on her part, the slightest tenderness in the past to a living man, she looked her lover full in the face, as was her wont when aroused, and said : " You have had my disclaimer, but tell me now, Bertram, if there lives any woman in the land you have left who is able to say ' This is my lover. This is the man whose vows, if kept, would bind him to me till death. He has broken faith and betrayed love in deserting me now. Answer me, truly on your soul's peril, and the subject shall be buried for evermore." As she realised in her own mind, the slow torture, the melancholy days, the ''dead " unhappy nights " to which a woman is doomed as she waits in vain for he who she loves, hoping against hope, refusing the sad truth, until all limit of credence be passed. So vehement an indignation fired her every feeling against the imaginary recreant that she looked like an inspired vestal denouncing the sins of a nation. " Tell me truly, Bertram," she said, "that there is no hateful ghost like this between you and my love. " A thrill passed through his inmost heart as he thought how nearly her random shaft had touched the dark secret of his life. Yet his eyes met hers fully and fairly. With men he had been ever exact and truthful, even to bluntness, but in the school of ethics in which he had been reared, it was held no dishonour to lie frankly where a woman was concerned. So he bore himself accordingly. " I scarcely think," he said, slowly, " that a man is bound to lay bare the whole of his former life to the woman he is about to marry, or is she wise to ask it. But," and here he looked steadily into her innocent, trusting eyes, " if it comforts you to think that you are the sole possessor of this invaluable heart of mine, I give you my word that no other woman has the shadow of a claim upon it." " I believe you," she said ; " it removes my last lingering doubt as to our perfect happiness. In sickness and health, in poverty or riches, by land or sea, never had a man had truer wife than you will have in me." He drew her to his side in silence, even then repenting of his falsehood to this trusting, easily deceived creature. " Still, what good would it do her to know ? Why pain her sensitive heart ? And was there any - the remotest - chance of his deceit being exposed ? An ocean rolled between him and the passionate, headstrong woman, he had loved with the the unreflecting ardour of youth. Circumstances certainly had tended of late years to favour the idea that she would be free. In that event, he had sworn a thousand times to make her his wife. But it was a contingency which might never arise. In the meantime, was he to give up a career such as was now opening before him ? A lovely, loving bride, who would be an envied possession wherever they went ? A fortune, which would enable him to satisfy desires and tastes hitherto ungratified ? Was all this to be sacrificed - for what ? For a passion of which he had overrated the force in the days of inexperience ? The price was too great to pay. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * The marriage was fixed for the ensuing November, the first summer month. They would leave the hot plains of the north-west for New Zealand, after visiting the Australian capitals. Side by side they would revel in the glories of the Rotomahana, sail on the magic lake and marvel over the fairy terrace returning only in the last month of autumn, when the peerless winter of the interior would be before them. A year's peaceful enjoyment of the quiet Corindah life would prepare them for the final momentous, unutterably delicious expedition to the old world, when Pollie's life long dream would be realised and an elysium of bliss - a paradise, intellectual and social, would open before her. " You romantic child," Bertram said, looking almost pityingly at her, as in one of her imaginative flights she was, like an improvisatrice, picturing vividly a long list of pleasures to come. " And so you believe in happiness ? I only trust you may not be disillusioned when we reach this wonderful dream of yours - England." Why should not happiness be realised ? Why should we not both enjoy the deep, pure joy of those, who, with like tastes and sympathies, roam together amid all that is lovely, grand, awe-inspiring in nature, and in scenes redolent of art and historic associations ? It chills me like a cold breath of air to hear you talk in that way. But I know you do not really feel so cynical ; it is one of the affectations you men think necessary for your dignity." " It may be so," he said, smoothing her bright hair, as one placates a child. " In your company, sweet, I shall renew the youth I have been in danger of losing." Whatever might have been Mr. Bertram Devereux's secret thoughts on the subject of his prospects, he appeared to have improved outwardly, as the neighbours and employees agreed. The alteration extended to his general manner and demeanour. He threw off in great part, the reserve which had marked his earlier tone, and assumed a genial role which he sustained very easily. He took occasion to visit Wannonbah more frequently. He identified himself with the local interests and occupations of the district. He utilised his exceptional gifts and attainments to such purpose that all envy at his good fortune disappeared. He was finally voted by the younger squatters and the Wannonbah society generally, to be a "deuced good fellow" (when you came to know him), who would take his position among them, and be an acquisition for the district. Harold Atherstone had gone away for a change of air about the time as his arm was recovering its strength, and did not return until the engagement between Pollie and her cousin was a matter of general comment. He had heard of it at the club, before he left town. What his sensations were at the announcement, none ever knew. A man who bore his grief and failures in secret, he disclosed none of his deeper feelings to others. When he met Pollie Devereux in her own home, it was with a calm, untroubled brow. The kind, grave face and the wise, steadfast eyes which she had known since childhood - were unaltered. Pollie herself had vague misgivings that her all-important step would not meet with his approbation. Knowing that she needed not to hold herself responsible to him or any other, she feared lest a kind of indefinable injustice had been done by forsaking so loyal a friend. She would have felt unspeakably relieved by his full approbation and consent. " You have heard of my engagement," she said, as he held her hand at their first meeting after his return. " Are you not going to give me joy and congratulate me on my happiness." " I may congratulate him," he said, a little sadly. " My wishes for your happiness need no renewal. They do not date from today, as you well know. Whatever renders you happy and preserves you so will always be a part of my joy in life. May God bless you, dear, and keep you from sorrow evermore." In a half unconscious way he drew the girl towards him, and kissed her as might a brother - tenderly, but without passion. Then he turned and left her, while she walked slowly and pensively towards the house. She felt that he had forgiven her ; that he was too noble to harbour envy or resentment. But with a woman's quickness she divined that he was grieved to the heart and that all his self-command was needed to enable him to appear unmoved. Again and again she asked herself whether she had done wisely in following the passion-cries of her heart rather than the dictates of reason. A vain wish that she could have combined both agitated her. Of how many women and men might the same tale be told ! Mrs. Devereux was rather resigned to the arrangement as inevitable and impossible to amend, rather than wholly approving. More acute and experienced, she had noticed the small defects of character in Bertram Devereux which had escaped the eye of her daughter. Not that Pollie would have allowed them to influence her if she had. But the unconscious selfishness, the irritability, the ignoring of the tastes of others, which she had observed in her future son-in-law, did not in her estimation, augur well for her child's happiness. When she thought of Harold Atherstone's long, unrewarded devotion, she could scarcely repress her vexation. " What fools we women are," she said bitterly to herself. " We trample on pearls and gems of manhood, only to prize some glittering pebble without intrinsic value or beauty. When, as in my case, one is blessed with a husband who united all the qualities which women love and men respect, Fate steps in and deprives her of him. How little real happiness there seems to be in this world of ours !" While poor Mrs. Devereux thus bemoaned herself over the anomalies of life, the weeks of the short spring and early summer passed quickly along the flowery track, which, even in the waste, is fair with wealth of leaf and blossom, with joyous birds and tempered sunshine, with high hope, joy and expectation of the coming year. The season had again been favourable. Wealth was flowing into Corindah and the neighbouring stations in an abundant fashion, which, during a succession of good years, occurs in Australia Deserta. After her child was gone, Mrs. Devereux thought she would sell out and take up her abode in Europe for good. After tasting the glories and social splendours of the old world, which she would fully appreciate, Pollie would not choose to return to Australia. Men sometimes came back to the land of spur and snaffle and wide- acred freedom, with a wearied feeling as to cities and the more artificial European life. But women, in her experience, never. They had reached across the ocean, a fairy realm where the supreme social luxuries were purchasable and abundant. Servants and equipages, households and surroundings, music and drama, art and literature, society at once congenial and aristocratic, travel and excitement could all be had if one had the money. This they possessed. Why should they return to a land where much of this enticing catalogue did not exist, when a tithe of civilisation was difficult, and the rest impossible to maintain ? So Mrs. Devereux sadly looked forward to passing the close of her life in England - a foreign land, as far as she was concerned - far from the home, the friends, the associations of her youth, and indeed, her whole life, up to this stage. To her the prospect was simply one of exile and endurance. It had been arranged that the marriage was to take place in Sydney early in November. Mrs. Devereux would go thither with her daughter immediately after that important annual ceremony - the shearing at Corindah - was concluded. The good lady preferred to manage her own affairs. She signed her own cheques, which during September and October were like the sands of the sea for multitude. Mr. Gateward was economical and loyaL Still it was always worthwhile to attend to one's own business, she thought. So that although Bertram had pleaded for an earlier day, the month of November was fixed for the wedding, principally on account of the said shearing and its responsibilities, which he had come to loathe as a comparatively trifling, but none the less vexatious obstacle. So when the October mail steamer arrived, he was still at Corindah and thither his letters came. He happened to be away on the day of their arrival, and Pollie, emptying the well-filled Corindah mail bag on the hall table, sorted out the different addresses. There were several addressed to "Bertram Devereux, Esq., Corindah, Wannonbah, New South Wales, Australia"- as was the general superscription of his European letters. Among them Pollie descried two letters in the feminine handwriting of which she had remarked before. One was addressed to her lover, and one to herself. Yes, there could be no mistake. " Miss Devereux, Corindah, N.S. Wales, Australia." It was doubtless from her kind, motherly cousin, Eleanor, in congratulation. It was very kind of her. She had had only just time to write, too. Had the marriage been during the month of October, as Bertram wished, she would have been too late. So, with smiling eyes and unsuspicious eagerness to behold the kindly, unfamiliar lines from the probable kinswoman, Pollie opened the letter. A painter would have seized the moment for a priceless portrait had he been at hand to mark the instantaneous changes of expression - first wild surprise, then horror. The slow, successive alteration from trusting confidence and loving hope to unspeakable disappointment, dismay, and despair. This was the fatal sheet upon which her eyes, first flashing indignant surprise, then fell upon : " Wynton-hall, 9th August, 188-. " I should owe you an apology, Miss Devereux, for thus addressing you, would the occasion admit unnecessary courtesy or delay. If the lifelong happiness or misery of two women - of yourself and me - be sufficient reason for disregarding ceremony, you will hold me excused, nay, bless me in the future, whatever may be the shock to your present feelings. I have accidentally disovered, what before I only surmised, that Bertram and yourself are about to be married. He was careful not to give me a hint of his plot - for such I must consider it to be. An Australian gentleman, a Mr. Charteris, however, happened to be staying in a house I was visiting, and mentioned that his friend Bertram Devereux was about to be married to the beautiful heiress of Corindah. He had just heard the news from a correspondent. From what I have heard of your character, I assume that you would like to know the truth. You would not be willing, as some weak women are, to pardon in the man of your choice shameless falsehood, base betrayal and broken betrayal, broken " I swear to you now - as God shall judge me at the Great Day - that Bertram Devereux is mine ; mine by every vow, by every tie, which can bind a man to a woman. Who so accepts him, virually takes another woman's husband with her eyes open. As events are shaping themselves I shall shortly be free. No legal obstacle to his fulfilment of the promise which he has made a hundred times, will exist. You will wonder that I chose to hold him to his bond after his proven faithlessness. May you always be free from the forbidden knowledge which would enlighten you. That I love him still is one more proof, should it be needed, of the wild inconsistency of a woman's heart. I have told him of this letter to you. I fear him not ; nothing earthly has the power to daunt me now. You are free to take your own course, but you are now warned against the sacrifice of your own happiness and that of the wretched and desperate woman who calls herself -- Sybil De Wynton." Holding the letter in her hand, the girl walked feebly, uncertainly, like one in a dream, to her own zoom. She saw through the opened window a horseman riding at speed across the plain towards the entrance gate. A few short moments ago she would have flown to meet him. Now all was changed. It was the loveliest afternoon. The air was warm, yet free from the least excess of heat. A sighing breeze swept along the course of the now fully fed stream, and the vast breadth of prairie, waving with profuse vegetation. But "cloudless skies had lost their power to cheer." A wintry blight had fallen npon the summer scene, banished its gladness and turned the bright-hued landscape into a scene of desolation and despair. Sweet love was dead. In the heart of the maiden was fixed an immovable sense of ILLUSTRATION - BUT IN THIS WORLD WE SHALL MEET NO MORE. disaster - life wreck, woe unutterable, so when the fatal word of doom is pronounced by the by the couch of those near and dear, all know that there is no hope, no amendment, no recovery, nor reparation possible for evermore. Such was the fatal effect on the girl's mind. She had no further thought or speculation in the matter. Nothing was possible. All was at an end between them. Her life dream was over. He had deceived her. He had plotted to desert and betray the other woman. In her innocent eyes it was guilt of an inconceivable blackness and criminality. All that had gone before was like an evil dream of a hairbreadth escape amid avalanche and precipice from which the sleeper awakes breathing gratitude for life and safe awakening. She locked the door of her room, and casting herself upon the bed, " all her o'erladen heart gave way, and she wept and lamented." The evening brought a partial calmness. The half-instinctive sorrow abated its poignant agony ; but a dull hopeless heartache, almost physical, remained. When the bell rang for the evening meal a maidservant came to inquire if she had heard the summons. Pollie despatched her to her mother, who soon appeared with alarm and surprise in every line of her face. " My darling, what has happened ? " she exclaimed. " Bertram and I were wondering what kept you. He has had such a pleasant day." " Has he read his letters ?" demanded this girl, with an air of half-veiled bitterness. " Oh, no ! He said he would devote the ILLUSTRATION : POLLIE OPENED THE LETTER. DISAPPOINTMENT UNSPEAKABLE. morning to them. Most of them were family epistles," he said, " of no great consequence." " Oh, mother, mother, my heart is broken ; I shall die," cried the girl, with sudden abandonment, as she threw her arms round the elder woman's neck. " Read this, oh mother." Here she produced the fatal letter. letter: As Mrs. Devereur commenced to cast her eyes over the sheet they seemed to dilate like those of one who sees an object of horror and loathing. When the end was reached she threw down the letter, as if it had been a clinging serpent, and made as though she would trample upon it. " Let it be there," she said ; her ordinary serene countenance changed as the girl had seldom seen before. " Not that I have any bitter feeling toward the miserable woman that has wrought this woe on us, but my heart is filled with indignation against the man who has acted so deceitfully, so treacherously, who so nearly succeeded in ruining your happiness, my darling. That you would have been unhappy, who can doubt ?" " Unhappy !" cried the girL " If I had come to the knowledge of his deceit, his wickedness, his cruelty in abandoning one to whom he had sworn faith, I think I should have died ; all belief in truth and honour would have deserted me. I should have hated my own existence." " Let us thank God, my darling, that our eyes have been opened in time, ere it was too late. I never heartily approved of the affair. But, heaven knows, though I had a kind of intuitive distrust of him, I never dreamt of anything like this. And now I must give Mary her orders." " Oh, mother, do not leave me." " I will only tell her to say that neither of us will be down, that you aren't well, and that I have retired for the night. She can bring up a cup of tea, which is all that either of us is likely to require." 