stays casing ^jljorums grafts. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1855. What were the exact ideas and objects of the promoters of last night's meeting in the Town Hall -we do not undertake to say, but if those gentlemen are content with the results, they must, have taken a peculiar view of them, or must be very easily satisfied. It would have been more to the credit of the city if the meeting had not been held. The right of public meeting is a possession to be valued, but it may be exercised in such a way as to bring it into contempt. In accordance with the chairman's ruling, the resolution which was declared to have been carried, and which charged the Imperial Government with apathy and uncon- cern in regard to the interests of these colonies, will probably be sent to his Excellency the Goviiiixoii, with a request that it may be forwarded to the Secretary of State. But if it is to have in England the influence fairly due to it, nothing less and nothing more, an explana- tion should be attached. It would be a pity that anybody should be allowed for want of information to form a different estimate than fairly belongs to the supposed utterance of a noisy crowd of perhaps a thousand people, where discussion was howled down, the most favoured speakers could hardly got themselves heard out, and the chairman's decisions, almost always disputed or received with uproar, were pretty much matters of chance. The meeting was called to deal with a serious business ; but the meeting and the chairman together-far be it from us to attempt to adjust the responsibility muddled and confused the whole thing. The proceedings of the meeting will be taken for what they were worth by those who had a chance of judging for themselves ; no one in such a position would fall into the error of saying that the city of Sydney had spoken, or that the opinions of its people had been expressed. The fact is that the movement was a mistake. After so long a silence upon the question, this sudden attempt to give voice had no true sign of spontaneity about it the galvanic battery was not to be concealed. But the case was made worse by the clumsiness of the arrangements for carrying the movement out. N The first resolution on the prepared list affirmed " that, in the opinion of this meeting, the claims asserted by the recent Intercolonial Convention to the then unappropriated portion of New Guinea aDdlJaoillcislands, are entitled to the support of the Imperial Government." A resolution more completely ignoring the course of events since the Convention was held, or more thoroughly out of relation to the actual situation of to-day, could hardly have been prepared without some thought and pains. Whether this resolution was carried or lost was a subject of lively controversy last night. At one time it appeared that the chairman and the meeting were at cross purposes, the former putting one thing to the vote, and the latter acting upon another. Nor was it clear upon a second trial that either side know exactly what was to be done, or what was done. The most hopeful conclusion is that the majority voted and shouted against the resolution, and knew what they were about. But it is not certain that so much may be said with truth. Perhaps, under the circumstances, it does not matter much. The second resolution, charging the Imperial Government with apathy and uncon- cern, embodied a truism. But the question is, What practical end was to be served by uttering it at such a time? The only exception to be taken to Sir Henry Parkes's speech, which mowed both grasp and moderation of tone, was that it was a waste of energy to make it amidst the actual conditions. The Pall Mall Gazette, referring to this, matter, says :-.? The quarrel of the colonists is not with Germany, but with England, and they do well to be angry. What we have to hoe to is that their anger is not wasted in rhetoric, but converted into the motive force of a practical policy." Exactly so and mere displays of galvanic anger and mechanical rhetoric (neither of which, however can be laid to the last-named speaker's charge) are particularly out of place at the present moment. The Imperial Government has certainly shown what looks much like apathy and unconcern in this business, and besides that, a lamentable want of foresight and capacity. But was it not declared officially in the House of Commons, almost on the eve of the Franco-Prussian war, that there was not a cloud upon the political horizon ? Before proceeding to the profitless work of scolding the Imperial Government, we should consider whether there has been any default on our side, and whether there is anything practical to be done now to clear away present difficulty and provide against future danger. Knowing the peculiar troubles and weaknesses of the Imperial Government, it would have been in the past, as it is now, sound policy to recognise them and act accordingly. When years ago, this colony urged the annexation of New Guinea upon the Imperial Government, it was carefully set forth that it was a matter of Imperial concern. But matters of Imperial concern are matters for Imperial decision, and when the Imperial authorities were opposed to the extension of the Empire because it would involve increased trouble and also increased expense, it was not good tactics for colonists recommending annexation in their own interest, to be careful to indicate that they did not want to bear any of the cost. And so now, whilst we have abundant ground for dissatisfaction with the Imperial Government for the huxtering spirit and want of candour and confidence displayed in its treatment of the financial aspect of the New Guinea business, we injure our own cause, and supply Lord Derby with fresh excuses for delay and inaction, by doing anything to suggest that with us the money question is of serious moment. Do we want to influence the English Government ? Hard words will not do it but there are Secretaries of State who can understand the jingle of hard cash. Those who recently provoked the boot- makers' dispute in Melbourne probably did not foresee the consequences of it which are now coming into view. Other persons did and from time to time they have said that should great combinations of labour be formed, they would certainly be met with correspondingly large combinations of capital. There is now an immediate prospect that this state of affairs will be witnessed on an unprecedented scale. The history of this movement is brief but striking. Operatives in certain factories deemed themselves aggrieved and went out on strike. Whilst time is money to a busy man, days of it are worth nothing to a man who is idle. Men on strike and their families must live and therefore, if a trade involved in a struggle cannot support its own members, other trades must be asked to assist. Again, if those of a given city or colony cannot do what is needful, other colonies must be appealed to. This is the natural order of things, and this is exactly what has happened. The bootmakers of Melbourne have appealed to all the crafts of Sydney, and should their case remain unsettled much longer, it may be necessary for them, to appeal to a still wider constituency. There is no reason why they should not, if union is recognised at all. Once admit the principle, and no limits can be set to its application. There would be no inconsistency in applying for help to all trades and labour unions in the world. The justice or injustice of the cause has nothing to do with the right of appeal and the obligation of a response. Those immediately interested affirm their cause to be just, and all co-operating organisations must accept the conclusion. This is one of the awkward features of the case. Englishmen are wont to resist taxation which does not carry representation, and under ordinary circumstances they would offer a stout resistance. But trades and labour unions, to conserve the principle of mutual aid may have to surrender one of the dearest principles in the independence and liberty of British subjects. It now appears that sauce for the goose will do for the gander. Operatives are making the trial one of strength. They, with their con- freres, threaten to be too strong for the boot manufacturers, and left to them selves it is possible that the latter on a trial of strength would be worsted. If the party _t>w assailed can be made to yield, not to reason but to force, any other class of manufacturers may be squeezed into submission at some future time. At this juncture the instinct of fair play, and the thought that no one can tell whose turn may come next, have called out manufacturers in all trades. Au enthusiastic meeting of 300 persons, promising to band together to stand for the rights of capital, is significant and suggestive. This union, like those of operatives, may be carried beyond the colony at present concerned : it may be extended through the Continent, and embrace ' all industries; and no one can object to it. I Those who have money have the same right to band together for mutual protection as those whose wealth is in their strength and skill. Here, then, are the beginnings of a new state of things. Are we prepared for it I and, Is it wise that it should be consummated it If it is a good thing, by all means let it come quickly ; if it is not, it is worse than folly U provoke it. In coming to a decision on these points we have to consider what will be the normal and what the accidental consequences of this new order of things Should the present gteufl-ttta continues much longer, all articles of manufacture pertaining to the trades now in conflict will become appreciably higher in price ; or, to prevent that, very large importations will have to be made. No contest of this sort can happen without disturbing the equilibrium of the market. In reality it may be small, but the principle of a revolution is in it. The consequence can never be an accident of the occasion. It must happen. The larger the bodies between which friction or concussion takes place the larger the disturbance. If, therefore, capital is to combine to meet all possible combinations of labour, we may expect now and again to see comparatively ruinous effects in trade. The general public may or may not suffer much by it; but those who engage in such struggles will suffer not a little, and even the triumphant party may find that a few victories will ruin them. Combinations like these will follow the course of modern warfare. New appliances more and more destructive are devised, and a modern battle may be the work of a few minutes, during which both sides may be nearly decimated. If unions of manufacturers and of operatives are to be offensive and defensive, especially the former, commerce will soon find, as it has never done before, that its worst foes are of its own household. To avoid such issues as frequently as possible, some compact for the settlement of differences by arbitration will have to be made. The meeting held in Melbourne on Monday resolved that the present dispute, having no reference to wages, is suited for arbitration. The operatives, taking precisely the same premises, have reached an exactly opposite conclusion. The result is that, in the opinion of masters a question of discipline is suited for arbitration, and in the opinion of the men a question of wages might be so determined, If both would now surrender their respective! negative positions, on agreement would be arrived at that any question likely to arise between capital and labour might be submitted to a tribunal competent and impartial, That will have to be done if disastrous strikes are to be avoided. The present case lies in a nutshell. It is partly a matter of fact and partly of principle. It is or it is not true that a good deal of work is done one side the factories. If a great deal of work is being done in that way, masters will be able to carry on for a time though their factory hands are all out. It is or it is not true that " sweating," or the employment of watch hands by home workers is going on. A searching inquiry should discern the truth. If it is found not to be so, there is an end of the matter. If the contrary be true, the question is, Have workmen the right to say that masters shall not employ hands in this way ? Operatives must bear in mind that they are oppressing their own order that they are putting down the iron heel without com- punction upon the weakest of their brethren. The man who wants to work at home is likely to be in some way a weak man. Should the employer do any " sweating " business, it is with a class of men who are objects of charity. Seasons for fighting against this may be strong enough. It is all very well to say, " We must maintain the eight- hours system and the standard rate of wages and if men are not under our eye, we are not sure of them.'' But who are the victims of this fierce rule The most helpless members of the craft find themselves in the condition of the frogs who changed their king. This dispute might be ended by- arbitration. If it is not, if it is ended as trials by ordeal used to be, it may crop up again soon in some other trade-it may become a ghost that can never be laid. The game of cricket is not just now in very good odour. Certain recent incidents have in ado it somewhat unsavoury ; nevertheless there is a match announced to commence next Friday on the Association Ground, to which very little publicity has been given, but which demands a passing reference. This is the match between the Universities of Sydney and Melbourne. These contests were inaugurated in 1870 by the visit of the alumni of our University to Melbourne a return match was played in Sydney in the following year. From various causes the matches were allowed to drop, and were not resumed till 1878, when the third contest took place in Sydney in 1879 and 1880 the fourth and fifth matches were played in Melbourne, and the sixth will commence on our own ground on Friday next. Of the five matches which have already been played four have been won by our men, the inaugural contest being the only one in which they were defeated. The match of 1879, played in Melbourne and won by Sydney by 16 runs, will long be remembered as one of the most exciting contests over played on the ground of the M. C. 0 As no gate-money considerations are allowed any weight in this contest, and as many of the best players in both colonies will take part in it, the public who accord their patronage to it may expect an enjoyable day or two. But there is something outside the cricket aspect that renders these contests interesting. In all probability the future law makers and rulers of these colonies will be largely drawn from the ranks of those who are now passing through our great educational establishments, and some of those who this week will struggle for the supremacy of their universities in the cricket field may before many years are past, be called upon to take part in the councils of their colonies, and possibly to be the arbiters of their destinies in grave and important crises. The more important business of life will certainly not be more difficult from the fact that those engaged in it became acquainted possibly contracted friendship-in the cricket-field. Yo hope the match will receive the patronage which is its due. A correspondent, writing on behalf of the Local Option League, objects to the imputation that local optionists are prohibitionists in disguise It may be a mistake to say in disguise, because usually the disguise is so thin as to be quite useless for its intended purpose. Our correspondent may probably be taken as a fair specimen of a local optionists, and though he is indignant at the idea of prohibition at the commencement of his letter, he displays a most hungry zeal for it before the close. " If the people want prohibition, he says, " let them have it, and let them decide about it, of course, by the plebiscitum of local option. Let the majority rule absolutely in the matter, and let the minority submit, as they have to submit when they elect members of Parliament." If our correspondent would only open his eyes to the difference between electing a lawmaker and making a law he would begin to see the constitutional objection to his theory. The will of the majority might be, in some parts of the world is against the eating of flesh . but would it be the duty of the " minority, then, to submit to a vegetarian diet? " The meat is harmless, the local optionists would say ; but the Hindoo would reply, " All the evil passions which vex mankind grow out of the consumption of meat. '* 'And Hindoos being a majority would claim on local-option principles the reasonable liberty of passing by a mere vote whatever laws against flesh they might deem necessary. " The great principle at stake," says our correspondent, " is the right of the people to deal with the traffic in drink at they all decide-not to prohibit, but to say Yes or No." But would not the " No he prohibition P And is not our sorrows spondent a representative local optionists, doing his utmost even in the letter he writes to create a public sentiment which shall reply by a unanimous, or at least an overpowering, No whenever the question is put? Let us make our position in the matter perfectly clear, for a meandering correspondence is but bother without progress. The fight for local option, wherever it is associated with an antipathy to the drink trade, is a fight for prohibition, under the disguise of the privilege of the majority. The" plebiscite by which it is proposed to arrive at the public desire is a dangerous and pestilent innovation, the beginning, in fact, of mob rule, of a direct appeal to the passion, prejudice, or momentary impulse of the multitude, instead of to the deliberate counsel of those the multitude may choose to govern or to legislate. 