THE QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY. The weatlier'in Sandhurst yesterday was very fine, and tho various holiday seekers in-and around the city consequently did not have any cause to complain of the clerk of tho weather. The Rags were flying from the towers of the Town Hal!, while most of the flagstaffs in the city, including that at the headquarters of the Deutcher Verein, were similarly adorned in honor of the natal day of her Majesty. Tho shops were noarly all closed, but hero aud there, in some establishments where it is intended to celebrate tho event by a whole holiday on Wednesday, business was carried on as usual. It cannot bo said that th&re; were any special attractions in tho city itself, for beyond the lacrosse, football, theatro, and other smaller enter tainments, there was nothing to specially distin guish the day from ordinary weekly holidays. The principal events will be found detailed below: LACROSSE MATCH. SOUTH MELBOURNE V. BKNDIOO. Yesterday aftornoc.n tho match between the Bondigo Lacrosse Club aud tho South Melbourne Lacrosse Club came off in tho Upper Reserve in iho presence of a very good number of spectators. The visitors, who are tho strongest of tho Metro politan teams, proved themselves too much for the local men, against whom they scored two goals to nil. The goals were scored, howevor, in tho earlier part of tho game. Afterwards the local players, to whom was allotted tho work of defence, were frequently on their mettle, some tough fights taking place in the neighborhood of their goal. A. Tawse, G. Hill, G. H. Varcoo, and J. E. Buchan (capt.) were very conspicuous in this part of the field, and were successful in relieving their goal from danger timo after timo. S. Brockley and J. D. Boyd also worked very hard in moro forward positions: in fact nearly all the team showed great activity. For the visitors, the Gordons, five in number, were naturally very conspicuous. George and Charles, who played on the defence, were not so frequently called upon, as their companions further forward, but when they wore required, they showed some very superior play, while Charles, who ia said to be the longest thrower in the colony, gave a few telling instances of his powor in this direction. Arthur Gordon in tho centre, and W. 1\. and Alick Gordon, who w«ro entrusted with tho attack, also showed somo very fine play. M'Haig wns another player who did some wonder ful service in defensive work, while Tribe in tho centre of the ground was very prominent. Tho local players were chiefly deficient in picking tip and throwing the ball, but the email amount of practico they have in consquonco of the lack of clubs in the district must bo taken into account. Tho absence of Allsop was very much felt, while Code, who was playing well at the start, was obliged to retire early in tho gamo owing to his becoming knocked up. The action of tho footballers in interrupting the progross of the game cannot be too highly con demned. The ground had been applied for by the lacrosse players and the footballers, but in con sideration of tho fact that the footballers had beon ill the habit of using it continually, the privilege for yesterday was granted to tho lacrosse players. When it became known, however that tho match would bo concluded by -1 o'clock the footballers were informed that the ground would be at their service after 4 o'clock. An understand ing was arrived at yesterday that the lacrosso players would cease play twenty minutes before four o'clock in order - to oblige the footballers. Notwithstanding this friendly arrangement, and the prior right which the lacrosse players had to the ground, the Imperial players and supporters trespassod on the ground at half-past three o'clock, and very soon the lacrosse match had to be brought to a conclusion. The Melbourne lacrosse players say that their matches have never yet been inter fered with in Melbourne, and a severe reproof should be administered to the local footballers who bring Sandhurst into such discredit in tho eyes of visitors from tho metropolis. At an excellent dinner in the evening at Bur ridge's about 50 gentlemen sat down. The presi dent of the Bendigo Club, Dr. J. D. Boyd, occupied tho chair. After tho toast of the " Queen," which was honored by tho company singing the first verse of the National Anthem, Mr. J. ]i. Buchan, captain of the locals, proposed the health of " The visitors, the South Melbourne Club," in a few pleasant and appropriate remarks. Mr. George Gordon, in responding, remarked that in the ranks of the Bendigo there were the making of some splendid players. He thought that la crosse had a great future in this colony. He had taken part in cricket and football, but considered that, both as a scientific and healthful sport, the game of lacrosse was before each of thorn. Tho Melbourne players were much gratifiod with the manner in which they had been received in Sand hurst. Mr. T. Smith, vic3-president of the Bendigo Club, proposed "Success to the Victorian Lacrosse Association." Mr. Hea'e, secrotary of the association, in responding, said that the asso ciation would only be too happy to assist the players in Sandhurst, and to carry out any wishes expressed by them, whore i>ossiblo. The associa tion was doing all it could to procure tho establish ment of clubs in tho country, and it hoped to be more successful in the future tlian.it had been up to the present. Mr. G. Gordon next proposed the health of the Bondigo Club. Mr. J. E. Buchan in responding, took, the opportunity to thank the visitors for coming to Sandhurst, for tho purpose of arousiug enthusiasm in the dis trict in favor of lacrosse. The chairman then pre sented Mr. ' Gordon, as captain of tho winning team, with the medal offered for competition by Jlr. J. Moody. Tho trophy was suitably adorned with emblems of the game. _ In the re marks of the chairman and the recipieut of the gift, referenco was made to the unfortunate rush ing of the ground by the footballers, and Mr. Gordon expressed tho opinion of tho visitors, that the Bendigo club were in no way to blame for the interference with tho gamo. Mr. Hall proposed "Kindred Clubs," which was responded to by Messrs. G. Mackay (B.U.C.C.) and M. Harwood (ViewPoi'nt). The toast of tho " Press," by Mr. Fox, and the " Chairman " brought tho proceed ings, which were marked by the utmost cordiality, to a conclusion. Tho visitors returned to Mel bourne by tho evening train. FOOTBALL MATCH. NORTH PARK V. SANDHURST IMPERIALS. Yesterday afternoon iu the Upper Reserve a match was played between tho North Park, a junior Melbourne club, and the Sandhurst Im p.-riala: The visitors proved themselves a capital lot, and won tho game by six goals to nil. In marking and kicking they were especially good, the kicking being far superior to that on the Sandhurst side. The game wa8 started about four o'clock. The North Park wou the toss, and elected to kick towards the southern goal. Immediately after tho kick - olf the local men had somewhat tho best of tho game, but the strength of tho visitors soon told, and they forced the ball down to the other end, but at first their efforts were woll repulsed. At length, liowever, out of a scrimmage, Barry kicked a goal. Prom this till half-time the visitors had again much the best of it, and added two more goals. The second was the result of a splendid kick at an angle by Forbes, and Rusliford kicked the third from a mark in front. After the usual interval play was resumed, but for some time neither side gained much advantage, the Imperials warding olf several attacks on their goal. The visitors then commenced to show some very superior play, and had much the best of the game to the finish. They increased the number of their goals to six, the additional three being kicked by Forbes (2) and Barry. Tho last goal was obtained just before time was called. The game thus resulted in a victory for the North Park by 6 goals and C bohinds to nil. For the visitors Forbes, Barry, Fox (2), and Williams played very well, and for tho local men O'Neill, Way, Bloekliarris, Dunne, and Izatt, did good service. Mr. Mungovan acted as field umpire with his usual success. . EXCURSION TO BALLARAT. (by OUR OWN REPORTER). On Saturday evening tho members of the Sand hurst Football Club chartered a special train to Ballarat to try conclusions with the local club. A start was made from tho station at eight o'clock, there being about 120 seated in the carriages. Owing to having to wait at Creswick for twenty five minutes the train did not reach Ballarat till ten minutes past twelve. The team were mot at the station by the secretary of the Ballarat Club (Mr. J. Lonie), and several of the members. They were conducted to Stoddat's Cumberland Hotel, Bridge-street, where a supper was provided; Mr ?T. Lonie occupied the chair and welcomed tho visitors to tho city. A very pleasant hour was spent, though no toasts were proposed. On Sunday afternoon tho Ballarat Football Club provided drags, and about twenty-five of the visiting team were drivon to Lake Wendouree and the Gong Gong reservoirs. The latter, of which there are two, are about five miles out. The scenery around is very pretty. Hero wine was partaken of, after which the return journey was made, the city being reached about five o'clock. On Monday morning, at the invitation of the Mayor, Mr. Morrison, about 30 of the visitors and members of the Ballarat Football Club, met at the Town Hall. The Mayor welcomed tho members of the Sandhurst Football Club to the city. He trusted the match with the local club would be conducted in the best spirit, and that tho trip would prove an enjoyable one As the day was recognised as a public holiday in conseriuouce of the Queen's birthday he would propose the toast of "The Queen." Tho National Anthom was then sung. Those who desired were afterwards shown over tho Town Hall and tho Clock Tower. Sir. Miller, tho hon. secretary of the Sandhurst Football Club, thanked tho Mayor for his kindnees and courtesy, and tbreo cheers having boon given for him, the company broke up. .Drags were in waiting outside, and the Phoenix Poundry was visited. Mr. J. Louie showed the visitors over the workshops. The woollen mills were also gone throueh, the manager being most obliging. At both places great interest was taken in the various works. After returning to (lie. city aud partaking of lunch tho party pro ceeded to Saxon paddock, where tho match was to bo played. THE PLAY. There was a good number of persons present to witness the football match. Both clubs were well represented. In tho first half tho Ballarat team had it almost all their own way, but the Sandhurst played much bettor in the second half though they were not fortunata in scoring. The result was a a very easy victory for Ballarat, the kicking of their goal sneak, Coram, being most sure. He kicked no fewer than four out of the eight goals. At about a quarter-past three the gaino was started. J. Graham captained tho Ballarat and G-. Eadie the Sandhurst. Ballarat won the toss and T. Noswortliy kicked up tho ground. Coram a minute after starting received a mark and safely piloted the ball through. On being kicked "If play was uneventful for some time until the leather was forced to the Sandhurst end and a behind was kicked. Sent away, Gleeson made a tplondid run and put the ball in front of the Ballarat goal. The backs averted tho danger and play was again transferred. The outcome was a behind. Immediately afterwards Newlands ob tained a mark in front and scored a behind, R. Bodysgnjba semiring another) Oa being kicked, off the ball was rushed to the Ballarat end, where Hutchens by a pond kick put it -well in front. T. Nosworthy quickly picked it up and put the leather safely through. On being set in play Coram got a mark and again scored a goal. Nos worthy sent it away but it -was returned and Couttie kicked a behind. Aftar some uneventful play, li, Bodycombe put the third goal to the credit of Billarat. On being put into play the leathor was kiept hovering round the Sandhurst posts, and Coram made an unsuc cessful attempt to store. Matthew3 was playing back splendidly. Coram had another chance in front, and he availed himself o£ it. Kerr took the ball into Ballarat territory, but tho backs were equal to tho occasion, aud passed it to tho other oud. Davis, Matthews, and A~ Nosworthy by a succession of littlo marks averted the danger. Couthe shortly afterwards got a behind, and another was scored by Coopetr, the result of an easy shot for goal. Kicked off, and Bvans put tho fifth goal to tho score of Ballarat, a behind also being secured. The all round play of Ballarat was now excellent, and they availed themselves of every chance. From this to. half- timo play was wholly in favor of tho Bn.ltar.it, and they got another behind. The result a.t this stage was Bal larat five goals nine behiuds; Sandhurst, one goal, On being bounced tho ball was rushed to the Ballarat end, but it was immediately taken to tho Sandhurst stronghold, and a behind was scored. A goal was kicked by A. Bodycombe, the result of some good littlo marking. Sent away, Sandhurst took possession, and a good kick out of a scrimmage would have sent tho ball between the sticks had it not been smartly taken a few inches from tho posts by a Ballarat player. Sandhurst were now playing a good game, T. Nosworthy, Kerr, and T. Davis, being especially prominent. They succeoded in keeping tho leather in front of their opponents' stronghold. T. Nosworthy made an excellent attempt to score from a difficult angle, but the ball was stopped on tho posts. For about five minutes the leather was kept noar the Ballarat gaol, but it wa3 eventually sent forward and Ballarat got a behind. Kerr, Matthews, and Brew by littlo marking stmt it into Ballarat territory, but it was brought back, and Thompson had a shot a few yards away. Ho kickod badly, and only got a behind. Matthews kicked off, and Ilerr put it well forward. Walker pot a mark, and scored a behind for Sandhurst. Ballarat then secured two behiods in succession. Skehan took the ball away splendidly, but it was roturned, ard Angwin by a sharp piece of play scored another goal. 'Kerr kicked off. Ballarat again took possession, and Angwin put another behind on. Coram shortly afterwards kicked a goal. Ballarat got another behind before time was called. The game th us resulted in an easy win for Ballarat by 8 goali< 16 behinds, to 1 goal 1 behind. Bodycome (2), Cc ram, Coutho, Graham (capt.), Evans, Brown an d Angwin played in capital style for Ballarat, and Kerr, Matthews, T, and A. Nosworthy, Gleeson, Davis an"! Skehan for Sandhurst. Mr. Mandarson acted as central umpire, and was very impartial. THE CYCLISTS. About a dozen members of the Sandhurst Cycling Club accompanied the footballers. On Sunday morning Mr. Shimrason, the vice-captain of the Ballarat Club, and several other members entertained the visitors at the Lake Viow Hotel. Mr. F. Clarke, the secretary, was in the chair. The chairman, in a few appropriate remarks, pro posed the toast of " Tha Sandhurst Cycling and Football Clubs." Mr. Miller responded. Mr. Julien proposed the toast of "The Ballarat Cycling and Football Clubs," to which the chair man responded. Mr. Miller proposed the toast of " The Ballarat Cycling Club.' Mr. R. A. Thom son, the captain, responded. Other toasts wore also honored. Tho machines were then mounted, and a run was taken to Lake Wendoureo. After viewing the best sights, here, including the boat sheds, the Western Oval was visited. After going through tho Botanical Gardens and tho fernery, they proceeded along the Strathfieldsaye road, and returned to town aftor boing out for about throe hours. LAWN TENNIS. Yesterday morning several of tho lawn tennis players, who had also joined in tho trip proceeded to the Eastern Oval. Messrs. Eadie and Walkor, Sandhurst, played against Messrs. Figgis anr(l Orr, Ballatat, and Mr. Trench, Sandhurst, against Mr. ISryce, Ballarat. Ballarat werelvictorious in both instances by 7 and 5 points respectively. Messrs. Figsris and Bryce beat Messrs. Trench and Eadie by 3 points, and Mr. Orr beat Mr. Walker by 7 points. Several other games wore played, but theso were tho only ones of interest. PICNIC AT AXED ALE. A picnic in honor of the Queen's Birthday was held at the Axedale race course, on tha Campaspe. The arrangements for tho gathering wore carried out by a committee consisting of tho leading resi dents of that locality, and they with their hon. secretary, Mr. J. Mmter, worked hard to bring the affaii to a successful issue. The weather was fine, and there was a pretty fair attendance of tho public. A lengthy programme of sports was gone through, but the competitors were all local men. The maiden race was won by E. J. O'Dwyer, with J. Harris a close second. Por tho Axedalo Handi cap there were six entries, the result being O'Dwyer first and J. Minter second. E. Drake won tho Handicap Hurdle Race. Mr. M. M'Len nan acted as starter, and Messrs. Hannon and Cuthbertson, as judges, discharged their duties satisfactorily. In addition to the sports a scratch cricket match was played, and dancing on the green was indulged in. RIFLE MATCH. A match took place yesterday at tho Sandhurst range betweon the Inglewood and Pyramid Hill Rifle Clubs -which, as a roferenco to the scores will show, resulted in a victory for the Inglewood team by 93 points. It was first intended that the match should bo a. triangular one, but owing to the Sandhurst Militia, the third team, having been obliged to go to Melbourne, the match had to be confined to the Inglewood and Pyramid Hill. The following are the scores INGLEWOOD. E. J. Hawkins (Capt.) J. W. Mason ... J". M. Da vies ... J. E. Reardon ... John Sloane ... R. Gunet E. E. Hawkins .T. C. Morrow ... James Sloane ... , N. Hawkins ... Total- ...; 25 21 18 13 13, 23 : 17 "19" , 15 : 15 Ptbahid -HILL. J.H.Kelly ...: Leach ... ... Thos. Watson... H. Henderson... G. R. Finchom (Capt.) John Watson ... M. Dee F. Todd Joseph Coleman Henderson, senr. Total 541 CONCERT AT ST. KILIAN'S. In the evening a concert was held in St. Kalian's Hall, M'Crao-street, under the auspices of the Roman Catholic Total Abstinence Association. There were a good many persona present, and the following interesting programme was gone through. Overture, Crown Bandj song Mr. G. Bain; song, Miss Coyle; song, Bertie Wells in tho absence of Master Pascoe; song, Mrs. Jones; song, Mr. W. Coughlan; highland fling Mr. White'; song, Miss Williams; song, (comic) Mr. J. Roach; song, Miss Cummins; horn pipe, Mr. J. Cunningham; song Bertis Wells; song, Mrs. Jones in the absenca of Miss Collins; song (comic), Mr. J. Roach, in the absenca of Mr. Curry; song, Miss Smith; Irish Jig, Mr. M'Mahon. Each of the above was well received. Mr, J. Bockleman played tha accompanimentB in a mas torly manner. After the concert tho room was cleared for dancing, which was kept up until a late hour. Tho music was supplied by Butler's String Band. THE HOLIDAY IN MELBOURNE. (FBDM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Tho anniversary of her Majesty's birthday, or rather tho day set apart for its observance, haa on the present occasion been celebrated here with all tho loyalty and heartiness which have always characterised the people of tho colony which bears the name of our beloved Sovereign; and the enjoy ment of tho various spectacles and amusements incidental to tho holiday has been much enhanced by the exceptionally fine weather-real Queen's weather in fact-with which we have boen favored. This was a particularly fortunate circumstance inasmuch as tho succe..;. of the grand military display at Albert Park as a. public show would have been quite ruined, if instead of a bright sky overhead and firm ground under foot, wo had had a day of drizzling rain and muddy ways like those of which we have experienced so many during the last few weeks. On no previous anniversary of tho same kind, per haps, have wo had so many out- of-door attractions running abreast of each other, as has been the case to- day; for in addition to tho military review in Albert Park, already referred <;o, we have had a Grand Demonstration of the Metropolitan Fire Brigades, at the Friendly Societies' Gardens, the Melbourne Hunt Club Races, at Flemington, and vaiious football matches of considerable interest and ether sports too numerous to mention, all of which wero attended by large numbers of spec tators. THE LEVEE. The levee held by Ilia Excellency Sir H. B. Loch at Government House, in honor of. her Majesty's birthday, was very largely attended, tho number of presentations being somewhat greater than upon the occasion of the last reception of a similar character in July last. The grand ball room had been tastefully decorated with flags, banners and ferns, and judiciously sub- divided by means of cords and crimson-covered seats, so as to prevent crowding and confusion; while partially screoned by the decorations Lady Loch, Lady Lymington and the members of the vice-regal family were accommodated with chairs in the balcony, from which "coign of vantage" they wero able to get an excellent view of the busy scene enacted below. After the preliminary cere mony of receiving those gentlemen who held cards of private cniric, at the reception room adjoining the main entrance, His Excellency took up his position on the dais in tho ball-room at 11 a.m., when the genoral presentation at once commenced. His Excellency, who wore tho Windsor uniform, was attended on his right hand by the Premier, tho Miniijtw o£ Poisow, also in {h« WinJet uniform, and Captain Thotnaa, R.N., in the uni form of a post captain. On the Governor's left and also on the dais were Major General Downes and Gols. Disney, Hutton and Price, all of course in their full dresa uniforms. Below the dais and on the right hand of His Excollency were to bo seen amongst other distinguished persons, tho foreign consuls in their state uniforms, forming a vory attractive-looking group, while those gentle men on the left included the learned Judges iu their robe3 of office, the Bishop of Melbourne iu full canonicals, the Chief Secretary, the Attorney General, etc. The various avenues were kept by a detachment of the Permanent Artillery and the ceremonial of presentation in the usual form, was facilitated by the assistance of Lord Castlerosse, His Excellency's private secretary, and Captain Traill, his aide-de-camp. THE REVIEW. Notwithstanding the ominous state of the weather for some days past, what is commonly known as " Queen's weather," ushered iu the holi day set apart for the sixty-sixth birthday of Hor Majesty's natal day. In order to afford the largest number of the population .possible an op portunity of judging for themselves the efficiency of the Defence forces,Albert Park was fixed upon for tho scone of a grand military review, and accordingly from an early hour in the morning large crowds of town and country holiday seekers micht have boen seen on thoir way to South Melbourne. In consequence of recent war scare3 much more interest than usual was felt in the military operations, and during the day over 30,000 people must have witnessed the manceuvre?. Apart from the fact that Albert Park is situated at a convenient distance from the metropolis, it has little or nothing to recommend it as a review ground. The spaee available for the evolutions of troops is much too small, and any attempt to rail in enclosures for privileged spectators must always end, as it did to-day, in disastrous failure. During the early part of the day the polico had little difficulty in keeping the enclosures free from encroachment,but immediately after his Excellency's arrival tho re servos were rushed, and there was an indiscrimi nate mingling of all ranks and classes, whose anxiety to see what was going on made them all equal for the time being. The crowd, however, was good-humoured, as Victorian crowds are wont to be, and it is more than probable that peace and order would have been just as well maintained with fewer constables than the 100 under Inspec tor Acton's command. Tho troops commenced to arrive on the ground about 10 o'clock, when the first and second Battalions of Metropolitan Rifles put in their appearance, followed by the Artillery (field and garrison), the Cavalry, the Engineers, tho Torpedo Corps, the Third Battalion (Ballarat), the Fourth Battalion (Sandhurst), and the Naval Brigade. Upon arriving upon the ground, the troops were exercised in company and battalion drill, in which numerous spectators evinced a lively interest, each corps having its particular crowd of admirers. Taking into consideration the comparatively short time that many of tho companies havo had for drill, tho men evinced remark able steadiness in their various movements, Eroving that well-qualified drill instructors have ad on the whole apt pupils. Of tho troops that presented a specially soldierly appearance, the Naval Brigade, the Ballarat Rifles (3rd battalion), and the Permanent Artillery are, perhaps, en titled to the first place. The Fourth Battalion, tho old Mount Alexander battalion, having dis carded the old familiar gray and donned tho pre vailing scarlet, failed to attract any distinctive notice. Sandhurst furnished the only contingent of cavalry on the ground, if we except Sir William Clarke's Nordenfeldt Battery of three guns, which is a sort of compromise between cavalry and artillory. Punctually at 3 o'clock His Excellency the Governor, Commander-in-Chief of the forces, accompanied by his son, Master Douglas Loch, Colonel Disney, commandant, Colonel Sareood, Minister of Defence; Lord Castlerosse, Private Secretary, and Captain Traill, Aide-de-Camp, arrived on the ground, and were roceived by the staff officers. Lady Loch, and suite, accompanied bv Captain Thomas, commander of the Victoriau Naval Forces, had arrived in a carriage shortly before. His Excellency at once proceeded to ride along the lines, the troops being drawn up in tho following order, commencing from the loft:-First lino-Naval Reserve, 1st, 2nd, '1th and 3rd Battalion Rifles. Second line Cavalry, Nordenfeldt Battery, Permanent Artil lery, Garrison Artillery, Torpedo Corps and Engi neers. Tho South Melbourne Field Artillery occupied the left wing, and the East Melbourne the right. Upon the Governor's arrival, the troops presented arms, and the bands played tho Royal salute, and His Excellency having inspected the lines, he rode back with his suite to the saluting point. The batteries of field artillery then fired three salutes of seven guns each, and the rifles endeavored to let off three feu dejoic, which did not eventuate in a very brilliant Buccess. Probably the comparative failure of the firing in line is to be attributed to the fact that the troops havo had no practice in brigade drill. Three most enthusiastic and ad mirably well timed cheers for the Queen finished the manoeuvres in line, and then the great event of the day, the march past, com menced, tho bauds being situated in tho centre of tho field, and playing by turn. The troops marched past in the follow ing order, saluting his Excellency as they passed : -Staff officers, Cavalry, Nordenfeldt Battery, East Melbourne, South Melbourne and St. Kilda Field Artillery, Naval Reserve (with ambulance), Telegraphic and Mining Corps, Permanent Artillery, Garrison Artillery (Williamstown, Gee long and Drysdale), Enginoers, Torpedo Corps, First, Second, Fourth, and Third Battalions Rifles. The marching generally was very good, though more drill is required to give evenness and steadiness to the various companies. The parade state was as follows :-Officers-Two colonels, 14 lieutenant-colonels, 25 majors, 25 captains, 3 adjutants, 62 lieutenants and non-commissioned officers, 37 drill-instructors, 15 sergeants-majors, 101 sergeants, privates 1,878, 20 guns, 169 horses. The numbers are not nearly so largo as wore expected, but as recruiting is going on fast, quite double the number may be expected to take part in the review this time next year. HUNT CLUB RACES. Race3 hold their own, though opposed by other sports, and there was no exception to this rule in the case of the Melbourne Hunt Club Meeting at Flemington, the attendance being excellent. The weathor was delightful, and Bome of the races wore finely contested. SELLING RACK (of 50 sovs.).-Achmet, 1; Dela mia, 2; Warina, 3. Gold Top, Sunstroke, Cecrops, Brella and Leisure also went. Betting: 5 to 4 Delaraia; 4 to 1 Achmet and Gold Top; 5 to 10 to 1 others. The favorite got so badly away that she was unable to recover her lost ground. Half way up the course Achmet was leading, and, holding his own to tho end, he beat Delaania by two lengths; Warina third. Time, -514 sees. The winner was bought in at £135. HANDICAP HURDLE RACK.-Royal Maid, 1; Huntor, 2; Equity, 3. Guaixliiish, Ingleside, Despatch, Dunstan, Equity, Old Soul, Hunter, Fusileer, Beresford, William J, "Waverly, Nutlad, Pride of Oaklands and Cockboat were tho other runners. Betting: 2 to 1 OldJSoul and Hunter, 6 to 20 to 1 others. Royal Maad showed the way over the first jump, but Waverly led by the stand, with Royal Maid second, and Fusileer next. These were the positions when the abattoirs were reached where Pride of Oaklands fell, and Hunter joined the leaders. Royal Maid was first round the turn into tho straight, but waa then joined by Hunter, -and the two raced together to the last jump. The Maid jumped the cleanest, and beat Hunter after a good race by nearly a length, Equity third. Time-3 mins. 15J secs._ A protest was entered against the winner, but it was dismissed. BIRTHDAY HANDICAP.-Grace, Darling, 1; Ment more, 2; Arsenal, 3. Duration, Meteor, Stafford, Pailleroo, Ringmaster, Uuc.\s, Gardener, Land ae6r, Gipsy's Warning, Footman, Hobart, Impulse, Agnes, and Ebony also wejit. Betting: 4 to 1 Assenal, 5 to 1 Mentmore, 6 to 1 Hobart, 8 at''d 10 to 1 others. Meteor and (Stafford mad«th\\-IWming to the straight, with Daration and Hobart close up, but once woll iu th$ straight Grace Darling and Mentmore drew clear of the field, and a fine race resulted in a dead heat; Arsenal third. Time 1 min, 43J sees. In the run off Grace Darling won by a longth. Time-1 min. 44 sees. HANDICAP STEEPLECHASE.-Songster, 1; Re ticent, 2; Blackthorn, 3. Granville, Nativo, Fickle, Moy, and Whitethorn also went. Betting: 3 to 1 Songster; 4 to 1 Native and Blackthorn; 5 to 1 Granville, Fickle and Reticent. Native led soon after the start, and showed the way past the Btand, with Moy and Songster next, but at the last jump of the treble the leader did not get over until the second attempt, and Fickle led to the railway bridge, where he was supplanted by Blackthorn. A little later Whitethorn and Native fell. Blackthorn continued and was the first to enter the straight, previous to which Granville came down. Songster came full of running in the straight, and won easily from Reticent; Blackthorn third. Time-4 mins. 54| sees. SECOND SELLING RACE.-Woodbine, 1; Sun Btroke, 2; Cecrops, 3. No others started. Betting: 2 to 1 on Woodbine, who ran a waiting race and won by a neck, which might have been consider ably more had Flannagan liked. Time-1 min. ISA sees. The winner was sold to Mr. Haydon for £85. WELTER HANDICAP FLAT RACE.- Stafford, 1; Stationer, 2; Doncaster, 3. Tho other runners were-The Ghost, Pailleroo, Polestar, Landseer, Sea Breeze and Sir Charles. Stafford and Stationer were soon in front of everything, and tho former won by threo or four lengths from Stationer, Doncastor being third. Time-1 min. 54 sees. THE HOLIDAY AT BALLARAT. IBY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPII.1 (FR03I OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Monday, 25th May. Tho weathor has beon dull, but without rain, and tho holiday has beon a general oua. Tho principal events were tho Fire Brigade sports at Russell- square and tho football matches, Ballarat against Sandhurst, and South Ballarat against jFitzroy. _ It is surmised that like tho Ballarat bowlers in Sydney the Sandhurst players were handicapped with the weight of manifold hospi talities, for the match went against them by 8 goals to 1. The other match resulted in a tie of 3 goals each, with 18 bohinds for South Ballarat and 5 for Fitzroy. The holiday gave the Dampier Company at the Academy a crowded house for the Vagabond's " Russia and England." The merits of the play are variously discussed. THE HOLIDAY IN ECHUCA. [BY ELECTRIC TELEORAPU.1 (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Monday, 2oth May. The anniversary o£ tho Queen's birthday was closely observed as a. public holiday in Echuca, all the shops being closed. The principal amuse ments were a football match between Echuca and Moroopna teams, the forming winning by one gnul six behinds to five behinds by the Moroopna. Both teams plavod well, but the Echuca played the more sciontificgame, and their little marks were $99 IBUQII fw thg Moroopm, The Ujhusa got three goals in the first half, which wore disallowed as twenty-one men were playing. A rifle match was fired between teams from Elmore and Echuca Rifle Clubs, the latter being victorious with a score of 588 to their opponents 334\. Elmore were under the disadvantage of not having had sufficient practice. The Echuca team however fired very consistently throughout. A twelve dog stako coursing match took place at Wh.irparilla, the final run resulting as follows : D. Sutherland's f s Needlework, G. Stanley Needle beat H. Malone's black and white dog Spanker, pedigree unkuown. Tho weather was beautifully fine and warm all day. ROCHESTER SPORTS. I BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH. 1 (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Monday, 25th May. The annual athletic sports meeting was largely attended, there being over 1,000 persons, includ ing visitors from Melbourne, Sandhurst, Echuca, and the intermediate districts. Each event was well contested, and great credit is due to the com mittee and Bccretary, Mr. H. Gregory. The woather was delightful. Great interest was taken in the Sheffield Haudicap, District Race, Mile and Bicycle Races. Tho Church of England had a stall on tho ground for the sale of gifts, and did a roaring trado. An excellent luncheon was sup plied by Mr. C. Ryan, o? the Criteiion Hotel. The following are the particulars of the races: MAIDEN- RACK.-J. Harvey, 1; A. Morgan, 2. SHEFFIELD HANDICAP.-W. Hodges, Rochester, 1; H. Rooney, Diggora, 2; W. Kinsella, Rochester, 3; J. Harvey, Rochester, 4. DISTRICT RACK (100 yards.)-D. Moore, Pannoo milloo, 1: W. Ham, Pannoomilloo, 2. 150 yards. W. Ham, 1; J. McCormick, 2; C. W. Taylor, 3. 200 yards.-W. Hani, 1; D. Moore, 2. MECHANICS' RACE.-J. Gray, 1; J. McMahon, 2. BOY'S RACE.-W. Irvin, 1; W. Alderwick, 2. MILE RACE.-W. Wilson, 1; E. Roberts, 2; W. Garrall, 3. Time-4 mins. 35 sec3. BICYCLE RACE (One m'le).-M. E. Gilbort, Sandhurst, 1; J. Robinson, Sandhurst, 2. Two Miles.-Same winners. WALKING MATCH (One mile).-H. Sannerman, 1; B. E. Murphy, 2. Bird and Cummins were dis qualified for running. Wartrop fell out the second time round. HURDLE RACE.-W. Wilson, 1;P. Hardy, 2; H. Rouney, 3. THROWING HEAVY WEIGHT.-W. H. Burley, Rochester, 34 feet 5 inches, 1; P. Flaherty, Rochester, 2. ... RUNNING HIGH Juitr.-W. Wilson, 5 feet 3 inches, 1. OBSTACLE RACE.-This was a most exciting event, the course being over hurdles, through barrels and sacks, and over a high fence. Tne result was, W. Hart, 1; E. Thomas, 2; W. Wilson, 3. QUOIT MATCH.-W. Bennett, Rochester. The Mechanics' Brass Band, from Roches ter, enlivened the sports, discoursing excel lent music, and the whole proceedings wound up with a select ball in the Shire Hall. About fifty couples were present, Mr. D. Gravell acting as M.C. The music was supplied by Messrs. Humphies Bros. Over £5 more were taken at the gates than on any previous year. S.T.C. BIRTHDAY MEET. IRKUTSK'S TELEGRAM.] SYDNF.Y, 25th May. The above races were run to-day with the following results: Hurdle Race.-Indian Queen, 1; Rocket, 2; Pyrrlms, 3. Nine started. The race was won easily by two lengths. Kingston fell. Timo - 4 mins. 35 sees. Royal Stakes.-Honeydew (Nicholson), 1; Espeigle (Harris), 2; Storm (Macdowall), 3. Sixteen started. Betting: Kings town was 4 to 1. Honeydew won in a canter by three _ lengths. Time-1 min. 15^ sees. May Handicap.-Merry Duchess, 1; Pet Girl, 2; Keith, 3\. Six started. This race was won by two lengths. Timo-1 min. 2J sees. Cup.-Honeydew (Macauliffe), with 71bs. penalty, 1; Venetia (Huxton), 3; Tom Brown (M'Grade), 3. Tho other starters wero Merlin, Soldier Boy, Rapid, Warwick, Archie, Broker, Anchorite, King's Own, Ellington, Polestar, Jewel, Phyllis, LordClifden, and Albert Victor. Cotting: G to 1 Venetia, 7 to 1 Anchorite and the Broker, 10 to 1. others. A good start was made, Anchorite leading until they passed the stand, when Polestar took up tho running and led to the turn, where Honeydew, Venetia, and King's Own came up, and between the rails Honeydew came away and won by a length from Venetia, ' who beat Tom Brown by half a length. Time 2 mins. 2G{ socs. 