LOOKOUT. ... It is fortunate for me that I ami not' a Civil Servant, or' I- am'afraid 'I should; be made liable to the pains and: penalties chargeable. on hthose who speak disrespectfully of ,the Coinmissioners in despite of the ukase' to the contrary; - If the Commissioners only hear, as I hear,-th'e'blessings that are poured upon their heads by: the devoted Civil Servants, in 'one Sontinuous stream, they would feel-well-per. hapsthe best term is-all-over ,and ' nowhere in particular. oNow that the C.S; classifiEition has oeinout;'there is gnashing of teeth in Gath and wailing in Bathshebia: th: low lalaried ones mourning for their increments; and refusing tobe bomforted because they are not'wihat might' hve been expected._; In the ..-words of the poet- " "All':the h.opes' of. their. yiyuth are shattered'ad fled, ii fact, the ii ple cart'is capsized; and they are left lamenting." Her'obn one hand are the- letter-cariiers, who hav'itheir maximum-wages ieduced, and their statirs reduced also; until they actiually thinik of resigning in a body. But theyuare not the only,.complainants in that r'espect, as itwould. appear as if the Commissioners had intended to save the amount of their owi salaries out of the reduciiois they have made in the pay of of officers:iinder'~ 56" iper annui,' while the Slargeialaried'men are either left as they, are, or to -be increasid.'-: The 'esprit 'decors between the Commissioners and the'upper citisteofficers'seeins to be perfect.' fThe classi :ficatidi ilso is a thing fearfully arid'wonderfally maded'" Fr'i examinple; thle 'nen who have chaig1i'fof the opening of bags' containing registered letters and hindling of them; arre et dowr' as;nonicleiical, and aniother setl of men Stersted custoih weighers; whose duties' are to take. etlieis nly, are also nori-clerical. 'WVh6 on &erth; are the clerical gentlemen; if these, with such responsibilities upon. them are: htit incldeld in' the list? fi' fact a .sort,.of geneial? pinion is expressed that if..the'Civil Service Commissioners, and a select. inunber of th highly paid officials wee .to',.voluiteer for th'eSo4dan, the present depth'of sorrow in whicli'the Service is plunged.would be' 'soime whatamiticated. . . . ."A curious tale is being told at St. Kilda. It isthat during the past few weeks "htgghost" has been walking in the St: Kilda cemetery, and has caused great alarm to several ladies. A tradesman residing near determined to have a shot at the ghost, aPid on Saturday night w'atched for it, 'It' walked shortly before midnight, and when the tradesman took aim with a pistol, there was a leap and a, very un ghostly squeel. On coming up with the 'ghost' he found ' it' to be the son of a high legal luminary, who had been having a lark. The shot took effect in the arm, and caused a serious wound. The young gentleman is now confined to his'bed, and it is not likely, that the ghost will walk for some time to come." The story reminds me of a;similar I. heard many ears ago,'of ghostithiat}scd to drive a 'hriving.trade by frightening.women and chill diin especially if they carried parcels. Of course the first impulse of those suddenly con= fronted by?the dread visitant was:o drop'thir bundle and run, when the ghost would pursue them. for a short distance,-then, return and secure the bdoty: Like the younig gentleman of: St. ilda; it' played the lgdme- once too' ften, and caught a Tartar, or rather the Tartar caught it, and in the scuffle which ensued- the ghost got its leg. broken.; :It was, afterwards removed to prison, and the first ,walk 'was to the dock, where it was- sentenced to twelve inoiiths hard" laboi.. The "matter of:-face? tradesiian, whose unbelief in the- supernatural led" him'-towini'I the' genteel young ghost should'c'ompletc the good work by haiiding'the fool over to, the police. Those who' scare' vomen and children in such a foolish fashion are unfit to be at large.. The war fever is upon us, and nothing but aartial'strairis will go down at present. Such tame .lines as " We ve got the ships,, We've aot the men ! We've got the money too,' mnay ave doiie in tinics past, but now, we soar -to higher notes, and "nothing. less will do than something like this= SStrike the trumpeis ! biow the i tomtoml,." t ,? Wake? the big drum I Roar the gong-gong, SLet thenloudest-ro.cry ring,_ ii?: - , ." -. Hey for the Mahdi 1'Let'i at him.:" ' The latest intelligence of serious import is that the Chiniese Lottery Keepers have volunteered in a body,'h?a thei' spokesniian, Ld Coon, remarked; " Othello's occupation's gone in Little Bourke street, so, we're off on the aging main, etc." There are special reasons ihy- a: number of my acquaintanceis Wish to :ee the Jewish contingent made up strong in he colony, and visions of peace from post-dated tills and such things float like zephyrs' across the ambient hir'of dunned mortals of the fTist: young man persuasion. If only the twelve tribes would volhinteer in a boy, the MIillenium might be said to be:at hand 'Amongst our selves there-?re ra nbble banid of i few indivi deals, who, if-' they woulld l onlyv?olunteer, wyould earn a'title,to a free banquet? iandthe highest musical honors tiha.t?ie aid. to deirt ing friends. Ii~ fact, if. due notge ;was given of their intention so to do, I have.no dboubt an impromptu musical entertainment and'presen tation could be worked upl when all the avail-, able talent ivould join in the chorus 1 See the conquering heroes go.: Of course we are?iitensely loyal, and" nothing wiould please us better than to see that feeling. pervading all classes. If a mother-it-law con ingent for example, could be made up' to the lull effective strength, I have no doubt the list f subscriptions to that fund, to be- continued vhile the corps was kept at active service in he front woutd speak volumes for our liberality sa people.' . " I am painfully aware, Mr. Editor, that it is very unpleasant to be out. of joint with the times,'and'perilous to breast against the tide" *ofpopularopinion, nevertheless Iopenly confess, even in face of the danger of running counter to the slaughter and annexation, fads, which are the present ruling mania, that I do not agree with either. I remember, many years ago, when the Port Curtis rush broke out, the daily press teemed with solemn warnings to infatuated diggers about far off fields seeming ever green, and also of the dangerous climate to which they were being lured by a Will-o'-. the-wisp. It was not the fear of a bogus rush, or the fatal climatic influences, which actuated the writers, but the dread of losing the popula tion of hardy miners the colony could :hot spare. It is the same with us even now. In Australasia there' is room enough for at least treble the population Hayter has calculated will occupy our places a hundred years hence,. indeed population is our greatest need..: Peti" tions were pre'nted to Parliarieithfrom'-nerly. every 'provincial municipality -in. the- colony during last'session, praying that 'a system of free or assisted immigration should be provided for in order, to: meet the ever increasing demand "for '.sturdy. laborers. 'Now. all is changed. .Germany has taken a portion of New Guinea, and although we no more need it than a child needs the moon for, a 'toy, we are ready to spend: thousands in playing the' stupid game of" Dog in the manger." Had there been no talk of foreign an"nexation, and our diggers had hinted at prospecting expedi tions conjuring up'visions' of an exodus, the. dictionary would have been tortured for terms to stigmatise the foul :'miasmatic death-dealing New Guinea, .with its fatal fevers, and tropical sun, and the worst of our residents cautioned against risking 'their ,lives. Germans, who have proved themselves good colonists, are not, to be allowed to inhabit.the sickljr island, aiind we are to. tax ourselves.to.the tune of thousands annually, and even embroil dear old: Mother land in iin' European :war to get the` white' elephant, and gratify.this pet fad. :Worse still, however, is' the 'insane Soudan folly, which senis to ha he seied old: and young. Boiled' down the whole case is in a'nutshell.: English capitalists invested their money in Egyptian loans to be squandered by Kliedive and cour tiers.on harems. and riot until the poor,over taxed wretches, who have to bear the burden revolt 'in sheer;despair.- The money of Englisli,work?ie~fnaniid thehblood of their sons area spentt in, order'tliat the Shylock .boiind holders nayhave their pond of flesh. ,Alexni" di'i is bombarded,';. Tel- el.Kebir watered:with British blood,'thei miserable :victims-partially. red&ced; to submission, and '-the:heio G-rdon sent to' Khartoum to ý restore complete boidei. The falseprophet, Mahdi;sieziig the occasion fa'n the 'mbers of discontent, there is a pos sibility that dividends may not be paid as the: ignorant hordes do not see things from our: point of view, and once more there is ademand from the uxorious and relentless' moneylendere to squash the unfortunates'and "minake em pay." Onie more English taxpayers' money and life flow, and the hapless Gordon falls' a Martyr; not to Gladstone's want of decision, but to Englishmen's cursed greed of gain and haste to be rich.; -Call"it 'what" e 'will:Cdissiuis it how we may, there would have been no noble lives and treasure wasted,- no Egyptian war and'draggiig ofthe dear old flag in the mire if the ruthless money'grubbers had not invested.: Ahl it is foil work;land becauise§ brave'soul whom every one pitied,and admiredthis fallen a sicrifice to.cupidity, we'are askid,t?f6orget the brigiialsolecause, and rush inourfanaticisin to do what.. :Revenge?:hiim ?2 N !but -to slau~ghter and rivet the chains of oppressive slavery on the down-trodden, who remain. It is for this that we are asked to send a thousand of our sons to the' Soudan to" shed itheir blood, and to tax ourselves at aboutsomething like'.iro,ooo additional per anntim; led` after thered herring skilfully drawn across the trail, " Revenge for Gordon's death." . Consider.the. question, calmly my brethren, gulp. down the sorrow and.anger felt at the world's loss of suchia man, and ask. yourselves what .caused the ?ar.i:' Whether uinder similar circumstances you would not fight as fiercely as the. Mahdi's followers doaand care not how many Gordons fell before you,.so long as you were rid of the greedy, hated taskmasters. If you can answer this satislactorily, and:.justify yourself on any point, bht the loss and degradation, thenI am: ready, not to say here is my cheque, for nare a one have I got, but to wade with you through thick and thin; The sentiment of love and loyalty to Queen and Motherland is grand, but the real cause is a rotten one, therefore I repeat, Reflect. Of course it suits the tory Jingoes, who are out of office, to join the hue and cry raised by the bondholders against the Gladstone Ministry, as it gives another chance of office, and there is nothing like appealing to the sympathies of the masses when an idol has suffered. But, if the cause is really that of the nation, theii:let them show. their sincerity by fulfilling the ;obligations they have placed on the -shoulders of the' eople for centuries. There is not an estate in Great Britain, but is itill under, tenure for military services (to; be reidered to the crown in time of war, there oie if- the Jingoes-must needs fight, let them find the men, clothe them, feed them, and lead hem, iand relieve the overworked, under paid and fed toilers of the cruel burden they have no right to bear, or, if the slaughter must con., tinue, let the bondholders, whose interests are at! stake,, have at it and bear the brunt. I grieve the loss of the high-souled and chivalrous Gordon as much as .any one, and regretting thi shame that has befallen us as a people, em ready to do mny level best for, Queen ;and country, but the cause is not a just or holy one. Wecannot hope for or expect God's .blessing on it, and I-declare that it would be monstrous and infamnous to spend one red cent: of Austra lian' money, or shed. one drop of -Australian blood in it. Enough has been wasted at the altar of the Golden Calf, for God's sake let no more Gordons be destroyed, and no more homes desolated in the brutal task of making other human beings miserable: I would not have fair Victoria be behind her sisters in pluck or patriotism, but I sincerly wish her to outrival them in wisdom, in -justice, and in mercy. Let us never flinch from death in defence of hearths, homes, and the sublime majesty of law and honor, as personified by our woman, widow, mother and Queen, but let no injustice be inflicted in the intejests of gritsping Shylocks, who care not phosi nks?o d long as they swim on the tide of fo;tuiin? 