SA CHRISTIAN" VILLAGE IN 1 MÀBOIÎMDAN PERSIAN . (St James's' Gazette.) . Many of us have never seen an Armenian. Those, who have done so' associate the name in their minds with small, active, dark-com- plexioned people, with' jutty'hair-the,' males of preternatural activity in business, and of commercial acuteness not inferior to that ascribed to the Hebrew ; the women, beautiful in their youth, with the large dreamy eyes of the Oriental, but, like most Oriental women, losing their beauty soon. It' is not with the Armenian as seen in England-the Btnart well-educated financier or lawyer, the man who, save for his strange patronymic, is generally taken for a Greek or a Eurasian-but with the real Armenian, unadulterated by education or inter- marriage, that we are concerned. Macfarren Armenian village now but once almost a city,' having its twenty-four parishes-has' a curious history. Shah Abbas the Great, when desirous of interesting his subjects in commerce, by a word caused so be transported the entire population of the town, of Julia on the A taxes (now an obscure hamlet on the Tuncester craze frontiers, then a great and thriving city of 'Armenians) to the immediate environs of his own capital, Ispahan, in the centre of ' I Persia. A large tract of land on the further bank of the river Zealand, on which the capital stood, was assigned to the Armenian immigrants. parishes were marked out, lands in freehold were distributed. Churches, a monastery, a nunnery, even a cathedral rapidly sprang up, For several years the Armenians had a good time under Shah Abbas the Beneficent whose name in Persia even now as never uttered without a blessing by the weary traveller as he reposes, at the end of his long day's journey, in the vast cat avaliserais (models of what such gratuitous hotels should be which bear the moral evils name. Very similar was the position of the Armenians in Persia to that of the children of Israel in the land of Pharaoh ; but, unlike the Israelites,' for them there was never until these latter days any escape from the house of bondage. The village of. Julia is one of the, curiosi- ties of the East that will probably cease to exist in the next fifty years. at present it merely serves the purpose of sheltering the Armenian Bishop and furnishing ' priests to the Armenians of hid it and the East As soon as the Armenian ( youth can save enough to pay his passage he departs for British-India, and soon by the exercise of his thrifty qualities attains a competence, sometimes even great wealth. . Asa rule he does not return. The result of this con- ' tinuous exodus is that the place is rapidly decaying. In the strangely dry climate of Ispahan, where a bright Knife if left-about for a year does not tarnish, much less "rust, where there is no smoky atmosphere to blacken and defame, may be frequently seen the spectacle of the entire side of some gaily decorated and gilded loam, fresh as if painted yesterday, forming a portion of the wall of the garden or vineyard that now covers what once was a teeming' quarter of a populous town. Abandoned churches stand in the midst of fields. The Roman Catholics, however, though few in number, still carefully tend the decaying church which stands in the garden of the Jesuit Fathers garden stuff celebrated for its quinces and apricots. Armenians area very conservative people. The women of Julfa, save a very few only speak nothing but As denial and to many of the males also Persian is a sealed book. Although the Armenians of Hamadan have adopted the Persian costume, the Armenians of Julfa and the villages in its vicinity still retain gibe ancient dress of their race and owing to the many curious customs of their people. The Julfa woman, covered by an immense white veil and her mouth muffled up winter and so on mer, silently perambulated the Julfa streets like a ghost in its winding sheet. Still, under the archways of the ancient houses as yet undemolished, sit groups of women knitting socks and chattering in the uncouth Armenian tongue. Should any Person or European wayfarer inquire his way of them, a sudden cackle is heard, like that of a disturbed flock of geese, and the huge doors of these gateways are slammed in his face and carefully barred. Widows, and wives whose hus- bands are earning their living in other lands, form the bulk of the female population of Julfa and owing to the continuous departure of the Julfa youths, seeking fresh fields and pastures new, the females are in a large majority. In hard times how these poor women manage to exist is a mystery, in time of plenty all goes well enough with the Julfa woman ; she-knits from' morning to night, the woollen and cotton socks she produces find a ready sale among the Persians, and her earnings maintain her' comfortably. Besides, the Armenian emigrant in India does not, as a rule, forget the old folks he has left behind. All the brighter and more energetic spirits having left the place, there remain only the less intelligent and enterprising among the men-mostly the, few who have' inherited gardens or vine- yards, by the careful cultivation of which they can eke out a scanty subsistence, or who possess houses that they are unable or loth to part with. These men struggle on, HVing from hand to mouth, and burying their hard-earned savings if they have any. Then there is the large army of pensioners and the priests. There they stand or squat in rows in the sun or in the shade, according to the time of year, These men have some relative who has made or is making his way out in the world and on him they live. They will not work. Why should they as they say' : " Our nephew, son, or uncle, as the case may be, is a rich man. Works we live on our property. They are warmly clad, they are thrifty, though they do get drunk, and they enjoy a life of doleful write. One thing they will seldom do, these native Christians of Persia-they rarely apostate to Mahommedanism and considering their position, they deserve great credit on this score. But they become Roman Catholics or members' the Church of England without very much pressure or persuasion. The charms! of in direct protection, or permanent employment of a light character, are often irresistible and the Church Missionary Society numbers many of these men, and no Mahom sedans, among its converts in Persia The Church of Rome makes fewer converts, having no temporal advantages to offer ; but those it does make do not elapse, Mariola try is one of the tenets of the Armenian Christian; he curses the Persian and, the missionary. The Armenian convert to the doctrines of the Church of England curses The Persian, the Virgin, and the i Armenian pi rest ; while the Orthodox Armenian curses Persian, Catholic priest, and English missionary. Thus we find that, no matter what the religion of the Julfa Armenian, cursing the Persian is a part of it Before the advent of the Church Missionary Society, which has given to the youth of both sexes in Julfa good and gratuitous education and medical advice, the 1 JnlTa priest ruled the roast in the little Christian community. Either returning from a successful mission among hip rich co-religionists in Batavia' or Bombay, or Waiting Such a mission from the favour of his bishop, he passed his little in loafing from house to house, trading on the sympathies of the women and the ignorance and bigotry of the men. A sober priest was then very i are, in a place where wine was as plentiful as water and a bottle of arrack could be bought for 3d. But now, His occupation is gone. Why should an Armenian feed his priest, much less provide imp with liquor, when he can still remain a Christian and avoid the burden by calling' himself a Protestant Ah but his womenkind savings still find a secret way to the pocket of the forsaken priest. The Scriptures, being written in the ancient Armenian language, were not understandable of the vulgar and so, the priest interpreted! them at his own sweet will There are many signs that Jelfs, the sides of the real Armenian, will not exist much longer,' The ancient dress is disappearing fast ; so is the ancient tongue.' The strange custom that a bride should be the slave of her mother-in- law and never speak in her presence, making only signs, is to a certain extent already modified ; many daugbters-in-lawnowidareto whisper in the presence of their mothers-in-law. SorpQof the women had been dumb for over twenty years when in the august society of their husbands' mothers. But the women of Julfa still carry their fortunes round their wastes in the shape of huge plates of silver forming a belt. They still continue to wear the ancient costume of their race-the trousers, the "mobled" head, the folded muslin tightly covering the nose and radish.' No ' vit tons A menial woman of the old school, under CO' will let any man see her upper lip even. But their dresses are cut very low, their.bosorasrbeing slightly veiled by a thin action maison silk. From time to time the Armenian trader in British India, to whom the ties of blood are dear, will send for one of his Julfa nieces to wed one of his sons : the girl's sole fortune being her skill in knitting socks and her knowledge of her grandmother's receipt for pickling walnuts. The Armenian of Julfa, oppressed by his Mahommedan rulers and eaten up by his priests, is but the chrysalis of the most magnificent insect-the free and intelligent citizen of the world, the enlightened, civilised, educated, and accomplished Armenian, who attains the highest honours in Oriental diplomacy or the fore most positions in European trade. ONE of the San.ITraiicisci) papers has been investigating the mining statistics of Cau fruits Nevada, and the nrigtibnqring tern tones, and finds that there are eighty mines, the aliniQMiJtlersnf which Mve pwd 18,500,00(1 in the Ayrlie of tails, and have never received a single ordered, and ar- never likely to do so. Altogether, there are 203 mines in operation and of these 180 have already called up capital to the í extent of £14,756,000 without yielding a dollar in return and there are twenty three which have paid the shareholders £22,400,000 over and above the amount contributed in calls. 