ECHOES OF MELBOU1vINE. [BY THE GnosT.] During the week it has been hot, cold, breezy; and calm, and politics have par taken in a large degree of the state of the weather. The Council has, with scant ceremony, shelved the Legal Professions Amalgamation Bill, and the juvenile members of "the lower branch of the profession" must perforce submit to the postponement of the day when they will be entitled to don the wig and gown now sacred to the special adornment of the bar rister. The measure "legalising" eight hours as a day's work is also to receive its quietus at the hands of the Upper House, the colonial peers evidently going into training for the heavier work of dealing with the Licensing Bill, and consigning that much-amended Government legis- lative bantling to the limbo of " this day six months." Meantime, while waiting for the bone of contention to be thrown in their midst, Dr. Hearn, the leader of the Council, lihas ore sue, and after the fashion of his countrymen been trailing his coat and defying the Assembly to tread on its tails. With singular appro- priateness, the cases belli is an Explosives Bill. The clauses dealing with the financial portion of the measure being printed in italics, as a hint to the Upper House that they have no right to consider them, have roused the ire of the great stickler for con- stitutional privilege, and unless wiser counsels prevail a conflict between the two branches of the Legislature is immi- nent. , That a " row" on a mere question of privilege would be welcomed by a large number ofthe people's representatives at the present juncture is beyond doubt, and a red herring of any kind dragged across the trail, and which would serve to divert the attention of the constituencies from the licensing and education questions during the approaching lections, would be looked upon even by the Ministers themselves-in the light of a real godsend. The long ago settled point raised by Dr. Hearn may perhaps have more meaning that many persons imagine; anyway "the quarrel is a very pretty one as it stands." The political sensation of the week has been the resignation of Mr. Orkney, one of the members for West Melbourne. Dis- gusted at being unable to carry any of his proposed 'amendments on the principal clauses of the Licensing Bill, Mr. Orkney in a fit of temper sent in his resignation to the Speaker. No one, perhaps, would very much have regretted the absence of the honourable member from the Assembly, and the affair would have hardly merited notice but for the fact that the contest for the vacancy will afford all and sundry the means of ascertaining the feeling of one of the most important of the metropolitan constituencies on the subject of legislation in regard to the liquor 'rafflc. Mr. Orkney, in assuming for the nonce the role of Curtius, and leaping into the political gulf, has rendered a signal service to his fellow legislators, who should feel duly grateful at being afforded an opportunity of ascertaining, free of personal cost and trouble, how the cat is likely to jump on a very important question. Up to the present' only one candidate has come.forward to seek the suffrages of the electors;: Mr. G. D. Carter, the late member for St. Kildn; and who has just vacated the Mayoral chair, has announced his candidature. Ho will no doubt be op posed by some chosen representative of the teetotal party, and should the issue be left to the two aspirants for the seat, an indication of the feeling of the country will be afforded which will materially tend to the'comfort of such of the people's re presentatives as have hitherto occupied the somewhat uncomfortable, undignified, but withal fashionable, position of "sitting on a rail." It is devoutly to be hoped that the rumour that Mr. Orkney intends again offering himself to the electorate is incor rect, but that he will allow a fair duel to take place between a downright opponent of the Government Licensing Bill and a professed supporter of the measure. Apart altogether from the licensing question, the return of Mr. Carter would be a dis tinct gain to the Legislature Iof Victoria. As a clear debater, an incisive and logical speaker, Mr. Carter, when in the oAssembly, had no superior, and few equals, and when on the occasion of the last triennial election he lost his seat for St. Iilda, by the narrow majority of one vote, regret was expressed on both sides of the House that the colody had been deprived of the services of one of its most talented members. The Opposition are apparently desirous of ascertainine'whether there is or is not any truth in the proverb' averring that "coming events cast their shadows before them." The members of the Assembly opposed to the Government have met in solemn conclave, and fixed upon the policy they will carry out when they flit from the cold shades of Opposition to the sunshine of the Treasury benches. The whisper that Mr. Service contemplated quitting political life, and that Mr. Kerferdwould ere long don the Supreme Court'ermine, and that the disintegration of the Coalition Ministry would as a matterof course follow upon these events, most probably induced Messrs. M'Intyre, Mackay, Mirams, A. I. Clark, and a fe w of the lesser lights who sit tothe Speaker's left, to endeavour to take time by the fore lock and hasten the march of events. To most people, however, the late Opposi- tion caucus will savour largely of the pro- cess known as "counting chickens before they are hatched." What a sham is our boasted philanthrophy, and how very far the numerous means devised by the charitable in our midst to alleviate the misery of their fellow beings are from attaining their pro fessed object, has been shown during the week by a painful episode that has taken place almost in the heart of Melbourne. A few days ago, a man named Geolding was discovered in the pavilion of the Friendly Societies' reserve, actually dying ofscold and starvation. He had crawled for shelter into one of the sheds,and overcome by weakness, induced by long fasting, was unable to rise, and would assuredly have died had not his groans attracted the at tention of a chance passer by. It is cer- tainly little to our credit that a fellow creature should thus be allowed to perish of want, despite all the organizations formed on every side for the relief of suffer- ing humanity,and argues something wrong in the present method of alleviating dis- tress. The "sturdy beggar" is, after all, the one that reaps the largest harvest of half- pence. As if to emphasise the fact that in a colony where wages are higher than in any other, and only eight hours of the twenty-four are devoted to wages earn ing, the poor fellow lay down to his long rest on the premises of the Friendly Socie- ties And this has happened in the pre sent year of [grace and in Australia Felix ! The Government are apparently power less to put a stop to the proceedings that make Sunday night hideous in the Mel- bourne Hall of Science. Mr. Symes goes on lecturing and taking admission money for his" entertainment," and the police go on piling summons upon summons. Are our officials powerless to uphold the law, or have tlhey discovered that the law can not be upheld? An answer to this question is certainly duo to the public, for in its absence the present state of affairs is sim- ply a disgrace to all concerned. The pro ceedings have only served to make it plain that so long as common decency and orderly conduct is observed, there is really no law against Sunday amusements. Taking cash is the only crime of which Mr. Symes is legally guilty. This may be news to many persons, but it is nevertheless indubitably " the law of the land." Banks are as chary of tlheir reputation as ladies should be, and all insinuations against their character are resented a l' outrance. A gentleman named Trotman having telegraphed to a friend in Sydney to withdraw his money from the Federal Bank as it was "broke," has been committed for trial for publishing a malicious libel. As no ill effects followed the advice, and the communication not being intended for publication was in the eyes of the law "privileged," the libellous gentleman is not likely to suffer severely at the hands of the law; but he should decidedly not be allowed to go "scot free." The gram- matical construction of his telegraphic message certainly calls for some punish- ment, and although honourable members of the Assembly are in the daily habit of taking liberties with their participles and saying " I seen it" and " I done it," instead of "I saw it" and "I did it," there is really no excuse for persons outside the Legislature muddying " the pure well of English undefiled." Even supposing that the performance of "Antigone" at theTownlall for the benefit of the Lymg-in' Hospital should prove a failure-which by the way it can hardly be from a financial point of view, as most of the seats are already secured at extra ordinary high prices-the promoters of the entertainment will have conferred a lasting benefit on the public. They will have set at rest the great quarrel in regard to their respective military status, which for nearly two years has been raging between the Minister of Defence and Col. Disney, the Commandant of the Victorian military defences. The official programme of the entertainment has been issued, and as it haswbeen allowed for some days to pass unchallenged, may be taken as fixing the " table of precedents " to be observed in future. According to this document Col. Sargood's pride 'sustains a fall, as he is sandwiched between Major-Genes al Downes and Lient.-Colonel Brownrigg, and two steps below Colonel Disney. ''hd only consolation left to the soft goods warrior is that he takes precedence of a real live Imperial Major-General Evidently our Victorian Garter kidg-at-armsis not of much account-or perhaps he thinks thut being at the antipodes, things here should be a little topsy turvy ! October 12. ' 