POPISH, EDUCATION. ... We give an extract from Father Furnias' Books for Children, Book III., p. 7 : — "St .Catherine was. praying for a poor sinner— Bridget— when,,, behold, she heard a voice come out of the tabernacle where Jesus was in the B. Sacrament. That'voice was the voice of Jesus, Christ, and thus Jesus spoke to St. Catherine : ' My dear Catherine,' Jesus Baid, '1 have heard your prayer. I am glad. I thank':., you ' for .praying for the poor Bridget, . . . . if yon had not prayed for her, she would have died in her sins, and gone to hell;"' At page 8 the story proceeds : " Soon ' after, Bridget was in tho chapel getting ready for confession. She carefully examined her conscience, about ,-all , her mortal sins ; "how/ many s times;- she'' had: committed theiri each, j day, or weok, or month, or year. . She went to confession, and accused herself sorrowfully of all her sins. SKe felt ashamed to tell some of them, but she did not mind the shame — she told them all. Then she humbly asked the priest to give her absolution and pardon through the precious blood ofChfist,- who had died for her. Thou came the priest's absolution : ' By the -authority of Jesus Christ - 1 absolve thee from thy sin, in tho name of the Father, and. of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' Iri -that moment the virtue and the power of the blood of Jesus came into her soul, and ber sins went away as! darkness: -goes away' wlieh- the' light comes:. , . . : Sooh afterwards'- Bridget died, j , St. Catherine was again ' in the ohapel; and again she heard-jthe voice of - iJesus1 Christ , from , tho(, tabernacle. , ', My, . _ dear Cktherinb,'1, Jesussaidj'thepobrBridgbtfbr jvhbmydU prayed , isj dead 'f 'slio.madea.gopd ; confession tier sins . wore forgiven, and now her:squl'iairi'purgatofy,V . : .From, thi8; 8tory it'appoar8 that the Proies-i taht 'objections to 'confession ' are not without , foundation, despite the denials of Holy Mother Church. "She "felt ashamed to tell some of: -.thom,; but<;8ho .did fnot;jmind'j the shame— Bho told all and we are informed that our Saviour , said > tliat- Bridget " made a good .confession," It Is a merit with Papists to outrage 'propriety, "and to quench the blushes -of: ingenuousshame.-before the: eel i— bate monstornwho plies.his abominable " cate chism '-of iniquity." /-' ;T r an s u bs t ahti at i on/ i s not forgotten, and so tlie wafer in the .taber- ; nacle isimado. to/speak. v Truly a lying/won- der, a "certain mark of Antichrist. ' V'( These are only specimens of the falsehoods with which these books teem, and with the cry for education raised at the present time, it'is an astounding tact that the Papacy gets about £1000 per day from our government to stultify our children and destroy their reason- ing powers. When once young people are cozened into believing those abominable fables, they are incapable of properly taking care of themselves, and credulous to any plau sible story, their minds weakened and des troyed by false education, betray them to the hideous monsters of the Pall Mall Gazette's " labyrinth."— Protestant Times. TO WATERPROOF CLOTH.— An effec tual recipe for rendering cloth or tweed waterproof at home is the following: Take 1 oa. of alum and dissolve it in a quart of water ; in another vessel dissolve 1 oz.' of acetate or sugar of lead, also in a quart of water. When the alum and load are eutirely dissolv ed, empty one vessel in that which contains the other, mix them well together by stirring it with a stick, then leave it for a time to settle, and when a deposit is formed at tho bottom pour the liquid gently off into another vessel, leaving the deposit behind. The liquid part being now ready, immerse the material to be rendered waterproof, leaving it a little time to soak then press it with the hands to got some qf the water out, and hang it on a line to dry.' To prove tho efficacy of the, recipe, try first on a small piece of cloth or alpaca ; you;will find that you may carry water about in it without a single drop passing through. ' Do not put your hands to your mouth while doing this, for lead is poisonous. 