A Ponderous Slipper.' George has for some time been attentive to a young lady, whom he has noticed on several evenings when he called busily en gaged on a'beautiful piece of embroidery,' which, perhaps accidentally, or perhaps coni paring it with the size of his own foot, he had concluded was one of a pair of slippers that were, no doubt, intended for a present; and George had once or twice allowed hini self to wander into a pleasing shspicion that they were intended for him, although nothing, had really transpired to justif.y such a belief. When quietly seated near his enchantress, watching her taper fingers gracefully toying with the gossamer threads, and eacli'move ment adding a new beauty to the fabric, ihe had more than once allowed himself to ievel in blissful contemplation of the pleasure he would feel at having his tiny feet encased in those lovely sandals, alnd liow, on retiring to his room on cold winter evenings, he could sit in front of a cheerful fire, and hold sweet communion with those' masterpieces of art, realising the while that they were the.pro. duct of the one he adored above all wordly things besides. George is not naturally poetical, but some thing about these slippers and their associa tions awakened a sentimental feeling in him, in spite of his natural inclination. Well, one Friday evening George called for the third time during the week, and as usual the slipper was progressing finely. It was held up for his inspection, and he pronounced it beautiful, this being perhaps the thousandth time he had expressed the same sentiment. But some evil genius putit into poor George's head to be inquisitive. He was fully sure the slippers .were in tended for him, but he was anxious to draw the acknowledgement from the dear angel who was laboring so industriously for his benefit, and he was not unwilling to draw in the same connection another implied ac knowledgement of her devotion for him. Of course he began cautiously.., "Someone you are very, fond of is to be come the possessor. of those slippers, I im agine ?" said he. " What slippers do you refer to ?" inquired the fair laborer. "Why, those you are working on so in dustriously," replied George. "Slippers 1" almost shouted his astonished companion. " Slippers I Do you mean to tell me that you took this for a slipper ?" "Why not?" 'returned George, inadver tently moving one of his ponderous pedal ap pendages. The movement, though unintentional, drew the lady's attention to George's feet, where she gazed a moment, and then at the sup posed slipper. Then, raising her eyes to our hero, she said "Well, George, you are not so much to blame, after all; but this was really intended for a sofa cushion." The cab-horse difficultyis becoming serious. Last week a gentleman was taken ill in a cab, and before the cab horse could drag him to the nearest hotel for brandy, he expired. Now hotels in Australia are so close to"each' other that that horse could not have. had far to drag the vehicle and its sick occupanth! Hence we arrive at the moral that "'screws" and "screw drivers" militate against the public welfare. Some remedy must be found for that cab-horse difficulty I The following beautiful verse is from a poem containing 146 equally intelligible and consequently exquisite stanras, sent by a lady: "Even yet the immaculate 'schisi ;m Glimmers on through the ultimate dawn, And the scintillant life of the prism, Ere it falters andifadesan'd is gone, Harkens hence, while the primal hereafte (With fever of glamorous pain) Is hushed by the ghost of low laughter To slumber again.o, . 