NEWS AND NOTES. A special meeting of the City Council was hold yesterday afternoon to consider the estimates for the ensuing year. The following report was submitted by the City Treasurer:—“I have the. honor to submit the estimates, required by law prior to making a rate. They hare been pre pared closely, as to new works, on the lines - directed by the committee of your council on : the 2nd instant. It is necessary to invite atten tion to the difference between-this the legal ■ estimates and the working estimates’for - the financial year. Those now under considera tion. must be considered : only as authoris ing certain outlay, and providing what may appear a necessary rate for the purpose. The actual expenditure to be incurred must, de pend, on the state of, the finances at the end of the current financial year which will be on 30ih September,.yet four months to run; and with ;tbe winter before'us, it is difficult to foresee how ..the year will close, therefore the amount avail able for the following year will depend very much on the balance then ascertained. For instance :—The draft- estimate submitted opens with an estimated credit balance on 11th June of sjEIOOO, but if the financial, year' should fail to close with ah equivalent amount to credit then the provision for the following year must prove inadequate, and either some of the work ordered must be postponed, or the council should be • prepared to deal with a serious debit balance at the close of the financial year in 1886. I now leave the estimates for consideration.—Geoege iPJinnr, City Treasurer." The estimates ' were, gone.through and approved,. It was decided to : strike a rate of 2s in Ithe £ on Jail ratable pro perty in the City, and' the council then ad journed. , . It is stated thatMrß. Hepburn intends taking : legal proceedings owing to the line of the hunt 'on Saturday having been through some of his paddocks at,Windermere. Mr Hepburn recently notified by advertisement that ho would prose-' cute any person coursing or otherwise trespassing on his paddocks. The'aotion.of Mr Joaiah Magor, in. trying to turn residence area holders off a mining tone-i ment at Sebastopol, was warmly criticised at ;tUe meeting of the Mining Board yesterday. - It seems that there is only one house which can or does in any way interfere with Mr Magor’s operations, and as some of the residents have presided there for a period of 25 years, his action 'is considered extremely harsh and uncalled for. The matter was brought under the notice of the board by the.chairman, but as there are some legal paints involved, no action was taken for the present, - A hope was expressed, however, that if- the Injustice- of the proceeding wore minted ontJxj Mr Magor, ha would 'rc.-cojMidgf' mvdrtUioDp,luui‘not insist: oa- thspressat'de termination "off people' whdflhiTO” livjwtcn the ({Mt eo long. | r^' r "' Archbishop iHoran;!* - expected r to andrewo" Ballarat frav^MelboirorT. 'to-night.. -Biefaop Moore yesterday proceeded to the metropoUsdn' orderito maetand accompany-tha, SydaSy-pro letb.to the gpjdea: oityl > To-morrow thp ’arbh bitffiop will receive a number of gentlemep.alr.the pataoe, Wenfbnree, and: subsequently hd will be driveoWound tK»,City"and Town; ,v -■. The monthly : meeting of the’ Orphan Asylum; committee will be bold this evening at 8 o’clock.-. On the business sheet is the fallowing postponed notice ,of motion ~by..,Mr- Dy to:—“That the • 'fulurcgoneral mhetingh of J the house bommiltee be held at Che Benevolent Asylum boardroom-in lieu of tho Orphan Asylum,” " v .. fi \- Atthe monthly meeting of the Hospital-com* mittoo, to. ,bo held - to- morrow evening, part of ■ the business wiifcomprise-tbe appointment of two members of house eommitleo in place of . Messrs S. L Bayley aud D. Cameron; who retire, but are eligible for re-election, i An atb-npt was made on Sunday night to break into iha fancy goods and drapery estab lishment < f Mrs Evans, at the corner of Victoria and^Humlfray-stroetSj-Ballarat .East.'. The pro prietress was attending church at the time,-and during her absence the. patent lock on the door in Victoria street was picked, and there wore also signs as if thawould-ba-burglar had endea vored to burst open-tbe door. Tbs door on the 1 corner of. tbo> buildings had also .-been; tampered with, but it seems that the “operator” fnust have been alarmed before he succeeded in effect ing an entrance. The police have the case in hand.., .; Vi' : i ]. r , : 'y : i ... V : i. - ); A day, or two ago Mr Brind applied to the committee of the Billarat -Football Ciub for a scale giving the prices at which the boys of the Reformatory would be admitted to. all matches on the Saxon Faddobk; At the last meeting,: the committee decided that Ur-Brind be informed that no charge- would be, made for ad mission to the football, ground named, but thanks are due to the'committee of the'BslUrat Football Club for tbokindness displayed in the respect mentioned, - Except when some thought ful manager- of a theatrical company, or of a circus, grants the boys of the Reformatory free admission to his." show, they have very little opportunity of witnessing outdoor amusements) and as the gams of football is one. in which the rising generation takes great interest, ho doubt thp kind action in queatiou wiil.be greatly appre ciated,.-' . At the Town Court yesterday, before Messrs- Walker and Robertson, Jfs.P., a Chinese named Ah Ching was serit to gaol for Id days for steal ing a boiler, the. property of Mr Torbitt, of •Albert street. . Frances Romeo, whose case was referred to in The Slar of yesterday, wassent to goal for six months on a charge of vagrancy.' John Murray was .next brought forward and charged with assaulting and robbing one'James Mackay. The evidence given was in the main similar to that published in yesterday’s issue of this journal. Senior-constable Johnstone effected the arrest, but as the evidence given was not very conclusive the bench gays the prisoner the benefit "of ‘.the. doubt and : discharged him. Mackay was then charged with being tipsy, and a small fine was imposed. Drink was the cause of this affair from begionipg to end. The cause list comprising a’few small debt cases was dis posed of, and the court adjourood. ■- ; The numerous Ballarat friends of Mr Robert Mitchell, head- teacher of the - North Clones Stato. school, will 'bo pleased to boar that on improvement has taken .place in hisstato, and; chat the. medical, men have how good hopes of his recovery. Thoy foar, ha we»or, that oon yalescencs may be very alow. ' ■ ■ ; In thawiodow of- Mr.T.-W.'-White’s-tailoring; establishment in Sturt street there is on view a Snider carbine, which, together with a case and; complete outfit,' "was ’presented to the Civilian ; Rifle Club'; by Captain ;B.iiloy prior to his' departure; about a month since, for Europe. The value of the gift, is about eight guineas. The competition for the possession of the trophy: I will bo fired on Friday and Saturday next nt tha I Civilian butts, the distances being 300, 500, end i 600 yards. ■ - I Mr Bdohervaise, postmaster, has rocoivad a letter from a Gorman association, the Voroin Australia of Hamburg, requesting him to assist in.trying: to find the whereabouts of two missing men, oeo named John Peter William Brose, a native of Altona; and the other named Arnold levin, a native of K'el, Holstein. If any per son coaid furnish.Mr Bdohoryaise' with informa tion regarding the men ho would be’ happy to forward it to the association in question. ; Mr. Hugo Wortheiih, of tlio “ Sweet Hapsbarg Pianoforte Warehouse,” 108. Sturt street, has invited a number of friends to a pianoforte, re cital, which takes place on Frid jy evening nox’f Hapsburg pianos are to be used, and the per former,will be Miss Ada Willetts, who will be assisted by Miss Davies and Mr A. Slack, two leading local amateur vocalists.' A select pro gramme has been prepared for the occasion, aud admission will bo by ticket only. - Mr Chuck, of Sturt street, has just produced an orcelhmt cabinet photo, of Mr Harry Leston, a leading member of the Dampior Dramatic Company. ■ , Wo regret to have to announce the death of Mr James Buley (father of Mr A. A. Buley, M,A., principal of the Grenville College), which took place at-Albert Park, Melbourne, yester day. The deceased gentleman, who was 63 years of age, had not.been long ill, and his death was not expected until within the past few days. Mr Buley. was, during his long residence in-Bal larat, a prominent member of the Lydiard street Wesleyan Church, and he was also associated with all movements of a philanthropic and charitable character. The immediate cause of death was debility. Owing to Mr A. A. Beley's sad bereavement, Grenville College will be closed until Thursday morning next. At the meeting of the Mining Board yester day, the sub-committee appointed for the pur ; pose presented the draftof ah address to be presented to the late chairman, Air John Magor. The address, which referred in flattering terms to the manner in whith Air Magor performed bis duties during Ms form-of office and paid a just tribute to the zeal and ability displayed by, him in his advocacy of tbs reform of the mining laws, will bo engrossed and suitably mounted, aud formally presented at the next .monthly meeting. Larcenioa still continue to be reported to the police daily. On Sunday night a saddle, valued at £9. was stolen from the stable at the roar of Con’s hotel in Dovoton street. The Bungaroesbiro Council havo decided to raise the sum of £3OOO oil debentures. The primary object of the loan is to supply a long felt want in procuring a supply of water for the' residontsof Soldiers Hill. , Owing to a family bereavement Mr A. Buley could not attend to bis classes at the School of Mines last night. For the convenience of pupils Mr Bsyeo has made arrangements for the class to meat on Wednesday aud Saturday evenings, from 7 to 9 o'clock. On Friday, night last some person throw a quantity of pepper through one of the windows of the Lyceum Hall, Lyons, street, during the progress of a dance, thus causing considerable annoyance to the dancers. As the proprietor of tbo ball has, however, a pretty good idea os to who the mean-spirited individual was, more will probably be heard of the matter. , A telegraph office is now open at Hadden for the transaction of public business. A chimney-sweep rejoicing in the mellifluous name of Samuel Lillyorapp is anxious to enter the wedded state, and having become enamored of -the charms of the unfortunate • girl Frances Romeo, who on Sunday night was found by the police in a Chinese den, be has offered to take her “ for better or ior~worse. 1 ’ Sam turned up at the Town ; lookup yesterday morning with a nice warm breakfast for Frances, who is only 16 years of age, and in the bands of the constable who received the victuals, he also deposited a letter, which, read as follows;—“ Mr Tomson plose sir Samuel. Lillyorapp tolo me to rico this not to yow to tell yow that he has been ikoeping hqr for a fortnight and till he got,a .home and payin’ her nine shillin a week and,ho. was doing to marry, her this week. Samuel Lillyorapp ohimmill sweep.” Mrßibertson, J.P., considered : that the orthography of the letter :quito put in the shade-Mr Isaac Pitman’s pho netic spalling. A policeman condoled with Sam,; and informed him that “ ho had 'not a ghost'of a show, as tho ‘pulse'-'of his heart* would have to go to gad) this time.” The sab-officer in' charge of tho Town .Police station, intimated that- the sweep’s offer of marriage; was only a more subterfuge, and the man was of questionable reputation, -There.were a number of young girls now coming into Ballarat and mixing with the Chinese, and if a stop were not put to this demoralisation, tboro was no saying where it would cud. Lillyorapp was then called, and in nnswer to Mr Parkinson, he said he would marry'Francos ;Romeo within-a week “if sho would boa good girl.” v.Heihadfallen head and. ears in love with her at a certain house where he was engaged to sweep a chimney, nnd though his face was "covered with soot at tbo time, still -through the black coating Frances, could see all .that was; lovely and. manly in his countenance. Mr Parkinson: —“ Are you not already married to a woman in Melbourne ?' Witness—“No, I never was married m my life.” The bench fulled to approve of the proposed “match,” and theysent Romeo, who was blind of an eye, - to gaol for six months. ' A mooting of the Board of Advice No. 117, west riding of Buninyongshire, was held on the 6th instant at State school No. 589, Scotchman's Lead. Present, Messrs Southerland (chair man), Andrews, and Hunter- (correspondent). The action of the. ohairman and correspon dent in granting holidays to tha different schools in ' the district, not . in excess of those allowed by the departmental regu lations was confirmed by tha board. It was resolved—“ That the, necessary steps be taken to fill the vacancy oh this board caused by the non-attendance .of Mr.. Thompson for three consecutive meetings. correspondent was I instructed to write to the Counoil of Boards of Advice, Melbourne,- regarding the admission to school of children who have been suffering from infectious and contagious diseases, . the .board considering it a hardship upon parents in poor t° h«Ta to pay for a dootorVoertl them at borne for three months rf&rreeiUMqraa; specified by the Health Act. : “ That this board takeaotion HSSS I * • pn*e food for regular attendance school No. 689 SooMmno’s 'Load •; by ..anawntfifor a pupil’s, concert undertbo direc tion ofthadhtriot ringing master, and they eon-' •idSMa- With a little outside help it irill be a complete success.: After going fully into returns of defaulters for non- attendance the required nomb'erot days as supplied by truant officer, the meeting elossd. . J "‘ &mytHesdale-.was; visited on Thursday (writes our local.correspondent) by Hanford's Variety . Giron*;.which; aftor remaining till Sunday, loft on that day, being unable to give any perform ance, owing to the extreme inolemeuoy of the weather. " Our Loarmooth' correspondent “ In reference to a paragraph which appears in- Fri day’s issue tl*Cubhm • oonsent ing to ooutost,the -south riding: of Ballaratshire ..ngams.t.aU comers in„the_ event of..Mr. W, H. Urea, M.L.A., insisting upon retiring, Mr M’Cubbia requests me to state that there was no authority for suoh a statement; that he did not intend to stand; and, farther; that he will not stand for the riding.” [The paragraph in question was supplied to ua by a- person whom wo regarded as reliable.] . Our Smythesdale correspondent writes;—“A social party, consisting of the shareholders in the Transit Quartz Co-operative Conpany and other friends, numbering about 20; was held at the residence of Mr Daniels, Newtown (one of the shareholders) on Friday evening last, and 6 roved a very ple.as.apt_and successful affair. Uring the evening, Mr Andrew Stevons, the esteemed engineer and mine manager, was pre sented with a very handsomo.lO- guiiiQa silver hunting watch -in. recognition, nf bis.invariable courtesy and valuable-services during bis con nection with-the mine. The presentation was made by Mr Bartels, the, principal shareholder; in a noat -speech, which -was'responded to In fitting terms by the recipient.- The evening’s entertainment was pleasantly enlivened by the singing of a number of songs, capitally rendered, and was wound up with a dance, which lasted for several hours,” At the Beaufort" County Court yesterday, before his Honor Judge Trench, G. Phillips sued Joseph Prujher to recover the sum of £lO 8s 2-1, on promissory note, and for breach of contract. The defendant bad paid £5.5*, and a.verdiot was given for £3 3s 2d, with 10s costs, execution to bo stayed till 16th June. The' court then ad journed sine die. At the Beaufort Polios Court yesterday, before Messrs' Croker, Wotharspoon, and Prentice, J’s.P., C. J. Leadboater v William Hudson; goods, £1 Ss 7d; order, with 5s costs. W. Sohlioht v James Adams, goods, £lO 7s; order, with 2s 6d costs. Sams v Dennis Tuddenham, goods, £4 17s fid; order, with 2* fid costs. , Con-' stable Fitzpatrick ; v A. 11‘Farlano, cutting timber on Crown lands without a license; fined' 6s, with 2* fid costs. Mr Wotherspoon here left the bench. Wotherspoon Bras, and Cos. » Donald M‘Donald (Amphitheatre), goods, £7 Os 2-1; order, with 6s costs. Some charges of misconduct preferred against: a letter earner named Titnberly at Castlemaine, and complaints against the conduct of one of tbs warders at the Sunbury Asylum, were iqvo«ti-i gated bn Thursday and Friday last by the Civil; Service Commissioners, but no recommendation has yet been made in either case The Public Service Commissioners have ap pointed 24 persons from the list. of applicants ■ for employment in the Public Service to bo fifth class officers. . The Registrar-General's branch of; the Attorney- General’s department,, the Lands, Minas: and Post-office Departments, will absorb nearly the whole of those new appointments. A coal prospecting company has been formed at Wolhalla, and a portion of ground leased in the parish of Moe by Mr James Newton; acting on behalf of the shareholders, the prospects obtained (the Chronicle states) being excellent. Mr ■ Newton intends prosecuting the discovery with all dispatch. Wo are alsoinformed on good authority, that the prospects of Horrocks’ coal mine which is in. the immediate neighbor hood of the ground' marked off by Mr Newton, are most encouraging, and a ■ supply is now being sent away for use on-Government loco motives,'.-.. . . Tha Maryborough Advertiser ia informed that one night last week, as the brncoman of the Duke Consols Company was engaged at bis work, ho thought be heard , a strange noise, and on making , towards; the sluice box, to bis surprise he saw a man couched behind some timber. He then ran for tho enginedfiver, but by the time they got ou the brace the intruder bad bolted down the stone heaps and got clear,' He left a tin dish and footprints behind him, and some thing more may come to light on the subject. Other; tribute parties may do well to keep a night watch. Asa rule, deads of bravory which occur in domestic life are not “wired” to our distant dependencies. As, however, the world is not indifferent to noble acts (says tha European Mail),<na are sura we shall be excused for draw ing attention to one Alice Ayres, a poor little domestic who lost her life in endeavouring to save the lives of oiham. Briefly, A'ico lived at an oil and oolorman’s; shop in: a street in South wark—one of the numerous parishes south-east of London. One night a fire broke out. Tho flames spread with alarming rapidity. Alice appeared at one of the windows, and the people beneath urged her to leap into a sheet which they held to break her fall. She heeded not, but disappeared, suddenly to appear again with a bed, which she threw to tho crowd below. Then, with groat coolness, she dropped from tbs window throe children, two of whom were saved. The flame*, fed by tho combustibles below, were now positively scorching, and the poor girl was onoo again urged to leap to the street. For a moment she seemed to hesitate, as though she .thought thero was some task left undone. At last, however, the fatal leap was taken, by which she mot her death. Never, since tho days of Grace Darling, have we had a more laudable aot of valour to record than that performed by Alice Ayres. Tho Geelong Evening Star says:—“ Mr Cad t ier, who was some years ago statioumaster in Geelong, has resigned bis post of inspection after 30 years service.” The son of the gentle man'named is a stationm’aster in the Ballarat district, A number of men who were engaged by the Raijway; Department hurriedly, discharging trucks of coal at the Geelong yards, owing to the recent war scare, remain (says the Advertiser) unpaid for their labor. The wages were applied for more than a week since, and the,money has not yet boon sent from" Melbourne. Many of the moo have large families to support, so that hardship is occasioned by the delay of the rail way authorities. Last evening’s Herald says:—“A court martial is being held on board H.SI.V.S. Nelson in the Bay this morning upon several •' of the recently appointed members in the naval force for dis obedience of orders. Last week throe of the - men were discharged from the service on account of their conduct. It is reported that they would ■ not submit to the regulations laid down by the commander,” Tho Herald says that the Full Court has ordered anew trial in the case of Charles Fitz gibbon, the young man who was convicted of a capita! offence upon Annie Knight. The court was of opinion that evidence rejected at- the trial should "have been admitted, hence the decision. v Australian militiamen "'will bo glad to know that English- militiamen are rallying to the front, just as they are. Colburn’s United Ser vice Magazine, a periodical, that has flourished for 57 years, says in its number of April last:— ; “It is gratifying,to state that’-lhe regiments of Militia called up for permanent duty showed a good muster. The 3rd - Battalion, East Surrey ‘Regiment, showed 2d officers and 792 men on parade when the flail -'.in’ -.sounded... The sth 'Battalion of* the 'Rifle Brigade mastered 25 officers and 914 men. The 3rd Royal Fusileers, * the Buffs,’ have 20 : officers and 1019 men; and tho 3rd Durham Light Infantry have about 1000 ‘all told.’ Tho battalions mentioned are Militia regiments, which under the present army system] have been attached as a reserve contingent to regiments of the line. The men composing these extra battalions are dressed exactly like their brethren of the line, and when occasion demands join their regiments aa an integral; part of them, though in peace time they are at liberty to follow their ordinary avocations.” ' Tho Argus says that although; the Postmaater " General. finds himself unable to prevent -the Liberator being sent through the post, it has been decided to institutean action in the name of the Attdraey-Gonoraragninst tha proprietors for publishing’ a newspaper without providing tho suretiesrequired by law. ' According to Indian newspapers, which aro usually well informed on such question*, the loyalty of the. Mahbmmedan Native Princes throughout India is' being practically as well as verbally displayed. The.Nawnb of Mooroheda bad, who resides in the city from which Sarajah Doul»h once marched to successfully attack Calcutta, ; and a; second , time to be soundly thrashed by Lord Clive at Plassy, considers it to bo the duty of every Prince to show bis loyalty, and has placed at the disposal of tho Govern ment tho sum of two lakhs of rupees (£20,000% out of the proceeds of bis family jewellery now being sold by auction in Calcutta. Viewed from the strictly Rothschild point of view, thoNawab. though wealthy, is not a millionaire, and ho' deserves all, the more credit for hie ready enthusiasm. The Nawab Ahsumulla Khan, who, though not of such, high descent, is the riohest Mabommedan Zemindar in Eastern Bengal, has offered the whole of his “ personal ” property; amounting to eight lakhs (£80,000), to be spent in tho Soudan, India, or Afghanistan. It is understood, says the Calcutta correspondent of the Times, “ that this offer was conveyed- ju a singularly graceful letter, in which, while expressing a painful consciousness of thA smallness of-his contribution, ho says that be hopes others may follow bis example. He considers that tho people of-India owe a deep -debt of gratitude .to, thq.Briiish Government, which it is impossible to repay, but of whioh he feels sure they are deeply sensible. These two offers, from the most prominent Mahommedans of Bengal, .are remarkable proofs of Mahdmma dan loyalty. It may also be mentioned that tha Maharajah of Tipperah, »^*“L ,or tion of the Government, entire reaonroaa of hia Muvoovito bad better bewaresew- w® -ffWPgW'-: dao.eiud tho Czar willfind.'bthatin with Afghanistan heJteJthrw^Ju*.'^^ 0 ? *Pwi- a hornetfa nakt> '£'> Onr s Maldbq corre^ibodeutr «rirea:— fine ramaihere on last Saturday, yhiub ftare been a greatiboon to’thfe farmer^: both -fqr jirtw* ing oropa and*pasture." .'' j • At about, iOminnles./to lOo’olook dlfßunday night,-in a*- bricked welling situated-' in Spencer street, between Hawke and Abbots ford streets. West Melbourne (aaystha Age) a rather serious gas explosion ooourred; causing considerable damage to the building and its contents, . The honse is owned, and occupied by John , Chambers, who; with bis wile and family;; was sitting in ths front room when the explosion i occurred. The gasalier was- obseryed- Blidiog down in its socket, and a few seconds afterwards i a loud explosion waa hoard. the force of which i -blew out tbe windows 'and" portions of ~tho side walls of the house, even the roof being: lifted up. Mr. Chambers. was : badly burnt about the face and hands, and : his wife, also was greatly injured in the v same, manner. They were .re moved -a few minutes' after .the accident'* to another bouse occupied by .’Mrs , Chambers’ mother, where their injuries, wore attended to by Dr Workman, Mr Chambers states that very recently hoputtwonowglass globes on the gasalier, and these being rather too heavy caused it to slide down; bat gas must have long : been escaping from the tube before the accident took place. : ThsHbtham brigade was speedily on the scene, but its services were not required, la addition to thedamage done to tbs house mentioned, another, a five-roomed wooden detached dwelling, occupied by William Grant, standing about 10 feet distant, was injured by tho! bricks of Chambers’ house being'blown on to the roof, part of which was smashed io, and Mr Grant’s chimney was thrown down by the force of the explosion.. One of Mr Grant’s daughters was ; slightly' hart by the falling dihrit. Efforts are being made to clear away the “ block’’ in the Education Department. There are (says the Telegraph) at the present moment over 100 vacancies for schoolteachers. Jllanyof them have been' opeh for the past sir months... Owing to delays—the departmental officials say. unavoidable delays—the .“transfer list”- re mained incomplete. That has been finished and forwarded to the. Public Service Commissioners, who, after two days’consideration, have prepared a list of 26 nominations for assistant State-school teachers. This list, as arranged by the Public Service Commissioners, has bean sent to the Education Department. When the signature of the Minister of Education has been obtained ap proving of the nominations, the names will finally come before .the Executive Council, by. whom the formal appointments are made. The: 26 names are nominated for new appoint-: ments. . • The borough council of Hamilton had: to pay recently £250 damages to a man who, crossing a' rotten footbridge, injured his ankle by the planks giving wav. The bridge was opposite the man’s residence, and had - neither been con structed by the local council nor was it taken any heed of bythat body as part and parcel of the borough property. The fact remained, how ever, that the streets and publio thoroughfares of Hamilton were under the legal control of the council, and that it was competent (says the Geelong Advertiser) to it to have forbiddeo the placiog of a plank bridge anywhere without its consent. As it bad not forbidden this structure, but had tacitly consented' to it, it became thenceforth responsible for it, and having paid Mr.Fergr on, the plaintiff in the case referred to, £250 damages, it may ba presumed all tim ber and other street bridges in- Hamilton will in future be made by . the local council very safe indeed for pedestrians, ’ The Railway Department is oa'liog for tenders for.the construction of the branch line of rail way to the. Ballarat Corporation • cattle-yards. This news will no doubt be gratifying to every one At the Salvation Army meeting in : the Tem perance Hall, Melbourne, on Sunday night (says the Age), Mr Vivian Melville, M.P., of New South Wales, delivered an address eulogistic of the work of the army. He referred to “the pettifogging councils’’obstructions of tho'army , by municipal bylaws, and advised - the army to appeal to the Government to-have the bylaws revoked.. He spoke in terms of praise; of Mr Dailey, who, he said, although a Roman Catholic, refused to ratify a bylaw at Atbury,- where the female members of the-army had. been muon abused, restricting the operatiops of the army. The Telegraph states that a largely attended meeting, convened by the.friends and adherents of the Rev. J. A. Dowie, to consider the present position of religious liberty, was held at the Filzroy Town Hall, on Friday afternoon. The chairman, Dr Singleton,/ expressed his deep sympathy with the men who had been sent to prison. He said that Melbourne bad a popula tion of something over. 300,000 persons, out of which only 50,000. wore regular churchgoers, and he would ask what would become of tho 250,000 unless some persons with zeal and love would go amongst them to tench them the. principles of Christianity? A motion was carried to the effect ; that the meeting support the action of those who sought to have the, objectionable bylaw .with reference, to street processions rescinded. ’Several speakers addressed tho meeting, and a \- was made for the three men now in gaol. In the evening tho Rev. J: A. Dowie preached a sermon to about 2000 persons, bis text being, “Shall tho throne on iniquity, which fcametU mischief by a law, have fellowship with .God? - ’ : - , The Royal visit to Ireland bamb to a success ful close bn Monday. Ulstor.went mad, and the Nationalists never ventured to show their faces before the ‘ fierce Loyalists of tho North. For once the Orangemen had a clear field, and they demonstrated in a fashion which they alone can. From Dundalk northwards " Boyne Water-" en tirely smothered and destroyed the seditions strains of “ God Save Ireland,” heard on occa sions in the south and west. Belfast especially gave a magnificent welcome to the Prioca and Princess, and tho visit ended in a real blaze of triumph, .to the confusion of the vast multitude of croakers who had prognosticated its failure. Tile Nationalists aro obviously depressed. In bitter rago they say that they wouldprafer the rule of any foreign Power to that of England, which is. so malignant and insidious as to be positively insufferable. Mr O’Brien makes the most of she feeble manifestations at Mallow and on the return of the Prince and Princess from Killarnoy to Dublin. Io these ho “glories,” though it is easy to see that ha is absolutely enraged that they were not more effective; As a matter of fact the visit has revealed the im portant truth that even in the'districts con sidered must disaffected there is much earnest loyalty. This is a revelation alike to the Nation alists and to ourselves, and .it is not likely to be lost sight of. Indeed, tho citizens of Dunlin bavo already their scheme afoot,to/keep this more exoelleut spirit of the people in activity. It is intended to suggest to tbs Prince of Wales to take a residence in'lreland, and to make it his homo during pact of each year. There is reason for saying that this idea is not ungrate ful tp the Prince, and that it will bo accepted,' subject to the condition that Parl.amant should provide the ways and means. No money could be better invested, and it is possible that the soheme may bo realised, if not for the Prince himself,' at any rate for Princo Edward his son, who will shortly ba wanting an establishment of his own. -We may well set- this as a possible outcome of the Royal visit against the proposal of tho Nationalist leagues in the County of Cock to boycott .all the. loyalists who showed any bunting or decoration in honor of tho lato dis tinguished visitors. . Toe proceedings of tho Irish Roman Catholio bishops io Rome aro being watched with much interest bore, as giving a possible indication of their future conduct on tho political question. It is understood that an active contest is going on in regard to the appointment of the successor of Cardinal M'Cabe to the Archbishopric of Dublin. The English Government, backed by Mr Errington, favors the claims of the moderate Dr Ddhelly;. the hierarchy prefers, it is said, the more aggressive Dr Walsh. ' ; In making selec tion, the Pope and his advisers must/take one side or. the other, and they naturally hesitate before coming to a decision; lb any case it is thought that tho Pope will - insist upon his right to control the attitude of the bhuroh in regard to the politico! questions which are to; the front, and if he agrees to the appoietmout of Dr Walsh, it will bo, under; the very precise un dorstauding that his own views are to havo weight in other matters of a secular cha racter:' ■'■■■ An Adelaide telegram published ia the Herald soys r—“ Dr. 1 ' Murries, late protector of the Aborigines in the Northern Territory, has written a...letter* making grave, charges against the expedition sent out near Daly River, to wards.tho end of the last year, to punish the native tribes for the ynurder of white men in. that locality. The Government is to be called upon to give details of the espoditiou, which have hitherto been refused/’ The idea of forming a contingent of the Militia ‘Force among the employes of the Railway De partment (says the Kerald) has been finally abandoned, and it is said that this is duo to. tho fact that the principal officers in the deportment havo “throwncold water on the scheme,”' \- Mr Buley’s mathematical class afc the School of Mines will, meet on Wednesday and Satur day, from 7 to 9 p.m. Tho Town Mission choir will give a service of Bong, “ Eva," in tho Neil street Wesleyan school room to-night, at 8 p.m. The Rev. R. T. Walker has removed from 55 Webster street to 72 Drummond street. Mr R. M. Lambert, acoeuntant, trade assignee, andgeneral commission agent, notifies that he has removed to Irwin’s buildings, 63 Lydiatd street north. •The ladies’ classes in connection with the Bal larat Gymnastic, Association will meet for prac tice at the Gymnasium this afternoon, under the charge of Miss M. SilverlooV,' Full par tioulars regarding days of attendance and sub scription .will tiQ found iq. our advertising columns,- 