PRESBYTERY OF SOUTH AUS TRALIA. The annual meetings of the. Presbytery of South Australia were commenced on Tues day, Ar-ril 5, at 10 o'clock, in the classroom of the Flinders-street Church. The meeting was constituted Dy devotional exercises Dy the Moderator (the Rev. James Lyall). Sederunt— The Moderator, the Revs. J. Gordon, A. Law, R. Mitchell, D. Paton, M. A., B.D., T. Gray, J. A. Burns, J. Stewart, E. Rorke, B.A., A. C. Sutherland, M.A.,RD., and J. Hall Angus (Clerk of Presbytery), ministers ; and Messrs. A. Barratt, T. Mit chell, W. F. Hughes, M. Sperice,' J. Murray, jun., J. R. McColl,-J.: Johnston, W. P, McPherson, and T. W. Fleming,; Elders. _ Commissions. —The following commissions were received and duly sustained :— Port Adelaide, Mr. James- R. McColl ; Spalding, Mr. H. McCallum ; Mount Pleasant, .Mr. J. Murray, D'un.: Jamestown, Mr. Thomas Mit chell 5 Port Augusta, Mr. A. Barratt ; Wal laroo, Mr. James Malcolm ; Monarto, Hon. D, Murray, M.L.C.; St. Andrews, Dr. Robertson : Nairne, Mr. M. Spence ; Wood side, Mr. W. F; Hughes ; and Goodwood, Mr. W. P. McPherson. The. Moderator then delivered the usual address on retiring. -1 We quote the following passages, from it:— 'For three months past my circumstances, in consequence of personal arid domestic affliction, have not been : favourable for the prepara tich of. such ah address as you are en titled 'to expect ??from your retiring Moderator, yet I cannot leave this chair without offering a few words upon our past experiences; and our. proapects, dnr hopes, an a duties in the future. . The year which has just closed has witnessed many changes among up; in fact, more changes than we have had during any previous year of our history. There were four ministerial members present at our last annual meeting who are not with us today; The year had but commenced when one of our number waB stricken down by death. Two ministers have resigned, one of whom has entered on : an inviting field of labour in the sister colony of. New South', Wales— the .other we hope ere long . to welcome' back from athe'old' land, to which he ?-. has. ' gone . in meat ? of health ; . arid a fourth has obtained twelve months' leave of absence also on' 'account of - health. Considering ? our 'small - numbers, so many -changes have undoubtedly . had a discouraging effect tipdn us, and have thrown a somewhat heavy bnrden on those among ns who are in a position, to render help to vacant congregations.- But we have reason vto 'be -thankful that to some extent the breaches in our ranks- have been closed. We have among' us to-day two' brethren who have recently entered on important spheres of labour, and^from whose ability and. ex perience we haWreason to expect mu6h. A third brother, of. established^ reputation and ripe experience may shortly be expected to take charge of the new and promising Church at Norwood, and with the blessing of God we may hope that these- brethren willfcot only be successful in. building up influential con gregations'in their, own immediate i ^districts* but also in Helping us to'extencl-the-ihnHenee of our : Church throughout the land. Our prospects are in some respects better tp;day th an they /have been . for ./some i , y eara , past. ? If we receive 1;he,* wisdom to' know what we ought to do and the energy to doit, and if we are supported by the intelligent and prac tical sympathy of our people, we may hope that before .long, the Presbyterian Church may take a .more * efficient part , than shs has hitherto done in carrying on the work of ? Christ .in-'the colony.' Our great difficulty all along -Tia3 ;been. to;obtain: suitable men for our vacant posts. The homer Charches'havenot always been-ableto help as, ia^o.urneed, aiid theaupply bj ; /young men of ability ana education irom cue cotony nas been but scanty. From information we have 'recently received we believe there will now be lesa difficulty in obtaining well-qualified men from Scotland. We have just had an illustration of promptitude and liberality on the part of the Colonial Committee of the Free Church in the appointment of the Rev. A. C. Sutherland, and it may be well for us from time to time to avail ourselves of their wise and generous assistance. There it a large sphere of work open to us. There are many place? where adherents of our Church are located where we might supply the ordi nances of religion. If suitable men were forthcoming we ought to be able to plant Churches in various important districts. There must, however, be a spirit of enter prise. We must '.expect great things and attempt great things,' We must venture somewhat. Of course, we shall require the support of our people, We cannot extend the boundaries of our Church ; we cannot plant new congregations and sustain them; we cannot train men in the colony or bring out men from home to minister to those congregations without means.. Our congregations must be taught that their duty is not finished when they have sustained the ordinances of religion among themselves, but that they have a duty to perform towards the Church as a whole— that the strong should help the weak, and that the sympathy and half of the whole body should go forth towards the new causes which may from time to time be established. We are persuaded that if this matter were put before our people clearly and earnestly they would respond. The fact that the income of the Foreign Mission Fund has for the year just concluded amounted to over £340 shows that when our people are interested in a cause they will contribute. It will be necessary during the course of the present year to press this matter of the Home Mission scheme with some degree of earnest ness, as from the obligations . we have under taken an increase of funds is indispensable. We have a scheme on hand to raise a capital fund of £5,000 for Church extension purposes. It will be well for us to take early steps to raise. that amount in prospect of the jubilee of Presbyterianism in the colony four years hence, and surely out of the wealth which existB among us a sum far exceeding that amount may without difficulty be obtained. For the present, however, it will be necessary to do our utmost to raise what isneedful to meet the liabilities of the year. There is one subject of wider interest which has engaged some measure of attention, and which will demand even more earnest atten tion in the immediate future ; I mean the subject of federation. Several Conferences have been held, and a scheme has been drawn up by which the Presbyterian Churches of Australia and Tasmania may, without interfering with the autonomy of each other, enjoy the advantage of a common constitu tion and of common rules and forms of pro cedure ; may have a common standard of ministerial education, and may carry on under the direction of one Board the great work of heathen missions. A final Con ference is to be held in Melbourne in little more than two months, and unless some unforeseen difficulty arise the consummation may be effected in the course of the present year. It will be necessary for ns carefully to consider the whole subject, and probably to send it down to our sessions and congrega tions. Various advantages may be expected to arise from such federation as .is proposed. The united Church would be able to take action on matters of common interest. Such a mission as the New Hebrides' Mission could be managed better and more economi cally, and the formation of a common standard of ministerial education would be of the greatest value to the whole Church. One thing which we and our people very much require is enthusiasm — an enthusiasm resting on . an enlightened faifch. Anything like doubt as to our principles must neces sarily tend to lessen our zeal and to hinder our success. The unrest which has of late been eo prevalent in the theological world has had an injurious influence on Christian enterprise. Men who are always examining the .foundations of faith are not likely to make much progress in rearing the super structure. The men who accomplish any thing for God and their generation are men who believe. The system of doctrine we are called to teach is one of which amid the conflict of opinion we have no reason to be ashamed. That the salvation of man has originated in the sovereign, free, everlasting love of God ; that it is through the all-perfect sacrifice offered by the obedience unto death of His only begotten Son ; that those who receive Jesus are freely justified and become partakers of the life eternal— these, briefly stated, are the leading features of that system of doctrine which is held amongus; and whilst we give all credit to brethren in other Churches who look at the same truths from a different standpoint, and acknowledge that even in regard to these doctrines we are sur rounded with difficulties on all sides, we maintain that better than any other our system interprets the teachings of the Word of pod, and is fitted at once to meet the re quirements of the sinful soul and to build up the] believer in faith and holiness. Our system of Church government is also cal culated to draw forth our hearty loyalty. It rejects all notions of priestly authority and sacramentel grace, and not only places all its ministers in a position of equality with each other, but also regards them as persons who are to have no dominion over the faith, of the disciples, but who are to be helpers of their joy. Better than any other system with which we are acquainted it secures on the one hand the dignity of the Christian ministry and on the other the rights and liberties of the Christian people.' m The rev. gentleman next combated the opinion that is gaining ground that long pastorates are undesirable, and he referred to the power of the Holy Ghost as being indispensable to their success as a Chnrch. He then proceeded : — ' There are many things around 113 and among us which are calculated to cause us anxiety and to stir us up to call upon God for a fresh baptism of the Holy Ghost. We have no wish to take a gloomy view of the state of religion. We do not imagine, as some good Christians do, that- matters are rapidly growing from bad to worse, and that this is bound to be the course of things till there is a visible manifestation of the Lord' from heaven. We sincerely;believe, notwithstand ing certain appearances to the contrary, that the world is getting . better, and that the kingdom of God is making progress. Yet there are things which are fitted to produce sadness in our nearts. There is a widespread alienation on th6 part of large masses of the people from the ordinances of religion. There has grown 'up around 'us a spirit of luxury and frivolity which has unfitted many for every thing like serious thought on the grave re sponsibilities of life, and of its issues. It may be questioned if even among Christian people there is that earnest endeavour to sanctify the day of the Lord which we be lieve to be necessary to the healthy main tenance of the spiritual life. There is an increasing difficulty in obtaining properly qualified persons to work in xiur Sabbath schools and in other departments of; Chris- tian exertion, and there is reason to fear that the' number of persons who from time to time are led to avow themselves on the Lord's side is very small. The Church needs to arise and put on strength— to realize more fully ihe responsibility under which she lies to her great Head and to the world— to set herself with renewed earnestness to the work given her to do, and' to prosecute it in a spirit of humble,' earnest prayer for the out pouriiig of the spirit of God.' Mr. Lyall con cluded &s;^ follows i: — 'A good many of -the evangelistic. agencies of the present day. ; are carried on outside the Churches and not always in harmony with, them. , Now we must heartily rejoice rin every case where human souls are converted from the error of their ways and brought into the kingdom of God. Yet ifc is most desirable that the con verts Bhould become associated with organised Churches, that they should be in full sym pathy with those Churches, and that tte Churches 'should furnish , them with the means of spiritual improvement and of Chris tian usefulness. Perhaps we have been' . to blame in; too much leaving aggressive work to be done by outside agencies. Perhap3 we Deed to be shaken somewhat out of our dignity and to/be made to feel that our work is not done when we have ministered to the comfort aid. edification of our' own congre gations, but that we must. bestir ourselves for the salvation of the ignorant, the ungodlv, the immoral ; around us.. That Church 'is likely to be'mpst prosperous which concerns itself for the^'thiDgs of 'others as well' as its own, and which applies itself : with zeal and earnestness to ' the1 rescue of- the perishing i and the salvation of .-.the lost. Brethren, the time, is short, and our. .opportunities for usefulness are being rapidly abridged. I cannot retire from this chair 'with: out recalling the gre'afc changes, which haxe taken place emee' this Presbytery was formed twenty years ago. There rare only three here to-day 'who- were' present then, and many others who have joined us in the interval' have been -removed. Erelong our time for work ..will como to a close. Be it bura to devote lonrselves heart- and soul to-theglory: of pur Lord, and to labour according- to bur ? ability and opportunities for the hastening of that time when men shall be blessed in Him, : and all nations shall call Him blessed.' At' the conclusion of his address he nominated asi hi3 successor the Revi Alexander Law, of Mooarto, who thereupon took the chair, and offered a few words in expression of his thanks at the honour done him in the ap pointment. . ?-...- TheRev. JiGOKCO^' then moved— 'Thai the -thanks' of the Presbytery be tendered^ to the- retiring Moderator for : his address.* and, that the same be printed and- circulated amengst trar Churches,'1 Re*'.- Ei Roske seconded, and it was agreed to. A Frintintr Committee, consisting of the Revs. D. Patoa (Convener), E. Rorke, and the Clerk, wa3 appointed, and such committee was em powered to take such steps as might be neces sary for the liquidation of printing expenses The vote of thanks wa3 duly tendered to the Ex-Moderator and suitably acknow ledged, The Rev. D. Patox then moved— ' That the hearty thanks of the Presbytery be tendered to the Clerk for his services, and likewise to the Treasurers of the various funds.' Seconded by the Rev. J. Lyall, and agreed. The Ci/ebk briefly replied. Koolunga.— The Rev. E. Roeke (Mode rator) reported that this Church had been supplied during the quarter by the Rev. T. W. Smythe, and that under his care the work both at Koolunga, Collingsfield, and also at the newly opened station at Snow town was progressing very well. He had visited the Churches during the quarter on week evenings and could testify to the work done. The Rev. T. W. Smythe briefly sup plemented the report, which, on the motion of the Rev. R. Mitchell, seconded by the. Rev. T. Grav, was received and the Moderator thanked. Strathalbyn.— Rev. J. Gordon' (Moderator) reported that he had visited this Church and dispensed the Communion ; abo holding a congregational meeting at which matters affecting the Church's interests were fully discussed. The Church was going on satis factorily, but anxioua for an early settle ment. Report received. Rev. James Lawrie.— Tlu3 minister, at present supplying under the Home Mission Committee, handed in his certificates, which were read and a few kind words of welcome addressed to him by the Moderator. Woodside and Nairne.— Tho Rev. A. Law (Moderator) stated that he had visited these Churches at WoodBide. Two Elders had been ordained, and at both Churches the Ordinance of the Lord's Supper had been di3 penEed. Report received. Higher Christian Education Scheme.— Mr. Fleming claimed the indulgence of Pres bytery, in consequence of illness, to briefly report regarding this scheme so that he might retire. He gave the results of the recent examination, and expressed regret that the scheme had not been taken up by the Churches of the Presbytery as it should have been. It was moved by the Rev. J. Lyall, seconded, by the Rev. T. Gray, and agreed— ' That the report be received, and the consideration of the same be deferred till later on, and that the sympathy of the brethren be expressed with Mr. Fleming in his illness.' Mannum.— The Rev. T. Gray (Moderator) reported that he had visited Maunum on the first Sabbath of April, and that services had . been conducted ever since under the auspices of the Home Mission Committee, Report received. Mount Barker.— The Rev. J. Lyall (Moderator) mentioned that owing to illneaa he had not been able to visit this Churoh during the past quarter ; the services had, however, been regularly maintained. The anniversary was celebrated on March 22 and 23, and was fairly successful. In this Church, alike with the other vacancies, there was the strong desire for a permanent settlement. Blyth and Woodlands.— The Rev. J. Lyal& (Moderator) reported that the services had been regularly maintained during the quarter, chiefly by Mr. Mike (Student). At Blyth the course was much in the same state as before. At Woodlands thelittle Church was quite fulL The friends at Mount Templeton had re tired from the arrangement with ths other congregations, owing to the fewness of their numbers. Whilst that was to be regretted, yet the two places, Blyth and Woodlands, were quite sufficient for the energy of any ordinary man. omithfield.— The Rev. D. Patos (Mode vator) reported that under the superinten dence of , Mr. Congreve, together with a zealous band of olfice-bearers, this Church was going on most satisfactorily. He wished to have assessors appointed in order to the ? election of additional Elders, and suggested that the present assessors of the Mount Barker Church might act. Report received, and appointment of assessois as requested acceded/ to. Golden Grove.— The Rev. D. Patox (Mode rator) Btated that the Rev. J. R. Ferguson had resigned this Church owing to failing health, and that at present temporary means were adopted for the supply of the pulpit. He asked that the Presbytery empower him to negotiate as at present, and also to allow of the appointment of assessors as in the case of Smithfield. Report received, and the same assessors appointed. Norwood.— The Clerk announced the re ceipt of a letter frpm the Rev. W. F. Main, of victoria, accepting the call to this Church, and asking the Presbytery to kindly defer the induction till the first week in June owing to the illness of his wife. The Rev. D. Paton moved—' That the Presbytery's satis faction be expressed at the acceptance of the call by Mr. Main ; that the induction take place at Norwood on Tuesday, June 2, at 7.30 o'clock ; that the Rev. A. C. Sutherland, M.A., B.D., preach on the occasion ; the Rev. E. Rorke, B.A.. induct and charge the minister, and the Rev. J. Gordon charge the people.' The Rev, J. Lyall seconded, and it was agreed. The usual edict to be served on two Sabbaths iprior to that date. Union of Australasian Churches. — A com munication was read from Dr. Kish, of Vic toria, accompanied by the revised code of rules suggested in connection with thi3 Union, and asking the Presbytery to appoint delegates to visit Melbourne on the occasion of the final Conference in July next. Rev. E. Rokke moved—' That the code of rules be remitted to sessions with a recommenda tion that they bring the matter before their several congregations, and report to the Presbytery not later than June 1 next, and that in order to a full consideration of the subject the Presbvtery meet in the usual place on Tuesday, June 2, at 3 o'clock p m. The Rev. J. Lyall seconded, and it was agreed. Presbyterial 'Visitation. — The Clerk moved— 'That this Presbytery take into its ?consideration the desirability of at once initiating a &ystem; of Presbyterial visitation for the purpose of enquiring into the well being of the congregations within the bounds, . and as well to bring prominently before our people the various schemes of the Chnrch.' He urged that the time had come when we should establish the system that was in exercise in other Presbyterian Churches, both in the colonies and at home and pointed out the advantages, that would accrue both to the Presbvtery and the individual Churches. Ihe Rev. J. Stewart cordially seconded the motion, and gave his experiences of the ?working of the system in New Zealand. Other members haviDg spoken, tho motion was unanimously acreeu to ; and upon the motion of the Rev. /D. Paton, seconded by the Rev. E. Rorkk, the Clerk (as Convener) and the Revs. D. Paton, E. Rorke, J. Stewart, and Mr,. J. Johnston were appointed a committee i o for mulate a scheme and report to the Presbytery on June 2. Balance-sheets.— The balance-sheets of the ' various funds were presented, and MeB-rj. John Johnston and Thoma3 Mitchell were appointed to audit same and present report on Wednesday. Annual Meetings Committee.— The Rev. E. Rorke (Convener) made a statement as to the arrangements for the present meetings, which was agreed to. Clerk's Annual Statement. — The Clerk called attention to the failure on the part of several congregations to send in the usual returns,, and notified that in the absence of these he was unable to furnish the usual sta tistics, but cad '? prepared hio report, and would read same at the evening meeting, .-Home Mission- Visitation.— The Revs. R. Mitchell and T. Gray reported upon an ex teESive-.tour they, liad.madeof evangelistic character during the past fortnight. Starting rom Quprn they bad visited Hawker, Uordon, Wilson, and Beltana townships. At the latter place they had held two meetings, when almost the whole of the people were prcsfint. At Hergott Springs Mr. Gray had preached twice and addressed the Sabbath ?chool, whilst Mr. Mitchell spent the ' Sabbath in visiting the camps -of navvies- beyond Hergc-tt and delivering-, the .ftc3pel message. On the Monday. both-Messrs. Gray and Mitchell held meetings with' tie' navvies, when there were good attendances, and the visit, enjoyed as itvvas by themselves, seemedto 'be enjoyed also: Iiy' ; those who were listeners, On tne way back ' they had visited Farina and held a service, ab which' there; was a good attendance. The Rev, E... Mitchell specially reported about the prospects of anew field that \vaa.ppenirig up atQuorn and Mount Arden, the number oilPresbyterian families there were there, and their deep: interest in the work, He had begun- jregnlar '. services, and desired that members of the Presbvtery ehould- set apart a day for paying- a visit. The Rev. T. Gray had also viBited the Hundreds of Coglin and Morgan, had held services in Coglin and also at PetersbHrg, aad was greatly cheered by the kindly greetings of the people, who were most anxious, to have services as often as possible -by .the ministers of their osvn Cl.iurch, They had also made a contribution to the- Home Mission Fund. The Clerk moved, and the Rev. J. A. Brass seconded, and it was agreed that the reports of tlie. two brethren be received, and that, thev b& heartily thanked for the interest they have shown and the zeal iriih whicfc they have undertaken the recent visitation, Tho Rev, R.. Mitchell moved— 'That the Rev. J. Stewart visit Qaorn and neighbourhood in the month of June; that the Rev. J. A, Burns visit in the mouth of July ; and that other arrangements, be left with hiinsalf.' Agreed. ....??:;. . .;. .-. ; 