COUNTRY NEWS' [BY TELEGRAPH.] (FOM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) NEWCASTLE, THURSDAY. This afternoon, a little before 3 o'clock, the police received intelligence that the body of a man was found hanging from a bedpost in a bedroom of the Cambridge Hotel, on the Hamilton-road, with his feet touching the ground. It is evident the case is one of deliberate suicide. The man was known by the cognomen of "Charlie," and had been working for Messrs. Loch and Doherty, stonemasons, for some time time past. An inquest on tho body of Bridget Pritchard was bold at the Albion liotel to- day, vvlon a verdict of accidental death was recorded, with a rider »dded, calliug tho attention of the Superintendent of tho A. A. Company to tho urgent necessity for having their railway lino proporly fenced in, and gatos erected at tho trossing with a gatekeeper sta- tioned thoro to prevçnt f ¡turo accidents. Yoles of thanks vvoro virará rd to Messrs. Fletcher and Ellis, M's.L.A., at tl«i Wickham Council last night for having unitedly procurd £1500 from tho Government for tho coiiiplotion of WiclbnmPark. Tho contuict for th'-bteani fire engine for tho Honoy stioklo Brigade was duy s>ignod on Tuesday night. ' It will cost £787, iwyahlo in yaily instalments of £100 each. It is supplied by a firm irNcw York, Messrs. It. C. Ghost and Co, One of tho prtnurä, Mr. Spawn, was prosont and signod tho contract Tho cntoipriso reflects greater upon tho pluck of tb Honeysuckle Bl igiido. A steam Ara cngiuo has for yor» been cried out for, but until the present in vain. FERNMOUNT, THURSDAY. News has just len received boro that the body of a man nninod Matt Mutin has been found at Caff's Harbour, murdered und pidnlly Imrnt. Tho man has boon missing for somo days udcr suspicious ciroumstnncos. Tho polico started out on Ttosdny list to i-oarch for the murdero, who lim, boon arrosto, und las confessed to tho crime. KEMPSEY, THURSDAY. Tho sfcamei'Joraki pt on tho har yesterday, and was in somo danger dring tb¡ night, but sho got off this afternoon, and cleared ff Sjdner. GLEN INNES, THURSDAY. Tho surveiof the Turracibad Estate is piocceding. The estato will li cut np into a sufficient number of farms to carry 000 faillies. This wintr has ben tho finest that has yet boon known in Now Egliind. Stock aro in good condition, and tho fanning propcets an most favourable. NARRABRI, TnunsDAY. The fn-sfivool of tie soason arrived at tho railway station to-day froïEuric Inri station. BOURKE, THURSDAY. A quansty of tichei' Ins arrived for tho new wharf, but all work Us bren sttppcd on account of tho representations of tho Turn Counsl to tim Public Works Department that the wharf if const-acted on tho preiont plan, would bo uso less, and tho contactors aro now idlo, waiting for instruc- tions'. A meeting of fe Railway Opening Demonstration Com niittco Tas held to-diiy, when it was decided to hold a banqueten fho 3-l and a bill on tho 4th Septembor, in tho engine-died, und the catering was entrusted to Mr. Cripps, of Sydney. Tho «.eather u very closo and liko rain. There is a slirlt riso in tho river. COBAR, THURSDAY. It has been decided to hold a public meeting here on Tuesday next in reference to the Cobar railway. The new post and telegraph office here has been com- pleted, and will be occupied next week. The weatheris fine. MUDGEE, THURSDAY. Mr. J. S, Groavos, late manager for Messrs. Princo, Ogg, and Co, at thoir Mudgoo house, was ontertainod by tho local opijloyocs of tho firm at ti farowoll banquet last night. Thftïair pap'«d off very successfully. BLAYNEY, THURSDAY. Splendid weather prevails hero, w.irni days witli frosty nights, ondio signs of rain, which is very much wanted. JERILDERIE, THURSDAY. Tho firstTOol of the season from Yunko Sfation passed through to tho goods shod, to ho trucked to Sydney, to- day. The weather continuos dry, with heavy frosts at night. BRAIDWOOD, .THURSDAY. The vpther hero is fino. BALRANALD, THURSDAY. Tho country is looking bare, and rain is badly wanted. Shooting has commenced on somo of tho back country btatioiii. The rivor is falling, but it is still navigablo. BATHURST, THURSDAY. The first annual meeting of the Bathurst branch of the Highland Society was held at the offices, William-street, last night, Mr. J. C. Lowe in the chair, and only 11 members in attendance. The report as read by Mr. J. D. M'Connel, secretary, gave particulars as to the formation of the society, and stated it had proved more than a name, and had made itself a power in the community. The treasurer's statement as read by Mr. J. M. Pringle showed that the total receipts of the year amounted to £122, and expenditure to £74, leaving a balance in hand of £17. Over £25 had been expended in in relieving persons in distress. The report and balance-sheet were adopted, and a vote of thanks was tendered to retiring officers. The following officers were elected for the ensuing year :- President, Mr. John M'Intosh, vice-president, Mr C. M'Phillamy and Mr. W. D. Ranken; council, Rev. D. Geekie, Messrs. Far- quhar, W. Smith, John Dickie, W. W. Young, F. G. Monro, D. M'Intosh, A. Miller, W. J. Hall, G. H. M'Dougall, and Baynes Geekie, hon. treasurer, J. Milne Pringle; hon. secretary, Mr. J. D. M'Connel. Letters of thanks were received from the Hospital Committee and the Poor Relief Society, acknowledging the handsome donations received from Mr. Kethel's lectures, which were delivered under the auspices of the society, and it was decided to for- ward the letter to Mr. Kethel, together with the thanks of the society. It was resolved to hold the annual sports on Boxing Day, as on last year, and a committee was appointed to make the necessary arrangements. A meeting of the Bathurst Farmers' Union was held to- day, at which there was a numerous attendance, Mr. Jacob Knight presiding. Reports were received as to the decisions arrived at by the late conference of the Land and Industrial Alliance. A vote of thanks was tendorcd to Messrs. Knight and Prank Croaker, tho delegates who attended from Bathurst. It was meutionod that Mr. L. 1?. Heydon, M.L.A., would visit Bathurst and deliver a looturo, if ho weio invited, and it was resolved that ho should bo iibked to lectura on Monday next, in tho Town Hull, on tlio subject of "Tho goneral political situation of this colony." BLAYNEY, THUUSDAY. The election of an aldormau to fill tho extraordinary vacancy caused by the retirement of Alderman Palmor carno off to-day. Tho result of tho poll this aftomoon was as follows ¡-Woolley, 89 ; Sichert, SO ; and Beddio, 38. CARCOAR, THUUSDAY. The weather is beautifully fino, with frosty mornings. GOULBURN, THUUSDAY. Au inquest was held ycstorduy on the body of Mrs. Shields, wifo of Thomas Shields, a farmer residing near Lake Bathurst. Tho evidence of tho husband was to tho effect that tho deceased had been subject to fits of depres- sion, and that on Wednesday sho ate the heads of .two boxes of matches. She stated that sho had no wish to live, and sho lingered until Monday, when she died. Tho medical evidence was that her lungs and heart were in a diseased stale. A verdict iu accordance with the evidence was re- corded. Tho deceased was 31 years of ago. COROWA, THUUSDAY. At a meeting of the Corowa Branch of the Land and In- dustrial Allianco hold to-night, tho following resolution» weio unanimously carried :-(1) " That Mr. M'Donald bo accorded a hearty voto of thanks for his lucid report of the proceedings of tho conferonco hold in Sydney." (2) " That this branch Bliall ondeavour to seouro tho total repeal of the present Land Act, or such amenamente as would alter tho total groundwork of tho bill." (3) " That this branch advocate and support tho Bysteiu of payment .of members at the next gouoral election." Tho general tono of tho mooting was in utter condemnation of tho Land Bill. 