CAULFIELD GRAND NATIONAL TIPS BY "ECLIPSE." Barring the Selling Unco evory ovent to bo decided at Caultlcld to-morrow will bo contested by lui go fields, tlurty-nino having accepted for thu Sapling Stakes, scveiitccn for the Hurdle Race, thirteen for the Steonleclmso. nnd forty-ouo for the the Balaclava Stakes. As tho linal payments hayo boon made it is pro bable that there will be no material diminution of tltosQ totals. Under these circumstances thoro Is ovcry prospect of witnessing some capital sport, ami visitors will possibly ho introduced to a Mnribyrnong Plate or Nor- mnnby Stake winner in . Tub Sai'i/xii Stakes — In which some of tbol but bred youngsters in tho land arc engaged. Last year DrL. L. Smith won thisevent with Melodious, and as tho Doctor Iils a very promising lilly, called Louise ierlha, engaged to-morrow, it is on Hho cards thnt the rose, groen mid iartnn will bo again to the fore' tins eeasou. \ Edith, who has changed hands during the w«ek is now owned by a very lucky individual, aid if the clmngc of stable has not thrown her luck a bit, she should about win. The result oi the scramblo maybe— Edith, Jl ;LouisiaBc!ibn,2 ; Tub liuudiik itaukhas, during the past few davs, been mndctbo mulium of some very van- ubld wagering. Hmtsmnu, Tho Gho3t, nnd, , moro roccntly, 'Tho Agent having each been supported straight out, while in doubles Stir, Guarallsli and Jlippogritt! have also hem backed. If Thr auu.it starts, I believe bin to bo good enough to win under all his weight but I would advuc backers to exorcise a littlo patienco until tho two-year-old race lias been rip, aud then in the event of tlio sensational chcsput being saddled up with Ferguson in tho ca'dinal and black juckot, "punters" should Invct apound or two on lum. Twelve stone ono \s a criLshing weight to carry over (two miles of the Cnumold Course, but- tbo past season's exporieuco has taught us tha weight does not stop a good 'uu wher well, aud with ft start, whatever beats vhh Aohnt to- morrow will win. The followro \s my place prediction: — Tun Aoknt, I ; Thi Ghost, 2; Star, 8. \ 'Sisi.i.inc; R.\or— BiuntzR. grand nationai. stkkv r.ncu a.— w vm- i.bt, i ; Minerva, 2 ; Sailor, 8. - \ Bai.aiu.ava Stakes.—' Too Too, I \Evio, 2 ; Bohemian, 8. ' \ 