A RAILWAY GHOST. As there is a ghost in this story, according to a'l established rules it ought to commence with "once upon a time," but as I am some what of an iconoclast, not even such a vener able figure of speech can escape annihilation at ray hands. L»t me bs exact in chronology at least. I had been hastily summoned from Cornwall to the bedside of a wealthy old uncle from whom I had expectations, and as the telegram in formed me that he could not survive hia pre sent attack of gout, I thought it might be as well for me to 03 "in at the death," and so one foggy day in November, I860, found me travelling to Ashbourne, a little, out-of the way place, where the oil gentleman lived. There were but few passengers on the train, and I had the comfort of a carriage all to my self. We stopped to coal at some little way station, when a ."passenger was hurriedly ushered, or rather banged, into my compart ment by the conductor; The stranger was a tall, thin, middle-aged man, with a face lean and withered like a shrivelled apple. In a dress tight-fitting and of an ancient and faded black, he looked like a man who had run very much to seed, which perhaps accounted for the luxuriant growth of his arms and legs. Observing his clothes steaming with the damp air, I began to realize that it had suddenly become very cold. " Quite a change in the weather," I re marked. " Very cold to-night, is it not ?" " Don'i fsel the cold myself. Perhaps you would like to change places with me ; there is no draft herr." I replied that I Bhould be glad to do so if it aid not inconvenience him, and accordingly we changed seatp. It was cold, and no mistake. I must have taken a chill, for I felt the cold creeping over me in a most unaccountable manner. Look ing at my companion on the opposite seat, on whom the lamplight now phone fali, I saw that his face was not so thin nor his features so withered as I at first supposed; and I must have made a mistake as to his age, for he was by no means as old as I had previously judged. How cold it was, to be -sure 1 As I looked at him, I noticed that his aspect changed momently—that he was growing younger; that the wrinkles in his face were filling out and smoothing down, and that he was gradually becoming like gome one I had seen before. As his cheeks grew round and ruddy, and his hair changed from gray to brown before my very eyes, I became nervous, and endeavoured to cry out, but could not. I was paralj zed with the cold—cold that seemed to make my limbs rigid and benumb my vitals, for I saw that the man sitting before me was no longer a stranger—no mere friend or acquaintance—he had become me! I held up my hands to try to shut out the sight, and, as I did so, so that they were withered, and thin, and old. I pressed them to my brow, to see if I were dreaming, and I found it shrivelled, and seamed, and puckered. And then I knew that this man—this fiend— had stolen my body, and given me his. Maddened with the discovery, I rose to my feet—bis feet—which tottered beneath me, and 1 struck wildly at the vision of myself on tho other seat. Bat I found my arms light as vapor, fer they passed over bis body, which went through them, giving me the impression of pain. It was a body of shade that had been given me for my own body of flesh and blood, which this wretch has stolen. By some sorcery or another, we ihad indeed changed places. " Sarcerer—demon 1 " I cried out, only to hear myself speaking **ith his sharp, cracked voice. When I saw myself sitting opposite to me, coolly addressing me in my own voice, I couid no longer credit my senses—if, indeed, I had any of them at all left of my own. "Dare say you think you are speaking loud now," he said. I answered by shouting for the conductor as loudly as I could. "Ah, you might call a good deal louder than that. Why, if the carriage were full of passengers they could no more hear you than they could see you," he continued, chuckling, and screwing my features up into a hideously knowing grin, bucIi as I could never have made them assume. " You see, my friend, yours is a body of air, of shadow, insensible, impalpable to all bat myself, jast as it was to a'l but you when I entered the carriage. You wish, perhaps, to know who I am. Well, two years ago to-night I was a passenger by this train. There was a collision with a Btupid freight- train, you see, and the result was that several passengers were injured. One of them was—well, it'a do nee mincing matters— killed on the spot. Quite so. It was I. Yec, I am what you would call a ghost, al though we do not consider that just the correct term among ourselves—we have better word for it. Naw I have told you what I am, you will, doubtless, like to know what I want. Yerygood; yon shall 6ee." The ghost in my body then began to feel in my pockets, from which he drew out my meerschaum, which he filled from my poach and lit with one of my matches. " Ah," he proceeded, puffing like a steam engine, " you smoke vary good stuff—natural leaf an Old Judge; not a bad mixture, though I prefer a little Cavendish with it myself. Not at all a bad body of yours, either," he went on, eyeing the form in which he was sitting; " not at all a bad body; and it fits me to a T, only a little short in the arms. By the way, I find one of your front teeth a little loose, so don't go and say I did that, when you come to yourself again; and your nose is a little long for me, but I dare say it blows none the worse for that." I shuddered as I saw him take cut my pocket-handkerchief and use it on that cherished organ of mine. "Yer, I date say now you feel the cold a little; I did at first, but it's nothing when you are used to it. I find your body very warm —being heavier than I am accustomed to wear; but it won't be for long. I require it 1 positively for this night only,' as you say in your play-bills; and will return it uninjured by the time we get to Ashbourne. By the bye, let me beg of yon to be a little careful how you throw your arms about eo much as you did just now, for my body is of a more delicate construction than yours; and being so thin in substance, I am afraid you will chafe it under the arm-pits. Yon will observe, ladies and gentlemen*" he went on, in lecturer's styl®, " that if I take a lighted match and insert it in the corner of the patient's eye, he will feel no pain." Saying this, my dreadful companion proceeded to illustrate his remark by making a dive at my shadowy eye with a burning match. I certainly felt no pain as the match burned in my head. " You will allow, after all you see, that my shape has its advantages," the ghost pro ceeded ; " bnt it also has its disadvantages. Try the pipe now." I tried to take the pipe —it dropped through my vapory fingers. He placed it in my mouth; I could not hold it, nor get a whiff from it. " Precisely so," said the ghost. "Now, this is just what has brought me here to-night. A great smoker all my life, doing my twelve pipes a day regularly, 1 have been defunct these two years, and during all that time I haven't had a smoke 1 Not a blessed draw. I miss my 'baeca dreadful. There i3 a provision made for smokers down with us, you will under stand; but we are governed by a Board of Directors whose general incapacity equals that of many of your city boards. There is a stock of bodies kept for smokers, bo that if you want to enjoy a pipe you muat go into one of the bodies to get it. But if you will believe me, the supply is so notori ously insufficient to meet the demand that there is no chance whatever for a new ghost to get a smoke. When I entered the society all the bodies were out in use, and booked for three years in advance. My name has been down on the books for two years, and there is no chance of my getting a body allotted to me for a twelvemonth. Fancy two years without a smoke! Why, sir, the incompe tence of our Board is something awful. I can only explain the reason why we put up with such gross mismanagement in the other world is because we have become so used to it in this. Our constitutions, however, are being undermined to that extent that the Board has at length been coerced by popular feeling into passing a measure, empowering ghosts to render themselves visible to a single individual at a time, in order that they may effeot a change of bodies for short periods, al ways with the consent of the person in ques tion, for the purpose of indulging in a habit which the directors say they * cannot, how ever, but characterize as pernicious and in jurious.' George III. and George Washing ton, both members of the Board, opposed the measure; they, however, were left in a ridicu lously small minority. Under this new act, I obtained your body." " You never had my consent, friend 1 " I cried. " It is vulgar to call names, my friend," the ghost replied, smoothing my moustache with my fingers; "but you are trifling. I asked you to change places with me, and you agreed, as you must be well aware. But, dear me 1 here we are at Ashbourne; but, however, I must finish my pipe—think of two years, and not a blessed draw, my friend 1" 