The Advertiser WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1885. The conduct of public business in the Assembly is the reverse of satisfactory. The Attorney-General is the life and soul of the Ministry, and in his absence matters drift into inextricable confusion. Yesterday Mr, Downer was unfortunately unable through illness to attend to his parliamentary duties. Who was left in charge of Government business we are not in a position to say. The function of leading the House appeared to be divided between the Treasurer and the Commis sioner of Public Works, but neither gentle man acquitted himself with conspicuous success. In Committee of Ways and Means Mb. Newland attempted to get on with the ministerial proposals for imposing a stamp tax and increasing the probate and succession duties, but when a question was asked him which he might fairly have been expected to answer—whether it would not be better to pass the Estimates before con sidering any scheme of increased taxation —the hon. gentleman was completely non plussed. Mr. Darling gallantly rushed into the breach, and we give him credit for endeavoring to assist adistressed colleague; but certainly his zeal outran his discre tion. Hisspeechwasanextiaordinaryexhi bition, in some respects diverting enough, but apparently quite aimless. The upshot of it all was that soon after Mr. Symon had submitted a distinct amendment for the postponement of the consideration of the taxation proposals until after the passing of the Estimates, Mr. Newland, collapsing under the difficulties of his position, moved that the House should resume, and the committee obtained leave to sit again on Thursday. Thus ended the first lesson. The Commissioner of Crown Lands next essayed to make some progress with the Land Bill, but before the com mittee had done anything the House again resumed, and one or two small matters having been disposed of, it was agreed to adjourn. What was the explanation of dispensing with the usual evening sitting it is hard to say, unless it be that Ministers in the absence of their chief doubted their capacity to go on with the public business. It would surely hare been possible, however, to continue the consideration of the Land BilL The postponed clauses are certain to be dis cussed at some length, and we are at a loss to understand why the inevitable debate on these provisions should have been put off. Time is too valuable to be wasted in this manner. Of course all the Ministers except the Premier are new to office, but out of the four in the Assembly there should be at least one able to take his place in the event of his unavoidable absence. The Treasurer, in introducing his taxa tion proposals, explained the financial position clearly enough, and we think showed conclusively that some form of increased taxation is absolutely neces sary to make both ends meet. In his original Ways and Means Mr. New land estimated that lub revenue for the current year would be £2,344,124, and his expenditure £2,407,584, showing an excess of the latter amounting to £63.400. This added to the deficit on June 30 last, £709,240, would bring up the debit balance at the end of die present year to £772,700. Of the expected receipts from bind and income taxes this year £130,000 properly belongs to last year, so that the Government expected to go further to the bad to the amount of £193,460 unless new sources of revenue were provided. The Treasurer calculates that the increased Customs re ceipts under the new tariff will be £137,508. Stamp duties, he hopes, will bring in for this year £40,000, and pro bate and succession duties £20,000 extra, making a total of about £197,500. Thus it is proposed to equalise revenue and expenditure for the year, and Bhow a balance of about £4,000 to go towards reduction of the deficit, leaving it on June 30 next at £705,000. Presumably supple mentary expenditure and excesses on votes are not to affect this result, but will, as Mr. Rounsevell suggests, be just about mct4iy the unexpended balances. When, however, the Treasurer brings down his revised Ways and Means he will un doubtedly find it necessary to reduce his estimates of revenue considerably. We very much doubt whether tile Customs revenue will realise nearly as much as he imagines. For tKf present year he looks forward to a return of nearly £700,000, in cluding the increasedreceiptsunderthenew tariff—a result that is highly improbable. The Treasurer is new also ready to admit that his estimate of £650,000 from rail ways is excessive. In other lines we have previously pointed out that his expecta tions are too sanguine. So far as expen diture is concerned, unless some retrench ment is effected, and the enormous outlay en vermin destruction checked, Mr. New land's estimates will prove to be decidedly under the mark. Financiers of Mr. Rounsevell's type do not appear to have a real appreciation of the gravity of the position. In spite ot the proposed addition to the people's burdens, Uiere is cause to fear that the deficit will be|much larger on June 30 next than even Mr. Newland anticipates. Parliament has therefore only two courses open to it. Either there must be a policy of root and branch retrenchment, or increased taxa tion to a huge amount must be agreed to if the colony's debt is to toe in the slightest degree reduced this year. The wild statement of Mr. Roun?evell that the Government are proposing to pile up taxation to the amount of £525,000 in one year hardly deserves refutation. Of the £270,000 from land and income taxes included in this amoant only £140,000 belongs properly to the current financial period, and we have already expressed our opinion that it is far from likely that even this sum will come into the Treasury. ? Admitting as we do the need of more revenue, we still think that the Govern ment would have acted wisely in seeking to raise it by a property tax instead of by stamp duties. In themselves stamp duties are not specially objectionable. They are easily and cheaply collected, and in other countries are cheerfully paid. It is a pity, however, to compli cate our system of taxation when it is possible to place it on a basis of greater simplicity and directness. Strange to say, there are those who persistently refuse to recognise the failure of the land and income scheme, but we do not think the members of the present Government are among the number, and we are surprised that they have not even offered to substitute the New Zealand system for the income tax. That system is in trinsically fair and just, and as it is difficult to erade payment of the tax the Government could rely on it for the additional revenue they require. If the House is determined not to abolish the income duties and replace them with a good substantial property tax, it is clear that some new form of taxation must be added to the existing scheme. The colony is fast drifting towards a condition of bankruptcy, and in one way or another the brake must be put on, We con fess that we have little faith in the new-born zeal of Mr. Rounsevell and Mr. Colton for a reduction of the expendi ture on the Civil Service. That there is room for retrenchment we concede, but it is only a firm Ministry who can success fully take the matter in hand. Opposi tion members are always big in their talk about economy, but it is remarkable that when they find themselves on the Minis terial benches the promised economy soon lapses into the unsatisfactory " passive" stage, beyond which the Colton Govern ment never succeeded in getting. There is a strong feeling in the House that until tiie Estimates are passed the con sideration of the taxation proposals of the Government should be delayed. Hope springs eternal in the human breast. It is believed that the Estimates may be so reduced as to obviate the necessity of in creased taxation. We shall be glad to witness an honest effort to retrench, but we are afraid that tins year at all events no considerable saving can be made—except on paper. Before the Estimates are disposed of probably nearly five months of the financial year will have elapsed, and during all that time expendi ture, it may be assumed, will have been proceeding at the estimated rate. A thousand here and a thousand there may be struck out of the Estimates, but after all what will it amount to ? The inevitable excesses will be reported when the next budget speech is made, and it will be found that the saving which it was sup posed had been made was purely of a visionary character. It lias been remarked that the delay in die passing of the Vermin Bill conse quent upon the action of the Legislative Council in referring the matter to a Select Committee will cost the country a large Bum of money by continuing for several weeks at least the payment of scalp money. The committee hare brought up their report at the appointed time, however, and from the amount and variety of the evidence taken it is clear that they worked with a will. The evidence, which was all taken in five days, occupies 39 pages, and is given in replies to 778 questions. The report consists of suggestions as to the amendment of the Bill, and recommenda tions as to administration. These latter maybe summarised thus:—l, Leasing of unoccupied resumed land not required for special purposes, with vermin destruction conditions. 2. Sale or leasing of unused roads to owners of adjoining kind, with similar conditions. 3. Encouragement of use of wire-netting fences. 4. Trial of experiments testing efficacy of contagious diseases in destroying rabbits. The amendments to the Bill recommended by the Select Committee extend it from five short clauses to seventeen. The spirit of the Bill may be said to have been accepted by the committee, but its provisions are guarded and modified. Thus, instead of all payments for scalp money for vermin except rabbits ceasing on September 30 last, and the reduction of rabbit scalp money from twopence to one penny per scalp from September 30 to November 1 next, the amendments pro vide that payment of scalp money shall cease seven days after notification in the Government Gazette of the passing of the proposed Act, except for rabbit scalps, for which payment shall be made for a further period of twenty-one days, but at the rate of one penny per scalp instead of twopence. Then the_ existing vermin districts are to be rabbit districts, and the present boards under the Act of 1882 are to become boards of advice under the new Act. Municipal corporations and district councils are also to be boards of advice, to hold office to the end of the year 1886. The Governor may appoint boards of advice after that date, and may supply vacancies occurring at any time. The boards of advice are to report neglect of compliance with the requirements of the Act, to report generally and to make sug gestions. Penalty for noncompliance by an owner or occupier of land to fulfil the requirements of the Act is provided, viz., a tine of not less than £5 nor more than £50. Clause 10 provides for payment to a lessee at the expiry of his lease of the full value of rabbit-proof fence erected by him. Clause 11 allows a lessee, who may be_ required under the revised Act of 1879 to destroy rabbits, to surrender his lease in preference to complying with the requirement; but 'this clause Is not to apply to those the terms of whose lease covenant for the destruction of vermin. This is an important clause, but it seems to be perfectly fair and reasonable. The owner of infested land is to be made liable to pay half the cost of a rabbit proof fence erected by a neighboring owner or occupier of land if notice has been previously given in writing. A certificate signed by two members of boards of advice to the effect that any land is infested is to be evidence in all courts. The very heavy penalty of not lees than £50 nor more than £100 is imposed for the wilful damage or removal of any rabbit-proof fence—we presume by any person not being the owner of the same, though that is not said, and the clause seems to make an owner liable for removing or injuring his own fence. A penalty of from 10s. to £50 is also provided for the offence of leaving rabbit-proof gates open. The provisions of the Babbit Suppression Act of 1879 are to be incorporated and read with this Act, which, however, is not to apply to the Northern Territory. On the whole the report is quite as favorable to the required principles of the Bill as could be expected after the speeches that were made in the Legislative Council when the Bill was under discussion ; and it is to be hoped that the Council will pass the Bill as amended as quickly as possible that a stop may be put to the present extravagant expenditure. Whatever sympathy we may feel for the editor of the Soutli Australian Times per sonally in the unfortunate position in which he is placed by the verdict of the jury who yesterday found him guilty of defamatory libel, we cannot dissent from the verdict, nor justify the kind of criti cism on account of which action was taken against the Times. In point of law the publisher of the paper was equally respon sible with the editor, but as it had been proved that Mr. McMullen was not aware of the contents of the article till it an peared In the issue of the Times, and as Mr. Barrow admitted the authorship, tiie Crown Solicitor acted wisely in entering a nolle proseqiii in Mr. McMollen's case. Had a verdict been found against him it would have been universally felt that law and justice in this instance were at variance— a result always to be deplored and always injurious in its influence. An elaborate process was yesterday resorted to, after the manner of the courts, to prove the meaning of the paragraph com plained of. But its meaning was unmis takable, and to any ordinary reader it conveyed the accusation against Mr. TomMnson that he had been lavish in expenditure in lus candidature for a seat in the Legislative Council because of personal interest in the Phillips Ponds railway, the construction of which he hoped tobe able to assist in securing, and the sanction of which would, it was said, in volve a gross fraud upon the people of the colony. The accusation certainly was a very grave one, and if believed would seriously damage the reputation of the man .against whom it was made. We do not say that under no circumstances would a journalist be justified in mairing such comments, but it would only be when he had assured himself on testimony which in his opinion could not be impeached of the accuracy of the statements, and when by their publication he would serve the public interests. In such a case, whatever might be its pre cise legal aspect, we believe the probability is that a jury would acquit, and we are quite sure the journalist who exposed the jobbery would have the moral support of the community to back him. The peculiarity of the present case, how ever, is that there was no kind of evidence forthcoming to sustain the charge against Mr. Tomkinson's integrity. Mr. Barrow may have believed that the facia were as his comments indicated, but surely that was a very insufficient warrant for publicly making accusations damning to any gentleman's reputation. It is not necessary to say that we most earnestly maintain the principle of the liberty of the press ; and we believe that the public interests are best served when it is untrammelled as much as is con sistent with justice. But in the case of the press, as in that of other institutions, liberty may be abused and degenerate into licence. The press therefore should be untrammelled so long as it respects the rights of the individual and serves the public interests. More than this it has no right to ask. Now in the present instance we are bound to say tliat these conditions were not fulfilled. We give Mr. Barrow credit for believing that in what he wrote he was serving the public interests, but he certainly did Dot respect the rights of the individual. Those rights demanded that before publishing statements ?o derogatory he should have been absolutely assured of the facts. The editor who exposes fraud and jobbery committed again?t the body politic will not lack support. But he who substitutes vilifica tion for fair criticism must be prepared to accept tiie consequences. Mr. Tomkin son is a gentleman whose idiosyncrasies invite criticism, and sometimes provoke reproof; but his lengthy public career in this colony is without the reproach of anything inconsistent with the strictest integrity and uprightness of character. He is entitled therefore to the treatment that such a record deserves, and we cannot approve the criticism that ignores the fact. At the same time we are mistaken in our estimate of Mr. Tomkinson if, now that his own reputation has been amply vindicated, he does not magnanimously use the influence which his position as prosecutor in this case gives him to in duce the court to deal as leniently as pos sible with the erring journalist, upon whom we feel sure the lesson will not be lost. In the House of Assembly on Tuesday there was much cry and little wool. Mr. Bees asked if Mr. Copinger bad been retained in the Northern Territory to defend the Biver Daly murderers after the original retainer had been given to Mr. H. D. Beresford by Mr. Justice Pater. The Minister of Education said that Mr. Beresford was only retained for the pur poses of the late trial, and that Mr. Copinger was acting at the request of the pro tector of aborigines. The Commissioner of Crown Lands announced that no townships had been yet surveyed on the Sflverton line of railway; also that arrangements would be made to open the Silverton line in sections as completed. The Newspaper Postage Bill was read a first time. The House then went into Committee of Ways and Means to consider the stamp taxes, and the increased probate and succession duties. There were immediate signs of a squall brew ing. Before the fust line was put from the chair ominous enquiries were made by various members as to when would be the most convenient time to move an amend ment on the taxation proposals. By common consent it was agreed that there was no time like the present for the discussion of little differences of opinion. After some far ther suggestions had been dropped that the Treasurer should let the House know exactly what the financial position was, Mr. Newland made the most successful and succinct state ment which he has delivered since he has been in office. He showed that the net result of the alterations in the tariff had been to leave the expected receipts from Customs at just about the figure at which he first set them down. There would at any rate be no such excess as would warrant the waiving of some other system of taxation to assist in the exhausting performance of "making both ends meet." He very wisely discarded the bundle of notes with which he had provided himself, and after he had worried through the figures in detail, deprecated in a few well chosen words the severe criticisms to which "one so yonng in office" had been subjected—not so much by the House, which had shown him every consideration, but by the press. At the conclusion of his statement the discussion on the taxation proposals became genera), and in consequence of a suggestion that fell from Mr. Glyde Mr. Symon asked whether the Government would defer the whole subject till after the Estimates had been dealt with. The Treasurer declined to reply off-hand, but Mr. Symon still pressing his query the Commissioner of Public Works (tot Up and explained that the Premier had been obliged to go home ill, and that in his absence the other members of the Ministry were not prepared to take the responsibility on co important a point of policy of committing themselves to the course proposed. The Com missioner went on to say that personally he rather liked the stamp tax, because it would fall so heavily upon himself, a sentiment which called forth from Mr. Symon the retort that he would not like to Bit on the same Treasury benches with a gentleman of "so angelic a temperament," and the House generally wore a "tell-that-to-the-marines" sort of look. Eventually it was resolved to postpone the whole matter for title present, and with an air of conscious virtue caused by the evident im pression that a lot of useful work had been done the House adjourned before the tea hour. The Treasurer win move in the Assembly on Tuesday next for leave to bring in a BUI to promote the breeding of oysters and to regulate oyster fisheries. Mr. Rounsevell will ask the Attorney- General in the House of Assembly today whether instructions have been issued to dis continue tiie further enrolment of volunteers. m A motion, "That it is desirable in the in terests of the State and of the borrowing com munity to establish a public national bank of issue for South Australia," will be submitted by Mr. Caldwell in the House of Assembly on Wednesday, October 28. An enquiry as to whether the Government have taken any steps to procure from the Imperial Government a training ship for the Reformatory boys, in accordance with the request of the Destitute Board, will be made by Mr. Furner in the House of Assembly this afternoon. Mr. Coles will move in the Assembly this afternoon—"That in the opinion of this House it is desirable the offer for settlement of disputes between the Government and die Eapunda Marble and Building Company, contained in the letter from Messrs. Symon, BakeweD, & Symon to the Crown Solicitor, dated 23rd September; 1885, should be referred to arbitration. The Newspaper Postage Amendment Act was introduced in the House ot Assembly on Tuesday and read a first time. The new schedule of rates is as follows:—lnland—For every newspaper, id.; foreign—For every newspaper to New South Wales, Victoria, Western Australia, Queensland, Tasmania, New Zealand, or Fiji, |d.; other foreign, for every newspaper, Id. In "addition to any postage to be collected under arrangements Kith other Governments. Inland and foreign —To""New South Wales, Victoria, Western Australia, Queensland, Tasmania, New Zea land, or Fiji, d posted in bait, Id, per lb., or faction thereof. The charge to be levied on theaggregateactnai weight** the parcels lodged At any one time. When posted otherwise than by a registered newspaper publisher or news vendor, for each copy, $d. The Attorney-General became so unwell on Tuesday afternoon that he was obtiged to leave his place in the House of Assembly and go home. We understand that Mr. Downer is suffering from a return of his old complaint, but Dr. Whittell is in hopes that his patient will not have to be confined to his bed. Mr. Downer's sudden disappearance from the Assembly took many members very much by surprise. The Hon. W. Wadham moved in the Upper House on Tuesday for the production of a return showing the amount paid for short hand [reporting for each Select Committee of the Council during Hie last three years. As soon as the motion was agreed to the Presi dent laid the return on the table, and it showed that during the years 1882, 1883, and 1884 £25165. hadheen thus paid, Mr. J. F. Conigrave receiving the whole of it, A little additional light was thrown upon the outer harbor question by & return placed on the table of the Upper House on Tuesday after noon in accordance with the Hon. G. W. Cotton's motion on September 30. It appears that the facilities at present existing for the landing of passeng?TS, mails, and cargo at Port Victor are afew small boats and some cargo lighters. At Glenelg the business is conducted by tugboats, steam launches, and cargo lighters. Apian was also given showing the depth at low water inshore at Marino harbor, with soundings continued seaward to such a distance as would enable the largest ocean steamer to anchor there in safety. The plan was taken from the survey of Staff-Commander H. J. Stanley, R.N., with some additional soundings to seaward. A spot was indicated on the plan by Captain Ferguson (president of the Marine Board) as being in his opinion a safe place for tie largest ocean steamer to anchor. It extends almost due north and south, the northern extremity inshore being abont 1,540 yards from the coast, and the southern a little over 960 yards. In breadth the spot specified was about C6O yards, and in length a little over half a mile. The depths within this area range from 39 to 41 feet at low water, spring tides. It was rumored in the city on Tuesday after noon that serious defalcations had been found in the accounts of the Permanent Equitable Building and Investment Society, whose offices are in Gresham-street, off Hindley street. Some asserted that the sum went into four figures. On enquiry we learnt that Mr. W. D. Hewer, who for some years has been secretary of the society, had been arrested on a warrant and incarcerated at the Adelaide Police-station, the charge being that he had embezzled the sum of £438, the funds of the society. We understand that Mr. C. C. Kingston has been retained for the defence, but the case will not be brought before the Police Court to-day. On Tuesday evening Messrs. Bury and Nason, the society's auditors, were busily engaged in examining the accounts of the institution, but the result of their investigation has not transpired. The contract for the construction of the iron work of bridges on the Hergott and Strang- wags Springs railway has been let to a colonial tenderer, Mr. Edwin Smith of Port Adelaide, the price being £15,554 Is. 9d. Five South Australian firms tendered for the work, Mr. R. Lindsay heading the list with £30,174 Is. 6d. The names of the the English tenderers are not given in the Government Gazette, but it is said there was a remarkable coincidence in the official estimates and the home ten- ders. The want of these bridges has materially delayed the construction of the railway, and it will be the middle of next year before any of the bridge ironwork will be ready for erection. Temporary crossings of rails and sleepers are being made over all large culverts and short gaps, and in the case of huge openings a temporary line has been laid on the bed of the creek. The per manent way is now laid nearly twenty miles out from the Hergott, and the culverts finished for nearly ten miles father. The earthwork gangs_ extend to nearly the sixtieth mile, the majority of the men working near the southern shore of Lake Eyre. The lakes will afford passengers a pleasant contrast to the eye after the desert-like appearance of the surrounding country. The following report on the alleged discovery of stream tin at Stunsailboom River, Kangaroo Island, has been made by the assistant Government geologist (Mr. H. P. Woodward): —"Messrs. Harper and Woods accompanied me to the locality, which is situated on the beach about a mile west of the mouth of Stun- sailboom River, but as the sea had piled up a large quantity of sand we had to sink several holes to try the sand at the bottom, but in this we could get no prospects. The rocks in the district are granite conglomerates, dipping north-east, with dykes of coarse tourmaline granite crossing them at right ?mgi?? 1 the whole being covered by beds of travertine lime stone. The rivers flow through large alluvial flats, which should be prospected in {Reference to the beach, as there is more probability of tin being found there if it exists in the neigh borhood. The district altogether has a very promising appearance for tin and other minerals, but up to the present only one \- specimen of stream tin has been sent in by Mr. Woods, and so far as I can ascertain this is the only specimen which has been discovered." Dr. Schomburgk desires us to inform the public that the Botanical Gardens will in future be open on Sundays from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. At the Adelaide Police Court on Tuesday morning the charge against J. M. Kings- borough of stealing £550 from Jane Weeks was dismissed, no one appearing to prosecute. Mr. Henry Y. L. Brown (Government geologist) returned to Adelaide from Silverton and the district on Monday after a somewhat extended trip. His report has not yet we understand been handed in to the Government. With reference to the establishment of tele graphic communication with Curramulka, the following congratulatory message was received on Tuesday afternoon by Mr.R. Caldwell, M.P., from nine residents m the district:—" On behalf of the Curramulka and surrounding districts we congratulate you on the extension of telegraphic communication to Curramulka," At a meeting of subscribers to the Wood- ville Institute on Monday evening Messrs. W. R. Birks and Robt. Dixson and the Rev. C. G. Taplin were elected members of the com mittee, and the Hon. Dr. A. Campbell, M.L.C., the Hon. D. Murray, M.L.C., and Mr. D. Bower, M.P., were nominated to re present the country institutes on the board of governors of the Public Library, Museum, and Art Gallery. Mr. J. Shaw (sub-inspector of police) has re ceived the following telegram from Mr. C. Clendinnen, dated Meningie, October 13:— " Dead body of man named Robert Cummings, lately employed rabbiting here, found on road to-day, a mile from township, with throat cut. Open razor alongside right hand. Evidently case of suicide. Full particulars reported to Mr. Allen McFarlane, J.P., who deemed in quest unnecessary, and granted certificate." Port Augusta has already sent off 18,803 bales of this season's wool (says the local paper of Monday), and will probably export nearly as much more. The steamer Delcomyn, which was the first wool ship to depart, took 1,247 bales, the Oaklands followed with 5,010, the steamer Australasian took 3,018, the Ascalm left on Saturday morning with 4,799, the City of Adelaide on Sunday with 4,009 bales, and the Kooringa (Elder's line) is advertised by Tassie & Co., the local agents, to arrive shortly and take in wool. We are informed by the registrar of the Ade- laide University that no nominations of candi- dates to fill the two vacancies on the board of governors of the Public Library, Museum, and Art Gallery of South Australia have been re- ceived. Under the Public Library, Museum, and Art Gallery Act of 1884, the University has a right to elect annually two representa tives, who must be members of the University, to seats on the board. Last year the Hon. W. A. E. West-Erskine, M.A., M.L.C. and Pro- fessor lamb, M.A.,F.R.S., were elected by the University as its representatives. An old woman named Mary Connell met with an accident at Morphett vale on Satur- day evening, October 10, by which she sus- tained a severe compound fracture of the leg. Unfortunately she delayed going to the Ade- laide Hospital till Tuesday, when the injured limb had to be amputated at the thigh. Dr. Poulton remarks—"This case is an example of many who meet with accidents in the coun- try, and who instead of proceeding at once to the hospital delay perhaps for several days, while their friends seek for a subscriber's recommendation, although none is asked for if the injury is in any way severe." The monthly meeting of the South Aus- tralian Sunday-school Union was held in the Y.M.C.A. boardroom on Monday evening. ' There was a large attendance, and Mr. Thos. Rhodes (vice-president) filled the chair. The visitation committee reported having visited three Wesleyan, one Baptist, and two Bible Christian schools since hist meeting. The, various sub-committees presented their annual reports, and these with the draft general report it was resolved to lay before the executive com mittee prior to the final presentation. Reports were received as to thirteen essays sent in on "The Model Sunday-school." The Parkside Wesleyan School was admitted to the union. Last week a meeting of Gawler resi- dents was held in the institute, Gawler, for the purpose of considering the best way to mark their respect for the memory of the late Mr. R. Fotheringham. The meeting was ad journed till Monday, October 12, when the mayor (Mr. L. S. Burton) presided. During a conversation which took place it was elicited that whilst residing in Gawler the deceased did a great deal of good for the tows in a prirate troy. Ultimately it m? ; determined that as Kapunda was already collecting for a memorial Gawler should asm* that place so as to have * really good mm instead of two separate memorials. A narrow escape from drowning occurred at Port Augusta on Saturday afternoon. A sailing match had been arranged between the Bella and the Endymion. Both boats were opposite Gooch's Jetty, almost ready to start, when in bringing up the Bella a squall struck her. She consequently missed stays, the ballast shifted, and she went down. Of the three occupants, two of them, Messrs. J. Herd and Kinnane, could swim, and struck out for shore, but the other, Mr. Humphries, was unable to swim and was in imminent danger of drowning, the sea bang rough. Mr. R. Higgins was, however, near with his boat, and instantly pulled to the rescue, just in time to save Humphries, who, beyond being consider- ably frightened was none the worse for his ducking. A number of ratepayers of Unley waited on Mr. W. Shierlaw at his office, Hindley-street, on Tuesday morning to present a memorial asking him to allow himself to be nominated as a candidate for the position of mayor of that own. Mr. Fleming introduced the depots^ ion and read the memorial, which was numerously eiened by ratepayers. Messrs. Mackie, Coles, Jarvis, Sowden, and Lennington having endorsed the remarks con tained in the memorial, Mr. Shierlaw thanked the deputation for waiting upon him, and stated that it was his intention to comply with their request. With reference to the alloca tion of tiie corporation funds to the ?iiff?mfmt wards mentioned by one speaker, he said that he was and always had been in favor of that system. At the first annual examination of the Architectural Students' Association recently held the following three candidates (out o€ six) were successful in passing:—Messrs. Frank H. Counsell, Alfred M.Bonython, and Hedley A. Dunn. In order to pass it is neces- sary that the candidates should satisfy the examiners in four of the following subjecte, the first two being compulsory:—l. Measured sketch, including a perspective of some exist- ing building or part of building. 2. Construc- tion. 3. History of the architecture of Europe, which includes making sketches from memory in any style named by examiner. 4. Mathe- matics. 5. Professional practice, law of con- tracts, &c.; 6\. Strength of materials. The examiners were Mr. E. Davies for subjects 1 and 3, Mr. E. J. Woods (Architect-in-Chief) for subject 2, Mr. S. Churchward, B.A., for subject 4, and Messrs. J. Cumming and E. W. Wright far the last two subjects respectively. A meeting of the University Shakespeare Society was held at the University library on Tuesday evening. The attendance was larger than at any previous meeting this year, the room being comfortably filled. On the motion of Mr. J. F. Cleland, seconded by Mr. J, C. Wharton, it was resolved that a record of the proceedings of the society should be kept with a view of inducing persons living at a distance and others who could not regulariy attend the meeting to become affiliated wiiih the society. The read ing of "Hamlet" was then proceeded with, and owing to the wish of the members to finish it in one evening, several unimportant passages were omitted. The principal dramaiitpenonm were as follow:—Hamlet, Professor Boulger, M.A. ; King, Dean Russell ; Polonius, the Rev. F. Whitington ; Horatio, Mr. J. B. Short ; Laertes, Mr. Bottrill ; Rosencrantz, Mr: A. J. Roberts ; Marcellus, Mr. F. H. Clarke ; Bernardo, Mr. A. H. Champion ; first grave- digger, Mr. H. Wyatt ; second gravedigger, Mr. A. Inksley ; ghost, the Rev. W. F. Hopkins ; Queen of Denmark, Mrs. Boulger ; and Ophelia, Mrs. Kelsey. The reading passed off very successfully, and great interest in the recital was manifested by all present. The following account of a determined suicide in the north has been forwarded to us by a Cowarie correspondent:—On Wednes day, September 24, as Dr. Dunlop, in company with Police-trooper Panton and a blackfellow, was travelling north near Wycalooona, they were met by a messenger from Cannatulkuma head-station on his way to Hergott to report the suicide of one of the station hands at the Emu camp-out station on the previous night. The man, whose name was Wm. Mates, had been drinking heavily, and although he had twice threatened to shoot him- self, still, as he did so in a jocular manner, no attention was paid to his threats. At about 3 a.m,, however, his companions heard a shot, and on looking out of the tent found Mates lying on the ground, bleeding profusely from the nose and month, and apparently dead. Dr. Dunlop reached Emu camp on Saturday, October 26, and found the body lying as it had fallen. It was much decomposed, and a revolver lay near the left hand containing an empty cartridge and one not exploded. On further examina- tion a bullet wound was found piercing the base of the skuU at the back of the mouth, and passing to the back of the head. The shot must have been deliberate, as neither the teeth nor the tongue were injured, and death must have been instantaneous. Short periods of great heat are not unusual in the far north at this early period of the summer (writes our Hergott correspondent), but seldom has a more faying tune been chronicled than that experienced on Monday and Tuesday of last week. In the shade the thermometer reached about 109?, and the air was most oppressive and sultry. An almost unbearable hot blast passed over just before daybreak on Tuesday, rousing very many people from their restless slumbers. The thermometer gradually continued rising until the afternoon, and in many places people were compelled to cease their out-of-door labors. Oa the Strangways Springs railway works, one poor young fellow named William P. Watcham was so overcome by the excessive strain that he expired about noon. The deceased had only been sent to Hergott by the Public Works Department a few days before, with other late arrivals from South Africa, having , very recently taken his discharge from the Cape Mounted Rifles, and come to this colony in the barque Chittoor from Fort Donald, near Durban, NataL In the early morning he complained of illness, but set out to work with his gang. About noon it was seen by his ganger that he had taken a turn for the worse, and a message was at once sent in to Hergott for assistance. This was promptly forwarded by the resident engineer, but in the meantime the poor fellow died. A trolly was procured, and the body brought in to the railway hospital, where it was examined by the resident medical officer (Dr. James H. Powell). Mr. J. D. Lawlor, J.P., made enquiries, and, feeling satisfied on the doctor's certificate that there was no need for an inquest, gave an order for burial. A public meeting of the ratepayers of Brighton was held in the local town hall on Tuesday evening, the mayor (Mr. F. D. Jeffreys) presiding over a fair attendance. The chairman explained that the object of'the meeting was to confirm the action of the town council in levying a special rate of threepence in the pound to obtain the money necessary to pay the interest on the loan of £2,000 raised for the erection of the jetty Mid for its main tenance. The ratepayers had in February last by a poll confirmed tiie advisableness of erect ing the jetty, and at the same time they sanc tioned a loan of £2,000 for that purpose. Since then the loan had been raised, the contract had been signed, and the work was now in a fair state of progress. The money they asked for was required to meet the interest on the loan and the current expenses. This rate was a necessary corollary to the previous resolutions, and it would be absurd for them to raise any opposition to it Mr. J. H. LuanooK moved —"That the meeting heartily approve of, and confirm the action of the council in levying the rate." The council had carried out the wishes of the town in proceeding with the erection of the jetty. The present rates were little enough for the requirements of the neighborhood, and this rate would go far towards making several roads which were in a bad state. It would also be necessary to pay the interest(£l2o)ontheloan. Mr. A.E.Marval in seconding the motion pointed out that they had something to tiie good since the matter had hist been discussed, as he understood that the Marine Board had allowed them to rent the foreshore on which to erect the jetty at £5 per annum instead of £20, as had originally been expected. He hoped they would heartily support the corporation. Mr. W. Edwards, juu, moved-"Tfa?t the interest should be paid out of the ordinary shilUng rate," which was seconded by Mr. W. Edwards, sen., who commented somewhat severely on the itn""""" in which the roads were attended to. The Mayor pointed out that as the Government policy was to do away with grante-in- aid to corporations at an early date, it would be very unwise, to agree to an amend ment of this description. On being put to the meeting, however, the amendment was carried by a majority of 20 to 3. The Gawler Congregational Church cele brated its thirty-fourth anniversary on Sunday and Monday last. Successful Sunday services were conducted by the Revs. W. Jones (pastor) and R. S. Caseley. On Monday an excellent tea was provided and partaken of by a large number of visitors. The tea was followed by a public meeting, held in the church and presided over by Mr. B, Searle (ex-president of the union), Mr. Doolette, the president, having been unable to take the position through ill- health. The chairman addressed the congregation on the unused power there was in the church, urging the people to seek assistance from on high, so that the power that was in their midst might be developed. The Rev. W. Jones congratulated the church oa its position. Although there had been many removals of their members, still they were in advance of last year. He paid a tribute of praise to the services of their organist, Mr. Davies, and alluded to the satisfactory state of the organ fund. Mr. B. E. Deland (treasurer) presented his balance-sheet, which showed—Receipts, £415 3s. ; disbursemente, £431 lls. Bd.; on account of building expen diture, £57185. 7d., toward which a cheque for £20had been received; organist fund re ceipts £50, payments £12. Ec was glad to report the church out of debt, but trusted that nevertheless they would not Blacken their hands. The Rev. J. E. Harrison, of Mount Lofty, delivered an instructive and interesting address, giving as a motto for them to wotk from, "Go forward." Mr. Holder, of Stow Memorial Church, then addressed the meeting on the subject of the jubilee fund, telling the jieople that as it was first mooted in their church two years ago they should feel ltecnliarly interested in it. In com bating some of the adverse arguments he said it was stated that those churches who were most in favor of the fund were most in debt In the course of his remarks he said they saw their way clear to £LB,O(W. The Rev. R. S. Casely having spoken, a com prehensive vote of thanks brought the meeting toacloEe, During the proceedings, and just after Mr. Davies had played an organ solo, Mr. Searle paid a high tribute of praise to the instrument, and congratulated t&e; congrega tion on their acquisition. The collections at the services amounted to £40 4s. lOi. There was a moderate attendance at the Theatre Royal on Tuesday evening, when Emerson's minstrels successfully repeated their Saturday's programme. There was a crowded house at the Academy of Music on Tuesday evening, when the same programme was presented as on the previous evening, to the approbation of all present. The performance will be repeated to-night On Tuesday evening the Rev.R. E. Crad- dock delivered a lecture on the temperance question in the Bible Christian Church, Bowden. There was a good attendance, and the Mayor of Hindmarsh (Dr. J. Rees) pre- sided. Referring to our article on bread and its constituents in Tuesday's Advertiser Messrs. A. & W. D. Thomas, of Grenfell-street, adver tise that they are nuking whole-meal bread from meal ground specially for it. As we pointed out yesterday, from a nutritious point of view this kind of bread is much more valuable than the ordinary white loaf. The Rev. W. R. Hiddlestone delivered his lecture on "Sermons in Candles" in the Working Men and Women's Mission Hall, Port Adelaide, on Tuesday evening, Mr. W. S. Dowsett presiding over a large attendance. The platform presented a novel appearance, being plentifully decorated with candles of various degrees of length and thickness, and of nearly every conceivable hue. With these tiie lecturer illustrated hif remarks, and he was very successful in retaining the attention of the audience throughout The lecture was interspersed with vocal selections by Mr. Hiddlestone. A very pleasing ceremony took place on Monday evening at the meeting of Court Homely Retreat, A.O.F., when P.C.R. Bro. W. Dearman was presented with an address and a gold medal from the members of Court Siverton. There were about thirty brethren present, including the district officers. The D.C.R. (Bro. A. Klauer), in making the pre sentation, referred to the many estimable qualities of Bro. Dearman, and to the valuable services rendered by him to the order. The address read as follows: —"Sir and Brother— We the undersigned officers on behalf of the Court Riverton beg your acceptance of the accompanying souvenir as a small token of our appreciation of your kindness in cheer fully and gratuitously representing our court at the district meeting for the past ten years, and as an indication of our esteem for you as a brother Forester. Trusting your pleasure in receiving will equal ours in presenting it, and wishing yon future happiness and prosperity, we remain, yours fraternally, Charles Kelly, C.R., W. H. Roach, S.C.R., B. Norton, jun., secretary." Bro. Dearman responded in suitable terms. Tea and public meetings were held at the Baptist Church, Gawler, on Monday evening, October 12, tie occasion being the presentation of a memorial to Mr. W. Malcolm, late super- intendent of the Sabbath-school, on his resign- ing that position. The meeting was presided over by the Rev. S. Howard (pastor), who in a few appropriate remarks made the presenta- tion, which took the form of an address printed in gold and handsomely framed. The address was as follows:—" We, the under- signed officers and teachers of the Gawler Baptist school, cannot allow you to relinquish the position you have so long and ably filled without expressing our deep gratitude for the many valuable services you have rendered in many directions in connection with our school. We deeply regret that your failing health and business engagements necessitate the severance, and we are sensible of the loss we are sustain- ing therefrom. We also desire to express our sympathy with you in the severe personal affliction which it has pleased our Heavenly Father to permit to visit you, and which in part we feel has contributed to bring about the issue we deplore. At the same time we earnestly hope that the relinquishment of some portion of your labor will lead to the restoration of your health, so that you may be again per- mitted to work in the Sunday-school, and in other work of God. In conclusion permit us to express the hope that the tie which has bound us together through many happy and prosperous years may be in no wise destroyed notwithstanding the discontinuance of your active labors. With best regards to yourself and family, and praying that the divine bless- ing may guide yon in all your future move- ments, we are, dear sir, an behalf of the school— S. Howard, pastor; W. S. Bennett, superin- tendent ; J. Busbridge, deputy-superintendent; G. Moore, treasurer ; J. W. Gray, secretary— Gawler, October 12, 1885." Mr. Malcolm having in suitable terms acknowledged the gift, proceeded to give his listeners some advice on school work. Some addresses were de- livered, and music and recitations helped to pass a couple of hours very pleasantly away. The prizes won at the third quarterly rifle match m connection with L Company V.M.F. Rifle Club were handed over to the successful competitors at the Duke of Wellington Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Tuesday evening. Lieut- Colonel Madley presided, and after making a few remarks to the men, in which he urged them to pay more attention to voluntary drills, he presented the prizes. The following were the scores:—Sergeant Kightley, 40 points; Sergeant Bailey, 39; Private G. Smith, 36; Private G. A. Payne, 35; Lance-corporal Kelly, 84; Corporal LeLeu, 33; Captain Fowler, 32 ; Private Holm, 32; Private Byron, 31; Color-sergeant Bambridge, 30; Private G. Bell, 26; Private E. Hains, 26; Private Brooks, 26; Private Gordon, 25; Private W. H. Ben- nett, 24; Private E. Smith. 24; Private Key, 22 ; Private Andrews, 21 ; Private Kessell, 20 ; Private Ivey, 20; Private Chappell, 18 ; Private Campbell, 18; Lieut. Muecke, 16 ; Private Thessinger, 15; Private Walker, 15 ; Sergeant Fergusson, 15; Private J. Beggs. 11; Private E. Nelson, 10; Private M. Wilson, 9; Bugler Bainbridge, 7; Private J. Bennett, 3. Captain Fowler complimented the men on the fair scores made considering the unfavor able state of the weather on the day of the firing. He intended in future to divide the dub into three classes for shooting, and three good trophies would be offered in each class. He had already been promised a three-guinea -trophy to be fired for. The handicapping for the matches would be arranged by Mr. A. P. Hall. The club at tne present time consisted of thirty-two men, of whom thirty-one took prizes in the last competition. Lieutenant Muecke and himself had given up their prizes and purchased trophies, which were awarded to the two highest scorers. Mr.T. J. King (mayor of the Port) apologised for the absence of Mr. I D. Bower, M. P. He recommended the men to pay attention to the orders of their officers, and do all they could to make themselves efficient. Mr. W. E. Mattinson, M.P., pro- mised to give a trophy of three guineas. Mr. A. Martin, the late captain of the company, also spoke. Tbe Deering reaper and twine-binder can be seen at Mr. L. Conrad's Lower light farm to-day. The annual conversazione in connection with Christ Church will take place in the North Adelaide Institute this evening. Anniversary tea and public meetings in connection with tbe Flinders-street Baptist Sunday-school will take place this evening. 