Our New Governor. AFTER a very pleasant voyage from the old country Lord Carrington arrived in Sydney to-day, and to morrow he will be officially welcomed by the people, and will enter upon the duties of his office. If the weather to morrow should be fine, the Circular Quay and the route to Government House is certain to be crowded by a mass of human beings, representing all classes in the community. Tho people are in a high state of expectancy in regard both to Lord and Lady Carrington, and if all that has been said of them is correct their expectations are not likely to be disappointed. It is said, and probably the statement is true, that Lord Rosberry had a great deal to do with Lord Carrington's appointment. That keen observer puid us a visit. During the few weeks that he spent amongst us he succeeded in getting a clear insight into our circumstances, and he formed an accurate opinion as to the class of men who were needed at the head of our affairs. He recognised especially that the colonies were approaching a crisis in their history, and that it depended a good deal upon the kind of Governors we had, whether they drew closer to the Imperial Centre, or sot up on their own account. A strong supporter of the Imperial sentiment, he therefore used his influence to get Lord Carrington ap pointed as the successor of Lord Augustus Loftus, because he believe 1 that the effect of tho ' appointment would ' bo to preserve Imperial unity. Unless the accounts of him which we have received are unreliable, Lord Carrington has the qualification needed to accomplish this object. That he will provo An efficient and capable man in the discharge of the political duties that will devolve upon him may bo taken for granted. Ho has for years moved in . a circle in which no man is allowed to " romain who is not endowed with the. qualities of caution and tact. These are the qualities that aro most needed by a colonial Governor in tho discharge of the political functions of his office ; and, therefore the official who possesses them cannot easily fail. It will be, however, in social matters that, Lord Carrington will be most conspicu ous, and probably most influential. He intends to effect, if possible, a great change in our social conditions ; and it cannot be denied that the chango is needed.- Mr. Sala has told the public in several of his recently published articles on Australia, , that the wealthy people in tho colonies do not enter tain. Tho life lcd by this class is, lie asserts, colourless and unattractive. The energies are, used up in the business of life, and none are left for the culture of pleasure. There is here a,good field for usefulness open to Lord Carrington, and also for ' his wife, whose praises, by tho way, have been loudly sung, and it is well that they are going to occupy it. Some prudent souls who : have heard about his Excellency's horses and drags, his plate, his servunts, and his numerous companions, have expressed the fear that he will introduce an era of extravagance.: They may banish their fears. If his example should have tho effect of causing mote money to be spent by wealthy people, in multiply ing rational pleasures, and in increasing the joys of existence, it will do a good work. His appointment is one which the h ¡ghost in the Empire might covet. To bo placed at the head of a country throbbing with vitality, and swiftly hastening on to dignity and renown-to a proud position amongst the nations of the world, what higher honour could an Englishman desire 1 May Lord Carrington prove himself worthy of the distinction that hos been conferred upon him. -.Eolio.' 