LAl>y IMVBMHM/S SECRET. CI I AFTER - XXX III. CoNtiNun. Ghosts!—the Lord save us! What, put —them ia.your head.'?' I m li PI1? .onb' lho fitness of things, j There ■ oifghtWbe ghosts in this good old house ! It would "not be right otherwise! I'm not a bit afraid of them, so you may tell me the worst without hesitation.' I liKS Not .afraid of thom !—then yottr the'only person I have heard saj' the like,' said Mrs. Bonner, surveying' Lady Ravenhill : with' wide-eyed incredulity. 'As for me^ the very thought of them makes me shake ail over like a shape of jelly! I've seen ond,' she added in a mysterious whisper, not wholly devoid of triumph. ....... ..'.Seen one ! Oh, Mrs. Bonner, then tell fyne.- at once all about it. What a lucky •! ' woman you were !' ' I did not think myself over and above .lucky at the time,' said Mrs. Bonner, grimly. I?*'I- wished myself anywhere else, I can tell you!' ' Now do begin and tell me all about it, for I'm dying to hear a real ghost story from 1L the lips of a person who has actually seen the ghost herfelf! Come, go on,' and thus V. encouraged, Mrs. Bonner hitched her chair a little nearer, cleared her throat two or three times, and began to relate her crack ' story—a story which everyone in the village had already heard at least a dozen times:— ; 'You must know, mum,' she said, 'that j. when I was a young girl I was nurse in a grand family in the West of England—the Trogarvcns of Trcgarven Place—and a mighty old, grand place it was! If you were to see that, you would not think the Grange anyway out of tho common. Such : big stairs and little rooms and narrow pas sages, and cellars going underneath to the ;- sea—it heat everything I It was as lonely '■ as lonely could be ; standing in a big, ramb ' ' ling park, sloping down to the seashore, with' all sorts cf bays and creeks running into it. It had a desperate bad name for ghosts, and no servant in that side of the countjy wculd stay in it for gold untold, bo , that is how a stranger like me came to be jXihere. But I got rare, good wages, and I had a stout, heart, being as you are now yourself, and Bonner, he was there too, as v. kind of bailiff, under the head man. His lj.ther and mother were living in those days. . Well, to make a long story short, as the . 'Saying is, Mr. Tregarven was a widower, j. ..with one little boy, whom I minded, and two grown-up young ladies of about eigh teen and nineteen. Sweetly pretty they were, as ever you saw, Miss Rose and Miss , Mabel; just home from school—finished, . as they call it. The master was away at the ""time I am talking of, and there was only the ladies and little Arthur at the house, and me and the other servants, not so many of them as they might have been—not for the ' 'want of plenty of wages and advertisements, btit a lot had just cleared out in a, body, snying they would lose their money and , discharges and everything, but they , couldn't put «x> with the White Lady any "longer.' ' The White Lady! Was that what they called it I' said Eleanor, stirring up the fire •("into a fine,'cheerful blaze. ' Aye, it was. At some times she was worse, and walked more than others. Dark winter and autumn nights she walked con stant,-and no one dared to go about the house alone; but in the light, bright weather thore was never any sign of her to -bo seen.' " 'And what was she like when she was . seen r\ • She- was very tall, nearly six feet high, and Wore ii large, curled wig, and a lot of hair, over her head down her back; she carried a fan before her face, and all you | Vever saw of that was a pair of wicked black i ■. eyes. She wore a kind of hoop, a white | . satin dress over a grand flowered petticoat; high-heeled shoes, that went clattcr, clatter, vtjp -and.down the stairs, and in her other *£hand she carried a pack of cards.' . Here worthy Mrs. Bonner paused to take J breath. 'Often and often ;had she been seen at comers of passages, or met full face on_thc stairs by the housemaid, going up into the rooms.' 'And no one ever caught her?' cried LadyRaveuhill, with arched eyebrows. ''Caught her 1 Bless you, thoy couldn't cget away from her, near fast enough. They ran like Indians in the other direction ; and the house had now got such a desperate bad character that: Mr. Tregarven was talking ,quite openly of shutting it up, letting the land, and going to live elsewhere. The young ladies liked the place, and were loth to ^le&ye; it,.and were for staying on at any price V though there was this to be said, they,had never seen her, though Miss Mab ''Mab'werc always roving about alone, after dark, as bold as two any lions. \- ' Just at this time, Mrs. Tewson, tho housekeeper, took her neice to mind Master Arthur, and I was promoted to be maid to the young ladies, being smart and handy, ;rind their own having gone off, after a ter rible fit of screeching hysterics. She had seen her, and eoon I was to do lh-j same. I was standing ono evening Lctwcen light and dark in Mab's room, the door wide open, and she with her back to it before the glass, and was just walking over to shut the door, with a dress hanging over my arm, when I hoard a tfrent pi Iter, pitter, pat tor, coming along the corridor, and in another moment ehe was st aiding in the doorway, just as they described. I saw her just as plain as I see yon now—tall, with the cards, and fan and black eyes. She stood for a full minute and g.ized at me, and Hien she parsed on, and left mo feeling as if I would fall in a faint on tho floor. Miss Mab turned round sharp, but sho saw nothing, but she heard the footsteps as plain as I did, and I just made the spring to the door and barred it, ns if she were still outside. I was so frightened I hardly dare creep down stairs, even with Miss Mab walking beside me, and laughing at me as a poor silly goose. 'I did not get over this fright for a good while, but Miss Mab was-so brave, and said that sho would give anything to see, the White Lady that sho made me brave too, in a kind of way; and she had her wish, for she and I were going upstairs a fow even ings afterwards together, just before dinner -1 was carrying up a lot of poor clothing; wo had been hard at work in the afternoon —when, lo and behold! at a turn of the landing wo came straight facc to face with" the Lad)r. There she stood, so close to !us I saw her diamonds glitter in the light, and her eyes flash like fire. No wonder people were afraid of her, and snid she was the wicked Lndy Joan, who spent all her nights at cards, and staked her soul with £*atin and Jost. Miss Mab gave a kind of little start, but she neither shrieked nor ran away. She did what 110 one had ever been known to do before—she faced her, with her head in the air, and said, " Woman or Demon, let me ®'1G c"(^' '"deed, for tho figure was "standing right in the middle of the stairs, and it moved a bit to one side, and she walked up past it, and I—I dare not but follow it for shame, though the sweat stood out in beads on my forehead, and my knees were knocking together so as I could hardly stagger upstairs, but I did'inake ahold rush, and got up on the landing, and dashed after my lady into the room. ' Shut the door, Wood'-—that was my maiden namo— she said, ' and come here, I have something to tell'you.' 11 need not remark that I ."■lammod the door and locked it pretty smart.' ' " Listen to mo, Emma Wood," she says, nodding her head and speaking under her breath. " That what we met on the stairs ju.' t now I" ' " Lor', miss, wasn't it terrific 1" saj's I. " I feel like fainting 1" '"You feel like nothing of the sort, Wood. It was no more a ghost than; you are! It was a human being 1" '* " Gracious powers, Miss Mab 1 how can you say so ? " ' " ^ s<w its oyes; they were living eyes I I heard it breathe. It smelt of onions. Its hands were red, and coarse, and enormous —not like the hands of any lady. Lady Joan in her picture has tiny, woe, white hands, and that woman's on the stairs were like a leg of mutton. I'm the only person who has ever been close to her, I suppose, and not fainted, and it's my opinion that she has her own reasons for haunting the house, and driving us out of it." ' "And what reasons could that be ? " ' " I have an idea, but I won't say at pre sent, my good Emma; but I'm sure we shall see more of the White Woman before long. • She'll come back and try and frighten me in earnest." ' And Miss Mab was right. Two nights later'—and a pitch dark night it were—uhe and Miss Rose were sitting up very late playing cards in a queer little three- cor nered oak room just out of the big hall. It was late—about eleven—and I was main sleepy; and as a kind of hint that it were nigh on bedtime, I carried in their candles, and as I did that Miss Rose looked round, and said, «• We'll be ready in a moment, Emma; we've only to finish this round." They were playing dummy whist, drawn up at a little old card-table by the fire. The words \vero hardly out of her mouth than there was the White Lady in the middle of us, as if she had burst out of the wall. I turned cold all over when she spoke, in a kind of queer, deep, foreign accent, and said, " Will you permit me to take a hand ?" Miss Rosie jumped up as if she had been shot, but Miss Mab was certainly a des perately brave young lady.! She made a grab at tho figure, but in one moment the candles wore blown out, the table overset, and she was gone through the wall just as she had come. ' It took us some time to get over this, I can toll you !—meaning me and Miss Tre garven. Miss Mab, quite cool, lit the candles, picked up the table and cards, and then began going round the room with a light in her hand, examining the wainscot, all oak and in panels, knocking and feeling with her hands. ' " I have it 1 " she called out. " Here is a find 1 Look here I " and sure enongh she held up a tiny bit of white that she found sticking out of a crevice. " Thore's a piece of her petticoat," she said, quite triumphant like, "and there's the secret door. We must find a way to open it to-morrow. Say nothing about it to anyone: and now come to bed." 'Next morning quite early she was down ana spent near two hours fingering and feeling for the spring, and she found it.. It were about eight o'clock, and dusklike still, when the bit of wall like slid by, and there was a stone stair leading somewhere. Will you bolicve it, down.went Miss Mab, and I after her, as in duty bound, with my heart, in my mouth, stealing down till we camo to a great, cold vault place, like a chapel, no one knew of, under the house. It was as full of casks and bales as any custom house, which surprised me a good bit. From that we stole into another place the same, and it was now getting quite light, through long slits of windows, and we crept in among the bales, like two mice, and we saw off this big place a_ lot of littlo rooms, and in one we looked in, and there we saw a bed, a chair, a table, a grand'earved glass, and in front of a big curly wig a pot of white paint, a fan, and hanging on the wail tho White Lady's petticoat and dress, and •nighty grimy they looked in the morning light. [[to be continued.] No ninn ever made nn ill-figuro who under stood his own talents, nor n good ono who mistook liicuj. 