Wodonga & Towong Sentinel "Awake! Arise! Or be for ever fallen!" \- MILTON. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1885. It is related of that fine old English knight, Sir ROGER DE COVERLEY, that when he first took possession of his ancestral home, he found at least half his house uninhabitable. In this room such a one had died, in that a ghost had been seen, and in either case the apartment was shut up. To get over the difficulty, the parson was called in and proper devotional exer cises were performed in order to exor cise the disembodied spirits. Then, and not till then, the knight was master of his own house. A somewhat similar case is the pleasant South Sea practice of tabu. In accordance with the desire of some god or priest, or in con sequence of a passing superstition, a road, or a house, or a field is tabooed. However necessary and useful these might be, they could not be utilised under risk of tremendous pains and penalties till the tabu was removed. We, also, in prosaic Wodonga, have our own little superstitions. There is one subject, a matter of daily conversation in private life, but which it is declared high treason to touch upon publicly. It must not be named at public meet ings or deputations, nor touched upon in the press. Need we say, after all this prelude, that we refer to the sub ject of the border duties. And why is this question not to be dealt with? We are told that the daintiest reference to the existence of smuggling would mortally offend the Customs officials. But why? It does not offend ministers of religion to tell their bishops, spiritual pastors and masters that some of the local sinners slip through their fingers, and that it is desirable to obtain, the services of some noted revivalist to grip them with a sure and sufficient hold. Nor will the officer of police feel annihilated if he be informed that he has not utterly extirpated sly grog selling. The local Customs officials assert that they perform their duties faithfully and well, and they challenge to the issue of a court of law gentlemen in the town whom they only suspect, upon the authority of a newspaper paragraph, of casting a slur upon their vigilance and efficiency. And, besides, no one questions their energy or denies their ability. Clearly, then, there is no reason, so far as the local Customs officers are concerned, and accepting their own description of their vigilance, why the strictest scrutiny, the most free, full, and open discussion should not take place. But, again, it is said that we have some fair, and some smugglers who are not fair, in our midst who would riot like to see offenders against the law bailed up and fined or secluded within a prison walls. The people who argue thus, forget that public discussion of the subject might induce these weaker brethren to see the error of their ways. They might, perhaps, be induced to believe that it is unpatriotic and disloyal to break the laws of their country, and to seek by a side-wind to evade their rightful contribution to the revenue. On other grounds, too, our peccant friends might be reasoned with, because it is by no means clear that the wickedest smuggler in the district would not really be better off at the end of the year by his participation in that local flow of trade and business which would be caused by a consider able restriction of the present supplies of drapery goods and general merchan dise brought across the river. We suppose that there is none so bold as to deny that smuggling to a very con siderable extent is at present indulged in. It is only necessary to observe the scores upon scores of Victorians who make large purchases of chargeable goods in the Federal City, the duties upon which are by no means accounted for by the collections at the Customs, in order to perceive that in some way or other these daring and ingenious persons evade the most vigilant exertion sof the officials. Of one thing, there is no doubt. The illicit trade is ruinous to Wodonga. The hideous gaps in our main street, the half empty stores, tile general cry of deo pression, is our side of the picture. New buildings rising every slay, high prices for land, an increasing popula tion, is the tole at Albury. Yet it cannot be denied, if the `residents of the Victoriain bank of the Murray found it impossille to take advantago of the free-trade tariff of New Soruth 'ales, tllhat Wodonga, hi two or three years, would become a large and im portant town. Business would in crease in volume, property now unsale able would become of value, and "em ployment would h, easily obtained. All classes would benefit, including even the Government anud banking officials. Witlralc increased trade,- the business ntth~e local railway station, the police ofilices, the schools, and the post offico, would enlarge, with the Advantage to the oflicers of a higher status and the io-operation of increased stails. .In short,, all the advantages of becoming members of a bustling, thriving, and energetic-ominuni ity would hbo , .dd >cy the residents of the town.' "We are given to understand that it has been declared by the highest possible autho rity upon the question that smuggling goods over by simply changing cloth ing or horse furniture is illegal, and will subject tihe perpetrator of such action to severe punishment should ho. be caught. It is also announced tbat the Customs Department. intenid to swear-in Police-constable KnIuciAN as a Customs oflicer, and to give him plenary authority to capture contra bandists wherever he can find them. Tile border duties question has been at last fairly raised. The authorities have determined that the trading' classes of Wodonga, Bethangn, Tal langatta, and Corryong shall no longer be subjected to unfair competition, and that Victorian business men, . who tllemselves honorably pay the'tluties required by law under the tariff., shall not be undersold by traders in another colony, many purchasersfrom whom suc cessfully evade the charges imposed by the Legislature. We are assured by the gentlemnen who have moved in this im portant matter that they consider it the question of qcuestions for WYodonga, and that, having taken it in hand, they intend to persevere until they have succeeded in obtainiig for this town andi tihe Upper Murray the benefits of the protective policy enjoyed by tile rest of tihe colony. Let federation and intercolonial free-trade come as soon as tllhey may, and we shall welcome them. l'leanwhlilc, is it too much to ask, under the provisions of the present tariff, that our local men of bIusiness, who pay Victorian duties, shall not Ilaveo to compete with other traders, who have no such duties to pay. QUITE a flutter among the dovecots has been created by the announcement of MR SHACKELL'S intention to move in the Assembly that a progressive tax be imposed on all bachelors be- tween the ages of twenty-five and fifty. The news has come on the hitherto unmolested bachelors like a thunderclap, and already on their part dozens of impromptu arguments have been ushered into existence against the imposition, while the married men, as a rule, as strenuously maintain its justice. The trial was made before among the Romans, who can, however hardly be compared with the people of the present day, on account of the nature of their government, their dif- ferent social laws, morals, &c.;, and on account of the peculiar position they held in regard to the other peoples of the world. Besides, political economy as a science was unknown among them, and social science was born 1800 years later. During the last century laws to the same effect were enacted, but soon became dead letters. What would be the results if such a proposal became the law of the land? Confusion and injustice would most decidedly follow - injustice, if the tax were to be imposed on all alike, both rich and poor, and confusion if it were to be imposed in proportion to the means of the bachelor. It would, indeed, be an injustice to impose the same tax on the wealthy squatter, who can please him- self whether he marry or not, and on the poor artisan or clerk, to hom marriage means a grinding struggle for the mere necessities of life during his whole future existence. For this is really what marriage offers to very many - we might with justice say to the gre at majority; and he would, indeed, be an acute estimator who would be able to draw a boundary line between those who cannot marry, whether they want to or not, and those who are able to marry, but will not. Besides, there are reasons why a poll-tax should rather be imposed on the Benedicts than upon the bachelors. The main one comes from the undeniable truth of the Malthusian, theory. According to this - one of the most wonderful and serious theories which have ever been brought belore the notice of man - the increase of the means of subsistence proceeds in an arithmetical ratio, while the increase of population bounds on in a geometrical ratio. That is to say, that the increase of population exceeds by far the increase of the means of subsistence, and accordingly if all the inhabitants of the world were equally supplied with the necessaries of life they would live in semi- starvation. As it is, however, a few have absorbed the shares of thousands, leaving them to waste out their energies, to ruin their constitutions, to debase their high spiritual aspirations, for the Lmere shadow of an existence. This dispro- portion of food and population is there- fore the main cause of poverty, and poverty must exist while our present social laws exist. An irrefutable de- duction from this is that the fewer marriages there are in a country the less poverty is there likely to be; for the birth of every child brings in an- other sharer of the already insufficient food supply. It is clear, then, that in our present state of society bachelor- dom ought to be encouraged than otherwise, and if bachelors are so very numerous in this colony as is made out, the happiness of the colony ought to be very satisfactory. Had there been any lack of money in the Trea- sury the proposal might have been justifiable, but so far is this from beinig the case that we are very nearly rolling in money. Again, will the proposed tax make the inhabitants of the land of " single blessedcness" any more de- sirous of entering the unknown realms of " married cussedness." We think not. There are very few people who would jump into the Murray on a winter's night, even if the non-com pliance entailed a fine, and the pros- pects of a man doing so would not be half so disagreeable as are the pros- pects of a plunge into the matrimonial torrent to the great majority. "Is not marriage an open question," says one of the greatest of Americans, "when it is alleged that such as are in the institution wish to get out, and such as are out wish to get in?" No doubt many who are out wish to get in; but the most of these prefer com- fort and their own thoughts to misery and a starving, though faithful, wife. And, again, it appears to us that the much-married belaud the institution up to the skies, in order to entice others into it, so that they may have more companions in misery. For man is a very selfish animal as a rule. He envies the good fortune of others when he does not share it; and if he have bad fortune, he rejoices to make others sharers of it, too. What are Benedict's arguments for the impose- tion of this unjust tax? He says that he pays more than his due share of taxation, that he rears a family, who must be fed and clothed; that these children become in time valuable members of society, and increase the general prosperity; that the bachelor does not exert himself as he does, for his necessities are not so many, with other arguments, or what he thinks are arguments, of the same kind to the same effect. These are are mere state- ments, mere assumptions, without the shadow of a possibility of proof. If the bacheolor do not support a family, he helps to support the families of others. He really pays more to the revenue than does Benedlict, because the things that he consume bear, in nine cases out of ten, a far heavier duty: he pays taxes to provide for the education of other men's children; a bachelor makes as great exertions for a living, is as good a business man, and as skilful and industrious a mechanic, as is his married brother. So that whatever way we look at the matter, it is plain and palpable that a great wrong would be done to the bachelors by the proposed imposition, and the sooner members take the matter in hand the better, and if they are possessed of the sense which members of Parliament ought to have, they will not be long consigning it to the oblivion from which it never ought to have issued. This inorning ilth lottgo lola Tml tinwOEg S'ctitltnal al Ipplars i It inis mInii cinside rably onlarged fors,. As itltitatedI in our last issue, we are ouslldlh, by arral'lnlCmtlqlt wil:h thei prolpriotors of thi Ilh'ckluU !iics, to issue th-llt j~,ainl oevery wek: s a supplleminiit to '/he ,'tciindel. \Vo tiidght reulark that Ihle IWcel;l :l'Timles , ontuills thirty-six pages, lhrit Iasbtoral a d agri cultlulll topics iro tusrieatd il(e;t comIn pirehunsivuly il, its cohiutns, tlat the all. importantl qus31tion' : irri rtion is a spe eiality of that jo.ural, and iJtLabovery;hing of general interbst is plnceo.l before the rndur, the wlholo gol-up consti::,t.ing the fWeeldy Times one of thlo most rospoet ably- conduceed p.ipor in the colo.ty. We hoar on good authority that oefforts are being made to induce Mr John Reid, of Buslhbank, to enter the list of candidatas for Parliamontary honors at the forth coming general election. He hasreceivod assurances of support in various parts of Bonaombla, and will conmmunicate his reply to the requisitionists in a day or two. The Uppor Murray diltri6t was not forgOtton by our local depumttionists on the occasion of their late visit to Mel bourno. A number of Wodonga gontlo men, amongst wholu Mr P. O'Connor was the principal spokesman, interviewd thie Commissioner of Railways, and very forcibly impressed upon him the desira bility of at once construoting a tramway between Bothanga and Corryong, at the same time reminding the Minister that New South Wales was making strenuous efforts to tap the Upper Murray trade by a line on the other side of the river, and that,' once this was done by our neigh bors, it would be next to the height of folly for our Government to make a line. Mr Gillies, after complimenting Mr O'Connor on the clear way he had brought forward his case, stated that it was un deniable that Victoria must wake up, and ill the Upper Murray they had a district toomingwith wealth-agricultural,pastoral and mineral. There wore no men at present available to ro on with the sur voy of the line askedY for, but 1he hoped shortly to commence the line. The de putation thanked the Minister, and with drew. Owing to an accident, our report of the Confirmation service held at Tallaugatts last week by Dr Roville was incomplete in many details. We now epitomnise these as follows:-Masswas celebrated atthe court house on Wednesday morning, at eight o'clock, by his Lordship the Bishop, and at cloven by Father Van der Hoyden, parish priest of the Chiltern district. After the ceremony a beautifully-illunuinated address, the handiwork of a Melbourne artist, was presented to the right rev. gentleman. Mr T. J. Murray read the address, to which Dr. Roville suitably replied, promising that he would appoint a curate to reside in Tallanuatta. Prior to the presentation, some thirty children (who had been examined in their catechism nad other tenets of their faith by the Bishop the previous evening, and came out of the test very well), were confirmed. The altar was most tastefully decorated for the occasion; Mesdames Dyring and Curkcok, with Miss Johnson and Miss J. Murray, assisted by other ladies, having arranged a floral decoration. Before Dr Revillo began his sermon, he thanked those ladies for the pains they had taken. The day was, on the whole, one long to be remembered at Tallangatta ; Catholics and non-Catholics vieing with each other in their efforts to honor the ceclesiastical dignitary who paid the town a visit. The following is a copy of the address: "To his Lordship the Right Reverend Dr Revillo, Bishop of Ceonn, and Coad jutor-Bishop of Sandlhurst.-Right Re verend and Dear Sir,-WVe, the under signed, on behalf of thue Roman Catholics of Tallangatta, enlbrace this opportunity if heartily welcoming your Lordship !to this district -a 'welcome inteonsiticd tlhrough its being the first visit of a Roman Catholic prelate to Talleigatta. We anticipate with pleasure the buncilts likely to arise fronm your Lordlshlp'.: .,?dsi, and. sincerely trust . that that' bond of unity so well-kiut' .t to exist for ages be t\ieeo the clm' ,, and haity of the Catholic Clhirch may through -its means be still farheor strongthneld.c We devoutly pray that the blessings of Divine Providence nlty attend you in the hminiistration of your sacred and onorous duties. Wishing your Lordship a long and happy life on earth and eternal" happiness hereafter, we beg to subscribe ourselves, your Lord ship's most dutiful and faithful servants Thos. J. Murray, Matthew O'Reilly, Walter Sullivan, Michael M'Mahon, Joseph Teal, Patrick Mullens, Michael Peacock, members of reception coll mittoo; Arthur P. Henneassy and John Loy, hlon. secretaries." We are sorry to have to report a fatal accident from Bethanga, a child of Mr Bartlett's having got drowned. It seems there is a small shallow well only about 3 feet 6 inches deep close to Mr Bartlett's house, used for domestic purposes. It is generally full, and on Thursday it was running over. Mrs Bartlett says she missed her little girl, about three years old, and on going to the well found her floating on the top of the water, and apparently quite dead. She had only been missed about ten minutes. Unfortunately the well has no cover of any sort, ad the child in playing about must have fallen in, although the mother heard no cry. Con- stable Hewitt was soon on the spot, and tried all the usual methods of restoration, but of no avail. A magisterial enquiry was held next day, when a verdict of "accidentally drowned" was recorded. Messrs Warren and Rousseau, who injured by a dynamite explosion in the Granya Co.'s claim some eight weeks ago, are now progressing favourably, and will shortly return home from the hospital. These men have been receiving £1 per week each from the accident fund of the Granya branch of the Amalgamated Miners' Association. This should cause members to keep themselves good on the books. The weekly subscription is only 6d, and the miner's occupation is eminently hazardous. There are many other in- direct benefits accruing from this organise- tion. Maue satisfaction is felt at Wodonga West, as well aBin tlhe various parts of tlhe district in whichl Mr Ulyett is kiiown, at tuat gentlemanu's ro-q aoiointment to his frmor plisition as hlad teacher of Lao Wodulga Wuest Sitto School. MIr hlyuol t was accorded a crcditablo position hiy tle classifiers, and hlas during his stllay fieri provod? himueclf the "right man in theo right place." We congratuilato Mr UlyottL Ilpol hiis reillutateteit, llandl tlhe rosidcints of WodoUga \VOest, uponl again ecoaulni, so successful and well- tried, a toachor. Thile sltowards of tlhe Wodonga Jockey Club 1he(1 a meeting at the Ternilnus hotl onl Tuesday night; Mr O. J. Allon ill tllo chair. A capital pro~amnime, in cluding a Wrdoanga lraidlcap (of fi50 sovs.), a Farmiers' Purse, a Ladies' B~race lot, ind four othlr ovelts, was ldrawn up.. Mr J. Jlildron was olected one of the sAowardo, and also a mmIlllbr of com1nittoO; and Mr J. W,. Staunloy wsas lppointed alorkl of sales. A good work ing colalllittceo Illuldortool to ocialvanss the district, anid, a grlound e(ollonittoo llaving lcon chosen, it was decided thaat the nioxt mooting tako placo at: tho!Yictoria hotel ni Tu'esday oeeniaag. After thie A.M.A. conference had con cluded its deliberations at Daylesford on Thursday last, a public meeting was held in the local town hall at night, at which the DaUyle.ford IHerald reports the dele gate from the Bothanga branch as fol lios':-" Mr John Colbert said that in the North-Eastern district the union luul done a deal for the minors; they had beoon relieved and put in a position of independence. When it was mentioned that it was proposed to form a branch the "sack" was held out to them. But they had formed it, and by the aid of the branches they now enjoyed an independent position instead of their being an exodus of blue blankets and battered billycans. He then referred to a case of a young man who had been rendored blind by a dynamite accident. He trusted that the A.M.A. would keep on with their efforts until the obnoxious clauses were expunged from the Trades' Unions Bill. He thought it was time that George IV. was decently put in his coffin, as he nearly made some of the Bothlnga miners, as also the secretary of the A.M.A., members of Her Majesty's society and Bocchworth Gaol. If they continued in their efforts, they would succeed; let their motto still continue, 'United, we stand; divided, we fall.'" We would call the attention of new contractors to the notice of the Towong engineer that tenders must be in by noon on the Oth instant. The deposit also must he in cash, and not cheques. In no case does the council refund deposits if the tenders are put in too low. There is a good deal of work seot out for next meeting, and now contractors will, no doubt, he attracted by the works at Tal angatta-Granya gap. We should advise intending tenderers to examine the road and plans carefully, prior to running in low tenders, and then failing to carry them out. About half-a-dozen complaints reach this office every week from our Albury subscribers, stating that The Senfinel has not come to hand. We can only say that the paper is posted regularly every Friday morning, and that the blame muatrest in some post office. Mitts Mitts has always had a most unenviable reputation as a stronghold for snakes. Some few weeks backMr James Long, while travelling with horses throu-h to Bairnsdale, was camped for the night close to Mr James Lord's stockyard, and while in the act of rolling a log into his fire, a large black snake fastened on to his wrist, and it was only after great exertion that he managed to wrench his snakeship off the unwelcome position the latter had assumed. Mr Long cut out the piece which had been bitten, but since then we regret to learn that Mr Long feels the effect of the bite seriously, and to his many friends throughout this district it will be unwelcome news that serious con sequences are at present apprehended. The Belvoir Farmers' Common is likely to goi the way of all commons ere long. At the .meeting of the Wodongashire Council on Tuesday, the qucslton was brou"lht under the notice of the council by the shtire secretary, and all the councillors, with the oxception of Councillor Dibley, were favorable to the abolition of the conjiaon being gazetted. It was finally decided, after a desultory conversation, to let the matter stand over until next mooting. So far as all practical purposes aroe concrned, the Belvoir common has onl? existed in name for the past twelve nioluths, and for six months not a shillingu of revenue has booee received as commnnons fees. . ' A"i the recent deputation to tlh Minister of Mines was so fortunate as to get a promise of £200_fnr prospecting Felltimber Crook, about three miles from Wodonga, a'great number of our towns .people think it would be as well if that grant were at once put to some practical use. In the good old days, the creek was prospected, but only by shallow working, in which nothing but the aid of the primitive tin dish or cradle was sought. Nevertheless, a " patch " occasionally gladidened the heart of the digger, and more than one miner is alot W\odonga to-day who expresses his conviction that grand results await development in the neighborhood of the creek. In de forence to a generally-expressed wish, Mr Peter M'Loan has consented to re ceive the names of any persons desirous of giving Felltimber "another show." The vagaries of an inebriate, or lunatic for he was ston compus mentis-were very a inoyihg to a number of the businecs peoole in High street early during the week. The man, who was unable to give his namnoe, said he had given £10 to a well known hotelkeepor, who had returned him £4 of that surm-the remainder having been spent-and that hlie had since lost that small balance. MIr Ferrior, J.P , roemanded him to Beechworth. Brooders of high- quality horse stock will scarcely require their memory jogged respccting the horse parade to be hold at Messrs Douglharty, Son, and Parker's yards, Wodonga, to-day. Several valuable prizes will be given, full particulars of which appear elsewhere. At the Amalgamated Miners' col forence, at Daylosaford, Mr Colbert, Bothalga, who was introduced as the nrinilpal actor in the late dispute at that place, said that although the branch which ie represented was the second last in joining, they hald, with the assistance of the association, fought a hiard battle, and coinqu0red. He would carry back with limi a lively recollection of the many mappsy faces present that evening. They sad representatives from the "land o' cakes" to Land's End. The recent floods drew a large number of snakes from their nests. The other evening Mr W. :Bramnaton was walking about inonr the sale-yards, when he noticed a large black sniko. lie lost no tiiue in despatlching the vipur, which monsured an immenso length. SThe'farimer's excursion is now practi cally over, ias far as this district is con conied, but though tihe excursion has rnded, and has passed to its place among the tliings that were, its varied scenes mid its manifold instances will linger dleasantly in the mmory..of the holiday makers for inuny days to come. We hear complaints of " my poor foot;, " on very -side, from unfortunate country folk, iwho found thie hard pavement of the inotropolia anIything but congenial to their "undoerstandings. " SWe are pleased to state that Master P. Mifray, of Tillangatta, who broke his log about a month ago, is now convales cent -. Subscribors to the o.tostimonial to Mr Thomlas Lambert are requested to meeoot iii St, Luke's Church on Tuesday evening, t,6 consider wlhat form thie preseuntation to that gentleusman shall take. A number of cases will be heard in tihe Tslliaisgatta' Polico Court on Tuesday ndxt, when Mr H. Stavely Crofti P.M., will preside. Our Bothanga correspondent w tes:- "To deprive the up-country corespon dent of the privilege of tre t.ing out a snake yarn, or a bag gooseberry, or the weather is fine, &c.; would be assuridly tieng his hands, so Ill try the ins e yarn first. A rather lively encounter took place one day last week in our township. 11r Cussins had just received di"lead of wood, and noticed a rather\li?eljiese amongst the rest, and as his baita wia for dead wooend, went to investigate it, bit took the precaution to arm hiamelf lIt a friendly axe, but his anakeehtp (fois' turned out to be a snake) was nota? easy to interview, and it took Mr and Mrsa Cossins close on an hour before the personal interview could be ended to the satisfaction of the would-be host. Mr and Mrs Cossins were 'at home,' but the invited guest was .not admitted. Rather fortunate that the snake wa dii. cover'ed so soon, for a snake inj ni Is" dangerously out of place." The charge against the young nma Thomas Halton, for,having been found eo the premises of the Rev. .R. Siekhlton, without lawful excuse, will I levweti gated at the Wodongs police caiia tdayt, Fourteen witnesses will be esam mis " ' there are several previous' &d1;" H is against the accused, who is awaitisg $1 trial in the Beechworth Gaol. The usual court of petty ession was held at Bethanga onThursday, before the P.M. and Mr Ellis, J.P. A number if ratepayers were summoned for rates, ait verdicts were given in each case, with $s Od costs, except against the. Wallset Company (two cases); Mr Martin, P.M., obtaining an adjournment to gt ge l advice. The truant-officer also beoqh "' up a few cases, and fines were, 'i One man insisted on being a martyr, et refused to pay the fine, and hie ictis free man. What he can see in goleg s gaol, we cannot make out, for he would not be suffering in a good cause, butjuet the reverse. The police magistrate oteid the eyes of the Bethasig people all-.eend, and nearly had one man for contempt of court. Bethanga folk are not used a rently to such a sharp man. That most uncomfortable edemie ' known as "fogfever," has, we regM? to say, not yet left Wodongs, and a fed of tei gentlemen who comprised the las deputation to Melbourne attribute theie present indisposition to the metropolitai atmosphere. Before the trip, they felt in perfect health; while now, in one or two instances at least, they are completely prostrate. Some inquisitive person, signing himself "Subscriber" (but he does not say to what) seems to have rather made himself obnoxious, by his enquiries, at leat' to the bandmaster, judging by his' langiug' in public (not of the choicest desetips for a Sunday school officer); but in fairtue to both sides, we think there must have been a misunderstanding. As far as we can learn, all "Subscriber" wanted. to know was, "who were the truste , of the band, if any ?" and the band authorities seem to have understood this as something antagonistic to the band, and as showing that the want of trustees was . not so necessary. We hear three were sp. pointed during the week, so we sutpose "Subscriber" will be satisfied, and the conmmittee at peace again, for it seer. a pity music should be made a vehicle for ill-feeling. There seems no reason why the bandmaster should have lost his tempe.!, unless there is something in it that wa don't see on the surface. Divine service will be conducted ner Sunday in St. Luke's Church, Weodonga, by Mr A. L. E. Martin, at the usual hours. Mr It. Slhekleton will preach at Grany, at. - eleven a.m.; Talgarno, at three, p.m.; and Bethaniga at seven p.m. The Post-oflice Savings Bank was opened at the Bethanga Post-olice on 'Thursday, and quite a little rush seems to take advantage of it. The annual services, tea-meeting and pic-nic in connection with the Bethanga Sunday school takes place this month, and the children are already diligently practising the vocal music for the same. These mnusical services are always looked forward to with pleasure by the towns people, and this year promises to be equally as interesting as all previous a-' nlversaries. Messrs Powell and Janese, see., Granya, crushed 22 tons for ayieldpfl4oe. 2dwts. As this was the work-of twq menm only for eight weeks the result is atis factory. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Towongshiro Comncil will be held on Tuesday. On Tuesday a local land board. will sit at the court-house, Tallangatta. Tihe Hidden Treasure claim, Granya, have eight tons ready for reduction, but find a difficulty in procuring carters. The stuff looks like 3 oz per ton. 