Original Tales THE MYSTERY OF FERHBBOOK. [By Atha.] (Autlior of " Living or Dead," " Other People's Money," " Brandon Westlake," " Maoris and Pakehas," " Australian Elves," &c.;, &c.;) BOOK SECOND.— Chapter VII. METER Dusk, the detective, sat in his room, overlooking the grand canal, and smoked until he had enveloped himself as in a thick mist. It was his invariable practice to smoke furi- ously while working out any mental problem. It must have been a knotty point at issue, for although it was early morning, he had consumed several manillas over the subject, and that subject was none other than the escape of a madman from the asylum of a private madhouse in the city. By that queer method known best to his caste, of tracking crime and its perpetrators through their manifold labyrinths, Peter Dusk had found his man, only to lose him the next day. It seemed strange indeed that Fernbrook Mauprat, or whatever name the master of the Barrier Rock was known by, should be discovered in a madhouse in Venice. But so it was. The detective had given no expla- nation as to how he had gained the clue that led his steps to the asylum. It was sufficient for him that one of the lunatics therein was the person he had tracked half round the known globe. There was no mistaking the original to the photograph which had guided the officer all through his long patient search ; the simplest noodle would have recognised the likeness in an instant. The poor patient, with his great black eyes ablaze, pleaded hard with his countryman to set him free, but the detective only shook his head in affected pity. Once without the walls of the madhouse, Dusk hugged himself in momentary triumph. At last he had run his man to earth — had him safe under lock and key. To-morrow his employers should see Fern- brook for themselves. They went on the morrow — Warne, Lyndhurst, and the smiling, terrible limb of the law. But he they went to see had gone — escaped, and left not the ghost of a clue behind him. The sceptical Novelist laughed at the whole affair. " I'm afraid you have been working too hard in this case, my friend," he said in a kind way to the crest- fallen runner from Scotland Yard. " I cannot but admire the tact and skill displayed in your tracing the doings of Fernbrook and his friends, but when you affirm that he is here, in a lunatic asylum in Venice, I beg to differ with you. Except Hilton Fernbrook has the power of Asmodeus at his back, and can transfer himself from one hemisphere to another with the speed of thought, I cannot see how it is possible he can be in this city. Besides, did not the master of Del Madilino say this selfsame lunatic had been confined there for over three years ? How can you reconcile that state- ment with your theory that the poor wretch was the master of Fernbrook? " Peter Dusk disdained to argue, but he ransacked the old Venetian city from St. Mark to El Perdo for the escapee. It was of no avail, however ; there was no more clue to be had of him than if the earth had gaped and swallowed him. When all the questioning and searching was ended, Peter Dusk had gone over to Del Gorde for further orders, but Warne and his companions had departed for London. So the detective smoked and reflected, and the more he smoked and cogitated the more puzzled he became over the whole affair. " That Mr. Lyndhurst was perhaps right after all," he muttered, apostrophising the table. " I don't see how a man can possibly be in two places at the same time. They say this Hilton Fernbrook is still in New Zealand — was at the Opera only a matter of six weeks ago. How, then, can the man whom I saw in the madhouse be he? Yet, if this is a striking likeness of the man I was sent after — damme ! I'll swear the es- caped lanatic is either the devil or the convict Mauprat. Humph ! let me think." There was no one to hinder him thinking out the question in all its subtle bearings, and it took him some considerable time ere he was weary of it. The little marble clock over the mantel chiming noon roused him. " Ah, well, I can't see my way now," he resumed, in that quaint fashion of talking to himself. " I'll not give in though, not I. If that madman be alive and above ground, I'll find him — though I don't believe he's a bit mad. A crazy fellow would not have acted nor spoken as he did. It's no use staying here. The fellow's an Englishman, and he'll make for London ; all sorts and conditions of men hide themselves either there or in Paris. If he goes to one or the other I'm certain to hunt him out. I'll pack up and be off, and try London first." It does not take him long to put his decision into execution. A steamer is found ready for sailing, and Peter Dusk takes a passage in her. It is a cold, windy evening that finds him on the slippery pavement of the Strand. Instead of wending his way to the office in the Minories, the detective goes goes straight to his lodgings in Ludgate, and comes forth again within the hour quite transformed in out ward appearance. Calling a cab he drives towards Temple Bar. " If this man's in London he'll have a peep at the theatre," he says to himself. " Rogues or lunatics, it's all the same. As soon as they're let out of the cage, they are drawn to the playhouse as if by magic. I'll begin with the theatres." Dismissing the trap, he walks down to the Adelphi, and, paying his shilling, ascends to the gallery, where he can see almost every person in the house. A few minutes suffices to convince him that the escaped madman is not amongst the audience here. From the Adelphi Peter Dusk goes to Drury Lane. Instead of mounting to the gallery he takes a seat in the dress circle, and looks round at the vast sea of heads and faces crowding the place. Away out yonder, near the stage, in the pit, the detective suddenly sees the man he is looking for. There is no mistaking that proud, dark, Spanish-like face, with the short- cropped black hair and moustache. The man is leaning indolently against the stage box, (yet deeply intent upon the performance,) and is dressed in a suit of sober tweed. Before the scene is concluded Peter Dusk has taken a seat beside the man in the pit, and has satisfied himself beyond the smallest shadow of doubt that he is the escapee from Del Madilino. " Fine play, my friend." The man turns and looks the Scotland Yard runner full in the face. " It is a grand performance, he responds slowly, and in a rich, manly voice, that had a tinge of melancholy in it. " But it is badly mounted. In France they attend to those things more so than in England." " You are not a Frenchman, sir ? " " No ! " replied the stranger, smiling. " Nor yet an Englishman ; I may say that I am a cosmopolitan, having ' travelled some,' as they say in America." " Are you an American ? " " You are curious, my friend," said the other, good- humouredly. " In France, and even in the United States, they have a rule in society called etiquette, which means, that rude questions are deserving rude answers. If you are inclined to learn my nationality, I may tell you that I have none. I repeat, I am a cosmopolitan." " Beg pardon," said the detective, hastily. " It struck me I had seen you before somewhere." " You were a stricken deer for thinking so, my friend," responded the other. "We cannot possibly have met before." " I think we have," cried the detective. There was a swift flash in the black eyes, as they turned with sudden and suspicious look to the face of the speaker. " Indeed ! where ? " he asked, quickly. " Have you courage to accompany me to the vesti- bule, and I will tell you? " " Why not tell me here ? " replied the other, with some disdain. " I have a reason, which I will give you also, if you will adjourn with me." "Pray, lead the way ; I am at your service." Not another word was spoken until the pair reached a small room adjoining the saloon bar. " Now, sir," said the stranger, seating himself. " Tell me where you and I have met." " At the Del Madilino , in the city of Venice," cried Dusk. If a pistol bullet had gone through the body of the man, then and there, he could not have evinced greater surprise. He stared at the detective in blank amaze ment for fully a minute. " Pray, who are you ? " he said, at length. " I may answer after your fashion, and reply, I'm a cosmopolitan." You saw me in a madhouse in Venice ? " asked the, other, in a vacant way. " Yes I the Del Madilino, a private asylum, governed by one Dr. Dotti Nicolini." The other replied not, but gripped the back of his chair with a convulsive clutch. " It is not many days ago since I was in Venice on business. I had occasion to visit Dr. Nicolini's estab- lishment. I saw you, there;" : " I remember you now," responded the other, after a pause, in which he had recovered from his surprise. " You have disguised yourself; but I recognise your voice. " I'm glad of that," said the detective, coolly. " Now, tell me how you escaped from Del Madilino ." The man laughed. " Still inquisitive," he said, with mild irony in his tone. " Are you interested, my friend ? " " Perhaps." "Well, the story is too long, and I'm not in the humour to talk much." " How if I land you in gaol, and send you back again to Venice ? " inquired Dusk. " My good sir, you are evidently in a fog respecting the law of England concerning lunatics, answered the stranger, with a smile. " First, you will have to prove that I am insane ; second, that I escaped from a mad- house." " Did you not escape ? " " That is another question, friend." . Peter Dusk reflected a moment. He felt that he had no lunatic to deal with in the person of this stranger. " What if I send for Dr. Nicolini, and prove your identity ? " said the detective. " The mad doctor cannot prove my identity. Besides, he dare not set foot in London." " Dare not ! " " I repeat — dare not." " Why, pray," inquired Dusk. " My friend, questions seem to be your forte, but I am not inclined to answer them. If you have any business with me, pray come to it at once, for I wish to see the play out." " Do not be in a hurry," said Dusk, placing his back to the door. " Do you know who I am ? " " No, nor do I care." " I am Dusk, from Scotland Yard." " Indeed, and pray, Mr. Dusk, what is that to me ? " " Do you know this photograph," replied the other, handing him a carte- de-visite. The stranger took it, and held it to the light. As he looked at the picture, there came into his eyes a strange expression, impossible to describe. Peter Dusk watched his face as a tiger-cat watches its prey. " Well, what do you think of it ? " he said. " It is certainly my photo.," answered the stranger, gravely. " The back of the card is marked Paris ; I never had a likeness taken in Paris." " It may be a copy from London," suggested Dusk. " Nay, I have had no photograph taken in Europe at all." " Here is another of the same personage," quoth the detective, producing a second picture. "You see that was taken at Portland prison. Perhaps you never saw the convict establishment." " Never, upon my honor," answered the man, with a gay laugh. " Of course you haven't," sneered Dusk. " Such a name as Victor Mauprat, for instance, has never been on your visiting card. You never heard of Sharpe, alias the ' Ferret.' Nor you know nothing of Captain Bedford, or the Salon des Dames at Nice ? oh, dear no." Again the man stared at the officer with a perplexed look. " I think, my friend, it is you who have broken out of some lunatic asylum in the vicinity, if one may form an opinion by what you say. It is the particular craze of the lunatic to dub the remainder of the world insane." " Your cunning rejoinders will not serve you," re- plied the detective. " You are Victor Mauprat, swindler and convict, who escaped from the Westport Convict Settlement, Norfolk Island, in January, two years ago." " You are certainly mad, my man! there is no mistake about it," muttered the stranger, at the same time keeping his gaze fixed on that of his companion. " Poor devil, it would be a pity to harm him. I might have guessed it after all my terrible experience in that living hell in Venice. Look here," he cried aloud to Dusk, " ring the bell, and let us have a bottle of wine." " Don't try to gammon me," said the detective, with a fierce oath. " I'm Peter Dusk, and I mean to arrest you, Victor Mauprat." " Are you serious ? " " Aye. I ain't followed you half over the continent of Europe, and through Egypt, to let you slip out of my hands now." " I swear to you that I never heard the name of Victor Mauprat in my life until this moment," cried the other, with such earnest emphasis that the officer paused irresolute. " Do you mean to tell me that you're not the man who kept the gaming hell at Cairo," he said, " No." " Nor the monte table at Nice ? " " No! I say." " You didn't kill Captain Bedford, and you wasn't lagged and sent to Australia ? " " I swear to you that I am not the man. I have never fought a duel in my life, and trust I never may be compelled to do so. Why do you accuse me of these things ? " " You are a study, my fine fellow," responded the detective, with gentle sarcasm. " It won't do with me, let me tell you, I've seen too many of your sort in my time. Answer me one thing. Where did you get to when you and Sharpe burnt the Seagull ? " " The Seagull ! " cried the other, looking at his inveterate questioner with a vague idea as to his sanity depicted on every feature of his pale, handsome face. " Are you really crazy after all ? " " You'll find that out presently ! " responded Dusk, with a grim smile. " I ask you again, how many of the gaol birds escaped the burning wreck besides the Ferret and yourself ? " " Who's the Ferret, pray ? " " Your sham valet, and the biggest rogue in Europe!" said Dusk. with a sigh of impatience "Come, sir, you can serve no purpose by playing innocence with me. The game's up, I tell you." The stranger sat down and pressed his hands tightly over his face for the space of a minute, Raising his head, at length, and looking the detective full in the eyes, he said : " My worthy fellow, you are evidently insane. Otherwise, you have made one of the most stupid blunders on record. You say my name is Victor Mauprat, and that I am an escaped convict, accused of innumerable crimes." " 'That's it ! " " Will you have the goodness to make things a little clearer as to my implication in those things ; also my identification with Victor Mauprat. I confess you have some ground for suspicion, if the photograph is a faithful picture of the man you seek." I have found him." "Very well. I am satisfied if you will be good enough to explain." Peter Dusk rung a bell on the table. " Bring a bottle of wine," he said to the waiter. When the man appeared with the liquor, he handed him a half sover- eign and a scrap of paper. " Let that note be taken to Bow-street at once," he said. And the waiter nodded and withdrew. " It's rather dry work talking," con- tinued the detective. " I'm not a dab at it at any time ; howsomever, I don't mind telling you what I've been arter these last five months, and as I mean to be brief about it, oblige by filling the glasses." With his elbows on the table, propping up his hard, stern, sunburnt face, and his unwinking eyes fixed on those of the man opposite, with lynx-like watchfulness, Peter Dusk recounted all the points in the life of Hilton Fernbrook, from his leaving New Zealand to his escape from the burning ship, the Seagull. It would be impossible to describe the changes that came and went over the man's face as he listened. Now fierce and frowning, with spasmodic clutching of the strong hands ; anon smiling in absolute disdain, and withering contempt. " And now," said the detective, when he had con- cluded, " what have you to reply. You are the man ? " " I am Hilton Fernbrook, and Colonel de Roal was my friend. That is my reply at present," answered the stranger slowly. " You will have to accompany me to gaol." " I am ready." And the pair went out into the darkness of the night. End of Book II. 