SPORTING NOTES AND COMMENTS. THE Christmas and New Year's meetings of the various turf clubs in this and the other colonies are over and, so far as the Q.T.C. is concerned, we shall have to look as far ahead as May next for racing. The New Years Day races at Mary borough were fairly successful, the fields being better than usual. Mr. Finnic followed up his luck by winning the principal event of the meeting, the New Years Handicap of 100 soys., with a 3 soys. sweep, with that sterling mare Medusa, one of the beat bred animals in the colony. Mr. F. J. Power's Cossack, a chestnut gelding, six years of age, carrying 7st» lib., against the crusher of Out. 131b. on the mare, wan second. Cossack is by Lothair (son of Dizzy, imp.)— Cashmere, and he won the Corinthian Cup, carrying 9st. 81b. Sportsman won the All-aged Stakes, a six furlong spin, the speedy Jessica being second. The Farewell Handicap was won by Mr. J. Chappie's Phoenix, carrying 6st. 131b., Sportsman being second with lOst. 81b. Jessica, the winner of the Trial Stakes with 9st 4lb. up, is by Kelpie, out of Syren, and is a four-year-old. A hack handicap was won by Latchkey, by Perseus, a son of the imported Kingston. " Hipparion," in the Maryborough Chronicle, states that the Gyrapio Turf Club intend to give away about £600 to be run for next winter, in addition to cups and bracelets promised by private persons, the most prominent and liberal amongst whom is that stanch supporter of the club and ardent sportsman, Mr. Spitzel, of Mary- street, so that tbp value to be run for wilj be over 700 sovb. The Bockhampton Christmas Meeting on Boxing Day and the day following was not a marked success. On Boxing Day business began with the Hurdle Kace, which was next to a walk-over for Marksman, Bazaar refusing the preliminary jump. The Maiden Plato resulted in an easy win for Capitulator, by Epigram—Caprice, a horse which has not seen his best yet. Mr. P. O'G. Dunne's The Rake tllly Korap was a good second, whilst the Norman by colt Belmorc was third. Six started for the Publicans' Purse, which Master Ringwood won cleverly by a long length from Glengarry, Empress third. The time was slow—2's2. Bakkulla amlCapitulatorbcingwithdrawn from the Ladies' Bracelet, Grey skin. Oat. 71b., had no difficulty in defeating Souvenir, 9st., and Re form, 10st. in that order. Only four started for the F.R.C. Handicap. Master Ring wood came away when wanted, and won by a length nora Uukkulla, Marksman a bad third, and the Kelpie tilly out of it. The Corinthian Cup was simply a match between Greyskin and Argyle. The result was never in doubt, the old gray win ning as he pleased. The Flying Handicap was an easy thing for Merry Maid (7st 121b.), Em press (Bst.) finishing on her quarter, with Bunalbo third. On the second day the Miners' Purse was a walk-over for Baron; whilst tho Trotting Handicap wai a gift for Statesman, notwithstanding he started ;V>o yards behind scratch. The Farewell Handi cap brought five to the post, and Merry Maid (Sst.) won with something in bend, I eating Pussy Cat (Gst, '.Mb.) aud Bukkulla (Bst. 21b.) in that order. Next came the Novel Race, in which horses had to carry list, eaehl Mr. Dunne's sterling horse Orphan, ridden by Mr. 0. White* proved too good for Grey tkin and Reform, winning easily. The Christ mas Cup was won easily by Pussy Cat, old Chieftain and Marksman being the other starters. At the settling £336 was paid to winners, and two bracelets and two cups. At Nerang on New Year's Day the crowds of country folk who turned out to attend the first annual meeting of the club were not favoured by being able to see anything like decent fields of horses. Mr. E. A. Smith's Melbourne colt Aristocrat won the Maiden Plate with absurd ease from Hector. Mr. Stephens with Mary Ann won the Publicans' Purse easily from Leonidas; but the principal event was well contested. Loadstone* one of the speedy sons of Westminster, carrying Bst. 61b., had all he could do to beat Aristocrat with Tst. Tib., and Mary Ann with Bat. 101b, finished pretty close up. The Shorts Handicap was appropriated by the Tweed River mare Bertha, and to her the Forced Handicap also fell; Loadstone, the only other starter in the latter event, pressing her very hard at the finish. la Brisbane there is not much to note in the way of racing. Rioter, Mr. Mooney's well known horse, after doing service at the stud during the season, has gone into work again at Eagle Farm under Walsh, and will be prepared for the May meeting. The spell will have done the handsome son of Epigram—Emeute great good, and, as Mr. Mooney carefully limited him in the stud service, he will doubt less come to the post a much improved horse, Walsh, it may be here mentioned, has purr chased a piece of land at Eagle Farm, and is now building a house and stables there, and intends to provide plenty of room for hone* which may be intrusted to him for prepara tion. There is good scope in Brisbane for a first-class public trainer, and Walsh, who is well known to racing men, will doubtless soon have his hands full. ' Lorelei, the two-year-old sister of Le Grand, has been sold by Mr. Andrew Town to Mr, W. A. Long for £750. The filly ran in the December Stakes at Randwick on Boxing Day, but failed to jet into a place, but as she is being specially prepared for the A. J.C. Oaks Stakes it is probable that she was merely started to give hor work with a field of hones. The Epigram—Olive colt alto started in the race, but got away badly, and did not get amongst the first flight. This colt has been named lago. The beautiful Epigram-Caprice colt, the pick of the Grange lot which were sent to Sydney for sale, has been named Master Croft by his owner, Mr. W. A. Long, the pur chaser of Lorelei, and is undergoing a very careful preparation fer the "blue ribbon.' Mr. Kent has at the Grange at present a fine lot of yearlings by Epigram, from the best mares, and they will be noticed on a future occasion. Sportsman, the Maribyrnong—Scraps colt> has been sold by Mr. Jost to Mr. Massie, the figure not being made public The Q.T.C. have got fourteen entries for the Derby at the next Spring Meeting, It is satisfactory to notice some new blood reprei sented, though there are plenty of nominations from the older hands on the local turf. Mr. Finnic seems to pin his faith to the Newbold youngsters, but Mr. Jost is represented ty some of the most popular colonial sires. There has been some delay in the publication of subscribers to the Sires' Produce Stokes, but the reason of ibis was that Mr. Andrew Town's nominations, which came by wire, were unintelligible, and the necessary deposit having been made by him the club are watting for bis letter of advice, Mr. Town nominates three horses. Reports of all country meetings during the festive season are not to hand. At Warwick there appears to have been good racing. The Maiden Plate was won by Empress, an aged mare, with Gipsy Queen second; and the former later on landed the Flying Handicap, in which she, with 7st. 101b., beat Rat-trap, who was crushed with 9st 101b.; Kate Kearney* with Bst.. being third. The Publicans' Purse fell to Claret, an aged gelding, carrying 9st.> Merryjig, a four-year-old, with 7st. 71b. up being second. On the following day the Stewards' Purse was won by Stag, Kate Kearney second, and Rat-trap third, but the local papers give no record of the weights carried. For the Town Plate there was a splendid race, Merryjig, 4 years, 7st. 71b., being first; Rat- trap, 9st. 81b., second; and Claret. 9st., third. Rat-trap, the game little son of The Italian, was only beaten by half a length. At Mitchell, the Maiden Plate was won by Harkaway, 5 years, Petrel and Czarina, both aged, being second and third. In the Flying Handicap, Benjamin, an aged horse, carrying Bst. 101b., beat the well-known Orphan Boy, the latter carrying 9st. 41b. The New Year's Day Han dicap fell to Petrel, aged, Oat. lib.; King of the Ring, Bst. 121b., being second; and Harka way, 7st 121b. (121b. overweight), third. Orphan Boy also started. The Farewell Han dicap was won by King of the Ring, Orphan Boy being second. For this there were seven starters. There was rather a phenomenal performance at Charleville on Boxing Day. Little Nell winning the Maiden Plate, Publicans' Purse, and Forced Handicap, and running second for the principal handicap, which was won by Little King. Liberator, by Westminster, won the Stockman's Purse. At Tattersall's Meeting in Sydney on New Year's Day Ellington, with 7st. 61b. up, won the Flying Handicap, six furlongs, beating Orator, 3 years, Gat. 101b., Hon. J. White's Mascotte. 4 years, 7st. 41b., and a big field, in cluding Venetia, Bst. 21b., and Eagle Grange, 7at. Tom Brown, the favourite for Tetter sail's Cup, showed that the confidence reposed in him was not misplaced, for he won a good race by half-a- lengtn, doing the two miles in 3min. 36^sec. The time was good, but the winner only carried 6st. 51b. He was ridden by Donald Nicholson. The weights for the Anniversary Handicap at tho Sydney Turf Club Meeting are pub lished. It will be seen that Ellington carries 7st. 41b., and Adamantea is let in with the very light impost of 6st. 51b. The distance—a mile and three furlongs—is rather short for Mr. Mooney's plucky mare. The annual meeting of the Victorian Club on Saturday last showed that in Melbourne racing is not only very popular, but that it takes a lot of it to .surfeit the public. Madcap, the winner of the Summer Cup at the Araatour Meeting, landed the Victorian Gold Cup, with SBt. up, the placed horses being Agatha Ost. 51b., and Amelia Victoria fist. 31b. It is rumoured in town that Mr. P. R. Rieardo, the secretary of the Queensland Turf Club, intends to resign at an early date. He haa unfortunately held office during a period when racing in this part of the colony has been in a very depressed state. In our advertisement columns will be found the programme of the Glen Innes Jockey Club, whose meeting is to be hald on the 17th and 18fch of March next. It contains a novel feature in the Great Sovereign Handicap of 500 BOVB., the winner of which is to be sold im mediately after the race for £1. The nomina tion for this event is 3 soys., acceptance 7 so vs., and final payment 6 soys.; in all, 16 soys. has to be paid by starters. The other principal races are the Glen Innes Cup, a sweepstakes of 3 soys. each for starters, with 900 soys. added ; second horse to receive £20, and third horse £10, from the prize; and the Stuart Plate of £100, with a sweepstakes of 2 nova, from starters, second horse to receive £20 from the prise. The adjourned Peak Downs race meeting came off on New Year's Day. The Messrs. Hatlield's horse Magus won the Christmas Handicap with ridiculous ease, beating Mar quis and Wellington. Lurline secured the Maiden Plate easily from Newton and Peeping Tom ; and Marquis took the Wind-up Handi cap after a good race with that fine little mare Prinny. Some of the Sydney papers appear by no means pleased with the recent running of Inglesides, or, more properly speaking, with the riding of Jenkins. "Nemo, in the Sydney Mail, one of the best sporting authorities in Australia, says: "The Queensland crack, Inglesides, ran in a seemingly extraordinary manner. In the first place, although he had 12st up, he cut out the running till seven furlongs from home; and in the second, when looking as dangerous as anything, when the distance was reached no apparent effort could be seen on the part of his rider to help him to win. Ingle sides is just about the most perfect hurdle horse that ever stripped at Randwick, and a very different result was certainly expected. True, the horse hit one fence very hard, and removed the skin from his near fetlock joint, but that need not have prevented his being ridden out." Another of the papers states that Jenkins should have been called upon to explain his conduct in not making an effort to help his horse when the tug of war came. The Casuistry colt —the English Derby favourite—has been named Paradox, and when the last mail left he was being backed at 7 to 1 for the Derby. This little piece of gossip is from a Mel bourne paper:—"lt seems that Archer can flog horses as well as any other jockey, for he out up Duke of Richmond most unmercifully when be hadn't the ghost of a chance with St. Gatien. He afterwards had some disagree ment with the owner of the colt, the Duke of Riohmond, and handed in his cap and jacket. It is said that the Duke aho found a grievance in Archer talking to a bookmaker. Archer re plied that he was a married man who had made, a home for his family, and realised an indepen dence, and if the Duke disapproved of his conduce Archer thought he could maintain his home without his grace's patronage." St. Gatien's sire, The Rover, was recently found dead in his stable, bis throat having been cut by some cowardly ruffian or ruffians. The Sporting Lift thus chronicles the event :— "A barbarous outrage was committed upon The Rover, undoubtedly the sire of the Derby dead-heater and Ceaarewitch winner, St. Gatien. This stallion was located at Mr. Shine's stable, Listowel, counter Kerry, and as the owner is in the court of bankruptcy, and the hone's future destination was in doubt, considerable exoitement prevailed in the neigh bourhood, especially as the horse had for some time been in the hands of the court's officers. On the night of Wednesday, we regret to say. The Rover's throat was cut, and when found in his stable he was quite dead. The Rover, by Blair Athol out of Crinon, by New minster, in his yearling days cost 1800 guineas at Cobbam, but he never won a race, and, sink* ing by degrees in the social scale, passed into the possession of Mr. Knowles, the well-known Epsom * fly' proprietor, who in turn sold the horse—after unsuccessfully advertising him for sale at £50—for a few pounds to Mr. Shine. But previous to his being banished to Ireland the Rover's services had been called into re quest for two or three mares at the Worcester Park Stud, owing to the illness of Rotherhill, hence his alliance with St. Gatien's dam. It may be noted that the Rover was in conformity with the order of the court to be Bold at SowelTs Repository, Dublin, for the benefit of Mr. Shine's creditors, and the last offer refused for him—a totally inadequate one—was 700 guineas. The detective department has the matter in hand, and two arrests are deemed imminent." The following from the London Sportsman sets at rest all doubt respecting Fred Archer's determination to leave England for a trip to Australia :—" By the steamer Bothnia, which sailed from Queenatown for New York on the afternoon of the 16th November, the celebrated jockey Fred Archer took his departure for America. He was accompanied by his old attendant (Solomon), and by Captain Bowling. Archer feels his recent sudden and terrible bereavement very keenly indeed, and we understand that for the purpose of rest and a thorough change of scene he intends to go over land to San Francisco and visit Australia before returning to England. His present intention is to remain absent from home for some months." 