Why She Wanted a Kiss •Kissmo again.' Sybil Sartoris spoke theso wordj m a grave, n*lm manner that botokened the serious import in which she held them, and as Herbert Hold fast bent tenderly forward and pressed his lips softly to hers, she looked up to nim in the sky, oat-on-the-haok-fence fashion, that had- bo witched him in the golden-hned days of court ship. There was no tint of deception in the pure nature of this girl, and hear every act was the result of refleotion, often profound. Brought up in Boston, she had all her life been accustomed to put to ita beat use the power of discernment which a thoughtful mind gave her. Surrounded as she was by the mystic in fluences of Emerson, the Concord School of Philosophy, and several large warehouses where mackerel were sold, it is small. wonder that when, standing on the threshold of woman hood, she beheld suitors for her heart and hand approaching, she had analysed with critical care the hopes and fears of each—had subjected the character of every wooer to the rigid scru tiny of a mind that, aiated cross-legged on the starry summit of psychological research', looked npon a man as only vivified protoplasm, and the deepest emotions of the hoart ss merely the manifestations of a too active nerve centre. Herbert knew this. He knew that this girl, tho rounded carves of whose figure and the dewy sweetness of whose lips would have made an anchorite leave bis job without a pang, had naught of passion in her nature. And so when he had complied—oh, bo gladly—with her request, there stalks from out the banquet hall of his imagination, where they had so long been unwelcome guests, tho sheeted ghosts of doubt and apprehension. Hoknew now that Sybil lovod him with a love that would nover falter or fail—a lovo that, securely built upon a foundation o! respect ana admiration, was now crowned with the large, roomy, mansard roof of a deathless, never changing passion. Her words proved it. Never before had sho even as much as hinted at a kiss, and when ho had sought to tako ono sho had submitted to bis caresses mora as a dutiful than as an ardent lover. But now all was changed, and it was sho who sought the bliss—that a large, well-regulated, thrco storey-and-bosement kiss alone can give. Tho thought was ccstacy. ' You lovo mo bettor to-day, Sibyl,' ho said, ' than you did yesterday. Is it not so, dar ling?' ' No,' sho answers, standing there calm and 1 pulseless as a clam at high tide. ' Then why,' ho says, did you ask mo to kiss yon ?' 'Becaas?,' Sibyl replies, 'I desired to ascertain whether or not you had boon drinking rum.' 