The Merchant, the Miner, and the Jesuit. A TAL.E OF THRItLLING INTEREST. CHAP'TER1 XI. :ROUND THCE CAMP FIRS. BY this tilme;' darkneuss had set in, and the moon had risen. It was a' boautiful night. The sky was of a light blue, and so clear that not a single cloud could be discovered ,above the :horizon. The light of the moon daniced dn the tree-tops, and made fanciful shado'ws beneath them. To the artistic mind of Fritz, the scene was really gl ,rius. As he sat under the cedar-tree and looked out upon the clear sky and the patches of shadow and light, and as he listened to noises made by a thousand night insects, he thought that there were not many scenes to surpass the beauty of that seen on a fine night among the trees in'a tropical land. To add to the grandeur of the land scape, the hill-side began to be dotted all along with miner's fires, round whichli they smoked'aud chatted. As he saw the forms of men moving around these, Fritz began to feel some what lopely. Further, faney brought to his mind instances in which people in the tropics had beei bitten by venomous insects a:.d reptiles that lived in trees. Not many hundred yards off there was a blaze, round which a party of miners were resting from their toil From this he would easily be able to perceive Ned when he came back; and so, prompted partly by fear and partly by Sloneliness, he walked to the fire' and asked permission to join the group. The miners, who took him for some friend of-their employer's, readily granted asssnt to his request, and soon found him a seat; though they were somewhat surprised that a visitor of. Mr. Mersdith's should come and sit among them in such a sociable manner. The men were beguiling the time by spinning yarns, and the course of con versation during one of the intervals of story-telling happening to turn upon casualties at sea, Fritz volunteered to subscribe a yarn of a shipwreck, as startling and exciting as any they had heard. The men were eager .for the story, more especially as-Fritz informed them that he hiinself had been one of the pas sengers on board 'the ship which was wrecked. And so Fritz begin to tell the tale of the wreck in which he had played so prominent and brave a part. .As he went on he warmed to his theme, and soon both he and his listeners were \ entirely absorbed. So interested were they, indeed, that a man who had approached the group soon after the commencement of the nar rative, and who.had been standing a few yards off behind a small shrub, was unnoticed by them. This person had been followed by two others, who had taken up their station on th'e opposite side of the fi e to where he was standing, and.who were unobs.rved by him. All three were men, and displayed the same deep attention to the recital of the story; only, in the ease of the first comer, his countenance was expressive of fear, and was as pale as death His state of mind, when he had fillen upon the groip, was such as was con duoive to sudden excitement if any unto ward event occurred, and from-the moment he arrived on the scene he re mained like one petrified. SOn the other hand, the other two outsiders did not pay any special ttein tion at first, though Fritz's graphic narration soon caused them to be as deeply moved as any present. As soon as Fritz ceased, the person from behind the shrub, who was an.old friend of the Italian captaiu, rega!ining his senses somewhat, though far from being relieved of his fenar, adviLnceed in front of the group, end said to the miners, with some alarr. in his inuaer, 'You have beeri listening to a spirit. This is the ghost if a young man who was drowned some months ago. I was the captain of the vessel: wh:ch ~elit down.' As he spoke thus, Meadoza was trein bling from head to foot with: te.fr, and his voice was low and husky. . Just then the other two men onl the opposite side of the fire advanced i:the elder of the two was in tears.' . The tale of the shipwreek; a'nrd of the young fellow's rescue with a maiden, ie mninded him of the circumst?i.o s col nected with one who was veryldortr to him, whomn he believed to ?be dead. This person was James Mereditb .:a'iid his. companion vas Ned. Mtudoza had come upon tlhe group quite casually, but Ned, not finding Fritz at.the ap pointed rendezvous, had retured to his master, and the two were- in qudst of the young artist, when they discovdred him amongst the miners.': :" r''. At this stage of the proceodinis the scene partook someiwhat of a ghastly aod startling nature. Thee wereno tlhe puzzled countenances of.the miners, thi: pale face of Mondoza, and:tlho feuful visage of the directoirof the mines. Fritz and Ned alo!ie eejid to undoe stand the situation. Over all, the mooni shed her pale light, and thc fire glowed with a lurid glare. i It was a spirit, Mendoza had said. 'No,' re:urned Fritz, uxtonding his hand to the'cptain[ 7 ?I was saved on that direadfil''ngiht;' ,nid' so was Miss Meredlith;- and I bring thliis letter from her, and' have the supreme pleasure of presenting it to her father, end telling him:that his daughter. is alive.and in safe keeping in England.' .: 'Then:.Iam ruined. ' exclaimed the captain, with an aiject look of despond: .enov. ' Why so ?' asked Britz. ' Mir. iMore dith is generous; he will forget and forgive. In fact, that is the bnrdon of his 'daughter's prayer, which she im plored me to communicate, if your guilt wore mentioned.' Fritz had made referone to Mendoza's guilt, for he now saw plainly that it would be impossible to hide from James Mcredith his brother's perfidy, and the captain's part in attempting to decoy Annie from England. Jamnes, Meredith was just. unsealing Aniie's letter; when he saw Mondoza's alarm, and heard Fritz's answer. "He was like one in a dream. This news had come too suddenly, and he hardly understood what he had heard. ' What have I to forgive ?' he asked. ' When you have read the letter you will know,' answered Fritz. During the perusal of the letter, Ned Brown's face was a perfect study of de 'light. All his and his master's sorrow and trouble seemed to have been entirely removed by the young stranger. He would have sacrificed any of his possessions in thankfulness to Fritz. VWhen Mir. IMeredith had completed the reading of Annie's letter, he turned towards Fritz, and clasping him to his arms, said, 'Oh, my son, I cau never repay you; but the promise of love which my daughter has given to you, and which she asks me to ratify, shall hever be disturbed by me. Take her,.my boy! She will be a good wife, and I am sure, from your previous conduct, you will be the best of husbands.' ' Thank you : with all my .heart, sir,' answered Fritz; and then heo and 1Mr; Meredith and Ned began 'to talk apart in quiet tones .ofthe circum stances which had taken place, Fritz filling out and supplementing with details the bare facts which the letters had conveyed. At the commencement of this con versation, Mendoza 'was standing by unnoticed. The captain now saw that there was ' an end to all his scheming, and in his own- heart he was not sorry forg it. But he longed for the forgiveness of which Fritz had spoken, and he thought this was a fitting time to receive it. He was soon noticed by Mr. Mere dith, who, addressing him, said. ' Oome, Mendoza; what's the matter ? You must not look so sad when we have received good news.' 'I am waiting for your forgiveness, sir.' 'Ah, forgiveness.! But the letter has.not.told me what to.forgive.' *For Annie had made no mention in the letters of her uncle's croelty. Then the Italian told the whole story of his wrong-doing from begin ning to end, and James Meredith re 'membered the -conversation he had had with him in the office at'St. Mary Axe on that afternoon when his brother first proposed to him to go out to Mexico. ' And is this how I have been served by a brother in whom I trusted implicitly!' exclaimed James .Mere dith, when Mendoza had :finished his confession. 'Just now I was joyful because 'my child, whom I thought dead, is still alive; but this sorrow is nearly as groat as the last. I forgive you, Mendoza, for you are repentant, and your temptations were great. Hre is my hand. But, Henry-oh, my brother !-to think, that for gold you should thus have acted towards me !' And it was easy, to perceive, as he finished this exclamation, that ir came fromnthe depth of his heart, and that his suffering was sharp and severe. ; Fritz and Meredith, Ned and Men ddza then said good niight to thoseof the miners who had' remained 'by the fire, nqd took tthbit.way up to The.residenie at,'the summit :'f the hill. *- ,There, -after Fritz liad refreshed himiself'-with 'food,' they all Iour discussed their futurie plans. James Meredith, resolved to return to England at oncce,.'and to 'entrust" the siipervision of the mines while away- tc Mendoza, who had worked hard since.his ariival in Mexico, anid was well up in his work. Ned also was to remain and help the It.lian. ' SThis prboposal' was not altogether welcome to younr. Brown, but he know that he would relieve" his master of a' great deal of anxiety by.reinain ing, .and that.it was his duty; ,:and so he put as good a face as..he-could on the inatter, anid *resolved- to -do his best. , , , '. SBefore the conversation ended that night, Fritz, who was surprised that the Italian had .made no reference to his wife. mentioned to him that she lidil been discovered by him in Lou dori, and that Mr., HEnry. MoerTaith had refused to help her soon nifter" his departure. " , The Italian's quick temper was roused at this baseness on the part of Henry Meredith; but pity for his wife soon took the part of anger, arid he'entrusted to Fritz all his earnings,' which were to be delivered to Madame ilendoz.a, 'when he' retiurned to .Eng land'. " ... On the morrow. James Meredith and .Fritz ibade adieu' to'Mendoza arid Ned, aid set outlt'fr the seoa-coast, promiising to write: to th'em ns ,to how: imatters progressed. " SMr. Meredithremained ,for a day in',-Sah 'Lui sPotosi to arrange busi ness, there;. "-then,; 'he?. and::' Fiitz resumed their journey to Tampico. On their reaching that port they found that they would'have to wait ten days for a steamer, which would takeo them directly to'England. But there was onb just. leaving for New York, and they i'esolved to take passage in this, as they could quickly reach Eng land from that city. So they embarked in it, and reached New York after about six days' sail. Hero they tele graphed to Annie to expect them, adding also that her father wished to keep his coming to England a secret from his brother. To be continued. 