8POBTXSG TOPICS. ThskK ajqieam to be n good deeb of mystery saxroandiagUM ' movements of The Agent, who was one o| themt horses basked to win the G.R. HturdlfBaee. It has been very currently repotted that be hao gone amiss — 11 caught a cold np too eoriy, perhaps)— and ie an unlikely starter for the G.N. Hurdle. Knowing Turfites, however, on ! hearing this, plaoe their ooUeofive finger mggsstivMy on the ride of their nose, and whisper "Walker." We are told, on pretty reliable authority, that The Agent was out as lately as Tuesday not very far from Flemington, end unless the wsgera booked ebont him yeBterdiy were "eohlsnter," some one appears to still believe in him. Again. George Bead has soratohed his stable com panion, Agitation, only yesterday, and thus led the public to believe that Tbe Agent was the Simon Fare. It will be remembered that The Agent wee backed in conjunction with Governor to win five thousand pounds for the double. ; The following ecretohings have been made in connection with the V.B.C. Grand National Meeting einoe , our last- issue:— Maiden Steeplechase : .Bknjenqng, Misfor tune. - Maiden 'Hurdle Race : lGenoe, Ma- boobha, Galatea, Corlolanus, Fair Flay. Grand National Hardte Race : Hazard, Gay Fewkes, Gasalier, Despateh, pnd Agitation. Slat Bsoe: Hector, Galatea, Claptrap, Un as s. St. Odills, AIMoore, Gaaburuer, Storna way, and Bathont. All Engagement: Chtny, Boringl&ip;, Royal Mold, and Bnzri, Grand National Steeplechase I 'GildeMy, Swordfish, and Betioient. Selling Hurdle Baoe: Saleyerds, Waiter, and Problem. ' Axil sorts of rumours relative to tba Bullarat hurdleraeen, Insolvent end Sheet Anchor, were, floating about in betting circle last night. It is reported- that, owiog to light split in the camp, both hones will Krt in the Grand National Hurdle Race, and will each run on his own merits. If this be the ease, Sheet Anchor i bound to needs q point or two in ths betting on Saturday, si, in the event of his starting, Insolvent will Mmnue Valley on Saturday being the 'most reoent addition to the aeons of the descend ants of ths big sire's stock. By-the-way, those bather who have token my advice, tendered some mopthsEiqoc, to always follow Mr. Miller's oatt£ij£ab&ad; mnoh the woratof it this season, aa tbey invariably go oat at long prioaa, sevens and eights to one bring freely offered against Scndley ion Saturday. As, st ths V.B.O. Grand National lb. Miller has three engaged in the two steeplechases, it zhayhuft be bad btisintsi U lAxe.b'-Toog shot ahohl whichever -ht.KBKdl.-' flhave 6 very vivid reoolleotlon of lbs manner in whioh Kulkyne spresdeagled the Maiden i Steeplechase field last year until he asms down a oouple of jumps from home. I Amateub came so fast at the finish for the Hiudle BaoaqtMoonee Valley pn Satur day thitmsoljfvoVejtosqck (a mark against Ins name aiicl watch nim next time he geto in a race with nine atone on his Imck. \- 1 ( i Ths sensational support accorded 'St. John list Saturday has caused backers to hunt up is' handicapped in the Coalfield Cap at 7et. 101b., end in the Melbourne Cap (for whioh he was backed) at 7st. 31b, at which weight ha mast be considered up to his neck in the two mile race. I am not partial to any of the Conrad's with - more than 8t. on their baeka, but Mr. Hart's hone has oertainly nothing to complain of in either the Canlfield or Melbourne Cups. His beat performances ere his Boorke Handicap and 8.AJ.0. Han dicap victories ; in the first event, six fur longs, be carried 6st. 131b., and got home in Imin. 27jsec, and in the S.AJ'.O. Handicap; of a mile and a quarter, he carried 7ti 61b. - home in the phedBmally fast time iff 2min. bfvec. On tbee two achievements alone the brown has dsmonstrated his possession of brilliant speed, and the fact of his party booking him so heavily seemsto indicate their belief in hit staying abilities. Bktebeiso to Newstosd's Derby prospects a writer in the 'Adelaide Observer says " Newstoad is decidedly on the big side" after his long spell, and his forelegs do not look to be of the " serviceable kind" necessary for horse who must go through an exceptionally heavy preparation. Melton, it is true, was always under snspioion on account of a weak log, and yet his traiaer was enabled to get him enough to fight out a very severe raoe at Epsom. The scare about Newriead may prove ho batter founded than were the objections to the English Derby f avonrite ; but, without wishing to disoonnt the obit's Derby oh once in any way, I shall unhesitatingly express iny Opinion that Mr. M'Donsld has a very anxious and troublesome time before him in preparing the present favourite for the V.B.C. Derby, and if he anooeeda in landing him at ths post fit to ran he will hove per- formed a task whioh many persona just now regard aa very difficult of aooomplishment. In writing this I do not for a moment wish people to understand that I am one of those oroakers who say Newstead oaonot win the Derby;' but the colt has all his trouble before Mm, and until he gets into fast work and is going on satisfactorily baokere will be using s wise discretion if they forget his brilliant form last year and let him slone for tho Derby.", Aa oar contributor" Vigilant," in somewhat plainer Saxon and fewer words, wrote off tbe Derby favourite's present abanoes ot oanying off the bine riband more than a month baok, this Adelaide informa tion " from ths seat of wav" oomea rather lata in the day, and would possibly have boon still later had we not given prominence to theoondition of the colt. The aooeplanoes for ths handicaps io be ran at tbe Deniliqoin Jockey Club meeting are due tbis evening at eight o'oloek. En tries for the Maiden Plate must be mads by right o'elook p.m. on Monday next. ! Owxkbs and trainer should beer in mind that entries for the Victoria Amateur Turf Clnb Grand National Meeting, to be held sit Canlfield on Saturday, 15th August, donan Monday next at feu o'olook... The programme is as riohaa it Is varied and attractive. First od thS list is the Sapling Stakes, oi 100 sovs., for two-year-olds, ths distanoa bring three fnriohgs. The Hnrdls Baoe, with 200 aovs. added, follows, and should attract a large entry. Than oomea the Selling Baoe. The big event of the meeting, the Canlfield Grand ' National Steeplechase, with 260 aovs., oomea next, and is ante to attract a lam field. The Balaclava Stakes, of 100 sore., distance seven fnriongs, is ths last event on the programme. t Thk subjeot of our ill nitration this week ii Mr. B. P. Wilson, tho English crook cross- obuntry horseman, who won the last Grand National Steeplechase.- — " Mkbuk," in the Tasmanian, , writes : — ".I am glad-to leant that Mr. Alfred Page's colt fori, by .British Workman out of First Fruit, by Broomielow out of Cbony Xrevby Flying Dutchman ont iff Marietta, by The. Baron, is' doing wdL The mam went to Budid last season. The fool by -British - Workman;-ontiOf First Fruitis brother jig- blood to GaUiardjthe Two Thoosand winder, and I should like to tea the mam go again! to the British Workman. It ahonld not he forgotten that' on the rite's side he is grand son -iff .thk famous Voltigusr, while .on the dam's ride he rats baok to imported Bddlo. The booth rites and other privileges in .connection With the V.R.C. Stoeptedhafce -meeting werk offered yestetdoy by Meesrs. Campbell, Pratt and Co. Tho buyers and prices given were' as follow Booth No. 6a, Mr.: 8. Bkinhier, Golden Gala Hotel, South Melbonme, £12;, booth No. 1, Mr. 6.1 .Skinner, £16; booth No. 3, Mr. Sheehan, New Treasury Hotel, 8pring-sfmet, £11 ; booth No. 6, Mr. HfggioF, Golden Lion Hotel, Palmenton-stmet,'£9; booth No. 7, Mr. 8. Skinner, £7 ; booth No. 9k, Mr. S. Spinner, £10. Only one. booth on the Flat was cold, and- it waa purchased by Mr. C D. Melbohnis; for '£61 Tho UBO of the oViltr oarmgqpsddook.was hnpokedAown twrM/v Jp%i|ernprdjet £8 10s., snd'the .tighl of Faking the money at tits entraaee gatato Mr. E. Samuels for £13. The fish and Trait rites were passed in. OxKBHiX's " Monthly Turf Register " far July is to hand, acd is, as tuual, replete with a moss of-rsoing iuforanatiim. This month's issue Is printed with new typo, upon superior .paper, and does credit alike to tits compiler and printer. : Thk match of 3000 points np for the championship and £100 a-side between J. Bennett and J. Roberts, jun., resulted in favour of Roberts by no less then 1640, or mors than half ths points played. Although beaten so airily (says the London Sportsman) it mast not be taken for granted that the form is true, as Bennett has been tor ths lest six days under the hands of' the doctor, and has in consequence been unable to exhibit his usual skill. Still, even at his best we do not think he oould succeed in lowering the colours of Roberts, who is certainly superior to any other cueist, either st the spot- barred game, all-in, or on a small pocket table. Daring the present season, which is now nearly over, the champion has dearly proved that he con concede points to any player in England, and also defeat them. The feature of his form was his spot practioe, and he succeeded is holing the red on one occasion fifteen, and on another six teen times, the last-named bsing the largest number of apote ever made on a- champion ship table is a match. That Roberta fast cat all previous records in championship gomes. Thk entries for tbe Winter. Meeting of the Williamstewn Olnb are snob ae ahonld please Mr. Sutton end his committee. Then ore no fewer than 25 in the Hurdle 'Base, amongst whom arc Tattler, Agitation, . Inglesidee, Vnloan, Amateur, Belle Brandon, Dacleary, and Stationer ; 11 have been nominated for the Railway Stakes, including Albanns, the donble winner at Moonee Valley ; there are 15 in the Steeplechase, including Deoeiver, Studley. Union, Tattler, and Straggler. The Epsom Handioap has attracted an entry of 24, and it inrindes some good performers, snob u Hoonebee, Kit Nobbles, Middlemarch, Phan tom, The Ghost, sod others. Me, Bokihsok hes reoeived good entries, both aa regards number-sad quality, for tho Geelong Winter Steeplechase Meeting, to be held en Saturday, the letAnglut. There are 26 in the firit event, the Beilway Stakes, and they include such good .performers Irralee, Sir Charles, Stafford, Jwralea, Honeycomb, Unoee, and Hannibal, The Two-year-old Stakee has 19 in it. Twenty- nine hare been entered for the Winter Handicap, including Moonihee, Precious Stone, Britisher, Silver King, Irralee, Lando, St. Lawrance, Graoe 'Darling, and other good oner. There arc 18 . in the Trotting Baoe, and 11 in tho Selling Flat Baoe. The Steepleohase hat attracted ;the very fair entry of 18. Here we hare ISoIebrook, Progress, Old 8ou, Dundee, Leo, , Joe's Indian Queen II., Sir Samuel, Studley, | end other well-known performers engaged. iThere are 17 in the Hurdle Baoe. The Geelong meeting ie always a popular on with metropolitan sportsmen, and the r> inter gathering promises to be no ero-pton 'o tbe rule. aUK nominations for the Her-hem rices, l. l-.i 4": c:"5e ou 7.iur- . r.,.-' -.jiie u.e.t-e >rn the dew ; I>.f . ? ' .0 e:j rl-.A-. ilUgcrbar. a satis- I Mb Oahb ttlls me that, as the Hbcaroe i ill Ground is not in a St cocditiou i play uu, the icatcb Ewcdco v. iTtlbjurtAC- will be plated on tbe Melbourne Cricket Ground. The Bnolemeucy of tbe weatber has retarded tbe drainlag operations, but Mr. Oarr hopes to bare It ready in a tow weeks. A&tokgst-.; the Sydney Tiiitors who have arrived to aiwist at our Waterloo Cup and Grand Rational meeting, we bare noticed Messrs. MQuade, Lord, Gannon,. £. E. Jones, 44 Caspian" Town and Country), Jack Thompson, Oxenham, Glennister, Joe Milihorpe,. J. H. White, and other sports men. I» another column 14 Jastitia" traverses Professor Fraser's artiole on Donald Dinnie— published in last week's SwsaiUH— sad points out what the Scottish champion athlete baa done, both physically and men tally, in proof of hie aseertioa that the Professor la wrong in hie estimate of Dinme. Mxssas. Campbell, Pblatt and Co. sub mitted at auction yesterday a number of raoeborses. Union, tbe well-known steeple- ob after, was sold to Mr. EL Weekes for llOgs. ; Unique and New Babylon were passed in Mr. Bust's grey gelding, Robin, was paseed in at 250gt», the highest bid being 150gs. Tax Middle Park Stud Company of New Zealand have sustained a serious loes in the death of their mare £m Avant,.dame of Van guard and Forerunner Sbe was a very fashionably-bred mare, being by Lord Byron from Ledy Mery (Gang Forward dam) by Orlando. She was foaled in 1873. Tax ateamar from Adelaide on Thursday last brought over Lord Wilton, Manfred, Ghilde Harold, and The Bishop. Tbey sre located at the Newmarket Hotel. As newly-formed Yerong Creek Turf Olub will hold their first meeting' on the Tueeday following the Mntrnmbidgee Turf Club's Spring gathering. The programme comprises a Flying Handicap, of three- quaxtem ot a mile, a Hurdle Raoe, about two miles g a Selling Plate, of three- quarters, of a mile; a Braoelet, of a mile and a. quarter, end Final Flutter, one mile. The members of the committee are Messrs. P. €.-Hw-Croka AJSavkhi, and F. W. Gowlland, and the stewards are Messrs. E. C. Pearson, P. Hann, J Oox, C. Ho Croker, and H. King. " The Btawell 'AmsT»ufRafflhgtHubvtnleiia to bold a meeting oa-TbniMlay, -the 20th of August. Six events are to he too, namely:— ItSien Plate,' £10; Hurdle Baoe, £16 Selling Bsoe, £10; Pablioans Purse, £20 Handioap Trot, £10 ; and Show Gift, £16. . Ea tries for the. Hurdle Raoe, Pabuoans Purse, and Show Gift Sire due on 12th Au- giustr wbitetrmmonfssfkna for tlmrDthEr events most be made an.l8tb August. Ai l meeUng of Melbourne TatttirsaU'e.' held on Friday hit; it was decided to take new rooms at the Golden Fleece Hotel, in Russell-street. A lette? was received from Mr. Byron Moore, the secretary of tbe Yic- toria Baring ffiob, etaUng tbat tbe removal of tbe ecrateblng-board would be considered when the various improvements were under consideration. ' The feUowing anecdote is related by the rwriter of the lutensting .article on .jockey tin Magazine: — " I remember one raoe in particular where two horses of note wjere opposedito eaiob other over a distance of . ground, pad ip .order bo ensure a pace another horse wat subsidiBed in one of their intereele to start also; 'From what happened t should eaj thmt the riders pf jthe oraus' had orders tq wait on each other and not. notice the; third,' hom' the fdea that be -ooixld fidt;gelf %pay from thsma .At anjxate. tbat is what 1-tey did and ellowed their leader to get iuch a start .that, thsy-.jever -pould -<mtcb him gaiu,;and he' bykfeve£al lengths, in spite of alithmr efforts to oVef haul him when they awoke to the situation." "Wb mentioned last weak that the Victoria Baring Club's Spring programme of 1686 would contain a new event, to be called the Spring Juvenile Stakes. The race, whiria will be for two-year-rid geldings, will havi»r as added money 300 sovs. ; the weight will be 8at. 6lb., and the distance five furibue. The race ebonld be a popolar one, -and' if it ehould only be the means of reducing ths yearly increasing number of weedy stallions, good benefits will accrue. Wx mentioned a couple of weeks sinew that the 'Postmaster-General 'bad stopped all letters, paofoti, newspapers, and parcdsposted' in tbis colony for Mr. J. J; Miller, Yocfc Hotel, Sydney. This action was taken under' the 28th section of the Post-ofBee Act passed in 1688. Mr. Miller's solicitor, on the other band, gave it as his opinion that tbe Post- muter-General had no power to stop letters addressed t0 placet bond the colony. The matter was referred to the Attorney-General, who has confirmed the action taken by the Postmaster- General. Tub Sale Turf Olub intend to hold a Winter Steeplechase Meeting on Wednesday, tbe 5th of August. The following is tho programme Handicap "Hurdle Baee, two miles, £25i$.Gippsland Hop Bitten- Handi cap, one mile, £30; Selling Hurdle Baee, one nrito and a half, £25 ; Handicap Steeple— chaee, two miles, £40 ; and Selling Stakes, six furloogflj £25. Nominations fOr the handi caps are due on Monday, 20th July, lie weights will be declared on the following Friday, and the date of entry and acceptance is Saturday, 1st August. Mr. Vb tries -will make tbe handicaps. . The committee of tbe Ballarat Turf dub are about to make several improvements to the course at Dowting Forest. The grand- stand accommodation is to be greatly increased, and the saddling paddock is to be extended. The members carriage paddock, is to be removed. Trainers will no doubt be -glad to learn tbat it is intended to erect' Scraptng sheds, and altogether, by the expenditure of about £X&00, the course and surrroundinge will be greatly , improved. Ths entries for the GeelongBaring Olub'a Sires Produce Stakes and Foal Stakes ham been completed. 127 have been nominated for the Foal Stakee, or ten more than last year, and 69 for tbe Sires' Produee Stakes, or 9 more than last year. Su> Thorns Kldor has nominated no fewer- than 25 .foals, sired by Gang Forward,. Neckersgat, Dam well. Emulation, and Wild Eagle. Mr. Fl Reynolds hat 18: by The Drummer, Gnldsbrongb, and Darebin Mr. H. Phillips has also the same number by Slanderer, Paris, .King ofithe- Ang lers, St Albans, Tbe Hook, and Weld Bagle. Mr. J. Wilson's IB. comprise foals by St. Albans, Fust King, Lothair, and Bosworth. The Messrs. Finlay have II by Vffbttmgton, King Cole, and Newminster.. Mr. A. Town has IO, by Epigram, Maribyrnong, Grand Flaneur, Darebin, and Moorthorpe, and the Hon. J. White's lot cemnrise foals .bv Chester and The PontifiV Mr. Hi J- Bowler ha'fdoTen yD'a 'fertile '"iW Pwe.iwS:uA<.. bte. J. vr.uoi, hcaila list r-u it bv it. _l.n-.an-, >: m Kiny. and : l.-'hoir. Mr. 3. G»Hu>r foitovr. wita 1? otlicr wcll-kn-v. u brce>-.-ia ura r.-nrf -ril-'i in b.,tV, -lake... I Loud Haaats teenj. ucuoumwuiI to I tbe question of unfair bowling to a bead. H. - I baa announoed bia intentioo of inviting tbe I oommitue of his county to proteat againat tba employment by Lanoaabira of Noah and Oroaelund by refuving to zneet tbe county In a return match arranged for. He baa pnbliehed in tba daily papera a letter on the enbjeot, vrhteb be bae addreaaed to tbe oom- miiteo of tin Lenoaahire Glnb, end whioh will meet with tbe sympathy, it ie hoped, and aotive eupport of nearly bII orioketere. Too many look oi tbe queation aolely from the point of view of tbe bat. men, few ot whom probably wotdd objeotto any form of otteok, loeing eight of tbe fact that in tba aoienoe of bowling, as exhibited by Bpoffbrth and other ooloniei bowlare, undeniably, foirncae ii endangered by tbe admiadon of throwing. 