SPORTING NEWS. THE V.R.C. MEETING. DERBY DAY. Saturday. (FROM OUR MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT.) A sloppy derby ! In that phrase the situ ation is completely comprebended. steady rain fell all night and throughout the morn ing, and it seemed likely at one time that the race meeting would have to be post poned but certain indications of a break induced the stewards to persevere, and they were rewarded by a moderately due after noon, the atmosphere continuing muggy, but with little ram falling. The Sourse, ite approaches, the lawn, the carriage paddock, and the paths were all in a condition of oozy slop. The ladies were mostly muffled up in over-garments and wraps, and dared not show their bravery; and although the attendance at the ground was much larger than could possibly have been expected under the circumstanoes, it was difficult to resist the de- exhilarating influences of the elements, which had rendered Derby Day auy thing but what we liad anticipated. ' His Excellency the Governor, Sir William Robin son, Lady Loch, Admiral Tryon, and other ladies and gentlemen occupied the vice regal box, and remained until after the Derby, which was not run until five miuutcs past a. The catering for creature comforts was good, and as the ring was pretty fairly knocked about, the gentle public enjoyed themselves more than usual. As at the Caulfield meeting, the judging of the races proved somewhat variable, two mistakes being made in announcing the placed horses, one, that of posting Uralla instead of hi ordcnfeldt for Derby, might have proved serious. The first race, started about 1 o’clock, was:— Meleoupne Stakes. Mr D. O'Brien’s b h Trenton (Robertson), 9st .. 1 Mr M. Loughlin’s br li Sheet Anchor (O'Brien). 9st 41b .. 2 Mr J. Wilson’s, iun., borbre Ringmaster (Moore) 7st nib- . 3 The following also started:—Bosworth, Prometheus, Honeydew, and Cyclops. Latest Betting—s to 2 Ringmaster, 4 to 1 Trenton, 5 to 1 Sheet Anchor and Honeydew, C to 1 Mozart and Prometheus. Ringmaster assumed the lead, followed in order by Trenton, Sheet Anchor, and Mozart, but on approaching the bridge Trenton began to creep up and on passing that structure had secured a prominent place, and Bos worth went off with a great lead from Trenton; Ringmaster and Cyclops being next. On reaching the abattoirs, Cyclops headed Bosworth, Trenton third, Mozart fourth, and Sheet Anchor last, and Cyclops assumed a lead round the turn, Ringmaster and Trenton coming next in order. In a well contested race home Sheet Anchor went up but was overhauled by Trenton, Ring master running well in third place. Trenton won by three quarters of a length. Time, 2 min. 16 4 see. Hotham Handicap. Mr S. Davis* br m Lesbia, Cst 51b (MtDowcll) .. 1 Mr J. Whittiugham's b h Mentmorc, Cst 101 b (Grey) 2 Mr G. S. Howe’s br or bl h Signor, Cst 101 b (Brown) 3 Siguor carried lb over weight. The fol lowing also started: - Off Color, Chuckster, Anglesey, Comet, Doncaster, Kingship, Lantern, Agitation, and Genoe. Latest bet ting-—4 to 1 Comet and Anglesey, 5 to 1 off Color, Doncaster, Mentmore, Lesbia, 6 to 1 Chuckster, and 7 to 1 Agitation. A good start was effected, Agitation taking the lead, with Doncaster leading tlic field. Lantern and Anglesey soon ran into places, but on reaching the bridge the field closed on Agitation, who, however, still maintained a slight; lead, Doncaster second, ami Comet third. Agitation led past the Abbattoirs with a lead of two lengths, and Signor disposed of Doncaster, and Lesbia took third place. Signor continued to improve his position and led into the straight, but was then tackled and vanquished by Mentmore, who looked like a winner. Lesbia, however, came strongly on the outside, aiul after a good struggle won by half a length. Time, 2 uiiu. 57 see. Weigut-fok-Age Hurdle Race. Mr C. H. T Halt's ell h The Agent, 12st 21b (Ferguson) .. ■■ ■■ •• .. 1 Hon. \V. l’earson's b m Gasalier, list lUb (Gar diner) .. •• •• •• ..2 Mr J. Cripps’ bl h Duration, list 101 b (11‘Leod) .. 3 Molrow "and Royal Maid also started. Latest betting—G to 4 on The Agent, 5 to 2 agst Duration, 4 tol Royal Maid, 10 to 1 the other two. Royal Maid led from the start, but Duration went to the front, and led over the first Hurdle, followed by Royal Maid and Molrow, and much the same position was maintained over the next jump. Gasalier then went forward, and was first into straight, followed closely by Duration, Royal Maid,' and The Agent. The order over the hurdle near the Ladies’ Reserve was Gasalier Duration, Royal Maid. The Agent; and over the stand fence the positions were the same. Molrow had dropped behind, and was already being ridden by Gardiner, but to no purpose. Passing the river side Royal Maid ran up to second place. Duration and The Agent next, and Molrow entirely out of the race. Royal Maid then improved her position, and led past tlic bridge with Gasalier and Duration running together close up. Molrow was by this time some 30 lengths in the rear. At the abat toirs The Agent began to go for ward, but Royal Maid held a lead of two lengths past the sheds, Gasalier and Duration having the Agent close behind them. The race home then commenced, ami the favorite soon had the race in hand, win ning by a good length. Time, 3 min. 55.i sec. Maribyrnong Plate, Hon. J. White’s eh f Acme, Sst 511) (Hales) .. 1 Mr 1,. Watson’s cli f Matldclina, Sst 51b (Weasel) .. 2 Mr D. Cooper's ell c Blairgowrie, Sst lib (Robertson) 3 The following also started—Dufferin, Dividend, Damocles, Resort, Cheshaui, Hal cyon, Telephone, Trojan, Essie, Devotion, The Nun, Louisa Berta, Tamarisk. Latest betting—2 to 1 Acme, 4 to 1 Blairgowrie and The Nun, 10 to 20 to 1 others. Halcyon got away first but The Nun led over the tun with Chesham next, aiul then Acme went to the front and woneasily, Maddelina next and Blairgowrie third. Time, 1 min. 44 sec. Selling Race. Mr W. J. Wamc’s i ll c Albanus, Gst 01b .. .. 1 Tlic following also started :—Scaramouch, Phantom, Virago, Wanda, Agatha, Stone broke, Egbert, Solo, Phaon, Sparkle. Albanus won easily, but great confusion ensued as to the placed horses, and the numbers were several times changed and then taken down. Time, 1 min. 31£ sec. The Victoria Derby. Hon. J. White’s br c Nordenfeldt, Sst 101 b (Ellis) .. 1 Mr W Kelso's br c First Chester, Sst lO.b (Kelso) .. 2 Hon. W. Robinson’s br c Winchester (Power) .. 3 Tlic following also started:— Remus, Dun lop, Isonomy, Thunderbolt, and Uralla. Latest betting—o to 4 Nordenfcldt, 4 to 1 Thunderbolt, 5 to 1 Dunlop, G to 1 Isonomy and Uralla, 8 to 1 Remus, 10 to 1 First Chester. As the eight beauties entered for the blue ribaml fidgetted, cantered, or galloped past in the preliminary show off, the favorites from’ the form shown were distinctly Nordenfcldt, Dunlop, and First Chester, though Isonomy had a fetching style, which indicated going powers. There were two or three feints and breaks away before Mr Watson set them going, and Remus was first afoot, with Nordenfeldt, Isonomy, and Thunderbolt next, and close to him Winchester, Dunlop, and First Chester, with Uralla acting as rear guard. Turning along the river Isonomy ran into second place, a length separating him from Remus, the others closing up, Uralla moving forward, First Chester still very muchintheruck. Goiugalongby the abattoirs Remus cried enough, and Isonomy assumed a splendid lead, Nordenfeldt taking second place, Dunlop moving up to him, First Ches ter rapidly coming through, and Uralla trying to get on terms with the first division. Coin" along by the sheds, Uralla challenged her stable companion. Thunderbolt being next on her quarter, First Chester coming through very strongly, and Isonomy weakening. Isonomy led into the straight by about a length and a half, bnt First Chester closed upon him, and as they swept down to the carriage paddock it looked as if Chester’s son would repeat the triumph of his sire, hut Nordenfeldt hoi c made his rush, and gaining inches in every stride crept to Ins quarter as the fountain in the carriage paddock was reached, to his head as tlic steps at the end of the stand were passed, to his noseat the press box, and won a magnificent contest by about half a nose length amid the wild cheers of the enthusiastic populace. The time (2 min. 48? sec.) was slow as compared with some Derbys, but great allowance has to be marie for the sloppy state of the course. The posi tion First Chester achieved will probably, when the difference in weight is considered, cause him to be heavily backed for the Cup. Coburg Stakes. Mr T. Jones’ br h Bohemian, 7st 61b (Flannojan) 1 Messrs W. and A. Crosier's br g Lantern, Sst Ilia Hon.” W?Pearson’s b f Parody, Gst (Goory) • 3 The following also started:—(--huckster, Stafford, The Ghost, Irralee, Dirk Hatteraick, The Israelite, Wing, Lord Exeter, Laving ton, Merrimu, Marie. Louise,. Tempe, Waverley, Recall, Real Jam, Buttress. Latest betting—2 to 1 Tempe, 5 to 1 Merrimu, 6 to 1 Stafford, The Ghost, Mario Louise. Time, 1 min. 59J see. vr V' f? Y IiLKCTBIC TeLKGBAFH.] No business is yet done on the Cup, but prices for Nordenfeldt, First Chester, and Trenton have,-shortened, and the second horse ; named is likely to be strongly sup ; ported on the strength of his Derby run ning. Subsequent to yesterday’s racing' it was rumored that Kelso, the rider'of First Chester, was likely to be called to account for his management of his mount in crossing Nordenfeldt, but it appears the mistake was the result of a pure accident, as it is alleged the jockey threw First Chester out of his stride iu changing his whip. Numbers of sporting men consider this carelessness lost Kelso the race, and prefer First Chester’s chance in the Cup to Nordenfeldt’Sj who, however, is first favorite. 