The Leavenworth Case. XXXVII.—( Continued.) •My first thought was to procure the letter he was writing. Approaching the table, I tore it out from under his .hands, looked at it, saw that it was, as I expected, a summons to his lawyer, •and thrust it into my pocket, together <with the letter' from Mr. Olavering, which. I perceived lying spattered with blood on the table before me. Not till this was done did I think of myself or remember the echo which that low, sharp report must have made in the house. Dropping the pistol at the side murdered inau, I stood ready to J*jiek to anyone who entered, that Mr. Xieavenworth had killed hinself. But £ was saved from committing such a folly- The report had not been heard, t>r/i «o, had evidently failed to create u^Wlawsi. No one came, and I was left to contemplate my work undis- turbed. A moment's study of the wound made in his head by the bullet convinced me of the impossibility of passing tbe affair ofi as a suicide, or even the work of a burglar. To anyone versed in such matters it was manifestly a murder, and a most deliberate •one. My one hope, then, lay in making it as mysterious as it was deliberate,. by destroying all clew to the motive and manner of the deed. Picking up the pistol, I carried it into the other room with the intention of cleaning it, but finding nothing there to do it with, came baok for the handkerchief which I remembered having seen lying on the floor at Mr. Leavenworth's feet. It was Miss Eleanore's, but I did not know it till I had used it to clean the .barrel; then the sight of her initials on it so shocked me, I forgot to clean tbe cylinder,, and only thought of how I < >uld do away with this evidence of her handkerchief having been employed for a purpose so suspicious. Not dar- ing to carry it from the room, I sought for. means to destroy, it,, but finding none,' compromised the matter by, thrusting it deep down behind the cushion of one of the chairs, in the hope of ; being able to recover-it some time next day, when an opportunity would he given to burn It. This done I reloaded the pistol, locked it up, and prepared to leave the room. But here theliorror which usually, follows such deeds struck me like a thunder- bgit and made me for the. first time uncertain in my action. I locked the door on going out, something I should never have done if I had been in full possession of my faculties. Not till 1 reached the top of the stairs did I jrealiee what I had done, and then it was too lateIds' there, candle in hand, surprise" written on every feature of her face,'stood Hannah, one of the servants, looking at me. , a Lor, sir," she cried,, in a low tone, " where have you been ? You look as if you had seen a ghost." And her eyes turned suspiciously to the key which I held in iriy hand. I felt as if someone had clutohea me round' &e; throat. Thrusting Jthe ljsej into my pocket, I took a Btep toward her. " I will tell you what I have seen if you will come down stairs," I whispered ; " the ladies will be disturbed if we talk here;" and smoothing my, brow as "best I could, I put out iny hand and drew her toward me. What my motive was I hardly knew; the action was probably; instinctive, -bit when I _ saw the look which .came into her face .•,1} as l-touched her. and the &lacrity; with which ehe prepared to follow ine, I 3todifc courage, •remembering j the one or two previiraB tokens haft /tacbotthis girl's unreasonable susceptibility to my influence; a susceptibility whioli I now. felt could be utilised and made to serve my'pu'irpDBie: , ; ',._/" Taking her down to the parlour floor, I drew her into the depths of the great drawing-room; add there told h6r in the least alarming way "possible'what had happened to Mr. Leavenworth. She was of course intensely agitated, but she did not scream—the novelty of her position evidently awing her as much as it bewildered—and greatly relieved, I went on to say that I did not know who committed the deed, but that folks would dedare it was I if they knew I had been sepn by her on the stairs with, the library tey in; my hand. " But ! won't tell," she. whispered, tremblitig violently in her fright and eagerness. '' I will keep jt to myself.. I will say I didn't see anybody." But I soon convinced her that she could never keep her secret if the police once began to question her, and following up my? argument with a little cajolery, succeeded after a long while in winning her consent to leave the house till, the storm should be blown over. But that given it was some little time before I could make h6r comprehend that she must depart at once, and without going back for her things. Not till I brightened up her wits by a promise to marry her some day, she only obeyed mej now, did she begin to look the thing in the face and show any evidence of the real mother-wit she evidently po&sessed.; " Mrs. Belden would take me-in," said she, "if I could only get to R——. She take3 everybody in who asks her, and she would keep me, too, if I told herMiss Mary sent me. But I can't get there to-night." I immediately set to work to convince her that she could. . The midnight train did not leave tbe city for a half hour yet, and the distance to the depot could be easily walked by 7 'her in fifteen minutes. But she had no money!—I easily supplied that. And she was afraid she could not find hec Way! I entered into minuteBt directions. She still hesitated, but at length consented to go, and with bOme further understanding of the method I was to employ in communicating wuh her, we went down stairs. There we found a hat and shawl of the cook's which I put on her, and in another moment we were in the carriage yard. "Remember, you are to say nothing of what has occurred, no matter what happens," I whispered in parting injunction as she turned to leave me. " Remember you are to come and marry me some day," she murmured in reply, throwing her arms about my neck. The movement was sudden, and it was probably at this time she dropped the candle she had held unconsciously, clenched in her hand till now. I promised her, and she glided out of the gate. Of the dreadful agitation that followed the disappearance of this girl, I can give no better idea than by saying not only committed the additional error of locking up the house on my reentrance, but'omitted to dispose of the key then in my p'ocket, by flinging it into the street or dropping it in the hall as I went up. The fact is, I was so absorbed by the thought of the danger I stood in from'this girl, I forgot everything else. Hannah's pale face, Hannah's look of terror as she turned from my side and flitted do ten the street were continually before me. I could not escape them; the form of the dead man lying below was less vivid. It was as though I were tied in fancy to this woman of the white face, fluttering down the midnight streets. That she would fail in something—come back or be brought back—that 1 should find her standing white and horror-stricken on the front steps when I went in the morning, was like a nightmare to me. But even these. thoughts faded after awhile before the realisation of the peril I was in as long as the key and papers remained in my pobsession. How to get rid of them! 1 dared not leave my room again, or opoa my window. Some one might see me and remember it. Indeed, I was afraid to move about in my room. But the necessity of doing something with these evidences of guilt finally overcame this morbid anxiety, and drawing the two letters from my .pocket —-[ had not yet undressed—I chose out the more dangerous of the two, that written by Mr. Leavenworth himself, and chewiDg it until it was mere pulp, throw it into a corner; but the other had blood on it, and nothing, not even the hope of safety, could induce me to put it to my lips. I was forced to lie with it clenched in my hand, and the flitting image of Hannah before my eyes, till the slow morning broke. But with daylight came hope. Whether it was the sunshine on the wall made me think of Mary and all I Was ready to do for her sake, or whether it was the mere return of my natural stoicism in the presenoe of actual necessity, I cannot say. I only know that I arose calm and master of myself. The pioblem of the letter and key had solved itself also. Hide them ? I would not try to! Instead of that I would put them in plain sight, trusting to that vfcry, faot of. their being overlooked. ing the letter up into lighters I carried them into the spare room and placed them in a vase. Then, taking the key ini my hand, went down stairs, intending; to rnsert it in the lock of the library aoor as I went by. But Miss Eleanore deBcendingalmoBt immediately .behind me made this impossible. Isucbeeded; however, in thrusting it, without her knowledge, among the filagree work «f ! the : gas fixture in the second hall,vand>thUB relieved, went down into the breakfast-robin, as 'sdf-posseased a man :;as,.vever,; crossed its threshold, Mary yds tbare, looking exceedingly iihd.diekbartened, and as I,met ner eye^ wb^ ' fdf !a 'i»q^&er;: turned upon me as I.^eratLI'wuw,almost have laughed, thinking tof the deliverance thathadcotifer'ttt'lier.-findof thelime the man waotad accotnjtliehejl it . v Of the Talartn-timt rgpeeMy'followed, and my action At tih^ -iiito and afterward, I need not. speak 3a detaSL behaved juataal wonldhave.done i£Ji Lad had ao hand in the murder.^Indeed, I tried to forget I had.. Even, forbore to touoh the key, or go to the spare room, or, make any movement Which 1 WM not Willing all the world "Bliould see. For as thingB stood, there was not a shadow of evidence against .me in the house; neither,was I, a hardworking, uncomplaining secretary, whose passion for one of hie employer's nieoes was not even mistrusted by the lady herself, a person to be suspected of the crime which threw him out of a fair situation. Sol performed all the duties of my position, summoning the police and going for Mr. Veeley. 