FKOM LOXUOX TO MCE. (By Saituel Winter Cooke.) ururr The morning of Monday was closed with a visit to the Mamertine prison. In the after noon we drove to the Forum Romanum, the Forum, us we are accustomed to call it. though. in fact, there were many other Fora, in Rome besides this oue of world-wide fame. Were it possible to imagine anybody of education en tirely ignorant of the history of Rome, one might suppose such a person to be greatly disappointed at his first eight of the Forum. Emerging out of narrow aud sinuous streets you come almost suddenly on a long rectangular hollow, more than twenty feet below the level of the streets, which run along its north- eastern side, and in part skirt tbe other sides. In this hollow the fragments of ruins, basis of pillars, broken Doric and Corinthian capitals, richly sculp tured friezes, and other valuable debris. From amongst these ruins rise in mournful and desolate grandeur a few pillars, all that remain of the glories of the past, and amongst them, the one almost perfect WGrk, the Arch of Septi mus Severus. Our iinsgi&ary; visitor would lament such a waste of space, especially in the capital of United Italy. One can easily imagine his making many suggestions as to the utility to which this open ground might be placed. Perhaps he might, if be were very utilitarian, suggest its being laid out in building allot ments; or, if be were pbilanthropical, in a public garden, where the children from the neighbour ing alleys might breath a fresher air, and enjoy their games beneath the deep 6hade of the spreading ilex. But no man of any education can be thus ignorant Scanty though our recol lection may be of what we learnt iu our school days, wc still remember enough to look upon this spot as very hallowed ground. Let us de cern! into the Forum, and taking up our position at the north-eastern end, with our backs to tbe capital, take a hurried glance at our surroundings. Across there to the south, on the slope of the Palatine is the traditional Lupcrcal, the cave where tbe she- wolf suckled Komulus aud Remus. Wc our selves are standing in the once marshy ground which lay betweco the Capitolice and Palatine, and which in the days of the kings was drained by the famous Cloaca Maxima. A few minutes walk whence we stand will bring us to the Cloaca, which was recently discovered running under the south-eastern end of the Basilica Julia. From the days of the kings we pass rapidly to republican times. Round this forum, this meeting place of the people, has grown up temples dedicated to the various deities in Rome, and these temples, in imperial days, were rebuilt in greater splendour, as befitted the conqueror of the world. But the space had become too small; and Augustus, following the plans of his uncle, the great Jnlius, altered tbe Forum, and it is his arrangement of that historic place tbat later excavations are now bringing to light. But it may be asked, how did the ancient Fonun aud its immediate surroundings become bo deeply hid, as to need excavations ? The last column, that of Phocas, was erected in AD. 69S, but even before that time had commenced "the wm of extermination waged by the Middle Ages against paganism." iSome temples were turne! into Christian Basilicas, others were in part destroyed, and their rich columns used in Christian churches. Among these latter rose the fortified houses and castles of the Roman nobility. The materials for these came from older buildings, and when lime was wanted they did not hesitate to burn the costly marble adorning some noble temple. Instead of czrting away tbe ruins of some ancient temple or palace they would level tbe debris and build ti)on it Hence, in the Middle Ages, about the 11th or 12th centuries, tbe Forum was thickly covered with towers and fortress walls. These were destroyed about that time, and the rubbish heap became greater, until finally it lost the old uime of Forum, aud was called Campo Vaceino, from the buffaloes and oxen of the peasantry tbat were brought there for sale. Time hriugs strange revolutions. Virgil, writing of the site of tbe Forum, tells us how once it was the pasture-ground of cattle. Little did he think that once again would cattle graze upon it, and all tbe gorgeous temples and palatial public buildings be levelled to the ground. We face to tbe south- east. To our left rises the north arch of Septimus Severus, and to our ngut is tbe Temjne of Saturn, with its seven columns, and behind ue, the three remaining columns of tbe Temple of Vespasian. Pasting under the arch of Serverus we walk along the very stones ot the Fta Sacra, having on our right the Rostra and the column of Phocas, and still further to tbe right tbe Basilica of Julia, partly erected by Jnlins Caar, but finished by Augustus. A little further on we soon reach the Rostra of Julia, put up by Jalius Caesar, and whence Antony made his famous address to the Romans after the murder of Julius. Close by is the recently discovered temple of Jnlius Ca»sar, which Augustus raised in his honour. This was tbe first temple de dicated to a deified Roman. Being now outside the limits of the Fonun, hut still amid excava tions, we walk through many nuns, at present unnamed by antiquarions, and pass on our left several temples, now turned into churches. Conspicuous on our left is the great Basilica of Constantine, an immense ruin, with throe large arches, whence the architects of St. Peter's got some of their idess in the erection of that greatest of Christian Churches. A few minutes farther and we are standing under the Arch of Titus, perhaps to the Christian tbe most in teresting building of Ancient Rome. Inside the arch, on tbe one ride, is Titus, driven by Roma in a qoadrioa along the Sacred Way iu triumph, and on the other the famous seven- branched candlestick, aud other sacred spoil from Jerusalem, are borne by Roman soldiers. Here we stood some time, partly to and enjoy the sight of the has-rdUfs, which we all know so well through engraving aud photo graphs, and partly to look back to tbe Forum, with its numerous ruins, crowned by the Palace of the Senators and forward down tbe slope to the arch of Constantine and the Colos seum. It was a very beautiful day ; the sun shone bright, and dearly defined shadows were thrown on the bas-reliefs, so that mnch damaged - though they are by time and weather, they stood out distinctly. It is strange to learn that this arch was used in the Middle Ages as a fortress, and called Turris CarUdaria, and that it originally formed the entrance to the vast fortress of the Frapgipanni family. Further, it is still more curious to read that here, above this gate, Pope Urban IL dwelt in 1093 under the protection of the Frangipanni. From the arch the road slopes both ways. We must wait no longer, but continue our walk towards the Colosseum. Before reaching it, our road mgfta another, which passes under the Arch of Con stantine and leads to the gate opening on the Appian way. We did not remain long at this arcb, bat we walked under it and examined the bas-rdiefs. Tbe best of these were taken from an arch of Tkajan's, now no longer in existence ; and having served to commemorate tbe victories of tbat emperor, they now do duty to celebrate the victories of Constantine. Tins way of plundering from older monuments and buildings was very common the old Romans, and theVmstom continued far down the Middle Ages. This veiy arch was robbed of one of its Corinthian columns by Clement VllL, to famish a chapel at the Lateran. But now we enter the Colosseum, tbe greatest and most awe-inspiring of Roman ruins. It is a stupendous ruin, and has the advantage of standing clear and distant from all other buildings. It was capable of holding a hundred thousand people, and yet it was so constructed that it could be emptied of spectators in a few minutes. Vast as it is, it could be co vexed by awnings to pro tect the people from tbe son andxain. This appears almost incredible, but, at tpefop on the exterior «an stillhe been "thesnesailpy which the velarium (or awning) was spread over the whole amphitheatre. Eonnpl/«jrp«e|wato the -middle of the arena, and bore witness to the conquest of the spiritual over tbe material world, the victory -of the cross over paganism. But it was removed what a part of the arena was excavated a few years ago by the present government. These excavations- led to the opening of numerous passages and rooms, used probably for keeping the animals for the wild beast- fights, and for gladiatorial purposes. We climbed up to the very highest point we could, ! by some steep but well kept stops. From this we were able to have some idea of its stupen dous size, and to form, some kind of picture of the terrible past. The painting of the French artht Gerome, comes to our recollection, in which he pourtrays the gladiators standing before the place of honour reserved for the Emperor, and with uplifted hands shouting " A re, Cccsar , tc morituri salulanL" Better to quoto Dickens than make any attempt of our j own : — Ut is no fiction, but plain, sober, honest truth to say : so suggestive and distinct is it at this honr, that, for a moment actually in passing in, they who will, may have the whole great pile before them, as it used to be. with thousands of eager faces staring down into the arena, and such a whirl of strife and blood, aud dust going on there, as no language can describe. Its solitude, its awful beauty and its utterdesolatiou, strike upon the stranger the next moment, like a softened sorrow, and never in his life, perhaps, will he be so moved aud overcome by any right not immediately con nected with his own affections and afflictions. To see it crumbling there, &u; inch a year, its walls and arches overgrown with green, its cor ridors open to the day, the long grass growing in its porches, young trees of yesterday springing up on its ragged parapets, and bearing fruit, chance produce of the seeds dropped there by the birds who build their nests within its chinks and crannies, to see its pit of fight filled up with earth, and the peaceful Cross planted in tbe centre, to climb into its upper halls, and look umphal arches of Constantine, Septimus Severus, and Titus ; the Roman Forum, the palace of the Czesars, the temples of the old religion fallen down and gone — is to see the ghost of old Rome, wicked, wonderful old city, haunting the very ground oo which its people trod. It is the most impressive, the mostslately, the most solemn, grand, majestic, mournful sight conceivable. Never, in its, hloodiocfcrs—«» can the slgbt oT the gigantic Colosseum, full and running over with the lustiest life, have moved one heart, as it must move all who look upon it now — a ruin. God be thanked, a ruin !" Since Dickens wrote the above, some changes have taken place. Of one, tbe removal of the Cross,! have already written. Another, and in one sense, greater change, is the de struction of all the young trees growing on the crumbling ruins. The removal of these, and of much other vegetation has, doubtless, made the place less picturesque, but artistic feeling and poetry must give way to the safety of tbe building. Otherwise, it is evi dent that little will be left for posterity to r.d- mire, but a heap of fallen ruius, overgrown with rank vegetation. Even yet there are many plants of slender growth still remaining, which prevent the walls from being absolutely bare. As we sat above the highest circle of the great boilding, wo had most lovely views, framed by countless arches, all around us ; bright green leaves of spring-time, clothing hoary ruins of the Claudiau aqueduct, or some great fragment of the Palace of the O&saro; : bright strips of cloudless blue sky; distant Jilban or Sabine lulls, and long stretches of the Campagna. It was getting late in theafteruooD, aud before oar return to dinner, we wished oar friends to have a shore glimpse of St. Peter's. So we hurried away from this enchanting spot, and drove across the Tiber to the Vatican. On our way thither, we passed several most interesting places. Under the Arch of Constantine, passing on our right the Palatine Hill, and on our left the Ctelian, we drove down the Via San Gregorio till, we turned sharp to the right, and soon reached tbe Temple of Vesta. This, I think, is one of the best known of Roman temples. From the dnys of Prout down to the artists' photographs of these later times, it has been a veiy favourite subject cither for painting or photography. Alas ! like many another well-known ruin or monu ment in Rome, it must, perforce, change its name. Antiquarians now declare it to have been, not the Temple of Vesta, but of that very muscular but unintellectual giant, Hercules. It is very small, and is suiToandcd by Corinthian columns, which support a modern tiled roof. Thence we drove through the Ghetto, the Jewish quartet. Queer, narrow, winding streets we find here, hung with avenues of clothes, and so narrow that there is scarce room for our Victoria to go through without touching one or other side. Iu among the clothes, women and men, dtcidedly of Jewish caste of countenance, sat busily at work and chattering with one another. The name "Ghetto" is said to be derived from the Hebrew words, broken, de- stroyed, shaven, cast down, cast off, abandoned." Very strange has been the history of these people an Rome. Brought hither by Pompey as slavcs from the Holy Laud, they, in later times, lived in wealth and honour, when their princes, Herod and Agrippa, were received with royal distinction. The early Emperor treated them favourably, but the Flavian dynasty acted very differently, and Doinirian banished them to the Valley of Egeria, where, as we learn from Juvenal, they lived in great poverty and out lawry. The earlier Popes allowed them much liberty, and it was not until the time ot Paul IV. (a.d. 1555) that they were shut up in the j Ghetto. Under the present regime, the Ghetto will soon be a thing of the past. Its narrow, tortuous and unhealthy lanes are to give way to wide streets and boulevards. This part of Rome, like others that are being destroyed by the new brooms of United Italy, is being painted by numerous artists, so tbat old Rome may be not unknown to succeeding generations. Issuing from these alleys, we crossed the tawney Tiber, "to whom the Romans pray," and soon arrived before the great dome of SL Peter's. An obelisk in the centre, a foun tain on either side, throwing up lovely jets of spray, the doable row of pillars erected by Bernini in the time of Alexander VIL, and in front the great facade and lofty dome of San Pietro, now known to everybody in this scene. TVe could only give a very few minutes to its enjoyment, and must therefore postpone some description of it until we come to describe the : events of the day on which we paid our second visiti And then we went over the Oastle of Angelo, across the bridge of that name, to our comfortable quarters in the Piazza di Spagna. So ended oar first day. 