$HSI W&H; SHE €IABE»FOR. By F. W. ROBE5TSON, Author -j£ '?Grandmother's Honey,' ' Coward Con seiertce,'7 'Bpfflr Zeph,' 'Anne Judge, Spinster,' 'The 'Black Speck,' 'Hands of Justice,' 'A Woman's Hansom,' &c.; (Firiili&ed; by speeid arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] BOOK THE SECOXD.-iiOOI) SAALARITANS. Chatter IV.— The Result. The eoinnvcuiication was too much for Lord Keddove, or for that nobleman's good resolu tions of being of benefit to the afflicted and distressed. Had Mr. Overdown taken down one of those old pistols in the trophy of arms before him, loaded it, and fired it at. his lord ship, he could not, to all appearance, have sur jjrised and shocked the father of Mrs. Daiiger tield more completely. Lord Redclove took a long, deep foreatn, ius grey eyes protruded as though a.hand had gripped him by the throat, and nis face was:full of a horror and consterna . tion that the gunsmith wonH have never given it credit for expressing, judging by its sphinx like stolidity of a few minutes back. Still it ?was a momentary shock — callous natures may Tae surprised at ?unforeseen times in this way — and before Daniel Overdown had done wonder ing, his lordship -was himself again. A figure in a phantasmagoria could not have changed more quickly, or been in greater contrast to its last grimace. It was the old, smooth, calm voice — the old calm deportment, that Daniel Overdown had to confront again. Curiosity had been satisfied — lie girl's miserable fate shown; the story, minus the details, which Lord Bedclove did net eare to hear now, made plain from the beginning to the end. 'So bad as tins,' said his lordship; 'ho utterly past nope, both of them ? 'So tad as this, but not past hope,' answered the other. 'There is nothing to be done, my good Baaa.' ' I perceive that now,' said Daniel dryly. He was at the door again, when once more the short, sharp crack of Lord Redclovers voice brought him to a standstill. ** Stop a moment, cant you *' Daniel stopped. ' You are a hasty and ill-tempered kind of y«une fellow,' his lordship continued, 'and are likely to do more harm than good in this quixotic enterprise.-'' ' I do not think so.' 'There is no repose about you.' ' I am a working man, 'answered Overdown ; ' I haven't time for repose.' ' That is no reason ivhv you should always be in such a devil of a hurry, sir,' remaiked his lorddiip. 'Weil, perhaps not.73 '* 'Where laie you going now ?' ' Back to Birmingham.' ' 'What part of Birmingham ?T' '700, Prosser-street.' Lord Rcdclove -was silent for a moment, and Ajipearedtoreflectupon this information. Then he said — ' The address is of no use to me, but I will l*ar it in mind.' ' Hadn't you better make a note of it J' siwrsrested Dan. 'Whyr' 'To-morrow it might enter your head to lie merciful. ™ ' f ' I am not an unmerciful man,' observed ! Lord Eedclove, as if anxious to dispel any j false impression which the visitor might have j conceived of him. { 'That is ^ood news.'' ! 'Still, as it is — dont fidget with that door- ] ' handle, man, bnt try and listen patiently, for ; God's sake,' he added, petulantly — 'still as i it is, pray, understand me once for all, speak- j ing for myself, as well as for the Honorable j Mrs. Dangerfield, that we respectfully, bnt j positively, decline further discussion on this j subject. The children are not entitled to our j sympathy, and are even beyond our help. We ! do not desire to be troubled by them any j wore, we do not care to know anything about I them, and we must not be annoyed at any I future period by applications on their behalf.' \ 'Is that all you have to say, my lord?' j asked the gunsmith. j ' Yes, and I hope you ?understand.' j 'Perfectly,' answered Mr. Overdown ; : 'and if yon had spoken out as plainly as ] this when yon first came into the room, I j might have saved you a heap of tame.' j ** I wished to learn all the facts,' repeated ] his lordship ; .'-I -did not want you to tell your i people -feat -we had been too proud to hear j yon.' . j ' Only too proud to help — is that it V 'Too wise.' corrected his lordship, 'as- j suredly too vise, my good fellow, to recognise : a claim of tins description.' - : 'Yes, .you were the wrong lot to come to,' said DaifteTGverdown, ' Tl»e wrong* lot 1' exclaimed the nobleman. ' ' Great heavens,- -what an expression !' ' If. his mother hadn't been.in.a madhouse, now,' ^continued Dan ' reflectively, 'or there wt-re 'any friends of his about the world to whom I could tell this story. ' 'They would all laugh at you,' said Lord Kedclove. \ ' Isot to my face, I fancy, I? answered Daniel i meaningly.- j 'Ah, welL it is not my business, I percaive ; j and so good evening, my good man,7' concluded ; bis lordship airily. 'I wish you a mission i more profitable to yourself on a future oc- i casior.' ' j ' And what shall I wish you in the future, ! sir, and when your time is up V said Daniel in ? a, sharp clear voice that startled the white haired man again, though he only bunked at his question. ' I don't require any good wishes from you,' he said haughtily enough now, ' and I shall be glad if yon will retire. 'I wish you a trifle more charity for your self and your past than you have condescended to show for other folk—that's all ;' and with this parting salutation Daniel Overdown shot \--ut of the room. Outeide the apartment a new-comer upon the scene aroused for the nonce a faint amount of interest. This was a young man of one or two and twenty, very sallow and very dark, who came op the carpeted stairs two steps at a time nx Daniel Overdown Sew down them. The ney comer was in haste, but he had time to look closely and curiously at .the gunsmith as ha passed him, and to change his position politely and adroitly from the centre of the stairs to the handrail, so that the man descending ; might not find him in the. way, or topple Mm : over in his downward rush. - He -evexr looked , after 'Mr. Overdown without pausing in his ' ascent, but tins extra attention was lost upon Daniel, who went, like a lapwing, out of the house, still burdened and perplexed by the problem mow too deep for him to solve. Meanwhile . the dark young man walked briskly into flus study where Lord Bedclove was sitting, with his hands clasped on his knees, and his shaggy white eyebrows lowering «ver his keen eves. ' Oh ! Hamilton,' the nobleman said, half reproachfully, 'you have come at last then to share the horrors of this dreadful house with Jiie, How d'ye do ?' The two men shook hands together in a languid fashion. 'I started from Paris an hour after your letter reached me,' said the younger, as if by way of explanation. ' What the deuce did you want in Paris V asked Lord Redclove fretfully. ' I was hipped to death at the Cedars, aud there were friends in Paris.' ' There are friends in London.' Hamilton did not contradict thus assertion, but he looked as if he doubted it. ' Have you seeii your cousin, Mrs. Danger-' fi«Jd f asked his lordship. ' Yes, une'e.' 'Is she prajiug again V he asked, with a shiver. ' I don't know. She lias a prayer-book iii lit* lap, I fancy.' 'To think that this infernal gout should have seized me here, of all places in the world,' said Imrd Eedclove fiercelv. at last. ' Where a daughter'skuidne.ss and attention must have been of inestimable service in your ! affliction, my lord, ''added his neplievr. | 'Oh, yes! in tlieir way : a little, perhaps,' :\ asserted Lord Redclove ; ' but you cauuot conceive, Hamiiti-ii— -you have not the slightest conception — v.iuttthis house is like. It runs over with .clergymen ; they are here at all' horn's of the day'; they kqich here, dine here, pray here— theV ? v.iil not let even me alone. TW CinA !'tJ»ev si yp me tracts V '' You are a prisoner, aud must l-eai- with them fora while, uncle,' said the young man, ] laughing 'uirigbt at last; 'bnt here is your nephew Kainifiwn to the rescue— a defender ! against tire Faith !' - ' \ ' Ah ! tvtll, well, I am glad you have conie,' : said the old man, -with a «gh of relief; 'not that you' uriJl be of th-* slightest use to me, thuugh, fi-r,':iie added, lowering 'his voice, 'I v-ant afl your tact, and power of observation, and acuteness — if you have any,' he added drily — ' turned in another direction.' ' I am at y-tni- service,' replied the dark young man readily enoiigli. 'What can I do?' ' ! ' You must start to-monnw for Liverpool.' 'That's aii out-of-the-way- place for me,' remarked Hamilton ; ' but yon have a par ticular reason for all this, -of xSnirse'T* ' A most important reason.' 'Donbraess,' replied his nephew. 'I am j gj I attention.1' . ; ' Itis the oldljusiness.'' 'Ahi' ! ' It fcuttffi wat fliat Paul Daugerfield had two i children by' ttett vomaa, and that both have eonetotitelfflA.*' ^ 'Fww^tevas'r^wasHalniltofiiB reply. *-' A toan has been here about thein to- j ' ?_' '*tighfc' ? ' -',. -.'- :- - ....???'.' - ^?1 »sit-1iim jompuig- Smvit ilie etairs; I . ** Afdipw -viho Iregged liard, bnt ?whom it Would Bot'be ijoKcv for^is 'to encourage .m any -vay,' replied Lord Bedclove ; 'we can't belor ever ])estered with applications for assistance to th-3se \vi«tohed xeaifs.' '' Gertainly not,' assented Hamilton; 'at ltiast I should say sot.' ' And Mrs. Dangerneld is very firm on this point too,' added Lord Eedclove. 'And very womanly — considering all j tilings.' ' Yes— there is as little false sentiment about Frances as there is about me,' was the reply. ' She looks practically at life, and that is say ing a great deal for a woman of four-and-thirty with a church on her mind. She hates the very mention of these outcasts' names.' ' I am not surprised.' ' For what liave we to do with these miser sibles who spring tip in this way to annoy the family — what are they to us i' ' Nothing.' ' And yet that troaUepome, I might almost say impudent, fellow who has just left me tliinks they 'are something to us, because Paul was anxious aljout tbeni a few moments before he died — when a man is always absurdly iiicoherent-^and implored him to come hei-e under certain circumstances.' ' And those circumstances have arL=en V asked Hamiliton. ' Yes, the children want help. The boy Ls on the streets, and the girl,' he added, with a a visible shudder, 'is in prison. A dreadful jiair.' ' Very dreadful, I shouli say.'' 'Still, I tlihik,':'he added hesitatingly, 'I should like them to have one chance of better ing themselves — and yon have turned up at the exitct moment to assist me in this matter.' '' In what way can I assist you, uncle ?' ' I will tell j'ou in a moment. Please do not hurry me,' Lord Eedclove was in no particular haste to enter into the details of his plans; he was evidently perplexed still, and sat with his eyes dosed, and with the tips of his fingei-s of pis left hand still pressed against the tips of the fingers of his right hand, thinking out the position. He remained salent for so loiig a period that Hamilton ventured to remind him by a cough ?feat he was not telling Jiini anything just at present. The old man looked \ip keenly at this. ' I haven't gone to sleep,' he said ; 'I am deliberating, Hamilton, bnt you are always in' such an infernal state of effervescence,' said Lord Eedclove tetchily. ' There is not that fair amount of calm attention and regard for your superiors in years which I think I am entitled to expect from you.' ' I am sorry, my lord ; I ? ' ' You can perceive very plainly, I daresay, when you come to perceive any tiling', that it is not jKilitic to draff me personally into this affair,' he continued, 'that in fact, to be mixed up in it, in any way, is to establish a precedent which might be very difficult at some future time to set aside or disown V' ' Yes — I tlmiTr I see that,' was the prompt rc-»lv. ' Of course, I d-»n:t want to be worried. Aud I will not be worried either.' ' I believe your lordship was never f oiid of worry.' ' Precisely so. But — who the devil is V ' There are a few people, perhaps, who ? ' 'Thatil do, HamiltoD,'heintemipted. 'I am not sitting here to lie enlivened by any of your abstruse dissertations on the most ridiculous subjects. They will not amuse me, and they \rill tire you very much. I had hoped you had dropped that objectionable habit of yours, I want,' he added, leaning over and touching his nephew's arm confidentially, 'you to listen, not talk. I will do the talking, with . jiour kind approval, sir.' 'I am all attention,' said Hamilton, with the suspicion of a frown upon his dark face asserting itself for the first time, ' I want you to leave to-morrow for Liver pool,' said Lord Redclove, 'that I have told J you, I think'?' j ' I have already had the honor to receive - vour lordship's commands in that direction,' , the nephew replied, with possibly a shade too nvueh politeness. 'You will find this boy of the name of Challis. There are plenty of police there to assist you. There will not be much difficulty in the search — you will see him for yourself, report to me by telegraph what he is doing aad likely to do, and with whom he is. You ?will make every enquiry about the girl, who is in prison just at present. They must have money too, presently — I will arrange all that.' ''Very good.' ' \ou will see the girl in prison even — if it is possible.' ? 'Very -welL You tliiuk of assisting them after all then, ray lord 1'' 'To an extent,' was his uncle's cautious reply. ' To a certain extent, and under cer tain conditions that may be required of tliem.-' ' Exactly.' ' I don't want the boy or girl to think that I have been talked or tricked out of as much as a penny piece in their favor.' 'That may be difficult to conceal.' ' I do not want to appear interested — I am not interested, and I do not want that dread ful man from Birmingham to know anything of our intentions,' his lordship continued. ' ' Very well, ' said Hamilton again. ' And above all, I do not want your cousiu Fran ces to kn o w. ' ' Xbt Frances even ?'' 'No.' 'She might think presently you had de ceived her in feigning a lack of interest in those children of Paul's, to whom your generons heart is now turning,3: said Hamilton so gravely and earae=t!y that Lord Eedclove shot a keen, glance from ber:«a.th 'iis bushy -white eyebrows at the speaker. ' I have informed you just now that I am not interested,' said 'Lord Redclove sharply, ' surely you do not imagine I am?' ' Itis certainly thefirst time,' replied TTamiU ton, ' that I remember your lordship anxious to distribute charity to the undeserving. Taking it for granted,' he added, ' that these people are undeserving, of course ?' ' You take too much for granted, Hamflton — always.' ' And with reference to money matters V 'I .will communicate with you by telegraph — :'wire back' as those dreadful commercials say, I believe. You have not found out these children yet. 'When you liave,' he added, ' let me know exactly every detail concerning them, and how far in your opinion they maybe trusted.' 'I will do so.' 'Your opinion may not be worth a great deal, but you will be able to see, I hope, if they are worth keeping out of the way, or wSl promise to keep out of the way, and not harass the family any more by their unjustifiable appeals for sympathy.' ' I will do my best to supply you with every information.' ' I dare say you'll make a nice mess of it,' remarked the impolite old gentleman, /'you have too high an opinion of your own abilities, Hamilton, to succeed to my entire satisfaction, I am afraid. But,' he added, after a moment5 s further consideration of the subject, ' you're not quite a fool ; far from a fool, I might: say, at times.' he muttered. 'Probably there are many friends of yours ?who could do tins business better,' snapped Hamilton at last. ' Oh, indubitably. But I have no friends to whom I can trust the secret of the3e chil dren's existence. Friends never keep ?secrets, Hamilton ; on the contrary, run about and blaze them right and left — idiots with torches in a powder null. Hence,' he cried apologeti cally, 'I entrust tliis mission to you; said good luck go with you, an the Irish would say.' Chaiter V. — Is .Search or Sam Chaixis. Lord Redclove's instructions to his nephew having been tolerably explicit and sufficiently positive, Hamilton, despite many inward ob jections to the task thus suddenly imposed upon him, set out for Liverpool the next morn iiig with an assumed air of cheerfulness, as though his uncle's behests were a pleasure as well as a duty to him Hamilton Redclove had much to expect from his uncle besides the title, ?\vbicli there seemed no keeping from him, and the land, which by the law of entail, must fall to his share. He ?was a far-seeing young man in his way, naturally suave and agreeable, who took the good tilings of life -with an easy grace, and allowed very little to disturb his equanimity. He loved his uncle only tolerably well,' though he toffk no small degree of pains to humor his peculiarities, out of pure respect to his late father's brother some people thought, in order .to win his way to a share in Lord Redclove's private possessions, invidious folk had been Heard- to assert. Possibly there was a little affection and some self -consideration combined, if it were worth while to sift the motives of our young heir at this juncture; for Hamilton Eedclove was only moderately selfish. He had been brought up with an idea that the world reverenced the Eedcloves, and tha£the Red doves were great folk on its surface ; and that this notion had not utterly spoiled 'him savs a sreat deal for the natural disposition of the gentleman under discussion. That he had an excellent opinion of himself, to need not assert, after this shadowy analysis ; and that there were eccentric traits of character cross ing and recrossing the common-place material of which he was chiefly composed, our readers will see for themselves during the progress of this stary. His uncle had every confidence in him— had helped to spoil him, the world said — and he had every confidence in his uncle. Hence Uiese two agreed fairly well together, . thanks to Hamilton's policy of making life pleasant, by sinking all difference of opinion in deep water, and allowing the uncle plenty of fair sailing room for bis particular crotchets. Tt is this young jnan, then — keen-witted, observant, not ill natured— whom we find in the streets of Liverpool two nights following ifee date of our preceding chapter. He had an awkward mission to fulfil, and he set about it -without a protest, not too anxious about re sults, -and not two curious ©oneersing the inetives which planted Lint in that hosf; ? ti3«M-city.-- TJi«^ ^x^e-4isrepiitafele.|»e«i^. to t* got ria of— t-o be coaxed, or' bribed; into an eternal background, for his first cousin's sake:; and 'Lord Redeiove had trusted to his . tact and energy- He should not like his lord ship -to trust in vain to those qualities ; he. would be glad to return and say, ' 1 have beea successful, the first difficulty is overcome ; see \ how right you were i. '«:.v? it iu the hands of j so clever a fellow as t ;j ? i 1' Having begun his task, he had grown to a certain extent interested in the chase of, or the search for, one Samuel Challis— a nondescript ) being, supposed to be earning his living by - conceitina-playing in the streets of Liverpool, | and to be discovered in those streets after dark j by any one vigilantly disposed. Hamilton . had searched for himself the night before, and been Toaffied; hence his amour proprc was ] piqued somewhat. He had not bargained for i file size of Liverpool, the multiplicity of its I streets, the labyrinthian character of its slums, and the pertinacity with which every gamin in Liverpool plays the concertina in his leisure moments, probably more for the beneiit of his species than with any hope of great gain for himself. Hamilton Redeiove, baffled in his search the first evening of his arrival, went to work in more businesslike fashion on the second day. He called at the station-house, made many enquiries, and obtained one piece of informa tion ?which was important — that Sam Challis was known to the police, very well know a j indeed. He had not been locked up^ although lie had been threatened with the terrors of a *' run in' niore than half-a-dozen times. . He ?was a youth who defied official authority, or who aggravated it by feigning obedience to its mandates for exactly as long a period as the official eye was upon him ; a boy that would eventually come to grief, and ivho was hard to impress' or move on. An insolent boy more- ! over, was Sam Challis, with a great deal to j say for himself, and for ever disposed to argue j any point upon which society and he diifered a i little — the sleeping in a shady doorway, out of the cold winds which swept from the Mersey j into the dark streets by the docks with a : hundred thousand carving-knife power; the loitering on the landing-stage for a job, he said, for a ?pockethandkerchiei or a stray bundle, distrustful folk thought ; the playing of lugubrious strains in a wrong key before public- houses, hotels, chapels— anywhere, until it was worth some one's while to bribe or .scare him into the next street. Hamilton was furnished with a description of him, but this availed him not — there were so many lank, hungry, barefooted nomads about tlie Irish quarters of the town, where it was thought Sam might probably be discovered between the hours of nine and twelve p.m. Sam had taken to the Irish quarter lately, and the Irish had taken to him ; he 3iad a connec tion amongst them on Saturday evenings when wages had been paid, and drink and wages j were plentiful, but it was net in Hamilton's j power to discover Jiim. until a message arrived at his hotel— from a policeman, who secretly hoped that a liberal 'tip' woiild follow the information — that Samuel Challis was nlavina tnat evening at zne jaarp xap. in a certain , narrow turning out of Byrom- stre'et — doing ? deputy for the regular band, i.e., old Cupple ditch, the fiddler, who had been struck ' all of a heap' with typhoid fever only the after noon before, . Hamilton Eedclovc was offered tli-? assis tance and support of an able detective officer, but he politely declined it ; he was warned that ? the Harp was a disputatious establishment, and hardly a safe place for a gentlemau to visit vrho had anything to lose, but he said that he was not afraid of being hurt, and would prefer prosecuting his studies alone. Then a sovereign was exchanged, and the lord's nephew was left to his own resources. It vras between ten andeleveu o'clock at night when TTfl.iniH-.nn was close upon the object of his search. The streets were full of people, the innumerable drinking houses of a hard drinking quarter of the borough were crowded with their noisy, quarrelsome poverty-stricken atoms of humanity. The gas was streaming from windows and doors, and from the huge colored glass barrels swung above the -entrances ; there were three or four fights in the roadway, the Irish brogue was rising high aud fast above the Lancashire dialect, the police were busy, one or two were bleeding at the nose and on the cheek bones from au extra graud affray that had just been concluded as Hamilton arrived upon the scene, all the bustle and activity of drink and squalor and crime were rife in this strange portion of the town on that especial occasion. It was a life new to the lord's nephew, aud he watched it with interest, and with a courage too for w-hioh he had hardly given himself credit. It was an acting dra.ma, and amused him — it was as completely oat ot his own sphere as fairyland, or rather as the deinon-Iand in a pantomiue where the shadows are deep and the mawlcs are always hideous. These masks approached him closely at times and red eyes glared menacingly at him, but he pursued his way coolly to the end, his blood warmed a little by the novelty of his adventure. He had been discreet enough to dress for the occasion, to disguisehimself, ashe considered, by taking a hothouse fiowej- from his bntton-hole, I putting on a ' billy-cock' in lieu of his highly ! glazed silk hat from Bond- street, and turning1 up the collar of .Ms black surtout, but he was a stranger in the midst of the crowd, and the crowd knew it. He was conscious of being hustled at last, as .he crossed a street where fifty men and boys were .absorbed in the task of aggravating a bonnetless old Irishwoman, garrulous and blasphemous with whisky, and when he discovered a strange hand at his { waistcoat pocket, feeling for the watch he had j prudently left at bis hotel, he was still self- | possessed and cool. He seized the man nearest j to him by the arm, and stopped him in the ] horse-play in which he was indulging. j 'Where is the Harp Tap. mate*' he asked I with easy familiarity. ! 'Arp — what do you want at the Arp2' j snarled the man addressed. ] ' A pal. Here's a tanner for showing me the place,' said Hamilton, producing the sixpence with alacrity. 'Eight yer air. Come on — this way, yer honor. Arp, yer said — didn't yer? fiord's j truth, there it is, staring yer in your face, all the while, at the topof theblessedstreet yonder. Thankee.' The man had indicated the house in question, and TTn.TniH-.mi went up a narrow turning, thick with road and vegetable refuse, towards a light burning in a red glass lamp — a danger signal that made him pause for the first time. *' I don't particularly admire the look of it,' he said to himself, but he went on slowly again till the Harp was reached, and he discovered it to be a grimy public-house, with swing glass doors, that as they opened and shut disclosed a bar beyond, where men and women were drinking, and a partition behind which was a babel of sound, of stamping of feet, and hoarse shouting, and women's cockatoo screeching, and the asthmatic grind, grind of a concertina attempting a polka kind of air with indifferent success. Hamilton Eedclove leaned his back against the wall of the opposite iiouse and thought he liked the look of the Harp less than ever on a closer acquaintance, and regretted now that the services of the detective had not been en gaged when, the chance had presented itself a short tune since. He was tolerably brave, but he did not care to face poor humanity — especially poor Irish, humanity — -in its cups, and when disposed to pick its own quarrels with a well-to-do Saxon. He was alone in au awful world of which he had only read in books and knew nothing personally, and for a whim of his uncle's, which might change at a moment's notice, as his lordship's whims did occasionally, he was expected to risk his own respectable neck. . He did not quite relish entering the Harp— -but then he did not care to abandon the quest now that he was on the brink of discovery. ' Here goes,' he said at last courageously — and the step required a considerable amount of moral courage for a youug man of his degree. ' They can't murder a man to polka music, I suppose, and I have not brought much to be robbed of.' He crossed the road and entered the tavern, pushing back the swing doors and forcing his way through the dram-drinkers to the hot stifling room beyond, where women with bars feet and men with Lancashire clogs seemed en deavoring to shake the house down by the ; vigor of their dancing. The place was heavy with tobacco fuxnes, and it was not at once that Hamilton became accustomed to the atmo sphere, the stifling heat and bunding cloud of smoke and dust that rose up as from a smoul dering fire to choke the inmates. He groped his way towards the end of the room where the music sounded. 2\l^n ;.-ushed against.huu again and women snatched at his arm, laughed in his ace, and asked him for drink ; but he passed en towards the musician and sat down in a, vacant chair at the table on. which the concer tina player was grotesquely perched. At the same time as Hamilton Sedclore ooked at the performer the performer looked down at Mm, .and two pairs of dark eyes met sharply and critically. Each took stock of the other, and each was puzzled in bis turn at the long and curious stare at him. It was thus Hamilton Redclove and Samuel Challis met for the first time in their strange lives. Chafieb VL — At hie Habp. Interested as he was vx the advent of the stranger, Sara Challis continued to play hie con certina -with -emphasis, swinging it to the right and left and above his iead, keeping time tolerably well, but unpleasantly inaccurate as regarded his notes. When he fead grown tired of inspecting the young man at the table, he watched the audience fni-tively, his gaze shift ing ?with ?wonderful rapidity from one group of dancers to another, from the . dancere to lie drinkers at theside tables, from the drinkers to die bar beyond the partition, .over which, by a curious elongation of bis- neck, he could just peer from the elevated position lie had assumed. In that halfreager, half-watchful, wholly rest ' less look he reminded .Hamilton -of some caged -animal, doubtful which amongst its visitors -fee*arethe'ir*-n4janBvraiJ4cast-a, scrap of food ' , to ft in -lufe««M5Be; -r ^$»*re *a- anxiety in the laugh or shriller cry — and he accompanied his instrument with both in an excited fashion — j could rob liim of either expression as he played ! en to the riotous crew below bis level. \ He was a tall 3ad, between sixteen and seventeen years of age, very white and thin and ragged and dirty, with bare feet, like the women -who danced and shrieked about the loom, and with an extraordinary crop of ! black matted hair, which hung over his fore- ! head and about his ears and eyes, a tangled } and uncombablemane that the stoutest- hearted j barber in Byrom-street would have shuddered ? in despair at conquering. He appeared to be ; in good spirits j hunger and anxiety and 'bad luck' had not quenched the elasticity of youth, even in this outcast plaving for a supper and | the price of a night's lo'dging, to be subscribed by the general company when their charitable feelings allowed them to be liberal, or else he was a good actor, and hid the sorrows at his j young heart by a sharp jest or a well-timed laugh. There was a picture=queness too, j about him that his qr.aint attitude encouraged, i and the surroundings did not wholly detract J from ; in the mmky atmosphere, and with the j background of a shabby red curtain hanging' by j a window in the rear, an artist might have j made something of his Murillo-like figure. In a ; gilt frame, and drawn to the life, he would have been worth money to the connoisseur, but in the flesh and at that present moment, Sam Challis v/as exactly worth threehalf pence. He wound up his pes-foiinoncc on tl-c coa eertina with an elaborate flourish of the instru ment round his head, and when the dancsrs had ceased and every body was shouting aud swearing at once, as they walked up and down the room or struggled towards the bar without, his voice, shrill as a bell, rang out with a start ling distinctness and even mournfulness — 'RemeinbfT the music, ladies and gents, please. Don't forget the lad who finds the music, please.' There was only one response on this oc casion, and that came from a girl as haggard as himself, and with a check shawl twisted about her head and shoulders. ' If yer don't play better next time, Sammy, 111 claw the life out o' yer ugly Carlos, mind me, now.' Ab she passed hiui wlie jumped up and made a playful, but spiteful scratch at liis coun tenance, wliich he jerked bade adroitly out of harm's v.-ay. ' Aisy with you, Jenny, or I'll niver take you next Sunday to New Brighton,' he said laughingly, at which remark Jenny laughed too and went on, arms akimbo, down the room. SaivsICbaluK turned his attention to the newr comer, spellbound or dumbfounded by the company upon which he had intruded, and en deavoring vainly now to shape f orth his course -if action, which was n«-t so easy a task as hs had bargained for. Hamilton -was so deep in thought that the musician's voice, close to his ear, made him jump a little, Sam having leaned forwards and downwards ti- address the ! stranger. 'Hard lines this— eh, iruv'noi1?'' he said in a low voice. 'Yes,' replied Hamilton, when he had re covered his composure, 'hard Hues, cev tainly.' ' But, then, what:s a fellow t^ do, but make the best of his musical education ';' he said drily. Hamilton ivas conscious that the boy was speaking ironically, and he was conscious, too, that the tone and accent of the speaker were at variance with the harsh resonant voice of a moment since. 'Can you live by these means?' asked Hamilton, shivering a little, as a feverish dirty hand was laid familiarly on his shoulder. 'I grub on; I am not extravagant in my diet, or my dress,' lie said, kicking out his bare legs by way of demonstration. ''I have my up and dowiiriin life, sir — now its the downs, and Iplay to the wild Irish.' He laughed again, showing a row of strong, white teeth ; he sounded a chord on his con certina, he gave another plaintive cry of ' Re member the music, please,' and then he leaned towards Hamilton again. ' What little game brings you here now, my swell ?' he asked, more insolently. ' This isn't the place for you, and people who come prying into Larry's crib have been known to get it hot, and wish they'd stayed away long before the night was over. Twig V' ' I twig,' answered Hamilton, echoing the youth's slang interrogation ; 'but I am not prying.' ' Coine to be amused 3 itsjjs ':' 'Partly.' , 'You'd better dance, then. Here, hi— j Madge,'' he called forth, 'here's a pardner j 'Hold your row, please,' exclaimed Hamil- ' ton, in natural alarm. 'I come here to be amused, partly by seeing- this life, but j partly to be of help to any one in dis- i tress, and who deserves help.' ' Got coal tickets and penny tracts in your pocket?' ? ' Ko — money !' said Hamilton quietly. The youth's eyes dilated and he dropjied his voice at once. . 'Hand it over,' he said harshly; .' ive're Hiighty short of the article here.' ' Xot in this place, but where I can speak to you presently,' said Hamilton. Sam looked very sharply at him now, and so strong a suspicion of distrust settled on the pale, £oi ed face that Hamilton said quickly — ' I am here to be of help to one Sam. Challis, who some time ago lost his mother down in Cnlverley.' Chapter VII,- Is it Too Late 1 The announcement with which our last chapter concluded, and which Hamilton Bed clove made to Samuel Challis, was a great . surprise to the last-mentioned gentleman, and his coolness of demeanor, his easy indifference to ' the surroundings,' to his own position in ' life, to the patronage of the man who had ven tured in search of him, was, for the first time, seriously disturbed. He had not expected this, or anything like this. The past was nothing- to him now, save as it might affect one being presently who seemed cut adrift from it as remorselessly as he had been ; there was no j one who belonged to it but her, or, as he | thought, would ever speak of it again to him. It was sunk deep in the waters of life with a big stone round it to keep it from ever rising to the surface, lie had thought. And now this swell, who fancied like a fool he was in dis guise, and very unlike a swell, this amateur detective, who told by his manner what he was to every pair of lynx eyes turned in bis direc tion, had stepped as from the grave to scare him with his mother's name, and -with the proffer of help to the son of that dead mother. He was not dreaming, surely ? This was not the result of sitting up with old Cuppleditch, and nursing him when his daughter was at the pubs, and doing his work at the Harp, and altogether wearing himself to death? This spick-and-span, clean-sliirted party could not : be a dream-figure, although as much out of place as one, and acting and talking -with a dream-like inconsistency, the lad thought — after his own fashion of thinking. The men and women were laughing, talking, screaming, smoking, swearing, quarrelling; tie Babel of sound was all real, the^drink was genuine; there was a real ' * bobby ' looking in at the door yonder, and with his gimlet-eyes fixed on. Hamilton as though he had an interest in Mm, and had been told to keep an eye upon him. Sam Challis took time to consider the posi tion before he answered offhand. If this was 'a plant,' it -was a queer one, and no mistake. It was without an object, so far as he could make out, and yet without an object why should the man have come in search of him ? There had been many mysteries in that past, he knew _; he had not troubled himself about them, being a reckless, 'fly-away' lad, with out much thought of anything save his own ?wilful self; he Lad left all mystery to his mother, and to hiE sister, who Tras a year his senior, and this man might be apart of it^— was assuredly a part of it. Thatbeingsettledin his mind, it behoved him to beonhis'guardj to make quite sure of the intentions of the party who had tracked him to 'The Harp,' to crossex amine him, in his turn, if it were necessary, and to profit by a well-meant service presently if all was square and aboveboard, and ' 110 kid about it,' as he would have -expressed it, in the miserable street-siang of which he had become a proficient in his latter days. I'j-esently h* began to smmd several chords on his concertina, noisily and brisldy. in order to drown the voices of his companion' and him self. ' And this vsirt a dodge ':' lie said. '* hi my heui'ir, no.' 'And you're uot in the ]-^lir-', or -?-!-?:?? i.f the refoimatory coves, or a mi-siuii.-iry bioh?;!' 'Neither.' ' Aud you're com-- 1-- bi- --f ]v\\-i t'j me, Sam Challis.' . 'Yes.' ' You don't fcnow a Brummagem man of the name of Overdown, I suppose '' Oh, n--, not at all,' he said with a spasmodic laugh and a knowing wiuk of his left eye. ' I do not know any one of the name if Over-' down.' 'Ah, well,' said Sam, very thoughtfully, ' he's not a bad sort .after all ; be means weii, though he preaches a sight too much. He was good to my mother when there was nobody else to come forward with a kind word, and she was dying sharp, when I was away, and Aggie was away too,' he added after a pause, and with several new and very ha.rxh chords upon his instrument. ' I am ready to help you without preach ing,' said Hamilton. 'Thankee,' said the other, still sceptical of Hamilton's good faith. 'Not because J am interested in you,' added Hamilton, coolly and with emphasis ; 'but because a friend of your mother's sends me to this place.' 'Oh! that's it,' Sam said, with another sliarp glance at Hamilton. ' She had lots of friends once, but they cut away mighty fast beforel knew anything about them. They— suse yon KUO^g tsj stand any drink before I -feegin agzutf' ' ? '''yVtet'^Brit -KiD yo-- 3'tji5:e''''fifiidHaniilton. ' Oh ! the real tipple— Irieh wnisTry, neat! , That puts life into a man — 'a drop of the ; crater,'- as these poor devils call it. Here, Jo,' he called out, 'two fjurs of Irish, for this gent and myself, and look sharp, for the respectable company can:t be kept waiting all night for their music' He winkod at Hamilton again — lie eouM afford to take him into his confidence, and show him that he laughed at his audience, and thought hia': self above it. There was a levity, even a boldness, about Samuel Cliallis, that was not to be wondered at, considering the grim school in which he had been roared of hite dav-s, and how genteel society had quickly turned 'its back upon him. The whisky was brought aud paid for, and Sam took his glass and tilted the contents down his throat with the air and ease of a dram drinker thrice, his years ; his eyes brightened, and his sprits rose several degrees at once. He was in luck's way to-night; if he had had nothing but a crust of bread to eat within the last fourteen hours, here was good drink to his rescue. He had got that much out oi' the 'swell,' and if the rest www a dream— 'ail gammon !:! — why, it didn't matter a great deal. He was safe for a few hoars, at aay rate. He struck up another tune— an Irish Jig, ?which appealed at once to the feelings of his audience, who yelled and junrpod to and fro, and came in ugly rushes against ' tlie tables and forms, and knocked over Kiaiil tpn's -whisky, a, calamity which that s^nfcleuiui was glad to ?witness, not seeing how to get rid of it without offence to the feelings of the estab lishment. It 'was a very vigorous dance, and when it was completed Sam ChalHs set up his howl for a pecuniary reward again, and on this occasion a stray copper or two fell to his share. Hamilton was becoming uncomfortably con spicuous, too ; the novelty of his appearance had not worn oft, and the company was in clined to intrude now — to ask for a drink — for a song— for anything that would show them that he had not come to spy upon the poor Irish, or ridicule them in their moments of innocent leisure. 'Stand drink,' whispered Sam Challis as the wild faces closed round Hamilton, who had turned a shade paler within the last few minutes ; ' chaff is no good here — not such chaff as yours, I mean,' he added very con temptuously. Hamilton ' stood drink' as advised, and .is everybody was glad to consume alcohol at the strangers expense there was less personality, but more uproar, followed by a considerable exhibition of friendliness which was suddenly evinced by hearty hand-shakings, and slappings on the back of tlie 'realgint' who had come to see them. He was one of the right sort now, not a beggarly informer, nothing to do with the periice, rot 'em : one of the real grit from ould Ireland, with work to pay for under the green Hag presently. Ooli-hooray ! God save the gint and pass the whisky. ' How ain I to get out of this, Challis ':'' asked Hamilton, weary of his mission or his coi.i pany : there is 110 talking to you here.' ' When I strike up again, and they're dancing, you can hook it,' was the inelegant advice proffered. He -was apparently not curious about the stranger any longer. All the inf oiination which Hamilton had lately startled him with the whisky might have 'driven out of his head again for the interest he appeared to show. 'Where shall I find you in an hour's time?' asked Hamilton. ' I may be here still, or else looking up old Cuppleditch's typhus,' he replied. ' I can't say exactly. Depends upon bus'ness.' 'To-morrow'?' Sam looked hard at him again. This man really meant what he said then. There was no hoax at the bottom of it. ^You vail find me in the morning on the landing-stage, if you want me,' lie added very carelessly. Strangely hard, strangely indifferent to help, altogether strange, was this Bohemian, thought Hamilton. 'What was to become of sucli a, character? Surely Lord Redclove was right in considericg that it was too late to help a scamp of that age. Lord Redclove had always thoroughly understood human nature. He was very wise. ' I will be there,' said Hamilton. 'All right,' was the easy answer; 'and any change you have handy now you can leave with me, if you like. For the money market is tightish. That's newspaper lingo for you, and no mistake.' *' Can you read?' ' Read !rj cried Sam ; ' why, man, lama scholar. I was brought up as well as you were, until I cut it of my own accord. TThis kind of life suits me better ; see how it agrees with me,:: he cried bitterly, as he thrust out his bare dirty feet and brandished the con certina over his head. The music had hardly sounded in the room before he was laughing loudly. Hamilton did not understand him ; it had not fallen to his lot to meet such a clisracter as this before, to sksk to .the depths of such terrible disreputa bilir.y a-s glowered at him through the diist and smoke of the dancing den. .Let him be gone, and think more de-?p3y of human life and mortal misery irom tJiat hour; he had lived a year, and grown a year or two older surely, since he had quitted the Honorable Mrs. Dangerfield's house on Uncle Redclove's mission. When the dance had grown fcist and furious, he edged away from the table towards the door of egress. He looked towards Samuel ChaUis, but the player would not heed him now. Sam was seemingly absorbed in his task, in the dancers, in everything save the young man, who stole away from the shadows and hastened back to his hotel, where the 'proprieties' restored him to himself, and where everything was not so like a horrible nightmare as had been his adventures of the last two hour3. The nightmare came back, however, for Sam Ghallis was on his mind. Hamilton saw him in his sleep later on, perched, like a graphic figure of Dore's, above the poverty and viciousness of the haunt wherein he had dis covered him. He seemed to wake up with the discordant clash of the music in his ears, and then he slept no more, but lay and stared at the Venetian blinds of his bedroom window, and at the daylight coming brighter and brighter between tiie green laths. ' Eow that fellow worries me, 'he muttered ; ' and yet, what is he to me '?' It was his uncle's logic, but he had not his uncle's coldness of heart yet. He was young .stall, and youth— thank heaven for it—has generous and rash and hot impulses, which the ?wisdom of old age might copy at times with advantage. Chatter VUL-The Good-looking Girl. The next morning Hamilton Redclove was on the famous landing-stage at Liverpool, but '?, Sam Challis 'was not to be discovered off-hand. They were busy at the Mersey -side that day — a huge ship from America was lauding its passengers when Hamilton arrived, another vessel outward bound was taking in its freight of humanity, and there was a dense mob of ? emigrants and emigrants' friends — the Irish element once more predominant — exchanging farewells and blessings aud tears. Tke steamers were coming across from Birkenhead and other parts of the Cheshire coast, steamers were puffing away from Lancashire to Cheshire in return, bells were ringing, voices shouting, all the turmoil and life and excitement of this big: aver were at their iughest, and rendered K nmilton's task far from easy or comfortable. He came upon Samuel. Challis at last — as the emigrants melted away by degrees, one ragged and forlorn youth remained at the edge '- of the landing-stage, with his gaze directed to ] the swirling vrater, as if in its depth might lie j all the £jeace and rest he had not been able to ] discover. This was the boy whom Hamilton i had seen yesternight at the Harp. In the broad daylight, with his tags flapping in the breeze, Sam Challis was less picturesque and more disreputable, and Hamilton felt a certain amount of reluctance in accosting him before the people for ever hustling by them. Sam did not look round ; he was not anxious to find Hamilton ; he left it to Hamilton to find him ; there might be politeness in his reserve, a pride eveu in the attitude which this youth bad at tained, with his face to the river and his hands thrust to the depths of his empty pockets. He was tall for his age, a lithe and sinewy young fellow, and Hamilton fancied he could perceive even a likeness of the dead father — the man who had been kind to him when he was a youth himself. He shook off his objections to Master Challis ? and went quickly to his side. The face look iDg down at the water did not turn in his direction until he had first spoken. ' You have come, then ?' said Hamilton. ' I should have been here without you/' he replied shortly. ' Have you been -waiting long?'' ' I gm used to waiting.' ' Do you get work on the landing-stage V ' Oh, for the matter of that, when I try hard,' was the careless reply ; 'now and then, that is, when the regulars are not down upon me too much, I find something to do.' ' Have you found wort to-day t' ' I haven't looked for it ; I am waiting- for a friend.' 'What friend is that?' 'A -woman.' ' Indeed V said Hamilton. i 'She will come from over the river to me,' he said thoughtfully ; ' she will be sorry to see such a scarecrow waiting for her, but she would be more sorry, I fancy, if I wasn't here.' 'A sweetheart, Sam?' enquired Hamilton lightly. 'Ay — no— my sweethearts are at The Harp, and come out when the factories are shut, and the gas is lighted— rare girls they are, some of them — but this is ? ' ' ' A sister ?' said Hamilton quickly. 'What is that to do with you-?' was the sharp rejoinder ; ' Your business is with me, I ?was giyen to understand.' ' With your sister, too — if she wants help.' 'Not your help,' said Sam, Bhaking his head ; ?' not anybody's, Iliopei' . She'll get on in the TrorM—fTie^xJeyer— she's Al,is A^gie Challis,' ' ..?.....-. ... Hamilton had heard from his uncle that the eister was in prison ; she was in ai country prison then — Chester Gaol, perhaps — and this was her liberty day on which he had chanced. Here was an opportunity to be of service to both brother and sister — to give them an opportunity of bettering- theraselves in life — to be free with uncle Redclove's money if there were the ghost of a probability that the mojey wivuld be of benefit to either of them. ' Well— about yourself. Shall we get 3-.1t of i tliis fresh crowd t' asked Hainilton. j '1 can't leave till she comes. You can say 1 h- re as well as anywhere else what the devil I you want with me.' | Sam spoke peevishly. Hamilton's interest in ] Lini had aroused him, at last — of course there 1 was a deep motive for all the trouble which this swell had taken to discover him and offer him assistance, and he would be as glad to know the reason now as to be assisted. ' I knew your father,' wild Hamilton ; ' h« was a great friend of mine when I was a 'o.iy.' ' My father was. ' 'Yes, and now it's my turn to be yovir friend.' ' 1 have only one fi-iend, and she's e-v.:iiiig yonder from the other side of the 7\l-'.:--e~ to me,' he replied. Then he add.?d slowly, ' ri - you knew my father then V ' 'Yes.' ' That's more than I -:-id,v he -sail, vritb lii-s old unpleasant laugh ; ' I was pack-id off f-axly to school, and he never CJ'.me near any of us. When I was tired of school I ran a^vay fr.:sai it and home and ihciji.' ''Them*' repeated Hamilton interroga tively 'Mother and Aggie. As for my father — ?wr-11, I don't want to know anything about hiin now. What's the good 2' 'We will proceed to business, then.' 'Yes, and be quick about it,' he added. 'If you have money to give away, give it, and good- morning. \ ou can see, sir, I am not in first-rate circumstances. You dont want auy proof of that?' ' I see it,' answered Hamilton. ' Your coin I pitched away last night, too, sol an-. as poor as ever — money doesn't stick to my lingers long, worse luck. Cuppleditch hooked it before morning-.' 'Cuppleditch? Oh, the fiddler, for whom y-m were deputy at the Harp. ' 'Yes — he's dead. Can't say,' he added, in a thicker voice, ' that Itii quite myself tliis monimg, for he fought hard to live, and croak ing fiddlers are out of my line. I told him I wouldn't have funked about it like him, but have been glad to get out of it all.' 'Tliat:s a hard thought for one beginning life, Sam?' j_ 'It's ad ? d bat? beginning, you see,' he replied, -with an ufrly frown that changed the whole character of bis face, and rendered it Kullen and forbidding-. ' There is more than one beginning— at yonr nge,' said Hamilton sententiously. ' Look here, that's cild Overdo wn's talk— the man you x^retend not to know anythiug about. Cut it.' '1 ha.ve done.' ' That's a good job.' ' I promised you I wouldn't preach,' said Hamilton; '-now to perform. If, for your father's sake, I. buy you a passage to America, and give you a good outfit, and a few pounds to start with in the new country, will you go ?' ' ' Say_ that all again. ' Hamilton repeated the enquiry. ? ' Is it worth your while — or worth somebody else's while— to send me cut of the country ?' was the slow and cunning answer. 'Xo, it is not.' ' What would it be done for, then ?' 'Charity.' 'All this out of chavity !' cried Sam, ironi cally. ''The likes of that now,' as the old women say down our court.' ' There is no design in offering you a chance in life,' Hamilton continued ; ' but there is a wish to do it, simply f oryour own sake. Think that.' 'Very well — I'll think what yeu like to oblige you, though to think of America, all of a sudden is sharpish work. Do you want me to make any promise to stay there?' he asked. 'Not any,' said Hamilton; 'come back when you please — and if you come back an honest man I shall be glad.' ' Sam Chalus's first appearance in a new and original character !' he said sarcastically. 'What a lark!' ' Whydo you hesitate V 'Oh, ?why?' he echoed ; '' there's a little bit of a reason for it. I can't say 'yes' till Aggie comes, at all events. ''' ' She may not come, and I am anxious to ? get back to town.' 'She /scorning, ' said Sam, with a curious quaver iu his voice; ''coming — now — at once — bang off the reel— after being so long away trom me ! Here she is — close — on board the steamer coming in from Birkenhead — see there !' 'I don't see ? ' began Hamilton, looking towards the steamer approaching that portion of the landing-stage an which they were stand ing. ' Do you mean that short young woman in the torn blue shawl, with abasket?' ' Get out,' said Sam, still more excited and more uncomplimentary — 'what, that fat Cheshire chops ! No, the lady in black silk — don't you see a tall, good-looking girl on the upper deck there? That's Aggie.' (To be continued.) 