TO THE EDITOR. Sir—Having carefully perused the letters under the above beading in your paper, it occurred to me that if you would kindlv allow me space in your valuable columns I might do something in the way of putting the matter re those 300 more unfortunates in a more unbiassed and reasonable light than some of your cholcric and verbose correspon dents have done. To this end allow me to pick out a few of the points advanced, and hold them up to the clear light of day. As a matter of fact it does not seem (at first thought) to be a very wise or politic stroke of genius to telegraph home for those 300 illstarred mortals. But, Sir, is it not just possible when tbey arrive, in say November, that they may be heartily welcomed by the farmers and matrons of South Australia? I can to a certain exttnt endese the remarks of your correspondent "K." as" io the desirability of importing nominated ' immigrants, as I can call to mind ~ at the present moment several recently arrived immigiants (nominees) who are colonists ot the highest order, and who have themselves been already benefited. Your correspondent " Taxpayer" indulges iu a tirade against the Government aTid all pertaining thereto, hints at ideas involving the whole system of political economy, duly protests against things in general, and gratuitously advises the Government to telegraph immediately to our Agent- General to countermand his arrangements. Ye ecds ! Is our fertile colony, with an area of 300,000 square miles and very spare population, and panting for prestige among the nations, to be ruined by 300 more good colonists? Perish the thought. Mr. Henry Taylor pours out his lamentation. I must, however, take exception to bis remarks — viz., that "our people are being beggared with kitoheDS." Allow me to inform Mr. Ta that, according to the most authorib information on the subject, if there is one thing that has beggared our fair city, colony, or continent more than another it is the very "money bagging" traffic in which he is engaged, the world's curse, strong drink. Mr. Taylor says further, " The public estate is frittered away by inter politicians, the others are woefully ignoj O, ye shades of Burke, Pitt, Fox, and otl bright luminaries, why did ye not go to 1 Sturt Hotel and learn the teachings of ~ 01 George from the ghost of Diogenes, Ins of harbouring the mangled and distor imaginations of your fellows? Your correspondent " Qui Vive" credits the Gove: with " bringing unfortunates ii.to already crowded with unem think undeservedly, because place the male portion of the grants are to be farm labourers, who. will be needed in the areas, and the female as domestic servants, who are at present needed in the city and suburbB, Mr. J. Z. Sellar is also somewhat ludicrouB in hjsiie:^ ductions. He refers to a resolution passedat a meeting held some months since at .the Town Hall, viz.—" That it is' undesirable to introduce any more immigrants at present," and holds out that resolution as " the unanimous expression of the public voice." Mr. Sellar can't understand how the Government have ventured to override that voice. Perhaps it may help his understanding if I gently hint that Ministers of the Crown i good political jockeys, and that the " po voice" mentioned above was the expres of the opinion of some of the artisan i labouring class, who naturally endorsed the resolution ; and although Mr. Sellar's voice may have rung through the hall in tones vehement or melifluouB, his was not the " people's voice." Let our 300 Mends come by all means now, but let the Government seethe advisability of staying the tide of immigration until they have introduced a comprehensive scheme for developing fully the resources of the colony, I am, Sir, &c.;, New Glenelg, June 27. FREELANCE, 