ANASTASIA; . Vocroraw Roxansc or '70. By W. 3. Sotzta5, Anthor of "The Two Layers." CHAPTER XIXIL CRoss PtPos s. "Four days in this hole, and yet I can't bring myself to make another effort, all life and energy seem to have left me. She's gone! where 1 Would I had the wings of a bird, then would I know. Though one of the many of boasted humanity, yet do I envy the very birds of theair. They can soar overhead, strike off in any direction, there is none to stay them, while I am but the victim of cir cumstances, and must abide my fate, and await the decree of Providence. All my hopes are scattered like chaff before the wind, not one gleam of sunshine on my weary path. All's blank, all is bitter un certainty, all save death." And in this wise, after four blank days sat and mut tered Mark. From the hour he had read her sad, and to him, heart- broken letter, his thoughts never quitted the subject; his ambition to achieve great things was gone. " Why," he argued, "seek suc cess, of what value is it 1' All sorts of visions floated through Mark's mind. At times he was mad enough to contemplate .death, then he would shudder involuntarily, mentally de claring himself a coward. Then the thought came, were he to marry, he might forget the mad passion that was absorbing all his mental faculties, but whoml No, a thousand times, it were desecration to her memory to .think of any other, still the thought lingered, but never associated itself with any other but her, and she was gone, may be, never to return. While LMark sits dreaming thus, a letter was brought to him, which had' just arrived by post. "A letter from M'Kahn, too, here goes -of course it's another annoyance"-and breaking the seal, Mark read as follows : "31. Cincinnati, Esq.,' Danolly.-Dear Sir,-Yer see I give yer the title of Esquire. It iregeneralyapplied to aman when e as got up the ladder of folly as far as he can. If I sent yer offyer onion by praising, I'm tarnation sorry, for I don't like making a fool of myself, but I have. I'll stop now as soon as possible; sire yer going on or no! We want travellers, not time-wasters, for they are dollar-wasters, and one of that class will never do for Darkson and Co.-Yours, A. M'K.stc." With a spring off the seat as he finished readinr, then clutching the letter in both hands, he tore it in fragments, and casting it on the floor he danced with rage on the pieces. " Would I had you there, it would give me infinite pleasure to serve you likewise, confound you, and Darkson and Co., in dividually or collectively," and seizing the writing materials which were at hand, he wrote hurriedly his resignation, and seal ing it rushed from the house to despatch the missive. "Now that's done, what next I Imust clear out, I'll not wait another day, so here's off;" and leaving the room and the house he strikes off through the deserted heaps of pipeclay, then into the bush which skirted the township. He made for the old coach track to Bendigo, and for one hour he walked and ran madly on, heedless of where he went, or why; mutinous thoughts towards mankind generally ran riot through his brain, he longed for someone on whom he could vent his spleen, but he was on the wrong track to find any one, and as he neared Jones' Creek, or as it was better, known, Murdering Creek, in consequence of the dark deeds done there in the more palmy daysve. "Ah " at last he mutters, " This is the murdering spot, would I could meet one sf the fiends that haunted this spot in the dkys of old, it would suit my present frame of mind," and as he thus soliliquises, from behind a huge tree emerges a man more black than white, who gazes at our hero steadfastly. He has a strange and weird appearance, and his face is smeared with black, save that here and there there was a white streak, caused by wiping off the perspiration while at his daily toil. At first Mark almost thought this but an hallucination of his fancy, which was the result of his late wishes, hut the man slowly advanced, in too real a manner to allow of any doubt as to his reality. "Humph," he mutters audibly, ." you look queer, you do, hbut I lant neither' ghost nor devil, but only old Dare, the charcoal burner," and seating himself, as he spoke, on a log, near where Mark stood, he sat looking at him intently, for some seconds. Mark's gaze never left his face, he looked so strange, his appearance was so sudden that Mark hardly knew what to say. Old Dave, as he had called himself, after he had satisfied his scrutiny, came to the rescue. "Well, do you know, youlook skeared, but it arn't through me. I know you feel a sort of cross with yourself and every one else, you're disappointed, you are. I don't want you to telt me, oh' no, old Dave''seen many like you in his time, and that helps his perceptive faculties, he's been in the same boat. Look here, youngster, excuse the familiarity, you're in love-you feel as though you'd like to pitch into somebody, and if I'll do, why sail in, it don't much matter as to a few days, when I go to Davey Jones' locker, if it'll only save a betterman. rIe never been much use inathe world, and I think I'm less now nor ever, but I'd like to be of some use at the last." "Have I met a madlman " was the first thought that occurred to ]Mark, as the man spoke thus.' " No, he don't lock mad, although he speaks strangely, and yet, who but a madman would so address a perfect stranger 1" " It's strange," continued the old man, "that if ever a man's a little queer up here," touching his forehead as he spoke, "he thinks everyone else is that way, but I don't think I am, young fellow, I may be strange, but I aint mad" Then, as he finished speaking, he drew from his pocket a large cutty pipe, a knife and tobacco, and set to work coolly to cut up a filL "Don't you smoke 1" "No," returned Mark. "I thought not; then the very best thing you can do is to startat once, a pipe is the philosopher's companion. If I hadn't been a smoker, I'd have been off my chump long ago, but whenever I begin to brood over past troubles out comes my old friend, and away goes care in smoke," and now staying himself.to strike a light, he lit his pipe and for. the time puffed away reflectively. "Yes sir, I've lived with the pipe for my only companion for many days, and I never feel really queer except when my baccy raos out, then I have to go over to thet forsaken town ship for a fresh supply, and when I've got it, I feellike iking, for theycannot amoke and enjoy it more than I do, and as Mid shipman Easy says, that-shows you you equality is the rights of man.' It shows one that acharcoal bourner can be as happy (so the saying oes)as a king, which Iam. If you're troubled, smoke; if ybu've'git phlegm on the chest, smoke; if you can't sleep, smoke; and you'll soon feel good."' And now as Dave had let his pipe out, he had to stop talking to light up again and pulling away, he looked up smilingly at MLark, "as happy as oa king." This unexpected meeting with the char coal burner and his peculiar philosophy had produced a strange effect on Mark for the time. The novelty of the meeting, and this, (to Mark) strange turn of the con versation, made him 'forget hisa troubles and his feeling of annoyance, and sitting down on the log by old Dase, he looked longingly at the much coveted pipe. "You make me half inclined to try an experiment, you seem so in lore with your pipe, it must be soothing or you would never have believed in it for so great a length of time." "Believe in it ? I should say I did, don't the new born babe, by instinct be lieve in mother's milk l they're honest, and go in for what they like, and it does 'em good, they never find it hurt them, its The right of publishing this work lhs been purchasl edby the proprietor of The .ippsland Time, The author reserves all other rights. their true friend, and so is the pipe mine, when I'm alone and feel lonely, I take a smoke and I always feel that I've got a friend by me; if I'm hungry and with no thing to eat, which I've often been, my pipe's a good substitute, it allays hunger, when I can't sleep, I have a smoke, and I feel as though I had someone to talk to. Ah ! the pipe s been my best companion this thirty years, and one that's been fair to me for so long and ain't likely to be easily forgotten. Now when you come along here you felt bad, very bad, you thought you were the most ill-used being on earth, and all at once you dropped on me, you saw, as you look at things, that I was worse off. for I live alone here with my pipe, the birds, and the reptiles of a day, and the 'possum and the wild cat of a night, and when you saw me, I smoked my pipe, and presto! away went your troubles." The old man's philosophy made Mark laugh, in spite of himself while he sat puffing away, contentedly. The scene was so strange yet so fascinating that Miark ligcred. The heat of the day was fast dying away, and as the son sunk, the birds twittered in the huge trees, there was such perfect repose, the solitude and the vastness of the forest were so bewitching, that the pair seemed indisposed to get up from the fallen log on which they sat. The charcoal burner first broke the silence. Drawing his arm across his fore head to. wipe away the perspiration, he said musingly, ' O "Lord ! what grat plans we lay out for ourselves at your age, but it's all vanity and vexation of spirit, we plan to do one thing, but generally do the reverse. It's right we should not know, for if we did, the cowards would all commit suicide, for they'd never face what was before 'em." "But," said Mark rousing himself, " do you think' a man who commits, self destruction is a'coward 1" " Bather ! if he was'nt he'd face his trouble out, but being a coward, hie cuts hismstick, and goes for the uncertainty. I felt like doing it once, but I no sooner thought of it than I felt ashamed 'of my self. I reasoned that life was'nt mine to waste, so I kept it, and tho' -'m only a charcoal burner now, I ain't sorry I did. But look here, you were, until you fell across me, going at the rate of knots, where, I don't suppose you" quite knew yourself. I stopped you though, and hav ing delayed- you so long, I suppose I ought to offer you bed and and board for the night My quarters ain't grand, but they're clean and comfortable, so come to my hut for the night, think things over quietly and make a fair start in the morn ing, eh!" "I am obliged to you, I'm sure, but--" "No buts please, old Dave don't want no compliments of that sort. Come and you're welcome, you'll feel better to morrow, and your road will beaeasier to traveL" Mark for some little time hesitated. This turn which affairs, had. taken made him wish he had gone on'and not heeded the old man at all, then his better nature, which was always uppermost, prevailed. It might cheer old Dave tohave a com panion for the evening; so, deciding once more to sacrifice himself for any little pleasure that might be derived by:'an other, he answered, "Since you are so kind, and Bendigo is too far to walk to to-night, I'll stay with you.L" (To be Coniiueed.) 