? Wooed on the Silver Sea; OB, Kingseliff Tower. CHAPTER VI. THE FACE OF THE DEAP. A south-east gale was blowing into the little bay, forcing the great, frowning, gorging billows of the German Ocean far above the high water mark, where they broke with a continuous and deafening boom, that appalled the ignorant, and made the experienced fishermen look gravely to seaward and the still gathering gloom overhead. Great masses of cream-colored foam floated high over the tall spire of the parish church, and, with showers of gleet like rain, dashed up against tbe windows of the white cottages, causing each tempest tried casement to rattle again, as gust followed gust more furiously. Tbe storm that pitilessly assailed the strong stone cottages of the poor raged, if possible, with greater violence against the long French windows of Kingseliff Tower. Whilst the warring of the elements continued without, a war of the passion was going en within the breast of the owner of tbe picturesque mansion. "It is useless, Wolverton, to plead for the young scoundrel," cried Sir Robert, as he paced up and down the luxuriously appointed drawingroom. " I have paid Dacre's debts once, and I positively decline to do so again. I gave him an excellent opportunity in the City of making a competence and marrying a fortune. He has neglected those chances, and in addition to that ruins a young woman by a pretended marriage. Why, the fellow must be a a perfect devil, for he has gone and made love to that poor, pale-faced girl —Miss Carringfcon's companion. I cannot forgive all this, and so I am resolved to wash my hands of him altogether." " Dacre would never suoceed in the City," remarked the older son, qoietlr, ignoring the latter part of his father's speech. " He* has not the brains for commerce." " Did I care for the city or commerce ?" asked Sir Robert, angrily, stopping to bend his stern gaze on Wolverton. " I waa a younger son, and submitted to my fate when told that I. must strain all my energies to make a name and fortune, or die poor and ouscure. I gave him the same advantage I possessed, with this difference^* that while I received only a few paltry hundreds of pounds to commence life with, he left here not two months ago with £2000 to his credit. His condoot has been perfectly inexcusable." " He has been swindled—induced by adventurers to put every penny he bad in the production of a new weetdy newspaper. In some ways Dacre is very green," proceeded bis brother. Then, as if upon a sudden inspiration, he continued, " Why not send him into the army, sir ?" " Send a fellow like that to mix among gentlemen 1" exclaimed the angry father. " Has be not brought enough disgrace upon the name of Dunray already ! A dunderhead at school, he came home to write trashy rhymes for the poet's corner of a country paper, and mix and become the associate of all the scum of the fisher folks below there. As a culminating act of infamy, he destroys that poor creature at Southbeach. Heaven knows what he has done to Miss Carrington's companion. The poor girl goes about like the ghost of a dead nun, and her condition seems to be catching, for the heiress—whom, by the way, you have not yet secured—has lately been as dull and dispirited as her humble friend. If, pauper like," cried the baronet, fiercely, " Dacre comes home now, he'll find no welcome here. Of this I am resolved : he shall never again touch a penny of my money." As the father uttered these merciless words his companion turned to the window by which he stood, and a grim sardonic smile stole over his cold, pale face. Then a silence fell upon the men, which was only broken by the booming of the waves beneath the cliff and the howling of the terrible winds tbat swept over sea and land, presaging sorrow to many an English heart. The tall, lean baronet proceeded to pace the floor with increased energy as he brooded inwardly upon the injuries he supposed he had suffered at the hands of bis absent son. Hie dark eyes gleamed from beneath the bushy black brows ; his thin bejewelled hands played nervously with his watch guard, and every now and then were raised fitfully, as if to smooth away the close-cat grey hairs around the temples. " The fellew never conld do a gentlemanly action, I think," be resumed. " He coolly writes you to say that, being completely cleaned out, be has taken a passage home by the Kingsport steamer, as that is cheaper than by train. I fancy 1 can see him smoking a black clay pipe in the society of the forecastle hands. He takes after bis mother. Thank Heave^i, Wolverton, you are your father's own son." " I hope, sir, I have' always been dutiful," returned the latter, quietly. " Yes, yes, always," answered the old man, as if he wished to convince himself* of the truth of the (statement. " Arvl yon shall not lose by your rcsj-ect for my wishes and authority. My ambition has been to creatc for my>elt a name and a family equal to t'nt of which my brother is the hoad. My success would have been certain but for this scapegrace, curse—" (To he rnvti'nii/>(I.) 