V.R.O. ; Spring Mooting.,. , Melbourno Stakes— li .mile.— Mr. D. O'Brien's P - ' bh Trenton, by Musket— Frailty, Oit (Robertson), ' 1 ; Mr. M. Lough lin'e br h Shoot Anchor, 9jt 41b (O'Brien), 2 ; Mr. J. Wilson's b or br b Riogmabtor, Git 11 lb (Moore), 3.' 'BjBworlh, Promotheus, .. Honoy'dow, Mozart, and Cyclops also ran. Betting: , 2 tp'.lly. Bingmoster ; 3 to 1 v, Trenton j 5 to 1 any other. A good etart- was effected, save Bos- , worth, who was loft uttho post. Bingmaster, Bos-, worth, and Tronton were tbo firat. to begin, and led,,. , for a quarter of a ;mile, when Boavvorth, running througn his horses. very faBt, forced tho pace to the sneuj, wnero xrenion iook a sngnt command or Bosworth, Hpneydew, Bingmastor, and Cyclops, lho lot closed up, at tho entrance to tho straight, ' where Cyclops showod, in front, but soon died out| ' and tho hoavy-go-ng telling ngiinet Honewdow, Shoet Anchor dualled up on tho inside, aud with Trenton settled down to finish a pretty rice home, i which ended in favour of Tronton by ba'f a length. Bingmaster two lengths from Sheot Anchor, third ; then followed Prometheus and Cyclops, whileHonoy dew, Mozirl, and Bosworth were beatoa by along - way. ! Time; 2 minutes 16i seconds. ? Hotham Handicap — li miles and a distanne. — Mr. S. Davis's br m Lesbia, bo Xim WhiiBor— Peerlojs, 6st 51b (Masdonald), n ; Mr. J, Whit tingham'e bh Montmore, 6st 101b (Guy), 2; Mr G. Harris' b or bk h Signor, Git 101b (Brown), '3 Off Colour, Chuokster, Anglesey, Comet., Don Doccaster, Kingship, Lantern, Agitation Ballarat and Geno a'so started. Betting: 2 to 1 v. Don caster, 5 to 1 v. Lesbia, 6 to a each v. Comet and Agitation, 7 to l each v. Mentmoro and Signor, 10 to 1 v. othors. Tho flag was lowered to a good start, .Agitation taking command, and making ths runding till half-i-mile from home,' attended by Doncaetcr, ,Signor, Comet, and Lesbia, with ths otherB well together, except Mentmore. Signor headed Agitntiou at the turn, and lod into the straight, closely followod by Comet, Montmore, and Lesbia. Montmore looked like a winner at the dis tance, but Lesbia catching him a fine race ensued, resulting in Lesbia winning by a clear length. Signor finished a length from Mentmore, and then followed Genoa, Agitation, Comet, Lantern, and KingBhip, with Anglesey and Off Calour last. Time, 2 inir-u!es 57 seconds. Weight for Age Hurdh Baco — about 2 miles. — Mr. C. Hart's ch h The Agent, by Standmers— Lucy, 12st 2;b (Ferguson), lj Hon. W. Pearson's b m Gasalier, ilst 111b (Gardinor), h ; Mr. T, Cr'pps' bl h Duration, list 101b (M'Leod), 3. Molrow, Royal Maid, and Tho Agent also Btarted. Betting : 6 to 4 on The Agent, 3 to 1 v. Duration 4 to 1 v. jBoyal Maid. Gasalier led over the first fence, fellowod bN Duration and Boyal Maid, with The Agent Inst. Boyal Maid wont to the front at the river turn nnd led along the back of the couree by three lengths, tha othors togethir, except The Agent/while Molrow wo s already beaten off. Tho Agent caught his horsos very fast at the third laet fence, and, Boyal Maid retiring, Duration went on after the favourite, but tho latior drawing away , won cleverly by a length from Gasalier, who was a length and a half in front of Duration, with Boyal Maid ten lengths'off, and Mobrow 200 yards away. Time, 3 minutes 55J seconds. Maruxbnohg Platb — Five furlongs.— Acme, by Chester— Princess Maud, 8st. 51fcs (Halej), 1 ; Mad delina, by Neckengat — Meg Merrilles, 8st 51bs (Weazel), 2 ; Blairgowrie, by VeBpssian — Athalane, 8st lOlbs (Robertson). Also ran — Dufferin, Divi. dend, Damoclos, Betort, Fernandez, Chosham, Hal cyon, Tolephone, Trojan, Essie, Devotion, The Nun, Louise, TamariBk. Betting : 2 to 1 v Acme, 4 to 1 v. Blairgowrie, 6 to 1 v .The Nun, 7 to 1 v. Louisa Berla, 12 to 1 v. Trojan, 1-t to 1 each v. Halcyon, Tamarisk, and Maddelina, 20 to 1 v. any others. Maddelina was the first to move from a good Btart, but The Nun soon appeared at the front, and with Ohesham, Maddolina, Acme, Halcyon, and Blair-; gowrio in attendance, led to the tan crossing, when she suddenly wont back, and Louisa Berta appeared in command, but only tor a moment, when Acme, who was near tho rails, Bhot to the front, and began to leave the field. Little lurther on, Ohesham and Haloyon tired, and Maddelina und Blairgowrie went to chaBe Acme, but the latter was full of running,' ' and sailing away without an effoit, Bbe won in a ? canter by four lengths, leaving Maddelina and Blair- ? gowrio to run a great race for second place, in which ohdeavour Maddelina ' secured the position by a head. Louisa Berta was fourth, and after came.; . Cbesham, Dividend, Tho Nun, Haloyon, ri otophone, 'Devotion,' -'.Trojan, and Essie, with Dufferin last. S^Sbllikg Bacb, seven furlongs.— Mr. J. 'Warm's ch c Albanus, 9it 61b (M'Dowall), 1 ; Mr. T. Coffey's 5 br g- Scaramoucho, 7at 71b (Sanders), 2; Mr. T. Jones, ch c Solo, 8st 61b (Flanagan), 3. Phantom, Virago, Agatha, Stonebroke, Egbert, Phaon, and Sparkle also started. Betting: 3 to 1 v. Virago, 4 to 1 v Stonebroko, 6 to 1 v Phantom, 7 to 1 v Al- . banusj 12 to 1 v others. Albanus led all the way, ? and won a fine race with a head from Scaramouohe, with Solo a neck away. . _ ?Thb VlCToniA Debut. Colts, 8it 101b j fillies, 8st 5lb. One and a-half mile. — Hon. J. Whito's br c Nordenfeldt, by MuBket— Onyx, 8at lolb (Ellis), 1 ; Mr. W. Kelso's br o First Chester, by Chester — Marie Stuart, 8st 101b (Kelso), 2 ; Hon. W Robin Bon's br c Winchester, by 8t. George — Miss Flat, 8st 101b (Power), 3. Romus, Dunlop, Isonomy, Thunderbolt, and Uralla also started. Betting: 5 to 4 v Nordonfeldt, 5 to 1 v Thundorbolt, 6 to 1 v Ieo noary and Dunlop, 8 to 1 v TJralle, 14 to lv First Chester, 20 to 1 v Remus and Winohester. -After two nttompts tho signal was given for a start, First Cheater and Nordonfeldt jumping from the mark: but as. toon as t hey got going, Sanders toak Remus to the front, and lod round tho river turn two lengths in advance cf Nordonfeldt and Isonomy. after whom came Dunlop, First Chester, Winchester, nnd Uralla. Isonomy then went up second, and ba» fore r- aching the bridge he was two lengths clear from Nordenfeldt and Thunderbolt, and within a length and a half of the leader. At thoy passed the bridge, Iaonomy was on terms with Bemus, and a length from them came Nordenfeldt and Thunder bolt on equal tormB, and watohing each other, the others clustered two lengths away, and Uralla com ing up rapidly on the outside. Finding the pace rather .slow, Isonomy loft Remus, and between tho back of the abattoirs established a leod of several lengthe. Bemus was sfcill second, and clear of Nor denfeldt and Thunderbolt, the others two lengths off together, except Fiist Chester, who had boen pulled back last. At the abattoirs Isonomy waB three lengths in front of Bemus, Nordenfeldt, and Thun derbolt, aftor whom succeeded Winchester, Dunlop, , and Uralla on terms, First Chestor still laBt. As they racod past the stand, the paoo grew stronger, and Uralla got within two lengths of Isonomy, while Dunlop appeared to be beaten. They closed on the loader at the ha'f-mile post, whero Uralla took a good position on the outside. Isonomy was the first to turn into the straight, with Thunderbolt at his girths ; but no sooner wore thoy round tho turn than Firet Chester against the rails, and Nordenfeldt on tho. outside, joined them. Uralla then made one effort, and rotired. Ieonomy held a , slight com mand -at; the ^distance, and . he then began to roll about, and First Chester, who dashed up on' the in side, icut him down, and appeared in front. Norden feldt and Firat Chester mado an effort at the. sanie time, and a great racs ensued, Nordenfeldt ooming with his usual gamenoss, and caught First Ohwter. The . wlnpa were brought into play, when First Chester swerred badly and cannoned against Nor-, denfeldt^ who lost ground, but came up again reio lut'ely, but was again cannoned, and the pair raced to the post looked 'together amidst the greatest excite ment. With one dosporato effort Nordenfeldt again oaugh't hiB opponent, and dofeatod him by a ahorfc head, Winchester u length off third, then half a length came Thunderbolt, followed- by Isonomy, . Dunlop, and Romus, with Uralla a bad last. Time, ' 2 minutes, 48i seconds. ? _ Contract Stakes, 1 mile and a furlong.— Mr. _ i. Jonei', I Bohemian, Maribyrnong— Nina, ,7st. 6lb. ? -? (Flannaga'ri),' 1st. ; Mr. W. Crozier's Lantern, 8st. lllbs. (D. O'Biien), 2S Hon. W. PearaouVParady, 6at. (Govy), 3. Stafford, the Ghosts Iralloe; Dirk Haiteraiok, Israolite, Wing, Lord Exeter, Lavington, Morrimu, Marie Louise, Tempo, Waverley, Reoall, 5 i Honoycoinb/ R°al Jam, Phuon and Buttross nlao ? started. Betting : 5 to 2. y. .Bohemian, , 3, to. l,y.! To'rripe and Mario Louise, 6 to 1 v. Merrimu, 7 to 1 v. Lintorn, 10 to 20 to 1 v. othova. , Lintern lea most of tho way,' attended by Wing, Iralleo, ana Mario Louise, but Bohemian ran to tho front at the distanoo, and won by a length ' from Lantern. Parody was two lengths away, followed by Merrimu, Tempo, and. Ir'ralleo on lclose terms, 'lime, .1 minute SO^ieconds'. ? , : i / m! ? ??? ??y. ! ?/ ? :. ; .. V '/ V.V V /X/.-C/..' 