NEWCASTLE HOSPITAL FOR THE INSANE. \---<>\---- We recently gave a description of the Callan Park Asylum for the Insane. It is well for the outside public to have some notion of the manner in which these institutions are conducted and of the routine life of the patients, and to-day we give some information on that asylum. It is a cause of much satisfaction that of late years those of our unfortunate fellow-creatures who are the victims of mental alienation have received largely increased sympathy. The mind- doctor, like others, owes a large debt of gratitude to the " scientific method " as it has been applied to this par- ticular form of human suffering. It is not so many years ago that, the various characteristics of mental alienation were undistinguished and un- classified. The Hospital for the Insane at Newcastle supplies one of many evidences of the care of the com- munity at large for its individual sufferers. It is well situated, adjacent to the cliffs that overlook the sandy beach and Nobbys, and lies partly in a hollow, sheltered from the rough winds of the Pacific. The grounds are perhaps about 10 acres. On the higher western part of the grounds stand a series of buildings facing east. These were formerly the barracks of the Imperial troops. Twelve, years ago (when the present superintendent was appointed) the premises were in a rough state. During these years one improvement has followed another, till, now the appearance of the asylum and grounds is interesting and pleasing. Much taste and artistic skill have been employed in the arrangement and planting of the gardens, walks, and avenues, some of which are lined with shade trees. The good effects of this kind and thoughtful work are not limited to the institution. Meeting with a purveyor's man on his way to board a ship in the offing, on reaching the gate of the asylum, he remarkod, "'Here is the only bit of nice cultivation about". Such was the verdict of a rough-looking sailor-man, who, however, had a kind heart and a taste for the beautiful. Parting from the good follow, and entering the main gate, a stone house, or lodge, appeared. The only per- son stirring here was a member of the ubiquitous Chinese "gender," as the Yankees would say. He, with true Mongolian courtesy, appeared to have a desire to do something and to say something, but accomplished nothing more than pointing his finger up the avenue, which he did in response to whatever was said. On ap- proaching the long line of separate buildings numerous trees and shrubs were seen occupying the intervening spaces, while the generally clean and neat appearence of everything about took off all feeling of repugnance in approaching a place devoted to the insane. In the old time the officers appear to have been lodged in close contiguity to the main barrack buildings. In the endeavour to reach the abode of the superintendent, one or two venerable-looking verandahed houses were visited ; but no response followed the knocking, which gave forth a hollow sound, and a feeling almost of weirdness, even on that bright sunny morning, began to steal on the mind. The large, heavy doors and window-frames of the place ; its wide, paved verandah, its generally substantial, broad appear- ance, like a wide-spreading oak, as though it were intended for the shelter of generations - every- thing, indeed, about it told of a period ante to that of " eligible builders 'subdivisions " and the 10 1/2 feet frontages of Paddington and Waterloo. The sound of the knock reverberated- through the now evidently empty house. This, perhaps, was the commanding officer's house. Sentiment would have liked to linger, and summon Imagination, like an Ariel, and bid it rehabit the dwelling and re- present the convivial guests of the colonel. Most of the confreres are now probably dead. Possibly one or two may even now occasionally recount the his- tory of their stay at Newcastle, and their experiences of the convicts at Allen's Point, over whom they, occupied the doubtful honour of being guards. Between the main two-story buildings in which the inmates are lodged and the old mess-rooms, is a long strip of ground, now made into a pretty garden with lawns. A door in the, wall at the end of this garden being opened, quite a congregation of female inmates at once came into view. Their appearance was very striking. Some were sitting on garden forms, some on the grass, some leaning against the wall, some moving in a restless uneasy walk. A glance at their counten- ances discovered at once their mental condition. Their chief characteristic was inertness - in very many cases utter vacuity. Perhaps of all forms of mental disorder this is the most distressing. The activity, even violence, of the vigorous lunatic has more in common with average humanity, for there is motion, there is vivacity-something that speaks of life and inner reason, though deflected from its rational direction. But the terrible death in life of what distinguishes humanity from the unreasoning animal-the ghost- like aspect-that peculiar negation of all active existence which, more than any other thing in the appearance of Bauquo, struck Macbeth-that crowning horror in his victim's semblance which he described when he ex- claimed, "Thou hast no speculation in thine eyes!" the dreary, vacuous stare, or rather languid unveiling of the eye (for to stare implies motion) - all this, so noticeable in most of these passivists, as one may call them, is very depressing, Yet if such a feeling was shared by the superintendent he completely con- cealed it, for he addressed them by name, as cheerily and as full of faith in their mental power in response to his inquiries as was Copperfield's aunt in re- gard to Mr. Dick's mind-power-latent, but cer- tainly there ! It was something curious, their perfect rapport in conversation and pantomime. Probably a genial-toned voice and a kindly look will ever find correspondence in the human mind, be it never so defective in its faculties. Even in a community of so-called imbeciles, idiosyncrasies are visible. One old Irish lady, with a red plaid shawl of a martial aspect, walked backward and forward incessantly, all the while uttering sounds which were evidently in close affinity to vigorous deprecation of some supposed enemy. Some smiled graciously, as in approval of the visitor. One or two insisted on shaking hands-doubtless, having some notion of the graces and pleasant dispositions which make life sweet. Some had children's faces - so very infantile in expression ! They had grown out of infancy physically, but that was nearly all. Some, running about, were children actually, for the inmates vary in age from two years to 80 or more. The dress worn by the patients is certainly no help to their adornment. Perhaps the costume may rank high in its adaptation to the circumstances and conduct 'of the inmates;- perhaps so;- but none could well be less aesthetic. However, apart from use and tastefulness, is it- looking at the matter psychologically- well to clothe 100 or 200 people of different faces and of different temperaments in such a way that their individuality, is virtually, and almost actually, ex- tinguished? Does it act well on the patients? And would it not be more conducive to the develop- ment of whatever germ of intellect may still linger in the deep levels of their mental structure, they each should easily distinguish the identity of others, as through variety in dress and outward appearance they would themselves be distinguished. Whatever reasons may be advanced in favour of the present system, it is certain that a respectful regard to the preferences of the females would seem to develop, even through harmless little female vanities, whatever of mental power they may possess. To cultivate individuality seems in every way advisable. Too much praise can hardly be bestowed on the superintendent and officers for their constant attention in other directions to the supplying of what is pleasant and engaging in colour, form, and variety. On entering the huge sitting-room one is attracted by the pleasing colouring of the walls, and the admirable manner in which they have been ornamented with pictures. Thetr are very numerous, every few inches presenting some fresh device of the artist's skill to win admiration or excite sympathy. It cannot be but that the inmates feel themselves, though silently, influenced by these pictures. But music now greets the ear, for on a raised platform is a young lady of the asylum playing on a cabinet organ, and as she plays one of Sankey's melodies she is accompanied by a very sweet chorus of children. While the strains of the melody were filling the room, it was interesting to look round upon the audience to see the effects of the music, and to note their many differing countenances. On some there seemed to be a quivering of the features, as though nature were struggling within for outward liberty. Otkers sat with a pleased look in -which, however, was small intelligence. And some looked on stolidy, as though the avenues to the emotional nature, had been always close shut while others, a goodly number, seemed full of kindliness, and were almost exuberant of expression. The hall, despite its pitiable occupants, conveyed an impression of cheer- fulness and prettiness, in addition to the comfort sup- plied by a large fire ; and it was gratifying to observe the excellent understanding which evidently existed between the audience and the superintendent, who, pass- ing among them, hat off, called to one and another to make inquiry into some special circumstance, or to utter a few words of cheer; knowing all by name, and calling all by name - a pleasing fact in the case of any public institution, but specially so in the case of one that exists for the benefit of such poor creatures. They, in turn, manifestly recognise the superintendent's efforts to make their lives as happy as is possible where some of the " chief elements in life's feast" are absent. The hall just referred to is also ,a dining-room, and the spotlessly clean tables furnished to the imagina- tion a subtle suggestion of good cheer and bodily com- fort. Close by is the spacious kitchen, with its rows of huge boilers and bright polished culinary gear, while in an adjoining store is seen a mighty an array of lordly joints of beef and masses of mutton, loaves of bread in yards of length, and a small garden of vegetables; everything evidently of excellent quality and pleasant to look upon. Passing along another hall is reached. This apart- ment, which is about 80 feet by 22, seems intended for a drawing-room so far as the walls and decorations are an index ; but there are backed long forms, and a raised platform at the other end, and a cabinet organ, and, finally, one of the daintiest lecterns'ever employed to sustain the heavy burden of a clerical discourse. And this is the church. The walls are chastely coloured, and numerous oil paintings ornament them. There, facing the audience, is the Good Shepherd and the stray sheep ; on the other side is John Baptist in the wilder- ness; and yonder is the Prodigal Son; and so on. This drawing-room church is a triumph, and is an excellent pattern. Doubtless the Superintendent has, large views concerning the Eastern and Western com- munions, and has for the present taken a leaf out of the book of the first. The Latin and Anglican peculiarities can follow as soon as the inmates are able to under- stand them as well as they do the pictures. There is every reason to think that such are the methods of instruction employed at the Newcastle Asylum so far as is possible under the circumstances, and with the means at disposal. And it is a source of satisfaction to observe the presence and exercise of that scarcest of all qualities-common sense, practical wisdom-adaptation of means to end. A large proportion of the inmates attend the services on Sundays, at one of which the superintendent reads one of the lessons. With respect to suitable employment for the patients, a great drawback is their pitiable inertness and apathy. These make it difficult to obtain so much of their services as is desired in making improvements for their own benefit, or in the cultivation of the grounds, whether for purposes of beauty or usefulness. Were the inmates capable of a rational course of life, doubtless a system, in which they would be led to take the place of employees would be advisable. The motive to labour found in the necessity for procuring bread for the passing day - that necessity which is the secret spring setting the whole machinery of the working world in motion, and which is found necessary even in the case of the sane inmates of a benevolent institution-is wholly wanting here. In Boswell's "Johnson," the Bishop of St. Asaph tells of a community of aged persons whose every want was sup- plied on the only condition of whatever they might earn being paid into the charity funds. "They," said the bishop, " grew quite torpid for want of property. "Yes," said the doctor, "they have no object for hope. their condition cannot be better. It is rowing without' a port". It is satisfactory to notice that the Newcastle inmates are kindly urged and stimulated to action. Healthy exercise is undoubtedly a most valuable factor in alleviative, if not curative, treatment. A sound mind in a healthy body was long ago declared to be the summum bonum. It is well to endeavour to compass the latter, even where the former may be unattainable. The patients at Newcastle are excellently fed, and the best results possible have followed. The chief medical inspector, Dr. Manning, of whom the superintendent spoke in the highest terms, lays great stress on a good diet in the treatment of lunatics. Sitting in the superintendent's house, three children came in, one of whom at once attracted notice. A girl of about 10 years, tall, of elegant figure, graceful in her movements, ever smiling, and pleasant of expres- sion, very pretty face; rich-coloured, luxuriant, chestnut hair; fine eyes, and dressed most tastefully - she looked a little lady, of'whom any parent would be proud. Asking who she was, the answer was that this child was a "patient". An attack of typhoid fever had stopped the further development of intellect, and she was made a wreck for life. At first there seemed nothing peculiar, for was she not a child, and of course lively and playful ? She was eating an apple, and suddenly she laid it down, and saying, " See, Misser Cane, how I run," away she scampered over the lawn full of life and fun as she could be. Presently she returned, and by and bye off she started again, her hair floating in the wind. Now she comes, her whole being full of life and joy. Poor Rosie ! What was curious in this case was that at first an onlooker would be inclined to think that little was wrong. But by and bye a strange feeling arose that while the girl was at least 10, her talk and ways never rose above those of a child of six or seven. If the physical appearance of that age could have been pre- served for ever, then no anomaly between body and mind might have been seen. But when such a patient grows in stature, and is endowed with eligance of form, prettiness of face, and grace of movement, an illustra- tion is afforded of the sad results which flow from the want of harmony in body and mind. And a case like this brings into a strong light the great value of an in- stitution of this character, governed on principles of kindness, and provided with many home enjoyments. This girl had improved so greatly at the asylum that her parents took her home. But fits of dementia - at one time frequent, but now rare - caused her return to Newcastle, where she certainly has as much happiness as is possible to her. When being taken by the nurse to bed, she put up her face to be kissed, and, after a hearty " God bless you ! " by the visitor, she courtesied at the door and disappeared. One can hardly help asking how it comes about that in this bright bounteous land, with so very many favourable conditions for healthy life, we should have so many human failures presented to us ? Some of the 240 inmates are from over the sea, but a large propor- tion, are young in years, and some are but infants. An inquiry of this character requires to be wide and far reaching, and must necessarily touch on facts which few care to boldly face. But here, surely, drunkenness, and its attendant, cruelty, may be summoned into court to meet the frown of the medical judge; and licentiousness in its varied forms here sees the fruit of its wrongdoing. In a few cases stolen pleasures have, in the "whirligig of just revenges," robbed the brain of its dominion. Of course, it would be quite errone- ous to ascribe all this trouble to vice. Circumstances be- yond human control - mysteries of this world - enter largely into the causes of this form of human suffering. Heredity, sickness, accident, vice, all play, their parts. But, whatever the cause, it may be safely affirmed that a helpless imbecile is one of the saddest things the sun looks down upon. 