MUCH MISTAKEN MARY ANN. It occurred In the important manufac turing town of Huffinton, one Saturday afternoon, about half-past lour, just as Mrs. Pringle, the wife of a highly respectable mem- ber of the borough police, haviog done all her housework, had made herself a onp of tea before ' going up to clean herself,' when her younger sister, Mary Ann, who was general servant to Mrs. M'Guppin, who lived close by, and let lodgings, rushed in, pale as a ghost, and exclaiming — Oh, 'Tilda !' ' My goodness, what is the matter ?' cried Mrs. Pringle. 4 Has Mrs. M'Gappin been taken with a fit.' ' Oh, worse, 'Tilda 1. gasped Mary Ann. ' I was in the house all alone with 'em.' I HTiAU I mUU mliA 9' V1IU 6UI nuu 4 4 The lodgers. Oh, 'Tilda — she is so hand some, and be appearin' to dote on the very flagstones she walked upon. I don't know how I've found my way across the street. I'm in that tremble.' Here, drink.this cup of hot tea ; that'll oompose you,' ' Oh, "Tilda ; after what I have heard, I shall never be composed any more.' ' Don't go on talking like that, and looking as if you expected to see spectres coming thrcugu the parlour door. What have you seen — what have you heard?' 'Oh, 'Tilda! Mrs. , M'Guppin has gone out, and I was coming down stairs past their door — the drawin'-room — when I heard 'em struggling'. So I put my ear to the panel of the door, and — oh, Tilda !' ' For mercy's sake, Mary Ann, don't roll your eyes in that way ; but finish the tea, and then tell me what you heard;.' ' I will 'Tilda. Well, the first thing I heard him say was " You have been faithless 1" " I have," she says — and she bo innooent looking, 'Tilda.' ' Go on. What did he say, then ?' Of course I can't tell you in the exaet words he used, but they was something like this: "Aha ! the mask have at last fallen from your perjur'd brow ! You have never lov'd me, but your false heart have always been another's — the Count of Oaddybaldo" — or some Buch name, I couldn't clearly oatoh it ; he spoke so between his clenched teeth, like a serpent.' ' Good gracious ! and then what did she Bay?' She said, " I am guilty, he lured me," she said. " I tried to love yoo as was my duty. I fled from him, but he crossed my path, and I could not resist Ms faoBhinations ! Have mercy on me." ' No," he says. 44 1 will be a faithful wife to you in future," she says. " No !" he says, " never again," he says, " shall your perfidious false ness twine itself like the something ivy round my wither'd heart 1" "Mercy 1 ' she says again almost in a shriek. "No," he says, "not lor you in this world," he says. 41 1 have token the life of your para mour, Bud now it is your turn to die 1" he Mya. Oh, Tilda, when I heard him say those dreadful words, I made sure I should have fallen on the landing — and I in the house all alone with 'em 1' 4 Don't give way, Mary Ann. Have some more hot tea. My goodness! What else did you hear V ' " Spare me for our ohild'B sake !" she says. " Aha 1" he says in the voice' of a demon ; " that. haB sealed .your doom 1" Then ha seemed to seize her and drag her about the room, she all the while was Grying out for mercy, and he yelling at her that the more she appealed for mercy, the more his wither'd heart was closed against her.' ' Bless my soul, how shocking !' cried Mrs. Pringle. 'Well, what next?' 4 Then — oh, Tilda. ! If I hadn't been that sick aud faiut that I had no voice to use, I should have screamed 41 Murder !" — for that's what was going on — on the otbtr side of that drawing- room door.' 4 Murder, Mary Ann I ia Mrs. M'Guppin 's drawing-room !' ' Murder, 'Tilda ! and it's been done ! and me only on the lauding outside !' 4 Mercy upon us 1 Are you sure ? How do you know ?' 4 Oh, I heard him only too plainly say to his poor wife, " No ! you die ! ThiB knife, on which the stains of his heart's blaok blood Ib still visible, shall drink yours 1" Then she shroke — fell upon ths floor, and said with her laBt breath — poor young thing, " Gustave, I forgive you my death, whiohlhavedeserved, and which I hope will be a warning to all young wives not to listen to the soft speeohes of all fashionable seducers from the paths of virtue." And then she seemed to die without being able to say a word more.' 4 ThiB is all very dreadful, Mary Ann,' said Mrs. Pringle, by this time nearly as white in the lace as Mary Ann herself. ' And did you hear him say anything after that ?' ' Oh, 'Tilda 1 you'll hardly credit it, but the only remark he made was this, "All right, old girl ; that will do very well." 4 The cold-blooded monster !' 'That is exactly what I said to myself , 'Tilda, as I rushed downstairs and oat of the house, for fear that, after slaughtering his pretty young wife, he might come out of the room, and finding that his crime was known — hiB very words overheard — he might have thought that the only way of saving himself was to mnxder me !' 4 1 really don't know what you ought to do, Mary Ann. Poor Mrs. M'Guppin I it will be a dreadful shock to her. I wish William was at home ; but he won't eome off duty for the next two hours, and by that time that monster will have made his escape. What name did they go by ?' 4 Mr. and Mrs. Fitzallamont.' 4 Fitz — what?' cried Mrs. Pringle, upsetting the remains of her first cup of tea. ' Fitz— what ?' ' Aitamont,' repeated Mary Ann. ( They had only come into the lodgings the day before.' 4 You have given me a turn, you foolish girl !' oried Mrs. Pringle, somewhat hysteri cally. ' What do you mean, 'Tilda ?' Why, that Mr. and Mrs Fitzaltamont are ths aotors that are going to perform to night at the,Theatre Royal. Their names, in big letters, are on all the walla about the town.' 4 Actors ?' oried Mary Ann, vacuously. 4 Of course ; and they were no donbt going through their parts, to Bee whether they knew 'em perfectly before night.' 4 Actors — acting 1' murmured Mary Ann, as if in a dream as she hurried back to her mistress's house. ' Well, if they call that acting, I can only say it was as like the real thing as I hope never to overhear again in my life.'— Charles S. Cheltnam, in Tom Hood's Comic Annual for 1885. 