traveller. Three Weeks in Southland, N.Z. BT FRANK MOBMJY. (Continued.') How long have I been olimbing this track, picking ferns, murdering Shakespeare, apostropMsing tom-tits, and perspiring freely. Seems like an hour. I must be at least a mile above the level of the lake. Surely I can walk and moralise at the rate of a mile an hour. Let me see what the aneroid says. Great Jehoshophat! only 500 feet! But the apparatus can't lie. I'm not more than 166 yards above the lake yet. I don't think I'll climb Mount Emslaw this time. It would look like taking a mean advantage of the mountain, to practise on a wood track at the back of Kinloch first. Just here I found the following notice nailed to a tree, wMch I give verbatim :— " Head of lake, June 7th, 1884. , . Notice.—This is to sertify thaiu l, John Snooks, have tMs day applyed for a claim for wood cutting." The name wasn't Snooks, bat that's no matter. I went on about fifty feet further, when I came to the .conclusion that in a stnjggle between ptore dtoQtes and New Zealand gcrub the sdtub would get the best of it. Then I paused and looked around me, preparatory to beginning my descent. There is not much to see certainly. My horizon is limited to about fifty feet. The interlacing leaves of the black birch (Betula nigra), the white birch (B. alba), the red birch, the totara, and various other trees and bushes, effectually shut out the rays of the sun from the damp ground beneath, where ferns and scrub, in endless variety and profusion, flourish side by side in their struggle for existence. I am now 550 feet above the lake, and for all the view I can get I might as well be in the deepest dungeon in the old Bastille, or down in the lowest level of the Magdala claim at Stawell. Returning, a very pretty object caught my eye—a dagger-shaped pendant of ice lunging from the roots of a tree which grew upon the edge of a cutting. The water percolating through the roots was frozen as it issued in drops, and the translucent icy stalactite, about two feet in length, sparkled like a huge diamond in the sunshine. But I have no more time to dawdle here, as that sound wMch rolls in a thousand echoes from the Mils is the fog-horn of the Jane Williams, and she leaves Kinloch in less than an hour. In ten minutes more I am carving an ancient chicken for the Lady of the Lake, whose acquaintance I made tMs morning; and we are discussing the probability of the sun shining during the next forty-eight hours in order to reveal the beauties of the scenery, wMch, up to tMs point, have been Mdden by an envious leaden sky. The lady is undecided whether to go or stay. "Do you think it is going to clear up," she asks. I look out at the window; then I return and put on my most sympathetic, and withal my wisest look, and respond somewhat after the manner of the immortal Captain Cuttle: " The wind is sow in the son-west. If so be, my dear madame, that it chops round to the nor-west, or nor-nor-weBt by nor, we'll probably have a change. If the glass doesn't go down any more it will very likely rise presently; and then we'llhave some weather. If we don't have some weather we'll likely have some sunshine." " Dear me 1 how very annoying. I think I'll go back." " I don't think that you can gain much by staying here, madame I" " Do you really think it will clear up in a day or two ? if so, I will stay." " Truly, madame, I think you are wise to remain." " After all I think I'll go." " Well, on second thoughts, I believe you are right." "After coming all tMs way I don't like leaving without seeing something." " I commend your resolution, madame ; only dire necessity drives me away from these hospitable shores. I envy you your chance of remaining to see the sun shining in all his glory upon those gloomy hills, and transforming them, as by a magician's wand, into all the color's of the solarspeotram." " Yes 1 I will remain." " Adieu 1" " Adieu 1" The Jane Williams is a little craft even smaller than the Mountaineer. She is not, . like her rival, got up regardless of expense. She has no gorgeous saloon sMning with brass and nickel, and upholstered with crimson velvet or some brilliant imitation thereof. But she is a good little boat for all that; and her skipper is a decent fellow, too; but cela va sans dire, as he is an old Victorian, and all Victorians are good men when they aren't the reverse. Now we are off. The Lady of the Lake stands in a pensive attitude, watching our departure. I think she is even now repenting of her final resolution. We steer straight for Glenorchy wMch gleams acrosB the water, about three miles away, like a miniature painting on a huge gray canvas. When about half-way across we get a fine view of Mount Earnslaw, wMch hitherto has been Mdden by the smaller but nearer Mount Alfred. What a rugged old giant he looks with his storm-tossed locks of cloud and vapor clinging to his. venerable head, and hanging halfway down hip shoulders, like the poor gray hairs of old King Lear, when turned adrift by Ms ungrateful daughters and abandoned to the iperoy of the'storm. There is a glacier somewhere about Mount Ernslaw which I have not seen yet; but which I am quite prepared to take on trust, as the atmosphere and the water are alike cold enough to indicate the presence of half-a-dozen respectable glaciers. The Bees* Biver here joins the waters of the lake; and although just now it is comparatively low, the captain assures me that it brings down an enormouB volume of water sometimes, and that the shingle at the mouth of the river is constantly shifting. Half-an-hour steaming brings us alongside the wharf at Glenorchy. We have not very much oargo to take on board; and presently we are off, our passenger list being reinforced by the addition of a fur skin-covered hunter, with a venerable and unkalizoic dog; which must be an extremely valuable animal if only half as clever as he is ugly. While we are steaming along close in to the shore wMch lies upon our left, the captain enlarges upon the past glories of the old digging days. There has been plenty of gold got about Lake Wakatip. We are steaming past the old Buckleburn • diggins' out of which tons of gold have been won by diggers in the olden days from shallow sinking. A few Chinamen still hang about the old place with the strange pertinacity of the race. They make their tucker now, and that is about all. But there are quartz reefs higher up the river wMch have been lately turning out well, and a revival in mining about here is quite on the cards. The sun is still hidden by the gray pall which for the last two days has hung .about the limited area of sky which the tall mountains leave visible. But as we pass the islands a fugitive gleam of sunshine gives us a momentary glimpse at the exquisite panorama for which the Lady of the Lake is sighing, I hope not vainly. Suddenly, as if by magic, a wealth of gorgeous color breaks from the hitherto gray and gloomy mountains. In the foregreund is Fig Island, or Pigeon Island, it matters not wMch, as there is nothing in such unsuggestive names. The blue-black waters of the lake break in small curliag white-crested waves upon the basalt foreshore of the island. The pale green of the ferns and cabbage trees contrast vividly with the dark glossy leaves of the scrub. Away beyond the Btrip of water between us and the further shore, and forming the background of the picture, the gray and brown walls under the magic influence of sunlight, turn from gloom to gladness. Instead of black and gray and brown our eyes are gladdened by tender harmonies and sweet nuances of color. Deep purples, delicate blues, tender grays and a perfect diapasen of all the colors from the red to the violet end of the spectrum are reflected from the needle- like peaks and shaggy sides of those hitherto gloomy hills; and, Mgh above all, the pure wMte of the snow elmoBt dazzles the eye to look upon it. But this gleam of sunshine is only momentary; and presently, like the ghosts of dead memories, the glorious vision disappears. It appears to me that the beauty of New Zealand scenery depends a good deal upon light. This sounds like a simple truism; and some very smart reader may probably remark that "any fool knows that." But what I mean, if, indeed, I have any meaning, is that light plays a more essential part in producing magnificent effects among New Zealand mountains and lakes than any other factor. Each point and peak, every angle and escarpment seems to absorb that portion of the composite solar spectrum due to its molecular construction and its angle of incidence. According to the law of optics, there is no color generated by any natural body whatever. In the wMte light of the sun we have the sum total of all possible colors; and the various hues which greet the eye of the observer as the rays of the sun fall upon those rugged heights are due to the sifting process which the light tmttergbeB before being reflected back. Sometimes all the light is absorbed, and a dense blackness appears ; then the red, the orange, the yellow, the green, the blue, and the violet rays are absorbed or reflected as the case may be, resulting in all the colors being seen from some point or other, and all blended into a harmonious whole by masses of grays and other neutral tints in the way that only nature can blend her colors; while mingling with the clouds are the snow-clad peaks. " Clothed in white samite, mystic, wonderful." It is very beautiful when the sun shines. The Lady of the Lake by this time iB probably happy; as she must have caught a fleeting glimpse, if no more, of the beauties of Lake Wakatip, and the mountains, under the vivifying touch of— " That orbed continent, the fire That severs day from night." But now " the glorious lamp of heaven " is hidden under thick masses of vapor. The sombre gray walls are unrelieved by any splash of color or gleam of light; the black waters of the lake seem blacker and more unfathomable than ever; the shore flits past indistinct and shadowy ; the trees and scrub appear out of the darkness in front, and disappear into the darkness behind, and, the wind tossing their branches, they seem to turn eternally like the lost souls in the Hall of Eblis. The wind begins to rise. As it blows over those snow-covered hillls, it swoops down as if it had just arrived from some antartic waste of eternal icebergs; and seems to be embued with a demoniac desire to cut your ears off. You walk about frantically to keep up the circulation, or you cower behind the boiler of the engine, which, in the Jane Williams, riseB up boldly through the middle of the deck; and ever and anon you feel in the darkness for your nose, to make sure that you have something more substantial on your face than a lifeless and frost-bitten reminiscence of the past. But there is not much of this. Presently we reach Queenstown, and in the comfortable hotel of Madame Eickhardt I find as good accommodation, as good liquor, and as good meals as the traveller will find out of Melbourne, or perhaps in it. (To be continued.) 