UNITED METHODIST FREE OB VRCB. I. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of | the new parsonage in connection vrith the United | Methoiist Free Church, Calvin-street, was per formed by Dr. Quick, jSI.L.A., yo3terday after noon ill tho presonce of a large number of persona. The Australian omign was displayed from a polo in front of the building. The proceedings were commenced by the singing of tho first "hymn in Wesley's collection, " Oh for a thousand tongues." After the Rev. Mr. Read had engaged in prayer, the Rev. Dr. Porter briefly addressed tho assem blage. The Rev. J. Green, pastor of the church, intro duced Dr. Quick. A bottle containing copies of the Br.xntfio Advkutiskr, Independent, Evening News, Quar terly Magazine, minutes of the last annual meeting of the Methodist Conference, and the coins of tho realm was then placed in a cavity, and the stone having been placed in its proper position, Dr. Quick declared it to be " well and truly laid in the name of tho Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." Dr. Quick,in addrc;sing the assemblage, remarked that tho Rev. Mr. Green had several times pre viously asked liiiu to assist at their gatherings, but in consequence of pressure of other business he had had to declino tho honor. On this occasion ho had made an effort to accede to tlioir roquest, and ho had to express tho high esteem and respect in which ho held tho rov. gontleman. Nothing gave him more pleasure as a Parliamentary representa tive than to take pa. t in public gatherings which aro held for the moral and spiritual advancement of tho community. Tho presont ceremony was a proof of the energy, enterprise, and growth of the congregation attending this church. _ In c- n clusion ho again expiessed the gratilication he felt at being present, and wished the Methodist Free Church every prosperity in tho future. (Ap plauso.) An adjournment was then mado to tho church, wliero nil oxcellont tea had been provided, and to which a goodly number sat down. Tho tables wore presided ovor by tho following ladies: — Mesdainos Greon, Piumb, Renfrey, Ross, M'Intosh, Woodward, Harris, Stanley, Smbli (2), Kinsman and Martin, and tho Misses Hull and Lacey.' Subsequently a public meeting was held in tho church. The hon. It. Burrowes presided, and thero was a largo attendance. Tho Rov. J. Green read it report in connection with tho erection of tho parsonage, which is to be of brick with five rooms, showing that it will cost about £3G0. They had £115 in hand, and hoped to clear about another £50 by that gathering. Appropriate addresses wero also delivered by the Rovs. Dr. Porter, H. Wallace, Read, and other gentlomen. Tho choir rendered several suitable selections in a very pleasing manner, Miss Bull ably presiding at tho organ. Tho proceedings closed with tho usual votes of thanks. 