HIS ONE MISTAKEi By BIlRTHA B I OLAY.' - **·----- CHAPTER LXIV.-(OosorsnU o.) S he knew that LadyLogard, in her mild way, would dlstil.thiýbinformation through Uthe house, and so all trouble would be eaved. While the two gentlemen whom she had leoll together stood looking at eaoh other. SIt is a sorry oag,',"B aid the eari-" a Perry ending to all the bright and pleasant hopes that your mother had formed idr you. My boy, how couM you mistake so greatly ? Yon have out yourself bff'from us more, al. most, than if you were dead." S"I know it," he replied; "and looking ba?k, I tef you quite honeptly that I cannot think how I did it- It was a piece of hoyish, Qaulotio folly. I.never thought of the oan. j4quences.' 1'never thought of what would happen. 'I seemed to remember nothing but the laot that I had persuadod the girl to go ot, and that through me, sh was at that hour of night without home or shelter." "But there were a hundred other ways and mnins I" cried the earl. "None of them oonarred to me," said Lord Cindale. " -'do not oxneo myself in the list; I have not one word to say. You are very angry, father ?" ' . " * e.; "Yen;" am more disappointed than angry. SIthoght so mtiho of you ; I hadhbdilt'par. hips extravagant hopes over you; for love \- Lord Caridale Fighed deeply. " Shall wepart in anger, fether ?"be hsked. "We have never had -an unkind word-will yo not be a little merciful to me now? " "I cannot," said the earl, with a low mean; uols ndden paln-" I cannot, for you have da?troyed my life I" ., And those were the last words that passed betwno them for many years; SCHAPTER' LXV. :A ICoT Ll WOMY'S Annvci.. "I do not kuow," aild Lord Oarelale, " ow 'I h4e Eummoned courage tto.oll you the ' t '-. I can never hope that you willforgive me," ' • . - * . .. .. . v He was sitting with Lady Ethel under one of the pat spreading oaks in the' ark. He hAlisked ler to come out with him, as he hai something very partioular todsay to her. Onelook at hia troubled;- aggard face' told her the words were not idle ones, and, waitb. aut ayT.reply; sh put on her hat and mantle, and went with him. lHow he told hor the story he never knew. The words left hio lips, but he seemed to have .os lll control over them. The only thing that'he remembered very clearly was that eoms late roses were blooming near them, and that, to the end of his life, tae odour of a roo made his very heart siek and faint. "I hae nothing to foragie," said Lady Eh., I have long since felt quite sure that the rea a secret of some kind or other in °orlile. I knew that you loved me when you met me here five years ago; but, Lord Crelale, I do not understand why you asked me that question a few days since. If you were m naied at that time, how could yot satu to know whethor I loved you e not?" e told her what he had intended, and she Ink from him as she listened. That would have been wrong," she said, San it e had na?kl me, I should have told youso, Oe a mecriage, alwaye a marriage -eolhiog can change it. Even if you had leglly and lawfully obtained that eoparation, aiIt I had been told the truth, I should have "Ia m seaking tho pin trnth,t" he aad. omy n ideas O right and wrong nthlIg 0nuld change them." tell wsh "he said humbly ', that you would "ejuest what you think of my conduct, tOloot the least lear--will you, IEthel ? " aheraised her beautifl face to hie, and he pale t hwo; hil leart Bmoto him as "I will tell you," she enido "est what I tbcl. Your adviraltion of a pretty and gentle girl was eimpla enough; the rstwrong to dolit---s w s .the r y n lhad no right os sod s wasg no0t ef your station or your las " " n0 good could omo10 of ay acquoin. ntae? between you' th.o seond wrong stop woao asking h CTto go out with you; still, yoa,'u mnoseT wg ao say, kindness, yet it marr'ae Ir Y imPtuilent. 01 your -Q-i1 e-ol only may that it was a ,tinom folly Ic.n underetand it, though, a uom measure forgive it; it wae the t'.t FIwol ofa rash boy-the quiokest but or Itir"iy oua atof a diloulty. Will you am, irt lI e tha t our marriO seems iollonte 'r pa lle than the oilancoe that C e0ad it. Ye ask0 me to dissect your h'eidI a d I sn n. Why did you not ,o, a you had done? I make all Pareatse t, did t like to grieve your y., e bou ae Aben obliged to en bvn te otheunf Olaverd n caion on oyurt tetri Dot h aver don; his love olId not eistr mtt have been ery weak ilit 0 ma th- "" that strain on it. It Goem wMatlo,, yer'1 Sinelnce wae weak and ",Ethel,"' he cried, sopare me I Shaoe aked me for the truth" she my'es t tell , that or nothing. It 4 A *' rt eu at soma time." tel"'Ire "8ht," ho said. ",Go on, Ithink n, that you did wrIoDg over me, very wrong. I was young when I met you here, and you sought me. Wily did you do that, knowingt nt you were married ? Tfru, you did not perhaps what the world calls makd love to me, but you were like my shadow, and you must have seen that I was learning to care for you." "Ethel,V he cried, hurriedly. "I tell you though the words cover me with shamo, I loved you so madly that I never hardll thought of my marriage; I did not realieo it." "It was a cruel wrong to me," she said, with gentle dignity, " very cruel." " Will you forgive me, Ethel 1" he asked, sadly. "Ican never forgive myeolf.l' "Yes, I forgive you; but all my lifo I shall have to ouffer for your folly. Lord Caredale, people 'ay that prudence is a prim, prosaic virtue. Look at the desolation end the slt. tering brought into so many lives, then say it prudence be net the virtue of kings." " I see it," he eaid, gravely. Her taos lightened and brightened through all its pallor. " That is what I think of you," she said. I " I have told you the worst; now let me oom. fort you by sayheg that I do not think you have been guilty of any great sin--Impre. dence is not always a ein; but while I speak so of you, tell me in what words I am to speak of that glorious, that noble woman, your wile? She is beyond praise, and 1 think of her with my heart warm and my eyes fdll of tears. Think what she has uffered, yet how brave, how noble, how oouragoous she is. She must have felt that, quite un ceonetously, I was her rival. Yet she wasa = always ready to help me- to invent pretty dresseo for me. I aoolnts to you that I never once saw an impatient look on herface: and, ob, Lord Glaredale, do you remember that Y evening when my dress was disarranged, and she knelt down to stitoh it ? I understand your impatience now. There is no one like her in the world-not one. Think," she continued, "oef her patient love, imagine her silence under all those false aoosatioeas. Lord Caredale, you may thank Heaven that you have found so good a wife. Your im. t prudence in this case has turned outs blessing to you. "I consider Ailio, as you call her, one n of the most noble and portect women I have ever seen." - ri " Thank you for speaking solkindly of her, d Ethel," he replied. h "I know it all, and more. Of her beauty it i there cannot be two questions ; one only sees i I such a face in a life.timo. You have every reason to be proud of your wife, Lord Oars. I a dale." t "Heaven bless you,'Ethel, youoare a true I friend," he replied; ' Now' you have made eO the wound, give me the cure:. You tellme s, very frakly in what I have done wrong. Now oS tell me hew Ican best set about making that It 1 wrongright." ' ' t She mused graely for some minutes, then she looked earnestly at him. - m " Are ou ready to follow the advice that hi SI shall give you," she asked, "even though it a Sbe in some measure painful? " "Yes, I am quite willing, Ethel; I promise O I it," he replied, gravely ; and she knew that 7y he would keep his word. "Thoen I will tell you what I think, Lord at Caredale, and how it is beet for you to make at I' the wrong right. Your first duty is now to hi tyour, wife-to follow her, to find her, to a atone to her for all that she has suffered; to hi be a true, good, kind, loving husband to her; to make some nice home for her abroad for tl some years, and then, if possible, to seek a vi a reconiliation with your parents; I do not d, thinly they will refuse it." hi "I will obey you, Ethel, implicitly," he hI said. "You will let me write to you some times 1 Home I know will be closed against in me, and I am pledged not to'tell my secret to as my sister." - "Yes, you may wcite;.at times," she re- lb plied. A I'"And, Ethel, tell me that you forgive me. ac Give me some hope that in your thoughts tc you will not despise me." hi "No," she replied, simply. ' I have liked w you too much for that." l - t S"Tell me 'that I have not' speiled your life," he said;' "that in the future you will tb be happy; tell me that, Ethel I" - tb SShe shook her beautiful head gravely.' 11 S" It would be idle to pretend that I do an not suffer. Lord Carsdale, I do; but I hope, please God, my life is not all spoiled.'. You ki have gone the quietest way to work by die lii enchanting me, by letting me eee that you 'could be weak enough to keep a secret, and lot a woman suffer for it.' "I' know that-I shall be unhappy for a time, but I hope to forget all about it, and meet-with-a truer love." .. : ' vi "Do you mean that, Ethel? ' he asked' cc half sadly; "do you know--" -, ' m She held up her white, jewelled hand, with to a charming gesture. i' "You are going to.talk nonsense again," ebo said, "and I will not listen.. If you wish W. to show your esteem "fer me, obey me w promptly." -' . '. d "I Intend doing so," he said. ' "After all that has happened," shee eon de tinued, " it would be quite. impossible for w you and me to remain in the same hoesa ae We must study appearances; they.must be at kept up, no matter what goes wrong, and I is think at beet for you to go at' once, and I will at remain; women have more self-.eontrol than ne men. I can talk, sing, and laugh, whereyou tr would break down." "I have arranged to go at once," he 'said, at sadly. "I shall not see my father or mother hi a in. I leave soon after npon-and, Ethel, c hel i when shall I see you, or the dear old su home, or the old home faces again ?" " "When it shall please Heaven," she re. , plied, reverently. "Tell me, Lord Osrsdale; t where do you think Allic has gone ? ' " I can form no idea, but I shall find her, he replied. k . o "That is right-that is earnest; nowlettis I say good-bye. I must go back to Lady Gert. C rude; she is waiting for me." " to He sat quite still for a few minutes, then di he said: ' ' " Good-by, Ethel; may"HIeaven bless you whih every blessing 1" 1He held that white hand as though he would never let it go. He intended to do bl right. Ho regretted all the folly and impre- u dence he had been guilty of, but he was pert- u ing for over with the woman that he loved, and might never see again. 'Those who have lb seen the face of the woman they love, yet dare he not touch it-those who have listened to the voice they loved, yet dared not speak, may tell h what hoe endured. He saw the beautiful, bril- th liant faoe grow palpr and paler. She raised her lovely eyes to him, "My etrength is failing, Lord Caredale," H she eaid. "Imust go ;" and the noxt minute she had paecd out of eight. l " I must live it down," she said to orself' twenty times over, "I must live it down, I ' have my life before me." 0 Lord arodalo , aflter that farewell, did not roe:enter the house. Ie walkedto the station' intending to go to London that day; his boxto and trunks would be sent alter him; As or he stood in the station it occurred to him that he had not tpo least idesa where Ailio realy was. She might have gone home, but he did not think it likely. He inquired of tihe clerk in the booking-ocllto; who remembered oneof ar the Roseneath footmen purohoslngas irsat-class 00 ticket for London. Then she had gone to 1o London, What would aho do there? On arriving in London, he wont at once to ye the Langham, and then it occurred to-him In that he should have more dimcnlty than he h had anticipatod in diseovenlg where Adlio g1 had taken rolefugo, I OIAPilThr LXVI. lid d ? rn wmirer D u LADY F"=W.' rid . . y T?Ti? you have not aeo n-AAilie forsome tinmetl' naked Lord Oradale of 1iteDa wenit. And the answer was, "No." Hn had made al the search possible in. London for his young wife, but could get no , tidings of her. Thoy romembered her t the' t." London Bridge Hotel; and Patty, the kindly id, chambermaid, when she l~eard of inquiries being mode about a young lady, told 0at neo all that she had thought and nespoctel. Lord saodldo talked to her himself, and deoeribed oil Alio exactly to her. Is, "That is the lady I" cried the girl. ic " And you have no idea where lshe went?" t. aneked Lord C?aedile. " She mentioned no it town, no place?" " No," replied the obamber-maid, "none." So there his clew'ended. Naturally enough b bhis next visit was to lludewell, to see if Atlio had reaobhed home. This time be was so en d. grossed with anxiety that he quite forgot to . note that which beforehand had so disgusted Shim--the dull streetlthe gloomy' house, the a. evideneo of poverty. lie though only oflnad. Sing Aile, and atoning to her for what she n to llered; her heroism had been so great that, In his eyes, it ennobled even the most com. I mon-place eurroundingo. ,, As a tnattor of course, the wholefamily were astonished to eeo him, and still more Sastounnded at what he had to tell them; for . he would have no more conceahment, and, asending lor the dancing-master and hie as ronished wife, he told the truth. about his or name, hie title, and position, " At the same time,' he said, "I must tell at you quite fairly that my marriage oute me off d entirely from my family forever. It has Sbeen kept a secret from them all these years ; now they know it,- and I have bidden thoem to farewell forever," " S John Derwent and his wife were both over come. S"To thinl," said John, "that euoh a thing should happen." g "To think," cried lirs. Derwent,, 'that my daughter should be a lady of title.". They were both peoechlesn after that one remark. " Of course,": continued Lord Caredale, "now that my marriage is known,:I should like to see you in a different position. Ihave influential friends, and I do not doubt in the leost but that I can procure for you some little office under government, besides which. I will srttle a yearly income on you more than equivalent to that which you now earn. ..I shall have to trust to your good sense entirely never to mention my family or speak of them in any way, as it would lead to more harm-than good." John Derwent and hie wife were both over. whelmed-they could say nothing.. Then he made inquiries about 'rank, and learned that he gave promise, some day or other, of being a superb engineer. "I consider Frank's fortune made, air," said John Derwent, gratefully; "and I have a you to thank for it. my lord-no one else." Then Lord Carsdale had to listen to the story of Bose's engagement to the young a curate; and, looking at the girl's sweet face, he did not wonder at her marrying well.: Then Hettie looked upat him with one of her frank, strange smiles. "I am not one of the genteel member . of the family," she said, "and I am not pro- a vided for, but I tall you one thing, Lord Care dale, I would not marry a lord, as poor Allie has done, without he loved me better than you loved her." "You are right, Hettieo I do not excuse myself, but I will atone in the future for the errors of the past." Ie would not alarm them by telling them that he had so completely leot all trace of Ailie; he lot them believe there had boon some mistake about their travelling, He found from his inquiries that none of them had any idea of Ailie's whereabouts. He went away as soon as he could, having but the one idea of finding her. The surprise, the wonder, the bewilderment that fell upon that little household I Ailie, their beautiful Ailie, had married a lordl Mrs. Derwent rocked iereelf pathetically to and fro, wiping the great tears from her eyes. " I always said that Allie was no common kind of girl," she said, " but none would be. lieve me." I The danoiog-mseterl ooked at lia' fiddle.' " You" and I part now,' ho'anid; but you have been a true friend to me."' - The secret was imparted, uader.allpossible vows of secorecy, to the curate, who mentally congratulated himself on having made a good match. Viionsue of a good living, presented to him by his brother-in-law, Lord Caredalo, floated across his mind.. . In the meantime," Lord Caredalo himself Swas quite at a loss where :to 'look. It was wonderful how one illusion after another drew him from place to place. Sometimes'it was the story of a lady found drowned in the depths of some swift, deep river; again it was the body of. a lady washed ashore ; itI was an unknown lady killed in a, railway accident; or it was -the history of a myster. ieus death. Wherever he heard ot read I anything of the kind, he went at once; but, Ineither living nor dead, could he find any trace of Ailio. It was a railway aooident that drew his attention to Fernbay--an exoursion train had come in collision with a heavy goods train, the result of which was the death of some twenty passengers and the injury of some twentyothers. It was nobody's fault- quite an accident, the enivants of the corn. pany declared-one that no human intelli gencecouldhave forseen. Among the list of of the dcad- came a description of a lady un known; She was described an very beauti. ful, with long golden hair; and when Lord y Caredalo read it, his heart grew faint. He - lorget how many beautiful women with gotl den hair thoere arein the world, and he went g direct to Fornbay. It was not AiHe. Before he reached there the golden-haired lady had been recognized by a husband, who was driven mad-by her untimely death. Still, Lord Oarsdale resolved i upon staying there; it was a pretty place, and he had a pleasant. memory of the one happy day that he had spent with 'Ailie , there. IIb went to the same hotel where she had been so:lull of pretty, innocent wonder and-surprise. They did ndt recognize him there. Later on that eovening he walked down to the beaoh; it was acurious plaoe-quaint, old-fashioned,' and,,at times, very solitary. He walked past the pier, where the band was " diecoursing eloquent musio," down by. the cliffs, and tood .there looking,at an old, ruined jettythat ran out intothe sea. It was a quiet, desolate place; there wee no aond "o:o marie, no gay promrnadere,1non dhildroen at play. .There loy thId blue eta ; the white clifs sloped down to it, and from the shingle the black, ruined jetty ran out far end wide into the sea. - Suhob a quaint, soli tory scene hod not met his eyesr for yeare. tEe stood watching it, wondering how thht old jetty would look under a darkheing -sk y, will great, dark waves leaping Over it; and as he so stood, there aonm to him an old ooast-guard, who touched his cap and began to talk. - - - That joetty, he said, had b&n; for years and years out of repair; it was never used now. In times long past, queens and kinge had landed on it; but now it weeas given up to a ghost, (l- C o wfirtlveo id,) 