FOUL BROOD. Mr. W. Mnth-RasmnBsen writes the fol lowing letter in a late number of the Pacific BuralPress Fonl brood is the most dreaded disease to which bees are subject. It attacks the young larva while it is yet growing, and before it has began to spin its cocoon. The bees do not always seal the shell, bat when they do, the capping will be of a dfrkfr colour than that of the adjoining oeile con taining healthy brood ; will be more or less depressed, and frequently has an irregular pin-bole in the centre. ,The diseased brood turns into a brown, coffee-coloured, ropy matter, so sticky and tenacious that, on inserting a pin or little stick into the cell, it can be drawn out in a long string. It also emits an indescribable, sickening smell, which generally is tbe first indication of the presence of foul brood in the hive, tod when the disease is well advanced " be detected some distance away, through the bees fan ning the foul air out at the entrance. On account of its stickiness, and perhaps from a natural aversion to contact with the disease, it is impossible for the bees to remove the foul-broody matter from the cells. These cells are therefore never used agkin, am j the consequence is, that as the spreads in the hive, the available breeding space is rapidly contracted, the queen, for the want of room, is unable to keep up the numerical strength of the colony, and, as a general thing, some stronger colony attacks them, robs them of their honey, carries the germs of the disease to their own hive, where it finds fresh material to work upon, and leaves the moth-worms to finish the wreck. With out the knowledge or attention of the owner the disease, being very contagious, will thus gradually spread through tbe whole apiary and further ; absconding swarms or robber bees from other places carrying the germs with them and spreading them broad cast over the country. I have observed that while considerable healthy worker and drone brood may be hatched in a diseased hive, and while the 1 proportion of diseased drone larva is much smaller than that of diseased worker brood, a foul-broody colony can never raise a queen. The queen larva invariably dies in the cell. the cause of foul brood was for many years a puzzle to bee-keepers, some even at the present day attributing it to chilled brood. But chilled brood need never be mistaken for foul brood. Although it emits an unpleasant odour, as any decom posing animal, or vegetable matter will do, it is readily removed from the cells, and if a comb of chilled brood is placed in the centre of a strong healthy colony the bees will speedily clean it and use it without any further trouble. The cause was finally attri buted to a fungus, and this opinion has been adopted by nearly all the best bee-keepers, although some have advanced different other theories and guesses in ibis regard. A writer in the Californian Apiadturist a few years ago said that bees gathered foul brood from certain flowers, but did not point out which flowers were guilty of producing and disseminating the disease, i wrote a refutation of this idea to the Apiadturist, but as that paper sud denly gave up the ghost, my article was never published. In 1874 I worked in an apiary of 360 colonies, handling every comb repeatedly, and, as I was previously well ac quainted with the disease, I am certain there was no foul brood in this apiary at the time. Within a radius of three miles there were hundreds of colonies belonging to other apiaries, more or less affected. As all these bees must necessarily have crossed each other in their flight, worked upon the B&xne; plants, and perhaps frequently disputed the first right to the nectar in some particular flower, how was it possible that the bees with which I was workiog should remain healthy, while their neighbours had the disease, if ; foul brood originated iu the flowers? Mr. C. F. Muth, of Cincinnati, 0., than whom no American bee- keeper has done more for the eradication of this dread malady, cured his bees again and again only to find the disease breaking out anew, and never suspected the true cause, nntil by an accident he found a small, foul-broody apiary which had entirely succumbed to the disease in another part of the city, and from which his bees by robbing carried fresh germs every spring. He bought the depopulated hives, destroyed or disin fected them, and has not since, I believe, been troubled by foul brood among his bees. the cure. Different cures have been suggested and tried. The quickest, safest, and most radical, is no doubt the total destruction by fire of the hive, its contents, stand, and any thing that has been in contact with it But where there is hope of acure.beiteverso slow and tedious, one is loth to destroy. My late lamented friend, 3. P. Brack, of Los Angeles, through his translations from a German bee- paper, gave to the American bee keepers a cure, discovered by a German scientist. The remedy was salicylic acid. Mr. 0. F. Math improved it by adding borax. The applica tion was, however, so slow, laborious, and dangerous, in a crowded apiary, that but few succeeded with it Other bee-keepers re commended the starvation plan, which con sists in removing the bees to mi empty hive or box, in which they were confined for forty -eight hours without any food except the honey they carried with them. They were given plenty of ventilation and supplied literally with a solution of salicylic acid and borax to drink. The frames and comb of the old hive were burned, the hive itself boiled in lye, and the bees finally returned to it or placed in a clean hive, supplied with a comb of healthy brood and one of honey, the remaining space bring filled with frames of comb-foundation. Whether this method is a snccesB or not I am not at present pre pared to say. There is still some diversity in opinions about it. f. cheshire's discovery. But now comes Mr. Frank Cheshire of London, Kngland, in the British Bee-Journal, with new and interesting facts and a new cure, which he claims to be positive and less troublesome than any other previous method. His article, which is copied into tbe American Bee-Journal of October 8, 1SS4, is altogether too lengthy for this paper, and while I shall here mention a few of the most important items, I will advise anybody interested in tbe subject to procure that number of the Bee-Journal and peruse it carefully. Mr. Cheshire claims to have found, by the aid of the microscope, that foul brood is caused by a bacillus (a rudimentary vegetable), which he calls badtttis alvei , the bacilluB of the hive in contradistinction to other bacilli. He fonud that imago, perfect, bees were affected with the disease, and examined a number of such, whose inside was more or less — some totally eaten away by bacilli. This is entirely new, as all former writers have held that only the larva was subject to the disease. Although he has not found any bacilli on their spores in honey from fool-broody hives, and has been unable to propagate them in honey, he advises not to use each honey as bee-feed, until it has been medicated, but Bays that from a sanitary point of yicw there is no reason for discarding it as human food, aB the bacilli, even if present in tne honey, would have no influence on the human system. According to his opinion the bacilli are carried from place to place by the feet and antennae of the bees. They can therefore be deposited in the flowers on which the bees work, and may be carried away by healthy bees, subsequently working on the same flowers. As tbe bacilli are so small that a " quadruple string of them, extending from Loudon to New York could be formed out of one cubic inch of material," it is easy to see that even a slight break of air or the fanning of the bees in a diseased hive may drive the germs out, floating in tbe atmo sphere, to take hold and multiply as soon as they come in contact with congenial material. Mr. Cheshire's remedy is phenol , mixed with honey in the proportion of one to 500. The bees are compelled to eat it and feed it to the brood. - It destroys the disease, invigo rates the bee's, and soon changes a weak, spiritless, sickly colony into a vigorous and healthy one. Carbolic arid is phenol, with the addition of creosote and cresols. This will kill the bees. The odour is very obnox ious to them, and theywillnottonch anything mixed with it. Only pure phenol should be used, and in the proportions given. It is also important that tbe colony a good laying queen. Here is another fact, widely different from the theories of former writers, who reasoned that by removing the queen, the disease would run its course aud finally dis appear for want of material to feed upon. Boiling or scalding the hive Mr. Cheshire says is useless, as it does not destroy the bacilli. The hive should be washed with phenvlated or carbolized co&p.; The same is to be applied to all cools and apparatus used in tbe operation. 