LAY SERMONS.—No. VIII. CHRISTIANITY VERSUS WAR. " And they did not receive Him because His face was as though He were going to Jerusalem. And when HiB, disciples, James and John, saw thiB they Bead, Lord wilt thou that we bid fire to come dowu from heaven aud consume them ? But He turned and rebukedtthem."—Luke 9 c., N.V. " Love your enemies—that ye may be eons of your Father *yhich ie in heaven."—Matt. 5 c. JeBus answered, "My kingdom is not of this world, if My kingdom were of this world then would My servants flght. "The kingdom of God is within you."—L\ike 17 c. TUB Samaritans insulted Jesus—James and John were indignant, and would, if they had possessed the power, have revenged the insult. . We have here the genuine war spirit. Fire from heaven or the strong Brm of human force, either would have answered their purpose. Human nature is the same now as then. An insult offered to a ruler or a nation must be avenged, any attempted infringement of rigbtB (real or supposed) must be resisted by force. Is this spirit Christian ? James and John were rebuked by their Master. Their spirit was not His, therefore, their methods were not His, they needed the spirit of love—love " your enemies "—" that ye may be sons of your Father which is in heaven." Such teaching they could not grasp. They had as yet but little knowledge of Christ's spirit, and to them the kingdom of God was an external kingdom to be established by force, the establishing power might be human or divine, or both, but it wonld be force still. A kingdom of God in the human soul they could not understand. But afterwards, when the bodily presence of Jpsus was no longer with them, and when all their hopes of an earthly kingdom had faded away, and. when their revered Master lived as a tender remembrance in their thoughts, and His words of wisdom had become words of power to them ; they understood and felt that which was incomprehensible before. And now, if a human soul is brought into genuine sympathy with the spirit and teaching of Jesus, and thus into the kingdom of God and union with the Father, the temper and disposition are changed, in malice he becomes a child bat in understanding a man, the kingdom of God is established within him, that kingdom which the apostle declares to be righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. The kingdom of God is righteousness — not man's idea of right, but God's. If it be ever right for a Christian to fight he can fight only in a righteous cause. How then can he follow the calling of a soldier? He is a citizen of God's kingdom, bound by its laws of right. To the laws of man he is obedient so far as they are in harmony with the higher laws, but no further. If he enlists in the military service of his country he barters away his Christian freedom—he engages to fight the battles of his country whether the cause be just or unjust. How many wars are altogether just? Was the late Egyptian war a just one? Was the storming of Alexandria justifiable ? John Bright, all honour to him for the act, resigned his position in the Ministry because he considered that act unjustifiable. We believe that Gladstone's vacillating conduct throughout the Egyptian campaign has been caused by a schism between conscience and the apparent exigencies of the case. From first to last England's interference in Egypt has been unfortunate for both parries, and we are afraid that we have lost caste sadly. Before the war commenced the Egyptians looked upon the English as their best friends, but now they regard them with the bitterest animosity, an animosity which may live and burn for centuries. We have all read of a brilliant victory gained by our troops in Egypt, but by what moans was tbat victory won? There was a long Bilent night march through the desert unimpeded by the usual Arab scouting parties, and in the grey of the morning, ere the mass of the enemy had awakened from their sleep, the encampment was stormed, and though unwarned and unprepared a vigorous resistance was made to our troops ; but as might be expected, such a formidable and Budden attack could not be successfully resisted, and there was a terrible slaughter of the foe. If we had been the defenders under similar circumstances would our troops have been able to boast of a victory ? How was it that the encampment was thus surprised? English gold did it. The scouting parties were bribed to be conveniently out of the way. "All is fair in love and war." The rule of expediency, not of right, is the soldier's guide. But the kingdom of heaven is righteousness, not expediency. The Duke of Wellington said that "person? who have nice scruples about religion have no business in the army." Must we not accept the Duke as an authority, and conclude that the profession of a Christian and the calling of a soldier cannot be harmonised? "My kingdom is not of this world : if My kingdom were, then would my servants fight. And the Kingdom of God is peace, that "peace which passeth all understanding." Peace and war are opposite. How can there be peace within, when without there is the tumult of war; the war of the cannon, the shouts of the combatants, the groans of the wounded and the dying? Can the peace of the Kingdom oi God be found on the battle-field? And the Kingdom of God is joy. What joy can there be amidst the carnage of war and its attendant horrors, homes desolated, women outraged, towns pillaged and burnt ? The cries of the injured, the tears of the widows and the fatherless, and the lament of grey- haired parents for the loss of their well-beloved eons—what is there of gladness of joy in all this ? Men boast of glorious victories, and in so doing they are often glorying in their shame. It would be well for the rulers of this world and all those who delight in war to remember that though they may be heedless of these evils, there is One who notes tbem all, even the king of kings, who will require from every one of His subjects, whatever his rank may be, an account of the deeds done in the body. Isaiah prophesied of a time when nations shall learn war no more. We are either hastening or retarding the coming of that time. We retard it by learning or encouraging others to learn the art of war, and so long as this is done, and that art is considered an honourable one. Will men substitute physical, brute force, we may say, for mental and moral force ? Darwin Bays that man has been developed from an animal. Is this be true, man fights because the animal in him has not as yet been subjected to the spiritual. We hasten the day of universal peace when we subject the lower to the higher, the animal to the spiritual, the human to the Divine. " Come ye," says the prophet, " and let us walk in the light of the Lord." Why ? That the coming of the glorious time of which he had been speaking might be hastened. We have more light than the men of that day had, then our responsibility is greater. May the Kingdom of God be formed within us, that kingdom " which is righteousness, peace and joy, in the Holy Ghost," that we may all help on the coming of that good time when " men shall beat their swords into ploughshares, and their sprars info pruning-hooks, when nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more." JOHN. 