A Poor Old Ghost. '? '?vsr one more and then rill turn in,' famed Timotliy Ifibbs, solo proprietor and roanagCT of Nibble unrirallod Spectral Operatic and Dramatic Combination, as he tquinted ruefully at the eaapty glass at his elbow. ' With smb. 0 ghost-stirring night outside; and such glorisus whisky ivitbin reach, 6obriety becomes sacrilege. Scs, hir, sacrilegt:, and hang me if ?m going- to risk my iwul to please anybody.' It might ha-*e been the heat of {lie fire, or possibly the wermth of his feeling* but us he leant* bock in his chair and toaste& his feet on ths fender of the ccfiee-room of the Blue Eagle Hotel, little Grimlington, Timothy certainly did not present the appear ance of one who -vras in any peril of being rushed to perdition- for the enormity of flight ing what, to do Wm justice; he consistently honoured as one c* the choiost gih*of pro videnoe. The fact is. Tim wae-verr red in ihe face and rathe J' -watery aVsut tie- eyes, when he gave his imaginary auditor — for there was no one ti the ro^m but him stH — the benefit of tne above valuable re flection, and his gait -was anything- but geo metrically straight, as ie shuffled to ? the ctJaer side oi the room for tis-eighth tiaie in isizty minutes to summon the apntleman -»hose duty it was1 to produce fresh supplied of steaming nectar at nis bidding. Be pulled the repe vigorously enough, but semehon- no tannd re» Bulted, aod he was just abiut to give r.fanotfoer, and, tiie-time, a more splenatk tug, -vrhen the first scamm stroke of nidnight from, the venerable ahurch tower, a few hundred ^ords up the street! fell on Ma ears. ' Twelve o'clock; by jove '.'—. Hullo, how did you com» in '' The last, ? and interrogative* portion i-S ' the sentence Tree addressed to an. eitraorcSnary looking creature who was eoni/onably ccFkd ? up in the spacious arm-chaiv. Tim had just vacated. Cfi hearing itself addressed, the o'Jrject looked up and lien Tsu, with ell hi*experi2coe of ghosts sud. coblin&T; began t^ fed his Cesh' creep. The sne had, ior some rjnsoa or other, ruiaed to a - very blue tinge. There Tvas a decidedly d?mp and earthy sn-.oll about ihe rcom ; and 10- make matters Tv-rrse-. the fir», . wiiieh, a few* seconds- before, wa» burninsf briehtly, had become a few si«kly looking ! cinders, and t-3emeito be- making up- Us mind ;to gs- out altoiether. Tfeere was no- mistako :at»nt the singular cccupnnt of the chair being ?a- ghost, but of 'what kind it was leiti to' itself to .reveal. It wasa litde ehuto)- old man in ap :pearance, its clotied -were- Tery olt-iaaiuoned and tireadbare, as if they -were made- about j three hundred years- ago, and hod1 been in ; oonstimt wear ever sicce, and Tim nc-.ioe'I with 'horror, after a Sswseaonds* steady gzze-itt the apparition, that he-ooald see- the batk c4 the ahair a» plain as- possible thrtcgh its aitsnasated bedy, and leaa,' shirivelled-up, ca-Jaserous features. ' Ton need not ba-afraid of me,' the -speatre arawlei out iu e. sepuiohral voice, wiSoh he seemed to feteh scraewhene out of the -»elt» of hisdilapidated buahled-shoes, 'it's me that has caose te- fear.' '?Who are you f Tinv gasped, still shiverrng iritii- fright, but soaccwSat; reassured by the evident disposition of his -'.'isitor to be soaiaWe. ' Do— dc-you want 3*— a — ^berth in my show? 1 BJ8 web sorry tha ?Eoment after he pat that iqntstion, for the phantom jumped oif thc-ehair and', ini * tone of voice much more animated than, might have 'reea expected from hiapre fvioee. utterance said,. ' Don't stand &ere; trembling, and putdag. sly questions, tut ait down, and try and te-ratjenaTfdr once in yoor 'life ti: least.' I 'Tliaaks, verymuahj.' jerfeedout theownerof 2-ibbsJ'&unparaOeled.comfcina4ion.; 'I ft2t..«Jl iright here & you er — er — ' j 'That will 'do,' grcwled fee- other. 'I oarae io talk to you, not to listen to your senseless chatter- When does-jyjur nhow open?' 'To tuorriHT,' said Tim. 'Well, that's bo^ing i'day,f said his visitor. '-Thtsame as whenyou roame liere last Christmas. 'Well. I want yon ,Zo givB- ine a job. I'm. played out up aithe ?churchyard there. Tie old legitimate ghost ? buauess- is going to rack and ruin. Why',: the ! time was- when people daren't go irithin a mile ?oi the churchyard, ba; now lovers nehially. ;have the cheek to eit. till afser ten, quite near ' the very spot where 1 wa» murdered by nxy profligate heir, and oa. the stone of the 'Aery vault~iv!iere, after 1- had been unburied and contracted a rheuinacam, whieh I shall never g»t rid of in all ny ghossly hie, they TFtre good enough to bury ime.1' : ''Well, you see,' ventured Tim, grovsin^ J bolder as professdcnal- raaoters began to- be ? touched upon, ' your business is certainly no go : now. Grown up folks- don't care two straws : for- the- clanking chains; bloody winding sbaers, 1 g:- Hoping about the country on fleshless horses and. tWwing your heads-in people's faces^ and ail-that nonsensical- paraphernalia of ghostly ivisitation. Besidea,-you. choose such ungodly jhoura and unsavcury plextes for your aipoar ;ances. AVho would: think now-a-days oS ait iting up till pa-t ncidnight, aud running t-.3.riik !of catching one's death. Ijr waiting about; ixu& damp church-yard, -.or in a. mouldering tuaible jdown house, or by the side of some wretched Jlittle pond, for the sake- of catching a gjmpee of*perhaps some broken-hearted, hopelessly/ in 'teresting specimen- of ghijotry anatomy like 'yourself, for instance^, especially -vrhen.atjcny jshow by paying -6A. (3i back seats), thay can see every description, oi ghostly horror in a .comfortable, -weUUighted room, and gs* home iin. time for snpper ??? ; 'You are very coiajilinientary.' the spectre 'sneered, -when. Tim. had. finished, 'but you iforget one thing.. From, oil! can see, nothing ? seems to go dcira so .-well as realism just now, aud if I real horses,, real earthquakes, real \ niggers, and raal. Slakes dTaw on the- siage, I why not a real ghosts Fancy, what ennttrac '?? taoo it would be, -if . you. could commence ' The ; trhost of Hamlet's iather, by a real ghost from the parish churehyand..' or ';' After t-ne- saecu ticn of King_£harleth his majesty wHlxe-appear is spirit, and hand his head round'Jov- the in spection of the. audience ?' ' ' That might ido,' growled Tim,,detsrmined to be revenged. fOE- the fright he had. reeeived. 1 That might, answar very well, if you. were not bo precio-is. ,ugly.. The only thiog.yso conic' . personate well. -would be a nightnara. Besides, you don't show yoiaself till lifter, »idnight; andpopiilftr.jptsipSice is in favour, cf going tt- bed ins'jead of. to a show at thftt hoar. All night sittings may be all very, -well at tie House of.; Commons, but they, wanld not »o down eX & ghost show.' 'That's .*eiy true,' the specbe groarjsd., 'I'm isicui4 our game is uy-,, and that's the reason. I, camo to you. It's vs«y hard £er a ghosi.of.my aee and' standui^io. have to ciome, to a pitiful little catch-penny 3howmar.,like you, but beggars inustn'tt^be- choosers.. I tupposa eyerytbing that'e-..pkjure£qu8 and.. versrable ha« to give way.- to the ma^jhhof progress.' ' Hold bund,* interrupted iSoifcs, ' you. don',t:. cell yourself picturesque,.. I should think. T?hy, oay.our own ihowiag, you are oriy gooi to frightaii ciildron, anitiend old m]M3 iiito . hysterics. Polks of the ;gcesent day are. wiser ihiiu their ancestors, and instead oih seeking, their gohHas in the country lanes anc3 iuonitd. houses,. manufacture tfcoai. as they vraoit tia«n, land either laugh at them on tho stage, 01 iwork. themselves sufficiently to feel fjist. a Httle horror,- over them wund a pleusont fivfc a.t 'Ghtsunns time.' ? ' I suppose you ma. right,' sighed.; th&, now prsfo badly dejectedphajitom, glancing usiuisily at the clock and growisg maurilu. ' But is iChriiitisas better kopt now, or nu-re coiujlicive to.peaccand goodswill). than in tho ol-l tiraes, when, the reverence -which men ^jaidjto visitants fan from the unloiptna world waa.eviddnce. of a respeot and affection for sometiing laoro than the hard matter- of fact experiences, oi overy ; day life 'r' I 'That's all. very tvcII,' rcjpinei tshe prosaic : showman, ' jseople- who ajo played out all apeak of ' tic good old tin?£8.' laappoEeyou -would like vs. to go back tcths tiso when folks, were hung ior sheep stealing,, aiul when there were no sajiitaiy laws, (nrriagfr xo&ds; wor€b- calling gusJs, tcJegraphs « — but shut's tho use of arguioj -with a ghost. What I adviao yoa in to wjfcto to the Psyoiicul Sooiuty, and 'usk them ii they have a haunted house to let.' ' Aol if they havo not I-* ' 'Try and get a job in an arti»t'H ktudlo. Ton would be no ubq to mo. You woul'l not Wable to do anything that would oara your sulphur— of -whicU I should think you carry a good deal about with you, judging from tho utmotsphere of this room. Theru'u only one thing for you to do.' 'What's thati1' was the ghostly query, tho uttercr of which had during tho last fow nitrates been getting dimmer and dimmer. Why, join a Burial Society and get yon *? cell, respectably interred- Take my word, ?'. that s all you are good for.' r\ ' I think I'll take your advice,' the wretched '£ spectre replied in a rather more cheerful tone .- than he had used before, and without taking \ the trouble to Bay good bye, disappeared, inst as the dock struck 1 ; and Tim jumped from . .' the chajr in which he had been sitting- all the '1 t'me, and found that in Mb nap he had Imocked ,_ '«- the empty glass over »nd let the fire out/ ''-??* 