caulf1eld probabilities. 'Br Asmodeus. Rapid and gigantic has been tho progress of tho Victoria Amateur Turf Club, and provided tho elements aro propitious this afternoon, tlio present flourishing condition of affairs on tho popnlar and fashionable Heath will be unfolded to tho fullest advantago. Each succeeding Spring festival tells of tho growing prosperity of Caulfield, and so long as tho present esocu- tivo continues to enrich their stakes nnd cator liberally alike for tho waut3 of owners nnd tho enjoyment of the public, so long will tho swell ing tide of patronage continue to flow through tho Heath gates. Tho enterprising policy which has characterised tbo Bond regime is perhaps more plainly developed in the Caulfield Cup than in any othor item embraced in the annual programme, and now that the popu larity of tho big handicap event has becomo thoroughly established it would bo well to increase tho value of the Great Foal Stakes and Guineas, a oonplo of contests whose clas sical associations will contribute materially to the permanent success of the Spring reunion. The renewal of acquaintanceship with the charming headquarters of tho V.A.T.C. this afternoon promises to he of a thoroughly agree able okaracter, tho assiduous Bond having left no pobkle unturned in order to facilitate the oomfort and convenience of his numerous patrons. It will only require a beam of sun shine to light up the course in ail its verdant glory. Tho extra stand accommodation both in thoinnorandouteriC3orve will he duly appre ciated, whilo tho improvement effected in tho lawn will likewise receive favorable recognition. Several other alterations and additions of minor imjportance will arrest Attention, notably anew scratching contrivance invented by Mr. Bond, which will bo placed on trial for tho first lime. Although the straight has been widened to the extent of several feet, and is covered with a rich coating of grass, tho ground is thought to be too new to risk galloping on ; consequently tho running will, for the last time, bo confined to the old turf, which is now in capital order, and should bo productive of somo new departures in the record smashing lino. Without any further preamble I will at onco procood to a discussion of the events set down far decision this afternoon. Tho initial item tobo doalt with is tho Maiden Plato, for .which thero promises to bo a large field. The distance," ono milo, should be so well within tho reach of tho intending competitors that a number of horses will he spiritedly sup ported; and if Girofia, 6t. Odillo.and Jocular ore-included in the number, I shall confidently expect to see tho winner crop up from amongst thorn. Remembering that Girofla's only ap pearance in public was when she ran second to Juanna in the Hopeful Stakes at Flomington, on whioh occasion Sunny Days, Aimer, Match- look, Remus and Manchester were among those which finished bohind hor, tho performance was suflloiontly moritorious - - to attach especial interest to her future behaviour, and additional signiflcanco is centered to hor welfare from the fact that she belongs to the great St. Albans family, from whence have rooontly sprang so many winners. St.- Odillo claims tho same siro, and ia further related to Girofla, inasmuch as the former's dam, Prioress, was also out of Tho Kovico, dam of Girofla. If The Trawler hasanyprotonslcms towin tho Derby, as some people suppose him to have, ha ought to bo well able to distinguish himself in a Maidon Plate, otherwiso- his blue ribbon prospects are not worth discussing. Provided, however, tho « Hot cofTeo" party show fight with GIROFLA I ehall.be content to follow tlio lead, but shouia the filly ho intended for another day, my choice would rest betwoou St. Odillo and Jocular. The distance of tho Hurdle Race, ono milo and a half, is so well within the rango of tho majority of tho competitors that tho result is consequently more open than tho ordi nary ,run of jumping events entailing greater powers of endurance. The, best handi capped candidates to my mind aro Master Pino- top, Gasalier, Duration and Student, bo- tween whom tho issue may finally rcsolvo itself, To hnsard a einglo shot at the target I shall de clare for GASALIER. Tho succeeding event on the programme is the Great Foal Stakes, the field for wltich will bo made up from the following list of rP.OIlAIlLi: STARTERS, llorse. . Sim. Hum, Jockey. Acmo ..Chester . . IVccss JIiuil Hnlcs Anita .. Neckcissat .. La Nulne ..Hushes Clella ... Gnng Forward Jessica ..Ellis Damocles .. Gong Forward queen of Naples .. Flannlgan Defrauacr .. King of the Anglers ..Waitress .. Stonncll Dividend .. Gotten Green Frou Frou .. Power Edith .. Glorious , .. Magnana .. WHlhmison Essie.. .. St. Albans ..Starlight .. JI. O'Brien Lottie .. Lottery .. Little Ladv Walker Maddelina .. Ncckcrsg.it .. Meg Mcri-1- lecs JI'Grade Mnmryrilna Glorious .. Hope ,. Burton Manxman II. McrcaryorThc Gondolier ley .. .. Robertson Repose ..Conrad ..Serenity ..Weasel The Nun .. First King .. Pilgrimage.. Moore Uranus .. llerschcl .. Ulrica .. — . Doubtful starters. The foot of tho four previous contests for tho Great Foal Stakoo having been won by Frving- pan, St. Lawrenco, Davitl and Ringmaster, proves conclusively that it takes a youngster of no ordinary calibre to appropriate tho honors, and in viow of several tried performers who in tend to compete <5n tho present occasion, it may be taken for granted that tlio winner will hereafter prove no commoner. Tho competition will assume a strong intercolonial complexion, in consequence of tho presence of two highly qualified candidates in Acino and Maddelina, who will do battle on lichnlf of New South Wales and South Australia respectively. Each is in possession of an unbeaten certificate, and I am apprehensive that the pick of tho Vic torians will bo at a disadvantage when opposed to such tipair of undoubted flyers. Up to the pre sent the form displayed by the home division has been of a very in and out description, so much so as to leave the supremacy an open quesiiuu between Anita, The Nun and Edith, whoso separate performances would uppoar to give them an advantage over candidates like Lottie, Uranus, Manxman II,, Defrauder and Munwyrtinn. At Geolong Edith inaugu rated the two-year-old running by defeating Innuendo, Uranus, Tho Nun and others, hut she subsequently lowerod hor flag to Louise Berta at Caulfield, where Anita and The Niui were amongst thoso which finished behind the pair. At Elstcrnwick Park Anita conceded Tho Nun a stone and beat hor, and considering how easily tho last named settled her field at Flom ington last Saturday, collateral deductions are in favor of Edith and Anita, especially the former, who has clipped tho wings of Anita and tho Nun, the lost namod on two separate occa sions. It is uncertain what may come to light amongst tko30 which have yet to make their debut. Dividend, by Bolton Green from Wel lington's dam, is a eolt of great power, but backward in condition. Essie is good looking enough and sufficiently well bred to create a surprise, being by tho conquering St. Albans, from Starlight, and consequently full sister to Abnor. The South Australians have implicit faith in Maddelina, who has so far followed in Newstcad's path by winning everything before hor, and the party behind her are strong in the boliot that Ghe will continue her triumphs on Victorian territory. Partisanship on the Heath this afternoon will probably bo divided be tween Maddelina and Acme, and as the first named is decidedly the more stylish looking of tho two thoso who intend to undcrtako a minute personal inspection will perhaps feel disposed to award the South Australian filly the prcforonco. Good looking, well performod and highly recommended on ac count of her relationship to Ncwstead, there can be no denying tho great advantage on which Maddelina will confront the majority of hor oppononts to-day, but she will bo called upon to crack a hard nut in Acme, whoso ouly appearance was in the Richmond Stakes, when she defeated tho best two-year old performers of the season in New South Wales. Taking into acconnt the recognised procociousuess of juveniles hailing from tho upper side of tho Murray, and tho un- donkted ability of .somo of the candidates which succumbed to Acmo at Randwick, tho ono per formance of Mr. James White's filly is perhaps of greater merit .than tho dual victories of Maddelina, :and, basing my argument on these grounds, I claim sufficient justification to put in a plea for ACME, whose nearest attendants may do w.naeu '..om Maddelina, Tho Nun, Edith and Anita, betwocu whom there should ho au interesting strugglo for places. Following tho decision of tho 2-year-old contest will como the ovont par excellence of the afternoon, tho Guineas, the team for which will be -made up from among the appended list of - FRODADLE STARTERS, llorae. .Sire. j bnm. j Jockey. Dunlon .. Ncckcngat ..'Etta.. ..Ia. Robertson Eoglo Grange Black Eaglo .. Besslo .. IWIlliamson First Prince First King .. Senoilta ..Pago Juanna ... Gang 'Forward Ustdoe .. R. IVyman Lady Glandla The Drummer Camilla ..O'Brien Monte C'risto Chester .. Eathloen .. nulca Melodious .. Goldsbrougli.. Melody .. Blair Pnnrnn .. Argus Scandal Stella .. Tralian Remus .. Gang Forward Romula .. — Ringmaster First King .. Vflnlloy .. Monro Doubtful starters. Several months have elapsed since Monte Ohristo, Dunlop, Juanna, Remus and. Melodious, who gained prominence on separate occasions last soason, appeared in public, and, wlkk tho exception of Eaglo Grange, Ring master and Percussion, none of tho horses comprised in tho foregoing table have made their debit in tho role of thrcc- years-old. According to "tho records which appear ' in tho recently published Seghter, Monto Ohristo would seem to possess a direct lien on tho stoke ; but a winter's interval is often productive of things which turn "book" calculations topsy turyy, and, as tho Chester colt has not wintered so well as could bavo been desired, tho Guineas' prospoots aro thus more open than -would : otherwiso havo been tbo case. I opino' that, the aotual fight will rest withllonto Christor Dunlop, -Ringmaster, Juanna and Lady Claudia. Ringmaster's behavior last Saturday plainly indicates the son of First King aiidYardley to bo in fino form, and as he was considered to be superior to Dunlop when both were under tho same roof at tlio commencement of last season it is quite on the cards that ho may again ho able to assert his superiority over his former stable companion, notwithstanding tho immense im provement supposed to havo been made by tho letter. I havo nevertheless a strong ponohant for Dunlop, who is in blooming condition, and will strip ono of tho best looking horses of tho whoio fleet. They say ho caught a swallow on Tuesday morning last, when tho early watchers at Flemington observed him returning from tho tracks just as daylight broke to view. Had Monte Christo wintered as well as tho South Australian bred colt his claims would be indisputable, for last season ho simply ran over Dunlop, Lady Claudia, Melo dious and Ringmaster, conceding lumps of weight on more than one occasion. Until I soo Monto Christo fairly defeated on his merits, I shall still bclicvo in his superiority over tho animals ho so easily deserted last year, and, as I have reason to believe that ho has been gradually getting back into Iris old form, I am inclined to give him a plumper. My vote, therefore, shall bo in favor of MONTE CHRISTO, in close attendance on whom may finish Ring master, Dunlop, Lady Claudia or Jauuna, who are in possessiou of recommendatory creden tials for place appointments. There should be a fair display of amateur talont for the high sounding Australian Hunters' Cup, tho winner of which may torn up in JACK SIIEPPARD, noxt to whom I like Robert tho Devil, and tho pick of tho Dowling Forest division, probably Gippslander. Should tho last named take it into his head to go straight ho will probably outpace everything, but, after tho liberties he took with uorrigan at oauai.it. ».. . . doubtful whether any amateur could be induced to risk his neck on such an obstinate brute. Mattera will bo brought to d dnale with tho Toorak Handicap, in which event E V IE promises to be equally as good a thiug as proved her stable companion, Ringmaster, last Satur day, i.e., provided sbo meets with the same warm support' at tlio post. Muscat,' The Ghost and , Tlio Andes should finish woll up with the lenders. 