HIS DARLING BRICHT AND TRUE. 1\. Chapter VII. A FEW hours later, and seated by the 'aged Margaret's side, in the dim, rain- drenched twilight of the July evening, Nigel had heard all that the horror- struck woman had to tell respecting the awful scene of the morning. . Needless to say that the ring had been despatched to Mrs." Ke'nnedy, and by her taken to Nigel, at the barracks, as_ .sooji- as possible after that awful scream smote' upon the terrified servant's ears. But where was the hapless Gillian now ? In anguish too deep forwords, Nigel: sat listening to the few brief details which. Margaret' and the other servants were able to give him. The house-maid told ; how she had taken in Sir , Malise's dinner at the usual time, and that her master, seated by his table; was poring .over 'his papers as if nothing had happened. ' But whhrewas Gillian r? Again and agaiH' they, asked themselves this question with the same unsatisfactory result. : . "There js pothing which,we can do but to. watch1 thehbuse/'-shid Nigel/5 at- length/ risine from his seat; " I can easily obtain leave, aijd if /Miss .Lancaster is - io. hotise I feel certain that she 'wili"cbhtriv£ to make her presence known to us." ; f And iwith this sorry, scrap of jcomfp.rjt, Margaret was obliged Tor the presehf to remain satisfied. " \ , While Nigel, having easily' obtained a few day's leave of . Absence' from his com manding officer, kept ceaseless watch and ward, taking up his station under cover of the dense shelter of the trees in different parts bf the forest;1 from whencevhe- could obtain; yiews.qf! the gloomy , old .njansion where tie" believed "his darling; tb 1 be im prisoned. , j. / ; Margaret, op hpr A:part was ,;hot idle. Notwithstanding tier advanced' age ami increasing infirmities, she passed a con siderable portion bf the night in prowling through the" ancient building, gliding down echoing corridors long ago given up to dust 'and 'spiders, creeping, ghost like, along' the great galleries, opening creaking doors,' and peering anxiously into dim,; disused cupboards. ! ' t" One . night, .while . persuing , her lonely investigations, she. chinced to enter the gallery upon ' which opened the apart-: ments to the hapless Lady .Lancaster — long closed- and barred against the, possi bility of an intruding! footstep /crossing: their. .threshold. How weird the scene1 ajSpiw itoTitie-'" 'faithful old /erySritl' ' as she walked, along itJie corridor, dimly lighted liy the beams. pf the moon, which, partially -obscured by wild; 1 hurrying clouds, gleamed fitfully through the narrow lancet windows, through whose broken panes the night wind sighed mournfully ! Bet surely another sound mingled with the wind's ?ad, low murmur. Was it, an owJ — a night bird of ill- omen from which proceeded that stifled cry ? Surely it came from the apartments of hepdead . mistress. Margaret .was, brave, but .qyen 'her brave heart almost >ceased to. beat as she raised the candle high above her head and sur- veyed - the gloomy corridor by its dim rays. In another moment, with a whirr and a rush, her light was extinguished by the flapping wings of a huge bat which had entered through one of the broken pdndows. r ! As she stood in the semi-obscjurity of the passage, close to the fast-barred door of her: mistress's dressing-room, that Faint, suppressed sound, as of dreary sob bing, fell again upon her ear. In an ex tremity of horror she called aloud — ; " My lady, my lady !" j And to her surprise a faint voice, pro ceeding from some distance pronounced tier name. A wild and pallid look crossed the old woman's countenance. It is Miss Gillian !" she muttered in horrified; accepts? to,- herself!; /(-The wretch has locked her in her poor mother's f-ooms'!"1, V : ; Not daring to call again to the . un fortunate captive, not knowing how near her dreaded master might be, she turned and slowly retraced her steps. " The corporal wilL know what to do," she murmured to herself. " I cannot re lease my darling.'? - I For she remembered as vividly as if the events connected with Lady Lancaster's death had occurred but yesterday how Sir Malise had had- ponderous bolts and bars and heavy locks affixed to the doors of his dead wife's rooms, which were left exactly in the same state as on the night she died, and how he himself carried - the keys into his own room ; also that all the Windows' of the bedchamber, dressing- room, and boudoir were secured by iron bars, which had been placed there on the occasion of his first quarrel with the un fortunate lady— a quarrel so fierce, so dreadful, that even now Margaret could not recall its details without a shudder. Chapter VIII. Nigel's preparations were soon com pleted. A week.s leave of absence was obtained from the commanding officer, and then Nigel, taking into his confidence two of his chosen comrades, asked their assistance, in the task which , he had set himself of delivering the young lady. " She has plenty of friends under whose care she can pla'ce herself once she is set free," declared Nigel. " All that is wanted is pluck and resolution." Need less to say the brave fellows were ready enough to promise their assistance. " You can easily get a pass, you fellows, for to morrow night. That piece at the theatre that's under the patronage of the officers will be a capital excuse. We shan't want to start from here before eight o'clock. I've hired a trap and a good horse fromthe ' iThree Cups.' If all goes well you can get back to the barracks be fore twelve." And with a few more last words re specting the time and place of meeting the friends separated. The dim twilight was fast deepening into night when Nigel drove swiftly down a narrow lane walled in by thickest trees, a scene of deepest gloom and solitude. Far 'off behind the trees the few faint lights of 'tti'eTfny village were being extinguished one after another as the inmates of those lowly peasant homes sought their well- earned repose. Not a sound was to be heard save the deep murmur of the river and the far-off hoarse bay of a dog from some of the outlying farms. At length the lonely boathouse was reached, and Nigel jumped hastily to the ground, "and, leaving the trap in the care of one of the soldiers,, he led the way cautiously through the untrodden paths of the park breast-high in fading branches and tangled blackberry bushes, till the open space in front of Lady Lancaster's apartments -was safely reached. The wild, rank grass waved mournfully ih the. deserted, rose garden beneath the closed liiart Tsb-tiarred windows of , the sbmbSrctidtiiioers' Of the dead. A gloomy belt of cypresses/cut into fantastic shapes, hedged in ttie quaint, old-world garden .where the rOses had bloomed and faded unseen, for nearly eighteen yeafs, and vvhere the wild rabbits had made their lair. . .'/ ' , Little fear was there , of interruption:: the 'oid-groom and his helper slept over the empty stables more that a quarter of a mile away, and S.ir Malise's, apartments were in. another part of the huge building. Nigel had managed to secrete a ladder in a crazy-looking, tumbledown Grecian temple which stood in one corner of the desolate garden, and in . a few minutes had reared it against one of the barred windows, and, with his comrades posted at a little distance to act as sentry, he swiftly mounted the ladder and tapped lightly on the glass. . . & For some'rriomfentsThe waited anxiously, but no response came to his signal. " Could Mrgatet-haYe Received herself?" he wondered, in a fever of apprehension. Again He tapped, louder this time, 'and was rewarded by hearing a soft footfall advancing to the window. It was Gillian, white, haggard, her beauty dimmed, her splendid golden tresses hanging in disfigured masses over her gown of dark serge, hq eyes hollow, terrified, despairing/ while across tier cheek, lately so pure, and blooming, was a ghastly mark, livid and swollen, cut by the! lash of tier cruel father's whip. ! ' " Gillian, my poor darling 1" exclaimed the young man in horrified accents, as she extended her. thin, deathly cold hands through the bars of the window. " How awfully ill you look ! Has that fiend starved you ?" - \ : ."No, Nigel," she answered, . in low, broken tones; " there are food and wine here, but I could not eat,!' she shuddered as she spoke. "Take me away, dear Nigel ; do not leave me to die." " Listen, dear," he said, 1 speaking, calmly to the terrified girl; " I have to file these bars asunder, and Margaret bid me tell you to bring all the jewels which you, will, find in the oaken cabinet in this room ; you must also find a, shawl and a few necessaries, to take with you. See, here is a lantern ; there will be light enough for you to find everything yon want. Don't tremble so,' my darling, yon will soon be safe and far away." Nigel was as.good as his word. Before an hour had elapsed Gillian stood beside the ypuag; soldier upon the dewy turf of the neglected garden, and in less than a quarter of an hour, warmly wrapped in a costly shawl of Indian cashmere, she was seated by her lover's side, driving through the balmy air of the perfumed summer night. Safe,- free ! " Where are you going to take me, Nigel ?" asked Gillian, -as they deposited the t\yor soldiers at the entrance of the town, and he replied — ' " That depends upon you, Gillian." , ;v " Upon me, Nigel ?" "Yes."'' ' " -/ " But. I have no friends,"; replied . ttie poor girl, " and I dare riot' stay Tri -Fair- chester for fear my father should find me. Oh ! Nigel, you are my only friend, decide for me," beseechingly lifting the starry splendour of her eyes to' tier com panion's face..;, Once he had been sorely tempted, and he had resisted nobly ; but now the temptation had assumed a wholly dif ferent aspect. Nothing could save her from her father's wrath, no one protect her from his cruelty, save a husband — and she was so beautiful, so friendless ! Nigel struggled no more. Passing his arm round, her slender waist, /he mur mured low— - ' " I see but one chance of safety against your father's tyranny, dear one ; it is a poor chance, but perhap? you will con sider it the least of two evils." " Oh, Nigel, tell me !" cried the poor girl, feverishly. " Be my wife, darling ; no father could compel your , obedience then. ,Can you trust me with your happiness, dear ? I love you so devotedly, so truly, that I would gladly lay down my life to shield you from pain. I know I am utterly un worthy of you, you are high above me as the stars of heaven ; but I will be your slave, Gillian, your willing slave, if you will take me as I am, with all my faults and imperfections." " I do not want a slave, Nigel," she faltered, very low ; " I want someone who will love and care for me, for indeed I am very desolate," with a sob, " and you have been so good to me." " Do you think you could be happy with such a poor home as I can offer yot Gillian ?" said Nigel, " Remember how poor and low I am, and do not decide toe hastily." " I love you, Nigel," replied the young girl, tenderly, V and I know you - to be true and noble, a gentleman in the besl acceptation of the word, spite of this' (touching as she spoke' the coarse rec sleeve of his jacket, on which were dis played his corporal's stripes, with two " good conduct" badges), " which you ari always throwing in my face," with a littli laugh. " Then it is settled, my darling," sail Nigel, bending down upon her his darl eyes, which shone with a passionate love light; "and now I will tell you wha arrangements I have made." An hour later, and the midnight trai was rapidly conveying Mr. and Mr Kennedy, Gillian Lancaster and he lover, towards London, and before twenty four hours had elapsed they, all stood b.c fore the! altar of a dim old City churcl where a sleepy curate, in a crumpled sui plice united the lovers " till death di them part." ( To be continued.) tM' £1 Free Girrs (—The Proprietors of Wolfe's Aroma1 Schiedam Schnapps, to Induce the destruction and prevent t improper use of tne wrappers end labels, and thus further p tect the public against fraud and deception, have enclosed the wrappers, or under the labels of the quart bottles, Bince ! October, 1878, and continue to enclose In every day's packi throughout the year, THREE £1 ORDERS, which are dran upon the undersigned, and which will be cashed by them presentation. To secure these gifts, the public must be care! to ask for, and accept nothing but the genuine Udolphb Wolf 8chnapps, with our name.tra the top label. M. Moss and < Wynyard-lane, Sydney.. : . Paob Woodcock's Wind Pills.— 30 years the popular a favourite medicine for the cure of Wind on the Stoma Indigestion, Biliousness, Liver Complaints, &c;,, They i certain and mild in their Action, and are taken by old and you with equal benefit. Of aU chemists at Is. l$d., 2s. 9d, 4s. 6 family boxes, lis. Proprietor, Page D. Woodcock,. Linco England. . 