' Seneral Items. ,. . Large ..nuru ber of. . acceptances, for. the Buffalo sports. Mrs. Glynn, well-known as an hotel keeper in Bathurst, died laet night. She had been r in bad health some time, and her death was not unexpected. - ' ? The Bylong yearlings were inspected by a party of gentlemen yesterday, and' were voted a fine lot. The Millbank stable -was also visited, and the occupants of the boxes ^. there, were much admired. Sir Henry Parkes has ' been elected for Argyle, beating Mr. Qsbbrne by only 41 votes. ? ?The Government had received no news up to Monday evening 'of ''the resignation at Suakim of LieutenaavColonel Christie, r The march of our troops from .the Iberia to the camp was ' n. most' stirring sight, and General Graham's admirable address greatly stimulated the enthusiasm. : As it is stated - that General .Wolseley is about to proceed to Suakim, he. will have an early opportunity of judging of the quality of our troops. ? . General Negrier, the commander of ,lhe French troops at Langson, haabeen seriously wounded. A hostile visit from a Russian fleet, which has been a kind of bugbear for years, promises to come off this time in the event of an Anglo-Russian war. A fleet of sixteen vessels, port of which was at Capetown, has it is said been recently sighted. ,v A 'glove encounter,' the euphemism for a fight, between two men named Dunn and Powell, in the Pitt-street hippodrome, Sydney, terminated in a disgraceful scene. At last a hundred lamkii.s engaged in a hand-to-hand fight-,' An. extensive system of torpedo defence will be provided for Sydney and Newcastle in a few days. The powder nu.ga7.ine3 will be removed from Broken Bay and Middle Harbour if th» expected rupturo occurs in Europe. An encampment of southern volunteers will be formed near Wagga Wagga shortly af or tho E.ititer holidays A inotion that Joseph Symes' scandalous paper lie removed from the reading room of the School of Arts, Sydney, is to be brought before the committee of that institution. Ho has been vilifyin« the Queen. It ia expected that thu New South Wales contingent will, at first, be employed in convoy work to accustom them to military discipline. Amongst the immigrants hy the s. s. Gulf of Mexico is a w-rnan whoas husband was drowned at Manly a few days ago. She wag unaware of the occurrence till the news was communicated to her by the Immigration Agent. An emory wheel working in a blacksmithy ai South Grafton, split into fragments while it was revolving at the rata of 1,500 revolu tions a minute. The man who had boen working the wheel had just stepped out, and so escaped death. Fragments of the wheel tore through the roof of the shop, and one struck a stud three inches by two inches, snapping it like a carrot. At the hiring, in Sydney, of the single men and married couples, immigrants by the ' Gulf of Mexico,' about 60 men presented themselves. In two or three cases married couples accepted engagements at £80 per year, with board and lodging ; and single wen entered into contra'ts of £32 10a. and £35 (board and lodging included) per annum. Other men accepted employment at 35s. per week, and a few at 20s. per -week, board and lodging included. In several instance £35 pur year was offered for. farm labourers, but was refused. . . William Wher-ler, of Newcastle, was driv ing near tho Waratah Homebush railway extension, on Saturday night, when the horse took fright at the coal, collided with a po3t, turning the vehicle over, and threw the driver out, injuring him' severely. He is now in the hospital suffering from concussion of tho spine. Dr. Inglis, of Newcastle, while out riding, met with a serious accident. His horan, becoming restive in Hunter-street, dashed against another horse, when the doctor was thrown, and had his ankle dislocated. Tc The O onamblo Land Board has declined to hear agents unless they are attorneys. The arrangements for the Easter encamp ment have been perfected. as far as it ia possible to perfect them so long .before the time for the men going into quarters. The men are to go into camp on Friday morning, and to-day the regTmental staff will proceed to the Middle and South Heads respectively, with camp stores, to be in readiness for the arrival of the troops on Friday. A correspondent writes, to.the 8. M. Herald advocating a reduction of the ruilw»y fares at Easier, from all places '40 milts distant from the metropolis, bo as to give country residents an opportunity of witnessing the E later Encampment. ? A bookman Rome time ago canvassed the Picton district for the sale of a medical work. Some of the people of the neighbourhood purchased ir, and among others several of the railway employ6a about the village, These railway people disputed the claim, owing to the fact that their wives purchased without ob taining the husbands' authority. Tho point; was sustained by the J's.P. on the bench. a A scene of great excitement occurred in ihn Sydney domain 011 Saturday morning. A mad bull escaped, and rushed through the streets into the domain, where its actions caused much' alarm to the peaceful citizens who happened to be there. The men from whom it escaped soon appeared, and kept it from the crowd of some 300 people, who, attracted by the unusual sight, speedily collected. No one knew exactly what to do, One man obtained a small revolver, but could not dispatch the beast therewith. At this juncture, and when things appeared to be getting rather serious — tho enraged animal frothing at tho mouth and preparing for a ohargo — Miles, one of the messengers in the Legislative Assembly, told the bull fighters to hold the animal at bay if possible, while he sent' for one of our citizen soldiers, who quickly appeared in the person of W. Hall (a noted shot of tho 1st regiment of Volunteer Infantry), who. arrived w|thi his Henry rifle, took a steady aim,' and dropped; '(he regu!s- tion allowance, of lead- into 'the skull of the ' animal, who thoreupon gavo up the ghost, The performance was greeted 'by 'quite »n ?ration from the crowd. .^ 