r Sporting Gossip. I [BY THE VAGRANT.] Millfield Cup of 18S3 will toi many yens to ive iib mcmoiics sadly lmpuntcd ou the ot spoi trinen thioughout Austi aha, for "eil uli li i, piobably the gieatest catas tlilt e\ el oceuued on a iace*coui=e The the nccidcut li is already boen w eil told m hunns, and one can well imagine the tci uie whieh m a moment changed the giy -c of people picscnt to an assombl iga "th doom and houow To those who knew ,, re-ntleiu inly little Donald Nicholson, his , ind will bi especially saddening Al «ithout doubt the moat successlul light loeke v m Now South Wales, it is soinowli it ¿ble that he* nevei won a lace in Victom .c1 iy last bcfoio going out on Loi d Exetei, "tied to some of bib fnouds th it his ill-luck ?' jj; to take a tuin, ind a moment befoie he î'ied to his de iib he is îepoitod to have slid lackeys ^h° wole i°und lum " Wliat a soft ¡have got to-diy'" Nicholson wis nine "ricked up, and it is said he died pist as he iried past the judge's box, nias, foi the hist Donald « is 25 jen-, of agc, and was boin m ind although his patents now lcsido m Baíla- te ícceived his holley educition at the hands i Th.oiinsh°iy> IU^ .,''ul°'lst Uiik can be »aid 1 "001 fellow ib that he was an aitist m the ~> A ireiitlemiu out of it, and ovei and alw lys Vson ind biothci e roxane ha» not smiled on my predictions ilion I ccit nuly tipped Punco Impon il toi Bnnlcbbiuy Huidicap, the same hoioc or i foi the Mctiop , in which the chestnut was riddell, and the giey fell when looking like a r In the Caulfield Cup I ivont foi Punco Loid Exetei, and Despot to fill the pi ices, Ii the fnghtful accident occurred which bein out of the lace, it was the whole of to a C M Gship that one of the trio would , and it is piobable the places would have td bj them Lot us hope for bettei luck Iboiirnc Cup rli, formcily tiained by Mooie in Maitland, n'occupant of Ike Foulsham's stable at Malua foimeily occupied a box thoic icket match lecontly played at Cambudge, vied by Mi Coideaux stiuck a swallow jean thief stole a diamond ung off Teddy s finger whilst the poor fellow was lying ifte° the Caulfield accident. Nicholson's m3 also stolon men will bo glad to hear that the mpiiies nnmotion aie not ncaily so seuous as at jorted, and that Mi Dakin expects the gi cat old son of Panic and Star" to the post for the Champion }f coiusc it is veiy improbable that >ver see Commotion as good a hoioe as íen, but if the old hero is in anything like lt form it is not i oiy long odds that he w ill itlmd Ch impion Race to his lengthy list of ilfc by The Druuimei out of Modesty, which Hai ding purchased foi 100 guineas at the Tocal yeaihugs in Sydney for Queensland, i called Eneigy He should upen into a lim íneident in connection with tho late H^ touinameut at Newcastle is that every iras won by the man who occupied the i, at the left side of the audience lhere is iiplanation of this as the stage was lovel and ¡1 attention was devoted to each man tho j at the unlucky side being an Englishman .1 Stanley, who I am told is willing to bo\\. the fbnusci Jacl son Iheie is also some talk of . ¡?Bunn the wiuuei of the heavy weight cup .j matched with the well known darkey, 3 unana lately sustained a serious loss to hei 1 took by tho death of tho well known niaio «a Mary the dam of Sheet Anchoi, Anchoi and Alozart She was by Castle Hill : Black Bess and was only two years old a she wont to the stud, Sheet Anchor being first foal and he was diopped in 1878 Bri «U known Amei ican tiotteis Phallas and ^'Wilkes lately met in a match which created itinfaest Harry AVilkes won throo heats m J 10 sees 2mm 20 sees , and 2mm l8] sees, opponent landing one in 2min 21 sees llenes death ia supposed to have boon cowed the rupture of a blood vessel at the baso of the jt JW is again some talk of W G Geoige the «io-aniateui champion of England visiting Aus ¡i If he does come out he could piobably n matches with Livingstone and O Buen I it mention that Geoige was twenty seven yo us <ytbe «eel he boat Cummings in the mile lace, Id. o feet 11 inches high and weighs only Oat when in condition Cummings is also 27 k fa"c is o it O' in m height, and weighs pt 10 lbs It is lathoi stiange what light llem-rjoiit) of English athletes aie U s a cuiious ci iel etin¿ incident -A match fn ntly being played m the AVost of England F b the lost mm was m and the match a tie ?Wei dein tío I a no ball, which the batsman inn his poitnei being inn out Of comsc I io side won by the no ball f (leith is announced of Loid Strathnairn at "».oil i0c ot 82 Old spoitsmenmay lcniom j match between lus loi dship s hoi so Wow al : ni ratei and the Punco of AValos' Alep pas an Ai ab one of the best that o\ el left the j for ho won eighteen laces without once suf [.defeat in his owncountiy, ando good deal rest w is e\piessed in the contest Iho -t have slipped my meinoiy, and the distance «nie» wa= alliniavoi of the Ai ab, but still J beat him easily thus demonstrating tho nty of the English thoioughbred ¿vpersons aie undoi the impiession that the . Id Cup on Satin day last saw the biggest flat ever faced a staiter That is not so 'The Ghost won the Ladies' Tiophy on the «Mae theie woie foity two ninners whilst ihmlay there was one less In England the r Ins been equalled and excelled on seveial fe AVheu Cioagh Patrick won the Stewards' it Goodwood m 1861, there weie forty five 's theie weie foi ty thiee m Joe Millers f Cup of 1852 and a similar number sported len Bothilde won the Cambridgeshire Stakes le I may mention, is the dam of Splendoi, the Tocal stud Sä Lightfoot and Jobling, of Wallsend, aro .ed to run 100 yards (I think) on November 10 ;' a-side. There is also some talk of Revel and ¡ running over hurdles. friends of the Narrabri Jockey Club are 'j successful in getting good entries their meetings, and those for the «Ung gathering on December 2 and 3 will be nerous as ever, judging by the list in the ijevents. Merlin is at the top of the tree in sees, and there is not the slightest doubt i the old fellow was as good as we have seen * would take a deal of beating. However, I le is on the decline, so.will look further down it (or the winner. I see nothing I like better Ellington's brother Careless, or his stable .»ion Comus, and if the pair are as good as I M they should land the double. The son of dlous has been winning pretty well all over iland, though of course the company is not .-ratio, and he may cut up different when he i the " drawing room," as I may say. Comus »a of Westminster, and won the double at ?«end Blackall, at one of those places beating Victorian mare Louise Victoria. Hereford J also run well in both races. '4 regret was expressed in Maitland on Satur TCning last when the news of the Caulfield ?.at reached here, for besides the sad death of M Nicholson the wire contained the intelli ; that Mr. Charles Brackenreg's horse Tom a had been killed. The ' son of Kelpie and 'J' Thought is deservedly a great favourite in lind, so his admirers were cpnsiderably re 1 upon afterwards learning that the horse had injured instead of killed. I learn that his we very much swollen, that he is very sore, *iU come out all right again. I should im ! though he will be an absentee from the field he Melbourne Cup. «.ember 21, the date of the-big handicap boat premises to bo quite a gala day in Morpeth, as est in the event appears to be growing con ably. Mr. C. H. HanneU, of Newcastle, con 'd to act as handicapper when asked, but when 'ate of the affair was altered he was compelled lirow up the duties as ho would be away in 'Oiune when the starts would have to be issued. °d deal of regret was expressed at this, as Mr. w11 is one of the best judges of rowing in the J) and his long connection with aquatics ren dercd the appointment an excellent one. However, I am glad to be able to report Mr. Hannell has so arranged that he will receive the entries in Melbourne, and there- handicap the men. And whilst referring to the matter, I may men- tion that nominations aro coming in satisfactorily, and that 11103t of the best mon in the colony will compoto, quarters being already engaged for some of thom. It should not be forgotten that nomina- tions close on November 2, that ¿61 will enable a person to seo his start, and that the last twelve months' performances must bo sent. Despot is a terrible unlucky horse, and Slessrs. AVhite and Fennclly must be getting pretty well full of him. Ho has fallen four times, and like Ajax appears refreshed by contact with Mother Earth. I would again remind brooders and stud masters that entries for the AVallsond Marcs' Produce Stakes to be run at the mining township in 1888, close with tho Secretary, Mr. E. Cowcher, on the 31st instant. A mooting will be held at Mr. Beattio's hotel, Gresford, to-night, for the purpose of taking stops to form an athletic club. One of the best sires which ever stood on this side of tho equator passed away last week in Musket, whoso death was occasioned by the rupture of a kidney. Musket was bred by the late Lord Glas- gow, and although ho showed so little promise as a yearling that ho narrowly escaped shooting, he ripened into one of the best horses, certainly one of the best stayers England ever saw. Among his victories were the Ascot Stakes with 8st. 12lbs. in tho saddle, this burden falling to him through the withdrawal of all the horses handicapped to give him weight. Lord Glasgow bequeathed the horse to General Peel, who leased him to the New Zealaud Stud Company. As a siro his name will live long through his sons Martini-Henry, Nordonfoldt, etc. Toxophilito, Mus- ket's sire, was blind in one eye, and was defeated in a match by the American mare, Prioress. Malone and O'Brien are to run the half-mile match in Melbourne on November 7. Archie Farrell is training the former. Mr. Janies Mayo has now in his stable four horses belonging to the Hon. John Eales, Glen Tilt and Emerald (by Ciown Prince from Chrysolite) being among them. I wish trainer and owner every luck with thom. I have not time to deal ia extenso with the coming Melbourne meeting, so will at once say that I think the Hon. Janies AVhito has a mortgage on the principal events. Acme or Maddina should win the Maribyrnong Plato. Nordenfeldt, First Chester, and Isonomy will about fill tho places for tho Derby. If Prince Imperial were all right I boliovo he would win the Melbourne Cup, but now I would rather trust Despot, Honeydew, and Trenton. 