YE OF LITTLE FAITH ! After a careful reading of the various letters in TVie Courier on the subject of faithhealing, I sm forced to confess, with much reg et, that I am not impresfcd with the idea that hospitals ere really quite useless institutions. and that the doctor's vocation is completely gone. The cures are given, no doubt, in good faith, but only In good faith, and to convince an erery-day matter-of-fact world, full of fill sorcB cf curious people, something more is needed than the mere good faith of a very few in the genuineness of the perfcct oures. Those outside the charmed circle wabt something! more—not much, but still something, They want just one well authenticated case of malady, which the doctors would pronounce as hopeless—such as that of a thoroughly blind man, or, say a person with a wry neck. One such cure would be snfficient to convince every modern Pharisee and Saddueee, and we would have every Deist and Atheist, suffering from any malady, just as eager to bs cured, and just as full r,f faith as any of the numbers whom Mr Dowie, -in a most conclusive manner, failed to cure. Let the doctors select a case, and then let the laith- healer come forward and cure that man cr that woman, and that one fact wili instantly convince a suffering •world, wily too eager to bslieve anything and everything. But the cases I read of are not of that definite character. In many cases they seem to me to somewhat resemble those spinal injuries received in railway collisions, cf which MrPurves makes so very light when defending the Government, and which, as a rule, seem to be wonderfully eased as soon as the amount of damages is definitely awarded. I read of a gentleman suff.-rlcg for years from internal ulcers who waa suddenly cured through faith. Of course, no one ever saw these internal ulcers, and it may be that they owed their being to as strong faith as the faith that suddenly removed them. I read of a lady who hurt her {jack years ago shifting a bag of potatoes, and who baB suffered severely ever since in various ways, but she is at length healed by faita. Now, 1, years ago, have carried hundreds of baeB of wheat, and have frequently hurted my back. Since then I have suffered from quite a variety of ailings, having been at least five fames at the point of death; and I also have bwn cured, to a very great extent, by a simple faith in the doctors, and their their treatment of my case cach time. My easels only one of many millions all over the earth. Another gentleman, a cadet in the Salvation Army, claims the faith in Jeans cured him of dipsomania and kleptomania. This I can well conceive to be true, for if a man has faith in himself, and in God, and is willing to work, he may easily conquer thfe propensity for thieving and drinking. and eo manage to keep sober and out of gaol- The case of Mrs Catherine Spark, published in a letter to Mrs Harvey in Monday's Courier, seems to me to be a case in keeping with average faith-healing cases. If I am not mistaken, I think I had the honor of acquaintance with Mrs John Sparks, and Mrs C. Sparks, at Clunes, where their circle of acquaintance was very large; and therefore her letter, if I am correct in my surmise, will necessarily have much interest. Mrs Sparks says she has been suffering from heart disease and dropsy, and has been in three hospitals during the last twelve months, receiving little if any benefit. Now, is Mrs Sparks really certain that the prostration from which she unhappily suffers, in common with myself and the majority of human beings, is really the result of heart disease and dropsy ? It is like enough, but is that her own diagnosis, or the doctors ? And is Mrs Sparks really sure that she derived no benefit in the three hospitals, and that but for the treatment there received she might not be, alive to-day to proclaim her healing through faith in Mrs Harvey, who I sincerely hope has all the healing power attributed to her, for my own sake and the sake of others. The reason Mrs Sparks came to Ballarat was tbrongh reading Dr Moffitt's letter, in which that much beloved and highly esteemed gentleman argues that, when doctors were powerless, God was using Mrs Harvey as an instrument in this good work. Mrs Sparks was prostrate at the time, but she prayed for strength to be able to come to Ballarat to see Mrs Harvey, and get her advice and prayers. Mrs Sparks came to Ballarat, and Mrs Harvey told her to read the tenth chapter of the Acts, in which it is stated that /"Qod Is no respecter ( of parsons," v, 34; and bow (rod anointed J Jesus of Nozaroth ; with the Holy .Ghost and j wi r h - power; -who went about^ doing good, and] r ..--.-• ,— ,,, , heeling Wimp all that were Oppressed tamreBsed with thoin > devil, for Gcd was with him;" v 38. Through reading this, Mrs Sparks says the light damed on her soul, and she gradually got better in a few days (much the same as myself in the Hospital under medical treatment), and now she is quite whole. I am sincerely glad to hear it, and I sincerity hope her life will be devoted to doing good for others. Bat I cinnot help asking why, when Mrs Sparks was so prostrated, was there any nr>ed for her to come to Ballarat ? Having sufficient faith in Mrs Hirvey's power, why did she not show still greater confidence in that power by trying it at a distance? Why did she not write for advice, and ask for Mrs Harvey's special prayers on her behalf? Mrs Harvey could have told her through the post to read the 10th chapter of Acts, and God, " who is not a respecter of persons," and who is Omniscient, Omeiperclpient, and Omnipreeent, could have granted Mrs Harvey's petition in East Charlton as readily as in Ballarat. Can it be that Ballarat is as the pool of Siloam—that people must come here, and only here, "to wash and ba clean?" TMB would, indeed, be limiting the power of the Omnipresent; this would, indeed, be making the Almighty a respecter of persons. Such limita! ion is not piety, it is impiety. Such impiety Is not faith, it is want of faith; and to such we may exclaim, "Oh, ye of little faith, why cannot you put full faith in G?d where you are—alone on the mountain top, or alone on the ocean? Oh, ye of little faith, why will ye limit God's healing power to curing unseen spinal injuries, to removing Internal ulcers, to strengthening weak eyes, to curing neuralgia or prostration of Bpirits? Why will ye, in your impious want of faith, confine ycur Creator's power to such narrow limits? Why practically argue that He can cure a sprained ankle, but He cannot replace an amputated leg—that he can cure ophthalmia, but He cannot put a new eye in an empty socket—that, in short, though He moves in a mysterious way His wonders to perform, yet that He, tha All Powerful, will not or cannot perform anything that He has not enabled scientific knowledge and professional skill to accomplish. 