SPOR.ING I?Y "CeTAun.e" The A..].C. meeling- which camno to a conclusion on Saturday last was ehliely remarkable for three defeats inllictcd ieo Commnution by Rieginald at 11, 2 and 3 milk. The old horse was evidently trnuled by the change in the running Irom left to right, that it was not his trui form was fully proved by David beating. himn in the tlandwick Plato and I am pre pared to seo him reverse the running when next lie meets Reginald and Co., on the Melbourne course. The weights for the Goodwood Handicap and Adelaidle Cup appeared on Wednesday, I cannot compliment the Handicapper on his work. Take the Adelaide Cup weight put oni Kingship 7st 91b as compared with others of his own ago viz .-Helene 7at 71b, The Broker 7at 71b, Acolyte 7st 31b and most of all Stornaway 7st., if Mr. Pearson dues not put the pen through Kingship's unmo at once I will be very imuch sur prised. Take the Goodwood landicap and look at the weight put on Iroinnmister 7st., the weight he won this race with last year, and because he does not always give his true running, is not a sfflicient reason I contend to literally throw him in as he has been, lIiddlemarch has been raised only 41b, on the Newmarket Handicap while Sheet Anchor has got 141b up, thus hu meets (Middleomareh on 0lbh worse terms for finishing behind him, it cannot beo on account of the distance beinig eofa oile fiu:ther seeing that Middlemnarch demonstrated his ability to go the imile in the Standish Plate on New Years Day. At present I should take to be best in the Goodwood Handicap, Middlemaoreb, Helene, The Ghost, Topaz, Ironmnaster, Country hayly adI Marie Louise and for the Cup I think the ivinner will come fromt Commotion, Sheet Anchor, Helene, Anglesey, Acolyte, Conjecture, and Stern oway. Gond entries have been received by lr. Bond for to-morrow week's meceting at Caulfield, weights rill appear on Mon day. hIr. Cox has received fair entries for to-morrow's meeting, if' the weather is fine a good day's sport may be expected. Mly selections are Carbuncle for Trial Stakes, Iimpulso or Sarprise for April Handicap, best of Glasscock's for Steeple chase, and Little King or Manfred for Vineyard Handicap. Since writing the above Mr. Cox has postponed the meeting until Tuesday next, owing to the heavy rain. 