THE ESSAYIST. MEMORY. » Remember thee? Aye, thou poor ghost 1 while memory holds a scat In this distracted globe. Bemember thecT Yea, from the table of ray memory I'll wipe away all trirfal food reoords, And tny commandment all alone shall live, Unmixed with baser matter."-SIIAKSFKASB. No word branches oat into so many varieties of classification as this little word memoir. Re-collection is its henchman, but the primary force that commands its services is the inherent will of memory. We find that we have an event or a proposition in the re cesses of our memory; by an effort of will we recall collateral facts in their order; we anange dates, and conclude oar rapid but methodical search by presenting the ultimate fact (or upshot) to oarselves, and then confi dently asserting it to others. This process occupies less time than the writing of the above, and the necessary concentration of the will upon consecutive details seems to have led a distinguished physician to regard memory as a test of sanity. The phrenolo fists recognise no special organ of memory. n their diagnoses they permit themselves to predicate a good memory where they find (1) concentrativeness, (2) order, or classifica tion, and (3) individuality, these being the stones of the structure. 1 should venture to add (4) a full development of the organ of LA.NUVA.ge ; for we often think in words, and apt expressions are most nsefui in re collection. (This, however, by the way.) When they rale that concentrativeness is the special organ of sanity, they in some measure play into the hands of Halford, the physician referred to. " Bring me to the test, And I the matter will re-word, which madness Would gambol from," is Hamlet's reply to his mother's imputation of "ecstasy." That is, " I have a definite, consecutive series of ideas, followed out by a guiding WILL." He adheres to the instruc tions of the Ghost like a lawyer to those in his brief, thus-" From me,, whose love was of that dignity," fce.-" a wretch whose natural gifts were poor compared to mine," &c.-;" prey on garbage," &c-41; But contrive not aught against thy mother. Leave her to heaven, and to those thorns that in her bosom lodge," &c.; All these thoughts, treasured in his memory, guide in their appointed order the words of Hamlet to his mother. Therefore, he feels that he cau " re-word the matter, which madness would gambol from." There is sometimes found in persons not necessarily of a high order of mind a minute perception of individual facts apparently irrespective of their importance; they re member faces whether handsome or plain, and even dress, whether hideous or becom ing. Yet even in such minds can be traced the orderly action of the will. The reader may have seen a picture of King George III. reviewing the Life Guards, painted (if I remember right) by Sir W. Chambers. On the right hand of the King is the Prince of Wales, on bis left Sir W. Fawcett standing bare-headed in the heavy rain. The Prince wears the ugly, cumbrous uniform of sky-blue, and the privates singly are passing before the King One of these privates-Skene by name-obtained his dis charge, and went into business at llams^ate as a corn chandler and contractor. Eleven years afterwards the Prince was forming the 10th Hussars, a light cavalry regiment, oi' which, arranged by the taste of the celebrated George Brummell, under the auspices of the Prince, the uniforms charmed the eyes oi all fair beholders. Skene received a very flatter ing offer to be adjutant, and was quickly superintending, in his new position, the barracks of Brighton and the stables, clad in the elegant undress uniform of an officer. At 6 a-m. an imperious voice was heard behind him - " Under-horsed, sir ; want bone, bone, ehV Skene turned, and at onca recognised the King. " Why, please your majesty, I but arrived yes terday. Overdrills and " "I know you now, I am sure. Let me see," said the King; "passed before me eleven years ago, April 14. Sir William Fawcett wet through -Boak, soak, soak. Name Skene, Thomas John Skene. Good rider, good rider. Five feet eleven. Good bridle hand. Six inches above pummelL Regiment called King's Own, own, own, own, because no one else would own them. Ha! Ha I Ho I Ho! See, see. Joke, joke. Glad you are here glad, glad, glad. Good officer. Useful man, man, man." Now, considering the difference of uniform and lapse of time, such minute ness is wondroua The King summoned all the above adjuncts to Iub aid in re-collecting details which aided and confirmed his memory. Other traditional instances of his minute observation and " lower indi viduality " are present to me, but I care not te strain the credulity, abuse the candour, or incur the censure of a sceptical and matter-of lact public. Though die sight travels faster, and impresses the sensorium more vividly than does any other sense, the memory of the eye is not always trustworthy, and in some temperaments often a complete blank. Hjw precarious the attempt to match from mere memory a ribbon or a fringe for your sweetheart or your sister t You must take the pattern _ with you if you would avoid a ludicrous failure. A decade of years blurs the memory of the face of your dearest friend. Old Ailie, in Scott's Old MortaJMy, sits and talks with Henry Morton, without recognising in the bronzed athletic , campaigner her " ain bonnie laddie," till he betrays himself by repressing the caresses of the dog, "Down, Elphin, down sir." " Ye ken our dog'a name," kc. Near 40 years had elapsed Bince my last evening with my friend, J. A. Fronde. When I visited him in Mel bourne about a year ago, he entered and sur veyed me somewhat coldly, probably deeming mean "interviewer," a class of animal of which he thought his past experience quite sufficient, and therefore was not over am bitious to increase it Not a trace of my for mer eelf lingered as a guide to the eye. But no sooner had I spoken three words than he rushed impulsively forward, grasped my hand, and pronounced my name "In the street," said he, " I should have passed you; but your voice I can distinguish in the dark among hundreds." We were soon reviving past happy hours. The memory of the ear is permanent beyond that of the eye. Your friend hath ceased to be what he was (to the eye) 30 years ago, but the tone, the " timbre," and character of the voice are never forgotten. "The voice is that of Jacob," says purblind old Isaac, " but the hands those of Esau." Would you escape detection in rail-car or boat, be resolutely silent Any attempt at disguise, however picturesque on the stage, invites, guides, and stimulates the eye of the detective. The most disguising change known to me is that of a small helmet, or billycock, on the head of one previously seen always to wear a bell topper. Who forgets the notes of the English thrush or the blackbird, the jug-jug of the nightingale, or the ophicleide-volume of joy fraught vigour poured forth from a flight of Australian magpies? The howl of the dingo, the bell-like carol of the beagle, and the three head-notes of the lion can no more be forgotten than can the moan of the oak, the soft, soothing caresses of the aspen, or the organ-swell of a south-western breeze, passing in triumph over the larch-plumed crest of some rocky mountain. Once to hear any of these is to remember them till death, though to hear and to discriminate may be the rare privilege of a few. Says immortal Shelley " The starlight smile f>l children, the sweet looks Of woman, the fair breast from which I fed, The murmur ot the unreposing brooks. Such sighta and showers In early life did nurse my spirit's folded powers." Similarly Wordsworth " She shall lend an EAR Where rivulets dance their mazy round, And beauty, born of murmuring sound, 8hall pass into her face." The sight of a landscape may live in memory, but, revisit it after a lapse of years, and it is no longer the same. Macreaay, re visiting Elstree, where he had enjoyed so many days of domestic bliss, was grievously disenchanted. All seemed so " common place and stunted." Early Bcenesof child hood dwell in the memory ; they are tied, and "then we find the virtue that posses sion did not show us." They are tinned with "orient hues unborrowed of the sunbut could they reappear in their naked reality they would hardly be recognised. "What matters it? These eyes of mine Shall never see thee more. Still, In my heart thou must appear As stately as of yore." Such is the memory imagined by Professor Ayton to pass before the mind of Bothwell in his Danish dungeon-the memory of "Fair Hermitage," his ancestral hall. Such presentments are called by the French "souvenirs," or undercomitxje. There is gene rally a secret consciousness that they are by sentiment toned down, softened, and tem pered into beauty. The highest, completest, and most durable memory is that of order and classification, or, as I crave permission fancifully to call it, the pigeon- hofe memory. "Keep Mai sepa rate, ' were words always on tiie lips of a most useful departed friend. A mere parrot memory, without perspective, may serve to amuse us in Dick Swiveller and such droll wags, but is no very valuable weapon in the struggle and hard business of life. Give me a man who knows at once where and how to look for a thing, confident of ultimate suc cess, DATES are inestimable warning-guides, savers of time, and guardians from blunder. It is prudent always to begin with a distinct perception of the date, real or alleged, of the subject-matter in question, whether it be a scientific discovery, a useful art-invention, a historical fact, a social or political principle, or a legal doctrine, &c.; liabitual ease of prompt reference to authoritative sources of information i3 an invaluable acquirement, or, perhaps, a precious and felicitous gift. Then a careful and logical analysis of the spirit and letter of the context in its entirety leads up to a clear and conclusive decision. For we should verity theories for our own sakes, and then be armed to prove them to others. Too many content themselves with " it is so because I know it to be so," or " be cause I remember someone told me," &c.; A palmary proof of the triumph oi context may be founa in the letters between Bowles and Byron about Pope. Byron maintained that in poetry artificial adjuncts and lite were everything; Bowles stood up for nature. Quoting from memory, Byron cited Milton "The broad shield Ilumr on bis shoulders like the moon, Which, through optic glass, tho Tuscan artist views." Bowles turned over the pages of Milton, and replied " Views At evening from the top of Fesole, Or from Valdarno, tD descry new lands, Rivers and mountains in her spotted globe." The parson, I submit, scored ojte against the peer. 