THE SERMON was preached by Father John Ryan, who took for his text the words of John x — ii. — ' I am the Good Shepherd ; the Good Shepherd jjlveth his life for his sheep.' He referred to tho cus tom of the Great Teacher, who souglit access to the human heart by means of familiar compari sons, and represented Himself to thorn in vari ous typos and figures — now showing His infinite goodness and mercy in tho parable of the Prodi gal Son ; now His justice in tho parable of tlie master and the slothful servant ?, again declar ing tho necessity of close and constant union with Him, in tho story of tho vino and its branches. That of tho pastor or chief shepherd took first place among tho typos by which Our Lord was represented in scripture, the vjrophets having frequently referred to Him in that figure, and He Himself having shown a marked preference for it, calling tho church His fold, His followers tho Hock, and Himself tho Good shepherd that gave His life for tho sheep. In declaring this relation, all nations and times were in His mind, ill's church was to open its gates to Jow and Gentile, Greek and barbarian ; Mis gospel was to bo belioved, His yoke was to l-o borne, and His laws were to bo accepted as the supremo rule of conduct by the then existing nations and nations yet in the womb of tho future. He would bo tho pastor of all these, as Ho was of those who in His life time Ho had gathered into His fold. To effect this He selected from His followers a chosen few, and mado thorn His ropreHentalivos, with all necessary power and authority to govern in His name tho several portions of His flock. And here to-day they had witnessed amidst all the pomp and grandeur of the ltoman ritual the conferring of this power as really as if it wore conferred by Christ Himself nineteen centuries ago on those to whom ho said in person ' Go and teach tho nations.' They and their suc cessors wore constituted pastors, and their Lord Bishop of Bathurst hero to-day had been con stituted pastor in the self same sense in which Christ was pastor ; and to reahso the full and true means of this solemn coromony thoy had but to considor what was included in tho jmstoral office of Christ. Although to us and now, in spite of difference of habit that figure of pastor j wait strikingly beautiful and tender, in Eastern , lands and in times fjono by it was much more expressive. Tho occupation of shophord was onn of emolument and responaibilty, tho office of fending the Hocks — tho chief wealth of thoso nations — boing undertaken by sons of wealthy chiefs and princes. Hence they found frequent honorable referenco to the oflico in both sacred and- profano literature. Tha great poat of antiquity, speaking of tho Grecian commandors at tho soigo of Troy, called them shepherds of tho ! pooplo, mid the term was applied in Scripture o kings, princes and peraonn in high rank. But tho occupation was by no means ono of case and plonsuro, being one of constant labour, solicitude, hardship and danger. The shephord had to riao with the aim and guide his iloak to pasturo — loading them, and not driving as was tho custom now. He had to soarch for those that strayod, to care for tho young, tho weak uud tho infirm, und to oxposo himself to dunger by day and night in protecting hia flock from Uneven and robbors and wild beasts. Turn ing from Iho tyjJu to thu reality a rapid gluucu nt the public life of our Lord would shew how iterally he had fulfilled all Hie ossential qualities of tho Good Shepherd. Unlike tho philosophers of Greece and Homo, He did not content himself with giving precepts merely, bu tHo literally leads tho way, never asking His followers to do or endure anything that Ho had not Himself dono or endured before them. In teaching obodience to divine law and those in authority, He led tho way by becoming obedient, ovon unto tha death of the cross. In exhorting them to estranga their hearts from worldly things, He gavo an oxamplo in being so poor as not to know whore to lay His head. In com manding them to forgive their onomios, He prayed for His executioners while they were putting Him to the most cruel and ignominious of death. And there was not one in the whole catalogue of heavenly virtues taught by Him that Ho did not first practice in thomo3t heroic degree. Thon Ho supplied ths pasture for His flock in the fulness of His heavenly doctrine. It was not easy for them in tho present day, sur rounded as they wore by tho offects of Christian civilization, to realize what tho teaching of Christ had done for tho world. When He be gan His mission, the nations of the world wore socially, morally and supornaturally sitting in darkness, and in the shadow of death. The apostle writing to the Romans giving a descrip tion of the degradation oE society at that time, spoke of the paoplo thus: — ' When thoy knew God they have not glorified Him as God, but became vain in their thoughts, and their foolish heart was darkened. For professing themselves to be wise, they became fools, and they changed glory of the incorruptible God into the likeness of tho image of a corruptible man, and of birds, and of four-footed boasts, and of, creeping tilings — who changed the truth of God into a lie, and worshipped and served tho creature rather than tho Creator, who is blessed for over.' From this universal darkness our Lord called the nations into His marvellous iight, teaching them tho true knowledge of God, as well as the origin and destiny of man. He also watched and guarded and cared for and tended His lloek with a tenderness and solicitude truly divine. He sought after thoso that were lost, for He came not to call the just but sinners to ropontence ; and in fact was not this one of tha constant accusations that tho Scribes and Pharisees brought against Him — tiiat He con versed and ate and drank with sinners ? And docs Ha not Himself tell us that He would leave the ninety-nine on tho mountain top and go in search of the lost one, and having found it, put it on His shouldors rejoicing ? Ho went about, says the Evangelist, doing good to all and healing all that were oppressed. Ho was over ready to console and relievo thoso in af fliction. He bound up that which was broken, and Ho strengthened that which was weak. And when ssked for a proof of His divine mission Ho had only to point to His works : — ' The blind soe, the -lame walk, tlio lepers aro cleansed, tho deaf hear, tlio dead rise again, the pour have tlio Gospel preached to them.' But it was in defence of His flock that the Lord had proved Himself tho Goad Shepherd, not only repelling the attacks of tho wolves in sheep's clothing, and unmasking the hypocrisy of tho Scribes and l'hariseos, but cheerfully laying down His life for His flock, thus giving us the greatest proof of His love — ' The Good Shepherd givoth His life for the sheep.' Nor did His care cease with this greatest proof of His love, for ho found a moans to continue, truly, literally and really, their pastor. Having onco constituted Himself Pastor He remains Pastor for over — in fact, to speak correctly Ho is the only Pastor, St. Peter calling Him tho Pastor and Bishop of our souls, and He Himself declaring that thoro is but ono fold and one shepherd. And this pastoral ollice of Christ could not be multiplied, aug mented, or lessened, boing essentially one, otcrnal and iulinito. Yet this did not mean that it could not bo communicated to subordi nate pastors, whoso duty it was to exercise their pastoral office as the representative of the ono Supremo Pastor. It was not theirs, but Christ's. Thpy had no power but from Him. They were His ministers, Hi3 ambassadors, and it was He who, through them, guided, ruled, cared for, and guarded His flock—thus over to tho end of time continuing the ono Good Shep herd and Bishop of their souls. And Christ con ferred this divine commission on His represen tatives in a wonderful manner, giving thorn the full plenitude of that divine power which He received from His Eternal Father, and com municating it to them in tho same way us it was communicated to Him : — ' All power is given to Me in Heaven and on earth, going therefore to teach all notions.' ' As the Father hath sent Me, I also send you.' He promises them that the exercise of this power on earth shall be ratified and sanc tioned iu heaven: — 'Whatsoever you shall bind upon earth, shall be bound also in Heaven; and whatsoever you shall loose upon earth, shall be loosed also in Heaven.' Ho commands all to hear them, even as they should hoar Himself : — ' He, that hearoth you, heareth Me. He that despiseth you, despiseth Me.' And lest they should bo terrified in accepting this power — formidable even to the angels — He encourages them by assuring thorn chat He and the Holy Ghost will ever be with them in the exercise of their duty : — ' I will send tho Holy Ghost, the Spirit of Truth, to teach you all things and to abide with you for ever.' ' And behold I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world.' If, then, language has any meaning, the pastors of tho Church are, in tho fullest sonso of the word, the representatives of Christ. Thoy have the same divine commission ; they have His power; they have His authority to guide, to rule, to care, to guard, to defond tho flock committed to their uaro. And. thanks be to God, and to the abiding influence of Christ and tho Holy Ghost, they have, as a body, over been faithful to their sacred trust. Brethren, let me not bo misundorstood. I am not going to indulge in sentiment. I do not deny that there have been pastors who were unworthy of their sacred office and unfaithful to their sacred trust — pastors on whom tho Lord Himself, by tho mouth of the Prophet, pronounced a terrible woo : — ' Woo to tho shepherds of Israel that fed themselves . . . you drank tho milk, and you clothed yourselves with tho wool, and you killed that which was fat, but My Hock you did not feed. Behold I Myself will come upon the shepherds, and I will rcquiro My Hock at their hands.' I do not deny that at times great abuses havo arison and grave scandals have occurred. I do not deny that there was'a Judas among tho twelve, that there was an Arius at Alexandria, a Nostorius at Constantinople, a Donatua at Nuinidia, and a Cranmer at Canterbury, But take them all in all, during tho long history of tho Church, and say whether there has over boon another body ! of men who, for exalted virtue, for devotedneas j to duty, for untiring zeal in promoting the { general intorests of mankind, can be compared with the bishops of the Church of Christ. To recpunt the namos of thoso prelates that ware eminent for every vittue, in a heroic dogroo, would be to call tho roll of tho most illustrious saints on the calendar of tho Church of God. Their zeal in the onerous dutioB of tending tho flocks committed to their care, is a matter of history and of. ovory day oxparionce which ox torts admiration ovon from their very enemies. —Having reforrod to tho numbor of thoso who had oxposed themselves to banishment, loss, imprisonment, ovon death, in tho defence of tlioir flock, thus earning tho doublo titla of Bishop and Martyr, and instanced special oases, particularly that of St. Basil ; ha said ; thoy had only to recall the number of bishops t who in Europe woro to-day suffering and pre pared to suffor confiscation and banishment and imprisonment and oven death, in tho intercuts of tha church, to prove that tho . same . spirit moved them to-day. Nor was it only for tho spiritual interest of their peoplo that the bishops exorted thoir zoal. Everything that tended to tho social adyanco mont and happinoss of mankind found in tho { Catholic bishop a promoter, a patron, a guardian. It was a matter of history that tho Oatholio bishops had preparad the way for tho abolition of slavery, and ovory Hchoollioy know that tho groat Palladium of English liberty — Magna Cliarta — was wrested from tho hands of a tyrant by Stophon Langton, tho Catholic Archbishop : of Canterbury. Tho Protestant historian Guizot had candidly admitted that tho kingdoms of Europo and their civilization wore mainly tho work of Catholic bishops. With regard to Iho - advancement of learning it seems almost super* fluous to say that Catholic bishops wero always among its foremost patrons and benefactors. And yet it is not only said, but often tuken for granted, by a certain class of writors and speakers, that Catholic bislijp3 are afraid of learning and science, and that they are on principle opposed to intellectual pursuiU. Read many of the leading journals of the present time and see whether this is not tho impression they endeavour to convoy. But do those writors forget, or do they wilfully ignore tho fact that beforo tho Reformation there were no leas than sixty-six universities in Europe, each attended by thousands of students, some by ten, some by twenty, somo by thirty, somo by even as many as forty thousand students — and^hat everyone of these sixty-six universities ow'es it existence not merely in part, but, in a great measure, to the influence and munificence of C itholie bishops ? Do .they forgot that oven within the small torritjry of the Status of tho Church, where episcopal influence was naturally paramount, there was no less than six flourish ing universities ? To say nothing of the other great seats of learning that flourished before the Reformation, do they forget that Oxford owes not only its existence, but it greatness to Catholic bishops ? that of the nineteen colleges of which it oonists, fourteen were founded be fore tho Reformation ; and that of these four teen every ono was eithor founded or richly en dowed by Catholic bishops ? that Morton Col lego was founded by Walter do Morton, Bishop of Rochester ? that )BrasGiio30 was founded by William Smith, Bishop of Lincoln? that Mag dalan College, ' one of tho noblest structures of tlie known world,' was founded by William Patton, Bishopof Winchester? that New College and Corpus Christi Collego wore founded by two other bishops of the same Soe ? that Exeter Collego was founded by Walter do Stapleton, Bishop of Exeter — and that Christ Church Col lege, the most fam jus of them all, was founded by the princely munificence of Wolsey ? In fact, in evory country of Europe the names of Catholic bishops have boon indUsolubly bound up with the advancement of learning. It is true, indeod, that they aro opposed, and ovor will be opposed, to tho system of education which does not recognise God, und which tends directly or indirectly, to sap the foundations of religion and morality. And neither threats, nor slander, nor calumny, nor persecution will evor move the Hierarchy of tho Church to adopt, to accept, or to approve a system of edu cation which they believe to be dangerous to tho spiritual and eternal interests of those connnit tad to thoir caro. But true education — educa- tion which recognises the spiritual naturo of man, and his duties and obligations in Iho supernatural as well as in the natural order — education which trains tho intellect without neglecting tho will aud the affections— will evor find, as it over has found, its wannest advocates and its staunchest supporters in those whose first duty is to teach the nations. In addressing an Australian audience it is quite unnecessary to rotor to the virtues and luboursof thoso whom tho Holy Ghost has placed amongst us to rule tho Church of God on these distant shores. Bishops in theso colonies are brought into closer intercourse with their nocks than bishops in othor lands ; and all know what manner of men they are. In journeying often, perils of waters, in perils of wilderness, in labourand pain fulness, in much watching, besides those things which arc without, their daily instanco, tho solicitude for all the Churches. Who suffers and they do not suffer? who is scandalized and they are not on lire ? The example of their Iivo3 is for all who know them a burning and a shining light ; and havo they not, by their firmness and con stancy, already given proof, that, whero the causo of God and tho interests of their flocks are at stake, neither calumny, nor slander, nor misrepresentations, nor threats, nor tho wily machinations of statesmen, nor unjust laws, will ever make them swerve from their sacred duty, or render them unfaithful to their sacred trust ? And, you, especially, people of Bathurst, you know what manner of man was your late beloved Pastor, the first Bishop oE this Sec, whose hallowed remains rciio-iu here in our midst. His constant labour:), his groat piety, his fervent charity, his watchfulness over his flock, his solicitude for your spiritual and tomporal welfare, his enthusiastic zoal iu the interests of education, as is testified by the vast number of schools, iind especially by the flourishing higher educational establishments he has loft behind jhim — all theso, his virtues, will make his memory long live in benediction among you, his children, his joy, and his crown . Aud when he was taken from amongst you to j receive the well-merited reward of his virtues and his labours, your sorrow at losing him was , deep, heartfelt, intense — as was Hie sorrow of , all who shared his friendship. Hut, brethren i yuu have to-d'iy, one grand consolation to j compensate you for the loss you liave.sustaiued, and that is— that the mantle of the illustiious Bishop has fallen on n worthy successor — u j successor after his own heart, a successor trained by himself and formed by his counsel I and example : a successor, too, for whose ap pointment to this diocese you have, 1 ni-iko no doubt, earnestly and fervently prayed. It would ill become me, to- day, to obtrude my own private feelings or sentiments on thfs august assemblage ; but as one who for years has lived with the nowly-eoiiscenilcd Bishop, who had every opportunity of knowing his character, who owes much to his wise counsel and to the example of his virtues, and who (why should 1 not say it /) has enjoyed the pleasure of his intimate friendship, I* cannot refrain from offering to you, people of llathurs', I my most sincere and heartfelt congratulations j that yimr sorrow has to-day been turned into j joy in gutting such a worthy successor to your ! late venerated and beloved Bishop ; ami I j congratulate you, too, my Lord, on your ' having such a faithful and devoted people of! yuur flock. I congratulate the good priests of this diouese that one of themselves, their , hrotlier-priesf. and fellow-labourer — one whoso I worth and virtue and ability thuy know and appreciate — has been found worthy to rule over them. I respectfully congratulate the Most]ltuverond tho Bishops of (his province ou icceiving among their number ono whoso prudence, counsel, and experience will aid them, not a little, in the govornment of this new Church of Australia. And, in conclusion, 1 nsk all to unite in prayer, that he, who here to-day has received the full plenitude of tho priesthood — the power and authority of the pastoral ollice of Christ — may also receive the strength and grace necessary to enable him to discharge well and faithfully his onerous duties ; so that when he, in his turn, shall have to resign his staff of office tooUicr hands, he may receive as his reward, from thu I'rince of Pastors, a never-fuding crown of glory. Tho proceedings oooupiod ovor throo hours, but the interest of the spectators did not flag for an instant. Tho choir undor the leadership of Mr. Cope, rendered good service, and contri buted not a little to the effectiveness of tho ceremonial. 