CABINET COUNCIL EXTRA-' . • ORDINARY. [Per Private Telephone.] Monday,- February 2. Present—All the Ministers except C.P.W. C. Sec. (in. the chair)—Now gentlemen, we have most "important business this afternoon, so I do hope we shall have no trifling and no bad language. On Saturday I got this tele gram from Playford (reads)—"Disgusted at report acquitting Thow. Of course I resign. Suggest you should ask Mattinson to take my place. Good bye 1 I am off to Texas for three months. Shall probably resign my seat for East Torrens." There, gentlemen, what do you think of the position now ? (Long and gloomy silence.) Come Baker, you've been in and out of office before, what's your opinion ? M. J.E.—You know I have always told you that I thought we were letting Playford have too much of his own way in this mattei', and a nice mess he has led us into by being so head strong and tyrannical. I stayed away from church yesterday to think it over, and I fear we must all resign. C.C.L.—What, all of us?" Nonsense ! A.G.—Resign ! great Caesar's ghost ! T.—(aghast) Rcsignl Just when those beautiful taxation regulations are published, and everybody is so pleased with them ! M.J.E.—Shut up, Ben, you are talking about what you don't understand ! T.—Now, Dick, you're always chaffiing me. (Looking out of window)—Why, there's Play ford coming away from his office now! (All crowd to the window, and watch C.P.W.) C.C.L.—And he's coming this way. A.G.—Perhaps he has changed his mind. Hooray ! C.S. (with dignity)—Pray gentlemen, be seated. This is far too grave a question for you young fellows to be larking about. [Enter C.P.W, with portmanteau]. C.P.W.—Good afternoon. (Shakes hands all round.) I suppose you did not expect to see me to-day after my telegram on Saturday, • but just before the steamer left I thought I had better come back by her, or else it would look rather like running away, and I shouldn't like to be called a coward. C.S.—Well, we are all glad to see you. We were just talking the matter over when you came in. Have you reconsidered your resigna tion? C.P.W.—I have thought of little else since I got your telegram last week. I cannot say I was much surprised at the report, for I had begun to expect it, and told you so at our last Cabinet meeting; but how that Advertiser can hear us talk through their telephone beats me altogether. M.J.E.—Oh, those are only fancy reports, you know. T.—Fancy reports! They very often have the vexy words we use, and I can't imagine how the deuce they do it.—I beg your pardon, Mr. Colton, that was a lapsus ling-uce for which I apologise. C.S. (sternly).—I don't understand your Latin words, but I do understand "Deuce,' and I object to the word being used here. But how about your resignation, Playford ? C.P.W,—I feel that I have no alternative but to resign after what I said in Parliament. My opinion remains the same about these engineers, and I cannot understand how the board can have acquitted . Mr. Thow so com pletely, but I feel that we ourselves appointed the board, and we must accept their verdict. I told Parliament .that if Mais," Patterson, and Pendleton failed to prove their charges against Thow they would have to" go. Of course I thought then that Thow would be the victim, but now that the report is all the other way, I feel that I could not with any self respect re tain office, and dismiss Mais, Patterson, and Pendleton, while Thow, whom we have been prosecuting, remains in the service. C.C.L.—But they say Thow is offered a better billet in Melbourne, and will go there. A.G.—And in that case the other three can remain, and we can get another locomotive engineer, or do "without one. C.P.W.—I believe Mr. Thow can get a good appointment in Victoria, but his leaving would not remove the difficulty. I am very sorry that all this has occurred, but my mind is quite made up that I must resign, and in fact I have just been to the office to clear out my drawers and pigeon-holes ready for my successor. So now I must say, good-bye ! Before leaving you I wish to say that I have been thinking about Symon's bill, which I suppose will be £500 or £600. There will be a great row about this, and I shall be ready to pay my sixth of the amount out of my own pocket if the rest of you will do the same. I feel that we ought not to have engaged Mr. Symon at all, and that certainly he ought not to be paid ivith public money. If the Treasurer gets an excess warrant for it, and the amount appears among the excesses, I don't believe the House would pass -it, and Symon would lose his seat for the Sturt under the Con tractors Act. I think Mais, Patterson, and Pendleton should pay part of Mr. Symon's bill, if not the whole of it, but I am willing to pay my share whenever called on. By the way, what do you think about my resigning my seat for East Torrens ? Ought I to do so ? All—Certainly not! Absurd ! C. P. W.—I am glad you think that I am not called upon to do so, for I am not at all sure about getting in again just at present. Well, good-bye all. I wish you well through your troubles. (Going.) C. S.—One moment, Playford, before you go. Were you serious in suggesting Mattin son as your successor ? C. P. W.—Well I own I was rather excited when I scribbled that telegram last week, which was half in jest and half in earnest. But I would not presume to offer any advice as to what you should do now I have resigned, and I must decline any further responsibility in the present position of affairs. I shall quietly wait till the clouds roll by. (Exit singing.) C.S.—Well, gentlemen, what are we to do now that Playford has resigned ? I rather agree with Baker that we had better resign altogether, as I cannot see who will join us. Mattinson, of course, is quite out of the ques tion, and so is Coglin. C.C.L.—If Playford will take his old place as Crown Lands, I'll try my hand at Public Works. The squatters have got their Pastoral Bill, and will not object to him now as much as they did last year. T.—Or if Playford will take the Treasury I will be Commissioner of Public Works, I would rather have a row with the engineers than a row with the taxpayers generally, and especially with the female tax payers. A.G.—I suppose Playford would not do for Attorney-General, as lie is not a lawyer, or else I would exchange. M.J.E.—Shut up, Charley; unkind people say you are not a lawyer, but still you are Attorney-General. If Playford likes to take my post, I am not afraid of the engineers, and I will take Public Works. C.S. (oracularly)—As you have all given your opinion, perhaps you will allow me to give mine as the head of the Government. (Hear, hear.) Personally I feel that if Play ford insists on leaving us we had better all resign at once—("No, no")—for I am getting tired of official work, and I feel that I want a holiday. But if we can persuade Playford to exchange with one of us, I feel that I am the best man for public works, and that I made a mistake in not taking that post when we formed the Ministry last year. I don't think Mais and Patterson would have had it all their own way with me as Commis sioner. If you would like me to write to Playford, suggesting this, I will do so, and in vite him to another meeting to-morrow. I can still remain as Premier, though Playford is Chief Secretary, like Bray and Ramsay arranged last year. All—Very well, we agree to that. C.S.—All right, then I'll send a trooper with a note to Playford at once, and we'll now adjourn till to morrow. Not a word to the Press, mind; and, Baker, tell Todd to stop that telephone between here and the jAcirer [Curtain. 