THE SOLDIER'S MESSAGE. Â VERY remarkable circumstance occurred ' some years ago at Kirkcaldy, wben a person, for whoBe truth and respectability I can vouch was living in the family of a Colonel M. at that place. The house they inhabited wai one extremity of the town, and stood in a sort of paddock. One evening when Colonel M. had dined out, and there was nobody at home but Mrs. M., (her son a boy about twelve) years old), and Ann, the maid (my informa- tion), Mrs. M. called the latter, and directed her attention to a soldier who was walking backwards and forwards in the drying-ground behind the house, where some linen was hanging on thc lines. She said she wondered what he could bo doing there, and bade Ann fetch in thc linen, lest bc should purloin any of it. The girl, fearing he might be some ill disposed person, hesitated; Mrs.M.,however promising to watch from the window that nothing happened to her, she went ; but still ap- . prehensive of the man's attentions, abe turned her back towards him, and hastily pulling down the linen, she carried it into the Louse; he continued hts walk the while,' as before, taking no notice of her whatever. Ere lona the Colonel returned, and Mrs. M. lost no time in taking him to the window to look at the man, saying she could not con-, ceive what he could mean by walking back- wards and forwards there all the time ; where- upon Ann added, jestingly, " I think it's a ghost, for my part !" Colonel M. said, " he would soou sec that," and calling a large dog that was lying in the room, and accompanied by the little boy, who begged to be permitted to go also, he stepped out and approached the stranger; when, to his surprise, the dog, which was au animal of high courage, instantly flew back, aud sprang through the class door, which the Colonel had cloBcd behind him, shivering the panes all round. The Colonel, meantime, advanced and challenged the man repeatedly, without' obtaining any answer or notice whatever ; till at length, getting irritated, he raised a weapon witli which he had armed himself telling him he " must speak, or take the con- sequences," when just as he was preparing to strike' lo ! there was nobody there ! The soldier disappeared, and thc child sunk sense- less to thc ground. Colonel M. lifted the bay in his arms, and as he brought him into the houae, he said to the girl, " You are right Ann. It was a ghost !" He was exceedingly impressed with this circumstance, and much legrctted bis own behaviour, and oleo the having taken the child with ¡lim, which he thought had probably prevented some com- munication that was intended. In order to repair, if possible, these errors, bc went out everynight, and walked on that spot for some time, in hopes the apparition would return. At length, he said that he had seen and had conversed with it, but the purport of the conversation he would never communicate to any human being, not even to 1ÙB wife. The effect of thc occurrence on MB own character was perceptible to everybody that knew him. He became grave ami thoughtful, and appeared like one who had passed through some strange experience. The abovenamed Ami H., from whom I have thc account, is now a middle-aged woman. When the. circumstances occurred she was about twenty : years of agc. She belongs to a liighly-rcspecfr ; able family, aud is, and always has been, st. person of unimpeachable character and; veracity.-Croire. j 