A 2TEW SOCIETY BOOK. A young society man, with more brains than the general ran of shakers of the nimble heel, is preparing a private directory for the ose of his fellow toilers in the San Francisco drawing rooms. It is to be entitled, 44 Girls I Know, and how zo Interest Them/' Looking over the advance ebe- ts of this carious little volarne one is profoundly affec ted by the philosophy its pages eviuce. An extract will give an idea of the plan on which the wotk is constructed : Littie A.—Kt-ad up on flowers. Be strong on Marchcl 2siel roses. Dose her with tulips : anecdotes of early violet3. Bud destroying frosts highly acceptable. Maggie B.—Bocks ; novels of sensation. Real up 4 Leavenworth Case,' 'House on the Marsh'* and "Great Porter Square My stery.* Hint about mysterious murder soon to be made public. Harrow her. Maggie don't give a cent for anyone who can't harrow her. Ghost experience iu deserted churchyard always acceptable. Plenty of blood and spooks. Sadie C.—Poetry. Give her Teonyson. Compare her to Clara Vere de Vere. Give her a few starzas of 4 Locksley Hall/ Go lighn on 4 Maud'and 4 Idyls of the King/ Stick to the lyrics. Tell her she reminds yeu of 4 Elaine,* or 1 Vivian/and wish you were 4 Merlin.' | Alice D-—L*\vn Tennis. Kan down | croquet. Alice has snide ankles. | 3d amis E.—Scandal. Don't be afraid of j going too far. Mamie will stand most anyr thing. Give it to the widows. Mamie hates ! widows. Was cat out once by a widow and ! engagement spoiled. Say widows ought to ! be banished from the society of unmarried ; people and put on a reservation. The harder | you lean on the widows the more Mamie will i like yon. j Actstie F.—Platonics ; brotherly love ; | abhorrence of flirtation. Day it on strong. | Mourn for a sister that died in her cradle, j Annie will cotton to yon at once. Say yon wish yon had a sister like her. The odds ! are she'll invite }'ou to love her as a sister, i Don*t refuse invitation to lunch. Old P.'s claret can't be beat, and there's always a chance for a small bit of fizz. Kitty S —Be rompish. Square her hand. Kittie likes fellows with no nonseuse about them. If yon don't manage to kiss her i before yon go, she'll set yon down as a' I muff, and yon needn't call again. Hag her I every chance yon get. Don't mention B.'s name ; he jilted Kitty. I The advantages of this work arc simply incalculable. 