LELGABDE'S INHERITANCE. IN TWELVE CHAPTERS. CHAPTER VIII. It was not till daylight was peeping in through the chinks in the closed shutters that Lelgarde opened her eyes with a freshened, in vigorated look which did my heart good. ' Yes,' she said, in answer to my anxious questions, ' I have slept soundly indeed. It seems only a minute ago that I went to bed. Oh ! dearest old Joan ! what a blessing you are to me !' 'And this heavy-treading ghost has not been here to-night,' I said, pointing to the little slippers ; 'everything is just as we left it ; let us hope that it is exorcised for eood and all.' Nei'ertheless, I was resolved to carry Lel garde away for a little while. I must own that I felt almost as anxious as she could lie to get away from Athelstanes, the servants' talk tally ing so uncomfortably with what she herself had told me, had impressed on my mind a vague sense that everything was weird and uncanny, and I went about, feeling ready ;o jump and scream on the smallest provocation. But several days and nights passed, and nothing happened to frighten either of us. Deter mined not to let Lelgarde pass another solitary night as long as we were under that roof, I had a mattress carried into her room every night, and I had the satisfaction of seeing her look fresher and brighter at every wakening. She bad ceased to hang restlessly about Miss Hilda's room, and I was quite sorry, when, one afternoon, only two or three days before that fixed for our departure, Mrs. Bracebridge re quested her presence there to decide on some question of new chintz or dimity, which might quite as well have waited till our return. But Mrs. Bracebridge's requests were not easy to refuse or shirk ; and she was anxious to set all her handmaidens to their sewing while ?we were away*; so she discoursed, pointing out the tattered state of the garniture in ques tion, and Lelgarde assented, her eyes all the time roving about with the hunted look which I hoped had entirely left them. I cut short the good old lady's speech as much as I could, end when she was gone I tried to hurry my sister off at once to the drawing- room ; but she lingered, and, as if drawn by some ir resistible attraction to the ebony cabinet, opened it, and again began fingering it in every direc tion, with the perplexed look of a child over a puzzle. ' I cannot make it cut,' she murmured. ' Sunday, to-morrow,' I said, as if had nut heard her ; ' I suppose Mr. Seymour Kennedy will be here ; our sudden move will him by surprise.' ' He has a fine evening for bis journey,' she said, closing the cabinet, and we went tnto the drawing-room. That night I awoke suddenly, with the peculiar sensation of not waking naturally, with a tightening of the breath, and a vague feeling of terror. My bed faced the door — and that door — that door which I had myself locked overnight — stood wide open, showing the black passage outside. It had come then, whatever it was — this night-walking horror — its haunting presence was to manifest itself also ta me. We burned a night-light, and I raised myself softly, and looked at Lelgarde's bed to see if she were awake or not. The bed wnc pmnftr. Never shall I forget that moment of wild, perfectly unreasoning horror. Had this dread ful thing the power to lure her away to some fearful doom? Could such things be per mitted in a world God governed. These thoughts went whirling through my brain, while I threw myself out of bed, and made one spring to the door ; at the same moment the moonlight came streaming through the long line of windows along the gallery ; and, a few yards in front of me, full in the flood of light, glided along a white-robed female figure. On, on, on, with even footsteps — ai the head of the stairs it paused for half a moment, and I got a clearer view of it. It is the spirit of Hilda Atheling ? No — that desolate figure in Harry Goldie's picture has stepped out of his canvas. It is Lelgarde, Lelgarde herself ! thougt the fixed, corpse-like features, the dead expression of the eyes are most unlike her. Thanks to stout nerves and common sense, in one minute I understood the whole — Lelgarde had resumed the naughty trick of her childhood, and was asleep. All was explained now ; the white figure the dis arranged room, the unfastened door. In the relief of that moment I could have laughed aloud, but I checked every sound that could disturb her sleep. The doctor's assurance, long ago uttered, recurred to my mind, that to wake her hastily might cost her her reason or her life. As I had often done in days gone by, I crept after her, keeping down my breath, holding myself ready to clasp and soothe her, should she suddenly awake, and tolerably free from uneasiness about her safety, as I had often seen with what more than walking caution she could guide her steps. Evenly and softly she moved down the broad, shallow stairs ; across the hall, and into Miss Hilda's room ; I following. Straight to the cabinet she walked— the moon filled the room with its pale brightness, and I could see all her actions distinctly. She opened the doors, she took out and laid aside, without an instant's hesitation, the third drawer on the right-hand side : she ran her fingers over some small ivory mouldings, which formed a pattern round the pigeon-hole thus revealed ; they were exactly alike, but I saw her select one, and then — not press it, as she had always tried to do when awake — but draw it towards her. It remained in her hand, a long, ivory-headed peg, and there dropped into the aperture from above a small square receptacle — a sort of drawer, closely packed with papers. She took them, unfolded them one by one, looking with her fixed, unseeing eyes, straight before her all die while ; folded them up and put them back, replacing one after the other, box, peg, and drawer, closed the cabinet, then repeated, in the dull voice of a child saying a lesson which it does not understand : ' If that day should ever come, I will look here, and remember that wrong can never be right. n Then she left the room, mounted the stairs, traversed the long gallery, finally, to my intense relief, entered her room, le-locked the door, barely giving me time to slip in after her, and laid herself down in her bed. I took the pre caution of extracting the door-key, and putting it under my pillow : and then, chilled to the bone, and a good deal perplexed, but wonder fully comforted, I composed myself to sleep. ' Are you certain ? Was it really so ?' Lel garde asked incredulously, when kneeling by her bedside in the early morning I told her all lie adventures of the night. Then, throwing hei arm round my neck, and drawing my car down dose to her lips, she whispered : 'Are yon sure I was alone?' And I felt her quiver with superstitious dread. ** My dearest, you must use your common sense,' I said, with all the authority I could muster ; 'you know this is nothing new, only sn old habit -resumed.' 'A habit that grew out of my hrst visit here, Joan ; and what natural power could lead me to find out that secret drawer which I can never have seen opened ?' «« Are yon sure that you never saw it opened ? Do you remember our conversation the first evening that we met Mr. Seymour Kennedy? % begin to think that some recollectien of your first visit has all this time been working on your brain without your knowledge.' ' Are you certain that you did not dream all this yourself?' ' Well, that is a question we can soo settle ; I will undertake to teach you the way to open the bidden drawer as you taught it to me last Bight.' The breakfast bell sounded before we were ready for it : and we would uot keep the servants loitering over their work on a Sunday morning : but, as soon as we had despatched the meal, we hastened to rearch the ebony cabinet. I must confess that I felt a. little doubtful of my own senses, when I saw its im probable aspect, and Lelgarde was inclined to laugh at me, perhaps really to hide some little tremor. ' Is this the little ivory knob? This third one on the right side ? I do not believe it, Joan ; it is impossible to get a sufficient hold of it to pull it — ah !' She broke off suddenly ; with unexpected force the little projection seemed almost to spring to meet her fingers, and, as she drew out the peg, down fell the small uncovered box with its hoard of tightly compressed papers. ' There ! was I dreaming ?' I exclaimed ; but Lelgarde interrupted me with a shrill cry, half fright, half relief, and clasped her fingers over her eyes. '' I see — I see it all. I remember the whole of it !' she cried, eagerly ; ' it all comes back to me. Oh, poor little creature, how I suf fered ! how scared and terrified I used to be.' ' Are you crazy, my child ? What is it you remember ?' ' This drawer — that opening — was not it just what a child would remember ? And the way I was shown it — the fright ! Oh, no wonder I had a nervous fever — no wonder I ran away : this has reminded me of every thing. ' ' Tell me what it is, quickly, dearest ; but don't get so excited about it.' Gathering the papers up in her band, she said : ' I do not know what these are, I never did know ; but, Joan, I know now who it was that frightened me at Athelstanes ; it was that poor weeping, terrible woman, my cousin Hilda. Yes, that was when it — my vision, I mean — really happened, in truth, not in fancy. It was she who used to come, with her terrible weep ing, and wake me up at night, and bring me down here, poor little, cold, scared thing, and show me the secret of the hiding-place, and repeat again and again those words about wrong never being right; and make me promise to look here in case I should ever be mistress of Athelstanes. What ever these papers contain, remember, Joan, t said all this before I looked at them.' ' Then Miss Hilda, not Miss Etheldreda, was your tormentor after all. But surely, Lel garde, she was bed-ridden, or, rather, sofa ridden ; had she not lost the use of her limbs?' *' Of course she had ; every one said so. Oh ! I see this room now just as it used to be, and her waxen-looking face and hands, and draperies, all as white as snow, on this red couch. That was the dreadful thing ; see ing her lie motionless all day, and then being visited by her in this stealthy, fearful way at night ; and then she wept. Oh ! how is it I never forget that weeping ?' ' She must have been a most persistent hum bug, or else crazy,' I said, feeling anything but charitable towards Miss Hilda. ' Let us see what she had had to turn her brain. I almost begin to think I can guess,' said Lelgarde, growing a shade paler. She opened the first paper, glanced over the few lines which it contained, did the same with the next, and then placed them in my hands with a strange sort of smile. ' No wonder,' was all she said. The first paper was a certificate of the mar riage of Hilda Atheling with Henry Hamilton at some church in the City ; the second, bear ing date about a year later, recorded the baptism of a second Henry Hamilton, at a sea side town, far away in the West of England. The secret of Hilda Atheling's life was out at last. 