STUDENTS• MEETINGS IN EDINBURGH. BY DK. D. A. MOXEY. A WONDERFUL work of grace has begun, and is going on, in our University. Premonitory symptoms of the blessed outburst had not been wanting, and many a true child of God within aud without her walls had been instant in prayer on her behalf. Our gracious God, who never can long resist the united cry of His people, has, like Himself, done exceeding abundantly above all we have asked or thought. It had been a matter of remark that the different Christian societies among the students had of late increased in number, and developed in interest and spirituality. Subject to correction, I feel inclined to trace the distinct rise of the tide back to Major Whittle's meetings with the students in 1880. Mr. Moody's meetings in the following year helped on the work ; aud siuce the first-named date, I have had the joy of knowing a band of consecrated young men, chiefly from the Arts Classes, who met together for one night a week, to cry to God for the salvation of their Professors and fellow students, and who encouraged each other in the Lord, and sought grace so to order their own steps, and so to inf 1 uence their fellows, that a deep and real revival of religion might be the result. A system of visitation wa3 commenced, two generally going in company to the lodging of one, aud many individual souls were thus won to Christ. But the event] that has precipitated the shower of blessing that has, and is, falling in our midst, is the recent visit of the two young Christian athletes from Cambridge, who are now on their way to preach Christ to the Chinese. Students, like other young men, are apt to regard professedly religious men of their own age as wanting in manliness, unfit for the river or cricket-field, aud only good for psalm-singing and pulling a long face. But the big, muscular hands and long arms of the ex- captain of the Cambridge eight, stretched out in entreaty, while he eloquently told out the old story of redeeming love, capsized their theory ; and when Mr. C. T. Studd, a name to them familiar as a household word, and perhaps the greatest gentleman bowler in England, supplemented his brother athlete's words by quiet but intense and burning utterances of personal testimony to the love and power of a personal Saviour, opposition and criticism were alike disarmed, and professors and students together were seen in tears, to be followed in the after-meeting by the glorious sight of professors dealing with students, and students with one another. In looking over the long list of the professors in our University, it is a subject of the deepest thankfulness to find what a goodly proportion are avowedly on the Lord's side, and how few are openly Jlis enemies. Indeed, we only know of one who persecutes the Lord Jesus, but we are praying that, like Saul of Tarsus, he may be brought down to the dust, with the cry, "Lord what wilt Thou have me to do ? " On Friday, January 23, Messrs. Studd and Stanley Smith addressed the students for the last time in the Free Assembly Hall. About GOO only out of 3,000 would be present, but the impression produced was deep and widespread. Professor Grainger Stewart presided and engaged in prayer, and as the men were leaving, he called on them that were impressed to throw aside unmanly shame, and to decide there and then for Him who was never ashamed of them. The stampede was arrested, and many young souls were entrusted to Jesus, the lover of souls. On the following Sunday night, January 25, Professor Henry Drummond addressed the students in the Oddfellows'. Hall, when probably 1,000 were present. Students are essentially hero-worshippers, and hard musole and fertile brain Beem to be the gods they specially revere. They had already found two of their muscular heroes in vital union with the Lord Jesus- Christ, and now they listened to an intellectual giant, who looked no older than themselves, glorifying this same Jesus—a scientist preaching the Gospel. This last surprise seemed to have beeu the means used by God to topple over the absurd idea that Christ meant cant, and the devil meant manliness; and when Professor Greenfield, M.D., who is regarded as a man of brain-power and of scientific attainments second to none in the University, stood up, and in tearful aud broken sentences, almost child-like in their simplicity, nrged the students to come to Jesus, a Bcene ensued which everyone who saw it declares to have been unexampled in his experience. Whole rows of weeping men were dealt with, the difficulty being to find a sufficient number of workers. Many graduates, and other lovers of our University, have been observing how manifestly God has been using means to the blessed end that has now dawned upon us. Several teachers, whose Christianity was doubtful, have ceaBed to be Professors, and in several cases men of pronounced evangelical views have taken their places. Of course this has not • always been the case, but I think I may venture the assertion that there has been a distinct gain of recent years to the cause of Christ. The appointment of Sir William Muir to the Principalship is a matter of deep gratitude to God. The ter-centenary anniversary and the magnificent celebration of it, frightened many of the Lord's dear people, especially when they read, among the list of invitations, the nameB of well-known sceptics and freethinkers in the literary and scientific world. But God overruled it to his own glory, and the outcome of the extraordinary gathering focussed in an unmistakable testimony (from the foremost intellects of Europe) to the truth of, and need for, the glorious revelation to man, contained in God's blessed book. Students went off to their homes all over the United Kingdom with this testimony, surviving all the excitement, and doubtless in many hearts speaking with a still, small voice. Ihen the death of our late Principal, so tragic in its suddenness was another link in the chain of God's providences, all helping to render the words of the two Cambridge students doubly solemn and doubly real. In Professor Drummond we seem to have found, or rather God sent us, the very man most likely to draw the students to a meeting, and to preach the gospel to them once they were there. His present scientific popularity made them curious to see him ; his youthful face and unconventional, almost bovish manner, won their goodwill, and inclined them to'hear him ; and his simple and striking way of lifting up Christ, apart from any thought-distracting considerations about Him, such as the naming of repentance, faith, &c.;, concentrated their attention on the Son of God; and as they saw his love and their own ingratitude side by side, hearts were broken, and wills surrendered. On the second Sabbath evening, February 1 I took the meeting and told the story of my converson Dr Woodhead, one of the medical tutors, was chairman and he and Professor Greenfield led in prayer. The meeting was comparatively a small one, but the work was evidently of God, for several found peace durin" the address, and a number were dealt with at the close" On Sunday, February 8, Professor Drummond agaiu addressed a crowded assemblage, Professors Grainger Stewart and Simpson being present; and the presence and power of God and the Holy Ghost were even more manifest than on the former occasion. I came in after my own meeting in the Free Assembly Ilall, and although we had many anxious souls to deal with there yet I found numbers not yet overtaken in the students' after-meeting, and I had the joy of pointing several willing souls to a more willing Saviour. I was told that the Professor's text had been "Come unto Me," &c.; (Matt. xi. 28-30) ; that he had spoken simply naturally, quietly, and earnestly, dealing largely ,„' illustration aud anecdote, and appealing to theirWanliness, and sense of honor, and gratitude. One anecdote seemed to have touch them deeply. Substantially, it was to this effect : Some years ago, in the University there was a fine manly fellow, a medical student, a very Hercules in strength, but as gentle and loveable as he was strong. He was immensely popular, the captain of the football club, and not a cricket match was considered complete without him. He was a man of good intellectual gifts as well. He caught typhoid while attending the Iloyal Infirmary, and soon he lay dyin" in a private ward. One of the house physicians, an earnest Christian and successful soul-winner, spoke to him about God and eternity. The dear fellow listened became anxious, and eagerly heard the story of redeem ing love. " Will you give yourself to Jesus ? " asked the doctor. He did not answer for a space, and then earnestly regarding the man of God, he said, " But don't you think it would be awful mean just to makp it up now, at my last gasp, with One I have rejected all my life ?" "Yes, it would be mean, but, dear fellow, it would he far meaner not to doit. He wants you to do it now, for he has made you willing and it would be mean to reject a love that Ts pursuing you even to death." The dying man saw the point, and apprehending the excess of that exceeding love, he launched his soul into the ocean of it. Professor Drummond sought to drive home the point by asking, "Don't you think it was sad that this grand young lite could return to God, as the fruit of its earthly existence, only a few half- conscious dying hours? Would you like to meet a loving Father who rewarded you with an eternity of bliss, with such a record? Would it not be mean? But, dear friend ^ you leave this hall to-night without Christ, is not this just what you are doing? You won't treat this amazing love like that, will you ? You will not be so mean. On Sabbath, February 15, Professor Drummond was again the speaker, but I must leave a notice of that to another report. In the meantime, "Pray, brethren pray."— The Christian. ' 