? He rainluul cnmi: so suddenly that the Countess Elsa Arcoit could not possibly, ereii hv putting spurs to her horse, reach iiie Castle Lrncr.t before she was. wot ihrou"!i and through, so: slie and her old «raoin, John Diim," drew rein jmder the york-tngicrc «i ii dilipated building, that teemed uninkabi tod as weiL The countess jpni'i'-i ir"»i liur horse, saying : liure is shelter, at least, John. Is not this one of our farm-houses ? Put up the horses, and we will wait in one of the rooms for the storm to pass." " Your ladyship forgets—— "What? Are all the rooms shut up ?" inqaired the comitcss, now lialf Tway up the " Not sliut up; but yourladyship knows thit a dragoon regiment was stationed liere a ireek ago, and your ladyship has given tiicm one of your farm-houses for quartos." "Oil, ras it this or.e f laughed the orantcss. and as she knocked at the door citLkr riding-whip, it opened, and an <^i«r£tc;i;ied out. • He was tall, slender, yet struni'ly built man, .the personification of tk Greek Mars, in figure,strength, and oimje^but withal I u.. tie tekildercould ł.1.,. not i decide ' " whether Lis "" baatT roś greater his - angular pallor. > " lie exclaimed, as :lie caw the Mr, "pardon me." "I came to beg for admission. The (M house belongs to me; bntyouiaxe the ocnerat present ; will you give me and I ąr old John shelter from the stbrm !" "Tou Kill bring my poor Boom good ftntcBe,' mademoiselle," and slie found Leissli in a room hung with epaulettes aid uuifonus ; the table was a chaos of bsokE, letters, cigar-cases, gloves, cravats, ink-stands, and small change. He swept the table clear, and she seated herself and looted through the window at the howling tćminer storm. - "You must keep ns for "a couple of tans, lieutenant," sho remarked, jtra! lain the Countess Elsa Arcon, of Me Lancut." " *' _ He bowed politely, but with, slight inffirence,almostmechanically. Inevery tlmę that he did there, was something measured, almost soulless, as if he went ttnragli the customary forms of life b tontine. 'J? 6 " T- „ ... lam Lieutenant Raymond Stemfeld. j™ let me of know, my the keeping house Ton is yours." ; ^ 38 " Kot the room, though." She tinned »the spoke, and for me first time they looted cadi other intiielace. For tlie •fat lime she marked his youth,-his exsaling beauty, his unnatural .pallor, and 1 as if Vitli sudden cold.' And ,, as . Jeeves restedon her ho seemed to tear I Mr, lovely as she was. He betrayed a j siden discomposure, and caught at | Efert as one does when overcome by J fli&ca; terror or sudden grief. But the Me scene lasted scarcely a second, and J ttey continued such a conversation as eemmMv follows a first meeting. She I out of the window agam, and 1 *arfied the effects of the storm With an artist's atist's interest. intpr«f ~ ' l * " Does not tlie beauty in all this wildaess impress vou deeply f' she asked. "So," lie said ; and again she noticed | ftfi terrible quiet of indifierence in him, «if lie were strange to the world and the to liim : as if he couldfeel neither i ffi fairsorrow ; as if lie were a handsome, ,i (BireiUji automaton, in Whose face his • miter lad forgotten to- put a touch of j wring color. " No 11 see nature's beauty wildiiess, bat I can not say they miffessme." ''Tou arc fortunate," said the Jady, aovrly. "How comfortable"it: must be Joryou." ' y° u think bo T' he .replied, Btaimg J raging storm, then, wriL appaięirt ^ he turned to his fair guest. "I disgracefully negligent : let me -draw ™ sofa to ihe window" ^No, thank you , I am a Utile cold.™ ^jYoar habit is damp What can I "Give me a cigarette I am sorry that I ha\ e Olily Tiiginia. JS my Cossack, shall get you *ome toWcoandrice-Tww>er" -W -a 4" 1 ™ " ł 1 cried the countess. - 1 But you can not smoke "Vis^nia." ~ J^1 Łope not. Do you toto mete »J tfP 0 ™ 1 she cried, with her sown pw^tp 1 " I only wonder jatyouumofang i / j "You ate a connousem, | I have tried all lands. My failier was an^inveterate smoker, and my bus band, General Atcon^wasillforfireyoara before his death, and I was his only n W 1 leaiued to know my cigarette *roll during Mk" """ ~ ' * waning, in Ąite; <dose, room." " . She spoke simply, and Stenifeld threw her n glaiice thai seemed to ask pardon for an injustice done lier in his thoughts ..you have. tea and a samovar, .1 sec,' she added; " will you give me a cup of tea ? You see I invite myself." " I will make it for you, countess." "What! an officer make tea, with a lady In the room J" kuglied the pretty woman, taking the old Chinese tea-caddy and the samovar into her own bands. " Bezerdyi belongs to your regiment, I believe. He used to be in the-Uhlans, and is a son of Field- Marshal Bezeidyi, is he not?" 'Ton Imow everything, countess." '.piy^u^^CT^at^janiiMlfrSised «ń army "matters. You" must , reniember (Łat t am a'soldier's daughter and. a , soldier's widow... Otherwise I should not | have flown so straight to a soldler fop I shelter from the storm," she finishedwith jV 6mU % m £r r smile, .cluldlike as her eyes were. ® le y d^i their tea, thp clouds broke j away, and the countess rose to go. " you " she said;, as she gave j hlmher,hand, "and do not let me remain j your, debtor , long. You are invited to come as a friend to Castle Łańcut. I and see Countes^Odescsli, you. .Will you come will ?" be He bent his handsome head. " Your permission is an honor. Our major, 'Count Łettwitz, will shortly wait upon you with-his officers." "Góoii-bye, then. I shall reach Lancut in sunshine.'' As she rode away two officers met her and bowed. One was the captain Count Lin£ki, a tall, denderman, witlia projecting cliiń ; the other was Count Dobski, ugly, and small, with freckles, red hair, and little, false, grey eyes. Look, that is the countess from the castle," said Iiinski. *' She' was. talking • with Sternfeld. HowdidSternfeld, who is an iceberg, get mixed up"— The ugly little rod-head smiled maliciously. " Stemfeld and a love-aiiair! he said, scornfully. "Kot so impossible," returned Captain IiinBki. " Will yougo vrifli me.and speak to hi™ ?" To Stemfeld ? No!" said the little count, sharply, • and the Captain -went alone. " Yon have had a visitor I see," he said, as he entered the room. "Lord knows, such a piece of femniiy makes a bachelor's den more home-like, even if she is gone. The tea is hot still. Yes; thanks. It was the Countess Arcon. Have you known her long ? Or is she a relative? ". " I caw her to-day for. the first time," answered Stenifeld, in his indifferent manner. "The rain drove her in." _ "You lucky dog ! Then you will not be sony when the major takes ns oll to call upon her to morrow. She must be a peculiar creature. Scandal has never breathed her name. She nursed an old husband on his death, bed, vegetates here with a. half idiotic old aunt, plays the piano magnificently, and will not hear of a suitor. What is die like ?" I really did not notice her," said Stemfeld, in his lifeless way. The major and five of his officers made their visit to Castle Łańcut. The Countess Elsa and ^ her „„ aunt Odescali received them dtomi^ly. The Counted Odes- cali -nag sarcely more than a cretin who always smiled and ate, but she was a sort of a chaperon for the young widow, and, with the exception of the necessary retinue of servants they were the sole occupants of the castle. " As a widow," said the Countess Elsa fin farewell, I have no reception "day, but I hope whenever you are tiding % you will come in for half an hour-when you have the time to spare—and as' many of you together as possible. 3 ' . There-was a charming air of command about her last words. > As a soldier's daughter and a hostess, die widied to be on good terms with all the officers but to none intimately. , .'When they -were gone she said to her aunt: , - " Well,- dear Mona, how do you like them r But die did not ask the question for. the sake of any answer, for Madame Odescali's liveliest means of expression was an •eternal, „gentle amile. She was - treated by her cheerful young niece like tt poor orphan child, and the Countess Elsa talked with her only to express her y awn opinions and give her monologues an I acceptable form. , . I ; «you don't care much for Uie major, J you Would say," pursued Elsa. "He tries to be more martial than Mars. You like that Jong Count Liński tiie best; ie ib not a wicked handscnie, tongue; and but he he has seems some to sense, have you think. Bezeidyi ts a nice boy ; yes, tou are right. But I .cannot endure that oideoos Count Dobski, -nor you erther, ... jje nevcr done us any narm, wc understand now tlie proverb; < j^-j luur care.' All jn all, we are xaguig, we not ^mf? Isn't it shameful that I .„ jy not' come' It is unpaidonable! )£ci}mBe, (i^Wjorsaidto them: Gcntfe- 1 , en » .'^'mu^t pay our w^ieabs' to flir on whbseestate we are stationed, , . ^ jjivjte ns to dinner oa m- I , ^ tlieJ. ^ came except him. . I ^ ^ nOfhhig aboiit it, but it would have been polite to .return the visit I was forced ^haOountess eutpposed that AuntOde^ al, as usual heard litUeand understood e^ So she started when the Odesrali, ipening her heavy mouth a little wider, Jid, thickly. "Who?" "He mat* gave me shelter m -the In. How do I know what is name is S " ft" is a count T' ... "Is he handeomel! . "So" . " What >sŁe, then! Bade' said tlie countess witi flushed , , ^ ^ s!,e laughed, -and added J yp^^-jUy dungs we are to get so sngry, ^^ttonismilżd, M-usual. Vi ^fficere vho liad T i ^ *er .tojrne ot ihe anepdetes lieutenant Btenifęlds know Łim, Countess T' inter- 1 „ Captain Jjin^. jnvoluntary. S^ftiónber of your ixigimBiiL wbo ^„emr^ielbfer in "ttio last ^n^torm/ S ttte<»B»tes8 tewquOly. '^by WM I S v W j ^ b | ^ , i t - p r . . Oh," cried Dobski,shrilly,''Stemfeld is a little toque. He is a misanthjnpfe of the deepest hue. You must not measure him by the rules of society. Have you not seen hiui? He is as white as the wall, t believe he eats lucifer matches. „ the little mana, contemptuous glance, and, in Ins deepest voice, said to the countess: " " In fact Stemfeld is shy. He ined to be more sociable, but for the last six months he has apparently been ailing. Vet he is one of the bravest officers in the «my—a man of honor through and through, and a hero." " Until .he had that rencontre with Prince Teko, in Vienna, about a dtui&use; jf the worse reputation," criod Dobski. ''The advantage was all on Sternfeld's ^ide, count," -said TAialri,' raising his roice, " and you are the last person to refer to the afiair, for the sake of your friend Prince Teko." Gentlemen," said the countess in a mocking voice and a haughty face, " yovt are disputing about the right and wrong of a man in whom I have not the slightest interest. Ray finish your former stoiy.'" And" when her guests had left her, Countess Elsa, who had talked, laughed, 'and played her best, leaned her lovely head on Aunt Mora's shoulder as if deathly weary, and Baid, faintly: " It has been a stupid day. Mona. For ° doiisCTiie, they said, and he looks like Byron in his Borrow. I was very Billy, Mona. Heaven be praised, I am cured." Aunt Mona smiled and stroked the cheek of her niece, who in that instant buried a something as yet formless and nameless in her stillest soul. So the summer passed away. The countess passed her days, as formerly, at the piano, or with her embroidery, in monologues with Aunt Mona, or receiving visits from the officers or from the ladies of the neighborhood. She was naturally too proud ever again to mention Lieutenant Sternfeld's name, and she had probably quite forgotten him, as it never appeared in her monologue-with her aunt. But one chance threw her with him. It was on the liigh road. A lovely summer day was changing into a disagreeable afternoon of angry wind and dust. Hie Couutess Elsa was sitting in a little pavilion at .the park gates, where she had brought her work, and now she rose and leaned, over the balustrade" to watch a little caravan that was being swept along the road. It consisted of a bearded Italian carrying a little child on his back; beside him ran a little boy with three pots, and a tiny girl wrapped in a coarse cloth, like a scarecrow, and the rear was brought up by a young man with a bass viol, a violin, and a bundle óf clothes. They trotted by, joor children of the south, driven forward ly the raw wind of the north, and the Countess Elsa's eyes followed them with the" shadow of tears. One moro .came after; but no, he did not belong to them, this tall man in the faultless military cloak, and cap pulled far down over his brows. His eyes and hers met so directly that he co.uld not but pause and bow. " Did you see the poor people ?" she asked, as she leaned oycr-the railing. The pale officer neared the gates and rested one foot on tie lower step of her pavilion, but she did not invite him in. "Poor people?" he inquired, as if astonished. " I saw none." " Oh, you are up in the clouds 1" cried the'countess. ''They were just in front of you. and at first I took you for one of them." He did not smile. - Such a thing seemed impossible for his quiet features. " Oh, you mean the Italian musicians. Why do you call them poor ? They are two, they have children witii them. I call them .rich. What does your tender heart find to pity in them 1" There was slight irony in his tone, not that of a desire to wound, but thai wlncli springs from a bitterly roused heart. "Do ypii.iiot see that they have no. mother, and no home ?" cried the countess." " Home ? Why, they have the loveliest in the world—Italy."" "Italy!" she exclaimed, angrily. "•Every man has the land of his birth, I suppose. But these poor people must wilder, wander, wander among strangers, misunderstood, earning their bread from day to day, never seeing the next ^tep before them, going' back totheir Italy with gray and weary hearts, and knowing that she may grudge, them, even their And there are p^ojile who never may hope to see their native land again, countess," answered the pale officer, sharply. "There are many quite respiectablc people -who wander among strangers, stammering another tongue, or grown quite dumb, but they find no pity, because they do not parade their loneliness. Do you think an oak tree may not be ionely, helpless— may not die of neglect in the midst of a forest of oaks f".. She bent her bead and rose. " You shouldknbw thatbetterłhan X," she said; "but the storm is increasing and I am growing -cold. Good night." She bowed and vanished from the pavilion. the wind, but - ónce he stood looked back.- ' • : ' " She mustiiate-me," he said -to himself ;'' and why !" Then as he walked he murmured, " Is it worth -while f" And when he reached home he said to his Cossack : "JłSsi, lay out my parade things tomorrow. I shall make aTjsit." ^e Oopnte^s Arcon wps ion the point of making a tonr of her field, when she heard the bell announcing a visitor. It seemed to ung likfi »«ajl for help-m the ears of the mistress.- "Poor Aunt Odescali and poor visitor," she murmured, and turned .back from tlie hedge-gate to the front steps. There-she found lieutenant Stemfeld: She bowed,, but stood still instead of entering die house. The beauty of the day might be her excuse, though her reception was not cordial. - He stood before her »as before, his general, and said, ceremoniously i . " ifadamela comtesse, -I havecome to pay you my respe* How beautiful youręaikis It was a beginning, and they walked together along the gravelled patŁ and aroundthe tountain inifeemtof meŁoSise He answered more than ie talkod, but she felt conversational witŁ Inm in spite of herself. Shę Showed iuin the iwo pavilions that her husband's parentehad liuilt, and .spoke of her own cłutóisU fftyi^ow. p. A . " Yes," te replied, V^soulL Js irrepres able It IB past and gone, ond -we give it np, but it always seems to be standing tohind us. to keep' a soft hand o^our shoulder, and its sweet mouth says, ' Thank God for me. " "Ah, I like -you alnrr cried ffiasa- ''youwouldlookonfliosopoormuBKaanB of yesterday with different eyce to-day. Yob are ewe of4ho6e peoj>le oft wliotu the VPflt^Pr^Mttyraatiimueace. likeplwtB, Do you think so, countesq"?.' he att Bwered, nath a sA^i ^ftmnćr of a smile. But it vxis ą smOe. "I fhiak jtra are mistaken. Every heart -lorigs fer joy and gladness; thare is none tjh&fin3s; pleasure in róelimcKoly only because the wcafiher chflJiges. ' The sunshine or storm that makes our souls light Or dark is within-us, and not easily altered by foreo of WiiL" "If people haVe' heavy burdens to bear," said the counters, " they must not isolate themselves ; they must seek checrful people and try to lead a chcerful life, else tiiey will find existence poor and wretched." 'Do you mear.mel" he asked, softly. ' "Yes" she returned, heartily. Pardon me, but I think you arc a little unsympathetic and unsociable. Of course it consents no one, least of all a'woman; but I am not a woman — I orn a neighbour." ° He answered her smile, and there was something like gratitude in his glance and the light that came into his foce Eke a winter sun en a snow-field. " Have you never-heard, countess," he asked, slowly, " of « woman who in a time of epidemie avoided her own child, and sliut thio door on her weeping treasure ?—who died alone, without a hand to wipe the death-damp fronvher brow, that she might save her child of infection ? Or say that a man knows he is poisoned through and through—that the touch of his hand, the breath of his lips will bring his own enrse on others—will he not say to those who love him, 'Buck'? Or, rather, will he not ovoid every opportunity to love, when he know» that his love will bring destruction to its object ? Or, take a wretched vngnvnt on whom rests the curac of some crime, and who expects every day to foel the hand of ignominy ell his shoulder; let some loving being — a friend, a wifo, a brother—open the door o' n home to 1'iin on his weary march, •.variQ as the hearth may glow, soft as the lamp may burn, lovingly ai the lips may smile, will he enter to bring his curse across that threshold ? No !" "Perhaps not" said Elsie Arcon ; "but what courage, to ba wretched, dying, and to push away the hand tiat .would succor! But where have you learned that dreaiy way of looking at life ? Is not this earth beautiful ? Look at the roses. See how the sun sends pearly lights across the spray in the fountain. Is it not glorious } Is it not bliss to be alive ?" 'Whocould say no to you?" he answered with sinning eyes and a faint tremuloHaness of the lip. " You fill every one that hears you with your joyin life. It is a blessed gift, and one that scatters blessings. Cod protect you from all sad- She blushed, but without embarrassment, and Vheir eyes met. When the glance of two pure and noble souls meet and hold each other, a moment of restful pause from the storm of life comes to both, even if what the world call love never has existed between them and never is to exist. Sho only thought how glad she was that at last he seemed happy. Suddenly something seemed to separate l'im from her, -as if a horrible recollection swept over his souL' Ho turned deadly pale, his mouth grew distorted, but only for a second; then he regained his selfcontrol, the terrible quiet that she had just succeeded in breaking. Spirits maylook so when they hover over the cradle of an orphan child and hear the cock crow. "I quifce forgot," he said, presently, "that lam under orders to-day,and must go back. Pardon me for having trespassed on your time so long, madame. . Had she dreamed that this apathetic statue that spoke so mechanically and moved so wearily had been but a moment before a thinking, feeling human being 1 No. As she looked after him, Elsa said to herself that he was no misanthrope, he was not unfeeling, he was only mortally tired. He had a heart. A few days afterward there was a fair in one of the great market towns, and .Elsa Arcon, with her Aunt Odescali and eight or ten friends from the neighboring;; estates, drove over in a party to look on. Late in the afternoon they set out for home, but the evening was so lovely that it seemed a pity to separate, and what pleasanter than to accept the invitation of the pretty Countess Arcon, and have supper and .spend the night at Castle Lancut? ..After supper, .as the moonlight was brilliant, 'they all went out on the terrace, where the night air was heavy with the perfume rof flowers. " It is just tlie hour to*listen to somefch'ng thrilling," said one of tlie ladies. " Who knowB a ghost story 1" " Or a murder story !" said another. ! "You always have a story ready, Dobski," cried one of the men to the freckled little count, the only officer present " Yes, I know a story, but not the sort you want. .'."It ib true, though; I have it on the best of authority." "Oh, tell it! When did it happen? Do we know the heroine ?" "That leannot say, but it happened about 's week ago in Paris. The lady's name was .Fielice Franois.^ Her father was a general in the. cavalry, and she was out of boaiding-EchpoL The old general, though he was much beloved by the army, was really rather a common sort of adventurer. Ae was -extovogant to the last degree, guzzlod champagne at breakfast, ana his wife was a milliner's doll, and nothing more. So ie went on dfibfcs, tłinu^i Łe knew ho never coi pay, and-eveiy one-lent because he gave hjs word of honor. But a day came when ho must either break, his word or go to the Jewp- • Well, he had a fnend, an old man, who said to him: 'I will pay your debts on condition that you sell me your daughter—I beg pardon—I mean that she will marry me.' So the -father spoke to hiB daughter, and she clung tothe old man willi both hands, and to secure silk dresses and diamonds for life she sold herself like a bale of goods." ' "Is that all the story ? ' said a Pohsh count "Ihere -is nothing ammujd..in ihSŁ"" • ' . . . • " Yes," grinned Count Dobski, " it is a very simple story, but suppose the heroine wore one of our friends f' '"Oh, it is too disgraceful!" cried the ladies.- - ' At last the moon set; and they separated for the night. As Dobski kissed his hostess's hand, she said: . _: .: '"Thank you, count, -for• entertaining my gucstsso kmdly whcn I was tired.',' •'Oh, countess, you flatter nie,", answered, modestly. But if he Ład seen her heart he": would have trembled, remorseless os ho ~wa». Early the next morning the guests assembled for fblAkfast aiid departure. "33ie lady «of the house sent her excuses. She had %aught cold on the terrace, and was unable to appear After the ®iests -were gone. Aunt Mima 'knocked door unfil'ehe opened ft, H&e; eyes were red, -Kith sleeplessness or ctying, as she said": "A little headache, auntie. I am better, thimk you." Then she went back to her chsSr, and sat down with her head in her hands, supposing her smiling sunt would go away. But suddenly she felt Aiint Mona's hand on her shoulder, and heard he say: '' Elsa, I will tell you what is the matter. Will you listen T' . Elsa stared at her. The stereotyped smile' had gone from her face, and her eyes were dim with tears ; and she spoke distinctly, thoBgli slow and heavily: " You wonder to hear mo talk, and to know that I can think. A veil seemed to fall from my mind not long ago, and my head began to live again. But it was hard for me to talk, so I kept still, and 1 heard people say such evil things, that I did not care to open iny mouth to them. But you never laughed at me, Elsa, and I must speak to you, for yon are unhappy. That foul-mouthedman wounded you to the heart yesterday, and you are alone. I can only comlort comfort you, nothelp you ;you must find a friend to do that. You'liave one in your heart, and lie is brave, but you would never call him, so I have sent for him, and he will bo here to- day- Who is he, do you ask } Could I mean any one ; but me man who this moment is riding to ' your door?" And she pointed to the j window, and tho man that Elsa Arcon saw ] was Lieutenant Stemfeld. ! She went down to receive him, and I motioned him to sit beside her. He said, j in liis weary yet courteous way, that she • had sent for him, and that he had come to ; know in what way he could be of service ; to her. She tried to answer with coldness and pride, but she looked at him and ; trusted him. "Pardon my sending for you," she an- i swered ; "I need a friend." j " Who has more friends than the Coun- j tess Arcon ?" . : " Friends who would like to be suitors. Do you think one of the men who come to j my.bouse, if I called on them in this way, j would not feel justified in taking advantage of it? Far that reason I sent for you." "For me i" | "Yes; because you are indifferent to 1 me as a woman, -because you are indifferent to the whole world, and because I [ feel that you are an honorable, mail." j She was almost as pale as he, as she coil- j tinued: "So, in this moment of my life when I need help, will you be my friend?" She seemed rather to confer than ask a favour. " Your friend," lie murmured. " It is a simple tiling that 1 ask you to do ; only to read this letter from my dead father on' the day of my marriage to General Arcon." " Countess, I cannot read your letter, I cannot.accept the honor of 3'our friendship, nor ask you to rely on my befriending you." She rose, with rage and shame. "Because 1 am not a dansciise!" she cried. " You know about that ?" His eyes were unnaturiUly large, and his lips grew as wliite as his chocks. She was frightened at what she had said, but her pride caiue back. " I have heard it." " That dmiscuse, madame la comtesse, I have never spoken to, never even seen," he said, with a return of his customaiy indifference to lier, to the world, to himself. "Prince Teko was her avowed lover. One evening at mess, when ho had been drinking, he gave an infamous description of his inamorata, with whom he had quarclled. I did not know the woman, but the tiling enraged me. I told tha" • prince my opinion of him. That was alL " She drew a long breath. "Can you pardon me ? I was hurt at you refusing t* defend me. And so the thing blew over?" His lips formed tlie word 'i Yes." " And you forgive me ?" "For what!" " I was afraid I had wounded you," she said, almost shyly. He made no answer, only took the letter, and said : " I am to read this J" .. " If you please." It ran as follows : " My dearly beloved Elsa: Will you, indeed, take this step ? Think that he is an old man, and you are still almost a chili True, he once did me a great service, and spared me a deep sorrow, but was lie not my old friend and companion in arms? Now that he is siek and alone he needs care, you say, and you will pay my moral debt and fetter your young life to a sick old man. Don't do it Elsa, 1 implore you. Arcon is no longer rich, and we are wealthy once more. We will make him one of ourselves, and teachhim to forget his pride, but not through your self-sacrifice. There is still time to say no, Elsa. Say it!" "I was an overstrung, eccentric girl," said Elsa, as he finished, " but I have hover regretted my step. I gave my father's benefactor a happy old age. The -world judges only by appearances, and yesterday a wicked man said wicked things of me to my face, without naming names. But how often will he name that at mess and in gossiping visits ? So all I ask is that a friend who is not a lover shall say with authority, ' It is not true.' Will you say that " Whatdo yourequire of me, countess?" he exclaimed. " If you only knew !" " What do I require !" she cried, in a stifled voice. ." Is it so much? Amlnot worth even a word ?" "Yes," he groaned. " You must not speak so. You are tearing my heart out. Pardon me for leaving you, countess—I am ilL You shall learn whether I can be your friend or undi-rtake this mission, but not now." ' His words rang in her ears, but he was gone. * * * * * * LiEGXENAXX S*EB5TELD TO THE COTTNTESS Augon. " Madame la Comzesse : I "do not know what I am to, say to you in this letter. I only know that I must tell you all tkit struggles iu nie. You will-take these woids for what they are, the cry of a heart that would give the last drop of its blood to spare you a sad moment, to win a smile from you, to linger for an hour by your side. I am younjg, my heart is full to overflowing, and I shall never see you again. From tho moment that you read these lines I shall have vanished from the world for you. Do not be angry that I dared riot accept the honor of beuig your brother. \ M.y unhappy fate forbids me to live'with life, to count upon to^ Morrow. - But one thing it dots not forbid—the courage and the power to tell you that I love you with tile first, holiest^ Mid oh, indeed, the -iast lo^e <if iny heart. I love ^oU with' -eveiy fibre of my being, with every thought of mysoul, with every piilse «fny body that in *few momenta is to moulder in the grave, where it has Ions been due. I love you unutterably. God bless you. Farewell forever. S."" * •* * + * 0t • A starless night hung over the Łańcut estates, oppressive, damp darkness, through which a woman • knocked nt-the lonely farili-houso whero LieutcnantSternfcld lived. The door whs opened by the man himself, with a light in his hand. She entered; her old servant, John Drim, stood on the steps outside.- TSic Couutcss Elsa Arcon pushed back the hood of her waterproof and said, as she stood within the threshold : " Lieutenant Stemfeld, you arc a wicked man." He placed his light on the window-sill with trembling fingers,only saying : "You here, countess?" and then stood with folded hands before her, as if she were a saint. But she looked at him with breathless anger. ; " You terrrified me te death by your ; letter. Heaven ba praised, you are here." " You were alarmed about' me ?" \ " Yes she answered, honestly, though the glance she gave him was indescribable f in its reproachand prido; " now it is over. I was alarmed about a human being in deep distress. I was stupid enough for that. ' No one ever cared for my grief." He caught her hand and held hor Erom going. Elsa, do not leave mo!" HAcried. I told you that I was wretohed, and you"'— " I ouly wished te tell yon to be brave," she struck in. " You have a wifo you do not love, or you are in love with some one ymi cannot marry, and you whimper like a child. Is that manly ?" " Love anyone but you ? I can bear it no longer ill this last hour when I must return to the grave in which X have beon lying for a vt-ar. Elsa, I dared not take or return lovo, because—I am a dead man'." She took a sudden step backwards and stared at him as if he was mad. " Yes," he continued, with his eyes fixed despairingly on lior face ;• "Have you never felt it ? Listen. I am only a ghost; to. morrow's sun must not see me on earth. Do you think I am mad 'i Listen. My parents were poor; I was always lonely and ambitious, and I would not dissipate my youth as other men do in my profession. 1 told you of my (juarrel with Prince Teko. A duel naturally followed, but our coloncl interfered and it was stopped, at least apparently: not realh-, however. As we could not light openly, we arranged a secret duel. We drew lots In tlie presence. of two witnesses, Dobski and Linski. The one on whom die lot fell was to die byliisown hand before the end of a year. It fell on me, and to- morrow is my last day. Why should I not have died before ? 1 could take care of my mother so much the longer; and I lived so liU« always work ing for my fortune. So I have lived my year, but how ! Day by daj T , hour by hour, death crept towards me. . I dared bind myself to 110 one. I must stamp out all longing for life and love. Then you came into my life, and I loved you. 3 saw hoaven, and dared not stretch out my hand toward it.; I Baw the highest blessing of lifeheldout to mc,andliadto dash it from my thirsting lips. I must die—and you stand before me the image of the beauty, glory, and blessedness of life, hopelessly lost to me." His eyes closed, and he fell full length before her, catching a fold of her dress in his fall. She sank beside him, took him in lier arms, and begged him, as if beside herself to say it was not true ; she cried that slie loved him, and how was it pos siblo for him to die when they could be happy? "It is well I took tlie poison before you came," lie said, at last; "now 1 should not have tlie courage." His eyes did not close again, but rested on her face with ail expression of unspeakable love. Slie saw tlie end was near, and neither spoke nor moved. Her lips received his last breath. The whole corps was at first, horrified at tho "legitimate" suicide of a brave com rade, who ail liqur before his death had written to the colonel sotting forth the reason, but they all declared he could not have done otherwise. The Countess Elsa Arcon withdrew with her poor aunt to some quiet Italian baths. The great world thought the countess was acting nobly in tending her •poor imbecile relative. They did not know it was the relative who was nursing a dying woman. For when the Spring came Elsa went out of life as a flame goes out. A maladie de languor, said the physicians. She was buried in the sweet Italian convent which she had endowed with her fortune, and in which Aunt Mona lingered out her last days, without a word and without a smile. — Translated from ihe German of E. M. Vaca.no by Helen Lake. 