A Frisky Grandpa. (From "Peck's Sa-.bsams.") 4 I C5i)TtRS?ATi> that your father is sick/ said a middle-aired man to another, astheyiwere lunching- a£ the dab one day of this week. * Getting pretty well along in years, isn't he ? 4 Tes,he is orer SO, and he knows more than any man I ever saw/ said the one addressed. 4 Ton can't *eU him anything.* * Well, that is nice. It must be pleasant to have a father who is so well posted. What does his great intelligence seem to run to? 4 Oh, everything/ said the son of his father. 4 He does not realise that he is over 25 years old, and he wants to do everything that he did when he was young- He weighs almost three honored, and gets around with a cane, and can't walk a block in an hour,, and yet the other day he took a notion he wanted to tide on horse tack, and ordered the coachman to saddle up one of the carriage horses. . I happened along just as he had climbed upon the woolshed to get on the horse, and I knew if he ever got" on that horse he would fall off and split wide open, so I tried to reason with him but he was mad and said I didn't want him to have any fan, and when I helped hizn down and talked pleasant to him, he cried, and said it was hard to have an undutifol son that would g» back on his father. Oh, he is in his second childhood, but he does not realise it. poor man. He used to skate about seventy years ago, and you couldn't make him believe he couldn't skate as well to-day. The coachman thinks the old man runs the hou^e, and he will do anything father says. The other day the family heard a crash up-stairs, as though the roof had fallen in, and they went up to grandpa's room and found him sitting on the door crying. He said he had fallen down in an epileptic St, and had been there two Honrs, and nobody had come to see what was the matter. He said he might die and nobody would care. 3Iy wife told him he must have been trying to do some thing unusual, but he said it was no such a thing. They called in the to help lift him, and then it was developed that father had on my son's roller skates, which he had induced the coachman to strap on his feet. When told that he was too old and fat to skate, he said he could skate just as well as he ever could, if we would let him alone, and not be so afraid he wonld have any enjoyment. Oh, it is a great trial to do right by hfmj because he thinks we do everything to spite him. He has no judgment about eating, and if we suggest that he ought nor to eat a certain thing, he thinks we are trying to starve him. and he will eat everything in"sight. During the watermelon and cucumber season it is a picnic. I don t know how he does it, bnt he discovers the first watermelon and cucumber of the e?ason, and for four months there is hardly a dip bnt he is doubled up like a jack knife "with cholera infantum. X don't sap as he en jovs cholera morbus, but I think he has an idea that "we don't want him to have cholera morbus, and so he has it to spite us. He map be tied up with a double bow-knot with cramps one dap. and the next dap when he opens on cucumbers, if I ask him if he don't think it is best to give his panjandrum a rest one dap and refrain from the encumber, he wiil be indig nant, and sap he don't want no fool bop to tell a rim of bis age what to eat: and when he is in the throes of death from eating such stuff, he will sap he can't imagine, for the life of bin, what has got into him to be sck so much, as he has always been healthy. If I allude to watermelon or cucumber, he will sap those things never hurt him, and he will lap it to some pie, or custard, or something, or sap he believes somebody wants to get rid of him, and he is hang slowly poisoned. He had rather die than take a bath. He seems to thinV rre want to drown him. He thinks everybody that calls comes to see him, end when the door bell rings he gets ready to go down to the parlour, and no maHgr who is there, he hobbles iu and shakes hands with everybody, and saps tbep are very kind to call on an old man who don't have any comfort. He chews tobacco, and he will go into the parloui when my wife has lady callers, and take off the top of the coal stove and spit in the reservoir, and complain of the unhandiness of these new-fashioned stoves, and talk about how handy old-fashioned fire-places used to be to spit in. Oh, sometimes be makes my wife wish he were dead, hut she is very kind to him. She kicked once last snmmsr, though. She has consented to his going about in his shirt-sleeves, because he hates to put on a coat, and he says that he always did go in his shirt-sleeve* and always will. But one day last rammer, when it was hot, he was in his room with nothing on but his shirt and drawers, when the hell rang, and some high toned ladies called about some church matter. The old gentleman was in a hurrv. for fear they would get away before he could find out what they were talking about, so be grabbed his cane and came limping down stairs. Hp wife beard him, and spoke verj-1 pleasantly, saying : ' Come right/in", grandpa To say that grandpa c^'/r.ght m wcnld not be enoogb. Ife loorrjy np ;n the parlour door, like a ghost,/fitb » «mil» on Mb iwtip fnn«Vm*Jorf on hi# face and some mnsfatnelon ua under jaw, and said, &* he walked up to a dignified hAy who was near-fight/d: 4 Wall, wall, I am glad to'aee jouS I fuppoae xnr "wife came near going into a conniption fit. Poor Qld pan, he had been in rash a huny he had forgotten his pants.- He -didn't-know what "1*4^1 the ladies adjourn so quick, but when they were gone, and my wife began to. give him a piece of her mind, a good big piece, he admitted that perhaps he was wrong in coming downstairs that war, bat he cried, and there didn't anybody want him around at alb ' and then my wife felt sorry for him and petted himt and he went back to his room to brood over ht< wrongs. I suppose we have all got to grow old some time, out X don't never want lo be so old that I will go down to the parlour to see company without any pants on. Do you P 4 2*o,' said the listener, 4 and X don t want to mi myself eating cucumbers ;* and ; the lunch being over the two middle-aged mea_put on their coats ana .vent out.— -Miltcattlee Sun. 