AMUSEMENTS. LIEDEHTAFEL PICNIC. Tho singing members of the Metropolitan Liodertafcl with their conductor, Mr. J. Ash- croft Edwards, and their honorary pianist, Mr. Oharles Huenerbciu, had a day's outing ou outuruay at Hunter s licacti, lUiuuie i-iaroor. Tho ouly guests were Mr. Julius Hcrz, con ductor of tho Melbourne Metropolitan Licder- tafel, and Mr. E. Lewis Scott. On arriving at Hunter's Beach cricket and rounders were in dulged in, but the chief interest centred in a tug-of-war, in which the basses signally de feated the tenors. Harmony restored, tho lunch was attacked, and Mr. Hcrz spoke a few words of kindly encouragement to tho society which had, ho said, an excellent conductor in Mr. Edwards, aud just the sort of good material necessary for true liedertafel work ; but suc cess could ouly be attniued by a sound esprit de corps aud hard continuous work. Ilo ended by proposing "Success to the Sydney Metro politan Liedertafel." In reply Mr. Edwards aud Mr, Beaver traced the origin and diffi culties of the new society, and expressed confi dence that it would yet take a front place in liedertafel matters. To the toast of "Our Guests," proposed by Mr. Whalley, Mr. E. Lewis Scott responded, deprecating the intro duction of an orchestra iti proper liedertafel work. After more games the " boys" set sail for home, singing all the way. "The Moon has raised her Lamp" being splendidly sung by Messrs. Fushell and Clancy. 44 Tho Return" was sung iu compliment to Mr. Scott who in return sang several of his original comic songs. Kuuning in and out of the various bays, the happy contingent serenaded tho inhabitants. They snug "Absence." at which Mr. Hcrz ex pressed himself dcliglitcd. The St. Leonards Saturdny evening popular entertainments, inaugurated some three months back, have been most successful, aud the efforts of tho committee (although not crowned with monetary success, the admission being placed so low to reach the masses), have been most ably sccondedby a number of amateurs, residents chicliy of St. Leonards. On'Saturday evening the Black Diamond Minstrels made their second appcarauce to a crowded hull, aud obtained a most enthusiastic recognition at the hands of the audience. The annual entertainment of the Rvdc Pablic School took place on Friday evening. The large room was crowded to excess, and many were unable to gain admittance. Mr. Edward Terry occupied the chair. The pro gramme cousisted of throe overtures by the School Fife and Drum. Band, four choruses, five pianoforte solos, three duets, one recita tion, six school chorus, one school simultaneous recitation, oue highest-class debate ("Has tho stage a moral tendency"), and the National Anthem. Before sitigiug the National Anthcni, Master Lewis Henry was the recipient of a beautiful iukstand and writing-desk from tho hands of Mrs. Darvall, bought by the pupils prior to his leaving t\ie school aud going into training iu Sydney as a teacher. The proceeds of the entertainment aro to be devoted to the purchase of prizes. A circus manager has (writes a Now Zealand correspondent) got into a curious fix at Auck land. fryer's circus troupe arrived from Sail Franciscoand intended givingsome performances in Auckland prior to leaving for Sydney. As, however, there ia a prohibition against the im portation of American stock, the authorities re fused to allow the circus horses aud other animals to laud, and they have been lying in quarantine for a considerable time, unable to go back to San Francisco, or to proceed to Sydney, where they would also be placed in quarantine. The case appears to bo a very hard one, as it cost tho proprietor > £600 to briug his troupe from San Francisco. "Pinafore " will not bo played at the Theatre Royal after Thursday, and the opera coutaius so many pretty numbers that it should draw well for the last thrco nights. On Friday Miss Alice Rees will take her benefit in " Patience," and ou Saturday 44 lolauthc " will be revived for a few nights. 44 The Naked Truth " was again performed at the Opera House last night before an appre ciative audience, when the pretty scene by Mr. Clint iu the secoud act, "On the banks of the Thames," raised a murmur or admiration. On Thursday afternoon the Fraternity of Mutual Imps will give a grand matinee per formance at the Opera House, for which tickets may be bought at Mr. Nicholson's musical warehouse. The last three nights of Brought to Justice" is announced at the Gaiety Theatre, where, on Friday, "Hamlet" will bo produced for one night'ouly. On that ocaisiou the cast will be as follows : — Hamlet, Mr. Dnnipicr ; Polonius Mr. B. N. Jones ; Laertes, Mr. Alfred Booth- man ; Horatio, Mr. G. Mackenzie ; Roscncrautz, Mr. D. Drayton ; Gildurstein, Mr, J. Stark ; Claudius, Mr. Harry Stoneham ; Osric, Mr. H. Percy; and Mareellus, Mr. J. Thorpe. Mr. E. llolloway will play the " Ghost," aud Mr. Ed ward Leston the first gravedigger ; whilst Miss Julia Morton will appear as the Queen, aud Miss Kathcrine Russell as Ophelia. Entirely new scenery has been painted, and tho patronage of the Governor secured. The last night of Acis and Galatea are an nounced at thu Olympic theatre, which was crowded last night. The mauaguineut has se cured a very eanablc musican and violinist in the person of Mr. Rivers Allprcss, and tho orchestra is efficient. With incidental dances friskly given, and tho clover little piece by Mr. Will Simpson, to keep up the fun, the tlicatre should do well untill Saturday, when Don Juau Juu will be produced. On Saturday the ltickards-Lccto combination will appear at the Academy of Music when an entirely new company, including Mesdeiuoisellos Kate Leetc, Nellie Wilson, Daisy Simpson, Ada Juneeu aud other artists, including Mr. Harry Rickards. Thu compauy will opeu with Bric-a- brac. " Fryer's Circus " opens to-morrow night in the large tent iu Boluioro Park, when an un usually various collection of trained animals will take part in thu performance. Tho com pauy hails from America, ami boasts of an un usually large stable. Twenty- Jive ponies, with clever dogs and learned goats, will display their wit and lino manners ; competent artists will assist and a hiirhlv novel and diverting enter- tainment is promised. Cottier's "People's Concerts" drew a big house last night, in spite of the rain, the Pro- testaut Hall Compauy having been strongly ami judiciously reinforced. Johnny Cowan, and upwards of a score of comedians aud variety artists entertain the audience here every Saturday aud Monday night, aud have firmly established themselves iu popular favor. At tho Masonic-hall the " Anglo-Australian Com bination" will give an cnturtaiiimcut of a kin dred nature every Saturday. A grand concert will lie given at the Young Men's Christian Associatiou-hall to-uight, when Belirend's cuutata " Singers from the Sea" will be the principal item oh the programme. Thu proceeds of the concert will be devoted to the building fuiid, and success should be assured with such artists as Miss Grace Mountain, Mrs. Innes, Mrs. J. Wheeler and Miss Cromacc. At the Australian Waxworks, opposite the Cathedral, the " Fat Baby " may bo commended to our readers as a veritable lusus nature. For tunately, however, not in the direction of fat mil tv<« tiwliiwt lYt tlntilr tlfif ft liAlfnr fSHn for tho child would be " The Australian Baby Giant." The child, which is only tou mouths old is unusually tall, handsome and well made. His dimensions to dato are as follows : — Height, 8ft.; total weight, 561b.; chest measurement, 35in.; arm, 9iu.; thigh, 19in.: calf, I2in. The parents are well-looking people, but of ouly middle height, and as the forefathers on neither side have been above the usual height, the extraordinary size of their child is the more remarkable. " Tho waxworks should also be visited. The Parramatta Town-liall was crowded with visitors on Thursday and Friday evening last, on the occasion of u floral bazaar in aid of St. John's Sunday-school. Tho different stalls were beautifully decorated with flowers, pro fusely exhibited in every direction. In addition to the efforts of the fair stall-holders behind, young hulies in every part of the room be sieged visitors with pathetic appeals to pur chase small bouquets or " button-holes." The St. Joliu's choir assisted with some very nice glees, aud several ladies aud gentlemen of more than average musical ability gave vocal ami in strumental solos. Amoug the bestf of tho latter was a song, 44 The Miller and tho Maid," giveii by the sister of a local cricketer. Most of the stall-hplders and visitors were tastefully dressed. It would have been difficult to select a hello from so many worthy of admiration, but most people seemed to Miiitlc that distinction duo tea very pretty girl in cream nun's veiling with black velvet, the daughter of a lady who pre sided at a stall noted for the exhibit of a beautiful Maltese Cross. A young lady in brown cashmere, from Smith-street, tho young est of three sisters, aud who boars the name of the liouse flhe lives in, looked exceedingly charming as she went about endeavoring to make sales from a basket of flowers. Two ladies from Granville looked attractive in green cashmere und figured Indiau muslin, and three Bisters from Harris Park, formerly from Keuip- soy, the two elder in cream Indian muslin aud the youngest, a pretty little girl iu light blue, had many admirers. The musical friends of Mr. E. Wallace, tho blind evangelist from Victoria, gave that gentle man a benefit concert last evening ut the Temperance Hall, Newtown. Mr. J. fc>. Iluth- nauco (conductor), Mr. W. Caley (accompanist), togother with a number of ladies and gentle men from several city and suburban church choirs, rendered .a very pleasant selection of vocal and instrumental music. If the pro gramme was rather ambitious, the audience cer tainly was good-natured, and appreciated the entertainment throughout. The chorus, which possessed considerable volume, showed at their best in Sullivan's "Jubilate." The choruses of "Awake! Awake!" (Burnhain) and the hymn of tho "Fisherman's Children," (Zanipa) 'ami "Tho jJrils" (Jubilee Singers) were well received. Tlio solo, " How Willing my Paternal Love" (Handel), and " Polly," a ballad, were sung by Mr. J. liriggs, who won hearty auplausc. " Jock and I " was given as an encore. A repetition of tho concort is com tcmplutcd at Hand wick at an early dato. 