ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE, j PROTECTION v. FEEE TEADE. I (To the Editor of the Maitland Mercury.) -..?«?? C<1-i. l,"" SIB!-In your issue of 21th inst., Mr* SKoe,; nas .favoured me with a reply, in which he takes great pains and much space to refute a remark of minc, which lus own bewildered fancy has conveniently misunderstood. Perhaps, however, from too much study of the question, he has got into what is described as a " delightful stato of obfuscation." Your correspondent seems to be favoured with a happy knack of twisting statements to suit him- self, as ho quotes an extract from a letter in the Herald (in which the writer supposes a case relative to wheat), and Mr. Skeet treats the matter as seriously as though it were the manifesto of the Government, and cries out "boah," "trash," and the like. What I wrote was plain enough, and no intelli- gent reader could misconstrne the meaning of the sentence. I said that " if the protectionists led by nien who would make the question a convenient stepping stone to Parliament, had their way, then wo would bo forced to the extreme of protection," »lhiding to the fact of men of no ideas taking up what they consider a popular cause to assist their own ends in their endeavours to enter Parliament by what means they can : Surely no slur on mem- bers of Parliament is contained in that state- ment. Perchance I am not tho only man who uses a boomerang unawares ; and far from thinking it a disgrace to bo an M.L.A., I consider it a worthy Utnbition for each and every colonial to aspire to a seat in the Legislature. Mr. Skeet says, " The coal miners are aware that protection would benefit, not injure, them." But if colonial products are protected, the cost to the consumer is greater ; where then is the benefit of protection ? Certainly not to that much quoted personage "the working man." Protection means fortunes to the manufacturer, and low wages and high prices to tha workmen ; free trade means high wages, cheap commodities, abundant, and, what is as important, steady and regular employment for the employe. No doubt the statements of the protectionists appear very plausible in print; but when they come to be analysed by the light of calm reasoning, the" advantages to bo gained, like Banquo's ghost, fade away into air. My motto is-" The greatest good to the greatest number," and I maintain that only under a system of free trade can such a result be obtained. If protection is such a boon to farmers, how is it that the South Australian farmers have formed a free trade league ? Perhaps because being patriots they are loth to become millionaires under the banner of protection. Mr. Skeet states that the great influx of people to this colony has been the result of drought in the other colonies, and bewails the fact of our having no Press writers such as write for the Australasian, Argus, &c.; ; but if ho reads the papers he would have noticed that a number of the fore- most writers in Victoria have been induced to ac- cept positions on the Sydney Press : that is not the result of drought. However, this is outside the question. Eecent events show that in the much lauded United States protection has not been the cause of unqualified prosperity, the shipping trado especially being in a bad state, which will be seen by the two following short extracts clipped from late American papers, showing the natural outcome of too much protection : " The shipping interest is in a deplorable state ; hundreds of unchartered craft are moored to the docks. Freights are expected to go much lower in tho next two years." And again : " Eecent reports show that the balance of trade with Brazil is largely against the United States. Americans buy forty million dollars' worth of Brazilian goods against ten millions American goods sold to that country." Hore is a nut for somebody to crack. Mr. Skeet concludes his letter by saying that "the free trade newspapers and correspondents , . . imagine the people will still continue to be an abject, apathetic, want of backbone slaves." I say it is not " the people" who are crying out for pro- tection, but a few stump orators and others, who trade on the question as a means of obtaining a cheap notoriety. My spare time is too limited to continue a con- troversy in your columns, and were it otherwise I Bhould be indisposed to abuse your courtesy in placing so much space at the service of correspond- ents, and which can have little effect in the settle- ment of tliis vexed question. Thanking you for the space already given, I am, sir, yours, &c;, H. DAVID WILLIAMS. Sydney, September 28. 