THE EAST-END TRAINING INSTITUTE FOR MISSIONARIES. A DRAWING-ROOM meeting, at which fifty or sixty ladies and gentlemen were present by invitation, was held on Wednesday afternoon last at North Adelaide, when Dr. H. Grattan Guinness gave some account of the origin and work of the East-end Training Institute for Missionaries, nnder the care of his father, the Rev. H. Grattan Guinness. Dr. Guinness said that when his father first came right out for Christ he began in Dublin a class for the study of Paley's Horse PauliDoc. Amongst the young men who attended this class were Dr. Barnardo and others. Subsequently, Mr. Guinness desired to go as a missionary to Patagonia and to China, but was prevented no doubt by the Holy Ghost from carrying out his intention. He then thought that if he could not go to the mission field himself he would assist to send others. Accordingly, thirteen years ago, he 6tarted a Missionary Institute in the East-end of London. This was first situated in Stepney, and was subsequently removed to Harley House, Bow. There they now had a college with one hall capable of seating 600 persons, and a smaller hall which would hold 300. The building had been so arranged that the students dormitories, which were also used as studies, opened out of the large hall and gallery. This college stood in the midst of one of the finest old gardens in the East of London. They also had a house in the country, where they sent those students who broke down in health to recruit. There were in London and England many young men who were willing to go out as missionaries, bat who were destitute of the necessarjeducation. To assist such men was his father's aim. All who answered satisfactorily the preliminary questions, and whose references were satisfactory, were admitted on trial for a month; these were about one in ten of those who applied. During the month their capacity for acquiring languages and for speaking, was tested, and if they were tound to have the Spirit of God, they were taken into the institution permanently —these were about eight out of thirteen of those taken on trial. The institution was.unsectarian and men of twelve or twenty different nationalities had at different times been trained for longer or shorter periods within its walls. Amongst these were Taylor, McArthur, and Cameron, of the China Inland Mission and others. Men had gone from the institute to Africa, India, China, the South Seas, and Australia. The case of Alexander Riddle was mentioned. He was a young Scotch ploughman, who heard of the institute, and walked from Aberdeen to London to enter it. After being there for a time he was accepted as agricul- tural labourer in the Presbyterian mission to Lake Nyanza, Central Africa. Riddle was the first to acquire the language. He left the plough, and was entrusted with the instruction of the children. He reduced the language of the region to writing, translated portions of the Scripture, and returned to England to superintend tbe printing of the translation. The Congo mission was founded by his father, and twenty stations had been established on that river, from the sea to Stanley Pool. The banks of the Congo had been watered by the blood of the missionaries, and each station had cost at least one life, but for each one who fell twenty had volunteered to take his place. The Henry Reed, a mission steam launch, the gift of the widow of the late Henry Heed, of Launceston, had been constructed in sections, carried beyond the cataracts to Stanley Poo!, put together there, and by its means the missionaries had penetrated to the equator, where a ^Station had been established. This mission, which had proved too great a burden for his father, had been taken over by the American Baptists, who were carrying it on with vigour, and the whole of the Congo Free State was now open to missionary efforts. This State was as large as India, and contained fifty millions of inhabitants. In addition to the Training Institute aD evangelistic mission was carried on in the East-End, in Bergher Hall, a building capable of seating 1,000 persons. There was also an organisation for the relief of the starving poor, whose earning per head, after paying rent, did not exceed three-sevenths of a penny. His sister and some other ladies also conducted a night school for working men, in MildmayHall. The financial bnrden of this work rested chiefly, Dr. Guinness said, upon his mother, whose health had given way under the strain. He also said that they were not accustomed to ask for financial help, but there seemed to be such a mine of wealth in Adelaide, and if any were disposed to assist in the good work, either Mr. C. H. Goode or the Hon. David Murray would be happy to receive and forward contributions. 