T N T O L E R: A N C E. By Db. Talmage. ' Then said they unto him, Gay now Shibboleth, and -he said Sibboleth, for he could not frame to pro nounce it right. Then they took him and slew him at the passages of Jordan.' — Judges xii., 6. Dd you notice the difference of pronuncia tion between Shibboleth and Sibboleth ? A very simll and unimportant difference, you say. And yet that, difference was the difference between life and death for a great many people. The Lord's tribes, Gilead and Ephraim, got into a great fight, and Ephraim was worsted, and on the retreat oame to the fords of the Biver Jordan to cross. But hbw were they to find oat who were Ephr&imites; when the order was given that all Ephraimites Bbould. be slain when they came Up to the fords of the Jordan? They were detected by the pronunciation. Shibboleth was a word that stood for river. Thp.n. when thn iSnhraimitea oama — — — — j " — wvu#y bUV fords to cross, as they had a brogue of their own, when they tried to say Shibboleth they left dot the sound of the (h,' and they were immediately .detected.; and when it .was asked that tbey say Shibboleth, they said Sibboleth, and were slain. Then said they onto htm, say now Shibboleth, and he said Sibboleth, for he could not frame to- pro nounce It right. Then they took him and slew him at the passages of Jordan.' A very small difference you say, between Gilead and Ephraim, and yet how much intolerance about that small difference ! The Lord's tribes in our time, by which I mean the different denominations of Christians, sometimes magnify a very small 1 difference, and the only difference between scores of denominations to-day is . the difference between shibboleth and sibboleth. . I propose to speak of severe sectarianism or bigotry, its origin, its evils, and its cure A great many suppose that this monster with horns and hoofs is religion. I shall ohase it into its hiding-place and drag it ont into the broad sunlight,, aqd you can examine it and abhor it for yourselves. You mast make a marked distinction between bigotry and a lawful fondneBg for any especial religious' belief and form of worship: I have no sympathy with a nothingarian, In a world of such tremendous vicissitude and tempta-. tion, and with a soiil that "must appear before a throne of insufferable brightness on a day when the rocking of' the mountains, and the flaming Of the heavens, and the upheaval of the sea. will' be the very least of the excitements, to answer for every thought, word, action, preference, and dislike, that man is mad who has mo religious preference. bus eariy education, pnysicai temperament, mental constitution, will do very inoch toward deciding the form of worship and the style of belief. The kind of psalmody that you might f like wonld displease me. Oae m&u; prefers a minister of religion in gown and bands and surplice, and another prefers to have him appear -in plain citizen's apparel. One man is most impressed when the child is held at the altar and sprinkled 'in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of +he Holy Ghost,' aud another is more impressed when the candidate comes up, his garments dripping with the waters of this baptism which signifies . the washing aw y of sin. Have it votir own way. et every man be fully persuaded in his own mind. On Oxford street we. have a very quiet neigh bourhood. Every man on our street likes his own home the best, but still we have excellent neighbourhood. I have no idea that . I will Advantage my home by disturbing somebody else's home. None of my neighbours, have any idea they will build up their home by disturbing mine. So it ought to be in the Gbnrch of God, every man preferring his' own religious belief, bis- own form of Worship" to other forms, but still a kindly sympathy with all Christians. Grand and eloridua brotherhood ! Neighbour- hood. Peace on earth, good will to men George Whitfield preached in a gown, and he was one day quite roughly going over a Quaker for his broad- brim, and the Quaker said : ' George, I am as thou art. I am for bringing all men to the hope of the Gospel ; therefore, fthouwilt not quarrel with -me about my broad foim, I will not 'quarrel with thee about thy black gown. George, give me tby hand.' Now, when 1 come to speak of the origin of severe Sectarianism or bigotry, 1 find that it very o ten starts in wrocg educa tion in thn home circle. There are parents who think it no wroug to jeer at other de nominations of Christians, and caricature their services, and laugh about this and laugh about that in the .presence of their children. It often has jdst' the opposite effect from that which was intended. . I could call by aamo ministers of religion whose names arc familiar to you. mn of other days, who spent most of their lives bombarduig certain denominations of Christians. They lived to see their sone - preacbing the gospel in those very ehurcbes that they assaulted. Children in the family having heard so much attack upon a de nomination,- aftfr a woile coming up to bn their own masters, obme over and look at -his denomination, find in it good men, honest men. pure men. useful men. and by ths very reaction establish themselves in that very' denomination. But -sometimes the bigotry planted in the soul stays in the soul, and there are thousands of bigots ten years of age. Sectarianism or bigotry ia also a ooneequenca of the too great prominence of. a denomina tion id a neighbourhood or city. The man comes thinkoad&e; fait denomination has the most wealth, or the i uiosti /popularity, or the most friends.it must be the only denomina tion. Be talks about our church, aud ' our minister, and ' our ' cboir. and ' our ' invita tion's, and with a toss of the head want- other denominations to know their place. It is a grand and healthy thing when all the de nominations march shoulder to shoulder and in about equai strength for the bringing of. this world to God, and it is not at all to be desired that any one denomination of j Christians shall swallow op the other de- I nominations. Still oftener, I think, bigotry is born of ignorance. Men of large culture are cot tempted much in that direction. It is tbe man who thinks he knows a great deal, but dees not. That man is sure to be a bigot. He gets just enough religion to chain him. hamper him, incarcerate him, for all hh life. . In the f-ir East there was an oteli k. Travellers went from all partB of the earth to look at it. On one side it was white, on another side was green, and on another side it wes blue. -Some travellers came, and they were wearied by their long journey, and each looked at one side of it and dep' xteo® Years afterward, they met and were in a gre: t wrangle about the colour of that obelisk. One said it was white, another said is was green, another said it was blue. An intelligent traveller came up and said : « Gentlemen, stop this quarrel ; you are all right and yr.u are all wrong. I walked all around it You saw onlv one side of it/ Alaa fnr flu, tvt AW IrLa I — vwns iiAcii i wuu sees only one side of any truth, one side ®f any doctrine, Pone side of any form of worship ! Let ns walk all round and study these great themes of God and eternity, the dead, from all sides. But alas 1 for that roan has only one idea, no more, no less. Better vacuity overthrowing a physical theory that an entire vacuum is impossible than one idea wander ing through the desert of a man's brain — just one, no mare, no less. One idea. Bnn up your schools and colleges and universities. They will be the death ot bigotry. Bigotry is an owl of tbe night, flitting through fhe dark ness, making its rocsfc in the belfries cf rained churches. Now, my friends. I want to speak of the best modes to destroy bigotry. The firet is an appreciation of our own weakness D you not think, if we make so many mistake? in regard to our own condition In worldly things, we may make miejndgment in religion8 things? If we make mistake in regard to affairs of this world, do yon not think we might make mistake in regard to the affairs of tbe "soul? Therefore, I say, an appreciation of on own weaknass onght to destroy this feeling of bigotry and sectarianism. Moreover, I think we will overthrow such a feeling by enlarging npon the points in which we agree rather than up .r- tboee in whiob we disagree. I will take fifty people belonging to as many different denominations of Christians, and bring them into one room and say, « Brethren, do you believe in God 4 Yes.' ' So do 1/ Do you ' believe in the Lord Jesus Christ as a Saviour ?' Yes.-' So do I.' 'Do you believe in the power of the Holy Ghost ?' ' Yes.' Sc do 1/ 1 Do yon believe in the importance of a holy lllfi v1 v OQ ' ,1 t ' ' waii haliatfa «n W JUU UUIiUTU in charity and kindness and love and sympathy ? 4 Yes.' 4 So do I.' 4 Do you want to help to make the world better? 4 Yes.' 4 So do I. ' 4 Do you wish that all sorrow and sin were banished? 'Yes.' 4 So do 1/ A thousand things in whioh we agree; why dwell upon those things in which we differ ? We will also overthrow this spirit of bigotry and severe sectarianism by dwelling upon the noble men and the noble instit ntiin-s whioh the different denominations have furnished. One denomination gav9 us Robert Hall and Adonir&m; Judson. Another gave us John Wesley and the blessed SnmmerfHd. Oar own denomination gave us Jonn Knox and tne aiexamaers men of whom rne world was not worthy. All the denominations cf Christians have furnished noble men aud great institutions. New, that thought thrills me through and through. Churches that have established such institutions and sent forth snob men cannot have anything very bad about them. Moreover, we may also overthrow the feeling of severe sectarianism by joining other denominations in Christian work. I like when the springtime comes and the anniversary occasions begin, and ell the denominations come upon tbe samenlatform. That overthrows sectarianism. In the Young Men's Christian Association, in" the Bible Society, in the Tract Society, in the Foreign Missionary Society, sbo-ilder to shoulder, all denominations. I might give you a mere remarkable illustration by calling to" your mind something that occurred ten years ago. About 2 o'clock on a Monday morning, tbe 900 passengers sound asleep in their berths, the steamer Atlantic struck Mar's Head. Five hundred sonls in ten minutes in eternity. What rushing up and down the gangways and clutching in vain -for the rigging, snd the plunge of tbe Bteamer, and the clapping of the bands of the merciless sea over the dead and drowning of two continents. But look at this quartermaster in a boat going out to fetch people away from ths wreck. Look at these, fishermen gathering up the shipwrecked as far as they oould. and taking them into their oabins, and wrapping them up In blankets snug and warm. Look at that -minister of the Gospel getting into a lifeboat with three other men, and pulling across the snrf, and saving one mora man, and bringing hipi to the shore Do you suppose thc«e rescuers ever forgot that scene, or that they evor get in a contest on any possible subject? No; by the memory of common hardship, common strggo-fe, common achievement, they mst he brothers for tver, and, thongh they should meet at the of ' ths earth, how kindly they really feel toward i each other. Well, my friends, tbe world bas I been in a worse shipwreck. Sin drove it on : the rocks. For 6 000 years it has been tossed in the storm. O it with the lifeboat. I do not care wbat denomination carries it. Out with the lifeboat. I do not care what denomination rows it. The memory of oemmon prayers, and common tcarB| and common struggles, and common Christian achievement must make as brothers for ever. One army of the living- God. To His command we bow ; Part of the host have crossed the flood, And part are crossing now. And I expect to Bee the day when all j denominations of Christians Bhall join hands | around the cross of Christ and recite the creed, 1 believe in God tbe Father Almighty, M %ker of heaven and earth, and in Jesus Christ, and in the communion of saints, and in the life everlasting.' May Gcd inspire us all with the largest-hearted Christian charity. " 