ttUR PARIS LETTER. (iTrom out own Correspondent.) Paris, February 21. The French journals now indulge in imaginary i-ejoicings, that the " fit" on the part of the English nation to do terrible things, consequent on the Khartoum treaohery is passing away ; that she commences to peroeive what the redeeming of her prestige would en tail with the European Powers—a Tooley-street tailors kind of homily. The-very worst predictions are more than likely to . be realized if England Has not the nerve to screw her courage to the height of her duty. All the Powers, and especially France, count Upon the timidity, the hesitations, the absense of a clear programme and its plucky executions, respecting the two Egypts question, on the part of the English Government, and the opposi tion just as well. '' Oh, for one hour of blind old Dandol!" If it be the fate of Britain to succnmb, fault of " daring pilots in extremity," at least ltet her die game. Something is wrong about the Soru tiii de Lists project. Intrigue has so enveloped the bill in its coils that it runs the chance of'being strangled. It •would secure, did: it become law in time, greater independence for deputies elected for the coming new Parliament, but this does not exactly imply securing. A superior class, of men. The truth is, the Republic, has generated no statesr men, only a crop of mediocrities, in flated like the- frog and bull fable, with the ideas of their own. importance, and too. vainto.stoop to.self- educatioh. They consider that . .legislative, knowledge,.' like Dogberrj's reading and writing, came by nature. Jules Ferry is. the ordy celebrity after Gambetta; he vtould long since have disappeared, only for his tenacity and crocodile-hide sen sitiveness to atrooious attacks. Per haps the second celebrity is' CHemencean," but he' can never rise to office till he " cuts his tail," and then he will: fall, as certainly as did Gambetta, and in, the same fashion. The Senate/has, given birth to a new party—rnothing ! less than a group of extreme radicals. They count only eight, be assured they -will increase like Spaniards ; they will kick up more political dust - than, the entire body ofpatrioians. The carnival naturally demands the tribute of a sigh or an obituary notice, it is as defunct as. the Baeuf gras pro cession. - The latter has been super seded by butchers purchasing bullocks, sheep and pigs, engaiianding them with xed, white and blue ribbons, exhibiting them in their shops as prise animals and saluting their customers with a morituri te siduiant / There was a sad falling off in disguises also, plenty of faces buc few masks. IJven children were put on short commons respecting their annual supply of horns and crackers. It is at Nice, in lmppy Italy, that mirth knocks for admittance, not in Paris. The fact is, people have no money to spare; fun has been squeezed .cut of them hy the hard times, and nothing kills practical joking and tom foolery as an unfilled stomach. We Lave not the Carnival, only its ghost. The crowd aims, not to impersonate effete styles of nobility in silks or Velvets, still less men in buckram, but (o have work, to. make money, to quit the r61e of Spartacus and to, appear a .little more in that of Lpculhis. Jjemennais nuce observed, sUence aux pauvres. The poor now demand their place in the sunshine, even at the cost pf storming the rich. The four act operette, La Fie Mon ' daine, for which Charles Lecocg has just composed the music, is not a pro duction of any importance; if is a thing fif shreds and patches. A series of sketches in the life of a fashionable lady, who is so thoroughly occupied gadding f^bout, that she has not even time for a . serio.us flirtation. BEer husband is on the other hand equally engrossed; will}, the green rooms. Thus we have slices pf the fast life of Paris served up, which Lecocg's music enables us to"sit " put W ithpntexoessiy e.eimui; The score is carefully written, is pleasing, even, graceful, and full of popular renjinis eencgs. The most- original ? nojtes" are contributed by the gunners at a pigeon,' ^hooting match, and which keep time to an attractive waltz. Musard spiped, his melody with, pistol shots, 'and ^iassini with the booming of artillery, The grandfather of Alexandre Jhimas K> married an Haytian negress. This accounts for the oliye colored.skin and VjqoJly lpLpl^s o£ the sons. The ^ians are sending round the hat for aid to erect a statue to. the grandfather. The money would be contributed^ if the T^aytiaus can give the guarantee. The gtatue would not be as rapidly knocked prer, those of- tlieir presidents. If the lease was binding as long as one for a ^tatue here, say of a Charles X, a Louis ^hilippe, or a, Nnpojeop, IIJ^ objectors pugbt to.be satisfied. In, the Gard Axmund Sautet seduced his lady love, aged. 16, and was then drafted into the army.. The" father of tjie girl, when the warrior returned to private.life, invited the seducer tp make an honest woman of his daughter. For definite answer he.was kicked to death by the ex-soldier and his brother. The verdict, was apparently a, " served rjght," as the prisoners were acquitted. Apother odd verdict was :—The 'fore man of a jury/a few days. ago, was asked , what they were, to do respecting tji?.verdict. "You must write 'Yes or no,' and place your bulletin in the urn." Qn.countiug the twelve slips six were jfyund with the words " Ifes or no." Processor Germain S6e, in his new volatile on consumpion, states that the disease is a greater scourge than cholera, apd carries off 200 to 250 persons per Week in Paris. He maintains that the malady, except in its next to last stage, incurable; that the cause of the disease is due to. min-obes, and that these pro duce also bronchitis, di|.htheria, sore .thro it, influenza, eta, hence the im portance of avoiding contagion from the expectorations. The eminent doctor's CiirtM are many, hu,t the principle is to do no,thing to weaken the system, hut jjortify it in every maimer possible. He $sserts the disease is not hereditary. In the etih.uybs of Paris a score of tliieves entered a restaurant:where the table had been laid out with " all the | delicacies of the season " for a wedding dejeuner next day. They cleared the decks, and what they could not consume they carried away. A photo, of the wreck was taken. An advertiser wants an ex-soldier as ^housemaid," .It is an .opening for men milliners and ditto laundresses. 