Victoria Amateur Turf Club. Although the weather was somewhat dull, a fairly numerous attendance patronised the April Meeting of - the Victoria Amateur Turf Club which passed off successfully on - Saturday last. The sport commenced with the Selling Raoe, which was won by Warina, after a good finish with Sunstroke, whose effort was reserved until a tittle too late. The Tag- manian bred mare Minerva was In tecw request for the Hurdle; Race, and though she occupied a backward position for about a mile, she came through at the proper time, and won comfortably by a length from Ghate worth. Dunleary, who ran very strongly for about a mile, was a ?eod third. The up -country horse fncas had a strong following for the Glen Huntly Handicap; and was supported very' spiritedly down " to 7 to > The result of . the race showed thafc/the confidence was well placed, for. tbpugn Duration' looked tike winning at tbe dis tance, he was passed in the run home by the favourite, whose win .would have b«eu .much more easily gained had he not stumbled in the straight when making his effort. The owner of Velocipede was fined £20 for neglecting to scratch his horse within , the ,time specified by the rules. Through a mistake, an obstfnction'waS'Tcft on the. Steeplechase oourse which occasioned all the horees to go the wrong couree, and rneceBBitated the raCev being run for twice. The start took pl&ce; at the back, Beresford at once going to the f ront, , At the sod wall .Topsail - - Mr. Pearson's horse . con- tinued to lead round the turn, where, through, the usual opening not being made in /the railing- which - runs round the iodide of t the. flat -race track, all the horses continued on the old Steeple- chase course, instead of turning into, the straight. Nearing the first fence In front of 'the stand, the jockeys ditoovered their mistake, and .immediately turned back ' With a view of reeaininu the c6uAe. On reaching the pohit .where the opening should have been made, it was aiscovpfed .that the raiting .had not been removed, and tjie jockeys, in their dllehima, put tbeir horses J at " the Obstacle,' and ; so got- on to the" right course again; This am- tretemps , of course, had a' -considerable influence ©n the positions of the horses, and when they passed the stand Blackthorn and Granville were some distance in advance of the others. The pair kept together until reaching the home turn, where the latter forged ahead, and won. Ab, however, all the horses had gone the wrong course, tbe stewards ordered that the race should be run over again after the. Armadale Handi cap,' and declared- all bets o£ The Armadale Handicap next came op for decision, and resulted in a win for Topaz, with St. Lawrence second, and Meander third. As none of the owners were allowed to scratch their horses for the second essay in the Steeplechase, the original field went to the post, and as the barrier In the railings had been removed and flagged off, no mis adventure occurred. This time' Dollar and Clarence made most of tbe running, but at the entrance to the straight Granville came up, and again displayed his superiority by winning easily from Native and Clarence. The owners of Primus, Manfred, and Bohe mian were each fined £5 for late scratching in the Armadale Handicap, < The, owner ox Sir Samuel was mulcted in a similar supi for a like offence. The habit of disregarding the rule relating to scratching has become very prevalent lately, and the stewards are to be commended for their determination to insist upon a closer observance of thia mandate among owners. / v The following are the details Of' 'the racing: — Selling Race, of 50 sovs, The winner to .. be sold for L50. . Fve f urlongs. I Mr S. Miller's br f Wfcrin&j; 'by Frfee CMdSen SfoS- kale.J yrs, SsfclHb (nil) .. Tcmay 1 Mr J.SiuBOn ns brg Sunstroke, | ya Tettib (nil) Mr K. ThnrUng'sb g JackAslhote, 4 yi,' siHlb \- iSO | .. . ,, Hobfoon 8 Mr W: B. Powers b m Bsbefia, i yi8, 7tt 01b (Bfi) . m « » '0 Hi t Chlniside's oh i Lady Loch, S yrs, 7m toll) .. FleiMgaa O Betting s Even money Warina, 8 to Tagst others.'- r-. Lady Loeh was the first to anticipate the starter, and With the favourite at tietzidew led to the sod wall, where Warinfcforgea " i " " ' »' 1 j ' " "S? ahead, followed, in Indian file, .by Lady | Ioeh, Jock Ashore, Sunstroke, and KstreUa. j Xintlng into the straight W&rlns;bwd & ; considerable advantage. Below the ulBtonoe, j however. Sunstroke came with a rush, but : though the filly tired perceptibly in the run j home, the effort was made too late, and Warina won oleverly by a head. Jack - Ashore .was third, and Lady Loch last. j Time, lmin. 6sec. - Handicap Hurdle Sacs, of 100 sovb. 10 j s ivs to go to the second horae. Onfe mile ; and a half. ! Mr ' . G. Wrigfhtfo br m Minerva, by Horatio, 6 yra, | lOstfflb .. -- - - 1 ltr ri. Chiffney's b g Ch&t3WOrth.; 6 yra, lOtt .» .. Onarttm z Jlr j. B. ill's b v Dunleary, 6 yra, 9tt 101b (in- clndlna Sib over) .. . . .. AUen 8 Mr T. Bo.iebiar s ch m Royal Maid (late Sally), eyre, list »lb . .. 0 Mr A. H iron's eh g Despatch, 6 yra, lltt4Ib „ . Molone 0 Sir J. Sim sob's bl h Staking Fond, 6 yra, 10rt4lb \- ... Harden 0 Mr R. Phillips's «h m Tattler, € yra, lOat 81b i Hunt u $kt3 Ralrton's b g P4ds -;f Oaklwds, 6 yrs, »tt UJb ....... - toog 0 Mr H. Connolly ns br m Zona, aged, git 91b _t - Gardiner 0 Mr J G. Reid'a ch'g Peacock, 4 yra, 9at 9 b <in- eluding 71b ever.. -- - - Kilat u Betting : 5 to 2 agat Minerva, 4 to 1 agst 4|h ate worth, & to 1 agat Sinking Fund. JPeaoock and Dunleary were the quickest to their legs at the start, with .Tattler, jfoyal Maid, and Deepatoh close up next. Before reaching the first hurdle l>ttHleary ' assumed oounnand, and led nast toe stand three lengths In ad vance of Chats worth and littler, De spatch being at the head of the other division, which was whipped in by Peacock, Ascending the hill, Dunleary still held emm&nd; well in front of Tattler and Ghatbworth, Sinking Fund holding a good position in the centre, while Minerva joined Peacock in the rear. Along the back Dun leary increased his advantage to ten lengths, Zona and Despatch being side by side next, tost olear of Chatsworth, Peacock still being last. Approaching the sod wall Chats worth went in pursuit of the leader, and Zona and Minerva began to Improve their positions. Turning into the straight, Chatsworth headed Dunleary who in turn was passed, by Minerva." N earing the last obstacle the latter challenged Chatsworth, and quickly disposing of him, won a good raee by about a length. Dunleary was third, Sinking Fund fourth, and Tattler next, fiien came Bov&l; Maid, Despatch, and Zona, with Peaoook a bad last. Time, daiiiit Glee Huntly Handicap, of 100 boys.,' added to a sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each j li sovs. to gib to too second and 5 sovs. to the third horae. One mile.. Btr j. Harper's bg Uneas, The Ace—Friorcfl®, 5 yra, ffstYib j. - .. " Cr&cknell; 1 Ut W. .Kail's M e Durotisn, 4 yrs, 8tt 2lb «. T. Brown 2 Mr A w. lSllififa Sh e Lord Wilton, 4 yrs,7»t 81b >. « - Sherrard S Mr J. & . field's torn Grace Bailing,. yra, 8tt 1Mb _ .. .. Williams 0 fir J. G. field's ch g The. Ghost, aged, 8st 41b « «. J. Williams 0 Mr H. B. Tribute ah « Surprise, 4 yra. 7st fib .i. .. .. - „ Wyman 0 Mr BL Jacob's bi Muscat, 5 yra, 7rt ..Rodfern 0 FY T. Jotas br e Bohemian, g yrs, d „ Blair 6 Mr R.HrarHoge b i fitu Lynns. 8 yrs, flst 101b ... ... „ Flannagan 0 tor J. Sl,nson ns eh e Ydtow Hammer. 4 yrs, 1st „ w""" _ ' „ H. Brown 0 Betting | 7 to 1 Unoas,7 to i agst Sur prise, 5 to. 2 agst Duration, ... A capital start, .was effected, Grace Dar ling taking the. initiative. Surprise and Muscat being .next, and Lord "Wilton last. .Along the back Surprise eat to the.froiit, Led Grose Darling and The Ghost by a efcuple of lengths, Unoas being third, Lord Wifton next. Surprise maintained bis «4 vantage past the sod wall, hotly pursued by The Ghost .and Lord. Wilton, with Duration and Bast Lynne following, and raee Darling last. Entering the straight, Surprise still led, but as they approached the distance he relinquished Lis position to Duration, who appeared to be winning, when Orackuell brought up Uncas under the whip, and secured the verdict by three- quarters of a length, Lord Wilton was third, East Lynne fourth, Bohemian next, and Yeilow Hammer last. XlulC| lilillL tOSgCi Handicap Steeplechase, of 125 sovs., added ' to a sweepstake of 3 sovs. each. 15 sovs. to go the second, and 10 sovs. to the third horse. Two miles. Mr R. Phillips's br h Granville, by Ebcr — Sybil, 6 yrs, I0ot 41b - .. .. .. Huht 1 Mr A Martin's b g Native, aged, 10st 71b Bird 2 Air J. Piibrow's b g Clarence, aged, 12st Cree S Btr G. Glasscock's br g Blackthorn, aged, 12st 111b „ .. Mr W. Glasscock 0 Mr G. Glasscock's b g Kingston, 6 yra, list 41b „ — .. .. MLeod 0, Btr T. Jones's br g lhndstackor, aged lOst 81b Butler 0 Hoi. W. Pearson's b g Betesford, aged, 10at 71b . .. Watson 0 Mr J Crpps's br g Pride of the Hilis, agd. 10 d: _ _ .. .. .. uicharda 0 Mr G. Glasscock's b g Dollar, aged, ta>t 121b Kmg 0 MrH. Connolly ns eh g Topsail, aged, 9 t 12lb .. .. - Harde- 0 Mr A. G. Webb's ch g Chester, 8 3 n, 9ct 101b . M'ttiliaii 0 Betting : 4 to 1 each agst Dollar and Clarence ; 5 to I agst Native. The start took place at the side of the course, Beresford showing the way over ihe first obstacle, followed by Clarence, Dollar. Granville, Blacktnorn, and Kings ton, Chester bringing up the rear. At the sod wall Topsail and Native fell, and Beresford .continued to lead round the turn, where, through the usual opening not. haying been made in the railing which runs round the inside of the fiat race track, all the field continued on the old steeplechase course instead of turning into the straight. Nearing the first fence in front of the stand \- all the jockeys discovered their mistake, and by jumping the railing, regained the course proper, .Blackthorn showing the' way past the stand, with - Granville next, and Kingston, Beresford, Dollar, Pride of the r ELiUs, and Clsd&nce; following. Blackthorn e and Granville r&fi; together in front round Bie hack, but, to entering the straight, the latter drew away, and won com fortably from Blackthorn, and Kingston. As all the horse had gone the wrong course, the race was ordered to be run over strain. Tu the second essay. Clarence and ftrati- yifta were the favourites at 3 and 4 to 1 fpjBjiec fci vely 1 for the first portion of tlie journey. Dollar and Native out out the running, but after going about half the distance, the firstnamed retired, and- Clareace joined Native. Turning into the straight, Granville came with a gallant effort, and won easily by half a lengsh from Native. Clarence was third, B ackthorn l next, and Topsail, who ran off at the back of the coarse,, last. Time, 4min. 26see. ! Armadale Handicap, of 100 sovs. Five furlongs and a half. ; Mr R. Love's b or br h Tops, b Countryman— I Game-, 7 yrs. 8sfc 71b .. V WymJS 1 Mr a. -Htotiboure'e b O St. Lwrenoej 4 yre. Set- - lOib .. Sanders 2 Mr S. Grimwtiod's br h Meander nged. 8st ; . J. Williams 8 Mr A Summer's b or br g Ace, 6 yrs, Alb , .Cope 0 Mr" J. Hamill'a bi h Hann'bal, aged, 7et 10:b .. .. .. .. - Blair 0 Mr J. Simeon's ns ch m .Sea veed, 6 yrs 7s# 4tb .. T. Wil.iama 0 Mr V. Glasscock's ch 6 Distiller, 4 yr. 7st 2ib .. .. " Flaharan- 0 1 Mr S. Weekfs to f J elamla, 2 yrs, 6-t 181b i .. ,. .. .. .. CSackntil 0 , Mr" S. Miller's b g Mo'okra 6 yrs, 6st 111b . I _ _ .. . .. M Intoah 0 ' Mr" J, G. Raid's bi e Nunalo, 8 yrs, est lilb w .. .. . Levier 0 Mr"H. Haines's br "o Gipsy's Warning, S yrs, tot IGib .. .. -- Q Williams 0 Mr D. fHoane'8 li' « Bon Bon, 4 yra, ««t Mb \-- Moffatt 1. Mr J. & 'Ha, wood's b g Moab, 4 yrs, 0?t 4ib . .. .. Broyra Mr H. Connollyy ns W g Barra Barra, 4 yre. Ost Betting : 8 to 1 agst Topae, 4 to 1 agst Meander, 6 to 1 each agst Aoe, St. Lawrence, 8 to 1 agst Seaweed. 