Was She a Ghost ? "MARRY?" repeated Mordaunt; "well, that would be a gay old joke! Who the deuce"—Mordaunt sometimes invokes strange gods—" out of Utah would I get for priest?" Now Mordaunt, when he said this, put on just that look which every unlucky dog of an impecunious old bachelor, who can't for hit Uf c keep soul and body comfortably together, and who has failed to induce the heiress he has in view te even tolerate his presenoe, knows as the faithful married man's look when said married maa is rallied about his manifold agreeableness among the fair ladies; and not only did he put that look on, but he looked it out to the other end of the room into empty space, very much in thst exasperating way Jour model married man wiU look to his wife » confirm his assertions. like myself, Mordaunt was an old bachelor. Alas! and there the parallel ends. Not only was hs the very personification of what we know as a thoroughly good feUow, whom every body Uked, which liking he deserved, but he was a successful business man. Money in mole-heaps rolled itself up into mountain! under hit manipulation!. Then he had the best heart beating. The women all Uked him —and that was the pecuUarity of his old bachelorhood—they liked him and looked up to him as women like and look to the honour able head of a full lhappy household. He had reached middle life, was good-looking, and of unexceptionable habits. I, weary of asking the question of myself—too well I knew the answer—had propounded it to bim : " Mordaunt, why don't you marry ?" He had replied ss stated at the beginning of this narrative. " But, Mordaunt," urged I (for he was not a maa given to jocularity, at least where woman were concerned), " you seem, of all men in the world, the but to live unmated. Utah ! pshaw! What do you mean ?" "I mean" He checked himself. Another of those married man's looks was directed into the air. This was questioning. "I mean what I say," conclusively and with the air of a man speaking under delegated authority. "Bigamy?' "Yea." "Eh? I'd like to see the Mrs. Mordaunt number one." " Must a man believe that his wife is any the more his when another man has seen her V' "Aha! Another man not see her! If you're doing the Turk you might as well set up your seraglio and bo clone with it Yes, Utah Is in order." Mordaunt was silent I had offended him. I remember how he looked at me, not angrily, not sentimentally; I cannot describe hti ex pression, only—he was himself in it I seemed to feci his personality, his very being, pressing me around, enfolding me as it were; and, meantime, I cannot account for the change that was gradually creeping over me. I felt Mor daunt; I was watching him as in ordinary times—the clear-headed financier, the always welcome homely presence at the rosy fireside, the man versed in public attain—but 1 certainly saw more. Talk about materialisation, paraffiine, or what not—l never sat in a "circle," I always abhorred the wholo machinery of clap-trap known as " spiritualism" — I saw, standing, facing Mord-unt, ju.t where hi- eyes ha te'tied when he answered rue, a woman; no mere shadow, but, to all appearances, a flesh- Md-blood woman. I s»w her as distinctly as I ever I saw my own sisters. As .for being ! stricken with terror, as ghost- seers tell me they are in the presence of the immaterial, t was stricken with admiration. She was not hand some—at least I do not remember to have> thought of tbat or of what the wore. It teemed to me that I taw all I know which Wat grand and godlike in the character of my friend, standing there, inatinct with breathing vitality, a living individual pretence. I was not dreaming; I do not believe I was under a mesmeric spelL My individuality was not merged in that of Mordaunt How could it be when I heard him as distinctly as ever I heard him speak introduce *my wife;" and I, in the moat commonplace manner imaginable, exchanged compliments with this hitherto unheard, of Mrs. Mordaunt, she acting her part with corresponding every-day civility ? I did not take my eyes off ker; she did not move aside. I cannot recall that I stirred, but it seemed to me that Mordaunt did, and directly, as the reflection of a face vanishes from a mirror, the was gone. But Mordaunt was still there. " Will that suffice?" he inquired directly, his concise business accents emphasising the question with more than usual distinctiveness. I suppose I muttered an assent " You are the only human being," he added, I in the tame matter-of-fact voice he would have used if he had mentioned that I waa looking old (I was), " who has ever entered my house hold. That woman I loved when I was a boy. I have always loved her. We have always been one, and yet her body has been lying in Holly wood cemetery for more than twenty years. Hers it no ideal presence, no imaginary near ness ; you have aeon as well as I tbat I am under no hallucination. She has never left me, and whatever I am that is manly and wise, under God. I owe it to her real presence and never withheld counsel." There now, was Mrs. Mordaunt a ghost? I know I saw her snd was introduced to her. I know Mordaunt holds to the belief of her real continual pretence near him as firmly as ho believes in the reality of his bank stock, and yet I know no Mrt. Mordaunt clothed in material clay exitts.—A. T Perry, in Home Journal. 