CHAPTER IV. " ALAS," QUOTH SHE " MY LOVE'S UNKIND. Christmas bad passed down in the " "West Countrie"—a dull Christinas at Thornhill, for Bevan was detained in Chilternsbire watching by the supposed deathbed of his mother, and Lady Betty was still away at Gibraltar, the last letters from her giving very little hope of a speedy return, owing to the delicate constitution of her brother's little daughter. And so Mr. Thornhill and Barbara had only the rector, his wife, and his sister to help them eat their turkey and plum-pudding. It was the most miserable Christmas Barbara had ever spent. And now it was the second week of the new year, and Hugh had written begging that the marriage might be a quiet one, and take place at once. Old Mrs. Bevau had suddenly rallied, and provided she could be-taken abroad to. Italy or the Riviera forthwith the doctors promised her yet many more years of life. Of course she could not travel un attended by her son, so unless Hugh were disposed to postpone his marriage indefinitely, he must either keep his mother hovering between life and death another month in bleak and stormy Eng land, with serious risk of a relapse, or claim his bride before the appointed time, and take her with him to watch over the invalid mother on the balmy Bhores of the Mediterranean. A prosaic honeymoon, enough, forsooth! And yet, as Bevan stoutly swore that nothing on earth should make him put off his marriage by a single day—he had a wholesome distrust of matrimonial postponements—there was clearly nothing else for it but getting the parson to tie the knot in January instead of in March, and then, hey! for the sunny South. "So," wrote Hugh, " would Barbara help to save the dear old mother's life and let him claim her at once." And Barbara, ever kindly disposed, and caring little indeed for the pomp and ceremony of a fashionable wedding, especially as Lady Betty could not be present, content to give herself in the plainest, simplest way to her love, set to work to gain her father over to the pro posed alteration in the arrangements. Mr. Thornhill's acquiescence being given, Bhe wrote ofi to Hugh consenting that the marriage should take place by special licence without any bridesmaids, best man, wedding breakfast, fuss, or favours at the little village Church of Thornhill that day week. Bevan's hands were therefore pretty fall, getting things put into order for their sudden journey abroad. Fortunately everything connected with his selling out had been satisfactorily completed and he was now no longer under military orders. As it was, the three clear days given him in which to make the needful thousand and-one preparations were little time enough, and it was only by working sys-. tematically and with untiring energy that he got through the piles of correspondence, saw to the scores of little matters, legal and otherwise, requiring his personal at tention, made everything tight about the passports, and gave a careful eye mean while to the packing of the luggage and the inclusion of the many articles rendered needful by his mother's state of health. But at last everything appeared to be in fair order; the special licence was safely folded away in his pocket-book; the wedding-ring—how frequently he fingered the golden circlet to make sure that he bad not lost it—wrapped in silver paper, was in a corner of his waistcoat-pocket; and with the rather tired, but well satisfied air of a man who believes he has left nothing undone, he sits, on the eve of his journey to Severnshire to win his bride, by the fireside in his mother's room, listening to the heavy rain and rising wind outside, wondering what sort of a morning it will be, then saying a word or two to his mother, and anon dozing and letting his fancy wander off in a half dream to the blue-waved Mediter ranean—and Barbara; his brown-haired, bonny Barbara, so soon to be his bride. And so he sat and dreamt of the golden future days with Barbara always by his side, and out in the cold winter night the wind rose into a wild hurricane, and shrieked through the gaunt limbs of the bare elms, and the sweeping rain dashed against the window-panes, and inside in that snugly furnished chamber all was warmth and light and comfort, the big logs burnt brightly and clearly without crackle or smoke ou the open hearth, and the night clock ticked drowsily^ upon the mantelpiece ; and still he sat silent, with his mother's slender hand in his, and dreamt, with Barbara always for the central figure in his dreams. " Hugh!" suddenly said the invalid, with a startled voice, "there is something I have forgotten; to-morrow iB your twenty fifth birthday; there is something I must tell you." "Yes, mother, dear, but do not agitate yourself; there—there is nothing par ticularly startling about a birthday. I have had a couple of dozen up to the present, mostly jolly, few exciting though." " But, Hugh, I am afraid, oh, I am afraid that I ought to have told you this that I am going to speak of before—long ago, but I forgot it, I forgot it." " Well never mind, mater, don't | trouble about it. I dare say it is nothing J very important, and won't hurt by over keeping. Good news improve by keep ing, they say, and this can't be ill news because that flies apace." " Listen, Hugh. My father, your grandfather, Colonel Petheridge, gave me on his deathbed a letter addressed to you which I was to hand to you on your twenty fifth birthday if you were then still unmarried. If, however, you contem plated marriage before your twenty fifth year I was then strictly enjoined, most solemnly adjured by your grandfather, to give you the letter at once, not to delay a moment. And then he made me swear that if alive I would carry out his injunctions and make provision for their being complied j with in the event of my death. And, Hugh, when you told me about Barbara I utterly forgot all about the letter and my father's commands." "Oh, well, better late than never, wafer; at any rate, you are all in good time for my quarter-century. If it's any warning, though, against the ills of matri mony—and grandpapa was not a parti cularly amiable spouse, I fancy 1 have heard—the letter won't effect its author's object, that's pretty certain." "It is in that cabinet there, Hugh," said Mrs. Bevan, pointing to a small inlaid cabinet on a side table. " Here is the key, but before you open it let me tell you what kind of man your grand father waB during moBt of the years that I remember him. In his early married days, and when I was a child I have been told that he was one of the most convivial and high-spirited of men. All my memory of him, however, is of a sad, moody cynic, averse to company, living his life utterly apart from my mother, who was a most devoted wife, subject at uncertain intervals to outbreaks of the most violent and uncontrollable temper and irritability, but mostly kindly disposed, quiet in manner, gentle in speech, and, for all his unsociableness, full of affection for my mother and myself. That he brooded over some hidden real or imaginary grief we could not fail to know; but what his secret was, or if it ever hadapy | existence except in his brooding mind, we never learnt." " Liver as much as anything, I should J say," interposed Hugh. "Ho," returned Mrs. Bevan, "he en joyed very good health generally, and in I his younger years was remarkably athletic | and active; in fact, even at the period of j which I am speaking he occasionally j hunted, and when he did follow the hounds he was always one of the stiaightest riders across country." " Were he and my father pretty good ! friends?,' enquired Hugh. "I was such a youngster when my father died that; I have only a very faint recollection of him at all." " I fancy, I feel sure, he liked your i father," said Mm. Bevan, but he was strongly averse to my marriage ; in fact, he was unaccountably opposed to my marrying anybody, and more than once earnestly desired me to continue single. So far as your father was concerned there could he no reasonable objection to urge against him as a son-in-law. He was a widower, it is true, but with only one son. He had an ample fortune, was a man of singularly winning maimer J and genteel presence — in the prime of life, too—juBt over 35—while I was no longer a giddy girl, being just I ahoutyour own age, now, Hugh ?" j " But he consented to the marriage at j last, I suppose, mother ?" " I hardly know how it came about, Hugh. My mother talked to him pri vately, and it was somehow understood amongst us that he would not forbid the banns or anything of that sort if we had made up our minds to be married. But he would not give me away— my mother did that—neither would he stand at the altar or take any part in the service with us. He just stood in the circle leaning against a pillar of the Church and looked on, and a nice talk it made, as you may imagine. I caught a glimpse of his face, and it was clouded with anxiety and a chilling fear." " Poor granddad, I am afraid he was deeply bitten with the Malthusian heresy. He evidently was no believer in matri mony," said Hugh. " After our marriage," continued his mother, " when three or four years passed without any signs of a family he brightened up wonderfully, and appeared much more reconciled to my having taken a husband; then your little sister Anne was born, and died before she had reached her first year, and in two years' time you came into the world, Hugh." "On the Malthusian principle, very unwelcome to granddad, of course, mother." " Yes, I am afraid you were. After your 'oirth, from the very moment he learnt he had a grandson, he became as i gloomy as ever. He died when you were about 7 years old, and on his deathbed handed me the letter for you which I have forgotten to give you before to-night. Oh, I hope I have not done anything very wrong, but he was so serious in his injunctions that I am afraid—I am afraid." "Come, mater, there's nothing to be afraid of; now let's see what this mysterious epistle is about." More fiercely raged the storm outside ; louder shrieked the wind through the leafless branches of the elms, nit ling the casement and rumbling like thunder in the wide chimney; while the rain in driven Bheets mingled with hail dashed spitefully against the window panes, and inside the fire still glowed upon the deep old-faehioned hearth, the reading-lamp burnt softly on the bedside table, and the clock upon the mantel- | piece ticked drowsily, slowly and quietly measuring the silent footsteps of old Father Time. And while his mother lay back, a little exhausted by her long talk, anxiously regarding her son's face, Hugh sat him downbeBide the fire and read that old letter of his grandfather's written five and-twenty years before. Once he read it through and turned it over in his hand as though looking for ] some postscript or clue to the contents, and then he gazed at his mother with a white, scared face and a bewildered air, and with a dazed expression as of a man who failed to understand the meaning of what was written there upon the yellow paper so tightly clutched in his clenched i fist. And then he smoothed out the sheets, hardly knowing what he was doing, and slowly and laboriously reread that awful | message from the world beyond the grave, and as he turned the last page the fetter fluttered from his fingers and fell within an inch of the burning logs, from I whence Bevan, rousing himself, snatched j it hurriedly, and mechanically folding it, placed it in his aide pocket. Then his head sank upon his breast with a dull, despairing moan telling of happiness wrecked, hope destroyed, and soul Btricken suddenly unto death. " Hugh! my son, my son, what is it ? tell me, Hugh," cried his mother, starting up from her pillow. J " Mother," answered Bevan, and hiB voice was strange and hoarse and old sounding; "Mother"—rising to his full height and standing bravely by her bed side with a face like a ghost's, but oh, so nobly firm and determined—"it is all over. 1 ahall not marry now. 1 will go abroad with you as soon as you can travel. I should like to go to-morrow even, if you could stand the journey. " Hugh, dear Hugh, what is it ? Tell me, tell me. Oh, it is my fault, and j I have broken your heart and ruined your life. "Why, why did I forget that letter until now " Mother," answered Hugh, " it could not be helped ; it would have been as bad at first as to-night. Do not ask me any thing about it; I cannot tell you. Good night; try and get some sleep and keep up your strength for your journey. 11 will send in your maid with your wine. Good night, mother dear, 1 must go and j write to—Barbara." The morning of Barbara's wedding-day broke cold and clear, with a gleam of j wintry sunshine and a brisk west wind, away down there in Severnshire; and as the dark-eyed bride looked out from her chamber window upon the broad expanse of pasture land and park and noted the uprooted oaks and wide sheets of flood water, covering the flats and filling the hollows like miniature lakes, sire thought 1 to herself what a terrible journey her { lover-husband must have had all through yesterday and late on into the night by mail coach from London to Bath. The Great Western Railway was net opened until the following year. " Poor Old Hugh," she murmured, " how tired and hungry he would be by the time he reached the Royal." And then the Queen of Severn, being a healthy, sensible young ; woman, began to discover that she was j feeling rather hungry herself. Such a thing was, of course, very unromantic, not to say indelicate, on the part of a i bride upon her marriage morn, but the air was keen, and the salt breezes blowing across from the wave-crested Bristol 1 Channel would have made any but a sentimental lovesick damsel impatient 1 for the clangour of the breakfast-belL And so, wedding morn or not, as soon as the welcome peal- rang out from the old Btone turret above the hall, Barbara skipped downstairs to the breakfast' parlour with an appetite fully capable of doing justice to the substantial fare pro vided. Greeting ber father by the lire side with a loving caresB and a sounding kiss, she told him she was glad to find him bo punctual, for she was as hungry as an ogress. "So come along, Phil," said she, taking up in her arms one big white cat, "and let you and me get a mouthful of food before that troublesome husband comes to cairy me off." " Might a humble parent enquire what are your arrangements to-day, Barbara ?" said Mr. Thornhill. "At present 1 am entirely in the dark as to the programme drawn out. 1 am not complaining of this; far from it. Bnt es I believe you will require my poor services, I—I confess I should like to know a little more precisely when and where I shall be wanted. Pardon an old man's curiosity !" '' Oh, you sarcastic old papa! Why, of course your only daughter will want you to give her away at Churcli." "Ba! that's it, is it ? 'Pleasure, 'm sure,'" as the Lord Lieutenant says when his bailiff begs to introduce one of his tenant-farmers to his lordship; and is that all?" "Don't teaBe, sir. If you ask me so many troublesome questions I must refer you to Hugh for fuller inlormation." " It ia nearly time Mr. Hugh was here, is it not?" asked Mr. Thornhill. " His letter said we were to expect him about 10 o'clock," replied Barbara, "and I was to be sure and make a good break fast and give myself plenty of time to dress, because we must be at the Church not a moment later than a quarter-past 11 o'clock; and here, {instead of eating, I am doing nothing else but talking." "Mea culpa, mea culpa; these tedious old fools!" penitently confessed the squire. 1 hen there was silence for a couple of minutes, soon broken, however, by Bar bara saying she had made a splendid breakfast, and must now go up ana dress. "And mind, paps, you don't stay too long poring over that dry old yesterday's Times, and be sure you leave your stock for rue to pin, sir, or else I know you will make a bungle of it and look a Serfect fright." And so with a light uigh dimpling her bonny cheeks, and showing for a second the neat little row of pearly teeth, and with an admonitory shake of her plump forefinger at her father, she crossed the hall and climbed the'"broad carved stairs to her room, gently stroking Phil's white coat, and softly singing as she went— " In Scarlet Town, where I was born, There was a fair mud dwellin', Made ev'ry youth say ' Well a day!' Her name was Barn'ra Allen." In less than half an hour she was down again, clad all in brown velvet, with a be°£er bonnet of same colour, and a little bunch of snowdrops in her bosom. "There, dear papa, have I not been quick ? and now let me pin your stock ; but, first, do you think I look nice ?" "You look, my dear," said her father with a proud light in his eyes, "you look the true Queen of Severn!" "Oh, thank you, dear; what a nice com pliment; but, papa, where is Hugh 1 Has he not come yet 1 Surely he is very late," remarked Barbara with a shade of anxiety in lier voice. " He is a little behind time," said Mr. Thornhill reassuringly, " but no doubt he will be here directly. Hark! here he is,. I expect, and riding hard, too," the squire exclaimed, crossing to the window as the Bound of a horse's hoofs were heard galloping upon the gravel outside. " But, papa, Hugh would not ride to Thornhill in the saddle; he would cer tainly hire from Bath. Pray go and see what it is," and Barbara hurried her father to the hall door,, which the old manservant had hastened to open almost as soon as the mud bespattered rider had pulled his foam-flecked horse back upon his quiver ing haunches, flung himself out of the saddle, thrown the rein to an open mouthed groom who came running round from the stableB, and sprung up the moss and lichen marked stone steps leading to the terrace. "Barnet!" exclaimed Mr. Thornhill, recognising in the travel-stained horse man Hugh Bevan's own man. " What, what is it 'I Your master." " Quite well, your—your Worship," panted the breathless Barnet in reply,, hastily casting about in his mind for'the correct form of address, and jumping to the conclusion that the Squire, being a Squire, jwould probably be a Justice of the Peace—as he was. " Quite well, your Worship, and Mrs. Bevan much about the same when I left Warden Hall yesterday morning with this note for Miss Thornhill. I should have been here earlier; but the coach was stopped last night by floods beyond Cirencester, and we did not reach Bath until daybreak." PTU " Thompson, take Barnet and give him some breakfast," said Mr. Thornhill to his old factotum, himself anxiously follow ing Barbara, who, with blanched face and trembling hands, had seized Hugh's letter and fled away with it to the library. "Should he enter the room or wait a moment or two until Barbara had read Bevan's hastily dispatched message ? Better wait, perhaps." And so the tender hearted Squire curbed his natural im patience and anxiety and paced irreso lutely up and down the hall. At last, quietly opening the door, he ventured in. "Barbara, my girl, are you here ?" he asked, for the long, narrow weBt window with its diamond latticed panes gave little light to the library at this hour of a winter's morning, and on first entering ho did not see his daughter. Then, turning, he saw her seated upon a low couch in the shadow of the heavy, dark-green damask curtains. But could that be Barbara ? Was it the hue of the curtains which gave that ghastly pallor to her face 1 Surely, oh, God ! that cold, lifeless, stony figure sit ting there with open, staring, unrecognis ing eyes, with tightly drawn, colourless lips and interlocked marble fingers could not be his warm- blooded, brown-haired, bonny Barbara! "Barbara, my dear, my child, for the sake of heaven speak, rouse yourself, tell me what has happened," and the_ awe stricken, distracted Squire threw himself upon his poor gouty knee beside his daughter, and began wildly ^to call upon her "by her name and chafe her frozen hands. He was but a weak, excitable country gentleman after all; no doubt he ought to have restrained himself and calmly rung for the housekeeper or Bar bara's maid. Ah, it is easy to lay down rules for other people's con duct on the most disturbing occasions of life, and you see it was much against Mr. Thornhill's self-control that he loved his little girl with a love of which he had not fathomed the all-absorbing depth until that heartrending moment. And then, yon, who reading this, may think his grief extravagant, his concern weak minded, did not see Barbara sb his sad fatherly eyes saw her. And if from what little you have heard of her in these pages you have learnt to love her ever so slightly, thank Heaven you did not see her seated there that JaDuary morning now so many yeaw ago. "Barbara, tell me, child, what is it, what has happened ?" and Btill the frightened Squire implored her to answer him, and chafed her interlocked fineers. And then Barbara, like an ice maiden, no longer the warm, loviDg Queen of Severn, with her nutbrown hair and Dimpling cheeks, and rose red pouting Hps—all cold, and hard, and stern, rose stiffly from her seat, and laying her little plump -white hands upon her father's shoulders, gave him one long, lingering deathlike kiss; and so saying never a •word walked slowly and silently from the room. " She will tell me soon," said the poor Squire to himself. "It is bad news plainly. He iB a scoundrel, I am afraid— and yet—ah, well, I will not bother the poor" child just now, though, by the eternal God, if he has broken her heart, I will horsewhip him, old as I am." But meantime somebody must be sent to the rectory. It iB a terrible job—a terrible job." After that kiss, so passionate— could the Squire but have known it—so full of yearning love and heart breaking pity, Barbara climbed wearily up to her own snug room, and sinking listlessly upon the low window-seat sat for a few minuteB gazing, still with that far away, unseeing look across the undulating park, over the distant, darkly wooded hilltopB, far, far beyond the cold turquoise blue wintry horizon, to the mighty rock uprearing its lion-like head at the gate of the Mediterranean, and then parting her pale, sorrowful lipB she moaned—"Oh, Lady Betty, Lady Betty." But what a changed, bitter voice it wsb with which she shortly afterwards called, "Phil, come here and listen to the letter of your mistress's gallant lover. Ah, Phil dear, you liked him, did you not, and he stroked you fondly and called you pet names, but it was all false Phil, all false—listen. " ' My dear Barbara— " ' We must part.' Part, Phil, and we were to be married to-day, you know. ' Is it cruel to tell you this so abruptly? lesB cruel—I hope, than breaking it by degrees. One thing I ask your pardon for, it is that you will only receive this farewell on the morning appointed for our marriage.' 'My wedding-day, Phil.' 'I would have written to you earlier had I known that circumstances would occur to make me change my mind. Good-by, Barbara, think of me as scornfully as you can; that is, if you deem me worth another thought at all. I deserve all your contempt; I believed I loved you, but now I "know I can never make you my wife. I am leaving England with my mother to-morrow, and you and I will probably never meet again. And bo, once more, good-by, and if the prayers of such a wretch as I be of any avail I pray with all my soul that you may be happy, happier far than you could ever have been with " Your perjured lover, "Hugh Be van,' " 'Your perjured lover, Hugh Bevan.' You see, Phil, he says himself that lie is false, but he will always be my husband, Phil; nothing can ever alter that." And then Barbara folded the cruel, heartless letter: ah, was it not more merciful than cruel after all ? Wait and see, wait and see—and placed it in a small silken bag which she hung by a thin gold chain round her neck, and so throwing a long, heavy travelling cloak over her velvet dreBS, and pulung the hood over her sunny-brown hair she crept secretly down the back staircase and out by the garden-door with her great white cat in her arms beneath the cloak, and her false lover's cruel letter near her broken heart. '' Good-by, old home; good-by, dear, dear j papa; do not think me cruel to leave you without a word like this; but I could not I stay—I could not stay. And now, Phil, we are setting out, you and I together, upon our travels through the world." And the slight girlish figure enveloped in the big fluttering cloak with its cowl like hood turned and walked hurriedly along the footpath through the park, then at the edge of the naked skele ton woods she paused again and looking earnestly back waved her white hand with a gesture of despair, and so was lost j to sight amongst the massive tree-trunkB and clumps of gorse and holly. JuBt then the bells of the little Thornhill Church broke out into a mad musical peal for the Queen of Severn's wedding morn. Poor Barbara! Poor Barbara ! 