*'"- 'REVIEWS, a Humorists. By W. W__o_, M.A., and C. G. DnmsL», ' M.A. Macmillan and Co. Saltwell Catilworian Conspiracy. By A. M. COOK, M.A. Macm.rtlan.and Co. 186. T. Luereti Cart de Serum Nature. 1 form issued. by T. H. Vf. LEE, M.A. Macmillan and Co. 1886. were Otconomicus of XcnaphotK By H. A. HOLDEN, M.A., LLD. Macmillan and Co. 188-. The schoolmaster, who has exhausted his own patience and that of his pupils by endless campaigning with Crcsar in Gaul, or by accompanying Xenophon on his dreary journey to pay his respects at the Court of Artaxerxes, must cordially welcome any attempts to provide classical literature of more varied interest and in a more attractive form. For in our own days, no less than in the time of Juvenal, .' Occidit miseries crambe reports magistrate." in the more recent editions of ancient authors, one may notice a growing tendency to adopt a popular treatment of the subject by subordinating the technicalities of the language to the historical and logical methods, and by emphasising the matter no less than the diction of the author. In this way a wider acquaintance with scholarship is secured, and a keener appreciation of the broad characteristics of the ancient civilisations, Some editions of the classics, that have been recently published by Macmillan and Co. as school class-books, seem admirably adapted for their purpose. It is an additional advantage that these books are edited by schoolmasters, who in virtue of their profession are practically acquainted with the difficulties of touching, tea with the best modern methods of enlisting and maintaining the interest of their pupils, The publication of Europeans History of Home introduces an old friend under a new face. It is well known that Eutropius was a favourite elementary author with the schoolmasters of the last generation, and deservedly so, for his sentences are short and incisive, and his impartial judgment upon leading men and event- evinces some power, of historical criticism, in the present edition the more diJUonlt passages have been excepted, notes and sentences for re translation into Latin are appended to each section, and the whole is supplemented by a scholarly vocabulary. In those days of high-pressure education, the value of such a vocabulary for young boys is undoubtedly great, for it economised the mechanical labour of turning over the pages of a dictionary, and the mental labour of differentiating the meaning of a word in a special context. fKlluat's history of the conspiracy of Catiline is a look for more advanced students. It is the production of a dilettante rhetorician rather than of a critical historian, but at any rate it is free from the egoism and somewhat maudlin sentimentality of Cioeto. Mommsen indeed suggests that Sallust's narrative is prejudiced throughout by the writer's partisanship for Ciuear, his former benefactor ; but such a sentiment as gratitude for past favours seems as ion to the selfishness and cynicism of Sallust a character. The conspiracy itself would appear to have been a sudden outbreak, consequent upon Catiline's unsuccessful candidature for the con airship, rather than as represented by Ballast, the out- come of a long meditated scheme of political anarchy and revolution. Apart from historical inaccuracies, the style is vitiated by the affectations of the orator, and by a constant straining after effect and variety. It lacks the rhythmical finish of Cicero and the epigrammatic force of Tacitus. These defects in the historical treatment of the subject, to the moral attitude of the writer, and in the form of his competition, are fully brought out in the introductory remarks, and in the annotations of the present editor. The works of Lucretius, the Apostle of Materialism his min., half-buried in some weightier argument, Or fancy-borne, perhaps, upon the rise and long roll of the Hoxaiuotor," have been popularised for English henderson the philosophic side by Professor Tyndall's celebrated address at Bel fast, and on the artistic side by a well known poem of Tennyson. For the classical student the text and translation of Munro supply the latest and best results of modern scholarship. The. tradition of the poet's insanity, and of the tragic circumstances of his life and death, may be an unconscious expression of the Maxim that the highest genius is often akin to madness, or a direct inference from the morbid tone, that pervades his writings. The subject of Lucretius' great poem, the development of the Atomic theory, has to a great extent neutralised the interest of his work as a Schoolbook, while his bold attempts to enrich his native vocabulary have injured the purity of his style. His compound words, though expressive and sonorous in themselves, are formed rather upon Greek analogies, and were regarded by his contemporaries see an unwarrantable innovation upon the conservative genius of his own language. The edition at present under review contains the first three books of Lucretius. The text is accompanied by an epitome of the contents, and by a running commentary well suited to provoke the interest of the reader, and to smooth away, by anticipation, the difficulties of a student new to the subject. The more obscure passages are analysed in detail, and notes upon points of grammar, and upon the matter of the poems, are appended. The author of the present publication may justly claim that this is the first attempt that has been made to edit a popular edition of any part of Lucretius, and it may be added that the attempt has resulted in an attractive and scholarly production. Perhaps the most interesting book of the series is the a Oeoonomicus of Xenophon, edited by Dr. Holden, It is interesting, not only from the subject- matter of the treaties, but also because it is the first completely 'Annotated edition of the work that has been published an England. Those who are acquainted with Professor "washaways" Social Life in Greece" will be glad to see in its native colouring the picture which Xenophon has drawn form of an Athenian country gentleman, \- Still more interesting is the unique description which this book contains of a Greek lady's education as a mistress of a household. It will be observed that Xonophon's conception of a woman's social position is a far more delicate and elevated one than is to be found in Plato or Aristotle, Plato in the " Republic " regards woman simply as physically weaker than man, and therefore likely to prove a less useful citizen and eddies. Aristotle degrades her to a position of infers, ority, little better than that of a slave. On the contrary, Xenophon, recognising the distinction between the functions of man and woman SB an ordinance of nature rather than as the result of training, assigns indoor work as the woman's vocation, where by good management and careful supervision she may supplement her husband's more active life in the field and in the various duties of the State. This treatise, therefore, contains a very strong protest against the generally accepted view, that the Greeks, even in later times, regarded their women as ciphers or so slaves, and that woman only regained her proper place in society when Toutonia self-respect and Romanes worship of the Virgin combined to form the comparatively modern idea of chivalry, Perhaps one of the most graceful end characteristic passages in the book before us occurs in answer to an objection, that the attendance upon the sick and infirm slaves who thronged in the establishment of a wealthy Athenian, might prove an onerous and disagreeable duty to the mistress of the household. " So help me, * Heaven," she replies, " that will be my pleasantest task, \- if careful nursing may touch the springs of gratitude, and increase the friendliness of those who fall under my care." Could a Florence Nightingale have * expressed in more apposite words the true charm of feminine sympathy and charity P The whole question of female education is well summed up in the concluding remark, that all that is good and beautiful in the world is increased, not by women's good looks, but by their practical virtues, > Dr Holden may deservedly be congratulated upon his contribution to our list > of school books. The present edition of the Unconscious is really a charm- ing book, enriched with copious and suggestive notes, and prefaced by an interesting explanatory introduction. Its publication at the present time is most opportune, for, with the increasing demands that are being daily made and granted for an extension of woman's education, it has been found difficult to supply classical reading books that are throughout pure in tone and at the same time fairly representative of ancient thought. The work now under consideration is absolutely free ? from coarseness, is illustrated by sentiments of elevated and practical morality, and affords a pleasing picture of . Greek home-life, drawn by a master hand at a most typical period in the country's history. If our ladies of the future are to study higher Greek, it would be "Htlioult to imagine' a reading book better suited for the purpose than the present edition of Xsnophon'a Ooconomicus, Life and Times of Sydney Smith. . By STUART J Kitn». London: Sampson Low, Manton, Searle, and Rivington. 1885. Sydney Smith deserved a good biographer. He has found one, appreciative and faithful, in Mr. Reid. The lives of men like Sydney Smith suffer at the hands of injudicious friends, and unscrupulous writers who are not friends, if they are not enemies. The first class tell almost all they know. Others, omitting the " setting " of a man's life, retail what was said or done, and the consequence is an imperfect and often a wrong impression. For the purpose of making a bad impression there are persons wicked enough to call out what was undoubtedly defective and perhaps wrong in a life like Sydney Smith's. He was a man who made some serious mistakes. had he lived till now he would have frankly said so for when convinced that he was in error no one admitted it more readily than he, What is wanted is that a biographer should come along who knows how to deal frankly with his subject, setting forth boldly the great outlines of a life, and with equally fearlessness saying that his mistakes need an apology which is cordially offered. Mr. Reid has done this for Sydney Smith, Parts of the book are slightly burdened with detail, and more of the hero of the story would have been most welcome, Sydney Smith was born at Woodford, in Essex, in 1771, of humble parentage To an heraldic compiler anxious to include the armorial bearings of the Canon of St. Paul's in his work, he sold " the Smiths never had any arms, and they have invariably sealed their letters with their thumbs." his father was an eccentric man, his mother a most excellent woman. Sydney was sent to Winchester College, where lads were half-starved and even in old age he used to wax wrathful at the remembrance of the hanger, hardship, and abuse which he suffered at that school. It did kill a boy now and again, and came near to killing Sydney and his brother Courtenay, The former received unexpected and timely encouragement from a visitor who one day found him, during play hours, absorbed in the study of Virgil, " Clever boy, clever boy said the stranger, " that is the way to conquer the world." A shilling being added to the kind word made a double ray of sunshine which he never forgot. In his last year at that school young Smith was prefect of the Hall, the highest post to be filled by a boy. Lie of forwards spent five years at Oxford, and, having completed his studies, perforce he had to become a clergyman. One can imagine the struggle of a man like Sydney Smith on being compelled to engage in a profession to which he had not given his heart, especially when that profession was the Christian ministry, Not the least trying part of it would be in the change from college life at Oxford to village life at -Nether Avon, in Wiltshire. But he was a man with a heart too tender and a conscience too fine to neglect duty in melancholy idleness. His memory lives at NetherAvon as the founder of week-day and Sunday schools, through which he showed a deep and wise interest in the young people of his parish. His acceptance of a private tutorship to young Michael Beach led him to Edinburgh. His first year there was marked by his marriage to one of the most delightful of womankind, and his second year by the commencement of the Edinburgh Review. His bride brought him a modest dowry, and he flung into her lap his entire fortune in material wealth, that is, " six small silver teaspoons, which from much wear had become the ghosts of their former selves," The several stories of the origin of the famous Review amount substantially to this. One evening Brougham, Jeffrey, and Smith met at Jeffrey's lodgings. It was proposed by Smith to set up a Review. This was acceded to with acclamation, and the proposer headed the enterprise. It was further suggested that the motto should be " Tonui musam meditating evens" \--we cultivate literature on a little oatmeal. The first number appeared in October, 1862. Jeffrey became editor and held the post till 18-0. The success was immediate and transcended the wildest expectations. To the trio named Horner must be added. Appre- ciative sketches are given of all these notable men. It became evident to Sydney Smith, with all his love for Edinburgh, that he must turn his face southward and seek to make a permanent horns. With unwilling steps he made his way to London, via said, " I shall be like a full grown tree transplanted, deadly sick at first, with bare and ragged fibres, shorn of many a roof." His connection with the Jicuieio continued, and it did not help him in the least with those who at that time had charge of Church and State affairs. Writing from London he said, "I have, as yet, found no place to preach in. Two or three random sermons I have discharged, and thought I perceived that the greater part of my congregation thought roe mad. The clerk was as pale as death in helping me off with my gown, for fear I should bite him." The little brochures which he occasionally throw off on various topics are good now His little essay on the cultivation and improvement of animal spirits is capital. Soon after he went to London, he was introduced to some of the best men and women of the time, and from that day dated a son j period of intercourse with them. Through a titled friend he was asked to deliver a course of lectures at the Royal Institution, at that time struggling into notice. Crowds attended. Writing to a friend, he said, " My lectures an just now at such an absurd piece of celebrity that I must lose a good deal of reputation before the public settles into a just equilibrium respecting them, I am heartily ashamed of my own name, because I am conscious that I do not deserve it, and that the moment men of sense are provoked by clamour to look into my claims it will be at an end," Many years afterwards he said, " My lectures are gone to the dogs, and utterly forgotten. I knew nothing of moral philosophy, but I was thoroughly aware that I wanted £200 to furnish my house." He writes other self depreciatory remarks, soon as a weak and vain man would never write. But his account of the adventure is very amusing. He ends by saying, " To the understanding of Aristotle mankind is indebted for 1300 years of quibbling and ignorance. Professors were multiplied without the world becoming wiser, and volumes of Aristotelian philosophy were written which, if piled one upon another, would have equalled the Tower of Babel in height and far exceeded it in confusion." Jeffrey said of some of these lectures, published after the author's death, that they did him as much credit as anything he ever wrote and that is saying a great deal. He was soon after presented to the living at Boston, a little parish in Yorkshire, where he spent more than 20 happy years. During that time his contributions to the press, his sermons and speeches declared him one of the foremost champions of liberty. His " Peter Plymloy" letters were not less powerful, and hardly less influential than the letters of Junius. In 1820 he removed to Combe Florey. in Somerset. It was in the days of the great outcry for Reform, He was one of the most eager in the fray. His Gate the Extraordinary caricatured the action of the Lords at the time. But his most effective utterance was his famous simile of Dame Partington, combat with the Atlantic Public feeling in regard to the Reform Bill was intense, and the action of the Lords made the nation angry. Sydney Smith's speech did more than anything else to lessen irritation, whilst it intensified the purpose of the people to have " the bill, the whole bill, and nothing but the bill." A meeting was held in Taunton, and the rector of Combe Florey was on the platform. In the course of his speech he said: " As for the possibility of the House of Lords preventing ere long a reform of Parliament, I hold it to be the most absurd notion that ever entered into human imagination. I do not mean to be disrespectful, but the attempt of the Lords to stop the progress of reform reminds me very forcibly of the great storm of Sidmouth, and of the conduct of the excellent Mrs. Partington on that occasion. In the winter of 1824 there set in a great flood upon that town the tide rose to an incredible height the waves rushed in upon the houses, and everything was threatened with destruction. In the midst of this sublime and terrible storm, Dame Partington, who lived upon the beach, was seen at the door of her house with mop and pattens, trundling her mop, squeezing out the seawater, and vigorously pushing away the Atlantic Ocean. The Atlantic was roused. Mrs Partington's spirit was up ; but I need not tell you that the content was unequal. The Atlantic Ocean beat Mrs. Part, ington. She wasoxccllentat a slop or a puddle, but she should not have meddled with a tempest. Gentlemen, be in youreaso-bo quiet and steady You will beat Mrs. Patt Ington." During the delivery of this parable he suited his action to his words. " He commenced trundling an imaginary mop and sweeping back the intrusive waves of the Atlantic with an air of resolute determination and an appearance of increasing temper. The House rose, the people cheered, and tears of superabundant laughter j trickled down the cheeks of fair women and veteran reformers," In due time the rector became also a canon of St Paul's, Whoever reads this book will see a man whose peculiarities defy imitation, but the principles and general outline of whose life cannot be too strongly commanded. He was a man who made his own homes as bright as a summer's day. Though lacking some of those traits of character supposed to be specially requisite in clergymen, he had others not always found under broadcloth or lawn ; he was eminently practical. Sydney Smith was on the side of liberty as distinguished from authority. On his tablet is a note of his love of toleration. Whoever wrote in not have stretched his own conscience more than a little there. Mr. Reed, the author of this book, quietly passes over this aspect of his hero's life with the remark that it was mistaken. It is one of the unaccountable things which may happen even in England, that a man like Sydney Smith spent nearly all his life in two of the smallest parishes to be found, Literature and politics may have gained by the circumstance. This biography should be followed by the erection of a suitable memorial of his life. Sir Moses Montefiore, a Centennial Biography. By LticiKV WOLF. John Murray: London. 1884. This is a sketch of the first 100 years of Sir Moses Montefiore's life. The venerable philanthropist has fairly started for another centenary, and should death continue to forget him, a second volume of his life may be expected in 1085. By an incident of travel Sir Moses was born at Leghorn instead of London, October 24, 1784, in the Via Reale. The house is still pointed out. On his mother's side his lineage is of great antiquity ; she was a " Mocatta." When a young man he was of a handsome presence, over six feet in height, and was a great favourite of his rich relatives, belonging to the firm of Messrs. Mocatta and Goldsmid. They purchased for him the right to practise as one of the twelve Jewish brokers licensed by the city. On the Exchange his amiable disposition rendered him popular, and he was one of the first to issue a weekly price list. But the Montefiores owed much of their success to their connection with Nathan M. Rothschild, the bold speculator and shrewd financier. This took place in 1912, when Moses married Judith, a daughter of Levi Barent Cohen, one of whose daughters was the wife of the great Rothschild. The two young men were intimate friends, and between them their business soon assumed an enormous magnitude. Nearly a million of men were under arms against Napoleon in 1613, and these great financiers brought out a loan of £12,000,000 to help the British Government. In their office was known as much of the progress of the war as was known in Downing-street itself, and frequently they had first news of events. In 162-1, his brother dying and leaving him a fortune, which, added to his own wealth, made him a rich man, he retired from the Stock I Exchange. With a few companies he kept up his connection. In 1627 he undertook his first visit to the Holy Land. At Jerusalem he and his wife were received with great cordiality. The dispelling of their illusions in regard to Jerusalem is told in plaintive words by the amiable Judith, What they saw had much to do with their subsequent philanthropic lives. impressed with what he had seen of the sufferings of his co-religionists in the East, Mr. Montefiore resolved soon after his return from Palestine to take a more active part in the public life of the Anglo-Jewish community. Already there existed a representative body charged with the duty of watching all chances of emancipation, for in England itself the Jews suffered under many disabilities. This body was joined by Mr. Montefiore. There existed an old statute declaring that no Jew could acquire a freehold. Mr. Montefiore bought an estate near Ramsgate, where he now lives, which was one of the most authoritative caRes of disregarding that restrictive law, if not the first of its kind in England. The association referred to gave attention in 1828 to the repeal of the Test and Corporation Acts. The author says : " The Deputsdos became the soul of the agitation, and Mr. Montefiore the soul of the Deputadoe." The Acts named were repealed in 1829. This was followed by other steps for the relief of the Jews, in which Mr. Montefiore was always one of the most conspicuous characters. The Commons were not easily won, but after a bill for the repeal of the civil disabilities of the JOWB had two or three times passed the Commons the Lords threw it out. in 1837 Mr. Montefiore he came sheriff of London, and the Queen on entering London on Lord Mayor's Bay conferred the honour of knighthood on the new sheriff. During the next year he started again for the Holy Land. The cause of Jewish emancipation in England seemed safe in the many hands that supported it. There was more work in the care of fewer compatriots abroad. The journey through the Holy Land resembled a Royal progress and his entrance to the city was princely. Having made diligent inquiries as to the condition of his countrymen, Sir Moses made haste to lay their cause before Mehemet Ah, at Alexandria, who gave him every promise of assistance ; but, alas ! for human purpose- and hopes, Mehemet Ali himself soon afterwards fell from power. In 1840 there occurred one of those strange cases of accusing Jews of private sacrificial murder. The story is graphically told in chapter 7, under the head of the Damascus Drama." Under the leadership of Sir Moses Montefiore the most vigorous steps were taken to stop the persecution and massacre of Jews which ensued. Quieter but not less useful work was done at home during the next five years, and then Sir Moses turned his attention to the affairs of his countrymen in Russia and Poland. In 1846 he went to Russia and obtained an interview with the Emperor. On his return his countrymen received him with great honour, and some of the nobility and princes of England attended a banquet given in his honour. At his instance the old struggle to remove the civil disabilities of the Jews in England was renewed with vigour and Eucosse. In 1858 Jewish disabilities were repealed, but Sir Moses still found his saddest and most difficult work abroad. Russian and Turkish Jews continued to need his powerful aid, and he gave it ungrudgingly. This sketch of Sir Moses contains also many appreciative references to his amiable and accomplished wife. She appears to have been a most congenial companion to her large-hearted husband. Her own notes of travel (and she went with her husband in all his journeys up to the year 1856) show a fine spirit and considerable literary merit. After her death, and when Sir Moses had passed his 80th year, he undertook his well-known journey to Morocco. Some of his later years have been, if possible, busier than any that went before. Ten years ago he set out on his seventh journey to Palestine, the fourth foreign mission in his ninth decade. There is much in this book which will be of more interest to Jewish than to other readers and the narratives meant to lead up to the occasion for Sir Moses Montefiore's action bore and there would not have suffered if they had been shortened. But the author had a subject full of inspiration to himself and tboueauda of appreciative readers. They will forgive him, and so may all others, since the subject of this story is one of the faithful and good of the earth, who has shown many, if not all, of the strong and gentle virtues inculcated in Holy Writ. 