/ notices are from last issue I , iszette' : — New 'icenses. — J. **- j tn, 4350a, Flowerdale ; D. Chiyst^ , zina block, 340. containing 11,896 ; J. D uherty , 2a, Flowerdale ; D. Xntosh, 117a, Yea; T. Uuderwood, 'i . Yea- Lioensa RsvuteJ : J. F. 320a, Monea North. New lease : Anderson, lG2a, Mangalore. :V!1 the portion of FJowardale east of King Parrot Creek has been gazetted ?_'i0 licensing district. 1 t will bo remem r--d that when first requested to have done, some 'enius in the Ijawdepart :it replied that such would mean a loss ? the revenue. The document should . framed by the Yea Shire Council, and ?pt as a curiosity f- »r future generations. Fallowing rents have been faxed for vi-year ending September 30th - — v^nel run, L. Jones, £106 ; Dropmore, H. Crystal, £113 10s ; Mangalore. L. 'les. £28 3s 9d ; Kathkin, M. B. I S-inzie, £15 5s ; Gobu«-, Bowe and ? -ldard, £86 5s 6d , Tareoinbe, A. J alay, £19 7»6d; Upton, L. Jones, £46; : itzeiland, J. Beun, £66 12s 6d ; ?Vcheron, Murray and Sttadiui; £56 6b V;; Flowerdale, D. Ferguson, £32 17s ; Major's Lane, F. Koberteon, £61 ; ; itchell'B Creek, F. Robertson, £91, ^orrhirood, F. Robertson, £31 : Beeoy J-eek, M. K. M'Eenzie, £66 12s 6d ; Sr.udw Creek, M- B. M'Kenzie, £11 2s 3 I ; Banning Creek, 1L B. ll'Kenae, 1.55 7b 6d. The Australian Hand Boot 1885. — Messrs Gordon and Gotchr the well .-mown publishers of Melbourne, Lon .on, Sydney, and Brisbane, have issued another edition of their very useful publication, 'The Australian Hand Book, and Shippers and Importers Directory for 1885,' which has now reached its sixteenth year of issue. The resent volume which is necessarily in ?reused in size to keep pace with the pro gress of all the colonies, is one of the very : .est books cf the kind extant, and should '?-e. if not in the hands of the pupils, at :eist in those of all our State school ? eachere, to whom it would be found of mease service in a variety of ways. The history and descriptive account of Australia, and also the various colonies -f Australia, New Zuland, Fiji, and New ' Guinea is of immense value from an edn xitionul point of view, while the statistics of each with commercial, banking and '?ther details is recognised as of great ad vantage to the business world. A list is iriven of the principal cities^ and towns m all the colonies, with a complete directory and business guide of London shippers to Australia New Zealand etc., importers in the colony, with - other im portant features. Maps of all the colonies corrected up to the latest date possible are added, showing the great extension of the railways all over the Australian con tinent. A new and novel addition has been made by the inclusion of a map index which gives the latitude and longitude of every city, town, or centre of popu'ation, thus saving time when searching for place on the map. The price of the volume, which we notice is more strongly bound than formerly, is this year fixed at ten shillings and six peace, a marvel of cheapnes for such as invaluable work. The ordinary monthly meeting of tlie Yea Shire Council will be held on Saturday next The Seymour council will meet on following Tuesday. Messrs Tristan, Collas and Co. an nounce a sale of household furniture and sundries at the lesidence of J. If. Kelly, Esq., Yea, on to-morrow (Satur day) The sale will commence at 2 o'clock punctually. The Kiimore Dramatic Club, assisted by some Seymour ladies and geatlemea, gave an entertainment in Perron's Assem bly Hall on 20th inst., in aid of the local Boman Catholic school. The first part of the programme opened with a piano forte overture rendered with taste and expression by Miss Dowling, after which Mr E. Williams scored a great Buccess with 'The Death of Nelson ?' Miss O'Callaghan and Mr Moyle followed with the duet, 'Oh, Maruana' which was well received, and Mr Brent came next with the popular song ' Poor out the Bhme Wine.' Mr J. F. O'Shea contri buted 'The Skipper -md his Flap,' and Mr Moyle gave an excellent rendition of ' l'he Star of Love.' A pianoforte duet by the Misses Dowling and Trainor was received with prolonged applan-se, an acknowledgement aiso accorded to Miss O'Callaghan'^ ''I dreamt that I dwelt' This terminated the first put of the programme and after an interval of ten minutes, the burlesque of Bue Beard was produced in a manner that would have reflected credit on a Metropolitan company. The character of Fatima was entrusted to Mm Bishop ; and the selection was happy in the' extreme. From first to laBt the much disturbed daughter of the hoary headed Ibrahim was presented as she must have existed in flesh and blood in the historic days of Bine Beard. Miss Minnie Brown was equally successful as Sister Anne, a. fact frequently testified by the 'applause of the audience. Mr Oonabere as Blue Beard was almost per fection ; and to his natural and finished actiiiga large part of the euccess which attended the piece was undoubtedly due. I i is conception of the character displayed histrionic ability of no mean order, while h;s local bits caused peals of laughter from eray part of die building. Selim f'tuud an excellent representative in Mr £ Williams, una Mr Helms gave a good delineation of the volatile Ibrahim. The characters of Abdalla and Xiadi, two R-.-sshers, were very creditably sustained by Messrs Skeehan and Smeafam; and Mrtftudd was successful as Shacabac At the :? conclusion of the entertainment Father Farrelly d ?slivered a ?humorous speech ; and cent the audience away in I v™ - hunor. The proceeds amounted to L3H0. The bast snake story we have yet heard of comes from Yea. . A few, rveuiuge ago, Mr EL M'Lean, better known as Kenny M'Lean, was passing away thr riaie in his bush quarters at Switzerland, by playing ' The Carop tall's are Cowiu' ' on the bagpipes. Suddenly a tiger snake four feet long sprang from the bed a few feet dis tant, where it was coiled on the pillow, and twisting itself round Kenny's arm, commenced striking at the pipes in a furious maimer. The cool-headed Highlander, however, never lost his presence of mind, but continued blow ing, until not alone the house. but the whole surrounding bush for an area of three miles was all a mass of wild sonorous harmony. After about live miuutes, the snake relaxed its hold, and casting a despairing look at the green beHows of the pipes, dropped on the floor, aud after one convulsive struggle gave up the ghost On Friday evening a juvenile enter tainment consisting of vocal and intsru mental music ; a spelling bee and tableaux vivauis was given in Perron's Assembly Hall in aid of funds of Christ Church Sunday School. The musical portion of the programme was under the direction of Miss Dacorob, and her pupils took the principal parts in the concert. The programme opened with a hymn by the Sunday School, after which Miss Dacomb's diss gave a nice rendering of ' Happy Are We.' This was followed by the song Lilly Dale, excellently given by Miss Merci Key. The proceedings were then en livened by a tableau representing Cinderella leaving the ball room, a subject fully appreciated by the youth ful portion of the audience.- A spelling bee under the direction of Mr Bishop was nest held ; and caused a good deal of fan. First few words were very simple, and failure appeared far away in the distance. On second round, however, two were floored on coloneL Three more dropped before fulfil ; and the whole class fell before ecstasy. The next puzzler was found in intelligent ; and on this word, one lad, E. Bradley, was pat back by aiisteke. Sincerely knocked over two more, and the same number came down before tobacco. Finally George Bishop, Emily Robin son, Nelly Bolton, and Percy Renou, were declared winners of honors. Miss B, Renou, a young lady of about seven summers, next gave a really creditable rendition of ' What little Boys are made of.' She possesses a soft and musical voice, which should improve wonderfully if properly cultivated. The class followed with ' The C lacker f and Miss Key gave ' Wings' with a taste and precision scarcely to be expected from one so youug. After another tableaux repre senting a scene in the life of Esther, Master P. Renou sang ' I'm Afloat,' but the song was scarcely suited to his *-oice. A recitation in parts The Children of the Year,' was creditably rendered by the class, after which ' The Death of Co«k Kobin,' brought down the house. Miss A. Hensba.ll recited ' The Spider and the Fly,' in an excellent manner, and Miss Key followed with *' Those Distant Bells,' which was well received. Miss Mitten delivered the prologue to ' Red Riding Hood,' in creditable style, after which a tableaux from the piece caused great fun amongst the little ones. Auother spelling bee and a few numbers by the class brought to a close what must be Icoked upon as an excellent juvnile entertainment, and one which spoke volumes for Miss Dacomb's excellence as a music teacher. It was announced on Sunday last by the Rev. \V. Green that Friday next being Good Friday, Divine Service will be held in Christ Church at 7.30 p.m. On the following Sunday, Faster Day, there will be a short service, and an addresB to the young at 11 a. m aud at the evening service the sacrament of the Lord's Supper will be administered. The Lord Bishop of Melbourne will visit Seymour on April 22nd, and administer the rite of confirmation, and the next day he will visit Tallarook. On Tuesday evejing the residents of Tallarook and surrounding districts en tertained Mr J. W. Iiarter, late station master, at a ball and supper prior to his departure to Ballarat, where he and his brother-in-law have commenced business as auctioneers and estate agenta. Nearly a hundred guests attended, and when the usual loyal tnasts were disposed of Mr P. 3. Dockeiy, rice chairman, proposed 'Onr Guest.' He said it required very few words to testify the regard and esteem in which Mr Larter was held in the district, the large number of persons present bearag ample testimony. He hoped Hr Xerter would have a long and successful career in his new sphere. If he only devoted half the attention to his own business that he did to that of the department in Tallarook, his success was pretty certain. The toast was received with musical honors, and Mr Larter briefly replied, sincerely thanking those present fur their kindness on the occasion of his departure from amongst them. *- The Railways'- was proposed by Mr Brown (chairman), and responded to fay Mr M'Cor, who spoke at some length »n the advantages which he considered would follow the ap Cintment of the commissioners. 'The dies' was proposed by the Bev. W_ John stone in a humorous speech, and responded to by Mr Trietaj. The toast of the Host aoi Hostess was also duly honored, after which the hall in cleared for dancing, which was kept up with spirit till the Rtna.ll hootis of the rooming. Doting tlie evening a handsomely illuminated address and a parse of sovereigns were pre.--ent;d h. Hr Larter, who leaves the district with the good wishes of all who knew him. Uraijiaiy monthly meeting or Seymour Tree Fibrary committee was taeld on Wed nesday evening. Present — Messrs daricnou (in chair). M'Farlane, Benou, Fuller, Bishop Pureed, and Tristan. The librarian re puted that £t had been received since 2as( meeting, aud that one new subscriber had been added to the institute. Mr Fuller ex plained that new boohs had not yet been pur chased, but suggestion bo-»k was now on the table, go that subscribers could recommend any wo.-fca they deared. It was decided to two extta lamps, -to be plaeedon £acfc side wall. Messrs U'Failane, daikson, Tristan, and Fuller woe appointed a sub. committee to call for tenders for fencing the ground. Jdew South Wales revenue shows a !-ig increase for last quarter We regret rery much to have to record the death of Mr Andrew Porter, | no old and respected resident of this ? district, which melancholy event took 1 place at his residence, Tallarook Flats, 1 on JFriday, after a long and protracted illness Deceased gentleman, who was ; sixty-five years of age, was a resident ; if Raphoe, County Donegal, Ireland, and was an old colonist, having arrived in the coiony in '53. Since then the greater portion of his time was spent in this .district, where his quiet un assuming character, and many good qualities earned for him the respect and esteem of all who knew him. His remains were interred in the Seymour cemetery on Monday, and were followed to the grave by a large and imposing cortege. The funeral service was read by the Rev. Mr M'Farlane, who paid a high tribute to the high and sterling character of deceased. Messrs Levien and Du ffy, ITs .LA, visi ted Bey moor on yesterday, for the purpose of inspect ing the public buildings, with a view of the Govermeot providing tetter accomodation. It wa£ pointed out that both the court house and . poet office were altogether too small for the requirements of the town; and that although frequent promises had been made, the matter was persistently ignored by successive j ministers. In die evening the visitors were en- 1 tertamed at dinner in the Assembly TT^ll - but ! 28 conseqoence of holiday mail arrangements I we were unable to wait for report. j 