The Romance of Tows. SOME QUEER PROMISES AND PLEDGES MADE BY ECCENTRIC HUMANITY. The annals of chivalry abound in records of vows, more or less romantic or absurd. For inatanoe, Queen Joan of. Naples, at a grand feast at her castle of Gartte, honoured the Knight Galeazzo of Mantua, hy opening the ball with him. When the dance was finished the grateful knight knelt down before his royal partner, and to fitly express his acknowledg ment of tho honour he had reoeived, ho took a solemn vow to wander through the world, visiting every oountry where feats of arms were performed, and not rest until he had subdued two valiant knights and presented them as prisoners at his Queen's footstool, to be disposed of at her royal pleasure. Sure enough the doughty warrior, after a year spent in wandering all over Europe, returned like a cat with a mouse in her mouth, and laid his two prisoners at the feet of Queen Joan. The Queen took the gift very gra ciously and, the admiring historian tells us, ' ' declined her right to impose rigorous conditions on her cap tives, and gave them liberty without ransom." Whether they properly punished Sir Galeazzo'for his interference with their personal rights we are not told. Some regard a vow as a restraining bond of a very elastic oharaoterindeed. espeoially when it interferes with their desires. Benedick, when, he found his vow of celibacy too great a strain upon him in tho firesenbe of his Beatrice's charms, disposes of it fear essly and finally, with the plea, "When I said I would die a bachelor, I did not think that I should live till I were married." ,.. Often we have the letter of the vow, evaded with some special reasoning; and the spirit then broken with impunity. For instance, à'modern Rip Van. Winkle vowed that ho would never "drink another drop of liquor as long as he had hair on his head. A few hours later he was met coming out of a barber's shop with a poll as hairless as that of a babe. Voltaire tells in One of his romances bf a widow who vowed she would never marry again " as long as the river flows by the side of the hill." Damsels in love often make strange vows. We all remember the caso of poor Miss Harrisham, in 'Dickens' story, who was BO overcome by her lover's failure to appear at the wedding that she ordered everything in the house to- be kept unchanged as it had been on that hapless day. Years went by, the wedding: feast. remained set on the table, the rich cakes moulded and were eaten by the mice, while the poor, half-demented lady flitted in and out of the deserted rooms of the house like a ghost, always wearing the white dress and veil which she had put on to welcome the faithless lover who never'came. A similar case to this was that of a lady of high rank in England, who, being jilted by her lover, went to bed and vowed she would n9ver get up again, and kept her word for twenty-six years.. A less.excuBable case than this was that of a man, who, finding that his wife was disposed to demand too muoh hardwork from him, took to his bed with the avowed determina tion to stay there. And for twenty-two years this »worthless old scamp staid between the sheetB while his wife waited upon him and f edbim with a persistent devotion. Vows of perpetual silonco are numerous, the only trouble being that those who need this vow most do not take it. Miss Caroline Brewer in 1840 vowed she .never would _ speak another word to any human being because* she had a quarrel with her lover. For ?35 years, until the day of her'death, she" was heyer known to utter a word. Some years ago three Bisters lived, together. Two of them .quarrelled "and vowed never to speak to each other again. They did not speak for over 20 years, when one of them died, the other refusing to speak to her oven on her death-bod. "Where are you coming to?''shouted a fellow on the . ice, as one of the skaters ran into him iull speed. "I j am coming tó grief, old man," was the reply, as they ¡ both threw np tlrtir Heels, ... ' î 