Round tlic Bivouac Fire (Poem for Recitation.) Sahvku K? Gowax, MJL, in Ths Theatre, I Bound tho bivouno flro, at midnight, lay tho ?weary warrior-band; Bloody vera their spears with elaughtor: gory was oaoh hero's hand : For tho ghastly fight was ended : from each soul ft whisper caveo : " God of Battles t wo havo triumphod : hol lowed be Thy Mighty Namo I , ' It was beautiful, At midnight, whon tho bloody war waa done, Whon tho battle clashed no longer, aod no longer blazod tho nun, Calmly, in tho balmy otarlight, to repose out wearied limbs, Not a Bound to stir tho stillnoa?, save tho sound of holy hymns : " Thou hast given us tho glory: Thou host oast our locs to shame 1 God of Battles! wo havo triumphed: hal lowed bo Thy mighty natno I Thou baet given us tho glory: Thou bast bade our troubles cense: Thou art great as God of Battles: Thou art boot as God of Peace 1" Potveeful waa tho world around thorn: iv tho 'peaceful summer bluob Watohod tha sentry stare above them, liko tho host of angel-eyes: . Shone tho sentinnl stars in oplandour on ench Blumbering hero's head, And tho moonlight gleamed in glory on tha dying and tho dead, Bo?ily -wore tho night to morning: cheerily. 'at their heart's desiro, Hang tho eoldicra songs of triumph, round ' the ruddy bivouac flre: Flushed thoir faces were with glory: strong iwere thoy, and brave, and tall: But ; the tender tears of childhood bathed the bvavettt faeo of nil I Peniive, by tho gloaming firelight, mute the lonely warrior stood: In his hand a paper grasped he, scrawled with .lottare, large and orudo: In Mo gory hands ho grasped it; nud the ten dor childly tear, From hie manly bosom welling, bathed tho blood upon bis spear 1 Silent wore the night to morning: silont, at their heart's desiro, Watching lay tho weary warriors, round tho gleaming bivouao tire: " What's tho news from England, oornrado I What's tho sorry nowa for theo, From tho friends we loft behind us, ond bur homo boyond the eoa ? " Then tho gory paper oped ho, scrawled with letter*, crude and wild: ?' Little newa from England, comrades: 'tie a lottor from my child." " From our morry babes in England, woloomo ia the nowa I " they said : And'tho Boldiers lay in silence, while the war rior rose and read: " Little brothor died at Christinas: mother told mc not to tell; ** But I think it better, fathor, for you eaid, ' Tho dead ara well. . He was buriod sjdo o' Mary—raotbor sinoo has never smiled— Till wo meot, good-bye, dear father—from your littlo loving child! " Silont woro tho night to. morning; eilont, at their soul's deaire_, Lay the warriors, lost in dreaming, round the dying bivouao firs; Home were they, onoo more, in England I milos wero thoy from warn alarms 1 Hark) tho sudden bugle sounding 1 Hark 1 tho ory : " To a-'caa 1 to arms I" Out from ambush, out from thicket, charged tho foemon through the plain ; | " Up, my warriors I arm, my horooe 1 Striko for God and homo, again I For our homes, our babes, our country!" And tho ruddy morning light Flared on brandished falohions bloody still ?with gore of yesternight 1 Purple grow tho plain with alftaghtor—stood and rider, side by eido; And tho crimson day of carnage in a crim son sunsot died: Shuddering on tho field of battle glimpsed tho starlight overhead, And tho moonlight, ghost-Uko, glimmered on tho dyfri? and tho doad I Faint and few, around the Cto-light, woro the Htrotohod, outwearied limbs: Faint and fow tho horo-voicoa that uproso in holy hymns: Few tho warriore loft to whisper, " Thou haet oast our Xoea to sharao: God of Battles 1 wo havo triumphed: hal lowed be Thy mighty Name I" On the purple plain of slaughtor, who is thia that smiles in rest, With a shred of gory paper lying on his mangled breast? Naught romainiug, save a fragment, scrawled with letters, orudo and wild : " Till wo meet, good-by, dear father—from your little loving olnld I" P.aiso him softly: lift him gently stanoh hie lifo-blood, ebbing slow : Hβ is breathing—he is whispering—what is this he murmurs low ? " Saved Imy ohild—my homo—my oountry 1 Father, give my pangs release: Thou art great as God of Battles: Thou art beat aa God ol Feaoo 1" 