Owiug to tho actiou of the Legislature in. abolishing the use of the totalisator ou nil race courses in South Australia, tho annual Cup meetiug of tho club was held in Victoria, tho first day's racing taking place at/ Flomiugtou on 2nd May in the presenco of a fair number of spec tators. Tho opening event, tho First Hnrdlo Race, was won by t.ho~top weight Sir .Patrick, with Old Soul second and Echo third. Silver King was greatly fancied for tho St. Loger, but Tho Broker avenged his Sydney defciit. Saudal being tho oulj- other starter. ' The Gosdwood Handicap fell to Lantern, who led nourly nil the way aud won without au effort, Lord Wilton second and The Ghost third. Juniiiiu, 'lteiiius* and ' Tile i'Tenclier'were'tlie' only three starters for the Sires' .Products Stakes, and finished in that, order ; a pleasant day's racing being brought to a conclusion by 1'yret to win ning tho Victoria'; Handicap, attended by Meander and Hpnora. The second day's racing, which had been j»ostpoued for two days owiug to the rainy weather,' took' place on- tho 9th inst;' ': Sir ; H. B. and Lady Loch ; and party were amongst those present on the course. Tho opening event on the card was a Maiden -Plate, which only brought forth threo starters. Capri won without difficulty from Gohanna and -Hninpstead. In tho. Nursery Hnndicnp Pemus wns' successful. Honeycomb being second and Ulnlumc third.* For the Ade laide Cup there- were seventeen starters, Conjecture, Britisher and Lantern being the favorites. ' None of tho three, how ever, got a place, Mr. E. W. Ellis's Lor.l Wilton wiuniug in: good style from Auchoritei while Sardius was* third. The winner was second to ? Lantern for the Goodwood Handicaj) on the previous Saturday. Ho is a' South Australian bred horse, and is the property of an Adelaide sports man, so thathis winning .the Adelaide Cup run at Fieiniugtou is very npproprinte. In the race Hobart's rider, T. Browii,lostliis seat, aud several of the horses went over him, but fortunately he was not seriously injnrcd.. Tho Selling Hurdle1 Race resulted in n walk over for Fusilier, who was bought in for .£100: and the Flying Hahdicnp, the last race of tjie day. resulted in a win for Middleniarch. witli Miss Merlin secoud and Arsenal third . ; A very successful raco jiiei'tiug was held at Moonce yalloy on 21st ult., the weather being beautifully fine, the attendance largo, and the racing of nu interesting character; ' Tlie open ing event, the Trial Stakes,, was won by Honeycomb, wlia boat Derision, by a head', while Carbuncle, who wns third : was onlv n head behind the socond. The Flyer won. tho Auction Selling Hace, Hannibal' and Little King being socoriil and third ; anrl the April Handicap resulted in.-n dead heat between East, Lynnc and Plato, aud in the run off the former only won cleverly by a little over, a neck. Seven horses started for the Handicap Steople-. chase, nil of whom completed the course,: and' after a good race 3-ollar won with something in hand from Topsail and Tundstickor. ? The Flyer won his second race during the nftdrnoon by appropriating the Handicap Selling-'. 'Kane, and added £50. to the funds by his sale. Tho . last race, tho Vineyard Handicap,' hrid a iijld of eight horsss, and though Dclamin \yas regarded with liiost favor, tho winner turned iip: in. Derision, -who won rather easily from Mookra ami Jack Ashore, and thus terminated ri capital afternoon's sport. / A rncn meetiug took placo ni 'Cuul field on 25th April, which was moderately affended.'biit tho sport wns of tin. exceedingly .interesting'' character. The Selling line.', which initiate.l tho proceedings, was won bv tho favorite -Wanna, whos-? sale rcals^d i'20 to the club, and tho Hnrdlo Itace which succeeded fell to nnother favorite in Minerva, Chalsworth . and Dunleary b?ing second nnd third. The Glen Huntly il'andicnp was. appropriated by .Unriis, who was also mostin demand with the public : but the .Steeplechase was somewhat of 'trjitrm.-n, as on the first occasion the rncn was rnn'ull tlio riders inndo a mistnko and went, the wrong course, in coitsequeJice of ~which tho stewnr-ls decided if, shfiuld ba run over again. In tho rnco proper Gran vi lie (who -,nmc in (irsl'in the ' no race') won rather, easily -from Native aud Clni-ence, nnd the; concluding event, of the day, the Annntlnlo Handicap, fcirio another favorite in Topaz, with St. Lawronce and Mtvindcr ? second jiiid third. -.. ..'-?' Tho intercoloniiil oighl.-oar rowing champion- - ship. contest took place ou Sniurdny, 25th April, over the champion course on the Pnrramattn Kiver, when crows representing New South Wales, Victoria, Tasmania and Queensland com peted. The weather was most favorable, there being a cloudless sky and u breeze so soft and gentle that it scarcely caused a .ripple on tho water, Great interest wns , evinced by the public iu tho eoiite.st.it; being estimated that -from 8000 to 3 0,000 spectators thronged the various ' steamers aud took up positions at tho different points of vantage along the course. Immediately beforo the race the Victorian nnd Now Soutli Wnles crews wero caiial favorites, tho representatives of Ouosns land .and Tasmania being considered to havo inferior chances, though tho splendid physique of tho representatives of tho liortheru colony occasioned much ndmiring comment. Shortly, nfter four o'clock a very even start, -was made, and at. tho end of tho. first mile. the Victorians had gained a lead.of nclear length, . tho Now .South -W.nlcs crew being second, Queenslnud third and Tnsinnnia last. This order, wns. mnintuinpd until Blaxlnnd's Point wns ?? reached, whbn New South Wales went to tho front nnd mniutninod tho lead to tho finish, Avinning by abont two lengths, Victoria wns second, Tasmania third and Queensland last. Thctimo laken was 19 min. 28 soc, which may be considered an excellent record, as, the raco 'was rowed against a flood tido and ngainst the wind, though tho latter was not strong. A banquet was given in tho evening to tho crews by the New South Wales Hawing Association. V. On tho Melbourne cricket ground oil Satur dnj\ 25th April, the Caledouinn Society held its lirst annual sports meeting. '? During the afternoon not less than 7000 people were present. Thirty-five o vents appeared on the programme, the last of which was not finished until tho--dnrkuesi — hud.- fairly— set— in.. Sir Henry nnd Lady Loch nnd suite arrived oil the grouud shortly before three o'clock, and re mained until the aftwiirtou -was well- ad vanced ' 