GEOLOGY AT KOOINGAL. m One hundred and ten miles south, and a little west of Rockhampton, past the Prairie plains, among the isolated mounds far away beyond the back of the Dee mountains is my present location. Having by public liberality nr a Kivwnal nnmose. enioved a lone scienti fic holiday, and thus been enabled to place a few stones on the cairn of local geology, with satisfactory, if not sufficient results — to be independent, to make the pursuit self supporting, to extend research, and gain acquaintance with new districts, a building contract was entered into, aad is now in pro gress for the Messrs. Archer, junr., of Tbors dale. It has been demonstrated again and again that the study of geology is not incom patible with a life of labour. Xor need there be any hesitating dread of exile to a barren spot} for there is this to say of the Queensland bush, that nature's prolific fecundity is per fectly marvellous over the whole area. If there is not one thing, there is some other ever charming, interesting, and new. liotany, zoology, entomology, ornithology, and of course geology always unfold the lessons of their voluminous pages to all who will only look on and allow no time for idle-set or weariness. It is the time of tbe opening of the spiculated flocculent scarlet blossoms, shining among the deen-creen steel-blue foliage that feed on the essences of the rocks, among the humid soil on the banks of the bosky creeks. It is also thetimeof thebnildingof nests, and therefore of the singing of birds, producing nature's ravishing chorus. There is also abundance of wholesome food, consisting of the four great ingredients of the chemistry of common life fat, fibrine, starch, and sugar, while tbe theine of the tea acts as the incomparable antidote of undue tissue waste — it is Aus tralia's tropic bounty. Moreover, the local option, or rather no-option clause, is in full force; the nearest rum shop is thirty miles off. This makes a happy camp. There is no clamouring for J . P-s criminal judges, or police ; there are cheques to be earned, as the weft and the woof of the wire webs are woven round the woodlands, or the wells sunk, the dams banked, and the homesteads erected. Give a man his health, and I have no further pity for him. The more work the better. On the journey up, fainly, fondly would we have lingered at Stanwell, our own Stanwcli, the future classic Cromarty of Rockhampton geology. Mr. Lamond's collection grows apace, his verandah and tables are loaded with fossils from the creek at the back of hia garden. Von gather the shells there, not glistening white as on the tidal sandti at Beachton and Emu Park. There is nothing to be seen but blueish brick-size nodules, lying promiscuous on the wide flat bottom of the creek bed, but geology shows you these pebbles were once mud of an old ocean bottom, and a few dexterous hammer taps along the line of cleavage, and shells of varied old world form in plentiful profusion are found locked up in the heart of the-e stones, shells double and tdncJe, curled and coiled, screwed and scrolled, lobed and lamniillated, corrugated like the tooth conili, or curved around with many folds of semicircular symmetry, every geometric line and sweep of tracery more perfect than the etchings and chasings of the graver's tool, and they are to bo commended as patterns to our goldsmiths for future ornaments. They are in splendid pre servation. That simple ooze has been an admirable conservatory matrix, and kept them safe through all the revolutions of the worlds surface for millions of railleniums. T rarfcuntv fWJ nlea&ed; at beinz the means of introducing him to his so very fertile fossil field. But there is yet a higher guerdon for those who yet shall trace these torrent-tossed and water- worn fragments up to their source. The journey up was one ovation. Proffers of assistance and guidance to likely spots were freely offered by diggers, lengthsmen, bush men, farmers, shepherd kings, witli samples from the stores they have beeu gathering, since their atteu tiou has been called to the elevating work ; but this was not to me as personal, it was a tribute to our noble science. There is no apathy, indiBerence, or want of interest among the neighbnun- now, at these ghosts conic from their graves in questionable scioutific shape, unfolding talcs of wonder from tlie far ever lasting, aud in the very fact they once had life, so verv lone ago, they make u mute L'it eloquent appeal to our higher natures , au'&keuiog; thoughts of our concerns and ^ destinies, i After passing Wycarbah, the locality and fro* dfjwit tf &» toUJw driers, wd\ winged branching big fronds, the fossils Cor a. time, as far as is yet known, disappear ; aud there is little wonder, when you contemplate tlie remains of the terrible tidal devastating lava deluges that have beeu spread over tlm part of the country. Tlie Crimean war has furnished a good deal of the nomenclature of Uockhauipton and its district, in street aud lane, port and wharf, and at Westwood two mountains, MalakoB* and Sebastopol, frown like fortresses over against each other ; but the most interesting are the cones, near Mr. Hobler's. These are the vent* of old volcanoes. The harder residuum that tilled the pipes as the fires died out. These craters were wide below and narrow at the mouth on the principle of the choke-bore and chaml-ered artillery, which no doubt added force to the detonating explosions. It might have been from these the clouds of ashes came that smothered tbe fossil vegetation of Sandy Creek. These ashes are not what we under stand as the residue of burut organic matter, but are the atoms of the rocks torn apart l-y sheer farce, as if a forest were turned iutn sawdust in a moment, and driven in clouds before the cyclone. They fell in fine stratified layers having tue appearance of an aqueous deposit. Mr. Jack tells me from the sample sent, that Stanwell building stone quarry is built on a foundation of volcanic ashes. A tine view of the Berserker hills is obtained from these Westwood cones at a distance of forty miles, and a peep at them is a great relief to the eye, after tbe monotony of the gum-tree wilderness along the road. They have a whitish appearance at a distance, due to an encrusting lichen, indented like the oak leaf, and pnimated like the stag-born. At their base in the creek the granite appears, and where tlie basalt joins it, like steel welded on the face of an iron chisel, we yet find lenticular columnar crystals lying side by side in long rod-like lumps like the strands of a telegraph cable, miniature Staffas, and Giant's Causeways. At Stewart's Creek there is a fine display of columnar basalt, and at Mt. Scoria near KooingaL Immediately on crossing tiie Dee, you enter on those great, wide, almost level, prairie, black -soil plains, and the evident pnrpose and utility of the great old basaltic outbursts are very apparent. Had there been nothing but the granite. Central Queensland wonld have been a Sahara of sand, but that judicious mixture in microscopic crystals of felspar, magnesia, potash, alum, silicia, iron, and other ingredients, makes it tlie Land of the tiolden Fleece and the bovine bank when there is moisture, I have been lucky to come here The district is rich in fossils, but I must defer what can be said of them until further exploration. November 1, I8S5. 