A GHOST'# FALSE STORY. /GIOBE.) Finis Allen, who Is registered an oonvlct No, 2,DOS, has boon serving a lifo sontonoo in Fort Madison Penitentiary, Iowa, sinoe November,' 1870, for the murder of John Long, an old farmer of Freemont County. He was ponvlctod on tho testimony of Long's wife, who opnfojsed to having been an accomplice in the orinjo. and tyoy, after having been imprisoned over four years, the Senate Investigating Committee has con cluded fhat Allen wob perfectly innooent of the orlmo, and has un&nfmoq8ly; reported in favour of his immediate pardon, Tho testi mony upon whloh this report is based un folds one of tho most curious Btorles oi circumstantial evidence that evor was told, and has in it a supernatural element whioh adds greatly to tho sfrapgeness of tho tale. It 1b thus told by a Dos Moines oorrespon dont of tho New York Times,-" Finis Allen iB the Bon of a farmer, but ho was delicate from his boyhood, and instoad of working, like his brothers, on the farm, ho devoted himsolf to house-worjf, pp4 became a good cook, Early in 1878,'when about eigbtpon yefjrsojd young Allen went to live with Jobn Loug, at Manti, Freemont County, by whom he was hired to help Mrs, Long in the bouse, John Long was seyenty and bis wife was sixty seven years old at this time, an4 Finis proved a valuable addition to the household of the old couple. Matters went quietly along until 16th January, 1879, when John Long was found o&rly; in the morning dead in his baj?n, lyipg in a st&U; almost under the heels of a vipiojis co}t, There were several cuts and bruises on his body, and everything indicated that ho bad been kicked to death by the colt, There was blood on the pl(*ul{.s and wall of the Btable near tbo body, ai>d the pounds were appar ently such as would result from a kick of a shorp-shod horse, In both hands the dead mijn had grasped tho litter of tho stable go tlrmy that the hands had to bo soalced iu wator before ihey could be opened. The prem ises wore thoroughly searched for evidences of foul play, but nothing could bo found, A little snow hnd fallen early in tho night, but thero wore no blood ftains or unusual tracks out-side tho stable, Mrs. Long told the ooroner's jury that she and hor husband had been awukened about 3 o'olook in the morn, ing by tho noise of the horses kioking Qnd plunging in the stables, Mr. L=ng went out to the stable, and after waiting for him to return for some time, she followed him. Upon finding him dead, sho ran to the house of Daniel Torrance, a fi>rmoy, and aroused him, Torrance woke Finis Allen, who had been sleeping up stairs, and the two men removed the body from the heels of tho colt. The jury, after hearing this statomont and examining the premises, returned a vordiot that Long had been kicked to death by the horse, and the body was buried, A meeting of the helra was then held, and Mrs. Long produced a will, made just before his death by bat buBtand, In whloh all the property was left to her. She declared that alio in tended to keep the entire eatate for beisuif and Finis Allen, who bad been a better boy to ber than any of ber own eons. A quarrel followed over the property, and suspicion began to be aroused, About thiB time the newspapers were full of the Maok murder crbb In Wisconsin, in which it was proved that a wife had oonepired with a hired man to murder her huBband, and to avert suspioion the body was thrown under tho heels of a horse. There was tnuoh shaking of heads and comment over the similarity of the two oases, and finally Long's body was dug up and a seoond inquest was hold, The doctors disagreed about the oharuotar of tho wounds and the verdiot was that the old man came to hia death ' from injuries inflicted by the kicking of the horse or in some manner to the Jury unknown,' A reward was offered for further information, aud detectives were at once put to work on the oaae, Mrs. Long was a member of the non>polygamous branoh of the Mormon Church and had impllolt faith in a Mormon elder of tho neighbourhood, named Matthews, who was reported to hold converse with the spirits of the dead, The elder, after the second inquest, was con fronted, as he claimed by the ghost of John Long, whioh told him that Finis Allen killed bim and threw him in the stable behiud the horse. The elder reported this ghostly in terview firpt to a lawyer, who laughed at it, and afterwards to somo of his followers, who heard it with unquestioning credulity. Mean while the deteotives had been working on Mrs, Long, and finally one of them induced her to make a oonfession, and on this a preliminary information was filed, and both Mrs. Long and Finis Allen were thrown Into goal to await tho aotion of the grand jury, When the grand jury met, she next was told that if she would turn Stato's evidence, she would bo released at onoe. Tho Mormon elder sat directly in front of her, and made her " look him squarely in the eye," and by this and other iiiesmerio performances the old woman waB induced to confirm the revelation made to her spiritual adviser by the ghost, and to confess that Finis Allen made ftway with the old man. An indiotment was found against Allen, and his trial began in November, 1879, Mrs, Long Bwora that Finis oame downstairs in the night and at tacked the old mun in bed,Btrikinghimon the head with a hammer, Long sprung from the bed, and in the struggle whioh followed the handle of the hammer had been broken, and Finis then killed Long with the fire-shovel, She and Finis burned a blanket that was Btained with blood, and washed the Btains out of the carpet, and Finis then took tho body to the stable, and pacing behind the heels of five horses, threw it where it was found, at the back of the vicious colt in the sixth stall. The old woman desorlbed the hammer, which had been on the farm for years, and was of a sisse and shape that would at once attraot attention, A hammer ans wering the desoridtion was put in in ovidence and Finis Allen was oonvicted pf murder in the first degree, and sentenced to the pen itentiary for life, Tho hammer was the con necting link in the chain of evidence, and this has now apparently been broken by the testimony just secured by the Senate Com mittee, Tne iuconsistenoy of the Btory that Long was killed in the house is shown by an affidavit of Daniel Torrance, who was the first man at the stable on the night of the murder, lie swears that there was no blood on the enow, as there would have been had the body been carried to the stable, and that opposite the head on the stable wall waB a spot of blood whioh had every appearance ol having spurted on it aud then run down, A farmer, named L, P. Allen, makes an affidavit that he assisted Long in building a corn crib in November, 1878, and that while building it the old man lost the identical hammer with whioh it was proved on the trial that Allen killed him, 'ihe hammer was lost in the crib, and though a long search was made for it, it, was not found. This was two months before Farmer Long was found dead in his stable, Stephen P, Newton, another farmer, swore that he was present on 1st June or July, 1870, when a crib of coru waB shelled on the farm of Mrs. Long, It was the same crib that Farmer Allen had helped Long to build, Newton saw a man named A. D, Uolvlnpick a hammer out of the crib from which they were shell, ing. It was ah old riveting hammer, the same whiph was lost in the preceding Nov ember, and which was produced at the trial as the instrument with whioh Finis Allen had attacked Long in bed, It was given to Henry Long, a son of the dead man, The com mittee seoured other, evidence showing con clusively that Mrs. Long had been under the influenco of th9 Mormon older, Matthews, when she mado hw Bo- pftlted confession j that her son Henry aud her daughter, Mrs. Wil cox, had induced hov t& swear falsely against Finis Allen by tolling her tfrat itwas heronly chance of getting out of prison, and that she had oontradioted her assertion that Allon was guilty sinco he had been in prison, say* ing to J, 8, Morris, one of the witnesses, that the ' oharges were false I that alio had boen soared into swearing against young Allen, and that her testimony was fal>e, and was so given through the throats and intimidations of others.' There is no doubt that young Allen will bo pardoned at once," 