NOTUS. FEATHERS are more worn than ever. Bonnets are worn further forward than for- merly. Capes composed entirely of ostrich feathers are worn. Bluck lace dresses are principally made of piece lace. Velvet dresses are made up often with mantles of the same. Velvet Tam o' Slianter hats are exceedingly becoming to young girls. All thc new bonnets are cither made of velvet or plentifully trimmed with it. Quite thc newest thing in brocade is a velvet ground with thc brocade in satin. Diamonds are no longer set alone, but their beauty is enhanced by being set with other gems. Plush ia much in the ascendant, and many of the gowns have short mantles and bonnets of plush also. Thc fashion of draping now would seem to be plainuess and length at the back, caught up high at thc side. Some extremely handsome and expensive cloaks are seen bordered with skunk, and with a fringe of skunk tails. The majority of woollen stuff prepared for autumn gowns are decidedly dark in toue, lustreless, dull and subdued, The wide, rumpled sashes of soft silk, tied round the waist in a large bow, both for day and evening dresses, are novel. Always fashionable, and ever new in its many applications and designs, fur stands fore- most in the rank of winter modes. Ou the low or square cut bodice the laco berthe forms the tncker, or a very fine plait- ing of .tulle of the colour of the bodice. New tailor-made jackets arc quite short, with straight, round basques about six or seven inches in depth. A few are made per- fectly plain, but the majority are elaborately braided or trimmed with Astrakhan or mar- about. The little velvet and plush mantlets, timmed with fur or very full ruches of black lace, reaching to the waist, at the back, but with long ends in front, are very general for afternoon entertainments of all kinds, ruby being in thc ascendant. '? Woman hos to wait until she is asked before she can marry. , She has no voice in the matter until after the ceremony. Then she knows how to make np for lost time. Thc latest style of engagement ring repre- sents a square lump of sugar of chased gold, with aheart beside it. Most girls would rather have sweetheart spelt with a solitaire diamond. The Princess nf Wales recently carried a bouquet made of purple Russian violets, shaped like an open fan, with a big Jacque- minot rose in the centre, with a golden hum- ming-bird hovering over it. The bird was at- tached to a fine spiral wire,, and fluttered ivithi the slightest,movement of the royal hand. The Irish poplin trade is much gratified by orders received in Dublin from thc Queen for several poplin dresses for the marriage trous- seau of Princess Beatrice. Thc dresses selected «re splendid specimens. One'being expressly manufactured : iis ivory white in handsome Oriental design, interwoven with gold threads. Another is cardinal colour if tbs richest imperial quality, rivalling iu ap- pearance thc best Lyons velvet, and there is a third in ciel Ihn, closely' covered with sprays of forget-me-nots. It was an ancient custom for thc sponsors at christenings to offer silver or gilt spoons to a child. These were called "apostles' spoons," because the extremity of thc handle was formed into Ute figure of one or other of tho apostles. Such as were opulent and generous gave thc whole twelve ¡ those who were moderately rich or liberal escaped at the expense of the four evangelists, or even some- times contented themselves with presenting one spoon quly, wlijch exhibited the figure of any saint, iu honour of which the child re- ceived its name. Lady Theodore Martin might have been seen thc other evening intently watching, from a Lyceum stall, thc latest impersonation of a rolf in which she gained herself one of her earliest and greatest triumphs. On ilil that the presence of thc lady always spoken of by old playgoers as Helen Faucit, served to animate Miss Mary Anderson with un- wonted fire. By thc way. Lady Martin has, says Society, presented the dagger whuh she always used wben playing the part to Miss Anderson, who is ou very intimate terms with thc favourite "Juliet" of a bygone generation. "A Polymorphous Fete" is the latest en- tertainment which, it is Baid, has just been given in Paris by a well-known actress. The ball-room was, we read, transformed into a funeral chamber, to harmonise with the character of the entertainment ; and the guests amused themselves by playing at ghosts. The gentlemen arrived in spectre attire; and the ladies were deliciously dressed as phantoms; coffins were liberally placed about the , room, and rouud and / amongst them a game of hide-and-seek was ! entered into with much zeal.' Afterwards I there was a dancc'of asrjcctraVdescription; and to it succeeded a concert,' in which the ' ghosta .rjcrforrrted,' ; As,'1 hoverer, ,¡npt*ith Btanoing tbe jphantoni-like appearance of the ' guests, they gave evidence of being flesh and '.< ElMd-'by tatt excellent appetfte, the nlghtV festivities were brought to an end by a cholos «Upper, served on coffins, jptted np on one another to form a:table. There is no more hara, perhaps, in playing ai ghosts with all these Inguhrious surronudtngs than there is in play ing at cards, or any other game. As a j contemporary remarks, it is a matter of taste, I and there is no accounting for tastes. Bat the entertainment in question can hardly be said to be a cheerful one. 