THE SALVATION ARMY. TO THE EDITOR. I am, &C.;, F. Z. H. B[?]roo, July 19. 1885. I am, &C.;, S R. K. Clare, July 20, 1885 I am, &C.;, ARTHUR R. CRACKNELL. Angas-street, Adelaide. I am, &C.;, STANDARD. Sir —Allow me to sympathise with the Rev. T. Lloyd re the annoyance of the Salvation Army. Poor gentleman, I do pity him sincerely when I think that the brass instru- nieuts and big drum of the army have caused him (a minister of the Gospel) ?o much wore distraction than the loss of the immortal souls of poor sinners who the players of those self same brass instruments and the beater of that dreadful drum are trying their hardest to save in their way, even if not in exactly the way Mr. Lloyd would have them; bat of course they should let souls ]>erish rather than annoy the "decent and orderly" rev. gentleman and his congregation. Well, what I h>>pe for Mr. Lloyd is, not that the army s)h>uM leave Kapunda, or stop beating the drum (for even that instrument of torture has been the indirect means of the conversion of fume poor soula), but that Mr. Lloyd may get such a baptism of the Holy Ghost that he will join heart and soul with the Salvation Army in trying to save ]>oor fallen humanity, and ?ivt-n beat that awful drum himself, if by that means he could bring souls _to Christ, who suffered so much for him; but for whom Mr. Lloyd, like the priests of <>ii 3, cannot stand even Christ's praises sung and played in any but the orthodox fashion, 1 think we all, as Christians, would do well to It am a lesson from Paul, who cared not in what way or by whom it was dune, if only Christ were preached. lam not a member of the Salvation Army, but every effort made by buy church or people to win souls for Christ has my best withes for its welfare. Sa I say FUfottis to the Salvation Army; may God bless and prosper it, for it is reaching and saving a clas* of people whom our churches, with their f<-t funiis and proud pasters, never co'ild reach. Ti:.n do not let us stand in their way, but give them all the he!p we can, even though they do work differwitly from what we should do.— TO THE KDITOR. I notice ttrong complaints from tlie Kapuuda people re the annoyance caused by a liaroel of peacebreakcis caUins themselves the Salvation Army, but I venture to say that llicre is mo inoi-e religion ia them thaa there is in my old wo.>dfcii Injr, and as m-'ist of them are l<..i lazy to ?<irk they should be handed over to Air. Watsmi. on Xorth-terraw, for sal- ctistody. I have taken no part 3g;iin?t thfe-? crratum.s at Clare, but they have l)i?uglit all the trouble a?d disturbance on thtir own sliuuldere. The most frantic and outrageous antics are now indulged in to at tract attention, such as jumping, twisting, an/i waltzing through our fitreeta in front of the big drum. Ido think a stop should be put to this humbug, and let us live in peace as we did Ijciore these people came here.- * TO THK EfMTOK. Sir— Havinjr rwad Mr. Lloyd"* answer t-> "True Moulin***," 1 wish to make one or two reiiiaiks. Mr. Lloyd, finding his argn )np?ts and th(?rie^ concvining tn<* Salvation A.my defeated by "Tru-Manliness" tries to drive out of his readers' minds the sub-rtanc*; of th- arguments ust*d by holding up your corres|-ondent to ridicule. It is not of im portance who the person is who writes, or whether he or she lie male or female; what is of moment is the arguments put forward. The rev. gentleman does not attempt ta> answer your cc-rrespondent's question as to the time of parading the streets; had he done so it would have shown how untrue and unjust were his remarks tcoDcerning this point. With regard to the comparison Mr. Lloyd has made in his reply I wonld as a caution to him cite the Master's answer to the Jews when they accused Him of -casting cut devils by Beel zebub, the |-*rin*ce of the devils. He said— " Whosoever sj>eak*?th against the Son of Man it shall be forgiven him, but wh<>sor*3r speakeih against the Holy Ghost it shall not be for given him."' Mr. Lloyd cannot deny that thiough the instrumentality of the Salvation Ai my many devils have been cast out, and many an evil spirit bas left a drnuken and debased being, m whom a new nature has been implanted. Mr. Lloyd does not plainly say that the Salvation Army do this by the aid of IWJze-bnb, but in an underhand way he asks, "Where is the manUne-is, justice, or Chris tianity in those persons who jiersist against all entreaty in disturbing others who are met in God's name to worship him 7" He suggests by this that their work is net of God; and if not of Ged it unit— be ot the devil ; for Paul says, "That which is not of faith is sin." And w-h<_ we see Mr. Lloyd like-—ne tiie Salvation Army tn tbe Kdly gang, and putting thrir diabolical deeds on a parallel with those of the araiy. we are bound to think that his theories are greatly in opposition to those of tiie Master. The arrogant and sarcastic spirit manifested in the coudusion of his reply, stating that " even at the cost of disgusting his corresiiondcnt, not partially but fully, he will have to change his principles as we'll as his mask before he attains to the full height of manliness,' does not uianift-st the gentle, loving, and true e-faaracter of Jacsus Christ. Leaving these words of Jesus, " Inasmuch as ye do it to one of tbe least of these, my brethren, you do it ttutn me," for Mr. Lloyd's consideration. TO THE EDITOR. Sir-I feel greatly surinisedatthe way in which M.me of your coirerpondeats write about the Sal i ation Army. They surely cannot he a wire ?>f the very great nuisance the army is to most of the residents in Kapunda, and 1 am sure it was not at all too soon for the Rev. Mr. Lloyd to complain, as the members of the army are in the habit, et eery evening, of parading past the chui-ch wbe-re Mr. Lloyd preaches, and what can he more annoying when a person is engaged in prayer than to hear some twenty pejple making most discordant noises outside, and singing words of this description--" My old companions, fare you well, I will not go with you to hell," eVc. . Then, again, on Sunday mornings, when people are going to church, they areimetby thishorrible'din suppoaedto be music, and instead of the Sabbtth beinfi- peaceful and quiet it is quite different here. On either side of the fot-t|>ath the larrikins muster in full force*, and they continually sing out "Amen," "Pi-.iise the Loid," when a soldier of "the army" will say "Shut uj?, you fooL" It is very" pleasant when *?ur Uttie children come home telling us of aU this. There is another tiling I greatly object to, viz., the very late hours kept by the army, lt has been some times |iast 10 o'dock when a troop of boys aud girls will go up the street -singing at the top of their voices. **M. W. IL" cannot be quite up in the affairs of the church of which Mr. Lloyd is minister or lie would know that "the noise of less money falling in the plates "would make no difference, as the ministers have a fix*-d salary, even should some of the "pews be empty." The Salvation Army appears determined to make Kapunda famous, this not lieing the that public controversy about it. 