THE NEW HEBRIDES Lord Dtrby'i sseortion tbat tbe agreement between Bsgland and Frsnoe with reference to the New Hebrides is atill to foro?, is by no means caloolatod to give pesos to the public mind, Wo know tco well bow little bis word is worth to bs reoscmed by bis assuranoia. ro doubt tho agreement js formally m fores as it has never to<n tbeeinded or terminated. According to Lord Darby's method of dealing with tho publio facts are not facts until they ara officially ro- o. gn'ied, and after F<anca had taken posses- eioj ot the New Hebrides it would bo held sufficient by him to pciot oat that eho bad faihdto observe thoproviticm of the treaty. Bot Franco nsver baa observed traatics at any time, nor evor notified her intention to terminate them. When the aees an advan tage she takes it, and has always done so. It was in tbat xnocmr that she gained poseenion of Aliaoe and Lorraine and many other portions of her territory. No doubt a Minister firm enough to do his duly might dt8?lj prevent Fiance from attempting to vio late tbe treaty because she does not want to qnarrd with anyone jnat now, and baoanse all powers rsspsot the man who has tbe eoorsge to o<y hands off, So far as Franco is concerned, very likely tire fnaa tbat has bten made will prevent her from attempting to stir np strife jut now, but nn foitoaakly attention has been Galled by reooat events to the oxtraordlnavy v.riue of the iela&ds; of tho Western Pacific for strategic; purposes, and a mere agreement between Ecgland and Franoe not to tonoh tbe New Hebrides limply sms to point out to any other power tbat there is an opportunity of seizing them. If England formally ties her . bands with an agreamoot of this kind, she cannot interfere if Ruaria . or Gormany should ' tako advantage other holpleasceiB, As matters itsud at present Eran:o may broak faith, and will if she aces a ohanoe. England oannot snf will not, and is therefore powerless to protest : the interests of Australia, There bas been too little plain speaking, too much diplomatic deceit altogether, upon the the subject . of Western Pacific territory, It moat bo eleaxly understood that no Power whatvver, neither Franco, Germany, nor Russia his or can bare aoy friendly intentions in seizing there outlying islands. They are taken posses- aioo of simply and solely m order that in tho event ol a possible war England's oommnnioa- ting with her colonies may be endangered, her foroea divided in the attempt to protest them, and ber oommetoo plundered right and l«ft. None of tbe Islands are of any nso as oolooles for white labor Dear the Equator is impossible. They are oat-stations taken posssiBion of in time of peace, to be ready for use in time of war, and a statesman of Lord Palmoraton'a calibre 'would have sees it at onea, and said so at once, and have welcomed war ifsilf, if oeoeeaory, as an alternative, To be in daily danger, and nover to know when danger will onlminrte, is to fill a position contemptible in the eyes of every Ecglizhman but Lord Darby and Mr Dalloy The first of tbosa gcnllemen has allotod it to ns, and the second considers ourditllka to it ab- cord and imprudent. The neutralisation o whole of tbe Paeifio islands by an agreement ol alltheEoropean-powiro would ho of some ' oae,f especially If Great' Briftsin were to ' notify tbot ehe would hersslf cjeot any power a'.tfi'mitieg to break through thoagraemont bet ths partition af the iriauda among th < tivala of England oan onty mean danger to-the? Fn pire, The remonrtieneei of Anstralia bar f so far talLo unheeded, but tbey <must not <eo dropped, Eogland mutt bs ioflasnoed by ovrry possible form of psrsuatloa and petition to do as jostioe. It will otharwise be neosis »ry for Anstralia to look out for her safety, and to provide lor hov own delenee a eoally, Oiffioult, and unnoceaiary diversion of her energies. Owing to tbo heavy riin which has bren fall, ing all day, It was not oonaidered adviaabb to bold the Mooooe Valley January mtetlng to-day, and It has cox trqiuotly been postpouod until uoxt 8arerdftT. A THIRD EDITION ot Ths IIkbald will be published about six o'oluck this rvuniog, and wilt contain alt the latoat nevre, telegraphio and looal, that may be obtainable. We find that it would be tn tho advantage of cur readers if tha Oily Eiltlon of Tuk Hkkvlh wero publistod later than hereto fore, is by that means lmport»nt items of io- faimation and tho oontlatiou of law oaras and other procoodinga oald then bo given. Ws shall adopt this oouts) on aud aftor to-day, when in lieu of the Otty Edition wo shall iu future publish about 5 o'olook a Tutiuj fimtiON. In another oolumtt will be found some vory interesting particulars oononmug ths inland) of tho Ficicio. tho labor tsaffij as fur nisbod to a representative of Ttie Hxralp by Captain Wnwn, ot tbe Quaeosland labor aohoocor Liesi?. Ciptaia Wawn says tbore aro ouriforoua rief i aud blaok sand to bo (cund io tbeD'EotrdQasteaux group, and they oould oaetty bj workol, Samo , he looks upoa as a most valuable pjawsalou, but ho conaidera that with tho proeout labor Tho regulations, tbo Now Hobtidoa nroueslesi to Britiehcolotihts tor plantation puepoats, m a native wilt not work oa bii owe iriond, ind must not bo brought from anothor, regnlalione do not govern foreigner and iho rieult ia that Biiu?h eabjcts bocomi natnralieed as Fronob anbjots in oidfcr to cbtain a supply of PAiive labor. Captain Wawu eaya that Now Itolard, wl ore tho Mwqiis do R.y landed his ill-fated expedition, lias auoh a deadly climato, that oven thu n riivea oallod it tho Black Hole and the Black Corner, H j r polo very oauthuriy about kid&appiug;, bat admitted tbat labor p;rmitt h .va bscu issued by tbq British 0 >o»nl at S nnoJ, to labor 6o-9 flying tho English fl.g, and ownoJby G-rmana who reorait without having aoy Go vn utr.oat ngont un board. TIib London tolrgraph ofiica notifies the tatifl: for toUgrams relatione iu Natal, other than Durban, is twopcnco more por word than tbe xato to Durban. As tho Intercolonial cricket matoh brtweou t.ame represonting Suth Australia and Vic toria will commcDoo fcoro roxt wek.and as tbo tuith Auatrobacs will b? in our aHet by Moq- day n.xt, tome pittioaUrj ooacoiulag tho v'vit;rg team will bo of ioicrest. Oar Adohide oorrevp-'ndoot hao wired a oomprehsasivo criticism of the »iioUficatious nndgouoralplay ot tho team from tho lend of wheat, ani crick eters will find it worth perusal. H-;b Exctllcnoy tbo Govoftsor forwardad to Iho PtfRmiar today the fiist ttbgram L'0'pc.tchod from tho now elation at Waodili- gorg, in tho Broohworth diatriot. It wai to Lbo followiog efijot I send you the firrt mersrgothat has been coat from this oflio?, Wd bavo had a mot hearty racoptioa hero." It is annoaocod tbat tho bon. F, Ormond, M.L.O., has deoidednpon visiting Europe and America, aud will leave by the next ma'l. Daring his obsenos ho will visit tho leading col- legos in England and tho Usiied State, with a view of gMmogscme insight ioto their wcrkicg, so that ho may bo ablo to give the beat fit of tbo exporioQoethua gaiand to odua%- lionnluutituticns in thacolouy. Mr Ormond txpeclB to bs ab«.>nt about nino month. H:v large dotation to tbe Working Man's Collogo is likely to lnp:c, a9 there has no) boen euffi- cientreflfODfte. Mr Fiodtrick Dnn, mnnioipri analyst, has reported to tho Crilicgvo-id Lncal Board of Health, that a s&mploof; laotl flridaabmittod to him for analysis by a resident of Colling- wcod proved to ba jomothing, very different from (< puro milk." The board has taken tfee matter np and refeirsd tbo report to tbo Saoa- tory Committee, with a view to the oolleotlon of eamplee of milk to bo enbmitted to Mr Dnon by tho local irspectors undor the Health Aol. The inquiry into tbs cironmatanoos nodor which the prlaooor Hevry Harrison escaped from tbe Ooliingwood Oonit Homo wai oon eluded yesterday afternoon. Three members ot tbe poliea force, namely Sergeant Feuton and Comtablee Sampon and , David) oa, were charged with negligence. It ie understood that Superintendent Sadlin'a report will be to th© effort tbat Constable Simpson bad oharga of the prisoner, and that no blune can be attacbod to Hergeant Fontoa or Oonetable Davidson, Notwithstaiuliog tho weather tbere waa a large attendance at the Qseen Victoria Market this morning, asd prioas were fi»m, Batter has i ism to 1« 44, and go 3d sales are reported. There was an abundant supply of rabbits in tbo market, and prioos were as low as 41 p« pair, tbe demand fcoing good. Tbere was about tho usual supply of fruit, fiih and vege tables. A writ for £2000 ha? been Jsreod by Mr JohnM'Nally, tope mitmtaoturer, of Brans wick, against M-bub MLuq and Jaok for illegal arrest. Sjme short elms rinoe a eairoi warrant was taken ont by the firm ©gainst Mr M'Nally, who was accused of stealing a pair ot lorry shafts, On tbo polios going to his plaoe Mr M'Nally pointed ont tbo shaft i hot denied stealing the same. Ho was arrested, and on being biought before the Biuniwicfc Conxt tbe proiecutor did no, pat in an ap pearand, and Mr Wisewonld, who appeared for the defendant, askad tin B mob, on dis missing the esse, to put on rorerd that Mr M'N&lly; left the Greek without any ataio upon his character, bat this ths Jistlcoi de clined to do, as it was mratioioi farther pro- oecdingB would be takon, Offioes have been provided for the Commis sion for tbe representation of Viotoria at tho Louden Colonial Exhibition, in tbe old Treasury bail Jin at the top of Collins street, in tbe Djpartmtnt of the Undor Secretary. Yesterday afternoon, at Urnzles' Hotel, Mt 3'xe Dri, Campbell and Uo. offared'for sale tbe Wando Vale Estate, oompriaing 10,312 aeros ot freehold land in tbe County of Dond&r;, about five miles from Caitciton, Toe estate bears tbe reputation of being on© of tho finest giaziog and agricultural properlioi ia tbo Western district, and has tbe advantage of being permanently watered. It has not been in the market now for over SO years, and oon acqnaatly a koan competition waa expected, Tbe bidding oommencod at L5 par acre, and by 6b bide waa quickly raised to L6, wbon Is bids were accepted, and by thom the prioe wai ton up to LG 15j, Bixponny bids followed, and evenlnslly Mrs Nlcholav, of Toorak, became the pnrohascr at L7 2a G1 per acre, and also takes over the atcck at stated pzioaa, Tae total amount paid for the freehold was L73.6S0, Tbo following are the readings by Gannt's instruments Barometer, 29 825, failing. Heat In inn to-day 12 noco, 8G. The highest reading ol Gannt's thermometer in tho shade, Bonrke street, yesterday, was 93, and tbe lowest from 9 n.m, yeitorday to 9 a,m. to-day, 59, The highest reading in tbo inn yesterday was I2G, A few days ego a considerable portion of tbe wreck of a small yacht, was picked np by Mr Morris, of tho Rid Blaif Hotel. Tee appor portion of faor plsukiog is paiotod yellow, and the bottom brown or olarot color, and is moat liboly a portion ol tbo nnfortnnate I ilaitbe, Those interested oan eeo tbe wreok, which baa been stored in tho boatsbed ol the Rod Bluff Hotol awaiting identification, Excellent yields of potatoes are expected Ibis .sewon by tbe cultivators io tho Camper, downdiitriot. A number of growats aro ex ceedingly pleased with tbe promising appear anoe of thetoberB.and tbey are prettyoon&dent; I that tho ground will ylold in many Inatanoss, 15 tons of potatoes to tbo aero, Io tho district ' j towards Warrnsmbool the crops promise a; yield of from 16 to 20 tons to the aorb io ( speoial arois. It must be a very mean mind Indeed whlob; can dtrive amusement from tho disappoint mentofaerowdof unfortunate man who are earneetly reeking opportnoitlsi foromploymsnt to suppontham and their tamlio, and. who ratnrally leiesivery ohanoe of obtadalng it by pssnslrg the columns ol the dally press devoted to th© advertising of vaoant aitnationi. Yes t«rd»y morning tbere aptotrod In ths Isane of ao mcmiKirary an advoitiMinantatatiug that: tbore waaa vaQoooy for aeto idy yonqg mku ia whioh he ootll ern a satnry of L310itf> week, Tho addrotR of thiiBuppoiodoraployin; was giv« n at S nth Mribrem. Of oonrsa tho tuvitatlon met with a rtady roiponre, " and at an early henr tbaco w.ro m I. ipplt- oants awaltlrg en intarview with tbo adVor- kiser. Bid vary long, hnwavar, it wai aioor- talced khal tho wholo «ff »ir w saoruol ho»i, and tho diaapprinttd crowd grariuilly dt«- porsod with ©xprssiona arri Lialicgs ot ths bitterest and moat d» sttvrd rapontinantagiiost tho unkunwn orgiontor of tlio himtful triok, To thtBj whoobseiv.-d tho dtj ctod looks ot tifeny al tho vicklmo of thin uomanly doooption, It was a matter of oouridvrible r'groi that tho colprit had not Llfen inta tbn olutoaoa ol his dup< ©, aod rnoolvod a mvri od punLhmont at their hands (or his aensoless and nufeoliog jikc. Holo'kcopcre are ooDtluaxtiy mxde thonah- j£ct cl iaq. option by thoio thiisiy vig-autv who dovoto thrir daily lives to the parpco of eooarirg luxuriitt lor whioh thoy psraiiteuily oriino to work, aod nntnorons are the dodges retorted to in order to invsiglo tho oot.it ianos ot the publican in'o enpplyin tho ouvatod half- pint of b or. Toe Ja/oit rasa ia for the loftier lo provido hiitsolf with a pick and sboval —probably nloloo— And t) maki hn appsar anoo in tho hold bar at ' about tho usuqI time whtu honest workmen woald kuook off fehoir daily toil. Fiari.-g his iuiploments ou tho noat, or ia a corner, tb© shim wofkingman pleads want ot funds uutil S rfunlay night, and requests tbo allowaaoe ot a pink, on orodi', to ha paid f?r out of his earoiogs at ths clot oof tho wsek. One hulking member ot this oLhi aoturily ebtoired mx dajs n!low»no-i c-f ala( ou this pick and shovel outerpriac, from » South Mslbonroo pnVlicaf, dntiug hat work, of coar o miking Lis disappoarMijj on the Saturday, aud trans- ppitiLg himeelf and his >to:k-io-tr»vdo lor impesition to nnotbnr nfighbrh'ot, th?rato renew bis dishonest tarticts wi h some nkh)r oo: fiiik'g bcnifrtco, With a view of arresting thu Mlow'a m-:nn little c mo. the attenrioaof tho licOBBOOS of hcfols is called to tbo nnttsr, ncd It is to be bop-d that thu oarce? of tho pick and jhCfol iofcr ho as ehoift qi 17 has hUho.i© tot 1% ntiooiieafa), Tho iurmb:r« ol tbe Ma,tor<i' and Matos' Union of Victoria nro f< ol n< much qsju tyano.) at tho tactics adepted by 01m of oir. shipping fiinca, who with other r.hipovnsis had bfon ia- forviowedby thu sjuitly, and rcqnoitod to irako ciitnio cncntfltooB to tho employes. It scon b that nearly all tbe compimas have no- cccded to lbo demands of their mariue ofliofrs, ttp.d the (iron in qn-stion ©') gnyj open al < bfcrttco to the propu-rals eUbiritiod by the st.cifety, SahBeqtnnily, howoro', a rombor of this firm interviowrd a num'vtr ot tho mates emplojed by them, oulaftsr stating that bo was compo'led by pressure to accept thoftormi of the Uiroo, intimsttd that nniess tho offioors ccnecntid to oign an undertaking to refund tbe extra wrgos paid (o thcro, thoy would bo summarily dismirroi from their employment, Tho men deoliusd tbe prop sal% and thn mottor hft9 uov loftked ont aud is to bsdoslt wlb, Yerterrtny evening about fivo o'clock, about a hundred persons, ioolndiog a larga nnmber of bootmakers, proceeded dowe Oambridfo street, Cdlingwood, and when oppieito the rceldGDca of Mr Smalley, gavs throe groans end beotod for a oomiderablo time, Mr Smslley is manogor of nboot faotoryio Wol- lirgton streot, bnt it is not known why tbo above montioued ooonrronoo took plao?. Tbo Johnson tho Riohmondread are "oxor- cls\d" anent tho proopootivo tramway whioh is to drive thom off tbo rauk. It is amusing to lief on to tbn prophoiies of grave disaster to i<o and limb in which these worthies indulge. "Th?>'ll have to by ont anew oametsry," »nis one. ' Ik's wcry good for the eargeens," is another's remark, "Suit narvoas pipple," cbucklr e a third, For all this, it is impossible to CBospo tho oonviotion that oabbyVldaya ore numborsd, Ths maroh of progress ia irresli tiblo, and in its tarn no doubt tho tram system wm nave to give way so oome otner ana supe rior inveotioe. Whenitwss proposed to tbe late Emperor Niaholarof R noia to build rail ways tbroagbont bis empire, hegtuUlyds dined to entertain tho proposition, oa tbo ground that by the tima the linss wore aom- pl .ted oomo better motbod of trannit and loco- motion would bo ditoivotod. His Majasty was rot without loglo in his eonolaiios, Meanwhile, however, is wlso to take tho good the geds offer as. A meeting of friends until recently worship ping in tbo Charles streot B «ptiot Ohnrob, was hold oa Thursday last to consider the advisa bility ol seeming a Bite and ballding a obnrah, the building in Oharles street having now pssiedioto the hands of the seat known as "Frrtioular Bsptist." A number of infiatntial gentlemen who wre present, agreed to form themseLvo ioto a committee, to oarry oqt tho work. Moanwhilo ths oervio?s will bi 000. t:ntod io tbo Orderly room, Font road, till tbtnew church is built, Fjr oomo timq past mneh annoyance has bo n oausod to tbe roBidsots 0! Albert Park and vioinity by tbe inssno prooeadioga of a ghost inpexsonator. TMb "Spriog beslod Jack is dressed in a plobald ooriume— white ia front and blaok in the renr— xud by the aid 0! mooba&ical; contrivanoea attaohod to tho feet, oxeoatea the most extraordioary springe and evolntions. His pwticdlar loci in quo are the Domain, tho Lmr' Wjlk, ani tbe Fawk- nor Fark, Young woman, or obi dren rotarn- icg from sohocl in the dosk of evening, are frightenod by this idiot's jarnp- iog in frost of thom, nuking horrible grimasie, ntteriog frigbtfnl yollr, and bounding iff with incredible oslerity, As shocks to tbo systom produced by fear very often lead to the most disastrous conioqnonoai, it is high time the polios should summarily and peremptorily hateiforoto atopftbeas dangerous and unwarrantable proceedings. No oeosnro is too strong lor tho man who derives pleasure lrom the torture or pais he infiiots npoo bis felluwr. At the Malvern PtIIse Court this morning, before Messrs Hooter (chairman), Nowiog, Bailey, Fergnssoo, and Dkwson, J.'sF., a poorly clad bnt apparently respsotabla young woman nimsd Henrietta Hism, prooeadsd sgaicst oer husband, George Hiam, for nolaw fully dcieiticg ber and leaving her without means of support. Defendant did not appear, The complainant gavj evidence thit she had been married to him over sivon years, Daring that time he had frequently deserted hot lor weeks together, and on tho 25:h of November be wont away, aod bad not oomo back to her sfneo, Oa tho 28 kb nit. aba gavs birth to hot fourth child, aod she was obligod to soak pro tection wherever oho posiibly oould. Defend ant oould easily earn from L2 5 1 to L2 10 j por week, Ho was a bootmaker by trade, bat had ruined himsrif through drink, Wnen she re turned home to herowu place abouCa fortnight elnco she found ovsry door looked, and was unable to affret an enteanre, AU her chil dren's rlothos and her fatnltnrs was In tb0 home, bnt she would have to sell the latter (| she oould get at it to sapport bsrielf and ohil- dren in tbe meantime- Since last Fabrnary ho had broken tbo pledge on thro) different ooca- atone. The chairman said he had coaiidsrebta tronhle with the parties daring the last two yeais, and had sovaril times snoasoled la scttllog any diff ranocs that existed betweoo tbem. The Benoh wonld now make an or dor for 20i a week to be p»ld ioto ooart, with two pnine&s; costs, dsfondant to find one surety 0! L25 for the fulfillment of the order. Three yonng larrikins, named respretively Albert Tyeoo, Albert Hatobimoo, and Jam'g Farr wero charged before the Malvern Benoh this morntog with stone-thro wiog. On Straday morning, tho 4th Inst, they west to ths resi dence ot an old lady, named Godwin, In Uniou street, and amused themselves by discharging volleys of stoma at tbe Ihonsa, at tho earne time abusing ber, and fvlgbf oning her almost to death. Defendant) denied the effsuee. They wore each fined 20s, with 7s Od oosti,or 14 daya Imprisonment. The Oity Organist will perform tho following selections cn the grand organ thie evening at ; i right o'olook:— Overture, Egmont, Brolhovon , guvottsin B fiat,Donstcr ) opera Btleolibn, La Scnnamtnla. Belttol ; dsicrlptive march, Turkish F-lrol (oy rcqnosk), MtohasHaj National Fatvata nu EMgliah Aire (srrangsd by David L» ) ; fiu-l?, N itioual Acthem. ifro aro ftqutattd to remind tbe patrons of athletics that Miok Nrtbsn's bonnHt ie fixed |er to-ofgbt at tho Viotoria Hal), 8. ratal /bvqilies ate promi.od in boxUg aod beavy- Iwtfght liftlr g In tho latcor itisropsrtod that Froftsiir Miller willondcavor to boat all pre- AibUBtcoouJsftt putticguptho faoavydnmhbolls aririik')»,thn progtamme will be ounirltmted fo by Mjbsis Firrau, Virtor, Uiokla, Newton wd o'.bers. 01 thoso Hukiu writ sp«r with Fn.nar, whl'o Nriban biniaeF will wind tp moat; probably with tho "Uukniwn." Toe Bavarian bacd wilt olio ptay duriog tho ovou- iig. CouHtoerable damsgo to oropa hre rco?n !y boon ilcocort by eatorpUlnr in soveral pavta of tho Camptrdowo diitribt On one f«rm at Mount Inure, ooonpfed by Mr Donald M'Donatd, by the less of the ravages ot tho gtub Is estimated at L'200, s«ys tho (I along Arircrriscr. The oatorpillars aro in myriad, and vary in size from li'n to 2n, Troy ottnok tho b«ilay and oat oro?, tho tocraor boing a favorite, bul only tha ears of tho barley are doriroyod, ths Btami bsiog oft untonobed. S-rao of tho Amdrlcn agrl- otriturielB found out that by burning tho stabblo of proviooa oropa grown on thoir farms the hnd was oloared of verinio, tbe lartm ho'ng destroyed by tho firo. In ssvoral puts 0! Vio toria the same oonteo waa adopted, and with beneficial result s The i.orthern snbntbs of Sandhurst are threat rfed with a water lamina, sayn tbo /ncic- pendent, It appo&rs;, owiog to tho Rrsat ex- teueicn of roticntation in ths lower lying parts ot tho district tbat tbe mami oviglnslly laid down are not sufilcionily oftpnolous to oarry a aofliokut supply for tbo wholo dhlriot, Th t ccnsiqnpcce is that whilst thcra is plonty ot water for the lowrr arou, there Is nnno fo t tb a greater part ot tho day a1 oat I oihuk and New Chum, and none whatever for revaral days part (owi-rdd Locg Gully aud. OatilcraU Gully. It bos often b?en sucgestcd by ooientlfio liumrnitfttiauB, that Sociity should exooute Us criminals by the npvliortion of oleotrioUy. Tho oontcrvativj spirit whioh sbrurta from Uc- psttirgfioin old ©nd timo-honoied wa;s, h.11 hitherto rc j'oltd thia suggotiou, jnst as it has ueoliuod toooteitalQ the idea of oromztion 0/ th»cji)A<k But U will lo obfervrd thri the od> plion of reforms oMhit nature U ooly a matter tf time, In Tendon, it hai Wjn do tflimiuod that tbe Cutile bilLd in tho nowl; f rooted abattoirs shall bo dospatchod by ths paiblcreegmoy cf il.'etririty, Toia is ths beginning of tha utd, We o. mmenoo with onrdnrt-b brntas ; wo shall doubtless extend the cxp;iimt-nt to tho brutre of oar otvq .piCHF, A contemporary stfttea that Germany' in- t<uds to roorguoiso tho oavriry of its army ia iixiifttion ol tbo Brif'sh Mcnutsd Infantry, ' un organfarilon thr.t hns proved sonaelalis Bgy pi and elowhere of lato. Ia tho paragraph mentioning the f nob it is stated as lomathing rovrt (hnt-tbo r,6wV.qnlpmeut will bo that rifle xhall bo slang in a strap aoross tho horflsman'd back, and sword hnrgto tboBddlo, Szroly, ue Solomon obietvo), "There is nothing n«w under tbo inn," Nearly thirty years ago, tbe Caps Frontier Mounted Folios oarried thoir nfice slung ovor tho shoulder, tho barrel parsing tbroagb ft loop at tho b.ck, while a littlo strap anri buckle, earily aafariensd, eooarod thu steak, Mftuy South African sportsmen adopted tbia plan, bnt it had its drawbaokr, (0, wbon a man war thrown from bis borre he either smashed hie gnn or damaged bis back bone. A correspondent of tho Times (London) draws alfktition to tho gallaut oonduot of Mrs Whylo, wifo ol a farm servant, who lives ia a email oottpgo on Absrdonr baob. Daring tho height of tho goto on tbo 28;h of Ootober, ba- ween tbo blijudiog showers of rain ani siori Mrs Wbyto raw tbo steamship William HopoJ of Dandcf, In imminent dg»r of oomiog on shoro in Abardoor B »y. Frocdeding from her cottngp, the noted the spot whora thB vo sol wonld oomo on abore, and was ready toroorivo the rope thro a n to bor by one of tho orow. Ia doing so Bho cxpo&od; herself to no littlo danger in rooming tbo end of tho rope, by passing it round bor body and planting ber foefc firm! on ths bonohi whtln fhn wavos woro wnshiop roand b6r, and so securing communication with tho shoro, so tbat tho crew wsre able to Uud, Daring oil this time abo was wholly uoaidod. Hav- icg got tbo orew oa shore, abo attended to their wants acd comfort, giving thom aooom- modation and food as far as hot meani w>ald admit. Making allowauoe for port- prandial speeabs?; Lord Derby's latoat, at tho dinner given tbi other day at the Empire Olab to Sir John Macdonald, wbon responding to tbo toast ot "Oar Colonial Empire," proposed by the Dake of Sutherland, is, to say tbo least, remaxk&H;?, Rftviewicg tha varioae phases of political opinion, during the last halt century, upon colonial matters. Lord Derby avowed bis belief "ibnttho arrangements which now subsisted between tbo mothoe country, and tbo great Eoglish speaking oolonies wero satiafaotory to both partiss," (Cheers.) "It w»r said that tho prceont tiee between England and ths colo nics waa a looso ono. That was trne, no doubt, bnt what to bis mind was an important matter was not what should bs tho meohani- cul relationa botweon tho oonottios, but what was tho feeling which cxiBtcd botweon tbem." Fitzgerald. Newton and Go's, list of hotels lor salo uppoars in our advertising aolatna . On Monday, at tboir rooms, at eisven o'clock, Meeera Brenobarop BrotbetB wili hold an ex- u niive salo ol 120 beautiful marble timepieces, and at tho samo timo 18 fireproof iron saToi. Mr Wsbert Reeve, tbe popnlar Aotor and antber, is to give a number of D.-amatio Rvadibgs In tro Uoitarian Ohnrob, next Tneaday, In aid ot tho "Piano Fund" of tbe sow Social Union, At St James' Oatehdral to-morrow, sermons to tbe memory of tbo late Mrs MAQortn«y- tbo beloved wifo of the venerable D ran of Mri' bourne, will bo preaobed In tbe morning by tbo IUv. H. Ltngley, acd io tbe evening by tbo Rov, H. B. Mioartoey, son ot tbo deoeiBsd lady, " Eartlquakos and Volooncor— their relation to Divine Frovidnnoe," is ths mbjaotopon which tho Rev Gaorgi Walters Is to speak lo-morrow, Sunday evening, in the Uniturian ' Ohnrcb This snbjoot should ba sproially iotortflting now that oartbqaako shooks have bo»n folt in tbe vlcioity St Melbourne. It will be eeon by an annoaoosment in another column, that the Australasian Seoolar Asiociaticn intends taking up a collection to morrow at their lectoro ia the Hill ol Soi«noe, and alto at the oprn air meeting on the Yarra bsnk, in aid of tbe Bootmakers' Look Ont Food. It i anrounotd io onr advertiriog columns tbat Mr M Ooll re-opens his sobolartio institn- tioo for yonng ladfos next Tueod&y.; We are ioloimaa that in addU ion to tbe nsnol ooura ol insttuotion, including preparation) for tbe Uni versity, bo has made arrangemsnts that will justify him in guaranteeing thorough instruc tion in modern langnsgss, grammatioMly and conversationally, together with correal style of composiiiou. The Melbourno Fhoroograpbio Olab, aiacs its formation, hos, aooardmg tatbo s.cretary's report, inado most oneoarraging progress, and cow b&B; a ooroporatively largo nam bor of mi mbors on its roll, some ol whom, by meeting f ir mutual pr&otico;, havoinoreaisd trtairspmd ia wrikiog to a wonderful extent Toe naU- yearly meeting Is to bo held at 55 Boutko St, W. next Wcautiday oveuiugf r ths election of office- bsatprs for theensniog six monlhr, and tramaoting other general business. To avoid the question arising as to members being imooupant to vote through being nnfinanioial, it is requested that sabaoriptions doe be paid fcoforp the meeting, A mniioat eorvioo of a ip'oial charaotor is annonuoed to take place at St. Feter and 8t Paul's R-jman Oathollo Ohurob, South Melbourno, to-morrow, when Gounod's Mono Solennelle will be rendered by the choir with fail orohestral nooompanimenti under tbe directorship of Mr R. Donovan, Mr W, A. S taker will sing during the offertory, "Laudato Domino, and tbo eorvioo will coa- olade with the Hall'lajab chorus. Tho nrln ofpals will be MIbs Jossphiqe O'Brien, Miss M- O'Brien, and Messrs W, A. Stakor ondL, Browning, Mr Odarlts Sykes will pre side at tbo orgao, asd tho wholo of themnsloal portion of tho survioe will be nuder tbo oon; dnotorsblp ol MrR. Donovao. Ths oo)l-:otion will bo In aid of tho funis of the choir. 