¶ The Luck of the Darrells. ¶ By James Payn, Author or “ By Proxy, ” “ Carlton´s Year, ” &c.;, &c.; ¶ Chapter XLVIII. — ( Concluded .) ¶ Never was such news received by next of kin or heir-at- law with so little satisfaction ? Sir Abraham, who had no relations of own, had left all his vast estate to his wife, with remainder to his daughter, who had, as we know, survived though but for so short a space. Hester´s tears fell fast. Never more could poor Lady Barton sit in her pride of place within those walls. All that Sir Abraham could now rail his own wasa few feet of earth in the church yard upon the hill. It was, indeed, a terrible example of what one day can bring forth to us helpless mortals — the sport of and circumstance. After this new6 had been *,.ia !»«-»? Tlnefw WrOTv nuipt rpvnlvTTip- mnnv things, but without one touch of selfish complacency ; indeed, had her thoughts dwelt on herself at all they could not, from the nature of things, have been, in one respect at least, very encouraging. If Francis Drake's old affection for her , should revive, or even become as great as was her love for him, she knew him too well to suppose it possible that he would ever confess as much. He could never endure it to be that having been baulked of wedding one heiress of Medbury, he had offered his hand to the next, like some matrimonial Vicar of Bray. Her feelings, in fact, towards him just then were veiy much what his own had been towards her immediately after the catastrophe. She would have thought it disloyalty to Maria to allow her heart-to dwell upon the bridegroom of whom death had deprived her. And yet — and yet, on a certain day when 6he had become much stronger and had been moved into a sitting room on the upper floor, and she suddenly braird a dear familiar voice in the corridor without, what was it but love, the love die had ' scotched not killed,' which made her little heart stand still ? There was no need for old Sir Reginald to tell her, as he did— in tones that he almost mistrusted lest they should reveal his own secret hope — that his beloved son had returned home. What with the captain's pride and Hester's scruples it is doubtful, indeed, whether an event so everyway convenient and to be wished for as their union could ever have been brought about bad it not been for Mrs. West, whose woman's wit not only discovered their secret, but smoothed the way to its revelation. Even when men have the sagacity they do not possess the tact for these matters. Philip Langton, for example, and Francis Drake, who had become fast friends, and were neither of them unconscious that this friendship was in part owing to their common interest in Hester Parrell, might have walked and talked and smoked together till the younger man had grown grey-headed, without the affair in question being furthered by a bair's breadth. Mrs. West, on the other baud, who had the faculty, shared by other good mothers, of attracting to herself young gentlemen of merit, was not long before she gained the confidence of the Captain. He told her all we know of his relations to Maria, and was overcome with melancholy in the narration. A man would have told l.:„ 4? „1,™_ 55 V,„t -hllro mill LKJ UiFCi (JUV iJUOi II CSV) VJJ. U1C U^U' trary, rather encouraged his dolorousnses. She knew that that was as near a way as any, and not an uncom mon one, to the renewal of love. All the ingredients were to be found in it, and, like a wise builder, she made use of the old materials for the foundation of a new structure. As the plan of it had long been in his mind, though the work, 1 for reasons with which we are acquainted, had had to be abandoned, ner task was all the easier. When she saw him reduced to hopeless despondency, she turned on him like a tigress, and inquired how he dared — yes, dared — so long to neglect the injunctions of his beloved Maria, who with her dying lips had bade him be happy with his Hester. Her lightest wish should under such a circumstance have been a covenant to him ; nor could she understand how a gentleman and a Christian should have so long ignored them. The poor Captain, who had, perhaps, rather piqued himself upon the delicacy of his scruples, suddenly dis covered tliat he had been 'behaving in a very discreditable manner. ' But she gave me to understand,' he stammered, and it was noticeable that his ' she' for the first time referred to the living object of his adoration, ' that she was engaged to somebody dse.' 'A very good reason, sir, for not pressing your atten tions upon her, then; but now that you know, upon the very best authority, that she only allowed you to go away with that impression, because she would not stand in the way of her cousiiffs happiness, I fail to see your reason for hesitation.' ' But she has sever told me that — that hor heart was free.' 'It is not free; it is yours,' she put in quickly, 'if you had — I do not say the good sense, but the good feel ing — to perceive it. Your conduct, Captain Drake, amazes me.' ' But then she is 60 very rich,' he murmured. ' Oh, I see,' replied his companion relentlessly ; 'pride is at the bottom of it. Perhaps you would like me to speak for you.' A proposition he accepted with the utmost gratitude. It is hardly necessary to say that her mission did not require much diplomacy to bring it to a sucoessful issue. Frank would probably £ave won Hester in any case; but the desire of her heart had a fuller completeness from the knowledge that it was accomplished with Maria's approval and recc^nition. There oould be no thought of rivalry between them, or any cause for silence even on the topic bo often ignored between husband and wife. On the con trary, their hearts were, if possible, more dosdy bound together by the memory of one so loved revered by both. The good we do is not always buried with us ; and so it was with the influence of Maria Barton, which hung over this happy pair like a benediction, and extended even to another generation. There is a little Maria growing up at Medbniy, as I'* parents fondly believe, after her namesake's pattern, who talks of her dead cousin with grave enthusiasm, as if bad known her in the flesh, and all thp summer through tends the flowers upon her grave upon the hill Sir Reginald would have preferred a grandson to a grand daughter, for where are we if our baronetcies become ex tinct? But it is impossible for him to be disappointed at anything that Hester does, fie knows now from experience that a daughter1 may be as great a blessing as a son. Frank is not quite so so licitous about ' his position in the country ' as the old man could wish; but Hester assures him that without any bidding for favour, there is no one so beloved and respected in all tbe country side, and Hester is always right. She cannot be brought to believe in the family ghost, notwithstanding the proof they both had of its ex istence on tbat terrible night they passed *!«»'' together. Sir Abraham's watch was found to nave stopped at the veiy hour (nine o'dock) when Sir Reginald heard the an cestral cry which betokened the passing away of the Castle into other hands. It had never struck him that it ought by rights to have been heard a second time when poor Murin. ppri-ih«i — an argument which. Hester very naturally refrains from making use of. She confines herself to contending that the affairs of the owners of Medbury, however, important, arc carried on independently of supernatural agencies. On the other hand, she does not consider, so far as her husband's position is concerned, that it requires much aid from external sources, or to be ' countenanced ' even by the Lord Lieutenant bimself. Though excellent friends with them, they do not, in fact, much cultivate the local magnates, unless, indeed, tbe Archdeacon and his wife — for the Castle and tbe Rectory are much nearer to one another than they used to be— can lie mnniiyr^ pifli Still less do Captain and Mrs. Drake si malri-ng a figure in society. It must be confessed, indeed, that they are not very fashionable peoplej and much prefer the country toffiS town. There is no more harai table house than Medbury in England; but outside its walls Hesters worid is small, and comprises only a few hundred persons, mostly poor, with whom however, die has very familiar relations. When some of them say, as they often do, 'that die reminds them of Miss Maria as was,' her heart is very glad. She prefers that commendation to any success that may be at tainable In circles of fadiion. She has not, I thinlr, very pleasant recollections of her one London season, though there is one person associated with it whose memoiy always keeps its freshness and its brightness— that of ner 'dear young papa.' How happy* he would have been to see her so happy. The Wests, of course, are frequent visitors at Medbury, and still more so Philip Langton ; he is hale and strong as ever, much less grave and reticent ; most welcome ot guests, he redoubles the sunshine of home; he arrives invariably with a pared of the latest London toys under his arm for his goddaughter, and with a ' May I?' to his smiling host, kisses his wife under his very eyes, He brings the news to Medbury from the great world without, t tells diem of Lord Thirlemere's marriage with the financier's daughter, and of Lady Jane Crummock's mesalliance with the curate of Bayswater. The story of Mr. Digby Mason being shot in a duel at Vice, in connection with five kings at ecarte, he reserves for his host's private ear over their cigars ; but eventually, of course, it reaches Hester. She is quite as much shocked by it as Mrs. Brabacon was her self, whom be treated ill in money matters. Sbe sneaks of herself as broken- hearted under the affliction, bnt bears up and is as fashionable as her diminished means will permit. Next to their 'young master' — for bo Frank Drake is called, and will probably continue to be so till he becomes Sir Francis — Philip Langton is the most popular man with the Medbury household ; while by Nurse Arkell, as the Colonel's friend and the guardian of dear Miss Hester (a slip she still often makes in speaking of her beloved mistress), he is almost worshipped. He often has a ch at with her about old times in file cozy little parlour devoted to her use, and she is very frank and open with him. We have all our defects, even though we may not have all those virtues which certainly belonged to NnrseArkeJl, and the particular weakness of uiis excellent woman was her partizanship. To say that she ' had her prejudioes ' would be much too mild a phrase to express her feelings with re spect to all connected with the family she has served so faithfully. The Colonel was a saint in heaven, dear Miss Hester almost too good to live, and Miss Maria an angel. People that were not Darrells might be also estimable iu their way, but stood on an altogether different and lower plane. Captain Francis Drake was a nice young gentleman enough, though he had been rewarded veiy considerably beyond his deserts ; and she had nothing to say against Sir Reginald, except that the airs some people gave themselves about their family were preposterous. ' Still, my good Arfaell,' Philip Langton once banter - iugly said to her, 'they have a family ghost which the Darrells could never afford to keep.' ' I have never seen it,' returned the old lady incredu lously ; ' and even if they have, have not we ' — we 1 — 'got a family motto as has always turned out true? Look at them Bartons, how they were all swept away for ns into the ocean.' ' But, my dear Mrs. Arkell,' said Philip reprovingly, that is surely not a subject for congratulation ; at the very best one can only say of it, as regards you and yours, that it is an ill wind that blows nobody good.' ' ' It was not the wind, Mr. Langton,' returned the old woman with triumphant solemnity ; ' it was the sea as did it. ' The luck of the Darrells, whate'er it shall be, Shall come by the sea, and go by the sea.' ' And now I trust it's come for good.' the end. 