Chapter XI.—The Opening of a Yein. } " Well, young Denville," said Dick Miggles, the great swarthy fisherman, whose black hair, dark eyes and aquil ine features told that his name was a corruption .of Miguel, and that he was a descendant of one of the unfortu nates who had been wrecked and im prisoned when the Spanish Ai-mada.; came to grief, and had finally resolved to " remain an Englishman." Dick Miggles rarely did anything in the daytime but doze and smoke. Of course, he ate and drank, and, as "on the present occasion, nursed the litle girl that Mrs. Miggles, who was as round and snub, and English of aspect as her lord was Spanish, had placed in his arms. At night matters were different, and people did say— but never mind. " Well, young Denville," said Pish man Dick, as he sat on the bench out side his whitewashed cottage with the whelk-shell path, bordered with mari gold beds, one of which flowers he plucked from time to time, to give the child. ' : • ' " Wehj Dick, where are my dabs ?". " Haw-haw," said the fisherman, laughing. "I say, missus, where's them dabs ?" Mrs. Miggles was washing up the dinner things, and she came out with a dish on which were a number of fried heads and tails, with a variety of spinal and other bones. "What a shame'." cried Morton, with a look of disgust. " I call that shabby, Dick." '• How was I to know that you would come after 'em, lad ? I'd ha' brote 'em, but I don't like to come to your house now." " I say, Dick, don't be a fool," cried the lad. " "What's the good of raking up that horrid afEair, now it's all dead and buried." " Hay," said Dick, shaking his head, "that ain't all dead and buried, like the old woman, my lad. There's more trouble to come o' that business yet.' " Oh, stuff and nonsense!" " Hay, it isn't, my lad. Anyhow, I don't like coming to your place now, and there's other reasons as well, ain't there, missus ?" "How, I do call that shabby, Dick. Just because there's a bill owing for fish. I've told you I'll pay it some day if papa does not ; I mean when I have some money." "Ay, so you did, lad, and so you will, I know; but I didn't mean that, did I, missus ?" "Ho," came from within. " What did yo.u mean, then?" " Hever mind. You wait and see. I say, the old gentleman looks as if he had got over the trouble, Master Morton. He was quite spry to-day." " Ho, he hasn't," said Morton. "It's quite horrible at home. He's quite ill, and never hardly speaks, and j my sister frets all day long." "Do she though! Poor gal! Ah, lie wants it found out, my lacL. It vorrits her, because you see it's just is if them joolsof the old lady's hung iike to.your folk, and you'd got. to iccpunt for 'em." "Get out! Why, whact nonsense, Dick." 4 What, dropped it agen, my pret' iy?" said the great fisherman, stoop' ing to pick up a flower, and place it in the little, feet hand that that was playing with his big^ rough finger* "Jib well, perhaps it be, but never, mind.' Isay, though, the-bid gentle- - man looked quite bisseilf agen. • My! he dor go dandy-jacking along' the cliff, more'h the best of 'em. He; do make me laugh,' he do. "Why, helloj Master Morton, lad,' whatfa matter ?" ■ •" If you dare to laugh atrny father, Ejiek," cried fhe%oy, whose face was; fliished and eye flashing, "big as you areTll punch your head." r "'Naw,'naw, naw, don't do that, my lad," said the fisherman, , growing solemn directly. "I were,not.laugh ing, ah'him. I were laughing , at his clothes." ; "And if my father dresses like the Prince andtheDuke and all'the fash ionable gentlemen, what is there to laugh at then ? Suppose I were to lhugh at you for living in that great, pair of trousers that comes right up under your arms ?" ; " "Well, you might- i^d^ and wel come ; they're very comFtable, kaw, haw, Maater Morton, what d'yer think I did yes'day ? I took little ; l&oWer; here, after missus had washed her, and put her right into one o\, my _ hoots, and she stood up in it with her head ana arms out, laughing and crow ing a good 'un. Aint she a little beauty-?" . xt Yes," said Morton, looking down and playing with the child. " Who is she?" " Dunno. Ask the missus." " And she won't tell me, Dick." ."That's so. But, look here, lad. I'm sorry I laughed at Master Den Tilled, for he's a nice gentleman, and always has a kind word and a smile if does'nt pay his hill." "Dick!" , " All right, my lad, all right. YouH pay that when you're rich I say. Chaps sez as you'll marry Lady Drelin eourt now, after saving her dog." " Don't, be ; a fool, Dick. Here, what, were you going to say ?"- said the lad, reddening. " You -won't; want a bit of fishing then, I suppose ?" "Look Here; are you going to speak, Dick, or am I to go ?" " All right, my lad. Look here; we eat your dabs, but never mind them. I shall just quietly leave a basket at your door to-night, You needn't know any thing about it, and you needn't be too proud to take it, for a drop in-the house is worth a deal sometimes, case of sickness. Ifs real French spirit; and a drop would warm the old gentleman sometimes when he's cold." " Smuggling again, Lick ?" " Never you mind about that, Master Morton, and don't call things by ugly names. But that ain't all I've go to say. You lost your dab3, bat if you'll slip out to-night and come down the pier, the tide'JLi be just right, and 111 have the bait and lines ready, and I'll give you as good a bit of fishing as you'd wish to have." " Will you, Dick ?" " Ay that I will. TKey were on last night, but they'llbe wonderf lil to-night, and I shouldn't wonder if w£ ketches more than we expex." " Oh, but I couldn't go, Dick.": " Why not, lad.r" " You see I should have to slip out in the old way—through the drawing room, and down the balcony pillar." "lame as you and Master Fred used, ehr" "Don'ttalk about liiin,' said the ad. " Well, he's your own brother." "Yes, but father won't have his name mentioned," said the bo/' sadly. " He's to be dead to usi Here, what a fool I am, talking so. to you." " Oh, I don't know,, niy lad, we wa •. always friends since you was quite a little chap, and I used to give yo i rides in my boat." . " On'v you do get a bit prouder no x you're growing sudli as. trapping chap, Master Morton:*' " I shan' change to ydu; Hick." " Then come down to-night, say at half arter'leaven." Morton shook, his head." . " Why, you ain* afra'd ofseeing the old woman's ghost, are you r" "Absurd! Xo. But it seems so horrible to come down- that balcouy pillar to get out du the sly." " Why, you never used' to think so, my lad." " No, but I do now. Do you know, Dick," be said in a whisper, " I often think that the old lady was killed by some one who had watched me go in out that way." " Eh ?" cried the fisherman, giving a peculiar stare. " Yes, I do," said.the lad, laying his hand on the big fellow's shoulders. " I feel sure of it, for that murder must have been done by some one who knew how easy it was to get up there and open the window." "Did you ever see anyone watching of you?" said the fisherman, in a hoarse whisper. " N—no, I'm not sure. I fancy I did* see some one watching one night." " Phew!" whistled the fisherman, " it's rather hot, my lad, sitting here in the sun." " Perhaps some day I shall find out who did it, Dick." . " Hah—yes," said the man, staling at him hard. "Then you won't come?" ".Yes, I will," cried Morton. "IPs. so .cowardly not to come. "I shall he there;" and, stopping to pick, up the flower the child had again dropped, the pretty little thing smiled In-his face, and he bent down and kissed lt before striding away. " Think 'o that, now," said Mm. Miggles, coming to the door.. "Think *o what?" growled her lord, breaking off an old sea ditty he was singing to the child. " Why, him taking to the little one and kissing It. How strange things is!" 