. traveller. Three Weeks in Southland, Sf.Z, JB* Eunt Mourn. (Oontimifd.) * From Kingston to Queenstown the scenery ; fa comparatively tame for Lake Wakatip although, if the tourist were to , limit his ex. cureion to Queenstown,-he would probably Jie under the impression that the gorges and mountains that he passed in review as the little Mountaineer steamed on its way were tolerable specimens of nature under difficul lies. Every quarter of a mile or so a minia. Hate cascade would come tumbling down from jhe mountains, and some of them never jeaohed: the Xiake at all but were frozen in ^jheir course, and remained hanging like a eilver thread partly lost amid the dense •growth of cabbage palms, feres, and scrub, which clothed the western slope of the mountains from the water's edge. . Although Tennyson, so far -as I know, ever vjsited Lake Wakatip, he has described JBppesWnce of those tiny rivulets to per- ~ lin the Lotos Eaters— rthread theslender stream lee/ADdJ^ajFBindidswrli." About half-way between Kingston and Queenstown the river Loohy oomes tumbling down a gloomy gorge, guarded by two snow-oapped mountains, which stand like sentinels watohing the river as- it rushes over its shingly bed to mingle its waters with the mighty Wakatip. ThiB is called Halt-way Bay—a very prosaic name for the first rotdantic spot which greets thie traveller on his way to the more gorgeous soenery at the head of the lake. In the meantime the little Mountaineer is steaming along past the snow-oapped mountains which appear to! oloee in behind her, aud in front present an impenetrable wall, where " Hills peep o'er hille, and Alps on Alps arisol" tin til the very grandeur of the scene becomes monotonous, and I descend into the little cabin, where I find my commercial friend sound asleep over a yellow baok novel, on the crimson cushions of the cosy little saloon. I also endeavor -to become interested in a French novel which I bad picked up promiscuously in a Sydney book-stall; and if the navel was cot quite so enthralling as the title of " La Feinme de Cire " would lead one to expect, it was certainly amusing to read a Frenchman's opinions of the " Is dies and ^ridle)nan. New-York&is;, u which were perhaps more original than correct. According to this veracious Frenchman the average " gentleman New-Yorkais" marries one week and is divorced tho next. His life is a ohoice mixture of true religion and brandy cock-tails, tempered " aveo le revolver." The hero of this choice specimen of Gaelio literature is one James Gobson, who in the opening chapter playfully knocks one of his wife's teeth out, and artistically cuts off her left ear. He then disappears into the Rocky mountains, from whence he despatches a band of Bed Indians, who capturc his wife from the centre of a circle of admiring friends who, at her invitation, are enjoying the delights of " tin ial masqut!" The body of a woman is subsequently l'ound floating in the river, and is identified as Miss IdaBiokard (otherwise Mrs. Gobson). By the way, Mrs. Gobson is always called Hiss Ida, which is an additional proof of the author's familiarity with American manners and customs. James Gobson is suspected of being the murderer of his wife, whose supposed body has been identified; and he is about to be arrested when he ooolly walks into the detective office with a cigar in his mouth. In spite of his assertions that Ida Bickard is still alive, he is about to be hanged, to the great satisfaction ul a Yankee mob. who are yelling for his blood, when Ida Bickard herself turns up. The living Ida Bickard aud the dead Ida Bickard are as much alike as Cnsar and i'ompey; and the new-comer is also minus a tooth and an car in a precisely similar manner to the corpse. The supposed murderer, James Gobson, id now released amid the enthusiastic acclamation oE the mob which, only five minutes before, was howling tor his blood. Then the divorced Mr. and Mrs Gobson are re-married, and the presumption is that the playful Gobson will now prooeed to cut off his wife's other car and knock out another tooth or so, in the accustomed manner of the "gentlemen Nea-Yorkais." But a preternatural!? acute detective, William Dow, ttili persists in belioving that James Gobson has killed his wife ; so he has a cast of the dead Ida Bickard taken in wax; and this " Femme de Cire" plays a very im port&nt; part in unravelling the mysteries of the rather ghastly story. It appears that James Gobson, who must have been a very nice man for a small tea-party, had killed his wife, and married his deceased wife's sister. Then he had cut off bis deceased wife's sister's car, and knocked out one of his deceased wife's sister's teeth in order to make the resemblance of the twin sisters more exact. Then he re- marries his deceased wife's sister, pretending that she is his deceased wife, whom he thus praotically demonstrates not to be deceased at all. In the long run, of course, James Gobson is hanged; but it would have been much better if the bad been hanged in the first chapter, both for the writer and reader of this remarkable novel. But while my friend the commercial is snoring on one side of the little saloon, and I am trying to become interested in this gory Iragedy on the other, the Mountaineer is speeding on her way to Queenstown, and from the little, windows of the saloon I can see that we are still passing gloomy gorgCB and snow-capped mountains, which appear to b:* getting wilder and more rugged the further we proceed. We reach Queenstown about 4 o'clock, and a most charming little hamlet it looks with the little white houses, putting one in mind of a township of Liliput, on the shores ot a perfect little miniature bay, backed by mountains of brobdingnagian pro portions, As our steamer slowly made for the little, jetty we had time to take a good view of the little town and its surroundings before getting too close to lose the effect of the scene as a ii hole. To our right, as we steamed in, was a sort of little peninsula, planted with blue gums— a tree which seems to flourish batter in New Zealand than in Australia; and, indeed, I question whether the Tasmanian blue gum is xiot quite as much at home in New Zealand as in its native island. As we stand on the ueck of the steamsr and look over the little peninsula which helps to form the little bay, our view is stopped by a rugged mountain mass which shoots straight up from the water, i.cd looks like a gigantio cross-cut saw with teeth 6,000 feet high, pointing skyward, and ever which some playful Titans had scattered flour in sport. These are " the Bemarkable Mountains;" but why they should be more remarkable than the ten thousand other mountains which are visible at the same time, it is bard to say. They are certainly rugged and steep, and razor backed; with angry looking black teeth jutting out of the pure white snow which vainly tries to cling to the smooth, shining surface, springing up almost perpendicularly until lost in the clouds and mists. They are old and haggard looking ; i carred and seamed, and torn with the storms and tempests, and frosts of ten million years or more; but they are no more remarkable than any one, or any ten thousand other mountains which crowd and jostle each other ior standing room around Lake Wakatip. By this time we are at the Queenstown wharf, apd a large proportion of the inhabl tants of Qaeenetown, in the shape of two men and a boy, are thereto witness our disembarkation. Half of the entire passenger list of the Mountaineer, from Kingston to Queenstown, leave the steamer at the latter port, when my l'riend the Commercial steps on chore. He is hound for the Arrow, a mining township about fifteen miles further on, and the centre of a considerable diggings, about whioh the name of the Shotover recalls familiar reoollections. But before he goes we adjourn to Eichardt's hotel, where we drink our first whisky since leaving the Elbow. The hospitable and motherly landlady welcomes my travelling companion as an old acquaintance; and as I have only a limited time at my oommand, she advises me to go "on by the boat to the head of the Lake, and return to Queenstown by the Sarah-Jane, another of the Wakatip steamboats. . At o'clock, then, the third whistle of the mountaineer (whioh, by the way, sounds more like a fog-horn) breaks the silence, and reverberates from the hills, and advises all pas, sengers to embark. It was nearly dark when we baoked away from the Queenstown whart. The mists were gathering thick upon the mountains; and these snow-draped giants looked like so many ghosts' brooding over some black tarn in a gigantic spirit land. Now we are swallowed up in the darkness, and the laBt lights of Queenstown have disappeared. With nothing -risible but the inky black water, of which one ia only conscious by the perception of an added blackness, and an occasional ise of a ghostly something on our right, i, disappearing sternward, we presi masses of darkness visible; these we instinctively aooept as the monntains everlastingly towering to the sky, and cow only visible because more blackly invisible than the murky vault above them. In such a scene as tbis it must have , been that Edgar Allen Foe conceived his mystical poem, Ulalume:— The skies they were a^hen and sober; The leaves they were crisped and sere— The leaves they were withering and sere; It was night in the lonesome October Of my most immemorial year. It was hard by the dim lake of Auber, In the misty mid region of Weir— It was down by the dark tarn of Auber, In the ghonl- hanated ,woodland of Weir." '' In such a scene as this the. poet wandered through an alley Titanio of cypress " with Psyche his soul. But it requires the soul of a poet to extract the hidden beauties of such a scene as tbis. Hidden they are indeed; for there is absolutely nothing but darkness visible, unless what ma.v be visible " to the mind's eye, Horatio." But here comes the captain, who, up to this point, has been upon the bridge, and we get into conversation about things in general and Lake Navigation in particular. The ship's certificate, hanging at the head of the companion-way, gives us the following information about our captain and his vessel:— Name of ths steamer: Mountaineer. Port of registry: Dunedin. Name of master: Edward Thomas Wing. Registered tonnage: G6. And I may as well acknowledge at once that I was very much exercised in my mind as to the reason why such a good seaman who, like Captain Corcoran, hBS " sailed the ocean blue;" and who, moreover, is a genial, worthy gentleman, should be content to navigate Lake Wakatip in a toy steamer. But Captain Thomas Wing knows what he is about, and doubtless he has good and potent reasons for sticking to a post which is certainly less profitable than others that he might easily aspire to. It is not to be supposed that navigating Lake Wakatip is less difficult than intercolonial navigation. Under certain conditions, I should think it would be much more hazardous. Here we are now steaming along full speed in pitchy darkness without a solitary light _or land mark visible. On our right is a rocky wall plunging down into unfathomable depths, Wecannot see the rocky shore, but we know, or at least suppose, it is within say four hundred yards of our starboard bow. On our left is another rocky wall, springing from equally unfathomable depths. These two rocky walls are constantly altering their position in accordance with the serpentine twists of the lake—or rather the lake alters to suit their contortions. Bight in front of as, and stretching across the lake from wall to wall— we cannot say from shore to shore, SB there is practically no shore—are a series of rocky islands, through which, in the blaokness of darkness, the captain, by some sort of blood instinct or inspiration, has to thread his way, Ocean navigation is mere child's play to this. Here, ten minutes' .steaming in a wrong direction, or past a certain point (which point in the darkness can only be guessed at), aud the vessel is hurled upon a wall of rock; and if she were the Great Eastern herself she would be swallowed up, and leave not a ripple on the surface in less than five minutes. There, out in the high seas, if the captain is dubious of his position, be can turn his vessel's head towards the South Pole, or wherever he likes into illimitible waters, and steam away with safety until daylight. (To be continued.) 