Lightwares Br a Pedlah. That ere rr line which written here may he Go to its mark straight and unerringly; That every laugh be clean and fairly bought; That condemnation neTer go unsought ; That, cut or thrust or lend approving cheer, Aim may be honest, thought and purpose clear. Nothing through the week but the Contingent and the rain — the rain which, beginning ,upon Sunday night, poured down without one single moment's cessation till noon of Wednesday, and the Contingent, who, upon Tuesday, through all the rain, marched up the streets and shivered under the rain of addresses in the barrack-yard, and staggered under the rain of liquors poured on and into them long before nightfall, and who since have been staggering all and sundry acquaintances by their incessant rain of news. The Contingent did not look well. They seemed to have put on the lilies and languors of the Soudan for the roses and raptures of the not too Sunny South. They were limp and baggy, and the khakee clung to them* and they had no flannels beneath. Somebody should be hung about that matter of the flannels. It was most cruel negligence which deprived the men of such necessary comfort. Imagine the change from that fierce June vapour bath of theTted Sea, where it was actually parboiling upon the breeziest deck of the Arab, to the chilling rain of the Sydney south-easter ! Fancy coming down from the Barcoo, with the breezy cotton shirt and the well-worn moleskins, and stand ing and marching and fooling around in them for four long, weary hours, with rain beating and wind freezing you ! That is just what these lads had to endure, and, kept up by cheers and frequent surreptitious nips, it must be said that they endured it well. ? The cause of growl is that they ought not to have been required to endure it at all. The good and active Health Officer of, this colony had wearied himself and worried all the Government Departments through the whole of Monday in getting out a thousand under suits of flannel, had seen them shipped, knew that they were left upon the wharf, knew, also, that through some rascally negligence they were left upon the wharf still, and the poor men were sent shivering through the city. It was good to see the doctor, with a pure Scotch instinct, trying even on Tuesday to make amends for this neglect. ' What, my poor fellows, they have not given you flannels ? Tlien, the next best thing to keep out the cold is whisky, so come down from that balcony, you wholesale merchant, and get me out 20 cases of Glenlivet, and let your cart take it, and form in the tail of the procession, and I will see to its dis tribution immediately the Commandant calls halt*' Which was done. The funniest spectacle on the parade ground — with respect be it spoken and taken — wash is Excellency the Governor. A Minister of the Crown had undertaken to hold an umbrella above his Excellency during the reading of the address, and whether of - inadvertence or malice, £ know not, but he h£ld the umbrella so that its frequent drip got behind the collar of the vice regal coat. And his Excellency was afraid to lose his place, and so read on. The health problem is just now agitating many minds. People have suddenly discovered that they are uncleanly, unwholesome, uncomfortable, unhealthy, and, if it be permitted to manufacture another un, uncontented. Fever has been slaying and maiming them through years, and the people who ought to know say, ' You have made the fever for yourselves, and some day you will make cholera for yourselves, and then you will die and be practically guilty of suicide.' It is a most unpleasant thing to see even a dim prospect of suicide ahead ; and thus there has been a 60rt of dead halt iu the march of contentment, and a general desire to turn about and get on a better track. Wednesday afternoon's meeting was the form of expression taken by this desire, and very decent and practical expression it was. But the funny thing in connection with the meeting was the circular issued by the corporation. The corporation seemed somewhat in the predicament of Macbeth approached by the ghost of Banquo, 'Thou canst not say I did it and if you propose to attempt anything of the sort, just look here and tell me how you -will get over this — this being the circular which showed that since the year 1876 the corporation has had fines and costs amounting to £8237 6s. collected from various persons found guilty of offending against the laws of cleanliness. ' What !*' exclaimed a man present who did not go far beneath the surface of things ; ' they make a thousand a year of it, and you ask them to change it ! Do you think they ax? mad ?'* There was once an old Governor in this colony who knew better how to deal with this sort of thing. He bothered his head very little indeed with fines and processes. He had not many people to rule ; but he knew how clear and imperative was his duty to rule them Recently, and how important it was that they 6hould be supplied with pure water to drink, and news came to him that some of them were bathing in the old Tank Stream, and could not be persuaded to abstain from that undesirable process. ' They will, and they will not, eh?' said he. 'We shall see.' And straightway he drafted and published a proclama tion which, with fair reasoning of whereas and afore said, decreed that whosoever should from that day forth bathe his inconsiderate body in that stream should straightway — be fined, impri soned, flogged ? No, no. The Governor would have no such half measures as these. He should have his house pulled down. There it stands in the records of the time— the dear old time when there were no Executive, or municipal, or other muddling and cum bersome councils— when the Governor was free to do ?whatever seemed to him best, and yet did not always i contrive to put in the foundations which we should desire, and which we would certainly have laid, had we possessed the power and also, perhaps, the wis dom which is the product of at least a hundred years of experience. They were not all wise men in those old days. I heat d recently a rumour of one who seemed to share the desire of the Pharaohs and of iShakspeare for quiet repose after death. He was not content with any ordinary grave. Six feet of earth would not suffice — the floods might disturb, rabbits or the bandicoots might unearth him. He would build a vault, he would place a church above the vault, he would be lulled in his sleep by holy pBalm and hymn. All the generations of men should tread above him, ard his bones should never be molested. Poor man ! 'When he died they laid him in the vault which he had prepared, and shut-to the door. But in a year or two bad times came ; then rust in the wheat, floods destroying the corn, the people melted away from the river, and the church was left unused for many years. And then came a hurricane and took away the roof, and a flood of the river loosened some of the stones, and the wandering cattle set their backs against the doors, and the vault in the end was broken open, and some of the horned beasts of the forest rushed then amongst the bones. Hunting the beasts, some few bush laiTikins got into the vault one day, and a decent man coming along found them a little later playing tipcat, or shinty, or some other game, with the shins and the skull. He, mindful of Shak speare's curse and knowing the old man's desire, gathered them all together, placed them in the box, and bricked up the door. So they remain to-day in the ruined church at Wiseman's Perry, on the Hawkesbury River. Is it not refreshing to meet a man who forgives freely and frankly and without reservation ? Such a man as this now. He was very well known, and he was never missed where good liquor was flowing freely, and thus one day he found his way into a com Eany met to drink bon voyage to one who had not been is friend. He was in no sense abashed, and yet when one said to him, ' You should make it up now ; you know he wishes you no harm and you may never meet again,' stiffened and replied, ' I shall never desire to meet again,' ' But he wishes you well.'' ' Then he can say so, and that will be quite another thing.' Over came the unwilling guest with extended hand. 'Iam sorry we have been parted so long, and I am glad you bear me no ill-will, and I hope you will not refuse to join me in a glass of wine/* To which came the solemn reply, ' Sir,! never object to drink with any man, unless it be a convicted felon, especially when I am thirsty.' ' And after that,' says the man who tells the tgle, ' there was much conviviality.' Did you ever try to realise the real magnitude of the matter which upset the Gladstone Government, and may upset the peace of the world? It was heer — that is a great matter; but it was not an attempt to stop the beer or to force it into the bodies of unwilling drinkers. It was a shilling aharreltax upon beer — one shilling, upon 36 gallons, one-third of a penny per gallon, a quantity that could never be levied on the customer, a tax that must fall upon the publican and the brewer. And this was the rock upon which the whole current of diplomacy was split. How strange it may sound to the ears of the next generation .' Because our fathers would not pay one shilling a barrel on heer, they kicked out the one old pilot who could have prilled them through without war and without loss. They kicked up the dust again with Russia, they fought Russia, and they beat Russia, of course ; and for the luxury of that beating we have to pay interest now upon an increase to the national debt of £500,000,000 ! , 