RITUALISM AND SACERDO TALISM. REV. M. R. GARNSEY IN REPLY. At Christchurch (St. Laurence) last evening, the Rev. C. F. Garnsey, incumbent, replied to cer tain strictures recently made with regard to ritu- alism and sacerdotalism. Taking as his text the words in Galatians 5th chap, and 1st verse :— "Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free, and be not en tangled again with the yoke of bondage." He said that these words had lately been brought forward as a warning to members of the Church of Christ to avoid two evils— those of Ritualism and Sacerdotalism— and he had thought it right to take advantage of his pre sence with them that evening, and to those espe cially who were members of the Church of Eng land, to endeavor to counteract any mistakes that might arise from the use of terms, and to preserve the truth which the words contained. And both these terms belonged to the Church of England ; indeed the first term belonged to every one who acknowledged the duty of wor- shipping God, and who assumed some form or attitude in that worship. One of the most touching and beautiful attitudes of ritualism was a little child placed by its mother's knee in the attitude of prayer, and he supposed that no one but would look with delight upon such a sight. But that was ritualism because it performed an act of the body in the worship of God, and he did not know how they could possibly worship God without such attitude. Some had one way of showing reverence to the Almighty, some had other ways, whilst there were some who did not think it necessary to show any reverence at all. Now they endeavored as far as they could to produce the greatest possible amount of reverence. They believed themselves to be in the house of God and they presented the holy table to the members of the Church of England, or the altar, if they chose so to designate it, for there was the memorial of the great sacrifice of Christ, as every benefit they received came from the Cross of Christ. This was the repre sentation of it, and it was taken from the synagogue, which received it from the temple, and the temple was ordained by God. In the temple was the holy sanctuary, and they had the representation of the sanctuary with the additions that belonged to the Christian times. In the old Jewish times the veil was before it, and no one was allowed to enter but the High Priest once a year. When that ineffable death took place upon the cross and all the sacrifices of the law were completed in the sacrifice of Christ ; then that veil was taken away, and be cause the ministration of Christ was so much better than the law, they were now permitted to look into this place, where God was wor shipped. Yet he was told that he was wrong in saying that the Presence was there. Christ bound them to one rite and that only, the rite of Holy Sacrament. They were told to keep this sacrament till He came again. If they had been admitted into the Church by baptism, they were bound to obey Christ's expressed command. And so they tried to celebrate that holy rite with all that belonged to it, they tried to maintain the Catholic faith with regard to it, and to take the language of the book of Common Prayer, which contained the gist and the spirit of Catholic literature. They told the people that they could not come too often to its sym bols, which was daily bread required for the soul's life. They did not tell them that they could stay away, or that they had satisfied themselves when they had made their peace with God, and that they were going to heaven straight away ; but they should there acknowledge their sins, and ask pardon for what was done amiss, and to seek faith in the sacrifice of Christ that they might be accepted of God. And yet coming into the place where the spiritual manna was given, they were to be blamed for kneeling and prostrating them selves, instead of appearing in the pride of their heart. Were they to be again entangled in a yoke of bondage that would make them worship God or work for Him and seek to bring souls to Him only in the way that certain might desire? They were further charged with Sacerdotalism. We, Sacerdotalism was expressed in the formula of The Church of England -- that no one was to minister who was not ordained by a bishop. And there were many things that the minister only could do which were not allowed to the deacons. The deacon could not baptise, he could not dispense the sacrament, and many other things he was forbidden from doing. Then also the deacon was not formerly allowed to marry any one, but now they are allowed to do it in these lax times, though they could not kneel before the table as the priest of the Catholic Church could, as he only had the right. The priest brought the poor penitent to the cross of Christ to say " God be merciful to uic a sinner." The jirioHt claimed that if the sinner w as in doubt, he should go to him and he would lead the erring one to his Saviour. This was the priest's work. Ho did not say to any, you are goieg to the devil, but if you turn round and say you are sorry for your Bins, you will be entitled to Heaven. Tho Church of England said tlmt all were children of the Father, and had the priests to minister to this nnd that erring one. .She does not say, " Vou wicked bad nun, ' but " 0 Lord, look down upon this, Thy servant." And in this spirit the pTiesls went among the outcasts and the wanderers among niou. They were told that they preached bap tismal regeneration, but thin' .was a quarrel about words. Baptism put urrinto a stuto of salvation, so the catechism of tho Church taught, and parents were bidden to bring their children to be baptised, and Christ told them to go into all tho world and leach all nations, naptising them in tho namo of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, and how conld this bo done if the children were not baptised. Their prayer- book said— " Seeing now, dearly beloved brethren, that this child is by baptism rogenrate," and there were other instances to show- thai the charge levelled against him was levelled against tlie Church of England. 11c was also brought to book for prencldng the "real presence ;" hut iliis he always would preitcli to the day of ids death- Ho did not believe in trans-substnntia- lion nor in the corporal presence, but he be lieved that His body and blood in an iiielfubly uivst'i.ious manner wa.i there. "This is My ini'lv, ibis is Mv blood," and if they inked Him ;oi it lie w-oithl give it. For this lie told the jiyqilv to look, luis to pray ior, this to expect. 