THE MAN SHE CARED FOR. By F. W. ROBINSON, Author ol "Grandmother's Money," "Coward Con science," " Poor Zeph," "Anne Judjce, Spinster, "The Black Speok," "Eands ol juatioe," "A Woman's Ransom," &o.; BOOK TITE THIRD.—THE MISTRESS OF ILVERCOXIEE. Chapter XXXX.-fcontinued). The old lady held out Iwr anus to hev. and Aggie went towards her and was enfolded in them. " Why did I not know you earlier in life, my Aggie?—why did that poor dead son you speak of keep the truth away from me ?" she mur mured, "Why has my life from beginning to end been one complete mistake ?" "Is it a mistake to love me at the Ia3t?" Aggie asked. " Oh, no ; well said, child !" replied the grandmother. "Even to me there comes a blessing at the eleventh hour, and where I had only looked for hate and nncharitableness. Now, let me tell you, Aggie, that in the iron safe of my Paul's study—in the room locked up—you will find some ietters of your mother, and many papers of your father, and I would have you ask Prances Dangertiekl to read them over with you. They will explain the will that is there also. Von two women—and you two alone—may see the best way to act, and you must think of everybody. Tcan't," she added feebly; " I never had the strength."' " But—my brother ?" "You will act without hitn in this matter to begin with," said the old lady decisively ; " I wish it. If it's the last word I had to say in life, I wish that, Aggie." " 1 cannot act against him." "It may be acting for him," was the reply. "I ask yon for your own sake, f command you for the sake of your father and me to do this. I cannot trust your brother to be merciful." "And you trust me?" " Yes." "I will read the papers, then, with Mrs. DangeiHeld, not binding myself in any way to act upon them afterwards." " This you promise?" "This I promise, if I live." " If you live !" echoed old Mrs. 1 i.ingr-rlield. " What put that into your head " Life is uncertain, surclv?" "If you live!" muttered the grandmother. " I never thought of your dying before me and of what would happen then. There! you un nerve me; there lias been too much talk of death to-night to please a woman on the edge of her own grave. Let me take your arm up stairs, and teilTherese to follow us." The instructions were given, and Agnes and her grandmother went up the broad stairs to gether. At the door of the elder woman's room they paused, and old Mrs, Danger-field said very solemnly— "Good night, child, and God be with you till we meet again." "Shall I cunie and sit with vou for a while ?" "No ; Therese will do that." "You are not going to sit up I hope T Agnes enquired. " I am not going to rest immediately; but then the old don't crave for rest—don't require it like the young. 1 think," she added, " that I have work to do before 1 sleep. " "Pray let me help you." "That is beyond your power, Agnes. Good night again ; think no more of what L have said • until the time, comes to act. You should have nothing save| bright thoughts, for you are entering on a new life, believing that marriage means love and constancy and happiness. Is not that it ?" " It should mean that or nothing," was the answer. "And it means all three with Daniel Over down. Ah ! well," sighed the grandmother, " I wish it had been Hamilton." "Pray, don't say so! You cannot guess whatsis for the best." " No, I have been never able to guess that." These were the parting words betwee.n the kinswomen, and they gave a turn to tile old train of thought when Agnes Cluillis was safe within lier room. They turned her from the one theme which had stalked into the fore ground that night—which had been the aim and object of her life before love had gained ) the mastery. Love—and for whom '? She had not owned to loving Daniel Overdowu, not as a woman should love the man whom she accepts for a suitor; and yet she was as troubled as a love-sick maiden that night, and dreamed in the moonlight like a very Juliet. But it was scarcely the face of a Juliet thinking of her Eoineo. as she sat at the window with the curtains drawn back from the winter landscape, all white and silver beneath the moonbeams; not a face full of praise and rhapsody and hope, with the stamp of heaven upon it, the ever creative heaven of her own bright future—glorious fallacy that it may be to the girl who loves a>v the first time. It was a face expressive of pain, of an effort at resignation at which her her heart rebelled—the face of one wlm has awakened from a dream, instead of one who dreams on and believes visions reality. Engaged to be married ! Yes : she had pro mised Daniel Overdown to become his wife; she had taken pity upon him and saved him from despair; she had rewarded his long study of her by answering " Yes." She could not, dare not, think out the story to the end. He had given her time, her own time, and it would not be difficult to train herself to the duty which she had undertaken. He would uot hurry her; lie would wait patiently for years, and in years slie should forget. Forget what? She did not whisper all that was in her heart; she did not dare to own that Daniel Overdown was deposed, had never reigned, had only held the foremost place by the right which constituted him her benefactor, never a lover, or the ghost of one. Suddenly, in the midst of her reverie, a voice of the night startled her by calling out her name, and she sprang up and pressed her face to the glass, so that she might peer down into the shadows of the garden close beneath the windows. There was a man standing and looking up at her, or her dream had taken a new shape. She opened the window with trembling hands. " Don't be afraid, Aggie, it is I—Sam !'' hex brother called forth in a low tone. " You here again ? at this hour ! Has any thing happened?" " I am watching the house, that's all: and there are those who don't sleep in it any better than yourself. " he said in the same suppressed tone of voice." " What do yon mean ?" " There is a light in the room of our father's study to-night—there was one last night :'' Sam ■ replied. | "Impossible!"' | " I saw it after I had left you, and tried to climb up by the ivy, which broke down with ine. It is there again to-night." Aggie Challis was a brave woman, but she feit the blood running not so warmly in hex veins as it had done a minute or two since, "Are you certain of this ?" "Quite certain. I have been expecting the light—watching for it," he repeated. " 1 will go. Wait underneath the windows of the study till you see me. Sam, or hear my voice." "All x-ight!" She closed the window, took up her light, and went with a rapidly beating heart into the shadowy corridor. " It was a rash adventiu-eandrequiredall hex strength of nxincl to follow to the eixd. J t' Sam were right, and it was not likely that he should be the victim of hallucination, there were plotters abroad, and it was necessary to watch tiiem and confound them. In the disused apartment of her father her grandmother had owned to valuable papers being secx-eted, and : others in the house—servants, perhaps visitora —had heard of this fact, and were searching for them when honest folk were sleeping. See was acting for herself, and in her own cause, by proceeding to the rescue. Nervous and ex cited as she was, it did not strike her that it might be venturing into no common danger until she stood with her hand on the study door, which was ajar—startling proof of a tres passer lurking within. She hesitated then for the first time—the thought of awaking Therese. or one of the^ ser vants on the upper floors, occurring to tier as a necessai-y procedure before she faced the un known on the other side of the wainscot. She listened. The silence was unbroken by a sound ; no one stirred within the study ; if any one were breathing there, she must have heard it. listening thus intently. She could believe at last that it was a delusion of her brother's, and her hand stole forward softly and pushed the door inwards by an inch or two. whilst her great hazel eyes glared at the opening thus made. She drew back again quickly; there vas a light burning in the study, and mortal hands bad placed it there, as surely as there must be a mortal form amonerst the dust and books of her father's favorite room, "The light was very bright, but the stillness of death was in the room. There was not a movement within, Agnes was certain, and, unable to endure longer the suspense—the horror of the position—she pushed the door aside and went in, with a hand pressed upon lxer upheaved breast. One quick, eager, comprehensive glance, and then the truth appalled her utterly, and a wild scream of affright escaped her, and rang echo ing through the corridors. The iron safe was open, and old Mrs. Danger field lay on the floor before it a dead woman, with the keys clutched tightly in her hands, (To be continued.) We are informed that a man named Gibson while helping to remove a staircase in the Old Christian Association Building on Wednesday was struck on the leg by a piece oE timber. He was taken to the house of a friend, and at tended by Dr. Hamilton, who floes uf>t regard the injury as seiious, 