VICTORIA RACING CLUB.— WINTER . STEEPLECHASE MEETING. Saturday eveninir. The ;rain, whioh fell during the previous night rendered the aourse and enclosures at Fleming- ton danip; and ; heavy, but the elements to-day were more propitious. A grey day will convey an idea of the state of the atmosphere, but not- withstanding these drawbacks there was capital racingi and a good attendance, inoluding His Excellency the Governor, Lady Loch and family. The Steeplechase was prolific in falls, and of fifteen starters only three finished. Several of the riders were badly hurt. Ripe, who stoered Moonlight, receiving the most serious injuries, and is still in a dangerous state. The following are tho details of the racing ; — Maiden Hurdle Race. — Of 6 soys, with 200 added, About two miles. Mr Talbot's Hippogriff, 9st. ,,, (Oorrigan) 1 Mr Rhodon'B Sea Breeze, lOst. 21b. (Hill) 2 Mr Crippa Duration, 9st. 121b. (M'Leod) 3 .The following also started : — Conp d'Etat, Grattan, Echo, Oculist, Insolvent, Ace, Ravep, Walhalla, Anthonian, Suncroft, and Ebony. Latest Batting : 3 to 1 against Baven, 6 to 1 Hippogriff, 6 to 1 Duration. A good start was affected, Echo and Duration being the most pro minent/and they led in this order to the straight, whore Oculist assumed tho lead, Ebony and Ooup d'Etat being entirely outpaced. At the Back Oculist fell, and Insolvent assumed the lead, followed by Duration ; Hippogriff and Ravon close together. Hippogriff then came fast, and led into the straight, winning by a couple of lengths from Sea Breeze. Timo, 4 rain. 3 sec. Maiden Steeplechase.— Of 5 sovs. eaoli with 200 added. Abuut two mileB. Mr Read's Reticent lOit 71bs 1 Hon. W. Pearson's Lady Ashton Ust 12lbs 2 Mr Miller's Kulkyne list Ulbs 3 Tho following also started — Brown Eagle, Devilshoof, Joes, Indian Quoen, Signal, and Riverton. Lady Asliton made tho running for tho greater portion of the distance, but began to tiro on roaohing tho straight, and Retioont then assumed the lead winning by a number of lengths, the third herso boing at tho distance post. Time — 5min 2j-sec, Grand National Hurdle Race. — Of 10 sovs. each with 400 added. About threo mileB. Mr Hart's Tlio Agent list Olbs (Ferguson) 1 Mr Laurie's Guurdfish lOst 8!bs (Beauchamp) 2 Mr Cox's Cockboat 9s t (Cox) 3 The following also started : — Huntsman, Shoet Anchor, Star, Student, Tantaliser, Omadliaun and Sea Breeze. An exeollent start was effected. Guardiish and Huntsman taking tho load, and the first mentioned soon cut out tho running, completely outpacing tho field. At tho bridge Guardfish had a lead of six lengths. Tantaliser, Sheet Anchor and Hunts man coming next. Reaching the nbbatoirs , Guardfish was a dozen longths ahoad, with Huntsman, Tantalisor, Omedhaun and Shoot Anchor oloso together in tho order named. Oraadhaun then fell, and Guardfish led into tlio straight by fully 20 longths. Huntsman, Tantaliser and Shcot Anchor boing still in order, but tho lattor tlion dropped haok, and passing tho stand was absolutely last, tho posi tion of tho othore being unaltered. Tho raoo wag fittlo more than a prooessipn to tho bridge, where Guardfish - had a - lead of i (SO,' -lengths. Sheet Anchor, who was improving his position then/ -bunglod, and was- loft still further behind. 'Thore was fittlo alteration in tlio positions passing tbo nbbatoirs and sheds, and Cockboat and The Agent began to come vory fast, and a fino raco into tho straight on- Bued. Tho Agent then possod Guardfish, and tlio three raced homo, oqusl distances apart, the favourite,' .'Siiuot Anchor, finishing a bad last. Won by' tliroo. lengths. Time, Gtuin. Ojsso. Grand National Steeplechase. — Of 15 sovs., with 500 addud. .About 3 miles. Mr Laughliu's Wymlot, 10Bt 41b (Oorrigan) 1 Mr Russell's Sailor, 9at 10lb (M'Leod) ... 2 Mr Cohen's Denmark, 12st 111b (Kilduff) 3 Tlio. following ;also; started : GQvernur, Mor- vod, Forrostor, Moonlight, Granville, Progress, Native) Merridur, Minerva, Juos, Indian Queen, Loo, arid Taickott. I Latest betting : 4 to 1 against Governor ; 5 to 1 Morven ; 7 to 1 Wym lot,: ; Sailor,1 and ; Forrestor ; 10 to 1 Denmark, Progress, and Leo. - ' 'Another good, start, and on nearing tho stand Native went to tho front followed by Forrester, Leo, Minerva, and with Morven last. Tlioy wont over the first; fonoo Native, Denmark, Loo, Wymlot, Forrester, in order, and tho posi tions wero maintained to the bridge, Morven still last. Denmark, Native, Lou, Wymlot, apd and Meander thph began to draw away, Moon light being absolutely last, but on approaohing the stnnd Leo had to give place to Wymlot, and Meander, Trioket, Forrestor and Sailor coming next. At the turn for the straight running Den-,, mark, Nativo, and Wymlot drew close together, and Minerva assumed fuurl h place. On passing the stand Moonlight, Moryen, and Forrester fell heavily nt the stone wall; and parsing the river Nativo ran up second to Denmark, who still maintained the lead. Meander fell at tlie bridge, and Leo foil at the next fence, those remaining coming Denmark, Wymlot, Governor, Minerva, Sailor,'; .and Progress. Minerva Progress and Governor fell in negotiating the two following fencos, nnd the race was left to Denmark, Sailor, and Wymlet. Sailor came, very fast, nnd led into the straight, had a hard Struggle ensued, Wymlet proving victorious by about 6 longths. Time, 7 nun. 191- see. Selling Hurdle Race. — Of 3 sovs. each with i 150 added." , .-Winner- to -be sold for L50. Ono mile and ta half. Mr Cox's Studont, lOst. Illb.".' ' 1 Mr Lauglilm's Flamborough, 10.it. 111b. ... 2 Mr Phillips' Doneastor, list. ... ... 3 Flat Race. — Of 5 sovs.' each with 150 added, j One mile. 'Mr Read's The Ghost 8st Gibs : ... /;. -1 Hon. Pearson's -Plausible 8st lOlbs - ... 2 ;Mr Jonos' Bohemian.7st 31bs- .-/. 3 i The following also started : — Irala, Anglesey, Fernlen, Ringmaster, Curcumatus, Sirocco, Gardinia, Favour, Sir Charles, Warfield, Vernet, |Agatha and Berk'elyqJteBt/bgtt'jpg : 4 to 1 against Gnrdinia ; 6 to .1 against Favor ; 8 .'to' 1 against lraln,' TlieUh'6sf, Anglesey aiid yerhot ; 10 to 1 Plausible, Bohemian, Agntha and Berkeley. Sir CbarleB cut. out the running .from the start, and- led to .the straight, ./followed closely by tWarfieldr/aiid. 'Ferulon'; j Plausible Ithen made an effort, wliilo'" Tiio Gliost "was seen -coming fast on tho outside. A good race home resulted inarwiii for The Ghost by, a longth and 'a half in luiin. 48faoca. i 