THE PLENARY SYNOD OF AUSTRALASIA. His. Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. P. Moran, Bishop of Dunedin, N.Z., publishes in his paper, the New Zealand Tablet, May 1, the full Latin text of the edict of convocation, issued by . the Archbishop of Sydney, with the following correct translation : — EDICT OF CONVOCATION O3? A PLENARY SYNOD OP AUSTRALASIA. Patrick Francis, by the Grace of God and the favour of the Holy See, Archbishop of Syd ney, Metropolitan, etc. To the Most Rev. and illustrous Archbishops and Bishops of tho Australasian churohes, and to all who by right ought to take part in a Plenary Synod, Health in the Lord. The Most Rev-, the Prelates of the Australasian churches, having signified to the Holy See their desire that a Plenary Synod of all Australasia should be held, and this design having been ap proved of by the Sacred Congregation for the Propagation of the Faith, our Holy Father, Leo XIII., the Supreme pastor of the Church on earth, by a brief dated 10th of June last year, and annexed to this Decree, has granted power to us to canonically convoke such a synod of the Austra lasian churches, and to preside at the same as Apostolic Delegate. Wherefore we, by virtue of the authority graciously granted to us, proclaim and summon a Plenary Synod of Australasia to be held in the cathedral church and adjoining buildings, of the city of Sydney, which place ap pears to 'be most convenient for all the prelates, this year on the 18th of the kalends of December, which will be the Saturday before the Feast of the patronage of the Blessed Virgin Mary, whose intercession for the success of our undertaking we earnestly invoke. As to the rest this Synod will enable the vener able prelates, whohave but one heart and one mind, an opportunity of enforcing the most wise decrees of the General Council of the Vatican, of correct ing abuses, if any, in ecclesiastical discipline, of maintaining and encouraging Catholic education, and of promoting the salvation of souls and the good of the Church. ?But that all this may be done in accordanee with the canons, we ask and require that the Most Rev, Prelates come to this Synod with their theologians chosen from the secular or regular clergy, and should they be lawfully hindered from being pre sent, that they would send procurators. We also request them to notify the convocation of this Synod to all their diocesans who, either by law or by custom, have a right to be present at a Plenary Synod. In fine, since they labour in vain to build the house, unless the Lord build it, we pray and exhort the most devoted prelates and the. entire clergy and people that by prayer they would assist us and all who shall take part in thisJSynod, assidu ously imploring the great and good God to send the Holy Ghost to illuminate our minds and strengthen our hearts, that all our acts and efforts being happily begun, may be brought to a happy termination, in the promotion of piety, improve ment of ecclesiastical discipline, increase of faith, multiplication of works of piety an d Mercy, so that those: who are without, seeing these things, may glorify Our Father who is in heaven, and be brought to the one fold of salvation* f Patrick F. Moran, Archbishop of Sydney. Given at Sydney, the 15th day of April, 1885. 