THE COUSINS; OB-, THE fax.se heart an is tub: tbub. CHAPTER XY.— Dreams and Struggles. Eunice Hnrd was almost invariably out of sorts -when ia lier normal condition. Tbe particular morning when we join ner again ehe was unusually crabbed, and disposed to be rather loud in her ill humor. No person in the whole honshold had changed bo much, after Mr. Lander's good or ill fortune, as Eunice Hurd. From a gaunt, hard-faced, rigid female of few -words and no pretension, ehe had gra duated suddenly into a fine lady of wonder ful experience and ridiculous proportions. A sudden outburst of prosperity had fallen on the woman whose patronage had hitherto kept her rather above thu level of other servants in the house, and Eunice had been among the first to profit by it. When Mrs. Lander went into the gloom and * Bolemn magnifience, of deep mourning, Eunice pounced upon her previous wardrobe like a kite upon its prey. A cheap dressmaker wbb called in. Velvets, moire antique, and silks of various shades and dimensions were let out, taken in, tucked, puffed, trimmed, and vulgarised generally into bo many grotesque forms that poor Mrs. Lander failed to recognise any of the elegant garments of which she had once been bo proud. Kor is this wonderful. Eunice was at least 4in taller than the widow, and her gaunt figure possessed no more proportions than a broomstick, whereas Mrs. Lander was symmetrical, rather plump, and walked with the dignity of a Juno, not withstanding her years. Beside all this, Eunice had no idea cf fit ness. To her a handsome dress was proner for all occasions. She rather affected an elaborate toilet early in the morning, and sometimes appeared with the breakfast in silks rustling like a forest wind. The morning after Mrs. Lander had been bo strangely disturbed, Eunice came rustling into her bedroom in a purple moire antique, short enough to reveal her ankles in front, and fluttering out in a train behind, ren dered sparse and scant by two missing breadths, which were that moment at the dyer's with various other strange abstrac tions of a like nature. A cap of rich but very dirty bloade fluttered on her head, and ihe deep ruffles of heavily embroidered tmder aleeveB fell over her bony, red hands, giving Coule effect to their coarseness. \ ' Goodness gracious, if you haven't got up -fnce ia yer life without calling !' she cried, bn finding Mrs. Lander seated in her easy chair, pale andrquiet, but with a strange look of unrest in her face. ' How long have you been up ? Gracious knows, this is & new streak. The window wideopen to, and the curtains streaming through.* ' Eunice, Eunice, did you hear anything in the night ?' ' Hear anything ! — sakes alive, no ; how should I! Nothing but the river, that's al'ays sounding like an etarnal troop of bosses that never will hold up, and the yell of a railroad whistle, which sometimes mates xne e'enmost think the judgment day has come on arth, when it wakes me up sudden out of sound sleep. Well ! what's the matter ? ' . 'Nothing — nothing at all, Eunice,' said the widow, rising and walking across the room. ' I know better. Don't try to cheat me ; I ain't a bird to be catched with chaff, nor a hoss that can be bridled with a halter nohow. Once agin, what's the matter ? ' 'Nothing, only I must have had a strange dream last night.' * Like enough, or you would't a been up |;his morning, sitting like a ghost in that blue chair, huddled up in your shawl. It's enough to giro you yer death of cod I tell ye!1 Mrs. Lander went to the window and looked out. A bright morning sun was slanting warmly across the turf, which looked fresh and crisp under its dew. The ladder lay half buried in the grass, .which had regained its elasticity and did not seem to have been moved for days. Mrs. Lander drew a deep breath, and turned toward Eunice with a doubtful relief. ' Did you ever have a dream that was absolutely like reality, Eunice ?' she said,. 'What, I ? Yes, I have, and sich dreams ! Once I was a married woman, and hated my husband like pison for whipping three tow headed young uns that was the torment of my life. That 'ere dream was enough of {matrimony for me for a hull lifetime. Beal ! X should think it was.' ' But did it §eem as if you touched the person — kiased him ?' * What, I ? Eliza Lander, I never kissed nothing whatsomever to the best of my knowledge and belief, tence I wag nuesing baby. It isn't in me,' * But did you converse ? Did the words teem clear and real after you awoke ?' 'I don't kind'er remember about the words, but the blows did, orfnl real. I must hare hammered away like ail possessed at the bed-post, for my knuckles were sore as if they'd just come out of a hard day's work en the washboard. As for the man — well, It's of no use talking— 'I've hated him like tuaubans aver siaoe. He's jest as real to me as you are, though I never saw him in my horn days.' 'Eunice/ said lire, Lander, impressively, * I had a sfcrang* dream last Bight'—* dream so like reality that even aow I believe la it ?'-almosfc' ?What was it all about? Now don't tell *ne that you're old fool enough to hare got ?a hosband into yoftr hftad. I wouldn't put up wi& ifc, asleep or not,* 'Wai than, whatsit? Vo speak ottfc ** riles w» to «?* ytftt standing there, shivflrliig *nd whfte, like a woman kneaded out of /Eunice. J saw, or ifcwigh* I :m», *qr Woke myself up scolding at John for not letting her in only yesterday morning. No thing in that.' * But I held her in my arms. She talked with me — reasoned with me — kissed me.' ' That is wonderful. Cora wasn't much given to making a fuss over you — no better proof of its being all a dream than that. She took after me a little in the way of grit.' _ _ ? ' Eunice, ehe did kiss me/ ' Don't tell me that, without she wanted something awful bad.' ' She did, Eunice.' 'What was it?' ' Nothing, nothing ; I talk such nonsense. What could the shadows that haunt our dreams ask?' 'Well,' said Ennice, maliciously, 'if any of 'em took to coming back, I shouldn't wonder if it was the eld man ; he might feel kind'er uneasy about that will.' ' But he made it ; he made it, Eunice.1 * I know that well enough. But he might take it into his head the thing wasn't signed according to order. Still he's never troubled me about it, and won't, I reckon, afore the day of judgment, when I mean to give him a piece oi my mind for not finishing up his work like a man afore he went to sea, I've no patience with him.' The shrill cry of a railroad whistle near the station stopped Eunice in her denuncia tions. Mrs. Lander started up with a half - terrified look, and went to the window in breathless haste. ' Who is it — who can it be ? This train does not usually 6top here,' she said. ' Has it stopped ?' Eunice came up, stood on tip-toe, and stretched her long neck over Mrs. Lander's shoulder. ' I don't see nobody coming tip from the station. But as true as J' live, there is our Josh a standing in the stable door. I sup pose he's swapped off the horses and come home to brag about it.' ' Only Joshua !' exclaimed Mrs. Lander, with a sigh of profound relief ' I'm glad he's come. ' I thought — I feared— — — 'What?' . ' Nothing — nothing, only that dream was so real — so very, very,' said the widow, draw ing a hand across her eyes. ' But Josh Hurd is a good deal more real, and here he comes, large as life and twice as nat'ral. Why, the feller is coming right up stairs-! What's got into him ?' The tramp of heavy feet made itself heard despite the thick carpet on the stairs, and directly a clumsy knock eounded from the door. * Come in V shrieked Ennice, in dire wrath. Josh opened the door and strode into the room with his cap on and both hands in his pockets. ' They've come, both, on 'em,' he said. ' I've seen 'em with my own eyes. -Got here too late to tell you last night, but it's so.' Mrs. Lander fell back into her chair, and gazed wildly on him, without ih.e power to speak, while Eunice drew close to her brother, flaming with indignation. ' Who's come, Josh Hard ? Who's come, I want to know ?' ' The two young gals, Cora Varginia Lander and Varginia Gora Lander. I've seen 'em, I tell yer, and talked with 'em both, face ter face, and they're proper purty, I can tell yer, both on. 'em.' ' Joshua Burs, what do yon mean ?' - Ennice seized her brother by both shoulders, and gave Mm a vicious shake as she shrieked this question in his ear. * I mean to say that both gals are alive and H ? . Well, I worih say that, because they are both on 'em so geuteeL Bat in about an hoar, when the nest train comes in you'll hear thunder, that's all !' Mrs. Lander had arisen and came close to Joshua. Her hand shook like a leaf as she laid it on his arm, and her white face was full of pitiful anxiety. ( Tell me,' she said, ' tell me all the truth P Is my daughter alive ?' : , Teg j and Mr. Lander's daughter too. They are both of 'em down in York.' ' How — how were thev saved ?' 'In a boat. .. It was another boat* .that sunk. They floated, and floated, till afibip picked 'em up. There is a good deal more to tell, bat that is the long and the short on't.' Eunice pushed Mrs. Lander away, and seized upon Joshua a seoondv time with two or three rough shakes. 'Josh Hnrd, you've been drinking. This is what they call delireous tremars. I knew you wasn't ter be trusted. I told her so. Joshua shook himself loose, growling like a Newfoundland' dog with a terrier at his throat. ' Hands off 1' hands off, I tell you ! or I'll pitch in, woman o? no woman, jest as eure asyouUvt.' 'Speak, then! spoak the truth, or I'll shake it *bt of you !' * 1 -have spoke the gospel truth. What more dp ywi want, Eunice t ' said Mr*. Lander, faintly. I felt it ? ' ?Yes, that ggwoxv sneered jBumoe. * 331iea- Lander, you are a bigger fool than I took you for J' £ Mrs. Landsr arose, patft as snow, bu| with ffirtlatioit &her; voice and aitv A gleam of wJM, ttnsaMsfied Joy bsgati \\#- deepen in h-r *gw- ?'? ? ?. ' . ;' ?.. .-.?'?.? ?'. /' .. ?.?'.:? *-3b down, Buniae, and preparo «v«y* thing, . :.^f^^i0iiK'M^fi^^f:1^^\M. commgiome to talw powwion heipe/ :??' ? ': . * Tak« jpdWMfllon !—gbi- ! I'd like to we downward. ' Our cake is all dough, sure enough. Why it'll be wuss than it was afore the old man died. 'Oh my, isn't this a blow right on the head.' ' You forgot that my child is alive,' said Mrs. Lander. ' That is a joy to compensate for all loss.' ' That's true ; but then I ain't her mother, and everything was going on so pleasantly. Now all is to be given up ! It's enough to grind one's soul out ! 1 shouldn't wonder if she begrudged me these clothes, and every thing I've got. I tell you, Eliza Lander, I'd show fight. She isn't your daughter.' ' She's a mighty purty gal now, I tell you, Joshua cut in ; ' and I'm glad she's got it. That tarnal will won't set heavy on my stomach any longer. When that harnsome critter comes into her own, I shall be an honest man again in spite of you, Eunice Hurd/ ' You never had sense enough to be any thing else !' eneered Eunice. ' Don't talk to me, I'm sick !' Mrs. Lander was walking up and down the room, wringing her hands and tearing them apart in great excitement. ' What shall I do ? What can I do ?' she cried, appealing wildly to Joshua, who sat upon one of the silken chairs, watching her with kindly interest in his rough face. * I don't know what you are thinking on, or what you could do if you wanted to,' he answered, honestly. 'But do just what's right ; that's my advice.' The man spoke clearly, earnestly, and with something impressive in his manner that arrested Mrs. Lander in her walk. She looked him steadily in the face a moment, drew a deep breath, and her eyes fell under his honest gaze. Slov/ly and steadily the woman paced up and down the room ; she had evidienly arrived at some resolve ; her sfcep fell firmly on the carpet ; her face settled into hard composure. Her bosom no longer heaved with sighs or struggled with irresolution. She was mis tress of the occasion, and for good or evil had made up her mind. Eunice watched her with sharp, searching glances. What was the secret of her emo tion ? This was not the joy of a mother who first hears that her child is safe, nor was it altogether distress. Some struggle was going on which racked the woman's whole being. What could it be ? Eunice was herself greatly disturbed; if Mrs. Lander had reigned in the hall, Eunice had been even more powerful in the basement. How would this change affect her. Would the second- class sceptre be wrested from her hand by this young girl ? Not without a fight for it. Eunice was decided on that. As she came to this conclusion, a railroad whistle cut to her ear. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 