General News. The Jewish New Year (5646) commences on Thursday next, September 10. We have been requested to state that the Bishop's Girls* College win open for the September tram on the 21st instant. We regret to learn that Mir. Donald Hac pherson, of Glentromie, is severely 31 from tine effects of an attack of paralysis. Yesterday (Tuesday, Sept. 8) was an important day of devotion in the Roman Catholic' Church — that day being the anniversary of the Nativity of the Virgin Mar}. A BiD. to _ legalise the construction of bam ways' trithin the boundaries of any mmrisqnlfty in the Colony . was intro duced into the Legislative Council on Monday. The inmgwing want for further Hotel accommodation in the City has been for some 'time 'manifest and has led to the formation of a joint Stock Company for the purpose. o£ supplying the -want. The Southern Districts' mail coach left tie General Post Office on Monday with a large number of passengers, the box seat even being occupied by passengers— most ofjWhom were of the fair sex. The Government have, on tie usual re commendation, reserved a block of land 640\. acres in extent, near Muir's Bridge, on the Frankland Elver, for water and as a stopping place. We hear that Mr. E. Keane, together with Mrs. Keane and family, purpose pay ing a visit to the neighbouring colonies by the s.s. Franklin, which leaves in a few days. We learn that a number of gentlemen in the City contemplate forming a West Aus tralian Rifle Association, upon the some lines as similar institutions have been formed ia the neighbouring1 colonies. At the Telegraph Office this morning a notice was posted to the effect that a par tial interruption had taken place on tie Albany telegraph line. Also, that the break in the Northern telepraph line had been restored. The foundation stone of the Fremanfcle Town Hall will be laid by His Excellency the Governor at four o'clock to-morrow afternoon. A dinner, in honour of the event, vill be held the same evening in the Oddfellows' Hall. The R.M.S. Peshawar, with European Mails — London dates up to July 30 — arrived at Albany at about 2-30 p,m. on Monday. The Peshawor's passen gers are Sir. Heaxman, and Mr., Mrs. and Misses Potts. There will be a total eclipse of the sun to - day. The phenonmenon will be visible at Melbourne, Hobart, Sydney, and Brisbane; but not at Perth or at Adelaide, nor indeed from any part of South Australia or Western Australia. We have received from the Government Statist of Victoria a copy -of part HE of the Statistical Register of that Colony, Aenlmcr with tie subject of Finance, &c; We shall avail ourselves of tie earliest available op portunity of reviewing the interesting docu ment .allnded to. [We notice that a naw tailor, Mr. A. Freeeorn, from London, has started in -bdsiness in Barrack-etrert. Judging from the very favourable recommendations he brings with him, it is certain that he oc cupies a premier position in his line of busi ness. With their unrivalled comforts and luxury and moderate fazes, there is no doubt that in all points except speed the Russian railways are models to be copied by all other countries in tie world. Will the Hon. the Engineer-in-Chief please take ndteP ^^ At the drawing for Dr. Scott's horses, held at the Criterion Hotel on Wednesday night, Hero was won by Messrs. J. H. Smith, J. C. Foster, andH. Stirling ; Young Bank er fell to Mr. Symmonds, of Chidlow's Well; and Squatter to Mr. Taylor, the well-fenown barber in Hay Street A party of men are now engaged in lay ing the gas Twn-ins from the Freemasons9 Hotel corner to connect with, what had been, previously laid to opposite Messrs. Padbory, Loton & Co.'s premises. When this is completed tie principal business places in the City will be enabled to utilise the gas. The United States has 17,000 dentists, who use a. ton of gold and five tons of other metals, and make 4,000,000 artafical teeth annually. Only one American in eighty is found to have perfect teeth, and one-third of the population make more or less -use of the artafical product. The anniversary meeting of this Colony's Auxiliary of tie British and Foreign Bible Society took place in tie Town Hall last evening. The m eetang, which was presid ed over by H. E. the Governor, was attend ed by only about fifty persons. The pro ceedings terminated shortly before ten o'clock. Sales of Crown land will be held at Roe bonrne and at Perth October 7. At Koe bonrne two suburban lots (4 and 5, each three acres) will be submitted, at tie upset price of £5. At Perth, Derby town lot No. 63, of two roods, will be put up, at the up set price of £20. We learn from our intercolonial exchan ges that Lord Carington, the new Gover nor of New South Wales, embarks at Lon don on October 22. The Prince of Wales has given him a promise that he will, if possible, pay a visit to Sydney, but he ob jects to putting tie Colonies to tie expense of his visit. On Sunday afternoon Lady Broome had all the children of the Perth Protestant Orphanage marched down to tie Govern ment Domain after the afternoon Sunday School, in order that they might enjoy the opportunity of enjoying- a slight change of both scene and air. Her ladyship spent over an hour in kindly converse with the poor orphans. The Indian Medical Gazette records the deaths of seven shepherds in the Bel gium district from being struck by hail stones of the size of cocoanuts. A large number of animals were killed by the storm, which, from the accounts, produced mis siles quite as dangerous as Russian cannon balls ! The experiments made with the new five barrel Nordenfeldt mitrailleuse have given the following results: — At 1,000 yards range 26 per cent, of the shots took effect on a target two meters high. At 600 yards 70 per cent, of tie shots struck. In the time firing, 100 shots in 10 sec., and 480 in 1 min. were registered. For the use of the Permanent, Militia, and Volunteer Forces in Victoria, the Govern ment possess 9700 Martini-Henry Rifles. This number is to be added to during' the present year, a further supply of 5000 Martini-Henrys being shortly expected to enable tie large number of Rifle Clubs that have been formed in tie various townships to be armed. A limited liability Company, with a capi tal of £2,000, with power to increase, is now being promoted in Perth, under tie style of ' The Swan River Steam Ferry and Jetty Company,' tie purpose of which is to run passenger steam launches at various times of tie day to and from the many picturesque landings alone: tie banks of the Swan. We have been requested to draw tie at tention of the members to the fact that this (Wednesday) {evening a meeting of the West Australian Athletic Club will take place at the United Service HoteL A full attendance of members is requested and the meeting will open at 8 o'clock sharp. The revised version of the Bible was originally arranged for by tie two Univer sities of Oxford and Cambridge, who sub scribed a sum of £20,000 to cover the expenses of the undertaking. The work is their exclusive property, and all profits arising out of the book are to be equally divided. It will be satisfactory to those who wit nessed tie amateur performance at St. George's HaH, on the 27th ulto., that fie funds of the Dorcas Society were benefited by the money taken for seats to the extent of .£53 17s., that amount having been hand ed over to the Lady Treasurer of that valu able institution as the net proceeds of the entertainment. We have been desired by Messrs. Wal deck. Smith & Co. to state that, in conse quence of the ceremony of laying tie foun dation stone of the Fretuantie Town Hall having been fixed for to-morrow, the sale of a 'storekeeper's etock-in- trade,' advertised to be sold byiauction on that day, wfll fee postponed to Friday next-, the 11th inpfrant, at IX a.m., on their premises ia High-street, Fremantie. Yesterday a new ^' town-crier' made his appearance in tie City thoroughfares, and in stentorian tones announced the sale of some laad. In voice and gesture the new crier savors somewhat of tie ' Tommy Hopkins' school, but his enunci ation— probably through a defective dental formation— is certainly not so perfect.. The new crier cried to the effect that this par ticular 'land wnnM ho cmM *»? Hu- k.j » The survey of tie Beverley-AIbany Rail way is progressing at a very rapid rate. Up to the present time 140 miles of the route have been pegged out, and the line offers very little engineering difficulties It is anticipated that the completion of the survey to Beverley wfll be completed by tie end of the present year. We learn that the survey of tie proposed line of railway, loading from tie Eastern Railway to tie Perth Race Course, was en trusted by the Commissioner of Railways to Messrs. Forrest and Angove, who have succeeded in finding a tolerably level line, tie deepest cutting required being one of only eleven feet. This branch line will be sixty-eight chains in length. At St. Owen, in the outskirts of Paris, the extraordinary spectacle has been recent ly witnessed of a cemetery on fire. Tile conflagration broke ont in a piano manu factory, and tie wind carried tie flames to the^icemetsry. The firs and cypresses burnt like torches, and the flames soon de cended to the tombs, where they consumed lie wooden crosses of tie poor and the funeral wreaths of the rich.' A letter has been forwarded to tie Mayor by the Hon. Secretary of the Jubilee Com mittee of tie Independent Order of Recha bites, requesting His Worship te thank the City Supervisor (Mr. T. HaDiday), upon behalf of the Committee, for the trouble he book to make tie late anniversary Concert the success it proved to be, owing in great part to the excellent arrangements that civic officer had made in the Town Hall for the occasion. Ladips who wear dress improvers should be careful how theyptand with their backs to die fire. A poor girl was recently, burnt to death in London through her dress catching fire in consequence -of tie projec tion of the ' improver.' If Fashion must by and improve upon Nature, let her bean tafy and not contort the female form; bat when, in her straining' after effect, it only makes her look like a camel, and often en dangers her life, it is surely time some pro test was made. The operations of the South British In surance Company of New Zealand have as sumed such «iim«»ngi»-tiq jq Western Aus tralia that the Directors have resolved to establish a branch in Perth, and Mr. L. M. ailiver, who has been appointed its Manager,' is now on the spot arranging preliminaries. The office of Local Trustee has been'conferred on Mr. E. K. Courtiope, who has for many years successfully con iucted tie corporation's business in W.A. We have to acknowledge the receipt of Messrs. Sands & MacDougaU's (formerly Macdongall & Kirk) Monthly Diary for September. In addition to the pages which its name implies, it contains all tie mail information for tie month current, tie Eastern Railway tame table, and much sther useful mpmnrainia.. and tie exceed ingly modest price of tie little book — only s. penny — should bring it a very extensive circulation. We regret to hear of the death of another imported stallion. The animal in question, 'Young Superior,' belongs to Mr. W. E. Wass, of Dongarra, who gave £132 for him at a sale in Perth about twelve months ago, shortly after being landed from Melbourne, ind he was a very promising miimi»¥. What makes Mr. Wage's loss greater is that he oas not secured any of the horse's progeny. * Young Superior ' died of some affection if the bowels. Yesterday's Government Gazette contains i. list of articles, required for tie use of tie police, for which tenders are invited, among tie miscellaneous assortment are [Truncheons/' These sometimes useful itHe weapons of defence, with which the jolice are armed when on beat, are careful y hidden from view, but should occasion require are quickly flourished. A number -f these articles were lately supplied to the jolice, being made of 'raspberry jam rood.' On Monday the Police Magistrate com menced tie business of the Police Court at ;he unusual hour of nine o'clock. It is juite too bad that Mr. Leake should oc casionally act in this way, without sending loticeof his intention to fie local press. Che result was that not a single represen tative of the Press was present this morn ng during the conduct of the Police Court rawness. We hope His Worship will be i little more considerate for the future in shis respect. We hear that Mr. Bogezs (Fienberg & Rogers) proposes to give a valuable trophy 'or an athletic contest between a combined ieain of Perth footballers and a combined fremantie team, tie match to take place it an early date. This promotion of a iriendly spirit of emulation between City md Port representative teams cannot be no highly commended, and it is to be loped that in tie interest of A-3ilpftif. Sports generally many other sporting en ihnnasts will be found to follow Mr. Rogers' good example. Mr. Alexander Forrest is now floating a company with a capital of .£20,000 to erect i grand Hotel of 4 stories in heighth at tie corner of Howick and Pier Streets mown as Bridge's Corner. This property ie lately purchaesd for .£2100, and many of -ur leading' commercial men have joined n tie venture. We understand that tie plans are now being prepared and tenders jvill be called at an early date. It is in tended to expend JB8000 on lie building done. This speaks volumes for the pro gress of the Colony. It has leaked out thatM. Jules Ferry's ignominious expulsion from office was rich ly deserved, as he was guilty, it is said, of 'converting public trusts to private uses,' much as tie De Morney clique did in tie lays of the Third Empire. The news of tie peace with China was in tie frnji^q of tie editor of the Paris, which is the per sonal organ of M. Ferry, thirty hours be fore it was made public ; and large sums trere made on tie Bourse by all who were in the secret. Monsieur le redacteur, it is confidentally asserted, cleared no less than £40,000 as his share of the operations. The rainfall registered at the following stations for the week ending August 21 was as follows: — Carnarvon, 033 ; Gerald ton, 1-01; York, 3-20; Perth, 2-18; Rott oest, 1-50; Fremantie, 1*77; Bunbury, 2-33; Albany, 1-53. We believe tiis to be a very fair average, at any rate such a fine downpour could not have come at a more opportune time for tie crops. The heaviest fall was, it will be noticed, recorded at York. The 3 and one fifth inches would give about 350 tons to tie acre; so that fie corn in tie Avon Valley should now be looking pretty well at its best. In tie twgli«Mi Cathedral enclosure is now to be seen the ' corner stone ' which is intended for tie ceremonies in connec tion with tie Fremantie Town HalL on Thursday afternoon next. The stone has been worked up from a splendid piece of Mr. Eeane's Green Mount quarry granite, and is about three feet by two feet eight een iwrihpg in thickness. The face of tie stone has been sunk in to permit of a plate bearing an inscription being let into it. Some idea of the hardness of tiis granite may be imagined when it is stated that the corner-stone in question took over a week to be worked up. A new swindling dodge has just come to light in London. A solid looking man rented a handsome place in a fashionable neighbourhood. Then he called on the vicar of the parish, All Saints, Notting Hill, and offered to place a costly stained glass window in the church. His offer was greatfully accepted, and the rector intro duced him to ?Hie best people. This made it easy for him to run up heavy bills with, every tradesman in the parish. Finally he disappeared, leaving bis unpaid bills be hind him. The firm to whom he gave the order for tie window generously presented it to tie church. On Wednesday aa unfortunate accident occurred at tie Town Hall to Mr. John Lewis, the caretaker. It appears he was engaged in some work at Hie 'dark arches,' near the fire-engine, when a ladder fell upon him striking him on the l«wifl and stunning him. Medical aid was sought, when it was foind that Mr. Lewis's injuries were of a very severe nature, and such as to incapa citate him for some time to come. Much regret is felt for tiis untoward event, as Mr. Lewis is well into years. He is an old citzeu, and has been in tie employ of the City Council for many years part. Loud are the complaints of master build ers at the continued scarcity of bricks. Despite two manufactories being busily at work at Guildford, and one at fie Peninsula, in adlition to the old established brickyards in Perth, the supply continues to fall far short of tie demand. From this it would seem fiat building must be going on very rapidly in tie City and its suburbs, and yet the great com plaint is fie difficulty of obtaining houses to live in. Truly, indeed, these must be golden days for briefcmakers, builders, and honse proprietors. The contribution of £15,000 per annum to be paid conjointly by the Colonies towards tbe Government of New Guinea, for the year ending 1st June, 1885, is made up asjfollowB, the population of each Colony at the date of the last general census, viz.. April 3. 1881, being made tbe basis of cal culation (peace andshUlingsomitted): Vic toria, population 861,566, £4,693 ; New South Wales, 743,825, .S4.0S4; New Zea land, 439,933, £2,668; South Australia, 253,865, .£1,524 ; Queensland, 213,525, ?£1,163 ; Tasmania, 115,735, £630 ; West ern Australia, 29,708, JUSl ; Fiji (reckoned upon proportionate revenue), £73. The following is tie list of cases set dowa for trial at the present Civil Session of the Supreme Court, which began yesterday morning: — N. W. Cooke v. J. H. Monger; £3,000, for negligence and wrongful conver sion, and. for money had and received 'by thfe defendant on behalf of tie plaintiffs usfe, and for exchange, commission account ana interest G. Glyde, W. H. D. Glyde and F. W. Glyde v. James Mark well; motion for judgment. J. H. Monger v. E. Cahill and J. CahOl ; £96 3s. Id., for goods sold, money paid and money lent, with in terest thereon. A. Dean et uxor v. Eliza beth Hewlett ; £166 4s., for money paid for defendant's maintenance and keep. On Saturday evening last, as might have been noticed, tie gas in use in the City gajye but a very inferior light. Many of thje stores had to light up with kerosene or candles, while at St. George's HalL which ?wis filled with a large and fashionable audience to witness tie perfomance of 'Our Boys,' it really appeared as though the gas was turned offforanotherproduction of!' Pepper's Ghost,** or tie ghost scene in tie ' Corscian Brothers.' Upon making enquiries as to the mishap, we have been informed that a most reprehensible and dastardly act had been perpetrated at tie gas-works, some miscreant having got at the main and turned off to waste a large quantity of gas. It is to be hoped the scpundrel will be discovered and will meet with bis deserts. Thusday evening His Honor tie Speaker of -thje Legislative Council gave his usual Par liamentary Dinner at tie Criterion HoteL Thirty-foar guests were invited, all of whom attended tie sumptuous repast pro vided by Host Chipper in his usual inimit able style. The dining- room was most handsomely decorated for the occasion with flags of rainbow hues, and a really beauti tm display of flowers added to the attrac tive appearance of tie banquet chamber. Among those present were His Excellency the Governoraud his Private Secretary, tie fadn. TnpmbftrB of tie Legislative Council* the Colonial Surgeon (Dr. Wayien), tie Superintendent of Police (Capt. Smith), and lUTgggfc Eobt Sholl and the Manager of tie Bank oE New South Wales (Mr. Wilkinson). The party broke up shortly after nudnigfat^ after having spent a most enjoyable evening. The American Copyright League has collected some stxiking extracts from well known writers. Few are better than tie following, by Tom Hood, who headed it 'Copyright and Copywrong':— 'It has been urged fiat an extended copyright would damage tie public interest — that it would enhance tie price of books. Accord ingly X wrote to my bnteher, baker, and other tradesmen, informing them that it was necessary for the sale of cheap litera ture and tie interest of fie public fiat they should furnish me with their com modities at a- very trifling percentage above cost price. It wfll be sufficient to quote the answer of tie butcher : — ' Sir, respectin' your note. Cheap iiterater be bio wed! Butchers must live as well as other pepel — and, if so be you or fie read in' public wants to have meat at prime cost, you mnst buy your own beastesses, and kill yourselves.' The annual .shot and shell practice of Capt. Haynes' battery of Artillery took place on Saturday last. There was a very good attendance of members, who proceed ed from tite Azsenal to near the Invalid Depot. The firing took place across the Melville Water, in which tic targets were moored. Each gunner sighted tie Arm strong guns for one shot, but in many in stances tie fii*iTigr was very wide of i$nf- mark. This is hardly to be wondered at, as tie firing of 'one round a year' is likely to jdsJsb only tolerably fair m«.rirR men of them when tie gunners arrive at about tie age of Methusaleh! However, three times the targets were signalled as being hit, the best shot being from tie gjgftfingr of tie gun by Qr.-M--Sergt. W. Love. Wig Excellency fie Governor, Lady Broome, and Capt. Alison, A.D.C., were on tie ground during a portion of tie fir ing. A Roman Catholic clergyman in Cork has received from an Irish nobleman the copy of a letter which, it is stated, was re ceived by tie Queen from tie Archbishop of Chambery during her stay at Aixles Baines. The Archbishop wrote to her Majesty, expressing his desire to pay bis respects and homage before proceeding on his visitation. In tie letter he referred *to tie protection afforded to fie Catholic missions ia tie different colonies under tie British ^flmiffiftn In these missions were a number of priests from tie archdiocese of Chambery, who received perfect freedom and equality under fie British flag. Her Majesty deserved tie homage of all Catho lics for fie equal laws administered to all her subjects. That Bhe had had the obed ience, fie lave, and tie loyalty of her sub jects tie writer had an opportunity of udging during a number of years he spent in a certain town in France which was much frequented by English Catholics. The Queen, it.is stated, was much pleased with the communication, and placed it in the hands of an Irish Catholic nobleman, with tie view possibly of bringing it under the notice of tie clergy. A correspondent at Flinder's Bay, Port Augusta, under date August 30, writes:— The timber trade here just now is being pushed ahead vigorously, and three vessels are now in port loading, viz., the Florence Treat, with jetty piles for Port Darwin ; the Eliza Booth, a German barque, loading with timber for South Australia ; and the barque Ribston, loading sleepers for Bombay. The two former vessels will sail in a day or two. Much progress is being shown in the construction of the jetty which, when completed, will allow the largest vessels to lie alongside to load. The tramway from the Port to Mr. M. C Davies' timber station is rapidly being laid with steel rails, and, when completed, will greatly facilitate the working of the timber trade. All seems to be bustle and excite ment here, and fie supply of timber ap pears to be practically inexhaustible. Should tie directors of the Suez Canal de termine upon sheet-piling their great high way, as tie matter has often been spoken of, here is their opportunity — piles are now lying on tie beach here ready for shipment, from 70 to 90 feet in length and as straight as aa arrow — and even this length could be exceeded were longer ones required. The Amateur ladies' and gentlemen who so kindly gave their services for the benefit of the Dorcas Society came forward again on Saturday night aad repeated tie excell ent rendering of Byron'6 ever popular comedy 'Our Boys'. On tbe whole tie performance was not so good as on tie nrevious occasion. How«ver. we must ex cept the charming play of Miss Lefroy as Violet Melros.\ who made much of the somewhat insipid part Ehebadtoeustain, and in contour and pose she was extremely grace ful. Miss Hamersley as Belinda was again a favourite, and brought down the house with her 'hniter strangers.' We mnst candidly confess the gentlemen were not so successful 'as on the previous occasion. This maybe attributed to fie anxiety of mind caused by the unfortunate state of fie ligliHTig on fie part of tie Gas Com pany. At the very last moment all the gentlemen bad to put their shoulder to the wheel to obtain temporary lights, a chan delier having to be fixed orer the stage. This somewhat delayed the performance, and most naturally disconcerted those who had a part to take. However they all worked bravely, and deserved all fie praise we can give them. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Broome were again present, but-the attendance was not so large as we should have desired for so ex cellent a purpose as a benefit to the W. A. Boating Club, which interests and gives pleasure feo all classes. A despatch, says tie Melbourne Argus, has been lately received by fie Governor of Victoria from fie Secretary of State for fie Colonies in reference to fie defence of King George's Sound, which was recently brought under fie notice of the Imperial authorities by fie Western Australian Go vernment. In the opinion of tie Irapn-lfJ authorities, tie Australian colonies may well consider tie expediency of defending King George's Sound in common, as it is hardly fair to expect Western Australia to baar the cost single-handed. MajorGener al Scratchley recommended that the har bour should be defended by a fort mount ing seven guns a gunboat and torpedoes, the whole cost of the scheme being estima ted at £70,000. It is thought a more modest plan of defence will meet the re quirements of the present moment, and a scheme is suggested which contemplates the employment of submarine mines for the defence of the entrance to the harbour, and guns placed in temporary forts for the pur pose of defending the mine-field, the en trance, and portions of the harbour. The men required under tits proposal will be 50 garrison artillery, 150 infantry, and 15 engineers. The Imperial Government will assist in carrying out this scheme, by at once sending out fie armament and mines required, free of cost, if the colonies engage bo defray all other expenses, roughly estim ated at £6,000, exclusive of barracks. The rictorian Government is invited to con sider, together witi fie Governments of lie other colonies, the necessity of at once mafcing provision for the defence of tie port. In reply to a letter on the same 6ub ect received by tie Government from Western Australia, Mr. Service recently expressed tie willingness of Victoria to EaVourably consider any reasonable pro posal for the defence of King George's Sound at the expense of tie whole of the jo.onias Within the past fortnight the prelimi naries connected with the new ocean mail service between England and Australia bare advanced another stage. Mr.- Service has invited Tasmania to join with Victoria and tie other Colonies in the proposed service, and Mr. Baker, of South Australia, is now on his way to England to represent the views of Victoria, ISew South Wales, and South Australia regarding tie sug gestion. The idea is to allow the Imperial Government to call tor alternative tenders Eor a twenty-nine, thirty-one, and thirty three days' service from London to tie Semaphore, Adelaide, and vice versa, an intercolonial service to carry tie mails to lie other Colonies. Instead of a fixed eub Bidy, each of tie contracting steamship companies would be paid so much per pound of letters. At present Victoria pays £85,000 a. year to the P. & O. Company, and receives from tie other Colonies pay ments in accordance witi the weight of letters forwarded. The loss to Victoria, awing to this arrangement, amounted t-- over £30,000 last year. Victoria, New South Wales, and South Australia would be fie principal parties to tie proposed Boctcact if, as seems likely, it is entered into; and by arrangement between these three Colonies, Victoria has asked Tasma nia to join, New South Wales has requested Queensland to become a party to tibe agreement, and Sooth Australia has asked Western Australia. Hence, all doabts as bo the inclusion of this Colony in tie nev service, bo prematurely tallnded to by our Bity contemporary before tie proposals had assumed any definite shape, are, therefore, oompletely dispelled. In its issue of Saturday evening (says 1 Victorian contemporary) the Melbourne World proprietors announce with regret their determination to discontinue tie pub lication of the paper. The cause of tiis step, which we have no doubt wul be re setted by many, is stated to be — 'tie meagre and half hearted import fiat fie World has always received dnring fie ;hree and a half years of its existence ander its present management.' Alluding bo the efforts and tie enterprise put forth in order to merit and ensure success they state ' fiat no expense bad been spared to secure either foreign, intercolonial or 3ouutry news.' In addition to this they idd that they from the first sought to maintain a high literary and moral stan Ired in fie columns of tibe World, and 'steadfastly set their faces against manu Ranfawriiig jl Tffwf Anf: Ai &fr; — whicuBeedisBoac- aeptableto a large portion of tibe Melbourne imx^fnfT public— —by persistently suppressing all matters which was of an immoral Character. And tibe reward meted ont for thie conduct has been one of uniform neglect and discouragement.' This result, it is declared, will be a lasting disgrace to a- highly cultivated commuity like Mel bourne — 'A journal fiat essayed to con duct its business on moral lines was obliged bo close its doors because immoral literature was preferred by tie bulk of readers.' The proprietors farther in their valedic tory, console themselves with the reflection that 'There is something in life worth living for besides fie filthy lucre which the nightmen of literature are glad to rake into their mwfleaji coffers — ana that ib a dean name. ... In this spirit the proprietors of tie World have elected to discontinue the publication of their paper rather than fall so low in their own estima tion as to adopt such tactics.' We will merely say that we have read with regret jie farewell of our late contemporary, and in tie main readily endorse fie idea, which is after- all tie very substance of its parting address and severe criticism on the popular taste— namely fiat fie World justly merited a greater and more liberal support than it seems to have received fron fie public. The usual monthly meeting of fie City Council was held Friday evening, at which there were present tie Mayor, and Crs. Christie, Crowder, Elsegood, Gfugeri, Hy mns, Molloy, B. Smith, Stone, and Wil liams. The minutes of previous meetings were read [and confirmed. Accounts were passed for payment to fie pranimt. of £141 0s. lid. Upon an examination being made of the Bank aocount,jit was found fiat there was a debit balance of £557 6s. Sd. It was then suggested that fie time bad arrived to proceed to float the new loan; but, after some discussion, it was decided to let fie matter stand over, pend ing the result «f fie action tie Legisla ture might take witi regard to tie {pro posed Municipalities Ai& Amendment Bill. Two letters were received from tie Colo nial Secretary — tie first being to tie effect that it would be dangerous to public safety to remove fie gates at tie street railway crossings, substituting cattle guards in their places; and, secondly, stating that fie Government had no available funds to devote to tie reconstruction of tie bridge over the railway in Stirling Street. Two applications for fie use of tie Town Hall upon different dates were granted. The Clerk was instructed to inform Mr. T. Burges fiat if he continued to refuse to carry out the agreement arrived at between tie Council and his late father, with refer ence to the removal of a sand-drift, that the Council would take steps to compel bim to do so. The question of re-roofing the Pavilion was discussed, but no conclusion was arrived at. It was decided fiat a road lying between Mounts Bay Road and ibnnKatraot nhnnM tu- rawmed no without lelay, and that all obstructions thereon should be removed at once. A letter was received from the Manager of tbe Perth Gas Company, promising to repair tie streets his men had broken up, as soon as tie mains had been laid. Petitions were received from the residents in John-street and Duke-street, praying tiat the wants of tieir particular streets might not be over looked when the new loan was apportioned. The former petition was simply received, but it was decided that the wants of the Duke-street residents should be kept in mind. 