GREAT BRITAIN. THE RESPONSIBILITIES OF MOTHERS. HE DANGERS 'WHICH BESET CHILDREN. A WARNING AGAINST THEATRES AND PLAYHOUSES. ERMON BY THE CARDINAL ARCHBISHOP. The patronal feast of the Church of St. Anne, Spicer-street, was observed on Sunday with befitting devotion and solemnity. The High Mass, at whioh a large congregation was present, wa8 sung by the Rev. Fr. MacCamphill, the Deacon being the Rev. Fr. Hills, and tbe Deacon the Rev. Fr. Buokley. The sermon was preached by the Bishop of Buuuaus. The church was orowded to overflowing at the evening service, when the sermon was preached by his Eminence the Cardinal-Archbishop of Westminster, from the words, VA graoious woman shall find glory." Having made a touching reference to the first night he visited St. Anne's Church, and expressed the satisfaction and joy he felt at knowing that the spirit of 8t. Anne was upon them, both pastors and pedple, a fact which was proved by the care taken of their little ones, his Eminence pointed out that in the life of St. Anne they had brought before them the duty of a mother, and what a mother ought to be. God has so ordained, said bis Eminence, that the mother has the chief and the first part in forming, shaping, and fashioning the soul of the child. The father has little to do until the child grows to a certain age, but for all the firBt years of the life of a boy or a girl, it is the mother who has to bring up the child. The potter with the clay in his hand can form and shape it as he •wills. The mother has power over the mind, the heart, the conscience, and the will of the child. The mother exercises her power, first of all by the right of love. Just as you put iron into the fire if you wish to soften it and to beat it into any shape, so the loveof the mother softens the heart of the child, and the mother can do what no father can do. The child often will shrink from tbe father with a kind of fear, but will run to the mother because it trusts in her love. Therefore, the bringing up, rearing, and training of a child belongs to the mother. Howgreat then is the responsibility which reBts upou you, mothers ! If you are holy, humble, faithful, and pious, if you practise your reiigion, if you lead a good and holy life, if you allow the brightness of your holy Faith to be seen in your life, how much you may do in forming and training your children, bringing up your boys after the example of Our Lord Jesus Christ, and your girls after the example of Our Immaculate Mother. What I wish to bring before you to-night is your responsibility with regard to your little ones, and I do not know that 1 can do this better than by showing you how God loves every little child. And if the love of God for a little child be so great, how can you, without being guilty of sin before Him, have hearts without love, or be careless in that which He, with all the love of His eternal Charity, and the watchfulness and the providence of His care, is continually striviug to do for your little ones? The love of God is your example, and as God loves these children, you are bound to love them according to the full measure of the love of your hearts, and to do for them all that lies in your power. " Suffer little children to come unto Me," said Our Lord, "for of such is the Kingdom of Heaven." Our Lord took the little children in His arms, and laid His hands upon them and blessed them. Again, He said to His Apostles, " Unless you become as little ohildren, you shall in no 'wise enter into the Kingdom of Heaven.'' Once more, He said, " Take heed how you scandalise one of these little ones,, for I say to you that their angels do always behold the face of My Father, who is in Heaven." Once more, He said, " If any man scandalise one of these little ones who trust in Me, it were better for that man that a millstone were tied round his neck and that he was cast into the depths of tbe sea." If, then, God set such a price upon the soul of a little obild, what is the price at whioh we should value it? Why, his Eminence asked, was it that God loved children so much ?—and proceeding to enumerate the reasons, pointed out that amongst others one was because His own image was reflected in the soul of a little child. In grown-up people that reflection was often blurred, but in the soul of a little child the image of God waB brightly reflected. Another was because they were beira to the Kingdom of Heaven. They bad all been made heirs to the Kingdom of Heaven, but every man that committed a mortal ein forfeited his right to that inheritance. This was not the case with a little child. For this reason we should love little children. There is another reason, said his Eminence, why they should be the special objects or our solicitude and care, and that is because they are in such danger. First of all, as they grow up, all the sin that is in us—the sinful thoughts, the sinful imaginations, the sinful inclinations—they are all like sefds in the mind an9 in the soul of a little child, and as that child grow* up, the seeds will grow up too, and become a source of danger, temptation, anil peril. There is another great danger. We have not only to fight against the sin that is in us, but the sin that is round about us. The world is on every side of our little ones. The world is like the air we breathe, and the air we breathe is often tainted. And we sometimes drink in fever and all manner of sickness when we are in a sickly atmosphere.' And so the world is tainted, and little ohildren, growing up in that atmosphere,' arelflrinjring in itie iever and temptations of the world. Go through the streets of this great city, and you will understand my meaning. Every little child that goes over the threshold of your homes goes out into the streets, where, as I have said, the air is tainted, where everything that strikes the eye and the ear is charged with evil. And nobody knows how soon these little children may begin to learn and to know what they see and bear, and BO be tainted, stained, and poisoned. There is another danger — bad companionship. God only knows how great that danger is. Again, sometimes that which should be the greatest shelter and safety to the little child is the greatest danger and the cause of all ruin. A holy home is the best fchool for a little child to grow up and learn in. The home of Anne, tbe mother of Mary, was a holy home. If your homes were like that holy home, then your daughters would grow up in the likeness of our Blessed Mother, and your sons after the example of our Divine Saviour, I trust that you have all homes of that kind, I know you know as well as I that there are homes in this great city anything but what I have been describing. What is the condition of the home of the drunkard ? Miserable and unhappy. I know the condition of the drunkard's home, because the poor little ones of the drunken father and mother are to be found in the Protestant, schools of the Poor-Law, where they are brought up without the knowledge of their Faith. The last reason I will give i's ^this— the offspring of all the lower animals as soon as they come into the world can take care of thetuseves. The offspring of man, man made to the image and likeness of God, the highest and noblest of all God's creatures, comes into the world so helpless, so weak, BO ignorant, so unable to take care of itself that unless you, fathers and mothers, take care of your offspring they must inevitably perish. From the beginning you have to watch over them, to teach them to walk, to teach them to speak, to teach them to know and tell what is true, to instruct them in what is right and wrong. Think then of the responsibility you have with regard to your little children, remembering that you will have to give an account of every one of them at the last day. There are a few counsels I wish to give you. The first is this—take care to make your home what I was just now describing—the shelter and the safety of your children. Let uo evil come over your threshold. Lead lives like good Christians and Catholics, BO that your little ones may learn of you all the day long. Never let ?.n angry or unholy word be heard under your roof. Let your home be tbe best school in which your children can learn, and take care whom you admit into your home. I have had reason to know within the laBt year what miserable homes there are in this great city. I know that there are dwelling places that are not worthy of the name of homes—hovels that are not fit for man to dwell in. I am aware of the existence of these things, but I want you to remember this—that a home does not consist in a good house. There is many a good house in which there is no home to ba found, Bnd I will tell you why. It is because of the disorder and misery of the whole family. By a good home I mean s home like that of the Holy Family—all living together in Faith and Charity and the love of God. Home is a sacred word. Take care that your children shall see you every Sunday and day of obligation in the church]; lead yonr children by the hanc to the holy Mass. Take care that your children are in church for Catechism on Sunday afternoon. Take care that they are in time for school every day, and make sure that they are always in time for the religious instruction, and teach your children to be dutiful to their teachers and loving and kind to their companions. Teach them to be industrious in learning their lessons, for, next to their religion, their learning at school is tbe most important part of their education. Once more, I wish I could enroll tbem all in the League of the Cross. I think I may say that with confidence in this church. First of all, I see a large number of the members of the League here around me. These men are helping, by their example, to redeem our people from the curse—ay, I will say the hell—of intoxicating drink. Thes,e men have banded themselves together to keep the League of the Cross in its full vigour and its full power. I will ask of them now to keep a watch over everyone that bas thu name of a Catholic, and over every Catholic child. I will ask of them if they see a Catholic child in the streets, or if they see a child whom thoy think ought to be a Catholic, to find it out, and if they see any peril besetting that child, let them do what they can to protect it. There is another reason why I should have confidence in expressing she wish I have, rlt is this. I have myself e/iiqllid numbers of your little ours glrcarfy jp t^e'^ague of. jtb&pj;^wd I know the good Fathers have enrolled many more. I have one More word to say, and now I am speaking to young and old. I speak especially to the young men, young women, boys, and girls. Avoid all the occasions of sin. There are places in which I hope none of you will ever set a foot. I will not say that it is unlawful for you to set yonr foot into a theatre or playhouse. That depends upon what the place is. There may be theatres, there may be playhouses where what you will hear and see will not be contrary to the law of God. I would say to you, however, that you are not bound to set a foot in a theatre or playhouse, and if you take tny advice, you will never set your foot in one or the other. Find your amusements in some safer places. There are also muBic- halls and dancing-rooins in which none of you ought ever to put your foot. Fathers and mothers, keep your sons and daughters from all such places of amusement. Once more, be careful as to what company your children keep. There is no danger greater to the soul than a bad friend. A bad book is a curse, but a bad friend is worse. Also tell your children, when they walk through the street not to speak to anyone whom they do not know. Warn tbem against taking any gift from anyone in the streets. Warn tbem also against being enticed to any place of amusement by anyone in the street. May your great patron St. Anne, and the Immaculate Mother of God, offer up perpetually their prayers in Heaven for you. May God the Holy Ghost pour out upon you His seven gifts to make you wise and strong; may He open the hearts of all to know the will of God ; and may He proteot you from the dangers which are round about you. May the Holy Ghost pour out upon you the love of God, and so biud you all to the foot of the Cross and to your poor little ones, so that at the last day you may stand before our Heavenly Father, and that you all may enter into the Kingdom of Eternal Life. 