CHAPTER XXXII. The return "from the cliffs was another and wonderful experience. Prior to this the castaways had only 'beheld -the lake •and -its -islets illuminated by tbe sun, irradiated by the moon, or reflecting the stellar host. Now they beheld the lake as they emerged from -the ehrubliery and •woods, "in the ghastly light of a day whose sun was shrouded. There is no light so weird, so suggestive as this. In -it the lake realised what th^y had read in Homeland Uhland of tbe lake of the dead. The charm was added ;to by the ever shifting' character of the scenery. As they came 1 down from thecliff, the winding road gave thorn ever recurring glimpses of this dream, ! lake, so like the scenery of another world. • It was -never -the same. And when they emharked and 'rowed between the islets and through the innumerable -channels,' now and then coming into broad, still, grey pools, reflecting the foliage, the effect; was 'mystic and .poetic beyond description. A strange inexplicable mystery seemed to brood over this lake of dreams. Herbert' could not help repeating to himself as theyrowed 'away from the mainland into the 1 .grey-water,ithe-wondrou8 lines of Uhland : Take—I give it willingly - For, invisible to thee, Spirits twain have crossed with me J i There was a wonderful depression in the air, a stillness that' seemed to bode -some'terrible disaster. The earthquakes, had ceased, but the aspect of the sky was' angry-and lowering. (The 'great piles of clouds on the horizon, the streamers that had covered the sun as if with the webs of • spiders, had all become amalgamated iin' one thick, grey canopy that never shifted or lifted, and seemed to weigh upon the ea>-th like a firmament of lead. Living beings sympathised with nature. The song -of the rowers was hushed, and even Orinora did .not sing or speak, while no sound<came from the feathered -inhabitants of the island. Mature had -for -the time, cast off her dress of gold and purple ar.d crimson and-green, and donned the grey •mantle of the Teclus& . It was late in the afternoon When'the spectral procession ol boats landed on -the -Happy Isle. John Horden at once set 4bout the preparations for the solemn events of the night. Orinora retired with ; her maidens, and went over all they had done. The blush of modesty crimsoned 1 her fece when they showed her the bridal chamber, arranged with the singular ta6te : ; that 'these native girls had learnt from: John Morden and Orinora. : "We.didn't enjoy ourselves at all at, the dance"' said Doraltt. ".Everyone seemed dark and gloomy; they gathered in grpnps and talked, and .tho most of them went away early, fflhepeople-seemed quite changed. And Paranoa jiever came." He-left our .parfy early-enough." replied Orinora. " Why, wliere are fheypung -white men going.?" cried Aherno. Hie girls ran to tbe window.- Herbert and 35liby were sculling away in a boat. Orinora said nothing for the moment. After what she had hoard the previous night, there was no one she dreaded wore than Ebby, She looked on bim as the only person who had influence over Herbert, who sought to rob her of her lover. Every movement of his was suspicions. She knew lie had for a long time been in charge of the isle which was devoted to the asra ol a workshop. What might he not have prepared there? Her heariTstood still. . ! She soon made up her mind. Crossing .. ^ 'I Meek _i gown, i j: andArt>w- >ing a -tiloak orek- ilier . shoulders, «he Ji_ told d.la (the giifls to go 'oii willi'their work,.-anfl 5ia a few minutes she was rowing over (the 'lake, -keeping in view ithe j'duhg inen's 'boat, but unseen -herself. She Was "perfectly -at 'home oil the water, and-knew every inch of'the lake. -Her surmise -was correct. (Ebby 'had taken Herbert away to <make 'One Itot effort- to persuade-him to llettve'the Mand. Not that he told h"im that 'Was 'his 'olyect he merely-asked him to come and see'the workshop isle. A-s'thdy were going along thev spoke little ; each was-busy With 'his -own thoughts. - " 1 know little about Nature or Iier Operations," eaid Ebby, however, as- theynedred the ^Iand, " ! blit my reading misleads me if we are not on the eve of somefrightful convulsion. Ihis Strange stillness, tlie,peculiar pitngeritsitaell of the air, the recuning quakes of the -earth-: 'they must he/premonitions of some violent out; P hra^d 4 burSt-Of the forces of nature." " Whatever they may be," said Herbert, " we can do nothing. Aronoah says such etonns are common in these latitudes, but they do little damage on this sheltered lake." " I've reafl a verse Bomewhere," >said Ebbyy " which seems'to describe my view (if this island, though it' must be para- "Islets and lakes may flourish or may fade; A stroke can ruin them as a strolce 'h&s; made." We walk upon an earthquake. The ocean may gape at any moment -and 'island and all disappear for ever J" " Well," said Herbert, quietly, " and then there will be an end. 1 " They had by -this time arrived at the workshop. 5t tvas a small isle, carefully planted round with thick trees, -so that its unsightly appurtenances -would -not be seen. The Young men -secured their boat and stepped ashore. A narrow passage through a number of beautiful shrubs admitted them into the workshop. Herbert gazed ronnd trim With astonishment. Forges, caipentere' shops; engine-houses, met his view. John Morden had not forgotten the practical even in this island (if dreams. Stbfey $aid -little attention to anything ; he walked BtrtfigTrb to the other side of the island, and hurriedly, for the heavy fcill of -clouds waB -telling, and the light was fading out fast. He left Herbert to a ship or dock, in which lay the large boat or barque that John Jloi'den had ordered -to %e built, so •thut tihe -whole party might navigate the la'ke. She was a perfect little model, with sails and everything complete. -Herbert -at once noticed something singular about : tlie "vessel. A strong cable was secured to a huge ringbolt in the centre-of her dect. This cable ram over into a shed, -wheie a large uantity of what seemed native cloth was lying. , " What do you think of this "boat, Herbert?" asked Ebby, betraying in his tones a suppressed excitement; hit. eyes glisten-' ing strangely. " She is -a beimfciW .little model," replied Herbert; "we will have many a pleasant sail iu her. 1 " " I hope so,"" said Ebby, with a, strange impressiveness in 'his voice, an eager tone. Do you think she would nnvigalte ±be Pacific 1" . " If -she were .on it," replied Herbert, somewhat ironically. "She would -certainly stand well. She appears -made to ride well." faking Herbert's hand Ebby led bim round to the stern of the vessel. It was growing very dark, but Herbert started as he saw in bold white letters the name •ESCAPE." The next -moment he felt annoyed. Why are you all ways -thrusting ithese ideas before me, Ebby ?" <he said rather' ipetulantly • " why -raise up ghosts that are •not-wanted on this inland." " But they are wanted," -said Ebby, firmly, resolutely, "and they will nise whether you call or not. I have brought •you ihere, Herbert, -for tbe last time to offer you escape from the terrible fate that awaits us on this island. I have come to show you .it is no dream, but a great, glorious reality. All this I have known for some time, but .I would not speak until certain. I chose to let you know gradually. Bear with me while Xcxplain. If you persevere with your refusal I will give in." I do not wish 'to pain -you, Ebby,": said Herbert, who spoke, however, with constraint, and—n-hose eyes were fixed on tho name of the -vessel, " but really you ore labouring for nothing. I have'passed mv word a man and womaii wlio depend' on it—-I will riot break -my word." "Be that as it may," snid Ebby, "'let! me explain what I have done, what-1 pro- ; pose to do." ' i(to be continued/) 