THE GHOST'S TOUCH.' BY WILKTFi COLLINS. Tht Eight of Translation is Reserved.) THIRD PART. I X. Welcome to St. Ann's !' oriea Mr. John 1 Zant. I knew that yon were expected, my I dear rir, and 1 took my obanoe of finding yon I at the hotel.' He toraed to hie sister- inl aw. kissed her band with an elaborate gallantry worthy of Sir Charles Grandison himtelf. When I reached home, my dear, j and heard that yon had gone ont, I guessed ; tbit your object was to receive onr exeellent friend. Yon have not felt lonely while I have been away ? That's right 1 that's right !' Ha looked towards the baloony, and discovered Lucy at the open window, staring at the magnificent stranger. ' Your little daughter, Mr. Raybnrn? Dear ohfldl Come, and kiss ma. Lucy answered in one positive word—' No.' Mr. John Zant advaneed to the window, smiling superbly. 'Show me yonr doll, darling,' he said. 1 Sit on my knee.' Luoy answered in two positive words :—' I won't. Her father approached the window to administer the necessary reproof. Mr. John Zant interfered in the oauee of meroy with his best grace. He held np his hands in meek am pom f The fairies ® and this Utfcle fairy 4 60 strangers at firBt sight. Dear tn»! All in good time. And what stay do you make at St. Ann's ? May we hope that onr poor attractions will tempt you to prolong your visit ?' He put his (faltering little question with an ease of manner which was rather too plainly assumed; and he looked at Mr. Raybnrn with a watchfulness which appeared to attach undue importance to the reply. When he said : ' What stay do you make at St. Ann's?' did he really mean : 'How soon do you leave ub V Mr. Raybnrn answered cautiously that his stay at the seaside would depend on circumstances. Mr. John Zant looked at hiB sister-in-law, sitting silent in a corner with Buoy in ber lap. Exert your attractions,' he said ; ' make the circumstances agreeable to our good friend. Will you dine with us to-day, my dear Bir, and bring your little fairy with you ?' tiuoy was far from receiving this com- ! plimentary allusion in the spirit in which it had been offered. I'm not a fairy,' she declared. ' I'm a child.' I And a naughty ohlid,' her father added, with all the severity that he could assume. _ ' I can't help it, papa ; the man with the big beard puts me out.' The man with the big beard was amused — | amiably, paternally amused— by Lucy's plain speaking. He repeated his invitation to dinner ; and he did his best to look disappointed when Mr. Raybnrn made the neoeBsary excuses. ' Another day,' he said (without, however, fixing the day). ' I think you will find my house comfortable. My experimeats, when I amuse myself in that way, seldom offend the nostrils of visitors ; and my housekeeper may perhaps be eccentric — but, in all essentials, a woman in a thousand. Do you feel the ohange from London already? Our air at St. Ann's is really worthy of its reputation. Invalids who come here are oured as if by magic. What do yon think of Mrs. Zant ? How does she look ?' Mr. Raybnrn was evidently expected to say that she looked better. He said it. Mr. John Zant seemed to have anticipated a stronger expression of opinion. Surprisingly better 1' he pronounoed. 'Infinitely better! We ought both to be gratefol. Pray believe that we are gratefal.' ' If yon mean gratefal to me,' Mr. Raybnrn remarked, ' I don't quite understand ' Yon don't qnite understand?' Is it possible that yon have forgotten onr conversa tion when I first had the honour of receiving yon ? Look at Mrs. Zant again.' Mr. Raybnrn looked; and Mrs. Zant's brother-in-law .explained himself. ' You notice the return of her colour, the healthy brightness of her eyes. (No, my dear, I am not paying yon idle compliments ; I am stating plain facte). For that happy result, Mr. Bayburn, we are indebted to yon.' Surely not !' ' Surely, yes ! It was at your valuable suggestion that I thought of inviting my sister-in-law to visit me at St. Ann's. Ah, yon remember it now. Forgive me if me I look at my watoh ; the dinner hour is on my mind. Not, as yonr dear little daughter there seems to think, because I am | greedy, hot because I am always punctual, in justioe to the cook. Shall we see you to-morrow ? Call early, and you will find us at home.' He gave Mrs. Zant his arm, and bowed and smiled and kissed his hand to Luoy, and left the room. Thinking over the interview at the hotel in London, Mr. Raybnrn now I understood John Zant's object (on that i occasion) in assuming the character of a I helpless man in need of a sensible suggestion. I If Mrs. Zant's residence under his roof I became associated with evil oonsequenoes, I Via Afraid declare that she would never have entered the house but for Mr. Rayburn's advice. With the next day oame the hatefnl necessity of returning this man's visit. Mr. Raybnrn was placed between two alternatives. In Mrs. Zant's interests he must remain, no matter at what saorifice of his own inclina tions, on good terms with her brother-in- law or he must return to London, and leave the poor woman to her fate. His ohoioe, it is needless to say, waB never a matter of doubt. He called at the house, and did bis innocent be8t — without in the least deceiving Mr. John Zant— to make bimBelf agreeable daring the short duration of his visit. Descending the stairs on his way out, accompanied by Mrs. Zant, he was surprised to see a middle-aged woman in the hall, who looked as if she was waiting there expressly to attract notice. 'The housekeeper,' Mrs. Zant whispered. She is impudent enough to try to make I acquaintance with yon.' I This was exaotly what the housekeeper I was waiting in the hall to do. I hope yon like our watering place, sir,' she began. ' If I can be of service to you, I pray command me. Any friend of this lady 'ii has a claim on me— and you are an old friend, no doubt. I am only the housekeeper ; but I presume to take a sinoere interest in ( Mrs. Zant ; and i am indeed glad to see you here. We none of us know— do we ? — how j soota We may whnl a friend. No offence, i hope Thank you, sir. Good morning.' There was nothing in the woman's eyes I which indicated an unsettled mind ; nothing I in the appearance of her lips which suggested j habits of intoxication. That her strange outburst of familiarity proceeded from some I strong motive seemed to be more than probable. Putting together what Mrs. Zant had already told him and what he had himself observed, Mr. Raybnrn was inclined to believe that the motive m'ght be found in the housekeeper's jealousy of her master. XI. The suggestive events of the day were not at an end yet. At the moment when John Zant's door olosed behind him, Mr. Raybnrn waB reoognised by an old friend, passing in the street — a person of 06lebrity in the world of soience, who was professor of chemistry at one of the London hospitals. ' What ! have you been submitting your feet to Mr. Zant ?' asked the Professor, pointing to the brass plate on the door. Mr. Bayburn explained that he had only been paying an ordinary viBit. | ' Ah, you know him ? Well, as an operator, 1 I oannot speak too highly of your friend. He has set right a rather serious mistake made, in my oase, by the oorn cutter whom I am accustomed to employ in London. In other respects, he is one of the queerest characters I have met with for many a long day past.' In what way, may I ask ?' The Professor took his friend's arm. They walked along the esplanade together. 'We live,' said the chemist, 'man age when literature, art, and soience are all alike invaded by the omnipresent amateur. Mr. John Zant is an amateur who practises what he calls " oocult chemistry." in hie leisure hours. While he was operating on my foot, he applied the soothing influence of flattery, delicately laid on ; and when he had done (if I may use a coarse expres sion), he pumped me in my soientifio capacity without meroy. The fellow — I beg your pardon; I forgot he was a friend of yours; let us say the accomplished amateur — has collected some curious old books relating to chemistry, and has. founded on them some absurd theories of his own. One of these theories is that the old superstition, which once believed in "The Elixir of Love," actually rests on a basis of ohemloal truth. There are drugs (he was good enough to remind me) which affect the mind through the body, and which may so influence the intellectual powers as to place the will of one person at the meroy of the will of another. "In that way," says Mr. John Zant. "I account for the wonders said to have been performed by the love draughts mentioned in this old book 1" He turned over a few pages and pointed to a recipe (or prescription) which, as he thought, justified bis opinion. But he would like to know, he informed me, if my wonderlul etcetera, etcetera, confirmed him in his own view. His plausible im- pudenoe — I beg your pardon again ; we will say his thirst for knowledge— was really as good as a play. But there was one serious side to the nonsense that he talked. I led him on (I am ashamed to say) for my own amusement, until £ made a discovery- which I had not bargained for. The man is ignorantly meddling with two ohemioal ingredients which may produce disastrous results— if he attempts to put his theories to the t- st. He denies that he has an intention of doing this — excepting, perhaps, in the case of some unfortunate animal. Whether there is any good reason tfo believe him, we won't stop to inquire. My last words at parting gave him a warning which, I hope, will have its effeot. It might not be amiss it you exerted your influence over your friend. Tell him to take that small metal case whioh he brought with him from London ont in a boat, and, when he gets Into deep water, to throw it over- 1 board. Are you staying fit St. Ann's ? I'm I here in lodgings with my wife till the end of I the week. There is the address ; come and I see ns.' I Reflecting in the solitude of his own room, Mr. Raybnrn felt that the one prudent course to take would be to remove Mrs. Zant from St. Ann's. He tried to prepare her cautiously for this strong proceeding when she oame the next day to take Luoy ont for a walk. ' If yon still regret having forced yourself to acoept your brother-in-law's invitation,' | was ail he ventured to say, don't forget that yon are perfect' mistress of your own actions. Yon have only to oome to me at the hotel, and I will take you back to London by the next train.' She positively refused to entertain the idea. 'I should be a thankless creature indeed,' she said, 1 if I accepted your proposal. Do you think I am ungrateful enough to involve you in a personal quarrel with John Zant ? No ! If I find myself forced to leave the house, I will go away alone There was no moving her from this resolu tion. When she and Luoy had gone out together, Mr. Bayburn remained at the hotel, with a mind ill at ease. A man of readier mental resources might have felt at a loss how to aot for the best in the emergenoy that now confronted him While he Was still as far as ever from arriving at a decision, some person knocked at the door. Had Mrs. Zant returned ? He looked up as the door was opened, and saw, to his astonishment, Mr. John Zant's housekeeper. ' I hope I have not done wrong,' she said ; ' I have allowed your little girl, sir, to go to beach with a playfellow. We met the child, with her mother, at the door of the hotel. I The lady said she was sure you would not object ' 'The lady is quite right,' Mr. Bayburn interposed. ' But how is it that you are in charge of Luoy ? Where is Mrs. Zant V Mrs, Zant iB not well, sir ; at least, so I am told. It happened, as I hear, while she was passing our house door, and I had my master's orders to bring Miss Luoy back. Before I go away,' she added, confidentially, ' I Bhould like to say a word in Mrs. Zant's interests. Take the lady out of our house — and lose no time in doing it.' Mr. Bayfaurn was on his guard. He merely asked : ' Why ?' The housekeeper answered in a curiously indirect manner — partly in jest, as it seemed, and partly in earnest. When a man has lost his wife,' she said, ' there some difference of opinion in Parlia ment, as I hear, whether he doeB right or wrong if he marries his wife's sister. Wait a bit ; I'm coming to the point. My master I is one who has a long head on his BhonlderB ; j he sees consequences which escape the notice I of people like me. In his way of thinking, if I one man may marry his wife's sister, and no I harm done, where's the objection if another I man pays a compliment to the family and I marries his brother's widow? My matter, I if you please, is that other man. Take the I widow away before she marries him.' I This was beyond endurance. 'You insult I Mrs. Zant,' Mr. Bayburn answered, ' if you suppose that such a thing is possible!' Oh ! I insult her, do I ? Listen to me. I One of three things will happen. She will be entrapped into consenting to it — or I frightened into consenting to it — or dragged j into consenting to it ' I Mr. Bayburn was too indignant to let her | go on. ' You are talking nonsense,' he said. i There oan be no marriage ; the law forbids it.' I ' Are yon one of the people who see no I farther than their noses ?' she asked i insolently. ' Won't the law take his money ? I Is he obliged to mention that he Is related to i her by marriage, when be hays the lioenoe ?' i She paused; her humour changed; she Btamped furiously on the floor. The true motive that animated her showed itself in | her next words, and warned Mr. Bayburn to i grant a more favourable hearing than he had j accorded to her yet. ' If yon won't stop it,' I she burst out, ' I will! If he marries anybody, ! he is bound to marry Me. Will you take her away ? I ask you, for the last time — will you take her away ?' The tone in which she made that final appeal to him had its effect. ' I will go back with you to John Zant's house,' he said, c and judge for myself.' She laid her hand on his arm : ' I must go first— or you may not he let in. Follow me in five minutes ; and don't knook at the street door.' She left him instantly. He reckoned five minutes by his watoh, and followed her. She was waiting for him behind the door. ' They are both in the drawingroom,' she whispered, leading the way upstairs. ' Step softly, and take him by surprise.' With a dexterous hand she noiselessly opened the door, and let him into the room. XII. j A table of oblong shape stood midway | between the drawingroom walls. At the end j of it whioh was nearest to the door John Zant I was seated, stirring some liquid in a silver i cup. Taken completely by surprise, he j showed himself in his true charaoter. He i started to his feet, and protested with an oath against the intension wbioh bad neon committed on him. Heedless of his aotion and hiB language, Mr. Raybnrn oould look at nothing, oould think of nothing but Mrs. Zant. She waB standing at the opposite end of the table, in the full flow of sunlight pouring at that moment into the room. Her eyes looked ont straight before her — as void of all expression as if they had been eyeB composed in sleep. Her lips were a little parted ; her head drooped slightly towards her shoulder, in an attitude whioh suggested listening for something or waiting for some thing. Perfectly insensible to the sudden opening of the door, to ber brother-in-law's violence, to the words of sympathy which Mr. Bayburn addressed to her — there Bhe stood between the two men ; a living creature, eel: isolated in a stillness like the stillness of death. j John Zant's voice broke the silenoe. His temper was under oontrol again ; be had his reasons for still remaining on friendly terms with Mr. Bayburn. I am sorry I forgot myself just now,' he said. ' We are both of ns naturally anxious about her? He pointed to his sister-in-law, ) and went on stirring the liquid in the silver I oup. ' When did this happen V Mr. Bayburn j asked. | ' Not half an hour ago— just as she was at j the door of this house. I was fortunately at home. Without speaking' to me,_ without notioii-g me, she walked up the stairs, like a person in a dream. She placed herself where she stands now. She has not moved since. It's a nervous seizure of a pecular kind. Something resembling catalepsy, as yo3 see.' ' Have yoa sent for a doctor V ' A dootor is not wanted.' ' I beg your pardon. It seems to me that medical help is absolutely neeeeeary.' Be so good, sir, aB to remember that the decision rests with me, as the lady's relative. I understand the nature of the attack ; and am about to apply the remedy.' Mr. Bayburn approached him, determined to get possession of the cup. ' A remedy of yotnf own devisit g?' he asked, moving a little nearer. His face probably betrayed him. John Zant increased the distance between them. Advancing round the right side of the table, he drew near to Mrs. Zant. She moved before be had passed over the space between them. Her still figure begin to tremble. She lifted her drooping head. For a moment there was & shrinking in ker as if she bad been suddenly touched by something. She seemed to recognise the touch ; she was still again. John Zant watched the change. ' She is beginning to recover her senses,, he said ; ' the remedy will help her.' He advanced again J he passed into the :lood of sunlight flowing over her. Mr. bayburn followed him, determined to prevent it if he offered the cup. He waited a little, closely observing her. ' Rouse yourself !' he said. She remained in the same position, absorbed in ber thought or in her dream. ' Rouse yourself !' he repeated ; ' and drink this.' At the instant when he held it out to her — at the instant when Mr. Rayburn's hand was lifted to seize it — the oup dropped from his fingers. His arm remained outstretched. With a shriek of horror he struggled to draw it back — struggled, in the empty brightness of the sunshine, as if some invisible grip had seized him. 'What has got me?' the wretoh screamed. ' Who is holding me ? Ob, the cold of it ! the cold of it !' His features became convulsed ; his eyes turned npward until only the white eyeballs were visible. He fell prostrate with a crash that shook the room. The housekeeper heard it and rushed in. She knelt by her master's body. With one hand she loosened his oravat. With the other she pointed to the end of the table. Mrs. Zant still kept her plaoe ; but there was another obange. Little by littl-? her eyes recovered their natural living expression, then slowly olosed. She tottered backwards from the table, and lifted her hands wildly aS if to grasp at something whioh might support her. Mr. Bayburn hurried to ber before she fell, lifted her in his arms, and carried her out of the room. One of the household servants met them in the ball. He sent her for a carriage. In a quarter of an hour more Mrs. Zant was safe under his care at the hotel. XHI. That night a note writtten by the house keeper was delivered to Mrs. Zant. The doctors give little hope. The paralytio strike is spreading upwards to his faoe. If death spares him he will live a helpless man. I shall take care of him to the last. As for yoa, forget him.' Mrs. Zant gave the note to Mr. Rayburn. ' Bead it and destroy it,' she said. ' It's written in ignorance of the terrible truth.9 He obeyed, and looked at ber in silence, waiting to hear more. She hid her face. The few words that she addressed to him, after a struggle with herself, fell slowly and reluctantly from her lips. She said : 'No mortal hand held the hand of John Zant. The guardian spirit was with me. The promised protection was with me. I know it. I wish to .know no more.' _ Having spoken, she rose and gave him her hand. He opened the door for her, Eeeing that she needed rest in her own room. Left by himself, be began to consider the prospect that was before him in the future. How was he to regard the woman who had just left him ? As a poor creature, weakened by dieease, the victim of her own nervous delusion? or as the chosen object of a super natural revelation UDparalled by any similar revelation that he had heard of or had found reoorded in books ? His first discovery of tbe plaoe that she really held in hia estimation dawned on his mind, wben he felt himself recoiling from the conclusion whioh presented ber to his pity, and yielding to the nobler oonviotion whioh felt with her faith, and raised her to a place apart among other women. XIV. They left St. Ann's the next day. Arrived at the end of the journey, Luoy held fast by Mrs. Zant's hand. Tears were rising in the ohild's eyeB. Aid we to bid her good-bye ?' she said sadly to her father. He seemed to be unwilling to trust himself to speak ; he only Baid, My dear, ask her yourself.' But the result justified him. Lucy was happy again The End , 