COWARD CONSCIENCE !' -BY F. AV. ROBINSON. (Author of " Grandmother's Money," "Little Kate Klrby," " Poor Hnmanitv," die.) "O coward conscience, how thou dost afflict P — suAXsrxann. BOOK III.— MISERERE. CHAPTER IX. — Ox7t GOOD ACTION'. Yes ; there was a change in Sir John Dag- ; pell. Ho liad not acted judiciously in proceed ing in search of A'ioict Hiiderhrannt ; the fatigue had been too much for him. Tho breath was short 'and quick still, and the eves looked strangely at the charred coals, as if wondering tvhy the tire had gone out in his absence. ' You are ill," said Tom, anxiously. . 'No worse than usual; a little tired, that is ail." " Shall I tell Mrs. Coombcs " "No, no ; damn Mrs. L'oomhes. You stay with me hero. I only want yon." ' Ursula will not be very long, I suppose?" " I don't wont her to-night. I don't think she wtU come to- night. AA'hcn vott see Iter you must not say," lie- added, " that I havo been out of my room. She must not know that." " AVhy not ?" ... "AAHten I'm worse, some dny, I'll tell yon why,' he said. "Yon promised tho girl you would not ask tne auy questions." " True." There was a silence of several "minutes after this, during which tho old man sat studying his emptv tirc-grate, and Tom, with folded arms and knit brows, endeavored to work out the problem for himself, his heart mcnmvhilo heat- ingyory fast. This was not the time to be sitting idly there,, he thought; the time for action of some kittd had come, nud it was cruelty to remain supine. zAutl yet how power less he was to act ! He know uot what to do, or what was threatening hint, ttud others. Violet was -not going away, anil still she had " 1 ttml 1,1 sail affection, as though she were parting from hint for over, nud would leave a fair retnembranco behind her? He would know sill to-morrow, AHolet had said ; he would know all, some day, his father hud prophesied. AA'hich was right in this strange reckoning? "It is time you went toyourroorii," said Tom, suddenly breaking away from his own thoughts, "it is too late to be sitting there." Sir John did not look up at this sugges tion, lint he answered in a slow, mechanical fashion : "I shall sit up to-night." " But, — '' " Ursula lets me remain all- the night some times,' he went on. " nnd when it would tire me too much to move." " "You are very tired then?" asked Tom. " A'ery." "AVhy, did you not send for Miss Hilder- brandt, if it were necessary you should see her?" asked Tom. " There von go again— more questions !" mut tered the father. "I forgot. Forgivo me," said Tom, hastily. ' vr. John's head was raised from its sunken position ou his chest, at this. "To thinkl! should have nnvthiugto forgive," oo said. "That is remarkable. Well, I for give you." He held his wasted lt.-uids.ns if for warmth, towards tho grate again, and Tom said — " You are cold. Someone must light this fire, if you really intend to remain." " No, no." said Sir John, hastily, " I don't .vant any body to come in ugun 'to-night. I i won't have anyone. I'm not cold— uot very I cold, that is." "Mrs. Coomhes s.-tkl tlmt Ursula was coming oack nliuost immediately." " I did not know that.1' "Situ said you told her so," Tom added. " I wanted to get rid of iter — to get ttwav to Hildcrbraudt's daughter— an old friend's daughter. I always liked Paul," ho muttered' " A fellow of no principle, lint with one of the best hearts in the world. Odd, isn't it?" ' " Arerv odd," was Tom's reply. "And so awfully clever, that ho frightened mo at last," said Fir John, " for lie— there you go again," he added fretfully, "Trving to worm everything out of inc." AVhy can't vou let me rest, or try to rest ?" "1 am silent, lather." ."Put something round my shoulders, and give ute some brandy ami witter, and don't sit there like a stone statue. If you had ltceu half a son," ha raid, "vou would fiuvo tried to light the lire for mo. Yon would have lieen doing it for yourself at Honflcnr if I had not been bad gered into sending for vou home." , This was an unkind out from Sir John, hut itis son was not affected by it. He listened und carried out all instruct ions also, but bis thoughts were of tlte girl who bad quitted hint, ana to whom his strong lovo luul leaped forth that night in spite of all restraint. He wrapped a shawl round Itis father' s shouldert ; he mixed some weak brandy and water for him ; lie man aged with a little difficulty to relight the tire. and when all his labors were accomplished, Sir John Dagnell fancied he wits w ell enough to go to bed now. It war the mere expression of an idea, how ever; he dozed off to sleep the instant after wards, unil liia ron thought It was not safe to waku him. The knight was tired with his journey, and rest anywhere would do him good. AA'ltat a litne Ursula was absent, anil why did she keep a-.vay, and where was she ? And when she came hack, would it be wise, and at tlmt late hour, to toll her tho wltolo truth which ho had been burning to reveal only a little while ago ? AVbithl not truth keep till the early morn ing now ? Poor cousiu ! She already guessed much of it. She liad told A'iolct Hildcrlirandt to quit Broad- lauds, for she was jealous of her. There was not much to reveal ; it was only tlie shock of a con fession from Itis own lips "of his imworthbmss that was to striko her down. How was it ho lmd acted so badly, and iu po weak a fashion ? Ho had always plumed himself on tho upright ness of his character, his keen sense of honor, his strict trnthfitiuess— and ho had deceived Ursula Dagnell completely by itis semblance of affection. The womuu who had done so much for him — for tbein all — was alone to suffer, was to be treated worse than anyone else — to lie set aside, if possible, from any further thought of his ! Ifeaven help him ; what an ingrate lie was ! Ursula was in Uor room sobbing out her life nnd love together. That was tlie Ktorv. Sho knew all now, and could not face him yet. Presently ha should poo iter, with tlio bright glasses be'fore her dry grey eves, and her heart for ever shut again-: hint as it deserved to l>e, and as he, God forgive him, wished it ! it was his just punish ment to lie hated by Ursula — for no tine hut himself could gttcss what an itnmcasnmbia love lie hail for Violet Hilderbrandt, mid how it had ail flamed oat at last, with the lava and hot ashes round about his path, and the dead hopes of others hm-at lip by the way. Suddenly itis fatlior woke again, aud with senses more aeate than tho.se of itis 'thoughtful s.n. I'Toin, there is some oue in the corridor," ho said ; "some one wlto is crying." " Ursula !" exclaimed Tom. Ho went hastily tn tlie door and opened it, to diseovor 'Cahbuge ott the mat outside, sniffing and whining, aud evidently in much perturbation of spirit. "It's -Cab," ho paid to his father he has crept upstairs to-night." "He never comes up here," muttered Sir Joint ; "don't let the beast into the room.. He might jump at my tin-oat in a iniuntc." Poor old Cab, vou must go hack," said Tom. " Yon are as wakeful as the rest oi us to-night, it seems." C'ali, conscious that ho wa3 entrenching on forbidden ground, and yet anxious to attract the notice oi his young master, writhed upon his stomach towards 'Tom, licked tlio hand that patted him uud whined piteously aud like a child. Torn started hack and said : — " The dog is wet ; he has lieen in the sea." " J wish he had been drowned there," growled Sir John. ' lout shut out C abbage in tlie corridor after an injunction to go down stairs which Cab im mediately obeyed, leaving a long trail oi water behind him. Tom stood with his hand upon tho curtain, reflecting upon this nud half dis posal to follow Cabbage, a remembranca of the night of the robbery nt Sir. Oliver's coming to him sharply . thought it'was difficult to asso ciate tlte dog's wet condition with any idea of burglary or violence until our hero had re- retiu naltotho fireside, when he discovered blood upon his hand. "Something has happened to Cab ! Tho dog is hurt," lie exclaimed. "One mocient, .Sir lolm." lie had left the room, aud was downstairs in the hull before Sir John could urge a protest against his departure. Iu a few minutes he had returned. Sir John' was wide-awako and inquisitive. '- Well," lie said earnestly, " what have vou liscovovod ?" " Old Fisher asleep oa the hall stairs." "Drunk, I dare sat-," was Sir John's com ment. " No, ho is sober cnongh. I woke hiin and trdd him -to lie off' to bed. lie lmd heard no noise, ho said, the house is securely fastened, aud nothing has happened since I hare been here." " AVlnit did you think had happened V" " 'The dog is wet — has been iu tlie sea, or the Aran, aud lias got hurt, liow did Cabentcr the house ayainV" wiiil 'IV, in. ' Tltore, that's just like you, " remarked tlie querulous father, " more questions, as if I knew anything of the dog— as if 1 could tell— as ii I oared." " I did not expect you to tell me," said Tom. Try to rest, father, it is late." "Is that raiu against the window V" inquired flit- John. " Yes, It is raining fast." replied Tom, " there is quit's a storm without." "A miserable- night," remarked Sir John, "and the sea roars most inferaaliv. I don't think I. shall sleep to-night, tired a- 1 am." fie drew the shawl closely, round ids neck and -moulders witlt his wasted bauds : it was a dull- fefl India shawl, .-mil the face looked vcrv gha-.ilyjiy eontntiGjvith its_color._'.L'om was 3 I'll-: e-cehiitTo "right of jjr.htlcutlou hi Ncw'Sontli Water ti n bean iriremtteJ by the proprietors of "„Tho \- iUily Tifioifr.qiU." not. erne his father was so well, but the voic„ was sharper and clearer than itsw6nt,and the tnlnd worked on still and kept Itirn wakeful. . Strange, he does not ask for llreltla," thought - Kjwt- that he does not seem to riiss her." '.Tom,-'. he said suddenly again — and when our hero had hoped he was dozing — '- are vou there?" " Yes." was tho reply. ' "If I should not "think of it again— if I should not have a chance of alluding to it— John' 3"OU l rem8mbec something, "vsaid Sir "Goon — I am listening." " I have done one good action in my life— a good, sound, unselfish, action," " Many of them, I hope, father. Yours has beeu a long life." " Yes : but I haven't dono any good in it see that prettv plainly to-night, if I ' never did before. How do yon account for it ?' he inquired. " I cannot account for it." »ri ' Hi' — De. E00 action in visiting Miss — Miss— Ho hesitated for the name, and Tom ' supplied it. " Hilderbrandt," he said. "Yes, Hilderbrandt. AYLv did I forget that name, now ? My memory is going, Tout, by r ,, 0 forget that man's natnc is n bad aigu for me, he said. u I'm not so weU— I'm sure I'm not so wtU." " Pure fancr, sir." " But I'll not excito myself to-night about it. Don t make any further uproar, Tom, will yon ? I'll try to sleep." : Sir John Dagnoll tried hard, and succeeded at last. He was sleeping lieacefuUv when the door opened, and Ursula entered. 3Vitli her soft, ii ?re3s noiseless slippers, she seemed to gliae mto the room, a ghost-liko figure in the dim light that was there. And it was the face nn. n K t, too — cadaverous and bloodless. Ibe sleeping man iu the chair even bore a healthy hue, by contrast with her. Pom's heart gave way a little. No, there was - nothinir to tell Ursulu DnrmMi u-itioit iKa sIli not kuow already. He was sure of it. CHAPTER X.— 'The Engaged Cocple. One very noticeable fact in Ursula DagueU's appearance was the absence of her glasses— although Tom was not aware of it for some minutes after her entrance. This had rendered hershort-sigbted, and she came up very closely to Tom, and peered Into his face, to make sure it was he. Her color did not vary nt the sight of him, and her voice was pitched in u low monotone — hardly her voice, Tom thought, and one not swayed by any passion now. it was like a woman speaking at a distance. Ursula turned lrom Tom to her uncle. "Asleep?" she Inquired. "Les," answered Tom; "I could not get hint to his bed to-night." " It matters not," sho said. " It is as well he can rest somewhere." There was .a third chair by the fireside and sho took it, leaned her head against the cold marble mantelpiece, and gazed with a fixed in- tentness at the fire. " AYhat a stormy night it is," she said. " Yes- Have you been asleep ?" .'No, was the slow answer "nt least Idon't think X have. Has Sir John complained of my absence V" "Xo." . " Has he been sitting there ever since?" 'she inquired. Torn did not answer readily. " He has been a littlo restless," Tom replied at ki.-.t ; " aud he has walked about the room with mo." Singular that he should respond in- this eva sive way to Ursula — that even iu this little matter he. must bo false to her. It was his father's wish, and for the present he must re spect it. He could scarcely mention the name of A'iolet Hiiderbrnddt to-night, he thought. And yet he had been wailing long for it — and Ursula knew nil. If he could but break the ice, and tell her bis version of the story — if he could only say something that would make hint look .less the traitor he had been, and teach this cousin some kind, gentle lesson of mercy, for bearance, or reconciliation tritlt him I AA'us it hopeless? — was it policy to speak to night ? Ursula closed her eyes, und said— " Yon need not remain anv longer, Tom." " You aro tired, I am sure." " AYhat docs that matter ?" he murmured. " I shall tnake a better nurse than you to night." "I think not," she/replied wearily, "soplease go— now." e Tom rose at her nppeal, and she did not open her eyes to see thu last of liiui. He held his hand towards bar, but sho did not perceive it lie did not stoop nnd kiss her as lie had dono last night, by the right of his engagement. Tlte time was "past for him ond her — it was all over betweeu'theso two, who had talked of their everlasting love only a little while ago 1 " Good night, Ursula." "Goodnight." As ho walked away, some softlv whispered worus, which she had not intended t o reach him, came to his quick ears, They were "God bless you !" and they thrilled himi at that time. He went back to Ursula. He stood before her ami called her by her name, but she would not look up at him again. ' " I came hero sohte" houra ago in search of you, Ursula," he murmured in her ears, "I hare so much to tell you — to explain. I wanted yon " , " To know all," sho added. " AYell, I know it. Let tnit be I" " Until to-morrow, then." "Ah, j-os — to-morrow, please." "Early to-morrow, it" you. will come to mo in tlie garelen, where there wUl be no one to interrupt us." " AVIioto you and I talked once of being man nnd wife, I will meet you there," sho said iu tlie same set tones which wavered not, and yet which had no ring of satire in them. She was speaking of a past without reproach or passiou. Tom did no: understand her, or feared that ho understood her far too well. Ho said no more, hut went away. Sho was a woman very weary, she had been sorely tried; she was " dazed," and it would have lraen ungenerous to confess his iove for Yiolot that night. She knew it and liad reproached Violet with It all, but he had not spoken of it himself, he had not the heart. He went softly along the corridor to his room, tliiuking already of tbe tnorrow — already preparing for it. As he passed Marcus's door, lio remembered his brother whom lie hod con soled at an cavlier hour, and tbe collapse of whose engagement liad so quickly brought about his owr.. 'They were twin brothers iu a love which Bad shrivelled up iu a night. The light was burning within the room still, nnder the door a thin line of light streamed forth across tlie floor of the corridor. As he passed, lie beard Marcus cough within. " Good night, Marcus," lie said, tapping on tho panels, " you are up too lato to-night. lleforo lie could withdraw, the door was opened, and his brother, as he had seen him last, palo awl cravatless, stood in tlie aperture. " Oh ! is tlmt you, Tom ? I'm glad you are Itp. Come in." " Not now, thank you." " But I have something to tell you. Look hero !" And Marcus led his brother towards tbe window, which was still opeu, and tlikough which the rain was drifting very fast into the room. _ j He did not complete Itis sentence ; both young men looked vaguely at each other, anu the colour of each chaugcd, despite their appren ticeship to the mysterious. There was a scratching of nails against the door — startling cnongh nt that hour, and with their nerves highly strung— and then tho long low whine of L'ub reassured them, and told them that the dog was still wandering about the corridor, as if loath to leave his master. " Cab will wnke tho house," said Tom, ad vancing to the door. "They say dogs see spirits, don't thoy?" asked .Marcus, who was - fairly ' upset that evening. " Ay, and give warnings too," was the reply, as Tom opened the door and Cab came whining into the room, with tlio samo difficulty, dragging his limbs after him, and panting hard as he ap proached his master. — " My poor old Cab," said Tom, dropping down on his knees hesido him, " I wish you could tell me what is the matter, wlint misery and trouble have been abroad with yon to-night? You would tell me if you could) You— Oil i Marcus, look here ! He's dying !" Yes ! poor Cab liad dragged himself to his voting mastor'R feet to Uie, he hod straggled upstairs once more for u. last look of the kindly face, tbe last caress t%i/ the strong friendly hand. Cab had lieen bleeding slowly to death for some time, and this was the end of it. He lmtl met his death-blow nn that night, and there was no one to tell them how this faithful servant liad couto by his end. It was only a dog's death, but 'there were tears in Tom "Dagnell s eyes as he bent over the faithful servant he hail lost. CHAPTER XIL— NEXT MORNISG. There had been no time mentioned for Tom DagueU's intcrviow with his cousin ; it was to lie early iu tlio ntoraiug in the gardeu, where slA- had first, warned him of his father's wish for lheir marriage. He was astir early iu conse quence; it was necessary to be wakeful in these new days, wherein there was much nlottintr. and where strange events were happening hourly. 'There was much for Ursula Dagnell to explain, he thought, ufter the humiliation of his own confession hod been fought, through und succumbed to. He did not dream tlmt the timo for explanation was not yet, nnd tlmt Ursula and he were to meet again under circumstances stranger titan these. He lmd rehearsed itis miserable part all tlie wearv titno before daylight ; he had prepared lifs story nnd sot it, as he hoped, in its best light ; lie did not wholly despair, vain dreamer, of J interesting Ursula in Ids lovo for Violet Hilder brandt. For Ursula was an honest woman, und full of womli-ous impulses of self-sacrifice, nud the times were ripe for thorn again. AVhat would uot a woman do for love's sake?, . AYhat would he not have done himself to make Ursula happy and free, if— - -,Tbea: his < j reasoning became clouded, and the mist "of, his . . I To be continued ... ' 