GRANVILLE, ST. MARK'S. THE eight days' mission in connection with St. Mark's Church was brought to a close on Sunday evening last. The interest in the services continued to increase until at the closing service it was found necessary to provide extra seating accommodation, and even then many had to be content with standing room. Our last report dealt with the services up to Thursday evening. The early celebration on Friday morning was attended by eighteen communicants. A five minutes' address on Hebrews 10, 18—"There is no more offering for sin"— followed. From 11 to 11.30 there was a Bible reading in the vestry, the text considered be- ing from the second chapter of the Acts— " How the Holy Ghost is given to men and women, and why they need Him." From 7.16 to 7.45 p.m. there was a prayer meeting, at which thanks were offered to God for answering the petition for rain. The musion service commenced at the close, the subject considered being "Does the Bible teach that a man cannot know whether he is going to Heaven when he dies?" The after meeting was a very solemn one, " The Death Angel, or Everlasting Life" being treated of. On Saturday tho services commenced with a prayer meeting at 7.15 p.m. The Revs. Canon Giinther and A. I. O'Reilly were present in addition to the incambent of the parish, Rev. W. A. Phillips. The subject of the address at the mission service was " The Bich Fool," founded on St. Luke xii. 19-20—" Soul take thine ease. . . . This night shall thy soul be required of thee." Illustrations of how money may be used for God were taken from the lines of the commentator Bengel; the Bev. Hudson Taylor, founder of the China Inland Mission; and the Earl of Shaftesbury. The subject at the aftor meeting was " No man can change after this life, or when Jesus comes again." The Scripture proofs were taken from Rev. xxii. 11—"He that is unrighteous, let him do unrighteousness still; and he that is filthy let him be made filthy still; and he that is holy let him be made holy still." (Revised Version). There was a celebration of the holy communion at eight o'clock on Sunday morning, with an addresB on the words—" This is my body which is given for you. . . . His own self bore our sins in Bis body upon the trej, that we having died unto sin, might live uuto righteousness, by whose stripes ye were healed." At eleven o'clock the subject of the address was— "The five wise virgins admitted, the fivefoolish shut out for ever because they were just too late," the words being founded on the 25thchapter of St. Matthew. At the close of the sermon there waB another celebration of the holy communion. In the afternoon there was a service for men only, the subject of the addiesB being " Men's Daily Worries," and the text Matt. xi. 28—" Come unto me all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give von rest," etc. At the close of the address some twenty-five men stood up to confess them- selves Christians. At the evening service, the concluding one of the mission, the subject of the address was "The threefold disappointment of the world, as regards clergymen, Christians, and the Lord Jesus Christ." About one hundred persons knelt reverently at the communion rails to think the Lard and conse. crate themselves to Him. The number of communicants throughout the day was 80. The special thanksgiving service commenced at 7.46 p.m. on Monday. Several stood before the congregation to declare that they wished to carry out their baptismal vows. Up to Tuesday morning thirty-one names had been handed in for the special confirmation by the Primate which is to take place at St. Mark's this month. : On Thursday evening a short service was held in the church. The prayers were read by the incumbent, Bev. W. A. Phillips, and the Bev. W. H. Ullmann gave a short address, exhorting all those who had attended the mission services and been bronght closer to the Lord Jesus to still follow the narrow path which leads to everlasting life, not to turn aside to listen to the sneers of the world, but manfully to fight on to the end of their lives. | After the service a meeting was held to inaugurate a Chnroh Workers Society. The Revs. W. H. Ullmann and W. A. Phillips gave some practical information concerning the working of similar organisations in other parishes, snch as collecting funds for church purposes, teaching in the Sunday school, einging in the choir, and holding services in the homes of the people in fbe outlying districts. Mr. W. J. Baker proposed, ana Mr. Parkin seconded,—"That a Church Workers Society be formed in connection with St. Mark's parish." Carried unanimously. A large number of those present then intimated their willingness to become members. Meetings will be held regularly, due notice of which will - be given by the incumbent. 