SPORTING. Negotiations between the promoters of the new racing club and Messrs. Bladder and Be itj- are still pending, and from the informa tion we have received it appears as though the lessees of the Old Course are becoming unneces sarily obstructive. We believe the other side have yielded to the extent of a thousand pounds more than their first offer, and that Bladder and Berry can obtain £6,000, and £1,000 contingent on the totali zator being reintroduced. These appear to be fair terms and a liberal offer in these dull times, but the Old Course lessees are standing out for £7,500, not having abated anything. Acting in this spirit they once before lost the chance of amalgamating, and it seems as though they are again likely to spoil their cause by "going for the last dollar." Messrs. Bladder and Berry should bear in mind that it is by their own act only that a debt of this magni tude is due on the Old Course. They have been the "financial managers" throughout and have expended money in a variety of ways that would not have been endorsed by a com mittee. When an effort is being made in the interests of sport to re-establish racing on a sound footing here, and when a large amount of capital will have to be raised to purchase both courses and lay down a Plumpton for coursing, surely Messrs. Blacker and Ferry should be willing to make a little sacrifice and meet the would-be purchasers in sportsmanlike fashion, even if they accept less than their own estimate of the value of the property. There is no room for rival clubs here, and the only hope of obtaining the use of the totalisator again is by all parties co-operating in the formation of one substantial club. Should these negotiations fall through the lessees of the Old Course will discover that they have alienated themselves from the sympathy and support of the townspeople as well as the turfites. We have it on the best authority that it is the intention of tlie promoters of the new club to hold important meetings on the Old Course and to study the wishes of the public in maintaining racing wherever it can be made most popular as welfas profitable. Referring to a visit to Cripps Brothers' training establishment, "Augur," in the Aus tralasian, says:—For action and appearance nothing pleased me more than the filly by Countryman or Richmond from Miss Heslop, She was foaled to the latter's time, and her wonderful girth is so similar to that of the Victorian ex-champion that I don't think there can be any doubt respecting her paternity. She inherits his power, and if ever I saw a filly capable" of carrying heavy weights and going fast this is the one. Her breeding is first class, for her dam Mis3 Hesloii is by Costa from Serenity, by Saunterer from Gratitude, by Newminster; and the Hon. W. Robinson, of New_ Zealand, has good cause to remember Gratitude, for she was his mare when he was on the English turf, aud by a short head only he was deprived of the pleasure of effecting a great coup in one of the principal autumn handicaps of the old country. Miss Heslop is also the dam of Bis Bis, who was possessed of a most brilliant turn of speed, but she lacked the strength of this daughter of Rich mond, for whom I prophesy a successful career on the turf, provided that she goes through her training without accident.^ Cantering at her side as she trotted in beautiful style round the circle was a full brother to Santa Claus, a well grown colt, whose bay coat shone like satin in the sun. He, too, is a nice mover in his slow paces ; and a neat little filly by Countryman or Richmond from Annie Firmin is almost sure to go fast, for her dam is half sister to Footstep and Lord Wilton, and full sister to Sandal. Royal Consort was also looking well and heart v, and Derision, ,teu, Li ithair, and others, nr' ,, u|hDff to the operations of last week the Melbourne Leader of July 26 says Monday last was a big day in the betting ring, setting over the late Grand National and Waterloo Cup meetings occupying the whole of the day. Many of the bookmakers, anxious to hie away to Deniliquin, got through their settling during the day, and the occasion of the general rendezvous was utilised to execute one or two important commissions on future events. Bor the Melbourne Cup the owner of Coronet supported his horse so firmly as to place the Newmarket Handicap winner at the head of the quotations, side by side with Commotion, whose popularity with the general public will cause the veteran to carry a ton of money should he see the post. The New Zealand repre sentative, July, has also been heavily backed for the Cup, but straight out betting on the Derby has only been conducted in fits and starts. The confidence expressed openly by Dunlop's owner in his colt's fitness and ability has dispelled the shadow that recently en veloped the son of Neckersgat and Etta, who is as good a favorite as anything, bar the Maribyrnong Plate winner, Newstead. A number of wagers have been laid on the Caul field Cup, for which event the price may be quoted as 1000 to 30 on the field, a dozen different horses having been backed at this figure, including "last yen's winner Blink Bonny, Velocipede, Grace Darliu^ (on the strength of the Ghost's running *t Elemington), St. Lawrence, Plau;ibk° and St. John. The Maribyrnong Plate is at present quite a dead letter, and the generally popular double, Hawkesbury Handicap and Metropolitan, has not yet been operated upon. During the week a lot of steady preparatory work has been done on the training ground, notwithstanding the still heavy state of the going. The people's idol, old Commotion, looks as gay and blooming as his most ardent admirer could wish; and as the champion is in robust health, and _ i3 still the possessor of a set of unblemished understandings, there is every_ probability of Mr. Dakin being able to strip him on the 3rd of November as fit and well as last year, when "he ought to have won." His stable companion, the flying Fry ingpan, also looks hearty, but, unlike the veteran, the little horse is "queer below," and may cause his trainer many an anxious hour. No horses at Flemiugton look better than Coronet and Monshee, who daily attract the favorable notice of the early risers; the former is a very glutton for work, evidently ready for the extra steam to be put on. Coffey has both the Broker and St. Lawrance looking well, the S. A.J. C. Leger winner especially hav ing wonderfully improved since his last public appearance. Two young ones, whose ap proaching three-year-old career will probably be marked by success, are Arsenal and Remus, both colts looking very well, and the former h developing into a powerful horse. Oft' Color never looked better than at the present time : and amongst the other regular attendants on the track may be mentioned Stornaway, Vergy, Lord Wilton, Country Boy, I.O.U., The Pencil (a beautiful mover), and S. Mahon's Poarl eyc. 