The Fitzroy Meat Preserving Company. Thb Kookhampton correspondent of the S.M. Herald says : — ' I have the pleasure to announce that the Fitzroy Meat Preserving Company have once again set their works fjing, and that there ore now good prospects the establishment being kept hard at work for tho noxt eight months ; Mr. Bertram, the managor or tne company, naving arrangea lor a regular supply of prime cattle to fully employ hiB6taff for the period mentioned, if not longer. A general meeting of the shareholders in tho company was held recently, at whioh Mr. Livormoro, chairman of the board of directors, deliverod a very important speech upon tho past affairs and future prospeots af the com -any. I must content myself by reproducing ust a few salient points. Considerable pro gress has been made in tho allotment of the new issue of shares, the balance-sheet showing that 14,570 of tho new shares had been taken up ; and that, were the whole of that issue ab sorbed, the bank account would be in credit, and the present heavy charge for interest avoided. It is pointed out that the profit and loss account shows, for tho first time a debit balanco, but this is attributable, and I think fairly so, to the disastrous fice whioh destroyed ttio works Bome zu montns ago, ana tno ternoio drought whioh has played so much havoo among our flocks and herds since tho first disaster happened. The latter fact is plainly demonstrated by the figures Mr. Bertram placed before tho meeting, showing that the average ? weight for the last season was only 621 lbs., against 782 lbs. in 1882, and 764 lbs. in 1883. The works were only employed for about 3J- months ; tho cattle ' reduced' wore small and inferior, and tho loss in tallow waa equal to about 200 tons, which at £28 per ton — not an extravagant average, as the London tallow market reports would prove— meant £5,600. Then there were losses on tho inaur anoo policies; for whereas £8,500 had been covorod, tho directors have had to accept a compromise and write off a. Bum of £2,671 5s. ?Id., in addition to costs, in tho endeavour to obtain paymont in full. However, I think that all thlngd considered, the shareholders have bo groat cause to grumble at the absence of a dividend, which will doubtless come to them oro long.. They have benefited largely from the investment of their spare capital on the increased prioo of their cuttle, which has advanced 50 per cent, since the company wag formed ; and I oomraend to the careful con sideration of Now South Wales shareholders the project now on foot for supplying Queens land beef rogularly in the southern markets and London, ' an attempt which,' as the directors' report states, ' must, if Buooessful, tend to give mi increased value to cattle in the district.' You will know well that during the last twelvo monthB live cattle were shipped from Eock hampton and Gladstone) to your market, with the result that wo could get no decent stock to reduce at 'tho Creek ;' that, as a consequence, the works woro stopped, tho price of cattle wont up, and that beof , to many of the consumers who had beon thrown out of employment by the stoppage of operations, jumped from 3d. to 5d. por lb. Tho chairman of tho company thinks tho advantage to the southern oolonies might bo gained equally. ' as well without shipping tho cattle alive ; and if that be possible Idon'teeo why you good people of Sydnoy should find muoh jpom to oomplain, whuo wo here would have a good deal to be thankful for.' Hbioht and Weiohi. — It is well that all persons should know what the normal weight of man really is. Tho following shows tho relative height and weight of individuals measuring 6 feet and upwards : — Five feet 1 inoh should bB 120 lbs.; 5 feot 2 inches should bo 126 lbs.; 5 foot 3 inohes should be 133 lbs.; Sfoet i inohes should be 136 lbs.; 5 feot 6 inches Bhould be 142 lbs.; 5 feet 6 inches should be 145 lbs.; 5 feet 7 inches should be 148 lbs.; tZ M~^L O inniinn nVnlilil Vtn IKK Ilin * C -fnnl- O U AWll O iUUAAUa DUUUIU UO J.UV AUOtf V 1VU' V inohes should be 162 lbs.; 5 feet 10 inohes should be 169 lbs.; 6 feet 11 inohes Bhould bo 1741ba.; 6 feet should be 178 lbs.— Mealth. A Conscientious Oahbtakee. — Lady (look ing over a house in the suburbs of Sydnoy she waa desirouB of renting) to caretaker : ' Who lived in this house lastf' Caretaker: 'A gentloman, mum.' ' Was there anythying in his life, his history, that waa peculiar ? Tho rent is rathor moderate for such a good house in. suuh a: neighbourhood as tlds ; there must be some reason for it. What is it f' 'Well, mum, as you seem to be suoh anioo kind of lady, I don't mind telling yon, as a secret, mum, thct you'll bo good enough not to speak of again, mum, for ? if my employers know as how I had told this tale, I should never got a houso to mind no more ; but this poor gontle man; mum, ho came to bad ends and shot his soU iu ; tho front bedroom, and tho coroner's inquest was hold in this hero room. And they io say, mum. as how his ghost walks at night ipataira and down, though I can't say as how C have soon or hoard anything myself. And that's tho reason, mum, why tho house is going sheap, as no one can be found to take it. Lady soroams. Caretaker smiles aloud. — Bvining Newt. The Cotose or Titoe Love. — A oase whioh sontained some curious particulars camo before tho Sydney Central Police Court on the 2nd instant in the Summons) Division, The, case in question was on notion to rooovor tho sum of £7 monoy lont, tho plaintiff boing Mrs. Annio Collin', an independent property- owner, and tho dofendant an ox-member of the police foroe namod Gordon Bmith. Mr. Williamson ap peared for tho plaintiff, who gave evidence to the effect that the defendant borrowed the money from her uv a lump sum. She also deposed that ho wrote her somo vory affection ate letters, overflowing with terms of love and ondearmont, requested hor to direot any com mubioatioaB in reply to the Queen's Head Hotel, Kent street, and on one oooasion asked permission to oall and see her when aho was unwell. Tho defendant Rtontly denied the debt and tho letters', so that Mr. Clarke, the presiding magistrate, was obliged to ? nonsmt the plaintiff ; hut ho intimated dgninonntly that sho should take othor proceedings, refer ring doubtless to tho defendant's pointblonk denial of hor ovidonoo. Tho consummation of this enso is tho fact that tho defendant is a marriel man, — £i'A». A Sobubbas Mayob and the Soudan Expe dition. — At the meeting of the oounoil of Marriokville, near Sydney, on Monday, the 2nd instant, tho mayor (Mr; W.Shaw),- said ho felt it incumbent upon him to say somothing with reference to the Soudan expedition. He had tiken in an advertisement about that expedi tion to the daily papers, but from some reason thoy refused-TO -publish it.' Tie would there fore read it to the counoil as follows: — ' Soldiers for Soudan,— Do you know what your mission is? To bolster up Egyptian bonds. To make Dalley Sir W. B. Dalloy at a oost of half a million to the country, to miko your children fathorless,' to mako your wives widows, to bring on unnecessary n««™» /.». your country, to cause Aus Sa to J .identified' with England's quarrels, and thus king » hoaC''17 *°,£E own shores. Do you think old Englaw* ? danger? You. know right well Bho fa hOti Pause nnd think; those would-be aristocrats', ore only using you for their own selfish end*/ taking care to remain behind with -a whole skin.' Nono of the aldermen presont com mented on the matter. — Telegraph- There aro 1,403 duBt-women in England and Wales, who spend their lives in raking over dnst-heaps for what gain they may find. 