VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, November 27. A sad case of suicide has occurred at Rochester. Mary Evans, who was in business as a dressmaker with her sisters, daughters of a well-to-do farmer, had a quarrel with her lover, who broke off the engagement. She wrote a farewell letter to her sisters and dis* tributed her trinkets, and then drowned her* self. Melbourne, November 27. A deputation from tbe Australian Wine Growers' Association and the Chamber of Manufactures waited on the Premier to-day to ask him to invite the co-operation of the other colonies in an endeavour to obtain the admis sion of Australian wines containing less than 30' proof spirit into England with a duty of Is. per gallon, instead of 2s. 6d., as at present. Mr. Service expressed his complete sympathy with the movemeut, and promised to endeavour to forward it. Melbourne, November 29. The racing mare East Lynne staked herself so badly on Thursday that she died shortly afterwards. Melbourne, November 30. At a meeting of the Australian Frozen Meat Export Company to-day it was resolved to wind up the company voluntarily. This deter* mination was arrived at consequent upon the low price of Australian meat in tbe London market, and the unwillingness of the Orient -Company to reduce the freights for carrying frozen meat. Mr. Thomas Hardy, a South Australian wigneron, has returned to Melbourne from the phylloxora-infected districts in New South Wales, and states that the Government of that colony are doing nothing whatever to eradicate the pest. He proposes visiting the Geelong district to see what effect tho trenching of the infected vineyards sites has had. A meeting of the Melbourne Bootmakers' Union was held to-night, and a vote of £100 was passed for the assistance of the boot tmakers on strike in Adelaide. A sum of £50 .•eras also voted for the assistance of the boot makers on strike at Sargood and Co.'s factory •at Ducedin. Melbourne, December 1. The goneral entries were received to-day for -the Victoria Amateur Turf Club Boxing Day meeting, to be held at Caulliold. The follow ing are the entries for the Summer Cup, 1£ mue and a distance:—St. John, Tho Agent, Merrimu, Claptrap, Gasalier, Maydew, Ringmaster, First Prince, Britisher, Come* rine, All Gold, Baron Ni-ckar, E. D„ Grace Darling, Tbe Ghost, Selkirk, Anchorite. Velocipede, Uncos, Lesbia, The Chanter, Lord Wilton, Hilltop, Bend Or, Middlemarob, Hippogriff, Bohemian, Plausible, Merman, Remus, Marie Louise. Black Diamond, Aco lyte, St. Lawrence, and Sea Horse. Melbourne, December 2. A private letter has been received in Mel* bourne from one of the dignitaries attending -the Plenary Council of the Roman Catholic Bishops of Australasia, which has been sitting in Sydney, to the effect that the council unanimously affirmed the necessity of appoint* ing a Coadjutor Archbishop of Melbourne. The leading name to be submitted to the Pope for approval is that of Dr. Carr, Bishop of Galway, Ireland. Melbourne, December 3. Both Houses of Parliament immediately ad* Journed last night on receiving the news of Sir »«-ter Scratchley's death. 