A VOICE FROM THE TOMB. TO THE EDITOR OF THE SENTINEL Sir, May I as a respectable, elderly phantom, adjourning in that dreary wilderness known as the Wodonga Ceme- tery, be permitted, on behalf of myself and other dispirited spirits, to earnestly enquire, through the medium of your paper, when that venerable and sagacious body \- the cemetery trustees intend to hold their next meeting ? The disgraceful condition of our cemetery is so well known to you mortals, that it would be superfluous for me to make any lengthy comment on it. It is a wildering labyrinth of thorns and thistles, and high grass, which completely hides the graves and even the tombstone from view, so that; if a quiet, inoffensive spectre is in a par- ticular hurry to retire on the premature crowing of the traditional cock, he often finds himself in a grave dilemna to discover his own individual grave. In this way complication and disputes as to rights of property are constantly occurring in a community which, though composed entirely of shady character, would other wise be supernaturally quiet and peaceable Sundry and divers stumps and holes diversify the scenery, and those who, like myself, are somewhat elderly and not very spritely sprites, when out for a quiet, meditative walk beneath the glimpses of the moon are; constantly coming to grief In one or other of the treacherous snares. We unfortunate ghosts have, for at long time, borne with compulsory resignation the heartless negligence of the trustees, but but let me solemnly warn that body that we are determined to bear it no longer. We have held several indignation meetings, and have formed a strong Vigilance Com mittee to assert our rights and watch our interests. We earnestly conjure the "body' to awake to their duties, or the result will be appalling. I use the word body in reference to the trustees with despairing emphasis and mournful sarcasm for, in reply to an influential deputation sent by the com mittee to interview a certain Sable Monarch, and to insist on the instant recall and punishment of his servants, the trustees, he assured them that that course was entirely out of the question, as Tisiphone, who manufactured them from some very inferior raw material, was suffering from a temporary attack of mental aberration at the time, and had launched them into the world without either souls or brains. His majesty informed the deputation that in his character of "Old Boots," he of course dealt in nothing but souls, and that while compassionating our case, it would be utterly useless for him to attempt any action in the matter. Our best course, he politely pointed out, would be to forward, an urgent petition to St. Peter, praying for the immediate inter- ment of the trustees in the same cemetery which they had allowed to degenerate into a howling wilderness. He admitted that their company would certainly be most undesirable and disagreeable to us, but that we could easily escape the in- fliction by emigrating to some more respectable and civilised cemetery. " Clootie" was further pleased to re- mark that he himself would gladly accom modate us in his own territory, only that all his available was occupied by the great influx from New South Wales, with the exception of one very torrid portion, which had been specially reserved for the reception of the Railway Commissioners.. On hearing the report of the deputation our committee has decided to act on the above advice. If that fail, we will be compelled to fall back on one last and terrible resource. If the cemetery trustees would like to know what that is, let them search the 23rd chapter of Revelations. Yours, &c.;, EXASPERATED PHANTOM. 