A Few Hints on Carving. SUCKING) PIG, TO CARVE. . i , ,-.Tho sucking pig is usually sent to table as, shown in the CUT;, tho head being removed and opened land; . the body split. ' Separate the shoulder from the.body; . by carrying the knife quickly.and neatly round1 the. . circular line; as shown by the le tters A, Bj Ol The ¡ shoulder will then easily come away. The next step is to take off tho leg ; and this is done tho same way by cutting round this joint in tho direction of the dotted line, in tho Eauie way as tho shouldor. The ribs then stand fairly opon to the knife, wheh should be carried down in the direction of the line A, B, C, and two or throe helpings will dispose of these. The other half of the pig is served in tho same manner. Different parts of tho pig aro variously esteomed ; somo preferring tho flesh of tho neck, others tho ribs, and others again tho ehonldérs. Tho truth is thc whole of a sucking pig is delicious, delicate eating ; but in carving it tho host should consult the various tastes and fancies of his guests, keeping the largo joints generally for tho gentlemen of the party. Tho carver must not forgot the portion of J stuffing and gravy which must accompany every serving, unless objected to by the guest. ; ,;;:;''V/; .J ROAST TURKEY, TO CARVE. ¡ The.turkey having all strings and skewers;used iii trussing removed, having been placed on the table .with its head or neck at the carver's left' hand, insert the fork firmly as indicated at -,*, then remove the whole leg and thigh by a out Bhown at A ; next remove the wing by a out at B letting those parts lie on tho dish. Then cut down- wards close to the wing from 1 to 2 thus, proceed up- wards towards the ridge of the breast bono. This is not the usual plan, but it will be found the best. Tho breast is the only part which is looked on as fine in a turkey, tho legs being seldom eaten at table. Then make an opening into the cavity of the bud, at a place now biddon by tho leg for taking out the stuffing. You may separate the log (drumstick) from the thigh or second joint ; if the dish is not largo enough for this to bo done, a plate must bo used. Tho thigh or second joint should yiold at least three portions, one with tho bono and two without, and a piece of this with a slice from the breast served, unless some one is known to prefer a part of tho drumstick, as many do ; the thigh and drumstick will make throe portions of dark meat each; some prefer all white meat, and those liking, if not known, should be asked. Always lay tho pieces outer pr 'skin side up, and add a small portion of stuffing and ? gravy. ; TONGUE TO CARVE. I A tongue is best in tho thickest part, and therefore the proper way is to out it nearly through at the thickest part, and serve it in thin slices, right and left,' helping fat to those who ask for it from the" under side. GOOSE OB DUCK, TO CAIiVE. Begin by turning tho neck end of tho goose to- wards you, and cutting tho whole breast in long slices, from one wing to another (seo.the lines A, B). To take off thc leg, insert tho' fork in tho small end of the bone at C, pressing it to tho body, put the knife in at A, turn the leg back, and, if the bird be young, it will easily como away ; if old, we will not answer for it. To take: off tho wing, insert thé fork m the small end of tho pinion and press it close to tho body, put tho knife in at B, and divide the joint. When the leg and wing aro off ono side attack those on the other ; but, except when tho company is very large it is seldom necessary to cut up the whole goose. Tho back and lower side bones, as well as tho two side bones by the wing, may bo cut off ; but the host pieces of the goose aro tho breast and tho thigh, after being soperated from tho drum- stick. Serve a little of the seasoning from the inside by makiug a circular slice in tho apron from G.to G. Do not forgot to?give each guest some gravy. \- ROAST FOWL, TO CARVE. Ineert tho knife between tho leg'and body, aucl ont to the bone, then turn the leg baoki with .the,fork, ?and,; if "the bird is not old the joint will give- way. The'wing is next to bo cut off, and this is done in tho direction of A to B, only dividing.tho . joint with the knife. ;The four quarters. having .boen .'removed in ,this/way, .take , off tko merrythought ' and tho nook bones. -, These, last are to be removed by putting the knifoin.at 0 and pressing it, when they will break off drona tho part that sticks to th$Ä&' breast.. Next ': separate , the broast from tho body*$ff* of tho fowl-by cutting through the tender: ribs close ' to tho breast quite down to the tail. Turn now tho fowl baok upwards ; put the knife into the bone mid- way between the neck, and the ramp, and on raising the lower end it will separato readily.',.Turn tho rump from you, and tako off very neatly the two side bonos, which completes tho operation. '.. Tho breast and wings aro considered tho best , parts of a roast fowl ; but in young birds tho legs are the most juicy. , In the case of a capon or.largo fowl slioos may bo cut off tho breast. ?. . Serve round stuffing.and gravy. A boiled fowl ÍB carved much in the same way as, a;roast fowl.-- ' .? ? ; - . ? ;.???.? ?>-? ? < SIRLOIN OF BEEF TO CARVE. I 'Cut with one good firm stroke from end to endfof tho joint at the upper portion, making the cut very olean and even from B to A. Then disengage it from the hone hy a horizontal cut exactly to the bone H to I,! ußihg the tip of tho knife, serving with eaeh slice a.little fat from A. Many persons cut tho under side whilst hot, not reckoning it so good' cold ; but that is a'matter of taste, and so is the mode oE carving it. The best way is to remove the fat E, which ohops up well to make puddings, if not eaton at table. Then the under part can be cut as already described from end to end, F to G, or downwards- as shown by tho marks at J J. . -,J,: ? HAUNCH OF MUTTON TO CARVE. In carving a haunoh of mutton make an incision from A to B with the point of the knife rather up- right, then cut slices down the joint from Ato (J. After a few slices are cut the gravy will settle in the meat, and a little can he poured over each slice with a spoon. Take care in carving the haunoh not to let the gravy ran out of the joint into the dish. Messrs. Ghost and Co, have fitted the É.M.S. Mararoa with their patent climax' lira extinguishers. When a barber seeks to make himself sociable with a customer in the chair, he is probably " scraping an acquaintance." - : <.'?/ ? At Manly, Dr.' and- Mrs.-Tibbets, with another gentleman, were returning home in the dark, '4th inst., lti ra' cab from a visit to some friends, -whon, through ,somo inexplicable mistake;"* the vehicle .got'Ho a precipice oh tho roadside. -The result was that" the horse and the bab with its occupants were thrown over the lodore with considerable violence, a distance of about 15ft. ' Strange1 to: say, although a wheel of the cab was caught in ^the limb of a tree, whore the vehicle was suspended in mid-air in a most extraordinary manner, none of the occupants nor the animal sustained any injuries of a serious nature. ? ? ???? ! ' : - ?:;^A%. 