CHAPTER XXVI.— A MORNING VISIT. Early the next morning May and Paul set off together over the snow .to Tobereevil. Paul would not go alone. He had a fancy that the miser would be Dromtiated bv the sight of May's charming figure,' in a little red cloak and white knitted hood. May, who was not so sanguine, went much against her wish. She had a dread of the old man who had been the ogre of her childhood, and she did not believe in bis sew freak. ' She found it ' hard that this change should have come just as.Paiil was making himself happy over the prospect of a ample and an unambitious 'life:' Yet she went to please him, trying to temper his wild expectations, and ready to cheer him if bis uncertain temper should give way to another mood. It was impossible but that both hearts should become a little chilled as they came nearer to their destination and emerged from the trees into the shadow of the delapidated mansion. Paul became pale, but he laughed and appeared in the best spirits. May was silent, and offered a secret prayer for the result of this venture, which seemed so awful. The doors were all barred up, and knocker there was none. The bell was now -broken which tttdooctioucd Tibiw'siKwderMJsMaithVs hand. To-day there was no Tibbie to come and fight with the bold ones ; it was the miser himself who came shuffling across the hall. He came and took away the bars, slowly and with diScuijy, and stood peering at them through the half-open door; a weird, aged skeleton, very pitiful, very ugly, and suspicious looking. ' Who are you ?' he asked. *' I am Paul Finiston.' ' What brings you here ?:' 'A message from my uncle, which I re ceived last night I did not intend to trouble him, but as he sent for me I am come.' ' Humph ! that is spoken like an honest man. You are welcome to Tobereevil. And who is the lady ?' ' This, lady is my affianced wife,' said Paul, drawing May's hand proudly through his arm. ' Ah, indeed,' sneered the miser. ' But I only wanted you, I did not send for your wife.' ' Oh,' said May, eagerly, ' do not be dis pleased wilh him on my account, I will go back at once. I will not be in the way.' The time had been when he would have flung the door in their faces ; but he was now in extremity, and, besides, he was greatly weakened, in his body and in his passions, since that day when Miss Mattha had been forced to fly from his presence. It might be that May's glowing face and appealing eyes touched some spot in the withered heart which was not altogether dead. At all events, he answered her with strange mildness. 'You can walk about the house,' he said, ' till our business is finished.' May thanked him, as gratefully as if she had been a tenant with a large family to whom he had granted a lease. The miser then led Paul across the hall, leaving May to find her way whither she pleased. And she noticed with another pang such as she had felt the night before, that Paul did not once turn his head to look back at her as he went Might it be that the monstrous desire of wealth of which Paul bad been so afraid, would yet so grow up within him that it would thrust her out of his heart ? She paused on a step of the gloomy staircase, stricken by the thought ol such an ending for her love. It had been so with Miss Martha; might it not be so with her ? Might there not, after all, be some dire reality in the inevitable influence of that curse which had so eaten up all virtue born into the family of Finiston ? She remembered that in the Bible there are histories of races which were cursed for generations because of the sins of some dead men. But so many had passed away since the first Finiston had sinned. ' So many generations, oh, my God !' cried Mav She prayed out of the strength of her soul for the safety of her love. Rather let him be sent away from her to the far end of the earth, than be drawn into the wretched circle round which his forefathers had travelled with weakened brains and withered hearts. Take her life, take her .health ; take even Paul's love out of her future : but save him from the evil that had overwhelmed his kin. Having thus emptied her heart of every selfish thought, courage returned ; and with it the hope that was familiar to her. After all, it was but natural that Paul should absorbed by the sudden change in his fortunes. And it was also natural that the old man should have grown tired of his dreary iniquity. It was It was coming then at last, the good time long expected at Tobereevil, and she must not be so ungrateful as to mourn for it Having con quered her short agony, she took her way bravely through the mildewing house. There was nothing to hinder her from going into any room she pleased, and Simon told her to ' walk about the house. ' The aged locks had long ago rusted from their fastenings on the doors. She wandered into noble rooms where fragments of rich hangings fluttered dolefully in- the breeie which came in through the broken windows. Ceilings that had been painted in mellow pictures siill showed some faded tints between the blotches of the damp and the scars where the plaster had dropped in dus-t to the floor. There were a few articles of weather-beaten furniture to be seen, but the rooms were mostly empty. Sncw lay in heaps on the inner ledges of the windows, and the shriek of the wind went from passage to pass age, and lamented along the corridors and up and down the staircase. There was but a little wind outside, but the crannies of the mansion of Tobereevil knew how to make much of a little wind. It seemed to May as if some bird of ill omen had made its nest under the rafters of the roof, and that he flew from chamber to chamber, from garret to cellar, for ever on the wing, piercing the walls with its shrill cry of wrath at the hatefulness of the misers of Tobereevil. Desolation, and blight, and the print of wickedness everywhere. It would be better, as Paul said, to take down the old building ; every stone of it : She sat in an old grim carven chair, standing solitary in its corner ; and she began to think for the first time of what it would be to find herself mistress of all the wealth of Tobereevil. Should she really be the lady of a great man sion, with jewels and satins, and rich furni ture, and fine pictures all around her ; with a library and a music-room, and drawing- rooms, and many servants? And should she be as happy in her grandeur, as in the little crooked parlour at Monasterlea ? How could she know ? If Paul should prove to be happy, then would she lie happy too. In the meantfine uncle and nephew had re treated to the miser's den. A half-shutter had been opened, so that they might see each other, and have light to make their bargain. The old man eyed the young one by the entering ray, as keenly as the watchman who scans a doubtful wayfarer by the gleam of his dark lantern. He was looking for the signs of the spendiifth in his nephew's appearance. But Paul was no dandy ; his dress was plain rough frieze. The miser looked grudgingly at his comfortable clothing, but there was nothing that he could exactly complain of. Had Paul come unbidden a little time ago, he would have railed at his apparel, merely because it was not threadbare ; now, he only resented silently its decency and comfort He would have threatened him for his imprudence in engaging to marry a wife ; but he spoke no more of May. He gatheied about him such dignity as- he could muster, as he sat down and leaned back in his chair, and motioned to Paul to take his seat on a little broken bench which stood opposite at the other side of the miserable hearth. This Paul did, and was conscious all through the scene which followed of a ridiculous and not very successful effort to balance himself on a seat to which a fourth leg was wanting. ' You have been abroad for some years, I understand,' said Simon. ' Do you intend to remain here, or to return where you came mm ?' ' I mean to stay at home,' said Paul. ' That is, you made up your mind to it after you got my note last night' *' No, indeed,' said Paul, ' your note had nothing to do with it. I had made up my mind to it long ago.' ' And pray what have you marked out for yourself 'to do ? Lie in wait among the hills for the old man's death, expecting to be master of all he has ?' ' To tell you the truth, sir,' said Paul, throwing back his head, ' there is nothing I have dreaded and disliked all my life so much as the thought of being your heir. I went abroad to forget it, and I came home in reality only to seek a wife. For various reasons I think it better now lo stay where I am. I have found some employment, and I am con tent to be poor. If you had not sent for me you should never, as I have told you, have seen my face.™ ' Humph !' said Simon. ' Upon my word, young man, you are very bold ! So you dread and dislike me, and don't want to be my hei«. And what if I show you the door, sir, in return for such a compliment ?' ' I have no objection, sir ; I am not anxious to stay.' And yet Paul felt himself even at the moment devoured by a r.ew hunger for the favours which this dreadful dotard held in his lean hand to give. Such ambition, however, being stili new to him, an honest shame held it in cheel;, and he still carried himself with his habitual independent bearing. l-ul ha-i 5ie been bent on pleasing the niiicr he could n-jt have spoken better. ' Very well, sir, but I have not done with you yet. It seems that there wiil l« no courtsey lost between us. What is this employment which you have got in the country ?' ' I have undertaken to manage a farm of a a tenant of yours,' said Paul, 'and I have brought a little money home wilh me from abroad. Only a little, but I'll do well enough.' ' Until the old man dies,' sneered the miser. ' Sir !' said Paul, ' I fcavc already told you ray mind. I came here to oblige you, and I will now go my way.' And he rose to his fest, burning inwardly with strange disappointment and despair. He felt that he had been made a fool of, and that he was no longer indifferent as to the old man's intentions with regard to himself. Most truly the change in him had wrought very rapidly. The shadow of his race seemed to wrap him from the light. It had descended from this old roof-tree, which he had been rash enough to place between himself add the tranquil arch of heaven ; it would depart wilh him over this threshold, which he'had been wicked enough to cross. The demon of covetousness had at last got possession of him ; and peace, and hepe, and joy were for him no more. ' Slay,' i=aid Simon. ' Not so fast, your.g ? man ! I do not want 10 Eght, but to do honest business with you. I have been cheated and played upon by knaves. I want an agent to do my work auiu:ig my tenants. I am at present all alone, without agent or servant, and I cannot get on alone, for people would over reach me. So I ask you to be my agent, to manage my business for me. I will pay you something, of course ; but money is very scarce.' Paul's passion subsided, and he bent his brows and considered ihe misers oflcr. He seemed the sport of some mischievous spirit that ruled him for the hour wilh rapidly changing niuojs, whose fitful shiftings were imperceptible to himself. His pang of dis appointment had vanished, a:id also his vision of lost contentment, ar.d he only thought now of the value of the proposal that had been made to him. It was les? than he had dreamed of while walking through the Woods of Tober eevil ; but in his present hunger for power any morsel was a boon. ' I will be glad lo do my bwt,' he answered presently. ' That is well,' said the miser, ' but you must work heart and soul for inc. And if you can make a little money for me it will be better for yourself. If you serve me faithfully and leatn thrifty habits you shall have any little penny I possess, when I die.' ' Indeed, sir !' said Paul ; and the idea of this heirship seemed to grow iato some bril liant thing that dazzled him. His head got buite giddy, and he tingled with delight. He felt himself already the' master of Tobereevil. Oaly yesterday morning he had held such a title to be the least desirable in theVorid ; but now a different humour sv.ayed him, and he craved it as if it were life. JS'o curse should ever hurt him. He was a strong, brave man, and he would use his power well. He had shuddered at a myth, and wasted his strength upon a phantom. He had come face to face with the temptation he had so dreaded all his lif ?, ani found himself as irTuoiphant and happy as a king. ' What now about that dread and dislike ?' jeered Simon, as he watched joy start sud denly into the young man's face. 'I have changed my mind,' said Paul, ' but only since you have treated me like an honest man.' When this interview was over this heir of the miser was in such a state of elation that he quite forgot May, and walked out several yards into the snow without thinking of her. And Ma}', from an upivr window, saw him thus leave the place. She was cold aud tired, but she had been \vai;in£ for him patiently. Wounded, and distraught, asd half blicd wilh vexed tears, she made her way through the rooms and down the staircases, pale as a ghost and shaken with misgivings. But Paul had come back for her, and her delight at seeing this swept away the sharp bitterness of a few minutes. Paui was in wonderful excilemant during all the walk home. Even May's bright spirit had lo get on tip-toe to be even with him. (Tote Co:i!imud. J The first thing in a hoot is the last. Why are pawnbrokers iike j ioneers of progress? — Because they arc always ready to make an advance. The dentist's epitaph : ' He is filling h?s last cavity.5 Give a tramp a coUI shoulder one day and he will come hack the next for potatoes to go with it. A TOMBSTONE in Jersey bears the following significant epitaph : * Died of thin shoes, January, 1879.' The cloud which darkens a maiden's brow is oftentimes no bigger ll:an a man's hand. An Alabama editor winds up an editorial on the corn crop with the remark : ' We have on exhibition in our sanctum r. pair of magnificent ears.' A surgeon's hospilaJ announces ? bent limbs made straight.' If it can ensure straight elbows it will do much for temperance. ' Her wasta is enormous.' ' Well, then, why don't you get her a pair of corsels ?' ' Oh, you don't understand inc. Nothing can stay extravagance.' A PROMINENT timber merchant has had his coat-of-amis painted on the pannels of his carriage, with the Latin niotlo * Vidi,' which by interpretation means ' I saw.' An exchange says. ' How shall we prevent mice from gnawing bark off fruit trees ?' Kill die mice, of course. A dead mouse never gnaws bark. Bememlei This. If you are sick Hop Bitters will surely aid Nature in making you well when all else fails. If you are costive or dyspeptic, or are suffer ing from any other of the numerous diseases of the stomach or bowels, it is your own fault if you remain ill, for Hop Bitters is a sovereign remedy in all such complaints. If you are wasting away wilh any form of Kidney disease, stop tempting Death this moment, and turn for a cure 10 Hop Bitters. If you are nervous use of Hop Bitters. If you are a frequenter, or a resident of a miasmatic district, barricade your system against the scourge of all countries — malarial, epidemic, bilious, and intermittent fevers — by the use of American Co's Hop Bitters. If you have rough, pimply, or sallow skin, bad breath, pains and aches, and feel miserable generally, Hop Bitters will give you lair skin, rich blood, and sweetest breath, and health. That poor, bedridden, invalid wife, sister, mother, or daughter, can be made the picture of health, by Amerioan Hop bitters, costing but a trifle. Will you let them suffer ? In short they cure all Diseases of thestomacb, Bowels, Blood, Liver, Nerves, Kidneys, Bright's Disease. ^500 will be paid for a case they wfll not cure or help. Druggists and Chemists keep. None genuine without a bunch of green Hops on white label and Dr. Soule's name blown in bottle Shun ail others as vile, poi sonous stufi. 