| OUJR,l»ARlSL.ETTER. (From oar own correspondent.) PariB, January 10. \- The mere rumor that Eugland washt ting out fresh squadrons for a cruise Somewhere about the Baltic-created a most excellent impression. -People felt that England was becoming herself again ; thiit the period of hesitating evasions, and humiliations had given Way fo action,'-that BisrnftrckVdictature of-Europe was about being challenged', and his boasted allian ces and coalitions pnt-to the test. Opinion wascurious to know how many of the powers would march through Coventry withi- tiim > ' ftnitffiVnr fiiA with»• him. 11 However, the - satisfactory change in the foreign policy of -England turnB out not to be true it f .will still re main neither fish, nor flesh/ rior good red herring. ' It is accepted as a matter of course, that the English Cabinet has a secret Under standing with Italy, Russia aind Turkey. Hence the desire'do know what Bi&Urarck; Would do in case, an English squadron kept'patrol ling off German ports, beyond the range of fortress guns and torpedoes, but; sufficiently close to indict "mosquito stings on German merchant vessels, and such-representatives of the navy as might rph fhe risk of being lost to sight. '* fiowever, "it" fa'-comidered certain in Well-informed circles here that- England cannot. mUCh longer put up With- the sys tematic snubs of the' Chancellor, and his studied -resolve to bend BritanCiaeyen: to his will. Bismarck is the impersonation of the German; when lowly, he is as humblh and cringing as man can be-; when he becom^B pitchforked to aaummit, noth ing can excefed. his insolence.. and. dotni natirig spirit.' . A. dapfrom 'England wonldinake Germany consider her; ways ahd he wiBe. She would hot beabletu inake-a Wax-Hcoalition against 'England. Austria would notdoliowherinthatdirec iipn despite all the theatricai.meetiugs of two or thfcee= Emperors. England: could; : let lObBe'Italy otf'the flank of Austria, and since eveiythi&gis; fair in war, Russia •might'haye sotrie frontiers to rectify. The £Uftdspectte=could be turned to account. Other elements thatEngl&nd; might count npdh'*:^troops - from Egypt and corps d'atirmbe- 'from'^British'- India. Then A1-. satiaus mightchant " The happy morn is • cOuref' Fiance would do the rest J - ; 1 The sucofessesof the Stench in Tonquin, and the* iftcrease of theirforces may likely; . lead to the tjanspaign^ 'beiog tried - through - I -the Yundh 'up-to: CaUttin. 'That-province: iwould be a betlSeSt^a^isof^SSranch de mands- ^of- indemnity, that„ Formosa— • beautiful^ only* "in hame,~* bdt how" eon-? oidered'after prospectiugj-to be relatively sterile.' "England it is said would-occupy the island df J^inan, in"thehVeht 'of the Erehctf'^settUng <'p^nihe)S|ly-i'^.:-";tilb' : Yunan. ,-^he War with \3hlna Cfhtinues not, the less 1° % disliked ; only' the op ^pbaition prCss denounce hll these* expedi tions ana colpbial^mariuwas ruinons for France. "They have pnd unchanging ob jective "concentrate ifcc* strength of* ^thh country at home; keep an Argus look out Rhinewards ; baye ho serious misun standing with England, and endeavor to keep a hold on the foreigh markets. •« Nothing so useful for organizing a riot or getting up a revolution, as a corpse. The exhibition of three dead bodies shot down in the February, 1848, outbreak, and paraded along the Boulevards, com pelled Louis Philippe, to change his name to Mr. Smith, .and -embark for England. Baidin cost Nopoleon the 111. his crown —never at any time, fixed firmly on his head. The interment of Louise Michel's mamma, "aged 78, was a veritable good chance for the'Anarchists.. They came out as.strong.as they could in the funeral 'procession,' with red banner, and a Phry gian-cap on the staff, instead of an eagle. They were the real Peep o' Day boys. Their programme does not mince matters; it plainly and simply demands thedemdli tion of society, anil the re-erection of— 'nothing onthe site. The 10,000 followers of the heihBtrh'appily "did not come into eofiisionjwith the police, due to the for bearance offke latter. Hence, all passed off qnietlyT Viie V dimrchie 1 was. the chief hurrah ; one'little girl had her ears boxed for ■ exclaiming monarchicinstead , al anarchie. The procession demonstrated these uncfimforteble truths, that neither Rochefort nor Clemenceau had the slightest influence ou the crowd,, and that the;audacity of the Anarchists would be a factor of the most dangerous nature in case of a political outbreak, or twenty four hours-chaos in Paris. . r -; Louise Michel, herself is certified as being at jastperfectly'! insane. ; Itjsthe purpeof Rochefort that supplied her/aged mother. Many'think tne- Government Committed a blunder itt noi setting Louise ; .at liberty on ijewTTear's Day." However there is much to^bfie said in favor of up holding the law, by keeping her under ' lock -and: key. - ^She has .-.fori-a: prison neighbor-Madame Gloria; fugues, and like Prince-Krapatkinevbas all the comforts, of # home in goal. ^ Thousands ,at liberty t Would-gladly exchange wiih thesejifeading anarchists. o.'-vk-r.^ ». -r- -u-:iiouv iU&sU;'' ,. France <.doesunot xdispky unyxmarkbd. hostUity - to- the' rumored: occupation* of Tripolitania by Italy. The climate.: suits Ita3ians,, wlio flcairisb in Algeria, wher& the French fail, .it is nofe the;-less.a check more, .for; the: domination,/of France sover; . all'North Africa. ai,As:for:Egyp£fvit is; now netdownasamatter: of^courseithat Eng land must >cieaui out. and Allow, the Inter L hationaliBts Jto^ucceed her.But: will-she And« ifjiishe idoes: not,, what nations iare. -Ainxores inarkedpolitical demonstration at ihelate-residence of Gambetta consisted in the vieit of >,his .Belleville electors— those-.who iremained . faithful/among-. the; unfaithful. • It.wa&weryimpressivejj;&sfche.; -Voters were; accompanied by their-wiyes and-duldreiii-Xiutherobserred^Ieory the dead- because they repose." • • • Paul Bert,atthe ceremony in; question, - laid down >that -Gambetta jconld not repose, evott dead- -lie. must > go about, -his, -genius - doinggood. .The .bid did-a dead march! ,on^ horse-back,, and- to advanfcage^r M.! £anl Delennde, • who represents-, the: dlsace aspirations of Fiance; affirmed that the lianie ofGambetta, the restoration .of ©f_-:A)Iaace,:; were synonymous ; • with patriotism. He deplored the resignation of fienCral Gampenou as war minister, whose policy was not to send Frenchmen to die in jthe swamps*>f Tpnqnin, and by the bullets pf the celestials, maiagasys, but to reserve their-precious lives for-the honorable am bition that the-whirligig of time, German cupidity, and its-doinineering spirit will doubtless bring about for his country. . The Exhibition of 1889 Commissioners pre paid to have succeeded.in' obtaining an {exchange of- the- Champ de Mars . for another military paradingground. This means -that , the- coming exhibition build willbe a fixtnre, andrhence more artistical —a thing of beauty and a joy for ever. The Municipal Conncil of-Paris will also have the .right to buy in the structure on, the conclusion of the exhibition by setting ,<pff against the price its stipulated share of liability, with the Government in case of the big- .show not proving a pecuniary success., , It * may be concluded the atructare will ultimately be devoted to a real Winter' Garden for Parisians. * Save the tower, "whose top is to reach to heaven, there appears to be yet. no practical pre parations for the 1889 Fair. Stranger Stillj; not the ghost of a project has been launched by the "promoters" of such affairs. 