CHAPTER XXXVIII. IN A DILEMMA. " I am glad, at all events, to get my jewels back,'» ' she added, as she eyed them fondly, lifting each piece with tender, caressing fingers, and recalling the friends who had given them to her. "But this money, what shall I do with it ? The hundred pounds rightly belong to me, and I shall need it ; but the other-the'interest, as he calls it-I believe-I do not want ; as for that which be has deposited in the Bank of England in my name, I could never touch a penny of it." Her eyei blazed at the thought of it, her head was thrown proudly back, and har Ups curled with derision. The hundred-pound note she put away in her purse the other she returned to the envelope containing Philip's letter, and then she fell to musing sorrow- fully, and was only aroused when Mies McAllister re- turned after a long absence, during which she had been in a continual ferment of anxiety and curiosity regarding the contents of Philip Paxton's package. Arley arose as she entered, and putting her letter into her bandB begged her to read it. Scare a tound, save the rattling of the piper as MieB McAllister turned the pages of Philip's letter. was beard in tbe room during the next half-hour. Miss McAllister BAt bolt upright by a window, with lowering brow, stern, relentless eyes, and firmly compressed lips. Arley lay wearily baok in her low rocker by the fire, her bands clasped patiently in her lap, but look- ing very pale and sorrowful. " Well, auntie, what do you think of it ?" she questioned, when the lady at last refolded Philip's confession, and handed it back to her. " That be is evan a greater rase ii than I believed him to be-and that was bad enough, goodness knows V was the grim reply, Arley lushed. She could think all manner of hard things of him herself, but it seemed very harsh when put into such ?evere language by another. " But he seems sorry," she said, hesitatingly ? " So does every criminal when he is found out, '' Miss McAllister retorted, tersely. "Do you suppose," she went on, " if Lady Elaine bad listened to him-if she had given him the slight- est encouragement, that he would ever have written you that letter t" " Perhaps net," Arley assented. " Of course he would not. He would have contin- ued to pursue his wicked, shameless career, married her, and then as ruthlessly broken her heart as be has yours if she had opposed kim in any way. It must have been that adventure with Jane CollinB whieh resulted in revealing bis craftiness, to her, and led her to bring bim up short, with a good round turn. I think I should have enjoyed being behind the scenes about that time," Miss McAllister con- cluded, with a little chuckle of triumph. " As for your money and jewels," she added, after a moment, " I told you that be stole them ; I felt it ia my bones, a¿ the saying is, and I can believe bim capable of almost anything now." " But he must have experienced something of re- morse or he never would have written all that he has," Arley returned ; his returning my money and jewels proves too-" " I should suppose he would be glad to restore them; they must have haunted him like a ghost every time he thought of, or looked at them," inter- rupted the old lady, relentlessly. " But he nied not have confessed everything ; if he had not been really humbled he probably would have kept those last worst tbin¿ to hlmself."s " Humph !" doubtless he knew well enough that you would leam all from Lady Elaine, and so made a virtue of necessity." " But she knew nothing about this stolen money and jewels, nor about biB gambling-he might have given himself the benefit of a doubt regarding those Bins, if he had chosen," persisted Arley. Miss MoAllister eyed the pretty figure opposite ber uneasily, " I hope," she asid coldly, " that you are not meditating anything so foolish as to forgive him and take him back to your favour ? I should suppose that once having released yourself from the lion's power, you would not be very eager to put your head between his jaws again," "No; I'm afraid I can't forgive him, aun- tie-" "Afraid !" was the startled interruption. " Yes. You know we are commanded to ' forgive, as we hope to be forgiven.' " Arley murmured, in a low tone. " Of course-of course ; no Christian should cherish malice, or wish evil to any one ; but this is a peculiar case. You are not obliged to wish for any special judgment to overtake Philip-you can simply drop bim altogether out of your life." " Yes ; those wretched monthB are still too freah ia my mind to admit of my wishing bim to have any part in my future," and Arley shivered slightly. But if he really feels as remorseful as his letter eeemB to iudicate, I would at least like to render bim all the credit that is his due." " Precious little is due him, in my opinion," was the severe retort, and there the matter dropped. Events crowded thick and fast upon the return wanderer, for during the next forenoon Mr. Holley, Arley's former lawyer, was annsunced. " Well, well, Mrs. Arley," be said jovially, as he warmly grasped her band, " it does my old eyes good to see you home once more. Mr. Paxton sent me up word last night that you had returned, und as 1 proposed to transact a little business for him when you carne I thought I'd settle it at once ; and you may be aurel was very glad of the opportunity to welcome you home." Arley was amazed at his words ; of course, she did not like to betray too much; so, though her e>efl were unusually brilliant, and the color in her cheeks was like a scarlet fUme.she managed to reply. " Thank you, Mr. Holley ; you know that I am glad to see you under any circumstances, for I have always considered you as one of my best friends." " You have not forgotten how to say pretty things if you are a married woman and have, travelled half world over," the lawyer returned, smilingly. "But 111 attend to business first and do my chatting after- ward, I imagine," be added, with twinkling eyes, " that my communication will not be very much of a surprise to you, but I am none the leas happy t° make it." What could be coming now, Arley wondered, clasp- ing her hands eo tightly that the nails left deep purple marks upon them for long afterward. " Mr. Paxton waited upon me some time ago," the lawyer resumed, " and told me that he had settled a sum uponyou-twenty thousand pounds-depositing tbe money in the Bank of England, and he desired that I would take charge of it, 8BI had done of your mosey in the past, any pay you the interest quarterly as before. He enid that he had made this arrange- ment so that you might have the aame feeling of independence that you used to have while he wished you to be provided for in case of any occident occurring to him. I need not tell you that I am very proud to be restored to my old position as your man' of business, or, that it is with great pleasure that I pay over this first quarterly instalment to you-Mr. Paxton notified me of yourreturn last night- and you may be sure that Ishall make prompt payments every quarter-day. I Mr. Holley reicbed forward and slipped a roll of bills into Arley's hands as he ceased speaking, She felt as if she should sink through the floor, as he crowded that money upon her. Her first impulse wes to dash it angrily back into the man's face, and bid him to carry it back to its donor. But, ehe reasoned, he was in total ignorance of the truth of her relations to Philip-everything that he had said went to prove it-and if she rejected tbe money, she would be obliged to explain why, and reveal the whole of her dreadful story. It was evident that Ml. Holley believed, as Sir An- thony had appeared to do, that she end her husband were upon the most amicable terms with each other ; and it was also evident that Philip was rigidly con* cealing everything which would tend to create any scandal, thus leaving her, as he had told her in bis letter that he should do, to take whatever steps against bim she might see fit. What should she do ? That money seemed like a live coal in her hands; and she knew, with ber present feelings, that Bhe could never use so much aB a farthing of it; and yet if she gave it back to Mr. Holley, she must give a reason, and she recoiled from rehearsing her troubles to anyone outside the family. Miss McAllister's face had grown black with wrath over this strange proceeding ; but she was obliged to hold her tongue, knowing that any interference on her part would be unseemly, at least in the presence of a third person. But tbe lawyer was walting for Arley to say some- thing, his face all smiles and aglow with heartiest sympathy for her good fortune, as he regarded it, and she knew that Bhe must make him some reply. " Really, Mr. Holley," she began, with a crimson face, " thin is a surprise to me-" " What ! Has not your husband told you anything about it ? Has he left me to enlighten you upon the subject P" interrupted the lawyer, astonished, Arley's heart leaped into ber throat. It was very hard to know just what it was best to say. " He did mention th<t he had deposited some money in the Bank of England for me ; but I had no idea that I was to receive such a sum aB you mention ; and, really," she added, with a nervous-, almost hysterical, laugh, " I have regarded myself as portionless for so long, that I fear I shall not know bow to behave, with all this wealth at my command." " I do not believe that you will have any difficulty regarding the disposal of it," Miss McAllister inter- posed, in a dry tone. " I am sure you deserve it all, my dear," Mr. Holley replied, never once suspecting the point of the vener- able spinster's remark. " There has been a sore spot in my heart ever since your marriage, that you were obliged to relinquish that snug little income to which you had always been accustomed, though I admire Miss Wentworth exceedingly, and am very happy to eerve her. But I wes always fond of you, Mrs. Arley, and I am heartily glad that you are to be independent once more, while I admire your husband for having done this thing." Arley did not reply, bat eat there fingering that huteful roll of money and wondering if she would bave strength to remain quietly in the room until Mr. Holley should get ready to go. It seemed as if she must scream, rave, wring her hands, tear her hair anything rather than sit there and listen while he extolled Philip without being able to utter one word of denunciation. It was torture to be obliged taoitly to assume that she was a happy wife, beloved and Indulged to her heart's content, when all the while she felt almost too miserable to live, " Do you know that Arley has b«come quite an artist since she went away ?" Miss McAllister asked, surmising something of her wretchedness, and hoping thus to change the subject. "No, Is that BO ?" Mr. Holley inquired, " Yes ," Arley answered, eagerly seizing upon this new topic. "I took painting lessons in both Rome and Florence, and have been quite successful. I have two pictures which Sir Charles Herbert thinks worthy of being displayed at the exhibition this year." " Indeed ! I never knew that you had any taste for euch work," replied her friend. '< I always liked to draw and paint, but never dis- covered that I bad any real talent that way until I went abroad," Arley said, with a slight flush. She wocdered what be would say if he knew how ehe had discovered her talent. " Well I shall surely go to see your pictures as scon BB they are hung,"he answered gazing admiringly at ber, and thinking what a lovely picture she herself made, sitting there in her pretty white cashmere morning-robe, with that rich glow upon her cheekB, the knot of bright ribbons at her throat, and that liny bronze slipper just visible beneath her skirts. " How proud that young chap mnst be of her !" he thought, repressing a sorrowful sigh, for he had laid his own fair young wife to rest many years before, and his home had been desolate ever since. The conversation after that drifted Upon indifferent topics, and nothing more was said about Philip until Mr. Holley rose to go, whem he remarked, smilingly : " Tell that husband of yours that I have fulfilled my trust, and that I was never happier in the per- formance of a duty before," " You are very good, Mr. Holley, I am sure, to feel such an interest in me," Arley returned, drooping ber lids to hide the strange glitter which sprang into ber eyes; nnd Mr. Holley,after Bb.iking hands with her and Miss McAllister, went away, thinking how bright the world was for some and how cheerless for others. Arley returned to the parlor after attending him to the hall, but she was deathly white now. She went and stood by the mantel, and looked thoughtfully into the fire. Mies McAllister, sitting opposite and knitting away for dear life upon a charity stocking, her mouth puckered into the hardest kind of a knot, watched her out of the cornersof her »yes. " Well, Arley she eaid at length, becoming im- patient at her silence. " Well, auntie," Arley repeated, with the same intonation. " What are you going to do about it ?-the money, I mean," with a glance at the roll still in Arley's hand. " If I could drop it in the fire and-that would end it, I would do it this instant," she answered with some epirit. " What can I do about it ?" Bhe asked, wearily. "I dontknow. I did think at first that hia letter was all a sham-that be must have heard something about the mystery of your birth being solved, and wes trying to wheedle himself into your good graces again," Miss McAllister said, without stopping to consider if such had been bis object, he bad taken a very strange way to accomplish it, by confessing so much more than was needed. " But," she added '< this income business looks a little as if he really meant to make you all the reparation ia bis power, though where on earth he evar got the money to settle on you is a puzzle to me." " You know Sir Anthony told us yeBterday that be wits overrun with bu&jness;," Arley replied. "Yes; but it would take a man a.'long time to earn twenty thousand pounds, and ha has never done tbat in tbe short time that he has been home.. No no, child, I believe he's .been gambling again depend on it bo never came honestly by it, and don't you touch it, don't you touch U," and Miss McAllister bristled all over with righteous indignation at the thought. "I am sure I have no idea oî^using it," Arley answered proudly " but what shall I do with it ? It is evident that no one mistrusts but that we are on tbe best of termB; but I cannot refuse to take these quarterly payments from Mr. Holley without giving him eome reason, and Aun de, I do not feel like doing anything to start a. scandal involving my Belf." I \- 'T " Yon have no intention of ever returning to> Philip again ?" inquired her aunt, with a keen glance at that pale, pained face opposite her. " No, auntie, I could not with my present feelings, I have been wretched ever since the day of my marriage; . barrier seemed to rise between tu immediately upon discovering that Ina was the real Arley Wentworth, and we have been almost like strangers from that hour." "Poor child ! what a ead time you have had," Mies McAlliater said, sympsthizingly. " Of course, then, if you have such a dread of scandal, you would not feel like applying lor a bill ?" Arley shivered, " Of what use would that be to me ?" she asked. " death alone would release me from my vows." ' " Well, well, you must live here quietly with na and let mattere take their course," was the gentle rejoinder; "we will do all we can to help you for* get, and you shall never want for anything while I have a pound left. " About this money," she added, a moment after, "if you don't like to refuse to take it from Mr. Holley, you can inclose it in an envelope and return .t to Philip every quarter." " Yes, I could do that-at least for the present," Arley said, with a look of relief. " Of course, after a while, when people come to see that we ara never together, the truth will leak out, and then I can stop the payments." Sbe went at once to act upon Miss McAllister's suggestion, and, with a hand that was far from Steady, Bhe inclosed the sum Mr. Holley had paid her, together with the twenty-pound note which Philip hud already sent her as interest on her hundred pounds, in an envelope, directed it to him at his chambers, and sent it off at once. That evening Sir Charles and hiB mother called, and were most cordially received by Miss McAl« lister, After introducing her aunt, Arley led Ina to Lady Herbert, saying, smil'ngly : " Th.s is the real Arley Wentworth, of whom I have told you, and whose golden slippers I wore so long." Her ladyship studied the fair face a moment, then said, aB she took the gentle girl by the hand : " Well, dear, since you had to give them up, I em sure you must have been glad to resign them to one so worthy." " Indeed I was," Arley replied, heartily, and then she presented Ina to Sir Charles, As Bhe did so, ehe noted the eager, admiring glance which the young baronet bestowed upon her, and also the faint flash which stole into the beautiful girl's cheek, and the shy drooping of her white lidl after her first glance into his noble face. " They will love each other," she said to herself with sudden conviction ; " and, ob, how wall fitted tbey are for each other-he so grand and true, she so gentle and lovable." It did indeed seem as if her prophecy was likely to come true, for Sir Cùarlss had neither eyes nor ears for any one elbe throughout his call. He hardly noticed Arley after their first greeting, until his mother arose to go;, then he seemed to suddenly remember his erraud there. " Mrs. Flixton," he said, " I have succeeded in se» curing a place for your pictures at the exhibition," " So soon ?" cried Arl«y, astonished ; but her face lighted with genuine pleasure. " It muBt be 'soon' or not at all, you know," here turned; "for it opens to- morrow." " True, I bad forgotten. How do they look ? Have they a good light ?" " The beat that tbey could possibly have. I was very fortunate, and they present a fine appearance, I assure you. "An artist," he explained, " was ex- pected to bring two very fine pictures from Paris, but a telegram was received last night stating that they had been destroyed by fire, so the places reserved for them could be given to others. I was the first applicant this morning, and so secured the vacant space." " How sorry I am for tbnt poor artist ! It must be a terrible disappointment,"' Arley said, regretfully ; then adding: "But you are very good to me, Sir Charles ; you have literally heaped favors upon ma from first.to last!" " No, no, not so bad as that, I hope," he said laugh» ing. Then, in a lower tone, and with a glance at Ina t You have conferred a favor upon me to-day. What an exceptionally lovely person Mies Wentworth is!" "Sbe is indeed-lovely in every senne of the word," and Arley bent an affectionate (¡lance upon the young girl, for whom sbe was hourly acquiring a strong attachment. "I suppose tt.Ht I-we may come to see you again ?" Sir Charles begged, with a somwhat con* ecious air. Arley laughed a low, musical laugh ; she could not help it, for very little had she had of his society during this visit, "Certiinly you moy-corni as often as you like;. and," she added, with a mischibvous twinkle in her eye which made him change colour, " I have no doubt that you will receive ii cordial welcome from every member of the family." "Thanks. When will you go to look at your pictures ?" he asked, to turn the subject. " Ju->t as sonn as I am a little reBted," Arley said with a sigh. Tbe excitement of the morning had made ber feel very languid and weary. "You are looking verj tired, and we will not tr»spas8 longer on your strength to-night," Sir Charles said, and with a band-clasp all around, he took his leave, followed by Lady Herbert. " You muBt come and et.iy a month with me, dear, just as eoon as your friends can spare you," her lady- ship whispered in Arley'a ear, and she kiseed her at parting. "You bave been with me solong,end I have learned to love you so well, I miss you sadly." " Th\nk you,"' Arley returned, with trembling lips, " I do not know wh.it would have ever become of me but for you.** "Some other fortunate individual would have seoueed your companionehip, end I should have missed a great deal out of my life," responded Lady Herbert, cheerfully ; and then, with another kiBt, followed her son to their carriage. (To be continued)._ 