Odd Notes. By a " Bohemian." -The prospoot of war between England and Russia being declared any day, or any hoar fa the matter of that, has boon tho idl-abvntbj fopio of tho week. Everybody is talkingofit, nnd as tho probabilities of such.an outbreii soeni to inoreaso day by day, tho serionsnestl tho impending danger forces itself upon th attention of all classes in a very marked maata. A very uoticoablo thing is that there is nothing now hoard of that cock-a-doodlo.do^ craving on their own dunghill which was indnlgtdfc so freely by some of our holh'eoso follow colo nists a few weeks ago, when tho sending cl a New South Wales Mntingent first ercitid the:war fever. If it is necessary for o-» citizen soldiers to fight, I have no doubt in ej own mind that they will do so as British sol diers almost invariably do, but if the whole force was polled at tho present moment I drt hazard a bet that nino out of every ton would vote in favour of the Russians puttiag off their invasion of. these shores until next year, or the year after, so as to: give them time to Ion their drill and bo bettor prepared to engaged enemy. Not that"-, there is much dangs of an invasion by tho Russians. The latter will' want till their spare tid dlers on the frontiers of Afghanistan, aid tlieir sailors will bo too much occupied in looking out for and keeping out of the wa; of British warships to oomo fooling round Australian ports. The greatest injury likely to be done to these colonics by such am would bo the stoppngo or partial stoppaged trade between hero Bnd Europe, nnd then straining of enterprise in all directions, which may lead to a financial crisis. But the most remarkable thing in connection with theu citement is that tho M'Hwraith party in already trying to make out that if our Colonial Treasurer is not responsible for the war, heia clenrly and undoubtedly responsible for a:.T injury it may infiict upon this colony through not ^floating thort-?.n million loan and get ting' ", the ten millions safely lodged in | tho Brisbane hanks at call. This, it is said, 1 with as much truth as wisdom, would hate I enabled this colony tooarrv on splendidly aJ through the war without fooling any ill effects therefrom, i How our Colonial Treasurer vu to perform such an unheard of financinlfeat; ,whero tlie money could have all bocu put fa safe keeping if ho had pcrformod it; where to interest on such an enormous sum was to cons (from while the money was lying idle; sd how any considerable portion of it cooM be profitably expended for another ye« ff .more, seeing1 that there is a million odd edD available out of the old loan, are insigniHcis'' ^questionsof detail that these objectors do td i condescend to discuis and explain. I; ' • • i Bat notwithstanding tbo wars andrunoan of . wars with .which tho very air seems thick just now, the Premier, the Colonial Trea surer, and the Minister for Ludi, have been gallivanting off to Maryborough to celobrato the. election of tlio Hon. B* B. Moreton, and cement afresh thdbood<of union beirret'n the Ministry and the WideUst and Burnett "bunch/1 if tlio thingbeat^I possible. Any lovo the bunch miy ha»ef<s the present Ministry' is, X fancy, mostly "cop* board love/'and their gratitude, and thossiof the people they ropresent, is a lively wnse ri favours to como,. which for convenience th?y call "just claims,"-but ibis is nothing new®* strange, and not by any means peculiar to tto* part of the colony.. Moreover, tho pre^" Ministry is regarded as a moro squeezable than tho last, if thoy; arc only manipulate >° tho right way, and Sheridan and Annoirkn®* how to work tbo oraclo as well an hero an there one. What is wanted just now—hsv*®? seen rod a railway to Gympio, another to & Biirrum, for the sole benefit of a few Pr^'* coal mine proprietors—is to get the directive from Maryborough to Gayntlah comrnenw^ with nil speed, before tho lino from to Brisbane is undertaken, to have timber regulations abolished, and a import duty imposed on tiinl>er from otiUi - ; the colony; to have tbo Mary river drtslg1 I and a few other little mutters' of that * ^ fixed up and made socuro. Tlio Minister ^ Works did not go up, which is to bo rsgrett perhaps, bcomi&o; he could havo roudonr assistance to tho Premier in the way of; ing and answering deputations, und would htivo thrown a little life nntl the whole business. If my old frjb shines in one thing moro than a^oa ] tho happy way ho has of meotin^ about railways and railway :'nddlj undertaking of Inoal public we the tioular locality which be IhieUil) afford to wait, Then tho spr11®0^ 00 ■ made at tho banquet would, I venture to say, have been quite a different kind of a speech to the ono wkioli the Colonial Treasurer made. It is a thousand pities Miles did not go up to tho Maryborough celebrations. All my speculations about what the Hon. George Thorn would do in Parliament when ho tookhisseatasjnomber for tbo Burnett have been rudely upset and rendered utterly .worthless by a simple little accident. Thoro was not enough votes polled by the Hon.: Georgo's supporters to got him returned. How it happened has not been explained, and perhaps is not explain able in any mahnor that would bo quite satis factory to him. But tho ugly fact remains all the aamo. Moroion licked him by just two to . ono at tho polls. Surely there were a sufficient. number of names on tho Burnett roll to Havo made a hotter show than that. Toara ago the hoa. gentleman would have managed a ma jority oasily enough out of jsuch a roll, and with 'proper arrangements. Certainly the polling places are rather wido apart, and it. appearsj from what I hear, that Moreton's scrutineers were keeping a sharp lookout for dead and absent men. Still there were several polling places within. riding distance from 9 until 5 o'clock last Friday, and if all my young friend's supporters had acted on tho time-honoured electioneering maxim to "poT early and poll often," he wouldhavotriumphed overMoretoh, and his beaming. countenance would have again been seen in the Legislative As sembly. How is it? Has; his right hand lost its cunning in the electioneering lino ? Hob the Honourable Goorgo's political star set—gone down for over from the Queensland firmament ? It looka very much like it. An old friend gavo mo a list the other day of Queensland politicians -who, during the past twenty years, started as Liberals, mode a very fair show of becoming: leading men, ratted to the other side, and have dropped completely out of the running in consequence. There were just a level twenty names on the list, and j if I were to publish it, which would not be fair, and in somo cases would bo cold-blooded cruelty into tho bargain—you, my intelligent reador, if yon have been in the colony for tho time mentioned, would say at once that, with the exception of the Hon. George, not one of those men stand a ghost of a chance of ever representing a Queensland constituency again. Is the Hon. George an exception r . : The flutter in our legal circles as to .who was to be appointed judge in the room .of the late Mr. Jnstico Pring is all over. The Govern ment had a "dark horse," to use a sporting phrase, whom they brought forward at the last moment, and he won in a canter. The Hon. C' S.Mein, late Minister for Public Instruction, is tUe luoky man to whom the prize has been awarded. I have no objection myself. I have known C.8. for a good many years now, and he ■ is not by any means a bad sort. I think he will be able to maintain tho dignity of the position in a becoming manner. If I did object to tho appointment it would amount to about tho s i mo thing I suppose, but that is neither hero nor there. My only feeling is one of deop sorrow and profound sympathy for the junior barristers hore, whom this appoint ment has cruelly injured. You see there are about four leuding barristers in Brisbane, who nab all the big prize briefs. Griffith gets the lion's sharo and after him Pat Boal. As the political position held by Griffith made it some ■what unreasonable to expect that ho would take tho vacant feat on tho judicial bench although by rights ho ought to hayo dono so— his clear duty wus to givo it to Real, and thus leave a chanoo to some of the juniors to come in and secure a share of his lucrative praotico The whole thing, from a junior barrister's point of view at nil events, is so clear and simple that tho wonder is Griffith did not eeo it and act upon it at once. How would ho have liked it when ho was u junior barrister. I should like to know ? And ho nlway pretends to havo such a profound regard for tho otiijuetto of tho profession, toi! Rut this is a cold and hollow world after all. Tho very first ohanco he hud of demonstrating his regard., for tho profession to which he belongs ho just went and appointed a solicitor as Puisno Judgo and left all tho barristers, senior and junior, out in the cold. I oall it little better than ft deliberate insult. Tho puhlio who havo to do business ut tho Supremo Court may, and probably will, be as satisJied with Moin as with Pat Real, or oven rather luuro sobut what havo the public to do with a purely professional quostion like this? Echo answers, What, indeed ! or words lo that effect. Tub Por.tor. Macustiucy of Tuuksiut Island. —At tho Cabuiot Council, on Monday, the Hun. «T. Douglas, C.M.G., wns appointed Government rosidout and Polico Magistrate at Tuur?iUy Island; and Mr. Chestor has been transferred to Goraldton. CUnrxxr Council.—On Mondoy ft Cabinet CmmcU was. hohl at tho Colonial Secretary's Oflldo Tho Ministers present wero: Tho Hon. 8. W. Griffith, tlie Hon. 0. 8v Mein, tlio Hon. 0. B. Dutton. tho Hon. A. Hull edge, nod tlio Hon. J. R. Dickson. Tho ohiof sub ject for co/isidomtiori wns tho do fences of tlio W'lony, and the best mode of preparing for a posaiblo uttack by aij enemy* 