ctju naiI gmnsnIpn1 : ?vat gratis advice: is usually good for, -Nothing. Man' is like a''potato--never sure when he will get "irito hot'water." A popular anthor'was murdered lately by a' recitetrat a suburban coridcert. The nearer a lady's.waiit resembles a time. glass, the faster is the sand of her existence ebbing away. Would' it be ;correct English to calla bad 'man malevolent,, or a bad, womanfemalevo. lent : A constable has been found on his beat when wanted. ' Yes, but'he was too drunk to hnforce he- "move'on'" clause, even over himniself. " Yod're l raystoo tight for one. to notice you,".said a m'sther's.pedal coverings (I mean canoes) to the unmentionables,. '' Tosayth. leastof 'it, you're very.pointed," was the re. tort. For mathematicians only.-If a baker' wages are 30s; per :week,what should be the pay of a.good loafer, 'who 'has been' bred to the profession ? Answer to be' in' befo? ye(a)sterday. A New South Wales friend writes to say that, since the " contingent' has come back, the policemen have not' had a ghost of a show with the Marys, Susans, Janes, etc. Nothing:less than a soldier will suit a biddy now-a-days. 'It is said that if the elephant had the kick. ing. power of the grasshopper in proportion to his: size, Jumbo could kick a man from Liverpool to New Ydrk'with one kick. This may be so ; biit 0ve don't believe there is one man in a hundred but would prefer to pay and travel' by steamer, even though the trip did consume seven days' more time. 'Mrs. Winks : " It's a pretty outrage, Mlr. Winks. The idea of inviting those gentlemen to 'dineier'when you knew the house was full of company. Why it will' make thirteen at table." ,Mr. "Winks: "Surely you are not superstitious absout that.' Having thirteen at table won't worry' me in the least." Mrs. Winks: "" Well,'it will when you see the joint." SShe wore a perforated dress, The.goods were very thin ; In fact, the Waist and sleeves were cut To fit tight as the skin. Gawedge asked her for a parting kiss, And told her that " she must," When she replied : "Oh, Gaowdge, I can't; MIy sleeves and waist'll bust." A writer' in ,a medical gazette gives the following lucid, ekplanation of the pheno. meson of ;a lady's blush: "The mind comn municates with. the central ganglion ; the latter, by inllex action through the brain and facial nerve, with the organic nerves in the face, 'with whichl its branches inoculate." The. explanation beats Dr: Johnson's cele. brated definition of network : "Anything reticulated or discussated at equal distances, with interstices between the intersections." One of the Sydney contingent, on being pestered with the usual question of his ex perience in the Soudan, and being much wearied by a constant repetition of the same old story, invariably cut the questions very short indeed. Last week he was button. holed as usual, and after a long string of "cross questions; was asked What he thought of the country. ". Did you meet with much hdspitality there 1" asked the inquisitive one. .Yes,? hb replied; " a great deal indeed. I vas in the.hospital the whole time." .An 'extract from a letter- from one of the fever-stricken unfortunates who returned :from the.Soudan is-somewhat amusing in its way. After relating his experiences at some length,'aid dwelling somewhat sarcastically uioth the "patriotic " side of the question, te remarks :-" Well, I left Sydney for the good of my country, I have been bled (by the doctor) for my country, and I think, b' apP pearances, I'll soon be able to say I've died for the good of my country too." We notice, in the recent billiard match at Adelaide, the biggest break ever made in Aus tralia was accomplished. Up to that time the divine. Bridget, who superintends the culinary department of our magnificent domestic establishment, had achieved the best orn record, and we had grown quite used to dining off plates and dishes tastefully em bellished with Irish breaks, but we intend to furnish a new supply of crockery shortly, and are quite willing to wager that Grey's break of 491 will be totally eclipsed. M:any people have enquired of us if we had made any observations on the recent eartih quake. ''We did not notice it. We were at the time engaged in an energetic discussion with the wife of our'bosom as to the advisa bility of promenading up and down the chamber of repose (1), accompanied by the least and latest addition to our already nume rous family. We maintained that the oc cupation was unnecessary and inconvenient, as the fire was out and the night cold. Our persistence was, however, in vain, and angrily we performed the unwelcome task; and ohiat with our quotations from the cew Testa menti and our wifels irreverent remarks on the use of bad language, and our cruelty in general, we believe we missed the earth qnuake.' That there is a proper time and place to sneeze, both when it can be profitably done, is evidenced by the conduct of a young ensign, poor and friendless, of the English army. He was once attending a grand ball and stood near an immensely fat duchess. She inadvertently uttered an enormous sneeze-in fact, asnort, calculated to bring uipon her the ridicule of the assembled guests. The young ensign took in the situation. re echoed the refrain, and grasping his nose as if to throttle the sneeze rushed from the room, leaving the guests to suppose that he was the offender. The next day he received a captain's commission from the duchess's husband, 'ith a line from" the madame that ." It was an ill sneeze that 'did nobody any good." Why does one only see lists of new insol rents in the dailics Are there no old in. eolvents Ifancy so, 