JOHN JOURDAN. A Romance of American College Life. I am sure that a story of John Jourdan and Kate Sands cannot be oommonplaoe and this certainly emboldens me in stale where one of th8 parties, myself, was callow college junior in love. I am the mqrE emboldened, too, because this uninteresting love affair is not the principal motive, Playwrights make quick work of putting before 00 the first situation, and profiting a moment by their methods, I may write down the dramatis persona ; Kate— but I mistake playwrights have never had the eallaut-y to )0t the ladies first— John Jonrdan, orphan- myself, in love with Kate Sands ; Kate Sande' in love with I may mistake again if f pat her down in love with me. Let me say simply that she was making a visit to the soene of the story — my college town— -and that we both had oeen long ana pleasantly anticipating our reunion. An inventoriai description of a heroine hag never yet had tbe merit of making itgelf remembered. I will only say of Kate that she was formed for contradictions. Her lin8 were clearly cut, her eyes full of dignity, and the shape of her mouth one which indicates an owner equal to tbe world ; in revenge, she had a nose which, in infancy mast have been charmingly snub, and ehe waB petite and volatile. Her father was French, her mother an American. They were dead, and she now lived with wealthy foster parents, whose dufy it was to spoil her in retnrn for hergtaeiousnesB Very likely I was thinking of Kate one afternoon, sitting in my boarding-bouee window, and looking out on the muddy, deserted street, when there came in view a horse and open buggy with two passengers. They Btopped in front of my window and gave me an opportunity of observing them closely. The horse was a nondescript in the way of country horses, the buggy nonde- scriat among old buggies, and an old man who drove had, to my eye, no individuality among poor old men. If a sufficiently v&cae; and unmeaning comparison can he found for nondescript things, they looked like dusty old ghosts who had hidden away eo long in some, damp place that the duet had moulded on them. But the second passenger, who began to alight, was very different. His cheeks were flashed with health and vigour. As he stepped down, I Faw that he was lame, and, in my broad way I extended him a ready sympathy. He went to the back of the buggy and took out a bundle of books, said good-bye to the shadowy old man— cheerily I coald see, although I could not hear— and limped throogh tbe gate to the house. The nondescript home started up by degrees and took its load of antiquity out of eight. The young man rang — or rather, I expected him to ring ; in fact, he knocked, and that right vigorously. Then I lost eight and sound of him until I heard the people mounting the stairs and entering the room opposite mine, it was the landlady with tbe new boarder. I heard thr enthusiastic tones of the former, but nothing in response, and, shortly, the matron departed, calling oat as ehe went, in a sweet society voice which deceptively spoke of better days, that 4 Our dinner iB promptly at one.' I have spoken of my broad sympathy— say instead, a yonng man's affectation of that quality for his own sentimental pleasare, and one knows in what strain I thought of the new boy. That he must now bo lamenting his loneliness ; that he was coatem plating the long road to the ambitious end he had thought of attaining, and as all its hard incidents crowded upon his imagination, the way that he bore them eeemed hopeless. 4 Poor fellow,' I said, in my beautiful, junior way, 4 there is a chasm before him ; odIv time oan carry him across, and time mocks hope as well as memory.' There was an oddly-sounding step in the hall, and then a quick knock at my door. By the time I said 4 come in' the rosy-cheeked young man had entered. Without a wordhe came forward and gave me a oard. On it m printers' script was the name of 4 John Jourdan.' I looked np to see if there was any other ceremony he wished to perform, bathe, evidently considering the introduction formally concluded, limped over to the window and began to build on the 'ail foundation of aoqnaintanoe he had laid hy remarking that it waB a nasty day. I agreed, and he langhed and took a chair. 'It'll be rather slippery for me tovsik down town this afternoon, won't it!1 ha asked this as if, from long familiarity wits him, I was a judge of his capabilities. ' 1 m going to the examination. Are there studenH in all these rooms ?' 4 Yes; two in some.' 4 Any beginners ?' 4 No , I believe not. , 4 I'll be lonesome, won't I?' The prosper of solitude did not seem to especially deprew him, and he continued— 'I suppose a boy feelB very proud when be is near graduation. I was a tittle surprised at tbe manner 01 this question ; it was as if he took survey 01 the world and smilingly noted a petty thing. In what then did duty with me as j a coi®» repressive tone, ft replied — 4 1 don t kno that they are unduly high-blown.' , He did not contend that they were s when he had spoken a few moments on less dangerous subject took his Un called him a oharaoter. In the two case 1 when there is nothing about a person to understood, and when there is nothing we can understand, we call the person oharaoter,' and tranqniliee our vanity. After dinner the yonng man came in ag"' cheerful and brisk, and announced tha was about to go down to the examinati He seemed to say, 4 1 am at the h6.00!? the storied ladder,' and to enjoy the m" as keenly as he would a travel in . lands..; I ladfeW Et his humorous wf? taking things, and then he laughed as « fancy were my own. . , . M af When he left, looking back with a toss the head, and with hie oane making a 9 J accompaniment to his queer paoei B aroused my interest sufficiently to ®a ®nrB fl look forward with some anxiety to B tearing that he waB to lose his iighthca nesa. I knew nothing of his attsinm B except that I was sure toie wee bis first e a a large school, and he was far from 08 . the studious, reserved air of one who tat0 5 1 lack of means has pursued his studies in irivate. I saw that h« was poor, Evidently, then, be was one who had not yet learned how many hardships come with poverty, nor hDw many real discouragements lie in the r0ad to the consummation of a working education. It was 5 or 6 o'clock in the afternoon when 1 beard the pegging sound again in the hall. The young man went into his own room, and I believed that, being alone, he would give himself over to a fit of despair ; hot it was only a moment before he crossed and knocked at my door. When he entered I eaw that he was as brisk and cheerful as ever o . -r . , ' Well, are you in asked. He was thinking of something else, but after a little start from his subject to mine he answered in the affirmative. Then he would have thought no more of it and have reverted to his original topic, but loon tinued, Now you are on the light road. When you are near graduation you will be proud, too. This was a little rebuke for bis lightness of the morning. ' Well, I'll be glad to find myself proud,' And this was his simple conciliation. Who iB the bald-headed man with side whiskers and the long coat ?' ' The President.' He kept rubbing his spectacles. I think he has as bad a time to eee as I do to p6g around.1 Those are his new gold eye-glasses. New gold eye glaBees are very handsome, bnt they demand a great deal of rubbing and adjustment.' There was that delicious twinkle in his eyes for which 'wink is but a poor and barren word. He had no inclination to be saroaBtic himself, but it seemed in aooordanoe with the whole disposition of his mind to regard the worid as a pretty oomedy. He thought no evil of the college President that he was pompous and vain — that was this particular President's part. He thought no wrong of me that 1 upheld the seriousness of a junior's rank — that was my part. He did not complain that he himself was half a cripple ; he pegged around over the stage fur his seven parts and gave himself the pleasure of regarding the figure he out from a disconnected standpoint. Nobody com plains of an actor on the soore of his role , and bo Jourdsn oomplained of nobody. Of course I did not fathom him even to this depth on the first day. It is so difficult for one to < omprehend that an inferior has such digmfvicg attributes as traits of character. Ad uinjy officer condescendingly notices of a recruit tbat he is tall or short, well or baaiy drilled ; bat let him be the most constant student of human nature, when did he ever go to the ridiculous extent of asking, ' Ie such a recruit kind and generous ? Has he a sunny disposition V or, What are Tomm> Atkins's whims and fancies ?' There are plenty of men whom we never think of ae human beings, and when sometimes we try to write of them (for the pleasure of those who are human beings) we find our selves slightly at a loss. Alter study hours at night Jourdan oame in again, and, with inexhaustible vitality, ttemed as much interested in seeing the day's larce at its close as at its height. He incidentally wondered if he had his next day's lesson well enough, and, at my sug gestion, went lor his book that I might hear him recite. I was thinking how hard the first lesson in the Latin grammar bad seemed to me, and pitying Jourdan that, with his unschooled mind, it must prove even harder, I when he returned and put a Livy in my I hand. I looked up in amazement. ! That's where I have to begin. It seems a long wsy back, doesn't it ?' Oh, no.' (With a suddenly-remembered nil admirari. circumflex. Have you read the preface ?' He had not, and as it was marked for him to learn, I had the scholar's satisfaction cf telling him that it wbb the hardest thing in the book. I read the page with him — he was ahead of me half the time — and found that he was naturally learned in words and constructions. It needed but a hint of some familiar form or the knowledge of a word's primary signification, and he understood at oDoe any meaning that distant connection had given it. When he came to a phrase especially obsonre, it was enough for him to push away his hair, throw back his head, and smilingly lOok into the air as if he were studying butterflies, then he immediately Ehrupged hie shoulders, and made the trans lation. When, later in the evening, I returned his ! numerous calls, I found tbat he had had the I singular taste and boldnesB to take np the I Livy again and read beyond the lesson. '1 1 wanted to do Bomething,1 he explained, in | answer to my laugh, ' and I couldn't trouble I you again. Pretty old news to read, isn't it ?' I 4 That is not the point ; the news is no older than it will be when you come to it by unavoidable necessity ; but it is a terrible habit to fall into — this reading ahead of your lessons. There have been Presidents of the United States who began no worse.' _ j He was a delightfnl hearer of jests ; with out impeaching his taste he was able to laugh whether they were good or bad. 1 When my trunk comes to-morrow I shall have something else to amuBe me. Can you go on with vour work just as well if I sit with you a little while after it comes?' Naturally I did not comprehend the relation between the arrival of his trunk and 1 his sitting with me, bnt a privelege asked of a junior by a freshman is a privilege granted. I, therefore, replied with much courtesy that I would be glad to see him. | He brought with him the next day, on this i anticipated oall, a deal lap-board, a sheet of drawing paper and some pieces of charcoal, handling them as easily as a musician his violin. All the explanation he offered of this tremendous appearance was to say, 1 11 make a picture of yon for my room.' Then you are an artist ? It ib very fitting —art and the classics have ever gone hand-ui- hand.' A junior ie always intent on Bhooting folly as it flies, especially if it is some old, extinct tolly whioh has been rescued from time and stuffed tor exhibition. Perhaps with a few more terms of Latin you will be able to write " Jourdan feeit" at the bottom of yonr pictures and show yourself a man of singularly extensive learning.' 4 Delineavet'e a good word. Then he went at hie work, sketching in, robbing the of WhL bl" BBa off with It bit wm nuking worthless pictures " omoeement as suitable lor youne 0hU?ran "Mohool. I gave him t!::h6ed' ?nd Presently seeing a friend 6 8treet beiow. abruptly left fe£aa,0!n6d.hBr- Ab wb wbU«& away, « xt- ? ps from the open window. 10®"E8 fiirl,' he volunteered, when I returned. 'Who is she?' Her name is Miss Sands.' 4 Does she live here ?' 4 She is staying here.' , IwiU know her, won't I? I like ner. bhe hasn't an inoedit regina walk, but a good deal prettier one.' I thought he must have the same unhappy admiration for a graceful gait whioh a poorly-built m&n; gives to the statue of a Greek athlete. I hope she will stay here for a long time. Come ana see what yon think of the picture.' 4 1 had not given the affair importance enough to frame any expectations of hiB work, but when I loot ed at it I met with a surprise. He had the hair and the upper part of the face shaded in, and it was almost well done. In anBwerto my questions, he said i hat he had learned to draw from a lady school teacher at home, and he explained that all the skill consisted in ' beginning at the top and working down, so as not to blot anything.' 4 Bnt what do people say of your draw ing?' , 4 They don't mind ; I oan waste all the time I please.' 4 You have talent.' 4 1 can't write fecit yet. I draw everybody. There is one piotnre that I would like to make ; if that girl iB going away I'd like to make a picture of her.' He had a oomioal look of entreaty on his face, but he was anxiously in earnest for approval. I was enthusiastic over his work, and promised that he should go with me to oall and ask the privilege tor himself. Kate would aeteem me for my kindness to the boy, and he waB suoh an innocent genius that she could not but be entertained. Besides, it wsb very agreeable to me to have an artless, appreciative objeot of my conde scension. We set out in the afternoon and found Kate at home. I sent in my card — con sidering Jourdan a mere follower — but before I knew of his design he had added his script one. That was a little mortifying. We waited in the drawingroom, an apartment whioh I thought well fitted to impress Jour dan with the importance of my friends, but also to make him very ill at ease. He had been accustomed, I now know, and then supposed, to whitewashed walls, bare floors, and the plainest of furniture. Here the walls and ceiling, painted a milky white, were relieved, or rather, I should say, intensified, by a wide oornice of gilt; the floor was spread with a rich, soft carpet, pale, with sprawling roses ; in one corner stood a granc piano in rosewood ; between the windows in front, furnished with inner blinds and lace curtains, was a marble-topped table, strewn with books in coloured bindings ; littie brackets on the wallB supported small pieces of statuary, and tableB here and there bore larger pieces. The furniture, finely carved, was upholstered in blue satin, then in the lateat mode. Altogether it was a room whioh would have appeared luxurious to one far less experienced than the country boy now tor the first time in anything but the barreneB of homes. Encouraging him by example, ! I was emphatically commonplace, and at my i case ; to my surprise he was at his ease without being commonplace. If his ready- made, ill fitting garments Buffered by contrast they only set off the better the frankness and bo dnese of his faoe. His lack of con straint was not so strange either. He was one of those whose fancies surpass reality. No doubt, sitting in a wooden chair at heme he had often built palaces tor himself, and waB perfectly familiar with their magnifi- cenoe. Kate had a strange expression when she I oame down — she was wondering, I thought, I who could be my friend with the peculiar card. Jourdan rose to receive her. He was I beaming with pleasure at meeting the | 1 pretty girl,' and before I was through my I explanatory introduction he had put out his I hand. Sho took it unhesitatingly. When I she drew out an easier seat for him — quiokly I mindful of his misfortune — he was much I moved, and stood for a moment looking I down at her, in silent enjoyment of herkind- I nees. Evidently she was as ' good ' as he had thought her. I did not wish him entirely overlooked in the conversation that followed, but if I imagined that he must be led, I was quiokly undeceived. He talked to Kate more easily than he had to me. Do you think it was pretty bold of me to want to know you ?' he asked, after a time. I thought you wouldn't mind having one friend more.' Then they went on j and chatted together like children. I Probably the call would have been un eventful— I do not know what else could have turned matters into the same channel had there not occurred what I am about to set down. Kate sang us a French song. It delighted Jourdan, and when it was done he burst I out in admiration : — I «I never heard anyone sing and play before,' he explained to show how his pleasure was heightened. ' I wish you could have begun with a better performer. But truly, did you never hear anyone sing and play before ?' No one except a girl who lives near me at home.' I thought that by his odd way of de scribing her performance he might entertain us and partially atone for his ignorance of a common accomplishment, but he added only, She has never had a teacher.' Kate gave us the song again, and Jourdan divided his time between watching her I fingers and listening to the music. Isn't tbat one of the best songs there are ?' he asked, when she was through. Kate laughed. 4 1 shall play you every- ' thing I know if you flatter me in this way.' I< j suppose that I am an able flatterer.' 4 1 am afraid you are.' There is one thing I want to ask, if I may the words— aren't you English V ' 1 don't know ; but English girls sing French songs.' It was kind of her, and adroit, to put be- lore him the name of the language she had i sung in so that he might not blunder. She ( made me no party to the craft, and that was ( rind, too, although I did not think that her j consideration for him need have excluded me from her confidence. 4 But very often | the singers know very little of a lan- guage except what is in the song.' 4 Then they only learn for ' 4 For show, exactly.' Jourdan blushed. 4 You know more than the song.' 4 Yes ; I am something of a French woman. It is no credit to me that I know more. But if I had to acknowledge that I j was only a pretender, wouldn't you have been very sorry that you forced me to such a confession V A narrow escape. 4 1 am glad you are French,' he said, as if making the best of it. I believe I had rather — talk to you in French.' What were we hearing ? Kate's face was written over with astonishment, bat with an ther emotion, too. Jourdan wondered what new error he had fallen into, and looked from one of us to the other tor a solution. 4 Do you mean tbat you speak French — that you can speak it now ' aBked Kate, in | a moved voice. 1 4 Oh, is that it ? Why, yes ; I'm a Frenoh- 1 man.' He was greatly relieved. I Kate turned entirely away from the piano I and looked at him. He looked, in return, pazzled at her change. I ' Are you in earnest — are you Frenoh ? ' I 4 Yes, truly.' 4 Are— is — . Tell me about yourself.' 4 What oan I tell you ? ' 4 Where did you come from? ' ' Waterford.' It was the name of a town ship near at hand. How long have you lived there ? " 4 Since I was little.' 4 Your father and mother — are they — ? ' She seemed to dread the answer and to delay it. 4 Are they ? ' Living.' 4 My father isn't.' 4 And your mother ? ' He made words with his lips. He could j not refuse her, but the answer waB not for j everyone. Afterwards I learned what it was — that he did not know. ' Warned by this, Kate made her questions more guarded; but Jourdan, as far as he knew it, had nearly exhausted his history. He lived with his uncle ; his father's name was Emilie. Of his mother, he whispered, he knew nothing — his uncle knew nothing. I thought these very profitless interroga tories, and whatever her own object in them, Kate soon comprehended that they were strange, and allowed us to terminate our oall. But Jourdan was to 86e her the next day. Before we left she even went to the length of inviting him to an evening recep tion that her aunt, whom she was visiting, was to give her two days from then. This I did not like. I thought that Kate and I had already done enough for him. To be sure it was not necessary, as with an older and different man, to wait a fuller knowledge j of his antecedents, but yet in favouring an unpractised boy, there is al ays the pro bability that the favours will not be appreciated, and that when he develops from his raw state, he may show him self unworthy of them. Jourdan, in private, was very charming with his modesty and his unlooked-for accomplishments, but at a re ception, where only his orodeuess would appear, be would be quite out of place. I determined that he should not go, and when I thought of the matter, there soon occurred to me a means of keeping him away. In my device, I founded myself upon his sensitive ness, and more upon his regard for Kate. It would only be neoessary to point out to him that he oould not, with his no doubt limited wardrobe, make an appearance fitting the occasion. On the evening of the reception I went into bis room for a moment to put my plan in execution. He was in high spirits. Kate — Miss Sands,' he began, 'says she will give me as many dances as she gives anyone, and sit with me while they last. She is very good to me. Yon remember what an interest she took in me day before yesterday when we were there. To-day she was just the same. " Don't think that anything is going to happen," she said, " tor vcu will be disappointed." But she is interested in anyone who is French, and she thinks that | perhaps our families used to be acquainted, j How is tbat ? She drove out to my uncle's | this afternoon to find what he knows. I hope he'll know something. Then she shook my hand, and I'm going to make her pictare. She's gocd, isn't she ? ' Altogether too good. I was in a fury, and all the more ready to prevent his attendance at the reception. ' Are you going ? ' I asked. ! 'I'll be ready to start when you are.' ' Bat you will wear a dress suit ? ' He turned to me with a questioning sraile. A dress suit,' I repeated. ' I don't know ; what is it ? ' Well, it's a dress suit.' He didn't understand. 4 1 have this Buit that I wear every day. I shrugged my shoulders. 4 1 have brushed it up as well as I eould. Don't you think I will look well enough to sit in a oorner ? You know I am not a very prominent figure at a dance.' I might have relented, but he added, ' She expeetB me,' then I was resolved again. That isn't the way people drees.' He was only a child in some things, tiding 1 to determine himself not to go made his lip tremble. ' Do you suppose Kate thought I had a dress Buit? ' 4 Miss Sana s expected you to be propetly dressed, of course.' ' Bat she thinks I will come. We talked a great deal about it.' ' I am only advising you. Go, if you want to.' ' No ; I will stay here. If she asks why I didn't come you can tell her.' So I went and left him. Kate, from the reception rooms, eaw me as I entered the hall, and oame quickly out. I was surprised to see her foster parents following her olosely and to note tbat they all had the same singular expression. 4 Where is he V Kate asked. 4 1 beg pardon— whom do you mean ?' She only repeated the question, but I was obliged to understand her. I said that Mr. Jourdan was unable to come, and when, in a lower voice, I told her why, she Indignantly turned away and spoke to the others. They conversed in ejaculations, and when shortly they separated, I saw that it was to execute some hasty purpose. At the instance of one of them, an order waB given by the hostess, and a lew minuteB afterwards Kate, with a light covering on her head and a dainty grasp of hashing fingers on her long train, passed quickly through the hall and out of the door. There was a sound of carriage wheels rolling away, and I divined what was the strange errand which took her from her guests. I understood, too, per fectly well that it was all done to show irri tation against me. Very well ; I had done what I could, and took refuge behind the bulwark of my own proper course. But I Kate ; it was whimsical enough, surely, J inviting the boy in the first place, with no 1 other reason than that their ancestors j might have known each other's nameB in J France ; but to desert the company and seek j him — it was little better than madneBB. 1 While I stood in amazement and anger the bell rang, and when the door opened, I caught the voice of the new comer. It was that of Jourdan. Kate had just gone. He must have passed her carriage on the way. The servant, as he entered, signed that the cloakroom was upstairs, bnt he repeated that he wished to Bee Miss SL.ds, and the maid, i probably quite as .much at a loss as he, con- j ducted him by the hall into the library, which, with other rooms, was thrown open for the reception. It ooourred to me, of course, that by going to Jourdan I might relieve him of great embarrassment, hot it was some momentB before I had sufficiently conquered my ill-feeling against him to take the step. Wheu I went in he was sitting in a remote oorner of the room, and he looked at me, almost for the first time in our ac quaintance, without a smile. He waB not angry with me— rather, distressed that he had been obliged to disregard my advice. There were two seniors in the room, and we were all. I did not ap proach the boy at onoe, thinking to take an opportunity when the others were gone. To explain my presence, I stood in the door and looked into the danoingroom adjoining. I The seniors were not talking. They were I not men that I liked very well, and, hearing I them talking in short sentences of college I Fiench, I had no doubt (judging their snob- I bisbness by my own) that they were ridiculing J Jourdan's rusticity. They laughed and with I keen sallieB sharpened eaoh other's wits by 1 tarns. I 4 Un pen provincial.' I 4 Oui; settlement unpen' I 1 Le 'prop" ambitieux I % Fon ; il est freshman j ' Bon garcon ! C'est un sage , done ! Et J il se precipite dans soeiete avce un tres - I grand eclat , n'est ce pas ?' j ' Exactment ; il se precipite , II n'est I pas un invite.' 1 4 Le pensez-vous ?' I ' Ohf certainement !' 1 wonder si ses habits sont tout-afait a la mode de Paris ?' j ' How caa you doubt it ?' I turned into the room. At first I thought Jourdan well punished tor presenting himsell: against my advice. I will not say that I was about to interfere, even now ; it is all a bad page in my history, and I will say nothing. When I looked aronnd Jourdan had his eyes fixed on the seniors. He sat ereot and his lips were parted — moving in and out, gradually settling into firmness. I think , that he had began by being astonished I at his tormentors' coarseness, and it was not until the last that he had become enraged. The young men, as befitted their quick knowledge of the world, were no longer looking at him ; one glance at so common place a creature had been quite sufficient. As I waited, one of them, remembering an ap propriate allusion, continued— J S'il portrait , done , un grand costume I aussi mauvais que eelulia, il serait, avec sa I grossierete, un vrai Philip Firm in.' I This merited full enjoyment ; they recrossed I their legs in easy style, and gave a shallow | laugh with a senior's imitation of a man of I the world. I They were sitting across the oorner of j the heavy library table from Jourdan, j and with their backs toward him. Jourdan I did not look to me for assistance — he was one of the few who are intent on their battles — he rose to his six feet, and eoming to the table leaned on it, so that both hands were free. Then he spoke, and his voice would have commanded a battalion. Get op.' That was all he said. It does not look heroic in print, but it made the air vibrate. The men sprang to their feet and faced him. ' Bemember what Philip Firmin did. He was a gentleman, and I'll do the same.' While he spoke he strnok out onoe, twice, the red and white chasing eaoh other over his faoe. His country strength served bim well. I closed the door in the dancing-room, and then hastened to separate the eombat- I ants. But before I reached them the hall door opened and Kate entered. She gave a I cry, and Jourdan paused. He looked dazed, then regretfnl, then apologetic, and to com plete the changes, he became himself and smiled at her. His adversaries were over whelmed. They had passed without transi tion from the commitment of an offence to its unexpected punishment. 'Beg you to believe,' they began in a breath, ' that the disgrace of this affair — ' Kate stopped them with a look, and stood aside for them to pass out. Jourdan was blushing and quivering. ' I don't belong at j a paity, do I ? ' he asked in distress. Kate stroked him on the shoulder and pushed back his disordered, hair. After j insultB and contumely kindness is hard to I bear. Jourdan compressed his lips again, and made a straggle in his throat. He was I the victor, but he had the pity whioh nsnally | goes to the vanquished. Kate picked up his cane, took his disengaged arm, and led him away. To one who eould have known what 1 was about to happen it would have been a j moving sight. When 1 joined the other gueBts, I saw that 1 the hostess and Kate's foster-parents, as well I as Kate herself and Jonrdan, were for the I moment absent ; but they had stolen away ! so quietly that the departure of all was not observed, To say that I felt that something was about to occur is to say a thing of no interest. Better to say what did occur. Kate entered on Jourdan's arm ; the others had already eome in. They spoke first to the knot at the door, and when they passed on from group to groap, I noticed that the people behind them looked alter them and talked together; Jourdan was being intro duced. He was the pioture of achieved and perfect happiness, and Kate was exalted ; but it was smalt wonder. When t-.ey approached me more nearly, I heard how she was presenting him : ' My brother.' The children's parents had separated years before, the father taking John and the mother Kate ; they had travelled about, and, being soon overtaken by death, had left their oharges in the nearest hands. Such is the simple story, which the reader has easily foretold. I promised that a callow student's love should not be prominent in this tale, and it was easy to keep the promise : my love affair broke off when the story began, and dnring my college days was, with jusrioe, not allowed to be resumed. That the thread was ever taken np again I owe wholly to the kind mediation of the unalterably good John Jourdan. Now the most petty, a? well as the moBt , broad and oatholic, name him a finished , gentleman. It took bnt a glance of bis innocent blue eyes to comprehend the conventions of the world, and but short, delightful moments to inform his mind with the world's deeper learning. The other good parts of a gentleman he brought with him fresh, strong, and inexhaustible when the moulding ghost of an old man first drove him to the college town in the mouldy, shadowy equipage. 