A SECOND LIFE/ I 15t Alr.s. AMA A VDfTR, Acthok of " Tiit; Woei.v; u VOL. in. CHAPITI: XIV. Fresh crisp air, the sweet s;ilt se:i breeze, and outdoor lite, bfoujlit -Mi Mini new | strength to bear her anxiety. (,'ould she j she told herself-couM slie l.now Leigh to be Bate, restored to health, work, ambition, she would set about the eiVort to renounce him with courage and resolution : but while (here was a chance that death mijlit part them for ever, she could think «i nothing save the hope of meeting hnn once more-iu?t once, befor^ bidding each oilier a final farewell ; then ehe would recommence life seriously, with resignation and patience. She had had no reply to the letter she sent Leigh, but she hardly hoped tor one. There was no resource but to wait, with all expres sion of that painful waiting suppressed, and do the best she could to be a pleasant com panion to her gond friend Gribble, who watched her more keenly and intelligently than she thought _ Mrs. Leavett had paid her visit, and been right royally treated by their hospitable enter tainer. Dick, to lii3 inlinite delight, was left behind. Gribble was amused with liiin. lie w.is a quaint, original little fellow, wondenully refined and developed by his frequent com panionship with MildrcJ. liis decided talent ior drawing was another item in his favour"; and Gribble was quite interested in the rough sketches he took of trees and houses, ships, and even the rugged boatmen who lounged about the harbour. A gleam of hope visited Mildred shortly after Gribble had established himself and his pasty in lodgings a little retired from the best and moat prominent situations. A letter from. Frank Griflith announced that he had found Leigh very ill indeed, more from fever and loss of blood than from the severity of his wound ; that he hoped in a day or two to be able to move him to U , the nearest town, where a good physician could be secured, and then to bring him home by easy stages. "If care can save him, he shall be saved : and though he can eav but little, he seems full of pluck, and determined to live." "Well, and that's half the battle !" cried GribhJe, rubbing bis hands. " I trust in God he will poll through." Bay after day polled on in a monotony which would have been agreeable rather than wearisome had not Mildred's heart been weighted with sleepless dread. October was wonderfully fine and soft; and one glorious glowing afternoon Mildred had walked into the old town with Dick, who had discovered one or two old red-brick buildings, dating from the smuggling period of Folkes tonian history, which he wished to sketch. ? The boy had been unusuallv successful, and was in consequence unusually talkative, trying to enlist Mildred on his side in the struggle to persuade his mother to let him be an artist | ( Deep in conversation, they ascended to the Lees." that most charming promenade when a fine sunny day is beaming over land and sea. But Mildred's attention, which was now rarely engrossed by anything present, was attracted to the figure of a gentleman a man with an air of distinction which seemed familiar to her; a few steps neater, and she saw it was Frank Griflith-Frank Griffith fresh and smiling. He would not smile in that way if Brian Leigh were not alive and better. " Mrs. Wood ! I am delighted to meet you ' I have just been to look for Mr. Gribble, and i found everyone out" "And how-how " Mildred could not force herself to articulate more. " How is Leighhe returned. " Well, he was much better; but we had rather a rough crossing, and he is considerably done up. I shan t think of moving him for a day or two. We are at Dover, at the 'Lord Warden,' where I found, from the letters waiting me, that Gribble was here; so I came over to beg he would come and see Brian. The poor fellow haa a most extraordinary desire to see Mr. Gribble. I il walk back with you if you will let me. This We-a-lcle walk (Dick wandered away soon) Frank employed in giving Mildred a sketch of the circumstances under which Leigh received his wound, of his uear escape from death, to which Mildred listened with a relieved and thrilling heart Gribble had not yet returned when they reached the bouse; and after a moment or two of edence, Griflith, with some alight hesitation, saidb '' J trust, Mrs. Wood, you will not think m6 intrusive it I confess that between poor Leigh a fever-wanderings, his inquiries, and bis conversation, I have gathered a pretty correct knowledge of the deep obligations my wife and myself are under to you lor the disinterested courage with which you saved her from a dreadful late." _ "Youknow, thenV began Mildred, flush ing crimson. ' .J*}?* a,KOod deal, which I am sure you W- iflwi "Vf1® V'\th But I am con vrnced that had Leigh been himself, he would never have let out so much, though we ore ig I would rather not think of my misfortunes.' I waa very pleased to be of use to Mm Griffith and to you. You weS mv S friend, you know.'1 smiling. "Tell me how you think Mr. Leigh really is." 6 b0W "1 think that with great care he will null weak from foss wish to see Mr. Gribblc, that I am sure he will not refuse to return with me." " I am sure he will not," returned Mildred. As she spoke, Gribble came in. " Hey! are you back again ?" he cried, his honest round face beaming a welcome. " I am right glad to see you. And that poor fellow, Leigh? You haven't left him behind. I'ii be bound t" "No, certainly not," returned Frank Grif fith, shakintr hands cordially with him. Hav ing repeated the report he had already given Mildred, he went on: " I don't think Brian Leigh has ever had the pleasure of meeting you, but he has an extraordinary anxiety to make your acquaintance, and gave me no pcace until 1 promised to come over and bring you to see him, if you would not mind the trouble." "Mind! no, by no means ! I'll be delighted. 1'il go back with you this minute." ' Thanks, many thanks; but I shall not ask you to return to day. Leigh has been exceedingly feverish all last night and this morning; a visit bo late in the day might destroy ail chance of a night's rest If you would be so good as to come over to morrow, any time before2, it might be better." "Very well; I'll come without fail. Now you must have a biscuit and a glass of sherry. It's something to see a man who is fresh from the seat of war." " From the terrible track of war," returned , Frank. " I assure you the little I saw was enough to make one join the Society of Friendsand for some minutes lie continued to describe the miserable condition of the country near the scene of the great struggle. " But it is a gruesome subject, said Frank, rising; " ana I must go, ii I uon't intend to lose my train. Brian will wonder I am not back." " We mustn't ask you to stay, then. Take another glass of sherry. No! You young fellows are very abstemious ! Tell me, how do you think Mrs.-Mrs. Wood is looking, hey ?" " Well," with a kindly glance, "notso well as she did this time last year." "How?" cried Gribble, displeased. "Why, she is looking 50 per cent better than when 1 first saw her a month ago." "I certainly feel much better," said Mildred, smiling, "and evereomuch happier." " When I last saw you, you had been re freshed by a summer and autumn at Pcn nogwen," said Frank, "andyou know we Griffiths swear by l'ennogweu air." " Ay that's your mother's place, ain't it ?" said Gribble. "I'd like to see it; and I'd like to pay my respects to Mrs. Griffith herself. She seems to have behaved un common kind to this-this ward of mine," hesitating how to denominate Mildred, and then brightening up when he had solved tiie difficulty. " But I suppose it wouldn't do to let the cat out of the bug just yet. Still, I am not going to keep an extinguisher on my young friend here alvyays. I suppose you know her whole story "Ibelieve I do," returned Frank, smiling, as he looked at Mildred; "and more- the full extent of my obligation to her; but I hope we shall have frequent opportunities of talking this over in the better days that are coming. For the present I must really run away." " I'll walk with you to the Irian," cried Gribble, catching up his hat Mildred was infinitely thankful to be alone. A mighty load was lifted from her heart Leigh was in England, within reach of all that skill and science could do for him Though he was evidently very ill, she hoped I for bis complete restoration. And she herself no longer friendless and nameless-she once more ventured to look forward, as she had not for many a day. Recognition by, and re union with her brother was not impossible.! Her soul was lifted up in gratitude. She should have courage, then, to renounce Leigh, even to resign the inexpressible sweetness of a carefully restricted intercourse under the guise of quiet friendship. For him, his future, his character, it was infinitely better that he should give her up completely; nor could this be so hard to a man full of resource -on the threshold of a successful career, with all the distractions of society at his command -as to herself, to whom lie was eo much how much her heart alone could measure. The return of Gribble, decidedly warm and still a little breathless, interrupted these thoughts. " Phew !" he exclaimcd, wiping his brow. "IIow fast those young long-legged fellows walk ! Griffith was iu capital time for the train, after all. I think he and his wife will be nice friends for you, my dear. But I'm afraid that poor chap Leigh is in a bad way. You see, though they got the bullet out, he lay eo long unattended to, and lost so much blood ; and then he was in want of all neces saries, in a wretched hole, and altogether he is very ill indeed. If the repeated fits of fever can't be stopped, I am afraid there is little chance for him. I didn't mean to frighten you, my dean Why. you look like a ghost! fit to drop I Ah ! the dreadful life you hare led has token the heart out of you. You can't Btand much. I'll let you kiiow what / think of him to- morrow. We'll hone the beBt Where's the boy? he ought to be in by this time." The next morning was a trial to Mildred's patience and fortitude. She was thankful for the occupation of packing Dick up and starting him off home-as Mrs. Leavett de [ clared he must not idle any more; a long letter to her good friend, conveying Mr. Gribble's opinion of the boy's abilities as an artist, ana describing the appearance of Frank Griffith, with many details which she knew would interest her correspondent, filled up the time till Gribble'B return, which was not till late. The dusk of an autumnal evening was fall ing fast, and the room where Mildred sat was illuminated only by the firelight as she awaited with growing impatience and anxiety the coming of her brotUer-iu-law; but she carefully refrained from calling for lights. "Are you sitting in the dark? asked Gribble, as he came in. " Yes ; I have been resting and thinking. And how did you find Mr, Leigh ?" "Bad enough! bad enough 1 Weak as a child 5" He paused. "But he's a fine fel low I I never knew a finer-and I hope in God he will pull through I Griffith says he is a good deal better to-day; so he must have been bad yesterday," "Do you think he will recover?" asked Mildred in a tone that struck her own ear-so sharp was the pain expressed. " How can 1 tell, my dear! His best chance lies in his intense mental vitality. A ? man like him oughn't to die 1 I have hod a long confidential talk with him-maybe too long. All I am at liberty to tell you about it is, that you have as tnrue and faithful a friend in him as ever woman had." " I am sure of that," said Mildred, softly. " Ay, you toay!" There was a pause, during which Gribble oat looking at the glowing coals. "Griffith thinks, he resumed, "that Mr. Leigh would be better here in a quiet lodging, than in that rambling noisy hotel. Leigh: wants to come, himself. I nave been look ing round before I came in, and I ha ve> taken rooms for film just at th e corner there In Pal* imQutou-ro&d; there's ft ntae large qjaiiftg-, right. and move him. Anoih«.^lrow» he'll ^ bere is tlmt I see Griffith ^Bon for comiS! away back to his wife" H'» an*ioU8 1.T to be .11 .to,,?.' KmS?nPl?««S coming down next' month a*11? cl'an i! everytW ready for'toSSfewV Then she might see him ? 1noon." and satisfy herself of hi3 wudi?! "^ Wo voice, and read all his ^earfcii Mr dribble said he was herSJlHHhe!! Perhaps absence and suflcrin J»."] ^'end| him that friendship was all tVift tattgW between them! BowmSSi to Mr. Gribble. Utl1 Uad ^econfig A rush of such thoughts n# iv,". tremble in every nerve, and iffi dN*8*8 command her voice to ask- ""bib " 1 think he has set bis hem » earnestly that it will do him £ ^j'eo to stay where be ib ; and I thinlX^ °Wi '"t """ suouia return ud his work. He is quite ivjhm*,i. - should take care of him." ® &&t; " We S" Then it was to be mwu j, to see and talk with him ! petliaitted her, She gradually recovered her sion, and was more than usually ZT and communicative with her lrini " ,?hc host, who had rarely been BO liap J S .oimpomnt, u during the 4Hie following morning Cribble wM nR", cock-crow, bustling to and fro, bariM imaginable dainties; hlrii\" L*» ;»*??] chairs of the moat complicated SdS inspecting the lamps, the beds, the kiffi.* in the quarter? he had aeeured-andnfi driving the landlady frantic. ' Mildred, finding it impossible to sit«;» took refuge in a long ramble on 2e taking a book as an excuse to sit amonTffi rocks, and resolutely keeping tKV home till she thought the transit from Dow must be accomplished. M When at last she reached tbeirapartmente. Cribble was still absent, ami she hadtosS with what fortitude she could till the sound of bis latch key in the lock made her heut bound. "Oh, you have come in at last, my dear" be cried, throwing las soft wideawake bat oil the table. " Well, I am just done, 1 cantdl you; but that's no great matter. We hate managed capitally. Leigh is safe in his new quarters, and has borne the journey wonder fully, though he very nearly fainted when we got him into the house, lfe'll do, my deit -1 am quite Bure he will; but he'll need a deal of care. However, we won't spare that Just ring the bell, and ask it' we can have dinner a little earlier; I'm ready to eat bj boots. Griffith said he'd come in and have a talk when Leigh had been settled for the night. He has a capital servant, a German, who. is equal to any nurse." In a day or two the improvement in that patient was more decided; tliere was less fever, and a little more inclination to tafee food. Frank Griffith began to talk of returning home. " Do you know, Mrs. Wood," lie said one evening, as lie was playing a game oi crib bage with Gribble, and Mildred sat at work near the lamp, *' Leigh has been asking to see you BO persistently, that 1 can't put off asking you any longer. Would you mind coming in with Mr. Gribble to-morrow, and having a talk with him? It would cheer him up." . " I will go with pleasure, said Mildred steadily, "lie has done me so much ser vice, I should be glad to do any tiling tor llim." _ ,rr 1*1 1. u. " Yes," remarked Gribble; n I think he IS strong enough to bear it now." . He spoke as if the matter bad been dis cussed before. ... " Come in about half-past two-thats bis best time," said Frank " ,f.^e lie is doing, 1 hope we'il have him out drinn0 in a few days." Tbia short conversation gave Mildred s SlrfiejMvereto meet once more. How^onld she find him V Now would come tbegreg trial of all-the real, deliberate, lin^p" in?;I look, too, as if I and dragged back from lbeja^of toto^ she thought, as she gazed at her own wg ill the class, while making a siDipie SrefulWt, before accom« to pay her feverishly anticipated usit ^ Het pale cheeks, thedark ahade ^ large wistful eyes, the dimiut»Je^ I0^ had of her delicate cheek, showed^aj^ oi her delicate iuw'j . ? Belf-control tenor silence and stillness. « M:4 " Here is ft L« the piesenoe Gribble, ushering Mildred into tue she bad longed for. _i,-u«ed from Opposite the door, and dielterea oli. light; Leigh was stretched oa^l fashioned sofa, wrapped in tbrovmfec gown ot Indian stuff, 5lfu,rJ!"band hollo*; his feet He was ^^li P jj3 chest i eyed, and the looked! Beemed quite bloodless. tl)ey met darker, bis eyes lar«^n7h vivicL joy. S?1] Mildred's they shone with v be]nn4 a lamp had been suddenlj * ^There is probably nothing whjcb P^. so irresistibly to a mm sbe TC nesa and suffering of " would jjj fi&ari;££SaftSfe tenderest care ; andtgae u i^tM C0&drcV;«, ixpsn* 4i^ . mind about, Btrnck ^ . naturally. aft sent me," ^ld Ig ^ Ffflnk for some w»e^ * - ^==^7^ri^and Project8'and Milted; $$t£t£k^T,i°wrimi''°"i «p«4 fiuare1' lea*ins "" tad in bis fornn'"Rafter this, Bhe paid him a *FOT several day afternoon, always with ?bort visitT,eacli at£ ^nd the patient Cribble or11T1'ff05ly-wM able to Bit up improved n>a"e ionger intervals, to take a fnr longer o"d '°rnt£atored that Frank .left drive, to I* so{« car(!| with the certainty liim "nd^3 on the high-road to complete that be ttas u« recovery. sorry to part with the bright, rcThey were nil sorry i whose natural l'indl)';^ been so f?eat a help, but no one gaiety further eacrifice than he had wished to^.ctn|ld 80l with many a warmly B,rea 3'prt wish that they might meet again, (jpressefJ heartily farewell. they bld bin\ h- wil| be one of your last " I suppose tbi h(iracter 0{ an invalid, visits toLe^Jyn 1 d d luncheon the day bad St them. ^1 hope soon Eft ill lie able to comc in to us. be v^ill ue a ^ returned ; then, after a ." IJfthou'-ht, she added: "I think, rrii»ut®8 n'-Ku e I should like to return.to de"r rl^vctt I have had a delightful visit ^?id I shall soon see you in town,.. £n I hope to have a little plan for my Ke to submit to you. . , "Whatever you want my opinion about Jlnvc mv best attention, you may be sb » « Gribble gravely. " Ive some fe' 0fmy own, however, touching the idea3 fl tTvour coinc back to Mrs. [otUrpit for the present, why, yes-I think it h L is well Something in his tone h°nit a rush of crimson to Mildreds B observing which Gribble added sigm S lV : "Ithink you are a good woman, ivdear and doing the right thing. . Then'Mildred felt he knew. everything ; that her sacrifice was recognised and de eded ; that she had boundTierself to a line conduct from which she must not de B.r'l wm meet you in Leigh's rooms, if .on call there between three and four ; and roa']l mention your going away as lightly is possible, but mention it, continued Certainly I shall," Buid Mildred, feeling ior heart grow cold. The shadows of an early November evening rare falling fast when Mildred greeted Leigh hat afternoon. He was now able to walk across the room »meet her. , , " At last!" he exclaimed, clasping ber and in both hia own ; " at last I have you » myself! That lest of men Gribble was lore a few minutes ag >, and said he would all for you later. Come, sit beside me, Mildred, and let me tell you all that has been turning in my heart through these delicious, tantalising visits, when I could only look at Eou and hear your voice." [ Then he poured out the story of his thought lor her and of her, during his brief campaign, find the maddening dread of dying before be knew if 6he had gained the protection _ of Gribble and her brother, every word showing rach tender, self-forgetful love, that the big rars welled up, hung on her lashes, and lropped unheeded as the listened. " When your letter, telling of your meeting pith Gribble, reached me," continued Leigh, 'I felt 1 might die Then I was very wild ind wandering, and told nearly everything in bv raving9. Thank God no one was near but ;o safe and honourable a fellow as Frank 1 I elt almost like death when I reached Dover, ind could not rest till I had seen Gribble ind told him my dearest wish was to call you ny wife, should Welby'a death set you free ; ind I implored liim to give me a solemn promise never to forsake you. He is evi dently of your opinion that we must meet but prely, if ever. But, Mildred, you will not forbid me your presence altogether? I can pot eive you up!" "No, we must let ourselves drift with the mrrent of circumstances, _ and plan nnd iromise nothing," said Mildred, her lips luivering. "What is in your mind? asked Leigh, oolsing at her keenly. "Mydarling, your lands are like ice!" "There is nothing in my mind-nothing! ! shall be guided by ray dear good friend, tnd so must you, and God will send us lappierdays. See what unexpected help I lave found in Mr. Gribble; no danger will ouch me now; and-and I Bhall see you iometiuaes with him." "And will that be a pleasure to you? Do on love me, Mildred? Tell me you do igain and again!" "I love you," she said softly and gravely, rtiile she let him cover her hands with kisses. 'Bnt you must love your career-your work letter than you do me, and I shall watch it ritli pride and pleasure." Then she told him she was going to Mrs. Lcavett 6ooner than Mr. Gribble intended eturning to town; and for an hour of wectest, subtlest delight they opened their learts to each other. ^ hen Gribble called, Mildred said good ie with smiling composure that hid her reso lutiou never again to indulge in the joy of an uninterrupted meeting, and gradually to with draw from intercourse which might have Jnytlnng but a beneficial effect on the man Sue loved so well. lhe day but one after this interview she r»fL r l kindly, gently, good-bye, and Uavett! humble home with Mrs. lateri ,»P «. pleasant room °n a balcony which overlooked the Si. »£ie,PTcipal apartment o! a nretty fa at Hyde-Mildred was sitting reiding ^ a bright are- Outside, a stfong S cater waB Btorming agaiust the windows Hnng them with thick small rain, a^S itWlPJi"ee^mto,5oatnms bre«kers, while Crevice. ChimDeya aud moaued at MiMred laid down her book and listened toW1' *°Jook out of "he window «edt '^nmg twiUgbt. She had not sea/wh^ u1, the drivme mist and angry Ah liSS was °j?.ePed ^ Gribble. Ooas; it iB ^f?i °i . ry?^ m n?fc att«mpt to dw",he "d,un'e'j' bave°" iWtta n.° 8Pec^ftl necessity to .toonest ii?« «lflve just had my letters for you '?hn°H® Arthur, enclosing MildrL0U' handing her a note. B ^ourIi wiUioiit ope" eaKerly, and read it peakingi then Bhe looked . My dear ? ngueye? smiling lips. UR°overiov«f?r rr°i eJje»°«bed. "He Pie word of rpw!^ u meJ , does cot Bay ^ a right K ^ he» a8 well us you, SLaingry witU me1 Hi» a°re than IBI8terIy message. This is i&*B? mJta;- md 'Sj Sl'^w oi Skerd"*''Bhe to , uml itiajuetaal told youj the poor fellow is but too Rind to find he has a living Bister," said Gribble, as he folded up the paper. " But, my dear, that doesn't sol ve the question of how we are to throw off the mystery and disguise in which you have managed to abroad yourself. You cannot sail under false colours all the days of your life." " I know that-nor can I live on your bounty, or my brother's, as you both propose. But a plan is elowly evolving itself in my brain. When you come again I shall have thought it out Give me another week." "That I will, my dear. You are a reason able woman, I know; and I am right glad your heart is set at ease about your brother." After some more talk respecting Arthur and bis wife, his prospects, and his past, as the fast friends sat in the firelight, Gribble got up. " I am going to dine with a Calcutta ac quaintance of mine, whom I met on the pier yesterday. Perhaps they'll have some even ing telegrams at the news-room ; and I may | see something about the meeting of the Brazilian Copper Mine Company share holders. Welby, as chairman, was to give a statement of affairs; they say some very ugly facts will crop out in the course of the dis cussion. 1 hope, for Lizzie's sake, her father will not come to grief." " I hope not," said Mildred absently. "Didyou read that paper of Leigh's on 'The Rights of the Minority'? Clever fel low 1 works too hard. He is not quite him self yet, and there he is, writing like a Bteam engine 1" """Does he still look thin and haggard?" asked Mildred anxiously. "Well, he. might be plumper; but he'll pull through all right." "I shall 6ee you to-morrow, before you start, I suppose?" said Mildred, following him to the door. "Good-bye for the pre sent!" She returned to the window, and gazed long and dreamily into the wild night, till a servant came to light the gas, and tell her tea was ready. When Gribble returned to town after Mil dred had left him at Folkestone, he was startled to find how ill and feverish she seemed. She had a short, constant cough; and Mrs. Leavett'a report of her failing appetite and sleeplessness confirmed the kind little man's fears. lie was anxious, too, that she should be at a greater distance from Leigh, as the temptation to go and see her was, in Gribble's estimation, too great for him to resist He therefore insisted on settling Mildred for a couple of months with one of the many struggling combatants in the strife for exist ence whom he had assisted. Mrs. Briggs, owner of the villa, was the widow of a military surgeon, and was de lighted to receive as a boarder the protegee of so useful a friend as Gribble had been to her. Here Mildred recovered strength and mental tone. In the repose of the humble, peaceful household, she strove to look steadily at the future, and form some plan of life which might meet her own needs and Gribble's approbation. Her gentle, gracious manners and readi ness to oblige made her a favourite with her hostess, who desired nothing more than a continuance of her stay. "Dear! dear! what a rough night!" said Mrs. Brig^a. "I am sure 1 am glad Mr. Gribble didn't cross tc-day-he'd have caught his death ot cold; for he iB not as young as he used to be." "No; and a man like Mr. Gribble ought to live for ever!" replied Mildred, smiling. " However, he is looking far better than he did three years ago." " Ah, yes! to be sure, yon knew him when he was home before." " If you please, 'm, the gentleman wants to know if you will see him," said the servant, coming in with a card, which she offered to Mildred. " Where have you put him, Sarah ?" asked Mrs. Briggs. "He is in the hall, 'm." "Oh, take him to the drawing-room. Is the gas alight ?" Meantime, with amazement, fear, delight, Mildred saw the name "Brian Leigh" on the card, and Hew upstairs to learn the reason of his unexpected appearance. He was standing in the middle of the room, his eyes fixed on the door with an eager light in them, which certainly did not forbode evil. " What awful weather for you to be out I" were Mildred's first words. He caught her hand, and still kept silence for another second; then, in a voice husky with profound feeling, he exclaimed: " I have strange news-news I would have crossed fire as well as water to bring you ! My love, my life, you are freel Welby is d6ad!" "Dead!" repeated Mildred, stepping back. "How? It surely cannot be I Tell me " " It is true!" interrupted Leigh, whose countenance showed how profoundly he was moved: " he died about noon this day. He was to nave addressed a meeting of share holders at twelve. A few moments after that time be rose, shuffled some papers that were in his hand, wavered, and fell heavily to the ground. I was present-I assisted to lift him and carry him out A doctor was soon lound, who declared life extinct; some great mental strain had brought on apoplexy, he said, and probably a weak heart prevented his rallying. The cause will be declared, no doubt, after an examination. The fact re mains that he is dead, and you are free. It is supposed that dread of the disclosures about to be mode brought on the fatal stroke." " It is dreadful-terrible 1" said Mildred, in a low, awe-struck voice, gently putting aside the arm Leigh tried to pnt round her. "Why, dearest, you do not grieve for your tyrant f* he exclaimed, struck by her tone. "Grieve I No, not on my own account But think what agonies of anticipated shame, what tortures of baffled pride and ambition, be muBt have suffered I Oh 1 I never wanted him to be punished! fGod only knows the limits of his responsibility-how far be knew himself to blame. Selfishness must have darkened his understanding." ' That may be; but all I know is the blessedness of your freedom," drawing her close to him. ' Do you not see above and beyond every other consideration that you ^y be my wife-next week-to-morrow ? tnat there is no more dreary soul- crushing separation for us, _but perpetual companion snip, complete union, with which none oan interfere? I am giddy with the divine de light of auch a prospect i" Mildred was too faint to speak: she leant against him in a half-unconscious state, from wmch his long, passionate kisses roused 'Ah, Brian 1" she whispered, as she with urew from his embrace, I am too stunned to dare yet to believe in my own happiness. 1 shall indeed rejoice with trembling. Do you know that Mr. Gribble is here? He is i*e iHotel. Let us send for him. I teflhim all>"8Ure 0* not'"!1£ t*!1 * And «'« j® Reserves every mack of gratitude aua confidence, fcegan Leigh, when Gribble burst upon them in a state of great ex citement, having just heard of Welby's death from a gentleman newly arrived from London. . . . . . I Is there anything more to tell ? Yes-every moment of life is foil of growth, and change, and interest; but the by-road we have been following has reached a convenient halting place, whence the outlines of the promised land beyond may be seen with tolerable distinctness. The changes which followed Welby'a death con be easily pictured. " Well, my dear," said Gribble to Mildred a few weeks after that event, as he eat in consultation with her and Leigh in Mrs. Leavett's drawing-room, while that excellent woman poured out tea, ' we need no longer be at our wits' end what to do with you and how we shall call you. Our friend here has relieved us from these difficulties." " He has indeed," replied Mildred, turning to Leigh. "I sometimes think that your marriage will fill i>oor Mrs. Griffith's cup of wrath to overflowing I What a wretch ehe will think me 1" "On the contrary. I have seen her this morning, and Bhe has been graciously pleased to give her consent; so great is hot sympathy with the extraordinary history of her mys terious secretary's ' Second Life.'" THE END. 