AN EVENTFUL NIGHT. BY Ettib Rodoebs. Has any of as, I wonder, a distinctly daal nature — the one dispassionate and just, the other unreasoning and impetuous ? Or in some remote and ungueesed uicae of onr seal does thsre sit enthroned a small and potent demon, whioh sometimes breaks re- ! straint and lets loose among onr better senses the hounds of anarchy to deafen con- tcience with their yells and hunt onr dearest loves to the bitter death ? I can moralise aad m&. vei now, since all is over and done 1 I can marvel it I were possessed by some ungm ssed and puissant spirit hot my own, iu one melancholy episode of my life ; or if some uncanny and anworthier duality cf my being had j quickened to volition within me; for oer- ! tainly what I had been before and what I I have been sinoe, I was not in that deplorable time whioh I shudder to reo&lL; I was not ill, nor harassed, nor de spondent ; I was strong of body, my mind - was content, my heart at rest, when I was I suddenly impelled to the maddening belief I that I waB wronged as man had never been I wronged before, and when every impnlee ol I soul and senee seemed goading me on for vengeance and hnman blood. That particular evening I was sitting alone in the yet nnlighted library of my somewhat isolated suburban residence. Oateide was a delieionsly fresh and balmy dusk— a serene and beguiling hiatus between the setting of an unclouded sun and the rising of a stormy moon 1 The windB were still ; tee great maples were motionless ; there were no sounds eave those of occasional hoofs and wheels along the uneven and ungraded highway, or those of the uneasy river complaining with the burden ot the prolonged spring rains. Nothing was visible but the formless shadows where all was Bhade— nothing more but the dim gleam of the scented lilao bloom, and of one narrow beam of light whioh issued from a window of the masio-room at the far | end of the long verandah. As I sat there gazing dreamily out into the balmy dusk and listening drowsily to the grumbling of th8 restive river, somebody began softly intoning some fanciful operatic air, and then pseeently an exquisite voice aroused the hushed gloaming with strain . after strain of happy melody, j Wi h a sense of infinite pe&oe;, of serenest delight, 1 leaned back in my luxurious chair 1 and closed my contented eyes. My Lyric j was singing — my wife — the beautiful eong- stress I had lured from an anticipated career of conquest and splendour and oaged in the calmer and proBier stronghold of my wedded affeations. I had never wondered if Lyrie might eome time regret her marriage with a man neither particularly young nor especially attractive. I had never questioned if she might some time regret the love for which she had re nounced a more dazzling life. I loved her, and she was mine. And yet in the un diminished charm of our loving I had never j cared to speculate of what might have been or what might be — of what might have been iu a tio&e; of whioh I had no knowledge ; of what might be if for her the charm were dis solved in the alchemy cf latent ambitions or undivined illusions. I distrusted nothing, I apprehended nothing ; my mind was content and my heart at reBt, as in the dreamy dusk I leaned luxuriously back iu my library-chair, I and serenely listened to the exquisite- voice singing— I A passionate ballad gallant and gay, I A mental song like a trumpet oall ! I S'ng'ng of deatn and honour whioh cannot die ! Bat as I listened the song ceased — ceased abruptly with a sharp dissonance and with a little jangle, as if her fingers had come down with a startled crash upon the resplendent keys of the piano. Then all was silent. And in the midst of the silence, with a flash and a shook, the nnguessed demon unlashed the turbulent jealousies and maddening doubts ; or the unreasoning quality of my being quickened to a volition which belied my sober senses. At the instant I was assailed by neither a crazy su -pioion nor a morbid premonition, but by- a vivid and impellent conviction that some concealed and gruesome thing was abont to be disclosed to me. 4 Something startled her from her singing, and she is not one to be startled by what threatens no evil,' whispered the voice whioh was so unlike my own. 4 Some person has skulked through the garden and through too verandah casements, and so, unseen and - unheard, has gained her presence. She has been too suddenly confronted by some phantom from her past, by the ghost of some ill-starred thing whioh she had deemed forever buried from her sight. And perhaps even now she is bewailing wnai miguc nave been and planning for what might be.' Sooh was the summary of those sadden and inexplicable convictions. I had no sense of heaitanoy or souiple ; and 1 was pos sessed by the deliberate and sanguinary cunning of a crafty maniac. I neither 6ighed nor muttered execrations But 1 smiled grimly as I arose from my chair, and with a stealthy tread walked from the library and down the yet nnlighted oorridor towards the music-room. The door was ajar, and I felt not the minutest surprise as I peered into the apart ment and beheld the confirmatory soene which was being enacted there. There indeed was an intruder — a tatt man cloaked like a brigand of romance— a hand some man, whose broad and rakish hat flared baok from a oountenanoe impressively pallid and haggard ! His arms were abont my lyrie, her golden head dropped against his breast, and she was weeping bitterly. 4 1 could not believe that you would remain from me so long if yoa were among the living, ' tee was sobbing just audibly. 4 Can . nothing be dene J Oan we not plan some thing that I may be near yon — that yon may oome to me sometimes V 4 Yon were happier to believe me no longer among the living, Yon . will be hagpfer, too, if we shall ipest again no mor e/ tee man pptwered with some fierce paiiion ldndnnt beautiful brows, he unloosed ber pleading hands— and then he'turned swiftly away. As he vanished through the opened ease- \- - " ment_ of the verandah, she glanced up and perceived me advancing toward her. With the glanoe her great blue eyes dilated and darkened with unmistakable terror. Perhaps my accusing gaze affrighted her, and she feared, she knew not what ; for with a soared little cry ehe shrank baok and hid her paling face in both her trembling hands. But I did not heed her ! . Any emotion of here — whether of fear or remorse or shame — web nothing to me then. I was intent only in the pursuit of a cloaked figure vanishing outside — a flying Bhadow where all was shade. I had been impelled to the belief that I was wronged as man was never wronged before ; but I had no upbraiding just then for her — my vengeance was meant for him for whom she had cared before I met and loved her, perchance, and for whom she still oared ! The stormy moon was just visible among the thickening clouds ; the wind was beginning to sough among the great maples ; the grumbling of the river sounded nearer and more near, so I hastened onward, hear ing now and then the nnoertain thud of reokless footsteps, or seeing a rakish hat looming like a black silhouette against a gleam of white moonshine. On and on I hastened in stealthy pursuit through lbs extensive grounds, aoross a wooded enclosure of knolls and hollows, and so emerged upon an abandoned road— a deeply excavated curve which somewhere intersected the highway. The cloaked figure with the rakiBh hat had become altogether invisible, but of bis propinquity I was certain. For a saddled horse was nibbling the lush swampy grasses in a hollow down the roadway, and there were vaguely suggestive rustlings among the vines and elders between me and the river, whioh just there widened to a sullen and Almost bankless current. 'The clump of elders Is his last covert,' I thought, grimly, as I descended into the curving roadway and stalked toward the marshy crescent of ground which flanked the fiver. And be was there, indeed ; but not ereot and hostile and defiant. He lay prone upon the earth, moveless, as it he had composed himself for Blumber, and totally unaware that a Cain had tracked him to his retreat. What denunciations I uttered I do not know ; _ I only know that I clutched his brigandish cloak, that I dragged him to an upright posture, and that some murderous thing glittered in my determined grip. < A man with broken bones and emptied veins is not likely to defend himself,' I was at length conscious he had said in strangely strength less tones. A d as X glared upon him I perceived that his garments were drenched with blood, and that one stont foot dangled uselessly beneath his cloak. ' I stumbled over the brink of the exoavated roadway, and some splintered rail has fore stalled yonr murderous bullet,' he explained, with a sort of eatirio humour, as I involun tarily lowered the murderous thing whioh menaced him. At this juncture there was an appalling crash like the booming of thunder, and then a rumbling and roaring like an onset of artillery. Instinctively I turned my gaze towards the neighbouring hills, I knew what had hap pened ; burdened with the prolonged spring rains the restive river had rent aBnnder some fettering dam above, and the mighty floods were already deluging the land. In another half-hour the roadway would be an impassable torrent, the marshy crescent would be a plunging sea, and my helpless archenemy must perish if nothing intervened to Bpare him. I would leave him to his doom, assuredly ! X should be an idiot to do otherwise ! And then with a shock and a flash, the demon, the lunacy, the nnworthier quality, or what it might have been, was extinguished within me. PerhapB I had been an idiot already, I began to reflect ! If my girlish ? bride had loved him in a time of which I had j no knowledge, even if she still loved him, j even if ehe had meditated wrong to me, I 1 should indeed be idiotio to do anght which ; would be joy to my foes and grief to them ; who eeteemed me, and an eternal ignominy : to myself ! I would instead be his deliverer $ ! I would take him back to her; and then I would leave them to themselves ; I would have done with them forever, and I would go my way alone ! My reflections, if comprehensive, were of abort duration. Already a vast avalanche of seething water was tumbling down the valley, already the rebellions river was rioting over knolls and hollows, and down yonder in the streaming roadbed a riderless horse was whinnying for his weil-nigh insensible cavalier. 1 Come, ' I began, in my own natural voice, 'life is as dear to you as to me, and I shall not leave you to periBh here. Arouse your eourage a bit ; if you ean keep the saddle for a half-mile, you will be safe.' I had fancied a few minutes before that my vehemence and menaces only mystified liim, but he understood distinctly enough now. My taBk was sufficiently perilous and accomplished none too soon. We had soaroely gained the elevated ground above the roadway when the watery avalanche thundered down and submerged even the precipitous brink over whioh he had so nnluokily stumbled. He was safe, bat of my own safety I had \- been too incautious, for, even as Iioomentsrily lingered on the brink, my footing failed me, the flood smote me, and I knew no mare. When consciousness was restored to me, Z was lying in my own ohamber, and my darling was kneeling beside my bed, her beautiful, beloved face all wan and anguished with a trouble which I knew was for me Alone. 'Life was worthless to my poor brother, and you would have given your bwn that he might live,' X heard her mnrmur. I needed to more to understand the truth. The night was gone like some weirdly distorted dream, and in the glory and gladness of the dawning I put my arm about her and drew her to my heart, You never told me about ypur brother — fell ma now,' X said. m _ __ yha tnylnnrtiftff ff" nffiaiantly lucid. $0 doubt hw brother had been more sinned against than sinning ; but, all the same, he had been condemned "for a grievous offence, and he was a fugitive from pursuing juBtioe. For years she bad believed him dead, and now I did not marvel she was so startled by the phantom from the past. And now, when all is over and done, my wiitnl content, my heart at met, I can oalmly marvel and moralise upoh the chaotic misery of that eventful night 1 I can wonderingly question if X were p assessed by some frenziedspirit not my own, or if Borne unreasoning and Inconsistent quality of my being had been quickened to uncanny volition within me 1 0 