,r Sfeetdkr. i Sprisig-ISeclcd Jack. ( From Alt Tho Year Round.) It is now nearly half a century since tho in habitants of London and its suburbs wero kept in a constant state of terror by a man, who, under various disguises, would suddenly ap pear before the unsuspecting pedestrian, and, after having nearly frightened tho traveller out of hia or her censes, would aa suddenly disappear with terrible bounds, leaving the impression upon hia affrighted victim that hia Satanic Majesty had condescended to pay him a visit in person. Evening was the timegend rally chosen by thia eccanirio character for hia exploits, and, doubtless, thoro are many living who can recollect tho pang of fear which shot through their hearts when, leaping from some dark corner, out of a door-way, or over a -hedge, lie stood before you. Who this singular being was, or what was tho truo object of his escapades, can only be left to conjeoturo, aa he was never captured ; certain it is, that robbery was not the motive, for he waa never known to take a single coin from hia victima, even when fright had' ren dered them an easy prey, nor did ho often praotico any other degree of cruelty beyond soaring them, which, however, was quite suffi cient, as in some instances the sufferers never thoroughly recovered tho .shook to 'their nerves. . ? ??? The only surmise as to his identity that was e\er hazarded, waa that he was tho Mar quis of Waterford — thon famous as a ring leader in all that savoured o£ fun and frolic — ; but not a Ehadow of proof could be over ad duced in'support of this theory. The moro general belief appears to have been that there wero pevnral persons concerned in tlio affair ; that they were members of high familiea, and that tho eau»c ot their pranks was a bet of throo thousand pounds that tlioy would' pro cure the death of not less than thirty human beings, apportioning them with nice doscrimi nation as follows : — Eight old bachelors, ten '' old maids, and six lady's maids, and as many servant-girls as they could, trusting that by depriving them of their icason they would uc oelerato their deaths. This ia, of course, in orediblo, but the chief clerk of tho Mansion House police kourt, in a lettor to tho news papers, said it was so reported to acommitieo that was formed by the Lord Mayor for the purposo of tracking and proseoutmg tho scoundrels. It ia difficult to assign tho exaot locality which gave birth to this extraordinary {real:, -either side of the Thames claiming the dis tinction ; some averring that it was at Ham meismith, others again that it was Barnes. Tlio most trustworthy accounts give the palm to the latter village. ? It was in the latter end of 1837, at Barnes, that tlio ghost mado its first appearance in tho shape of a large white bull, attacking seve ral persons, moro particularly women, many of whom suffered most severely from the {right. At East Sheen, in the form of a wbito bear, the alleged spirit carried on similar gam bols. His ghostuliip then extended his opera tions to the town renowned for ' maids of honour,' and in tbo courso of a few days all Richmond was aghast at tho talcs of women heuig frightened to death and of children bo ing torn to pieces by him. Tho eearoh after the unearthly visitant wits hero becoming too -*arm for him, and be shifted tho scene of his labours to Ham, Kingston, and Hampton, at which latter place ho was seen, clad in armour of brass, with spring shoes, and largo claw like gloves, but being hotly pursued ho scaled tho walls of Bushby Park and vanisliod. Ted dington, Twickenham, and Hounslow, all had stories to tell of his appearanco, and in Sion Park, the seat of the Duke ot Northumberland, mauy and fearful were tho injuries said to havo been inilioted by him. At Ialcworth a carpenter was seized at eleven o'clook at night, and most unmercifully beaton by tho ghost, who was attired in polished steel armour, with red shoes, etc. It must bo noted what an ex ceedingly varied wardrobe this sprito must have had, rondcring it very diffioult, ono would think, for him to move, with aneh extensive properties, with alaority from place to placo. The neighbourhood of Uxbridgo was tlio next scene of his pranks, and he approached the metropolis through Hamvell, Brentford, and Ealing, in which last placo ho was seen in steel armour, striking terror into tho in mates of the various schools located there, and frightening tho blacksmith of tho village so completely as to force him to keep his bed in consequcnco of the shock he sustained. At Hammersmith ho found a determined op ponent in the shape of a laundress, to whom ho appeared in tho form of an immense baboon, six feet high, with enormous eyes, and arms of an extensivo length j and in strict keeping with his animal appearance, ho grunted like an hyena. This courageous woman, after an ineffectual attempt to avoid her uncanny visitor, determined to give him battle, and flew at liim with such fury that he was glad ?o givo up tho contest. Even the royal precincts of Kensington Palace did not oscape from his visits, ohildron hav ing seen the unearthly being dancing by moonlicht onthePalaco Green, and over and anon scaling tho walla of tho royal forcing houses. Iu conscquenco of the panic attending theso exaggerated stories, tho polico had strict orders to investigate their truth, but wero un able, in tho majority of oases, to trace any person who had really seen the apparition. That there wa3 mischief afoot-, howevor, was clearly shown by the applications at the Man sion House and other polico-courts',for protec tion. At Peckbara he caused tlio greateat alarm (judging by a letter to the Lord Mayor, from a resident there), appearing in a new character, as a spectre, and scaring out of her senses, amongst others, an unfortunate servant girl who opened a door to bim ; and tha writer also said that seven ladies had been reduced to the same unhappy'stato it-hrougli fright at the awful apparition. ' Lettei-3 poured into fhe Mansion House from all parts of London, showing how universal waa tho terror which had been inspired by this masquerading miscreant. Several persons, most especially women, were injured bodily in many instances by the claws with which ho appears to |have armed his hands, and if ono writer may be believed, several deaths on the south sido of London had been caused by tho shock his appearance had given. A letter from St. John's Wood stated that for a whole fortnignt that neighbourhood had been favoured with Spring-heeled Jack's attentions; he sometimes appearing aa a bear, and some times clad in mail. This correspondent), asserted that tho bet, which was supposed to be the causo of theso pranks, was that the monster should kill six women in some given timo. That his appearance was calculated to up set even tho stoutest-hearted must be ad mitted, for tho Lord Mayor himself, though much inclined to be sceptical, acknowledged that he had been given to understand, on un doubted authority, that in tho vicinity of Forest Hill, whero ho resided, ono of the female servants of a gentleman who lived near his house had been terrified into fits by the sudden appearance of a figure clad in a baar's skin, which, upon being drawn aside, exhibited the human body, with long horns emblematical of Satarihimsolf — clad in a suit of mail. The ?' ghost ' 'did riot disdain to avail him Belf of material moans of conveyance occa sionally, as is shown by a lettor to tho Morning Herald, January ,10th, 1838, from 'A Besident on Paddington Green,' who stated that he had seen, close to his house, a figure olad in white, closely pursued by two men, and, after a smart chase, this mattorof fact apparition jumped into a cabriolet, and was driven out of tho reach of his would-bo captors. . A committeo woa formed at tho Mansion House in January, 1838, for the purpose of receiving subscriptions, and to decide upon, the best means of capturing this uneasy spirit, and of visiting it with the punishment which it so richly deserved. ' In sending a donation of fivo pounds to tho fund, a gentleman residing at Dulwich wrote that his daughter was I vine ia a very dangerous state, having been nearly deprived of her sonses by the sudden appearance of p. figure enveloped in a white Bhcet and bluo fire, which had met her on hor return home from a friend's houso ; others equally testified to injuries received at the hands of tho hobgoblin. A reward of ten pounds was offered for the apprehension of the heartless scoundrel, but unhappily it com pletely failed in its object, and tie perpetra tor of this ghastly ' joke ' continued to be at largo, Thinking, perhaps, that he had dono aa much harm as he desired in the other parts of London, for a whole month Spring-heeled Jack devoted himself to disturbing the peace of mind, of tho dwellers in the East End of tho ..metropolis, the neighborhood of Bow being particularly patronised by him. One gross outrage camo beforo tho policemagi strate at Lamboth-street, and caused con siderable attention. A young lady, named Alsop, living rath her' parents in the vicinity ot Bow, stated that at about a quarter to nine o'clook on tho evening of February 21, 1838, sho heard a violent ringing at the front gate of the houso, and on going to the door to see what was the cause, she saw a man standing outside, of whom Bhe enquired what was tho matter. The person instantly replied that bo was a policoman, and said : ' For God's sake bring me a light, for we have oaught Spring-heeled Jaokhere in tho lane.' Sho returned into ?the house, and brought a candle and handed it to tha man, who was enveloped in a large cloak. The instant Bhe bad done so, however, he threw off his outer garment, and applying tho lighted candle to bis breast, presented a most hideous and frightful appearance, and vomited forth a quantity of bluo and white flamo from his mouth, his oyos resembling red balls of fire. From the hasty glance whioh hor fright enabled her to got at hia person, she observed that he woro a largo hel met, ond his dress, which appoared to fit him vory tight, seemed to her to resemble wlxit.e oil-skin. Without uttering a sentence he darted at her, and catching her partly by her dress, and tho back part of her neck, placed her head under ono of his arms, and com menced tearing her clothes with his claws, which she was certain woro made of some metallic substance. She screamed out aa loud aa sho could for assistance, and by considerable exertion got away from liim, and ran towarda tho houso to get in. Hor assailant, howover, followed, and caught her on tho doorstep, when ho again used con siderable violence, tore her neck and awna with his claws, as well as a quantity of hair from her head ; but she was at length resoued from him by ono of her sisters. Hor story was fully corroborated by her parents and sisters, and her injuries, whioh were very con siderable, bore unmistakablejtestimony to the truth of tho assault. Subsequently in Bow Fair Fields Jack nar rowly esoapod capture by some workmen, and it was only by his extreme agility, and inti mate knowledge of the locality that he got blear off. Two men wore arrested aB being concerned in this affair— one a master bricklayer, and the other a carpenter; but after a very long and searching investigation at Lainbetli-atrcet police-court, they were dis charged, as they wero not fully identified as being the actual perpetrators, though it was certain they know something morn aboutgthe matter than they chase to acknowledge. Anothor samplo of tho ghost's playful ways in the East End of London, was shown by a statement mado boforo tho magistrate at Lambeth-street polico- court, Maroli 8, 1838, by a Miss Scales, who deposod that as bIio and hor sister woro walking in Limehouso about half-past eight in tho ovoning, on coming to Grfen Dragon Alloy they observed aomo person standing in an angle iu tho pas sage. She was in advanco of her sislor at tho time, and just as sho oamo up to tbo person, who was enveloped in a largo cloak, ho spirted a quantity of blue flame right in her face, which deprived her of her sight, and so alarmed her, that sho instantly dropped to tho ground and waa aeized with violent fits, which continued for Boveral houra. This in dividual was doscribed as tall, thin, and of gentlemanly appoarance, and carried in front of him a small lamp, similar to thoso used by the police ; he did not utter a word, nor did he attempt to layhanda on tho young woman, but walked away in an instant. Not oonfining himself to tlio crowded parta of tho metropolis, ho mado tho suburbs his hunting-ground, and terrorised both sides of tho Thames to suoh an extont that but ? fow fomalos would venturo out aftor dark without sufficient escort. Ho visited Blaekhcath in a truly novel and marvelloua ^manner. Three ladies wero crossing tho heath ht about six o'clook, when they suddenly camo upon a mon strous figure before them, and aa tho lamps had been lit some time, they had a good viow. of it. Tho imonster, thoy said, had a phos phoric lustre, showed tremendous long oaro, horns and tail like thoso of a bullock. Oho' of tho ladies fell down in n fit, and the other two had resort to that potent weapon in . tho fomalo armoury, a' good soream, which promptly brought a policeman to thoir assis tance, and on his bold advance tho apparition, throw itself over his head and disappeared on the heath, during whioh gymnastic ; per formance, it was said, the hooka,' or springs, on his hcclB were distinctly visible. In a pamphlet, published at tho timo, wo havo preserved to ua a portrait of the ' ghost,' as he appeared in thia inBtance, and tho representation oven, much less tho reality, ia quite enough to upset the nerves of . any ordinary-minded person. Ho is depicted as olad in all tho orthodox details of a satanic outfit, hornB, tails, otc., with fearful claws on both hands and feet, tho latter additionally armed with largo hooks, attaohed to the heols, wliilBt his countonaneo puts any medinval conception of tho Evil Ono quite to the blush. No wonder, then, tho ladies nro shown as suffering an extremity of terror, with their mouths extended to their .utmost capacity, presumably screaming. In another tract thero is a similar'portrait of this man- fiend, its horrors being heightened by being highly-colored, and thoro ho is repre sented aa appearing in a ohurohyard to two women. In a third booklet ho appears as in half armour, with helmet, etc., his nether , HmbB being elad in a speoies of .fox-hunting cos tumo, a huge cloak adorning his back. . Having alarmed the dwcllera on' tho south Bide of the Thames, so. as nearly to deprive them of their senses, ho again crossod the wator, and appeared to a party of people near Holloway in the guise of a boar. Hore, how-, ever, ho mot with a reception ho hardly con-: templated, for thcro beiDg a briokfield handy, the men of the party treated him to a shower of bricks, a mode of treatment whioh he by no meahs relished, and whioh induced him to beat a speedy retreat. Ono evening, near Lord Holland's gato at Kensington, a gauut figure accoutred liko ;Don Quixoto, and covered with spikes, was seen striding along the road, and, after Btaring in the faces of some labouring men, disappeared in an instant. These men, it is said, wont into ;a beer-shop in the vicinity, and then relating what thoy had aeon, they - again went to tho placo where tho figure had appeared, in expectation of its return. :However,tboy did not meet it, but they saw an unoouth monster, having tho shapo of an enormous baboon, playing , its antics beneath some, treea ; whioh overhung .the road. Aa they approached tho oreature sprang; up on tho branches and disappeared, Spring-heeled Jack, of oourse, being credited with this mysterious occurrence. :? ; i Haokney was favored with an extraordinary vision 'of this- many-shaped intruder on the publio peace, for he appeared, so ' the story runs, in the shapo of a lamp-lighter walking on his head and hands, and carrying his ladder between his feet, to whioh was 'sus pended a lantern ; of larga dimensions, amply lighted. And this curious oreaturo, on being approaohod, somersaulted bo high that thoso who saw it wero utterly astonished. ?-' But this,- surely, is rather 'moro than even the most- . orcdulous ought to be expected to Bwallow, and the story must have been manu factured to feed tho publio taste for the marvellous. Another glimpse of him was had on tha road to Woolwich, when a blue flamo issued from his mouth, and a girl who witnessed it fell into fits. His dress on this occasion is described as that of a gentleman, with the somewhat Btartling addition of a wido strip of scarlet down tho back of his coat. Being pursued, he Bprung over the fences as usual, and was out of sight in an instant. Still lingering in Kent, he was found the following night at Dartford, where he was olad in a bear-skin, and amused himself with tho mis chievous trick of putting out the town gas and leaving the streets in darkness. The ubiquity of the follow was something wonder ful, and tended, of course, very much' to en hance his fame ; no sooner was ho hoard of in Kant than ha turned up at Hampstead Heath, springing over tho furze-bushes and. somorsaulting over tho gravel-pits. So numerous wore the tales told of Spring heeled Jaek that a good many must bo sup posed to be true; whilst, on tho other hand, great 'allowance muat be made for or'eduiity, some people not being content with tho^mar. vellous as they find it, but , being only too happy to add thereto. As a final specimen of tho nonsense circulated about his appear ance, perhaps the following is about the best: A wonderful sight, it wa3 said, was witnessed on Primrose Hill one evening. On tbe'eummit appeared a huge figure of. a man, in a flamo of pale blue; it then assumed the bulk of a massive elephant, then of a windmill iii full operation, and lastly, in lessening its dimen sions, it becamo a largo ball of snow, which rolled down tho hill, and escaped further notice. What Spring-heeled Jack had to do with this dreadful appearance isriofc at all clear, but it was attributed', to him, neverthe loss, suoh was the hold that ho had obtained over tho publio mind. Whcthor too much attention was beginning to be paid to him with a viow to his capture, or whother his lovo of mischief had died out, cannot bo torn, but acrtam it was that noth ing was known publicly of thia singular being after 'April, 1838, having kept London . in a ferment of exoitemont and terror for* about six months.- 7 ' . . Tho foregoing aro only a fow of the stories, ' voracious or otherwise, that wero related of him, spaco not permitting any mora detailed account to bo given. The notoriety this feliow had : obtained seems to have had tho effeot of making many, silly young men emulous to enaot tho ruffian in a small way, considering it the height of olevornoss to frighten women and ohildron out of thoir wits, under tho belief that Spring heeled Jack was attacking thom. 'Many cowardly assaults on women wero reported in various parts of the metropolis, under the im pression, doubtless, that it was all a 'lark;' but it was a joko tho victims harafly appro-, ciated, as, should they scream out in their terror, their unmanly assailants did not hosi-; tato to striko them with thoir fists, in the - mouth, in order to silence them. Ono of theso imitations of Jack, a young footman, who had kept tlio in)iqbitants of Kilburn in considerable alarm. by sallying out upon them disguised as a ghost, in a , whito sheet and hidesus musk, from which depended a long beard, wa3 captured and fined £i, whioh seems hardly, an adtquato sentence for the offence, seeing how Eeldom these gentry gavo justice a ohuuee of punishing them. ? , ? -i ? In a satirical paper, the ' Age,' of Maroh 11, 1838, is found a recipe for tho euro of ' spring-heols ' in ' Jaoks.' 'Tako of peaa, popper, salt, and gunpow der an equal amount. Fist mixture in blun deabuaii without ' soruplo.' Mako applica tion in tho region of tho ' os oooygis,' and lot ily. Wo aro happy in having tho best opinion that no person alllicted with ' Spring-lieoled Jackism ' can withstand tha offecta of this treatment of his nervous system.' Undoubtedly, if this proscription had boen followed cxteusivoly in its cntiroty by tho in habitants of London, thcro would not havo been much moro heard of tho pranks of thoso cowardly follows, whoso only rcdooniing point was that thoy abstained from plundering thoso who had beon weak enough to bo frightened by their appearanco. 