To Correspondents. ^ Appetitcs rationi pareat."—I may be unfortunately dull, but I don't see what you are driving at. Oily saints aud hypocrites are not confined to Rockhampton. Trot out a particular swindle and don't be vague. " Observer."—Can't make more than a sly dig at it. Which, see. Want solid proof to go on; *' Bdkgabeb."—Thank you. One of your yarns you'll find altered in finish, but it will pass muster. E.O.P."—The law provides for the protection of a married woman from the violence of her husband. As long as you don't seek that protection, you can do nothing, If you do, of course, the matter will be settled on the evidence yon can produce — or, rather, the evidence you do produce. Your complaints are, therefore, out of any newspaper's province, there being a legal way at determin ing their merits. I've written to you privately. " E. M." (Charters Towers).—The Colonial Secretary will doubtless use his judgment on the particulars you have disclosed to him. It ia useless for newspapers to go upon current rumours and "moral certainties." As for the assault case, the reading of all the evidence is decidedly against you. \- You two had a barney and you committed acts and words of insult which justified anything that followed. The mare fact that you didn't strike "the first blow is a very small matter under the circumstances. Supposing you had turned your horse in such a way as to imply riding him down, you would not .strike a blow, but you'd be the aggressor. Besides, it's all over now and it is better it should be forgotten. " Fair Play" (Port Douglas).—If there has been a miscarriage of justice, you must appeal in legal manner. Also forward a clear statement of facts to the Colonial Secretary and bring a distinct charge against the Police Magistrate. Send the same statement to one of the Members for your district and aks him to sec it through. But all the risk and responsi bility will rest on you. It would be simply madness to assume what would be a conspiracy to defraud, between the Police Magistrate and others concerned. Tf >ir>nVir-™nr.ir«r exists, prove it, and bring It properly under the notice of the head authorities in Brisbane. If that were done. and then the authorities connived at the matters, Figabo ■would wade in. But the whole thing is too mixed at present. The Dingo."—Tour sketch may have been swept and lovely when it left your charming pen. But its beauty has faded in transit. The loss to the universe is irretrievable, but, in these forked-lightning days, a man who runs a paper has to keep abreast of the times. The march of progress has overlaid your communication in the big go-as-you-please, and the bottle-holder rests his " pads " iu the waste-paper basket. A Mistress."—My dear madam, bad servant girls will steal the liquor more or less, and generally blame the cat for it. But your charge is far too sweeping when you say that all new-chum domestics are liquor- thieves. Even yon have had your turn of good lack and seem to have jumped from one extreme to the other, for you sayFor the first 20 years that I kept house in Brisbane, I never had a girl that stole liquor; for the last 2 years I never had one that did not steal it." That's not a bad run of luck. Pharaoh bad 7 years of plenty only and then 7 years of famine; you've had good luck, beyond the dreams of housekeepers, for 20 years; and, now, you've had 2 years of " kitchen cat." Honest servants are plentiful enough still. You should lay traps for your next liquor-thief, and double her up with some physic placed where it will be likely to be abstracted. Properly worked, the plan never fails. Nemd " (Mackay).—The humble South cares nothing for the parliament you people keep going at the classic retreat you call the "pie- shop." In fact, it may even be doubted whether " Bone on London," or " Kilner on ' Commotion * and horse-racing " would thrill our emancipated feelings. It's a painful confession to make, but my jaded, blas€ soul cares nothing whether " Borey and his bull-pup now take a back seat," or whether thev never take a nf. nil if. -would be some satisfaction, though, to learn reliable intelligence that the bull-pup had taken the back seat of your pants. And I positively gloat over the fearsome intelligence that the author of the last Mackay farce— " More than his Match," is about to break out in a fresh rash: for I view, with gleaming mind's-eye, the sufferings you Mackay dotards are about to endure. Yes, of course, get a lunatic asylum at once, "and neverlmind " Pratt's feelings." And hang1 your "Commercial Bank Boy's" handsomeness. Tou've sent so much news in one ex pectoration ; please only drivel next time, and tell us something tame. Joan or Arc."—The former inems., of which you speak as having sent, never reached ine. In the last sent, I should have liked further particulars ; those given, as you will see, are very meagre, though I worked them up to the fullest extent. I even had to get the date of the ball from another source. Charley." — With thanks; and please take this as my reply Calm down thy flutt'ring heart, sweet Claribel, And don't let ghosts of fears appal thee—don't! If you your secret keep and never tell, Be sure I'm mum. What ? Tell ? I won't! I won't! A thousand pens like yours send me their playful stabs, A thousand hearts rely on him who never blabs. " Amt."—No, dear, you don't buy "white lawn" from the lawn-dress. Wistos."—Commotion was scratched for the Melbourne Cup, at twenty-five minutes past eleven o'clock, last Monday, 12th inst. A'4 pastoral student" (jaekeroo) fresh from the old country,, came riding past a couple of station hands. He was in full English hunting fig—breeches, bootsj and spurs after the latest Leicestershire mode. The eight was too much for the simple bushmen, who stared at him wildly, till one said—,f Blazes! Bill, loot at 'is bloomin' 'oofes!" , Mr. Swakwick receives Resident and Vi»iting Pupils to prepare for all Legal and University Examinations, St. Uary's Kangaroo Point, Brisbane. 