EVENINGS AND MORNINGS IN THE BUSH. u PBtJTBSrBB." [Highways and byways in Borealia and Australia—Does God understand Latin ? —How all nations can pray in one House of rayer—Babel and confusion for ever—A Separate House of Prayer for each nation —The Rev. E. Stannary's exouse for falsifying God's Word—The Atheists a miserable fraction—Tbe most malicious Article of tbe 39—Preaohing, bat no unpreaching—A wet arrival at the Shoo and Shovel. An Irish author whom I once met published an account of his rambles in many lands under the title of Highways and Byways. Everybody knows the name of the writer, and Somebody has followed him along the pages of his book in his wanderings, and through Nederland and Alpenland, and by Trekschout and Oilwagen, chatting as he went, now with Boers and then with Barons, one evening by the light of a full and resplendent autumn moon, and the next morning fighting bis way against -blustering winds and driving rains and headlong mountain streams. Mr. Grattan's pedestrianisings were pre-railway and telegraph performances, when one ooula not "do", Belgium or the Valley of the Saar in forty-eight hours, or breakfast in the Rue l'Angleterre, and drink tea at Dische's. Mr. Grattan's pedestrianisings were through old historic scenes, 'With detours to rural sites adjacent, whereon the feet of armies had trodden harvests down in half-forgotten fends. He had monuments of ancient times to guide his pilgrim steps— towns,, and towers, and ruins, and relic-fragments of dead fortresses, and tombs, and fallen spires, and statues, and altars strewed over the lands "Whose highways and byway's he slowly traced out and told us of. But had he been with me when I was en voyage for Wooloumaurifer, when I had the Rev. \- Edward Stannery and his Church of England sister as compagnons in the mail-cart which then ran from the Black Swamp to Grongar, with letters and passengers, he would, have sought in vain for architectural signs and castellated tokens of the dead ohivalries and the buried ages in which were built the lofty walls of citadels which warrior assailants were to climb and combat for. The tourist would look for and seek in vain for mural marble tablets insoribed with .-conquerors' names, or.fororypts enolosing the feffigies and arms of valiant knights auy- where along the route to Wooloumaurifer. But, the, (taaveller on its highways and by-. ..',' ways < would behold the nasoent efforts of a grand new empire .struggling healthily and abnefully into agrarianand civic life, having '."well jCut its Oinlisatibn .teeth, and already presenting the i thews: and sinews, and proportions of-an "infant, republican Hercules, an agricultural, commercial, and politioal giant—Australia. As we were speeding on there met us. at every mile some pleasing evidence of the long and prosperous strides, by which British, industry and enterprise had advanced towards the ultimate and com- plete conquest of aboriginal barrenness and barbarism.' One thriving and well-replen-. ished homestead after another rose to view;, as' lil ft moving panorama the stubborn bush would show his scarred face and scorched bosom, where the hard-handed woodman had come with steel and fire to root out the leafy remembrance of him from the earth, and had inflicted wounds unhealable upon his boughs and stems and beauteous foliage. Ah, poor bush thy days a numbered! The war which descends from woodman's sire to farmer's son and squatter's heir: and, as thou canst neither fight nor ^PlP^^mriOiT ^oufcbt^ak odr s bow 1 ,'hfive : -*n|a 3 iVftuaMt Wcbd«en w)io' i**t*ouiddredMaee3and firadplougliihaiM ^^^SSlSS^** 9 Pd-anbftbitl tit An ' fltrfength and ttultif-ndinoBsBiray ft far-elttending bfat only passive. reSisttfnte and tacit defiance. And ,1 thought still more of the braVe and dauntless -women who rammed down tea and sugar end packed the flour and. othe*'~ cooking ammunition for the m r aroty' ard went away with the early, expedition to war in the forest wilderness, disdaining tbe bunyip hydra, and all the terrors of the spectre'haunted Solitndes; and now they hape won . safe homes, and seotire, tenures, and gardens,-and orohards, and full barns, aiid byres with overflowing milk-palils, and maufe, and wheat, and pasture paddocks, and vineyards—all that in old countries is eighed for and sought for as a oompetent heritage—and an almost manorial independence. Our highway ttom The Springs to Grongar had its tributary byways branohing off right arid left, and leading to " tuns," and " stations," and to " waterholes," ana to " Creeks," arid " gullies," which we had no ambition to explore, and oontented ourselves with admiring the pillars of smoke which ascended in the remote distance from clearing fires, - whioh looked like ooean waterspouts whioh had lost their way and got entangled in the bush. Our, highway, too, had its proper bush landscape incidents. On the " long embankment" ^e met a new edition of Robinson Crusoe, in the shape of a bush hunter wearing an opossum skin cap on his head, bearing an enormons bundle of opossum skins on his baok, and carrying a long-range fowling-piece in his hand. At " The Bridge," a very lonely spot in "the dale," a flock of cockatoos oame suddenly sweeping round the great clump of tall trees, which, like an Indian tope, crowned a hillock to the north of Little River. The flock oame whirling round from behind the trees quite abruptly, as if they did not expect tbe pleasure of an interview with one of ber Majesty's bush mail-oarts, and screamed in their shrillest and harshest alto notes as they shot through the air at a height of forty yards above our heads with hideous vociferations and arrow-like velocity, and vanished over the bank and scrub on the south side of the road. Among the fallen timber in the wood on the lower side of the dale six or seven kangaroos sat ereot and very oomposedly on their tails inside the fence, with their short, monkey-looking fore paws pendant before them, and eyed us with calm and insulting indifference, as we passed not more thau fifteen yards from the nearest of them. They seemed to understand that they were seourefrom our powers of misohief, and, after staring at us with provoking coolness, they hopped abont in quest of their favourite grass. "If I only had my rifle here," said my landlord from 'Wooloumaurifer, putting up' bis right band to his chin and levelling his forefinger in lieu of the gun, " if I had my rifle here I would give you a leaden pill to swallow and turn two of your tails into soup stook." But these small accessories of a bush-road journey were only brief interludes or episodes in the'main event of the day, whioh was thedisoossion between the Rev. Mr. Stannery and me, he support: i by his pretty sister, who seemed to taken very sincere interest in the subjeot, and appeiared to be desirous of gaining a right understanding of it when she found that she had misapprehended the meaning; of wljat St. Paul had Written about "unknown" tongues. I had shown with the most undeniable logio of facts that the translators of King James the First's Bible, whioh has been read in all Anglican ohurcbes at home and abroad for the last 270 years, had committed a . deliberate and infamous forgery, for the purpose of persnading people of .' all nations wherein British power hid penetrated that the use of the Latin language in the liturgical; worship of God was oontrary to the "Word of- God," or Holy Soripture. If this accusation" was true, the Oatholio Ohuroh was guilty of the grossest and most iniquitous folly, crime, and sin. But was the accusation capable of proof P Yes; certainly. Only read St. Paul's epistle to the. Corinthians, chapters xii. and xiv., and there you have the most express and emphatic, condemnation of the use of " unknown" languages when praying to God in the assemblies of the baptised gathered together for {public worship. The pagans and the heathen assembled at stated bonis on appointed days to worship false gods, to whom they offered prayers and tacrificet. The beathen nations built magnificent temples in whioh to pray to their- false gods, and they erected splendid altars on whioh to. uffertheir sacrifices of .lambs, sheep, oxen, birds oakes, and wine. The Jews had a magnificent temple, and.a gorgeous ritual, and splendid altars of gold and marble, and they had sacrifices of lambs, pheep, oxen, birds, bread, and wine. When Chris tcame he didnotabolish temples or houses of prayer, jHe didnot abolish altars, or rituals, ; or prie^(M,'or sMnfioe. In' all ages the human race has everliad tbe idea of a Superior Being of . some Jdnd,«na ThB atheists .have always been ^mieerable fraction of the humata race. Thia. jwing so, the principle of jdiijne .WOtttoP M settled. The,only question vi /as Xn the.mode or form orjnan'ner of'^prship., If we ctmsider, 1st, in what, lkuj^nage we, aie to pray to Goa. I suppose It ;ls pe^Mtly immaterial to God in What langriage wo ptey when "w§ go to church. M- ; nai : ofiiBmmte. that'Qo^understands Latin as asEfigBsh/or InSh,' or FtbnchV'br UjaBri,i or Chinese. . The grMd«bjeottof. ; OhtiBtfanitf isAo^evgcsethei oursejbf -Babel,(thB^oonfusioinpf tongues, unite aU nationSlin.the^ne^JH^v.MS^ action. eonls all. united in;, one and the sarte sot of devotion? There is |only one way of doing this, and that is by having one language fot all to pray in! and this js the we!y of the Catholic Church, and if all the nations of-"tbe'earth- wertf to become Catholio to-morrow the whoK popu-. lation on the surface of the Globe would pray in one Body, with one mind and-one mouth. The prophecy of Isaiah would thus at once be fulfilled, and the purposes of God for the reunification of the human race in His true faith be accomplished. The meaning of the Greek word Church is \a a collecting into one. Protestantism says- No; let us continue to be Babel, let us never be one, let us have divisions, let us have all nations in national houses, and all praying differently everywhere. And this [in reality] infidel protest against Christian unity is defended and justified by falsifying St. Paul's epistle. "I think," said the- Rev. Mr. Stannery to me, " that you are too severe on our translators and on our Authorised Version, because the insertion of the word 'unknown' may have been merely from want of philological accuracy or deficient knowledge of the laws of biblical criticism. We have advanced wonderfully in philological science and grammatical criticism since the time of King James I. At the worst, their putting in the word 'unknown' may have been only a mistake, and not a corrupt and malicious addition to St. Paul's manuscript." " Even if it was only a mistake in translation, the result is all the same," I said. " Upon this mistake you have been clamouring for 270 years against the Catholic Church, and you have made all Protestants believe a lie by your mistake. Will all you clergymen of the Anglican Establishment now go up into your pulpits and tell your Protestant people that St. Paul does not forbid the use of the Latin language in the worship of God ? Will you unpreach all the slander you have been preaching for the last 270 years against us in regard to our unscriptural use of an unknown tongue, as you called it ? Can you revoke your lie? Can you now make your people unbelieve the forged tale you have been telling them on each Sunday in every year for the lest 276 years, and on every week day for the last 40,000 weekdays, when they read their false Bible at home in their own houses ? No ! You can never undo this wrong, you can never repair this evil, because you don't wish to undo it or to make atonement for it. For, like true disciples of Machiavelli, you think that you have done good to your Protestant cause by that evil—by the falsification of what you say is God's Inspired Word. And now you seek to soften dowu the blunt, bare impiety of your forgery by calling it only a mistake, forsooth. Well, supposing it to be a mistake, that only mitigates tbe villany of your translators, but makes no reparation for the wrong you have done to. us Catholics and pur Churoh by the lie you have set afloat for three oentuiies and have eiroulat d all over the world, and defamed us wherever you have gone, and before God and man, accusing us of praying contrary to 1 the command of the Holy Ghost, though you forged the texts on which you rested your false and foolish and abominable charge. Even now you individually believe what you know to be a lie without any foundation to rest on-; youhave argued, hero, as we sit, against : me from your falsified verses as if they were true. You, as a clergyman of your Anglican Church, know that the verses are forgeries, and yeft you appeal to them against me who^havb proved to you that they are impious falsifica f tions; and all your Protestant people..do; exactly as you do. Will all you Anglican clergymen go up in* your, pulpits next Sunjday, and keep on going up in them for tbje next 275 years, abd tell your deceived people that you have been preaching a lie to them hitherto .about the Catholics using unsoriptural language ih their liturgy ? Will you do that ?' Miss Stannery looked at her brother with an expression of mingled amusement and vexation. She was amused "at the thought of the Anglican ministers being required to exonerate the " Romanists" from an offence with which the Anglicans themselves had charged them, and she was vexed because she could not deny the flagrant wickedness of forging texts of Scripture to maintain a calumny against the Catholic Church which the Anglicans themselves had concocted. "But, sir," she said.to me,_"if -the translation in ' ' rr! r First, was been made for ,the mistake m . siop, as lately revised, thai ia en6ugh, foi when people apologtee for a mi6take tney.au forgiven, and the thing is atira end." " it is not at an end,said, "M we'havj dear proof that the ap&logy; is inaincere, ani made only in mookeTy, aud i the- mlstaker-no only Wtherwise vindicated, tmt ^fWjfS; repeated." " But -wberejis thrt^dpn?;!; <sn aakedi . " It is d9ne,'" I .replied Ai 1 ? / ^ Thirty-nine Article?. for a V l t or' mistik< repeat it even while answerefl,"iii: does doneT* ^ she 24th He- jfidlnbt bat Aoid.WH Ar-Will 88Arf thp"39 g i fc^^a^^'^at ijllar^tateio^ut 'aS^SiOni add tion! as that wo®ftd,get ridl of y 0nr 2nd,' and of all-belief in God, so that i)t Wilberforee proved- too much, anff theiefeie proved nothing, and year 21th,Aftkile stnd« dead against y6or Revised Testai^t and biSds, ,yin .to your, Author^ed VeisfaB' and its forgery, of St. Paul'a )episUe to'iKe Corinthians.-. That_forgery^was no mistake. It did not oome of ignoranoe. . Tour trsna- -0.1.01- '—doing, and OUS/ falafioa. \- , - they put the word ' unknown into italics, when-printing the Authorised Version! show that there was no Greek for it'in the original. As good'Greek scholars, they understood St. Paul-perfectly. But they had a Lutheran lie in their hearts and beads, end they wisheS to give tbe colour of truth to it, and to cheat the people of England into an everlasting belief of their lie. So, they took liberties with God's Word. They, bronght in the Holy Ghost as witness for the lie, and thus got np "a scriptural argument" against tbe use of Latin in the Catholic liturgy 1 \ r Now (I said) I will tell your sister what your Churoh says in her synodal character. These are ber words:— Aetioeb xxxv.;—Of speaking in .the congregation in such a tongue as the .people under* It is a thing plainly repugnant to the Word of God and the tradition of the Primitive Ohurch to have public prayer, in the church, or to minister the Sacraments is a tongue not understanded by the people'. "Now," I said, "the whole mystery of iniquity is laid open. Here was the 24th Article of your 'religion' affirming a lie. It was adopted by Cranmer and other apostates from Luther. The lie was cir- culated among the people of England, who would not believe it. Then, to delude the people into Luther's "belief," the Scriptures were falsely translated, and by this false translation you entrapped the people, and, having got them into the lie cage, you must by all foul means keep them in it; and, with this object in view, the Bible was re-translated by order Of King James, and his chosen translators designedly, and with malice aforethought, forged a new text, and put a lie into the mouth of the Holy Ghost, in order to hoodwink the people, whom Cranmer, Latimer, Ridley, and other traitors had already by their Two Books of Homilies enticed into the Luther lie; and, to confirm them in the lie, they insidiously and hypocritically added the word 'unknown' to what St. Paul wrote, and called that false word the Word of God, and then by forgery manipulated a ' Scriptural argument' in defence of the 24th Article, which falsely accused the Catholic Ohurch of unchristian practices in using Latin prayers at Mass. This is the history of your 'unknown' tongue -and your 24th, Article." During the last few minutes a meteorological' change often experienced in the bush, had taken place. The sunny brightness ih the airdisappeared, or rather seemed transmuted, into a'subtile haze, whioh soon, thiokened into a damp, cold mist, which was speedily precipitated in the form of a light drizzle, which sopn increased to rain, and ere long oame down in straight, heavy,, slender, streams as if the ,sky bad been converted into a shower bath, and sent down its drenohing storeB in a pattering, penetrating torrent. The driver warned us that we were " in for it," and enoased himself in a long oilcloth, which rendered him waterproof. The' Rev! lfi>. Stinneiy shared his umbrella with his sister, who shielded herself in the folds of a large shepherd's plaid shawl. My landlord from Woclcum. despised umbrellas, which article of wear- ing apparel, along with pattens and petti- coats, should-be compassionately left to the indoor sex. The lady who sat between me and my landlord was armed against wet weather with a green cotton parapluie—oi enormous dimensions, with a handle as long and as clumsy-ai a churn staff—from which a cataract descended and fell in a refreshing jet between the collar of my coat and waistooat, and thence towards ana downwards along the spinal hollow, with a jsoft bnt by no means soothing triokle, wibl it finally emerged onthe oiishionof the ma)l» cart on whioh I had the pleasure of sitting. At the same time two minor spouts from two ribs of Mr. Stannery's umbreUa in front ;of me fell in two perpendicular columns on my two knees, and glided silently and unseen down my lower' garments into my Shoes, which, ere long, were converted into two portable ^foot baths. And then, as we came round this hill on the side of whioh Grongar ^Stands,- the Wind came in otir faoes, swirling tbe rain round and ronnd as a gardener flushes, his geraniums with a watering- pot, and; in this cheerful; condition,we drova.np to the door of the Horseshoe and Shovel Hotel, Wye-street. -j * May 6, 1685..'. . ,,, j,, Ma. R. CAtt, of Errol'Street/ Sotham, has, with the ataistanoe of the loM- Oouneil, fixed electric fire signals at furious,parts of tie town for: the purpose trf jiniore < ap'eeaily callingoutthe Hotham iire Brigade?. o'T Lahd ABT^Miotr.~Thef gnarf' art*union drawing td^wd'the Carmfeiite-Fathew' fenild* ing fund at Port ^Melbourriii will be drawn early in' June, in*he' Athena:am,' MelbonTne. Holden of books of .tickets arei reqnested. ; to leodiajthe blocks^ai'tsooa^poseible^.Ai there we a few, hwt^fittilLpn naoc)rpsr»ons wjshing jto^wfc jihe^ery: Rev. convent will be supplied on apphcataon to uis man • • 