THE BUSHMAN. Here am I stretched, in careless ease, Outside my hut in this strauge old wood ; The magpie chatters somewhere in the trees. And the curlew pipes in its dreariest mood; The passion-flower's clinging leaves interlace As a screen from the glare of the Getting sun, While phantoms of eld flit past my face With the old year's hours dying oat by one. Wattle-tree perfumes fall tliick on the sense, And acacia blossoms whiten the ground, W iiile the silence around me, growing intense. Would lap my soul in a languor profound. Save for the mosquitoes' unwelcome hum, Fanuing their nrtis as the day grows cool, Or the " inufiled monotones" that come From a haunt of frogs in a neighbouring pool. The forest is peopled with stiff, stark forms. That stare me like sentries in the face— Not meu, but grim weird trees, the storms Have thrown together devoid of grace— And parasites climb the bald, smooth sides, Hanging their tendrils froin every bough, Like my present life, that scantly hides The ghosts of hope that are ended now. "Friends?" I had troops in my younger days— At least they appeared to be so to me- They augured my future with smiles and praise. Faithful and steadfast they promised to be— But now, like a withered leaf lightly whirled By the wind from some far-off flourishing stem, I am blotted wholly out of their world. My very name is forgotten by them. " Books ?" Ah, well! I am not the dunce You may think me now, prosaic and slow— Grave or gay, I loved them once, And they quickened my poise long long ago— But useless now as these ringed old gams, To cheer or shade they have lost the art— As vinegar upon nitre comes The singer of songs to a worn-out heart. I was one time tempted to drown in drink The regrets that haunted me from the past— But the fiend was conquered—I could not link Remorse to the shadows around me cast— Hardly dealt with I think at times, I'll keep the innermost shrine unstained, Hoping still that more generous climes May in God's universe yet be gained. Aims, that formed the romance of youth— Hopes, that stirred me in earlier life— The yearnings for undiscovered truth, With which my boyish days were rife— The thirst to rise, excel, command— Seem only now to provoke a smile, As I take my felling axe in my hand, And hack at the forest with mwlwa toil. Now for my pipe. The dying sun Darts its last rays through yon old sheoak : And the phantoms vanish, one by one, Before the ascending wreaths of smoke. I have done an honest day's wort, God knows, And when I turn in, and go to deep. All I ask for is deep repose In dreamless slumbers my soul to steep. ' A. C. S." in " Australasian." 