fiCTidfc The Luck of the Darrells. By James Payn, Author of 'By Proxy,' Ca.rlyon'6 Year,' &c.;, &c.; Chapter XIX. -A SOFT-HEABTED TRUSTEE. In the method which Colonel Darrell had chosen for leaving tbe world, it is probable, since other considerations besides selfish ones certainly moved him, that he had intended to give as little trouble as possible ; but as many things ' gang gley' with us in our plans and desires, while alive, it is not surprising that nutters turn out contrary lo our expectations after death— such, (or example, as coming ashore again when we fancy we have left for good and all. Ab the boatman had prophetic J, the sea gave up her dead at a certain time and place, aad tbe 'it' which had been 'he' was carried back to the hotel, where Phiiip Langton agycicuuj anaiwu lit uun icitiuic ai c du^u u*^«(iuga| with their unwonted pathos and demonstrativeness on one side, and their etill more unwonted impassivity and apathy on the other ! The sole satisfaction permitted to Langton was that he had persuaded Hester that no such meeting was possible, and had tnerefore induced her to remain in town when he took the afternoon train for Brighton. Ho ir cruel it is to rob us of the picture we have fondly made for ourselves of some lose and loved one, to hang for ever in the long galleries of memory, by substituting for it the image which decay haa touched 1 For the purpose of identification, such an ordeal must be in some cases endured, but very often it is unnecessarily suggested and insisted upon. Fhilip Langton suffered as perhaps tew men would have suffered from such an experience, but so much the more he congratulated himself thit Hester had been spared it. His own presence on the spot, independent of the obli gations of friendship, was absolutely necessary. There would, of course, be aa inquest, and who so competent to give evidence respecting his dead fnend as himself ; above all, who so conscious of the necessity fur silence upon certain subjects ? As the case appeared to the outside world, nothing could be simpler, and before the public investiga tion took place, the whole matter had disclosed itself with equal simplicity to Langton; only the conclusions that were thus severally arrived at were wholly different. Langton was quite convinced that his friend had volun tarily and designedly met his death by drowning, and that he had beeu led to do so by remorse npon his daughter's account, whose entire fortune (i.e., the money he had always intended to leave her) he bad squandered. On the other hand, by his death he had provided her with £5000, the amount of hiB life insurance, and this, by the term? of the policy, would not be forfeited, even though he should be proved to have committed suicide. Lington recollected his friend having alluded to this fact, with the subsequent catastrophe even then no doubt in his mind. It seemed to him, indeed, that the Colonel's proceedings had for some time been leading up to it. His placing his daughter with Mrs. West upon pretence of going for bis health to the sea side, the arrangement of his correspondence and of his affairs, which Langton had, as his executor, investigated, all pointed to this, down to. the letter left behind him at the hotel addressed to Langton himself, and which obviously was written for that very purpose of his identification to which it was subsequently put. Ncr could it be argued that the motive, from the poor Colonel's point of view at least, was insufficient. From the statement of his accounts, it appeared that when tbe fatal act had been committed he hid become almost pennilesB, and that from the policy of his assurance ceriain debts would have to be deducted which would reduce Hester's means to etill smaller proportions. As to his losses at the cardtable and on the race -course, those, it was to be presumed, had been settled as they arose, but tbat they had been very con siderable of late was now a matter of common talk, a rumour very annoying to Langton, not only as likely to grievously | offend HeitePs ears should it ever reach them, but also, which was of etill more consequence, to affect the result of the inquest by suggesting a motive of self-destruction. As regards tbe latter matter, however, no harm ca*me of it, for the coroner's jury came to the conclusion that Colonel Darrell bad met with an accidental death. Philip Langton was the only person wbo knew better, ;for though, curiously enough, nurse Arkell, as we bave seen, had put him in pos session of the fact that hid convinced him to the contrary, it did not carry that conviction to her own mind. She only thought that the Colonel had been ' reckless' in bathiog in deeper water than wa6 safe, 'and tbe very circumstance tbat Laagton had described it as an act of selfishness had bad the effect he bad intended, and closed the mouth that could never speak but loyally of her dead master. Thus, thanks to the solicitude of her father's friend, Hester never knew the worst of the matter in connection with ber irreparable loss. We Fay irreparable, for it is not i- 1 ways by our intrinsic worth that our loss is measured by those we leave behind us. Tbe man of genial nature ia often more missed than one of better principles, to whom tbe gift of a kindly manner has been denied, and as regads tbe world in which Richard Uarreil moved it could certainly be said of ft that it oould better have spared a better man. There was an unmixed respect for him expressed in the drawing-rooms and at the clubs. At many a house in Belgravia the lady of the house would endeavour to snatch a fleeting reputation by expressing her conviction tbat the Colonel's like would never sit at her table again; but as in many cases he had only sat there. once, and by reason of finding it a little doll had resolutely refused to come it aeain, it is probable thit these disconsolate hostesses experienced the heating effect of time, and forgot him before the week was out One or two mature ones ot tbe gentler sex (among which was Mr. Brabazon) ventured upon even a higher bid for the sym prtby of society, and affecttd to lament the Colonel as one wbo if life had been left to him might bave become even nearer and dearer to them than be was. Younger ladies made him a topic in beginning conversation with strange partners or next neighbours at the dinner table. ' What a s id thing that was about poor Colonel 'Darreil,' to which the other would reply sympathetically with perhaps a 11 sider ' about the strength of the tides at Brighton which they had culled from the inquest. At the clubs, of course, the general regret was much more personal. It was admitted on all hands that the Colonel ' was a capital fellow,' ' one in a thousand,' and (with some confusion of metaphor), 'a man who had always lost his money without turning a hair.' It was whispered of late months he had lost a great deal of money, and tbat Mr. Digby Mason had won it ; which was a pity, as that young gentleman was about the latt man to be induced to lose it again. Some quaint expressions which the dead man had been wont to use continued to be quoted for some time with a regretful smile, and might fairly be said to have survived him. The occasion of bis burial was seized upon by half the world of fashion to ' demonstrate ' by wreaths and crosses, not only its respect for tbe departed, but the seriou* views it entertained at bottom of death and immortality. Engage ments of various kinds unfortunately prevented its attend ance at the funeral which took place at Ken sal Green, but it was represented by some of the gravest coachmen, the tallest footmen, and the finest carriages and horses in London. Nurse Arkell and Hester, with Mrs. West and Philip Langtoi, were the only mourners, but at the ceme tery Mr. Dieby Mason made his appearance, a circumstance which to those who knew him, had they known it, would have caused considerable surprise. Langton resented it ex ceedingly C though it was not easy to say why), and the more so since this tribute of respect was noted with Hester's approbation.* He did not understand that the very fact of her being grateful for so small a service showed how little sbe expected from him who paid it. The truth was that for tbe present Hester's regards were only to be won as it were tecond-hand, through tbe memory of herdead father. Her own self ws6 obliterated, and even the affection she felt for Philip Langton was evoked rather by the place he had occu pied in the Colonel's heart than by his devotion to her interest. It is not every girl who, orphan and desolate, can boast of I audi a friend ; with some, too, pecuniary matters are so pressing that there is no space permitted for the indulgence -'..w in the luxury of grief ; tbey may weep indeed, but they have to ' work and weep ' at the same time. There are few things more pitiful than that ignoring of Necessity and tbe Common Fate which so often happens to widows andoiphans suddenly deprived of their natural guardian. They may be quite free from selfishness and egotism, end yet the catas trophe seems to them so appalling as to do away with the ordinary conditions of existence ; they live, move, and have their being, in such an atmosphere of mourning as almost abuts out the sun iteelf and prevents them from regarding matters with any sense of proportion. This was in some degree the case with Hester ; in any other circumstances, she would have been prompt to relieve her friend of all trouble on her account, but a sort of lethargy bung over her, which, with perhaps mistaken kindness, her hostess and her daughters made no effort to dispel. It was no wonder, therefore tbat Philip Langton, wi*h his delicate sense of what was due to a eirl's sorrow, abstained from speaking with her upon business affairs a much longer time than is usual in such cases. He might perhaps have delayed the matter still further but for a circumstance which accidentally came to his knowledge, and which somewhat piqued as well as pained him. Notwith standing the seclusion in which, through Mrs. West's con sideration and kindnes*, Hester was permitted to rjmain, it seemed that she had not denied herself to Mr. Digby Mason : on one occasion at least, when that gentleman, had called he was admitted to her presence and eve i granted a private ia terview. ' I was out of the house when Mr. Mason called,' was Mrs. West' explanation of tbe affair to Philip Langton, ' or should certainly not have permitted ber to see him alone. It was injudicious, and under the circumstances almost com promising, though dear Hester, of course, was quite uncon scious of that.' ' Mr. Mason, however, was not unconscious of it,' observed Mr. Langton drily. ' Well, I don't know, some men are ignorant ot every thing becoming in a woman except a bonnet? I should be unwilling to think that the thing was done deliberately with the purpose you suggest. However, as far as I can gather, Mr. Mason took nothing by his motion. He bad his inter view, and it seems to have been a pretty long one, but that was all. Marion happened by chance to be at home, though it bal been arranged tbat 6he was to accompany Grace and myself into town that afternoon.' ' And Mrs. Brabazon knew it,' put in Langton quickly. ' Why, yes, it was to Mrs. Brabazon' s tbat we were going.' ' Just eo ; the man knew that the cosst was clear.' ' My deir Mr. Langton, you hive the intuition of a de tective,' observed tbe lady, smiling. '' I wish I had,' said Philip gravely ; ' unhappily, I have only tbe suspicion ; pray go on.' ' Well, from Marion's account it would Eeem that the interview was by no means a tender one. Hester's man ner, at least, at parting from her visitor was ae cold as an icicle ; and what was very curious, his aasociation with (he poor Colonel— though we find that tbe least touch on tbat string melts the very soul within her — did not seem to have affected her in the least. Moreover, 1 bave observed Hester and this cavalier of hers on other occasions, and so far as an old woman can speak with certainty of a young one in such a matter, I am confident that he has small cbance of persuading Heater Darrell to become Mrs. Mason.' ' Heavrn forbid !' exclaimed Langton, so earnestly that a suspicion began to dawn in bis companion's mind tbat these close inquiries of his concerning Hester's pro ceedings were not altogether disinterested. It was pro bable tbat the poor girl wsb not left too well off ; and albeit there was a considerable disproportion as to years, it seemed to Mrs. West that Hester might ' do worse ' than marry her father's friend. Mrs. West was far too sensible a woman to shut her eyes to facts, and she felt that the loss of tbe Colonel had depreciated Hester's value in tbe matrimonial market. The daughters of a bishop are not so much sought after by curates and others when their papa has been translated from his earthly diocese ; and so far, if so far only, the Colonel had resembled a bishop — his social position could no longer avail his child. Tbe morning atter the conversation with Mrs. West, Langton called on Hester by appointment in his character as executor to her father's will. She received him with affectionate respect and expressions of gratitude for all that he had done for ber tbat he strove in vain] to silence, yet her manner was unexpectedly quiet and self restrained. If it was possible to picture Hester Darrell as a woman of business one might almost have done so, as she sat silent and attentive to every word of Philip Langton's statement of her affairs. He did not go into details, which, indeed, it was most necessary to avoid ; it would never have done to let her know, for instance, that all she had in the world was derived from the policy of her father's life insurance, but he put the figures before her with great exactitude. ' \ou have but a small fortune, my dear,' he observed in conclusion, ' but to a young lady of y our simple tastes it will be found sufficient ; if my calculations are correct, you will have four thousand 'five huadreiand fifty pounde of your own.' Fhilip Langton laid an unconscious stress upon the odd fifty as being the exact sum that the Colonel and Hester, supposing the former had been Btill alive, would have had to live upon. ' Can I have this money at once 1' inquired Hester quietly. ' The whole of it— the principal ?' exclaimed Philip Langton in amazement ' Nay, surely not ; it is in my hands in trust for you.'1 ' 1 thought perhaps papa bad loft the time of payment of the money to your discretion. Of course I am not of age ; but then he never treated me as a child ; and 1 thought — or at least I hoped— that he might have placed an unusual confidence in me ; but it was not so, it seems.' ' She looked so disappointed and distressed that Langton's heart was touched. He had net the least idea what she could want money for, but he felt certain, from her man ner, that it was no trivial sum of which she stood in need, or in fancied need. In character he well knew that Hester, notwithstanding her ignorance of tbe world, was, as she had expressed it. by no means a child. From the little follies and extravagancies to which young ladies are prone she was altogether fiee ; her efforts had always been directed to curtail rather than to swell, not only their ex penses in Welham-street, but those which the Colonel had always been so ready to lavish on her person and her pleasures. It was certainly not mere fancy, therefore, that urged her to apply for funds. There was a tenderness in the tone of her pleading which showed that it came from the heart; but it had nothing of coaxing in it; the matter was evidently too serious and too earnest for cajolery. Now a man may be an excellent guardian and vet a very indifferent trustee, and such was the case with Philip Langton. He had as much truth and loyalty in his compo sition as human nature is capable of, bat where his affec tions were concerned he waa deficient in firmness. He could ' put bis foot down vehemently enough to stamp out a viper,' but if there was any risk of wounding some tender and innocent creature, he walked more delicately than Agag. He was, in fact, not one of those gentry who, being dear about the law being on their side, find it always easy to say ' No.' Moreover, though the Colonel had made no special pro viso such as Hester had hinted at for her having control of her money before the usual time, Langton was well aware that he wonld have wished his daughter to be, as far as was reasonable, her own mistress, and the wishes of Ida dead fnend were sacred to him. ' if you will tell me what yon want the money for,' said Langton gently, ' and I approve of the purpose to which you would apply it — or even if you choose to make a secret of it and it is not a large sum ? ' *' It is two thousand pounds,' interrupted Hester gravely. ' Two thousand pounde, Hester ! ' he echoed in amaze ment; why that is nearly half your fortune. It is quite monstrous, and out of tbe question that I ehould advance you any such sum. What can you possibly want it for P ' The question was a most injudicious one, or, rather, the asking any question was most injudicious. It opened the door for argument after it had been closed. ' It is fora purpose which lam not permitted to mention, Mr. Langton. So far I fed that my application must needs seem unreasonable. Upon the other hand, I lud permitted myself to hope that, from what yon know of me, you might have given me credit for— well, no, that would indeed have been to expect too muoh. Let me say, dear Mr. Langton, that I rather trusted — if I ventured to indulge myself in expectation at all — to the tenderness of your heart. I may, perhaps, be permitted to take it for granted that you con sider me incapable of any very egregious act of folly or extravagance. I know you would not think that 1 asked you for such a sum for tbe purpose of throwing it in the gutter ; but my chief hope, I acknowledge, was in that personal kindness you bave always shown me, and which I thought might be induced to stretch even to this great length.' ' But. my dear girl,' exclaimed Langton, iu a tone of such distress that it suggested for its accompaniment tbe wringing of hands, ' 1 am not a free agent. If the money were mine — and, indeed, if 1 had the money, you should be as welcome toit a a ' ' Nay, nay, my dear Mr. Langton,' interrupted Hester gravely, ' you must not talk like that, it is painful to me, because I believe every word you say. Of course if the case was as jou put it, I should nothave opened my mouth; but tbe money being mine, or rather being abaut to be minn, and tbe purpose for which I need it being, I solemnly assure you, the discharge of a sacred obligation ? ' ' What obligation ?' putin Langton. ' Something con nected with your dear father ? ' ' Yes. There, 1 can tell you no more; and I may have done wring in telling you tbat much, but having done eo 1 may aid that were my dear papa alive he would, I am quite sure, approve of tbe object I have in view.' ' It is nurse Arkell,' exclaimed Langton triumphantly, ' you are thinking of making provision for tbat faithful soul! Now, though that does credit to jour feelings, my dear girl, and I cordially sympathise with them, there is a mwlinm uj these matters.' ] ' It is not nurse Arkell, Mr. Langton,' put in Hester j quickly. ' I have satisfied myself that she is placed above all reach of want, though far indeed removed from the prosperity she deserves. Pray press me no further. Even at the price of your agreement to my request I could not in honour explain its cause. _ Imagine,' therefore, how distress ing must be these questionings, which are made, it seems, without any intention of acced.ng to it ; nay, I did not mean to be unkind,' she added pathetically, while her eyes filled with tears, ' but it seems so hard to be unable to do what is right and just, even with one's own.' At the sight of her grief Philip Langton's heart began to melt within him, and to suggest arguments against him self. He imagined it possible that the Colonel had left behind hun come secret that had come to bis daughter's knowledge, and which involved some shameful, but none tbe less binding. obligation : her resolute silence upon the matter, the embarrassment which it obviously caused ber, and her extreme solicitude to obtain her object, all com bined to corroborate this view of affairs. It was true that Richard Darrell tand himself had been close friends ; had had, as the phrase goes, no concealments from one another ; but there are certain secrets sometimes unshared even between Damon and Pythias. True, it should have struck an executor that an ' infant' of Hester's age and sex could hardly be a good judge of the merits of a matter in every sense so questionable : but for the present Langton was overwhelmed with the reflection how extreme must the necessity of the case have appeared to the poor girl to compel her to speak to him upon such a subject at all, and what distress of mind she must even at that moment be enduring. 'Though it may 'seem hard,' you must not think me hard, Hester,'' he answered gently ; ' the sum you ask for is nearly half your fortune, the safe custody of which I am answerable for. If I were to consent to your request and you were to pay this money away— which I fear it is your intention to do' (here sbe made ajjesture of assent, a grave inclination of the head without a ghost of a smile, which seemed to corroborate all his suspicions), ' you would then have scarcely enough left to live upon ; it is not as if you had sisters, each of whom could club their little incomes with your own, and so build comfort as it were oat of the very bricks of penury ; rememberjyou are quite alone in the world, Hester.' '? I know it well,' she answered, with the first touoh of bitterness he had ever heard lall from her lips. ' Still, believe me. with that diminished income of which you speak, and with the consciousness of having done my duty, 1 shall be happier far than if I had the riches of the ladies and hid neglected it' 'Everybody will say I am Buch a fool.' murmured Langton, with an air of conviction, ' and everybody for once will be quite right.' ' There will be one person, however,' returned Hester gently, ' a mere girl it is true, whose opinion ia not worth much, but who will to the last hour of her life think other wise ; who will never forget that you put confidence in her when you might reasonably have declined to do so, and lifted a burden from her heart when no other man in your place would have put forth his little finger to lighten it.' ' Well, well, if nothing else o»n make you happy, you shall bave the money, Hester,' said Langton, smiling and holding out his hand. She seized it eagerly, and before he could prevent her had carried it to her lips! ' If you have not made me happy, dear Mr. Langton,' sbe said, ' you have at least prevented me from being veiy, very mieerable.' 