j The Irvington Veteran. I Uncle Aimer's Experience with a Ghost. Ghosts furnished tho cheerful subject of con versation at tho Irvington Tavern on Wednes day night, nnd a thrilling ghost story was woll under way when tho voteran eamo in and took his seat. Ho listened patiently until tho spoaker wns through, and then said quietly — ' I huiu't got no symperty with ghosts. I think thot a man ns is fortinato 'nuif to git away frum this oirth and its trubbles is a blamed galoot ef he comes back hero and haunts enny cold graveyard or olo Bhanty in tho country. Ho orter count liisself lucky to git away, nnd not como back hero and haunt his olo friends.' 'Did yo eytr see a ghost, Ab?' asked tho shoemaker,- who wris eating an apple, and had hiB mouth full when he asked him the ques tion. ' Yes, I hov seed a ghost — a dozen uv them, for thet matter — but 1 want to toll you right now, Waxy, thot I wish't you wouldn't oall mo Ab. I liato niclmumes wuss than pizen ; my nume's Abner, and there dou't nobody know it better than you do, Waxy. I don't mind Doo calling mo Undo, and I never kick when Nosey Jack calls mo old Old Tnnk, ef ho only confines the use uv the name to axin' me up to tho bar, but on general princerpuls I hate ni'knames, nnd ef you can't call mo Abner, coll me Mister Hammel.' ' AVhere did you over seo a ghost, Pop ?' queried the doctor, just to see if Abner would tako exceptions to the nickname as he had to 'Ab.' The veteran took not tho slightest notice of tho name, but remained apparently buried in thought for about a minute ; then settling back in his chair, he said - - ' The last ghost I hed ennythin' to do with wuz Bun Elliott's. A good menny uv you re member Bun nnd his darter Minty, ez lived down on tho Hammock road in tlie shingled house jist beyant tho brook. Well, some uv you'll reckerlock thot Minty hed a will uv her own and a beau. His name wuz WillPet tenger, and he wuz boss in a dead lioss factory on Great Tsland et thet time. He uster drive over ter seo Bull's darter twict a week ontil tho ole mail soured on him fur suthin', und sed his darter wasn't never goin' to marry a hoss undertaker no how, and ef Pettingcr didn't make hisaelf scarce mighty quick, he'd blow the hull top uv his head offon him. ' Well, he jest stood and grinnod et the ole man et fust, but then ho got solium over it and sed, ' ' See hero, Mister Bunnell Elliott, cf your darter Minty sez she'll hav mei, I'll tako her now right afore yer oyes, gun or no gun, and don't yer forget it.' Minty, she was alisten in', and sho jiat stepped outen the kitchiog door, aud put her hand iu Will's, sayin', ' Whnr you go, thor will I go,' and so forth. The ole man lookt kinder 'stonished fur a minnut, and then lie broke fur tho closet, where ho kep' his gun. Whilst he wuz a gettiin' the shootin' iron and loadin' it, Will and tbe gal slit out-doors and got into his buggy, and in less than five minnitB they wuz in front uv my house a-hollerin' fur me to go and see Bun and try to pacerfy him. 'Now you all know me,' said tlie veteran, glancing around to Bee that nono of his andieneo hod gone to sleep. ' Wei!, you know how far I'll go fur to relievo distress ef thar's a nire young gal in the case, bo you kin 'low thet I warn't long a gottin' down to Bun's house. When I got down I found the ole man a settin' on a big stono et the corner uv his lano a ravin' and cussin' like a muduinn, nnd a holdin' his ankle in both hands. ' What's ther matter, Mister Elliott?' sez I, and ho never anser'd, but jist reached arter his gun ez wnz o-looiiin agen the fenoe. I wuz kinder scart fnr fear he wu» goin' to pop me jist onct for fun, and I sed, ' Let mo 'sist you inter the house.' ' Go to blazes,' he said, and with that he jumpt up and hobbled down tho lnno to the side gate. 1 turned to go back homo, but I hedn't got ton foot whon I heord both barrels ov his gun go off, almost both to onct, aud looking' back undur tlie trees I seed him hnngin' onter toe gate lilce a big rag. T run down the lane fords him and wuz jist goin' to put my hand on his shoulder, when ther heat lightnin' flashed and I seed thet Bun wuz a dead man. Hb hed up tho gun kiter his mouth und blowed off the hull top ov hia beud.' I was that scart I couldn't move fur a couple of mincits, but I got aiy wits agpn and' run fur tho village to tell the corona. 'Now do you know,' said Abnor solemnly, 'thot I novae hev ben able to git the sight uv thet man out uv my head. I never hev beu past his houso at night without iindin' him a hangin' over that gate. Mabbo you think it scart me to see him thur, but it didn't. I never went out uv my way on 'count uv it, and of the night wero very dark I'd go olost along tho fence on that side purpus fur to see it. I did that for a'bout three years, cause it had a kind uv 'traction fur me thet I couldn't count fur or get over ontil on# night I guets Bun must hev got tired uv seem' me pus-i without speakin' to liihi, and made up his mind fur to see me cloBter to hand. ' I wuz a-comin' down oti his side uv the road a whistlin' 'Fanny Elsler,' whan I stopped shout, thinkin' I seed suthin' movin' ahead uv me. It wuz 'bout liulf-pa.-t fl, and darker 'n pitch, and I wuz 'bout fifteen foot frum the lano. I crep' up softly, and thar sittin' on the same stone ee before was a man a-holdin' his ankle in both hands, but he wuzn't groanin' or cussin'. I got dizzy like, and rcaoh't out fur tho fonco to hold myself up, and I reckon thiB 'larmed the ghost, fur he reaohod out fur suthin' batik uv him, and limped down the lane to'rds the gate. ' It was so dark that I couldn't see him arter he passed tho button-ball tree in the lane, so I ldnaor recovered nnd stepped up to tlie corner 'and tried to peek through tho darkness. I 'spootod over y minute to hear bang-bang from the ghost's shotgun. I roe Icon it wouldn't s'.priso me a bit if I'd a heered it. I moved along np the road kinder sorry it wuzn't a little lighter so that I could see if Bun was a-hangm' over tho gate in the lane, and when I oome to the front gate uv the house I stopped and stoopod down to see if I couldn't git the other gate between me and the sky. Whilst 1 was down suthin' come over me like a oold ohill, and I turned my head to see what wnz the matter. ' There, standin' over mo, wuz a man 'bout Bun's sizo, with a gun in his hand, but I couldn't see his fuco, and ez I tried to raise up and git a look at his count'nancehe fetched me a belt over the head with tho stock uv the gun. Ic didn't seem to hurt me a bit, but I m«Bt hov fainted dead away, fur I didn't know nothing' moro ontil sun-up next dav, when I found myself a-layin' in Elliott's kitcmng with a big lump on my head. I got np and shook myself and started fur hum. On the way I thought I'd like to hev a ohew uvterbackor, and felt for my plug. It were gono, and I reckoned Bun's ghost hed tule it. I didn't grudge him it, knowin' how long he'd been without a chew. . ' That wuz the last time I seed a ghost ez I could be sure wuz genuine,' said the veteran. 1 It was tho last timo I seen Bun's ghost, eanyho w, 'cause arter that I alius tuok anuther Toad when I had to go down to Meeker's at night.' I ' Then you aro not afraid of spirits ?' re marked the dootor, addressing the vetoran, whose face expanded into a broad smile. 'Notef thoy'm tho right kind, with aloctle sugar and hot water in 'em. Ef you think I'm 'fraid uv 'em, jist bo a medium and oall 'em . up now.' The dootor ohoorfully oomplied by request ing tho barkeeper to make a ' hot apple,' for the veteran, and while it was being ooncocted several ef the younger membors of the cirolo disappeared through tho dining-room door. When Abner was ready to start for homo, a quarter of nn hour later, he was fortified with no less than four ' hot nppleB,'- one of whioh he 'called up ' for himself, while the other mani festations woro produoed by two yonng men who seemed to havo au objeot in delaying his departure as long as noiwiblo. When lio finally tore himself away and started down tho road sovoral of tbo company might havo boen ob Borvod oautiously following him, and when ho turned into tho Toad leading to his homo thoy woro closo behind him, trending carofully and watching for developments. Suddenly a_ whito figure Btarsted np from the plank- walk direotly in front of tho votornn, ajnd soared up a foot from tha ground, spreading eiit its arms and waving them to ini fro. 'Hello,' ejaeulated tho old man, wkh the greatest composure, ' whit air you doin' out with them thin olothos on this oold night t Ain't yOu 'fcoid you'll git tha nswmonyer ?' Tho ghost groaned an unintelligible answer, whioh seemed to inspire pity in ATtmer's breast, and reaching out lie said — ' Come here, you pore onfortunit crceter. I'll . jest, -take,.ypu down to tho house and giyo 'you somo decent clothes.' Just as his linnd touched the whito figure it gave a screech and Bank into the path from wlienco it came. ? This should havo discon certed almost any mortal, but'it did not appear to have that effect on Abner, who' knelt down on tho sidewalk and pulled a long white sheet from the cavity ' where a bourd had been re moved. ' If I oan't gib you, I kin git yer olothes,' ho said, as he pulled out his knife and out tho lino, whioh was attached to several places- on tho ehc_-t, and before rising to his feot the old man mudo it into u bundle and pushed it under his coat. Then rising to his feet he staggered away down tho road, heedlesB of the pleading voices in tho tree ovor his hcad'and iu tho field, at his Bide. ' I reckon thoy won't play any more larks on tho old man, onlest thoy are a Icctlc moro care ful how thoy. give themselves uwuy nforehiuid and don't whisper so loud;when;they're puttin' , up tho job,' said Abner to the idpetor on Thurs day morning. r . 