A WESTERN LANDLORD. A Stout ey Maby Habtweli. Cathek'r-ood. AFTnon OF " CUAQTTE OF DOOM," " OLD CALEBS PATS," ETC., AND NTOTEBOUS SERIALS AND STOBIES IN WIWE-AWAKB, MTPIXCOTr's, HAKPBES', ETC. A tottso village doctor iff. a young village doctor, whether he carries a medicine case in the year JS95. or & pair of pili-baga in 1857. Bat s£l joung doctors are not &s; large and white and full of vigorous blood as Brotherton was. Instead of his usual piU-bags, however, he-held a well-stuffed carpet- sack in his hand as the hack Tumbled with him into Millport. The whole snowy country was steeped in moocilight t which threw back a cold, knife-like glitter from the ice over Sugar Creek. The shadow of a flour-mill fell over the hack as it jogged across the bridge, and no light appeared in tbe post- office where the mail bag ouglrt to be delivered. It was after 10 o'clock. The vehicle stopped midway of the one long street, at once the county noad and Millport's spinal column, and Brotherton alighted with his carpet-bag, exchanging a word with the hack driver. This half-asleep and weather-hardened being then bumped ahead over-frozen mod to the tavern which appeared to lie directly hugging the north pole, for such timber as inclosed Millport opened there opon boundless' white prairie. In those railroadless days Chicago seemed nearly as remote as China to the inland Illinoisan. Brotherton jumped a glazed mud levee and mountea that -unpaved path used by the villagers as a side walk. It led directly across a drug store porch, upon which he paused, rapping hard at the door. Id time a light appeared through the window, showing candy jars and medicine bottles there dimly displayed behind the fretwork of frost, then a tirdy hand unfastened the door, a man's voice growling ail the time on the other side of it. Brotherton dipped into a druggy atmosphere and shook hands with his red-headed, fat partner, who, acting as if tranced by sleep, refastened the door and tooksjip a tin candlestiok covered with stalagmites of ancient tallow. Lsft yoar folks well ?" " Yes, quite well. Yoa, didn't expect me to-night, did you ?" " Yes," yawned the partner, " I've expected you every night. We never know when that hack will get in any more." \- " It broke into a slew this side of the Bed Pump tavern," said Brojtarton, "and I thought* for a couple of we'd have to leave it there and ride the horres in," " Yoa look like you'd been prying a hack out of a slew," observed <h3 partner lowering hiB oandlestick toward Brotherton's muddied and frozen trowsers. " Well, old Vesuvias is red hot." ' . " Blessed be the devil that tends her fires," said Brotherton. < " Now, Doe., now.," remonstrated the redheaded man, using the Western abbreviation, which shears away a physician's dignity. - He piloted a track betwixt clustering chairs, left juBt as the town loafers were wont to leave them when breaking op daily and nightly court, to a stove at the rear of the store. Though muddy heel marks and the stains of many months showed aacleansed upon its cylinder surface, it glowed Hke a red rose from within, and Brotherton threw ofi overcoat, hat and gloves upon a counter and abas doned himself to its heat. In a secluded comer near the stove appeared the lounge-bed which his partner had jast vacated. A similar lair in the opposite corner invited the doctor's weary bones after a thirty-mile jolt across the sweep of prairie wind. " It argues well for our decency that we retain a little bit of it wHen we bunk about so like dogB, don't it Raish?" he observed with a laugh, using a. village diminutive for Horatio which Hamlet in all his xnusings never hit apon. " You're jast back from them flesh-pots of luxury the preacher talks about," responded the druggist. " You'd tarn ap your nose now on oysters cooked in the can and e't out of the white mortar." 'No. I wouldn't," declared Brotherton, promptly. " So if you've got some in the digging and want a single bite yourself, put on two cans to simmer." "Now, listen to that for extravagance," observed the partner, taking up the candle and going forward in the stere. Then he knocked sawdast .from a tin oblong, cut the top open with his poeketknife, and readied behind the ipeoao jar for a handle of crackers. The craokerB he breaght and spread open fer Brotherton to manch at, while the can of oysters thawed and then began to. leak and sputter apon the stove. "Pepper and salt and a hank of butter right ap there in the white mortar," he suggested. Brotherton himself lifted the white mortar down and blew a little dust, off its rim. . : . " Don't be so particular," urged Secrist. " I thought it might be tartar emetic," explained the doctor. "But you're too good a housekeeper to serve me that way, Secrist. Just as I come back, too." "Well, now, Doc., tell the truth," urged the fat man, stretching himself in a chair at the other side of the stove and glimmering at his friend through half shut eyes. " When yea come back frem .civil-i-zation to a god forsaken place like this, don't you think you're making a fool of yourself ?" " No, I don't," rejoined Brotherton. He was sitting on the counter beside his garments, and his long, strong legs dangled well toward the floor. 4 1 This is experience. I like experience, and I don't like hanging by the eyelids. A man can be hardening himself here while he would collapse to nothing waiting for practice in a city. It is'nt such a god-forsaken place, either." - - "A row down at Peg-leg's whisky shop every Saturday night. Mad and slush up to your eyes in winter. Ague all fall." " That suits me," said Brotherton. Secrist sneered on: " Preaching only once a month in the school-honse at early candle- lighting." " There isn't a Christian in town that bears that privation better than you do," laughed the doctor. " 0, I ain't saying the ruffianly gang in this neighborhood isn't good enough for me, r chuckled tbe druggist. " I'm only wondering how a fellow of your stamp can stand it. r " What's happened now?" "Nothing," replied the druggist briefly, as he went to a front counter ana got a piece of wrapping paper for the purpose of lifting the het can. " Here ;liold your bowl." "Won't you have seme yourself, Eaieh? The old tumbler will hold them if you give it a steam bath first." " No, I'd rather have some sleep." " You're not going to bunk down without telling me all the news ? " " No." said the fat man, slowly. " What sews could we scate up, do you reefeon' though, in the two weeks you've been gone? 1 * "But you were gnashing about ruffianly gar.g:?. Tftf-re haven'ebeen any horse thieves ttfroughf" Secrist uttered & negative grunt, sitting on the «ide of bis couch. " I was only thinking of old Hiram Dixon." " No one has tilled him? " " No, responded Secrist, witlra dissatisfied sneffle. 4 I know it's yonr sflebt, ceaseless petition that somebody will kill him." chuckle! the doctor, dippicg-^o his oysters from £be white mortar with a brok«>c-hand!ed pewter spocn. ' " Kaishy, these are a comfort in adversity. You bstter have some." . " Evaiybody says he killed a man ^nee," ' continued Sacrist, leaning forward anS resting his arms on his knees. " ft'iby Stirling's busband and him went north together, and Stirling jtever was seen alive afterwards." Yes, I've heard you tell tbat.story a dozen times," said Brotherton, applying himself to his soup with the zept of an hungry man. But S'Jby doesn't believe it. Stirling's body was fonnd wbota and untampered with at a hotel. Heart disease, congestion, a man's misuse of himself that fools don't "know how to describe with a name. And if you men suspected Dixon why didn't you haul him up before the courts and investigate ?" " It was talked of," replied Secrist, despondently. " Bat he had his explanations ready. Old man Dixon is smart." " Baby's weH, is she ?" As Brotherton mad9 this inqaiiy he threw a quick side glanco at his partner. " I thonght I heard somebody knock," said the druggist, turning his head in his palms and listening. The fire whispered. Without tbe frosty wind swept over village and wood and lost itself in the vaetness of the prairie. There was a sudden equeal and ecampering in the wall behind Broiberton. " It's nothing but that old rat," said he. " You'll let that old rat live to see hid children's children to the last generation, before you'll give him a-button." \ • . \- "I wish somebody'd give me a button that'd make me sleep to-night," exclaimed the druggist. " I am't shut my eyes since dusk.", " Sou were so drowsy you oould hardly open the door," declared the doctor. I was pretendin' te be easy on you, like," explained his partner, painfully. " Jerome,- there has something happened since you went away."- "-What ? " exclaimed Brotherton * feeling his temples expand with large pulse beats. "It isn't anything about old Hiram Dixon—or Ruby ? " Was yoa in downright earnest abont her, Jerome ? " I intend to marry her, that's all," answered the doctor, antagonism coming to the j front in his face. " Doc., Ruby's dead." 4 1 She isn't 1" exolaimed Brether(oB« leaping up. " Doc., she's dead." Automatically Brotherton rubbed his finger through the rings which his ssup bowl made upon the counter. Ruby's delicate aquiline face, flashed the color of a blush rose, filled his vision. His did not believe it was now clay white; that her innocent-mouth was set in death. He did not apbraid hia partner for. suppressing the news. There were no meams by which Ssorist .could have reached him more quickly unless he' had driven out to meet the hack. Secrist's. voice, proceeding' in recital, grew in volume upon his ear. " Blame old Hi Dixon's picture 1 He would have put her in the ground twelve hours after ~ it hadn't been for her Aunt Ruby Ann and the neighbors." Brotherton grated his nails against the wooden counter; * " When di^she die ? " " A Friday morning five days ago. I said yoa oaght to of been here all along," pronounced Secrist impressively, gazing *with commiseration at the pallid young man. " They say it was like this: She was playing with little Nate and tossing up a ball* When the ball went into. the air she waB alive and well, and when it touched the floor she was a dead woman. . Doc, the coldr didn't go out of her cheeks and Bhe stayed warm. They put her between feather bede, and ail the other doctors in town tried their best to bring her to, but it wasn't no use. ' I don't believe they knew what it was." She hasn't been——? " demanded Brotherton quickly, coming forward and setting his foot on the pedestal of the stove. The boqt leather smoked, and he watched it as if his hopes were exhaling in the smoke. " No, not yet. But old Hiram Dixon says he won't keep her any longer than early tomorrow forenoon. He say's he kept her longer now than anybody ever was kept in Millport." " He won't have a funeral while there's tbe slightest doubt." "No, he won't have any more funeral than he can help. He'll j ast pop her in the ground and be dose with it. He's helping dig the grave to-night to save expense, and a nice easy job they have^of it tbe way the ground's froze. The wamen say he got the cheapest coffin that could be bought," continued Secrist, dropping his facts like pebbles into Brotherton's boiling mind. " Ruby's boy will come into his hands now. And by the time that boy is 21 years old, if Hiram Dixon hasn't the rest of Stirling's property besides what disappeared when Stirling died, then I ain't acquainted- with Hiraca Dixon. It's most all in land* and easy to trustee out of the hands of a minor heir. I'll go up with yoa, Doc." " No, you go to bed and sleep," replied the doctor, who having muffled himself, was changing medicines in his pill bags for others on the shelves. "I'll go ap with yoa," said the fat man, bringing forth his own garments. "You'll have a tussle with old Hiram. If he's dug her grave and she isn't dead he'll bory her anyhow." The wind blew oat of the north like mobile and invisible ice. Secrist tied his red woollen comforter in another knot under his chin. Before some houses lay a narrow, frosty board as causeway, and across this they walked singly to avoid the rough, frozen mud; A hot •f logs, opening by a latch- string, and a gather-boarded domicile, with the door at the rear, were close neighbours. There were two or three brick houses of some pretensions, inclosed by paiings, and a barred and silent general store, which in daylight divided patronage with . one at the other end of the village. On rising ground stood the tavern; a halting place where tbe traveller might brace Jiimeelf for the bleak ride northward. How many a cutting day had Brotherton taken to that narrow road ia his jumper, his horse breasting an unstirred ocean of snow. Then, however, he carried cosy, warm thoughts within- his wraps and furs, which kept him exhilarated. To-night the north /road was the bleakest track he had ever seen. Wanderers on the prairie would be sure to perish; or, should they escape, what comfort oould they find in to morrow, anyhow? Opposite the tavern, across a small ravine, and upon a hill stood the largest house in tke town. A road curved around it and Qrawled down into the dark woods. It was, hewevec the meanest-looking house in the town, its size only emphasizing its dilapidation. The hoar frost tried vainly to ornament with eil ver plating certain ancient garments bulging through bcoken paces, the crazy ashe rattled, and loose, implanted weather-bearding clapped responsively. Seorist and the doctor, waiting for admis sion before steps on which they dare not stand both at once, heard the wind howling through this holkrw Tnnnfijjpi as if its vacant chambers were built only for that pari»ose. Brotherton's chief wish had been to take Baby out of this place into a home, of his own making. She was still so mueh 'a little gial that be never realized her widowhood on her maturity. Her child seemed a youn^brother whom he wonld adopt for love ofner. It forever puzzled him that a creature like Rdby, naturally refined and alive to everything beautiful, should be cast in her let an.d bound to the people who -held her. The heredity which gave dark-eyed daughters with childish hands and feet and living souls to Mrs. Dixon's like ooald not be accounted for by medical science. , Mrs.. Dixon was still afoot and let the young men into her unfurnished hall. Naked stair-steps and gaunt bannisters, against which their shadows were thrown by the moon, seemed to welcome them as congenial ghosts. One discouraged candle bsmed in the' square room where moBt of the living was done, and where dying was to be consummated ; for there in the corner stood the marble-like oblong of sheets stretched over the tops of chairs, concealing what was -held beneath them upon the cboling baard. Near by, also upheld by two chairs, waited a black coffin, bulging near the head, but narrowing towards the foot. A strong- shudder darted'through the doctor at this sight, which must have been so common to him. Two other women were watehing with Ruby. One of them, the landlady of the tavern, came forward to meet her two boarders, and Bhook hands with the doctor.' She was capable and portly, and talked in a hoarse whisper. Being the dead girl's Aunt Ruby Ann, ehe was there to command. Mrs. Dixon "eat down in a remote corner with her eun-bennet over her eyes. She was a very tbin creature, having ealieo garments* which hang opon her. The contemporary world seldom caught her features on account of this immovable sunbomret, and it was believed she would die without caving ever folly shown her face. She was not deaf, yet when she made one o^her scant remarks she shouted it, and people shouted'to her in return. The major part of .her time was evidently spent in meditation, and Saving Hiram Dixon for her second husband was deemed a sufficient excuse tor this;. Aunt Ruby Ann pdt a splint-bottomed chair and the one recker before a sooted and. cave-like fireplace where some green -sticks were weeping upon rusty fire-dogs. The doctor set his pill-hags and hat open the splint-bottomed chair, and the landlady understanding him, took np the candle. Daring their conference her voicd never rose above the hoarse whiepsr proper to the occasion. , "Did you git word? "she inquired. " Not ufttil SecriBt told me, after I got ont of the hack." " I am glad you're on hand, for he's r'arin' around to bury her wftether or no." She cast a loek of contempt at her sister who-could keep a husband in no' better subjection than Hiram Dixon was kept. " I give her tip, and thei agin' I go and try once more with feathen under her nose and a looking glass held to her mouth. I ean imghty near see a dimness on the glass, and yet I ain't sure of that* neither." .. - . . ' .V-. Seeing that Bfothsrtqn did not'lift the corner of the sheet'SareophagaEL Aunt Ruby Ann raised it herself; exposing fiftle Ruby by the yellow tongue, of the candle. Shrouds were just passing out of ase then, so Baby wasclad in her best dress of thin, black silk, the sleoved flowing away from her elbows. and leaving her arms protected by mnslm undersleeyes. A broad collar of needlework was, tamed down well towards her shoulders anil fastened at her throat by a mighty brown and white cameo pin. Her delicate face was npt yet pinched or sunken, its bnariad whiteness seeming merely to- deepen the darkness of her hair. The minute blue tracery of her eyelid veins and the network on her temples caught the gaze of one who' studied her. A suggestion of colour like auroral light appeared upon her lips and §heeks. She looks nat'ral, don't she, Poo?" whispered the landlady with emphatic hoarseness. Yes," replied Brotherton, getting down upon his knees and applying his ear to her chsst and hear She didn't say which nor t'other, bat down she tumbled," shouted Mrs. Dixon irom her corner, turning the mouth of her sanbonnct upward from & trance of meditation* and having discharged this conversational ball she again lowered its muzzle. Brotherton and. the landlady held a con- ference which ended in moeh trampling on the naked floor and some shifting of the rpean furniture, at which bis partner and the neighbour assisted. Mrs. Dixon sat silent, and eaw her daughter^ body transferred to a table, with a pail of wat^nr beside it, and the doctor's morocco case of instruments guttering beneath the feeble oandle light. Sscriat"poked the fire and kepi his face strictly chimneyward. At the table long paases alternated with whispers and changes of position. Water occasionally dripped on the floor. _ Mrs, Dixon could behold Brotherton's haggard expression, and the quick gesture with which the back of his hand rubbed moisture from his forehead. " Three doctors has give "her np," she sbontcd, and egsin dropped her' sunbonnet month, leaving the f&ot; 4m hit its mark. There was a clock screwed to the wall, with pineapple shaped weights hanging by ohains. It had the piteous air of dragging its own j viscera, and was altogether such an incomplete clock aa the master of eoch a house might desire; but its iron hands kept pace with time, and they indicated that Brotherton had been experimenting more than an boor when the pat of naked feet became irregularly distinct en the naked stairs, said the sitting-room door was thrown open so wide as;to bqjap against Mr. Dison's knees. " What did you git up for 1 , Nate ?" whispered the landlady, meeting him and lifting him to sit on the curve of her arm. The child was in a linsey dress, under which seant draping he coddled his legs, while he searched the group around the table with large, dark eyes and began to whimper. " Her and Nate was tessin' the ball together and siagin' Lord Lovel," shouted Mrs. Dixon. She bent her sa&bonneted; head once, more and sat motionless, aa if waiting to be reloaded. The landlady tamed her face from the table and carried him aroand to the doctor. " How do yoa do, Nate ? said Brothertcfa, takirig one of his ague-tinted claws and kissing it. " I want my maw, wept oat Nate, patting ap his trembling under-lip. "Call her," said Brotherton, taking the child apon his awn arm. " Maw, O, maw 1" called Nate. " 0, I'm afraid opstairs alone. Make her wake, Docker B'utterton 1" The young man moved one one ef Baby's arms. " If yea can't roase her, Nate, aire's beyond the reach of love and despair. Call hex again." " Doe., Doc. 1" remonstrated the landlady. I ( If you set him to - takin' on we never will git mm peacefied again.'"' " And eat of her bosom grew a red, red rope, and oat of his'n grew a"briar," shouted Mfre, Dixon. Her knees being agam threatened by the opening door, she dtew herself together as if collapsing. It was an old man who oame in. He fbfti the glare to blue goggles open fte ftble. iron grey hair met with iron-grey beazd i his cheek-bones and foqtned a shsfeg; " his shoulders. As S son; many seasons' wear had ndt done tl for his ancient and fll^favoaxed cI^EhiBg, he was freaffly glazed with frezen mud prains, and his diaak paws were ydlovcS' by HOfagy uite to the frayed coat sleeve* £haftj&g; ths oor so. that a responsive shudder ranfhroBch= the"whole housed he,demanded at onoe; • ~ "Who's a meddlin'with thateerpse?" "The State of Illinois,", replied Sebri^t from the fire-place. • ' •-v^ 'Y * " The State of Elinois can get eut of ay - 1 ? house then," said the old mam, wsggteg lug hoary shag. " I don't keep a ipedieaf oeUeae:" " Hiram Dixon," epoKe oat the laaaaofc, " ain't yoa willin' every means should li tried to see if life's left in Raby ?" "I am," said Che drugget, "and I'm the constable." Yea can't bary her to-morrow, MrDixoa," said Brotherton. *• I am not ready to pronounce her dead." "Til bury her to-morrow as sore as the son rises," said bid Hiram Dixon. " AnftT knowed you couldp't tell a dead woman from a live one." . • . \ He came forward in biB nsual stooped aaui; stiffened posture, and Nate, with ene am around'the doctor's neck, watohed him fearfelly. .* - . " Fll bary her to-morrow, arid I'll fasten her ap in her coffin now, to keep meddlsn oat. And I'll set on it the rest of ihe time, if nothing else'll do." ; " Hiram Dixon, are you possessed? " cried bat Ruby's aunt* " -, Let him alone," said the dootei; through his lips," only see that she's moved decently." " Keep yomr dirty, dayey hands o£, Hm," - dictated the landlady, "and let Seekers and . Boo. Smith's wife andJne pnk hex in." > 1 They grew and they, grew Jp the <fe«n& . steeple top, and there t£^y eeakia'i fet ae • ; ; higher," Cheated lite. Sixon, aaviflfg her quotation at the eeiling oyer the brads of her discordant inmates. Whatever omotfafi Mn felt at'seeihg hsr daughter's bedy jrttMd ha its lost receptaele was concealed wifihm tfce ^ mBzzle of the sunbonnet and J*fcde bo «xplesiveescape. ' ^ . . : , v " KTow I hope yon're satisfied," said Amst „ Ruby Ann to the bid man, begnitoing to w*«P * and wring her nose between 'her thumV aatt " - one finger, whjan^Jhe last^^ Baby's draptty was X laid stra^^. they've all, even to Doe. Biothartoni <• * up, Is'poseIllhaveto." , :? v . "I'H be satisjBed when tn« to place," replied ffiram Dixen, tttag^i lid with such callous eKOtasRi that ^JKli herself impdled to add with^bi^pg ceMBWlr : ^Ibefieve * too," The old man loohftd up, Md Jass i in the dim light seemed to fiame eyes. He was exasperatad to a^p^ iiia. endttranee, and Nate's Une^ aress^p withfia ea»y rea«!h. One ^tii^yliilipi (ftenohed a roundefthe ehabr which Ruby's -keadi' « he hlinrttt^l^ . ^, down at heir. ' - • - : •< PU pot him in," said olij fErtimi : not 'seemed' mother, dome muffied^ound minfeliWl^; the noise he made, and Jthc to reach lnm was """ ' eyes. He was holding her child ander one of l^Si. -- arms sind Ufting Ker T^'MQi^Zmi^ ^ wben Mrs. Dixofn fired that doggerd ball^ Mjh been so hea^^ titionof itf "And there they entwined in atme Iof#1l, knot for all trae lovers Is fldmbwf, 'aui^ 'mire; for«ll trae lovers to admire." . Traditions erf Baby Stirling's fcranee still linger About MSIpott. how she tried to move, : bat coald.'not; low 1 ) f' J Brotherton let Hiram Dixon do bis worst s order to test fee effect ot a aho^1wai. howh»;^^ took her away after their marriage, keeping s. Hiram Dixon utterly xemote from herself ana^; v^ her son thenceforward. - A high school building to-day oeaapies ~the ' hill where the old house stood, and Baby's i / -- - unpleasant stepfather has lain lor yearsfrost- ' locked. and grass- boiind,' in tbe outgrow* grave-yard, his wife—presumably with her;; son bonnet over ber eyes—beside him. The railroad and telephone connect Millport with all the world, and the town can hardly believe such tales told of its early yeuth. . • ^ 