THE JANUARY ''MAGAZINES, " ! -iss _ _ ' - SECOND NOVICE. ' A The more serious magazines and reviews seem to have taken a fresh start with the new year. There b certainly more vigour and more brain in the articles theo readers have lately been accustomed to. In the Nine teeth Courts by Lord Cowper resents Mr. Gladstone's power in the country as a species of "Crssarism." Surely the word is misapplied Ctcsarism, developed itself in ancient Rome because) the national Assembly had become a town mob, and because there was no representation of the provinces in France Cmeariom was due to that distrust of the democracy which has been a fatal flaw in the statesman- ship of all recent French parties. Neither of these conditions has the least application to Mr. Gladstone's position, which may be autocracy; but is assuredly not Cosariam. Professor Max Muller is evidently smarting under the castigation he has lately received from the anthropologists, and in a paper, on "The Savage" controverts their theories by contending that all modern savages are degraded and not progressive races. In the " Confessions of an Eton Master," Mr, Salt tells us once more, which everybody knowing Eton has understood for the last half-century, that boys are not taught at Eton ; they have merely a chance of being well coached if they are exceptionally clever and earnest boys. Mr. Swinburne) writes on " Charles Lamb and George Wither," and, as usual, whenever he writes in prose, cannot get away' from what may be called the sewage class of metaphor. For instance, he rechristens Carlyle and his wife on ThomaS Oloaomus and his Goody," The other articles are With Russia conquer India?" by M. Vambery j The New Reform," by Mr. O'Connor Power ; " Cycling and Cyclists," by Lord Bury ; Locusts and Farming in America," by Miss Cumming ; " Religion and the Stage," by Mr. H. H. Jones and a criticism on the Government scheme for Strengthening the navy by Sir Spencer Robinson in the National Review good old-fashioned Toryism, appears cheek by jowl with views so wildly visionary and revolutionary that a sober Radical might read with astonishment at them. Mr. Cecil Raikes thinks that the fallacy underlying the movement for ""Woman's Suffrage " is the notion that woman's disabilities are due to legislation. Women should rather learn of nature, and nature would teach them that woman is destined to be " the joy of a few years, and the drudge of many more." Mr. Raikes hopes the Conservative, party will not attempt to interfere with this salutary law. Then Lord Carnarvon draws a fancy picture which very much reminds one of the late Samuel Warren's method in "Ten Thousand a Year." A Radical lecturer, described as " a smug and pallid ladies vidual, dressed in a suit of rusty black," is utterly baffled and confused by the burning eloquence of an honest country squire. English country gentlemen are usually so innocent of anything approaching rhetoric that one cannot help feeling that Lord Car- narvon's Wish has been father to an otherwise orphan thought These articles are pure Toryism, but they are followed by RSA Key to Social Difficulties" by " Democratic! Tory," which is either a quiz or one of the wildest theories ever born in the pia mater of a doctrinaire enthusiast. The writer, apparently with seriousness, proposes that marriage should be a reward for success in competitive examinations. This he thinks an aristocracy of talent would develop itself, and the country would be saved. There is also a remarkable paper by "A Woman," who complains of the decay of religious teaching with regard to sexual obligations, and proposes that mothers should train their boys to a sense of duty towards man- kind on the principles of chivalry, The article in the Fortnightly Review which will be most widely read is .. The State of the Turf." by Lord Cadogan. The gist of it is a complaint that the exertions of the Jockey Club are not sufficiently appreciated. Lord Cadogan seems to suspect very strongly the existence of that Newmarket " ring," of which so much has been said, but he confesses that the Jockey Club are at present unable to penetrate into the mystery for want of satisfactory evidence. Mr. Courtney, Mr. A. Arnold, and a "Candid Conservative," all discuss the Redistribution Bill. The first seeks to show that Proportional Representation is within the comprehension of a child by demonstrations which look like excerpts from Cambridge Tripos papers; the second claims that Mr. Gladstone has jockeyed the Conservatives, and the last thinks that the Whigs are once more dished. Mr. Burnand ridicules the idea that the Stage can be s profession for ladies and gentlemen, and speaks most die respectfully of the average actor. In an article on the " Commercial Depression," Mr. Williamson, member for the St. Andrew's district, takes a hopeful view, and thinks that the present distress is merely temporary. The article in the Contemporary which will be read with the greatest interest by Australian readers, is that on "The German Colonial Movement," by Baron Von Der Bruggen, The writer advocates " complete equality of right among the leading nations of Europe and America with respect to those countries and peoples that have not yet come under European civilisation." Mr R. E. Bartlett attributes the decay of the Evangelical party " to the " sacerdotalism-end- water," of which its younger members are guilty. Evangelical churchmen, he thinks, have forsaken their natural allies, the Protestant Nonconformists, and have thus deprived themselves of all power and influence. Mr. Birrell has a really brilliant essay on Dr. Johnson," whom, after the manner of Pintaron, ho elaborately compare with Carlyle, Mr. Samuel Smith, M.P., offers the rather startling suggestion that the system of compulsory education by the State should extend to the manner training of children after they have left the elementary school. This number of the Contemporary, which also contains able papers by Sir A. Hobhouse and Professor Thorold Rogers, is an unusually strong one. Blacfcuiooct would be described by a north country- man as too " Wonderly." Throughout the magazine ww never get nearer familiar ground than ghost-land, or, as it should nowadays be called, Psyohlt-force-land. The ghost story, however, will keep up Dlaekviooi'» reputa- tion for that style of writing. The political article shrieks with triumph over Lord Salisbury's victory, hat there is an undertone of sheer sunk when the writer attempts a forecast of the results of Redistribution. 