Iftovdtet, PUT ASUNDER:] r .? on .; LADY; CASTLKMAINE'H DIVORCE. By BERTHA M. CLA.Y, ABTHOll OF ' IIIS OSE MISTAKE, ' 'THROWN OX ???*?' XIIE WOJtLD,' 'A STllUfiGl.E FOB A 11IN(I,' ' ! ,'A 1II1TE1! ATONEMENT,' HtC. ' ^'?;y , ? \- CU APTBll Xtll. — (Co:;Ti.\'ur.n.) '-- '.In name, in love, in heart, but not in Jhouphts and opinions. It in a very different thing ; giving your heart and giving your \- mind aro quite distinct things. 1 gavo you ' my whole heart, Rudolph, but I did not give , you-my mind. 1 have reserved that for my self.'' ? ?T'.ivlv .nniitnmiiw. Winn Ihfl hoonpsl wih aitdwomanliko, the quickest iloiv of words, generally won tlie victory ; but they were . victories which coEt her ilemly. jSueliv controversy, eaoh stoutly con tested ' argument seemed to weaken in some little degree the love of the man who could not en ' (into contradiction or opposition-— who could : sot brook any idea, c-xeept thoee ho hivl himself '?$ It would not have mattered in the least, , liad they been left. alone ; after a few minutes the wife would have gone to her husband, and .. pc-iil : ' How foolifh we ere to argue nnd disagree (over tri/les. What does any thing matter pro vvi/ioil only that wo love caeh other.' ' r Or the husband would havo sought his wife, ('and soid : - - \ ' Wo will not argue, darling ; lot my stron Ret- thoughts guide yon, let jour sweeter 'thoughts guide mo ; nothing matters bnt that we love each other.' But this never happened, for there was someone always at hand, to fan every tiny spark into burning flame, to irritate, to annoy, ? to deepen every bad impression. Always at hand wbf never one of these little diBoussions occurred, and fewdayapnssedivith ? out them, she noted with quick, keen ears ail ? that was said, and sho knew exaotly how to . fan tho fire. - \- i , I 'Lord OaBtleroaine wonld go to his favour i to j ' seat, the great window-seat in tho library, or -out on the southern terrace, from where one could sea the shinin-g blue Fen, and toko a !' : cigar to console himself. So sure as he f lighted it, ho would find thebeautiiul face and | figure of Isabel by bis side, j . . 'I roust try to convert Gertrude to your j-.- ' way ol thinking,' sho would begin ; and then j 'a feeling of irritation roso in his heart that.' . ' even is shadow couid lio between himself and . ' his young wife. / 'j. ?. 'I 'will oonvcrt her myself,' he woimI ?7 answer, proudly. j j Then Isabel would shake her head. 'I do not knew; i aru not sure tnacyou will.' oho would say, doubtfully, and that irritated him tho moie. _ / Then sho wonld reek hor other viotirv, nnd ? would kiss tho becutitul Uce, and sayylaugh ' ingly ; . / ? ' You mcst not givo in to that hui^iand of yours, Gertrude ; ho , ha3 great ideos of his own authority.' j k Far too great,' she would rc-jfly, laugh ingly. 'Ho wants three yeors-', apprentice- ship to a class of strong-minded women. I feai that even I am too meek for bitrf.' ' 5Tou must not give way to.'him, or you will entirely lose your own individuality,' said Isabel. / , 'I shnlliiovor do that,' Bai'd Lady Castle maino, proudly ; and although she loved her husband with all her heart, ;bere was always a scnee of angry irritation left after ono of' thMo conversations. / / It waB n we'o of nnotlier kfnd that Isabel^ /Hydo was weaving now. it \yos moro_ suc ' /'cessf ul. than the first. Then siio had tried to woavo the web of love round the hoart of one man ; now sho triod to weave tho web of hate ? over two hearts that, but for hor, could never have been disunited. Sho Iaugbod at times with a wioked senso of victory, and lit times she wept, despair ing of sucoess. But, day by day, the web. crow longer, and stronger, and leas liable to break. ? . / CHAPTER XUV , ?' LKAl) US NOT IXXO TE3IPTATION.' . ' It is n terrible thing to throw one's self wil \ fully' into tho way of temptation, as Isabel \ Hydo hod dorio. Knowing that slio loved \Lok1 qas'tlemaine, she should have kept tho Wailtli of the world between herself anil fiin, but in her recltlesB desire for vengeance ? -itihJior mad, passionate desire to fultil her v'ow, 6^o forgot or utterly ignored the danger , and the temptation for herself. ? j Sho hai, given, unsought and .unasked, tho r /wholo'ipaseinnato lovo of hor heart to Lord ? / CastlcmainoASbe bad hated with insane ?'/, lmto tho beautiful girl who had, as. fho con / sidored; taken liiB love from her. Sho had / voluntarily placed herself under their root / for tho yurposo of seeking vcngoanco. But (jho forgot that in so doing Bho mi.^ suffer / unutterable pain herfclf. '' , \- Every kind, and loving word that Lord ' ? OaBtlomaino addressed to his wife was liko a sword in her heart.- Sho would grow oold, Hick, and faint whnn she saw his great soliei tudo, liio care and attention for her. -Her heart burned witfr jeolously and onvy. There eauio a morning when a damp, oold wind seemed to nweep tho warmth away : tho atmosphere waB all damp, the skie3 grey and lowering; tho sun had sot in sullen dis -content for tho day, and Lord Castlemaine *Ssaw his wifo, wrapped in her costly furs, -~S£:U it out. Isabel was with hor. \ ^'-'vurto, where aro you going ?' was hia first t N . V I am going to lledm033,' was -lie prompt nnd cheerful reply. v . ..Eedmosn was the nearest town, to Neath Abboy— a bright; pleasant town by the' sen. 'To iledmoss 1' hn repeated. /'With whom aro yoiv going darling ?' \ ' With Isabel,' oho replied. 'Ho-.v are you going? I hopo you havo. ordered tho brougham?' ' Oh, Rudolph, what n ntring of q'lentions I No, I havo not ; wo nro' going to walk.' ' Tho oonvitreation took piftco in the great enttnnee hall, where Lird Ci^tlerjc.ino met l.hn two ladies. Ill went tip to his wife, nnd laid 'His hind on-Mie fur fheen of her jiiekat — a mdgniliient fur for which lis had given a fabulous price— ono of his wedding presents to hor. 'This is warm,' ho snid, ' but, Gertrude, dniliGg, it cannot shut out tho damp. You mnit breatbn tho damp air, iri npito of your wiirm furs. IX) not go out ; or if you will go, oriltr tho brougham.' Sha cried out impatiently that it would not' bm t hor, Unit she had often been out ia tho damn, aud would have no carriage. ' You mako mo feel liko n delicate old woman when you fiaget about ma in that way.' She looked up at him with a smiio as sho spoke, but there was some littlo sign of irri tation.. I.rnbsl Hyde stood by, a. silent epeotator; each word, ra exrroFSive of his tender noiici tude for her beautiful rival, piereid her heart, ' I will not be an old woman yet,' repeated Gertrude. 'I like you to go out in tho frost,' said Lord CAstlciLiaiiic'. ; ' that hurts no one. But damn air is quito another thing.' ' 0!i, lltdolph,' cried Lsdv Castlemaine, ' you will make ma impatient.' 'It is not an old woman you'' resemble,' said Lnrd G.iillemaine. ' It is a beautiful whito rose. Now T. ask you, G-Jrtruile, liow could a fragile white roso live in this misorab'.e damp There (lashed upon him tho light of two beautiful dark eyes, in whioh love, pain, scorn, and diapair were all told. ' Is all your care or solieitudc for white roses ?' iislted Isabel Hydo ; ' havo red roses nothing to fear ' If yon tako my advice you will not go,' ho said, slowly, ' I do not think it is a fit ting day for any lady to go out.' ' Stiil,' oho ontinued, ' you would not have romonatraioA i! you had ueen mo going alons.' H,'. hn!-'cil nt her somewhat wonderingly, knowing nothing of the storm of joatousy that rout her heart in twain. ' Well,' he replied, ' you nee, Miss Hyde, it is not the samo tiling. I might havo advised you, but I could not interfere with you.' 'I may go out and got killed with tbe damp, and you would not say one word to me,' cried Isabel. ' Forgive me, but how very impetuous you ladies aro,' he said. ' I havo displeased you, li/ibi!, and half offended Gertrude ; yet I can not imagine why.' ' Ysu are over solicitous for me,' said Lady Castlemaine. ' You aro not solicitious enough for mo,' cried Isabel Hyde, and then seeing tlie stattfod look in his ej en, she began to laugh, but lio woman ever laughed with such an . effort bo fore ; her jsaloosy had for tho time carried hor beyond herself. A11 that loving care and solicitude for Gertrude — the wind must not blow too roughly on her, the damp must not como near her ; but what did boearo for /it1)*? it o was'so anxnuia ond eolioitious aboiit Ger trude that lio did not seem to notice whether sho wero going out or not. But the wonder in his e,y;e3 called hor to liersolf. -What right had Bho to show any jealousy ct another women's husband. Sho laughed, but there was little inusio in the laugh. ' Whilo so much care and solicitude aro to be hill,' sho said, ' I may as well claim a share.' ' You will always have it from ras,' said Lady Castlemaine ; ' I strongly advise you not io walk out this damp, unhoalthy day.' lie looked at her kindly j and she felt that to/iavo that eenso of iovmg earo always over her she would give her life iteeif. /' I ch'aU go,' said L'?.0y Casticmaino, /damn or not damp, I have determined to go to Redmcss, nnd go I will.' ' ' I will not,' said Isabel Hyde. ' Lord Castlemaine is quite right, tho day is against us.' After thoso few kind words and that kind look, Gertrude could not havo opposed him, so a compromise was made and a carriage oriereJ. Tho incident, trifling as it was, helped Isabel to 'weave a few more threads, in that strong subtile web of hers. Sho took Lady Castlemaino to task in a fashion quito her own. That afternoon, ns they lingered in the warm cozy boudoir, ovor a cup of delicious tea, she commsnced her attack. ' Gertrude,' oho said, ' you do not under stand your huebnnd.' ?? N ji uiiikcstand him 1' criod Lady Castle mainc. ' 1 big your pardon, I am quito suro that I'do.' iifihjl Hyde shook her baautifuljiead. '? Niij my dear,, you do not. 1 really be lieve,' she a.^ded, somewhat imprudently, 'that I should understand him,' in time, bet'or than you do.' No j&totuy; s!-i:rc;l ..Lady Ca^tlemaino's heart ; slio only thought- .that Isabel was a Utile too outspoken ; still she would liko to linoiv tvhni was mesas. 'What do you mean, Isabel?' sho asked, grawly. ' N -'(.thing to 'mako n tragedy about-,' she replied. ' I was thinking of this morning. 1 pas so struck by h'i3 care and solicitude over you, nn-t yon glow impatient with him.' ' I am not wry inpatient,' saiil Gertrude, with a sudden contrition, 'I own it, but I cannot enduru to be fussed ovor and watched. Yon aro ri..:h(, Isabel. I was, as yeu say, ir/ip.itient without cause.' ' I knew at once that it was his .cara for you that mule him persist, '.pontinue'd Isabel. ' I have often noticijil that when ho tries best to plenfe yon, you understind him the least.' Lidy 0-\st-!e'iii«in'i could not explain, oven to herself, hot something in that momen)' seemed to rise, like a phadow, between lirr husband and herself.- It was not jealousy, -'ns yet that fatal and terrible passion had not awoke in hc-r heart. It was an intangible something— a shadow; and the clearest idea sha had after tho interview svas, that ahlgdM riot really understand hor husband, and thill ot'nvr people could read his cliaraotor better than she aould. Sho felt further away from him that day than Bho had sinoa they were married. It was a miserable day to Isabel ; sha had voluntarily placed herself in temptation, yet sho could not endure 'to oeo Lord Castie maino's passionate love for his wife. Onco, as sho. w»9 Htan'ding on tho grand staircase, waiting tgr something that her maid had gone to find, sin: eavv husband and wife meet quite accidentally in tho hall. It was in the shadow of' tho winter afternoon, beforn tho. lamps we're lighted. She heard Lord Cistl'iuaine o'ay : ' Gertrude, darling, is that you'?' Sho beard tho gejitly murmured ''Yes.' Lovo nlone/'unas such tonos. Then' sho saw him olns'p his wife in his arms, and cover, her f?.ea with kisses. ' Myjdarling, my lieAu'Jiful wife, f I shall come and have a cup of tea with you.' Isabel turned away, utterly unable to hear it. If by ono wish, if by raising her linger, slie.oonld hivo Btruok tlio white-roso beauty from G:rtrude's tei sho vjould have, done it. Iu hor passionate, jealous rago, oho could hnva struck dead tho mail sho loved. ' Lead us not into temptation I' Tho words oamo to her liko faint flomirts through a mist. In her heart— that jealous, despair ing heart, full of love for a man who had never loved her — she felt capable, in that moment, of any crime ; she could have alaiu that fair young wifo ; alio could have nUsin tho man whose dark, handsome face had hired hor to her doom. . She turned away. D:;ath would havo not havo been ao bitter as tlio pain that rant her hoart. An hour nderwards, when .I'label Hyde wont, an was hoc custom, to tlio warm, co;',,v boudoir whoro the tea awaited her, Lady Castlemaino looked at her in wonder. ' Isabel,' eho cried ' how ill ynu look I Youhr.vo lost all your beautiful colour. You desorvn to loso your name ; you ani not rtt nil liko a Red ltMe— nnd you aro trombliog, ac tually trembling.' ' I do not soo anything wonderful in that, Gertrudo; any ono might tremblo on a cold , .Decombor afternoon.' ' I will give you somo hot tea,' said Lady Castlemaine. ' Rudolph said ho wouid join us.' lio came, looking no handsome, ho brave, so kind, and hia oyos \'iro so full of admira tion nnd lovo for hin into, that Isabel could hardly bear it. ' Lead us not into temptation I ' Yet she had como there purposely to be -tempted her self, and to tempt others. That dark winter afternoon, as sho watched guileless, innocent lovo, thj simple happiuens of husband and wife, she repeated her vow. Sho would part them ; como what might, cost what it would, slio would part thom, for ever and aye. But how ivaa it to ho done ? Spirits of envy and hala help and aid lier I How was it to bo dono ? CHAPTER XV. THE KIKCiS AXD ijUEENH OF ESfltiAStl. Tho Christmas week was ended, yot nono of tho guests felt inclined to leave Nent.b. The holiday had beon so pleasant— ovory variety of old English sport aud pastime had been in requisition — charade parties, balls, private theatricals; they had almost turned night into day ; yet, tho day was not long enough. It waa a timo never to'ba forgotten by thoeo who enjoyed it. Lady Castlemaine aud .Miss Hydo wero the two queens ; Lady Castlemaine young, beautiful, gitted with high spirits, al ways bright, alwayB ready to enjoy everything to its ruliest extent, was tho leader of tho rovclfl. Isabel Hyde, beautiful and graccfe!, too.' followed her lead, and no ono knew of tlie shadow of tragedy that hung over her, or of her terri'clo vow. 'I havo been so happy here,' sho said, oue morning, ' that I shall not liko going away.' ' You need not go away ; Btay until the ene of January; I ehall bu delighted, and I am euro Rudolph will.' iHer heart ached just a littlo at hor own treachery ; tho fair iV.cc; looked so smilingly into hers ; the blue eyes were so clear tinci guileless ; the invitation had been so cordiully given. Yot she knew that her only object in stopping with them was, that she might work her cruel will and part them. Good impulses camo to her at times and pleaded for t!;em — pleaded to her to go away and leave, them — to put.Lord Castlemaine cut of her life— to be true to tho beautiful woman whom she called friend. What harm had they dono to her ? Lady Castlemaine had not tsken her love from hor by treachery ; neither hiul tho ecr! beon her lover, for tha lovo was all on her side, not on hia : ha had never oven been oonaoious of it. Thoro were times ovr-n now tvhen she almost , wished that oho lif.d let him see how much | she loved him ; and yet she would have lowered hor own self-respect, and lowered it in vain, for from tho moment lie beheld Ger trude ho had neither eyes nor ears for any ono else. ? ' I do not think,' she said to horsoif, bit terly, ' that if 1 had gone on my knees to him, to pray of him to marry mo ; that if I had been as'boautiful as Venus, and descended liko a queen, that he would have married me.' There Here times when she gavo herself up to vToniiering over tho strange problems of ?life ; as to why is was that f he, who could havo been so happy, should find the whole world so dark nod dreary becauee the lovo of her life was given to one who did not love hc-r. She never reminded herself- that it was her own fault— that eha had voluntarily and willfully eneouragod that love to grow in hor heart, knowing it to ba useless ; that sho had given freo rein to a passion that should havo been crushed at tho first. Sho blamed Pro vidence, circumstances, fate; chance — any and everything, except herself. Of all tho impulses that os.me to her, of all tho good thoughts and tho bad thoughts, nono wero strong enough to caii'o her to falter in her purpose. Her purpoeo in life was to separate husband and wifo— to kill the great lovo that lay between them, and put hate in its place. She worked porseveriugly anil industri ously ; she never allowed tha slightest chance to pass. Ii eho could possibly make Lord Castle maine impatient with his v.'iia, it she could irritate, him against her, if sho could rouse obstinato solf-will that waa so strong within him, she would be happy. If, by, somo laughing taunt, some sharp, cynical remark, she could rouso Gertrude's pride-against her husband, sho felt ono degree nearor viotory. Yet it waa nil dono with Buch- skill, such oraft, such subtlery that it . was impossible for her to be detected. She never lost one' chanco. Ono marning Lord and Lady Castlemaine, Mias Hydo, and several other visitors, wero together nnd were discussing tableaux vivants for tho evening. 'Lst.ua havo one tableau from that most picturosqua period of English history, tho raignof Hoary tho Eighth,' saidLady Castle maino. She turned to her huabanil with p. smile. ' Which p^all Xing Henry's .wives do you prefer ?' sho asked. Ho was silent for a fow minutes, then ho .replied : ' Catharine of Aragon,' ' And I,' sho said, ' prefer Anno Boleyn. I do not believe any of tho scandals about hor. Sho was a beautiful, unliaypy woman. Anno Boleyn ia one of my favorite heroines in history.' ' There is ouo thing about hor that I can never undorstand,' said laabel Hyde, ' and it is, how the king oould hate her so deeply after loving her so much.' ' ' 'Thorp you touch upon a sirango' meta- physical question,' said Lord Castlemaine. ' It ii said thaflovo turned to hate is the most bitter hate of nil.' .''I cannot iinagino hating any one who, has. been dearly loved,' cried Lady Castle-' mainc. / / ' I oan,' interrupted Isabel. 'I agree w;'h Lord Castlemaine ; love turned to hato is'the most bitter hato of all.' J ; ' You remember,' said Lord Caatleaiaine, ' that most expressive line : ' Hell knows no fury liko a woman scorned.' / j He spoke. quite unconsciously, not thinking at all of MiS3 Hyde. But she gave him ono glance— it Baid no muoh that if any js ne had interpreted it, that person must' hiijo under stood tho position at a glance./ j - ' Lovo turned to hate,' sighed Lady Castla maino ; ' tho idea is a vory powerful ono. I wonder if there is muoh wasted'Iove in the world.' / . ' Yea,' said Isabel Hydo, briefly; * ' you may be quito nure of that.' j {( . jmJ ?'You must read Evangeline,' said Lord CnstlomaiB-?, and sea what Longfellow says about wasted tfi'ootionn. Ho declares that affection never is wasted.' ' I do not believe,' said Isabel Hj'do, ' that ho could prove hia words. Butwc ftro goini? n long wfiy from Anno Boloyn. You would like n picture from that- most troubled time, Lord Oantlemaino?' . ' ' Ye?,' ho said ; ' I have often thought how interesting n soriea of historical tableaux would ha— ono taken from each reign. It would bo intcrcAtific; and amusing.' 'Yon would iifi ICIng Henry,' said Isabel; ' but, Lord CMtlfimaine, you do not look 'the part. King Henry wao fiir, nnd florid, end i-tout ; you aro dark, .-,nd— t-.nd— I was going to E(l(l, baudnoEzio; hut I must not say that.' Sho Added in bar own mind (hat ho had indeed tho grind, dark beauty that pic tures givo to Spanish kings, and her eyes told her thoughts plainly. ' If wo havo that tableaux,' said Lady Cnsllemuine, ' I should liko to bo Anno Boloyn i-.m suro I: could act ft character thai iB familiar to mo, and ono that I like.' . ' And I,' said Jlisa Hyde, ' Bhould liko to be Catherine of Arrngon.' ' Slio wa'J old and plain,' interrupted Lady Castlemaine. 'She-v/aa his wife,' replied Isabel; 'ho loved her (irat and beet ; ho loved her well and faithfully — for how many years?' ' I-Io loved Anno Boleyn mnro in tho few years cf his wooing and his marriago, than he did Catherine, spreading his lovo over all thoaa years.' ' I woudcr,' paid Isabel, ' whioh of his wivca ho. really loved the best. Eaoh one seemed io-have separate and different charac teristics. Catherine was 'every inch a queen,' a royal lr.dy, true to God, and to duty. What she must havo suffered when sho found hor hutband's lov'c'going from hor to one no young and beautifulns Anno — the tortures of jealousy, tho fear, and tha doubts. I ehcaid any that no woman over suffered more.' ' I ht pe not,' said Lord Castlemaine. ?'Thou,' continued Isabel, 'comes your favourite, Lady Castlemaino. Her ono characteristic seems to havo been her bright, wonderful beauty — her laughing, coquettish nature. But what a short-lived triumph 1 Whilo tho king wooed Jano Seymour, how ohe must havo Buffered in her turn all tho. agonies that she inflicted on Catherino 1' ' Jano Seymour must havo beon very beauti ful,' said Lady Castlemaine. 'She was young, fresh, and fair, history says. I should think sho waB shrewd and calculating. Sho hud seen a queen, deposed to.me.ko room for Annn Boloyn, aud sho re solved that Anne should he deposed for her I do not think that I care much for her; a colourless character, I think.' , ' Thon comes a character whom no ono loves— a character without romance or pootry — Anne of Cluvca. I have often wondered where Clsvcs ia.' ' She walked in and walked out oi history,' laughed Isabel Hyde. ' Then comes a wife for whom I liavo always felt greatest sorrow, sympathy, and pity— that pretty, wilful child, Catherino Howard ; she was but a child. I wr.s, reading somewhere, tha other day, that tho night before her execution her qries were so terrible r.na eo appaliicg, chat strong mon who heard them tremblei. ' I wonder,' cried Lady Castlemaino, ' that the wholo nation did not riso tip to a man and tear tho monster from the throne. That is the most wonderful part of liia history to ma— that he wan allowed to livo.' ' Thon comes tha last wife of all, Cithorine Parr. I always think of hor a3 a motherly woman, dressed in gray or brown, and much given to serious reading.' ' Porhap3 on his death-bed,' said Lady Castlemaino, ' ho saw the ghosts of his dead wives — Catherine, whom he tortured to deaih by breaking her hoart ; poor murdered Anno Boleyn ; Catherino Howard, slain in heroarly youth ; Jane Seymour, whom he forgot as soon as she was dead. How, which of these wives did ho lovo best ? ' ..- ' Catharine of Arrsgon — there oan be no doubt of it,' saidLord Castlomaioo. ' S/mwas tho lovo oi his lif a— they were V'it tha lovos of an hofir.' Bo you think a man eyer has two loves in hia life?' asked Ienb;l Hyiie, ahd sho looked with a clear, straight glance into the earl's oyes. ' No,' wa^ tho prompt reply ; ' evory man has one lovo that ia above all others, and which ia never repeated ; ' and ho, in hi3 turn, look ing at his beautiful young wife, seemed to eay, ' Such lovo us is mino for you.' ? This did noe pkose Isabel, who oould read his thoughts as plainly as she could hear the outspoken words of others. She turned the con-' venation back to its own chiinr.pl. ' I wonder,' she;said, oloivly, 'what people would do in thcL-o days if an English king be haved in-'snch a way.' ' Tiioy would giyo him short shrift,' said Lord Castlemaine, ^'quickly. Englishmen, in these days would act stand by in silence, whilo a yooni; aud beauti ful queen was beheaded,' said Lady Castle maino. ' I'aoplo would soon begin to want to . know moro of tho divine right of kings.' ' If V70 havo the tubleau,' interrupted Isabel Hyde, promise me that I shall be the wifo the king loved host, Catharine of -Aragon.' :'Iwiilseo to that,' laughed Lord Castlo- maine; and Lady Custlomaino smiled as she said : ! ' If the poor Queen Catherine had been ono lihlf so fair as you, there would have been no Anno Boleyn. I _ CHAPTER XVI. j . , .. .. , „ ...IBB nlVAn QUEIJKS. ; Never had tho grand old r.bboy of Neath beon filled by ouch a crtwd as that ossombled fckero during the first week of the now year. It wag a dream of fairy-land, a dream of delight. jThanight that every ono onjoyod tho most wis tho ono;devotod to tableaux vivants. It was tha erown of all other festivities. -The old abbey waa brightly illuminated. Tho light , from the numerous windows streamed opt in great ruddy floods on tha wliite, hard grouud. Tho lights woro bo' brilliant that they could ho soon far away. The abboy Was, crowded with guosts from far and near ; j tho' neighbours who had driven there caring liitle for the cold of tho winter's' night, caving little for tho frost nnd tho snow. Rumor hail been busy, and muoh had beon said aboutj'tho boauty and magniiioenco of tho ' tableaux, of tho raro loveliness of the ladios who ltad^o thke part in them. Not 'an invi tation was refused, despite tho disadvantage of wind and jveathor. The tableaux wera ' to he held in what wns ou'oe a magnificent banqueting room, in the , days when- tho Caatlemaiaes entertained the /kings and queens of England. A-nioro modern and! smaller dining-room hail J»ug sinco been, built, and tha old banquet-hall was used as a ball-room V or for private theatricals; V It wbb nnj invaluable room at Christmas time, for it Mould hold half tho residents of ' tho oounty.j ! Sooh a room ito dauoo in I There waa no other liko it. But to-night it presents distinctive features. Thero is a stage with crimson curtains before it, row after row of oasy-cha'ita and volvet-covored benches; there are mkgnificent decorations of flowera and Chriatnr.s evorgrce-na ; the great chan deliers nro jllcd with wax tnpara, and the light, tliougl brilliant, is oofc and pearly. Suoh an aiflionco was gathered together — all tho il'istocraoy for miles around. Half tho c unty was there — young and pretty girlsjfair aud bonnio matrons, hus bands and sjns. It waa, indeed, a brilliant gathering. * ?. - kx Lady C.istlomaino received her guesto, then wont away to prepare for tho tableaux. Sha was, as usual, tho ino3t beautiful and gracrful hostess, who had n smilo and kind word for all. Every ono agreed that tho arrangement* wero moat poiftiot ; nothing could hAve been belter. What a lovely mixture of choice hot house flowers and evefgrortns 1 Tbo stage was as large ftH that of any theatre. Tho scats wero all so comfortable and so well arranged, thoro waa nothing but prais-- and admiring ooniui-snts. Lady Castlemaino looked ospcciP.lIy lovely on that occasion. S'ao woro ft superb dies? of . whito tmtin, exquisitely trimmed will' sprays of-, mistletoe. Siio worn tho fnmou.' Castlemaine diamonds, tiiod in the land thef; woro nono finer ; -eho looked regal and bcEnti ful, end all evos followed her fiiimirirtgly. The series of tableaux had been most beauti fully arranged ; no expense and flo trouble hue . been .spared. Tho first was from Millnii' ' Lss Huguenots,' that most pathefio of all pictures, where tho Ciilholio maiden implorec her Protestant lover to tia tho whito hand kerchief round his arm, that ho may be saved . from tho inaesncro ; hut he will not; not oven to save liis own lifo will ho wear for on, , moment tho emblem of a faith which h( Booms. ? At first Lard -Castlemaino and Isabel hue boon called upon to take tho two /characters, but r.t tho rehearsals it was decided that Isabel was too dark, that tho girl 6houId b- represented by ono who contrasted with him ono who was very fair and had golden hair — Lady Castlemaine. Every one . pronounced it to ho a perfect picture— tho 'air comeliness of the girl contrasting with tho dark, prdud beauty of tho man; the imploring, beseeohinf prayer on her face, tha grim resolve on his. It was a lovely picture ; and when the enr tain fell thero was great npplauso. Lady Casllomnino trembled. ' Rudolph,' sho said, ' I did not lmov that one's wholo soul went into theeo pic tnres ; mine did. Eudolph, if you had beer, that Huguenot lover, you would.havo lot nu tie tho scarf round your arm, would you not?' i. Ho caught hor in his arms just for one moment, nnd kissed her with desperate pas sion. ' I would havo dono muoh for you, darling,'' he said. 'I am not pure, though, whethes I could havo dono that.' ' I would have made you,' she said, She raised liar fair face to his arid kisfefi him. There could bo no mistake about the - . passionate lovo that husband and wifo had tor each other. ' Isabel's vow was not hear its fulfillment yet. Thon followed a scene from ' Faust and Marguerite,' beautifully arranged and highly applauded, which was followed by a picture from ' The Lady oi Lyons' — Claude Molnotto and Pauline. Pauline was one of the young lady visitors. Then oama the four tableaux that Lord Castlemaino had arranged, and which many had como especially to see. The first was King Henry tho Eighth nnd his wifo, Catha rine of Arragon. He woro his roynl robes, and a magnitloent king he made. Queen Catharine, in a superb dress of velvet nnd ormino, a erown of diamonds oa hor dark hair, stood by his side. He was seated ; Bhe stood, with ono hand on his shoulder, as thonch pleading with him. ' Every inch n queen 1' In her wholo life Isabel Hyde had novor looked bo royal, so beautiful 1 _? Her dress suited her to perfection ; the sweeping velvet, the rich ermine, tho royal crown. Art'could not have lent that rapt, loving expr£3sioh to her face. Her 2ycs, aa they res . ted on tho king, woro luminous with lovo ; expressed wifely devotion, womanly tender ness, passionate lovo ; and yet, although they said so much, they did not tell one-half oi ?what lay in her heart. A beautiful picture, intended to represent thchome-lifo of the King and Queen Catherine. ' Slueh to young for tho part,' was the general comment ; ' but how most exquisitely beautiful 1 What a faoo I what a figure I' But the praise and tho homage were leas than nothing to hor ; all she eared to sea wn3 one flash of admiration and lovo in : tho eyes of Lord Castlemaino. Sha did not see it, and her own grow tho brighter for their wistful longing. The curtains fell amid loud and sincero applause. Before any ono had timo to como upon the stage, Isabel turned to leave, with a quick flash of her dark eyes. 'You should try to look as though you loved me, at least when we aro on the stage together,' aho said ; and before ho could givo her p.n answer she wa3 gone. Thotrua moaning of her words did not strike him; she was not quite like the ordi nary run of young ladies, and hs must mako allowances. Ho laughed as sho disappeared, but he would not have laughed had ho known what was in her heart. Then osine a beautiful picture, A story is told in legend, not in history, how Queen Catherino, going suddenly into her drawing room, found tha king on hia kneos before Anne Boleyn. Neither of them know of her entrance, and the king went on with hia passionate, loving words. This was tho nccond tableau cf tbe series ; some thought it tho most beautiful ; the kneel ing king wilh all tho passion of his heart and soul in his face ; Anne Boleyn with the light full on her lovely features, on her fair hair, her gleaming jewels und picturesque dreaB — tho expression of her face so Giveet, so yield ing, so loving. There stood the angry queen, and, for ones in her lifo, Isabel Hyde allowed her wholo nature to speak in her face. Passionate lovo passionate anger, passionate despair wero all thero. A face that was at once beautiful, yot terrible ; the lovo of a life-time, the lovo that would noither count oont nor crime was thero ; there also was the passionate anger, rage, and despair, moro bitter than death; A silence that was morn impressive than npplauso followed. The terrible passion on that dark, tragic face could not so soon bo shaken oil. . Tha third tableaux was taken irom the scene known in history, where Anno Boleyn, then reigning queen, finds tho king embracing Jane Seymour, and knows— poor, hapless lady!- -that her doom is sealed. Lady Caatlemaino commanded universal attention ; thoro was the same expression in her fnco that impressed tho audience in Queen Catherine's passionate love and despair. Tho fourth and last tableaux was tha beautiful and hapless Anno in her cell the night beforo hor execution— a piothre .of un speakable loveliness and pftiha?. Tho queen, in a long white robo, her hair lying liko a veil over hor shoulders, kneeling boforo a table, on whioh rested tho portrait of tho king. Was sho thinking of hia wild pursuit of her, of hia ardent love, of his worship of her beauty ? How often tho beautiful hond that to-motrow would lib low in tlio duot had been pillowed on his breast 1 Wns sho wondering to herself how ha oould slay her, whon lie had loved her so well ? , . - Those who saw tho picture never forget it. When the curtains fell, and Lady Castlemaine rose from hor kneos, sho was pale and tremb ling. '' ? 'Rudolph,' she oried, 'a shadow has ?fallen over me. I wish I hnd not joined in these tableaux. I nm hot Anno Boleyn, I am Gertrudo Castletnnine. You would not slay me, even if. I did moro than people sny she did? You would forgivo me and love mo always, to. the oncl i S20 how my hands' tremble, and my heart ha3 grown cold. Nothing could part us, oould it, Rudolph?' No, my darling,' bo replied, kissing tha pole, beautiful face. 'You havo tired your self. I will bring you 'a glass of cham pagne.' x- .- : ' V '? '????:?' matter As t-tr'ni!gc feclihg camo over me, as ihouji^^H I wns doing then wa3 some faint fo'tfahlWH ing of what some day or othor would hiippoir to me.' Ho kissed the sweet lips, that trembled of ill. ' Rudolph,' sho cried, ' do you think I shall ever kneel bfcfore yonr pictured faee, Ivith iny hfftft btoken at loo-iflg ynu ?' ' No,' lie fftifl. ' G?rtrnde darling, I will tievot have asothev fabiraox in tlio houso if they eiT?ot you in this fMhicn.' Then Isiwiel oasae to (hem, 'Waste not only rival ro.»ce,' she pitiil, liilighiiigly, 'but wo fita rival quoene, Ger trude.' ' Gpi'traao has mado herself ill by giving her \9h0le beait to tho performances.' ' I nm quite sure,' said Lady Cistlemaine, ' that I. bhMl feel, all night, as though the sonffold was waiting for me iu tho morn ing.1' And althoogli she did her best, that feelinir remained with her during tho rest of that bril liant evening. ' I want to speak just ono word to you, Lord Castlemaine, before you giva up your kingship. Tell me onco again, that I may re member, which of thesa wives of yours did you love brat?' ' - ? U'abe1 tind met him, as it seemed, quite by accident in ;ne narrow pasengc leading to the dressing-rooin — met him arid Stood still be fore him, holding his eyf.s, as it 'were, with her own, while she tsked him the qnestion.' ? Ho was hilf (.-tattled for one minute, then he answered : ' Catharine, ttf bo sure.' ' Then I am glad I was Cathorine— slighted, dfspised, -and repudiated ai aho wai, I am glad that I was Catharine. I have been queen to yonr king— I shall remember that-.' A vaguo thought that the ladies, noma nt them, must he 011 tbo point oi insanity, came over Lard Casi'eniftine'it mi&d;, but lie dis' missod it. He was elfcver and keen, and the ? strange thing was that I10 had 110 idna, not the faintest suspicion, that Isabel Hyde was or hud been in love with him. CHAPTER XVII. inn 3iir,LS of oon. (.-? Most young married people take somo time to understand each other,' to /all into each other's ways, to If r.rn to forebear, to bp patient with each other's faults.' Lord and Lady Castlemaino were no cxocplinn to the general rule. They had differences of opinion. Tho huf-b&nd;, although he spoke at times im patiently to his wifo, loved her passionately. Lady Castlemaine, although at times want ing in patience and kindness,- had tho same great, devotion for her husband. They quarrelled sotnetimcB, they-difforod in opinion, they uttered a few eharp, hasty woidtf ; then they kissed and made friends, juftlilie other husbands uud wives. Thoy wero perfectly happy in their married life— hfippy in tho preeent, and hopeful for the future. It was nearly the end ct .Innusry before the gay party assembled at Neath Abbey dis persed ; and up to that time Isabel Hydo had made no progress with the fulfillment oi her vow. Sim w.n, if possible, more deeply in lovo with Lard Castlemaine than over. . The short, fleeting hours when, on the stage, she had acted tho part oi hi3 wife, had dono her inoa'onlable harm. She seemed never to for get tho event, and it led her into a half- fami- liar kind of manner with him that would havo aroused the jealousy of some wives ; but Lady Castlemaine never seemed to notice it. Tboy were both grieved to part with hor; they had begged her to stay longer with them, but sha had answered, laughingly : 'I must go sometime; I oannot stay . always. I oannot live with you,' but I 'would ii I could.' ' Tho only comfort is that we shall seo you iu town. Wa aro going early. Perhaps Lady Cresson will let you come to ub for a few weeks then.' ' That would bo delightful 1' said Isabel Hyde, with a smile that was so much Greek to Lsiily Castlemaine. The earring!) was at the door;' tha white snow lay frozen on tlio ground ; tlio robin rodbreasta flittod about on tho bare boughs; the sky was blue and cloudless, and the wind Boughcd around the grand old walls— a bright, beautiful winter's day. Lord Castlemaine was going to drive Miss Hyde to Rodraoss station. Other guosts had been driven by tho coachman, but sho had looked in her host's faco when the manner and time of her going was mentioned. 'You will drive me?' she said. ' How many happy rides and drives I have had with yoa I and this will ba tho last 1' ' The last for a time,' be replied. ?' I hope we shall ofton ride together in London.' ' Bo you really hope that?' she asked. ' Assuredly I do,' was the reply, in a tone of wonder. . They all three stood on the drive ; the horses wero impatiently pawing the ground. Lord Castlemaine went to the carriage to nee if tho rugs were all right, find tho two beautiful women stood n'.ono for it few minutes. Lvly Castlemaino had thrown n tur cloak over her shoulders, yoi sho shud dered as tha wind blow. , ' ' I am afraid,' she said, that you will have a dull journey ; it is so very cold.' ' I nm qnitn sure of that,' said Isabel. ' I should be dull at leaving yon if it Wero tha brightest day in sumnitr. I wor.dor what kind of season it will bo; a brilliant one, I hope.' . ' It is sure to be,' said Ltdy Castlamaine. 'Wo shall not. ho rival roses this year,' said Isabel. 'You can never again ba a rival; yon are victorious.'' ' We shall not be rivals; we never wero, in that sense of tho word. Is?.bi-l, you will not forget on« thing— that you liuvu called me friond ?' 'I slit.ll rot forget it,' sho replied, with a peculiar stni'o. ' Tho greatest pleasure to mh of the coming soa'on is that I shall seo, you ligaiu,' said Lddy Ciutlemaine, as sha kissed iho face of the girl that wa3 to bring sunk unutterable woo to her. ; . And so with n kiss, false as tho kiss of Judas, they parted. That evening, over her dressing-room fire, Gertrude, with her husband, discussed Isabel Hydo. ' Sbo Fcomi so vary much attached to ua,' said Lady Castlemaine, 'I think myself « lii to fortunate in having found such a friend. You have known her soniu iimo, Rudolph ; how is it you did not fall in lovo with her?' ' II' ho replied, easily. 'Ah, my Gertrudo, sho is beautiful und clever, but she is not tho style of girl I should liavo loved. You nro my style, and 110 other. We hs.vo been married neatly a year, and I am oven irtoro your lover than I was on our wedding-day. You are, and nlways must be, tho ono only woman, in the world for ma.' As Gertrudo kissed the lips that had uttered suoh loving words, she thought herself tho mo3t fortunate as well as tho happiest woman ' in tho world. \ If tbo stnr3 that shine abovo us and hear 00 many vows, could hut toll how often;thev aro made, and how often they are broken I If tho tall trees, that stand with their great branches eif.ot and bare, could toll tho vows made under t their ehade— so fervent, so earnest, ono wonld think thoy must be immortal—and they last about a year i How the stars and tha trees' must laugh 'at' such lovers' perjuries;' how often this love is changed or dead before the leaves have Hud tbe green comes round again I i \ l where How handsome ho tho sunshine, his Little heeding any lookevs-nn, I10 trude in his arms aud kissed hor. ' Good-hy, my darling I' ho said. ' I shall not ba gono long.' 1 As they drovo away, to tho last hia eyes J lingered on her, nnd when they coold sco her A no longer, ho began to talk about her, and ovory word that ho uttered waa in loving praiso of her. Isabel Hydo had to listen 'and respond.^^| Most'pec\plo would havo been quito daunted. Sho wao going away ; it was uncertain, to say V the least of it, when they would meet again, ™ and ho had no thought for her ; his heart and mind were fall of his wifa. Even at tho railroad station, when I10 had arranged her travelling rugs, seon that sho ^ had tho most comfortable noat in a first-class car, when he brought papers and psriodicfda to amuso her during , the j ourney, when ho hnd shaken hands with her and. had hidden her good-by, she oould toll that his th'oughts^jvoro still with Gertrudo ; for ho ctime back ,£0 lier ? just.as tho train was starting — not, - as she fondly imagined, to speak a fow kind words ' ' to har, a last farewell, but to eay: / 'Do you think Gertrudo is lopkmg so woll .. as ahe did in town ?' yt- Her patience gavo way r/Tfiio ansjvered : ' Yes, I think oho ;Too'lia-!'ni5''woll ^5-it— is'v possible for her to look.' ' - . v-s. - . v. But if sho intended her answer , to ba ear enstio, her sarcasm was all lost, entirely lost on Lord Castlemaine, in whoso eyes his wife always looked beautiful. Then tho train went on its way; andvsoon left Neath Abbey far behind., - . . Isabel went with a senso of failure ; arid, now, aB she sat in her room alone, she was'*' face to face with tho knowledge that although lSv she had brought' all the power of her mind to bear on her purpoeo — that of making mis chief between husband and wife, and of ulti mately parting thom, she bad ignominiously failed. Sho sat for soma time in silenco ; then eho clenohed her whito hands. 