TOPICS OF THE WEEK. The result of a bicycle race, in which one competitor has a machine all to himself, while his two opponents divide another be tween them, 6houlil be easy to foresee. Such a race is about to be run in West Melbourne under the name of an election contest Coun cillor Peirce .rill ride upon the radical vote, while Mr. Carter (the mayor of Melbourne) and Mr. Simon Fraser must divide as they best can the support the Constitutional party are prepared to give. To put one of these two in the Constitutional party would require to be overwhelmingly strong, but this is not the relationship in which they stand to the radicals, who, when both parties poll their last vote are but 300 behind. Mr. Fraser hopes that whatever votes Mr. Carter may take away from him in St Patrick's division, where the main strength of the Constitutional party lies, will be made good by the support the radical tee totallers have been directed to give him in St. Mary'sand the Railway Division, lie also bids for the favour of persons who consider it wicked to look at pictures on Sundays emd have mounted guard before the doors of the Public Library. Mr. Fraser is not an extrem ist, nor would lie vote for local option in a more stringent form than that in which it now stands in the Licensing Bill, bat the temperance and teetotal part)' have to take him or go without a candidate. Mr. Carter's con fidence is amazing. lie expects to poll more radical votes than Mr. Peirce (else what would have been the use of these recent plea sant understandings. between the Mayor of Melbourne and the Trades-hall Council ?)and more constitutional votes than Mr. Fraser. Mr. Peirce, like Mr. Carter, is on the side of liberty of action in the choosing of hotels, and would allow " the poor man to buy his glass of beer for dinner on Sunday." If Mr. Fraser wins, the local optionista will claim a victory, and renew their demands for the throwing out of the Licensing Bill, in order that it may be made stiffer and stronger, while the triumph oi Mr. Carter will set the cockB crowing everywhere. Even the " goody goody" journal will be able to say that it has dome something to put Mr. Carter in by tbp wildneaa of its hysterica The Constitutional party, as a party, will be denied the righfita say theyh&d; anything to do with the result, whether Mr. Carter or Mr. Vr&Bor; is returned, ifa. Carter will thank them for nothing bnttheiringrati tude. If Mr. Peirce-who by rightof his profession is entitled to bte attbe1»p of the poll, or within teach of it-carries off the seat, the Constitutional party will be t&nght; a lesson in tactics *hich should be of eome use to them at the - Dnd« present circathstanceai and as tnnny>more aal to fight the issue out in-43ieir o AU trades afcd cal brought under Parliaino*' Out Jiouraof rising in the*?# to bed at night will be r~ djiatodr. persons, who ire 4i>eir . prayers may transported fa Siberia in fluile a different sort of place in the ne;;t There is to be no shopping alter 7 o'clock. To take an order for the making of a pair ot boots or to hand ft pound of lea or loaf of bread over the counter during prohibited hours will bring j you within reach of the police-constable. J Anyone reading the Factories and Shops j JSill as judges read acts of Parliament, with-, out regard to the speeches that are made in I explanation of them, would suppose that the selling of a linen collar, or a piece ol ' ribbon, or a tin of red herrings- articles often bought after dark-is a dishonourable occupation compared with the drawing of a pint of beer, or the iilling-out of a nobbier of whisky in an hotel bar. lor the shops are to close at 7, while the publichou^es may remain open until within half an hour of midnight The many small shopkeepers who eke out a living by sell in.? early and late-the widow or | the thrifty wife, saddled with an indolent j husband and a helpless family-are warned that they must close or take to some more re putable business. To keep open until 10 is J permissible only with publicans and oyster-1 men. We are told, however, that the object Di the bill is merely to confer the eight hours' system on employes in shops. In every city, town, and village the majority of the shop keepers would close early, and work their | bands according to an easy time- table, but for the minority, who, by keeping open late for j stray customers, oblige the whole street to do the srtme. They must all compete for the stray customer?, or the big houses would break. It eeems to us that, if it ts merely the working hours of the shop j hands that Parliament desires to regulate, the direct and straightforward method ot going to work will be best lor all parties. No British community can be brought, even by legislation, to look npon the buying of the necessaries of life after 7 p.m. as a criminal offence. The law will almost every where prove a dead letter, and the unhappy ' ouploj/cs will b; worse off than before, for j the strongest part of their case will have been taken away from them. Parliament j should lice .Ci individual shop hands to stand j behind the counter for a given number of hours, and prohibit employers from taking unlicensed persons into their service. What, it may be asked, would become of the hands who d d i.ot obtain licences? Well, this is a I sort of question which Parliament seldom troubles itself to answer. Every person found at bis post after hours could forthwith 1 be taken off to gaol, and a vacancy created for the next person on the list It would only be reviving " digger hunting " to do this. Mr. Service proposes that a substitute for tolls shall be provided by leasing the closed roads. This would do for the country dis tricts, but leave matters just as they are in Melbourne and suburbs. The country roads, | now lying unused for the purposes of traffic ought, we have always maintained, to be turned to some account Many of them will never be wanted as roads until horses-or some substitute for horses-acquire the art of pulling heavy loads up precipices. Mean time, the landowner encloses these roads within his fence?, and his Bheep feed on the grass. Where the roads have been fenced out by the large j holder the selector places logs across at ?ach end, and converts them into paddocks. I In either case the private individual obtains the use of public property for nothing, and the Legislature iB afraid to exact rent, lest the lease should mature by some mysterious pro cess into a Crown grant In and about Mel bourne the main roads are tailing into disre pair for want of funds, and there are no closed roads to bring in revenue. Tolls are no longer possible There were many objec tions to them in the past, including the very important one that the toll bar is the most wasteful ot all known means of raising i revenue. The true way out of the diffi culty is to place the metropolitan district ander the government of a single body, having exclusive charge of main roads. Northcote ratepayers say that they gain nothing from the traffic that passes through their municipality to Melbourne; but how would they like to Bee the road closed, and the traffic turned into some other channel ? And how does the highway affect the value of property? The maintenance of the main roads falls heavily on all local bodies. Where could there be an instance of greater apparent hardship than the St Hilda road, one half of which is neglected by South Mel bourne, because, for a considerable distance, it runs past a park? A metropolitan body endowed with the scattered patches of low lying and swamp lands within its boundaries, and having the power to levy a general rate of 2d. or 3d. in the pound, would manage the main roads admirably. Under present cir cumstances it takes a smalt fortune to keep the St Kilda road in ragged repair, because neither the City Council nor South Melbourne can afford to pave it with wood. How ignorant of the ways of the world are | those members of the presbytery who sup- ? pose that the press or the general public, whose wants it supplies, can be prevented from knowing what is said and done at a meeting attended by 200 persons. What the public have a right to know the press will find-out, and who can with auy show of reason deny that the interviews between the i Melbourne Presbytery and the Scots Church are of thp deepest interest to all earnest men 1 M^Won»en? Tuesday's meeting, one or! questions were put to the ! £ of the presbytery, which! .-.Ji those learned divines. They' ^^j pUicea in the church for the pur b -t^fiing the congregation that in filling vacant pulpit they must choose a hobelieved in and endoraed the *"* "Doesthe .to all parts ' had couie to enlighten them. " The mode 1 rator (the Hev. Johu Thomson), the lie v. D. !.S. M'Kaehran, and several other clergymen ' ;says the report) rose excitedly to explain, i ami an uproar ensued, while Mr. Sutherland was eventually ruled out of order." llow can the moderator Rive an affirmative answer to j Air. Sutherland's question, after it has been j admitted in presbytery that the article eayins that the world was made in 6ix dBys need not, in these times, be read literally ? And yet 240 years a^o the man who ventured to interpret it otherwise in "the Assembly of divines at Westminster " would have been surely expelled as a heretic. Mr. Andrew Harper tried for a while to evade the direct question put to him by Mr. J. S. Johnston, but there was no escaping from the fact that Mr. Harper lias acknow ledged in letters written to Tit" A that he acceptethe Confession oi Faith, " with mental reservations." Oi whom was it said that " they bind heavy burdens and grevious to be borne, and lay them on men's shoulders, but they themselves will not move them w'uli j one oi their misers:'' At the Working Men s Conference in Svdney some oi the \ ietori.in representatives ! candidly admitted that payment of members | had not produced the results expected from j it. The working man Las as little chance \ now as ever o£ obt aining a seat in Parliament. . Payment of members has handed over to a very dinerent class of politicians the share of the representation which the working men, or the advocates of their claims, expected ; they would acquire. It has created in every j lar^e country district the feeling that the first duty of a representative is to attend to the I personal and private interest; oi the indivi dual elector, and to push his business through the departments. Until the Public Service | Act was passed, the member for the district j had to nnd Government billets for his sup I porters or their relations-a schoolmaster s { place here, or a clerkship there. The working man is shut out from Parliament by his inability to spare time for making himself known to the electors. There are not more than two or three constituencies out of the 53 into which this colony is divided where he would be an eligible candidate, and in these two or three constituencies the field is already occupied. Ills little Parliament is, and must continue to be, until the conditions of public life change, the Trades-hall Council, in which but one side of any important ques tion is represented. At various times mem bers of the council have stood for town elec torates, but either through jealousies among the working men themselves, or in conse j quence of their preferring candidates who have already acquired some experience of political life, their place on the poll hasj always been low down. The public hears the views of the working man through the paid agitator, for whose benefit trade organi sations are formed and salaried offices created. These organisations have their valuable uses, but they do not help the pure bred working man to obtain a seat in Parliament, nor do they bring the community at large into direct contact with the artisan and the factory hand. The presence of a tew working men in the Assembly might have an educating effect on the mass they live among, by mak ing them acquainted with the practical obstacles that stand in the way of fanciful projects lor altering the course of human nature. A few months back the SpccMor availed j itself of a pause in the strife of politics to contemplate and moralise over the decay of genius. One by one the great lights J of the middle and latter period of the century are going out, and while the few' that remain are burning low in the Bocket no new luminary can be discerned in the advancing twilight The same strain, pitched in a high key, has been taken up within the last week or so nearer home, in the columns j of a Sydney journal, which for five days in the week works, with its coat off, in the busy, dusty, sweating world, and on the sixth. sits down to moan over the de parting great, and the dull blank that ! seems to be coming upon mankind. Is; there any real occasion for this lamenta tion'? Darwin, the mighty intellect of the century, has gone, but is not the work he left 1 still to be done in the domain of science such as men of average powers can successfully ; carry on for a generation or two ? They bave the clue to work by, and tbe way well defined. The world was long preparing for the new faith, aud if Darwin had come 50 years sootier the Origin of Species could not bave been i written. Yet 50 years ago mankind were not cast down. Myth, fable, and chance have lied from the field like ghosts before the dawn, and science has established itself on firm ground.. The human mind is now turn ing to higher themes, and those who have faith in the destiny of the race will not despair for the rising of the teacher and the seer in their due season. Circumstances may bave nothing to do with producing genius, but they have everything to do with its development There is a long array of problems of the highest moment awaiting solution, And while suffering and wrong are in the world, and man yearns, with unsatisfied longings, to know more about hiB origin-whence he came and whither he is going-these conditions of out being should be our chief hope. This is a time of universal inquiry, and we need not conclude that discovery will cease because bigotry has been compelled to lay down its favourite instruments of torture. What astronomer of the intellect foretold in the last century that the heavens would be filled with the galaxy of stars that have been shining over ua for two generations past ? " Orphan hours " sang the poet, in one of his sweetest dirges " Orolun houre, tbe yew }e dew!, . ^Oomjk^nd ^ . Spencer ami- their successors as surely as Par win came a r New ton ; so we may as well hasten these melancholy " wakes" to a seeuily cudmg. Mr. Miles, the Queensland Minister of Works, made a confession while talking abou barmaids last week which helps us towa s arriving at a conclusion on this uiuch-vexe question. Two sorts of politicians ha\e a down" on barmaids. There arc serious men in the world who look upon pleasure in a forms as unprofitable, and the pleasure o taking refreshments is one from which they would cut oil" the whole human '^ce. We respect such men, although they are 6adly misguided, because they are earnest. But the other and farmore numerous class object to barmaids on totally different grounds. Mr. Miles shall tell his own story in his own words, as reported in llatisard: " On one occasion, a good many years ago, was lodging at a hotel in Sydney. 1 here was a very uice, pretty girl behind the bar, and an old gentleman on the counter, sitting cross-legged like a tailor. I went out for two or three houra, and did a good deal of husi ness. When I returned I found the old gentleman exactly in the same position. Now, 110 one need tell me that if there had been a man behind the bar that old gentleman would have sat cross legged on the counter for three or four hours." It is important that we should ascertain what Mr. Miles's grievance is. lie does not say that the girl kept him wait ing for his drinks-apparently he popped in twice-nor does he complain of the whisky being bad. Neither can he say that his rival during his absence took more than was good for an old gentleman. It all amounts to this, that the barmaid reserved her smiles for the old gentleman, and the Queensland Minister for Works (himself no chicken we suspect), who presumably visited Sydney forthe purpose of enjoying a holiday, had to put in his time at places of business. Mr. Miles may say that he would 20 times rather talk about wool with woolly men in Pitt-6trect than llirt on Church-hill, but Queensland Ministers of mature years, with an eye for " very nice pretty girls," want watching. LikeTam O'Shauter, the Minister of Works evidently "kens what's what fu' brawlie," and we have come to the con clusion that the politicians who talk vehemently against barmaids, either in Queensland or Victoria, do so because they have not-like some lucky dogs they know i been allowed to sit cross-legged on the counter, when they were a long way from j home, and out for a holiday. Otherwise, why should it have annoyed Mr. Miles, who got all he wanted in the way of drinks, to Bee an old gentleman, visiting Sydney for the ex press purpose of getting as far away from business as possible, passing the time in the most agreeable of all occupations-flirting? Mr. Miles, we fear those grapes of Jong ago you remember ao well were sour ? From Sydney we hear of a delicious Colonial Office despatch just received by Lord Augustus Loftus. Anticipating the vesti mentary obligations of office as Executive Commissioner to the great London Exhibi tion of 1886, Sir Patrick Jennings, it appears, applied to the proper Imperial authority for permission to wear a certain costume, the uniform of a Colonial Minister. Mr. George A. Lloyd, formerly a Colonial Treasurer of New South Wales, applied for the like privi lege, and also for the favour of adding to his name the prefix "Honourable" for life. We are informed that all these requests were graciously conceded to the applicants, and the fact announced by an official communi cation to Lord Augustus. Sir Patrick is the sort of man commissioned by nature or the jus Divtnum to carry oft" any quantity of gold lace, frogjrings, cocked hat, or other bedizen ments; but Mr. G. A. Lloyd was brought up in the severest ways of Congregationalism, and pomps and vanities were supposed to be as far removed from the range of his ambi tion as speculating in flour cargoes was supposed to be within it As events have turned ont, Mr. Lloyd may have the burden cast upon him of wearing honours for two, for Sir Patrick Jennings stays in New South Wales to bear his part in governing his adopted country, as one of the Dibbs Ministry. This, however, is one of the trivial accidents of the hour. What is important is the Imperial Government re cognising the necessity of putting colonial statesmen into brilliant clothing when they go home to stand before princes. One of the oddest incidents we ever read of-and all the more odd because it was associated with a sad and painful ceremony occurred in a suburban cemetery, near Sydney, on Sunday lost. The facts are vouched for by the Echo. Friends were pay ing their lost respects to the memory of a deceased brother-a volunteer, a Mason, and a member of the Society of Druids. It had been arranged that, after the burial service of the Church of England had been read, a volley should be fired over the grave; the Masonic and Druid rites were then to follow. Someone, whose presence had not been counted on, stepped forward, however, as soon as the prayers for the dead were finished, .and began a sermon. They waited patiently for a little while, hoping the discourse would not last long, but the preacher showed no signs of stopping. He was an EvungeHcal preacher, used to open air work. They hinted to him that it was time to stop, lie insisted on say ing his full say. The widow of the de ceased, whose wishes were entitled to be considered on such an occasion, desired that the preacher should leave off. He declined to leave off, and proceeded to speak bis mind freely about the propriety of having Masonic and such-like ceremonies at a pro perly-conducted funeral. The mourners then intervened with a definite request to the preacher to retire from the scene and allow tfaem to conclude die service in their own way. At thirpoint the sexton came up, and said ihft$ "the revivalist was chaplain of the cemetery, a&d; must not be touclwd," How much longer the sermon lasted the report doeB not say, but it laated long enough to exasperate the friends of the deceased and interfere with the carrying out of their programme. Could anything have been more out of keeping with the solemnity of the occasion ? Whether the zealous preacher, preaching to unwilling listeners, was the cemetery chaplain or not -they had some doubts about it-he sub jected their Christian forbearance to a great Btrain. It is well, perhaps, to be charitable towards such persons ; there are victims of the religious mania in all communities, but this one Beemcd very much in want of a keeper. The inquiry into the Wellington tarring and feathering case has resulted in the defendants being committed for trial. Persons on the 6pot, assisted by the gossip of the town, may be able to arrive at a working theory in respect to the facts, but the mystery still remains mysterious to those who have nothing to guide them but the report of the police court proceedings. The Colonial Secretary, Mr. Buckley, was sum moned as a witness for the prosecution, and moat indignant and violent waa he with counsel for presuming to suppose that he { could know anything about the matter. At the next hearing Mr. Buckley apologised to the Court and Mr. Travers for having lost his temper and spoken angry words. Mr. Buckley is himself of the legal profession. The prosecution seems to have been search ing every where for witnesses from the 20th of August to the 1st of October, and without going into the merits of an inquiry which is sub judicc, we may state that it met with ill success. The material witnesses are not to be found. No one ventures to assign any reason why a man of Mr. Muir's social stand ing should be tarred and feathered by persons who were strangers to him while he was visit ing the suburb of the Lower Ilutt by night The possibility of there being an excuse for the outrage was put in a vague sort of way by the defendants' counsel in his address to the court" Supposing the offence had been committed "-and counsel insisted that proof was wholly wanting-" some justifica tion might be Bhown for it There were many offences for which tarring might be a remedy. In America it was quite a common way to punish a certain class of offences, though he did not attempt to justify that mode of pnnishment" Most of the witnesses gave evidence with reluctance, as the follow ing passage from the deposition of Mr. W. R. Waters, a merchant in Wellington, will show" On the morning of the 20th of August, I could not Bay whether I had any conversation with the accused near the South British Insurance Office, or close to the door of my ofiice. I decline to answer the ques tion. I cannot say whether or not I saw Mr. Buckley that morning whilst speaking to the accused and Mr. M'Clelland. I cannot fix the date. I see Mr. Buckley every morning. I cannot swear that I did not eee Mr. Buckley. I connot say whether I saw Mr. Buckley walk across to the South British Insurance Office. I will not swear that I spoke to the accused and William Henry M'Clelland, and afterwards walked down the street with Mr. Buckley. I do not recollect Walden telling me of the outrage." Another wituess, who tore up the subpoena on being served with it, had to be brought into court by a constable. The first step in the prosecution of the Pall Mall Gazette was publicly taken on the 2nd of September, when ltebecca Jarrett was brought before the Bow- street magis trate. She was the woman commissioned by the editor of the Gazette, to obtain possession of a child of tender years, for the purposes of certain experiments that be and others were conducting in connexion with a highly moral crusade against vice. Mrs. Jarrett was charged with taking part in a conspiracy for the abduction of Lily Armstrong, and, the case having been opened, the presiding magistrate remanded the prisoner to a future day to allow of summonses being served on Mr. Stead, the editor, who had gone to Switzerland for the benefit of his health; a member of his staff, a Salvation Army woman, and Mr. Bramwell Booth. The child was taken away from her parents on June 3, and they did not recover possession of her until August 24, when the persons who had her in concealment fell into a trap set for them by the police. It is admitted in the Pall Mall Gazette that Mrs. Jarrett was em ployed to buy a child in order that the chief commissioner might prove how easily girls of tender years could be brought to ruin. Lily Armstrong, while in the hands of thiB vir tuous asencj', was drugged, and subjected to various tests which we forbear describing. It is denied by the Armstrongs that they sold their child in any sense of the term. Mrs. Jarrett made them believe that she required a girl to help her in household work, and they put her out, as they supposed, to domestic service. Her age was 13, Before the police found the child they had to bunt for her in the department of Drome, in France, Mr. Bramwell Booth obliging them with anaddress, from which she was removed before they arrived. Mrs. Jarrett was also hiding for some time in PariB until an extra dition warrant was issued, when she returned to London, and afterwards gave herseli tip to the police. In remanding the prisoner, the magistrate refused to grant bail, because she had been so hard to find when wanted. Since the mail left we have learned by cable that the prisoners were committed for trial 