Meat Food for Nervous People. .?—Kwichity:. Tome is Rood for ncrvoug persons, but is not easily dijjCBted. Wild game ia excellent. Fish ia pood (or norvons pooplo. Eagi boiled just onongh to harden tho wbiio nro easily T* i . ?_ _ ' digested. It is a mistake about people eating too much. Tho majority do not eat enough. Nervous dyspepsia comes from working too hard and not eating enough. When a man begins to suffer from overwork ho should oat plenty of good bread and butter, drink two quarts of niilk a day, and eat plenty of good meat. When such a parson resorts to a vegetable diet he grows woaker and loses his norvo power. At a meeting of the Anthropological Inali tute, Mr. James O. Frascr road a paper on "Certain Burial Customs, as illustrative of tbo Primitive Theory of tho Soul." The Itomans had a custom that when a man who bad been reported to havo died nbroad "ro turned homo alive, ho should enter his bousn, not by tho door, but over tho roof. This custom (which is still observed in Persia) owed its origin to certain primitive beliefs and customs with regard to tbo dead. Tho ghost of nn nnbnried man was supposed to haunt and molest tho living, especially bis relatives. Henco tbo importance att.ichsd to the burial of tho dead, and various precautions wero taken that tbo ghost ohould not return. When tho body of a dead roan could not bo found, ho was burled in fii'iKy, and this flotitious burial was held to bo sufficient to lay tho wandering ghost, for it is a principle of primitivo thought, that what ia done to tbo effigy of a man is dono to tbo man himself. The Director read a paper by Admiral F. S. Tremlott, on tho " Sculptured Djlmensof tho Morbibon" (North-west France.) About 80 sculptures lmd been found, invariably on the interior surfaces of tbo cap stones and their supports. It ia remarkablo that they arocon fined within a distancoof about lti miles,and aro all situated near tbo sea-coast, beyond which, although tho megaliths aro numerous, there is a comploto abaenco of eoulptures. Tho sculptures vary in intricaoy, from simplo wave-lines and cup- markings, to some that havo beon compared to tho tattooing ol tho hew Zealanders 