TElRRIBLE ACCIDENl' AT "TIHE C:AULFIELDItACE.l i; A.Jockeyj Killed, nd.d M'any 1[) ured. 1.. Seyinel'orlse' Ki lled.o l . Is the history .ofAustralian: racing there is no sneb unfortunate accident.recorded; as that which occurred i n1the Caultield Cup on Saturday. ''ti?' 'ieild ,of horses was. wit?ha single' excepiion,' the largest. tliat ever started'for. a":race- in the colonies. and that was when The'Ghost won the Itadies' 'l'rbph'j at' Caulfieild in ' 883; S henSa in a field o£ .of . hoeres ran. All went well in the race till the horses' were nplproaclhiug the turn, where. Too Too had struggled to the front,'andlwais leading'iby a :fcre neck. with ulaptrap'hug- ging theo rails oii' her left; 'and Sardius gal-: loping iiiimediately on her right. The turn, which is'consi'dered the most difficult part of the course, was yet somei distance dhead, aid ;the horsei , whio were well strung out in what is! really the .broadest;'stretch of 'the whbole track, were crowding oii the rails in order to get the inside running'for the' ru'sh up the' straight to the winning-post. :.How Too Too caime down is not known, even the riders of the leading, horses holding differeiit opinions as to what; horses'were'rcally first down,; or how 'they fell., The mare gallops awkwardly. and as she wo'uld be tiring at the timhe, thli mbost probable : theory-that favore'rd bri'A many. persons who:wore standing' neiar i 'spot at -the timne--is that -hei;'frdoi'1" P" crossed with those of'either Sardius or'Ol b trap, probably the' formner." 'rom thes't: aet the white jacket and blie cap -the colo'Ai,. worn by the rider b£ Too.Too-sremed, to sink suddenly.into the ground. . There ,was. a clash of struggling horses, silk.clad jockeys. were hurled here" aind there .in wildl.confu-' sioin. ride·less .and;. bridleicsi horses.'were' dashing away, Iwhile others limped off in-. jtired, and four of the ji ckeys, with two horse,' lay quite still upon the turf as if they had been killed outright., IThe crowd extended! nearly down to the point where the 'riccidert 'occurred, .and almost befoie the last horse had cleared the inianimate group, the jockeys "were picked: up.' It'was at once:hppairenit Ihat Donald Nuicholson;:odne bf'the most populincbf light weight riders, had been killed instantly; 'He was riding Lird Exeter. and, strange to say, the horse was never' kockedi off his legs. butt the shocl6:hurled ith'e rider with fearfui violence' agaibost the white fenice. :. His'skull iwould oe'It to ha i:obeen. cirshed in, and: .blood was also streaming from a gash across his ?obth ":'Ciacknell's chest was crushed in 'fromdn .,3 bldowi.' He 'lay,' quite' hslpless,; though consci'us,.being able to describo'his injuries,: and to take a glss'i f water .from' those who helped himru .~Wyyman; .thidrider. of Saidi~', -seemied to have been struck in the fac, and he seeried tob' l orse than he really was.- -M Grade,;who had'been on Tom Brown,, looked ,vrry.' ghastly. .His nose was brolein in, one: arm ,hung loosely, and whatI with the dust and. blood on his' white face;, those:.iaround thouhbt he had also beeni killed outright. M.7Grratbh, the rider, of Princei Imperi al; .was 'also, ;lying sdeneles~ having received a'blow on:tho hiad whven his horse rolled over. :Ths etiy. rider, Twminey, lay.',tretched. alniigside:; his: dead .horse, Urarib, who ihad been instantly killed.'.- At ;firastit seemed ithat' both tho 'horse and1 jockey were iri tlie' same condiiibri, and th6 commiseration for the tiny boy.lying on the end of the stretcher. was greater on adcount, of his small 'size. .:Wyman, the rider of Si?diun, was on e;of:the first down. and as the first horses.e'eined to roll on top of ·him, his escape from instlict death was a tmiracle. He, too, was picked up unconscious,'suffer irig from concussioii of the :braid. Some of the riders weire able to walk, andothersa.rere assisted, to the casualty "room,' while stretchers had to be fiuriiished; for live.'; t the casualty-room tlie ioijuired: riders iwere attended. by';bDrs.; Jitzgerald, ' Williams, O'Haris, and others; 'His Excellency, -who haedarried idt long. before the. race, went down to iinke inquiries as to their conditio;, and, on leie;aing i.'hnature of:' th'e accident, . he at once left.the tcour:se IMr. Speight,,the Olairan'?oi"R' te Ti ilwa y W Oo ? nim'missioneri~i volunteered ltouu' ' special traim intdi Mel bournie,: ,so.tbhat those -who. were worst in jtired might'be''at' once tiiken "to thed Mel hotirie eHoispital'. ITliey' w're epleced two iifi -two; upon .stretcher,·;, and carried through ai;lando "of 'people' to 'the railway; station, mounted troopers being requiredto' keep the paiti?clear.'; Wyiimant,: the rider -of Shrdius, was .t ken 4to0the Alfred· Hospital, and the 'dead bldy of DonaladNicholson was ; takendtboki's 'h'6ie'iieatl'iclniobnd. ' Nicholson, whio '8 regarded as'.the'hist .light- weight irilder ini ,n'straliai wai 27,ears';of £age, and' 1his'~pdireditfsilive, at.'B'iballarat"' A.s'jolky.2' he had tlie reputation,,of riding, most .deter.., mined finishes.-. His ohief successes were the Sydney Cdpl.'on Normnnby; the Greatl Metropolitan..Stakie, on Masquerade .thoe Afuttimn Handicap, ou Empress; the A.J.C, Pla'te"onh'-'rhDuilrnmer ';thie Mares' Prt'ddidce ,Stakeg,*ti.'-Etirt liDeuio ;n the Syddney *HaR"d ;dicap, on. Waxy. ;sand fohr Epsom Handi-' "caps.on MasqueriedeiWasxy, Mister Avenel, and 'Espiegle' resipecively, besides 'riding many winners of lesserevents. :. STh'e iorsesetht" caiii mdown '~eir irSrdihus, 'Tomi Bibiown, The Israolit e, irs6pt;CiiiridcB Inpertiel, Impu'Ii^lnlsle;" Countryy1'. Boy: ' Oilptriaiji Kingshiip, larpetapljiicky Ilit ;X,.\tiiohester, Sirocco,; 'J'?' TLoup, ' nd'l?;,iUr jhlh',,ii bltrap," one-of. the leaders, made a gallant.t-fort to 'esap 'y.jjunmping'o'er" Too Tiioo a'blie fell, bht-Sar'diusB.as-h.;went.down, brought him to grief. Trahani got off syonderfully well, -arid-was ableto. rides the winner afterwards nii the tWindsdr Handicap, Hulchens being tie only other one of those who came down .who was'able to takeo a mount afterwards. 'TI Brown,rthe rider of Too Too, although in tlie ~very thickest-- of /the aelee,' escaped almnoI't .' ithout lijury, b;ut the' mare, who' was galloped o!ser.hy a lot of horses, lay for some time on the gruduid"apparently dead, Sbht she .afterwards rose and got away. iith somr:e i diffioulty. '...".i.i. . :. :: . . '.. ' T'he first three.horsee down were Too loo, .Claptrap;,and' Sardius. : Prince: Imperial was so'close at their heels that he seemed to fall witli'theinm; theni Tom Brown, Despdot, Impulse, Country Boy, Kingship, arid Tar peiu fell almost in a bunch, while Marie Louiae,-whd was- galloping with this group, was just far enotgtu out to avoid the horses that came down In front of her. Amon'gst the last to fall were Lucky Hit, Win chester, Sirocco, anud Urarab, the latter beiug instantly killed. The fearful nature of the accident was shown in the condition of the horses as they rose. Prince Imperial and Sardius had their bridles -torn away, while the saddle on' the list.named was turned completely round. Tom Brown's :addle was also broken, and hanging in fragments. Some other horses came into collision, but they were able to keep their egs., Plausible rushed violently into Tom Brown while the Sydney horse was strug ,gling to rise. The shock was so great that l'lausible was turned completely round, and' Power thinking that his horse was inju:ed, dirmounted. Lord Wilton was also in violent collision, and Moore, after being 'knocked forward out of his saddle by the 'shock, clung, to his horse's neck, and.came out all right. Amongst the horses most in jured were the three who came downs first, tiro of whose riders, as already stated, came, :ifficatheless. Sardine is perhaps the worst 'if them, ard it is very unlikely that he will be out again i this spring. ''Glapt'rap, who was very lame, was go: to the stables with difficulty,'and placed under treatment. It was at first thought that Too Too would have to be destroyed,'but she improved after wards, and can be got round. 1Sirocco was also 'cut about a good deal, bdt'the' otiers' seemed very litile the worse for the mishap. 'On the arrival of the special.trainh whicus brought the sufferers to Melbourne,'stretchers were procured, and Oracen'ell and M'Gbath^ ivere carried orito to the Melbourriei'Hspital, Dr. Williams,:vwh haa'coiendfrom' tht course' with them, attending to ,ttem,on,thb way. M'Grade andd'the lad Twaomey followed on anothers stretcher. :..The ,tidings of the acoi dent had preceded thti'm, and every preptara tiun'was made' for their reception into the cassualty-room. Dra. Fitzgerald, Purdey, 'ind Mollison were in waiting, .assisted by Dr. Williams. -eracknell, who.a ils -years of age, and resides at'Newmarket, appears to have fallen on his left side,, His rbas have become'disjointed from.te breasit bone, adi? have 'been 'completely driven unde it; - '11 is also ii jured internally, but iAis not known to .what extent. - His.. right thigh is con a:ider'sblv bruised and :cut, aild thej'shock ,which he sustained was so eeveru .tlat it dis placed his heart. M'iGrath;'who'also lives at Newmarket, is suffering froln a fracture of the base of the skull. idward Mv-Grade, agdd 25 yeiars, is i ;isbident of Riundwcik, bydney. :His riglht shoulder-blade' is frao tureld, and his nose is broken. 'I womey is t.heleast' bhurt of those in the Melbourne Hospital, having had his ribs ffactured. He his been treated at 'this institution pre: viohely'for injuries received iu a race. Mnr risen, the rider of Sirocco, had his arm broken, but his case was 'no considered serious enough to warraint his'removal to the ho'spital, and'he' 'a" taken ho"me. - --.:' - : Cracknell and M'Grath -were udiconscious .when thiey were admitted to the 'hospital: but they soon regained their senses. The doctors weris With the- patiienits oitifiiiallFy aitil Sunudaymorning. They expected that 'Lracknell iaul M'Grath wiould'. not live 'tlhe sight oait, buStas lime wore'ou thir 'codditiodun norovtd;. ':;Having . their cohstitutions 'Uitekened by the effects of 'training,' th2e umedidal men considercd that the jbeuckys hiadd less chance of .recovering? than would a man: who ed oyed fair healthl. Many of theirf friends, including the Hon. W.'l Persn und 'iMr. AlMif visited the suiferers to-day." Dr. Fitzgerald has taken charge of the- cases of the four men in the Melbodrne HEIpital. . Just before the crash came, Niclolson called the .attention of the jackeys beside him to the fact' that Loru JExeter' wais pulling himn out of' the sa:ddle. oHei"had just remarked, ';* hived't I got a'~soft tiring to-day," ,iwhen 'he- wvicn.. do??n and 'wks killed. R obert' Wymaoi,: the rider ' of Sardins, who sustained concussion of the braiii;had so far impiovcd at the'Aklfred' Hospital this evening as to b J able tou cn verse with the doctors. ' "" 