The One Name. g i BY OHAELES B. EOBINBON, D.D. h h It is not long since that a prominent business man, s w h e n cloBely pressed by his pastor, replied with a calm force which was meant to put an end to further pertinacity : " I am interested in all religious matters ; I am w always glad to Bee the ministers when they call; but I EOstpttats have in the years past thought the subject over long and carefully, and I have come to the decision deliberately that I ha've no personal need of Jesus Christ as a Saviour in the sense you preach." Only two weeks from this interview the same man was Buddenly prostrated with disease ; the illness was of such a character as to forbid his conversing with anyone, and the interdict from speaking was continued until he waB within an hour of death. A solemn moment was that in which a question was put to him, intimating he might talk now if he could—nothing would harm him. The last thing, and the only thing, he said, was in a melancholy and frightened whisper : "Who will carry me over the river ?" It is enough to make one's blood run cold to hear some individuals express themselves about their sovereign maker as if they supposed he was inclined to wait always upon their convenience. A standing order has been left at the doorway of the palace of God ; the kingdom of grace is not accessible to rebels advancing on their own — meritB and Beeking an audience ; the porter will certainly c give a quick refusal. For he has been commissioned to eay to every one who approaches, " There iB one God, and one Mediator between God and men, the man ChriBt Observe that all necessary sacrifice for sin has been made by the Son of God who died on the croBs. He was wounded for our trangressions ; our iniquities were laid upon Him. It seems very strange to find men turning away from this truth almost spitefully; in other relations of life they are grateful to those who bring them favour at great cost. Once a man was standing beside a piece of frozen water, and saw a young lad floating among the ice- cakes ; he sprang upon the loose mass in order to rescue him. He succeeded; clutching the boy in his hands, he held him up for all to see, exclaiming in his gladneBs, " Oh, I have saved him ! I have him ! here he iB here he is !" But as he passed his living body into the arms of his mother, the treacherous footing underneath his feet gave way ; he sank instantly out of sight, and when he was found he was quite cold and dead. That boy lived to grow up and become a Christian, and once he was asked how he knew he was redeemed. He told the Btory of his early deliverance, and how another died for him. This he used as his figure : " JuBt so," he Baid " my soul was drowned in sin; Jesus saw me linking', and Himself plunged in to Bave me ; and that is why you hear me so often Binging my verse : " He sunk beneath our heavy woes To raise us to His throna ; There's ne'er a gift His hand bestows But cost His heart a groan." Observe, in the second place, that all the invitations <jf the Gospel are issued in the name of JeBus Christ. He says in every instance, " Come unto Me." It is the greatest mistake to imagine that men need anything else BO much as this pure Gospel in the name of God's only-begotten Son. Ho never sayB, " Come u n t o the Father," nor "Come unto the Holy Ghost," n o r "Come unto the church," nor, " Come unto heaven." He says, " Him that cometh unto Me I will in no wise cast out;" but He says nothing besides that. The earliest missionaries.that went to Greenland were the most self-denying, conscientious men that ever lived; they took their lives in their hands, braving the dangers of cold starvation, and the hostility of a barbarous people.' They laboured faithfully, but they had no succesB. The Greenlanders did not want to .hear about the Moravians' God, if He were so hard towards the sinners. Ten years passed without a convert. But on a certain occasion a preacher went out with , one of the natives to hunt for food; he beguiled the way by telling the story of the God-man Jesus Christ, who came from heaven to earth to go about doing good, and at last to die on the cross for sinners. At this the heathen listener could hardly contain himself; lie burst out into the rapid exclamations : " Oh, how good a man He was ! Why did you never tell us that before P" His tears flowed freely as he heard the whole story of the cross ; he soon g&ve; his heart to 6uch a Saviour, and many others with him. Observe, also, that all requirements under the Gospel are imposed in the name of Jesus Christ. Whatever we do either in word or deed, we are to do in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God and the Father by Him. t t. All authority in tliisjworld emanates from Him ; this race of ours has been put into His hands to redeem and govern, We have no intercourse with our Maker except through Him. Our God is Immanuel, that is, " God with us -" and the God who is with us in this dispensation is JCBUB' Christ; we " serve the Lord Jesus Christ." That is the reason why our Lord's preaching in the New Testament has such majeBty and dignity ; He taught as one having authority, and not as the scribeB. Just before his death Daniel Webster said, "My heart has always assured me and reassured me that the gospel of ChriBt must be a divine reality : the Sermon on the Mount cannot be a mere human production : this belief enters into the very depths of my consciousness: the whole history of man proves it." Observe, in the fourth place, that all privileges to •believing people are granted only through Jesus Christ. Justification, peace, access, grace, hope, joy, and glory— these in one verse are offered through Him (Bom. v. 1.) There is something quite as safe as a profession, as it is frank as a confession, in the wordB of old Thomas Berridge. He says: " Once I went to Jesus like a coxcomb, and gave myself fine airs, fancying if He was Bomething, BO WAB I; if He had merit, BO had I. But now I go to Him as a Bartimeus, when darkness clouds my peace ; and when I pray, I always go as a leper, crying as Iaaiah did, ' Unclean, unclean!' " There is no other way of salvation except through the name of Christ Jesus. What will follow from this for practical service F 1\. We see the ground of apprehension there may be concerning very many persons, amiable in life, correct in moral habit, lovely in disposition, true to all outward duties of religious routine ; if they are not "in Christ," they will be lost. 2\. We see BIBO why some inquirers do cot find peace. It is becauBO they are still going about to establish a righteousneBB of their own ; they are occupied in trying to get to God by mere process of reform : whereas God iB Himself the only way. 3\. We see why some strenuous eiforts to do good are not rewarded. It iB because the endeavour is not put forth in the name of JOBUS Christ: possibly it is in the name of personal ambition, or of worldly success, or of sectarian zeal, or of congregational vanity, or of local emulousneBB. . 4\. Finally, we see what makes the full joy of the Christian's heart. It is that he is Baved through.Ahe name which has never failed to bring in its trophies of race. He'iB owing everything he has, and is glad to owe t, and everything he is too, to the Lord who has bought w im at the price of HIB own precious blood. He knows e iB safe ; and he knows that there is enough and to g pare for all who will come also to the Saviour. Some years ago, the Spanish ambassador, representing a hat was then considered the wealthiest country in c urope, visited the court of Venice to arrange a treaty. ne of the chief men of the palace led him to Bee the h ights, and amongst them took him to the ducal reasury—huge coffers filled with heaps of gold and recious stones. The Spaniard asked for a staff, and hruBt it down into the coins ; he touched the floor of he vast casket: "All, I see !" he exclaimed, " there is bottom here ! My king, O duke, liaB no bottom to his reasury ! " It iB just this that makeB the child of God o glad and safe ; grace is boundless. —S. S. Times. 