A STRANGE VOYAGE. BY W. CLARK HUSSELL. bunion of t;A Sea. Queen," "Tiie Lady Maud," t A Saii.ou's Sweetheart," "The Wreck of tile Gkosvknor, &c.; . Chapter XVI. — "Wk Send a Boat. Ulie evening lav m a fine clear darkness i stern, the "white stars plentiful and bright, 'lie Silver Sea was reeling off a fair six knots, ind a wide stream of froth poured out from audcr lier stern towards the moon's wake, but the crescent was yet too faint to do more than give n 'pallidcr look to the foam that ran under it. TJic sea lmd a cold weltering appearance, despite the fair, warm night. A chill cainc off it that was not to be met by an overcoat; and as the head of a surge ran with a yearning gush of foam out of the gloom to the ship, aud fell shprt and melted iuto a sheet of seething white that was upborne like a floating shroud by the following billow, I thought that let the weather bo what it would over the ocean — hot, if you like, as the shadowless cquntor — it was but a bitter cold grave a drowned man would find iu the silent heart of the vast and restless shadow I was looking at. I peered into the darkness DVer the taffrail for the barque, and not seeing her raised the glass to my eye. aud searched ifresh. I swept the sea line from our star board to our port quarter, guessing if she were not in that field she would be nowhere; but 110 blotch to represent her or any other vessel that way rose between the lens and the stars which winked into the telescope nil along aud just above the horizon, «' She's foundered." said I aloud, though to myself, and not without a sort of consternation, for I had made sure of seeing her, and this eyanishment was a kind of shock in its way, ' There's nn doot about that, sir," said a voice, and I found the second mate, Mr. Scrapie. at mv elbow. ; "Upon my word," I exclaimed, "a man should be able to sympathise with .nervous people who think the ocean but a perilous play ground, when he looks along its surface for a ship, visible but a fow minutes before, and finds the frothing platform as bare as the flky." Ay ; the sea's got a maw yell not find in the laud," unswered the second mate gravely ; <s when a mon decs ashore there's a mark put tip, the sextuu muk's a moond over him, ony way ye knaw where he is, and feel that at onv moment, by digging, ye'd come across what's left of him. But it's different with the sea. lir. When a mon sinks he's moor gone than had he been turned into smoke and blown away by a gale of wind. Where's that barque noo ? Ye may follow her in fancy, if von like, sottling down into the water there. But thot's not U ; she might ha' been fule of people — t'woidd ha been arlc the same. There's a ficorojtf heeds of froths where shn f$it fl0Wn . luere s nowt under God's eye," said he, with a glance aloft, " to show you where she mado a hool, and the surface remains the same as when the Laird creeated the earth — aye, and it would remain the same if every ship upon this globe was to founder and tak' doon every sailor mon alive at the present time." " Well," said I, struck by such fancies as these in a plain merchantman, and not a little Impressed by the pulpitical twang and rattle of his north country notes, " one thing is quite pertain, wherever else she may be, she's not ftfloat." Just then the colonel, with his wife upon his Arm, came along. " Is that you, Aubyn ?" he shouted, haltinsr La - 1 !--» , .»«-- w, nuwnvaiu oi the wheel aud peering over the spindle nt mo. " Yes," said I. \- ' 1 What have you been looking at ? anything Wrong ? anything in sight V" ." I have been trying to find out where the barque is ; as she has disappeared, Mr. Semple, iad I have concluded that she has foundered." \- "There's na' doot of it," said the second inate. " Well, this is n pretty state of things!" Cried the colouel. "Barqne gone down, do you say ? A pleasant omen, by Jupiter ! I say, Edwards," lie roared, " do you know that the Vessel behind us has sunk ?" . " Has she, indeed ?" sang hack Edwards ki the tone of a man who is perfectly comfortablo and does not want to be bothered. Pipes came rolling aft to have a look. "D'ye see anything of her?" cried the Colonel to him. The old chap peered and peered and theii Said, " No, she's gone. She was more iu a hurry than I thought." " She's gone, do you say?" demanded the colonel. " Ay, she's gone." "Well, confound it all, this is a beastly thing to happen, right under one's nose, damn it I" bawled the colonel. " Why, in the name of heaven, do you want to pntiisin the way of ilicso accidents, Captain Pipes ? shoving your ship into the thick of them. Hang it! even how you re aiming for the other vessel as if we had formed n party for the purpose of going to sea in search of horrors." " Anything hut a drowned bodv for me, please, Captain Pipes," said Mrs. "Inglcficld, langnishingly. "I am far from being a brave Woman, Mr. Auhyu." V T1,,ere';i 110 ncei' ' '"Ik l drowned bodies, Kna am, responded Pipes. <( You may navi gate tho oceuu for years aud never come across such an object. As to my putting you in tho way of these disasters, colonel, you've seen how it came about, as well as the other ladies and gontlomcn. There mav lie n chance of saving life in running down to have a look at a Croft knocking about like that there clinp ahead of us ; and I hope (here's no living creature about the Silver Sea as would object to the rescuing of a fellow being in distress." " Oh, that's all very well ; and it there's a fellow being in distress, I hope lie may be rescued, confound it !" cried the colonel. \- " But what I say is, if we're to call ourselves a party of pleasure, there's no use in you, as cap- lain of this 6hip, steering ns into unpleasant Sights and making us gloomv with dciicedly un pleasant reflections. Eh, Aubyn? Pipes is no fool, hut I don't see how lie's going to answer that. What should I say if a friend asked me to a ball, and on inv arriving led me iuto u family vault, and begged me to interest myself in skulls and dust? By Gad, I must tell' Ed- Wards that. Hang mc if that's not n simile -Publblied by special arrangements with the author All nehu reserved worth repeating." Aud away he siumpod with his wife on liis arm to tho group at the other end of the quartor deck. " He's tho most nervous gentleman I cvor had to do with," exclaimed Pipes. " Timid t why, if a baby was to make a face at liiiu he'd rail awav and hide himself." " He has suffered much from liis livev, and tho liver, you know, plays Old Harry with the nerves," said I. " How comes sucli a mail ns him in a fight ing calling, sir ? 1 never had much respect for soldiers myself : lint I've usually found them with courage, anyhow. But here's a military officer frightened by an abandoned ship going down." " Captain, you must take no notice of him, except, to laugh nt him, as I mid flic others do. I suppose we shall be fetching that derelict soon — if she slioidd prove to bo abandoned," I went to the side, aud past tlio curve of the mainsail saw flic ship lying about a milo ahead of us. The narrow strip of moou and the stars threw out among them light enough to shed n faiulncss of white upon the sea, and the ship in it was a dull pale shadow. Pipes said to f he second mate, " There's been nothing like a sig nal of any kind sliowu. She'll be abandoned, us sine as my head's in my cup. But we'll give her a good chance ; so get tho mainsail hauled up, Sir. Scinplc, and let. some hands stand by the inizzen tops'l braces and buck the yards that we may pass her slowly." I walked to where Sir. Edwards was sitting, while the watch came over to the main clew garnets. "This is tho sort of thing to make time fly at sea," cried Hornby. " We require at least one excitement every day." " Why are the sailors palling up that sail?" inquired Miss Edwards. " That wemay not pass the ship too rapidly," I replied. " Suppose Pipesshould run iutolier 1" shouted the colonel. "Eh, Hornby? Nothing more like to happen with a man who will go mousing about among wrecks." , " Then we must vie with 'one, another to distinguish ourselves, and all that sort of thing, don't you know," replied Hornby. "For example, my ambition would be to cover my self with glory by preserving the life of Miss Edwards." " You're free from gont, Hornby ; hut don't talk of glory to me," said Edwards. " There's no covering oncsself with any thing iu accidents at sea. In fact,. I think it is the rule for people to uncover themselves at such times." "Hero comes the ship I" exclaimed Miss Inglcficld in her qnict voice. She was close to windward, and went rolling and slewing past ns very 6lowlv in conseqnencc of the hacked mizzen topsail yards deadening our vessel's way. She was 300 tons bigger than the Silver Sea, and lier high freeboard and tall bulwarks mado her look a complete lump of n craft in the gloom. " Hark ! what is that ?" cried Miss Edwards. It was the tolling of a bell that had apparently got fixed in some fashion so as to allow the tongun or olajipOr to strike the sides with cvciy roll of the wreck. It was a strange and mourn ful sound to come out of the deep shadow which the ship's hull made upon tho dusk of the night there. We passed her so close to leeward that her yardarms and ours seemed almost to come together. Pipes may have wanted to frighten the colonel or to leave himself iu no doubt as to tho vessel being abandoned ; bnt bo liis reason what it would. I was not a little eusod when our helm was put over and the big craft was on our quarter. The skipper hailed her with all his might, but the only answer ho got wiis the dreary tolling and the echo of his own voice floating back out of the ship's canvas. She was in ballast, and rolled as light vessels will ; hence a constant slapping sound pf ropes and sails came irom ncr masts, along with the chafing of blocks and chains and the creaking of timbers, and the splashing and slopping and trothing of water under her stern and along her sides ; aud through all this flowed the dving notes of the hell. "Itisrnng by no mortal lraud, anyway," said I. "It's a donccd unpleasant funereal noise to listen to," exclaimed the colonel. " Who's ringing it ?" nsked his wife. " A ghost, no donbt," said Edwards. "Upon iny word, it is depressing," said Hornby. " If the ship was full of life, and all that sort of thing, don't you know, i t would sound rather nice ; but coming from an empty vessel and nobody doing it — - — " Here Pipes arrived to tell ns that she was abandoned like the other, nnd probably leaking. " Though her crew," said he, " don't seem to have given her much of a chance j lor they must liavo got away hours ago, to judge of our seeing nothing of them, and the vessel is high enough out of water to proTc flint by pumping she might have been kept afloat till the nearest port was made, and that's not fur off. But, ladies and gentlemen, for what goes on at sea there's no accounting. Whilst the old fellow jabbered away, I was staring nt thcabandoncd craft, impressed by the picture she made, though it was the pathos in it, tho sense of her loneliness, that yon got bv looking, the feeling that she was hound down to the dark sands beneath us, that gave the marine night scene its chief poetry. Bv her being to windward she sent tho notes of her bell to us along the wind in a kind of thin, shivering sound, like the tremble in the end of n tone emitted by a silver wiro when twanged, wliich the imagination heard long after the ear was deaf to it. The curl of moon over her, and the _vea6tv glare of foam in the darkness on the water, and tier ashen canvas, like some sheeted spectre sliding thwart the great liquid desolate plain of the deep, and tho dance of the stare on either hand of her. as she rolled lier pallid fabric of spar aud sail in nnd out of them, con verted her into a picture fit to muse upon whilst she lingered ; nnd I was staring and thinking and trying to fit lier with n story, understand ing pretty well that the two vessels lmd been in collision, anil akaulnned hv their crews, for reasons tliey would doubtless be able to explain if they came oft with their lives, when on a sudden there was an unmistakable Mm/forward, the fcc-1 of a smart blow struck upon the ship's bow, followed by a shout from u band on the foreensilo, though 1 did not hear wliut lie said. " We've knocked against something 1 I bicw it would happen ! " roared the colouel, at tho top of lii3 voice. " It'll lie a hit of wreckage I " cried Pipes, ns he and the second mate (loundurcd to the ship's side to look, whilst I bent over the roil, finding Miss Edwards on one huud and Hornby on tho other. "I sec it!" cried the girl. "It's a large dark mass! "and' as she spoko there enme bumping and scraping along the bends of tho ship what looked to lue to be a vessel's long- heat, bottom up j and floating close to it was tho body of a man. Tho moon was on onr side, and that gave ns the glimpse wo caught of the tiling, aud a hit of white wider washing past tho figure threw it out us the glimmer of a dim lamp would, whilst u gleam, snatched from God knows what, came off the wet planks of the boat as it lifted a moment like the back of a porpoi.-e, aud passed with a sqnattcring sough into our wake. " Anybody see what it was ? " yelled Pipes. " There's n lump of something lilack gain' nstani, sir 1 " sung out the fellow at the wheel. I heard the skipper fell Sir. Semple to sound the well, though ho never meant that order to reach onr cars, and he was rolling aft to look at what the helmsman had seon before it passed out of sight, wlieu little Hornby cried : — " Captain, tliero's a man's body made fast to the object wc struck." Mrs Inglefield shrieked : " Thero now ! the very sight 1 begged to escape. Charley, take me downstairs— tako luc downstairs instantly, sir." If this were affectation it was capitally simulated ; she ran to lier husband, caught his arm and bundled him away to the companion, whilst Pipes called out : "" A man's body ? why, he may be alive, Mr. Hornby. Better "heave tho ship to and send a boat," And at tho top of his voico lio shouted to the watch to lay aft to the main braces. "Are you sure it was a man's body?" said Mr. Edwards, throwing liis cigar over- hoard. " Cocksure," answered Hornby. " I saw it, papa," exclaimed Miss Edwards, speaking with an awed voice, her figure erect, her hand grasping a backstay, and tlie sheen of the glittering heavens in her eyes as she sent her glance into the gloom over the stern. " There's no life in him though," said I. " I'm sure of that." Miss Inglefield came up to Miss Edwards and put her arm iuto the other's. Meanwhile the helm had been shifted and the watch on deck, tumbling aft, wero hauling on tho weather main brace-. Iu a few minutes the Silver Sea was lying without way upon her with a sharp noise of the running waters pat tering against her sides, but with everything quiet aloft iu the grasp of the wind, though the reeling of tho moou over the mizen topsail yjirdarm was evidence that there was swell enough under-running the pale shapes of the surges to force onr masts to keep time to the inaudible music that the dark folds sxvang through the ocean's heart. Three hands jumped into one of the lee quarter boats, and you saw the rugged form of Mr. Semple in the stcm- shcots shipping the rudder ns the boat slowly sank from the arcliiug points of the davits. The bearings of tho object the men wero in quest of bad been takeu, aud the distance was but short ; yet I don't think any of us felt over-comfortable when the boat shoved off and iu a minute or two was scarcely to be distill- gnlsh.ed.from the dusky curves of waicr that puled into a fringe of form as tlioy ran aslant of the moon's course. The wind swept with a wail in it out of the misty weather starlight, and tbouuli it was bulinv euouirh vet von seemed to fiud a chill in it thru from the sound of the spattering of spray aud the seething of foam you heard iu it. Indeed, this heaving to brought tho chilly ocean strauguly close to the senses, lie.ircr than ever it conld approach ainan aboard a vessel sliding over it ; it was like dropping the weapon that kept some wild beast at respectful distance from you Hnd feeling its breath on your cheek iu the gloom. The deserted ship lay a long way to wind ward ; she needed some intent looking nt to des cry hex : though whan mum ««> — "- J - ' - - — — .uougnt 'of as Sinking out there with the bell on her deck sounding her dirge, and then when the mind came to the body iu the darkness between, the sea took so dcsolnto a character, tlicro was something so unreal, so cold, so mournful in her liquid jetty line of it against the sky with pale luminaries feebly twinkling beyond it, that, upon my word, it made conversation with one's fellow-creatures a sort of necessity nnd tho thoughts of a cheerful cabin and a glass of grog a real relief. " A pretty look out now if that boat upsets and drowns the men." said'Mr. Edwards. " Can you see her, Hornby ?" " Why, no, I can't say I do ; but she's perfectly safe — no fear of her upsetting, Edwards." "Did you see the bodv, Margaret?" asked Miss Inglefield. " Quite plainly, dear." How dreadful 1" cried lie girl, and though it was not to bo noticed, one felt the shudder she gave. " I say, Edwards," shouted tho colonel, coming out of tho cabin and bawling the moment lie had bis head through the companion, " this sort of thing is confoundedly queer pleasuring t, isn't it? If the gout's to he enrod by running dangerously close to sinking vessels, striking against half submerged objects, and examining dead bodies, all I can say is f lie proscription's a deuced nasty one, bv George !" " It's all right, colonel," exclaimed Edwards. " Don't bother now, my dear fellow. Try one of these cigars, and endeavor to enjoy the sea as I am, by finding something exciting in everything ihat happens." The colonel without answering took a cigar and lighted it nt Hornby's ; and it was luugh- nbie to watch them bobbing at each other, tho little chap on tiptoe and the colonel stooping his hairy face as though like u bull he meant to licnve the shipowner overboard with a toss of his head. Presently a Ulan came aft with a liig globular lnmp aud stationed himself on the quarter with the light in his hand. The yellow lustro tinged the fellow, and liis rough figure and pulo face stood out against the darkness like the sketch of a seaman drawn on black canvas with a pencil dipped ill phosphorescent light ; it shone dimly too outlic helmsman holding by one band to n spoke to steady the wheel and looking sea wards, and on Pipes standing up on the rail and grasping the gaff vnng, ami on tho great wall spaco of the spanker that carried tho eye up to the delicate tracery of rigging alive with the float ing and swaying spangles of the stare. "How long is the boat likely to he awav, Pipes ?" cried Hornby. ' ' ' Not many minufus, sir. The object's not a quarter of a mile off, and it'll be visible enough to them afore they're close to it," an swered the skipper. "Who saw tho corpse?" demanded the co lonel fretfully and iu a raven note. " I did for one," I replied. \- It mis a corpso, I suppose ? "It was a man's body and a corpse, I bolievo." " All this sort of tiling's a mistake, Edwards," cried the military man. "Why, bandit all I this is not voyaging for health. Its body snatching, I call it. If we're to stop the ship to examine every dead thing we meet, who's to to tell me wc shall over get home? cli, Hornby? Why, by George ! I'v-. been towed up the Iloogliley through swarms of dead blacks ; but who'd dream of dropping anchor in order to examine (lie dcuced'unpleasaut crowd, one by one, ns tliey floated by ? yet that promises to be the rule here." " No, no," responded Hornby. "Pipes thought the body wc passed might be alive; anil as Christians and gentlemen and humane people and all tliut sort of thing, don't you know, lie added warmly, " it was our duty to mako sure that the poor fellow's dead before leaving him tossing about on the sea." " Captain Pipes would liavo acted cruelly had lie not sent n boat," said Miss Edwards, with a touch of indignation in her voice, The colonel half smothered up some military blessing lie invoked upon the head of Pipes, and fell to stumping about tho decks, glaring uluft, then at the sea, then into the standard coin- pass whilst lie sucked at his cigar with nil his might. Ciurren XVHI. — We Find a Man and Lose One. The time passed and wo chatted, bnt not very gaily, and when after a pretty long interval tho minutes went by without giving as a sign of the boat, we feU-silont, and I, for one, grew a little anxions. Now and again the man who held the lamp would raise and swing it. As the moon veered westwards she seemed to draw the sprinkling light that had flowed from her up into her own dimming silver, and imperceptibly a deeper shade came over the water and the top- moat sails wliich were before visible melted into the gloom. Still, it was a fine clear night, no sea on that, to use a sailor's phrase, the smallest boat " need take tho least notice of," and tho Silver Sea would be plain enough to her men out upon tho water even had no light been shown. " What's keeping thorn, captain ?" exclaimed Mr. Edwards. " Are they in sight V " I don't see the boat, sir ; but she can't he far off," responded Pipes, dismounting from tho rail. " Better give Sir. Semple a signal of re call perhaps. Some- second mates havo too much zeal, ns you may be aware, Mr. Hornby;" and lie stepped to tho companion and called to the steward. What be meant to do was not Quite clear ; but he apparently mado his intentions known by returning and discharging a double barrelled gun into tho air. The red flames gashed as he let fly each charge, one after tho other, like a postman' s knock ; and the oxplosion was so noisy that one conld have sworn it was an old bell mouthed blunderbuss he had fired. Edwards hopped off his chair with surprising alacrity i it was as if the detonation had cured his gont; Miss Inglefield nttcrcd a ciy ; and the colonel ran below to his wife, who, seated in the cabin, had instantly followed the explosions with several piercing screams with li view, possibly, of giving a proper sig nificance to the. noise. "I say, Pipes," shouted Hornby, " for God's sake, man, no more of that— at least, give us notice first. You've frightened Mrs. Ingle field into tits." "lmust have the boat back — I must liavo her back, Mr. Ilornby,". exclaimed Pipes, talking with agitation nnd approaching ns with the gun upon his shoulder. " Sorry to frighten the ladies, I'm sure ; but I don't llko my men's long absence. D'vo see anything of the boat-, The fellow at the wheel and the man hold ing the lamp took u wliile to staro uu l then sang out " No signs of her, sir." . " Can't you poll those sails round and go in search of her?" asked Mr. Edwards. "Dnrsn't leave the spot, Mr. Edwards. Gor' bless you 1 if .we didn't, run hor down we'd miss her for good," cried the bid skipper. " What can Mr. Scrapie ho up- to?" aiid bundling aft he scrambled oh to the rail and putting his hands to his inouili scut his voice flying in a roar, across the water. Wo all hold onr breath, hut . no answer was re- .turned, "A pretty moss!" said Hornby, restlessly flitting hero and there. " If the men are lost we shall have to put hack, "Not over manned as it is. "Only two days .out, too. What a confounded business now, ch ?" : Hero the colonel arrived with his wife on his arm. '' , , '... "I can't stop downstairs," oxelaimcd the lady in an excited voice. What with dead bodies anil guns going off, my nerves have quite given way," " Isn't tho boat, in sight yet?" shouted the colonel. Nobody answered, and the silence was un comfortably impressive. In thevuguo light. I saw him thrusting his noso towards us, ono after another, as though ho would gore a roply from one of us, and he then bawled : " I daro say she's gone down ! I iloro says she's capsized I It's quite likely the men are drowned ! Nothing would surprise me. It's not enough that Pipes should run us into an abandoned 6liip — why does he go limiting about for dead bodies ut this hour of tlio night ?" and lie dragged his watch from his pocket as though lie were drawing a oork, and went over to the skylight and dodged about there to read the timo. Miss Inglefield had relinquished Miss Edwards's unn for her mother's, and seeing tliis I said, " You have a keen sight, Miss Edwards ; will you step aft with me aud let us see if we can make out the boat ?" She immediately consented. We stood on the taffrail, nnd I told the fellow on the quarter to hide liis lamp for a momciit, us the slieeu bothered tlio sight, and then wo looked ; but neither of us could soo what wo wanted. The play of the surges was perplexing ; tliey made a throbbing out iiithe darkness, and though again and again I could have sworn that the black object I saw was the boat, it always proved the lift or curl of a billow ns its dis appearance or tlie gleam of froth that followed regularly proved. " How dismal the sen looks!" exclaimed inv companion. ".One feels, after all, that there is justice in Colonel Ingleiield's remark that a thing of this kind happening, as it were, on the very threshold is depressing, But I am not superstitious." " Nothing yet lias happened," said I. "Wc have passed u dead body." " Oh, Miss Edwards, you will not surelv accept. 6ucli an incident as fateful ?" "No because I am not superstitious ; but at the same time I conld sympathise with any one whose mind was troubled by such a thing. Perhaps," she continued, " I feci so uoie l,e" cause of the darkness and the dreary washing noise of the water, and — and the thoiiglitof tho dead man out llicrc and our boat's erevr. Ami is there not something to make one shudder iu the very look of the stars?" I knew wlurt she meant, for it was a feeling that lmd more than onco visited mc at sea when at night I had paused iu n job aloft) or when walking the forecastle deck on tho lookout, to gaze nt the sweep of deep indigo air so filled with stars that it was ns though a mcfeor big enough to fill the vast dome hnd been shivered Into dust aud hnd covered tho sky with its brilliant atoms. Yes, I liavo known what it is to feel a kind of shiver rim through mc as I have, (flared nt the glittering immensity on high, at the awl ul and thrilling revelation by. the night of world upon world, creation upon "crea tion, left bare by tlio black concavity of the deep to the most distant reaches of ercry compass point, till a kind of orazincss has come upon me with the imagination of being alone, nnd forming with my little body tho centre of the slow "and stately dance of suns, and moons, and stars ; and nothing bnt the shudder that followed the thought of the presence of tho God head shining in what I saw, so that I was brought close to the majesty of the Creator by the darkling, sparkling sweep of His works around mo— I say nothing but the slniddw springing from mysterious dread and over whelming awe— would nt such times cleanse my brains of the startling and half, mad thoughts in it. For tho shivering start, yon sec, would he a kind of hysteric springing awny of tho mind from its own mood. It is a relief that tho over full imagination contrives for itself ; and I have a notion that if incipient lunatics could be taught to shudder with all the spiritual forco they possess— whonovcr they feel shnddcry, of coarse— they'd tremblo— you may laugh at mo— but I say they'd tremble a deal of their madness out of them, ns I hare. " Boat ahoy," roared Pipes within a fathom of us. ; Wc strained onr cars! A faint voice nous camo along, thin as the dying echo of tho last vibration of a harpstring. "Did you hour anything?'-' I cried to Miss Edwards. " Yes, distinctly." " Captain," 1 sang out, "your hail was answered," "Was it? was it?" ho exclaimed, jumping upon the rail with a bound that had like to have broken his neck. " I heard nothing." " Nor I, sir," said the man at' tho wheel; and tlio follow who held the lamp also said he " heard nothing. "Try' them again," said I. He did so, and this time the answering liilto, faint as it was, camo clear cuongh to reach the ears of us all. " Well, I'm glad, I'm glad I" cried Pipes in tho voice of a nun about to break down ; and then he stormed oat: " What's been kcoping 'cm? what's Mr. Somplcbeea about I Why,' it's real' sogering, I call it t Docs lie want riding down ?" Tho others approached ns, Mr. Edwards' limping with his hand on Hornby's shoulder ; and wo stood in a body listening and watching, while tlio wind sang among the rigging and tho arrested ship throw the running seas from bar side with a hissing, shattering noise, and the. shadow of the night took y ot another shade ; for th e curl of moon that liad changed its silvery mother o' pearl into palo gold, had slipped from the lower topsail ynxdarm to half wity down the spanker. The crow, ns many as there wore <4 tbcm, overhung tho. ueci bulwarks, storing like oursolves j, for tho boat had been a long time, ubsciit, and fore and aft curiosity was on tiptoe, amongst those who were awake, to know what hnd ile- taincd her out in tho dusky weltering. Pipe# worked awny with a night glass levelled at th spot where the faint hillo t hod proceeded ; and by-nnd-by lie cried out, " Aye, there she is. I sec her now." A few minntes passed. " Mr,i Aubyn," he suddenly exclaimed, in an agitated voice, "you have younger eyes than me. Take this glass, will ymi, ami tell mc ho ITiauy oars you can count." ' (To nit Continued). 