St. Mary's, South Creek (BY JAPONICA) Now, that our 750 powder and shot pugilists - with a Government license to kill - are far away at sea, and the war fever is on the wane, we are quietly settling down into a more thoughtful mood. It was Artemus Ward, as the genial showman, who said the Australian kangaroo was the most amoosing little cuss of all his animals in the show. Had Artemus lived till now, he would in all probability repeat that he was indeed a most amoosing cuss. Well, to me, it does appear strange that young men will leave a peaceful and happy colony, where every want is supplied - and even wishes are generally obtainable - to rush into a war in a desert and far off land ; a war, in which I utterly fail to see that in any way concerns us. When I see married men leave their wives and children for the state to look after, and go uncalled for to wage war against the unfortunate black man, under his own palm tree, I am inclined to think the millennium will not come this year anyhow. The whole press of the colony may praise them, and the eloquence of a Dalley may proclaim them patriots, but I think the very name of patriots has been dis graced. Anyhow, amidst a troubled sea of argu ment for and against them, we now learn they are to be put to the front, and the chances are that the Mahdi's followers will give them a trimming that will make them wish that they had never been born. If I should go a long way out of my way to kill a black snake which Providence had put in the jungle, and get bit, I think I would be a mean skunk to ask the snake to apologise. I would court content like a lover lonoly, And woo her, and win her, and wear her only, And never go over the white sea wall For gold or glory, or for aught at all. The wind that bloweth where it listeth, and no man knoweth where they goeth, have been about here pretty muchly this week. I think all the dust and dead leaves in the west gathered themselves to gether and came to see us. The wind was very strong indeed, and has played old " Harry" with the late fruits, We are to have a series of public meetings right away. We require a bran new railway station, and we will have one or know the reason why. It is to be built right on the corner where the apology for a goods shed stands. And the goods shed - a fine large one - will be built just where the station master's " humpy " is now, and the name of the station, the public school, and the post office will be called by the same name. What a blooming fine row there will be over the christening. Oh I it will be a bit of fun, we aro all too busy saving money to think about public requirements just now, so we will have to make a fresh start. We are going to advertise in the Nepean Times for the whereabouts of the trustees of the new cemetery. I do not think that they can possibly be in this part of the globe. The only portion of the cemetery that anything larger than a wallaby could get through is a portion belonging to the Roman Catholics. And if a Catholic ghost should happen to stray from his own patch in the dark into the Protestant department, he'll just think he's in the scrubbiest part of the Richmond common. There is a great deal of talk about forming the township into a Municipality, and I believe a meet ing will shortly be called to test it. I think we re quire it very much. St. Mary's would be a real pretty place if it was only straightened up a bit. Our roads' man has been doing some squaring up in the main street, and has made it look grand: but fancy putting a hollow log in instead of pipes. Hollow logs are suggestive of early settlement and blackfellow; The trustees of the site for a Mechanical Institute will endeavour to re- establish a Mutual Improve ment Association, with a library attached. There is ample room for a bookcase to stand in the south end corner of the Protestant Hall, providing the Hall Committee don't ask too much rent for it. If they do, we will only have to build a reading-room on the site which has been given for the purpose. I feel sure that the trustees - who, in trying to re establish an Improvement Association and Library will meet with the approval of every one who would desire the Intellectual advancement of the district. Mr. George Rankon litis withdrawn from the contest for At'gylo, having been advised to rotiro by those who wanted him to stand, A terrible nuno explosion has Inkon place at Snarubaok, in thu llhonlsh provinces, 200 persons are known to be entombed. 