A LIVELY FIVE MINUTES. From St, James' Gazette.]; We are told every day that "truth is stranger than fiction and that this is so is again shown by the following facts, which I narrate as nearly as possible in the words of the person (an assistant to a well known veterinary surgeon to whom the adventure occurred last week : 'J We have been having several cases of rabies at the surgery during the last month or two -more cases than usual ; but, with the exception of one, they had all been brought in before the disease reached its most virulent stage. I am rather interest di in the disease, and had been reading about it; and sitting in the surgery alone and quiet (but fra poor beast in the yard with rabies which gave vent every now and then to the dismal howl peculiar to the disease), it was not particularly lively and when my master (a veterinary surge in) came in in from his usual round I was not sorry. Bowont into the yard and inspected the patients as usual, ordering the collie with rabies to be killed at once. I attended to this, and, returning to the surgery, received orders to go to the Britannia pub lic house, in Soho, and poison a large re triBVor belonging to the landlord. My master had seen the dog during his rounds, and found it in a dangerously rabid state. I filled a small bottle with hydrocyanic acid, and, taking a syringe, went off at once to see about it "Aiming at the house, I stated my business, and was handed over to the policy to be conducted to the dog, which I could hear howling every few seconds There being no yard to the house, they had chained the dog down in the cellar to a staple in the wall, ' 'E's a very bad case, sir,' said my guide, an I'll be glad when it's all over for although he was a great pet with us all, so' that fond of the kids you never see, it's awful to see 'if not know any of us ; but when we gooD near 'im to have 'im come flying at us. Think VU suffer much 1 where 'he goes ! 'ear 'im. n All day longcloth like that," I assured him it would, soon be over without much pain ;, and, [descending tons J steps, ya , passed through a room in the basement that, was dimly lit by a small and grimy window. Cases of wines and spirits were ranged against the wall, and we could hear the tramp of the thickly shod customers in the bar or taproom just above our heads., Opening a door, we passed into another room ; this' was lighted only by the small window i in the morning had just left, as it shone through the now open door. ' He's in there- said the pot boy, pointing to another door in the wall, opposite.) Thinking there was a window in the room, I pushed the door open, and immediately heard the rattle of a chain, and the hours half- hours, half growl of the poor beast, whose eyes I could see, against the far wall, gleaming through the dark.- Window there was none. ' Why on- earth didn't you>bring a light 9 I asked, angrily ; ' you : don't suppose I can poison him in the dark V 'Thought I 'ad a match said the man, fumbling in his pockets; ' there's a gas jet just ?- inside, the door. I had no matches,! so I sent him a stairs to get some, and, awaiting his return, sat down on an empty keg near the door, i s. . i " The dog seemed uneasy and fancy- ing the light through the doorway annoyed and distressed him, I pushed it to with my hand The man was some time gone (I found afterwards he had been to ask his mistress if she would like to have a last look at the old dog)', and I sat there think- ing over the notes I had been reading in the surgery. The air of the cellar was close, and the smell of the wet sawdust on the floor was most unpleasant Clark went the dog's chain against the wall' or floor, as he moved uneasily about, wondering, I daresay, what was my errand there. Then the movement ceased for a time, or, partly absorbed in my thoughts, I failed to notice it The next minute I started, feeling something rub against my leg. Looking 'down, I saw two glaring eyes just at my knee. The dog was loose, the staple having worked its way out of the damp and yielding mortar. ' '. For a second or two I nearly lost consciousness. My heart seemed to stand still ; but by an effort I kept from going off into a faint. I shall never forget the next few minutes as long as I live. I was alone in the dark, with this rabid beast rubbing about my legs- first one and then the other, as if he were trying to find out who I was. Then he rested his nose on my knees and looked straight up into my face. I sat like a statue, knowing that at the Brightest movement he would probably seize me', and knowing (who better 1) that such a bite in his advanced state of disease was almost certain death, and a horrible death too Nerving myself 'I sat perfectly still, calculating as well as I could my chances of escape. Presently, the dog put first one paw, then the other, on my knee, and, standing on his hind legs, gently rubbed his head against my breast, then over my arms, and then commenced to explore my face I shut my eyes, and felt his nose pass several times across, my face covering it'with'saliva. Yet I dared not move U CP expected every instant The would seize me ; the very beating of my heart might disturb and annoy him of and li felt that, come what might, T must'flrng him off and make a dash' for the door.' * " Suddenly he ceased, rubbing against me, and appeared to be listening. else could hear the' steps of the post-boy descending the ladder. I also could hear it, and knew not whether to call to him or keepl'si'ent.'yrhèdog now dropped down to my knees again, still ' listening and as the light of a candle streamed through the crevice 'of;' the' deadly ' fitting door he crept into' the far corner ' of' the collar," evidently 'dreading' berrie put 'upon the'bhá'in again 'Then I made ^"dash^'at1 {Jie/''door, swung "it 'open,' and, ""banging' is to dished me, sank more dead than alive, oil areas near the walls Seeing my state, tbV mail brought 'me' quickly nip of brandy, and I pulled myself together! All this time the,dQg''w'as'growling furiously on the other side of the door, and tearing at it in his and endeavour to get at usJ Stea- dying myself as well as I could I placed the light one Ipi'e'of cases, and refilling "tay syringe withheld," opened the door about Iwo^iaoHeV'B I expect )d, the infuriated beast rushed at the opening; and as he did so'I"d¡soharged the contents of the syringe into his open mouth in a few seconds all was over. When I went'upstairsIjl founding trou era, vest, coat, hands, and face, covered with the saliva from his mouth. I felt sick and faint, and looked-so the people said white as a ghost in fact, I could hardly stand j ! a "The dog I had killed was bitten by the mad dog that rand own Piccadilly some three weeks since, and had only showed symptoms of madness during the last few days. " 2 For rest of Reading Matter see 4th Page 