Bis Honor and Bijah. As his Honor was signing the warrants, and Bijah was seating all the bald- beaded men in the audience in a row, a voice from the corridor was heard singing : " Oh 1 why do I sigh and lament 7 Oh I why are my days full of woe ? Why haunted am 1 by ghosts of the past And whispers so sad and so low ?" "You may bring hiin oul, Bijah, and we will try and find out," observed the Court as the verse was concluded. The prisoner, who answered to the name of Cyrus Grover, was soon balanced on the mark, and his Honor inquired : " Cyrus, why are you sad ?" " Your Honor, I waB born of poor but honest parents. I first saw the light of—" "Don't begin so far back. Start in about two weeks ago." " Your Honor, I was the eldest of thirteen children. We did not live in luxury. On the contrary, Indian meal and a very cheap grade of molasseB constituted our " " Prisoner, time is precious." " I understand, your Honor. As I was saying, when the cold winds of wintor blew around our humble home—when the wild blast shrieked about the gables— when the pitiless storm ragod over hill and meadow, then it was—then, your Honor 1" "Oh 1 bosh 1 Cyrus, you were drunk yesterday." " We were poor, but we were happy," said the prisoner, as he gazed into vacancy. " When night came we gathered around the family hearthstone and held sweet converse. There was my sweet sister Alice, who was particularly fond of sliced raw ham. Where is Alice now ?" "You will be in the work-bouse in about forty minutes," said the Court. " Officer, was ho very drunk ?" " Stupid, your Honor." " Make any trouble ?" _" Well, after we got him in here he revived enough to ask for quail on toast, and to disturb the whole house because he couldn't get it." " Cyrus, you are elevated for 30 days." " And when the summer came," mused Cyrus, " when the cowslips slipped around among the cows—when the velvet lawns were cut on the bias, and the ploughboy took his plough under his arm, and—" " Take him away, Bijah !" " But death finally came to separate us. Aye I I well remember that gloomy—" But Bijah had him in tow, and the audience lost the rest of it. There was an old woman named Flinn. And her daily decoction was gin ; And it made her tongue fly, Till each one who passed by. Was amazed at the terrible din. " Mrs Flinn, when were you here last ?" "Go'way, yer Honor, and don't be teasing an old woman like me." " Mrs Flinn, weren't you here about six weeks ago, and on this same charge of drunkenness ?" "And suppose I was ? Can't a poor old woman come down here once in a while without yer making such an ado about it?" " You are a hard case, I am sorry to say. Every resident within a block of you complains of the disturbances you make." " That's just like 'em. There's folks in this world who can't bear to see any one else take a bit of comfort. If they complain of me let 'em complain, and much good will it do *em." " Mrs Flinn, when you wire here before I suspended sentence, but warned you what would happen if you came again." " I didn't hear a word of it, sir. You muBt have talked in a whisper." Well, see that you thoroughly understand me now. Up you go for sixty days." " Never I I'll scratch Bijah's eyes out if be comes near me 1" " Remove the prisoner." As Bijah approached her she made a rush at him with claws distended, but he took her under his arm and carried her off in spite of her kicks. THE NORTH-WEST.—Advices from the north-west by the last mail stato that the country is looking well, and that the season is remarkable for the extraordinary growth of the herb known as " Parakylia," which contains so much moisture as well as nourishment, as to provide all sorts of stock with both feed and water. 