— ? ♦? ? TIE AND TRICK. By HAWLEY SMART, Author of 'Breezie Langton,' ** Broken Bonds,' 'Social Sinners,' 'The- Great Tontine,' 'At Fault,' &c.;, &c;, &c; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.} Chapter XLTX. — How sound abb thetb Slumbers. Forty-eight hours after Hammerton's inter view with the count he received a visit from. . Chisel. The valet had occasionally called before to know if there was any news of his master, and upon this occasion he sent up not only his name but a note to say that his busi ness was urgent. Hammerton ordered Him to be shown up, and Chisel said at once — 'I am afraid, Captain Hammerton, there is mischief brewing. You know, sir, before you arrived in Naples I had been urging the ' police to search for my master, but after you told me tbat I was endangering his life by so doing I never went near them. Well, sir, there was one of the subordinates there who spoke a few words of English who used to be very civil to me, and he promised to let me know wueu uiey ueaiu ul zuiyuung. .rae caone O.OWQ this morning to see me, and told me I should soon see my master now, as the police had sent a great expedition, headed by about - the cleverest _ man amongst them, to capture Patroceni and all his band, and when I-hinted ' that Count Patroceni, by all accounts, was a hardish nut to crack, he told me their men were in such force as to make any resistance on the part of the brigands hopeless.' 'The fools! tile madmen!' exclaimed Ham merton, 'the brigands are much too alert, and know the country much too well to be surprised by the gendarmerie. The sole result of their interference -will be themurder of -the prisoners. There is only one thing for it, I most get a hack and make my way thither as quickly as ~ possible,' and Hammerton at once rang the bell and gave the necessary order to the atten dant. ' Pleasant this,' he thought. ' If I do not get there before the police I shall naturally be regarded both by Patroceni and his prisoners as their betrayer. I played Wheldrake a pretty scurvy trick that night at Wrottsley, but then he stood between me and thirty thousand pounds. Since then he has risked his life for mine, and I can't let Mm nor the others die with the belief that their blood is on my head. No, if horseflesh and my legs can do it I must be on that plateau before the police.' In vain did Chisel beg for leave to accompany him. Hammerton curtly refused that request. 'No,' he said; 'one man 'will attract less attention. I will go alone ; but remember if I should not return you will bear witness that I never went near the police, but did my very best to prevent the catastrophe of their coming:.' Another minute and Hammerton was in the saddle, and speeding as fast as his horse could carry him upon the road to Pompeii. As he passed through it he noticed that there were no gendarmes about, and he - had heard - - at Naples for some - days past there had - been a strong post of them there forthepur pose of patrolling ttie road to Amalfi. Yes, rhe had no doubt that Chisel's information was ?' true, and that all these men were now moving up to surprise Patroceni's camp. He continued. - to push on as quickly as possible, showing very little mercy to the horse' he was riding. He had diverged now from the high road, and was making his way across the bills towards the dark woods he could see in the distance. At last he reached the shepherd's hut where ? Wheldrake had slept with his captors on bis way to the camp. There he was confronted by Giovanni. The bandit had paused there for a shoit rest, and was engaged in conversation, with with two or three, comrades who were there, as a sort of outlying picket. They were ? listening intently to the news that Giovanni brought. No sooner did the bandit catch sight of Hammerton than he arose and advanced towards him in a threatening manner. But the captain throwing up his T»»irig in sign of amity, and being moreover quite unarmed, the ruffian withdrew his hand from his poig nard. In his broken Italian Hammerton succeeded ni making Giovanni understand that he had urgent business with the count, and then again one of the soi-disant shepherds recognised the captain as - having lately been one of his excellency's visitors. . So taking into consideration that he was un armed and alone, Giovanni thought thera would be no harm in acceding to Hammerton's . request that he should accompany him to the camp. The bandit was soon ready to start - again, and they pushed forward on what was the more intricate part of their journey. It soon became evident that the Englishman was far the fresher of the two men. ; In the first place he had led a far healthier life of late than Giovanni, and in the second place the bandit was weighted besides with the effects of the serious illness that had followed as the . result of Patroceni's rough treatment. Then again Hammerton had come all the first part of his journey on horseback, not having aban doned his cruelly gruelled hack till reaching that hut. Those elaborate luncheons at the. Golden Bush began to tell their tale on the hillside, and the brawny bandit drew his breath with many a sob. Hammerton cast impatient glances at his companion, and urged upon him the necessity of greater speed. ' It is of no use,' gasped the bandit. I can ? go no quicker. I am pretty near finished as it is.' ._...' 'But the case is urgent,' rejoined Ham merton. ' The police are on our heels, and the count and your comrades must have warning.' ' Push on by yourself, then,' cried the pant ing Giovanni. ' I tell you again I can go no quicker and am nearly worn out. Surely . the road is clear enough to you now.' 'Point it out,' answered Hammerton briefly. '\ou see that stunted tree to the right,' rejoined Giovanni, stopping and throwing himself on the ground, 'keep* just inside that. You can see the edge of the woods already. When you are past the tree keep as straight for them as you can, bearing if anything a trifle to the right. When you near them look for a big boulder. There. are several smaller scattered about, all of the same size ; but you must look for one double the size of its fellows. Just be hind that you will find a narrow path through the woods. You can hardly mistake your way, and when you come to the spring turn to your left, and in a couple of hundred yards or so you will hit the brook, follow that upwards and it will lead you into the camp.' All this took some little time to explain, and when Hammerton was about to start 'again Giovanni sprang to his feet and protested that he would go with him, but it was an expiring effort'. Before he had proceeded a quarter of a mile his endeavors to keep pace with _his com panion ihad completely exhausted him. He once more threw nimself on the 'ground and . cried, 'Goon; never mind me. One caution only— answer pretty quickly when challenged, for our people are apt to be pretty handy with their guns to night visitors.' Hammerton pushed steadily forward until he came to the boulders. It took him some few minutes to find the king stone. That found he speedily discovered the path Giovanni had described, and pursued it at the best pace till he came to the spring. By this time it had grown so dark that he was afraid to leave it, and sat himself down by its side till the moon should have risen a little higher in the heavens. According to his directions he should now leave the path and penetrate through some two hundred yards of wood until he hit the stream. But without a little more light it was very easy to get turned round and lose all knowledge of the -compass in that short distance, so he wisely deteimined to remain where he was. Fatigued with his exertion he stretched him- . self by the spring, and in a few minutes fell asleep. About the time that Wheldrake and Gl&nfield; were bidding a last good-bye to. the women they loved on the plateau, and walking . back to .their tent made their grim, final pre- '. parations incumbent as a rule on men doomed: to die at daybreak, Hammerton stretched him self and awoke. The moon shone gorgeously by this, and he had now. little difficulty in Btrijung the brook.. . In accordance with his directions he followed it upwards, but~had;n.d*bi' g-ottetfrenty paces before ^ became aware of a Vtsai leaning bis back against a .tree fund »p 'taaienjly boned in ptoJtrand slumber. His gun lay oq. vie ground oy his side, and bis arms hnngloose cud nerveless across his body. He advanced cautiously towards him, but tine man showed no signs of awaking, ana speedily he Ramped to toe conclasioa that this was one of tfe cordon of sentries whom slumber bad xmataken. What should he do? To pass *^'» inight be dangerous. To awake him -were more so. There is a proverb about ' letting sleeping dogs lie,' but Hammerton thought his presence within the sentries, unless duly announced, might be more perilous. He decided to awake bun. Getting between the man and bis gun, fee put his band quietly on iis shoulder. He slept on unconsciously. He -shookinm, but stall, so sound was bis slumber, ?without effect. Suddenly a thought -flashed across him. Could be be dead? He tore open bis jacket, placed his band to his heart and his car to Ins month. TSo, the heart beat steadily, if feebly, and the breath came regular, if low. It was like the discovery of one of the seven sleepers. Slowly following the stream, in about smother hundred yards Hammerton came to smother brigand in like case with his comrade. He shook bim similarly, but with no effect. WhatcotiHit-ailiaean? A little further, and he came to the stones that croBsed the brooklet. He passed to theTOthenade, and found himself -in the midst of a group of a dozen or fourteen bandits buried in slumber so profound that not one of -them moved a finger at Ms presence amongst -them. He made bis way quietly to -the plateau, and pausing for a moment under the shadow of the wood con sidered -what he had better do. He knew these men were fond of wine, bnt it was impossible they could all be so utterly overcome as this by_ any ordinary drinking bout. The bes* thing he could do, he thought, 'was to go boldly across the plateau straight to Patroceni's tent. He moved. Just as he was about to step forward a footstep on the turf at bis side made him start, and before he could well dis tinguish the new comer a strong hand gripped him by the throat and he felt the cold barrel of a pistol pressed against his temples. Chapter L. — Death op Giovanni. *' You had better go quietly, signor, for I am in little mood to be trifled with. Make the slightest resistance and you will die.' 'I have no intention of making any re sistance,' replied Hammerton, quietly com prehending Sarini's speech, more by his action than his words. ' You will come then to his excellency;' and Sarini, assured that his prisoner meant no resistance, released his grip, with the comfort ing assurance that he would shoot him at the slightest sign of any endeavor to escape. They traversed the plateau rapidly, and in a few moments stopped at the door of Patroceni's tent. Still keeping a vigilant eye on his pri soner, Saritii sharply called— 'Your excellency! Your excellency 1' The count was a light sleeper, and in a moment he appeared at the door, already dressed. ''What is itf he demanded. ' We knew that we were betrayed, but the enemies axe rather closer to us than we thought. Our fellows axe all drunk. I have just been round the wwnp for the second tame to-night, and there is no rousing flm™, X can't under stand it. They were drinkingwhen I went my rounds the first time, and 1 cautioned them that there were hawks abroad, and they were to . have a care not to drink too deeply. Two or tbree of them might have forgotten the caution, but I cannot understand their all in such a state of utter insensibility.' 'Captain Hammerton,' said the count sharply, 'you've been rash to venture once more into the tiger's den. We agreed once before that you would not stick at trifles to lay you hand upon thirty thousand pounds. It is a bold game, but its like to be a fatal one to you. Well thought out, well thought out. Win your cousin's band or not, Sir Jasper -was bound to something pretty liberal for the man who dated so much to save him thirty thousand pounds.' ' You mistake me altogether, count. I have disked my life, I know. Bisked it not to keep faith with you, but for the sake of those whose lives you hold in your hand.' 'Thanks for your information,' sneered the ceunt. 'I discovered that for myselt when I had the pleasure of seeing you in Naples. .Even conversed with the police spy, who is fool enough to think that he has circumvented Patrocem. Come to warn me, forsooth. You have come with the police at your heels. Hold, Sarini. I will so round for myself. You will take care of our enterprising friend here. If be moves a finger you will know what to do,' and the Count rapidly crossed the plateau. He came first to the sleeping group, opposite the stepping-stones of the brook. He looked around at the scene of the revel— half empty vine flasks, tin pannikins in which the liquor still stood. Patroceni shook two of the sleepers. 'As I thought,' he muttered. Then stooping down lie raised one of the naif-filled pannikins to his lips and tasted it. . Again he rinsed his mouth mtli the contents, then spat it cautiously oat on the grass. ' Drvgge&l; And pretty stiffly to. A clever, plant. That agent of police who planned this coup is rather .cleverer than I gave, him credit for. How did he get bis wine into the eampf ' And pondering over that problem the count crossed the stream, and proceeded farther down the opposite bank._ He came one after the other to the sentries that' Hammerton had passed, and striking across to the spring fol lowed the track towards the boulders some little distance. He listened attentively for quite ten minutes, but no sound reached his ear save the faint rustling of the trees. Then Patroceni turned back, and rapidly went round amongst his men. He found them all more or less senseless. Some of them indeed when shaken awoke for two or three minutes, and made some attempt to rise. But the fatal lethargy soon overtook them again, and they sunk back to resume their disturbed slumbers. Some there were who were no more to be roused from their insensibility than so many corpses. A frightful imprecation escaped Patroceni's lips as he recognised the crafty treachery that . had been practised on him, and he made his way back to his tent in a frame of mind that boded email mercy for jus prisoners. He entered the tent 'where Sarini, pistol in band, was keeping grim watch upon his captive. 'Itisasyousaid,'heesclaimed, 'treachery, foul and ingenious, has been practised on us. Captain Hammerton, if you would make your peace with the church you had best do it to night. - You will die with your comrades at daybreak.-' 'I have been fool enough,' rejoined Ham merton, 'to do my best to warn you of the approach of the police. I suppose I shall pay the penalty for having tried to behave honestly to you for once. There is one thing, count make no mistake about it. Whatever blood you shed here is likely to be speedily avenged. 1 know the state of your followers, and once . more warn you, as I did before, that the police will be upon you before many hours have passed. Fly! leave us, and trust to me that the money shall be pud wherever you choose to name.' *' Trust to you,' interposed Patroceni, scorn fully. _ ' It would argue much want of intelli gence if I did. No. Your ulanwas ingenious, but Sarini and myself are old conspirators. I do not intend you should live to enjoy the profits of your treachery. There will be little fear,' he continued with a sneer, 'of your imitating Iscariot now. The mAm^r of his bistory is just the part you would omit.' And as he finished the count made a sign, to his lieutenant, who promptly pinioned Hammer ton's arms from behind. ' Don't struggle,' said Patroceni, 'we are two armed and determined men, and of course can kill you now if we wish to. It is better to wait a few hours and see whether luck may not turn in. your favor. In the meantime, when the prisoners outnumber the garrison it is only common prudence to bind them.' And in another minute or two Hammerton found his arms pinioned behind his back. That done the count pointed to his bed and bade him take the zest he must require. Tired and worn out as be was; in spite of the discomforture of his bonds, Hammerton was soon asleep. Giovanni in themeanwhile, after a short nap, in some-' measure recovered from bis fatigue, pushed 'rapidly, forward, passed the boulders, followed the'Ttrjicfc up to the fountain, struck off througii tie wood, and as Hammerton had -Jone some two hours before him came to the first sentry by, *he brook. lake Hammerton, hewasasfqimdtft'at the stupor in which he found him,, Sa3 bis amazements was still further increased by discovering the- next in pretty muclf the eame state. But when he had crossed the bi&iik;' his astonishment knew no bounds. He gazed critically at the relics of the.' revd,aada~fearcsuneoverfaiinasthe insensible; forms of his comrades met his eye. Giovanni could certainly claim to. be a judge of drunken ness in all its- phases, but as he shook first one and then another of his fellows, and failed to rouse them from their heavy trance, a feeling of terror came over him, 'This is not drunken ness,' he muttered,, turning white almost to bis lips, and kneeing down by the prostrate form of his old friend Pietro. ' Santa Diavolo ! they are poisoned.* Once more he looked around, and a wine flask at Pietro'e side met «is«ye. He raised it, and under any other «rcnmstance8 would have probably swallowed the remainder of its contents; as it was be gazed at ft curiously, and promptly recognised ttiatitwas one of Oat pattern of which the Signor Stein had been so lavish. He under stood it now. Retro had invited bis comrades . to havea bout over the last basket that he, Giovanni, had forwarded. Merciful heavens ! that wine must nave been poisoned. That vil lainous old man bad dealt with his brethren as if they were rats. He sank on his knees in the extremity of his terror. 'This man whose life had been stained with crime, who .had only recently committed a double murder, now cowered in unutterable horror at the thought of having been, though unwittingly, the destroyer ef all his com jMnionsi ' .: - ?' * i'Th^'weregowitomej eome of them,' he mnttered. 'If it had Bofc been for Pietro and two or three more J should not be alive to poison men like ra^g, I have slain more than one in my tune, bui; it was by bullet or steel. I never sent one V- his grave in such cowardly fashion as this^ Holy Virgin, the place will haunt me. X. shall see it in .my dreams, and their ghosts, will point and gibber at me from the brook&t;«le here. 3* who have broke bread and drank with them, to poison their wine cup,;' and the terrified man literally grovelled on the ground at the idea of the death plague lie had scattered round him. 'Are they all dead?' he murmured. 'Surely his excellency did not touch it. And 'Signor Sarini? He must be alive. What am I to do ? I dare not go forward , the way seems- strewn with corpses, as if Matteo and that miserable woman were not enough to see in the night time. He died hard, did Matteo; but it served him right. Bo fault of his he did not cause my death. I did his, and, coward as he was, how he fought ! But I was mad with drink that night and my eyes red with blood. I'd have killed him had he been twice as strong; and that fool of a woman, what impelled ner to come upon the tiger just as. he had struck down his quarry ? 'Well, «hedied too!' He uttered the last words half unconsciously aloud. A mocking voice promptly answered .him. /' \- 'Don't fret yourself on that point, Gio vanni. You are about to follow them.' And himself on his knees, the bandit saw his chief .standing a few paces from him with his pistol levelled at his head. ' This, you scoundrel, Is£ I presume, your work. I saw you myself at Naples in close conversation with the police It is through your means they have introduced this half -poisoned stuff into the camp, whereby you consign the whole of your comrades to the grave or the galleys. It was foolish of me to give you such a slight chance for your life as I gave you last time. I might have known if you lived I should repent it. Don't think I am going to make that Tnisfr.fl.Trn again.' 'You saw me in Naples, excellency V stam mered Giovanni. 'Yes. You've not forgotten the Golden Bush, I should think. Perhaps you remember the dumb pedlar who sat at the nest table to you at luncheon ? I was that pedlar, and the man you were lunching with was a police agent. Quick ! your time is short. Was it not you sent this wine?' ' Yes, your excellency, but I knew not that it was anything but good wine.' Giovanni was much less terrified at the wrath of his chief than at the phantoms his imagina tion had conjured up just before. ' And that pleasant old gentleman with the spectacles gave it you to send, I suppose V ' Si, excellenza,' replied GiovanL 'Then go as herald to those whom your drunken stupidity has doomed to destruction ;' and as he finished the count's revolver cracked, sharp and shrill ; and Giovanni had preceded his comrades across the Styx. ' There will be no resurrection this time.' The count's bullet had sped straight and true, and Giovanni fell back, shot through the heart. Chattee LI. — Leboux Abetves at the Plateau. \- As Giovanni rolled over, a veritable corpse among so many apparent ones, Leroux with bis men had reached the edge of the woods. There he halted his mam body while with his scouts be sought for the path, of whose esds \- tence he was now aware. From, one or two frightened peasants whom he had made pri soners on the way he had extracted a very fair idea of the way to Patroceni's retreat. He had made no mistake so far, but it was just this last bit through the woods that was difficult to follow without a guide. There was . a delay of some time before the scouts discovered it, and the moonlight was waning when he finally plunged amid the trees. The most dangerous part of his enterprise had now commenced ; the narrow path only permitted of their proceeding two abreast. The dark hour before the morn was approach ing, and they were liable to be attacked by in visible foes at almost any moment. Lei- crux fancied he bad heard a shot when they first came up to the woods, but it was so faint and far away that he could not be sure. The report of a revolver does not echo very far. Slowly and cautiously they made their way along — finger on trigger, and with eyes peering into the darkness. Leroux led the way in person. The wine might or might not havedone its work. Such a wary old fox as Patroceni might have discovered this hamper coming into his camp, and would be certain to examine it. At last they arrived at the fountain. There the path apparently ended, as the police agent had been correctly informed it would. Leroux knew now that be was very near the brigands' camp, and that the greatest caution and com plete silence were absolutely necessary. It had now become so very dark that Leroux deter mined to wait for daybreak. He was quite tactician enough to know that he could not utilise his superiority in numbers, except in the open. A very inferior force, knowing the ground and attacking him here amongst the trees, would be quite on an equality with him. He calculated that the first streaks of grey appear in the sky in half an hour. As soon as it was fairly light — that is, in about an hour, he would feel his way to the brook, collect his men on the edge of it, and then make, a bold rush at the plateau. If the drugged wine had been partaken ot the work would be easy, but. it was hardly likely that so noted a bandit as Patroceni would be taken without some blood shed. It could hardly be hoped that he, as well as all his men, would have fallen into the insidious trap that had been laid for them. Having enjoined the strictest silence on all his followers, Leroux sat quietly down by the fountain to wait for the light. Leaving the police agent and his men bivouacing by the fountain, we must now look back upon what is happening in the camp. After the death of Giovanni the count and Sarini walked quietly ba3k to the former's tent. ' We must leave this at daybreak,' he said ; ' it's the cleverest snare that ever was set for me. I shall make an example before I go. The police must be made to understand that . brigandage is a profession not to be rashly ' meddled with. There are too many political exiles dependent upon it for a living.' ' Are all the men to die, excellency?' *' No ; I think not. We will give Sir Jasper and his old fool of a butler their lives. They will be some consolation to the women until the ponce come up. They will be here most likely as the day wears on. Of the two men who have betrayed us one has died, and the other expiates his treachery at sunrise. The Signors Glanfield and Wheldrake I regret it, but they must suffer as examples in accordance with the law of the mountains. But, Sarini, we must hot forget that there are only our two selves now to ad minister justice. Don't think me & stickler for. etiquette, my old comrade, but you know in the ordinary way we should have paraded the three culprits in a row, bandaged their eyes, unless they professed to be able to look into the levelled carbines without blench ing, and shot them in orthodox fashion. As it is we must first of all dispose of Hammerton, and we must deal with the other two in less military fashion ; even when unarmed I have seen men think it worth while to make a throw for their lives, and that there only two of us might encourage these perverse Englishmen to attempt such folly.' 'It will make very little difference, excel lency. It may give a little more trouble, and if you and 1 can't deal as we list with a couple of unarmed men, then the training of years goes for nought. Our nerves are little likely to fail us at the sight of some slight difficulty.' ' True ; and now off with you ! We've time to spare yet, and I've some few preparations to make here before we start.' Could Patroceni have heard the conversation carried on in an undertone in the adjoining tent he might have been confirmed in his opinion, that these per verse Englishmen were likely to give trouble. Glanfield had been roused from a fitful slumber by the report of Patroceni's pistoL He at once shook his companion. 'Did you hear that?' he said. 'It 'was a shot close to the camp. Of course, it may mean anything. It may mean that one of our drunken captors has discharged his gun by accident ; it may mean that one of their sentries has mistaken a bush for a police officer ; it might be that most dangerous of all things— soldiers advancing to release us. It is not likely ; but there may be a turn-up in our favor before to-morrow. We are not struck out of all engagements yet.' 'No quite yet, Jim,' replied Wheldrate, with a faint smile. 'Such a very few weeks back and I would have cared so little, if it were so, but, it seems hard now. Life looks so ' rosy before one. lam assured of Maude's love. I have only, on my return to -England, to find Hammerton'e confederate to clear my good name. That should be easy. Yes, life is \- sweet to me 1 It is bitter to die now.' Glanfield put his glass in his eye and leisurely surveyed bis companion for a \- moment. ' Shake hands, old fellow,' he said. ' Those are about my feelings, only I should have ex pressed it as a deuce of a sell. I'll tell you what, Cyril, I don't see why we shouldn't strike a blow for our lives if we see a chance.' 'We are more morally fettered, Jim, than if we were bound hand and foot. The slightest attempt of that kind might cost the lives of those very dear to us. A more ruthless tiger than Patroceni, in spite of all his Durring, never existed. Let his prey escape him, and he will rend all within his reach. No, it's hard, but we must die quietly.' ' Don't be afraid but what 111 die quietly enough if it comes to that,' replied Glanfield doggedly, ' but if I see a twenty to one chance for our lives I mean to take it. Even Patroceni would never be tiger enough to harm our sweethearts, and don't yon think they would bid us strike a blow to save ourselves if we got a fair chance ?' 'You have no business to endanger their safety,' replied Wheldrake sternly, *' There is no use quarrelling over it,' replied Glanfield. 'Ism not going to do anything raefa, and it is long odds against my getting a cbance.t© do anything at all. But remember, f I do holloa to you you can stand out of it or not as you like, but you will see a fight.' Wheldrake made no reply, but threw himself moodily on the bed. ' ' The faintest streak of dawn could be first seen in the sky from the plateau, invisible to Leroux and his men amongst the woods. But ' the police agent had become restless, and whispered to the captain of the gendarmerie acting under his orders to remain where he was whilst he crept a little way forward to ex plore. He took two or three of his own men with him, and then carefully taking his bear ings started in the direction of the brook. At an interval of about fifty paces he dropped a man to ensure his being able to find his way back, with instructions to reply immediately to a low whistle. He was surprisingly fortu nate, for by the time he had dropped his last man he had hit off the brook. Cautiously he crept along its bank until he came to that first insensible sentry. Leroux's pulses tingled. The man seemed sound asleep — how sound ? Could this be the first of his victims? Drawing a poignard \- from his breast he advanced stealthily to the sleeper's side. He slept soundly, but he must; know how soundly. Gripping his dagger close he placed his hand upon his shoulder. It was well for that sleeper he had drunk deeply of the cup. Had he suddenly displayed active animation Leroux's poignard would have been buried in his breast. But no; he was senseless as the tree against which he leaned. Leroux shook him roughly, and still he ?moved not. Then the police agent uttered a low laugh and, turning on his heel, wended his way quietly back to his men. Leaving the scouts ne had placed where they were, no sooner did Leroux reach the fountain than, placing himself at the head of his party he gave the word to move on, and rapidly led them to the banks of the stream, cautiously preceding them a few yards. Quietly they crept along the bank, the police agent as he passed the insensible sentry signing to his men to bind him. When they came to the second Leroux's heart beat high. No doubt now that his stratagem had succeeded. Quietly he made his way till he came to the stepping stones, then he crossed. It was daybreak on the plateau, and as be cleared the brook, which ran along the extreme edge of the wood, he came across the scene of that fatal revel — fatal in appearance as that of the famous banquet of the veiled prophet of Khorassan. Leroux held up his hand as a signal for those behind him to halt, and then stepped forward to investigate affairs. From where the brigands had held what was destined to be the final drinking bout for most of them the ground ran with a gentle slope up to the edge of the plateau, so that a man could move about without seeing anything that was going on just above him, nor be seen from the little bit of table land, unless by some one on its edge. The wily police agent took in the whole scene at a glance. The half finished wine flasks, the half-emptied panni kins, the drunken revellers strewn around looking as if dead. 'AU this,' muttered Leroux to himself, 'the simple result of a well- administered opiate. Ah,' he said, with a low laugh, 'quite a new departure in the profession — the calling in of medical science to aid in the apprehension of criminals.' But suddenly Giovanni'* form caught his eye. ' That one is not drugged,' he muttered, ' he's dead in good earnest.' In a moment he was by his side, and turned up his face, ' lion Dieu !' he murmured, as the first fresh rays of the sun fell on the upturned features of the dead bandit. 'My valued friend with the irrepressible thirst I' Quick as a thought he drew back the dead man's eyelid ; but the fierce light of the savage orbs was quenched. A slight welling of blood from Giovanni's chest showed how he nad come by bis end. ' Shot for his treachery, no doubt,' mused Leroux, as he stepped quietly back to his party. TTJR orders were now prompt and decisive. Rapidly and noiselessly they crossed the stream and spread themselves out under the crest of the slope, with strict orders to advance with a rush the minute Leroux gave the signal, then the police agent crept cautiously forward, raised his head above the crest, and saw a sight that for the moment enchained him. Standing bareheaded, with his arms pinioned behind his back, was Hammerton, and Leroux's astonishment at seeing here a man whom he believed to be in Naples was unbounded. Six paces in front of Hammerton, pistol in hand, stood the peasant whom he had taken out boat ing, while a second peasant was anxiously listening to what the first was saying. Chaptee LII.— The Last Thick is Tcexed. For an instant the police agent was puzzled what to do. He was nearly a hundred yards away from the impending tragedy. To charge now would be to precipitate it, and yet there could be no doubt as to what Hammerton's doom would be unless intervention arrived speedily from some quarter. He was about to spring to his feet and call upon his men to follow Mm when his attention was arrested by seeing a man look cautiously from out of one of the two tents which lay on the further side of the three men. The new comer on the scene evidently grasped the situation at a glance. He bounded out of the tent, and with a shout which fell dear enough upon Leroux's ears of ' Come on, Cyril, I am not going to stand- by and see cold-blooded murder done,' dashed across towards the group. He was much nearer to Patroceni and his victim than Leroux, and in his cricketing days there had been very few quicker men between wickets than Jim Glan field. Patroceni knew at the first shout that the 'perverse Englishmen' were refusing to meet their sentence quietly, but he never turned his head, and raising his pistol Bteadily shot Hammerton through the heart. Sarini on his part turned promptly at the sound of Glanfield's voice, and upon seeing that his foe was close upon him, with the light of battle in his eyes, fired quickly — perhaps a little too quickly, for it is certain that he missed his man, and as he raised his pistol to fire a second shot he was confused by seeing Wheldrake close upon his friend's heels. He hesitated for a second; fatal hesitation, for as his finger pressed the trigger Glanfield struck up his arm and threw himself upon him. As for Patroceni, having disposed of Hammerton, he wheeled quickly round, impassable as ever. His pistol again rang sharp and true. A stumble, a flounder or two to recover himself, and then Wheldrake fell forward on his face. A grim smile of triumph lit up the count's features, destined to be shortlived, for as he hurried forward to Sarini 's assistance, now. engaged in a grapple of life and death with Glanfield, Leroux's voice rang through the air, calling upon his men to follow him, and that they did so closely probably saved the police agent's life. 'He has his poignard, and can take care of the Englishman By himself,' muttered the count, as he turned to confront this new danger. At a glance he saw that the police were upon him. About a dozen, armed men were running towards him in a cluster as fast as they could. Patroceni's eyes sparkled. For one second he stood irresolute, and the next instant his pistol was again discharged, and one of his assailants bit the grass. But which was their leader? That, un luckily, was the thing Patroceni could, not determine. Three times more did his revolver crack, and twice with fatal results. The ardor of the attacking party perceptibly cooled. With one exception they all halted ; \- but Leroux came on with all the determination of a cheetah. ' Oh ! for one more barrel,' exclaimed the count, as he dashed his now useless pistol at the police agent's head, and, drawing his poig nard, prepared himself for the struggle. ' I'll send one more fool to the other world anyhow before I'm their prisoner.' In another moment Leroux had sprung at his throat like a wild cat. They were well matched, and Leroux had not been some f ewyears in the Neopolitan police without having taught himself the scientific use of the dagger. He dexterously caught his com panion's wrist as he dashed in, only to find his own similiarly pinioned before he could strike. Then it became aquestion of strength and ea durance as to which should first free his dagger hand. TTJK comrades now took heart of grace, and hurried to his assistance, bat ere they could interfere the younger man had proved the stronger. Leroux wrenched his hand free, and buried bis dagger in Patroceni's side. 'Habet,' murmured the bandit, as he sank to the ground with a cynical smile on his lips. Leroux stood for a moment breathless and triumphant but bleeding, for firmly as he had straggled to hold Patroceni's wrist, he had not escaped some flesh wounds. ? 'Quick,' he cried, looking down upon the prostrate foe, 'carry him to the nearest tent and run down to the brook for the doctor one of you. It was a near thing for you, signor,' hecontinued, turning to Glanfield. ' I arrived too late, I fear, to save your comrades,' and as he spoke he walked towards Hammerton. Mechanically Glanfield followed him. It needed no expert to see that Hammerton's course was run ; he would never ' stock cards' again. But there were others to look to besides 1 be dead man. No less than three of Leroux's immediate followers were stretched upon the grass, and one of these would never carry car bine more. By this time the doctor had come to Wheldrake, whom GUnfield had already picked up, and was holding in his arms. Cyril lay with his head upon his friend's shoulder, quite insensible. The doctor drew back the fids and peered his eyes, then rapidly tore open his shooting jacket and waistcoat. A small wound from which the blood was slowly welling, was distinctly visible. The doctor placed bis hand on his pulse, and then said — ' I cant say for certain till we probe the wound, but I should fancy no vital organ is touched, and that this is by no means a hope less case. Force some spirits between his teeth if you .have any here, and he will soon come to himself, at all events. Carry him into \- the tent at once. And now let us have a look at this one,' continued the doctor, as he turned to where Sarini lay, tightly bound handjand foot. ? ?. . ' Ij don't ibink you need trouble mueh about him,? replied Jim. 'there's nothing the matter realty, and hell be quite himself in a quarter of an hour. The beggar tried to shoot : ' me first and knife me afterwards; but when it 1 came to close quarters I proved the stronger, andwas able to reciprocate his polite attention by nearly choking the life out of him.' Leroux had to translate this for the benefit of the Italian medico, and he had also had to translate that worthy's favorable verdict re garding Wheldrake. At this juncture Sir Jasper arrived on the scene. He, like the ladies, had been aroused by the report of firearms. It must not be sup posed that the baronet lost much time in arriving at the spot. He was sound asleep and in bed when the crack of Patroceni's revolver announced the commencement of the action, and it must be borne in mind that the whole affair was a matter of a very few minutes. He bad left Maude and Mrs. Fullerton in tears of the direst dismay, fully convinced that the butchery of their respective lovers was in progress. Nothing but the most peremptory orders on the part of Sir Jasper had prevented their rushing out on to the plateau to see what was taking place. But the baronet was very resolute on this point, and they feared to disobey. By the time Sir Jasper had tumbled into his clothes, partially pacified his sister and daughter, and stepped on to the plateau, the skirmish was over. That there had been sharp fighting he Baw at a glance, and made hia way rapidly towards where the little group were gathered around Sarini. ' Does anybody^ know who this fellow is ?' enquired the police agent. ''He should be a man of mark amongst them. Dressed like a peasant though he is, it is easy to see he is not of their class. B sides, there is one distinct peculiarity about him.' 'And what is that, Signor Leroux?' en quired the doctor, inquisitively. 'Like his chief, you see,' rejoined the police agent, 'he abstained from the wine. Not that for one moment I suppose he don't drink it ; but the officers never frequent the same taverns as their men.' Sir Jasper had arrived in time to hear this last remark, but it being couched in Italian he was unable to understand it. Taking off his hat to Leroux, he said — ' I suppose, sir, the camp is in the hands of the police, and that I have the honor of speaking to the chief of the Zparfcy who has rescued us?' ' Signor Leroux at your service,' replied the police agent, recognising at a glance that he was speaking to Sir Jasper Eyersley. ' Ye3, the camp, Patroceni, and all his men are in our hands, and you will be at liberty to depart for Naples in two or three hours — in short, just as soon as preparations can be made for that purpose. But it has not been altogether with out some loss of life. Messrs. Hammerton and Wheldrake are, I am afraid, past all our helping.' ' Hammerton ?' exclaimed the baronet. ' Good heavens, how did he come here ?' ' That, Sir Jasper, I have no more idea than you have. About a quarter of an hour ago I thought he was safe in Naples. Now he lies there, and he pointed to the prostrate form over which someone had already reverently thrown a cloak. ' The game is up, I suppose,' said Sarini, struggling as well as bis bound hands would permit him into a sitting posture. 'That cursed Englishman. TTi» hands were like a vise. They choked the very life out jof me. Feel for my poignard I could not. I wanted both my hands to toy and release my throat from Ins deadly grip. Tfi« excellency escaped?' ' No ; he is a prisoner, and badly wounded,' replied Leroux. ' Are you the leader of the police ?' enquired the bandit. Leroux nodded his head in the affirmative. 'It is a marvel that you are alive,' said Sarini; 'if it had not been for the coward's trick you played us with the wine you would have found your task none so easy.' And the bandit dropped backwards on the grass and subsided into sullen silence. But the feverish curiosity of the two ladies was no longer to be suppressed. As she made a hasty toilette Mrs. Fullerton announced that she must know what was going on, even if she died for it. 'I declare my hand shakes so, Maude, I cannot fasten my dress. All that firing and shouting must nave meant an attack on the camp, and,' she continued, dropping her voice, ' something dreadful has probably hap pened.' 'You don't think Cyril or Mr. Glanfield have been killed, do you?' said Maude in a hoarse whisper. ' I daren't think,' rejoined her aunt as she clutched her by the wrist. ' Come, we must know,' and as she spoke Mrs. Fullerton opened the hut door. Leroux's quick eye was the first to catch sight of them. . 'I think, signors,' said he hurriedly, 'one of you had better interfere. This is hardly a fit scene for ladies. Besides one of your party is lying dead and another badly wounded, and women are apt to get hysterical and slightly unmanageable at such sights. My own ap pearance, too,' he remarked, glancing down at his blood-stained clothes,' 'is hardly re assuring.' 'He is quite right, Sir Jasper,' said Glan field. ' Come along, we had better speak to them at once. Not a word about Hammerton at present remember. They suppose him safe in Naples, and will therefore feel no anxiety about him. But no sooner did they near the hut than Maude sprang forward. 'Cyril, where is Cyril?' she exclaimed. ' He is killed, I can see it in your faces.' ' No, my dear Maude. I assure you he is not,' replied Sir Jasper. ' Wounded, but ? ' ? ' You are not telling me the truth,' inter rupted Maude. 'He is nothing of the kind,' interposed Glanfield roughly ; ' he is wounded, but not seriously. The doctor says hell come round all right. This will never do,' he continued, as the girl showed symptoms of becoming hysterical. ' We want you, as soon as you have pulled yourself together, to take the nursing in hand between you. Take her into the hut, Clara, and remember, we really want you as soon as you've steadied your nerves a bit.' 'It's quite true what he tells you,' observed the baronet. ' There has been some wild work, but we are free. And Wheldrake, though wonnded, is not dangerously so. You shall know all about it as soon as you nave composed yourselves.' 'It's very odd,' said Glanfield, as he and Sir Jasper walked back towards the tent. ' I can't' make out how Hammerton came. here, and now I think of it, what has become of Jackson !' The police agent here met them. ' I've just been talking to the doctor,' he said. 'He thinks with care there is no reason why Signor Wheldrake should not do welL Bat for Patroceni, my dagger bit too deep. It was a life and death straggle, signors. One cannot be delicate with one's blows upon such an occasion. If I had not killed him he would have killed me.' Suddenly a couple of the gendarmes were seen coming towards them from the edge of the wood, with a prisoner between them. The portly butler look perfectly dazed. TTik rubi cund face had lost its color, and his legs shook under him. ' We found this man,' explained one of the escort, 'hiding in the wood. We presume he belongs to the English milord's party.' 'Well, Jackson,' exclaimed Glanfield, as the butler approached them, 'you seem to have been having a lively night of it. What is the matter with you ?' ' It's no use, Mr. Glanfield, I can't stand it. I'm not steeped in crime yet. I can't look on at murder and keep on anticipating my latter end. I'd sooner it came at once and was all over than go on in this way. I suppose they are going to settle us all now, such a night as I've had ! Do you know, sir' — and he dropped his voice to a mysterious whisper — ' that the wood is full of murdered men ? The count and his lieutenant are insatiable monsters. They must have been murdering the whole blessed Dight.' ' What ! did you see them ?' ' No, Mr. Glanfield, I only saw them commit one— there was only one left alive when I got to the scene of carnage. He was trying to wake the other corpses. When that count and Sarini came upon him he grovelled for his life. Of course, I don't know what he said, but I Eaw the poor creature grovel ; and then that count, he shot him just as you might a rabbit, Mr. Glanfield ; and then I crept away and hid myself in the wood, and there I've been shiver ing and shaking ever since, till theoe two policemen found me and dragged me out, that is, if they are policemen. The count and his bead man were dressed like peasants this morning. I shall die of horror if I am not taken out of this charnel-house ; and as for Count Patroceni, whether he shoots me or not, I don't care.' ' Well, your troubles are at an end, Jack son,' said Sir Jasper. ' The police have had the beEt of it. We are free' men, and shall commence our return journey to Naples this afternoon.' ' And these murderers,' said Jackson, glancing aronnd him with scared looks ; ' are they still at large ? If that count is loose we shall never have a quiet night's rest until we get back England.' ' You may set your mind at ease,' remarked Glanfield. ' Count Patroceni's hours are sped, and as for his band they are to a man in the hands of the police.' ' He didn't leave many to fall into the hands of the police,' rejoined Jackson. ' They're all lying dead by the side of the brook there.' Then the doctor emerged from the tent. ' He is going fast,' he said quietly. ' You struck home, Signor Leroux; an internal hemorrhage has set in. He is very anxious to know how the Signor Wheldrake is, and he is also very desirous of seeing you, signor,' con tinned the doctor, addressing Glanfield, ' Per haps you would not mind coming to him at once, for he is sinking so rapidly that I cannot undertake to say how long he will be conscious or capable of speech.' (Jlanfield followed the doctor into the terit, where the dying man lay stretched on his pallet bed. His naturally sallow complexion Was somewhat blanched, but his dark eyes still gUttered with all the fierce untamable light of yore. 'Ah, Mr. Glanfield,' he said, 'I am glad to have the opportunity of saying good-bye to yon. A fine moral lesson this to a lover of the racecourse like you. Never despair, luck may alway turn at the hist moment. I bear you no malice, though by this time, if the police had not intervened, 1 should have shot you ruth lessly under the necessities of the situation. I havebecomeabrigand by force of circumstances ; and you know that our profession would very speedily become almost useless if we did not impress these two facts upon the public First, that treachery to us means death ; secondly, that if our prisoners fail to redeem their lives we take them. Well, it was a close shave, but the cards ran all your way at the finish, and you have won the trick. I am not one to whimper because I have lost the game, and there is one comfort,' he continued with a cynical smile, ' they will not be able to enforce the penalties for the revoke. My time has come. I am glad to hear that Mr. Wheldrake is likely to do well. I am getting faint. Give me a strong dose of that spirits and water on the table there, it will give me strength for a little longer.' He swallowed two or three mouthfuls from . the cup that Glanfield silently handed him. ' That's better,' he muttered. 'He like you,' he continued, 'is a victim to the exigencies. Tell him the baccarat here is played as we played it at Wrottsley, .Robert Coleman, the footman — Robert Coleman, don't forget the name ; he was Hammerton's con federate. Find him, and he can tell you every thing. And now good-bye,' and the count extended his hand. Glanfield clasped it, and, as he said after wards, 'It was a queer sensation, shaking hands with a man who had deliberately deter mined on your extinction a few hours before.' 'Sarinaisa prisoner, I suppose?' said the count. ' If he is not too badly hurt, let them bring him here. I should like to see him again before I go.' A few minutes more and Sarini, closely guarded, entered the tent. By the police agent's' orders they had, however, removed his bonds, and the bandit was enabled to walk freely up to the bedside of his dying chief. 'Farewell, old comrade. I have got my death- wound at last. It was a strange device by which they trapped us. And if by any chance you escape from their toils once morj give the police agent who planned this ruse a widish berth. I thought to have settled with him myself, but ? ' and he motioned to Sarini to stoop down to hear what he had to say. . Sarini bent his head to listen to the dying man's -last injunctions. 'I have dealt with two of our betrayers — Hammerton and Giovanni,' whispered Patro ceni. 'I leave you to settle with the third should you escape, avenge me on that fox Leroux.' ' If ever I should regain freedom I swear it,' replied Sarini, in a low whisper. Patroceni feebly clasped his old comrade's hand for a few seconds, then murmured ' Good-bye,' and turned away his face. The doctor promptly ordered the tent to be cleared, and when next he went to look at his patient the famous bandit had fallen into that sleep that knows no waking. Chapteb LOT.— Conclusion. Leroux's prognostications about their all leaving the camp in the afternoon were not destined to be realised. To begin with, al though a doctor had accompanied the police force, they had no ambulance on which to move the wounded men, and the doctor was peremptory on the point. He said that Wheldrake and one of the others must be con veyed to Naples with very great care. Any roughing it would inevitably bring on high fever, and in the second place the brigands recovered so slowly from the very strong narcotic that had been administered to them that the marching them into Naples was utterly impracticable. That little knot just opposite the stones, who had drunk the deepest, and with whom the revel had been the most prolonged, were as yet by no manner of means to be roused. The whole band had, of course, been thoroughly disarmed, and were now carefully guarded. Leroux had- himself seen each thoroughly searched, and that all their knives, poignards, or pistols were se cured. The police agent felt there was nothing for it but to send into Naples for ambulances, to order carriages to come from thence and meet them on the Amalfi-road, and simply remain where he was until the next morning. It may easily be supposed that Maude was now all impatience to go to her lover's bedside. She protested that she was quite calm, that her place was there, and that it was cruel not to allow her to see him' Her father and Glan field parried these attacks as* best they might, but Mrs. Fullerton, who had a fellow-feeling for her niece, was not to be so easily repulsed. She got hold of the doctor, set the whole case before him, and at length extracted from him an admission that if the young lady promised to control herself, and that his patient when ha awoke showed no symptoms of aggravated fever, he thought there would be very little harm in her doing so. 'He is at the present time in a calm slumber, due chiefly to a strong composing draught that I have administered to him. But I daresay in some two or three hours that he Will rouse Viimaalf, But Maude, having obtained that much permission, at once took matters into her own hands. She glided quietly into the tent, and seating herself on a box by the bedside sat still and motionless, watching her lover. It was midday before he showed signs of restlessness. He tossed a bit on his couch, murmured indistinctly, and then as he roused himself his lips syllabled the word ' Water.' She had a cooling drink by her side, and in a moment had raised the tumbler to his parched lips. He swallowed a few mouthfuls, and then said — ' Where am I ? What does it all mean ? Maude, my dearest, you here ? Ah, I remem ber now. I ran to Glanfield's assistance, but was shot down. My side is very sore, and I feel terribly weak. But how did you come here?' 'We are never going to part again, Cyril. They have given me leave to nurse you, and I will soon have you well again, darluw, when I once get you down to Naples. We are to stay here for the night, while they get ambulances, carriages, and things to carry you and the others into the city.' 'What others' Tell me what has happened.' ' I will, Cyril, if you promise not to talk. You must know that there are others hurt besides you. The police attacked the camp, and have captured the whole band ; but there was fighting over it, and several of them were badly wounded, Count Patroceni himself, I believe, mortally. The doctor says you are all rieiit, and will come round with careful nursing, .and I will take care, my own, that you don't want for that ; and now, you musn't talk anymore. I have promised not to let you excite yourself. Try and go to sleep again.' 'I'll do my best, Maude, but I can't say I think there is much hope of it. Is Jim Glan field all right ¥' 'Yes, Mr. GlanfieM is quite unhurt. I heard him say that he had pretty nearly choked the life out of somebody, so I am afraid that is more than his assailants can say. And now, not another word.' 'And when did you say we were to leave here?' But Maude shook her head, put her finger on her lips, and resumed her old seat on the box. In the course of the afternoon Sir Jasper went to have one more look at his luckless nephew. The body had been moved from the place where be had been slain, and was now placed in the same tent with his murderer. The two men lay side by side ; all rancour and hatred between these extinguished by the universal destroyer. It might be said that they had mutually cost each other their lives, for had it not been for Patroceni's ill-starred visit to England, and all that came of it, the probabilities are Sir Jasper and his party would never have set foot in Italy. The baronet has drawn back the sheet that covers them, and is gazing mournfully into the two faces, set in all the calm placidity of death. Softened as men's faces are Before decay's effacing fingers Have swept the lines where beauty lingers. Yes ! ' The rapture of repose' was there. TheEe two restless spirits slept as tranquilly as if their lives had been less turbulent. 'They are both gone, Sir- Jasper,' said Glanfield in a low tone. ' It is not a twelve month since they blackened poor Cyril's name at Wrottsley, and' they have both expiated the crime. I'm not much of a moralist, bat it looks as if Providence -checked such sins as theirs off' rather rapidly. Well, the count cleared Cyril's name before he died.' ' Do you mean to say,' said the baronet in a whisper, as he quietly replaced the sheet, ' that Wheldrake can be proved innocent?' 'Yes. It is ho place to speak of it here. I don't want to pass harsh judgment over those gone to their account and yet lying unburied, but I can explain everything that took place that night at Wrottsley, and as soon as we get to England pledge myself to produce their confederate.' ' Only do that, Glanfield, and you will make me the happiest man in England.' Glanfield's sole reply was a hearty hand grip, and then the two men left the tent. As the day wore on the brigands slowly began to recover; they had slept off their opiate and came to themselves in various states of sorrow and sadness. Recovery from a severe opiate is of itself apt to be wofully depressing, but when to that you add the awakening to find yourself in the hands of the police, with a vista of imprisonment, the galleys, or possible execution before you the salt of existence seems indeed to have lost its savour. A more crestfallen crew than these men of the moun tain it was scarcely possible to picture. Their captors treated them with contemptuous good \- nature, but it is to be regretted that 'one denizen of the camp showed undue' exultation at the discomfiture of his foes, 'Old Jackson could not resist walking about amongst them and giving vent to chuckles of satisfaction and sarcastic taunts at their present positions. ' You wine- swilling pigs, this is what comes of not taking your liquor like gentlemen. If s time savages like you were suppressed, savages who don't know what's due to upper servants. The idea of leaving- a man in my position to sleep out on the grass all night as if he were a hare. You will see what nice little lodgings they will find for you when when they get you into Naples' — in short old Jackson's conduct was far from magnanimous when he found himself on the winning side. In the course of the next day Leroux found himself ready to move. Wheldrake had passed a good night, and tile doctor's other cases were progressing favorably. The brigands were handcuffed two and two, Sarini was esoorted by a special guard, and the cortege movedj down the mountain by the nearest cut to the Amalfi-road, where carriages were waiting to convey Sir Jasper and his party back to Naples. Their arrival created no little curiosity in the city. People flocked to get a glimpse of tLe famous bandit, little dreaming that his remains and those of Captain Hammerton were in the covered litter that followed the cortege; indeed as the police with their prisoners passed through the street Sarini was generally mis taken for his dead chief. As soon as they were comfortably installed in their hotel . the death of Hammerton was broken to Mrs. Fallerton and Maude, and the two women were un feignedly shocked at the tidings, for whatever his sin against Maude and Wheldrake, it had been severely expiated ; and how loyally he had performed his task as envoy to arrange for the ransom Leroux was able to testify. The next day they laid him to rest in the cemetery, and even Glanfield, who judged his conduct past all extenuation, muttered a prayer for the dead man's soul, as he stood by his grave. It was a week or two yet before they could set sail for England. Wheldrake's return to convalescence was tedious. Although he pro gcessed on the whole favorably, he was not without what are almost inevitable in a recovery from severe illness — ' his bad days.' The fever consequent upon his wound clung to him, and made Maude at times excessively anxious. As for the luckless bandits, if the authorities had been slow to take measures against them, they lost no time in meting out punishment for their mis deeds. Sarini and two more made a bitter ending of it one morning at day break, while the remainder were trans lated to the galleys for a term of years that left small chance of there ever again re suming their profession. However, Wheldrake was at last pronounced sufficiently well to be moved, and the whole party embarked for England without further delay. On their arrival Glanfield ordered Chisel to lose no time in discovering the whereabouts of Robert Coleman. That he had left Wrottsley they of course knew from Jackson, still Chisel expected to have no difficulty about laying his hand upon him. But in this they were at first doomed to disappointment. Chisel could learn no tidings of him whatever. He had come to London, and apparently dis appeared in the whirlpool of the metropolis. Glanfield to begin with contented himself with putting an advertisement in the papers to the effect that if Robert Coleman would call upon Messrs. Seeling and Whax (his solicitors) he would hear of something to his advantage. But some days passed and this elicited no response. Mr. Coleman, it may be remem bered, was in the strict retirement of one of Her Majesty's gaols, and consequently not likely to see the journals. Glanfield was talk ing this over in the smoking-room of his dab one evening with an intimate friend of both his acd Wheldrake's, and explaining to him why he was so anxious to find this Robert Coleman. 'What, to clear Cyril Wheldrake of a false imputation of card-sharping. By Jove, you know, the man must be found ! Just let me look at the advertisement. In all the dailies you say ?' and as he spoke Glanfield's com- ' pardon rose and fetched a paper from an ad joining table. 'Oh,' he continued, 'here it is; something to his advantage. Apply to Seeling & Whax, Lincoln's Inn Fields. That is not quite the sort of advertisement, my dear Jim, to fetch him. I know the sort of firm. Old family solicitors, very guarded and cautious. No, no ; this wont do. Advertise to- morrow, 'Twenty pounds Teward _to any one who will give information concerning the whereabouts of Robert Coleman. Apply to James Glanfield, Esq., Blenheim Club, Pall Mall.' You'll find that you'll get an answer to that before the week's out.' Glanfield followed his friend's advice, and speedily found his prediction realised. Mr. Samuel Bludd has only flitted across these pages in fngitive fashion— has, indeed, no bearing on this history except for bis fleeting connection with Robert Coleman. It maybe remembered after squeezing that unfortunate till he bad left him as dry as a sucked orange he adopted him as a companion in fraud, that the result was disastrous, and that the penalty was paid, as is too often, the case, by the neophyte, while the hardened criminal went scathless. To a man of Mr. Bludd's pursuits the pernEal of what is termed the 'Agony' Column' in the daily papers was a mere matter of business. He never expected to hear of anything to his advantage, but he had over and over again found advertisements that with a little dexterity on his part he had made torn out highly profitable to himself. No sooner did he catch sight of this notice than Mr. Bludd thought to himself, 'I can furnish them with the necessary information. This don't look like a plant, and to pick up a twenty-pound note is worth running a little risk for. I'll chance it.' Accordingly, Glan field received a line from him the next day to say that the writer, for the consideration advertised, would put him in possession of the information he required, provided no further questions were asked, and would call upon Mm at the Blenheim about six o'clock that afternoon. True to his tryst Mr. Bludd arrived at that hour, and was immediately shown into a small room off the hall devoted by the members to seeing people on business. Glanfield was not the man to make a muddle of an interview of this nature. He reckoned up Mr. Bludd at a glance, and knew exactly the line to take with a man of his calibre. ' Now,Mr. Bludd,'he said, as he entered the room where that gentleman was awaiting him, ' let's understand each other at once ; there's nothing like plain speaking on these occasions. ' No further questions asked' I presume means that you and Robert Coleman have been en gaged in some affair in which publicity is not desirable. I want to know nothing about that. I mean no harm to Robert Coleman; on the contrary there is another twenty pounds for him if he will only answer two or three ques tions I wish to pnt to him. Questions which can by no possibility bring him into any trouble.' A very shrewd man was Mr. Bludd, and he had already divined that Robert Coleman was wanted with reference to the Wrottsley card case. But then the papers had wrong with the Amain tragedy. Mr. Bludd knew perfectly well that Hammerton was dead, and that when bis 'tear friend,' Robert Coleman, was re leased from prison theg-oneof chantagewas over. 'Very well, sir,' he replied. 'I knows a gentleman when I sees him, bless you. Write me a cheque for the twenty pound, and I will give you Robert Coleman's address.' ' You're a little too fast, my friend,' re plied Glanfield curtly, 'I must have a little more guarantee as to the truth of your story.' 'Look here, Misther Glanfield, write me a cheque dated the day after to-morrow. That will give you to-morrow to see if it is right or not. Go to Millbank and ask for Robert Cole man under the name of Charles Harrison. That's right, s'help.me. He's in there doing time.' 'That'll do,' said Jim, and sitting down to the table he wrote a cheque for the amount and handed it over to Mr. Bludd. 'Then,' he said, ' if I find your information all right you'll get your money, if not you'll find that cheque stopped at the bank.' 'That'll do, Mr. Glanfield. That's right, sir. You'll find Robert Coleman to-morrow. Good-night, sir. I only wish there was some body else's address you were wanting at the same price. Dash me,' muttered the Jew, as he walked down the club steps, ' how I should like to sell the whole ' London Directory' on the same terms.' Glanfield went down to Millbank the next day armed with an order to see Robert Cole man, altos Charles Harris an. He found the ex-footman in a very crestfallen condition, and only too glad on hearing of Hammerton's death, and the promise of a twenty-pound note on his discbarge, to confess his share of the Wrotteley business. He was, he said, paid by Hammerton to wait until the card-table broke up, and when the players retired to rest he stole into the drawing-room and abstracted all the superfluous nines. 'On the occasion of Jackson's discovery he had been so tired the previous evening that he had gone to bed, in tending to get up early and rearrange the cards ; but he. had overslept hiniBnlf, and when he rushed downstairs to thedrawing-room Jackson had anticipated both him ' and the other footman, and was already re-sorting the cards.' With Coleman's confession written out and attested, Sir Jasper was only too glad to withdraw the remnants of his opposition to Wheldrake's marriage with his daughter, while when Glanfield fold the whole story of Patroceni's confession, supported- by the written testimony of the ex-footman, clubland gladly welcomed back one of its most popular denizens within its various walls. mSB My story is told. That the bells were ring mg at Wrottsley, and the famous Wrottsley ale ahumming in honor of a double wedding before three months were over must be a fact patent to all readers of this narrative ; and that Jackson should regale the housekeeper's room with wondrous accounts of his adventures among the brigands may be easily conceived. In the course of years the wondrous tale so giew in the telling that the graphic account of \- how he (Jackson) slew Patroceni and saved the lives of his master and his friends, became quite the accepted version, and there was an undefined feelinp that the Victoria Cross was by no means bestowed impartially, ? 'THE END, 