.ceat Food for Ncrvous Pcople. Pons is good for nervous persons, but is not easily digested. Wild game is excellent. Fish is good for nervous people. Eggs boiled just enough to harden the white are easily digested. It is amistako about people eating too much. The majority do not eat enough. Nervous dyepepsia comes from working too hard and not eating enough. When a man begins to suffer from overwork he ehould oat plenty of good bread and butter, drink two quarts of milk a day, and eat plenty of good meat. When such a person resorts to a vegetable diet he grows weaker and loses his nerve power. AT a meeting of the Anthropological Insli. tote, lMr. James G. Fraser read a paper on "Oertaiu 3urial Customs, as illustrative of the Primitive Theory of the Soul," The Romans had a custom that when a man who had been reported to have died abroad :re turned homne alive, he should enter his house, not by the door, but over the roof. This custom (which is still observed in ersiae) owed its origin to certain primitive beliefs and customs with regard to the dead. The ghost of an unburied man was supposed to haunt and molest the living, especially his relatives. Hence thle importance attached to the burial of the dead, and various precautions were taken that the ghost bshould not return. When the body of a dead man could not be found, he was buried in t?ligy, and this flotitions burial was held to be sileicnt to lay thaanldering ghost, for it is a principle of primitive thoughbt that whabt is done to the effigy of a man is done to the man himself. The Director read a paper by Admiral F. S. Tremlelt, on the "Sculptured Dolmeno of the Morbihan" (North-weet France.) About 80 roulptures had been found, invariably on the interior surfaces of the eap stones and their supports. It is remarkable that they ar con flued within a distance of about 12 miles, and are all situated near the sea coast, beyond which, although the megaliths are numerous, there is a complete absence of sculptures, The soulptures vary in intricacy, from simple wave-lines and cup.markings, to some that have been compared to the tattooing of the New Zealanders,-KInowtlcdle. 