NOTES AND COMMENTS. A rumor is goiug about (observes tho u St James's Gazette") that the Psychical Society ha? :it last found a ghost. Hitherto the society hasbeeain the painful position of caHingspiriU irom lue vasty aeep, ami omy nuuuig vuui Shakespere was right about the difficulty of getting them to respond. The conunitteo have, we believe, hired houses warranted to be haunted by tho most unexceptionable spectres, have heroically slept in the haunted chamber uight after night, aud have not so much as heard a sigh or seen the least symptom of a faint blue light. Things were at their worst when a charge canto, which baa apparently ended Iu HiMimu. UUIUI urius. XU kuu « utuiu.- ui buu Society's Transactions, or Journal, there apixnrcd a notice that persons wishing to be introduced to a real ghost should immediately apply to the Haunted Secretary, or words to' tlint efiect. So enthusiastic was the rush expected to be, that the Hannted Secretary would not pledge himself to find a bed in the chamber visited by " The Thing " for every seeker after psychical truth who might present himself. Some inquirers, however, were accommodated, and the consequences surpassed aU expectations. Hard knocks were the order of tho day. The ghost, whose appearance is not mentioned in the rumor, began by throwing tumblers (where did they come from?) at the representatives of the S. P. R. A heavy fendor was the next missile employed, and after this the ghost sent a slab of the marble chimney- piece flying at their heads, and then at length the retreat was reluctantly sounded. The ex- permit is, we hear, to be repeated as soon as the S.P.R. has armed its intrepid representatives with plato armour, or some improvement's the diver's uniform; and the electric light is to be suddenly flashed upon the spectre to sec if he will jump. It is most earnestly to be hoped that the pcrserving efforts of tho society will meet with the reward they deserve, and that this promising ghost will maintain his high character. Ilt is stated in a morning contemporary tlia» au unfortunate man has been walking about Melbourne for some time with a piece of irun tubing some four inches long in his back. I scorns that, in November last, ho was severclj injured at a boiler explosion in Richmond by a piece of the furnace door falling on his back, that he was treated at the Melbourne Hospital Nor three weeks and discharged, "readmitted and discharged ; again and that after vainly en deavoring to work for two weeks, he went to Dr Fitzgerald, who discovered the piece nt nn a11.<Ja/4 4ft in Mn hnnk. Tt was immediately extracted, and ho patient has since been rapidly regaining strength. On the extraordinary natnrc of the medical features of this case wo have no opinion to offer. \fe have heard of others far more extraordinary. . The vagaries of a ballet after entering the human frame nre of the most multifarious character. Needles and pins after piercing the skin at one point aud dis appearing, have been known to emerge at a dis tant extremity after the lapse of years. But that a piece of tubing four inches long should remain imbedded in a man's back for a period of three weeks, during which he was an in-patient'. 1 of a hospital, is something more than extraordinary. It would be interest ing, therefore, to hear the hospital record" of tbecasc. Under whose charge was it ? Who examined the man on odmieaion ? Did he ever complain of any pain in the region where this foreign body bad deposited itself, and were there auy outward signs of its presence that might hare been detected on close examination ? The hospital i9 a public institution, and the public have a right to ask the details con nected with a case in which it is stated that an m-natient wm nn Iwa Ai-mtSnnt JicMinvrM i :»l four inches of tubing in his back. To the lay mind the examination which allowed this to be, must have been a most superficial one, Eq. quiry is needed here. 