THE BEEHIVE. FOUL BROOD. . Kir. W. Muth-R&BmuBsen; writes the follow ing letter in a late number of the Pacific JSural Press:—Foul brood is the most dreaded disease to which bees are subject. It attacks the young larva while it is yet growing, and before it has begun to spin its cocoon. The bees do not always Beal the cell, but when they do, the capping will be of a darker colour than that of the adjoining cells containing healthy brood; will be more or less depressed, and frequently has an irregular pin-hole in the centre. The dis ■eased brood turns into a brown, coffee coloured, ropy matter, so sticky and tenacious that, on inserting a pin or little stick into the cell, it can be drawn out in a long string. It also emits an indescribable, sickening ■smell, which generally is the first indication of the presence of foul brood in the hive, ■and when the disease is well advanced can be detected some distance away, through the bees fanning the foul air out at the entrance. On account of its stickiness, and perhaps from a natural aversion to contract with the disease, it is impossible for the bees to re anove the foul-broody matter from the cells. These cells are therefore never used again, and the consequence is, that as the disease spreads in the hive, the available breeding space is rapidly contracted, the queen, for the want ol room, is unable to keep up the numerical strength of the colony, and, as a general thing, some stronger colony attacks them, robs them of their honey, carries the germs of the disease to their own hive, where it finds fresh material to work upon, and leaves the moth-worms to finish the wreck. Without the knowledge or attention of the owner the disease, being very contagious, will thus gradually spread through the whole apairy and further; absconding swarms or robber bees from other places carrying the germs with them and spreading them broad cast over the conntry. I have observed that while considerable healthy worker and drone brood may be hatched iu a diseased hive, and while the proportion of diseased droue larvaj is much smaller than that of diseased worker brood, a foul-broody colonv can never raise ■a queen. The queen larva invariably dies in the cell. THE CAUSE OF FOUR BROOD was for many years a puzzle to bee-keepers, -some even at the present day attributing it to chilled brood. But chilled brood need never be mistaken for foul brood. Although it emits an unpleasant odour, as any decom posing, animal, or vegetable matter will do, it is readily removed from the cells, and if a comb of chilled brood is placed in the centre of a strong healthy colony the bees will speedily clean it and use it without any further trouble. The cause was finally attributed to a funguB, and this opinion has 'been adopted by nearly all the best bee keepers, although some have advanced •different other theories and guesBes in this regard. A writer in the Californian Api culturi&t; a few years ago said that bees fathered foul brood from certain flowers, ut did not point out which flowers were guility of producing and disseminating the disease. I wrote a refutation of this idea to the Apicultwrist, but as that paper suddenly gave up the ghost, my article was never published. In 18741 worked in an apiary of 860 colonies, handling every comb repeatedly and, as I was previously well acquainted f with the disease, I am certain that there was no foul brood in this apiary at the time. Within a radius oi three miles there were hundreds of colonies belonging to other apiaries, more or less affected. As all these bees must necessarily cross each other in their flight, worked upon the same plants, and perhaps frequently disputed the first right to the nectar in some particular flower, bow was it possible that the bees with which I was working should remain healthy, while their neighbours had the disease, if foul brood originated in the flowers? Mr. C. F. Muth of Cincinnati, 0., than whom no American bee-keeper has done more for the eradication of this dread malady, cured his bees again and again only to find the disease breaking out anew, and never suspected the true cause, until by an accident he found a small, foul broody apairy which had entirely succumbed to the disease in another part of the city, and from which his bees by robbing carried fresh germs every spring. He bought the depopulated hives, destroyed or dis infected them, and has not since, I believe, . been troubled by foul brood among his bees. THE CUBE. Different cures have been suggested and tried. The quickest, safest, and most radical, is no doubt the total destruction by fire of the hive, its contents, stand, and anything that has been in contact with it. Bat where there is hope of a cure, be it ever slow and tedious, one is loth to destroy. My late lamented friend, J. P. Brack, of Lob Angeles, through his translations from a German bee paper, gave to the American bee-keepers a cnre, discovered by a German scientist. The remedy was salicylic acid. Mr. C. F. Math unproved it by adding borax. The applica tion was, however, so slow, laborious, and dangerous, in a crowded apiary, that but few succeeded with it. Other bee-keepers recom mend the starvation plan, which consists in removing the bees to an empty hive or box, in which they were confined for forty-eight hours without any food except thehoneythey carried with them. They were given plenty of ventilation and supplied liberally with a solution of salicylic acid and borax for drink. The frames and combs of the old hive were burned, the hive itself boiled in lye, and the bees finally returned to it or placed in a clean hive, supplied with a comb of healthy brood and one of honey, the remaining space being filled with frames of comb- foundation. Whether this method is a success or not I am not at present prepared to eav. There is still some diversity in opinions about it. f. Cheshire's discovery. But now comes Mr. Frank Cheshire of London, England, in the British Bee- Journal, with new and interesting facts and a new cure, which he claims to be positive and less troublesome than any previous method. His article, which is copied into the American Bee-Journal of October 8,1881, is altogether too lengthy for this paper, and while I shall here mention a few of the most important items, 1 will advise fanybody interested in tbe subject to procure that number of the Bee-Journal ana peruse it carefully. Mr. Cheshire claims to have found, by the aid of the microscope, that foul brooa is caused by a bacillus (a rudimentary vegetable), which be calls bacillus alvei, the bacillus of the hive in contradistinction to other bacilli. He found that imago, perfect, bees were affected with the disease, and examined a number of such, whoBe inside was more or less—some totally eaten away by bacilli. This is en tirely new, as all former writers have held that only the larva was subject to the disease. Although he has not found any bacilli on their spores in honey from foul broodv hives, and has been unable to propa gate them in honey, he advises not to use such honey as bee-feed, until it has been medicated, but says that from a sanitary point of view there is no reason for discard ing it as human food, as the bacilli, even if § resent in the honey, would have no in uence on the human system. According to his opinion the bacilli are carried from place to place by the feet and antennae of the bees. They can therefore be deposited in the flowers on which the bees work, and may be carried away by bealthy bees, subsequently working on the same flowers. As the bacilli are so small that "a quadruple string of thein, extending from London to New York conla be formed out of one cabio inch of material," it iB easy to see thateven a slight break of air or the fanning of the bees in a diseased hive may drive the germs out, floating in the atmosphere, to take hold and multiply as soon as they come in contact with congenial material. Mr. Cheshire's remedy { is phenol, mixed with honey in the proportion ; of one to 500. The bees are compelled to eat it and feed it to the brood. It destroys the disease, invigorates the bees, and soon changes a weak, spiritless, &ickly; colony into a vigorous and healthy one. Carbolic acid is phenol, with the addition of creosote and cresols. This will kill the beeB. The odour is very obnoxious to them, and they will not touch anything mixed with it. Only pure phenol should be used, and in the propor tions given. It is also important that the colony has a good laying queen. Here is another fact, widely different from the theories of former writers, who reasoned that by removing the queen, the disease would run its course ana finally disappear for want of material to feed upon. Boiling or scalding the hive, Mr. Cheshire says is useless, as it does not destroy the bacilli. The hive should be washed with phenylated or carbolized soap. The same is to be applied to all tools and apparatus used in the operation. 