THE " HTOItlCANE" CASE. The Victorian Club in Court. On Thursday a case whioh is of Interest to sporting men, and whioh is of considerable importance, as likely to affeot either bene- fioUIly or injuriously the right of a club to deal with their members, was commenced in the inquiry vourt oeiore nr. « nance JKLQieswon.ii. It arises out of the " Hurricane' affair, the circumstances of which will be fresh in the minds of our readers. It will be remembered that during the hearing of the inquiry the name of Mr. Louis Barnard got mixed up with the affair, and he, too, was brought to book by the club. First he was suspended for twelve months, then the suspension was mitigated to a fine of £50, and then, when the fine was not paid, the oommittee enforced the still more severe sentence of expulsion. It is nnder these circumstances that Hr. L. Barnard now seeks to regain his rights and privileges as a member, the nominal defendants as representatives of the club being Meeire. J. L. Pixrves, Charles Brown, John Wagner, 0. D. O'Halloran, Herbert Power, James Grice, and Henry Smith. Mr. Topp appeared in support of the application, and Mr. i'Beckett, Mr. Purves, and Br. Madden for the defendants. Mr. L. Barnard's statement aa to how he caine to be mixed up in the matter was this. He was ignorant of the merits of the affair altogether, but last October a Mr. Simmons came to him and asked him to do him a friendly turn by telegraphing to his (Barnard's) brother in Adelaide to arrange some financial trouble in which Fleming was involved, and he did bo in the following guileless message " See the party in question re Charles Fleming matter. Get it settled privately on best terms. Left in your hands to settle it. Means ruin to him; Otherwise do beet." On the following day this still more guileless telegram was sent : — "See Simmons, and get him, as well as your self, to try and settle Fleming matter. Don't leave stone unturned ; poor devil's awfully cat $ utter ruia to him ; try best." For this disinterested action the committee of the club decided to suspend him for twelve months. Then the committee eaid he sued for mercy, which he denied ; bat, whatever the cause, the committee altered the suspension to a fine of £50. But, conscious of his entire rectitude in the matter, Mr. Barnard refused to pay the fine, and then it was that he was expelled from the club, and suffered iu consequence both pecuniarily and socially. These facts were set out in an affidavit by Mr. Barnard. During the reading of thia affidavit by Mr. Topp a little inoident of aa amusing kind occurred. A " lady," rubiound and rotund, and bearing traoee of having j oat partaken of tea with "automat in it," took her seat in court and commenced andible criticisms about "the old judge," &o.; The crier did hia beat to quieten her, and tried to coax her outside, bat_ the old lady was not to be outwitted. Rising in court sue commenced : Tour Honour, I plead guilty. Mr. Topp— The lady, your Honour, says she pleads goilty. (Laughter.) His Honour—For which of the defendants does she appear? Mr. Topp ( sotto voce)— Mr. Purves, possibly. The venerable party then bowed to the oonrt and withdrew. Mr. Topp commented on the affidavits as he went along - " That Star Chamber, " said he, " that site up there in Bourke-street, simply meant this by their proceedings— If you don't pay the £50 fine we imposed you will -be expelled. Now, what tbey say is this: they expelled you for your original misconduct. What about Turf clubs after this? The plaintiff asks under what rule he is dealt with, but gets no reply. It was a mere piece of rage on the part of the committee because the plaintiff had dared to consult bis solicitor as to whether he would pay the fine or not." "Then," proceeded Mr. Topp, "they summon him to show cause why ne should not be expelled. First they judge him unheard, and then they say, 1 We have found you guilty ; you can come before us and sue for mercy if you like.1 That is the Victorian Club's idea of fair play." " Practically," said Mr. Topp, "he is ex pelled from every racecourse in this colony and every other colooy." Dr. Madden — That might be rather a locky thing for him. Mr. Topp— That's your opinion. It might be a lucky thing if people never went to races at all; still, they do go. Barnard was never asked to explain his conduct at all, Mr. a'Beckett— Oh, yes ; he wab sum moned to appear before the committee and show cause why be should not be expelled from the club. Mr. Topp also read an affidavit by Mr. Rapiport intended to show Mr. L. Barnard's innocence regarding the Milne-Fleming affair at the time he telegraphed to his brother in Adelaide ; and it was during the reading of this affidavit that the case waa adjourned till the following Thursday (to- morrow). There is a slight difference in the narrative told by Mr. Thomas Hajdon, secretary to the club, to the affidavit sworn by him, in which he replies to the plaintiff's allegations. He stated that when the plaintiff and Simmons appeared before the committee both stated that a suspension would be ruinous to them, and both assured the committee that at the time the telegrams were sent they had not known the nature of the charge against Fleming. At a subsequent meeting of the committee they eaid they saw they had done wronff, and exnressed reiret for their conduct and asked that they should be dealt leniently with, the plaintiff remarking that he had been racing for SO jeare, and there waa not a blemish on his character, and be had already suffered severely over the case. The oommittee then decided, in place of suspension for twelve months, to impose a fine of £50. This was paid by Simmons, bnt not by the plain tiff, and then it was that the plsuntiff was expelled for having been guilty of conduct detrimental to the interests of the. club. After the resolution to expel had been car ried, the plaintiff wrote to the committee saying that he had been badly advised in not remitting the fine to the club, apologising for not having complied with the decision of the club, and enclosing £50, the amount' of the fine, with an expressed hope that the com mittee would remove the ban of expnlsion, and reinstate him a member of the club. A similar affidavit was made by Mr. Grice, one of the committee. It is anticipated that when the plaintiff goes into the witness box he will be subjected to a severe cross-examination. In any case the proceedings will be watched with great interest by raoing men. £. Those two noted racehorses and sires, Ten Broeckand Longfellow, were weighed reoently at Midway, Kf. The former tipped the beam at 1225 and the latter at 1325 pounds. # Geoeob West, of Oxford, an old-time Eng. lishboat-builder, Is dead attheageof 69 years. West was present at the first race at Henley, in 1£29, and has attended almost every race saee. Ike pedestrians who take care of them- selves cetain their vitality for close on to half Abe Williamson, who won the Sheffield Handicap of 200 yards, has been a competitor on the cinder path for something like thirty years, and he is forty- six years roW Altboagh hfi wae given a etart of 861 yards, and had won Sheffield Handicaps in 1868, 1873, and in March, 1884, he waa not presumed to hare 'even a ghost of a show in the Christmas event The betting was 10 to .f effftfast him. Bat when he got the old joints to wonting, he "made his opponents that the Day of Judgment faadoome. ttlsvietoiy has named -the critics to ask, TOieaisaman too old fo nmP1' Fred. W. fltone, who went from thje side of the alfcedand trained xnntmr»»i.: JWton.-2ta/(«Wg Ui R mSril nJITTTj 