Ishmael. CHAPTER XXXVIII. "DARKNESS FOR LIGHT, AND LIGHT FOR DARKNESS." BY M.E. BRADDON, AUTHOR OF "LADY AUDLEY'S SECRET," "VIXEN," "THE GOLDEN CALF," ETC. ISHMAEL walked home in the calm morning air, through the silent sleeping city, where the only signs of life were in the region of the great central markets and on the quays and bridges, aoross which the great waggons were slowly creeping, laden with the produoe of dis tant fields and gardens, farms and orchards. To bim this aspect of newly-awakened Paris was of all her aspects the most familiar. He loved the quiet of her streets in the clear morn ing light. He had walked from barrier to bar rier, across all the width of the city, on many a summer morning, when his mind was full of some new scheme, and he had to fight his way through the mechanical difficulties of the work, to strike out new paths, to overcome obstacles that had barred the progress of bis predeces sors in the same kind of work. To-day it was not of some great combination of stone and iron that he had to think—the thoughts that agitated him were of his own life and his own destiny, and interwoven with that life and destiny the fate of the woman he adored. Life and love smiled upon him all in a moment after long years of shadow and gloom. All things were well with him, save this new peril which had come upon him like a thunderclap in the midat of his delight— the peril of bloodshed, the chance of slaying his old enemy, or being slain by him. For years he had waited for his chance, nad courted the opportunity, had heldhimself cheated, insomuch as his own honour and his wife's sin re mained unavenged. And now the hour of ven geance had struck—and it seemed to him an evil hour. Could he recoil from the chance when it offered ? He remembered his challenge to the seducer, the pencilled scrawl thrust into the frame of the looking-glass. Was this chal lenge to prove but an idle threat because of the passage of time? There are wounds that time canheal, wrongs that time can lessen; but not such a wound or such a wrong as tbis. Yet what a work had time done Binoe the hour of Paquerette's flight. Time, the avenger; what a wreck had timo made of his enemy! That haggard ashen face with its hollow eyes and hollow cheeks haunted him like the face of the very dead. It was like an awful carica ture—a ghastly Wiertz picture—of the man he had known years ago—the poet, the jester, a little faded by a life of late hours and intellec tual labour, full of joyousness and keen zest for pleasure. Now what a wreck ! what a pale shadow of that brilliant youth! Ishmael's heart sank as he pictured the meeting with that ruin of a man. Sword in hand, toot to foot with a spectre ! Could they two meet on equal terms ? He stayed at home all the morning waiting for a message from his foe. It would be late perhaps before the drunken jester of last night would be sober enough to think and to remem ber. But when thought and memory came Hector de Valnois would surely answer as a gentleman should answer, even a gentleman in ruins. The morning seemed passing weary to Ishmael as he paced up and down his study waiting for a message from his foe, and pining to be on his way to the villa in the Bois de Boulogne — a privileged guest His papers lay untouched upon his desk. He could neither work nor read. He could think of nothing but the agitating scenes of last night. In one moment his thoughts were of Constance and a blissful future; in the next he was * The copyright of " Ishmael" for Queensland has been purchased by the Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited. haunted by the vision of Paquercttc's pale face, the ship in mid-ocean, the lonely death. At last the expected messenger came in the {erson of Arraand de Keratry, with whom shmael was tolerably intimate from frequent meetings at the Jarzes', and other haunts of idle youths. " I have Bpcnt tho last two hours with your old friend —and your old foe—monsieur," he said; "and lam charged by hira to offer you satisfaction for all past wrongs. He will meet you when you like, where you like, will give you the choice of weapons. He acknowledges some deep wrong done you in the past—the nature of which he has not communicated to me. I can only say tbat tho wrong must be indeed foul and unpardonable if it can justify your thirst for revenge in your own mind and in tho sight of your fellow man—to say nothing of the eye of Heaven, which, I suppose, we may dismiss as an idle superstition." " It is no superstition in my mind, Monsieur de Keratry," answered Ishmael. " The wrong done to me by Hector de Valnois was the deadliest wrong one man can do another—a wrong that justifies me in demanding that man's life although he once saved mine. There are some injuries that can only be washed out with blood. I have waited for years for this atonement, and atonement is doubly due now—due to the dead, to tho victim of that villain's treachery. Why should I hold my hand to-day ?" " Because to meet that man with sword or pistol in hand would be nothing less than murder. Do you think that wreck of manhood, that mere shadow of a man, can meet you upon equal terms? Do you think that shaking hand, made tremulous by the slow poison of absinthe, can have the faintest chance with sword or pistol against your nerves of steel and muscles of iron ? Can the dead stand up against the living? You in the pride of un damaged manhood, he the exhausted victim of an evil life of poverty, disappointment, despair. Would you call upon a ghost to atone for the wrongs done by the living man? I tell you, Hector de Valnoia is no better than a ghost. If you moot him tho duel will be suicide on his part: on yours, murder." "Did he tell you to appeal to my sense of pity?" "No; a thousand times no. The spirit of manhood is not extinct even after years of poverty, absinthe, degradation. He told me to come to you and arrange a speedy meeting— this afternoon if you like, an hour before sunset, in a quiet hollow be) ond Vincennes. He described the spot to me—not too remote, yet secluded and safe. No, he has no wish to avoid a meeting; he has an ardent desire to facilitato one—the feverish haste of a man to throw away a life that has long seemed worthless. But there is such a thing as com* punction even on the part of the deadliest foe; and I tell you that to meet this man would be murder, a crime that would weigh heavy on your conscience, a sin that would haunt you to your dying day. The man is nothing to me, remember—a chance acquaintance who has been useful to me in literaturo, and whom I have paid for his work. I plead to you as man to man, more in your interest than in his." " My own interest, my own inclination, alike prompt me to hear you," answered Ishmael gravely. "If I cannot meet him on equal terms, I cannot meet him at all. After what I saw last night—well, yes; you are right How could that shaking hand hold a sword against mine, which has grappled with a young lion in Algeria? You are right. I must not meet him, although I cannot forgive him. If I alone had been the sufferer pardon might be Eossible; but there is one dead—dead broken carted—whom he wronged worse than he wronged me. Her injuries can never be purged except by the fire that burns away all sin. Tell Hector de Valnois that I decline his offer of satisfaction.. It comes too late. Neither his blood nor mine can bring back the dead, or undo the past Tell him for the life he saved on tho 4th of December I give bim bis own: and that so far, life for life, we are quits. Let him forget that he and I ever knew each other. Let him forget his victim—if he can." And, then, after a moment or so of hesitation, he added hurriedly, taking some notes from his desk and handing them to Armand : "You tell me he is in straitened cirenm stances. I shall be grateful to you if you will relieve hira—as though from your own purse. He gave mo his bed once and dressed my wounds. I thought him a good Samaritan in those day 8." Arraand de Keratry took the little packet of bank notes without a word. " I expected no less from you," he said. " I know that you are a brave man as well as a good man; and no brave man would meet a foe upon unequal terms." They shook hands, and parted; and Ishmao felt as if a terrible burden was lifted off his mind by the result of this interview. To slay or to be slain ; neither |a pleasant contingency for a man who has just won the crowning grace of a prosperous career —the love of the women he adores. It was 2 o'clock in the afternoon. He had not taken any rest since the previous day. How long ago it seemed now 1 What a deep ravine had yawned asunder in the level monotony of daily life, dividing yesterday from to-day! He threw himself into an easy chair, and slept for an hour or more from sheer exhaustion ; then dressed, and drove to the villa in the Bois—that luxu rious home whose threshold he had not crossed since the June afternoon when he avowed his intention never to marry. And now he entered the hall with firm free step as the affianced of the mistress of the house. The dogs came out and fawned upon him in friendly welcome before the servant could announce hira. " Did she aend them Vhe won dered. He was a man to whom animals came as by an instinct, sure in advance of his good will. Lion, the collie, put his nose into the visitor's hand and went into the salon with him, while Bijou walked composedly by his side, looking up at him with serious black eyes, as if she had been expecting him for ages. And in the sunny window, with a little world of greensward, fountain, and roses outside, Con stance was waiting for him with sweetest welcome. And now began for lahmael the halcyon days of his life—a time of sweet communion with the chosen among all womankind; of growing intimacy with a nobler nature than it had been his lot to know until now. It was the absolute fulfilment of his youthful dream—a loftier bou! than his own stooping from higher spheres tc* bear him company on earth. What bliss te be understood as he had never been understood before; to find perfect sympathy, perfect comprehension ; to nave his ambition no longer regarded as the common- place contractor's greed of gain, but understood from a loftier tandpoint as the engineer's glory in great achievements—in difficulties vanquished, rough ways made smooth I They had so much to talk about in the present and the future that it is scarcely atrange if he old her but little of the past; aince to have gone back upon the story of those early days would have been to go too near the darkest passages of his life. He told her of his wild free if em Brittany; of his scanty stock of learning acquired from good Father Bressant; of the circumstances that had driven him from his homo, touching but lightly on his father's injustice, his stepmother s ill-will; of his marriage he said nothing beyond that first confession that the breaking of an old tie had left him free. Constance had drawn her own inferences, and had made up her mind t hat some sad story was involved in this old tie; and for her part she so gloried and rejoiced in his love, she was so proud of having won for her lover a man of a different stamp from all the other men she had ever on countered—the ideal man, in a word, the worker, the victor, the man who had faced difficulties and overcome them, and whose wealth of knowledge in all things was only less than his modest appreciation of his own acquirements; she was so proud of her lover that it never entered into her mind to be c urious about the details of his life. She was d elighted to listen when she could win him to talk of himself, but she never questioned him. Her faith in him was boundless. And so the summer days wore on, and the season waned, and all the gorgeous winged butterflies of Parisian society had flown south ward to bluer skies, to game and dance and flirt and gossip and dress and paint beside the tideless Mediterranean, only transferring Parisian habits, Parisian extravagances. Parisian luxurious living to the towns scattered along the Riviera. The Parisian was gone out of Paris, and only the trampling of tourists —American, English, Belgian, German populated the boulevards and kept up the clink of glasses, the crowd of idlers, at the little tables on the pavement, in the sultry heat of July afternoons. Constance and her lover cared nothing for the departure of these children of fashion and f oily. They only waited till certain legal pre liminaries should be arranged, settlements drawn, communications made with the lady s kindred, and so on. Lord Kilrush wrote to express his gratification at his daughter's engagement to so worthy a suitor as Monsieur Ishmael, whose reputation was European, and at the same time conveyed his regret at being under a medical regime, which forebade his leaving Homburg even for a few days, and thus prevented his presence at the marriage ceremony. Chapter XXXIX. THOU DOST DWBLL AMONG SCOKPIONB. It was the eve of Ishmael'* wedding day, the ove of a sultry day at the beginning of August The heat had been oppressive even amidst the murmuring boughs of the Champs Elysees and that fair wood beyond; and with evening the air grew heavier, as with the presage of a thunderstorm; whereupon all the inhabitants of western Paris who knew how to live drifted towards the wood and the cascade, to eat ices and smoke cigarettes betwixt starshine and lamplight, to flirt or gossip to a pianissimo accompaniment of rushing waters and waving The* train of carriage*, with their coloured lamps, looked like an army of glow-worms creeping along the leafy avenues under the shades of night. Not a Jehu in all Paris but had his fare on this August evening. The heat of those dazzling cafes on the boulevards was insupportable; theatres were suggestive of the Black Hole at Calcutta; and even the stranger, to whom the Parisian boulevards are a wonder and a delight, pined for fresher air and an escape from the glare and the din. But if the summer night was sultry and stilling on the boulevards and in the Palais Royal, what was it in the slums and lbw neighbourhoods which hang on the skirts of Paris like a foul fringe upon an Imperial robe? There were slums and loathsome spots still left evenintheheartof this splendid Haussmannised city; and if there were ashes and blackness within the core of the golden apple, how much the more might such evil things be looked for outside, remote from the dwellings of those who wear purple and fine linen. Far from the roll of carriage wheels, the tramp of thoroughbred horses, the glitter of palaces and bloom of palace gardens, is a sordid external zone of filth and poverty, and famine and fever, a world that knew not Imperial Ctessr save as a name: a name which might mean anything, but which certainly did not mean food and clothing and decent shelter. Among these regions of outmost darkness in the far north of Paris, near Clichy—a region as little known to the ordinary Parisian visitor as the North Pole itself—there is a small settlement given over for the most to the rag- Sicking confraternity, and know as the Cite v Soleil. ...... It is not to the beauty of its situation nor to the dazzle of gilded domes and pinnacles that this City of the Sun owes its name, nor has it been so christened in irony. The simple reason that the place has been so called is that the waste ground about those wretched hovels has been planted, time out of mind, with sunflowers which thrive amidst the surrounding squalor, and encircle the dwellings of the outcast with an aureole. ..*.... Bich in the loathsome odours, black with the grime of ages, this City of the Sun surpasses all tne other settlements of the surrounding plain in squalor and hideousness. Where all are vile this ranks as vilest. The narrow alleys which separate the huts where the rag-pickers sleep on their rags are mere muddy channels in which children, dogs, and swine crawl and grovel, fighting with each other for the bones, the stale cabbage stumps, the purid lobster shells which fall from the rag-pickers' baskets. The fronts of the rotten old hovels are decorated with skeletons of cats, skulls of dogs, foxes' brushes. The sickening stench of the place overpowers tho passer-by at ten yards distance. The road near which lies this colony of dirt and poverty is called the Route de la Revolte. The very name is siniater, but the actuality is even more terrible ; a long dreary road which goeef rom Nouilly to St. Denis, muddy in winter, dusty in summer, a road which pierces a world given over to squalor and disrepute—nay, too often made notorious by some dark history of crime—a region of waste places and dila pidated buildings, the comfortless shelter of mountebanks and beggers, scavenge™, Israeli •tish merchants in broken glass and rabbit skins, chair menders—a region in whose pes tiferous alleys and above whose stagnant gutters hang the germs of typhoid and typhus, the seeds of phthisis, the taint of cholera morbus. Only the acclimatised can exist in that polluted atmosphere. On this August night not a breath of air stirred in the City of the Sun, where the sun flowers were just unfolding their golden rays. A hot and heavy mist brooded over the dilapidated roofs and rickety chimneys; overthepigs, lazier than their wont, as they sprawled in the sultry eventide; the children, the gaunt lean curs, lowest specimens of the dog family, and seemingly a peculiar breed of mongrel, engendered of poverty and dirts. It was between 8 and 9 o'clock. The mountebanks and beggars, the lame, the halt, and the blind, were crawling home, shuffling off their various infirmities as they came along. The sickly children, M enough in all conscience with the chronic disease of poverty, yet simulating other maladies; the widows who never had husbands; the orphans whose fathers are waiting at homo to beat them; the men with organs, with monkeys, and with performing dogs : these, jocund some of them, weary all, are creeping back to their nests, whilo the rag-pickers are going out. In an hour the City of the Sun will be almost deserted by the profession by whioh it is particularly affected. But there are some few dwellers in those evil smelling dens who are not of the brotherhood of the basket and lantern, and these are the more dangerous inhabitants of the place. From these the City of the Sun derives its second name of the Little Masas, so called because its occupants have either just come from prison or are just going there. In one of the hovels, a den in a dark corner, furthest from the highway, a woman lay on a wretched pallet, gazing at tbe waning light, drawing her breath heavily, as if each respiration were a labour and a pain. An old crone, bent, withered, wrinkled, crouched beside the hearth, upon which an iron pot simmered and bubbled above a handful of embers. The entire furniture ef the room consisted of the pallet-bed, two broken chairs, an eld egg box which did duty for a table, and a heap of rags in a corner which served the crone for a boa. The woman had been languishing in that wretched den for weeks, wasting in the deadly Sip of pulmonary disease. There had been ,ys on which she rallied and was able to crawl about in the sunshine, seized now and again with that terrible cough of hers, obliged to hold on to some dilapidated railing or door post, while she was shaken by the convulsive violence of a coughing fit which almost meant suffocation. There had been days on which she had crept into Paris, and had crawled as far as the Boulevard Montmartre, and looked with her wan ghost-face at the crowd and the movement of the city; only to go back to her hovel, exhausted by the exertion, and to all appearance having discounted the brief remnant of her days by that imprudent waste of power. The crone yonder had urged this dying grandchUd of hers to apply for free quarters at the hospital. There she would be tended and fed and doctored; there she oould have all she needed. Here she could have very litUe; a cup of wretched soup made of bones from the basket; a crust of dry bread from the same foul source. Money the crone had none, she protested; in actual truth every farthing she earned was spent for drink. She had been a drunkard seventeen years ago in the Rue Sombreuil, when that wasted form upon the pallet was young and fair. She was a drunkard now—a patron of the local assommoir, a consumer of that vile brandy whose fiery flavour has won for it the name of " vitriol" or oassepoUrine, in the slang of the unlucky wretches who drink it. Yes, that pallid haggard face was the face of Paquerette. Those faded eyes gazing wearily at the setting sun, seen through the open door —a fiery shield, at the end of a long vista of huts and pigsties, sheds and broken railings— those pale sad eyes were ths eyes that were once as lovely as the eyes of the Qreuse in the Louvre: innocent childlike eyes, looking up at Ishmael with the tender trustfulness of a child. They had seen the world since those days, poor faded eyes. They had looked on strange people and strange cities; they had confronted the glare of the footlights, the bronzed faces of men of many nations, the fumes ef drink and tobacco. Yes, she had seen the world, poor little P&querette; she had led a life of change and adventure with her Bohemian lover. She had been rich and poor, happy and miserable. She had feasted and she had starved, had alternated between fine clothes and rags, had shared the ups and downs of a clever unscrupulous man who lived by his wits; and finally there had come an end. Hector de Valnois' fortunes had taken the downward slope. His health had declined with the decline of his prosperity. He became irritable, hypochondriac, a martyr to neuralgia, a man most difficult to live with. In Valparaiso, where Paquerette was earning money as a singer at a French cafe concert, he was seized with nostalgia, sickened for Paris, felt that in no other place could his strength revive, nowhere else could the freshness and vigour of his brain be restored. He had lost the power to write prose or poetry. It was this diabolical country which burnt up his brain with its feverish atmosphere, its hot winds and seething mists. Nor could he write in exile ? He wanted contact with his fellow-men. This is why his faculty as poet, a* journalist, as novelist, playwright, critic, had been declining for the last ten -fears. He made up his mind one wakeful night—tormented by heat and mosquitoes—that he would sail for France by the next vessel that left the port. "You will meet Ishmael and he will kill yon," gasped Paquerette, white with fear at the very thought of her husband's vengeance. "He swore that he would kiU you; I heard him." " That was ten years ago. Do you suppose that he has not got over the loss of you by this timer- It was in vain that Paquerette pleaded. The next French steamer took them oack to Mar seilles ; and from Marseilles they travelled to Paris, without an hour's avoidable delay. They arrived in the great city almost penniless, but Hector de Valnois was past master of the mysteries of Parisian life—from the palace to the gutter. He found a cheap lodging in the labyrinth of narrow streets near the Luxem bourg; and here Paquerette and he existed for nearly three years, she accepted as his wife by the few who crossed the threshold of his shabby home. Hero de Valnois did journeyman's work for his old publishers, for the Figaro, for the Corsairs, working under a nam de plume, ashamed that the Parisian world should know the author of Mss Nuits Blanches had sunk to the scribbler of stray paragraphs and the puffer of wealthy advertisers. He kept aloof from all who had known him in his butterfly stage, his brief day of splendour and success. He rarely rose till noon, rarely went out of doors till nightfall. He dined at some popular restaurant in the students' quarter after everyone else's dinner was over. He was always later than other people. He was last to leave the billiard-room or the cafe ; the last to Bend in his copy to the newspaper from which he drew the pittance upon which he lived. Paquerette earned no money in Paris. She did not even try to get an engagement at theatre or concert. First, she had a morbid dread of being seen by her husband; secondly, her voice began to fail her soon after her return to Paris. She had caught a severe cold on tho steamer on board which she and Hector travelled as second-class passengers. Her health declined, her beauty faded, the bird like soprano voice grew thin and feeble. The Paquerette of the past was dead. The white Easter daisy had faded for ever. Poverty is but a sour soil for the fragile floweret called love. These two had been faith ful to each other through changing fortunes. They had been brave and hopeful, so long as in the evil hour there was a chance of change from tho level monotony of hopeless poverty; and that condition of things is trying to the temper, especially to a man's temper. One day Hector disgraced his manhood eternally by telling his faithful companion that she was a bnrden to him, a clog, an incubus; that his fatal passion for her had blighted his prospects, ruined his life; that but for her he would have been the successor of Alfred de Musset, a favourite guest at Fontainebleau and Compiegne, a member of the Academy, a rich man. It was a burst of spleen, of wounded pride; the bitter sense of failure; the proud man's rage at the success of bis inferiors. It was a sudden gust of all evil feelings concentrated in one angry speech. It was the passion of a moment, the savage out burst of a fallen angel stung by gadflies. It had no real significance; but it broke Paquerette's heart. She answered not a word. She stood before him white as death and as motionless. She stood and watched bim as he flung on bis hat and dashed out of the room. It was on the edge of night, and he was going to his favourite haunt in the Place de la Sorbonne. Le Picrate, famous for its absinthe. When he was gone she went to her bedroom, and put a few things together in an old shawl which she pinned into a little package with tremulous hands. Then she pot on her rusty little black lace bonnet, tied her black veil tightly across her hollow cheeks, and went out into the street, leaving the key with the portress as she went by. "You can tell Monsieur I am not coming back any more," she said. Tho woman stared at her, not taking in the full meaning of her words. She spoke too quietly to mean anything tragic She meant just what she said: never to go back to him any more. She was leaving him for ever—the man for whom she had sacrificed husband, home, good name, and all the best and brightest years of her life. She was running away; just as she had run away from the Bue Sombreuil fifteen year* ago, to escape her grandmother's ill-treatment. Poor little Paquerette 1 her only notion of self-defence was to run away. „ . m , Fifteen years ago she had fled from the Bue Sombreuil. To-night she went back there winding like the hunted hare to her form, and nearly as hard sped as the hunted hare. In all Paris she knew of no friend to whom she could safely appeal in her dire necessity, except those first friends of hers who had looked with compassion upon her miserable girlhood. Of Lisette Moque, that fast friend of later days, the friend who had encouraged her in her folly, she thought with a shudder, for to Lisette's fatal influence she traced her own fall. The experience that should have guided her steps in the midst of danger, the worldly knowledge which should have saved her, bad only been used to her disadvantage. No. Had she been starving and shelterless in the streets of Paris, she would not now have accepted shelter and food from Madame Moque. It was a long walk from the Luxembourg to the Bue Sombreuil, for limbs that had lost much of their youthful elasticity; and there was only dissappointment at the end of the journey. The old portress was in her dusky den by the doorway, tbe courtyard and staircase looked exactly as they had looked fifteen years ago, only so much the more squalid; so much the darker, uglier, drearier by the passage of those fifteen years. " The Benoits are gone," Baid the hag, staring hard at Paquerette's closely-veiled face. " Oh, but gone for ages. The little Mam'selle, she that was jolie d croquer, she married a baker from Rouen seven years ago, and they went to Rouen to live soon after marriage; and then the big Mam'selle, la yrande Lisoeth, married an Englishman, and she and the cousin, Mam'selle Toinette, went to London." All this had happened ages ago. Paquerette leaned against the greasy door post, trembling and faint. How much she had hoped for—succour, consolation, Christian charity—here where she found nothing. Gone to Rouen, gone to London—those old friends. To her the case seemed as hopeless as if they had gone to Siberia. How could she follow them—she who had only a few francs in her shabby little purse : she who turned cold and faint and weak at the slightest mental dis tress? " Have you heard anything lately of a woman who once lived in those rooms?" she asked pre sently, pointing to those old casements on the ground floor, which were a little cleaner than they had been in Mere Lemoine's time, and which were ornamented with a few tufts of primroses and cowslips, growing in old black ing bottles. " But of course she is dead; she must have been dead for years." " Mere Lemoine, do you mean V cried the portress. Paquerette nodded assent. "Mere Lemoine is not dead, madame; Mere Lemoine is as much alive as the Emperor more so, perhaps; for people Bay tbat the Emperor has a malady which will kill him, and that he is beginning to fail already; while Mere Lemoine seems as if she would never die. It ia a healthy occupation, that of a rag- picker, to be out all night in the cool air, when the streets are empty and tbe town is quiet." "She is living then?—and a rag-picker! Poor soul 1" " Well, it is not a pleasant trade ; but they seem to thrive upon it. Mere Lemoine must be eighty years of age. She came into this yard within the last month. She knows that she can get a taste of brandy once in a way for the sake of old times. She is bent nearly double, withered and wrinkled— Dieu de Dieu, how withered, how wrinkled ! But she is alive, and as hale and hearty as you or I." She was still living, then, that old old woman, the grandmother who had beaten her and scolded ncr, and driven her as a fugitive from that very house; and now the time had come when Paquerette's last hope of a refuge was from the charity of that very grandmother. The whirligig of time had bi ought about its own revenges. There was nothing for her save thin or the hospital. And she was not ill enough to ask State charity. If she had been she might have preferred tno hospital. " Do you know where Mure Lemoine lives ?" she asked. " She lives in a place where a great many of the rag-pickers live.' " In the Bue Sainte- Marguerite ?" "No, no; ever so much further off than the Rue Sainte- Marguerite. She lives up by Clichy, on the Route do la Bevolte, in a place called the Cite dv Soleil—a place given over to rag-pickers." "The Cite dv Soleil," repeated Paquerette, faintly, for she was very tired after her walk; " I suppose I shall be able to find the place ?" " Why not ? you have a tongue in your head," answered the woman, carelessly— for Paquerette did not look a person likely to pay for polite* netis. " You have to find your way to Clichy. and then anyone will show you the Cite dv Soleil." Piiquerette thanked her, and left, the Bue Sombreuil for ever. She walked some distance in the direction of Clichy, and then, almost ready to drop, she found there was an omnibus which would carry her for a considerable stage of the journey for a few sous. This helped her, and in the spring night, between 8 and 9 o'clock, ahe arrived at the City of the Sun; just when tbe rag-pickers were issuing from their hovels, a little procession of old men and women, each with a lantern swinging at the end of a stick— a train of glow-worms in the spring night. Paquerette put up her veil, and stood by the roadside to watch them go by. The stara were shining in the April sky, the night was soft and gray rather than dark. Every one turned to look at that figure standing by the wayside, with a white wan face, evidently watching for something or some one. The rag-pickers went by slowly, moving stiffly, halting in their walk like old horses after an interval of repose. Some of them mumbled and muttered as they hobbled along, as if chewing the cud of better days. Paquerette gazed piteously at those old wrinkled faces, at the women most of all. looking for her grandmother. Almost at the tail of the dismal procession came a hag more bent and decrepit than any other example of age and misery presented by that squalid com* pany. Her head nodded, her chin worked convulsively as she tottered along, mouthing, muttering. Her lantern shook like a light on a ship at sea; her skinny hand trembled aa it clutched her staff. She, too, inquisitive even in her semi-imbecility, turned and peered with dim bleared eyeballs at the figure by the way* side. Something in the crone's nut-cracker counte nance was familiar to those sad eyes looking out of the pale face. "Grandmother!" faltered Paquerette faintly. The crone started, and then came close to her, staring at her, devouring her, with wild hagjgard eyes. "Jeannetonl" she screamed. "It is my daughter's ghost!" "No, grandmother; it is your daughter's daughter; broken-hearted like her mother; wretched and poor and friendless like her mother. You see it runs in the family." "Why, then it is Paquerette 1" cried the hag. "that shameless rag of a granddaughter; the child I reared out of charity, and who deserted me in my old age." She planted her staff upon the dusty ground and stood leaning upon it, gazing at Paque rette, while the squalid regiment of rag-pickers moved onward, and the twinkling lights melted and vanished in the gray eventide. " I did wrong, grandmother; but you were too hard upon me. You beat me because I refused to marry a man I hated." "To hate such a man I Oh, the folly of these girls I" cried the hag; "a man who bad saved money; a man whose wife is a lady, I have seen her. Do you hear, child? I have seen the charabia's wife. She was a servant at a wine shop in the Bue de la Roquette—a brazen wench. He married her a year after you ran away. Ah, but she lives well; she has a warm nest. She is one of the fattest women in the Faubourg Saint-Antoine. She goes to the theatre twice a week. She wears a silk gown on Sundays. Ah, you were a fool, Paquerette —a fooL Just like your mother. Ail young women are fools." " Yes, grandmother, I have been a fool; but not for refusing to marry the charabia; not even for running away from you. I have been a fool, and my folly has left me without a friend, or a roof to cover me. Can you give me shelter till I can look about, and do something to earn my living?" " Shelter—but—yes; I have a home, a snug little home, and you shall share it. Folks shall not have to say that I refused shelter even to a runaway granddaughter. Your mother ran away, and she came back—back to the old nest. And you. you too have come baok. Strange, very strange," muttered the old woman, prat tling on in a senile fashion as she led the way to the City of the Sun. The City of the Sun! In all Paquerette'* varied experience she had never beheld any thing so hideous a* that collection of hovel*, and pigstyes and dust heaps, all grouped together haphazard, human ana porcine habi tations nestling side by side, dust heaps piled against the walls, on a level with bedroom win* dows. The house in the Bue Sombreuil was an abode of luxury, a bourgeois* and cossue habita tion, as compared With these dilapidated shanties of worm-eaten wood or crumbling plaster. A pane of glass here and there in a window was the rare exception that proved the rule of broken casements stuffed with brown paper, rags, old hats, and rotten straw. The chief endeavour of the habitants seemed to be not to let the light in at the windows but to keep the weather out. Thus an old boot or a sauce* pan lid was deemed an appropriate subject for a broken pane. And the odours; the footid stream of animal corruption; tho ranktaint of rotten vegetables; the sickly indescribable stench which com* bined all imaginable foulness in one loathsome essence—from these P&querette; recoiled shuddering; but the grandmother's skinny fingers gripped her shawl and drew her on. " I have a snug little home at the end here, in a nice sheltered corner," she muttered, chuckling and gibbering as she went along. "I haven't paid any rent for six months. They are a rough lot about me, and the collector got frightened the last time he came to our end of the place, and has never ventured so far since. There are some queer fellows live next to me—ltalians, very quick with their knives— and they threatened to stab that fine gentleman when he came prying about with a leather money-bag across his chest and a little bottle of ink in his waistcoat pocket. He has never been near mc since." She led the way te the Ultima Thule of the City of the Sun, a hut more dilapidated than any they had passed yet—for the roof was half off, and the rotting rafters were covered with an old mattress and a piece of tarpaulin. There was not a pane of glass left in tho old leaden casement; there was not an inch of unbroken plaster on the walls; and the floor waa the primitive earth. In one corner there waa a huge heap of rags; in another a smaller pile of broken glass and old metal; in the middle of the floor a collection of more valuable dibris— bones, relics of stale fish, crusts, cabbage stumps. These were intended to furnish Mere Lemoine's larder. On one side of the bare hearth there waa an old iron pot, which formed the hag's entire batterie de cuisine. On the other stood a bent and battered brazen candle stick, holding a couple of inches of tallow candle, which the old woman lighted at the flame of her lantern. [to be continued.] 