Ishmael.* CHAPTER XXXIV.— (Continued.) BY M.E. BRADDON, AUTHOR OF "LADY AUDLEY'S SECRET, "VIXEN," "THE GOLDEN CALF," ETC. THE mansion of the Clavaroche family was one of the oldest houses in the Faubourg St, Germain. It was situated in one of the quiet old streets of the Faubourg, behind those mag- nificent modern buildings on tho quays, me official residences of ministers and ambassadors, the villas of Jewish millionaires and new nobility. There was a suggestion of tho past in every gablo arid chimney in the extenor view, in every cornice and doorway wltntuv For more than a century and a half the good old house had remained unaltered from its original splendour of the Louis Quatorzc period. It had begun to be old-fashioned in the days of the Regency, and was positively rococo under Louis Quinze. _ , „ . . During tho first Empire, and throughout the reign of Louis Philippe, the Clavaroche dwelt apart. They led a life of absolute 8f« elusion in the midst of the great busy city, re cieved only a few old friends of the most strictly Legitimist opinions, gave themselvcaup to de votion which touched the boundary fine of bigotry, wore altogether pious, dull, and nar row-minded, rof using to believe in the virtues of the good Citizen King, or to gladden his court by the lightof their countenances. They grew old an gray in the old gray house, amidst mouldering? draperies and faded tapestries and tarnished gilding; relics of the past which to tho Clava roche mind were in themselves a patent of aristocracy; curtains which had screened their great-great-grandmothers, armchairs in which Erinccs and cardinals of the great king's court ad sat; looking - glasses which had reflected the vanished beauty of La Valliero and Montespan. Baron Clavaroche lived up to the mature age of forty under the maternal wing, sharing all the opinions and cherishing all the prejudices of mamere. whose hand he kissed in his stately fashion whenever ho gave her his morning Greeting; but shortly after his fortieth birth ay, and about three years ago, the Baron, during a visit to the little town of Vichy with his invalid parent, had the happy fortune to win the good graces of a wealthy financier's daughter, a young lady of the new school, and an ardent Bonapartiat. Tshe marriage renewed the fortunes of the house ef Clavaroche, which had subsided fc> adeadlevcl of mediocrity t butit broke the old baroness's heart After enjoying the privilege of domineering over her sons habits, opinions, and speech for the last forty years, it seemed a hord thing to have the Fceptre of maternal authority, the dignity of hor position aa mistress of that grave old house in tho faubourg, the administration of her ion a slender fortune, which ho had nursed and managed with a.discretlon worthy of an old fifian cier, to have all the power and glory of her life snatched from her grasp by a plump and some what vulgar young woman of fivc- and-twenty, who bad*been brought up on American principles by a doting and indulgent father, Who had been allowed to spend money like water, and who had been flattered by tho young fortune* hunters of tho peried, until sho fancied herself irresistible. .„ . , „ Perhaps the chief reason of Mademoiselle Bourley s appreciation of tho Baron's merits was the fact that he araongall their acquaintance had treated her as a common mortal, and had never stooped to flatter her. The good old dame of Clavaroche, the odour of s^rtotity which bung round these families of the old reck—these things were also an attraction ; and Elic Bourley bad only been acquainted with Theodore Clavaroche three weeks when she signified to her adoring father that she hud at last seen a man whom she could condescend to marry. ' "Tho others about whom you teased me wer>! all detestable," she said ; " but the Baron Clavaroche is at least a gentlcraau. And if he is stupid, that will bo so much the better for roc, as I intend to bo mistress in my own house." The matter was easily arranged, the bride being oue of tho richest heiresses in Paris, and tho bridegroom having long looked towards marriage as a break in the monotony of his life. A week after tbe beginning of the Paris winter season, Baron Clavaroche and Mademoiselle Bcurlcy were married at the Madeleine. The service was performed at. midnight, a mngni fircnt function, at which all fashionable Paris assisted. , The Dowager Baronets was an old woman when this blow fell upon her. and her health had hern failing for some time; but sho hod stood up like a to\v«>r i-^uin."t the encroach ments of a,'..-; she had '""Id her owr: in her narrow circle a^UnM ail cor ir;: her voi<e w. s 'H Inud. her iVov.'ii :t-i "inr'n!, her bittred ■ f Tlie copyright ol' "ishuiuei" lor has been purchased by tho tfiisbajiQ Newspaper Coo.pany. Limited, existing institutions as rancorous, her abuse of those in power—notably of the good and fair Empress—as vehement as it had been in the early days of the Citizen King; but after her son's marriage she gave way all at once, the tower was sapped at its base, the walls began to crumble, the hour of ruin and downfall w.t» near nt hand. Oii the e\ eof her sou's wedding she niadj him swear that he would be true to the e'der branch of the house of Bourbon as long *~ she lived. " When I am in my grave you can do what you like," she said; "I shall not be thereto know of your treason; and in purgatory I shall have enough to do to bear the burden of my own sins, without feeling the weight of yours." The new baroness chafed against the old order of things from the very beginning of her wedded life. She longed to sweep away the old furniture, the faded tapestries, the tarnished gilding. It was in vain that her husband urged that the things she despised were precious aa objects of art She replied that the Empress could tolerate nothing that was not strictly in the style of Marie Antoinette; and that these ornate and ponderous old cabinets and sofas and gigantic armchairs of the seven teenth century were detestable, these sienna marble slabs and brazen arabesques the very lowest form of art. "Do not disturb the old house while my mother inhabits it." he pleaded. "She will not trouble us long. Elise grumbled a little. There was no know ing how long an old woman might spin out the thread of life; and while the Dowager dawdled and lingered over those closing acenea youth was hurrying past for the young Baroness, pleasures hastening by her untasted, while she languished in that dusty old house, and was allowed to receive no one except a few Legitimists who were a quarter of a century behind the times, and still regretted Charles the Tenth. She was panting to call in the great upholsterers of the day, to send all those ponderous grandeuri of the past to tho auction room, to bo sold en bloc with all their associa tions included—aye, even the chair in which Turgot had sat, the table upon which the Due de Richelieu had played lansquenet with cardinals and princes of the blood royal. She was pining to redecorate and refurnish that historic mansion, to awaken the sleeping echoes with the sound of fiddles and cornets, to set the light airy feet of tho empire dancing in those stately halls that had beon the revels of an older dynasty. She was languishing to let the gay and garish light of the present in upon the dim shadows of the past, to disperse the ghostB, and bring the living, breathing, moving Vanity Fair of new Paris about and around her. " You might as well have taken me to live in a tomb," she exclaimed pettishly to her husband, whose aristocratic face and dignified bearing might adorn but certainly did not enliven her existence. "Indeed it is much gayer in the funeral chapel of the great Em peror, yonder," with a jerk of her head towards the Invalids—" for there people are always coming and going. Here there is no one. At dusk after the house is shut up for the night, I can hear the silence in the ball and on the staircase." Baron Clavaroche admitted that the house was rather triste: it was a quality of fine old houses to be triste ; and it was a rare privilege to enjoy in the heart of Paris the seclusion Of a chdteau in Normandy. " I hate chateaux in Normandy or anywhere else," exclaimed Elise; " and I would rather have an apartment in the Champs Elysees, or in the Faubourg Saint Honore than this house of yours, which has missed its vocation, since it ought certainly to be a convent for Carmelite sisters who wear nothing bnt woollen and are rung up at 3 o'clock in the morning to say their prayers." " There can be nothing changed so long aa my mother lives," the baron answered, He had given a promise, and he meant to keep it at whatever inconvenience to himself. The rich young wife chafed her plumage against her prison bars, complained that there waa no use in buying fine gowns when there was no one to see her wear them, but wore the gowns all the same, and was as fine as a parrot in a cage. But the day came when the gay colours had to be put away for a while, and when the young baroness had to attire herself in that severe and dense black raiment which makes French mourning such a terrible ordeal to the vain and the frivolous. The last Bands had run out in the glass, and the stately funeral car, with its violet velvet canopy, its plumes and silver scutcheons, had come to carry the old Baroness to her last resting place in the vault below a particularly hideous Egyptian tomb in gray granite, on the ridge of the hill, among the limes and chestnuts of Pere La chaise ; and the young baroness reigned in her stead. The young baroness had to endure a long and weary year of mourning, on which Baron Clavaroche insisted as a sacred debt, due to the manes of the departed dowager, not one hour of which was to be remitted; and then tho old house in the old faubourg awakened to life and bustle, and movement, and expenditure. In a day, in an hour, in the opening of a door and the entrance of a crowd of workmen. The baroness had planned everything with architect and upholsterers beforehand, and the process of transformation from the old to the new began with the stroke of the clock that told the last hour of that year of mourning. The baron gave in his allegiance to the Emperor, a friend in high quarters having brought about the rapprocfiement of these two great men ; and as soon as her house was ready the baroness opened her doors wide to that strange mixed world of the second Empire, a world in which many were beautiful, brilliant, distinguished, brave, clever, while aome were even honest and loyal; but in which there were more scamps, roue's, tricksters, and charlatans than had ever been seen in the front rank of society since tho days of Philip the Regent, who is said to have invented that word rou6 for the benefit of his own particular friends. "They wore mostly creatures worthy of being broken on the wheel," said the Prince. The friends for their part affirmed that the sobriquet was an honour able one, implying the lost degroe of loyalty and devotion, and only signified that they were ready to be so broken in the service of their royal master. . . ... Tho baron was not a genius, and he did not carry over to the Imperial side of the senate tho weight of a great political reputation ; but hia name waa a power in itself, he voted as he was told to vote, and he apoke as he was told to speak; and in those stormy debates of sixty jeven—debates upon the Mexican question, [ debates upon the Luxembourg treaty, when the language aud the bearing of French senators surpassed in dramatic vehemence and bluster the moat vehement and blusterous of dema gogues or Home Rulers—Baron Clavaroche was i useful, were it only as a dead weight. And now to do honour to the newest develop ment of the Empire the Baroness Clavaroche opened her doors to receive all fashionable Paris at a file more splendid than had ever bsen given by a private individual within the memory of the oldest inhabitant of that ancient faubourg, whose highly respectable inhabitants bad a knack of living to a green old age. Tho ball was to be a costume ball, and costume balls were not so common in those days as they are now. In those brilliant seasons th»t followed the marriage of the Emperor—in the day of Crimean victories, of Solferino and Magenta—period of triumph and glory and unclouded sunshine—the balls given by Prime Ministers and Imperial favourites had been of an ideal splendour, the costumes and group ings, the historical quadrilles, the quadrilles of the nations, of the four seasons, the constella tions, shepherds and shepherdesses, after Watteau, the four sons of Aymon—these had been moving pictures of a brilliancy and a beauty to haunt the memory of man. Ah! what stars of beauty had shone upon those nights of fashion and folly. Castiglione in the audacious triumph of sensuous loveliness, in her costume of Queen of Hearts, braving opinion, confronting society, secure in the dominion of transcendent charraa; Castellane; Walowska: each supreme after her fashion, and intent on outshining the glory of her rivals. The Emperor and Empress had loved to assist in these festivities. They had entered and vanished mysteriously, as in akind of fairy land, by secret doors communicating with the TuiJ erieB. They had changed their costumes three or four times during the long night of revelry; but the Emperor's slow and sidelong walk, and hia habit of pulling the drooping ends of his moustache, was apt to betray him in spite of disguises. Grave senators, even famous law yers, had not disdained to take part in these assemblies, discreetly attirod in short Venetian mantles of velvet or satin, which scarcely concealed the regulation evening dress beneath. The fever for this spectacular form of enter* tainment had waned, like all other society fevers after a time, and there had not been any remarkable ball of this kind for the last two or three years. The Baroness Clavaroche took upon herself to revive the taste. Her ball was to be a fancy ball, a masked ball, a ball of dominos. and strange disguises and mystifica tions. Masks wero not to be removed till supper, a tremendous banquet which waa to be given in a temporary pavilion at the end of the Sarden, large enough to seat 500 people, lighted y electricity, and said to cost 20,000 francs— an erection which was to be carted away during to-morrow's daylight, and was to vanish almost as swiftly as a scene in a fairly spectacle at the Chatelet or the Porte Saint Martin, leaving only a big bill behind. The dancing-room had been Madame Clava roche's especial care. Her ball was to be a ball of roses as well as of historic and fanciful costumes. She had reproduced that exquisite arrangement of the sails dcs glaees at Ver sailles which had been the admiration of Parisian society in '55, when the great ball was given in honour of the Queen of England. Garlands of roses were suspended from the ceiling crossing and recrossing each other in fantastic profusion, and from the rose Sarlanda seemed to hang the crystal chan eiler. The mirrors were framed in roses, the doorways were festooned with roses, the orchestra was divided into four alcoves, or gilded cages, which filled the corners of the room, and the trellises which half concealed the musicians were wreathed with roses. It seemed as if all the rose gardens of the South could hardly have furnished so many flowers. [to be continued.] 