V.K.C. SPRIXG MEETING. The Deuby Day. (FKOjI OUR 31EIBOURKE CORRESPONDENT.) Saturday. Unce more ire are in the midst of the great racing festival, and although the weather has been against ns it cannot be said that the equine epoch has opened unsuccess fully, as the attendance was large. Yester day's blazing heat was succeeded Inst night by heavy rain, but contrary to expectations the snn did not shine brightly this morning, and, after an intermission long enough to raise hopes of fair weather, the rain began afresh. This continued until after noon, -and the result was a sxnril attendance at first. Fortunately there was something like a clear up before the races actually began, and the promise of a fine afternoon induced large numbers to attend. Owing to the still threatening appearances of the weather, and the wet grass,the ladies, as a rule, prudently retained their places in the stand, though a Httle promenading was done on the asphalt in front. His Excellency the Governor, together with Lady Lech and the other members of his family, as well as Sir W. C. Kobinson, Governor of South Australia, graced the coarse with their presence. Every year we find that fresh improvements are added to the already almost perfect course^for the greater comfort and conveni ence of the visitors to r lemingtou, and the energetic and courteous secretary, Mr H. Byron Moore, is to be congratulated on the amount of work done since the last spring meeting. Journeying by rail, we find this portion of the improvements has been carried ont in a very satisfactory manner. Ia former years all passengers were put down and taken up from one platform, which generally caused a crush for seats on the return journey, Now all this is altered. The lines have been increased, so that now there are four roads for passengers and one for the engines, and they, together with the signals, are under the control of the men in the signal box. which contains 59 of lI'Keuzie and Holland's patent levers. At the end of the platforms a light iron suspension bridge spans the lines, and from this polut of vautage the officer in charge regulates the traffic. Saxby and Palmer's interlocking bars have also been put down, by means of which it is impossible for the trains to meet on the same road, the points and signals being so adjusted j that a new road cannot he made nntil the j other one Is clear. To the right of the rails I a new platform has been made for the nse of | second class passengers to the hill and flat. The former gam access to the course by gates at the cud of the bill, whilst the " ifatites descend from the town end of the platform and pass under a subway on to tbe flit. The i old platform is to be used fcr first class only to tbe bill and stand, and to prevent the i crush in returning there are three entrances to the platform i the hill people entering by the old doors at the end of the platform, grandstand folks by the old doors, and members and their ladies by annther set of | doors farther down. The railway authorities have expended about £7000 on these works, and no doubt it will turn ont a profitable investment, as hundreds of people will now patronise the railway in pr* ference to the road, knowing that there *vill not be tbe dreadful rush and crush which formerly took place. On the course we find that Mr Moore | has done all in his power to prevent mis takes. Several extra large notice boards, with white letters on a brightred ground,^replaced in conspicuous places to direct the people which way to go. 0ue great source of annoyance used to be the rash of second class passengers, and those going by road, to turn across the , path leading from the stand to the railway platform. This is now obviated by second cia«s passengers going ?s before mentioned to | the opposite side of the line, whilst for tbe convenience of the hill people travelling by vehicles a bridge ha3 been erected over the | path alluded to. Descending to the prome nade in front of the stand we have another proof of Mr Moore's forethought, as we find there are six new stair cases leading from ] the terrsee on to the stand. This Is a piece of work which will be highly appreciated, as it will eaablerisitors to get out more readily and before the influx of spectators from the upper stand. Passing along! to the | paddock we find some additional accommo dation for members. At the rear of the weighing and stewards* rooms a small bar, with three small snuggeries fitted with j tables, seats etc., has been constructed, where members and their friends will be able to obtain refreshments, including tea, : coffee, etc. The judge's box h-s been ; lowered and slightly altered for the better, j and this and the works mentioned, and j several smaller items, have cost the c'ttb a i pretty ronod sum. The money, however, is i well spent, as it is generally admitted by English and foreign visitors that ; Flemiugton is the best and most per fectly appointed racecourse ia the world. The bill, especially the back portion of it, is covered with a luxuriant crop of grass, whilst the flower beds are simply magnifi cent The beautiful bright color of the mesemhryanthemum shows conspicuously as you ascend the hill from the second class platform, and forms a pleasing bat striking contrast to the 3*eIlow and black (Tait'a colors) gazania which forms the border. The hill proper is also well covered with grass, and,looking down from this exalted position, the lawn looks like a splendid green carpet, gently relieved by bright colors, the said j bright colors being the bright blooming j flower beds which have been tastefully ' arranged ou the lawn, and which, at this j season of the year, are always seen to perfection. What a contrast tbe place will present this day week. The lawn, hill, flat, and other parts of the course will have been walked over by thousands of people. How ever, "sufficient unto the day Is the evil thereof," and provided there is not a strong wiud next Saturday it will be extremely pleasant at Flemington, as the only dust that will be raised to cause any inconvenience | will be by the horses as they sweep up the straight and past the standi As usual the day s amusement was initiated with the Melbourne Stakes, which resulted in a win for Trenton, after a good race with Sheet Anchor and Ringmaster, who finished in that order. Lesbia effected a surprise in the Sot ham Handicap by winning, with Mentmore second and Anglesey third. The Agent won the weight for age Hurdle Race, after a good race with Gasalier, Duration being third. In the Maribyrnong Plate Acme justified the confidence of the public in her by 'winning easily, with Maddelina second and Blairgowrie third. The Selling Race was a gift to Albanus. Eight came out for the Derby, and again backers were fortunate, as fcbe favorite Kordeufeldt, ridden fcy Eliis, won, after a fine finish with first Chester, Winchester being third. Melbourne Stakes—A sweep of 5 sovs each, with 300 added; second horse 50 sovs out of the stakes ; for 3yrs old and upwards ; weight for age, One mile and three quarters. D. O'Brien's b h Trenton, 4yrs, 0st (Robertson) ... 1 M. LoughUn's br h Sheet Anchor, aged, Qst 4lb (O'Brien) ... 2 J. Wilson's (jan.) b or br c Ringmaster, 3yrs, 7at 111b (Moore) ... 3 Boswortb, Promotheas, Honeydew, Mo zart, and Cyclops also started. Betting—5 to 2 Ringmaster, 4 to 1 Trenton and Honeydew, 6 to 1 Prometheus and Mozart, After some trouble, Mr Watscn, sen.,who was wielding the flig. got them away fairly together, the favorite, Eoceydew, and Trenton being the quickest oa their legs, Sheet Anchor being next, and Bosworth,who got off rather badly, last. At the mile post Trenton and Ringmaster were together—a length in front of Prometheus and Honey dew, whilst Mozart was acting as whisper jn. At the bridge Bosworth ran up and assumed the lead, and was Quickly three lengths in ironfc of Trenton and Honeydew, who were closely attended by Cyclops and Sheet Anchor. Passing the sheds * and running down to the turn Trenton again assumed the lead, having Cyclops and Ringmaster close on his quarters, the others being well up. Cyclops led into the straight. Ringmaster and Trenton being together,with Sheet Anchor on the inside. At the distance Cyclops was done with, and Trenton.answcr ing gamely, beat Sheet Anchor by half a length, the latter finishing a length and a half in front of Ringmaster. Time, 2min ldisec. Hotham Handicap.—A sweep of 5 sovs, with 300 added, second horse 70 sovs, and third 30 sovs ont of the stake. For 3yrs old and upwards. One mile and a half and a distance. S. Davis* br m Desbia, Gyrs, G3fc olfcs (M'Dowel)) — 1 J. Whittingham's b h - Mentmore, Syrs, Gst lOlbs (Guy) ... G- S. Harris* br or bl h Sigoor. Syrs, Gst lOlbs, carried 63tl2£Ibs (Brown) ... 3 Off Color, Chuckster, Anglesey. Cornet^ Doncaster, Kingship, Ran tern, Gcnoe, and . Agitation also started.. Betting—4 to 1 Comet, 5 to 1 Anglesey, i Lesbia, Mentmore, and Signor, * G to -1 i huckster, |S to 1 others. . From an indifferent start Doncaater, Chackster, and Comet were the first to show in front, Agitation, Genoe, Signor, and ; Lesbia being together. As they passed the stand Agitation was a* length ahead of Doncastcr ; Signor, Comet, and Genoe being in close attendance, whilst Mentmore was list. At the river turn Agitation led by two lengths, Comet being just clear of Signor and Doocaster, who were together, then came Lesbia in the centre, and going well, whilst the field was well up, Off Color and Chackster being last. Agitation maintained the nremier position along the back, past the abattoirs, and down to the sheds, where she gave way to Signor and Lesbia, who were followed by Comet and Doncaster. Ap proaching the turn Mentmore came out, and getting upon the inside was first into the straight, with Lesbia, Signor, and Comet well up. A good slogging race home resulted in Lesbia being landed a winner by half a length from Mentmore. Signor, Genoe, and Comet fiuished well together, the former juab securing third place. Agitation was next, the lot being whipped io by Off Color and Chuckster. Time, 2uiio. 57s ecs. XV eight tor ace Bubdle Race—A sweep of 5 sovs each, with 200 added. Abont 2 miles. C. H- T. Hart's ch h The Agent, aged, i 12st 2lb (Ferguson) Hon. W. Pearson's b m Gasalier, 6yrs, list 111b (Gardner) J. Capos' bl h Duration, oyre, list lOafc (M'Leou) Molrow and Royal Maid also started. Betting—6 to 4 on The Agent, 5 to 2 against Duration, 4 to 1 Royal Maid. The five left the post together, but at a slow pace, Gasalier being the first to make play, and attended by Duration and Royal Maid, she showed the way over the first two jumps. Coming dowu the straight Royal Maid took second place, The Agent being a length behind Duration, and in this order they cleared the hurdle opposite the stand, Molrow being last and absolntely cut of the race, as he was being ridden to keep near the field. Along the river side they swept without changing places.* but going by-the railway bridgeRoyalMaid took the lead and, was followed by Duration and Gasalier toge-» ther, The Agent running within three lengths off. At the abattoirs the Maid was a length in frout of Dnratiou and Gasalier, who were four lengths ahead of The Agent. Running , down by the sheds The Agtnt commenced to go up, and just as they reached the turn he | forged ahead. Duration and Gasalier being together. The Agent led into the straight, and the last hurdle was cleared by him slightly in advance of Gasalier and Duration, i A great race home ensued, the favorite I eventually winning by a length from Gasa- \ Her, who was a length and a half in front of | Duration. Royal Maid cantering in. Time, 3min. oojaec. The Makibyrxoxg Plate.—A sweep of 30 | sovs, with 500 added t for 2yrs old. Colts, j S-it I2lbs ; fillies. Sat 51b. Second horse I 200, and third 100, sovs out of the stake. Five furlong3 (L2G subs). J. White's b f Acme—Chester—Princess Maud (imp.), (Hales) 1 L. Watson's ch f Maddelina (Weasel) ... 2 D. Cooper's ch c Blairgowrie (Robertson) 3 The following alsostsrted—Dufferin, Divi dend, Damocles, Retort, Chesham, Halcyon, Telephone, Trojan, Essie, Devotion, The Nan, Louise Berta, Tamarisk. Betting—2 to 1 Acme, 4 to 1 Blairgowrie J and The Nun, 6 to 1 Louise Berta, 10 to 1 Damocles, Halycon, and Trojan, 20 to 1 Essie, Devotiou, and Maddelina. After one false start the whole sixteen j were set going on pretty fair terms, The Nun, Chesham, Acme, Blairgowrie, and Madde- | liuit's colors being first to be made oat. Crossing the tan The Nun had a slight lead i of Chesham, who had Acme on his quarters; | Essie and Blairgowrie being the next pair. Entering the course proper, The Nun, on the inside, was still in the van ; Chesham and Acme being close up, with Tamarisk and Blairgowrie in the centre. At the distance Blairgowrie went to the front, Chesham and Acme still lying second aud third respectively, whilst Maddelina had ran up fourth. At the half distance Hales snook the favorite up, and, the filly answering gamely, she came away and won rather easily by three leogths ; Madde* liua, who came with a great rash, beating j Blairgowrie for second place by a length; L iuise Berta was fourth, then came Chesham, Damocles, The Nun, and Telephone, with 1 Devotion and Dnfferio last. Time, lmin. 4Xsec. £>eiuxg Race.—A sweep of 3 sovs, with 150 added ; for 3yrs old and upwards ; | the winner to be sold for 150sovs ; 71bs allowed for every £50 redaction in selling ■ price. Seven furlongs. ! J. Warne's ch c Aibanns (nil), aged, Gat Gib (M'Doweil) ... X I T. Coffey's br g Scaramouch («<?), 7sfc 71b (Sanders) ... 2 i T. Jones* ch c Solo {nil), 3yrs, Gat Glba (Flanagan) ... 3 j Phantom, Virago, Agatha, Stonebroke, i Egbert, Phaon, and Sparkle also started. Betting : 3 to 1 Scaramouch, Virago, and ; Solo, 5 to 1 Albanus. Agatha, Virago, and Albanus were first to show in front on the fall of the fiag; Egbert, Solo, and Sparkle being next. At the sheds Albanus had taken the premier position, Solo being second, then came Virago, Phaon, and three or four others in a cluster. At the half-mile post Solo aseumed command, but only for a brief period, as Albanus was first into the straight, attended by Virago, Solo, and Phaon. At this point Scaramouch began to go up, and at the distance was fourth. Albanus, next the rails, was kept going, and was landed a winner by half^a length ; Scaramouch, who came very fast at the i finish, beating Solo on the post for second place; then came Virago, Agatha, and Phaon, the whipper-in -being Stonebroke. Time, lmin. 31£^ec. The judge made au awful mess of the decision, and put up Solo's number as second—and no third placed. This was subsequently altered, and Scara mouch placed second, hat no third, although all the pressmen made it Solo third, as stated above. The Victoria Derby—A sweep of 25 soys, with 650 added; 500 soys and all the sweep for first horse, 100 for second, and 50 sovs for third, for 3yra old ; colts. Sit 101b; fillies, S3t olb. li mile. (126 subs.) Hon. J. White's br c Nordenfeldt, by Musket (Ellis) ... 1 W. Kelso's br c First Chester (Kelso) ... 2 Hon. W. Robinson's br c Winchester (late Manchester) (Power) ... 3 Remus, Dnnlop, Isonomy, Thunderbolt, and TTralla also started. Betting—6 to 4 -Nordenfeldt, 4 to 1 Thunderbolt, 5 to 1 Dnnlop, 6 to 1 Isonomy and TTralla, S to 1 Remus, and 10 to 1 First Chester. TTralla bad the inside position, and Thunderbolt the outside, the latter being very fractions and trying to get rid of his rider. Nordenfeldt, Remus, and First Chester were quickest on their legs, but before reaching the turn Remus rushed to the front and led Nordenfeldt by a length, and the same distance behind came Dnnlop and Thunderbolt, with Uralla last. Rounding the river tnrn Remus continued at the head of affairs, having Isonomy as his immediate attendant; a length and a half off came Nordenfeldt, who was clear of Thunderbolt, the latter being two lengths in front of Dnnlop, TTralla still being last. Along the back of the course Remus and Isonomy had a couple of lengths to the good, Thunderbolt and Nordenfeldt being together, then followed Dunlop. TTralla at this stage commenced to go np, whilst First Chester dropped back last. Passing the railway bridge Remus had forged ahead again and was a length in front of Isonomy, who was closely waited npon by Nordenfeldt and Thunderbolt, the others bunched well together, TTralla on the outside. Before reaching the abattoirs - Isonomy deprived Remus of the lead, and, as they swept along towards the sheds, was two lengths in front of Remus, Nordenfeldt, and Thunderbolt, the others well up. Coming to the turn Remus was supplanted by Nordenfeldt and Thunderbolt, and in this order they swept into the straight, Jsonomy leading to the distance amidst shouts of "Isonomy wins P Ou tbey came, all well together, the favorite in a good position and going splendidly* At the carriage paddock First Chester and Winchester came with a great rush, and Thuu'derbolt and Isonomy were outpaced. Opposite the stand First Chester swerved and nearly threw Nordenfeldt out of It, but Ellis kept him well in hand, and by a great effort won on the post by a neck, Winchester a length, and a half off third. Then came Thunderbolt, Isonomy, Dnnlop, Ifeprntlft • l.ltt" 'Paaw. Omt. r.r.d Remus ; and Uralla last. XIme, 2min. 4SJsec Cobubg Stakes.—A handicap sweep of 5 sovs, with 200 added; second horse to receive 50 sovs ont of the stake. For 3 years old and upwards. One mile and a furlong. T. Jones" br h Bohemian, 4yre, t7at 61b (Flanagan) ... 1 W. and A. Crozisr's brg lantern, 6yrs, * S3t 111b (O'Brien) ... 2 Hon. W. Pearson's b f Parody, 3yrs, 6st (Gory) .... 3 Stafford, .The Ghost, Irallee, Dirk liatte- | nick, The Israeli-e, Wing, Lord Exeter, Laviugtou, Merrimu, Marie Louise, Tetnpe, Waverley, Recall, Honeycomb, Real Jam, j and Buttress also started. I Betting—2 to 1 Tempe, 5 to 1 Merrimn, i G to 1 The Ghost, Stafford, and Marie I Louise, S and 10 to 1 others. Time, luiin, i 59^380. 