The Window. A great deal, says HARPER'S BAZAAR, dépends upon the oüt-look one has into the world beyond the fireside whether one is grave or gay, contented, or dissatisfied, ; póetiool or praotical. The window, in '. faot, has more or less influence upon those whom it affords a mental escape from work-a-day affairs upon their well being and their growth. A green hillside, or a pine grove upon which the eye may rest in pauses of work, is a mental stimulus ; it oarries the mind away from sordid things into realms, of Fairyland, it'soothes the weariness of body and soul; and makes the narrow world stretoh away into infini tude ; or give a bit of water view where now and then a sail flits hy like a quiet ghost, or a sturgeon leaps with all his scales glittering in the BUD, where the shadows of the trees and shore are daily painted on its surface ; and what a relief it furnishes to the over-taxed brain or heart, what a chance to drop the burden of worry and anxiety, and let one's thoughts drift out with the tide into remote regions of poetry and romance ! The value of those pictures that the window offers tis oanhardly be estimated; one is un aware how subtle and how sure their power is, nor how far-reaching and developing ; how, day by day, they add their atom to the beautiful mosaic of oharaoter. " Ye were but little at the first, but mighty at the last." We adorn our walls with the works of the great and lesser masters, but these pictures which may . he had for nothing, which are retouohed every day and hour hy a Master hand, never wearying us with their monotony, nor aggres sive with their beauty, are too often disregarded by ns.. Probably half the people in the world would find difficulty in reporting the view from their own windows, simply because they have never thought about it, and there are many to whom the window is but a loophole warranted to admit light and air, who never regard it as a spiritual aid ; people who believe it was designed to show them what their neighbors are doing or wearing; and there are yot others who seem to think it was invented in order to '" be safely blindfolded that the sun may not fado their carpets or hangings. The window is like the taoe of a friend ; it has the same general outlines at all times, but the expression varies with the mood of the hour and the weather ; we . feel a companionship with all it offers to our gaze, associated as it is with our daily life, our pains and pleasures, our hopes and fears} it relates our petty lives with the immensity of nature, which is, perhaps, capable of lending: them something large and generous, some virtues that we might not else have made our own, something of beauties to soften the asperities of every-day living and thinking. 