THE PLENARY COUNCIL IN SYDNEY. (By our Special Correspondent.) AMIDST all the splendour and solemnity of gorgeous pageant and sacred ceremony the Plenary Council of Australasia was commenced on Sunday last in the Cathedral of St. Mary, Sydney. Ever since the Archbishop of Sydney—now Cardinal—in the exercise of his powers as Delegate Apostolic, issued the edict convoking the Council and summoning all the prelates and representative clergy of all Australasia, the interest of the public, and more especially of the Catholic community, had been growing, and the enormous attendance on Sunday testified to the general desire to witness the proceedings. The assembly within St. Mary's on the occasion of the opening and dedication of the Cathedral was in many respects a remarkable and important one, but the celebration of the opening of the Council on Sunday far surpassed it in grandeur and dignity, there being no less than sixteen prelates assembled on the sanctuary, while every diocese in Australia, New Zealand, and Tasmania had its clerical representatives as well. The prelates who took part in Sunday's ceremonies were :— His Eminence Cardinal Moran, Archbishop of Sydney; his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland,- N.S. Wales; his Lordship the Right Rev Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulburn, N.S Wales; his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Torreggiani, Bishop of Armidale, N.S. Wales ; his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Byrne, Bishop of Buthurst. N.S. Wales; his Lordship the, Right Rev. Dr. Dunne, Bishop of Brisbane, Queensland; his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Cani, Bishop of Rockhampton, Queensland; his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr, Murphy, Bishop of Hobart, Tasmania; his Lordship, the Right Rev. Dr. Reynolds, Bishop of Adelaide, South Australia; his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr, Griver, Bishop of Perth, Western Australia ; his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Moore, Bishop, of Ballarat, Victoria ; his Lordship the Right Rev Dr. Reville, Coadjutor Bishop of Sandhurst, Victoria ; his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr, Redwood, Bishop of Wellington, New Zealand ; his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. P. Moran, Bishop of Dunedin, New Zealand ; his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Luck, Bishop of Auckland, New Zealand; and the Right Rev. Monsignor Hutchinson, Vicar Apostolic of Northern Queensland. The presence of one mitred veteran, who for well-nigh half a century has laboured in this land; first as a pioneer missionary priest, then as bishop, and afterwards as archbishop., was missing from the stately throng of prelates. As the brilliant, pageant passed through the crowded Cathedral, and the prelates of all the colonies were counted one by one, the venerable figure of his Grace of Melbourne was alone missing, and the absence of this white-haired champion of the Faith, whose sanctity, whose services, and whose sacrifices are part of our colonial Church history, was the one thing which rendered the Council incomplete Illness prevented the Archbishop from attending— indeed, his Grace could not reasonably be expected to undertake the tedious journey to Sydney; but his Grace and the Archdiocese had most excellent representa- tives in the Very Rev. Dr. Corbett, V.F., and the Ven. Archdeacon Slattery, the former receiving the honour of being appointed one of the secretaries of the Council. His Lordship, the Right Rev. Dr. Salvado, Bishop of Port Victoria, Western Australia, did not reach Sydney till Wednesday, but, as his Lordship is little known in Sydney, his absence, on Sunday was not much noticed. The proceedings of the Council commenced on Saturday, morning, at ten o'olock, in the Cardinal's residence, but the business done was strictly private. The public opening on Sunday attracted a great crowd of people from all parts of tbe city and suburbs, and the ceremonies were wanting in none of the spectacular grandeur and artistic picturesqueness which are characteristic of the rubrics and rites of the Catholic Church. It had been arranged that the day's proceedings should commence with a grand procession, and at a quarter-past ten the ranks were formed in the Cathedral grounds. The route of procession was from the Presbytery down St. Mary's-road into Woolloomooloo - street, and thence into College-street, the processionists marching into the Cathedral through the great western entrance. ' 'The children of St. Mary's Girls' School, some, couple of hundred or more, under the charge of Sisters of Charity, walked first, carrying numerous religious banners, the white dresses, wreaths and coloured scarves having a very pleasant and touching effect. The next place in the pro- cession was occupied by the pupils of the Marist Brothers Cathedral School, who mustered to the number of over 200. All the boys wore scarves (some red, others green, others blue), and many of them the badge of the Jnvenile Temperance Association. Several banners were also carried by the boys, who were under the supervision of their teachers, the Marists. The other places in the procession were taken by the Holy Catholic Guild, Holy Family Fraternity, Catholic Total Abstinence Association and Charitable Society of St. Vincent de Paul, all wearing the insignia and regalia of their re- spective societies. The ecclesiastical portion of the procession was formed at the Presby- tery entrance in College- street, before which were standing large groups of citizens, behind whom again were similar groups in Hyde Park, all desirous of seeing the gran- deur. The bishops, dignitaries and clergy followed the societies into the Cathedral in the following order:— The regular clergy of the diocese, with their cross. The processional cross of the Church, borne by a sub-deacon, vested without maniple, followed by the clergy of all orders, dressed in surplice, soutane, and cap. The assistant secretaries of the Council. The president's cross, borne by a subdeacon in vestments, between acolytes. Dignitaries of the seoond order of clergy. Promoters of the Council. Procurators of absent prelates. Provincials of religious orders. Deacon and sub-deacon for the Mass. Mitred abbots, in red cope and linen mitre. Bishops, in the order of promotion, wearing red copes and plain cloth-of-gold mitres, attended by chaplains and mitre-bearers. President's crosier-bearer, in red cope. The president, vested in amice, alb, cincture, pectoral cross, stole, red cope, rich mitre, and pastoral staff, between the assistants in vestments, and followed by his own personal attendants. The clergy in procession. His Eminence Cardinal Moran was attended by the Very.Rev. Dr. Carroll, V.G., Very Rev. Dean M'Carthy, Archpriest Sheehy, Fr. J. Byrne and Fr. Farrelly, all robed in appropriate vestments. A number of acolytes in scarlet and white, two crossbearers and other sanctuary assistants, took part in tbe solemn pageant. Cardinal Moran wore a magnificent crimson silk cope and rich mitre, and, carrying his crozier, he presented an imposing appearance as he orossed the threshold of the sacred edifice. The choir greeted him with the song of honour " Ecce sacerdos magnus" (Behold the great priest). The procession passed up the central aisle of the crowded building to the sanctuary, the vast congregation, of between 4000 and 5000 persons, kneeling to receive his benediction. The masters of ceremonies (Very Rev. Dr. O Haran and Rev. Vincent Dwyer) directed the prelates and clergy to their positions according to rank and dignity; and the whole scene, when all had taken their places, was a remarkably imposing one—the handsome decorations of the sanctuary, tbe brilliancy of the high altar, the richness of the northern window, immediately at. its rear, adding to the picturesqueness of the solemn spectaole. Tbe following is a list of tbe prelates and clergy in their order on the sanctuary:—On the Gospel or throne side: The Right Rev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart; the Right Rev. Dr. Moran, Bishop of Dunedin; the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulburn ; the Right Rev. Dr. Reynolds, Bishop of Adelaide; the Right Rev. Dr. Torreggiani, Bishop of Armidale; the Right Rev. Dr. Dunne, Bishop of Brisbane; the Right Rev. Dr. Moore, Bishop of Ballarat; the Right Rev. Dr. Byrne, Bishop of Bathurst; Archdeacon Slattery, of Melbourne, the Very Rev. Dr. Carroll, V.G:, Sydney; tbe Venerable Archdeacon Rigney, Sydney; the Very Rev. Dr. Sheridan, Sydney; the Very Rev. Fr. Muraire, S. M.; the Very Rev. Dr. Corbett, Melbourne; the Very Rev. Prior Butler, Carmelites, Melbourne ; the Rev. Fr. Hennebry, Hobart; Rev. Fr. English, Maitland; Rev. Fr. Nealon, Maitland ; Very Rev. Fr. Gallagher, Goulburn ; Venerable Archdeacon Russell, V.G., Adelaide; Rev. Fr. Byrne, Adelaide; Rev. Fr. Williams, Adelaide; Rev. Fr. Sauzeau, S.M., Wellington; Very Rev. Dean Doyle, Armidale ; Rev. William Kelly, S.J., of Sydney, representing Rockhampton ; Rev. Fr. O'Callaghan, Brisbane ; Rev. Fr. Evan, Auckland ; Rev, Fr. O'Dowd, Ballarat; Rev. Fr. Herbert, Ballarat; Very Rev. Dean Tierney, Sandhurst; Very Rev. Dr. P. Murphy, of Sydney, representing the vicariate of Northern Queensland. On the Epistle side, the Right Rev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland; the Right Rev. Dr. Griver, Bishop of Perth; the Right Rev. Dr. Redwood, Bishop of Wellington ; the Right Rev. Dr. Cani, Bishop of Rockhampton; the Right Rev. Dr. Luck, O.S.B., Bishop of Auckland ; the Right Rev. Dr. Reville, Coadjutor Bisbop of Sandhurst; the Right Rev. Monsignor Hutchinson, Vicar Apostolic, Northern Queensland; the Venerable Archpriest Sheehy, Sydney: Very Rev. Dean M'Carthy, Sydney ; Very Rev. Fr. Sturzo, S.J., Superior of Jesuits, Melbourne ; Verv Rev. Dean Beechinor, Hobart; Rev. Fr. O'Malley, S.J., Sydney, representing Dunedin, N Z, ; Rev. Fr. Corcoran, Maitland ; Very Rev. Fr. Vaughan, Superior of the Redemptorist's, Maitland ; Very Rev. P. Dunne, Goulburn; Very Rev. Dean Gibney, V.G., Perth; Very Rev. Fr. Herden, S. J., Adelaide ; Rev. Fr. Reshaeur, S.J., Adelaide; Rev Fr. Ahearne, Wellington; Rev. Fr. Gontennoire, S.M., Wellington; Very Rev. Dean O'Connor, Armidale ; Rev. Fr. Comerford, Rockhampton; Rev. Fr. O'Reilly, Brisbane; Very Rev. A. M. Sullivan, O.S.B.; Auckland; Rev. Fr. Delaney. Ballarat; Very Rev. Dr. l)avy, Sandhurst; Venerable Archdeaoon D'Arcy, Bathurst; Rev. Fr.Horan, Bathurst, and Rev. Fr. Bolger, Bathurst. Arobdeaoon Slattery, as the representative of Archbishop Goold, had a place among.the prelates. In addition to the members of the Council, there were present the Very Rev. D. Clancy,. S.J., rector of St. Aloysius' College, the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran, tbe Very Rev. Dean Leonard, the Very Rev. Dean O Connell, the Very Rev. Dean Fanasan, the Very Rev. Dean Kenny. Rev. J. P. Fitzpatrick, Rev. Fr. O'Farell, Rev. Fr. O'Neill, Rev. Fr. Boyle, Rev. Fr Fogarty, Rev. Fr. Coonan, Rev, Vincent Dwyer, the Rev. Fr. Cummings, S.M , and the Rev. Fr Calleray. The Hon. Sir Patrick Jennings, Colonial Secretary, his Honor Mr. Justice Faucett, and the Hon. Thomas Slattery, Minister of Justice, occupied places immediately in front of the sanctuary. After the prescribed hymns and prayers appropriate to the opening of the Council, Pontifical High Mass was commenced. The Cardinal Archbishop was the celebrant of the Mass, assisted by the Rev. Fr. Byrne, deacon, and the Rev. Fr. Farrelly, subdeacon. Archpriest Sheehy was the assistant priest at the throne, and the deacons of the throne were the Very Rev. Dr. Carroll and Very Rev. Dean' M'Carthy, the celebrant, the deacons and assistant priests all wearing rich vesture of red and gold . The Cardinal, in addition to the Mass vestment, wore his scarlet silk soutane and red skull cap, and during the Mass all the prelates wore their copes and mitres. The music of the occasion consisted of Gounod's beautiful " Messe Solennelle," and the " Veni Sancte Spiritus," the latter sung by Mr. Hallewell at the offertory. Gounod's Mass is very devotional and solemn in character, and the effect, when it was sung by a choir of nearly, a hundred voices, was highly impressive. All the Catholic choirs united for the day. Mrs. F. Riley, Madame Merz, Miss Stafford, Mr. Barrett and Mr. Hallewell were the soloists, Mr. Hallewell, also conducting, and Mr. Thomas Banks presiding at the organ. The various portions of the Mass were rendered more than ordinarily impressive by reason of the presence of so many mitred dignitaries, and the congregation, though so crowded, preserved a devotional spirit throughout. THE SERMON. After Mass, tbe Right Rev. Dr. Redwood, S.M., Bishop of Wellington, who was the selected preacher for tbe day, approached the front of the sanctuary, and from the steps addressed the large assemblage. In his purple. robes and pectoral cross his lordship presented a fine appearance, and his graceful gestures during the delivery of his forcible and telling oration added a double charm to his impressive eloquence. 'He was much more successful than most preachers have been in the Cathedral, his clear ringing voice reaching its every corner. The text was, " Behold, I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world."—(Matthew xxviii. 10.) The preacher said:—Venerable fathers, beloved brethren of the clergy and laity—This is indeed a memorable day, and the opening of the first Plenary Council of Sydney is an event in the history of Australasia, the importance and far-reaching effects of which can hardly be overrated. Venerable prelates from every portion of the vast extent of this fifth part of the world have come thousands of miles at the voice of the eminent Cardinal-delegate who presides here to-day; because in that voice they recognise the voice of Peter and of Christ. They have come together with one heart and one soul, intent on the great object of furthering the interests of Holy Church and promoting, the salvation of men. All of us feel this to be a moment of deep solemnity, awful responsibility, and great religious joy. What Catholic could witness to-day's sublime scenes unmoved? And who would not admire the contrast between the state of the Church in these lands now and what it was half a century ago, when only one Vicar-Apostolic ruled the whole of Australia, Tasmania, New Zealand, and Oceanica ; while to-day, amid solemn chants and magnificent ceremonies, we contemplate, in this noble Cathedral, so vast a concourse of faithful, so splendid an array of clergy, secular and regular, so grand an assembly of bishops, representatives of flourishing churches, with a Cardinal Prince of the Church at their head? Can we have stronger motives to be thankful for the pro- gress of the past, or more cheering grounds of hope for the future ? The words of the Royal Prophet rise spontaneously to our lips: " Glorious things are said of thee, O City of God." 'We feel intensely that Christ is with His Church when we behold such a display of her energy and life. Seeking for a theme in harmony with the grandeur and significance of this august occasion, I have determined to take a rapid survey with you of the career of the Catholic Church throughout the chequered course of ages. Her great deeds set forth the divine life which is in her, and among all her achievements none exhibit her vitality, force, and majesty more conspicuously than the glorious line of her Councils. Marvelous creation of God, vast as the firmament, so human mind can take in all her greatness at one view; no words can adequately express her beauty, power, and glory. Jesus Christ is the incarnate Son of God, and the masterwork of the Most High. While on earth He proved His divinity by the fulfilment of the prophecies in His person, by His ; stupendous miracles, by His Resurrection and triumphant Ascen- sion into heaven ; and ever, since. He continuously proves the, same cardinal, truth by His grandest achievement, His ever-living, world-wide, and imperishable representative. —the HOLY CATHOLIC CHURCH. Almighty God, the creator of the world, has so stamped it with His adorable perfections, that right reason, beholding alike in the smallest atom and the universe at large an infinite display of wisdom, power and goodness, concludes that its origin is divine. In like manner Jesus Christ has imprinted on the Church His spiritual and visible creation, certain properties which are essen- tially His own—properties manifested by characteristic notes of marks which allow us to discern the cause by its effect, the worker by his works, and to say with absolute certi- tude: This is the true Church of God. These properties are incomparable order, exhibited by unify; peerless sanctity,- manifested by heroic deeds. and magnificent works, and countless miracles ; the right and force of expansion evinced by Catholicity ; a divine mission proved by Apostolicity ; and, lastly, as a property per- meating and sustaining the rest against the onslaughts of time, destructive of all things : else, indefectibility, manifested by perpetuity. So that we cannot logically say " The Church is the work of Christ," unless we add " Christ is God," and admire the glory of the creation reflected in the Creator. The Church is, so to speak, Jesus Christ Himself ever acting, ever visible inhumanity. The tree of life for mankind, she strikes her roots down through past times, even to the dawn of the world. Like Christ, her founder, she " was yesterday, is to- day, and will be for over:" Christus hodie, heriet in sce'eula. The lamb whose blood taketh away the sins of the world, was slain from the beginning, and tbe effects of the sacrifice destined to be offered on Mount Calvary were applied by anticipation to the first just souls, as they will be applied to the last. Thus the Church has always existed, either prophetic or real; she embraces all ages and comprises the whole life of mankind. Formed in Adam, announced by the Patriarchs, accredited in Abraham, revealed by Moses, prophesied in Isaias, manifested in Jesus Christ, and wedded to Him as His spouse, she is the beginning of all things; she forms the woof of time, and she will see the end of the world. What a consolation for the children of God ! What a conviction of truth, when we ascend from the pontiffs of the new law to Peter, and by those of the old law to Aaron, and thence to the patriarchs and Adam, and from Adam to God. What a sequence ! what a marvellous chain! Verily, the Catholic Church wears on ber beauteous brow the twofold seal of God—like him, she is one and she is eternal. THE APOSTOLIC COMMISSION. How did Christ form and commission her to hold His place, fight His battles, and gain His victories unto the end of time? . He chose twelve apostles, and setting, Peter over them as their superior in, jurisdiction, He made him their centre of unity ; Looking upon him, He said, Thou art Simon, son of Jona, thou shalt be called Cephas, which is interpreted Peter," meaning rock in the Syro-Cbaldaic language then spoken by Christ. A deep purpose is . here indicated. Aa Abram's name was. changed into Abra- ham, that is, father of a multitude, when he was appointed to be the father of the chosen people, so Simon's name was changed into Peter, to show that he was marked out for some special design not yet revealed. That special design was unfolded later on when our Lord, in reward for Simon's profession of faith in His divinity, said to him : " And I say to thee, thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. And I will, give to thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven; and whatsoever thou shalt bind upon earth, shall be bound also in heaven; andwhatsoever thou shalt loose upon earth shall be loosed also in heaven." Here Christ makes him a magnificent promise that he shall one day be the foundation of His Church. On this rock, on Peter, Christ will build His Church, and because she will be built on this rock, the gates of hell shall not prevail against her. She shall be enduring and invincible. Peter is the centre of unity, for Christ's disciples ; Peter is the support of the Church. And the full meaning of his sublime office is brought out in the next clause of the sentence, "And I will give to thee the keys of the kingdom of, heaven." The kingdom of heaven is Christ's customary appellation of His Church. The symbolism of the Keys is most expressive. The giving of the keys of a building, or of a city, indicates the giving of power and control over home or city. Thus,' in the Apocalypse, the Lord speaks of himself as "having the keys of death and of hell;" and, again, as having the key of David ; He that openeth and no man shutteth ; shutteth and no man openeth." - Peter, by receiving the keys, becomes the master, the Prince of the Church ; and to his power no limits are assigned. " Whatsoever tbou shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven ; and what- soever thon shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven." Again, the same pro- mise of supremacy as law-giver, foundation and strength of the Church, is made to him when Christ says to him: " Simon, Simon, behold Satan hath desired to have you that he may sift you as wheat. But I have prayed for thee that thy faith fail not, and thou, being once con- verted, : confirm thy brethren." . Christ addresses, the apostles, Peter included. They are, He tells them, to be sorely tried. ' Satan has sought you (plural pronoun) that he may sift you as wheat. ' How are they to be strengthened? By Christ himself? No. "I have prayed for thee, Simon.' He says, now addressing Simon alone, ' that thy faith fail not, and thou confirm thy brethren." Peter is to be the strengthener, guardian, and support of the other apostles, who again will strengthen the body of his disciples. GROWTH OF THE CHURCH. Now these magnificent promises made to Peter were fulfilled by Christ after His resurrection. The promise of Peter's supremacy was the reward of his faith; the inversion of that supremacy was the reward of his love. " Simon »e8t.)thoni-MW¥ ,:,1 <>tiFi' J Lord thrice said to him, .wds upon his triple protestation of love a triple charge was laid upon him. Feed my lambs, feed my lambs, feed my sheep,' Peter, under Christ, is the supreme shepard, the leader, the protector of the flock, surveyor over lambs and sheep. Here lies the secret of the marvellous unity of the Church—the principle or bond by which it is secured. One apostle, in various ways, is distinguished by Christ from his brethren. He receives a new name; on him the Church is built; he is marked as her support; the keys of the king- dom are bestowed upon him; he is appointed to strengthen the other apostles against the assaults of Satan; he is, because of his charge, the object of Christ's special prayer; he is entrusted with the whole flock, which he is to feed and govern. Here we have the supreme government of the Church, the prince of the kingdom, the ruler of the city, the pastor of the flock. Here we have the chieftain through whom corporate action in the apostolate is possible; here we have the general-in-chief of the great world-wide army of Christ. Having thus built His Church on Peter, the rock, Christ proceeds to appoint the other apostles, under Peter, as teaohers and leaders of the faithful. After His resurrection, for 40 days, He appeared often to them, "speaking to them of the kingdom of God," that is, of His Church; and " He opened their understanding that they might understand the scrip- tures." He promised to give them the Holy Ghost, " the spirit of truth, to abide with them for ever." He told them that the Holy Ghost, whom He would send upon them, " would teach them all things, and bring to their mind all things whatsoever He had said to them." He commanded them to stay in the city of Jerusalem " until they should be endued with power from on high." Then he gave His grand commission : " As the Father hath sent me, I also send you." " All power is given to me in heaven and on earth. Going, therefore, teach ye all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you ; and, behold, I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world." Let no man dispute the authority of your mission ; for it is the same as my own. " As the Father sent me, I also send you." Let no man question your power, for it is mine : " And all power is given to me in heaven and on earth." '' Going, therefore" (a grand conclusion), " teach ye all nations." . . . " Preach the gospel to every creature." It is a solemn and strict command I give. On your peril you cannot shirk it. " Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you." Teaching them not to pick and choose, not to observe this or that portion of my creed and my laws, but the whole of them. " All things whatsoever I have commanded you." And, that men may not say that you fail in the first century, or the fifth, or the 16th, or the 19th, or any other century, " behold I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world." Empowered with this sublime and everlasting commission, the apostles, after witnessing, together with a crowd of disciples, the glorious ascension of their Lord, remained in Jerusalem, according to His injunction, awaiting, in holy prayer and meditation, with Mary His mother, and His other disciples, the coming of the Holy Ghost. Ten days after, when they were all together in one place, " Suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a mighty wind coming, and it filled the whole house where they were sitting. And there appeared to them parted tongues, as it were of fire, and it sat upon every one of them, and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and they began to speak with divers tongues, according as the Holy Ghost gave them to speak." What a day ! What a glorious era, unparalleled in the history of the Church ! The bride of Christ goes forth in all the vigour of youth and the splendour of divine beauty, complete in all parts and worthy of incarnate Wisdom, like her divine Master, "full of grace and truth," armed at all points in the panoply of heaven, one in Christ her founder, one in Peter her foundation, one in the apostles and their successors, commissioned under Peter and his successors to teach mankind unto the end of time. The news of the great Pentecostal event spread like a conflagration through the city of Jerusalem. Crowds of men from every nation under heaven rushed together, amazed and wondering, " because every man heard the apostles speaking in his own tongue," Peter, the first here and everywhere else, addresses the awestricken multitude. He, who once trembled and denied his Master at the voice of a handmaid, now fearlessly proclaims His resurrection and announces that He is the only Saviour of the world. New, indeed, as his Lord foretold, a matchless fisher of men, he throws his net, and 3000 souls are his capture. A second cast on another day brings in 5000 more. Meanwhile the other apostles are not idle, but are rapidly swelling the ranks of the Christian army. Heirs of the power of that omnipotent Lord, they work the most astonishing miracles, as when Peter cured the poor cripple at the Temple gate—" Silver and gold I have none, but what I have I give thee ; in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, arise and walk." And the man was cured upon the spot, and, leaping up, he walked and bounded to the Temple praising God. The people are overjoyed, and flock to the standard of Christ. In vain are the apostles arrested and scourged and commanded to cease preaching in the name of Jesus. The more boldly do they proclaim Him to be the "corner-stone," the only Saviour of men ; and they go forth rejoicing , that they were accounted worthy to suffer reproach for the name of Jesus. PERSECUTION OF APOSTLES. So the Church grew and spread with amazing rapidity throughout Judea and Samaria, until a fierce persecution scattered the apostles among the nations. Then she engaged in a terrible conflict with the idolatry, pride, passion and power of the vast Roman Empire. She came to the foot of the Capitol; she met the people coming from the cruel circus ; she preached charity to barbarous men and women who had just been applauding tigers and panthers gorged with the quivering flesh of gladiators; she preached purity to human monsters that the mere representation of vices was unable to satisfy, and that required to see them in action on the stage ashamed of its own abominations. She approached the rich, whose morals, parties, banquets, spectacles, were the horror of nature, and she announced to them that it is harder for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven than " for a camel to pass through the eye of the needle." She sat beneath the chair of the conceited philosophers who had busied themselves in gathering into the eclectic school of Alexandria all the errors of the old world—that is, the maxims of pride, pleasure and selfish interest—and she said to them, " Cease your vain labours ; now you must believe what you cannot understand—what is too grand for your weak reason—the Trinity, the Incarnation, the Redemption; you must crucify your flesh, and bend the knee before the crucified Jew." She penetrated into the palace of the Caesars, trampled on their altars, degraded them from the rank of gods, which they had proudly usurped, and told them they must die. They answered with concentrated rage, " Not we, but you shall die, ye base sectaries of a vile superstition." " Die you shall," answered the unanimous voice of slaves, people, rich men, philosophers, and emperors. Mind and force were both leagued against the society of the saints. Celsus and Porphyry attack the Church in the name of philosophy and criticism. Tacitus brands her in the name of history as the enemy of the human race. Pliny wields the sword to slay her, and the pen to defend his dealings with her in the eyes of Trajan, his master. But Trajans are Neroes in regard to the Church. The literature which stigmatises her is only the expression of the society which condemns her. For three centuries her blood flowed in torrents. The Roman Empire strove to drown her in her own blood. She was pursued in town, country, and desert; she hid herself in the gloom of the catacombs. All the woes of the Empire were laid to her charge. If an earthquake occurred, if the lightning smote a temple or a theatre, the cry was, " The Christians to the lions," and frightful tortures followed. Nay, Christians were commonly known by the instruments of their torments—men called them " wretches of the rack, or the gibbet, or the pile" (Tertullian). Neither age, nor sex, nor rank, nor services to the commonwealth, found mercy before the tyrant. Twelve millions of Christians are said, on good authority, to have died for their faith during the ten chief persecutions in the space of three hundred years. At length the victory of heathenism seemed secure. The Emperor Diocletian had medals struck and pillars erected with this inscription, Christiano nomine deleto — " The Christian name abolished." Vain illusion ! Absurd flattery! Why, it is Paganism which falls and Christianity that triumphs. Ten years after Diocletian's miserable death, the Church rose triumphant from the catacombs, and, in the person of Constantine, her noble brow graced with wounds and victories, took her seat on the throne of the converted Caesars. Paganism never recovered from this overthrow. Later on, under Julian the Apostate, it made the last desperate effort, and that, too, in the name of science, as our modern Julian's are doing by their secular education, though differently. Observing that the Church had ever grown by persecution and bloodshed, Julian resolved to destroy her by intellectual starvation. He forbade the Christians to teach ; he forbade them to learn; he closed against them the Imperial schools and every important charge in the Empire. Lucian scoffed at them in his dialogues and Julian in his letters. " Let them have," he would jeeringly say, " for their historians, poets, and orators, their Matthew, their John, their Luke, and their Paul." He applauded the apparent success of his crafty wickedness. VICTORY OF CHRISTIANITY. One day, seeing a Christian solitary digging his garden, he said to him, in a tone of boastful insult, " Well, what is the Galilean doing now ?" " He is digging a grave," calmly replied the brave Christian. It was Julian's grave he alluded to. A few months after the Apostate died, at the very time when he expected certain victory, pierced with an arrow in a sudden attack before he could don his armour. Some writers relate that in rage and despair he hurled his blood against heaven, and expired saying, " Galilean, thou hast conquered." Admirable providence of God ! In the very days when Julian planned the destruction of the Church by ignorance, God raised up some of the greatest geniuses that ever honoured mankind—the Augustine, the Jeromes, the Basils, the Ambroses and a host of others—who glorified in concert the Greek and Latin church, and enriched the world with immortal masterpieces of poetry, history, and eloquence. Under the name of " Fathers of the Church," they hold the first place in the veneration of ages, and extort respect from the most sceptic. They had a formidable task before them—the transformation of that society enervated by three centuries of slavery, and gangrened with every refinement of corruption. They poured over the east and the west the light of the true and the beautiful. A hundred years after the peace of the Church, they had covered the world with good works and splendid writings; they had created an asylum, for every pain, a protection for every weakness, a patrimony for every misfortune, lessons and examples for every truth and virtue. Yet, even they were powerless, on their own admission, to transform the pagan world. The political victory of Christianity, far from affording the definite triumph of Christian principles in society, had provoked the recrudescence of every vice which faith sought to destroy. Constantine and his successors were baptised ; but the Empire and the Imperial power were not. From protectors of the Church, the emperors aspired to be her oracles and masters. Foiled in their attempt, they persecuted, in the name of Arius and other heretics, as their predecessors had done for the sake of Jove and Venus. So fierce was the persecution of Catholics in favour of Arianism, by the Emperors Constantius and Valens, that it was deemed a prelude of the persecution of Antichrist. Every heresiarch found an auxiliary on the Imperial throne : After Arius, Nestorius; after Nestorius, Eutyches—on we march from persecution to persecution, not at the hands of heathens, but of spurious Christians. Never did the Church pass through a more cruel ordeal; never was she nearer the precipice from which she is always rescued by the promised power of God. More deplorable still was the state of civil society. Outwardly Christian, it was inwardly Pagan to the core; Pagan in its institutions, laws, and manners; Pagan in its unspeakable corruption; Pagan in its learned, fiscal, all-pervading, all-crushing despotism. Then glory, genius, virtue, courage, liberty, whatever honours life and manhood, were found wellnigh exclusively in the Catholic Churoh. She struggled on for the salvation of souls and the victory of truth ; but such despotism and corruption were past remedy ; the old Pagan world was in its death agony. The Empire was slowly sinking in a sea of degradation and contempt. In the spiritual order, it was hastening on to that schism which, under the Caesars of Byzantium, was to sever from unity and truth more than half the world converted by the apostles. In the temporal order, it was fast tending to that regime of the lower empire whose very name is an insult and an ignominy. The Roman Empire was doomed to be swept away by the providental invasion of the barbarians. Once obscure victims and despised prisoners of the early Caesars, then their auxiliaries, alternately sought and dreaded; lastly the victors and ruthless masters of the degraded empire, they poured in from all directions, not like a passing torrent, but a resistless rising tide, advancing, receding, and finally possessing the land. Wave after wave rolled on, merging alike what was fair and foul in the civilised world. They descended the valley of the Danube on the way to Byzantium and Asia Minor. They scale the Alps and rush down on Italy. They cross the Rhine, climb the Vosges, the Cevennes, the Pyrenees, inundate Gaul and Spain. The Orient hopes to escape them. Vain illusion! They invade it from the heights of Caucasus. The northern wolves (as St. Jerome calls them), reeking with human blood, slake, their fiery thirst in the waters of the Euphrates. Egypt, Phoenicia, Palestine, though unvisited in their first invasions, are already their captives by fear. They are not one people like the Romans, but twenty independent races. They feel themselves impelled by an invincible instinct, and they bear in their bosoms the destiny and institutions of future Christendom, They have, meanwhile, one common instinct—the instinct of destruction. Genseric is embarking,. "Master, to what nations are you now carrying war ?" " To those on whom God's wrath is kindled." Alaric is stopped by a hermit. " Let me go," he says, " a stronger than I urges me on to the sack of Rome." " But you will have to fight a multitude driven to desperation." " The thicker the grass, the easier to mow," he replies. Attila boasts no fear, save the falling of the heavens on his head; Attila says of himself, " The star falls, the earth trembles; I am the scourge of God." Visible instruments of Divine justice, they unconsciously avenge oppressed nations and martyred saints. They destroy but to replace ; they shed blood—but mostly blood unfit for life— they renew with their own blood the exhausted sap of Europe. These wild destroyers of a civilisation which they could neither understand nor imitate now stood face to face with a still more strange and mysterious force —the philosophy of love, the Holy Catholic Church. OVERTHROW OF BARBARISM. Who will discipline those untamed races ? Who will train them to the arts of life and government ? Who will teach them to found kingdoms and societies? Who will soften them without enervation? Who will preserve them from contagion, and see that they do not rot before they are ripe ? The Catholic Church, but the church by her schools and chiefly by her monks. They were there by the hand of God to meet the terrible emergency ; they spread noiselessly through the empire, and when the barbarians came, they were there to encounter them; and out of their noble but savage elements they created the family of Christian nations, the great and glorious fabric of Christendom. We are the result of their prayer, teaching, and labours ; and whenever our eye meets the steeple of a Catholic Church, let us remember that Europe owes its superior and progressive civilisation mainly to the Catholic Church - the Catholic Church with her Pope, her bishops and priests, her monks and nuns her preaching her sacrament, her grand ritual and most of all her captivating example. A Pope sent Augustine to England, and Patrick to Ireland, Boniface to Germany, and a host of other apostles to the different nations of Europe, which thus received the Faith, and with it, the principles of Christian civilisation. So the church overcame barbarism. But another force attacked her - a force aided by all the seductions of the mind and the flesh. At the beginning of the 7th century, a man arose in Arabia from the midst of his tribe, and was indignant at seeing 360 idols in the temples of his ancestors. Forming a religion which is a strange but attractive medley of Judaism, Christianity, and Paganism, Mahomet fascinated the tribes of Arabia, and appealed to the sword for supremacy of doctrine. With the scimitar in one hand and the Koran in the other, he said : "God is God, and Mahomet is His prophet." He kindled in the hearts of his followers the fire of conquest. Asia Minor, Africa, Spain became his prey. Sicily fell. Italy was threatened, the Pyrenees were crossed, the Loire, the Rhone, and the Garonne were startled by the Arabian warhorses dashing through their stream. Darkness and error spread their veil over many a fair land. Mahomet and his successors aspired to conquer the world : but the Catholic Church, by the hand of Charles Martel - the hammer \- arrested their career at Poitiers, as later on she did at Grenada, Lepaute, and Navarino, raising eight times the Christian sword against Islamism, in the crusades, and this broke the power of the crescent. Century after century the Popes saved Europe from the Mussulman and Turkish yoke, so that, as Cardinal Newman truly says, "There is no man in Europe who now talks bravely against the Pope, but owes it to the Pope that he can talk at all." Without the Pope, Europe at this day would be in the hands of the Turk, and her boasted civilisation a failure and a dream. I wish I had time to dwell on the glorious triumphs of the Church under Charlemagne, on that memorable day when, kneeling on the steps of St. Peter's with the diadem on his head and the Gospel in his hands, at the feet of Leo III., who had just crowned him emperor, he took the solemn oath to protect and defend the Holy Roman Church with all the might of his victorious arm. On that day, we may venture to assert, the ancient world ceased to be and the modern world began. How many other persecutions by sword and tongue I might enumerate! How the Church struggled under Pope Gregory VII. for her liberty, for the holiness of her priesthood, and the sanctity of Christian matrimony ! Her great champion closed his immortal career under a dark cloud of mourning and sorrow, saying, "I have loved justice and hated iniquity, therefore I die in exile." He died, but his work lived, and his sacred cause soon after triumphed. The priesthood was reformed, simony almost disappeared, the Empire renounced the Investiture, the Crusades began, and a new spirit stirred the heart of Christendom. Then how dark were some of the days of the Church's conflict with proud, headstrong, unscrupulous and turbulent emperors, with Frederick Barbarossa and Frederic II. Darker still were 40 years of the great schism of the West ; yet after the storm came the calm, with sunshine and victory. Again, what a fearful storm burst upon her at the beginning of the 16th century! Never did the barque of St. Peter weather a more terrific gale. Thousands and millions of her children were torn from her bosom; England, Scotland, Denmmrk, a great part of Germany, Norway, and Sweden were cast into the vortex of heresy; France, Germany, England, and other countries were wasted with fire and sword; half Europe became a sea of blood for a whole century. Did the Church perish ? No. God raised up apostles equal to the crisis. Ignatius founded an Order of men able by their learning, discipline, and devotion to stem the tide of heresy; Xavier converted millions of souls in the Indies ; an army of noble saints in every line brought comfort and victory to the| Bride of Christ. The great Council of Trent defined most luminously the disputed points of Catholic doctrine, reformed abuses, restored discipline, created seminaries, and imparted invigorated life to the whole frame of Catholicity. So that now the Church numbers more faithful in her pale that she did before that lamentable period misnamed the Reformation. I pass over the subtle and perfidious attack of the Jansenists, and the scoffing Philosophists with Voltaire at their head, and the terrific hurricane of the French Revolution— all of which, however, the Church survived —and I come at once to our own day. Look at Germany. She had overthrown Austria in a few days; in a few weeks she had brought one of the strongest nations of Europe, unhappy France, to the lowest, depth of humiliating and hopeless defeat. Elated with pride, she lifted her victorious and hitherto invincible arm against the ark of God, the Catholic Church. There she found, her match. After a battle of over 10 years, she has had to lower her proud flag. In vain Bismarck boasted that he would never go to Canossa—alluding to the penance of a German Emperor of old— yet to Canossa he has gone in another way ; he has had to come to terms with the Catholic Church. For she is that kingdom foretold by the prophet, " which shall not be left to other people, but shall break in pieces and shall consume all those kingdoms, and shall stand for ever." Yes, the Catholic Church is indestructible, and therefore divine and eternal. You might as well try to pull down the sun from the vault of heaven as to extinguish the bright light of the Catholic Church on earth. Clouds may indeed gather for awhile before the sun's disc, but there the sun is still as bright as ever ; so the clouds of persecution and prejudice may cover for a time the fair form of the Catholic Church, but the eye of faith penetrates the dark clouds, and assures us that, though partially concealed she is still there. The clouds shall pass away, and the sun beam forth again more brilliant and cheering than ever. He who said, " Heaven and earth shall pass away, but My word shall not pass away," also pronounced that " the gates of hell should not prevail against her," and that He " would be with her all days even to the consummation of the world." He is with her most prominently in our day; with her in her world-wide conflict with the godless system of secular education; with her in the wonderful return of Catholic faith to England, in that "second spring" which brought joy to all Christendom; with her in her marvellous expansion throughout North America, and the whole of Australasia, not to mention other lands. He is with us here to-day, and we may ask ourselves what is the deep significance of this great event, which dates & new era for the Australasian Church? MEANING OF THE COUNCIL. What does this council mean ? It means that an hour which the founders of that Church longed to see has come. They saw it not while they toiled on on earth so long sad so well; they witness it from their heavenly thrones. O Polding, O Vaughan, how you would have rejoiced to see this day and behold its solemn and impressive grandeur! They and many more have passed away to the reward of their labours ; and still they are with us, with us in the blessed communion of God's Church, with us by their words, examples, and good works. It means a more perfect and fertile organisation of the Australasian Church. It means the restoration, the sanction, and the uniformity of the discipline, which is the soul of pastoral solicitude. It means an episcopacy and a clergy more deeply imbued with the wisdom of the sovereign pontiffs, of the fathers, and the councils; for " in the multitude of counsel there is wisdom." It means a greater unity of action in ecclesiastical government and missionary zeal, which is the secret of all strength. It means the proclaiming of faith as already settled and defined, with the condemnation of the current errors of the day. It means the recommendation of new sees to be created, and a widened sphere of normal church action. It means the adoption of such fruitful means as may seem best calculated to increase the power and quicken the zeal of our people. It means the saving of our children from the poisonous and deadly influence of secular and godless education. It means a holier and happier clergy, a more devout laity, and a greater harvest of souls. Councils are of apostolic origin, resting on principles plainly declared in the Gospel and practised by the apostles. Venerable in authority, strong in influence, fruitful of order, they have heaven's special blessing. " Where there are two or three gathered together in My name, there am I in the midst of them," says our Lord ; and the General Council of Calcedon and other great councils have pointed out the especial application of this divine promise to the synods of the Church. We are gathered together here in the name of Christ, because we come together in communion with His personal representatives, with the Supreme Vicar upon earth. Divine assistance is promised to us, and this it is which makes the union of bishops in their synodal order so fertilising to the Church. Enlightened by their common counsel, helped by the learning of experienced advisers, the assembled bishops become a centre and focus of the most vivid illumination of truth. Their joint action, and the genuine candour with which they listen to the suggestions of the second order of the clergy, and their combined decisions, give to their legislation, when approved by the Holy See, a weight and authority far beyond that of any single prelate, however eminent. Called together by the obedience which we swore at our consecrations, the Holy Spirit will dwell in our midst, shedding light and strength on our deliberations, and holding us together in the bond of charity and peace. Confident of His assistance, we repeat this prayer: 'We are here, O Lord Holy Spirit, we are here in Thy presence; detained, it is true, in the exeeedingness of our sins, yet specially gathered together in Thy name. Do Thou come unto as; do Thou be present with us ; do Thou vouchsafe to descend into our hearts. Teach us what we must do; show us the way in which we should walk ; work Thou the work we are to bring about. Do Thou suggest, do Thou accomplish our judgments, who alone with the Father and the Son, dost possess the glorious name. Join us efficaciously to Thy gift of grace alone, that we may be one in Thee, and may in nothing swerve from the truth; that being gathered together in Thy name we may in all things hold fast to justice tempered with piety, so that here our judgment may in nothing contend with Thee, and hereafter we may obtain the eternal reward for what we have well done." We also invoke the assistance of the all-powerful intercession of the Immaculate Virgin Mother of God, that she whom the Church styles the " seat of wisdom " may obtain for us from her beloved Son, our Lord and Saviour, a share in His wisdom for the government of His Church, for the spread of His holy faith and law, and for the salvation of innumerable souls purchased by His Precious Blood. Amen, Amen. CONCLUDING CEREMONIES. Cardinal Moran, who had retired immediately after the Mass, now returned to the sanctuary and took up his position, as president of the Council, between the two rows of bishops, immediately in front of the high altar. Several psalms and prayers were recited, and all the members of the Council joined in singing "The Litany of the Saints." The Profession of Faith was solemnly made, and the chant of "Veni Creator Spiritus " followed. The imposing ceremonies were concluded by his Eminence pronouncing from his throne the Pontifical Benediction. While the ecclesiastic procession was being re- formed for the purpose of leaving the Cathedral the choir burst forth in the Hallelujah Chorus from "Messiah." And while this majestic music filled the building the long train of ecclesiastics— priests and prelates and prince of the Church —passed into the vestry. All the prelates and dignitaries who had assisted at the ceremonies were entertained at dinner by the cardinal, who is to dispense similar hospitality while the Council lasts. CONGRATULATORY MESSAGES. Just before the close of the ceremonies in the Cathedral his Eminence read a cablegram from the Holy Father conferring his blessing on the synod. The texts of Cardinal Moran's cablegram to his Holiness and the reply are as follow: — " Cardinalis Moran, Archiepiscopus Sydneyensis, et ceteri Australiensis, ecclesiae, Episcopi primum pleniarum provinciarum Australiensium concilium, inchoantes apostolicam benedictionem pro se et cunctis synodalibus et tota Australiensi ecclcsia, humillime flagitant divinaegratiae et omnium celestium, charismatum auspicem."—" Cardinal Moran Archbishop of Sydney, and the other bishops of the Australian Church, entering upon the first Plenary Council of the Australian provinces, most humbly beg for themselves, for all the members of the synod, and for the whole Australian Church, the Apostolic Benediction as a pledge of divine grace and all heavenly gifts." From Cardinal Moran, Archbishop of Sydney, President of the Plenary Council, to his Eminence Cardinal Jacobini, Secretary of State of his Holiness Leo XIII., at the Vatican, Rome. Telegram from Rome, addressed to Cardinal Moran, Sydney, Australia: — " Soramus Pontifex gratulatur ac petitam benedictionem peramenter impertit."—" The Supreme Pontiff felicitates you and lovingly grants you the benediotion prayed for.—L. Cardinal Jacobini." In the evening at Vespers the Cathedral was again crowded. The Very Rev. Fr. O'Callaghan, of the Vincentian Order, who arrived lately with Cardinal Moran from Ireland, opened a mission for the parishioners of St. Mary's. The mission is to last till the close of the Council. Fr. O'Callaghan delivered a very impressive discourse, and Pontifical Benediction followed, the Cardinal being assisted by the Rev. Frs. Byrne and O'Connor. [Br ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] (From our Special Correspondent.) SYDNEY, Wednesday Night. The deep interest taken in the proceedings of the Plenary Council has rather increased than abated, and Catholics are watchful not to miss attending any function in the Cathedral in which the prelates and other members of the Council take part. It is also evident, though not avowed, that the Protestant community attach much significance to the deliberations of this august assemblage of distinguished ecclesiastics. The general impression in all circles is that the Council is an unexpected manifestation of strength and influence on the part of the Church in this Hemisphere. Monday and Tuesday were occupied by the sittings of five committees, over each of which a bishop presides. The questions of central authority, faith, discipline, Sacraments, and education have been remitted to them respectively for their consideration. The discussions in committee are, of course, private, and the Council will receive the reports when sitting with closed doors. The bishops officiate each evening at Benediction of the Most Holy Sacrament, and there is a crowded congregation in each instance. The grand and solemn spectacle is, no doubt, the attraction with many, but it is very apparent, nevertheless, that the assembling of the Council, and the solemnity of the functions coram publico, have stimulated piety. The Cathedral was crowded this morning, when all the bishops, including the Right Rev. Dr. Salvado, attended Pontifical High Mass, which was sung by the Rev. Dr. Reynolds. His Eminence the Cardinal presided, and the music was rendered by a full choir. The prelates occupied the same places as on Sunday, and their chaplains a row of seats immediately behind their lordships. The pontificating Bishop's full, mellow voice sounded grandly and solemnly through the Cathedral as he sang High Mass, which was in honour of the Blessed Virgin. At the conclusion of the august function the ceremony of unveiling the memorial window took place. The celebration of the day was in reality a double one, for besides the unveiling of the window, the northern gable, with its graceful statuary and finals, had been finished just before the opening of the Council, and this being the first portion of the Cathedral that has been perfectly completed, the event was both important and interesting. A procession of acolytes, priests, and bishops was next formed in the Sanctuary, the Cardinal being magnificently robed in white cope, and mitre resplendent with gold and jewels. Fr. Egan, in benedictine monastic dress, led the procession around the sanctuary to the rear of the high altar, acolytes and clergy the while chantng the Litany of the Blessed Virgin. All the prelates then arranged themselves in front of Our Lady's Altar under the magnificent memorial window, which, with its hundred colours radiant in the glow of the noonday sun, presented a spectacle of enchanting beauty. After the solemn blessing of the window by his Eminence the Cardinal the Magnificat was intoned, and a beautiful hymn was sung. The procession then returned to the sanctuary. The Cardinal and prelates having resumed their places, the Rev. Fr. Cahill, S.J., ascended the pulpit and delivered an eloquent and impressive discourse, in which he touchingly alluded to the late Archbishop, and dwelt on the life and labours of Dr. Vaughan in terms of the highest encomium. The preacher's peroration was instinct with religious fervour, and truly eloquent. After the sermon the deliberations of the Council were resumed, the bishops wearing purple robes, red capes, and gold mitres. To-morrow all the prelates will assist at the ceremony of blessing the foundation-stone of St. Patrick's Ecclesiastical Seminary at Manly, which is to cost £60,000. \-------------------------------------------------------- 