jMoyelfet _ DAN LYONS' DOOM. By WAIF WANDEE. CHAPTEB T.— (Oontisdbd.) 'My God I' murmured that wretohed being, as he got np and went away past the growling dog, ' Borely my punishment is too great I' The children both lose ana Blood looking after the priest's retreating form. Neither of them had heard his despairing ejaculation, but they, could see from the unfortunate being's gestures that he was in great pain of some kind. 'He mast be very ill,' the gentle little girlsaid. 'Is that a clergyman?' asked Daniel, n*wu ci ueikv/ UTOWU DT« O1B UUC, HDU /Ol- Rngry eyes. 'I think so. He is railed Father James, yon know Daniel, and don't yon see his dress fV ' I know nothing about his dre«8 ; I never aaw a priest before, but I know one thing, and that is that whoever that man is he is a bad one.' 'Oh dear, how oan you tell? he was a . little rnde I think, but he looks ill, and sioknees makes people short-tempered, mama ?ays.' ,_ . They resumed their work on the grave, .and were silent for some moments, and 'it was Daniel who broke the silenoe by the abrupt question. ' Resignation, did you ever see a pioture of Dan Lyons?' . 'Oh 'no I why do you ask that?' the child asked, as ahe again lifted her eyeswid tested them on the bpy'a face. 'Beoansel thonldliketo know exactly what be was like ; JOU .know something about it, don't you ? .' I've often asked mother' to describe him to ? . me, bat ehe only turns her face away from me when I do. What was he like Eeeigna tlon? What kind of face had he?' « Mama has told me,' was the reply in a low voice, as the little girl, glanced around 1 witha shudder;.' and I often dream that I am looking in his bad face. He was a tall, stout .man, with a fat, red faoe, and great coarse, hands and' feet. He used to drink awfully too, and was always bad, even before he killed my poor, darling papa.' 'Of course he was,' Daniel observed de eidedly/'aDd Dan Lyons was big and fat— ' eh?' 'Tea.' ' I wonder what became of him ; the police never got on his track.' ' Oh no, I hope he ia dead.-' ' I hope he is not I I hope I shall see him die by inches 1 ' Kesignation shook her head. Daniel's face was flushed with passion, hie hands, were olenohed, and his grand dark eyes seemed to scintillate. 'It is so strange that yon should feel it bo,' the girl declared, ' Mama often remarks that if it had been your own father who was killed you could not have hated bis murderer more.' 'That'is true, I could not.' Again there was a short silenoe, ? again broken by the lad. 'Eesignation tell me about a sensitive plant; what is if?' 'A, sensitive plant I Oh, it is a plant Those leaves Bhrink and dose at the slightest touoh. Why, Daniel?'' 'I wish, we could get one and plant 'it here,' replied the boy, laying his hand just over -where the heart of the dead man had onoe tested, 'and then it Dan Lyons darei to put his toot near this, the leaves would tell as.' 11 I'm afraid they could not do that, Daniel,' Besignation said with a little sigh, ' but God will tell us, someday.' 'Aye, ohiia, God will tell you some day, -' but it jrill be so near the moment when you ?hall iee'your father's (ace 'for the .first time ' that' the horror of the knowledge shall be overwhelmed lor ever in Hie Brightness ol an everlastbig heaven.' .' AridthatWretohediMing, Who had ruahei twaytrom .the grave, with bis 'hands olenohed and an awful horror in his eyes, opened the gate .and went outride .the ienoe of the en dosnreV 'Whlre' Who going? He did not Imoifhimsdf at the moment ; anywhere, any where sway from the preaehoe -of those ohfl dren, anu the vjoinlty pi that grave. He sat flown when he had gone a little way. down the hillside, and 'bent his white faoe into his hands i-tnt that aid not bide from his hiaae'n ?eyest-bsistaiingJ)Iaok letters on the white steneV-' Vengeinbe Is Ifine ? I vrill repay, saith the' Lori.*1 ' There' was the rustle of leaves and grass around him, and the twitter of birds over his head, hut he beard only the words' Besignation St. Herrick had repeated as her mother's: ' As'iurely as' GodVeun chines in the sky, God's vengeance will over take IJsVLyons, the murderer.' '. '. , Father James sat therefor some time, an then he suddenly lifted^ head and looked np at the ''pore, pale-blue, sun -flooded sky above him, Wu he thinking of the Great First Cause,- whose dwelling our human veneration located high above (he olbndt, whether .they - float above the far. East \- or the far West ; the icy North oi the frozen South? Was be doubting the possibility of 6 prayer reaching the foot o the Great White Throne through that peDuoia ether that was as trass to the prayers of the nnrepentaht^rinnert Who may tell? But he got up as suddenly as hehed«saWdhim eell, «nd uraTned'a little flask h* had inhU pocket en he went on his way with '» deter '^muttered to himself as he went, strange words that but hinted wildly at the secret h( \- carried* ' ' ?'..'' ? - ?? I win be ii o6*aru too longer ? it ;ifl th- .ftfly chance or hope,' wereiSome o£ the won that dropped torn his pale, orawnlips. *i] haveoomeaU these tailes to doit.andnoT JhaWamhereldreaato^^-Noimnsti the is but a woman after all, and if sbedenisi me I cannot be worse than lam.' : It was toward a pretty cottage atthe yeq outskirts of the township that his steps wen tamed. It lay in the midst of encircling verdure, and faced the creek. When one erosseathe little bridge that crossed Boban Greek they stood at the gate of the oottage, on the very threshold, as it were, of the garden in front of it. . This oottage was the one Mr. Pollard had built for the widow of Colonel St. Herriok, and he had done all that was possible to give brightness to the home of the poor lady whom aU pitied ; but he had failed. How is it that there is a something always visible in even the outside of a house to hint at the feelings indnlged by those who inhabit it ? The garden of the cottage was neatly kept, f or Besignation and her rough friend Daniel Griffiths spent much of their time in it, but the very flowers were chosen for their sub dued tints. There were no flaunting oolors there among the green freshness. Perhaps the principal reason that glaring and gaudy colors were avoided was the fact that every, thing at the cottage was cultivated with the one idea that at^ome time or other, in blossom or plant; must goto decorate that sacred grave of the husband ana father. In no garden round Marrangn were seen such lovely white and yellow and pale blush roses. May and jasmine and honeysaokle, and* great pale passion-flowers made beautiful the trellis work of the summer-house and drooped from the verandah. In their season tall, white Easter lilies stood sentinel over the beds as did that white stone in the cemetery over the breast of the murdered man, and the Gnelder roses, big balls of clustering blossom, floated in a sea of green leaves near the pale nloBsom ing lilac Into this garden of pale, pure flowers stepped that black-robed man with the hollow eyes that we know as Father James. If his heart beat hard and painf ally there -was no outward evidence of it as he knocked at the door under the shadowed verandah. There was no sound to tell of life in that still house. The windows in front were hung with dark colors, and there was no floating-breeze-' blown lace to give lightness and grace to the rooms within. When Mrs. Bt. Herrick's great trouble fell upon her life she aooepted it as fnll and complete, as though no sun ever shone on God's other gifts, at least, for her. When she opened the door to that knook, Father James's eyes rested on a woman as whtte- feoed as himself, and with, robes as hopelessly black. Bhe -was young, at least comparatively bo, thirty-two or Hires years old perhaps, and Bhe might have been beautiful once, but in her features there was no trace of gentle Resigna tion's sweet features or expression. - Mrs. St. Herriok's hair was dark and her eyes grey, bat every feature was hard and oold 'ana bitter, for she had never forgiven Fate for the cruel blow that had stricken her life's idol from her eide. If I dared to say it I would hint thai Bhe had never forgiven the God who had afllioted her, and yet, strange anomaly, she had borne sweet, patient Besignation St. Herrick. When she stood before the man it was with a hard questioning faoe that 6Ud not ohange until she graspedhis errand; ' I am Father James Brady, the new tenant of St. Herriok's, and have some business with Mrs. Bt. Herrick.' 'I am ahe,' was the reply; bat she made no movement to admit him. . , . . ' I have oome on an errand of euoh moment that I am sure I need not apologise for re-, questing an interview. I have come to yon at the request of that unhappy man, Dan jyons.' ' What?' 'It is true, madam; I have oome bom him.' 11 Oh, heaven 1 has the time come at last 1 Shall I see my darling avenged at last, at last t' . She had seized bis arm with no gentle hand, and was dragging the priest into the sitting-room while she was speaking. 'He has been caught? He has given him self up? He has confessed? He is con demned? He will die? Come in and tell me all— all I' He fell rather than Bat down upon a chair rear the door, and lifted his hat for a moment, only however as it to relieve himself of an in tolerable burden for one moment, for he re placed it inBtantly. Mrs. Bt. Herriok had, lowever, seen the tonsure, and it wbb to her a confirmation of her dearest hopes. 'Tea, yon area priest,' she added excitedly, 'yon have seen the monster, and he has con fessed to you, and you bring me the glorious tidings.' ' It is a mistake,' the visitor replied in a low tone, as his eyes remained riveted on the carpet at his feet. ' It is true that Dan Lyons has confessed to me, bat he is far away in another land, and is not a prisoner.' 'Not a prisoner I You know of his crime, yet the murderer is free. Ton then are an accomplice— a villain of as deep a dye as Ban the aooursed himself I ' 'I am .a priest,' the man replied, in a voice that trembled in spite of him, ' and I received the confession of the man under the sacred seal of the oonteBsional. lam here with (he words that unhappy man has pat in my mouth to speak to yon. Will you isten to them ? ' ' Yes, I will listen.' Mrs. St. Herrioks eat down opposite Father James with her eyes fall of the strong deter mination that was « prominent point in her character, and her heart was beating with a wild hope. Oh yes, ahe would listen, and with suoh-aoute ears that not one due that might trap the spiller cf blood should esoape them I 'I must tell you his story-tell it to you from the moment when be fled from Mar ranga.' , . , . ' From the moment that he knew my poor husband had written, denouncing him with fingers that wereT8tiffening In darkness and death! Goonl' ? ? ; 'Well, he flea. He had means, for in the very instant the falling earth in the claim ehnt in St. Horriok!s faea, he saw gold in ebining pieces in the son around him, and secured enough. to take him faraway from the soene of his orime,, nor was it exhausted when he came, a repentant man, to the monastery of whose order I was a brother. '- Where was it?' the widow asked, as her breath came thick, . ; ? . ' It does not matter. It was on the Con tinent; and Dan Lyons gave the brothers his gold, and became one of the brotherhooi For yean he lived an incarcerated and self denying life in that monastery, .only to grow thinner and whiter, Bod more bony and haggard with each day, for he had not con fessed his orime, and his sin lay like lead on his eool. ..':... ....... 'At last he plnoked op eonrage, and he confessed — ' '?To you?' interrupted Mrs. St. Her Tiok. . ?' ? 'Yes, it was to me, ana oh, the tale he told was awful enough to soften .the hardest heart —even you, aninst- whom his sin was greatest, would have pitied the wretched being, had you heard the story of hia suffer snfferingB. .?'.?? .- . . '? ??' ? ? 'II I pity Dan Lyons 1' ...,— .- She actually laughed as she stand in the. priest's faoe, a laughthat was as wild as was a laugh within the cell of a maniao. - 'Yes yon would,1! he cried angrily, and .then she notejl for the first timetheemonlder ingllreinJilseTttp-Bet eyes, 'you are not a iDclun a stone, you are a woman, and you jmustfeellV.: , . 'Yes, I fed,' Mrs. St. Herriok exclaimed, ??ieelcthat if X could eave Dan Lydtts from eternal tbrtare by lifting op my finger 1 should OQt it off| leak I HhopW lift ii In my sleep. Who are you who aake a woman to pity her hnsband's murderer?' 'Listen yet,' the priest-went on, but both his pallor and the fire in his eyes were inten sified as he saw the unforgiving passion in the widow's face, ' you know the man's Bin but yon do not know its punishment. There is not a living being but the man who speaks to you now that knows what were the last words your husband spoke. Shall I tell them to you?' 'Yes, tell them.' ' They were these : ' If yon leave me here to-day, as you see my faoe now, you will see it at tbiB hour every night until yon die your pelf, and your own death will be worse than mine— aye a hundred times.' ' ' ' My hUBband said that?' . ' Yes,-«nd the curse has been fulfilled. It was after sundown when Dan Lyons left him there to die alone in the collapsed claim, and he did not die until after midnight.' 'How do yon know? Oh, my God, how do yon know that my darling Buffered so long? ' 'Because from sunset to midnight for nearly twelve awful years Colonel St. Her rick's face is before Dan Lyons' eyes. No matter where he goes, or how he hides, it is there, always there. Seas have been between him and the dead man's grave, but that faoe is. dear and fresh bs though the real faoe had not mouldered to dost years ago. Oh, think of that wretohed man's misery and pity him now.' Father James might have been pleading for himself so earnest, so craving, so pleading was his trembling tones. With his thin white fin gers clasped as in prayer, he bent forward, and, with great tears in his awful eyes, begged for pity on the far distant man who had blood on bis hands I ' Was it my pity he sent yon all those thou sands of miles -to ask ?' the widow said with a sneer. ' No, it was for your forgiveness, andjin the name of that Christ we both worship give it to him 1' ' Never ; it my own salvation waB the for feit I should not forgive Dan Lyons I Go man, you are mocking me I How dare you ask a widow to forgive the murderer of her hUBband.' One moment yet, oh listen yet. A holy man has told that wretched man that the moment he receives your forgiveness he will cease to be a haunted man — oh, for the meroy and lharity and pity of Almighty God, forgive aim I' 'Yon are mad!' she oried, as she rose snd pointed to the door; 'you are a mad man and I am a lone woman — go I I heard that you were ill and I am sorry for you, but [ did not know you were a lunatic or I would not have admitted you. I shall tell no one ot this absurd visit, so you see I am merciful, though I would not forgive a moneter.' He rose and faced her. 'I am not mad,' he said, 'and I have only delivered Dan Lyons' message. Onoe more is your answer no— you will not forgive as yon hope for forgiveness? ' ' Never 1 Have I not mid it? I am a woman, but I could Bee Dan Lyons tortured to death and rejoioe in the eyes that enabled me to see it!' Father James looked steadily into the ex oited woman's flashing eyes, a look that she never forgot and that punished her for her hard heart nntil the light of life left her own eyes. 'I have heard your answer, and now listen to Dan Lyon's words. ? If ehe refuses, tell her that what ehe has Buffered in the past shall be as nothing to what ahe shall Buffer in the future— that I swear before high heaven 1 ' ' If Dan had been swearing himself he oould not have looked more terrible than that black robed man I As he lifted his thin hand up with the oatb, Mrs. St. Herriok fell back on her Beat scathed by the terrible look in his eyes, and Father James went out alone, brushing the pale flowers of the garden with the skirts of his black coat and wiping hia feet on the threshold as one who leaves a curse behind him. CHAPTER VI. ibb rroooET cum. Let via euppoae a gap ol two or three weeks between the opening of thiB chapter and the dose of the last, and note a few of the events that had ooourred during those weeks. - In the first place shaft No. 2 in the golly had been cleared out, rigged with a windlass and other digging gear, and a company of four, formed aB proprietors, though but two of them were working partners. Of the f our of oourse Tasy and his master were two, and the other two were Charlie Ellis, the favorite young trooper stationed at Marranga, and a roung man named George Clark, the son ot a farmer in the vicinity of the townBhip. In olaim No. 1 a great deal of work had also been done, but there was a great deal more to do. For one thing the No. 1 workings baa been originally far more developed than any other opened in the gully, and had, at the time of the murder, and in consequence of the murderer's displacement of the props to ef fect bis purpose, fallen in almost from the Burfaoe, so that' to enable the mining to be resumed on the original plan, a great deal of clearing-out work had to be done. While his brother Conn, and'other engaged men were oeoupied in this work,Father James had been almost entirely confined to his room, and no one oould doubt his illness who looked into his faoe. There was a dreadful warfare going on in that miserable man's breast— a warfare that Nora never onoe was aware ot or notdoed, that Conn, saw but did not quite understand, but that Mrs. -Brady watohed with a keen eye ana a purpose deathly ana vindictive. . t He wandered aronnd the gardens in the dusk of evenings, avoiding his kind as though the sight of a human faoe was hateful to him, and more especially did the eight of his mother aot upon him in the strangest man ner. He would shudder if his eye met her'e, and turn away hurriedly sometimes, while at others he would meet her look with one so awfol— bo full of white, threatening anger— 'that ehe would hasten away with the fear of she dared soaroely think what in her hard ened heart. In the dead hours of night, too, there wen sometimes -heard shrieks as for meroy, and shouts as of triumph, and groans as of a deathly agony, and when those of St., Herriok's heard them they were wont to cover their heads up in the bed- clothes, and wait lor silenoe in fear and trembling. But St. Herriok's was far from another house, and no hint ol these disturbances had1 as yet leaked out for Nora, who was the only ignorant one of the family, was a heavy deeper,' ana easily terrified by a hint at ghosts; -«o they had little trouble with her ; only Tady, her lover, felt the - troublesome effects of the ghost rumour,' lor Nora would not meet him after dusk for aU his bribes of ribbons and cheap jewelry, and he was work ing so bard in the day time that he ebuU not enatoh many moments to gladden his little eyes with a eight «t his darling's face. One brilliant morning, when the inn's rays were sparkling in the waters of Creek Boban, like a rain of diamonds, and when evary leaf and flower seemed to have retained all the freshness ol the tsweet dew, Leonard Srosser mounted his horse and rode the short distance batmen the Mananga Hotel ana the Mar ranga Police Station, His destination was the Utter, for during the time (hat has elapsed1 einoe I closed my but chapter, Leonard had formed a mnoere liking for young Trooper Ellis, who had by chanoe be come a partner in.No. 2 olaim with Leonard ? Prosser. As the yonng Irishman rode up to the sta- i tion, Charlie Ellis led his hone ont from the i stable by a side gate and brightly greeted his ; hew friend, and if one had oalled a parade ot - all the 'mounted men' in Australia, they i could not have picked ont a cleaner-limbed, a s better made, or a handsomer-faced member of i the corps than Trooper Charlie Ellis. i No one ever oalled htm ' Obawles.' You i oould not fancy Buoh a thing, looking in bis ? bright, open, boyish faoe. He was Charlie i with every one, and, as I have said before, a i favourite with every one also. ' ' My word, what a killing swell you are this i morning, Charlie 1' said Leonard, as he drew i bis horse up, ?' whoever gets your breeches up deserves a testimonial.' t \- ' Yes, Prosser, I fiajter myself they're a i good fit,' said the young chap as he scanned i his handsome limbs, 'but as for being a i swell, yon must remember that it is not every i one who oan afford 1jt- dress aB carelessly as i yourself.' i ? ' i 'Is that intended for a rap, Charlie?' - asked Leonard with a smile ; ' well, I believe ; I am rather careless, but isn't tbiB tweed good I enough for this occasion, eh?' - 'You know I*don't mean that, Prosser; I mean that your appearance is always that ol a gentleman, no matter what you wear, while I mast be natty to be noticed at all ' 'Oh, suoh apparent modesty 1 I thought you were above fishing for compliments, Ellis? am oertair that you know as well as every body else that there is not a handsomer young ohap within miles.' ' I know I'm not bad looking, but I envy your inohea, and your broad shoulders. I'm suohf a little chap, Leonard.' ' Do yon oaU five feet eight little?' ' Well, yes, I do— lor a man. Do you know that Miss Clark is five feet sir and a half.' Leonard laughed pleasantly, and poor Charlie's face grew rosy as a girl's. ' That was a slip at any rate, my dear fel low, And bo it is in comparison with Mibs Clark's inoheB that you are disgusted with your own 7 Now, do you know that I should much prefer you medium length of limb to my own?' ' Would yon really ?' ' Yes ; and ladies, especially tall ones,' he added, with a sly glance at his oompanion as they rode away together, ' always like men of medium size best.' ' Hum — I hope it may prove bo in this instance, for to tell you the truth as a friend, Prpsser, all my future happiness depends on Fanny Clark's opinion of me.' ' My dear fellow, you have my very beBt wisheB,' and the hands of the two young men were olasped, ' and I think that aa she is a young lady of taste there oan be no doubt as to the result of yodr hopes.' ' But look at my position, Leonard. How can I ask any girl brought up as Bhe has been to beoome a policeman's wife? The very name is enough. If the claim would fulfil Tady's expectations now, there would be some ohanoe.' ' Let us hope Tady will be a good prophet then, if only for your sake, Charlie. You know I care very little for my own. I have enough for comfort, and have no craving for anything beyond what my inoome will afford me.' ' Lucky fellow I' exolaimed Ellis, ' andyou have never fallen in love, yet ?' ' In love? oh fifty times I I have been in love always ever sinoe I can remember until within the last few years. I think I must have UBed up all my allowance of what is called love in my school days, and so have none left for my years of discretion.' 'What is oalled love?' Charlie repeated. u Don't you believe in the feeling, then?' ' I oan't from personal experience at least,' replied Leonard; 'for the feeling that did duty for love with me was so inoonstant that it seldom lasted longer than nntil oiroum stances brought me in oontact with a new face. But talking of the tender passion now, there's an instance if you like in my friend Tady Connor,' and the speaker threw back iis handsome head and lauehed iovouslv. 'Is the d ? fool in earnest?' asked Charlie, with disgust. 'In earnest? I should think bo I He is thinking of Nora and nuggets from morning nntil night, and from night until morning, too, for he mutterB 'me darlin asthore machree Nora,' in his dreams, and fancies he is stringing nuggets to hang round her ?bewcheful neck '—oh yes, he is in earnest— quite I' ' Bidioulous ! ' oried the young trooper almost angrily, ' a man of his age and appear ance 1' ' Be merciful, my^ dear young Adonis t ' returned Leonard with a smile that showed his strong white teeth under his glossy moustache; 'must one be handsome to have a heart? I assure you that poor Tady has one, and a warm and true one in spite of his disproportionate shape and fanny limbs.' 'I don't doubt all that, but at bis years one might expect eense enough to hide any ridiculous exhibitions of his folly.' 'I'm afraid Tady does not think sufil oiently ot appearances,' responded Leonard with gravity and a sly. glance at Charlie's ? cords.'' 'In one sense he does, quite enough, retorted the young 'bobby' with some heat; 'I'm sure when be dons that blue suit with the brass buttons his airs of con soiouBsell-appreciation are eiokeningl and besides how can he feel anything for a girl like that ?». ?? 'Is Miss Nora Brady not so lovrfy and loveablo as 'poor Tady imagines her then? You know I i&va; never Been her.' ' Nora Brady is a lamp ot a girl without, I do believe, one onnoe of brains. I don't believe I «ver saw In jny life a creature so unutterably etupid and animal-like as she.' ' She is no favorite then, Charlie ? ' 'Hot ol mine, and I detest the whole family I' ' ' Leonard looked wonderingly at his com panion. Himself of a calm and even temper and an unexeitable temperament, to him the strong feeling exhibited by Charlie EUis was a matter of surprise. ' I had business at St. Herriok's one day,' the young troo^ir went on, 'end had an opportunity of. seeing. something of these Brady's. Mrs; Brady especially has one of the worst faces I ever saw, and if there was any underhand: and hidden law-breaking going on in Marranga; I should be inolined to look for a oltse to' it under the roof oE St. Herriok's.' ' Talking oi St. Herrick's, that was a sad thing about Oolond St. Herriok's murder. Nowif Iwerea'poBoeman I think I should feel deeply interested in that orime, especially stationed here on the spot.' (Taiis continued) 