THE BROWN-STONE BOY. ; « A-a-a-h ! Aie's%)" Consul-general I' cried the brown-Btotae bdfe in.ptrdhg'acoente of dlBgQBt. . « Oh yefl.f think W is ; I sure he ia, I ventured t<ftex postulate. 1 hhd occasion to visit him At his omoe,anaA am sue tms is the same man.' r V , . , . Well.'whkt I paean is that no land of consalieneral. He's a fossil. Oh, what a treasure he'd have bebn about ten thousand years ago V fiMfl.dhe brown- stone boy, with a gusto. . _ 4 How so?' Inquired. He wouldn't give me a 11 distressed seaman's" certificate, so I could have sailed home on the steamer for nothing.' It was the first I had heard of the brown- stone boy's being a distressed seaman— or a seaman- at all, for that matter. He did not look it in the least. We had made a long voyage together from the tropes. My companion appeared on deck generally in pajamas. He claimed that this was the only proper costume for ship board, in such a climate, and at least, on a succession of days, when the wind was hot, and blew the yet hotter fumes of the smoke funnels directly hack into our faces, his claim was not without reason. Again he would appear in a ragged and greasy old tweed jacket, a bad hat, Blouohy carpet slippers, and his neck quite innocent of shirt collar. These seemed less satisfactorily accounted for. His comings on deck were of a certain mysterious, periodic sort. There were long intervals between, which we inclined to ascribe to his probable suffering from sea sickness. He had two different manners, or ways, with him. At one time he would hang upon the skirts of a group, gazing and listening with an air of exaggerated reverenoe to every word that its members let fail. At others, he showed a hilarious and over- « A _ _ C TJ MUMBAlf laminar now oi spirits. « "w" to start the game of shuffle-board, would introduce to each other people who were already well acquainted, and engaged in loud and warm controversy with whoever would argue with him. His favourite reproach to opponents in these discussions was that of old fogyish.' To be behind the age, in his view, was the fault over all others deserving Of opprobrium. He was, say, twenty-four years of age, of a certain plump, still boyish aspect; his general featnres good, but ooarsened; and his eyes heavy, as if with dissipation. He had a fixed way of smiling, at times, which seemed half maudlin, and turned out to be really so, when its cause was known. The subject' of oar talk was a pompous little man. who was In the habit of strutting op and down the deck, with his hands behind him, keeping much to himself. Ah, yon were a distressed seaman. Was it among the islands themselves that you were wreaked V I inquired. The revelation lent my slight, . new acquaintance a pic- tureBqueaesB and interest which he had not before possessed. ,m, No, I never was wrecked. 'Most every thing else has happened to me, but £ never was wrecked,' he Replied. fI wasn't "exactly a castaway mariner. I was busted — in business, seel' Ah, in business ?' Yes ; but a consul-general needn't look o close, need he? He's got a right to draw off them certificates and pass you home, if he wants to ; what's he good for, if he don't do it ? He knew all about me ; I told him, myself. I told him where my family lived lo New York— the old lady, that is, for there ain't many moreof 'em. We're a boss family there ; way up, high-toned. We've got a four storey high-stoop house on West Blank street, close to the avenue. I ain't no slouch. I'm a brown-stone boy, I am.' He was a brown- stone boy ? It was under this description, derived from the brown or red sandstone — the favourite building material of the more prosperous and fashion able quarter of New Yorh— that I came nf him QUICUJ W lutun V He wouldn't give it to me, thong a — this old consul wouldn't. He ought to have associated with Methuselah. So I had to play it fine, and stow away on the steamer on my own account.' This was a new light upon his case, and though the brown stone boy was avowedly far from an exemplary acquaintance, I heard a part of his story at this time not without entertainment; 1 1 walked aboard as bold as brass,' he con tinued, and said nothing to nobody. Of course I' had to give it away to the purser when he called for the tickets. At first, when I told him I hadn't got a ticket, I thought that they were going to fire me over board at once. Then he called the captain, and the captain, he danced. They sent for a 1 lot more, and they all danced. It was a holy circus, you better believe. I told 'em all the yarns I could think of, and talked 'em 'most deaf, dumb, and blind.' What did you tell them?' I said the consul general had promised me A distressed Be a mac' a certificate, and forgot to give it to me. But what did they do but walk this here fellow right up to me. He was making the voyage, too, without my knowing it. That Bpoiled everything; there wasn't much use trying after that. I told 'em then that I bad lost my pocket-book with my ticket in It. 1 told 'em the parties in whose sugar warehouse I used to work said I could oome Aboard and have a passage any time, because they sent their sugar that way ; then I said that I belonged to one of the first families in New York ; next I mentioned that my agent would meet me at the steamer with my and horses, and pay for my ticket. It Wasall to no purpose, however. Onoe or twice I was sure I wonld be fired overboard, bo 4rild were they ail. At last they sorter cuieted down, and as the first cabin' (and here be Winked) was crowded, they bunked me in A bole where they keep the engine grease." gbis wag quite a different theory of his grfupjpg in pajamas from that of a.sorupulous adaptation to the circumstances which he had before advanced. It was but natural, after cuflft a confidence, that he should- go on to Sto me some account of his going to the Islan da I end h!fl doftigs there previous to the em- Ii was my family influenoe that first took „ doTO 'My tetter dfed < 550 Iwis a smlU kid, and I never saw much of him any way; but the old lady, has always had lots of influence, all the same. ' So when I had to get out of New York — I was wanting to get away from New York for certain reasons' (he favoured me again wth one of his fixed smiles, from whicb it was evident that the reasons were not of the most reputable sort)— the old lady spoke to some j friends of hers, and they got me a place down j an the Islands, in a sugar warehouse. There ; wasn't much to do, and I am kind of easy- going sometimes, and didn't do even that. I used to draw- my little hundred dollars a month, and write home to the old lady that I was saving it, and getting to be a regular Aetor ot Yanderbilt. I wasn't though, all the same. One day the superintendent came along, unexpectedly, and foond me going to sleep— as I used to 'most all the time when he was away— on a convenient pile of coffee- sacks. 1 ' Are you down here for your health?" he says. » I don't know as I am," I says. " What's the matter with yon?" giving him back a lot of impudence. Well, the Bhipping-book hadn't been attended to for a couple of weeks, and a ! memorandum of Hugat hogsheads on hand i that he wanted was about as far > ea:na. What with that and my back talk and all together ; he pretty soon j tired me out entirely. I didn't care, as long j as my money lasted ; but the worst of it was I that after that was gone the old skeesix was still so mad that he wouldn't give me back the place, and I had to shift for myself. Jobs ain't very plenty in the Islands, and I eouldn't afford to let the old lady know what i had happened to mz, either. It was a kiod of last chance her eendin' me down there. I'd been into various matters and things before, you see. Nor yet I couldn't play off the invalid dodge on her any more ; I've pretty muoh run through that too.' My brown-stone friend was so used to being accented as an out-and-out scapegrace, it seemed, that he would not take the pains to give himself a respectable character, even when he had the most excellent opportuni ties, To me he might have assumed a virtue, though he had it not, with entire impunity. It appeared that he had enlisted in the Islands, as sub-agent of a man engaged in introducing American sewing machines. He had bean instructed in running and repairing them, and. having picked up by this time considers hie of the Spanish 'lingo,' hid 'travelled around among the good-looking seDOrae and eenoritaB' for a while, with much entertainment to himself. He had, however, repaired many of the machines in snch a way that ' a steam engine could never have started them again,' and been, in con sequence, deprived of his office in disgrace. He had next acted as agent for the eale of some illustrated Bibles, sent out from Connecticut. # They were cram full of pictures,' he said. ' The natives bad never seen anything of the kind before, and it was a big scheme. Tne trouble with 'em was they cost too much. I had to sell 'em out for less than half-price, to make my own expenses. When I got baok from the trip the boss-agent was so madthat I saw finally my talents were not appreciated -in the Islands, and the only thing for me to do was to get out.' The complacent taking of me into a sort of partnership, in his peculiar iniquities, was ' not too complimentary on the part of the brown-stone hoy, but he was quite impervious to reproof, receiving it at most in a puzzled way. We were coming into port at the i time. We set foot on shore towards evening. Much more intimate acquaintanceships than . this are broken, and I supposed I had seen the last of the brown stone boy. The next day, however," he walked into the j diningroom at my hotel at dinner time, and, dragging out a chair in an easy way, joined me at table. There had been a wonderful change in his appearance in the meantime. He was very well and neatly dressed, and in no reEp?ot the slovenly figure he had been on the voyage. < V. . -it nam ' Via onid fnllnwinn 0.03. Oli HggCU UUIUon, uw " -"O with one of his own my involuntary glance of discovery. Ready-made ; but I'll have something even more lum-tum than this in a few days. The old lady's come down with the stamps again, see ?' He reached in a comfortable way for the bill of fare among the bottles of the caster, gave his order to the waiter in a faoetiou?, superior way, and went on with his con fidence. I fouud that these were not drawn out exclusively by me. He was of a natural expaneivenees of disposition, and was amiably disposed to share them with whoever would listen. I was up to the post-office, and there was the money order all ready and waiting for j me,' he continued. I didn't hardly expsct j it. Doubtful things are pretty uncertain, and you can't sometimes most always tell ; but the scheme this time has worked like a charm. I didn't ask her for anything to get A iray from th 3 Islands, you see. 1 told her I had fallea in with a party who wanted to take me into partnership with him in the beef canning business. I told her it was the biggest thing that had ever happened to me, and that I had got the place all by myself, by my own un aided exertions, see ? He wanted an aotive, young partner, I said, and I was going to learn the business ; and then we were to put np a faotory, some place where cattle were plenty and cheap, to oan 'em. I said I had saved money of my own, and all I wanted was five hundred dollars more to make the thing complete and seoure the interest I wanted. I didn't half suppose the old lady would eatob on this time, but as I tell you, it has worked like a charm.' ' And there is no beef-canning projeot ?' . « You bet your dear life there's a beef- canning projeot. That's just what there is— a beef-canning projeot. I'm going to learn the business. There's factories here where they carry it on, and I'm going around look ing for a place. Yes, sir ; you'll see me with my little overalls on, chopping up sausage- meat, or boiling down soap-fat, or whatever they want. I won't kick ; it don't make any difference what it is. I'm a worker, I am.' 'And the partner?' I asked in surprise, half-impressed by his emphasis. He looked at me with a compassionate 'gmile. 'Shaft was a blind for the old lady,' he said. 'I have to do ift wmeHmei. But that's all over now ; I've reformed. A who hadn't ought to be spouting „hw ®?ne3» beating his board-bill, _ and all that you know,' be added . philosophically- ® always had a good mother ; that s brings ma around all right. A mother e prayers is what you Want every time, see . There was a dangerous levity in these remarks, and yet a certain air of sincerity, too. The methodbmight have been only ms ideal of the manly way of expressing him self. 'I shouldn't wonder if there was any quantity of will power about me, somewhere, still,' he said. ' I had a brother with more will power —by Jove, what a willpower he did have 1' He continued his remarks on virtue at con siderable length. His platitudes aboutood- ness and the exemplary influences of a mother — whose heart, it was plainly to be seen, suoh a young reprobate must often have wrung — were a carious glib parody of sermons one has heard preached on the ill-fated course of the prodigal. He had not m the least the a>r of a repentant prodigal, yet he continually gave himself out, as has been Bsid, for one who has at last seen the error I of IiIb ways, and ehosen the better part, j « Now I'll give you the whole business I straight, he said, treating further of his : project. ' It's the biggest scheme out. I ve had it on the brain for some time ; I heard parties talk of it in tbe Islands. You snake your cattle right up to the factory, and run 'em through the canning machines before they know where they are. The profits ! oome in in having 'em right oil the ground where the factory is, instead of 'way off here, w.th big bills to pay, first for transportin tbe stock, and then for sendin away the stuff where it's wanted. Why, the hides and horns alone '11 more than pay all expenses. I anticipate four hundred per cent, profit the first year. Anybody '11 put nn mnncv f/,r ma. ».« Roon as I've learned the business. I wouldn't wonder if the old lady herself would, as soon as she knew I was actually on the ground. Say 1 you'd make a first-rate, solid, old partner. I don't mind givin'you a half interest,' he said, with frank bon cameraderie. 'It's a big scheme, now, I teli you. Say you and I go into it !' I was obliged to decline this attractive invitation. Previous engagements would prevent me from entering into any other business enterprises at present. It was now Friday, and the brown-stone boy promised to begin his labours on the following Monday morning. ' I shan't give it away to the people where I get tbe job what I'm up to, either,' he said. 'I'll go in as a commoo hand. I'll stay a week, two weeks, or whatever time it takes to learn the whole zaoket, and yon won't hear a squeal out of me — not a kick ; no, sir,' he concluded, in a large, magnani mous sort of way. I said nothing to discourage this sanguine estimate of the obstacles in his new career. It so happened that I was detained for a con siderable time aft the port where we had landed, and so I saw muoh more of my brown-etone friend than was to have been expected. I met him on the Monday when ha was to have gone to work. He was not working, but strolling about in a most leisurely way. ' They gave me the oold bluff,' he said. ' How was that ?' I went to the best of the places I told you of, and applied for a job. They said they didn't want me. Then I tried palaverin' ; told 'em what was up, how I only wanted to learn th9 business, and was willing to work for nothing. They said I was too fresh, and | wanted to know if I took 'em for flats and thought they was goin' to give away the secrets of the trade like that. So they fired me ont, as you might say.' Still he was not greatly depressed at this rebuff. ' There's two more plaoes,' be said. ' I'll tackle one to-morrow and the other the day After. Thpv Ain't so hiff ar the first nnn. lint -—'if — — - — — " O — — — v — they'll do welbenough. All I want is just to learn the business, see?' The next day he did not go to either, being occupied in changing his hotel, choosing a cheaper one — to ave his money, as he explained, an object which seemed highly commendable. This took a ooupie of days instead of one. Then there was a national holiday, and then he was occupied with his tailor. He appeared to feel under some sort of obligation at first to report progress every day, but this was soon abandoned. I heard no more of his attempts to procure employ ment at the places indicated, forther than vague denunciations of their proprietors and statements that the business was overdone and wasn't ' what it was cracked up to be, anyway.' I could not judge whether he had tried and failed or arrived at these con clusions on independent grounds. Oac9, sittiog in the reading-room of the hotel, we saw a group of rough hobbledehoys teasing an old man, a foreign vendor of small wares, in the street. i That was me 1 That's it ! That was my style ! I used to be a holy terror myself 1 cried the brown-stone boy, slap ping his thigh with animation and delight at the spectacle. The circumstance was the starting-point of a new train of reminiscences, whicb, in time, comprised the history of most of the adven tures of his life. I used to belong to the old West Blank 1 street and Tenth Avenue gaug. You never j belonged to that gang, did you ?' he asked. As well as I could reoolieot I never ' belonged to that gang. You've heard tell of it though ?' Yes, I have heard tell of ift.' I had heard tell of groups of young repro bates who infested oertain streets, made life a burden to the residents therein, and were the sworn enemies of the polioe. A graduate of one of them, at the age of nineteen, was lying in the Tombs under sentence of death for murder, perpetrated in connection with a heinous robbery. He had proclaimed himself with pride 'a tough for this exploit, and seemed to look upon it as a sort of method of winning his spurs. They waylaid ohildren, notably the well dressed, sent with money to pay bills and the like, dragged them into lumber-yards and plundered them. Baft I had not thought these were jn any degree recruited from the sons of respectable and even Wedftby lamihto. I stated this bilie! lo faim. ' ' , ' Oh. family don't count for nothing witn them gangs.'he responded, til aoavaheif way. wist they want ii the feller that can get up the liveliest racket ; it aiu't btoe blood. And there were many like you, then I - It promised to be interesting to hoar of the :t doings and aspirations of suoha lawless nana from the inside point Of view. Well, Patsy Bogan's f afher was a black smith. Jimmy Gunnison's drove a track, ana " big Ed" While's old man kepta saJroo, Bid Ed has fonght a prize-fight sinoe. _Billy Bolton's folks, though, was high-toned, the same as mine— may be more so. Jever hear of Lilly's racket that got him nipped?' « No, I don't recollect hearing of it.' « His father was a church deacon— bang-up respectable' They lived in Thirty- eighth street, in one of the swellest houses there as They got Billy a kind of confidential place in a broker's office down town after a while, 'cause he wouldn't go fto school. One afternoon the broker gave Billy a package of bills, about lO.OOOdol., to put away u the safe. Billy shoved tbe moBey m his pocket, right there under the broker's nose, elammed together tbe safe, and walked off, and eame down the next morning as bold as brass. He was collared for it, though. They proved it on him, and sent him up to the penitentiary for seven years. He isn't out yet. He dian t give 'em back the money, though, and I s'pose he'll have it to spend when he gets out ' The narrator showed little of any other emotion at his story than amuesment. Of course we didn't go in as heavy as that in my time. That was after he had left the gang. We used to be generally making it lively for email storeB on cur beat ; snatching their fruit, tipping over their barrels, bothering their customers as they passed in or out, and so on. One day I was standing up beside old Zumpt's show-case — Zumpt, the shoemaker, you know — full of boots and shoes, fancy atvlpa And all that. The others bounced me into it, smashing the glass all to flinders. Out comes old Zumpt, a-booming.' '"Who done it? who done it?" he says, wiW. , . " I don't know," I says, playm' the meek, innocent dodge; "I don't know who they are." He tore up the street after 'em, and I dodged 'round the nearest corner.' Did the cruelty of destroying the pro. perty of a poor, hard-working man like that, and putting him to expenee and trouble, ever occur to you ?' Well, it was pretty rough. I oan see it now, looking back. Besides, I got a cat across the thumb, that time, that lasted me a couple of months.' There seems to have been no great senti ment against stealing. Would the boys refuse to associate with a companion who they knew had stolen money ?' I threw out. Well, no, no, they wouldn't exaotly refuse to associate with him,' he said, judicially The fact is, they had to get mcney some way. They weren't provided very liberally. Their folks, you see, maet generally didn't approve of 'em. Why, I reoolieot myself ' — he started off with a new gnsto— 1 bavin' to sell all the hats and umbrellas on the hall- raok once to gst funds to go and see " Mazeppa," at the old Bowery Theatre.' No doubt I seemed duly impressed with the painful necessity of this measure, for further details were forthcoming. There was an old party that went through the street every afternoon that I nsed to call Yowlriga. That was his way of pronouncing ."Any old rags?" Sometimes he shonted " Eggs bottled " instead — " Bags, bottles," see ? I called Yowlriga in when the old lady was away, and made the trade. Some of the Ber vents saw him going out, and peached on me ; but I'd lit out myself before that, you bat. I had it arranged in them times so I ecu Id sleep in an engine honse every once in a while.' ' But you had to go back at soms time ?' 'Yes; but I could always soare the old j lady by staying away long enough ; that's j where I had the inside track. She didn't I ask any questions then. The old lady was pretty fresh. Drinking was what riled her the most, though.' 'Ah, drinking? The gang went in for that, too ?' What the gang didn't go In for wasnt worth doing. I got as drunk as a boiled owl when I was fourteen years old. A policeman brought me home on his baok at two o'clock in the morning. It was whiskey that done it ; I'd never took anything but beer before that. One of the kids had borrowed some money from his father's till that night, and nothing wonld do but we must all take whiskey and get tight. Then there was a oircuB, and don't yon forget it. I got in the way of it, and have been kind of in the way of it ever eince. I had to braoe np a good deal on the Bteamer, for instance ; maybe yon took notice of it. Bat that's all over new. It was for something of that kind, I believe, that the old lady finally fired me ont. No, I don't know as it was, either. I've forgotten just exactly what it was for,' Blightly scratching his head ; f there was so many rackets.' 1 She sent you away, then ? She ooaldnot stand you any longer ? Well, I don't wonder at it.' He showed no offenae aft unfavourable opinions. ' She had to do it, you know ; she had to doit. I can't blame her,' be replied. 'She need to come up nights, or early in the morning, to my room, in her wrapper, and say prayers over me. She nsed to tell what big things my father had done, and how I ought to be worthy of him, and all that ; and sometimes I used to promise I'd oatoh on, bat it never seemed to amoant to anything. So there she was one morning — I wish I could think now exactly what it was for standing by me like a grey ghost, waving hands, handkerchief — high tragedy; see? I'd finally got to go. She . asked me how much money I wanted to take me away where she'd never hear of me again -till she could hear something that wasn't a disgraoe and shame. I was kind of dazed; on aoconnt of its being so early in the morning and the racket I'd had over night, and I hamed a certain eum, when I might just as well have had twice as much. When I woke up «i>Mn there it op toe Ubie beside «a I went down the steps the d ihkdy irai behind the blinde, and I guess she «, I crying.' w#l Alaannd alaa for the poor old lady | J didn't clear off just then, though ' I seapegfaee continued. 'Not so fresh ? I watted 4 li l'd spent all that money, and th I went hack after more. "If ycu reaijy g to get rid of me." I Baid, "give me 1 hundred dollars, and Til go." She punuJ a it down, and I went.' P fi Tbe frankness of these confessions teemed 1 ncredible. Bochaps he saw that I marveiiJ m at it, for he explained at onoe : — 9 Oh, I don't mind telling you some of thi. 1 Stuff, for if you was to go baok to New York 9 and inquire about me, you'd hear a dozen i times worse. There's some advantages in 1 having a bad character, after all I NoboJ® li can do tne any hart. Bat that's all over bow 9 I had h good mother, see? There's no 1 disoount on her. That's what's alwavs H brought me roond all right.' m It wag difficult to no in what the brown H stone boy was so muoh better than formerly" 9 sinoe he told of hie misdeeds— many mora 9 and more serious ones, too, than here set 9 down— with the nttsr flippancy described 9 hat one could only hopefully take him at hie M word. He had a plausible, ingratiating way Sj with him. He oonld flatter by an artful air E of respeet and deference to superior wisdom k and he conld amuse as well by drolleries. He B had the.sooial talents, an easy skill at cards I- and billiards, a knsck at music and tbe like with the aid of which hie brief successes 1 were accomplished. | : He was now very faehion&bly; dressed. He (: had evidently not spared money, and the I tailor to whom he had entrusted himself had I made a very complete thing of it, He pro. | pored to hire an expensive livery team and | take me for a drive in the park. I strenuously oppoeed this, as contrary to his K newly devised plan of economy and reform B and we compromised by partly walking and B then taking an open horse-ear. We passed I the oity hospital, of dingy yellow brick, on a 1 cold, windy-looking hill. Ac ambulance was 1 drawn np as sue gate, ana irom it & pale and wasted invalid was being taken on a stretcher. My brown-atone boy tipped me a wink, as if the joke Were on the invalid. Ic seemed to him a situation no more to be thought of in his own ease than if he belonged to a different order of beings. The gatekeeper was superintending the transfer, That man was one of the biggest actors there was,' he threw out confidentially to os, as we looked on. Drink has brought him to this.' Plenty more lodgin's to let in the old shebang?' the brown-stone bay inquired, facetiously. We have a fine shuit op where ye eea them open windys,' returned the gate porter, op: In the cottage bey ant,' indicating a low edifice in a corner o! tbe ooart. Troth, ye'rg the sort that'll be needin' them, too.' Pat me ia a private bath, 'lectric bells, aud tbe rest of the modern conveniences, mid Fil see yOu later,' said the brown-etone boy. Trat ain't no cottage 1' Cried an irrepree- Bible looking gamin of ten, running out; that the morgna. Don't we be playin' roond it every day. And them windys is the room where tbe doctors grinds up the dead bodies to make medicine of.' The porter made a good-natured pass at the gamin, whioh the latter evaded by ducking his head.' It's fine here.' went on the garrulous urchin ; this is the boss plaoe, you bet. I've got a job clearing off the tables. We have fun stealin' puddin and everything. Give a feller a dime, will yer ? Aw, ye might. ' The oircumstance was slight, but the place, the faces, and the occasion were fixed in the minds of tbe participants, and all had their bearing farther on. ' Aotor, was he ? I've been an aotor my self,' eaid the brown-stose boy, as we moved off. Wonder if that had anything to do with breakin' me up ? I went away with a theatre eompany when I left home, the time I was te!lin: yon off, and stayed with em most a year. It ain't what it's cracked &p; to oe; ics nam noes ana po?r pay. x just get tin' ready to come ont in leadin' V i parts, thongh, when the company failed. 1 I : got the old lady to pnt up for me. I'd been I , away from home so long that ahe was ready : to. then, and she thought some occupation wis better than none. I handed over tbe funds to the manager, and he was going to . baok me and see me through, and give me a . salary of 25dol. a week. I was going to be juvenile.' | What is juvenile !' . Why, for instance, if you was to ploy : Richard, I'd play Richmond ; or, if you was . Hamlet, I'd be Laertes, see ? —that's juvenile. Bnt the company busted, and I didn t get my actin, nor my money back either, and I was stranded in a small Iowa town. First we tried a little variety -show business ; then | I got reduced to bein a waiter in the boteL | I couldn't stand that bat s few days, though. | I got a job next in oanvassing for advertise- | mcnts for the local paper ; then I travelled with a lightning-rod man. That is what made me so handy with I be sewing-machines and Bibles down in the Islands. After a while I raised money enough to get away to a city, and started a kind of paper of my offi It Was to contain theatre programmes, M® be fall of profitable advertising around the margins — only it wasn't. I fell in i # young lawyer, and we got up a Collection jj Agency for the north-west, bat we seenSW W £ have to keep att we could collect for exp®0 and Hie clients wasn't satisfied. We had a I Mining and Town-site Company afterwurew isr Idaho ; bat the bottom dropped out oi that; too, | I never nsed to let it cost me muoh 10 traveiiin' and hotel expenses in these tiuws. Yon see railroads and landlords are fattening on the hard earnings of the people, any 1 and T generally looked on what I oould &» 'em ont of as eo much clear gain. Bat t&M; I all over now. I s'pose Fd been aW ®® I home abont three years before I I tamed up in New York again. I'd ejmjJJJ B understand wbat the comfort of a good oom was, by that time, you'd better believe. I swore off drinking and smoking, cut ,? B igang dead, turned over an entirely b®w «» M and was toady to tackle some regular dbp m nose; I , And was your mother pleased to eee yjjjv I , .'Etenadbao mutter it Bte" I HeUrd io ilMtb,' te «nulidt wiib I « The next tiring to do m V £nMr, my future. The old Iidy wee fi.bitioaa, and wanted me 16 do big things. If father, he bad been e kind of eelebrity. — lowver. end maybe you've heard of mas of his writin's, too ? She would like to hive me follow in his footsteps. I thought f few minutes, and then I eays, "Til go on the lecture platform;" « " ob, my dear," she eays, "I'm afraid VOQ CStu « » «ru show you whether I can or not," I _B « Lecturin' is different from writin'. Tou get your little lecture done, and go all over the country deliverin' it, and rakin1 in the money, bat when you've written one thine, you've got to go to work end write another. That is where my aotin' and tr»vellin' experience 'il oome in. You let me c: ahead, and I'll be a bigger man than old arant."' So I pitches in. I knew thought wasn't jjjv beet hold, and I'd have to piece it out with delivery.' He sawed the air in an explanatory I knew I'd have to take some subject where I could use the En cyclop rod ia pretty free ; and I did nee it, and don't you forget it, I called the thing "The Perils of the Sea." When I got it done, I took ft to a New Jersey town, where the population was mostly o'amdiggerp, I guess. I got the old lady to pnt up for me to hire a hall, and I delivered ft. They went wild over it. They'd never had any show of any kind in the place before, I gaess, and they wanted me to stay there all tie time. I paid the local correspondent to talegraph up a few lines of slush about it to the "Herald." When I got back, I takes the notices down to Cooper's Institute, and 'm in lMtnre.hnraui man. 1,1 Here," I says, "this is the kind of hairpin I am. Now, put me in a page of advertisin in that journal of yours, and hustle along a gtaok of engagements." ' The brown -stone boy always represented himself as talkiBg in this off-hand way upon the most serious subjects and to the gravest of persons ; but it is probable that he gave oily the sense rather than the actual words of what was said. 1 The lecture bureau man wanted twenty- five dollsrs for a page in his journal, and I get it from the old lady and put it up. Engagements didn't oome very lively at first, hot the lecture- bureau man says, "Lay low and wait. You'll be all right You better pay me twenty- five dollars more for another page, though, aDd then you'll be donbly sure." ' He paused a little, to admire in retrospect the shrewdness cf the lecture burean man. In about a month an order did come. It was from Cahokia or Kalamaeoo, or some such place oat WeEt. They wanted me for one night only at thirty dollars a night. The railroad fare and expenses would foot up about one hundred dollars.' The lecturer scratched his head and looked at me with an air of comic perplexity. Then he went on — ' I thought the rceh had begnn at last, and I was set np to the nines. I was goin' to start out at once, bat the bureau man says, " You'd better wait for -a few more orderB, ee's to lay out a rowte, and take 'em all in together." So I waited another month, and there was nothin' more. In another month an order aame from Arkaneas. They wanted the "Perils of the Sea" out therefor one n<ghe only, men oraers stopped oomic entirely. The lecture- bureau man says, " If you don't feel like p&yin;' the expenses to fill these engagements, perhaps I d better arrange to hand 'em over to somebody else 2" «|4I guess yon better had," I says, and with that I quits the lecture platform The next thiDg I went into was real estate. I stayed in an office about three months, till I'd learned the bueiuess better than the parties themselves. Beal estate ain't no trick at all. The old lady came down handsome, and fitted me out an office of my own— Pine street, black walnut furniture, gold lettering in the plate glass window. I put a big advertise ment in the "Herald" — "City and country property for sale and to rent. Half a million dollars to loan on approved mortgages" — and sat back smoking my cigarettes and waiting for customers. I hadn't a cent to loan nor a shanty to rent. If anybody came in, though, I was going to shin around among the other agents and get some, and divide commiseions. Toe first quarter nobody came in but a Bowery Dutchman, who wanted to borrow tea thouE&nd; dollars on an old rookery that wasn't worth two thousand. Yen wouldn't hardly take it for & gift. The second quarter wasn't QDy better. Every night, mostly, the oli lady used to &sk; me how much business I'd done that day, and 1 had to tell her. Finally a third quarter's rent came due, and the old lady began to kick. " I won't put np another blessed cent," she says. " You just eel I the furniture and skip oat of it." ' These, again, could not have been the preeiee words, but only the gist of his mother's directions. ' But the way the drug business panned out was even woree. I went into that neit — wholesale drugs and dyeetoffs. There was a young feller that I'd known lor some time who travelled for a house in that line. He told me that the customers had all rather buy of him than his firm. "If you and I could go in together and take a store, and I had five hundred dollars for a year's travellin' expenses," he saye, " we could make things boom. I talked the old lady into this too. Wq eet up iD Pearl street, this time ; no flummery and fancy furniture now, but cob webs, inky old deskB, and big ledges — the heavy respectable dodge, see ? We scattered around some empty carboys and some indigo and cutch ; it looked as if we'd been established forty years, and were doing a business of a million a year. I was to Btay in the office and fill the orders, and he was to send 'em in. Well, in two months the year's travellin' expenses was used up. Most of the shipments we made was returned on our hands, N.G." — No Good. Some of the mistakes was mioe, but most of 'em his. He'd been on a steady spree the whole time —I didn't know he was that kind of a feller — and I got news at last that he'd been lying drunk somewhere in Vermont for two weeks ; and then I closed up the plaoe. " One by one the roses fade." It beats all how circum stances used to turn out against me every tima. ' You do seem to have had rather bad luck. ' Lack is to came for it. The next thing I tried was bein' a detective. I'd always had a Jjnoy tor thatkind of business, and knoirm'" r seen as 55\. 5 ' 1 thought I'd make a gocd e- ,The old lady didn't like it at all. But she d begun to get tired of putting up money tor me, and this was something that didn't take no capital. I got a plaoe in a detective agency. They eet me to work shadowing a noose were some woman lived whose husband wanted to get a divoree, " without publicity." or something that way My watch was night, and most all night, too j and it was precious cold and lonesome, I can tell yott, banging round them corners in December. All of a sudden the police oh the beat grabbed me one night, and run me in for a suspicious character. There had been burglaries in the neighbourhood, and they thought froth the way I w&8 manoeuvring that 1 was the one thkt had done 'em, 'They looked me up, and wouldn't let me go till I bad to explain to 'em what I was up to. The woman, she got wind of it arid went off, and the office bounced me for -bein' a double-dashed flat. A detective hadn't o tight to give away his racket to any police or nobody else, no matter what happen b to him, see 2 Yes, sir, I was more broke up by that than most anything else I oan think of. The newBpaper reportin' wasn't so bad, for I never really looked at that as so much in my line.' What ! a reporter, too 2 Would the line of bis oeoup&ticnB; stretch to the crack of doom 2 ' I had a relation who owned a newspaper, and he gave me a job on it &b; a local reporter. That suited the old lady to a T. She was expeotia' me to be a kind of Horace Greeley in no time. But if there ever was a II W A« Aan t HA4 «nA A S uij tiuio iui uctvb, vta» was x iuic aiuuuu with my little note book ready and my pencil out, but not a thing happened, i'here wasn't a fire, murder, collision, assault and battery — not an accident of any kind. I honed the police and corners, and I tackled the undertakers, hack-men, and omnibus drivers. If I saw anybody anywhere Icokin' the least excited I grabbed him, and asked him what was the matter. I went up to the gang again, but even they had quieted down just then, and couldn't give me anything. You might as well have been reporting in the New Jerusalem. I shoved one feller dewn an area- way myself to make an item ; but, of coarse, it was too expensive to keep providin' subjects that way. After I I een oomin' in to the office, 'most every day O' a month or so, with hardly a blessed thing to show for it, my relation, he says, kind o' sarcastic like — " I gaess you're spoilin' yourself for some other profession, where you'd probably ehine. Newspaper reportin' don't seem to be your strong point. You better take a walk ; we'll try and spare yon." ' It need not be supposed that the record of chronic mishap and misoarriege ended evep wish this. But more than enough has no doubt been given to show the eccentricities, the irresponsible view and manner of life, of a type of character of which many another prosperous family produces its example. The pit r old lady' bad stood by 1 im through all, p rid the Bccre of his escapades, and paid it more dearly yet, no dontit, in her heart's yssrnrag, her disappointed affection, over this graceless son. She had hsd intervals of holding aloof, but even these were probably designed more m a salutary spirit to him than in real sternness. I gathered that he had just now left his country for his country's good;' he had, perhaps, done something which would make it rather inconvenient for him to return to New York. Bat, again, he said that his mother wished him to return, and marry a pretty and virtuous girl whom she had picked out for him. Bah! I don't want any molly-coddle. That ain't my style. Besides, I'm not on the marryin' lay,' was bis comment on this pro- pcB:tion. I don't know but I will, though. May be I will. I'll see about it.' Being questioned farther as to bis pro posed learning of the meat-canning icdustiy, he rather avoided the subject. Then, one day, became in with a distrait air, and broke the silence with — f Say ! I've got to send the old lady a cer tificate thet I've gone to wozk in the business for wn'ob she sent me the money. You wouldn't want to sign it, would you 2' Are you engaged in the business ?' Well, no; hut I wiil be next Monday morning, sure. It's only dating it a little ahead, yon see.' -i I did not exactly seem to see to this. Recollecting, however, that this was hardly in keeping with his newly-assumed character -for steadiness, be corrected himself — Well, I only mentioned it,' said he. 1 thought perhaps she'd like to have your name to it, on accoaut of your oomin' from New York. She'd have more confidence in it,' end he went off fox him rather dis consolately. Alas and alas, for the poor old lady ! There was undoubtedly ample store of trouble awaiting her yet. From this time I saw less and lees of the brown-stone boy, and his appearance on these meetings, each as they were, were hardly calculated to promote a sanguine view of his permanent reformation. He had made new acquaintances. He strolled with them on the prinoipal thoroughfare, laughing loud, and be played much at billiards with them. They were of a flashy, impudent aspect. I saw him driving them out in a handsome vehicle, and, again, surrounded by them In a box at the theatre, where he was evidently their entertainer, as be was their central and ruling spirit. He came once to borrow a sum of money, on the pretext ofdaaving left his pooket.book at home, and after that returned no more. I met him one evening io the Btreets. stupidly intoxicated, his fine apparel gone, and his aspect as shabby as when I had first seen him on shipboard. As I was leaving the plaoe, and on the way to take the train, I met him again. He was even more dilapi- dated, but sober now,. or at least coherent in his talk. . . Hel lo, pard ! You off?' he cried, in hilarious greeting. Well be good to your self 1 You wouldn't mind droppin' a feller a dollar, as you're goin', would you 2 I've been workm' in a theatre. Say! I've got the biggeat scheme out. I wish you haa more time to step and talk. S&yl; Well, so It was not my final leave- taking of him. Jtowenr, u t fasi to return some two months later. 1 passed one day the hospital on the cold and windy- looking hIH, The porter recognised me, hesitated, then, with a sextain eagerness — ' Yen was with bim that flay/ he said. ' It would be a kind o char'ty to step up and scf him a minute; he's in a bad way.' 1 Who is in a bad way ?' I asked. 1 The short, shmilin' one, that was chaffin' me that day, don't ye mind?' I mounted the stairs with him, and there, io a ward of the pauper sick, lay the brown- stone boy. He was emaciated to the last degree. His eyes were closed as I first stood by his iron oot, and they were abnormalij large, in, their hollow sookets, as he feebly opened them. Yes, it's me, pard,# he said. I'm law up. I got a heavy oold on me,- see ? I've got to stop tbeee rackets ; they don't agree with me any more. I'm goin' to swear ok for good.' His Voice was husky to the last degree, and he placed a hand on bis chest, full of strange rattlings and wheeling, from which it iaintly proceeded. There don't seem to be nobody here to take much notice of me,' he continued-, gazing around in a wandering way. (I've got 'em to telegraph to the old lady a good while ago ; I must ha' been here some time. It's a seven or eight days' journey, but once she'd ha come if it was a hundred. I've played it on her too often ; she don't believe me any more. I don't blame her, pard, do you?' He turned his face towards the wall. » i i « A sudden flurry of movement made itself felt, a rustle of femi&ine; skirts. There by hie bedside stood a spare, comely old lady, who had been piloted thither by the garrulous urchin frisking about the yard. She was a lady, reficed in every lineament. She had white hair, was dressed in dark si' ken attire, and her features were crossed with an expression of woeful pain. The eight would have moved a heart cf stone. Tbe old lady ' had come to her Benjamin, her youngest born, who had been a loveable child in her arms, before all this nightmare of bis evil years — for whom she had had ambitions, had prayed, Buffered, sacrificed herself — and she found him thus. He looked up with a gasp, as if her presence were something incredible. She threw herself upon him passionately, and embraced and kissed bim as if he were again a little child. I didn't have the will power,' he murmured feebly. Mother 1 Mother !' he cried again presently. If I was to live ! Oh, if I was to live 1' And with the greatness of this aspiration that it should yet be possible for him to show her the measure of his gratitude for all her love and forbearance, the spirit of the brown- stone boy, so strangely emasoulated, so deprived of the grain of fortitude and elevation of soul that might have stiffened into self-control and ascendancy over fortune —this poorly-regulated spirit took its flight. The brown stone boy had added another to lisa mon xt uvnarifinBAfi f Ka Areat ATriDtlfinfifi UIO UJOUJ vAyvxtvuwud— huw gavas of soanding eternity. — By W. H. Bishop, ir Atlantic Monthly.' 