./Tlie1 Gomiiigb?-Bi'eyeie::Seas'on: » Wheelmen right;thrqugH tile, country. riHl-be gkd hear, that every ' preparaitibri 'has "He'eri Jmade" for the .'coming /season 'byrsthe ! onlyi'firm/aofilpracticalr -.Mcycle men.in;!/Sydney>j;jTMsr;.acc'ount:;will be of additional interest to tlie vast nriiubers of neonle whp are yearly, swelling, the numbers' of fehe knights of )the ,-!yheelfqr.,the. reason- thafe iri making their .selecribnJm'the.'&refeid1; tb; th'eyare selecting from/a Stock' 0f cycles of 'tried- arid proved merit. Messrs. ' Beiiriet ' arid 1 WOod/ql " 6S' King-street, Sydney, tKe'priricipal:'horise'-ifirtHe'> cpioriies, solely devoted to th'e :bic'ycle -trade",' have1 'certainly the -largest and'most varied1- and valusbleostbek to be ionnd under; rinyrbne;'roof m/tHe-'Holonies. Being practical mechanicians themselves,-/, tlie .-firm have selected for. their stock only those machines which are best suited to Australian- rise/ andlHeykbriipriso lightness of build, genuineness of material;; and; .all the latest improvements— notably the pateife for minimising or removing the vibration of the smaller wheel. .The makes which Messrs. Bennett . and 'Wood have introduced for 'Australian wlieelmon arc, -as we have, said, of the, highest- :provenf.quahty-,:'as may .be judged from, the , faqfejthat .alii,tbc)prize- winnirig- bicycles of the"' last season cairie'frq'm thcir \- establishment'.: ' 1 One - advantage- wHiciio wieelinon Jiaye -in; connection; . ; with- i /Messrs. g,Bennettr; .and Wood's establiftlimenfe .is/ tHafe. a|l Impairs oari be "expeditiously 'performed'' herp,' nriS-1 any1- broken- 'or -injured part replaced' ivithi duplicates. : All/tbc . necessaries . for ? /wheelmen.-, for. , match,, or . for oxcur- sion, are' .supplied by. the) fixrii' at' a! trifle over' trie 'home iriaririfactrirer's 'prfcesl MesSrs; Bennett' ' arid Wood wiE fmmish/Illnsteatcdi'pamphlets .with ifiill partie.nlars as to, price, carriage, &c.; on apjflication being riiade to them".' Storekeepbrs ari'd1 others' arc liberally: dealt witbvatid large- concessions1 fire'nisVdo in cases where bicycle, clubs.arc b.eing startedsi"; > Tlie patron .saint-'. of; all wigmakori? is ;St. Louis of France; /.who,, -says- a i recent. cGernjan writer, bbrougb the iagenuity-.of-Me.-mptlrei:, -Queen Diarica . of Castille, wore, tlie firk Irig' tuatJcver graced bead of mortal "man 'or Vbm'ab) -2fle story goes than when King1 Louis - retririi'dd- froln a crusade to the Holy Land his mothoriwas shocked at seeing, that .the /hardships of; the, jo.urney, ./to gether with the ; hot . elimatp pf -, Palestme, .. had robbed her son' of all his hair, ' But be4idesbeirig' a devoted mother, -Queeii Biarica' was - an irig'eriious woman,- who soon'fourid a wayont'of hef/difliculty- .Each knight at Court, the .colour, pf \yh osa. hair, had even .the slighest resemblance, to 'her' son's) ...was bereft of one lock, which deftly 'joined, became'an ornamental covering for her soil's bald head. The honour of being made the patron ; saint iof; wig- makers ought, therefore; by righ$B.haye,becn;coft- (erred on (he; mother instead of tbe sonV bat there is some consolation in the fact ihflt ' after 'ri lapse of six centuries Queen Bianca's ghost ariseripoiiitiDg out that, in spite of aff sayings' to the contrary;: riot only in the , nineteenth century .\y omen .may be .in yentors, but that, even at. the (lawn. of the, Middle Ages a wonian , founded an .'industry1 'by .winch thousands at presbnt earn their daily brea:diJJJ tiate the bridge, which was a matter of consider- able difficulty, and required delicate management, t in ,fj,fct;' Owing to the swing of the tide, almost every other steamer being out in the centre of the gi: stream, were enabled to get through lirst. unc fe steamer, the Rosedale, got foul of the bridge at the P northern side of the opening, and blocked the %' waterway for some time ; then the Admiral slightly ) stopped, but soon extricated herself under the care- W ful management of Captain Harry Hall. Generally, the masters used good discretion, and Captain Hal- % stead navigated the Inflexible through in excellent I form. All the steamers were crowded with people, fe aild a whole lot of small boats had already gathered & at the Brothers. The Rosedale lost sonic of her | port netting bulwarks in getting through the f- bridge, but no one on board sustained the slightest ¥ injury. Coming up the river, every point of van- 5 ta«e was covered with a dense multitude of people, g covering many acres of ground. Gladcsvillo, Cub- 5 aritta, the S.R.C. branch, the Gasworks, Farnell's I Point, Putney, Rydc, the new railway bridge had | each their crowds of visitors, and the greatest cn- % thusiasm and excitement prevailed on all sides. t- Calm water, very little wind, which was south- easterly, was the weather all up the river, and a e better day or weatlier could not have been picked. f Charity Point was reached by the Inflexible at a 6 quarter to 4 o'clock. Beach's colours greatly pre vailed on the water, and generally he appeared to b be ill public favour, while the Canadian also had Sf.. numerous supporters. Arriving at llyde at a quar ter to 4, Hanlan was seen stepping into his boat, ami he lost 110 time in paddling up to the starting ' point ; at the same time Beach stepped into his f boat and pulled up to Charity Point, both men be- ing heartily cheered from the steamer i n nmte. Both men appeared in splendid condition. Beach was in his "Jack .Smith " boat, built by Donnelly and Sullivan, Hanlan in his new "Ruddick,"' which looked a beautiful boat. Beach having won the toss, took the southern shore, but this was no real advantage. Both men jumped away at the " first attempt, and Beach before 100 yards was over was fully half a length ahead, rowing 36 to Hanlan's 34\. Before reaching Uhr's point Beach got a length ahead, rowing beautifully, and odds were at once offered of 25 to 20 on'Beaeh . Beach now commenced to go away from Hanlan very fast, and at half a mile Beach was two lengths ahead, rowing 30. " The odds then freely offered were 3 to 1 on Beach. Beach continued to have it all his own way, Hanlan occasionally looking around him, and at the mile Hanlan was fully four lengths behind. Beach now rowed easily, while Hanlan slowed, being much inconvenienced by Beach's wash. At a mile and a quarter the distance was much more between their, and Hanlan already commenced to roll. Before reaching Putney both men spurted, which resulted in Beach increasing his lead. After leaving the Point both crossed to the southern shore, and off the Gasworks Beach was going along in the grandest of form, while Hanlan appeared distressed. Beach was then rowing 26 and Hanlan 2S strokes per minute. Up to Caharitta Beach took things easily, Hanlan struggling gamely, but was quite outpaced, and at the Point no nearer his opponent. Offers to bet that Hanlan would not pass Gladesville were made, but without- takers. At Gladesville both men went straight for the southern shore and indulged iu a short spurt, Beach leading at One Man Wharf by a long distance. From this to the finish both rowed hard, Beach finishing with a magnificent spurt, and winning by fully eight lengths. The time of the race was 22m. 52\s. 