New South Wales. Coursing Club. The metropolitan meeting of the above club was com menced on Wednesday at Woodstock, Rooty Hill, where the . club's enclosed ground is situated. The clerk of the weather was on his best possible behaviour, and a finer day for outdoor sport could not be wished for, as far as regards tiie enjoyment of the onlookers, bat it was much too warm for the hares, who seem to require cold weather to enable them to put forth their speed and stoutness, oonseauentlv. tiie death-roll was much greater than usual. Though the company was not so large as was expected, it was quite up to the average attendance at the Rooty HOI gatherings, and ' embraced nearly all the most prominent patrons of the sport. Though there were some first- daks greyhounds among the 38 entrants in the Metropolitan Stakes, there was a large percentage of the moderate division, including » few of the swrient order, whose erratic running when in pursuit of the game did not fail to attract the notice of those KMHHgfflt wjft waging.. TfresEBtorigqs tetayjggE, however, of Parade, Blue Pill, Molinara, Crabtree, Countess of Kcw, and Clyde, in a great measure compen sated for the shortcomings of many of the other performers. ' Parade ran her two trials like a good greyhound, displaying marvellous cleverness and resolution, wmle Blue Pill never before exhibited so much dash and slaying qualities. Parade's overthrow of Carnation and Bine Pill's dismissal of Maritana and Bruce were among the smartest things of the day. One of the greatest of surprises was the defeat of the almost hitherto invincible Bounty by Mr. H. M'Quade's Molinara, the former being outpaced and hand somely beaten in a short trial. Crabtree also ran most | creditably, showing great cleverness at the turns, and never leaving the line of his hare for an instant. Countess of Kew and Clyde also gained -many admirers for the manner in which they acquitted themselves, while little Pinion's clever victory over the speedy' Lord Carington was most favourably thought of. Sardonyx ran with all the fire of a puppy, but a dodging hare just enabled Countess of Kcw to beat him hy half a point. Countess of Kew also just gained the fiat against Boccaccio in the first round. In the Metro politan Purse nothing went so well as Billy Bray and Maritana, and these two, with Bounty, will probably fur nish tho winner. The day's sport was excellently carried out by the stewards, assisted by the energetic secretary, Mr. James Perry ; Mr. P. A. Lamb especially deserving a word of praise for his zealous work. Mr. E. Gatenby as judge discharged his onerous duties in' a highly satisfactory man ner, and Mr. C. C. Skafratt, in his familiar position of slip steward, performed his share of the work with ability and despatch ; and Pratt must not l-e forgotten for Ins clever and uniform discharge of the greyhounds from slips, mid several times lie had most uniuly animals to deal with. Mr. Squires, of Penrith, catered for the company in a manner that left nothing to be desired. Second Day — Thursday. The Metropolitan Meeting of the club was con cluded on Thursday, at Rooty Hill, under favourable circum stances as regards weather, hut the attendance was not as large as upon the opening day. The sport, however, was of the most genuine description, and was thoroughly appre ciated by those present. The genial warmth of the son again militated against the running of the hares, hut, des pite this retarding influence, some ' regular flyers ' led their canine pursuers a merry dance and were never fairly turned from the line they selected towards the escapes. The onlookers were in ecstacies when 'puss ' showed her heels to her pursuers, and when she finally got safe home there was a feeling of thorough satisfaction, inasmuch as the merits of thccompeting greyhounds had been tried without the death of the hare being encompassed. The principal prize of the meeting, the Metropolitan Stakes, was carried off by Mr. C. Wood, who divided it with his two dogs Anti- up and Clyde. Parade, who was regarded as a certainty for this stake, kept a leading position until she met Anti-up in the fifth round. A weak hare bronght about her overthrow, and the trial was the most unsatisfaetoiy of the meeting. She was beaten by a bare point, and there can be but little , doubt that the best greyhound in the stake sustained her defeat through ill-luck. During the day Parade was pur chased by Mr. P. A. Lamb at a high figure. Clyde, the co- divider, performed all through in a highly meritorious fashion, and is a greyhound of more than ordinary calibre. The style in which lie acquitted himself against that clever little lady Countess of Kcw was most taking, that trial being the prettiest and best contested of the meeting. The Metropolitan Purse was carried, away by the evergreen Bounty, who must during the past two seasons have been a very gold mine to W. Bladon. She ran through the stake unchallenged, and though she once or twice ran a little off the line of her game, considering what an old campaigner kbe is, she is a veritable wonder. Confusion, uic runner-up in this stake, ran fairly well, hut was outclassed when she met Bounty. The Kent Brewery Coursing Club Stakes was won hy Mr. H. C. Holcombe's Tathra, who really had no opposition. Mr. Gatenby, as judge, again got through his duties satis factorily ; Pratt, with the slips, was as deft as usual ; Mr. Skarratt was at his post again and worked indefatigably ; while Mr. P. A. Lamb successfully superintended all the operations of the day. Appended are the details of the running for the two days: — Metropolitan Stakes. First Round. — Lucy had no trouble in disposing of This, who - though unsighted made no use of his chanccwh.cn next the hare. Lucy had speed, hut ran most loosely. Primrose, after . sighting from slips, deliberately ran away from the hare and declined to course. Crabtree gained the fiat, hut had a gruelling course solus. Master M'Grath ran a hye, Ada being disqualified, owing to being unmanageable in the 6lips.. Limavady led and well beat' Dart in a beautifully run trial, the latter never scoring once ; Limavady killed. Star led Beach by favour; but in the rest of agood trial had a little to spare when the hare escaped. Anti-up just gained ihc turn, and then Confusion got nicely placed and scored rapidly, when Anti-up came at the end ; then Confusion killed, and put herself out. Though Beth Gclert led Bruce, the latter was always faster in the stretches, and when Bruce picked up his hare he had a large balance to his credit. It was a splendid performance on the part of Blue Pill, who only allowed Mcssalina an occasional opening in a brilliantly run trial, which Blue Pill terminated with a good kill. Lord Carrington showed immense superiority over Jemmy in a good trial, and doing all the work throughout, ended with a kill of merit. One of the grandest trials of the 'day followed between Pinion and Poll. The former led, «nd used her hare most- artistically until she slipped, giving Poll an opening, Pinion, however, was not to he denied, and in a course of terrific length scored all the meritorious points. Clyde led, and scored the first two ; Guard, gaining command, wrenched strongly several times, killed and just lost. Buzahoat was both faster and more clever than Lady Bandon in a beautifully run trial on the part of Dr. Belisario's hitch, who won with any amount to fpare.^Sardonyx led Billy Bray twolengths, and in a fairish trial old all the work of merit. Botcaccio was two lengths faster than Countess of Kcw, and made a strong beginning ; hut in the rest of a good exchanging trial the latter more than held her own, and bad just won when Boccaccio killed off Countess of Kcw's torn. Boccaccio, though beaten, was not disgraced. While Star was faster to the hare than Look-out; but the latter in a good trial completely out worked theformer, ending with a fiiiekill. Sweet William led and heat Ivo pointless in a good spin -to -covert. Then Parade just as easily beat Sweep in a -finetrial, ending matters with a kill. In a meny little spin Molinara led and well beat Bounty, who put out whatever chance she may have had ' hy killing. It whs a jerking trial. In a close working trial Carnation defeated Lawless. Second Round. — Crabtree led Lucy seven lengths, and turned, letting in Lucy, who, however, was unable to keep her place. Some smart exchanging work ensued, in which Crabtree, who killed, showed marked superiority. Master M'Grath just led and scored strongly twice, when he eamn down a cropper. In the rest of some good give-and-take work Limavady succeeded in wiping out the points, and won cleverly. About a length separated Anti-up from Beach for the runup, and in a good trial which followed the latter did not lend the least assistance. In a long and severe course Bide Pill completely outpaced and outworked Bruce, who scored hut once or twice. Pinion drew out a length from Lord Carrington for the opening point. Some quick exchanges followed, and when Pinion killed off Lord Cairington's turn she had a narrow majority. Clyde raced away six lengths from Buzabout, aim turned and wrenched, serving the latter2 who rushed into her game, and thereby, lost easily. A beautiful trial followed between Sardonyx and Countess of Kcw. The former reached the hare three lengths in front; but in a circular spin which ensued the Countess ' was smarter, and, ending matters with a kill, won cleverly. Look-out was not fast enough for Sweet William, wlm only allowed the former to have an occasional opening. It was a hollow affair between Parade and Carnation. Mr. Park's represen tative displayed immense superiority at all points in a well run trial. Parade killing off Carnation's neck. Molinara rana bye. Third Round. — In along gruelling trial limavady easily beat Crabtree after the latter had scored the early points. fVatitnw. ran sg winning as n fn-rj and plnefd tifmcplf out of court in consequence. Contrary to general expectation Agfrgg Mlue p two lengths ayjj points of a good trial after a raring hare. In a good exchang ing trial -Clyde showed the pace over Pinion, and was much smarter generally. Clyde won comfortably. Countess^ of Kew led «'d decisively heat Sweet 'William in a rattling trial, the latter never scoring once. Parade just drew out for the turn from Molinara, and covering her game in beautiful style only allowed Molinara to score on suffer ance. Fourth Round. — In a very short trial Anti- up led Limavady and turned and waited to pick up the bare, which he did immediately after, and won decisively. It was a well-run trial between Clyde and Countess of Kcw, the former leading three lengths and outworking the Countess, who ended matters with a kill. Parade ran a hye. Fifth Round. — Parade showed speed from slips over Anti-up, hut the latter just reached the hare first. After one exchange Parade killed off her own wrench. The fiat was for Anti-up. It was a very unsatisfactory course. Clyde ran a bye. Anti-up and Clyde, belonging to the some owner, divided the stake. Metropolitan Purse. First Round. — Primrose was much too fast for This, who ran like n green puppy, and was well beaten. Dart ran a bye, Ada being disqualified for not being manageable in the slips. Star had no show whatever with Confusion, who did everything in a fairish trial. Maritana easily overcame Beth Gelert, and Guard never allowed Jemmy a ghost of a chance in a short trial. Contrary to general expectation, Billy Bray led and well beat Boccaccio, who scored occa sionally in a rattling good trial. Poll led and heat Lady Bandon in a long spin to covert. Ivo never allowed White Star a single opening in a racing trial to covert. Lawless led Sweep for the turn, when the latter shot across for the kill and lost. Second Round. — Primrose ran a bye, Dart being drawn. It was a good give-and-take trial between Confusion and Parade, the former having a trifle- the best of the struggle in point of speed, and that enabled Confusion to raise the winning flag. Poll had no chance whatever with Guard, who was much too fast for Poll after a racing hare. Ivo was much too fast for Billy Bray, who did nothing of merit but a cross kill in a short trial* Bounty ran rings round Lawless, who barked all through a short trial, and that was all he did, and the further he was left in the rear the noisier he became. Third Round.— Confusion ran clean away from Primrose, and won a good trial all ends up, and Bounty just as easily disposed of Guard in a long course. Fourth Round. — Confusion ran a bye. It was a fine struggle for speed between Bounty and Ivo, the latter just gaining the lead by half-a-length. Some pretty exchang ing work followed in a long cross, Bounty outworking her opponent. Deciding Course. — After a rare struggle Bounty just obtained the lead, and going on scored quite 2 to 1 in a j splendidly run trial on the part of Bounty. The Metropolitan Stakes.— For 38 all ages, open to all comers, at £2 each. Winner, £26 ; runner-up, £11 ; two dogs, £4 10s. each ; four dogs, £2 each. I. Mr. It. Pcarce's bk and w b Lucy, pedigree unknown, beat Dr. W. G. Taylor's r and w b p This, Teviotdalc— Temerity. Mr. P. A. Lamb's bd raid w d Crabtree, Lelex — Daisy, beat Mr. J. Moore's bdb Primrose, Bluebird — May Flower. Mr. J. Gannon's bk and w d Master M'Grath (late Parole II.}, Zig— Duchess, beat Mr. M. Hodden's bk b Ada, Hcrribus— Polly J. Lamrock, junior's, bk and w d Limavady, My Lord— J Lang Syne, beat Mr. C. 'Watson's f d Dart, Darkie— Jet. Mr. James Brown's fd Beach, M.D. — Spider, beat Mr. C. 'Watson's f and w b Star, Rocket— Venus. Mr. C. Wood's f and w d Ante-up. Pluto — Stella( beat Mr. H. Mortimer's w and bk b ConfusioD, My Lord — Clio. Mr. A. Pearee's r d Bruce, pedigree unknown, beat Mr. J. O'Brien's f and w d Beth Gelert, Tyrant— British Queen. Mr. S. Bladon' e be b Blue Pill, Sentry Go — Crocus, beat Mr. H. M'Quade's w and be or w and bk b Maritana, My Lord — Clio. Mr. H. Mortimer's be and w d Lord Carrington, 'My Lord — Clio, beat Mr. M. Reddcn's bk and w d Jimmy, Hcrribus — dam unknown. Messrs Skarratt and Co.'s r or r and w b Pinion, Master Joe — Bronzcwing, beat Mr. M. Reddcn's bk b Poll, Boscoe — Ada. Mr. C. Wood's bk and w d Clyde, M.D. — Spider, beat Mr. C. W. Bromilow*s be d Guard, Jack— Fly. Dr. C. Belisario's r or fund wb Buzabout, Mariner— Honcydcw, beat Mr. J. Maboney's bk and w b Lady Bandon, Hamlet — YVeU-I-Kever. Mr. W. Nicholls' bk and w d Sardonyx, Pedlar — dam by Countryman, beat Mr. T. Eagle's f and w d Billy Bray, Darkie (imp.)— Snowflak'e. Mr. G. Cobcroft's bk and w b Countess of Kcw, Chesterfield — Kew Rose, beat Mr. C. W. Bromilow's r and w d Boccaccio, Hopmarkct — Daisy. Mr. W. H. Lamb's f and w b p Look Out, Sentry Go — Wynd- ham, beat Mr. P. Molly's f and w d White Star, Albert— Fly. Mr. P. Molloy'e bk and w d Sweet . William- (late Hermit), Dcpend-on-Mc— Solo, beat Mr. F. Gosper ns r or I d Ivo, Jack — Flv. Messrs. Skarratt and Co.'s t b Parade, Sentry Go— Lassie, beat Mr. R. Best's bk and w d Sweep, Steel — Ycly. Mr. W. O'Brien ns r or 1 b Carnation, Ace *of Spades— First Lady, beat Messrs. Skarratt and Co.'s bk and w d Lawless — pedigree unknown. Mr. II. M'Quade's bk orbk and w b Molinara, My' Lord— Clio, beat Mr. 6. Bladen's bd and w b Bounty, Lelcx— Daisy. SECOND BOUND, Crabtree beat Lucy Clyde beat Buzabout Limavady beat Master M'Grath Countess of Kcw beat Sardonyx Ante-up beat Beach Sweet William beat Lookout Blue Pill beat Bruce Parade beat Carnation Pinion beat Lord Carrington Molinara a bye. THIRD ROUND. Limavady.beat Crabtree 1 Countess of Kew beat Sweet Anti-up beat Blue Pill I William Clyde beat Pinion | Parade beat Molinara FOURTH ROUND. Anti-up beat Limavady | Parade ran o bye. Clyde beat Countess of Kew - | DECIDING COURSE. . Mr. C. Wood's bk and w d Clyde, by M.D. — Spider, and his f and wd Anti-up, by Pluto — Stella, divided the stake. Metropolitan Purse,— For dogs beaten in the first round of the Metropolitan Stakes. FIRST ROUND. Primrose beat This Poll beat Lady Bandon Dart beat Ada (dr.) BiUy Bray beat Boccaccio Confusion beat Star Ivo beat White Star Maritana beat Beth Gelert Lawless beat Sweep Guard beat Jimmy Bounty a bye, SECOND ROUND. Primrose beat Dart (dr) I Ivo beat Billy Bray Confusion beat Maritana j Bounty beat Lawless Guard beat Poll | THIRD ROUND, Confusion beat Primrose I Ivo ran a bye Beunty beat Guard I ? FOURTH ROUND. Confusion 'ran a bye ] Bounty beat Ivo ? ? DECIDING COURSE. ? . Mr. 6. Bladon'E bd and w b Bounty, by Selex — Daisy, beat Mr. H. Mortimer's bk and w b Confusion, by My Lord— Cuo, and won the stake. Kent Brewery Stakes. Winner, gold bracelet ; runner-up, £4 ; third and fourth dogs, £1 10s. each. FIRST ROUND. J. P. Rugg ns bd or wb Lark, Birkdale — Gein Gein, beat J. Foggts f b The Fawn — I.'Amie — Reverie . ? C. BraddoclPs f and w d Tynnigham, Batherton— Thehias, beat J. Lawson'e f and w b Chance, Athol Rose— Minnie W. T. Jacomb's t d Justice— Jacko, Josephine, beat. H. Skipper's bd andw b Peerless, Good Authority — Lalage (dr) 11\. 0. Holcombe's r and w b Tatlira, Hathcrtoa— Temerity, a bye. SECOND BOUND. Lark beat Tynnigham J Tathra beat Justice. THIRD ROUND. Mr. Holcombe's Tathra beat Mr. J. Fogg's The Fawn, 