Tiaminr ?aa rr ? I xr a asamnaesmsl eau, TUESDAY. DECEMBER 29. 1885. Tan retirement of Messrs. Service, Kerferd, and Berry from the Governs ment of the colony means of course its break up, for though changes in the personel of a ministry may take place without its giving up the ghost, it is a thoroughly understood consti tntional rule that when the Premier leaves there is an end of the whole thing--at least forthe time. It is not quite easy to understand how the Government can get along without the three gentlemen just men. tioned. Their retirement brings Dun can Gillies to the front, and he may have with him our own representative, Mr. H. J. Wrixon, as Attorney-General So far as knowledge and talent go these two men are quite capable of governing the country, but neither possesses the inestimable gift of the power to govern men; ,they lack savoir faire, and are both" to old to acque it. James McCelloch, J. G. Francis, and several others whom we might mention, without 'the talent of either?M. Gillies? or Mr. Wrizim, -hal,* neiithelesi, the' power of managing the 'Assembly, which neither of these gentlemen has. S In regard to starting another Coali tion Ministry, that is a matter that a requires a good deal of consideration. The Service-Berry combinatin did very good work, and we should much like to see them have a new apell of power. But that is not to be, and we are not clear that now it would not be better to * is of comale &utiiiila;'·I-and but if tbasltther:party can return a majority of members to the Assembly (which we should greatly re gret) then by all means let them take j the control of things into their own hands, and retain the control until pub lic opinion undergoes a beneficent change and the -opposite palty has its opportunity. Wa are sorry to disappoint ocr subscribers in regard. to the almanso promised. The supply was expected to reach us on Saturday, but it will not now be in time for today's issue. I Ta Govt. Gazette of 24th Decem bet notifies that the application of James McGregor and Son, for tramway at Heywood is approved. There are graing are avail able at Lumbruck andoBepcha in Dandas, at Killara, Warrabkook, Kaladbr, MIontajap, all in the Hamileon district. Tao new freight rates for wheat carried by railway are published in a supple meat to Friday's Govt. Gareter Tan Trustees, Executors, and Agency Co., limited, whose advertisement appear, in another column, have seant us a "summary of the constitution, objects and adrantages" of their company. The Act No. 842 enables persons named as executor in a will to authorise the company to administer the estate ineteed of acting themselves. It en ables the next of ki of a person who has died without a will to authoriae the company to obtain administration in their stead. It en ables executors, administratorn, or trustees who may wish to leave the colony, or who may from any other cause desire to be re lieved from their duties for a time, to ap point the company in their stead, and sech appointment may at any time be revoked by the persons makfng it It cahbles executors or administrator, ke., with the consent of Supreme Court, to appoint the company to pestorm all the duties of such executor,, ad ministratore, &e; anl execstora, &c;, ,e appointing the company are relioeved from liability for anything done by the company while acting under such appointment. Tax new Princes bridge is given as a fall page illustration in last Friday's Baltie, and a pretty full description of the work to be undertaken saeompanies it. The contract, a1 we rentioned at the time, has been let to Moenrs. David Munro & Co. for a aum of £141,f96 Ta., 7ad is to be completed in two years. A aesoezrr of Casutrton on Christmas Eve supplied the widows of that town with the material for a Christmas dinner of the good old English style for themselves and familie. He has nw done this for a quarter of a cen tory, so that th e wridowa' dinner has berome one of the icjstitutiors of the town. The number of tho-e benefited is ono.nally small this year. Mr. Peachey, the donor, tells us (News) there are only sir widowsu in Clster ton who atand in any need of clreiltnce. We have received the Wimmera Star almanno and district directory. This i ea rrelly nusefulo handbook, as it gives par ticuare of all the' townships and settltmeent lthroughout the Wimmers district. 1 3e as. Jong O4arrtviSos; the : ~el-ko wa mau facttrers of th 'Welling t:n kofe polish," -Wellingta, black lead,' "rasn i ' eCot nislvere ith'a soap, &' &dt.;, whroe advertq , art ha appeared for maniy year in ths4 ii ann of the Poetraned Gard er is-, hsavaSj ; W'from the eommencement ab t t ?hsia ear to make up their Wellington ton ko bh in canisters at a penny two p tdeepeenpc, in addition to the ?d, 1., 2s. 1. and 4.. simen hitherto made. Na Pe doubt the change will tendtogreatly Inrease wt the ulieady enormoos consumption of this Cl world-wide household aticle. h Mbssea. MIcEvor & Co. request that as attentions " 'rawn to their advertisement lo which sp~ i soother column addressed to farInes, landholders, and cthers. They will be happy to furniah fall particulars to anyone desirous ofdoing busineeoswith them. si Moenas. FarAs: VTaL & Co., Of fBotham and Bllaran, advertise through our o columns that they are) menufactarers of machine belting in the most approved coo- i tinental and Amerian principleas.Their ei price lists and testlmoiahle will be forwarded aon application.: Or Friday last Mr. Robert cPher son, an old and respected resident of Eden t hope,, dmoId while bathing in lAke 0waFnaa-. .. . Is SMs. jaes , DaxorD, a sheep- i farmer residing near Mrino, put an end to b his life n Monday last by stabbing himself t with a knife while in a state of usound mind. CAemo, 26th December.-Meohkta Paha d the Tukisc special commassioner to lEgypt, attarrired here today. It a showing the interestthat is being mani feated in the forthcoming general eteotion for the egislativre Assembly, we (Atsoo) may a mention' that thirty-six persons took oat b electors' rights at Colercine last month, r agan? t erven of the previous year. a Tae Abiom etates that the threatened I drought in the Coleraine district may now be a consa?ered to be av?ted by the splendid rains that fell daring the early part of the t g week. No thunderstorm vimited Coleraine simila to thoee reported at Harrow and L other places, but on Monday eveninga steady ,_ downpour of rain se in, which contioned 1 the oemhoot the night and aated . only towards y noonon Tuesday, after thoroughly illing the e, wate- tanks. Farmers complain that the n rain h too late to be of any service to the crops, whilst it seriously retards operations Sin the hay-feld. Early potatoes will be t l liable t eecond growth, but late potatoe will otaie the fall benefit of the soistare.. The r effect of the rain upon the grss will maoteri. tf ally epend upon the nature of the easugI t wealher. ' 9 aAddeaide Ooser have it on the au. d thonty of an old boshmn, who has' been Stseelling ever alarge tract of counntry in the Nothb, that the blacks are predicting unus Sally heavy floods. Why they arrive at thin o consolomon is bencase. the sts are hliding their neatein the trees. It ha been observed r. by natntalistithat whenerai.tha?e ngacious or and busay workers forsake the soil and build thir nests in timber It'a i escape a violent death by drowning. By what instinct or premonition they acquire a knowledge that is hi idden to ma we cannot say, but certain it a that the blacks have acquired informa at tine from observing the habits of the ants, n, anl they are now of opinion that havy rains and big floods are imminent in the orth. ry The following is the prophecy of one of the to blaks,---"y ward big flood eomin, ant aake on nests in trees,. e mor'n 40 year r. ad. When yuong fellow. boat twenty, big 1 t fbod came down. Made budgery mess. Lots cattle and black and white fellow drowned, tobut ats all away dry up am trees. Black. t o iflleiI-tolao qt now. tiAts.tell em all F gy=` Ob I, Oa5i e i noas or the il this distiett, thlColmie As ias itha en thes· h1t tovember last, whil spyong man named Thomas O'Rourke was locking for sheep in' the scrub on the e- llMryrate rn, on the selection of Rchart ke Wade, he discovered a bor eontaining female lothing and other things. These articles rn ware taken charge of by Constable Loftas sad removed to the Harrowpolice station, so at tst they could be inspected by any person t dirnoos of doing so. On the 18th itot. SG(larles Langley, sea., called at the station, wren the articles were shown to him, and he at once identified a-piece of dress-,taff as poitio of a dress worn by Mrs. Cook. Mr. Imagley is father of Mrs. Cook, and he tra. as reled 90 miles to view the articles found, he lfestates that he has no beeitation in asying that all the articles belonged tobhidaughter. SMrs. Coot. It is most ialiafctory now to SkMw tha tthe ontents of the box area con netting link, and there cannot be any doubt n- that Mrs. Cook and her infant child were a mdred. Sill it would give greater satis e fation if Hobe;t Cook omld be found, in ad order that he would have the opportunity of il- givig an account of himself. t - TIE Araus of th 26th'inst. has the fol P, lo.wig:- ew Zealand=news for the week ending December 17. According to the re port prepared by Professor Kirk, there are at abou: I1,229,000 acres of land under forest e. which can still be otilised in the colony. The tmber sawmills in the various districts employ over 3,000 hands. Draft regulations have loen framed by the Goverament, with in a view to prevent the indiscriminate astagh ter of seals. It is proposed to lease lands Of along the emast line. to respaosible persons, of and to proclaim a close season from October as to May. A valuable and interesting collee to tion of Maorn implements has been found in the Waikato district, in a cave which was evidently used at one time ass a tmb Many a- of the waspons are strange, and unknown to ad the natires of the present day. Mr. Mat to thew Brnett, the temperance lecturer, has . cncloadea his mission tn the colony for the i ~ easnt, and returus to Taman.ia by the e Tarwer. He retora qtain oFebruary. M Br.cBaett has induced 12.000 perns to e- take the pledge, and has isued 14,000 blhe p ribbon.' Nhotwithtondlng the warnintgs h given to e Knooti of theb danger he will mt, he has eprecsed hi ineastlon of visiting y Porerty Bay, the soene of the masare of a settler which' were perpetrated by himself of and follower on hi. rcspe from the Chat. to ham Islands. The medals aweardei by the d. Royal Hnmane Socilety of A?utrals1l to the native chiof, Te' Wetere, and two otheri O natives, for having eaved the lires of two SGovernment enurveyors, were publeiy y ented at New Plymouth by Mr Blsc Kative Miniater-, ' , a Me. Tav'rT Sdenti,+ cti' bbe oitd au follows:--Cramat, Commereail:Hote l Wednesday. January ?20th; Pehurst, Peas- t Shurt totel. Thoraday,21eSt;ffamitin, Com. merciel otel, llday sad Satdelay,22ad ind S23rd; Cobleraine. Colerine Hotel. donday, I 25th; Merino, Meriho otele. Tovlsay, 26th; CI~tartos, Glenelg Hotel?-WernesJav, 27th; 'o Ctsiwymld, Chetwynd Inotel, Thorsdiy.25th; lflrrow. Hermitagpe linotel, Fridiay and Star. , day, 291th and 30th; Bamilton (retuorn), 'Monday Fehrrsy let; Portland, MUat's h otel. resday and Wedcesdny, 2nd and ' 3rd; fysnyn, F-,resters' Hote',Thure.lsy, 4th; . Macarteor, Victoria IHotel, Fridoy, 5th. Mn. ?. A. L RoBERTs, ,urgiral and e. " e bchanicallDentisot,KeplertrLt. Warruambool,c e can be too?no.td as follows -Caramut, P·arm. i I era' HoPel, Wodnelday, 21t October; Pens horst, toehuort Ho'el. Thorsday, '?nd; Hamitto, Vietoria Hotel, Friday, 23rd, sat; trdy, :4:h: P'ortland, 31Me's Hotel, Sonday, i 25th, tIouday, 20th, and Toesday, 27th; C Ma.Icrbur, Victoria Hotel, WVednesday, SSth; Belfa-t ;'ade's (Chemist), Thursdaly, g9tb.c artifchl teeth mountel on gild or rulo-n ite. froth stopoi, tlaed, and entroeted. Childrn', teeih regulatil. Patients waited I upon it their private reridence. Coeulta. n tion frea-Aca-r. 