,The Teapot Lid. The teapot stood upon a small table, near a window, which was draped with long cur tains. The teapot was said to be silver, and everybody, who said so knew it was electrd plate, but as it was the property of a molt irascible female, whose relatives knew her to be living far below her income, it will not surprise many if they are told that the said relations vied with one another in the by no means manly or womanly accomplishment of "sneaking." However, Jimmy did not sneak, though he had been carefully trained by an affec tionate mamma and papa for six months 1 prior to his visit to his auntnJane. He had listened to all directions concerning the mode of treatment most likely to please that lady, but did not say whether he would or would not obey, and acted exactly as he felt in clined when he reached the home of his aunt. His inclinations and those of the lady clashed before he had been half an hour in her presence, and they. would have clashed sooner had Jimmy seen the teapot before. He had been sitting silently gazing upon his auntn's sharp face, and thinking how desti tote of beauty it was, and listening to her sharp voice as she talked to a widely-smiling relation, when his bright eyes beheld the tea: pot, and he felt at once the necessity of ris. ing and examining it closely. Many a person has pondered over the ex. treme plainness of his features when reflected in a tin dipper. How wide his mouth, how narrow his eyes, but how- extremely long I The same result, only a little more so, await4 the student who surveys his countenance in a teapot. I mean a highly-polished electro plate teapot, of course; m the presence of aunt Jane we will not think of anything in the delf line, if you please. That lady's eloquence was at its very best this afternoon; she rattled away with great animation, asy ing the most cutting things possible to her leather.skinned relation, who smiled wider each time she was insulted. Jimmy, there fore, was quite unobserved for a short time, during which he had surveyed the reflection of his round face with great curiosity, and was by no means disposed towards vanity by what he saw; But he was really enjoying himself, there is no disputing that fact. The worse he looked the better heliked it, and, laughing gleefully, though not loudly, he continued his investigations until the pie. tures refused to appear at all, his breath hay. ing cast a gloom over their sport. A good hard rub with a coat sleeve was about to rep move the fault, when his aunt's sharp eyes fell upon her precious treasure. "You imp IM she screamed, flying towards him. " Oh, you dirty little'imp I' and she seized her teapot. Jimmy nearly jumped through the window with astonishment, so sudden was the attack made. "You're a wretch I" shrieked aunt Jane, polishing the sullied treasure. "1 ain't I" replied Jimmy, "and you better lookout. See thatl" "Look out I Look out 1 What am I to look out for!"gasped the astounded aunt, who had never been spoken to in anything approaching such language before. \-- .I.my.?sl-smtutheo.lightet idea himself of what she had to look out for, but he re peated his speech nevertheless. The other relation was aghast, and sat nearly petrified, while the undaunted Jimmy, with the quick perception of a sharp little colonial as he was, seeing that he was sur. prising the company, though ruining his future prospects, surprised them still more by saying that he'd be jiggered if he wouldn't breathe hard when he wanted to. "Not on my teapot then," shrieked his aunt. "If your teapot is handy, blest if I won't," said Jimmy. ' You imp I Yah I" screamed his aunt, who, incapable of exploding any more for the present, became speechless, though not motionless, as Jimmy discovered about one second after her exclamation, for it was finished up by a rapid movement towards her nephew, who, immediately afterwards, was sitting on the fender with a rapidly blackening eye, and a lump on his leg, which would be about the size of an emu's egg be. fore it had finished growing. "You think yourself smart, don't yer l". asked Jimmy from the fender. He was afraid to get up for fear of being knocked: down again, but he was very sarcastic. "Margaret," said his aunt, trying to bet calm ; " what time does the train, where, this young--yah--" she had actually to. in-., terrupt herself, so great was her disgust at being obliged to mention her nephew, but ashe picked up her courage again, and went on to ask what time the train left which would convey the young gentleman to the; armas'of his parents once more. Therelation smiled all the way round to the back of her head, and said she thought tonmorrow evening at six. Jimmy said "I'd rather go to the Benevolent Asylum than stay with yon till six to- morrow night.". To which aunt Jane replied " You'll soon be in Pentridge, so you. needn't be an object of charity before thei law makes you one-." h Having exchanged these compliments, the affectionate relations separated. Aunt Jane. eft the room, the relation of wide smiles followed her, and Jimmy began to concoct a scheme of revenge, and cayenne pepper,: with capital letters, came to his active mmind. "I'll make her sneeze her old nut off," soliloquised the revengeful nephew. He stealthily crept to the kitchen. ?uo one was present. Aunt Jane's solitary hand-. maiden was absent, but the cayenne pepper was present. "If I don't make her aneeze her old nut off," again soliloquised Jimmy, and hel straightway conveyed the pepper intothe; presence of theteapot. What he did to that teapot may be imagined by some, but as everybody has not got.the gift of imagine? tion had better mention the trifling fact, which is that James (we had better say James now that he is a conspirator) put about one pound and a half of cayenne, pepper into the teapot, and then sat down on the sofa, and waited for revenge I Boys of ten years of age are not patient, though, and James was only ten and a quarter. His copper-toed boots had onlyl 'langled from the sofa four minutes, when he Iegn.t to yearn for fresh air. "I'llclearout and have a game till it's darl," he soliloquised, and ont he went. "The shades of night were falling fast," lhen James, refresaed by foot- ball, p peared again.. There was no possibility of keeping himnil out of the sitting.room, for, with theeep. tion of the kitchen, not a glimmer of light stowed itself from any other room, The glimmer in the kitchen was exclusively de. voted to the devotions of Maggie, the genere servant, and Fredrick the butcher (followers were not allowed, but they came just the asnme as though they were); and Jimmy, thouegh not anxious to meet his aunt Jane, found that meeting compulsory. Afec tiooate greetings between a young man in the butchering or any other line, and a young person in service are not interesting to people of ten or thereabouts, and the butcher made James sick, so did Maggie, and he conoluded that the aittlg room would afford hbl Inr p ?quare isri the lrcaurlhanqe, So to the sitting.room he marched, .arid aunt Jane bestowed a glare upon him which meant hate, if ever a glare did. Now comes the startling part. I mentioned those long, thick window blinds before, and I said that the teapd? stood on a table, and the table stood near the window.. James, like the alien he was, only ventured inside of the sitting.room, and dropped down upon a foot-stool. Aunt Jane's ferocious glances were duly acknowledged by him, and, having scowled as savagely as he could, he began to look about him. Aunt Jane was crocheting, relation number one was doing ditto, so was relation number two, but as relations numbers three and four were of the male species, they couldn't crochet, so they smiled at aunt Jane, and tried to make that spinster believe that they were disinterested in their friendship. James' glances roved from one face to the other, without feeling much interest in any of them. He would have been pleased had aunt.Jane smilingly lifted the lid from the teapot; but no, she didn't approach the tea pot. It was most exasperating for a youth of Jimmy's lively temperament to sit there scarcely daring to breathe for fear of being ordered out, and to know that his eye was black, .and his leg swelling (all the more from football), yet no revenge seemed likely to reward his efforts. Aunt Jane's needle clicked, so did relation number one's, so did relation number two's, and both young gentlemen looked very agreeable. Suddenly, cliok I there was a strange sound. Aunt Jane gave a jump, and both lady relatives imitated her. " What's that?" said aunt Jane. Four relations looked wretched at the I thought that they could not explain. "What was that!" demanded aunt Jane again. ".A ghost," ventured Jimmy, quaking slightly for fear he should be right, but eager to say something unpleasant. " You go to bed," said aunt Jane coldly. "'Won't," replied Jimmy briskly. \- "Whatever could that sound have been !" I said aunt Jane, ignoring her nephew, be. Scause she saw no other way of treating that 9youth. ' "Oh, perhaps it's a-cricket," volunteered one young gentleman, and the other said it a was lucky to have crickets about a house, but Jimmy spoilt the illusion by saying that crickets didn't go off like a pop-gun. i "You go to bed," said aunt Jane again. " Won't," replied Jimmy, exactly as he a had said it before ; and hardly had the words escaped her lips, when : Click ! click click went the extraor. e dinary sound again. 'Aunt. Jane lbecame rigid, so did each a female relative, and the two young gentle. k men looked a little pale, Jimmy looked s artled, and began to wonder whether y, enne pepper was explosive. Aunt Jane looked towards the window. Tu e sounds certainly had come from that d eetilon, but the window was closed, and Sthough the slate roof of the house prevented t. from making itself heard, a pattering g und against the window denoted that Sshim was falling, and too heavily to en If ? !c p'ne in practicaljokes, if stan ' a unprotected outserir-- lick I click I click I click I most solemnly, it and down on the floor dropped one spinster, r, clasping the somewhat spare knee of aunt e Jane. "Aunt Jane I aunt Jaioe " moaned she; S"that was the teapot lid!" \- "Nonsense," said aunt Jane impatiently.; 't "Go to bed." That seemed to be her sovereign remedy for all ills. S"Is it the end of the world " asked the relation. Click I click I clicki click I Had it been a silvery moonlight light, with bright stars glowing from a clear sky, no one would have felt quite so bad. They might t have experienced a tremor, as spiritualistio 8 thoughts darted through their minds, but a it would not have lasted. Itis a very dif ferent thing, though, to get a supernatural feeling on a tempestuous stormy night. I Jimmy felt awfully, and would have em braced aunt Jane toshow his forgiveness for the injury she had inflicted upon him, had .he been able to move, but he couldn't, and while staring at the tea-pot with a pair of . eyes big enough for basins, he saw-that iden tical lid open as wide as ever it could, and then shut with a click I The mysteryof the 3 sound was discovered, but as the discoverer 5 was speechless from terror, no one was any the wiser, and Jimmy felt inclined to say his prayers without any more delay. He might have said them too, could he have spoken, but as he couldn't he sat as rigid as a.rock, and catching sight of aunt Jane's "nut" felt glad in a solemn sort of way that it had not been sneezed off through any agency of his. No one said much till they had got out of the room, which all proceeded to do very shortly. Jimmy, his copper-toed boots rattling like a pair of bones in the experienced hands of a Christy minstrel, was one of the first to depart, and as he left the room some diaboli. cal fascination caused him to look at the teapot, only to behold the lid majestically raise itself on its hinges, yawn and drop with a click again. It was myaterioss and alarming. The hearts of five adults and one juvenile sounded nearly as loud as the ticking of a clock so, at least, each possessor thought, as with dis tended eyeballs each terrified individual looked at the other. " Hardly had they got clear of the room, when snap, snap, snap, and ,click, click, click went the teapot lid, and not onlysix or seven times but dozens, and dozens of times-in fact, far worse than when they were present, and so loudly that they could all hear it with frightful distinct ness. Of course nothing hut a supernatural pre sence could canse such an extraordinary pro. ceeding. Everybody was agreed . on that point; for the sound alone was suggestive of spirit.rapping. Without cessation it kept up its lively strain for about ten minutes, when soddenly breaking through this now familiar soond came forth a most prodigious sneefe I "Good Heavens I" ejaculated annt Jane, "the teapot's sneezing I" It soon sneezed again, and kept it up, so thoroughly that it had to leave off its other performanoees for a minute, and a most manly sneezer it was, You would have thought it was a man and no teapot at all. Jimmy whose remembrance of cayenne pep. per in the teapot had not for one m6ment failed him, felt a little less frightened noiw. Biavely he approached bi aunt," Can I get round to that window from the bhack d6or " asked he. " I'dlike to havea ooslk intLrt room." "You want to go and look-at a room-full of evil spirits, do you I" asked his aunt insa sepulchral whisper. - - Jimmy had private opinions about the oc. eupant of the room, but he said he wouldn't mind looking at evil spirits if they were to' be seen. . His aunt, too miserable to be snappy, showed him the way out, and James, who had en'ticed the amorous butcher to scoom.i pany him, because he felt a little bitshlaky though he would have fought you had yonu said so-ran round to the window, bent oh discovery. The thick curtains nearly covered the window an theb blia4 ig note pallt down in consequence. As the window over looked a garden, there was no publicity. The two spies cautiously peeped through, and be held a slightly.built man seated upon the table, sneezing away as energetically as though he had come there for no other pur pose, and beside him the cayenne pepper in a heap, from -which rose a cloud of dhst as good as snuff for sneezing purposes. He had upset the teapot l So confident, however, was he that everyone who had been in the room thought the antics of the teapot had been caused by spirits that no fear of detea tion troubled him. He was dropping the lid up and down, and sneezing with perfect ease of mind, thinking that so long as the mysterious sound continued, no one would dare to venture back into the room. Greatly astounded was he, however, when two long. legged policemen entered, followed by the butcher, Jimmy, the two quaking young gentlemen, and the proprietor of the teapot. He was quickly overpowered, and taken off the premises. The room contained a chest in which aunt Jane kept her rent, and it was with the intention of possessing himself of this that the humorous gentleman had at tempted his trick on the teapot. It was afterwards discovered that he had hidden himself beneath the heavy curtains, having found his way into the room in th. dusk. By tying a piece of very thin silte r cord round the rosebud on top of the teapot lid, he had, by pulling this, easily opened it. It was impossible for anyone not suspicious of such a trick to suspect it, because the handle of the teapot was nearly hidden by the curtains, and the silver cord tied round the rosebud was invisible, unless examined closely. Had it not been for Jimmy's undutiful con duct towards his aunt, the robber would have succeeded in his design, so it is no use to be always doing right, that's evident, which is such a dreadfully immoral doctrine to teach that I won't continue the subject. Besides, I'm filling up too much space. 