OUR ADELAIDE LETTER. A PLEASING entertainment was given on Friday evening in the Kent Town Lecture Hall, the subject was " Robinson Crusoe," arranged as a service of song. It was rendered by the junior pupils of Hardwicke College, who looked as brilliant on the platform as a nosegay of flowers. It opened with the verse- Assembled here, let all prepare A pleasant hour to spend, While we unfold a story old About a 'well-known friend. Among the various pieces that were sung none perhaps harmonised more with the humour of the audience or the spirit of the occasion than the 6olo with chorus entitled "The Sunny Side," and especially the verse— If you have the toothache, things are not so bad, Some folks have no teeth that's formore sad! If your boots be faulty and your stocking shows, Be thankful that you nave ten toes. The audience filled the hall. The connective readings were given by Mr. S. Churchward, B. A. The chair was occupied by Mr. T. Rhodes, and the proceeds were in aid of Dr. Stephenson's Children's Home, London. OPEN-AIR SERVICES have still their mission to fulfil. Accordingly they have been conducted every Sunday night at the Central Market for some time past under the auspices of the Adelaide Ministerial Association. Last Sunday night, by a strange coincidence, three Wesleyan ministers attended—the President of the Conference, the Rev. S. Knight, and the Rev. A. Stubbs. The Rev. S. Knight showed that the ten commandments were for us and not against us, and urged upon the audience to get behind the gens. Next the Rev. A. Stubbs pointed out that neglect is always followed by inevitable ruin. The schoolboy's opportunity of acquiring knowledge once gone could never be recalled; his prayers and tears and reformation were of no avail to restore the neglected opportunity. The Rev. C. T. Newman dwelt upon the present as the time in -which their decision for God must be made. "Now is the accepted time." Large numbers were present, and a choir, assisted by an American organ, sang . several of Sankey's Songs and Solos. The people listened most attentively, the only disturbance arising from the young people playing in the outer circle. After a time young Australia was quieted down by the oversight of two policemen. Herr Reimers, who, with his long grey locks and lighted cigar and abstract air and wrinkled brow, flits about the city like THE GHOST OF A DEPARTED AGE, has recently posed in Garner's Rooms as a lecturer on spiritualism. His real purpose was to air his old grievance with Mr. K. Evans for the expose given some time ago in the Y.M.C.A. The attention of the audience was strained to the utmost by the rhapsodical style of the speaker, who skipped unceremoniously from topic to topic like a bird from bough to bough. His harangue was as wild and irregular as a streak of forked lightning. Its variety of subjects suggested the contents of the witches' cauldron in Macbeth— Eye of newt and toe of frog, Wool of bat and tongue of dog, Adder's fork and blind worm's sting, Lizard's leg and owlet's wing. How is it that when foreigners get into English communities they can't keep quiet? Why should they punish us for the kindly welcome we accord them by inflicting all their vagaries upon us ? Herr Reimers is a musician pure and simple, and he does excellently on the 'cello, but that is nothing to the splendid way in which he plays the " phool." THE PUBLIC LIBRARY is a literary snuggery, and its report, which has just been published, is full of suggestive figures. The tables of the library furnish accommodation for ninety readers, and the cry of the librarians is for more room. It is well for the visitor to know that the books are classified according to the subjects on which they treat. The library is divided into recesses or bays, each of which contains books on one or more subjects, which are noted by tablets on the top of the presses. On the ground floor, along the east side, are to be found the 1st recess—Encyclopedias, catalogues, &c.; 2nd—Reports of medical societies; 3rd—Travels, physiology, zoology; 4th—Biography, geology, chemistry. Along the west side, on same floor, are—1st—History, chronology ; 2nd—Moral and mental philosophy, Bibles in different languages ; 3rd—General prose literature (English) 5 4th—Modern foreign literature, poetry, and the drama. Similar arrangements are carried on in the galleries. At the examination the library was found to contain 21,993 volumes, of which (including bound newspapers), 13,591 were transferred from the late South Australian Institute, 7,674 had been purchased in London, and 367 were donations. Of the total number, 411 have been added during the past year. General literature numbers 1,784, while modern foreign literature only numbers 627\. An excellent supply of magazines is kept in the first gallery, and if the genius of young Australia is not developed it will not be because the opportunity of self- culture has been denied them. 50,988 persons have visited the library during the six months of its existence. THE KADIXA SHOOTING CASE has become somewhatfamous. An assistantschoolmaster named Thomas John Price, was boarding at the house of Mrs. Opie, Kadina, and was charged with the abduction of her missing daughter, a girl under sixteen years of age. As Price had given her £3 to pay her passage to Kangaroo Island, and had arranged for her to stay with his brother there, it is evident that he took an active part in the girl's escape from home. What his intentions were is not so clear, as they never met during her absence. It was at this juncture—while the girl was away from her home—that her brother, Owen R. Opie, went and attacked Price in the lobby of the school at Wallaroo Mines. "Where's my sister? "he asked, and during the scuffle fired a revolver twice without inflicting any injury. His Honor said—However honourable a man's motive mightbe in assisting a girl under sixteen years to leave her home, he had no right to do so against the will of the parents. The points for the juiy were—Was the girl nnder sixteen years of age, and did she with defendant's connivance, leave the possession of her mother against her mother's will ? Price was then acquitted. How about Opie ? He was sentenced to six months' imprisonment in the Adelaide Goal for defending his sister. I say let every right-minded reader sign a petition for his release! I have! ALEC FORBES. 