Local and General News. IIVoo/*-On Monday we observed sis lenran ladeu with " Milo" wool. Adavah;, which passed through the town, inkiiijr thu TamU» road, \\\fe are informed that the Adavale C'harleville rpad being closed to traffic owing to scarcity of grass and water, carriers have to takft tbe circuitous route rui lilackaU. The cattle were raiterably poor, and have evidently been on short common* for many months. We understand the " Mih»" wool is bound for Dulvadilla, the present terminus of the Southern and Western railway. Billiard Tournament-A prolonged and rather amusing tournament has been con cluded this week at the new billiaril room nt the Uarcoo Hotel. The handicap d:d nut pive universal fiatiafaction, n cut lie man from the lledc a»d Kuckct country bcinR place I 30 behind scratch ; and the representative of Cobb & Co. having to give 25 to the laird of Middle Park. The most leniently treated were the local medico and an embryo banker, who were allowed 100 points out of 2G0. The two neophytes made the uio^t of their chances and beat their respective opponent!--, the doctor finally outmastcring bis commer cial opponent after a tough struggle winch lasted over two evenings, and was watched with breathlebS attention by an cxoited though silent crowd of cuc«drivi»ra. 'the "Ancient," who oncc fattened beeves on the bpinnifex country was ignoininiouMy de feated, and the Uauks whereon the wild thyme doesn't blow was rather easily dis posed oi, and the boUler «jf ewbome acid paa who played h good game, lowered his cue to the masterly performance of bis antagonist, who bosses* the sentry box opposite Moss comer. In tbc final flutter between ihw distinguished amateur and the man who wields the stethescope the former amidst loud cheers ecorcd the victory. A "coifed" telegram from Arnroac give' ub the astounding information that Mr. fray Smith, from Somewhere, intended endeavor ing to run off Cobb & Co., ice., &c.; Well, we arc sorry we cannot give a free advt., tunes wont run it ; Cobb & Co, pity for their advertising, and any opposition couecrn will have to do likewise. Water Supply for Blackall. - Agreeably to the request of the Municipal Council, Mes-rn. HavlucU, Budge, Campbell, Hanks mi'1 Wicker met 011 Tuesday morning, ami rode up and do»n the river to wlect the site for mi overshot dam. Mr. Hanks favored a spot not far from tlie Hospital, l>ut a gcnerul objection was raised on tlie ground Ibal tbc dam would nbsoib the town drainage. Mr. Havlock rcromraended a site wePt of the hirge billabungsat the Chinesegardens. Mr. Campbell preferred ilie tile selected by liini two years ago opposite tbc present dam, and where cost of construction would be leant i expensive. Mr. Iiui! l'O was of a siinilai opinion. After examining the different places and di>cus<ing the advantages and defects of each, the balance of opinion appeared to be in favor of Mr. Haylock s choirc, being a continuation of Woodbine street wilb stone caw-own}- across the Harcoo at tlie Malvern crossing, no doubt a great and useful though very expensive undertak ing. A Silent Vote.- Residents will remember that ivbcn B r Thomas Mellwraiih passed ibr..uglt Blackull la-t April, a deputation acquainted linn with the impecunious condi tion of tbc Blavkall District. Hospital; Siv Thomtut bi'Ciime apparently iniprcs-cd with the nece.^ity of (Jovemwient rendering Eub gtantial assistance lo the Institution, and out of the fulness of his sympathetic heart pro mised to do his utmoat to get a grant put upon the estimates for the benefit of the wordiv Hospital, How well lie kept hi* promise I When the allowances to charit able institutions were under discussion, every item wus debated. Willi the solitary exception of a miserable in aid < f tlie Hlaekall Hospital, which passed witbont a word being urged fr.im either side of the House of the advisability of increasing the handsome donation. Sir Thomas waspresent and spoke not a word. Comment is unnecessary. It is time we returned n sensible independent man for member-one who will act, not make vain promises. 44 Our John1' was extreme!} sympathetic at bis meeting here when the Hospital question cropped op, but where wa< be when tlie Cluck all grant came before the House. Kc'uo answers " Where l" Died. -When we went to press Inst Wednes day evening, we stated very, little hopes were entertained of the recovery of John Herbert, who it will be remembered, received a com pmmd fracture of the 8kull by being stro«4 with a rail at old Alice Downs the previous, Tuesday morning. The unfortiinate joun|: moa~ never recovered consciousness, and jffiliMlflS fast at,7.80 on Thursday mom-' tfigT The Oddfelluwa, of which Society deceased was * raoiutar) took charge «if Ibe funeral, and the lefeiySgefe fullo»od across ihaptaU. IntbeflflW&by; warty alljhe. jgrtiVlii ii nf and nifcny ot our lflp tng roabtenu. Dc^u^d was about 24 years of age and undHried; Ms only known relative in AusimK is an nuut residing at smtahuTej," yiotXiria. 4 DipatiartX-Mr. W.,H. Campbell, late of this na|ier, has departed for a spell south. He purposes making n leisured tour through New Khglatid, the scene of his early journalistic ctuoer, and will return to Blaek iill, if the drought breaks up, some time next year. Sudden Death. -Those who saw John Rus sell taking part in poor Herbert's funeral on Thursday afiernoon last, little thought that a few days later they would have to follow him to his last earthly resting place. But such is the instability of human life-'-Here to-dBJ, cone to-morrow." Mr. J. Russell took to his bed on Saturday, Buffering we believe from calculus, and such was the progress of the attack that death ensued on Monday evening. The largeness of the funeral to the afternoon was a proof that "Jack's" efforts with hi< Amateur Minstrels to afford an evening a amusement, combined with practical assist ance towards tome charitable purpose, were appreciated. An Eagle Hawk.-Mr. Jasper Vivian lately captured a yuuttg specimen of the eagle hawk species, and a few nights ago brought the bint to onr sanctum for inspection. The bird, although very young, being yet nnable to fiv, measures 4ft. 1 lin., and can stow away a couplc of p mnds of beef steak with the greatest of cai-o. It already pter*nts quite a formidable front, and if its owner succeeds in taming it he will accomplish a feat to be proud of. We notice Mr. Vivian is cB'abhsh ing An aviary, and bis fislabHsnmcnt will coon present a tninatnre Crcroonie gardens (not the Ilockhainpton one). Religion v. Etiquette.-We have received a letter complaining of neglect towards the late J,. Herbert, by the If. C. priest, and subsequently by the C. of E. clergyman. Of the Mricturcs passed upon the It.C. priest hood wc can Bay nothing; douhtless it in ..rough" for a Itomatiiet to bo denied the rites of his church because he had not attended confession, &c.;, especially, ns our correspondent 6fa<es, men working in the bu4i cannot come miles to hear mans on a Bundny, ami attend confession, in the present Ecasoii, but the members of that Church are compelled to conform to a certain discipline, elne they arc debarred front the privileges granted by that Church. But our correspond ent UOCB an injustice to the Qlmreh of Bur land clergyman, when lie snys Mr. Richards refused spiritual conflation to the dying man. Herbert was a ltoimm Cathol'c, and tl e Uev. Father G«Hagher tvas in town ; it would not have been right for the C. of E. clergyman to attend the uncone.-iotis man unlet# nuch a wi^b had been expressed by him, but of rourne being inscnnible he was nnnblo to make any request. Hut Mr. Kiohnrdb spent half an hour or more the prav'oiR evening at the Hohpitul. nnxions to do anything In bU^ibxver to relieve the dying rann, and at the request t,f soroo friend* read the Uhuvch of Knglxnd Commeudatcry O/firr, which was as much an ho could do. At the time appointed fur the funeral Mr. Richard* was wailing to bn asked In a'tend ; but finch request wnfl n^rcr^nadp.. V h«« nl ? ays b^n Mr. lltch&rdn1; nim to avoid clashing Willi other denomination?, and we are^ura. all -Jftho «rc awnre of the cCrcufB«iiilHg will <win(4de in our optnUmi- that ]]»e wof J&. clfhryijnaji did oil hp ooulfl in t^piamcntahle I T /mPortant.-The mail service between I Lisiowel aud Adavule bus been discontinued [ for the preseut, owing to the drought. Com , municHiimiR for Adavale and nurroundings j Will bo fent na G'lmrieViUe. Municipal Nominations.-At noon on Tuesday ih»i it-ituining UJticer announced that he had received the following honiiiip tions for alderman, tice Mr. U itytfer, resigned, vir. :-James Patterson, driver, nominated by Messrs. K. H. Oleii. JnmoH Mchcnzic, W. H. Campbell. K. H. Ahnfddt,. and r. A. Aitken ; Jnmes Murdoch, bu'.cher, I nominated by Messrs. John Chapman, T»ioi j Fifzgcrald, Ucnipe Kw^.tnh, Ihiban ! Richard I.anc, ami Junios McL'olloch. There I being mure candidates notninntod than there ] are vncancicf, n poll will be tnkrn on Tt:c« day next, at Nevile & Co.V office, (iom 9 a.m. to fi p.m. Doth the catididutoH being well known resident*, it is to be Uncd tbe bust man will be chosen. Church of England,-The following Ad dress of Wcicoinu 10 i he new Bishop of Itris> banc has been forwnrded to lil.ickall by the »icnr-Gcneral, AicfiU'eocon Glcunio. It will lie at the Court House on Sunday next for signature /-"To the Kight Keverend Father in God, Uilliam Thornhill Webber, D.D., bv Divine pennigMou liihbop of Ijrisbsne, in the Colony of Queensland. May it please your Lordship,-We the undersigned cotootunicnnt I members of the Church of England in this , diocese, desire to approach your Lordship with tl.e reverence due to the high and holy ' c® which you hove been called in the Church of God, and with the ieelings of I respect and duty which we would ever | cherish to our Father in God. We derire to j congratulate yoar I,ordsbip on your safe | arrival among.-t us nnd to express ourgjyiti j tuife to the Almighty Father for- lmving j vouchsafed (o you His divine protection j throughout the perils nnd danger* of your | royngc. In the person of your Lordship who lias tiow been called to the chief rule over us, we recognise one whow life has hhown conspicuous earnestness in the Kcrvice , oft Christ and ii<s Church. and getf denying i labour for the good ot others. We have lenrnt with unmixed pleasure of the love and esteem in which you were held bv all classes j of the community, ami of the good works whii-h you have aucomplUhed during a lengthened and arduous ministry as priest of a populous parish in lxmdon. We have heard with pr»*at gladness of your care tor Christ's people, your zeal for the spread of ilis King dom, your energy in fostering all schemes for the .nlueation of the young and ignorant, as well as your loyalty in maintaining unim pared the doctrine and discipline of onr beloved Church; and, we feel sure that the distinguishing qualities for which yon havo gained such worthy honour will shine with no diminished lustre amongst u*>. We bail your I/ord*hip's appointment as Bishop of this Dioce.«c as a fresh link in the chain of love and unity which binds us to our Mother Church in England, nnd we I rust that your advent nmongbt tis will give a fresh impetus to Church life and Church work in Brisbane and throughout the diocese. In conclusion we earnestly pray that U,c blessing of God Almighty, f|n« Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, may ever and abundantly be with you ; that your life may be long spared to admtniFter the affairs of this diocese and to adorn the Church, and that a rich harvest of 6UCCCM may attend your Episcopate so that God's glory tnny be set forth in the salvation of nouN, and in the spread of Iiis Kingdom, and iovc and loyally to our Church more fully established in the hearts of her many children in this great and growing colony. -We lemain, my Lorl-Your tanUhipV faithful and obedient children in Chi ist JOSUR." Kargootnah Diuisionat Board.-A special meeting of this Board was held on Thuwdar afternoon of last week. I'racut Messrs. Campbell (chairman), Davidson, Ca*ey and I'hiMp.e. (J./jvt'spondence was read from Mr. F. C. .Shaw, managing for Cobb & Co.. asking for certain repaiis to crossing of Bnrctto River at A vington. From Shiw & C k, mint ing prices for wire netting, &c.; From the Colonial Treasurer in reply to a request that the Government would put down two bores on Jericho road, enclosing a report from the Hydraulic Engineer on iho utibject^ From Mr. T. Orchard| accepting situation as Clerk of Works. It was decided that the newly appointed Clerk of Works should inspect nnd repi.rt upon state of river crossing at Aviug ton with a view to its improvement. After considerable discussion the Hoard decided lhat a letter should be sent to the Colonial Sjreasnrer, correcting the inaccuracies in the jgiroratt/fc Engineer's report, which caused jBHUj amusement, Mr, Henderson having iHVnid apparently (ocalculate the additional ioljajUatrifoe between Jericho And of disfancets-an ^^i^^rable importance in the pwwS^»M when rxilwuy freights are ft1»out 2d. ]>er mile In exc^ of carriers* rates. The ChiUrman reported tfavt he hod examibed the dam at Wallnla Creek, and was of oiiinion that it Mrould require nearly 2000 yards of earth to top up embankment and complete same; that be bfed pegged out excavation up Rireani, and engaged Mr. W. fiutor to lake out 600 yards at H1 K)« , pundlng f#tthcr in- J stroctions. She ^dard dccidcl (liafflhe CMeTTTt of Works be instructed to iippcctthe work, | sod the cootractor be AQiborfeed l tha20M) yatds contolntii orso muoh as was pJete the embankment. M^nPB|BrKlucetl plans and specifications foiVavrlng, pumps* and (roughing f"r N0". j, yand 8 lanj:,| .Jenotao H>«1, in.whjcti 6nmi Klipht ametij menle were made, ©i account for £20, V. Desgrand, marklo^mllQ trees^and surveying roiul through scrub, Jericho &oad;, was pnssed for payment. Mr. Casey BlBted thot the or/ago at Hope Creek had been again reporied as unntfe, and raid he would examine it and find ont what was wrong. Mr. Campbell ala od that as be was leaving Blacks!), and would not be back until ofter the annual elections in February next, be took ibi* op/wriiiftjfy of tendering bis resig nation, nnd proposed that Mr. R.G.Casey, of Terriek, be elected Chairman for the current year. Seconded by Mr. I'hillips and carried. Don't Head This.-" Nellie, where is Olive ?" The epeakcr was a beautiful blonde girl of eerenteea winter*, w/th merry, laugh ing blue eyes, aud long, tippling, wiivy hair. "Olive bafi gone down by the river for A walk,1* answered Nellie? "well, I will go and cooce for her,'1 said Maud, and picking Up her large sun hat, she skipped out of the room, and with a little trouble piloted her self to the river. (She held her hat in one hand and the Western Cfumpivti nowspaper in I he other; her beautiful tresses streaming in the breene, elic looked perfection perfected. t% Cooeu." rang out her clear, 6ilvery voice. The girl waited a moment for the answer, but only received the echo from the surround ing bills ; * Cooee" rang out the clarion voice ngain, and before the echo died away the clattering of a horse's hoofs drew the girl's attention, and terming round 6hc SAW her couKin George coming towards her at a ter rible rate. .. Hullua hcn», what in the name of (hundcrfcnll this row about," «iid George, on coming t»|> to where his fail cousin stood. 41 Oh, George, I am cooeeing for Olive" " Ah, ab, ah, J espect you are; the fnct nf the matter is you have lost yourself." "I have done no fttch thing, sir/' said Maud, joining in the Jniigh. "I'll wager you can't point the direction home,1M teased George. "Indeed I cnti," replied fclaad, a little pioqucd, an 1 with her pretty little hand she poiuted to the couth instead of tho north. " Oh, oht oh, oh," roared George, ** 1 thougbtso; a preny bufhmnn yon would makr>, f don't think," and springing from his horse ho cauglit his pietty co'iGitt in his arms and pressing h^r io him 6aiil, " One kis>, and T will 6how you the road home." Maud did not resist'or scream («hc had better setre), but raised her lovely, blushing faro to his nnd gave him ft k-, nothing of the kind, hut n notice in (he Wrjtrt'ft Chhmpinfi newspnper, 10 tho effoct that W. H. Banks is Mill on the W.ul, Man's war path. Having 6wallowed two doublc-barmfled volnmcs on eluculion, three diftinnarics and fkoarlthro<itic«|he(W.H.fe.) i-< thnroughly prrpntcd lo^xpoMnd bin iitenK (imtlinntetiiHry), hi* opinion of the working class, how ih>?y (Hie woiking ola^s) should ! be treated, nro trca el, and will tie treated, W' en they rill to fee [AnVT.J thfj K.S. Wales Assembly, it wn^ stated that £U6,000 wouM pay nit expend in e:nneetion frtth the late Soudan plecSe. 