Melbourne. May 3. The South Australian Jockey Club meeting commenced on the Flemiugton racecourse on Saturday. The weather wns fine and the Governor and Lady Loch were present. There was a good attendance on the course. In two eveuts on the programme the fields were good ; but in three other races five horses was the maximum. The following are the results : — First HuriiIjK Race.— Sir Patrick, 1 ; Old Soul, 2 ; Echo, 3. Two other horses started ; a good race ; won by a neck. Time, 4uiius. 2Jsecs. St. Legeb Stakes. — The Broker, 1 ; Silver King, 2 ; Sandal. 3. Won by a head. Only three started. Time, 3mius. 213secs. Goodwood Handicap : 500 sovs ; 1 mile. — Lantern, 1 ; Lord Wilton, 2 ; The Ghost, 3. The other starters were Ring wood, Middlemarch, St Lawrence, Alphabet, Anchorite, Hazard. Kingship, j St John, Topaz, Duenna, Umberton, Willeroo, Carbuncle, Ironmaster, Marie, I Louise, Uncas, aud Berkley. The bet ting was 100 to 30 against Topaz, 6 to 1 against St Lawrence, 8 to 1 against Lord Wilton, 10 to 1 against St John and Lan tern ; 12 to 1 against Middlemarch and Duenna. Lantern won easily by three lengths. Time, 1 min. 44 sees. Sibes Produce Stakes : Juanna, 1 ; Remus, 2 ; The Teacher, 3. Only three started aud Juanna won by three lengths. Time, 1 min. 20 sees. Victobia Handicap. — Pyrette, 1 ; Islander, 2 ; Honore, 3. There were thirteen starters. Pyrette won by half a length. Time, 49J sees. A large fire occurred here yesterday iu Messrs. E. L. Yenckeu and Comp's oil color stores. Flinders- street East. It appears that one of the employes, while working in the cellar, after lighting the gas threw a piece of burning paper into a heap of sawdust that was put down to absorb the leakage from one of the oil drums. Iu an instant the mass took fire, and the flames spread rapidly to the open oil kegs, and, fanned bv the draught, rushed up the lift aperture to the top story of the building, where a large quantity of paper hangings were stored. Owing to the inflammable nature of the contents of the building, and the suffocating smoke, the firemen were pre vented from getting a mastery over the flames for some time. The building, which is a new one, belongs to Mr. Fink, M.L.A., aud is insuied. Messrs. Venckeu's stock, which is valued at £2-5,000, is insured up to £16,000. The damage done by the fire is estimated at £6000. Further representations will be made to the Imperial authorities with regard to the Federal Enabling Bill. Mr. Ser vice received a telegram asking what course the Government intend to pursue with regard to the amendment on the withdrawal clause to enable any eolouy retiring from the Federal Council to ah- ' rogateauy Jaws passed during federation. Mr. Service has advised the Agent General as to his further action when the bill has passed the House of Lords. Mr. Service would have accepted the bill, al though objectionable, if it had induced New South Wales aud New Zealand to join in the federation, but he considers that the amendment makes the bill utterly worthless, aud he will communi cate with the other colonies regarding a joint protest against the bill. There has been considerable excite ment for some time past in the neigh borhood of Chiltern, caused by a large Bengal tiger which escaped from a travelling menagerie at Mansfield some time ago, and has since been killing sheep, goats, etc., in the Wangaratta dis trict. Oil Saturday night the animal was seen by a railway gatekeeper, and a number of members of the rifle corps with several police turned out, and shot the animal dead. 