a Vision. : (UY OUR NEW CHUM REPORTEI). 'IEm other mght we paid our two bob like a man and 'went to the stalls of the theatre to see a blood-ourdhlng production entitled " The Female Detective." Between tbhe acts our attention was in a remarkable manner directed to the drop-curtain which hid the beauties of the stage for the time being from our gaze. They had retired, no doubt, to change their dresses or add to their charms with powder, heresfoot, and other mysteries judiciore'y applied. We had been sitting mn the stalls admir ing the versatile Clara, when the curtain dropped with a suddenness that could only be accounted for by the superabun dent energy of the prompter's boy be hind. It was a warm night and we panted for a drisk to which we were the more inciiied through a murderous " vision-sceca" that had almost mado our hair stand on end, and lwhich had just been hidden from view. But when the curtain fell all desire to leave the theatre had van shed ; we remained spellbound to the spot,.charmed with a lovely vision in front, to which that of Clara and all the other beauties of the stage faded into utterinsignificaucP. This vision took.the place of the other that had sunk beneath; the waves. What is it then? Isitapart of the play; is it a dream; or is it a living realitcy ? A splendidly-mounted horsewoman fills the centre of the stage; daintily caparisoned in riding habit, on a noble chestnut charger that is leapingla Iidt. fence with the lightness of a grey hound. The- face of the equestrienne fascinated us; there was an animation, a dash, and a holdness about the whole thing that fairly rivetted us to our seat. Wre icit all knowledge of the things around us, and in tihe daring horsewoman only saw Nellie Reid, the Queen of Charinli's arena, or the Lady Gay Spanker of "London Assurance." We were not .the s only admiring. spec :tators of ithe graceful creature as her steed breasted the hurdles, for we noticed to.the right of her, leaning in a sad and pensive manner with his face upon liis hand and his elbow resting on the ruins of London Bridge-we noticed, we say, a gentleman of aristocratic bear. ing who was evidently " far gone " on the horsewomean. He isin full evening dress and possesses the most classical, not to say nobly intellectual features, which seem quite fumiliar tous, but we cannot " fix" him at a;1. We do not however fail to admire the quality and cut of his evening dress. Bult we leave him gezing on the vision of beauty flying" through space to take a glance at a gentlemen in a light tweed suit on the opposite side, who is, like the rest of us, "all eyes " for the centralfigure. Now, although this fellow is remarkably well dressed in well-cut and fitting clothes, and is by no means bad-looking, he doesn't appear to us to have the ghost of a show with he other fellow, whose face, as he aain turn our eyes upon him, revolves itself into the well- known features of Cobley-the :only Cohley-the indefatig able manager of the Newcastle branch of Suminerfield and Co. And here the scales fall from our eyes, and we see before us simply an advertising drop curtain devoted to the interest of the firm in question, showing a lady's riding habit, a sack suit, and an evening dress, each o'f which is fitted on the form divine with the mo?t scrupuious-exactness. " A roll, by Joye i.' we exclaim to ourolyes,.whensan hand .is clapped on. our shoulders,:aud a :hoeiery voice sings out, "What do you thinr.lof it, old man ? " Turning, we find the only Cobley himself, with a smile onii lim that was never excel!led for extension of mouth display by Madame Soldene hrrself. ' Wal, it's not bad," we reply," butt that 1:leness of you is al.ogether too:f'0attet ig." " Me ha hl~nged I exelaimed Cobley, renklees of 1 indely-Murray '!i's not mniant, for me-its far "too cool-loolking." " Well. now we ccim tIo olok at:it agaii ;,! '.we sn,y " You ar*e kight;.but who is the artist-it is by no mueans a bad painting i" •"The artist,'Mr Cobleyrepmcs proudly, "is Mir. Parkinson, and a capital job he has made of it." "Well, we daresay he hs, but its-a remarkable thing we can't go any where but we are confronted by some thing about Summerfield and Co." "Ah, that's the beauty of it," cries he ; "but come and have a drink 1" Which we do, being firmly convinced that when a certain humou:ous writer of the present day wrote a funny story about " Oobley on the move," he had our Newcastle Cobley in his eye, and no other.' - . 