CiJiso10 Or M]!LJIO URN]]. (BY Tue GInoRs.) The most recent cablegram in connection with the Soudan business l5 that the offers of an Australian contingent will ie5 ac cepted by the home authorities if renewed in the autumn. That they will then not be again proferred requires no great gift of prophecy to be able to foretell. The cold water pumped upon our patriotism by Downing-street and the Horse Guards, has effectually quenched the military ardour that Mr. Dalley's action kindled into a blaze, and even the enthusiasm of Mr. Ser vice has been damped; His characteristic and national caution has coine to his aid, and the Victorian Premier has during his past week's retirement at Sorrento, appa rently realised the fact that " discretion is the better part of valour;" thus antici pating the' prevalent feeling that pervades the soldiering part of the colony, now that time has enabled our would-be warriors to count the cost at which their laurels would have to be won. Whesn Parliament meets to consider the propriety of renewing the Victorian offer of help to the old country, our patriotism will-like the courage of Bob Acres-have oozed out at our fingers' ends, and almost to a man the people's representatives will resolve that the posi tion of affairs in regard to possible Euro pean complications has changed so mate rially, that there is a chance ere long of every Australian being wanted on the spot to defend what Mr. Berry terms his "earth and 'ome." But even should the political horizon become clearer than it now is Bismarck alter his bullying tone, and the Russian bear slink away before the roar of the British lion- there is not the re motest chance of Parliament ever sanc tioning the despatch of- troops to Suakin. To permit the departure from our shores of a thousand or so of marriageable young men-to say nothing of those who have already become benedicts-would be in the eyes of the fair sex an unpardonable offence; and although the ladies of Vic toria do not yet; despite the efforts qf Mr. Sphiels, possess the electoral franchise, they are here as elsewhere a power in the house hold, and both the Premier and the Chief Secretary are such well- known "squires of dames," that they will assuredly do froth ing to offend or cause inconvenience 'to " the better half of creation." - And if Parliament does not sanction the sending away of bone and sinew, still less will it look with a favourable eye on the proposal to send cash to help the "grand old man" out of the muddle into which he hris got himself and the country over whose des tinies he unfortunately presides. To bor row money one year, and give it back as a free gift to the lender the next, is a somewhat ridiculous pro ceeding, and one which none but the brain of a financier like Mr. Mirams could possibly have evolved. In regard to the offer of money it is rumoured that the first in tention of the lion. member for Colling wood was to offer a thousand contributing scrip in the Mont de Piito Company as the nucleus of a patriotic fund, but that he withdrew the offer on learning that Mr.Vox, as Cmhairman of the Lunacy Commission, had been considering the propriety of making. arrangements in order to add to the ac commodation now available in the various asylums, as his contribution towards carry ing out the objects of the Soudan cam paign. No need is there for the Victorian populace to raise the cry of. Pantem et circluscs. A paternal government provides both, and what is more, needs no asking. A few days since a picnic of the iron workers of some upcountry towns wits organised, and the train-At reduced fares -duly conveyed its quota of, pleasure seekers to the metropolis. On arrival the excursionists were met by a number of cicerone, appointed by the Ministry, and shown over the "sights" of Melbourne. They were conducted to the Museum, the, Public Library, the Houses of Parliament, and, in fact, all the lions of the place, in cluding those of the Zoological Gardens, were brought under their notice. Does not this thoughtful solicitude on the part of the powers that be, for the due enjoy ment of the pleasures of "the many headed," add yet another to the already many-existing proofs that the colony is in very sooth " a paradise for the working men ?" Before, however, it becomes an Eden without a serpent for the unfortunate babmnco of colonial humanity that cannot lay claim to be included among the "'orny anded," the Railway Commissioners have still some work to do. These high-salaried gentlemen have now been in office for upwards of a twelvemonth, and not one of the much needed reforms on the State's lines has yet been carried out. The first class :carriages are 'still as dirty as ever, and the second as hard seated and draughty, while both are still at night pervaded by that "dim religiouslighlt" that makes reading an impossibility to the traveller. The civiity of the railway porters has not grown pro portionately to their numbers, nor have the facilities to country residents in the way of return tickets been en larged. Has the ris inertiw of the depart ment proved too great for Mr. Speight and his colleagues to overcome? As the railways were in the beginning when the Commissioners assumed the reins of management, so are they now, and ap parently so will they ever be. Instead of King Stork succeeding King Log as was generally expected, King Log II. has suc ceeed to the State railway throne. Mr. James Munro has been feted and testimonialised by his friends and ad mirers, prior to his departure on a visit to the old country. In full accordance with the fitness of things, thedemonstration was held in the Temperance Hall. Moreover, Mr. Munro was invested swith ambassa dorial functions. The honourable gentle man was deputed to impress upon the British Government the advisableness of compelling the Papuans to become mem bers of the Blue Ribbon Army. Now Mr. Munro,as a staunch Protectionist,favoured the subsidising of the bottle factory at South Melbourne. If asked by Lord Derby how he can reconcile his desire to encourage bottle making with his desire to abolish the use of the article so manufactured, he may find it dilfieult to reply. Unless in deed, at the factory favouredbyMr Munro, only lemonade and ginger beer bottles are turned out. Were evidence required thlat tlhedwellers in Australia live in an antipodean region where things are naturnlly somewhlat topsy turvy, it would be found in the fact that the Adelaide race eectings arc hencc forth to be held oa the :Melbourne acae course To this complexion has the abo lition of betting and the legislation against the totalisator, brought "tthe national pastime" in thie sister colony. The reciprocity treAty with Tasmania still continues to provoke the dissatisfac tion of thie frit and lop growers, ewho fancy that thseir interests will be adversely affected by thle contemplated clhange. And according to all accounts thie Tsmanian people are not very much enamoured of the "new departure." So strong indeed will be the pressure broughlt to bear in the Vic torian Parliament, that it is far from improbable that MIr. Berry's first and only Attempt at inaugurating " intercolonial free trade" will prove abortive. Tasumania is to be asked to impose duties in order to assimilate hler tariff to thle one in force in Victoria. For hler own sake it is to be hoped she will noet assent to the proposal. "To the ire all things are ple." So evidently thought the Melbourne "coelle Iujahla ess" whlo wes last week discovered by the police usder cireuansianecs some what compromisl'f to her character for chastity. When asked by th Police Mag ietrate at the City Court, whether she did nbO deem it wrong to be found in bed with a gentlemid twithout having undergone the formalities prescrib'cd by the church or the registrar, the young dalui.l coolly replied, " I see no harm in it." It would tbe intdr ceting, to know whether the answerwas prompted by ignorance or impudence, or whether it is the result of the morality in culcated in " the Arsy.;:' 