THE NOVELIST. A SECOND LETE.* Br Mas, AiiintAimBB, Adthob or " Tab Wooiuro O'x." VOL. IL CHAPTEB 17. Mildred returned home wew, yet iu good Spirits* With aaenseof' relief she ma up to her room, where she found a tea-tray set out with ?* Itgfctlp cimiiw frtjffJj The day had been a utrain open her nerv^. In spite of her roaanmngB with heraelf,ahe dreaded every opeuag door, e*ery Bound of thebSlC leat some formear acquaintance ahoirid in and denounce her as a runaway wife. She felt calmer, steadier now. The whole tone of the Griffith household assured her Sat there was small danga ofenwujntering any of the set with whom Mr. Welby and his daughters associated. ^ , The surroundings of the EcclestoMqoare family formed a magic circle within which sue might be safer than at the Antipodes. She had hardly removed her cloak and bonnet when Mrs. Leavett camejin, breathless iiom too rapid an ascent _ "Well, my dear child (you II excuse the words), how did you get on? Was the old lady as bad as Miss Davia told us ? "Shewas not so to me,by anymeana, replied Mildred, and proceeded to grve a history of her day. " It does not sound ao boil, 1 must say, remarked Mrs. Leavett, proceeding to make the tea," and it is surely better than teaching small shopkeepers'children." " The great advantage is the secluded lite Mrs. Griffith appears to lead, and the class of people she lives with. But, dear Koo, I did not realise what a tremendous trial of courage it would be to face strangers with this horrible sense^ of being an impostor weighing me down." " You an impostor, my dear young lady ! I won't listen to that, even from yourself ! bat I wish you would keep quiet and in safety here. Your money will last out a good bit with management, and long before it's all gone " " Kind old friend," interrupted Mildred, " with the greatest care it will not outlast five years; and it Arthur comes back, I want to have some for him besides his own share. No; I will not reject this wonderful chance of earning something-and that in com parative safety." " Well, my dear, yoa .know best There, take a cup of tea; you look like a ghost, and no wonder-no wonder." Here Mra. Leavett stopped abruptly. After a- few minutes she produced a crumbled bit,of paper from her pocket, "i" Will you please look at that? I've been trying between whiles to write a note to Mr. Gribble'a solicitors," to stop that notice in Tfu Timeg; we have forgotten about it, but it costs money, and ought not to go on." " Certainly not Yoa are a good thought ful Koothen, after reading the composition, " That will do very nicely indeed," she said, "Just copy it oat and post it." They naturally continued the conversation on the topic thus suggested, until Leavett returned to her duties belofr. After which Mildred took her needlework, but sat long with it in her hands, quite still aad lost In thought What awaited her In the- {ottue? . What was the wocat, aad what, the beat she could anticipate! Of coarse^ at her first thought of the future, dreamlike visions came .thronging from the airy realms of youthful fancy-a golden haze- aTT peopled with de lirious improbabilities: visions of safety ander. her brother's protection-of reconciliation and restoration to Gribble-of wandering with him and Arthur in foreign lands-of being useful in some way-or winning regard, friendship, love- no, not love; she must never think of that To her it was forbidden either to give or to receive. Poverty had been very implacable to her, denying her any glimpse of a girl's ideal, ana plunging her into the materialism of that passion-the noblest development of which is self-forgetful tenderness, mat whose feet of clay are egoism and cruelty. Aad how well she could have loved! But this, she told herself, was idle folly- _ waste of her thinking powers. " Let me try and imagine something possible: If Arthur's return is delayed, what will become of me ? Oi course, I shall live on here; aad lam neither unhappy nor uncomfortable. It is much better than what I have left; but for always, I should not like it. Then, if Arthur marries, he may not Idee his wife to know my not he ashamed of myself, but there « a tinge of disgrace in mr position. We may men be parted for ever. But who can tell either the good or the evil that h«s hid m the future? Oh, I will not m the worst 1 and if it is the best-if Arthur cornea home bee, we may * home together; Mr. (kibble will help him to.some employment, aad. I can find work I 'T,farfr~a Yer7 little would supply owr j"*ds; then it 19 possible he might marry Vould know and like me, and nu fu . useful beloved auntie, , °<1' tk® dear, dear mother is di^ul^M" ffledge 0i ^ ^ *orrow ^ fo?hL J1"4 moraina Mildred was a little be into t£iS.emplCV*d DaV* C<Uae She S5W *°tt-and thankful I am! £ .***"<** to atay on by madeh^?^ rofWKi-Oie, she said it mind tn* »!?"* }* you'll not ^ wyiBg ifc, ffou most bt. i&depc;&deot; wu'ile^Md r^a®led Mildred with a w ^COQV*y aa j[^,5?alked in stately and npriirL" Mildl«d v?^hlcal xnfirmi<3rv * II ip«3i£lLb£^l!^4ad 1 Hi ahow^somewhat M - IIWUWIW wuu, snowed the remains el delicate heanty, and her whole besting was that of a fine lady to her finger-ends, . Yon are there,Mia. Wood!" ahe saidaa she guided hersrii by an ebony gold-headed stick to het seat "Iauu" 3)hat is well. I like punctuality." And r*6 settlsd herself in her chair, Davis arraug rJK the paraphernalia of fan, 8cent»bottle, iu proper order before she re» toed. Now read ms the birtha, deaths, and * ristht republishing thU work bos been pur-i (opdaton »>»" Xh&~ AuatraltuUa." marriages." And the morning's work was inaugurated. TM U'hnet finished, Mrs. Griffith felt far aome letters which lay near her under a paper-weight. They had all been opened, and she gave them one after another to Mildred to read akrod, desiring her to take a note of the aaswer to each, " Now," continued the blind lad;," you can embody what I My in the replies without farther iaatiuction. Bat you mast read your letters to me before they go; this you do after luncheon, as I must sea some people to-day, and you will be alone." This sentence «et Mildred at rest on one pot&fc; She wm not to be drsggod into society: her business was only to work " Certainly," she replied; " I shall do mr best . The alacrity of her tone struck her em ployee. " You don't want to sit ap and receive company, then ?" she asked with a slight ?mile. " By no means! I should be out of place." " Ha! yon are the first o£ my various lady Becretaries who admitted as much." Then, alter a short pause: " Am. I rightly informed i that you are the[niece of oar grocer?" i " I am. She is more than an aunt, she is ; a mother to me," said Mildred, warmly. " Indeed 1 Were you educated in London ?" " No; partly in France." " That accounts for your pronunciation of I French. Now, I want to aictate a letter. | You have paper and all there ?" " Yea, everything." i After a moment's thought, Mrs. Griffith began: " Dear Brian," and proceeded to Bay, in somewhat cold words, that she had been glad to hear of him again, that she thought he had been lost in the wilds, where he had been trying to pick up monstrosities for the mental raree show exhibited by that refined publication the Mkciric Despatch, whereas, considering the general amount of informa tion and culture possessed by its readers, he might just as well have saved his trouble and money, and invented them at his ease in his chambers. " .Nevertheless," she continued, " though I have so much cause for righteous wrath aeaiast you -for going counter to me and joinicg the ranks of fchosemischievous fools who are trying to puil down everything and everyone to the level of their own gutters-I shall be glad to see you. Your talk, even your heresies, interest me, and my life is frightfully dull. And of late I have had a succession of idiotic women as secre taries : they have almost reduced me to their own mental condition. Do not suppose I am cringing to draw forth expressions of pity: you know better than to offer such to me. There is also much I cannot communicate by the hand of another, so come back soon. 1 intend to go out of town early this season. You used to like Pennogwen ; come and 81ay there as long as you like. You shall have your old room and the one next it, where you may scribble to your heart's content" After various sharp]y-eipressed morsels of gossip touching sundry mutual acquaint ances, she ended with a cool "Yours truly." "Stop!" she cried suddenly; " I can ma nage a signature which I permit no one to write for me. Bead it over, and then I will I Mildred obeyed, and when finished, by Mrs. Griffith's desire, turned a movable desk which was attached to the arm of her chair in front of her, gave her a quill pen (she utterly refused to use steel niiw), and placed her hand on the paper, where she traced her name, " Frances Anne Egerton Griffith," in clear bold letters, though slanting upwards. Laueheon over, Mrs. Griffith established herself in the larger of die two drawing rooms. " I don't choose to make my eidrtc sap ported by my stick and led by ray keeper," sbe uid, " when the room is fall of what are termed sympathising frieads," who shake their heads over me aa soon as they are in their carriages, and drive off to the next goesipry, to exclaim, "I have just come from poor Mrs. Egerton Griffith. It is really a charity to call upon her, and tell her what is going.on." Thanks to Gwendoline Ferrers and Davis, I know everything that is going on as soon as anyone else; and 1 know life, my dear .Mrs. Wood, a little too well." " But life has so many sides." " Ah, have you found that oat for yourself, or did others tell it you f* " I rather fancy I have gathered it from books." " Novels, eh ? Not a bad way to study life at second hand. Give me my knitting, and read me a little more of my book; then you can go into that room and let down the portieres; when anyone comes it will give me less the air of being taken are of." Mildred had scarcely finished a chapter when the sound of a carriage stopping caught Mrs. Griffith's quick ears. " I imagine people are coming. You had better go and cojjy those letters for me. They will be in time if posted before five; but in no case send them before they are read to Mildred fflfldly retreated, dropping the heavy portieres, and congnitalatmg herself on an arrangement so suited to her circum stances. After a few moments of thought' aha ap plied herself to her task, endeavouring to perform it in the pithiest and most business like manner. Sh« gave profound attention to her work, but was, nevertheless, aware of the muaDur of voices, the rustle of wlk dresses, the loader sound of names being announced in the next room. The last letter but one had been written, when the sound of the door opening inter rupted her, and, looking up, she saw Mr. Gnffith enter. " I beg your pandon(" he said, advancing to the table with a slight bow. " I do not want to disturb my mother, or to interrupt the flow of congenial conversation in the next room, so, if you will allow me, I will write a note hiae." Mildred rose silently, placed ink and paper before him, at another table, and resumed her occupation. Frank Griffith, hfUl finished his note some minutes before Mildred .'laid down her, pen, and selected an'envelope to address. Be leaned luck in his chair, and a look of un usual thought came over his pleasant face. At length, looking up suddenly, hie said, "May 1 petition far a stamp?" Mildred banded him one, and having closed his envelope, ha nut the letter in his pocket Seeing, that his fellow-scribe was at liberty, he said, with a soft, carming smile, " I am charmed to find your reading gives pleasure to my mother; or, I should say, satisfactioa Pleasure is a strong word applied to any de scription of occupation she engages in. She has a very correct ear, and is rather difficult in the matter of reading aloud, and she has ao few sources of enjoyment that I-we are very glad yoor reading pleases her bo far." His voice was agreeable, his manner most courteous. Still Mildred almost regretted the necessity for a reply. " 1 am very glad, too," she said in a low tone. There was some interest in Prank Griffith's eyes as he waited for farther speech; but none came. " You see, it ia doubly hard to bear-1 mean blindness is," he resumed-" when it comes late, fitter a busy, actives life; and it has been Mrs. (JrifRth'aTikbit to take tea enor mous amount of trouble about everything." This with ah indescribable expression of dismay at the mere idea of such Herculean exertions. Mildred only bowed, and Frank Griffith remained silent for a moment, wondering what he could say next to draw forth a re joinder: " la my mother's reception nearly over ?" " I cannot tell. Mrs. Griffith said she would ring if she wanted me." Another silence. " I should like to see roy mother, if pos sible," he resumed; "but the stream of Visitors seeing | The door opening again, this time to admit I a young lady, interrupted him. A small, I slight figure in dark-blue cashmere and velvet, a bonnet of a lighter shade surmount ing a fluffy mass of pretty, golden-brown hatr, over a delicate, siacy, Dresden-chin % j kind of face; a sable muff and cape, which ; she threw nude before speaking, completed her attire. j " Ah, Gwen! I thought yon were in the next room," said Frank Griffith. " Heiavfcn forbid 1 in thai mob of dowagers. I ahotild not come oat alive! Ton kuow they all consider me the typical 'girl of the period/" " The ideal girl of the period, yon mean!" Kins Gwendoline Ferrers made a pretty little grimace as she walked to the fire and put a very small foot on the fender, her ryes meantime dwelling critically oh Mildred, who had withdrawn to a' sofa'at some little dis tance, and taken a book, feeling somewhat awkward, yet Dot liking to leave the room in case she were -summoned by her em ployee.. " Yon are Mrs. Griffith's new companion, are you notf' she asked. Mildred rose, pot down her book, and coming over to the table, replied, " I am." " I am realty quite glad to see you, for Davis tcHs me you have done wonders already -that Mrs. Griffith has been quite placid for two whole days." 1 44 The second is not over yet," returned Mil dred, with & smifie. She felt more at ease with a girl; and though Miss Ferfers's words were abrupt, her manner was not nnciviL " Ah ! yon are right; it is'impossxble to say how soon, or in what way, you may offend. Mrs. Griffith is one of the most difficult of human beings, and the only plan is not to mind her. I am a great favourite-am 1 not, Frank? and I just say whatever I like" " There are occasions," said Frank, gently, " when she absolutely refuses to see yon, be canse the irritation you excite is too much for her self-control." " That may be; 'but if I stay away two days she always sends for me; a little irritation acts as a tonic. However, I must say ray cousin Griffith sever took a fancy to anyone that I know of but once; then she quarrelled dreadfully with bet afterwards, because &he; took liberties!" " My dear Gwen, don't you think you are letting oat the secrets of the prison- house a little too frankly ? Mrs.-a.-Mrs. "Wood," sud Mildred, supplying the name for which he hesitated, and looking down with a strange feeling of self-disgust as she gave the fabe appellation. " Yes; Mrs. Wood will be inclined to send in her resignation." " Oh, nonsense! she will, I hope, triumph over all difficulties! Is it not very tiresome reading aloud for hours?" " One gets accustomed to it." " I am sore I should never-be able to stand if " It is quite bearable when 70a are in* terested in what you read." ^ " It seems to me that Mrs. Griffith always chooses the driest and moat ponderous books." Mildred made no reply, and Frank Griffith observed that he thought the visitors had gone, as all seemed quiet in the next room. He had scarce spoken, when the bell sum moned Mildred. " Who ia there ?" asked Mis. Gr iffith. " Mr. Griffithaud ayopaglady." "Oh! Miss Ferrers-a relative of oura. Give me your arm, Mrs. Wood; I feel tired, and a Utile dizzy after the clatter that has gone on about me for the last hoar or two and she proceeded slowlyto the next room. " Oh, Mrs. Griffith, I hope you are pretty well!" cried Miss Ferrera without offering to shake hands with her. Yoa seem to hare had all the world to see yoa to-day." " AH the most tiresome dowagers in Lon don, I believe," replied the blind lady crossly; " and that very enthusiastic Lady Kerswell wanted to lend me a book that proves that the English are descended from the lost tribes of Israel, which she thought would interest me deeply. Good heavens ! what extraordinary credulous creatures some edu cated Englishwomen are ! - ay, and men too P While she spoke her son had gently guided her to her chair, and pot the footstool under her feet with kindly care, ot which his mother took no notice. " I suppose it is too late for yon to drive out, Cousin Griffith ? I am sore you have not been out for a week." " Yes, I have. I will, however, drive to morrow. I hate going oat before Inncheon! but at this dreadful season I mnst There is no light after three o'clock." " (Jh ! talking of driving, I went with papa to Hampstead on Sunday morning to see a studio where there is a picture he wants to hoy, and I an* quite sure I saw you, Frank, walking wttha mdy-a young lady-Mat that inn-what's itealled- Jack Straw's Castle? 1 know it was you ; was it not, Frank!" " IJyou aifl quite sure, that ia enough; I have no more to add, returned I'rank, smiling; yet, Mildred noticed, with a slight change of expression. 44 Well, who was the lady r " Don't you know t If you have no inner convictions as to bet Identity, how can I in form you r. "That is what they call special pleading," 1 cried Miss. Ferrets, u where you play upon words and admit nothings-ia it not, Mrs. Griffith r 41 You are too childish oijd ill-bred, Gwen doline I You have no business to cross examine your cousin," said Mrs. Griffith sternly. " Really, I do not understand he reckless audacity of modern young ladies!" "Why, what in the world have I said to put you out, Cousin Griffith! Why Bhould I not ask Frank about being at Hamp stead 1 1 cannot think what took him there 1" "lie does not admit being there, and I do aire you to drop the subject I cried the blind lady, in a tone of command; "and now X wish both of yon to go away." " I must say first-Godfrey writes that he wiU.be in London naxt week for a day or two, on his way to BiarriU," aaid Frank Grif fith. rising. Ara ydu walking, Gwendo line ? if so, I will see you home." " Shall I go oat with yoa to-morrow morn ing, cousin?" asked the irrepressible Miss Ferrers, ss she fastened on her far cape. " Yes, if yoa like," was tile no* too gracious reply; and Mildred heard it witty a .sense ,of relief, for the mention of driving made her heart beat She feared being obliged to parade the park, melancholy as itwas. at that time of rear and where she weilknew Jane Welby mis fond of showing herself in and ont of season. " Now, let me see those letters," said Mrs. Griffith, as Boon as shd was alone with her new secretary. She always unconsciously spoke of "seeing" where she tbeartt hearing. They are too late for this evening spo&t;, but that does not matter much." ' Launched into a routine different from, any thing she had ever Jjcnown before, Mildred qnickly new accustomed, to it Her famili arity with the Bhort length of fetreet between" Mrs. Leavett's house and the scene of her labours made it seem safe, though she never relaxed the care with which she muffled her face in the ganze veil, Which she believed to be her beat disguise. She sometimes thought with amazement of the. extraordinary ease with which she had effected her eacane from thraldom. The attempt was so bold and so simple, that given the first success, the rest followed as a matter of courae. The whole danger lay in the moment between Dorrand's signal and gaining shelter among the stones of the moraine. If at that moment any of the party in advance had turned to look back, all would have been lost. Once supposed to be dead, there was of course no further search, and so she was let alone. HoW alone 1 At times Qtieshrank from the Dtospeet of liEe-a Long life probably, .always masked, always representing herself to be what she was not. Yet she never, not for an instant, regretted the deed which she haul done. She was too young, too healthy to despond,' Bave for rare, short intervals. She had grown stronger and braver since she had been free from the pressure of her husband's presehce ; and to such a nature hope is always more or less present. She still built air-'castles, and found in imagination wings to waft her over the dreariness of the present Nor was it all dreary; she was often really interested in the subjects which it pleased Mrs. Griffith to read about, and she grew in favour each day. Nat that her intercourse with her employer was always unruffled. Mrs. Griffith had an exceedingly bad tyrannical temper, and there were days when everything gave offence. Bat Mildred's compassion for the helpless, irritable woman, and her consciousness of not being in any way tied, enabled her to meet every unreasonable outburst with gentle! composure.; and a perfectly ladylike reminder that if she was so unfortunate as not to please her employer, she was not obliged to continue the engagement, soon brought the overbearing old woman to ber senses-for none other of her many employes had ever been of so much use and comfort to her. As the consciousness of this grew upon Mildred it increased her con rage and con fidence in herself, and days and weeks rolled swiftly on. It was delightful, too, to return after the day's work to the independence of ber own room-to feel that none could intrude upon ha there, and to tell the little incidents that had occurred during the few hoars of their diurnal separation to her good "auntie," as she grew to call Mrs. Leavett quite nata rally. During all this time she saw nothing of ] lira Griffith's world. Trne, Frank Griffith paid his mother a visit two or three times a week, bat as Mildred invariably asked, "Shall I go ?** and was often dismissed during his stay, she had little mfercoarae with him.; but that little she greatly liked. He was always kind and courteous. Gwendoline Ferrers made many advances, and was indeed rather troublesome; still Mildred thought that, had she BO secret to guard, she could hare been good friends with, and amused by, her. Tbns time went on, and Mildred waited patiently, yet with intense anticipation, for Arthnr's answer to Mrs. Leatett's letter. Alas ! would he answer punctually ? for he little knew who it was looked for his tidings. Christmas had come and gone. ! Mrs. Griffith was highly pleased because Mildred had not asked for a holiday, and told her she was a sensible young lady; " for," added the prond old gentlewoman, "grocer's shop or no grocer's shop. I consider you a lady." A sentence for -which Mildred gravely thanked her. ] In the beginning of February, Mrs. Griffith | -who had persisted in driving down to Twickenham in an open carriage to visit an I old invalid friend-caught a severe cold, which brought on an attack of pleurisy. For a night and a day she was in. danger, and Mildred-though not obliged by her bond -was constantly in the house; and even, in her most querulous hours, exercised a little authority over the fractions invalid. Colonel Egerton Griffith was telegraphed for, and Frank scarcely left the house. But the blind lady's constitution was sound and untried; and at the end of a fortnight she had rallied, though die was not quite strong enough to come downstairs. Mildred had by tins time become tolerably familiar and at home with the household and members of the family, but die had never ceased to keep silence as ranch aa possible, fearing to be drawn into admitting trifleB which might lead to the betrayal of more important matters.' She had gone over as usual, the morning but one after Mrs. Griffith had been pro nounced qnite ont of danger, and sat talking for a while with the invalid, who seemed vexed that her eldest son had not armed; though there had not been time, as Mildred assured her, for his journey to London since the telegram had reached him. " I think I could listen to a little of the paper," said Mra. Griffith. " You can stop when I am tired." " Vfcry welL" j Mildred was beginning, when a tap at the, door interrupted her. Permission given, the head-house maid entered, and in what she considered a judicious whisper, said: " if you please, 'm, there's a gentleman downstairs very anxious to hear how you are from Davis herself." , ,. " Do not speak in that wretched inaudible way," Baid fibs. Griffith, with weak ^irrita tion. " Speak naturally; who is it?' a^Mr. Leigh, 'm; he knows the ^The'butler! Why, it must be Brian Leigh hitMHftif 1" exclaimed the convalescent, bright ening. " Send Davis to him at once. "But if you pleaBe, 'm, Davis has just stepped round to Miss Ferrers; and the nurse, she's asleep." " Davis had no business to step round any where. Mrs. Wood, you must go and see this boy, and tell him to come-you know when I shall be able to see him better than I do." She stopped, a little exhausted. "I will tell him everything about your illness, and return to you," said Mildred; and leaving the housemaid to keep watch, ehe went down to thedrawin^room. A gentleman was standing at the fire place, his arm resting against the mantelpiece, and one toot on tbie fender; & span, bony, broad shouldered man, a little aboyemiddle height, with light reddish-brawn, Ctinp hair, who, turning at the sound of the opening door, showed a strong, weather- faraned face,with Aide ted moustaches, and a pair of well shaped keen grey eyes, under somewhatheavj brows, a Bbade darker than bis hair. As Mildred pauaed half-way acroaa the room, and. stood, tall and slender in her straight black dress-simpler than a,servant'a -her hair parted, and drawn back as flatly as it wavy ricluieas would permit, she Rooked, in spite of the severe humility of her garb, gtarefnl, willowy, interesting. N6 'wittier Had Brian Leigha eyes her thjan he made a sttdden step forward, and then, With asortof hesitation, bowed rightly, and stood gazing at her with intense scrutiny. ,' . Mildred perceived that he was mated in some way, and felt a& instant's terror; but re turning his glance steadily, she found nothing in bis face or figure which she could re call, and regaining her self-possession, she said: ? '* " Mrs. Egerton Griffith desires sde tfcsay how sorry she is she cannot see yoti." . "She has been v^ryill, then?" returned Leiph slowly, aa if his thoughts were far away. " Very ill indeedand Mildred told him a few particulars^ adding: " I do not think she can see you for two or three days." " Of course I shall call to know how she goes on, and she can admit me whenever she reels disposed. Pray, is Frank Griffith in town ? I called at his chambers' this morn ing, bnt be was not there-st least, ! could not get in." " Yes, he is in town; he is here constancy, and-?-" She paused. . " If y6u Eaveany message. I am going back to Mrs. Griffith." " Oh ! he said hastily. " Pray tell her how very sorry I am to find her so ttnwelL J hope she1 Will soon be better, and able'to see me. Will you kindlymention that my return was unexpectedly delayed, as I will ex plamT' Mildred bowed, and turned to leave the room. Leigh went quickly across to| open the door; but before doing so, he said: " Excuse me-I do not remember to have met you bere before?" " I am but newly in Mrs. Griffith's service," replied Mildred, keeping her eyes on the ground " Indeed! as her secretary?" Mildred bowed. "Then the letter I received from Mrs. Griffith, when I was in Berlin, was written by you ?' It was." Leigh hesitated yet a moment; then open ing the door, bowed gravely as Mildred passed out. 