THE MODERN MASS. :: (Continued). Now here are two practices — holy water and crossing to avert the influence of evil spirits. — and not a sentence is to be found in the writings of the holy apostles to iustifv either. When we bear our blessed Lord resisting the temptations ot the devil, is it by having recourse to such means? ;No ; he combatted the Evil Spirit by re ference to the written Word of God ; and we are informed (Matt. iv. II) that the (devil, thus foiled, left Him /and does not ; Peter tell us to "resist strong in faith" our :' adversary the devil, who goeth i about as a roaring lion, seeking .whom ;-he may devour ?— L !Pet. v. 8, 9. Hear St. Paul's advice also, Eph. vi. II — " -Pdt;ytjii: on the armour of Grid; that you may be able to staiidjagaiustithe deceits of .the devil;" iathel6thvei'.se,".In.aU.ttiiugs., taking, the shield- of faith; -.wherewith > you may be able to exiiaguishaZZ-the fiery darts of the most/'wicked /(one1" -f-mark .this - ex pression all ; 18th verse,- " By -aU- prayer and; supplications; i praying, atmll 'times T,iu the spirit.'' '! J Wherri do w e find -any of the ihspired, !'Apdstlesi'rec'ommeriding ' "'crrihs- ings!'';.ri(r'"sprinklihg8 wiftu hply/'water,'"; to . Iteep.-away evil s pirits ? . .( (Re terence''ftri God!s i,Wcird;-; prayer, .watchfulness! siip plications/strength inithej 'faith ,iri; Jesus; are.the..means.tliey„_taught,.,..,Were,_they less:able:,thaa:we-t0iresist;?2 Haye.-mpde.rn Romanists advantages of \yhich .theyknew nothing.; Where, ,then, , in, these instances, is .the. ,bpasted anfciquity ; and ho\y (can. they condemn those who humbly eudeav- our to follow, only those ..doctrines and practices which; are, set( forth itijGpd(s own Word. f '\\- We- now suppose one arrived,- within the church or chapel to hear what is called " Mass;" ' It'sigiiifies " a-seridirig iiwa(y." At th'e 'cpticlusiori 'of-'thri (present-: service! the 'priest says'; in Latin: " Ite''MissaWt;" In the Pocket . Missal, ( we fin ing(; trapislation of ( the ; wordaS—Depart, mass is finished ; iVIissa or MLd3io, ;ara two Latin words, signifying!, " spading, away.",,,JThe..literaLbmaslatioa,is,/!l.Ide— depart, Mi'ssa est— -it, is the sending-away." Now, from bbs place swherer .w.e,<!fi.ud-£.this expression;: we learn aniiadditionab" pi/oof of liriw the churclr has'1 departhd/ ;frpm ancient custom." How they can pride themselves upon their antiquity- is 1 Won derful ; and, as we proceed, we. s.haU ; bs able to. prove more, and more (that; they, have but little reason for doing so. The celeb ration 0 f the Lord's 8 a p per, ho wovor changed it may be now, by various inno vations and alterations, was the foundation of what is called the Mass. Aud by ex- amining where these words, "Ite missa est," were placed at first, and, examining where they are now, we shall be assisted, not" 'only in discovering some of the ehanges which have taken place, but also the original object and design of the church in adopting the expression. These words were formerly placed at the begin ning of the Lord's Supper or sacramental service in the Roman liturgy. In primi tive; times there were two distinct ser vices; to the first all wore indiscri minately admitted : such persons as were not yet baptized, but were waiting for further instructions, and were called catechumens, from being catechized, as the. original word signifies, and those who came from curiosity to learn the nature of the Christian faith ; those also who, from having committed some heiuous crime, were excluded from partaking of the Eucharist, were admissible to the first Bervice. These several classes, with the sincere and faithful baptized believers, re mained together during the, prayers and the reading of portions of the Holy Scrip tures and the exhortation or.sermon. At the conclusion of this servicej theiofficiat- ing deacon pronounced, in a loud voice, " Ite Missa est," thus intimating that it was the timet for thdse.to'depart who were not to participate in the j sacred . feast. From this circumstance the service which followed was called." Mass," which appel- lation it has retained until the present dav. "This view of the' subject is sanctioned by the Right 'Key: Dr. Hornihbld in' his work called " Real Principles ' of Catho lics," p. 251 to 257, which, in its title page,, contains, the expressed approbation of several other Irish Roman Catholic prelates. - After giving ; some other ex planations, which appear very -forced, and with which the doctor .himself does not appear satisfied,' he adds;1 " that others are of 'opihion that it (that is," the /Mass,) is. derived from the'Lati n word ". missi o for "missa," that is, " dismission," , or " send ing away," because the:catechuinens and others ' < were > formerly dismissed, as i not being permitted to 'be -present1 -at7. thi" sacrifice, only from-the begihning till 'the offertory j and the; gospel 'and the/ sermon being ended/the .deacon', publicly /! said, " Ite. missa' est "—go .out all you/who are infidels, catechumens,, and penitents, for the; Mass of the faithful is now to begin.. Hence at the end of the Mass the words 'Ite inissa' est1" are, still' 'retained, 'and' now the modern. meaning is, "' depart' for the' Mass is ended;'' ' /The' words are, now used, we: find/, at/ .'the ; ;eiid of .the sacra-' mental, service in one, sense,, and amciently, they were used at the commencement with iouite ;a<>difierent meaning; attached tbitliemi"! f. I'm -/i ; . . i ' wes'consult'' the 'writers 'of antiquity \--feaid'ovef'- the; 'ancient liturgies or/for- mularies of the ' celebratibh pf the Lbrd's Supper, wh'ich are called by th e names ,of St!,;.Peter,vSt.;iBarnaba8, St. James, /or that; of >. Jerusalem, ;,of , .which. foe;., was first: foilshop,; or ii.that .of. St— Mark — examine the several liturgies .' of the early 'fathers; St. "Basil; 'St. Cbrysostom. and that of St. Ambrose, &c.;, &c; allof whom flourished not! later; than the fourth century after bur , , blessed Lord, we , .find no sanction for persons being present at the communion who did: not partake, of it: Justin Martyr, who lived as early .as. the second ceutury after our Lord, gives the following account of the. manner in which the Eucharist was celebrated in his time : — " After! the believer /is baptised, and made one with us, we lead . him , to, the congregation ofthe brethren, as we call them, and.tben pour out our souls with great. fervour in commou prayer,. both for ourselves, for the persons baptised, -and for all others in every part of the world, that, having embraced the truth; our lives may be as becometh the gospel, and that "we may be found doers of the. word, and .so; at length attain eternal salvation. We .salute oue another: with a kiss at the end .of prayer : after this, bread and a chalice of wine, and water are brought- to the -bishop, which ho takes, and oilers up 'praise and; glory to the Father of all /things, /through the name of His Son and .the Holy Ghost ; and the thauksgiving (to God for vouchsafing to make us, worthy of these, his creatures, is a prayer of more than ordinary length. When -the bishop has finished the prayers and the thauksgiving service, all the people present conclude with an audi ble voice, saying,' ' Amen,' which in /the Hebrew language, signifies, 'So be it.' The eucharistical office being thus performed by the bishop, and concluded with: the:, acclamations of the people, those we call deacons distribute to every ; forie (present to partake of this eucharis tical bread and wine, and water, and then \- they carry it to the absent." Here, then, we have an account ofthe mode of dministering the Lord's Supper, so far back as the second century. We will now quote from higher and more ancient authority, nay, the highest and most ancient of all. Open your Testament, 1 Cor. xi. 23 ; there St. Paul tells us the manner he directed it to be ad ministered, and that not of his own will, but by the commands of the Lord Jesus Christ himself, by whom the Lord's Sup per was originally instituted ; 23rd verse — " 1 Tor I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered to you, that the Lord Jesus, the same night in which he was betrayed, took bread, (24) and giving thanks, broke and said, ' Take ye, and eat: this is my body which shall be delivered for you. This do for the commemoration of me.' " (25) In like manner, also, the chalice, after he had supped, saying, " This chalice is the New Testament in my blood — this do ye as often as you shall drink it for the commemoration of me. For as often as you shall eat this bread and drink this chalice you show the death of the Lord until he come (27)." Wherefore, whosoever shall eat this bread, or drink thecbaliee ofthe Lord unworthily, shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord (28) : but let a man prove him self, and so let him eat of that bread, and drink of that cup (29), for he that eateth and' drinketh unworthily, eateth and drinketh judgment to himself, not discern ing the body ofthe Lord." Gordon Quite Happy.— A few words, conveying probably the latost expres sion. of .feeling on the part of General Gordon which is likelyrto reach ; us, have (Bays an English paper): been given to the public .by. Mnjor-Gerieral A/JO. Cooke, li.E. - They are' taken from a. letter, written as the' toils were' closingc. around l him Jin; Khartoum. Gordon; wrote: — "I am quite : happy, . and, like Lawrence; havotriedto do my duty." Major-; General Gooke, an intimate friend of the late General .Gordon,; assures us. that these, words, "embody the .whole 'secret of 'his -life, a tram, quiUiappiness ;ihi the consciousness: of. >dutyi performed to the best of his! ability, and: under .; a singularly vivid sense of Divine superintendence." Would the Romish Church still Persecute if she could ? — Let the .pope himself answer this question. At the anniversary of his coronation he ex pressed his great sorrow that " it was not in his power .to cIose the doors of Rome itself against the overflow of heresy. It was not in hiB power to prevent the spread of perverse and impious doctrines, nor of laws contrary to.the truths: of the-Faith and the teachings of tlio ; Church.'.' . iltu ib .well, that -Pope Leo XIII.: has not the. power, of his predecessors to repress Protestantism by tho 'Inquisition and fire and torture; He and his '.priesthood have; full liberty /in "Rome; to .teach' the doc trines of their 'church,; but that does ./not' satisfy, him ; lie wants to suppress tlio Protes- tants whom he calls heretics, i.e., persecute them, sweep them out 'of Rome,; and -after wards ; out of Italy and ' off the 'face of' the globe. This .is just what she tried to do with' blood 'and fire when .she had .tho power.' . She boasts hersel f semper eadem , : and > therefore would persecute now as' bet'ore;'="-Tho Pope himself has, expressed, his great, sorrow that he can't. Anglican Nuns.— A sisterhood is about to bo. established'. in . connection with the Anglican . Church, , , aftor : tho. .-Mission, vis over,.; . We .shall in our-next 'issuo.igiveithe regulations .that, are in force among. the sisters of ithemrders of St. Clare'.and - iDevonp'ort, .so that our; Australian girls' 'may have some idoa of theso connecting' links. v ; Tlie - Priest in Politics;— A posthumous' pamphlet, entitled "The5 Priest in Politics;" b'y: the late 'P. J. Smythj MvP., refers to (lie .Irish -."Parliamentary '''"party as a 'cfeatiori1 "mainly of the- priesthood and.., , says,-,;. "the, .. Land, League,.- National League, the Parliamentary- party. and . tho In- vincible:Socioty. are. parts Of .one great whole. The animating . principle, .of : y the- organ isation is rancourous, relentlosB hatred. The no-rent manifesto was - promulgated under the immediate auspices of a priest holding a position of " influence and trust near the person of a. .conspicuous arch bishop. Sovbral priests; 'defended it in speech and writing." He trusts that now, at least, the bishops will assemble and condemn tlio'mahifosto and its authors. Mrs. Smyth says that on his denth-bed her husband ex pressed a wish that tho pamphlet should bo published before the meeting of tho Irish bishops in Rome. The publication has pro- i duced consternation in Roman Catholic circles. Tlie new Bishop of Brisbane —la the English Churchman we find that "the Archbishop of Canterbury, to whom the appointment was delegated, has given the important Bishopric of Brisbano to the Rev. W, T. Thornhill Webber, M.A., vicar of St. John the Evangelist, Red Lion-square, Hol- born, and member of the School Board for London. Mr. Webber: graduated at Pem broke Gollegoj Oxford; in 1859, and in 1865 was appointed by Bishop Tait to his present charge, a district then about to be newly formed. Aided by a grant of £8,000 from "the Bishop of London's Fund, Mr. Webber has during theso twenty years purchased sites and built a church (designed by Mr. J. L. Pearson, R.A.), clergy house, and schools, at a cost ' of £47,000. He is also well known from his labours in the cause of elementary education, and at the last election was re turned as member of tho London School Board, on which ho has done excellont service. Ha is chairman of Board School managers for a division of the Finsbury district, vice-chairman of the Working men's Club and Institute Union, and an active member of other organ isations for social work. Wo regret to add that, according to MaclcesonTs Guide to the London Churches , at St. John the Evangelist's Mr. Webber adopts the Eastward position, permits " candleB on tho altar," uses "Hymns Ancient and Modern," and has several " Guilds " in connection with the church. The appointment muBt, therefore, bo viewed with regret by Protestant Churchmen in Brisbane, as well as in England. Disloyal Redmond Again.— Tho Redmonds' recent visit to Australia, beg ging for the Irish National League, is not forgotton,noris the extraordinary discrepancy in the published receipt of the treasurer at head quarters, and the remittances Mr. Red mond publicly professed to have sent him. Neither have we forgotten how it leaked out lately when some of the fraternity were offended, that the enthusiastic, self-denying, patriotic brothers received very .handsome payment indeed for their pleasure trip to Australia. The burst of disloyalty; with which they opened their begging tour is still fresh in our memories, and how when they found, that that tack wouldn't Buit as well hero as in Ireland, and that it pht all .tho respectable people up in arms against them, they jesuitically went on another tack; and pretended to be as loyal as they were disloyal at first. They protested, did not desire tho dis memberment of the Empire, despito their prin ted early speeches stating that they did. ' Since the return of the brothers to Ireland, reports iiuyo luuuxjuu us ui luuir roiuru iu ujcii practices of delivering treasonable end excit- ; ihg harangues of the old appeal to arms type. In a recent .speech at Rotherham, Mr/ W. Red m'ond , MiP.; said that "If the, Government of England did not- give way to tlio praotic-' ; able, and .peaceable demands of" Mr. Pnfriell; i then:' 'sq1 8ureiy:as"',Gqd 'was' in Heaven' there . would bo other! men; and there would be ; ih'oanB used that would , Bhake the Empire of ! Groat' Britain td its foundations." This re- : mark wns'receivcd' with " lciud applause. ' ,,Mr. ' Redmond concluded by saying, When the i recruitiiig sergeant went to Ireland, again lib ! would not' '.find;, so,, many .Irishmen/ ready to I shed; 'their,- 'lilppd ' for a forqjgn Jbountry, a ; fbroigri/queen," and.a'n English shilh'ng a dayi" ! The 'Irish' Rl 'C; Hierarchy have ehtfusted, the ; quoBtion'of odiicqtibn/tp ' the nationalist party in ' Pari iamb ntj and 'the'foregoing speech .was delivered in connection' with that , agitation. Mr J Redmond, 'in dperiing, said that " educa tion' was ono o'the means wbicli they were tryirig tb use to further their causo," that; is the cause of Parnell and Co. " Cruelty to "Wives of Polyga- niist ' Converts;—" The missionaries in China," remarks tlie Southern / Cross ; " are not loss exercised . than those'/ in India abqiit the case, of polygamous converts.,'!;1 pK''Ash- : more! 'of tlio. Ain'eHmn?,BaptiHt:'>ii)ira : Swntdw, bas pub)ii|jed''an>(elbiqueti't' appeal',' made to him' by a 'Second / wife whom rtn'. ap plicant for baptism was required to put away. / The unhappy wdtnan Baid- But, jtoaeher, 'lib ; is'my husband and I am'hia/Syife.' . 'You'Say ; that' lie ought iiot'to liave taken me/; but' lie : did tako nie before he' knew yoiir'now religion ; He' is tlio : father' pf:'my/ children. I have a , right to look to hiin for cqrapanibhship ahd I for ' 'protection.'. You maltq my children, illegi- ; tiinatbl' '"'Y6u(8)iquld;''not' do: that ; yoii liavtf no .right to injure my cliildfon tliat/way.' You have, no' right to' put « me in, the "ppaitibn of a disreputablo Wmahi , I had a liusbahd ; : no w l Have !rio 'husband'. '' ' I had ' a 'hdih'e ;! now I have no home. If I go , and- marry anbtlier man I '.sliall break /tlie law! . I had, one 'to whonri I could go 'as tlio 'fatjibr'. of in'y cliilJ drbn ;' iio\v :I'can go\tb;my,'childroh'8 father no longor,' nprt: 'raiiy jidiire to speak to 'liim." We (Protestant 'Slandardy believe that ;tliq teacher was ' wrong in : endeavouring to separate' ; this' woman from tier ' legnl ' pro- tector. ' Hp' had Jmo Scriptural authority for dping; ;s6J tiiat wo know / of, and it was evidently' cruel ly unjust to force the poor second' wife into the position of .a'dis- rbj)Utable!;: womanjwhieh must : be the '..cose wlibn' inissionaries f orce polygamist .'converts to cast off all;tlieir. wive8 but tlio first married. There was no necessity ' for the evident in justice of casting'/a poor wife adrift on the world; St. Paul certainly, advises that a. deacon 'slipuld riot fiave'more/ than one .wife, but tlio 'convert in questiori was not a deacon, arid if I' thb ap.oStle's ' advice be followed "lio" would be . ineligible for.' the office be cause ' he jhad more wives than one. But it is downright wicked, it seqiris to us, to put a blameless wife away for tho sake of inakiiig a man eligible for tho/ office. Nay, lib would be greatly to blame for doing so, and that in itself would make him ineligible for. the office, for the ehurch officer in question must bo blameless' as well ' as the husband of , one wife.' Tlie Uncrowned Huguenot. — The present premier of France, M. Brissot, is the descendant of a Huguenot family and a ProteBtarit. It will be two hundred years in October next since the Edict of Nantes was revoked by Louis XIV., the Grand Monarch. : The whirligig of time has brought about its revenges, now that the Bourbons older and younger are banished from the monarchy, and a Huguenot is tho chief Servant of the Republic of France. Tlie Expatriated Hugue nots. — A remarkable t'act has been recently brought to light by Dr. C. VV. Baird, who has just published a history of tlio Huguenot emigration to America. He cleurly proves, and establishes by a mass of incontestable evidence, that Canada was first settled under a "charier given by Henry IV. to one of his Protestant followers. In so doing be secured entire roligious freedom to the colonists of whatever belief. How, then, did the Popish faction obtain those privileges which the treaty under General Wolfe conferred upon thoin, and thus rendered liberty of conscience impossible0 Romish Perverts. — Thomas Arnold, brother of Matthew, and nn inspector of Popish Schools under the Government ; Gilbert Scott, a grandson of Thomas Scott, the Commentator ; a son of the Methodist, Dr. Rule, who wrote a history of tho Inquisi tion ; a son of J. G. Locklinrt is a Romish priest as well as the son of Sheridan Knowles ; Burns, the brother of W. C. Burns and Pro fessor Islay Burns, rioted Evangelical minis- ters. Sir Stafford Nortlicoto's brother is a JeBuit priest, so is the brother of the Lord Chief Justice Coleridge. Australia draws lier Maiden Sword.— Brother McCormick has pub lished a Song of Welcome to the Contingent, under the abovo bending. Anyone who re members (and who does not ?) bis spirited piece, " The men who lived long ago," to whose, plaudits the Protestant Hall has rung, will have no difficulty in appraising tho value of tliis last effort of our brother's muse, which cqmes out just in the. nick. of time. ' Lower Paiddington Election — The ratepayers of Lower Paddington have now an opportunity of taking a step towards a much needed reform of the Paddington Municipal Council, ywhich has. been notorious for: ! disgrncof ul scenes. To-day, Saturday, 2.0tli' J une,; froni' 8 a.ni. to 3 o'clock p.m ., the pol I ing take8 plnce for an/ Alderman to repre sent fop Ward of 'Lower Paddington in the Paddington;"" Council. . Mr.'; Patrick Harper (butcher), one of Dr. Morari's la/mbs, opposes r. Arthur., Walker, who is well-known in the city and Bubbrbs /as l.a: 'fearless, upright mim, fiflt.vhpse protestarit principles, are also so .well known (for lie 'is riot a ,rnan, to, hide .them . for 1 policy's sake, being (as|iamed((pf ;ribthing. jthat hridoes), tliatv'tlie pne8t will Vppbse,lrim tooth ®nd, nail and will order tjio, f-f aitlifiul , i to cb(rio .out . from 1 their dens ,in "the slums," /of Lower" Paddington',' to' vote for Mr. Patrick Harper,; of the Irish Roman Cathoiic saint- hoodj that Dr. Moran approves so rriuch. ,;Uri- 'er®. is 'q. y.efy/ lafge' populatipn fivirig in localities of, very lo w'and, evil; irep.u- tation : in / the: boro ugiij . arid of,-' : cburse ' ,rthp faithful' predpminate aspsuai. iii' these places, arid will comb out/ to/ / vote; at .the order /of the prieBt. On thb 'other hand thp more intelligent ,and wql 1 -to/do electdrs o f the borough will/ vote for/ IVlr. jW alter, ahdrr.\yo wpuld impfpss' on' tHpsp the", urgent/ necessity. t|iere is for them" "to record, their/votes and-.hot let the back slum's vote carry the, day. 'Large as; is'dhe ' Ro'inish' votes; .in /those/' places' in .filpgtbriand certain 'as, it is/, that' ..scarcejy;! d voter from'' "tliein" "wil'l- riiisB1' recording hip , vote under order of , his -priest, .woiyet hbpe. that the ripper classbs'/wil carry /thb.day: but;W,e; would roiinin'dli, em that' tlie only hope thorp is for; doing this is for them ipdividu- ' themsbry/es,!. and/ as the dower orders will vote / to a man on'o'nq sidp they must vpte .en masseon ,tho; other.', /Too often bnp /of th'osq; . voters, \vho /are, inrleperidbnt arid riot , 'under compulaion by. /any- pnest/br. parson let.tbe boBt tban lose the day , being too! lazy, to gp' up/to reopfd/'theiriyotes.'/jlt is fbri.thjs reasbn' .tl.iajtj'horotbf ore ; tlie ' Paddington !.'Poun- bil;'; has beep 'ri, laughing- Btock,, it .'is! for", this reason th'at.it has obtairied such an unoriviablb rppututiou'for:diagracqful.;8ceno8. Itwero well for tho 'rate'pnybrs tq. prbvent ,a recur rence of these, scandalous, proceedings,' arid trip, charice is bperi'lo thbrn now to put in a ra'ari .of ./a/'nieW,' stain j>, Mr; ;Arth ur/jWal ker!" and in /'futurb '(elections' follow' ' it . up by purging out. tlie dross, fro rn the Paddington, Council arid replaciiig it., with finB /gokh /until tbat Cp'uricil jns.tqad Vof being a, thing /of, derision riiid 'contbinpt, bbcomps!, an, lionpu r ,to , pad dington, , and . consists . ;of rmeriJ who can cori- duct; their 'deliberation's', witb( intelligenbe.ind dignity/! , It/ is pasy. "to, cbmprehend tbat there is a/elique which will riot be glad' to see superior men elected. . They do riot.like.to have any but " their owri sort " in' the'Couricii, so., that they,,, can, hav/e everything, their, otwn ,way. Thpsp Year'/dnd ! will .pppbse.Mf.'Walkbr, or any other man .Ihatas'/ribf ftheiri/iquq/an b'e defiantly jnilependeirit of .tliemiri'/hip'/efforts to regenerate' tl.ip, Oouncil , and ' make/ the . old way 'of doing' things gi ve, place to .a rib,w .' arid bettororioj/which iB SO inucli ;needed.'.. Thi8 opposition ought only to make (men who i are not/ of tho clique support/ new . men .more strenuously and break itmp. , 