SPORTING NEWS. SPORTING NOTES. BY FLANEUR. Bendigo races were unsuccessful as regards weather and attendance; in fact, had it not been for the metropolitan division, there might have been a doubt as to the accuracy of apply- iug the plural-number; I no at- a loss .(or n substantia! reason' for ench a meagre’ patronage, a* the programme war a " {etcher, and 1 the 'field* were full. Hazirdiog a tip, too many calls and too few. dividends being the rule just now in Quartzopolis would . not-be far off the plum. . ' -r,' ■ The racing was good,. interesting, and ex*' citing; the results good, bad, and. indifferent, . [ according to yonr etatus as book, backer;, or beholder. 1 < I Huntsman,- a Ballarat horse, with McGowan in the saddle, easily appropriated ; the Hurdle Race. Mac. rode him splendidly, and those ■ who lauded'the” 3's to 1 rejoiced thereat. Sir Samuel, who 'ii' in a big winning vein just now, siinply galloped oyer his opponents in'the.Steeple and indulged himself by fipisb ing in'a walk. - v.-. ;[-v •- Sir Charles upset a big-tin of jim in the Telegraph Shakes. Irralea . was backed for pounds, shilling", and, pence. . Robertson steered.him,'.and' once again hia famous rush was' a mistake’ . -Hid Irralee been. ridden by a novice, instead of' this' celebrated 'jockey,' I[ am inclined'Vd-b'eMeye ;• that., his’ secondwould! hays been a first. '■ •• Fusilier won the Selling ! Hurdles any how, and landed a safe full..of sovereigns, but the sovereigns were hot safe, as a protest fur jost ling was entered, and the. stakes wore to.Bra'ceman.' ;The decision. of the.’ stewards was unfavorably commented on by visitors, and in my opinion the stewards were wrong: Mrs Elizabeth Bowes, one of the beat known Victorian sporting ladies has been compelled to seek the shelter of the court/presided over by Wriothealy Baptiste' Noel. The deficit' is about £BOOO. ' '. X lady oif mature years and uncertain ac complishments has given her better half. a., better run than .Commotion gave bis backers in the last Melbourne [Cup. “ She’s ower the border and awa” with a gum anckiog sapling, who unites the occupations-of bookmaker and fragrant weed traveller; Should' the irate husband get a clutch of him there will be more weeds knocking about, f A jumping trial cama off. this week at Kirk's , Bazaar. Two horses belonging to Mr Glass cock and Warner cleared the bars at 5 feet 10 [inches. The profits on the Brisbane-autumn meeting amount to £7OO. As >ha profits hitherto .have almost uhvariably been losses, I congratulate ■the club on the alteration. Mr S. Gardiner gave a colt onmsd Irooahift to the Gordon Memorial Committee. He was raffled, Dr A. Webb won him, and the com-. mittee nicked £32. The Railways Commissioners have reduced the rates usually charged.at'tbe.Ballarat Huut Club./ £1 'for huntsmen and 5s for horses is the schedule now from Ballaratto.'Trawallai J Sydney' Tattersalla are about to erect a monument.to the late'.Mr Gsprge Curtis, -; That fast but. uncertain grey horse, Tritely, put up a big record at Charlesyille; races the 1 pther 'day. Three wins and two seconds want a lot of wiping out. : ;What a: difference it makes in the'epeed 'of,-a horse if he happens to figure in the list of wanteds ! ■ Mr C.’S. Agnew, of Wawrley; Tasmania, has had the misfortune to lose a splendid colt by; ■ Assyrian from Lass o* the- Hills.-.. Ho got away, with the halter on, trod on- the rope, was thrown; and died next day. - . Geelong ■ Racing Club’e winter programme has been'published. There are" seven events set down for decision,- including the first two year-old event of the year. ~. • ‘lt is anticipated by English sporting writers that the’.two great saints, St.-Qatien and St. Simon,-will be matched for three distanceaior £5000; '■ Scratching* for,T.A.T, Club Meeting to-day-, have so far been few, and big fields will.be the order of the afternoon. It is expected, yea it is advertised, and con sequently- must be oprrect-tbat 35 horses-will appear..in silk to do battle for the Ladies! Trophy. Fred Archer is still to the fore, font out of five starts beiog his wincing- record at Cheater on the opening day. ■ Another .Victorian Victoria, in this instance Amelia :has been showing the Queenslanders hew well she can gallop, by. adding a winning a bracket or two to her list. Professor Miller has challenged Donald Dionie to wrestle a mixed match lor £2OO. \- O’Brien and Malone are to be matched, to rnn three distances for £5OO. On the 4ih July,;. O'Connor and Fosse do a five-mile run (or £lOO at the Friendly Societies ground.; 1 : v'..~V The walking match for £lOO between Murphy and M'Cann will- take place at the Lyceum Hall on Monday. Faro .n and Foley encounter will not come off, but the former intends to claim the stakes o -that portion of them which have been de posited. ; I think it ie a case of ex nihUo nihil £i. ; ' ' _ ” Aquatically, the - Victoria Yacht Club is in a sound financial condition, and has about 150 members. - . Archie Douglas, of. the S M. Rowing [Club, was presented by the Royal Humane Society with a silver medal for hie conspicuous courage in stopping n runaway - horse Theatrically, at the Royal “lolanthe" gives, place to the “ T.mbour Major;’’ Robertson’s “Casts”.' will. ,besuperseded by Darrell’s “Squatter” at Her Majesty’s; Emmarsou will pursue the popular tenor of hie way at St. George's; “La Bells Helen’’ will be the next change at the Bijou. The iE ial Beauties will continue at the Nugget, The great musical event of the week has been the appearance of Concsrt-Meieter Kruse. It -will ba remembered that some year's ago funds were raised to send this young gentle men fo.Europe tp complete , his musical edu cation. The money has been well expended. If Sdmeoyi is only a maesto, then Kruse is also to be ranked as such.. The Biby . and Beauty, Show referred I o by me some time ago is under weigh again, and will soon assume a definite shape. What joy is in store ! “A. thing of beauty is a joy for ever." ' Tits mb Toeat. . I promised my readers a couple of straight griffins for to-day's events. Both boreee have been retired, having in ” view -the. Grand National plums. ... With. the. exception of the Victoria Gold Cop the fields, will be large, and; as there has been no betting it would be as well to stand off until, about 5 minutes to starting time. Huntsman or Indian- Queen should ba about in the .Hurdles.. Chieftain or Blackthorn ’should win the Gold Cup.- East Lynne nr the Ghost should be among them for the Bracelet. Sir Samuel or Union should make it warm for the! Open Steeple, and Pailieroo, if in. the humor, should just about neck the Windsor Handicap. . For Bungsree Races on Monday, I want my friend- Tanglefoot to spot them, as I think he has a splendid show to put up a best .on record. 