THE V.S.C. BUMMER WEIGHTS. It would he unreasonable to expect that the weights for the five handicap events to he decided at the V.E.C. New Year's Day Meeting would meet with general approbation at the hands of owners,, and the customary amount of dissatisfaction has been expressed since the publication of the imposts inferred to. Yet, on the whole, tha majority of the weights allotted are equitable, and thd horses engaged in the Standish Plate and Midsummer Handicap are so admirably brought together that it would puzzle one to pick the winner of either m ten tries. The Agent, of cdnrse, heads the list in the Hurdle Itace, and, as we have yet to ascertain what he oaiCt do when thoroughly well, per haps 12st. 91b. may not stop him. I would, however, on this occasion rather pin my faith to something lower down ion the list, and Gasalier (list. 21b ), 'Insolvent (10st. 121b.), and General Jackson (lOst. 21b.) are about the best 'looking trio on paper. Lizette has now. fought her way over the heads of all the .other jumpers, and,, with 12st. opposite her name, is top weight in the Steeplechase. Lady Ashton (list.), Goodwood (list.), Starfish (lOst. 81b.), and Stag (lOst. 5lb.) are each fairly handicapped. 'Malua has a great task set him in the Standish Plate, in which he has 'to carry 9st. 131b., and he would have to be at his tip top to give this year's Cap winner eight pounds. Sheet Anchor (9st. 61b.), Chackster (8st. 9lb.), Albanus (7st 61b.), Hippogriff (7st.21b.), Seahorse (8st. lib.), and The Ghost (8st. 81b.) make upa pretty slippery half-dozen which may comprise the winner. In the Midsummer Handicap I like the look of Sheet Anchor (9st. 7lb.), Madcap (8st. 31b.), -Seahorse (7st. 111b.), Eemns (7st ,61b.), Metal (7st. 31b), and - Camerine (8st.). The top weights in the Criterion Stakes — Damocles (8st 121b.), Munwvr- tina (8st. 91b.), and Dividend (8st.51b.) — should not experience, much difficulty in shaking off the others' handicapped. Dak O'Bbien's three-year-old colt,' Hermitage, ran a dead neat for first place in the St. Andrew's Handicap, run at Dunedin eariy this month, with Tale bearer; Fusillade, the New Zealand Cap winner; bring unable to get nearer than third. ' Wmhsg of Hermitage reminds me of his sire, Cadogan, whom I well remember seeing win the Woodcote Slakes in '78 at Epsom, and seven years before that his grandsire, Cremorne, won the same race. Cadogan, if my memory serves me a-rigkt, was, on the strength of his Woodoote -Stakes victory, served up very warm for (he Derby won by 8ir Bevrs. He was imported by Mr. Stead to New Zealand in '81, and has already inade a name &r; himself u a sire. , . 