JAG OBI'S WIFE, j BY ADELINE SER.OEA.NT. AUTHOR 01^ 11 IIKit WORK IX UFI3," " 1IBY0ND kecall : a story of t1ie kcjyptiax war," etc., ETC1. [aix hkjiits Reserved.] CHAPTER VII.—At Hillside Farm. The time camo at length when Joan was free to go back to the farm. Hie Spcnccs wore out of danger J the other cases of fever in the village had been sliglit, and' the care taken by Joan and Dr."Ambrose had prevented infection from spreading. Long confinement in the house and attendance in the sick-room had tried Joan's nerves and strength more than she liked to acknowledge. Her cheek had a paler tint and a sharper outline than it had worn in former days. But her step «as firm and light; it was a great pleasure to her to go back to tho old home life. A widowed sister of her mother's had been keeping house for her, as she was in the habit of doing on any emergency ; but Mrs. Tuke was now wishful to return to Her own little cottage on the bordei'3 of the village, and Joan felt that her place was with her father. She knew that ho would miss Luke sorely; Seth was too silent and morose to till the void-made by the younger son's absence, and he was also much occupied by the fact of his x'Gcont bctrofch.il to a pretty round-faced village girl, called Patty Price, and was sel doin at home in the evenings. Joan thought with some pleasure of the resumption of her household duties ; they were never a tie or a trouble to her, and she never couUl ^ contem plate with equanimity the severity with which Aunt Lydia sometimes treated the farm ser vants, or the waste of money and food which would probably begin with Patty s icign. She quickened her steps as she ncarcd the farm-house door in tho golden glow of an August afternoon, for unusual sounds of voices and of laughter broko upon her ears. On entoring the liouso she discovered that they proceeded from the parlor, which, in accordance with her mother's custom, Joan generally kept shut and locked. Hero she found the tea-table spread, and the ^wholo family assembled round it. Aunt Lydia, re splendent in black silk, and a cap adorned with nodding and funeral bugles, sat at the tea-tray. Reuben Darenth was opposite her, uncomfortable and ill at ease in appearance ; Seth, in his Sunday clothes, wore a look of solemn satisfaction, rarely to bo seen on his dark, heavy face ; and beside him sat the cause of all this unusual merry- making, in the person of Miss Patty Price. It was a mystery to every one what Setli Darenth could find to admire intliis girl with her vain, pretty face, her fringe of yellow curls, her constant attempt to copy tho cur rent fashions in dress and manner. She had been to a third-rate boarding-school, and had there acquircd-a hundred little airs and affec tations which were an abomination in .Joan's sight ; and she pretended to look down upon Joan and to consider her peculiar and old maidish. In reality she was thoroughly afraid of her future sister-in-law, and felt bound to protest against her own timidity by an assumption of great familiarity and patron ' '".Joan did not como straight from the Spence's cottage to her home. She had removed with them into a small unoccupied house belonging to Dr. Ambrose while their own dwelling was cleansed and disinfected ; and after spending a week with them there, she had gone away from Charnwood alto gether for several days to visit a friend. ° So there was absolutely no need for Patty Price to gather up her flounces and shrink away from Joan's prollered hand as if fearing infection, and this was carefully explained to her ; while Joan, rather hurt in her mind, offered to leave the room as long as Patty was in it, if she or Seth felt afraid. But Patty taok courage and declared that she was not afraid at all ; and then Joan sat down beside her father, and, looking round with a smile, said that it was pleasant to bo at home again. " I'm sure then I wonder that you ever went away," said Patty pertly. "I cant imatrine what pleasure you find in running about from place to place ; I like staying at home for my part." She looked at Seth for approval, and lie rowarded her with a satisfied smile. Joan colored, but said nothing in reply. "And how wore the Spences ?" said Mrs. Tuke, iu a thin, high voice, _ " It's a mercy for them that they had a friend like you, Joan, for what they would ha' done, left to themselves, tho Lord only knows. It's be yond me, at any rate. Still, as the saying is, ' charity begins at home.' " "Yes, indeed." said Patty, with a curious little sniff. "And now you've returned, continued Airs. Tuke, " I suppose we neodn't go sending milk to the Spences and the •Joneses day after day, as wo'vo been doing for the last sis weeks or more, and not a penny in return " " You don't mean to say you ve been giv ing away good milk ?" said Patty, genuinely shocked. " Why, youxlon't think wo should wait till it had gone sour, do you 1" said the old fanner, rather grimly. " Woll, I never !" was the young damsel s sole reply. But her pursed-up lips expressed all the disapproval which she did not like to put in to words. " It is a waste," said Mrs. Tuke mourn fully. " No return for it all, and no grati tude. Folks call it lending to the Lord, but I do wish sometimes He'd pay interest. And Joan coming home not able to eat a bite or drink a sup, because she's boon spending her health and strength on a set of shiftless sick people, and looking as white as a ghost, or else," said Mrs. Tuke, glancing at Joan, " as she is now, red as a peony, though not so brown in the cheeks " Mrs. Tuke subsided. For Joan, with that sudden crimson in her face, was sitting up and speaking iu low. distinct, resoluto tones. " If I cannot eat or drink,'' she said, ad dressing herself to her aunt, "it is because I hear you call charity, waste ; and care for tlie poor, a vain expense of strength and time. How can I sit and eat when 1 hear these words ' 1 would soonor give the bit from my own plate than let tho poor go hungry." . , , . She had conic home in u state ot nervous weariness which made her unable to take such comments quietly. Patty looked at her with a mingling of re sentment and terror ; but Mrs. Tuke con~ tinned in her piping treble, all unmoved by Joan's smouldering excitement. "That's where you was always so silly, Joan. Giving the bit away from your own plate, indeed ! As if the poor didn't get r.nough scraps from the farm, what with milk and broken meat and broth, and no body knows what ! Sinful waste I call it : and them that wastes will como to want-" ' ,, ., ., i "It's what mother never allows, said, Patty. " She won't give away a poimy nor a crust of bread. She says it's encouraging the P°Joan looked at her earnestly, with a softer li.rht in her dark eyes, and rested her clasped hands on tho table as she spoke. " And who else encouraged the poor, Patty? Are we not to remember who it was that left us the poor as a most blessed charge ? I he poor ye have always with you.'A far-away look came into her face-rshe looked as if she were listening to souio distant voicc of limbic. Patty shrugged her shoulders. "Oh, if you'ro going to bring religion in !" she exclaimed, and then she glanced at Seth and laughed. " We shan't be always giving away our substance like Joan, 1 in sure, shall we, Seth ?■' . . " Wo shall do what's just and right, belike, said Seth, in his slow, heavy tones. "ButI doubt that Joan is over fond of giving and spending." "What do wit think, father?" said Joan, with a uote "of passionate appeal in her voicc. . . Kouben Darenth moved uneasily in his chair. " Well, said he, trying to evade tlie dilliculty, " there's truth on both sides," and left tho question exactly where it was before. Joan was silent, but foolish little Patty could not let tho matter rest. M Well, if ever I'm mistress hero, she said) tossing her head and seeming quite unconscious of anything objectionable in her remark, " there's a, many things of that kind that i shall change. The village people '11 find the difference." "The difference between selfishness and charity,'' said Joan, with a flash of scorn. " That's right : take the credit to your self," said Patty, witii an angry jerk of her chin. " I only do what my mother did before me," said Joan, turning rather pale, and rising from her seat. " And if her ways are to be changed, and if Hillside Farm is to be known as a place where poor folks are grudged •a drink of milk and a crust of bread, 1 trust I may be miles away from it before I see that day." " I'm sure I trust you may," Patty called after hor, as Joan loft the room. Then, seeing indignation on Mrs. Tuke's brow, and discomfort depicted in tile countenance of the two men, she burst into tears, and finally departed in high dudgeon, with Seth to see her home through the country lanes. Mrs. Take immediately announced her self ill with a bad headache, and retired to her room with a Bible and a basin of gruel ; Farmer Darenth roamed about the farm-yard and garden for a little while in a restless way; finally, catching sight of Joan in the kitchen, ho came in and seated himself m his arm chair between the fireplace and the window. The evening was beginning to fall, and the wind was rather cold ; he stirred the fire once or twice, and sent the bright llames leaping up the chimney ; but still he did not speak.' Joan, stepping backwards and for wards from kitchen to scullery, or dairy, with quick, decisive movements, cast an oc casional troubled glance towards him. When all her work was done, she came and laid her hand on his shoulder. " Father," sho said, " did I speak wrongly ?" " Well, no, Joan ; 1 c;ui'fc say that you did." " What then, father ?" "You were a bit hasty, a bit imprudent maybe." " If I was right," said Joan, with almost an impatient sound in her voice, "what does that matter ?" Hor father shook his head. Evidently he was ill at ease. "Tell me, father," she said, trying to speak vory gently, " what is it you really mean." " Well, you spoke a trifle 3harp, Joan," said Reuben Darenth, with some resoluteness. " Not bvit what you might be right in the main. But Patty Price is to be Seth's wife, it seems. Paty and Setli will have the farm after mo ; and now you've offended Patty." "Yes," Joan assontod quietly. "That's a pity, you know, Joan." " Why is it a pity, father ? If I think she is wrong in her way of looking at tilings, why shouldn't I say so ? You do not wish the farm to go back from its ok! way, and be just the means of earning a living instead of a means of helping others ?" Joan's voice was growing indignant again. " We'd bettor havo made more money than wo havo, perhap3," returned the father. " Not that I grudge what we've spent on other peoplo, either money or time, but I know that I haven't always thought for my own children as I might have done. When I die I shan't, die a rich man. I may leave you a matter of two or three hundred pounds, and to Luke the same, and Seth will go on with tho farm, but two or three hundred is little enough if you come to live on it, or to set up in business, and unless you keep friends with Patty the farm won't be your home any longer." " I know it won't, father. I should not wish it to be so if you were gone," said Joan. She had seated herself on a stool at her father's feet, and clasped her hands round his knees. Reuben Darenth looked at her firmly. They were quite alone, for the farm servants generally gathered for tJig evening in ail outer kitchen, and the door of communi cation between, the two was shut. " What would you do then, Joan ?" " I think, father, if nobody wanted me hero, I would go up to London and learn how to be a really good nurse. Doctor Am broso s:\ys there's a great deal to bo done in hospitals. I'm strong, and can bear seeing pain and sickness. I think I should make a good nurse." "Maybe—maybe," said old Darenth rest lessly. "But I am not sure that I should like that sort of life for you." "Bettor than eating out one's heart in another person's fine house as lady's maid or nursery governess," said Joan with sudden vehemence. Botter than standing behind a counter and measuring out ribbons. Better than " She stopped short, looked at her father's grey worn face, and changed her tone. It's better, sho said, "to earn one's daily bread by helping people who aro sick and in trouble than by making selfish lives a little easier and a little more complete. If I found I could not bo a nurse " " Well what then ?" "Then I think I should have to give up England altogether, and go to India on a mission." But she laughed as she spoke, and her father did not fool disturbed. " You might marry, you know, Joan," he said doubtfully. "That's not likely," said Joan, with decision. " Well, well, I don't know. But concern ing Seth and Patty—" " Concerning Seth and Patty ' said Joan, with a sudden rise of colour in her face, aud a slight sharpness creeping into her voice, " I don't think I have ever said anything to them or about them which I did-not mean." It was plain that Joan had been grievously wounded and offended by Patty s words about the future timo when she should be mistress of tho farm. Darenth was silent for a minute or two and rapped upon the arm of his chair uneasil}. Ho was just about to speak again when Joan rose from her scat with suddenly uplifted forefinger. " Hark !" she said. " Is not somebody knocking at the door ?" She listened for a moment, while her father muttered that he had heard nothing. The knock was not repeated, but Joan walked to the door and opened it. She looked out into a twilight stillness, and between her and thegoldenskystoodthelignre of a woman all in black. Joan waited, but no words fell from the visitor's lips. Hor face was veiled ; she was dressed in mourning from head to foot ; she did not inovo forward, but her garments shook a little as if sho trembled. Seeing this sign of agitation, Joan reovered from the state of surprise into which the appearance of this unknown visitor had thrown her, and con cluded that sho was some tired traveller who had come to ask the way, or to beg for a seat and a glass of milk. Such guests wore well known*at the hospitable Hillside farm. " Will you come in, ma'am ? said the girl respectfully. " Father's at home if you want to see him." After a little hesitation the l;idy stepped forward. She had a tall, graceful ligure, as could be seen in spite of her shrouding black draperies, and sho carried a little bag upon her left arm. Reuben Darenth rose from his chair as she entered, and looked at her expectantly, his lino, grey, weather beaten face talking on its shrewd business expres sion. But still the woman in black did not speak. " Will you sit down, ina'am ?" said Joan, more and more convinced in her own mind that this was a person who needed rest and refreshment after a long walk, or perhaps, on account of a sudden attack of illness. She was the |more confirmed in this impression whan the visitor raised her veil, and showed that the countenance beneath it was pale as death. " Is your name Darenth ?" sho said to Joan, as tho girl waited before hor. "Yes. Would you like a glass of water?" said Joan, fearing that tho whiteness of lip and cheek was increasinc, and making a step towards their guest's chair. Tho woman shook her head. You are like —very like," she murmurod, devouring Joan with her eyes, while lleuben Darenth drew near with a dawning suspicion that tho now comer was mad. "Like—my mother,"sho said, with a sudden etl'ort to speak intelligibly And then she added, as if she wished to ex plain her words," My mother's name was Elizabeth Darenth." " Elizabeth Darenth ?" said tho farmer, j his brow darkening. "What, my sister'.' she that ran away from homo ami left her friends and died—" "Died of a broken heart," said the woman steadily. She would have risen from her feet, but Joan took her by the hands and looked into her facie. " And are you my cousin ?" she said. " My cousin, come from France to see us! We are very glad to see you, cousin, and .we hope you will be happy hero." Then, moved by the expression of the dark eyes that met hers, she stooped down and kissed her cousin on the forehead. " Father,"shesaid, half reproachfully, "won't you welcome my cousin to England too V Reuben Darenth drew near, and somewhat reluctantly offered his hand. " I don't know whether you are Miss or Madame," he said somewhat grutlly, "but you have the look of your mother about the eyes—and a touch of Joan, too, if you weren't so peaked and thin—and I'm glad to see you home again, Elizabeth." His words were not tender, but there was a friendly sincerity about the clasp of liis hand and the look of his eyes which redeemed his speech from the charge of harshness. His niece rose to answer him. " I am much'obliged to you, sir," she said. Her voice h id a faintly foreign accent, which was less agreeable to Reuben than to his daughter. " I did not know that English men and Englishwomen would be so ready to welcome a stranger and a foreigner. I thank you for your kindness. I need not have hesitated to come to you." Then some slight change in the farmer's face caused her to add, '^But I can prove that 1 am what I tell you. You see this bracelet ; it was one my mother wore before she left Charnwood. You can question me, if you like ; I know her history, and something of yours. I do not think," and she turned to Joan with a singularly sweet but mournful smile, "that you would take 1110 for an impostor." "My father doos not think so," said Joan confidently. But her cousin went on un heeding. " I have had an unhappy life. My mother died of miser}-, sickening for her brother and her home. She did not name me Elizabeth," with a quick look at Reuben Darenth ; " I am called Madalena. I married at five and twenty, a man younger than myself. A bad man. I led five miserable years with him." She ceased, and looked down at her hands, from which she had withdrawn the gloves. The wedding ring hung loose upon the thin white finger. " And uow he is dead'?" said Reuben, with a touch of sympathy. She gave him a quick glance. " Yes," she said, " dead to mo." Reuben, with all his shrewdness, could at times be strangely obtuse. He did not con sider what the last three words might mean ; he accepted the statement of her husband's death in all good faith. But Joan was quick of discernment. It seemed to her that this woman's trouble was greater than that of death. " And so you have como to your friends in England. Well, niece," said Reuben Darenth, us if he were now admitting her claim upon him for the first time, " you are kindly wel come. As long as I have a house over my head it will be your shelter if you want it. I am glad to make acquaintance with my sister's child. And so she was not happy—poor girl —poor' Lizzie !" Suddenly he turned away and went out of the room as if ho could bear the scene no longer. They heard his steps go slowly up the wooden stair ; they heard him enter an upper room and shut the door. And then Madalena, who had sunk back in her chair witli a look of utter exhaustion, turned her heavy eyes 011 Joan. "Ho is good," she said, although he looks stern. And you—you look good, too. You will not mind my troubling you a little while? I am not come for long ; but I wanted to see the place where my mother lived before I wentto her. Because, you know," she con tinued, whilo hor purple-veined lids seemed ready to close upon her oye3 with very weari ness, " I have only come here to die." " Oh 110, no," said Joan tenderly, " you must not tals of dying yet. We shall soon make you well. You have had great trouble, poor soul, and you are weaiy of your life. You will bo better and stronger soon." She put hor arms round the stranger's shoulders and drew her close to hor bosom. For a moment the desolate woman tried to free herself, then yielded to the gentle pres sure. and burst into a passion of tears. " Yes, yes," she sobbed, " you are right. I have had great trouble—great trouble. I have given up all I cared for—I am weary of every thing. I do not even want to find him now. Onl}- let me stay here and rest for a little while before I die." Joan held hor for a few minutes until she grew ealmor, then kissed her again upon the forehead. " You are not like a young girl," said hor cousin, looking up into the grave, beautiful face above her with a sort of wonder, "you are like a mother—you know how to love. I novel-had a sister ; will you be a sister to me now ?" Before they separated for the night the guest said with the same look of wonder, added to a new' and wistful truthfulness, " You are strange people ; you have never asked my married name. I will tell it to you—it is Yallor. My husband was called Cofistantine Yallor." " Then you are Mrs. Vallor?" said Joan. " Yes,-or Madame Yallor ; which you like. But I do not love the name. You must call mo Madalena, and let me forgot the other. I have given upjny past life," said the woman, turning her white, weary face upon the pillow. "I pray God night and morning that the time may soon come when there shall be no more a Madalena Yallor." And then she fingered a rosary round her neck, and Joan believed that she was already praying. Sho stole away and left her to her prayers—such as they were. (To bt: continued.) 