CHRISTMAS IJST IRELAND, The Gloria in excelsis is a song to which Ireland's heart has ever throbbed responsive. When even in her darker times the Great Day of the year came upon her as she sat and wept, she took her harp from the willow and made its chords thrill anew to the joyous numbers of the 'song of the Lord.' That past has a spirit which in this season ot retrospection whispers, above all to aged Irish ears, things sombre yet glorious — memories of faith ful hundreds hieiusj stealthily to Midnight Mass on the bleak hill side, of sudden alarms, of military onslaughts, and ot souls sent shrift in martyr's blood to end the Feast in heaven. Thus ever at Christmastide the past has a first and special claim upon Irishmen, as upon others ; but the Irish past is fraught with gloomy memories— memories from which, however, we are quickly recalled by merry bells and cheerful voices to the uni versal joy of the living present. Christmas in Ireland is traditionally a estival of the deeply spiritual, and not — as some would have it — of fche gastric order. Mere creature comforts are not much insisted on, and are taken, as the Apostle recommends, with thanksgiving and simplicity. Herein lies the point of depar ture between . the Irish and the English, the Catholic and the Protestant. Christmas. None will have failed to notice the uuseemly prominence given by the great body of the English people to gastronomical ' good things ' on this day, nor their unswerving fidelity to what Tusser wrote in The Farmer's Diet : 'At Christmas, play and make good cheer.' But what with the good cheer and the merrymaking — what with the ' Midnight sound of revelry, Tipsy dauce and jollity,' the Babe that lay in the manger at Beth lehem is too often, alas ! forgotten, or at best relegated to the background of the Christmas picture. Thus, shorn of its only splendour and significance, .His Festival is transformed, according to the class and humor of those by whom it is celebrated, into a solemn eating-bee, or a mid-winter carnival. So, too, though to a less grievous extent (thanks to the saving influence of Catholic customs) with the Protestant fraction of the Irish people. In all parts of the country the woods are ransacked for holly and ivy, the standard decorations alike of cottage, farm-house, mansion, and church. The altar, by cunning hands bedight, basks in the fresh glory of the dark green leaves, from out which peep clusters of blushing red berries, like cherubs from out the clouded depths of a Murillo. The misletoe comes in for some small share in Christmas decoration ; but Ireland's sons and daughters in no way connect its presence with the laughing, the blushing, the flirtation, often .?sly, too often open, to which ''Cross Channel' usage has consecrated it. For the re3t, the Festival is observed as it should be in an eminently Catholic land. It is a day specially abounding in grace and charity and good will. Good wishes flit plentifully about, the crisp air rings merrily, ana almost every lace you meet is 'like a benediction,' as Don Quixote will have it. Good deeds multiply, and charity expands, till its far-reaching arms embrace all the untold miseries of the Irish poor. Forth from a thousand homes go ministering angels on errands of mercy, each with ' ? a tear for pity, and a hand Open as day for melting charity.' Through them the substantial fare of the middle classes, as well as the other addenda of Christmas time, and clothing old and new, find their way into the wretched hovels of the poor, seasoned with good wishes that bubble over from the soul's depths, and set long-mute joy-bells a-ringing in many a heart and home. Between the giver and the receiver, between people of ail classes, fellow- feeling goes forth and back, back and ; forth. Social grades disappear before the 1 Manger in which lay the great Benefactor ' and Equalizer, who came to fill every valley, ' and to bring every mountain and hill low. (Luke, iii, 5). Were this bond of mutual ' charity the only fruit of the Mystery of the Incarnation, even then indeed Christ's sufferings and sorrows were not in vain. Not all the range of human philosophy could dream of aught beyond a cold philanthropy, the very quintessence whereof is as far re moved from ' the charity that is in Christ ' as 'from the centre thrice to th' utmost pole.' Such are, briefly, the salient features of an Irish Christmas of the present day. Long ago many other customs were in vogue, which, owing to force of circum stances, have dwindled down to mere local observances It is strange that the Mid night Mass should have been allowed to die out iu a laud like that. And yet it is true. It has been here and there revived by the Trapjnsts and other religious bodies, and is, we believe, still preserved in Cahirciveen, the native phic; of Daniel O'Connell. Living grandmas and grandpas saw the pious custom flourish and decline. They look back to it as the ha]jpiest memory of the olden Christmas time, and — laudatores lemporis acll — roundly rate the present generation, which will not kneel to the Divine Babe at the hour when, according to a pious belief common there, even the oxen and the asses go on their knees in mute adoration of Him whom it was their privilege first of the brute creation to behold. Far North, 'where bright bound the streams,' in dark Tyrone, young and old still wend their way at midnight to the chapel, where, in all the cold of the small hours, the .Rosary ami other devotions are carried on, under the guidance of some wearer of silvery locks, until Mass time. In many places the ' Christmas candle' is kept alight in honour of the festival ; and in Westmeath pious Catholic families use candles instead of gas on the vigil. In many parts of the County Cavan, people watch all the night long with Mary and Joseph. To enliven the fervour of the drowsy, groups of young men 'go the rounds,' and with sounding instruments loud and harsh mar the rest of those who take the joyous Festival so tamely as to go to bed. In Tyrone, a strict fast is observed on the vigil, broken by a frugal repast about 6 p.m. This dispatched, a touching devotion follows. All kneel and pray for the absent members of the family. The words of your great poet, ' Then? is no fireside, howsoe'er defended, But hass ono vacant ('hair,'' are doubly true of this poor country ; for in the wake of the Rider on the Pale Horse loom the white sails of the emigrant ship. The one and the other bear their plentiful burdens away, leaving a void in many a home and heart. No marvel, then, that the devotion of the Tyrone peasantry often ends in a tempest of weeping. But the 'tidings of great joy' that the morrow celebrates overwhelm, we trow, all darker thoughts, and by contrast make, the reversion of feeling more grateful and sincere ; as ' The hues of bliss more brightly glow, Chastised by sabler tints of woe.' Christmas, then, in Ireland, as it is and ever shall be elsewhere, is a season for thoughts of sadness as ',' of joy, albeit those of joy preponderate. Its bells, like the bells of memory, conjure up with magic . voice the ghosts of things past and forgotten. To '?'?- retrospective old age, it calls up more of thoughts and memories sad and sombre ; more of bright visions and of fair hopes to prospective youth, whose life is in the future. 