Notes of the Month. fPHE Bishop of Riverina, in company with the Primate and -*- the Bishop. of Goulburn, arrived at Hay on Tuesday, 17th March, and were enthusiastically received. The installation service took place on Wednesday, the 18th, in St. Paul's Church, when the necessary document for the formation of the diocese, and the surrender of territory by the Dioceses of Goulburn and Bathurst, having been readj the Rev. James Macarthur, incumbent of the church, in accordance with the mandates of the Bishops of Goulburn and Sydney , respec? tively, duly installed 'Sydney Linton, Doctor in Divinityj . jfluth the real and .actual presence of the See of Riverina, with 'all, the .rights, members, and appurtenances thereof, in the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the . Holy Ghost. Amen.' The sermon was preached by ? the Primate,, from Eph. ii. 21. At the luncheon which folio wed. addresses wore presented — to the Primate by the ' Rev/. ..A. D. Mitchell, to Bishop Thomas by the Rev. R. H. Christie, to the Bishop of Riverina by the Rev. James Macarthur. In the address to Bishop Linton reference was made both to the munificence of the Honourable John Campbell, who contributed so largely towards the endowment oi the new diocese, and to the 'self-denying labours of the pioneer bishop of these almost interminable plains, the Bishop oi Goulburn.' The .formal reception of the Bishop at Deniliquin took place on the Thursday, installation, services being held similar to; those at Hay, and the Primate preaching from the same text. Bishop Linton has decided to make Hay the seat of his bishopric, and large suras are being subscribed for the purpose of building him a residence. IT is announced by the Council of the Sunday-school Associa tion that the prizes and certificates awarded at the recent examination will be presented to the successful competitors by the Lord Bishop of Melbourne this evening, at eight o'clock, in' the hall of the Young Men's Christian Association, Russell-street, when, an address will be delivered by the Bishop, and statements relative to the examination will be made by Canon Vance, chairman of the examiners, and Mr. E. D. Puckle, honorary secretary of the association. TjlOR the last fortnight Australia, like Albion when preparing -*- for Caesar's invasion, has 'looked out in arms.' For the first time in their history it has really seemed not an unreason able fear that the colonies might wake some morning to find an enemy; at their gates. Some thirty years ago a salute fired by the ' Great Britain' late one evening, on her release from quaran tine, roused many quiet people out of their beds in the belief ,that a Russian man-of-war was firing on St. Kilda. What was a mere scare in 1855 is in 1885 a danger not to be contemned. The presence of Russian vessels in the southern seas, the know ledge of our waters gained by their commanders in friendly visits to these shores, the treasure to be won by the threat of bom barding one of our cities, the humiliation and loss to be by tliis means inflicted upon England, are sufficient arguments that, once war is declared, Russian invasion will be no distant peril. It is matter, for self- congratulation, therefore, that our colonial .Governments have so vigorously pushed on their defences. We trust that the more peaceful tone of later telegrams from Europe . will not induce them to relax their vigilance or their prepara tions. War is always at best a 'hideous last resort,' a *- ' frightful alternative ;'. but there are times when war, with all, its evils, is needed for national security, and Englishmen have not to learn now for the first time that to be prepared for war is the best security for peace. . A NUMBER of associates pf the Girls'. Friendly Society -'- assembled at Bishopscqurt on Tuesday, the 17 th March, 1 at the invitation of Mrs. Moorhouse, the. president of the society in Melbourne, to meet Mrs. Awdry, the vice-president of .the Girls' Friendly Society in. England, who is now on a visit to the colonies. About seventy associates were present, including Mrs. Thornton, the president of the Ballarat Diocesan Branch, and several associates from the country. Lady Loch was unavoid ably absent from the meeting, and had written to Mrs. Moor house expressing her regret afc being absent, and begging her to assure the associates of her cordial interest in the society. Mrs. Awdry began by saying how much interest the society at home took in its development in the oolonies, and that many of her co-workers in England would envy her did they know that she ?was then addressing a colonial branch of the Girls' Friendly Society. She felt that great work had been done last year in bringing the colonies nearer the society at linme by the election of colonial representatives on the English Council. She then went on to speak of the marvellous growth of the Girls' Friendly Society, not only numerically, but morally, that it was now felt to be a power, and a power for good. Only last year, at the Church Congress at Carlisle, she had heard it spoken of, not once, but many times, as a great power all over the country for good. It Avas an astonishing movement, because it was what had been believed could not exist — an association of women, legally regularly organised and managed by women. People said in Eng land they were always hearing of the GirJs' Friendly Society. They could not avoid doing so. A leading London clergyman had said to her, ' We hear so much about it because it is such a tremendous thing.' ' Now, since we stand in such numbers in England,' continued Mrs. Awdry, '120,000 women and girls, we cau't but look round and see how it came. Mrs.Townsend, who ten jy.ears ago first began to think and talk about it, had no idea of the Avay in which it would grow. Sho was more startled than .any one.. She said to me— ' It is a God-given work ; He gave the . thought and the growth.' And the more one sees of it the more one feels that it is God's work, and we are His army. Each one is called to the work by Him and led by His hand ; beside His workj human agency seems so little. 'We of the (Girls' Friendly Society are members of an enormous organisation, any part of which may be touched in any part of. the world. The question naturally arises, What will God do with His array ! The imme diate work is upholding the cause of purity. The way in which the branches flew together was absolutely marvellous. As the movement spread the branches kept, on joining on. 'It was; like a crystal thrown into water, which, by the nature of its affinity, joins onto itself other bodies with which it comes in/contact, until a solid mass is the result.' Mrs. Awdry then said that in a country strange to her, and in a community unknown to her, she felt a difficulty in knowing what points and difficulties to touch upon ; but on its broad basis of being' a help to young women to keep pure, she feared the Girls' Friendly Society was as much wanted here as it was in England. There was' no doubt that the world was on the eve of a great struggle, a' struggle for good or evil, and it is no light matter to range, oneself on the right side. It seems as if the powers of good or evil were drawing their forces together, and when one heard that even amongst the highest in the land there were organisations for evil, one. realised how awfully important it was that there should be organisations for good, that if possible those working for good might be beforehand, and those liable to fall strengthened and helped against the evil. Mrs. Awdry next dwelt for some time upon the character of the associates, and of the great use' to the society of the honorary associates, who, though not workers, were abie by their prayers and influence to do a great deal.. 'Let all the work we undertake be done as perfectly as it; is possible to do it. Our best work is to do whatever comes to our hands perfectly. We are members of a great army God has raised up ; we don't know yet what He is going to do with His army, but let tis make it as perfect an instrument as possible. One way of making it perfect is to drop all prejudices, and to work together harmoniously. The way in which the work is done by the society generally depends upon the character of the associates — what they are in their own homes, and their own circle. There is no fear to imagine that the girls will not rise to anything set before them by the asso ciates ; there is plenty of enthusiasm in girls; it is quite unnecessary to suppose that they will be behindhand in showing it. The associate need but guide them— -they will follow ; and if the girls are joined by God to His army, it isn't fair to give them any less high ideal than that of standing up for Him against evil, and this is a glorious ideal. Some say girls can't rise, to that; but they are wrong — they respond to it splendidly. We must remember that the associates are not the society ; it is a union of women and girls. Some girls will ask what good they will get by joining it. Well, the good of helping others. Some girls are full of help for others, and more than ready to help them. I have known one branch most anxious to send messages — large messages of love and prayer — to another branch, though, personally, none of the girls of one branch were known by the girls of the other. The close contact into which associates are brought with their households should make them very careful of their conduct. The associates must be true, remem bering that the girls know our lives, what books we read, and what we talk about.' After further remarks of an edifying and useful kind, the meeting assumed a more conversational form, and various matters connected with the Girls' Friendly Society — admission of candidates, honorary members, lodge and recrea tion rooms, badges, &c.; — were discussed. ' Candidates,' Mrs. Awdry said, .' were now quite an acknowledged part of the society ; they were admitted at eight years of age ; they paid no subscription. Sometimes, when old enough, they became members, not always. It was a very usual thing to put a candi date under a member for a time, and when the associate was sure of her earnestness of character to admit her to full membership. The need of a candidate was felt from the growing liability to sin amongst very young girls, even children. Now, refuges for women were not sufficient; refuges for children were wanted, too, and the candidate class would, it was hoped, come in here, and by the influence of the society help many young ones, who would otherwise fall away, to live good and. pure lives. All women-who are by their character in a position to protect others are admitted as associates, but they must all be members of the Church of England. With regard to admitting a girl who had fallen, but who had repented, that was a battle the society had had to fight at home, and it had been decided against their admission. This might seem hard, but it was a very needful * rule, and no ono need think that such girls were in consequence uncared for. There were those who would look after them. A lady working amongst a class of girls not eligible for the Girls' Friendly Society spoke of its members to me as ' the aristo cracyto.us.' The Girls' Friendly Society is a visible witness that purity is possible to every one. It is an organisation that must come first. It clears the ground, and by its tone is felt to be a standard of morality against the sin of the world, and its presence is in many places a positive test of the purity of the neighbourhood.' Mrs.. Awdry strongly recommended the formation of lodge and recreation rooms, and said she wished the head of the lodge department in England was present to answer questions on the subject. If for nothing else, a lodge is wanted for a centre. ' It is a good thing to have our - name up in the street for people to see.' In England there are two kinds of lodges — those for sleeping and food, and those for recreation rooms. There are 60 lodges and 166 recreation rooms. The meeting closed by Mrs. Awdry'a reading aloud the most excellent leaflet, The Need of a Girls' Friendly Society, which can be procured at the Diocesan Registry, William-street. ON Tuesday last a deputation, consisting of Canon Chalmers and the Rev. G. W. Kelly, waited on Canon Vance at the Vicarage, Kew, and presented him with the following address, together with the Easter gift to which reference is made in it: — 'To the Rev. George Oakley Vance, M.A., Incumbent of Holy Trinity, Kew, and Canon of Melbourne. Rev. and dear sir — Some of us, whose names are herewith inscribed, in alphabetical order, are among your old pupils, and we remember with grateful pleasure the kindly and scholarly interest which you always took in our studies, and have since taken in our subsequent career. Others of us, again, are per sonal friends, parishioners, or fellow-clergymen of the diocese, and have long been cognisant of the valuable aid you have rendered to the Church in Victoria during a period of more than thirty years, over which your minis'ry has extended ; of the wise and practical counsels you have brought to bear upon the deliberations of the Church Assembly, the Council, and of various boards and committees of the diocese ; of the able, impartial, and graceful manner in which you have discharged the duties devolving upon you as editor of The Church of England Messenger ; and of the general satisfaction you have given as one of the classical examiners of the University. Your appointment to a canonry in St. Paul's Cathedral some years ago we regarded as a natural consequence of your well-proved ability, and of your useful and distinguished services to the diocese. These con siderations have inspired us wirh a desire to manifest, in some tangible way, our appreciation of your many excellent qualities and valuable services. The arrival in Melbourne last April of Dr. Barry as Bishop of Sydney and Primate of Australia, reminded some of us that you had, in your school days, suc ceeded him in the honourable position of Captain of King's College School, London, and this recollection stimulated us to set about the carrying out of our desire. Accordingly, a few of us met together, formed ourselves into a committee, and decided r,o ask you to take the necessary steps to procure for yourself, from your University of Oxford, the degree of Doctor of Divinity, a distinction for which, upon payment of the customary fees, your University standing has, we believe, already qualified you, and which your past and present scholastic and cathedral appointments render it appropriate that you should claim. Having .subscribed amongst ourselves £100, we beg that you will accept, as an Easter gift, the accompanying cheque for that amount, and therewith defray the expenses incidental to a compliance with our request. We trust that you may long be spared to continue the happy relations which have so con spicuously marked your past career, with respect to the Church, to friendship, and to letters ; and we pray that the divine blessing may always abundantly rest upon you and yours. — We are, rev. and dear sir, yours faithfully, W. Chalmers, E. A. Crawford, J. B. Davies, G. W. Kelly, John Gakxick (lion, secretary and treasurer), Henry Kelly, F. R. Pincott, S. Stretch, committee on behalf of subscribers. Easter Monday, 6th April, 1885.' ' Canon Vance replied, acknowledging the fiiendly feeling that prompted the presentation, and expressing his special gratification at being still remembered kindly by his old pupik after the lapse of four and twenty years. rpHE Australian Churchman states that ' the Right Rev. the -^- Bishop of Goulburh has desired the Sydney Morning Berald to state, on behalf of the Hon. John Campbell, that the recent telegram from England, to the effect that the Fiji bishopric had been abandoned, is incorrect. The establishment of it is merely postponed for temporary reasons.' Mr. Campbell has himself, we understand, offered to subsidise the new See. FROM Norfolk Island we learn that the Rev. R. N. Codrington, who has been for some time engaged in press work in England, is expected to return, with the whole of the New Testament printed in the Mota language, some time in April. Mr. Penny is also printing two gospels in Florida, and Mr. Comins is ready with a reading-book in the Bauro language, which will soon be published. rPHE arrangements for the Sydney parochial mission, to be held -'? this year, are now complete. The mission 'is to be divided into two periods. The former of the two — extending from the 14th to the 21st of June — will embrace the city parishes, with some of the nearer suburbs. The second period, which will fall in some part of September next, will take in all the other suburban parishes. We trust that before the conclusion, at latest, of this mission our own diocese may enjoy the advantage of having a diocesan missioner actively engaged.. npHE revised version of the entire Bible is now, it appears, in ?^ type, and will be published in England immediately after Easter. Copies are expected to be. in the hands of the Mel- ' bourne booksellers in five or six weeks from this date. It is not to be expected that the excitement shown at the appearance of the revised New Testament will be repeated at the completion of the revisers' work ; but great interest attaches to the result of their labours, and though the day seems distant when the new version shall become the authorised English Bible, all students of Scripture will, no doubt, make haste to add to their libraries a copy of the sacred text, as the best scholarship of the day has translated it. ' npHE Church is shortly to lose one of its oldest landmarks in -'- the city. St. Paul's school was cleared away some years ago to make room for the Cathedral ; tenders are now invited for the purchase of St. Paul's Church, which occupies part of the gi'ound on which the nave of the new building is to be built. Many no doubt will be sorry for the removal of an edifice associated with the early history of the colony, but we believe that purchasers for the material will readily be found, and that it will only be pulled down to be put up again immediately just as it now stands, in one of our populous suburbs, in which increased church accommodation is greatly needed. In the meantime it is satisfactory to know that in spite of all delays the erection of the Cathedral is making such progress as to render further clearance of the ground necessary. We under stand that the large congregation worshipping in the existing church is not to be dispersed even for a few weeks, but that it is proposed to erect for their use a temporary wooden building on some disengaged portion of the Swanston-street site. npHE following extraordinary document appears as an adver *- tisement in a Queensland newspaper, with the signature V to it of the Rev. James Gilbertson, many years ago a clergy man of this diocese, now incumbent of the parish of Beenleigh. Of the circumstances calling for it we have no information : — ' ' e Whereas ecclesiastical order in the town of Southport is frequently disregarded by the erratic and meddlesome celebra tion of the public worship and administration of the sacra ments according to the use of the Church of England by unauthorised persons; and whereas it is fitting that all such irregularity and meddlesomeness in the Church affairs of the . ; said town should at once cease and determine : I, therefore, the duly licensed minister of the district in which Southport is ? situated, do hereby forbid all clergy of the said Church of England, all deans, archdeacons, rectors, vicars, incumbents, assistant curates, or others of what degree soever under the order of Bishop, from celebrating any of the divine offices of the said Church, or in any way whatever interfering with the ecclesiastical affairs of the said town of Southport until such time as I shall ask their assistance, or other proper arrange ments be made.' T&TE; regret that a copy of the evidence given by Mr. G. ' » GuiJlaume, secretary of 'the Industrial and Reformatory Schools Department, before the Chief Justice of South Australia, as chairman of the Destitute Act Commission of : South Australia, has reached us too late to be noticed in this issue at the length which so important a document deserves. The adoption of the boarding-out systen has, we believe, been attended with the very best results to the children, and a report as to its working, by the officer charged with its administration, ; ought to have great interest for the Christian public. We propose to devote a leader next month to the examination of Mr. Gitillaume's evidence. One reply of his we quote, as, if sustained, which we are convinced it can be, sufficient by itself to stamp the boarding-out system as a national blessing. ' Question 373 : Then you think the boarding-out system, so far as girls go, has been a great prevention of immorality 1 '' ' Distinctly so. ... I think the difference can be fairly attributed to the protection the service girl is surrounded with in her foster district. The public opinion that has formed round her there, the influences over her for good acquired by her foster-parents and their friends, her teachers both in day and Sunday-school, her clergyman, and the lady visitors, must do much to protect the girl from going astray, placing her in a position very different to that of a girl launched out into service from an institution, perhaps at a vast distance away from it, and among perfect strangers.' JUDGE WILLIAMS' theological bantling has not been let so ' severely alone as we advised. He has found an unsparing critic in the Bishop, who, in his noble Palm Sunday sermon, exposed with trenchant logic the inconsistency and shortsighted ness of the 'shallow optimism' which inspired the Judge's brochure. The Rev. Digby Berry, late Acting Warden of Trinity College, has also, in a counter pamphlet, entitled Judgment Without Evidence, examined seriatim the judge's position, and established not only the weakness and staleness of his arguments, but his ignorance of simple historical facts — even as to matters in which he lays down the law, and scoffs at those who differ from him. Mr. Berry's pamphlet is temperate and well-reasoned, and, as a reply, crush ing ; but ' after all ' was it needed ? Judge Williams, having at a rather late hour in the day, as the Argus well. puts it, 'discovered' Unifcarianism, is flourishing its evidences, or what he supposes to be its evidences, in the face of Christianity . If we feel bound to answer him now, where shall we stop ? He is so well satisfied with his beginning that he is j ust in the vein to go on, and discover Theism, and Deism, and Positivism, and, who knows ? mayhap, Swedenborgianism, and Mormonism, before he has done. But must we follow this capricious divine through all his religious vagaries 1 or will it not be better, if erroneous systems have to be combated, to do battle at once with their accredited professors and champions, who have given some proof of knowing what they say and whereof they affirm, and not waste time in disputing with a mere amateur and novice in theology, who would not be accepted as a capable exponent of its views by any known school of criticism or sect of religion 1 