OLD TIME SKETCHES. AUSTRALIAN REMINISCENCES. Br COBIO. MY FIRST TRIP INTO THE COUNTRY. A somewhat prolonged and severe illness was the cause of my being ordered to spend a month or two in one ot the country dis tricts of New South Wales in 1835, Sydney not agreeing with me; and as the only chance I had was to obtain lodgings at an hotel at Campbelltown, I proceeded thither to make a stay of two months, on the understanding, however, that during the sittings of the court that would be held during my stay I should have to give up my private room, if required, to some of the professional gentlemen who always made the hotel their liouse of call. Campbelltown was at that time a thriving small township in a rising agricultural dis trict, and its population would be about 300 ail told. The people of Campbelltown were generally a very hospitable, light-hearted, orderly community, with a large portion of their number of both sexes composed-as was nearly every other New South Wales community of those days-of emancipated, of ticket-of-leave, or of unexpired-sentence convicts; while, to add to this jrrcat obstacle to the moral advancement of the colony, there was a number of female immigrants sent out from the old country, a lar^e portion of whom were not a shade better women than the average of the female convicts; and these were generally distinguished amon* their own circles by the name of the ship in which they had arrived in the colony, as "Princess Itoyals," "Red Hovers," "Admirals," &c.; With the exception of a few families, most of whom lived some distance from the town, there were no people in Campbelltown that could be designated cultured or ac complished. The emancipated and the ticket-of-leave convicts, of both 6exes, mingled freely with the humbler classes of society who had not been compelled to "leave their country for their country's good," and so long as they behaved them-1 selves, they were treated as respectfully as others who had not been subjected to the de gradationof criminal punishment; but a line, a thin one perhaps, was drawn between these classes ana those still in close bondage, the latter generally associating with each other only. [ At the time of my visit to Campbelltown,1 the people used to think they had a great and most interesting sight to offer to visitors and to passing strangers ; and I was scarcely half an hourin my new temporary home before I was protnised that next morning I should be shown the great lion of the place. What " our harbofit was and still is to the people I of Sydney," Fisher's Ghost," or rather the place where it was alleged to have been seen, I was, in those days, to the Campbelltonians. It wfts the frequently-recurring topic ot con vernation, and by far the larger portion of the peoplefirmly believefn the apparition, as it Was t«tld to have appeared, ftud to have dis closed proofs of ^ a most diabolical murder. Whttewlults of Strong* minds were not afraid to past the plaoe where the ghost was said to hav«%>eens©enin<hedark, weaker minds were^ ahd even in broad daylight many of the children whohadtopass the place on their way to and from school used to be careful to rive it a wide betth. After breakfast next lay my host volunteered to show me the exact penelof fence by the side of the main road on which the ghost appeared, and on which, on the day'after which the apparition was seen, blood stains and human hair were said to have been found, but except some thing like a stain, still remaining, which might or might not nave been blood, nothing particular was then observable. We then got over the fence oh' to what eeemed to be anold narrow cattle-track, and followed it down through a clump ot wattles to the water hole in the paddock in which Fisher's murdered body had been found. The story of " Fisher's Ghost" has been published and republished, and has been read by many thousands of persons in Australia, in Eng land, and in America, and has been very generally believed, though at times con tradicted, but such is the tenacity with which people ding to a belie! in such stories that these contradictions were discredited, and as it is now many years since the last pamphlet appeared, perhap? a brief notice of the old WW mw4not be put of place here; for, as ft WW Ma, it certainly seemed to be one of the mostsuigular <tna moat important-as leading directly to (he detection or crime-manifesto ilOBtw kind tlut hurt tvw bora recorded, and its general acceptance as a true fifcory was doubtless due in a great measure to the con sequences attributed to it Hie alleged facta recorded in the ghost story weti these. Frederick Fisner, who had been a convict, but who had acquired some property in land, k, lived at Campbelltown, and had & mate or friend named George Worrall, also an old convict Fisher had stated his intention to go home, having served his period of trans portation, and Worrall also told'everyone he met of Fisher's intention, but it was under stood he would return to the colony^ In tlie course of a short time Fisher disappeared, and Worrall gave out that he had.sold or mortgaged his property, and had gone to England; end though a few people who knew Fisher thought it strange that he should slip away so quietly, without bidding any of them good-bye, no one appeared to doubt for a moment the truth ot Worrail's story, particularly as he remained in the dis trict, and as there seemed to be no change in hia manners, habits, or circumstances. Time rolled on, and Fisher and hia uncere monious departure were rapidly passing from the people's minds, till one day, about three months after Fisher was missed, a Mr. Fur ley electrified a few of the good people of Campbelltown by telling them he had seen and spoken to Fisher on (he previous night as he was going home ; but that the latter, instead of replying to his questions verbally, only beckoned to nira to follow him, and got down off the fence. Farley got over and followed him down to a clomp of wattles near a waterholc in the paddoclc, and there lost sight of him altogether. One peculiarity he mentioned about Fisher was that, though the night was quite bright, and he could see Fisher distinctly get off the fence and go down to the wattles, and though he was within eight or ten paces of him, he never saw any of his Iimb3 move, except the hand he beckoned with. When he missed Fisher he called on him three or four times, bat could get no answer. When Farley declared and swore he had seen and spoken to Fisher overnight, and that it was impossible he could nave gone home, most people ridiculed the idea and taunted him with having had his imagination inllamed overnight by spirituous potations, which was in a degree true. Some said he must have dreamed what he thought he saw ; others that he was wil fully hoaxing them; but in spite of nil jests and jeers he stuck fast to his story. A few, however, were inclined to think there might be "something in it," and offered to accom pany Farley to the place where he said he had seen Fisher, to which he assented. On reaching the spot Farley walked up to the very panel of fence on which he said he had seen ! Fisher. And then those of his companions who were very curious hegau examining the panel, when what was agreed at the time j were blood stains, and a small tuft of human hair, were found on the top mil. This dis covery at once loused suspicion, and the track was then followed down to the water* hole, but nothing further was then dis covered. The suspicion raised by the dis covery that was made at the fence spread rapidly, and people soon began to make no 6ecret of their conjectures-that lusher, instead of going home home, had been made away with by foul means. The police took the matter in hand, and obtained the ser vices of some native blacks to see if they could trace anything out of the scant ma terial they had to place before them ; for at that distant time from Fisher's disappearance the finding of tracks would be out of the question. The police having engaged the blacks, took them to the aforesaid panel of fence, and "laid them on" to follow the trail, if they could make anything of it. After examining the fence, they crossed it, and walked to the waterhole, ami in a tew minutes after peering at it one of them said, "Koi! White fellow's fat sit down there along o' waterhole." The police did not stop to inquire how they could distinguish a white man's fat from a black's, or from that of an ox, a sheep, or a dog; but at once set to work to drag the hole, when, strange to say, the body of Fislier was recovered from it, and identified beyond all doubt, with evident morksot the man having been murdered before hisbody was placed in the waterhole. Suspicion now pointed strongly to Worrall as being I the murderer, and he was shortly after I arrested and charged with the murder, tried, convicted, and hanged on the clearest circumstantial evidence ; admitting hi3 guilt before he was executed, but averring that the death was the result of accident, and not pre meditated. | This was the story of the ghost, as told in 1835, and as it had been published in the Atudralian Magazine only a year or two before ; but as Fisher was murdered in June, 182G, and as Worrall was hanged in February, 1S27, some considerable time elapsed after the latter event before the ghost story got into circulation. There seems to be little or no doubt now that the whole thing was a clever fabrication, prepared to draw attention and support to the paper in which it first appeared ; but it is impossible, up to the present day, to make many people believe it to be a fiction. At the trial of Worrall the ghost did not put in an appearance personally or by proxy, and the sworn testimony given by the different witnesses in no way recog nised its influence in bringing the murderer t3 justice. The substance of the evidence, all of which was republished in the Jit raUl of 1841, with a view to dispel the belief in the ghost, is briefly as follows After Fisher's disappearance the man Worrall discovered, by reference tp his papera, that a Mr. Cooper had Advanced some money on mortpageof a piece of land to Fisher, and he waited oil Mr. Cooper, and endeavoured to induce him -to relinquish his claim for a much smaller amount than be had advanced, remarking that lie did not think Fisher would return, and that if he did he would not be in a position to payoff the mortgage; but to this Mr. Cooper replied that he knew Mr. Fisher to be in solvent cir cumstances, and had no doubt he would return, and he was willing to wait until he did. A man named Codrington, who was a servant of Mr. Cooper's, and who had many dealings with Fisher before Worrall became his mate or friend, deposed that he went to Campbelltown on one occasion to buy, a horse, and meeting Worrall, he told him what he was doing. Worrall said he had just the horae to suit him, and took him to look at it, saying it was one of Fisher's; Codrington asked how he came to offer to sell a norse of Fisher's, and Worrall pro duced a written authority to sell it and other property. Codrington, who knew Fisher's writing perfectly well, saw at once that it was not Fisher'B, but without saying so to Worrall, he simply declined to purchase, saying he was going to Sydney, and would buy one there. Worrall remarked that he was going to Sydney too, and they might CM well go together, which was agreed to. Worrall saying ne wished to try ana get Mr. Cooper to accept a price he had offered for the land mortgaged by Fisher. They both proceeded to Sydney, and Codrington vent to see Mr. Cooper next morning before Worrall had breakfast He told him Worrall was down and was coming to see him about Fisher's land, also that lie had showed him a forged authority,from Fiaher to sell his horses and other property, lit. Cooper at orice said be had his suspicions &l;>oat Fisher's disappear ance, and thought he must have be^a mad* away with, instead of going home as re ported, and thatWorrall mnat .know some thin^ about it When Codrington returnee to Worrall the .laHtt^r that the; should both stay fn Sydney tliat' day, and g<» to the theatre at night, which was agreed tc. Shortly alter this Worr≪ said he must co an.! see Cooper." Codrlngtou replied he had been to see him, and had done his business, and that hedid not think he would likely succeed in his mission. Worrall asked why. Cod riugton replied, ''Because bethinks Fisher hoe met with foul play, and you know all about it," which gave Worrall a great shock he could not conceal, arid he at'once left the house, and went off to Parramafcta without going near Mr, Cooper. Codcingtop mentioned this to Mr. Cooper, who at ouce communi cated his suspicions to the police, and the members of the force at Campbeltown were directed to try and clear up the mystery. In the course of their searches the police noticed an old fire of a. peculiar appear auce, situated in a very peculiar spot for such a fire to have been lighted, and in looking about they observed blood-marks 011 the top mil of the fcnce and the remains of the (ire. On closer inspection human hair was found adhering to the rail A well known blackfellow named Gilbert was hunted up, and employed to assist the police, and lie, after "a pretty close inspec tion of the water- hole in the paddock^ declared, " Dead whitefellow there, me see him fat along o' water." The necessary appliances were got, and sure enough the body of the murdered Fisher was found in that hole. The panel of fence under which the suspicious (ire had been made was not the same at all as that on which the ghost was said to have appeared; and the story of Fisher's ghost was never heard tillsomeyears after the murderer had been hanged. Much as the story is still believed, it is nothing but a cleverly-concocted fiction; and it had no more to do with the discovery of Fisher's murder than the Empress- Hegent of China had with likening New South Wales to the Land of Nod. Humours were brought into the town one day that some bushrangers had robbed a farm close by, and the police, three in num ber, c;ime to the Wheelwright's Arms to obtain the services of two aborigines as trackers, and to get any available informa tion ; and as 1 was gaining strength fast, and as this would be a charming and exciting novelly for me, I asked to be allowed to accompany them, and, through the interces sion of my host, I got permission, on condi tion that I carried a carbine and live rounds I of ammunition, so that* if necessary, I could help the party if ordered to do so. There j was a deep creek about six miles from Caicp beiltown which was said to be a favourite haunt for that class of men, owing to its steep and rugged banks, and for this creek the police, from information received, took a straight line, instead of going round to the house that had been robbed to pick up the tracks. On getting within a quarter of a mile of the creek, the blacks were sent for ward to reconnoitre, while the police and 1 j waited their signal or return. They had just time to look down into the creek when they speedily returned, with eyes almost startinct out of their heads with excitement, and when they got close to us they each held up two lingers, exclaiming in a low tone, " croppy along o' creek, watsh im tchurt"-croppy being the name they generally gave to bush rangers. Onr " force" had now to advance. One constable and one black were ordered to Btrike the creek about half a mile below where the men were washing, cross it, and follow it up, while another constable and the other black were ordered to do the same thing np the creek, and to follow it down, while the third constable and I took up our position on the edge of the bank, where we could see the two men without them seeing us. My comrade said to me- as orders " just before the battle "-" If these are the men I expect, and if they have arms with them, they won't give in readily ; they'll show light, so stick by me, and do as 1 bid you." I had had no shooting of consequence since I left the old country, and for the sake of having a shot at such game as bushrangers, I believe I wished they would show light, l.nt they did not; they had no arms ;"they were not the men ex pected, but two poor, snivelling creatures, who had "taken the bush" in the hopes of being captured and sent to gaol, and, by and by, of getting a less cruel master than he who had driven them to that extremity. Any convict in those days who absented him self without leave for a certain time-I think it was 48 hours- had to be reported to the police, and his name was then placed on the absent without leave" list, and he might then be arrested as a bushranger; but unless he had committed some crime during his absence, or was captured in the company of known bushrangers or robljers, his punish ment would be comparatively light, perhaps two or three weeks or months in gaol, after which he would most likely be assigned out to a new master; and hundreds of men re sorted to this device for the sake of the hoped-for change of masters, some of these being cruel and"heartle&s; in the last degree. Our poor, half-starved- looking prisoners were marched into town to be dealt with next day, but their punishment has escaped my recol lection. The police were considerably bantered about the great light they said they expected to have and the actual result, and one of them, Pearee by name, promised to make good use of his gun before many days went past, and so he <iid that very day, tor as I was Bitting beside him on the bar-parlour sofa, while he was examining the lock of his carbine it went off, the bullet passing through the ceiling of that room, the floor of the bedroom above, then through the ceiling of it, and out through the shingled roof, and passing so close to the servant, who was cleaning up the bedroom, that she must bave had as narrow an escape as elie had a very great fright. 