THE BEECHWORTH GAS COM PANY. It is gratifying to learn from the directors' report presented to the anonal meeting of the shareholders of the Beech, worth Gas Company held on Tuesday last that the speculation is at length proving a financial success. Not only has a considerable debt to Messrs McLean, Bros, and Rigg been paid off, thus saving a large amount in interest, but the directors were in a position to recommend a refund of 80s on each preferential share, 102 of which wareissned by the authority of an extraordinary meeting held in February last. In fact, from being able merely to carry on the works with the greatest difficulty, and under the pressure of heavy liabilities, the prospects of the company had eo improved during the year ending 31st July that the directors were able to announce a credit balance on the manu facturing account of £475 19s 4d ; bo that, apparently, all will be plain sailing for the promoters of this spirited venture. The purchase of the laDd upon which the works are situated, from the Railway Department, is also a fortunate circum stance, as it is probable the premise- will Lavo to be enlarged as the use of the gas becomes more general. The purchase was also opportune, as the extension of the Beechworth railway to Yackandandah, and subsequently to the Upper Murray, will necessitate the en largement of the station and, possibly, the lesumption of the land by the department, io which case the company will now be entitiod to compensa'ion an 1 consequential damages. It will also, as was pointed out by the chairman, Mr H. A. Crawford, enable the company to mortgage or sell the laud, either in case they desire to raise money or to remove the works to a larger and more eligible site. The promised lighting of the lunatic asylum with the company's gas would be something like adding the population of another small town to their constituents, and we hope to see a sum placed on the Estimates for this purpose. In addition to this, we would strongly adviso the directors to make some experimental attempt to introduce the use of the gas more generally into private houses, not only to supplant kerosene lamps, but for cookery, laundry and other domestic purposes. Indeed, it is a wonder it has not been commonly employed in these pursuits before, as it would bo cheaper, readier, more cleanly and more safe tbau ordinary wood fires, and in summer, when such wood- fires are very oppressive, the use of gas would be far and away preferable. We believe that some prejudice exists as to the employment of gas in the kitchen, as it is supposed to deteriorate tbo qaality and flavor of meat ; but tbis is a com plete fallacy, ae the new gas sloves and ranges entirely preserve the food from the gas fames. With this in view, we shonld like to see a cooking- stove 6et np bv the directors in Home place where Mater- familias conld see the process and its results for herself. We bolieve, also, that the insurance offices make some reduction in their charges where gas is employed. Bat, in addition to our being able fo congratulate the company as har ng at last scr red a success we may point to the history of the enterprise as containing an interesting moral. The prosperity they have meant to achieve is the result of an oarnestness and per severance over almost overwhelming dis couragement and difficulties, deserving of all praise, and affords an example worthy of being followed in other financial undertakings. Lecture at Murmunoee. — On Thurs day evening Mr John Fletcher, president of the united shire, delivered a lecture (subject " Common Sense") at the Mtir- miingca Schoolroom, in aid of the church fuud, to a large and atteutive audience. The lecture, which is very interesting, was well delivered, and was interspersed by several pieces well rendered by ladies and geutle.nuu from Beechworth and the Forest. A unanimous vote of thanks was passed to the lecturer, the singers and the chairman, and as a finale " God Save the Queen" was sung by all present. A Sensational Incident. — On Monday night, as the train was passing between Bowman's Forest and Evcrton, a man was observed lying across one of the rails At some distance in front, of the train. The steam was (says the " Dispatch") at ouce shut oil and tbo brakes put on to their utmost strain, most successfully, as the train was brought to a stand within two yards of the atrempted suicide, who turned out to be a Chinaman, iutent upon an exenrion into the unknown. He was takeu into one ef the carriages and handed over to the police at Everton upon ar rival of the train at that place from whence ho will probably be forwarded to Beech worth to be dealt with. Railway Workshops. — It is stated that at sn early date the erection of Govern ment workshops will bo proceeded with at Benalla, says the "Standard." For some time past the Railway Department has been negotiating with the owners for the purchase of some laud contiguous to the engine-sheds, and it is reported that the purchase has how been effected. Mr Lent, one of the departmental engineers, is expected to visit Benalla in a few days, when probably he will be engaged in com pleting the preliminary arrangements in connection with tho proposed work. Service ok Song. — A very pleasant en tertainment w&s; given at the Beechworth Presbyterian School-hall ou the evening of Wednesday last, consisting of a service of song entitled, " Jessica's First Prayer." The hall was well filled, and amongst the audience we noticed members of all the different religious denominations in the town. Tho reading of the simple and pathetic story by tho Rev. H. Swan was iu itself a treat. The rev. gentleman has a clear, pathetic voice, and he succeeded in riveting tho younger portion of the audience so completely, that the musical illustrations were evidently viewed by them as interruptions, rather than embel lishments. The singing, however, was very good. Tho various solos, duets, quartettes and choruses were rendered with great taste and precision, and re flected much credit on the choir. The collection was, we believe, of a substan tial character, and will materially augment the school funds. Mr Hyem moved a vote of thanks to all who had assisted in the evening's entertainment, which was responded to with a. hearty round cf ap plause by tho audience. Mr Swan, in responding, intimated that there would be another entertainment of a similar charac ter, for the same object, in about three weaks' time ; when tho service of song, " Little Meg's Children," will be given. Mr G. Billson, M.L. A — During the past fortnight the ill-health of the above gentleman has given cause for considerable anxiety to his friends and constituents, who will be interested and pleased to learn that a telegram was received by Sir A. A. Billson on Friday afternoon, to the effect that his father's condition had greatly im proved. The patient, whose complaint is severe inflammation of the lungs, still re mains at the New Treasury Hotel, Mel bourne (not boing sufficiently recovered to stand the journey to Beechworth) under the care of the Drs Teague, who are un remitting in their attention. Wc regret to hear that Mrs Billson has been lately itidi&posed;, from tho effects of a severe cold. Beecitworth Stock and Share Mar ket. — Mr A. W. Foster reports fcr the week ending Augest;28th .-—Banks: Com mercial — buyers, £6 15s; sellers, £6 17a Cd. Federal — buyers, 57s ; sellers, 58s 6-1 ; sales, 57s Gd. City of Melbourne — buyers, 82s ; sellers, 80s. Australian Fieehold — buyers, 503 ; sellers, 51s. Insurance Companies : National — buyers, 12a ; sellers, 12s 6d ; saleB, 12s. Colonial Mutual Fire— buyers, 4s 9d ; sellers, 5s. United Australian— buyers, Is 7d ; sellers, Is 01. Southern — buyers, 19a ; sellers, 19s 6d. Indemnity — buyers, 18s 6d ; sellers, 19s. Mines : Rocky Mountain — buyers, 6s 6d ; sellers, 8s. Miscellaneous : Monte Piete — buyers, 9s ; sellers, 10s Gd : Beechworth Gas Company — buyers, 40a ; Ditto (preferential) — buyers, £5 10s ; sellers, £6. Yackandandah Hall Com pany — buyers, 50s. Mutual Store — buyers, 46s, sellers. 48s. Coffee Tavern — buyers, 26s ; sellers, 27s. McCulIoch Carrying Company— buyers, 45s ; sellers, 40s 61 Permowan Carrying Comyany — buyers, 34s ; sellers, 36s. I Fatal Mining Accident. — A fatal accident happened about midday on Thurs day, to a miner named John Parr, at Silver Creek, near Beechworth. While working underneath a high bank in a sluic ing claim, the earth suddenly gave way, burying hiui and causing almost instan taneous death. This body was soon extri cated, and found to hnve been terribly crushed. By order of Mounted-constable Mulcahy, who happened to be passing at the time, tho remains wore removed to the Crow Hotel, where an inquest will be conducted by Mr M'Cormick, P.M. and coroner, and a jury ot twelve, at 10 o'clock a.m. to-day (Saturday). Deceased was au old resident of the district, and had had considerable experience in min ing. Ritiierglen Shire Election. — There will bo no contest to fill tho extraordinary vacancy in the Central Riding of the above sliiro, caused by the resignation of Coun cillor W. Burrows ; Mr D. King having withdrawn from the contest, and Mr David Ralston has been declared duly elected. From his long residence in this district, and from his knowledge of the require ments of the ratepayers, Mr Ralston is in every way fitted to fill tho position to which ho has been eiectod. The Farmers' Excursions to Mel. bourne. — Action lias been taken by tho Rutherglon Borough and Shiro Councils, requesting that the arrangements might be extended so as to include Rutherglen and Wahgunyali, by running a special train from Wahgunyah to the Springs so as to meet the excursion train on tho 24th September next, as this would accommo date the farmers of this district who would othuriviso bo debarred from the privilege, not to speak of Corowa and the surround ing district, in New South Wales. There is every mason to believe that if the favor asked for is granted by the railway authorities, a very largo number of farmers from this district will avail themselves of the opportunity of- a cheap trip to Mel bourne. Waxgaratta Police Court. — On Thursday, before Mr McCormick, P.M., Joseph Rodgers was charged with being drunk and disorderly. The defendant said he had been working at an hotel, where he had got the liquor. His Worship said he had given defendant a short sentence at Chiltern, for stealing a hammer. This Rodgers denied. His Worship said it must have been his ghost, then. Constable Haydon said the prisoner had come from Chiltern lately. A fine of 5a was imposed. Patrick Cusack was charged with being drunk and disorderly. Sergeant Steele said defendant had been fined for the same offenco in February last. He was fined 53 ; in default, five hours' imprisonment. Edward Von Hey- mau was charged with the larceny of a pair of silver solitaires, a pocket-brush, necktie, &c.;, the property of Carl Schnllz. Sergeant Steele said the defendant had been apprehended in Melbourne for a larceny at the Railway Hotel, Wangar- attn. Tho constable who had found the stolen property in his possession was not preseut, The defendant pleaded guilty. Sergeant Steele said there was nothing against the prisoner, that he knew, pre viously. He said ho was a piauoforte tuner. Prisoner was sentenced to one month's imprisonment in Beechworth Gaol, with hard labor. Tho court then adjourned. The Close Season. — Tho close season iu New South Walos commences on Tues day, 1st September, and extends until the lust day in Fobruary. Yackandandah. — Our correspondent writes : — The Yackandandah Brass Band is now an established fact On Wednes day night tho bandmaster (Mr Hartinann) was here, and distributed the instruments to tho various players. Tho performers in the band number fiftcoti, oxclusive of the two drums. All that is now needed is attention to the instructions of Mr Harlmann by tho players ; and if that is given, in a very short time we will be able to boast of a very creditable band. The sounds at present which emanate from various quarters of the township are not very musical; but, like "eels to skinning," we will get accustomed to them, and as time advances the music will be more harmouiouB. A great deal of interest ha3 been shown by the people of tho district, and also others, iu the establishment of the band. The funds have been most liberally subscribed to, and I trust that the subscribers will be well repaid, should they visit Yackandandah, by seeing that their liberality has been well expended, when they hear "cur boys" awakening tho " ochos of tho hills" on a summer's evening. The weather for the past week has been fine, with a genial heat during the day ; hut the nights are still very cold, with keen frosts, which tend to retard the growth of tho crass and tho cereals. Sonio of the farmers tell me that the grain crops are looking far from well. Rain is very much required, especially by the sluicers, sonio of whom, I hear, have had to suspend their claims, on account of the scarcity of wafer. Such a dry season, I believe, has never beeii known in the district before ; and if rain does not come soon, it will turn out to be very disastrous to many. The fruit-trees are beginning to bud, and almonds, nectarines and plums aro in full blossom. Mr Geo. Ly«n. — The friends of Mr Lyon will he glad to learn that ho has completely recovered from his late attack of illness, and that it is his intention to visit Beechworth on Tuesday next, for the purpose of business. A telegram from Mr Lyon to the above effect was received in town yesterday. School Board of Advice Election. — Au election of a member of the Beech worth Shire School Board of Advice, in the place of the late Mr John Mathieson, will take place on Monday, 14th Septem ber. Laceby State School. — On the 17th inst. this school was examined hy the dis trict inspector, who reported : — " Result per ccntage, 85.031 ; time table suitable for the school, with its presont staff ; the methods observed wore, on the whole, good; classification allowed ; promotions very fair ; programme very fairly advanced : discipline good ; progress, good, in view of the long period duriug which tho school was almost closed throngh sickness : re cords properly kept." Death of a Pioneer's Wife. — A vefy old identity died at Portland on .Sunday, in the person of Mrs Dutton, relict of the late Win. Dutton, who by many is held to liavo been the pioneer settler of Victoriu. The deceased came to Portland witli her husband in 1843.. and lived in the district ever since. She was GO years old. Fatal Coach Accident. — An accident of a fatal nature occurred on the German- ton coach which left Albury at 3 o'clock on Thursday afternoon. While at Woom- argama, one of the horses stumbled, and pulled the driver (James Baker) from his seat. Tho horses went on, and Father Fallon and a man named Williams jumped out, without injury. A young lady, who is reported to bo a daughter of Mr Timothy Hynes, of Sandy Creek, was seated on tho box, and she afterwards jumped out, and was killed instantane ously. A Livelt Lord. — The habitues of tho City Court, Melbourne, were favored on Thursday morning by a case in which they took a great deal of interest, as the conduct of a real live lord was connected with it, Mr George Steadman, the land lord of the well-known Albion Hotel, was ike " Herald" reports, summoned for sell ing liquor during prohibited hours on the morning of the 12th inst. From the evidence adduced it appeared that after midnight on the day in question the night porter of the hotel went for a constable, as an individual bearing the title of Lord St. Leonards was creating a disturbance. Grey was the constable called in, and matters were quieted. Grey then reported that meH were drink ing in the back bar at the time, and lience the summons. Frederick Dreyer, a bar man employed in the hotel, said that ho did not serve any liquors after twelve o'clock, and that the statement of the constable that three meu had liquor in their hands or before them was an absolute lie. To Inspector Deasey: I think it was only a few minutes after twelve o'clock when the constable came. It oould cot have been past one o'clock. To Mr Moloney: Lord St Leonards kicked up the r->w because I refused to serve bim with drink after twelve o'clock. The defendant testified that no liquor had been Bold after 12 o'clock, and the Bench considering that the charge had not been sufficiently proved, dismissed it. Larceny. — The trial of J. F. Dumaresq, charged with larceny as a servant of a cheque for £G7 10s, tho property of the Shire of Cran- bourne, was concluded on Thursday, at the Court of General Sessions, Melbourne, after having occupied four days. Accused was found not guilty, and discharged. Mining Mem. — Tho Mining Department has been furnished with a report from Mr G. Linsoll's agent stating that tho last fortnight's yield from the 180 mino was 538 oz. 11 dwt. from 419 loads of quartz. A Boisterous Sitting. — If tho pro ceedings iu committee in the Legislative Assembly en the Licensing Bill on Thurs day night were a foretaste of what is to prevail every time that bill is brought forward, the session will be very boister ous, remarks the "Argus." The moment tho House went into committoo thero was a contention as to whether the bill should be proceeded with thai day, and Mr Berry only succeeded iu inducing lion, members to go on hy promising to postpone all clauses to which objection might be made. Thou followed an amendment ou the first clause, bringing the bill into operation on June 1, 1SSG, instead of Novombor 1 of the present year. This was put forward by Mr Gaunson and Mr Bent, and, al though Mr Berry did not insist that November 1 should ho retained ia tho clause, he would not accept "June.l." Ho was inclined to alter the dato to January 1 and finally compromised by inserting February 1, reserving the right to commit the bill to alter date if necessary. The fight of the evening arose en clause 2 — the repealing clause. Mr Gaunson moved that the words "and rights acquired" should be inserted among the exemptions for the repeal. Mr Ker- ferd first said that the words were not required, but when thoy were pressed persistently he threatened to abandon tho hill if they were inserted. Mr Berry very warmly assorted that the tights to bo preserved wero the rights of licensees to renewals for 1100 houses having less than six rooms. These houses will bo closed under the act without local option, but with tho words in the clause renewals conld be demanded. "Those words were deliberately left out, nod they will he kept out." "No, they won't," retorted Mr A. T. Clark. " We'll insert them in spite of you." Mr Shiels, Mr Derham, Mr Bent, and Sir Charles MacMahon were strong supporters of the amendment. Mr Duffy suggested a solu tion of the difficulty, which Mr Kerferd adopted. It was to bring in a clause if necessary to preserve any other rights I hut might be defined during the progress of the bill in committee, of course excepting the right to a renewal of license. Mr Shiels rej >ined that there were rights that could not be defined, and subsequently proposed to add to Mr Gaunson's amendment the words " excepting where otherwise speci ally provided." The discussion continued, with intervals of acrimony, until half-past 9, when Mr Shiels' amendment was nega tived on the voices, and Mr G runson's amendment was negatived on a division by 31 votes to 18. The House rose at a quarter-past 10 Sale ok Stud Sheep.— The annual sale of stnd sheep was continued in Mel bourne on Thursday, when Messrs Powers, Rutherford and Co. disposed of a largo number ef Tasmanian sheep. As on the opening day, there was always plenty of money forthcoming for very superior sheep, observes the " Argus." The sensation of the day was tbo sale of a very fino ram sent in by Mr Herbert Gatonby, of Rhodes, Tasmania. Several well- known sheepbroeders had set their minds on hav ing this sheep, and so keen was tho competition that Mr J. H. Angas, of Hill River, South Australia, had to pay 1150 guineas to secure him. This sheep was bred by Mr D. Taylor, of St. Johnston. The Recent Bank Robbery. — There is but little fresh to report in connection with the robbery from the Hotham branch of the Federal Bank. On Thursday morning the young man Seymour Robin- sen was taken out to Mordialloc by Ser geant Corbett, for the purpose of pointing out where ho had hidden tho remainder of the stolen money, a sum of about £350 being still missing. Sergeant Corbett, who was accompanied by two other mem bers of tho Hotham police, commenced digging at various places indicated by the prisoner, hut their efforts wero fruitless, and they consequently returned to towu tho same evening, reports tho "Age." It ia now thought that Robinson, owing to forgetfulness, is unable to point out the exact spot where the missing niuney 13 planted, or elso he is endeavoring to mis lead tho police. It may be mentioned that tho identity of the woman who ac companied Rohiuson to the bank on Mon day night h»3 been discovered, but so far there is nothing to connect her with the robbery. Robinson will ho placed in tho Melbourne Gaol, pending his being brought before the Hotham bench on Tuesday next. The Brf.nnan Torpedo. =Thero has i been some gcod practice with the new " Brennan" torpedo of late on tho Med- way, and one of the best displays was on the occasion of an official inspection in the presenca of mauy distinguished naval and military officers. The experimental tor- pedo was worked by a steam-engine in the fort at Sheerness, and ran a long way up the harbor, following and tlod"in" a I steam-pinnace with remarkable precision and giving tho utmost satisfaction to the spectators. Unluikily the inventor under took to repeat the experiment, and hurried preparations were made to send the tor pedo on another exenrsion ; but after go ing some distanco a wire fouled, or some thing olse went wrong, and the torpedo first plunged downwards and then sprang nut of the water aud came to a sudden »tf-v Noxious Fumes in Mines. — Tho Secre tary for Mines has received a letter from Mr Georgo B. Elliott, of Melbourne, who states that he has invented a method of rendering innocuous the fumes arising from the combustion of nitro- glycerine explosives in mines. Mr Elliott proposes, reports the " Argus," to convey steam from a boiler at the surface of a mine to near the face of the drive where work is being carried on, and force it into a chamber formed by a enrtain or screen placed some feet back from tho face across the drive. When the chamber ia full of steam, the expansion is to take place. The supply of steam is to be continued for a few minutes, and then shut oft. On the removal cf the screen, the steam condens ing is expected to carry to tho grouud the smoke aud fumes which it has absorbed. Mr Elliott states that experiments made with tho method, which i3 to be patented, have proved highly successful. The letter has been referred to the board appointed to report on the subject of noxious fume3 in tniues, whose next sitting will be held at St. Atnaud on Friday next. Charitable. — The list of subscriptions in aid of the Ovens Benevolent Asylum funds, collected during July, will be found iu another column. The amount is £55 7s 6d. Football. — The following is the team chosen to represent the Beechworth Foot ball Club iu the match against Hurdle Flat, to be played at Beechworth te-day (Saturday) : — Andrews, Baker, Brown, Bnrke, Channon, Cooke, Greig, Dronen, Harper, Ingram, Molyneux, Perry, Reilly, Morgan, Newson, Pigott, Rundla, Taylor, Stnalpago and Trim. Emergencies ; Bray, Morrison and Brown. Coaching. — An alteration in the time of tho coach running between Beechworth and Palmeratou has been made. It will in future leave Beechworth at 1050 a.m., and is duo at 115 p.m. at Palmerston, from which place it will return at 2 40 p.m., being due at Beechworth at 515 p.m. Sale of Land. — Messrs J. H. Gray and Co. on Thursday sold by auction at Mr H. Scullen's farm, Bowman's Forest, 636 acres of land at that place, belonging to Mr W. Hyem. Thero was a fair attend ance and good competition ; the land averaging £4 7s 3d per acre, and the buyers being Messrs Joseph Ferguson, Thos. Jardine and W. Henry. Mr Scul- Ion's farm of 134a 3r 39p was sold the same day by Messrs Gray and Co. ; Mr Fer guson being the purchaser at £4 7s Gd per acre. Death of Mr S. Broadhead. — We re gret to ieara of the death of Mr Samuel Broadhead, who was well known in these districts as a practical miner and claim- holder, having for many years worked at the Two Mtle, near Boechworth. A few years ago he purchased a farm near Echuca, upon which he resided up to tho time of his death, which took place a few days ago, rather suddenly. Red Pepper and Salt for Cholera. — A Massachusetts correspondent calls our attention to the publication, about thirty years ago, of a very successful cholera cure introduced in this way : The captain of an emigrant ship, comiug from Europe, had lost many of his passengers by cholera, al though freely dosing all who were sick with the remodies then usual. At lost he made a prescription of his own — one teaspoonful of red pepper and a tablespoonful of salt to a half pint of boiling water; this to be given as hot as possible, to every patient when first takou. It is said that this simple remedy acted as a charm, curing all tiie cases on board that ship, and attaining considerable general popularity during the time <>f that cholera visitation. Robbing a Journalist. — Malcolm Mar shall, a journalist, was knocked down by two men on the Racecourse road, Fleming- ton, late on Monday night, and robbed of a silver lever hunting watch, by Rother- ham, a silver Albert, about 23a in silver and other property of the value of £11. The matter has been reported to the police. Cricket for Girls. — The " Lancet'' says : — Tho announcement of a cricket mateh between au eleven of ladies and an eleven from a girls' school has caused an apprehension in the minds of some of the risk to which feinine players are exposed. Our correspondent points out the conse quence likely to ensne from a blow recei ved on thebreast from a cricket ball, either delivered from tho bowler's hand or struck hy the bat. Doubtless a severe blow on the breast might lead to serious consceiien- cos in fully developed women by excitation of auy latent tendency to cancer, and in young girls by arresting dovelopement cf the niannary gland. Still, we think, the risk might be reduced to a minimum if the feminine players wore a well-padded cersot both in tho field and at tbo wicket. We should regret that a game, realty well suited as an exercise for girls, should be discouraged simply on account of a risk that could be guarded .against. We have repeatedly in our columns advocated tho advantages to be gained, in the physical education of girls, in tho introduction of a well-regulated and moderate athleticism — by allowing them to join in pastimes at present mostly limited to boys, such as swimming, rowing (not boat races), and cricket. Tho thorough development of the female frame which such exercises would induce would, we are sure, do much to diminish tho tendency towards the spe cial diseases which so many women suffer from in after-life. One positive advantage would be gained by the abolition of tight stays and high-heeled boots, which would bo impossibilities for young ladies who wished to enjoy athletic pursuits oven in moderation. De vnr in Lobster Eating. — The dan ger attending a lobster supper followed by a glass of brandy is (says the " Sydney Evening News") pretty well known ; hut few probably are awaro that a lobster supper with or without brandy may prove equally dangerous. The papers chronicled the death of a Sydney merchant at the age of 38, tho canse of death being stated to be " peritonitis." Tae real cause was lobster. Tho unfortunate gentleman ate them for supper a night or two before he died. The day after he had taken it, he complained of a lump or swelling in his chest, and told his friends that the lobster bad nover gone down. Tho fact was that he had never digested it. Anyone with a taste for experimental chemistry may satisfy himself about the texture of oysters. by dropping one into a glass of beer and another into a glass of brandy and water, and observe the different effects. In one case tho oyster will gradually disappear ; bu t-in the other it stiffens into a leathery substance that would puzzle an ostrich to digest. This is how oysters cause death when dropped into the stomach with brandy. Marriage Between First Cousins. - Led by the enlightened Boer party, the " Zuid Afrikaan" solemnly warned the Dutch against tho alarming increase of marriages between first cousins. As a matter of fact, marriages of this kind are so common as to bo considered quite cor rect among the Dutch farmers. Tho lamentable effects of such marriages por- petuatod for two or throe generations are too plainly visible in Dutch farmhouses to learn what measure of support Mr Wood's Bill for prohibiting marriages between cousins will secure frotr, the Dutch party — Action tor Damages.— We unde»t,n - that Mr Frederick Nantes, who reeentl met with an accident by falling int0 drain on the main road at Cor..„„ 4 breaking his leg, and has since ben lr?5' as a patient in tho Ovens District H pital, has instructed Mr Zincke s-lirU to write to the Towong Shire Council' id putting m a claim for damages, threatening that unless an amicable setM» ment is come to in the matter an »t law will result. has, we understand, been forwarded .iUh.hrwhlb.bn .he meeting of the council, on Tuesday. Helping the Afflicted. -That when 5 genuiue aud deserving case requiring assistance is brought under their notict the people of Beechworth are nara- behindhand is at the present time beinr illustrated in tho matter of the ann«i mado on behalf of the widow and von family of the late Mr W. Waters who ? lew nays ago acciaentaily shot himself a- B right. Subscription-lists have been issued, and from all classes awd sections of the community a warm response has been made to the solicitations of thehonorsrv collectors, so that even now a substantia sum has been raised, which we have no doubt will be materially augmented before the lists are closed. On the same subier the Alpiine Observer" of Fridav writes- — With commendable promptitude i number of gentlemen in Bright hare formed themselves into a committee for the purpose of raising a sum of mnnev U assist Mrs Waters, the lamentable death of whose husband, last woek, has left her with four helpless children, in very straitened circumstances. The late Kj Waters had tho misfortune to teae every thing he possessed by fire in Beechworth shortly before coming to Bright; cog- sequently his fight has been an "uphill one and makes his widow's condition more trying. A canvass of the town yesterday wa3 liberally responded to, and as the appeal will be made throughout the dis- trict, a substantial sum should be realised. Wo are glad to notice a similar movement has been mado in Beechworth. Wangakatta. — Ourcorrespondent writea: — There i3 very little stirriag here just now, and rain is much wanted, although tho cropB are, generally, loking remark ably well aud reasonably forward. The Albury Show.— At a meeting of tho Albury Agricultural and Pastors! Sicioty committee on Friday, Mr W. J. Lyne, M. P., president, in the" chair, it was decided that the admission to the grand- stand at the forthcoming show bo the same price %3 last year (5s). It was also resolved to issue one family ticket with each member's ticket, aud each exhibitor, who is not a member, is to receive a ticle: of admission to the ground. It was alas resolved that tho hunters take tho jumps on tho afternoon of theshov day, as wet! as on the second day, when they will bs judged. It was further decided to supply twenty-five extra seats for the "round, ia addition to the fixed seats, also tc enlarge the refreshment-booth, so as te allow the judges aud stewards to be seated at one time. Mr Donald Fletcher.— 0b mating inquiries on Friday, wa were pleased learn that Mr Dotiald Fletcher is gradually recovering from tho effects of the accident met with hy hirai 11 his claim at Penny weight Flat, Beechworth, ou Meudsy. A Serious Quarrel. — Lite on Tuesas? afternoon, at Robertstown, near Kapunks, S.A., Franz Reusch, an Austrian, and Ernest Kamm, a German, after working ec a farm, were in a tent together, bote being under the influence of liquet. The German taunted the Austrian by re ferring to the last war between Gerraar and Austria, whereupon tho latter, wit a . an American axe, assaulted tho German, and inflicted five wounds ou his head, three of them penetrating his brain. Rem'i has been arrested. Ratuin is in a critical condition, and his depositions have been takeu. A Cunning Rascal.— Tho " North- Eastern Ensign" tells tho following Houpla ! If any man thinks he hasthe best joke of the season on hand, let him put up the (stakes. a worthy Irish Ca tholic family had long been served with tea by a gentle native of the Flowery Land. For a term, however, John did not put in an appearance, having taken ae active part in a molee which had occurred over a game of fan-tan, and during whici be had received such injuries as necessi tated his temporary sojourn in the hes- pital. When he came to renew his con nection with his former customers, he wos grieved to find that another Celestial hi jumped his claim. " Glood dlay, missie, said he to the good lady of the establish ment above referred tc. " Yon wsntee , tea te-diay ?" " We thought you'd j away, John," answered the lady, nc j we've b en gottin' tay from anotaet j Chinaman." "Me met with acclideat; j cuttee eye ; bleen in 'ospital !" 1 fully explained tho tea merchant. "e\; I wo don't want any tay to-day, John-. ! " You got 'nother Chinaman V . j "Big man, flat nose?" "Uf f " Umph ! Himvelly bladman !" " jy1'; j what's the matter wid him Tho_ Cntn,.- j man paused for a moment,n3't toeia j phasise the awfulness of the informs u- i which he had to impart, and then ha s»i j with due solemnity, " Him 01angem3t > 