THE SOCIAL PURITY SOCIETY. On Monday afternoon the annual meeting of the ladies' branch of the Social Purity Society was held in the hall of the Y.M*0.a1 There were about 120 ladies present. The Key. J. G. Woods presided. Prayer was offered and a portion of Scripture read. The Rev. J. C. Kibbt, on behalf of Mrs. Lee (Hon. Secretary), read the annual report foi the past year, as follows" In placing before you the report of the Ladies' Social Purity Society for the year just closed I have but a record of slow, patient, persistent, quiet effort, of struggles with ignorance and contests with prejudice, but withal of a fair measure of progress and sufficient success to encourage renewed attempts. Events in England have lately roused the attention of the masses to this subject. A mighty wave of indignant pity for the wrongs and humi liations inflicted on our sex has swept across the old country and surged to our shores, stirring the hearts of our people in sym pathy for England and anxiety for our selves. It is known to most of yon hat a Bill was last session introduced into our Parliament for the better protection of our young women, and it was supported Jby a numerously signed petition from both the male and female branches of our Society, the women's signatures obtained by the ladies of the S.P.S. numbering between 6,000 and 7,000. With some alterations and amend ments, this Bill is again before our Parlia ment this session, and we have reasonable hope that it will shortly have the sanction of our legislators. If so, it will give ns powers which must be used with grave discretion, but which can in no way supersede or con travene the work of this Society. During the past year the meetings of the committee have, with the exception of a short summer recess, been continued regularly once a month in the Church Office, Leigh street, and in view of awakening greater vigilance in the mothers of the working classes and promoting kindly co-operation with the aims of this Society, large meetings of the mothers have been held in the Mission Hall with satisfactory results. Drawing room meetings of mixed classes have been held at the residences of several members of our committee, and have been, we hope, useful in educating public sentiment and uniting and directing public efforts in the cause of a higher morale in the home and a .closer guardianship of the young, which is greatly needed. We have had some cor respondence on the subject of our work with the other colonies, notably Tasmania and New Zealand, who are watching the pro gress of our Bill and preparing to follow in our leading generally in this work. We have distributed a con siderable amount of literature on this sub ject. carefully selected by the Rev. J. G. Kiruy, and we continue to enrol members who will influence others, and so invite membership wherever possible. The sub scription is 2s. 6d. per annum, whioh is chiefly expended in the literature referred to. After our Bill the prominent need of the moment appears to be the completion of the Refuge, the plans of which nave already been submitted to and approved of by the Refuge Committee. We beg to suggest its re organization under a more inviting name with the view of rendering it a train ing school for self-improvement in all homely duties and domestic industries, and for self-mastery and self-culture in all true womanly virtues. As an immediate ad dition we need a small central house of rest as a feeder to the older establishment. And now we wait, though not with folded hands, the result of our petition and the fate of our Bill. The Hon. John Colton has per sistently befriended it since its birth; he nas stood by its cradle, watched its growth, and will, we truBt, shortly give it away, the bride of hope—the nope of a nobler, purer life and the pledge of a new era of moral prosperity for our colony." Bishop Kenkion said that every one realized the great difficulty of this subject— first, because there was need of extreme delicacy in the treatment of it, otherwise they might do as much harm as they proposed to themselves to do [-good; and, secondly, because the more | knowledge they propagated about the remedies for the evil the greater was the danger of propagating knowledge of the evil itself. That this was the case was borne out by what Miss Ellice Hopkins said of a publi cation of a most immoral kind which was now obtaining a circulation of some 60,000 copies per week. This publication undertook to write down vice, ana because it did that it could not be touched by the law, although it was all the time spreading the very knowledge of the vice it professed to write down. The English mind had been stirred to its greatest depth by the publi cation of the report of the Secret Com mission which was instituted by the pro prietor of the Pall Mall Gazette, All honour to them for the brave resolution they made, and for having successfully carried it out. At first there was a very strong feeling indeed against them, and the sale of the paper was prohibited by most of the book sellers. But now, when it had been proved that what the Pall Mall Gazette brought to light really did exist, the feeling had changed. The heart of every one who knew anything about the matter had been racked to its greatest depth by learning the horrible crimes that were going on in England, and, doubtless, going on in many other countries also without any of them being aware of the fact. Miss Ellcie Hopkins—and he knew of no lady who had done so much good in her , time—(applause)—had sent to him privately ' the reports that had appeared in the Pall Mall Gazelle. He would not harrow their feelings by bringing before them any of the details of the disclosures, but this much he would say to show the state into which a certain part of England was drifting, that it appeared that for years children of a yet younger and younger age were being made ministers of sin to thoBe whose vices were so fearful. The chaplain of one of the largest military lock hospitals in England, whonad been absent from England for about twelve years, scud that when he left he left the hospital filled with women, and when he re turned he found it filled with children. It was perfectly awful to contemplate that little children were being taken away very often unknown to their parents—certainly withont understanding what they were doing —and carried off into the homes of vice. This revealed that not only was vice strongly prevalent, bnt that there was need of greater repression by the law. (Hear, hear.) They ought to distinguish in this matter between vice and crime. They ought to have it very clear in their minds that what they were en deavouring to do was of two kinds. They first wanted the law of South Australia to be of snch a kind that they would make crime difficult to achieve. _ Then they wanted the whole tone of society raised, bo that vice should become hateful These two things they should try to keep apart. If they brought Acts of Parliament to bear on vice apart from crime he was afraid that they might be tempted to press our legislators to legislate in a sort of panic, and that what they did might possibly have to be undone. The Bill which was now before Parliament was so ad mirable that he trusted it might be carried just as it was printed, and they should urge their representatives in Parliament to give it their snpport. The work of the ladies lay in dealing with the spread of vice rather than with the attempt to suppress crime. They must remember how vice commonly originated. It very commonly originated from the overcrowded state of the homes of the poorer people; and this was an evil they should strive to remedy by visitation and counsel. They might do very much by impressing upon mothers^ the im portance of dressing their children in such a manner as to preserve decency. Ail mothers ought to be induced to give their children physiological training in such a manner as only a mother could give it. He had asked before, and he wonld ask again, Why was it that children were left to learn all that was most solemn and sacred about their bodies from those who wonld only speak about thing in the wickedest and most wanton of language ? Why should they not learn snch things as it was inevitable they should learn from the tender, and gentle, and loving, and religious lips of good mothers ? Mothers should give their children that knowledge which wonld make them more alive to the dangers that surround them, and which wonld make them think more of the sanctity of their bodies. God had given us His Holy Spirit to dwell in our bodies, and we ought to maintain our bodies in the utmost purity and holiness. Then mothers should be taught to give their children plenty of physical exercise, to incul cate habits of cleanliness, and to keep their houses happy and bright. There was one other great duty that rested upon them all, but which might be especially carried out by the ladies, and that was the raising of the tone of Bociety as to the sins committed by men. Man's responsibility for his sins should be brought to bear upon his life, as [strongly at least as the sins of woman were brought to bear upon her life. There should be the same law for the man and the woman. They did not want to see young men who were in the habit of living in gross sin admitted to society as if their lives were pure and holy. (Applause.) They wanted mento be brongnt to realize that the tone of society would not Buffer it, and that if they desired admission to society they must at least live pure lives. (Applause.) The ladies, in their social gatherings, should not allow men to have any place at all who were living in gross sin; they should not allow their daughters to be given in marriage to those who were living in gross sin. If they would do this, then tney would have taken an important step towards helping forward society in the right direc tion. Their one hope was in spreading more and more the knowledge that our bodieB were to be the temples of the Holy Ghost. We must realize the great lesson of the in carnation. He moved the adoption of the report. After speeches from the Rev. Silas Mead, the Rev. Canon Andrews, and the Rev. S. Knight the resolution was carried unani mously. Miss Spence said that if it were difficult for a man to speak on this subject it was doubly difficult for a woman. If the women could not speak they could act. Let them in everything they did and said endeavour to Eromote purity, nobleness, and unselfishness, et them discountenance the shameful liver though he might be rich and of supposed good social standing. But they must be care ful not to be too inquisitorial. (Hear, hear.) With regard to fallen women, Bhe had not much hope for the elder persons, but she had hope for the younger persons, many of whom had been rescued. The Home should be open to all, but they should endeavour especially to reach and save the young. The Rev. J. McEwin moved—"That the age of consent in the Social Purity Bill should be raised to the age of at least 16 years." The age when the Bill was intro duced was 16 years, but it had been reduced to 15 years. Many of them felt that if the age were not raised this agitation would have to be gone over again. The Rev. E. Gratton seconded the motion. Carried. 