I SAY NO ; ob, THE LOVE-LETTER ANSWERED br Wilkib Collins. Th mieluetve right at publication In Now South Wale has boon purchaeea bptho propnetwi d tha Doll/ Tals OHAPTEB XLI.— -Speechifying. On the Monday n plcaghboy from Vnle Begis arrived at Monakcmoor. In respect ot himself he was a person beneath notice. In respect of his errand he was suffi ciently important to cist a gloom over the house hold, The faithless Mirabel had broken his en gagement, and the plouehbor was tha berald ot misfortune who bronght his apology. To his great disappointment (he wrote), he was detalnod by the affairs of his parish. He coald only trust to Mr Wyvil'e indulgence to excuse him, and to communicate his sincere sense of regret (on scented note-paper) to the ladies. Everybody relieved in the affairs ot the parish, with the exception of Francine. " Mr Mirabel has made the best excuse be conld think of for sbortening bis visit, and I don't wonder at it," she said, looking significantly at Emily, Emit j was pitying with one of the dogs, exercis ing him in the tricks which he had learnt. She balanced a morsel of sugar on his nose, and had no attention to spare for Franciie, Cecilia, as the mistress of the bouse, felt it her duty to interfere, " That it a strings re mark to make," she answered. 11 Do you mean to say that we have driven Mr Mirabel away from ns?" "I accuse nobody," Francine began with spiteful ctndonr. " Now she's going to accuse everybody I " Emily interposed, addressing herself I icetiously to the dog. " Bat when girls are bent on fascinating men, whether they like it or not," Francine proceeded, ' men have only one alternative— they nut keep ont of tbe way." She looked again at Emily, more pointedly than ev.T. Even gentle Cecilia resented this. " Whom do yon refer to ?" she said, sharp y. " My dear I" Emily remonstrated, " need yon ask ?" She glanced at Francine as the spoke, and then gave the dog Lis signal. He tossed up the sugar, and caught it in bis month. His audience applauded him— and so lor that time the skirmish ended. Among tbe lettere of next morning's delivery arrived Alban's reply. Emily's anticipations proved to be correct. The drawing-master's duties would not permit him to leave Netherwood'a ; and he, like Mirabel, sent his apologies. His short letter to Emily contained no farther allusion to Mies Jethro ; it began and ended on the first page. Had he been disappointed by the tone ot reserve in which fimil; had written to him, under Mr Wyvil's advice f Cr (as Oerilia suggested) had his detention at the schosl so bitterly disappointed him that be was too disheartened to write at any length ? Emily made no attempt to arrive at a conclusion cither one way ot tbe other. She seemed to b« in depressed spirits ; and she spoke soperatitiouBly for the first timo in Cecilia's ex peri-nce of her. " 1 don't like thisre-appearance of Miss Jethro," she Baid. " If the mystery about that worn in is ever cleared np, it will' bring trouble and sorrow to me— and I believe, in his own secret heart, Albaa Morris tbioks so too." " Write and atk him," Cecilia suggested, " He is bo kind and so unwilling to distress me," Emily answered. " that he wouldn't acknowledge it, evm if I am right," In the middle of the week, the coarse of private life at Monksmoor suffered an interrnpiion, due to the Parliamentary position of cue mastir of the house, The insatiable appetite for making and hearing speeches, which represents one of the marked peculiarities of tbe English race (including their cousins in the United 8iates), haa seized on Mr Wyvil's constituents. There was to be a political meeting at the market hall, in the neighbouring town, and the member was expeottd to make an oration, passing in review contemporary events at home and abroad.' " Pray don't think of accom panying me," the good man said to bis guests. ' The hall is badly ventilated, and the speeches, including my own, will not be worth hearing. This humane warning was ungratefully dis regarded. Tbe gentlemen were all interested in " tbe objects of the meeting," and the ladies were firm in tbe resolution not to be left at home by themselves. They dressed with a view to the large assembly or spectators before whom they were ' about to appear, and tbey oat-talked tbe men on political subjects all tbe way to tbe town Tbo most delightful of surprise was in store for tbcm when Ibey retched tbe market hall. Among the crowd of ordinary gentlemen waitiog under the portico until the proceedings began appeared one person ot distinction, whose title was " ffever- end," and whose name was Mirabel, Francine was the first to discover bim. She darted op the steps and held out her band, "This is s pleasure!" the cried, " Hare yon come hereto see—" She was 'about to say ma ; but, observing the strangers round her, altered the word to us, . " Please give me your arm," she whispered, before her youog friends had arrived within hearing, "I am ao frightened in a crowd I" She held fast by Mirabel, add kept a jealous watch on bim, Wib it only hrr fancy, or did she detect a new charm in his smile when be spoke to Kmily ? Before it was possible to decide, the time for the meeting had arrived, Mr Wyvil's Meads were, of course, accommodated with seats on the platform. Francine, still insisting on her claim to Mirabel's arm, got a chair next to him. As she seated her self, she left bim free for a moment. In that moment tbe infatuated man took an empty chai on tbe either side of him, and placed it for Emily, He communicated to that bated rival the infor mation which be ought to have reserved for Francine. "The committee insist," he said, " on my proposing one of the resolutions. I promise not to bore yon ; mine shall be the shortest speecu delivered at the meeting." The proceedings began. Among the earlier speakers not one was inspired by a leeliag ot mercy for tbe andieace. Tbe chairman revelled in words. The mover end seconder of the first resolution (art having so much as a ghost of an idea to trouble either of them) poured not languvg-r in flowing and over flowing stream?, like w»tar from a perpetual skiing. Tbe beat exhaled' by the crowded audi ence was already becoming insufferable. Dries of "Sit down I" asBeiled the orator of the m-meut. T re chaiim-n was obl'ged to interfere. A man a-, the hick of the hall roared out, " Ventilation'." a <1 broke a window with his Buck. He was re warded with throe rounds ot cheers, and w-s ironically invited to mount the platform and tatce tbe chair, Under these embarrassing circumstances, Mira bel rose to speak, Ee seemed silence at the outset by a humorous allusion to the prolix speaker who had preceded him. "Look at the olock, gentlemen," he said, "and limit my speech to an interval of ten minutes," "he applause which followed was beard through the broken window in tbe street. . The boys among the mob outside intercepted 1 the flow of air by climbing on each other's : shoulders and looking in at the meeting through the gaps left by the shattered glass. Having pro- I posed his reeolntion with discreet brevity of speech, Mirabel courted popularity on the plan adopted by the late Lord ralmerston in the House of Oommone— - he told storiee and made jikes . adapted to the intelligence of the dullest people . who were listening to bim. The charm of his 1 voice and manner completed hie success. Punct- I nelly at the tenth minnte he sat down amid cries ' of " Go on," francine wee tbe -first to take bis hand, and to express admiration mutely by press- | ing it. He returned the pressors — bnt he looked j at the wrong lady — the limy on the other side. Althongh she made no eemplalnt, he instantly , saw that Emily was overcome by the beat, Her lips were white, and her eyes were closing. " Let me take yon ont," be laid, "or yon will faint," Francuse started to her feet to follow them. Tbe lower order of tbe aadience, eager for amn-e- meet, pot their own humorous construction on th young lady't action. They rotred with laughter, "Let the person and bis aweetheart be," they called ont; "two's company, Miie, and three isn't.," Mr Wyvil interposed his authority, and rebuked tbem. A lady seated behind Francine interfered to good porpote by giviog her a chair, which placed her ont ot sight of the aadience. Order was restored— and tbe proceedings .were re sumed. . On tbe conclusion of tbe meeting, Mirabel an) Emily were found waiting for their friends at the door. Mr Wyvil innocently edded foel to the fira that was burning in Franome, He insisted tht Mirabel should return to Monksmoor, end 'offered him a seat in tbe'c-irriage at Emily's aide. Later in tho evening, when they all met at dinner, there appeared a change in Miss de Bor which surprised everybody bat Mirabel, She wasgay and good-hnmonred, and especially ntni-ible and attentive to Emily, who sat opposite to her at the table. " What did yon and Mr Mi'absl ta'k abont while you were away from us?". ah asked innocently. "Politics?'' Emily readily adopted Francine's friendly tons; I " Guess again I" she said gaily, j " I can only gness that yon bad the most ; delightful of- companions," Francine rejoined, " and I wish' 1 had been overcome by the boat tool" ? Mirabel— attentively observing her— acknow ledged the compliment by a bow, and left Emily to continue the conversation. In psrfect good faith the owned to having led Mirabel to talk of himself. She had heard from Cecilia that his early life had been devoted to various oecnea- tionr, and ehe wae interested in knewing how circnmstaness had led him into devoting himself . to the Church. Francine listened with the oatward appearance of implicit belief, and with the inward i conviction that Emily waa deliberately deceiving i her. When tbe little narrative was at an end, sbe was more agreeable tban ever. Sbe admired Emily' d<esi, and she rivalled Cecilia in enjoy ment of the good things on the table ; she enter tained Mirabel with hnmonrons anecdote of tha priest at San Domingo, and was so interested in the manufacture of violioB, ancient and modern, that Mr Wyvil promised to show her his famous collection of instruments efter dinner. Her overflowing amiability included even poor Mis Dtrnaway and the abeent brothers and Bisters, She beard, with flattering sympathy, how they had been ill and got well again ; wnat amusing tricks tbey pl-yed, what alarming accidents hap-' pened to them, and how remarkably clever they were — " including, I do assure you, dear Miss de Sor, the baby only 10 months old." When the Indie rose to retire, Francine was, socially speak ing, the heroine of the evening. While the violins were in o-urse of exhibition, Mirabel found an opportunity of- speaking to Emily unobs- rved. " Have yon said or done anything to offend Miss de Sor?" he asked. "Nothing whatever!" Emily declared, startle) by the question. " What make yon think I have efftnded her?" "I have been trying to find a reason for the change in her," Miraoel answered; " especially the change towards yourself." » Well ?" "Well, she means mischief." " Mischief ot what sort ?" 11 Of a tort which may expose her to dis covery, unless she disarms suspicion at tha out- sol, That is, as I believe, exactly what ehe has been doing this evening. I need'nt warn yon to be on yonr guard," All tho next day Kmily wee on the witch for events, and nothing happened, » Not the slightest appearance of jealousy betrayed itself in Francin. Bhe mi.de no attempt to attract to herself the attentions of Mirabel, and sbe showed no hostility to Emily, either by word, look, or manner. The d-j after, an event occurred at N ethirwoods. Alban Morris received an anonymous letter, ad- oressrd to bim in theee terms : " A certain young lady in whom yon are sup posed to he interested is forgetting you in your absence. If yon are not mean enough to allow i onrself to be supplanted by another man, join the party at Monksmoor before it is too late," (TO BE CONTINUED.) 