A EOB-oommittee of thedmore District Agricultural and Pastoral AssociationjwOI meet at the Athenmn Hall tMnorrow, at 2 pjn^ Isllmr;^^ programme far tbe onmng dffliboB.' At. 3^0 pjn. a ywil.piiiinJ wmi. mittee mfifting wffl be lieldto make arrangements for a f f* ng matrh, whidiit has teen pwpoeBd anM ; idMfl be held at an early date, »nckr ibiw pices d the mdety. • j A revision court far the JEEbnnce dniaon of the distzict of Handarang and the Hmatiy dindn «K tiw Northern ftorinoc iw fa^d in. the Coarthoaee oa Satnrday last lifaei Messrs. Pock and G^ JILV ^ were 15 new votes added to tienil Cor the Iie^daixve AwwiiHy, and 2 fi t the legHriwe OaandL The second meeting of the Blmore Qaadrille Assembly will take place at the Athenaeum Hall, on Wednesday next. Dancing to commence at 8 p.m. Mr. James Focshav, president of the E.D.A. and P.A, wiU attend the Central Board meeting at Sandhurst to-da.y, which is being held for (he purpose of rtfriing delegates to attend the Melboame meeting. A supplement to the Government Gasette, published on Tuesday, contains additional appointments to the commission of the peace. Xhe additions in the Midland bailiwick are Messrs. G. E. Boorchier, J. M. and John Holmes. At the Sandhurst Licensing Court on Monday, a billiard-table licence was granted to Mr. W. Holland, of the Ronnymede Hotel, Elmore. The circulating library, in connection with the Elmore Free library, is now available for members. There is already a very judicious selection of books, at present mostly confined to high-class light literature. Hie boon now freely ofiered to the public of Elmore and neighborhood is a most valuable one, and it behoves, alike the intelligent and the economical to at once enrol as members. Tile half-yearly subscription is 5s. Mr. J. R. Ctmpmtui is honorary secretary. The returning councillors in the Shire of Wanngaarfe, for the Western Biding, Mr. J. S. Ferguson ; for the Eastern riding, Mr. Baldwin; and for the Central riding, Mr. W. Wigg. We have not heard that any opposition is expected in any of the ridings. The trial of the four prisoners committed on the charge of robbing the Simpson's Boad branch of the National B*nk of £1125, was concluded on Tuesday, before his Honor Judge Cope. The jury, after a brief retirement, brought in a verdict of guilty against the four men. The sentence on Milledge, Caney, and Fdttune was six years' each imprisonment, with hard labor; M'Mahon'bterm was 12months, with hard labor. The following are the results of the principal football matches played at Melbourne, on Saturday:—Carlton, 7 goals 4 behinds v. Geelang 2 goals 13 behinds ; Melbourne, 3 goals 6 behinds ». Essendon 2 goals 9 behinds; South Melbourne, 9 goals 14 behinds v. Fibroy 8 behinds; Wslliamstown, 5 goals 14 behinds v. Ballant 2 goals 3 be- hinds. Hotham, 15 goals 21 behinds v. Sandhurst nit Uuiversity, I go 5 behinds v. Richmond 9 behinds. The hon. secretary of the Elmore District Agricultural and Pastoral Association (Mr. J. D. Wray) notifies in another column that he will attend at the Society's office (next Dick's Commercial Hotel) between the hours of 10 a_m. and 3 p.m. every Saturday, for the transaction of the Society's' busiss. Ratepayers of the Shire of Huntlv are cautioned that unless all rates due are paid within 14 days from the date of advertisement in another column, legal proceedings will be taken tilMII, The Grand National Steeplechase meting teokflaM«a the Flanington course on .Saturday, in the presence of a fair number of spectators. The Maiden Hurdle Race was won by Hippogrifi; with Sea Breeze second. La the Maiden Steeplechase, Reticent and lady Ashton Beamed first and second place respectively. The Grand National Hurdle Race was won by The Agent^ with Goardfish second, and Cockboat third; and the Grand National Steeplechase by Wymlet, Sailor and Denmark taking second and third positions respectively. In the Selling Hurdle Race Student came first, with Flamborough second. The Flat Race was won by The Ghost, Plausible being second. The stakes won mkhhiN to X2410. We Ieam from Sydney (hat a few days ago Clifford, the well-known sculler, injured his spine, and that it is considered unlikely (hat he will be able to row again. Messrs. ~J. Dickson and GOL, of Melbourne have just commenced the manufacture of eucalyptus wine. Use firstmeeting of the council which has been entrusted with the administration of (he Agricultural Colleges Act was held yesterday. Hie business was of a preliminary character, bnt the council will be called npon at an early date to adopt regulations for the management of the lands which have been set apart for the endowment of the Hie Richardson Board have concluded theirreportas follows:—"We regret to be obliged to report our opinion that Mr. Richardson's conduct was highly irregular, and that, in our jutonee^ such conduct is to destroy ramfidenre in thf. LmhiJ f)f anyone acting as justice of the peace." Comment is sapaiaoas(sa.jrstheArytu). It is for4he electors cf O-eewick to say Sritatf w&cqxtoleut; of Ihe Aryiu fnmn&ea; an iiwhlanaaa nndcr.which a dharve of pan^huheen brought againSt the terian C&m;^f^fikllaEat. fit ^ ^ ^ that iC^In^iB has bemddiraivaw. toons on-IF* The Four Gospels," wlon Mon^yap3fatB«f<neofthese(agned %him^^peandinthelooal -~ A smb^MT .cit |ui cor that h had read wanfllmy;aTmilai ami loolmdnptiie SennMM«f|heDeui:<f WmUniialer." u A fa^jhttgollAj member of the congregation mentioned his suspicious to a friend. A copy of the woric referred to was obtained, and on the following Sonday special notice was taken of Mr. {bglis's sermon. The allegation was thai made that the plagiarism was a most flagrant one, and it is slated that Mr. Inglis was then requested to meet the elders of his church, that the manuscript was secured, that he was openly diarged with the plagiarism, and denied it, and that the decision was ultimately arrived at to allow him three months to find another church. The Presbytery of Ballarat will meet next month, when the whole subject is likely to be dealt with. A similar charge was made against Mr. Inglis twelve or fifteen years ago. An extraordinary meeting of the Echuca Hospital committee was held on Friday evening, to investigate the circumstances attending an extnotdi nary frtuxu which occurred on Thursday night at (he hospital From statements made by Drs. Murdoch and Osborne and the servants of (he institution (says (he Argw), it appeared that on that night a wardsman and the matron, a married couple, quarrelled, and got into a very excited state. The passage of the hospital was strewn with clothes; the surgery window was broken, and the clothes, which were on die pqgs in (he servants' room, were discovered to beonfim, the wall bang blackened and the floor charred. Upon Dr. Murdoch's arrival the matron, who was in an excited state, abused him, and struck him on the head. She also assailed the nnrse, and acted in an eiUiorinniy manner, until a constable was sent for. Hie wardsman was found lying on the verandah, and had to be taken in and laid pn the bed. Dr. Murdoch expressed his conviction that both the wardsman and the matron were drank, but the wardsman in defence stated that his wife had been suffering from a rush of blood to the head, and he from (he effects of morphia. The committee unanimously decided to dismiss both forthwith. The Waterloo Gup coursing meeting was concluded on Saturday. Rhodanthe (for the second time) secured the Waterloo Cup, and Red Hind the Waterloo Plate. Dr. J. E. Taylor in his "Notes," published in the Argtu of Saturday, says:—"England has many great monu- ments which testify to her greatness al and to the overflowing energy of the Anglo-Saxon nice, but I know of none which exceed in suggestive grandeur this magnificent city, with its churches, chapels, theatres, schools, and ouier public buildingi, its splendidly-built houses and fine streets, its warehouses, wharves, and shipping, its railways, newspapers, and telegraph systems, its comfortablyhoused hundreds of thousands of human population—all gathered together where less than half-acentuiy ago there existed the wild wilderness of the bash." Charles T. Keam, Toolleen, has been gazetted deputy- electoral registrar for the Ronnymede division of the doctoral district of Rodney, and (he Wiaranga division of the Northern Province. The employe* engaged in the various business establishments of Elmore, following the example set them by their confrere" at Kocbester, will meet in the Athenaeum Hall on Monday evening, at 8 p.m^ to consider the question of a weekly halfholiday. Particulars will be seen elsewhere. An important meeting of trustees of the Elmore Athenamm and Free Library will be held on Tuesday next, at 7.30 pjn- to inspect die plans of the new ball, ana to arrange for tenders for erection of the same. The plana are now open for inspection at Mr. J. Blee'ti, Railway Place ?<aBt. 