Table Tal\\. No better instance otin bu given of u jnlsouloulntlou of the public .taste than that furnished by the number oL' copies unsold ol' Sit' 0. CI, Duffy's " Four Years ol! Irish History." Tlio book was published us u sequel to the sumo author's "Young Ireland," which, coming out at u vary opportune time, was very successful. To soo at Uobortson's book side on 'Friday unci Saturday lust ' Sir Ohurlos' "Four Yours " In lot utter lot sandwiched ; butwoon Shakespeare and a book on poultry, or between i the lllblu and the " Pilgrim's Progress," In order to carry It to u bid, was sulUolontly oonvlneing. • m I * * ! I. no not suppose that the bachelors ol! Victoria are ,nuioh alarmed at Mr, Shiiekoll's motion, designed, f 'suppose, to Induce them to baur tho shackles ot matrl • mony. To poll-tax bachelors like Chinamen Is a thing isulllolontly 3iovot, but tho member tor lloduoy will not bo satisfied even with this, He wants a progressiva tux ,to bo Imposed oil all unmarried men botwoon 25 and 50 •yours ot ago, and In return suggests that a dowor ot •jone-thlrd ot the total amount paid by each bachelor bo •refunded to him on his-marriage, Why tho ages aro Iflxod at 25 and 50 It Is not aiisy to soo, unloss Mr, -JSliackoU Is of opinion that when a man bus lived until jtho ago of 50 wifeless, his bachelorism Is so confirmed that It would bo cruel Lo tux 1dm for It. There Is some thing, however, to bu said for tho bachelor. True, ho doos not contribute us much us a married man with a family towards tho Income of the State, but sou what expense ho saves the country. Ho has no oldldrau to |bo odueatod free of charge, at enormous oxponso to tho •people generally, and he has no grown-up son to foist upon tho Government Departments In some way or other. Ho doos not leave a horde of uuprovidod for children behind him, and, as a rule, ho doos not himself drift Into tho benevolent Asylum. "In this punslvo mood," writes .Steele, "as Isaac lllokarstat! in tho « butler,' I returned to my family—that Is to say, my servant, my dog, and my eat, who only can bo the better or worse for what happens to mo." Yes, believe mo there Is something to bo said on tho bachelor side' But one thing strikes mo. If ladles only had votes, what a cry to go to the country on would Mr. Shaokoll's proposal bo ! Tiasx Mi'. Niuuno is to move that an address bo pre sented to His Excellency, asking tor a sum of Jil,000 to bo plaood on tbo Supplementary Estimates for tho purpose of subsidising tho publication of certain works of the lute Marcus Olarko. Oopios of tho works it is proposed to present to all tho Eroe Libraries and Mechanics' Institutes in tho colony, and the proceeds of tho sale of tho remainder to bo invested for tho benefit of the late author's widow and family. Though I sympathise greatly with tho object of this motion, 1 four it will noL .be carried, Tho liberali ty of the present Government lias not been suoh as to induce tho hope that any public money will bo devoted to tho widow and family of Victoria's one novelist who is known in Europe. # m * 1 should have liked every woman in Victoria who has young children to roar to have been present at "Dr. Willis' lecture tho other evening, delivering ono of the scries of tho lectures of tho Australian Health Society. Tho subject is an important ono, and its im portance is again certified to by Dr. Willis' deliberate declaration that thousands of infants' deaths are duo to mismanagement and tho dirt whicli prevails in many Australian households. This latter statomont assuredly will not add to tho locturor's popularity, but unless it woro to a certain extent tho fact, I do not believe that it would have boon made. While .tho Australian Health Society is instrumental in obtaining tho delivery of suoh lectures as that' of Dr. Willis, it will indeed lie worthy of support and attention to a greater dogroo than has hitherto boon givon to it and its doings. # * . The University Orickot Club lias boon denied repre sentation on tho.Association bocauso its members did not number fifty last season. I think.the ruling of tlio Association had bettor bo rcoonsidorod at once. The .■■rule seems to.be so plain that, how the question came to bo decided in this fushion, passes the comprehension of everybody aooustoniod to ooiuitrua dooumonts of the regulation sort, Counsel's opinion has buon taken, and la strongly In favor of tho University CM ub, IK ' ' ' • # m It' all our Importations from England liac'l boon ouly half as groat suooossoa as Mr, Spolghb, wo should not have anything to ootuplaln of, Of course, all tho Inuonvonlonoos which bosot trnvollors near to and out sldo Melbourne havo not boon removed, but, as a whole, Mr, Speight's management has boon decidedly a suoooss, Perhaps this arises from tho habit ho has of doing all really serious things himself, and of not allowing his oolloaguos—who really are not wan ted at all—to in tor fore with him, l» IK IK A iiOMT baby's shoo—or should I say, a baby's lost shoo'/ was advertised for In among tho lost and found on Saturday, Also, 1. perceive, a lady lost hor boot botwoou Ohapol-stroot and Mawksburn, and advertises for tho same, Those anuounoomouLs show that It was an unluaky time for boots and shoes last svook. By tho •way, 1 wonder If thoso Inuoeout Individuals who ad vertise " found a poodle, owner oan have same on paying expenses," over Und tho owner or tho oostof. ithe advertisement In their pockets again, I * # ¥> I A JjADY orltlo iwrltos, "Why do not they oxolso jfrora 1 Mixed ' at the Bijou thoso rather objoottouablo 'passagos in tho dialogue, and why do not they act the iplooo down to shortor length / Then, why doos Grovlllo Jdo his dusting In suoli a very Inartlstlo manner, and do ho rauoh of It.' It would bo as well, also, If young gontlomou, when oomlng out, would not stlolc tho knob of tholr umbrellas into other peoples faces, after the fashion of Bosoo Bllthors, It Is not at all funny." 1 sympathise with my fair correspondent, but oannob answer hor quostlons. * * # But to tho earplug critics 1 would say that It Is tho fashion uow-a-dnys to go to soo a funny piece, laugh heartily at it from start to finish, and thou, when It Is all ovor, say "It Is horrid bosh." Perhaps it is, but why pull tho sawdust out of the doll your soul has delighted in for over two hours In this prosaic and dull ago anyone who makes his generation laugh, how soever, trivial the means may be, is a public bonofactor Now, 1 liko to soo a man wlio oau laugli heartily. Some people I vorily believe oannot laugh at all. Their greatest attempt only rosults in the production of a sickly smile, such as might comu on a death's head Go and laugh—no matter at what—and soo (if yon are one of those who oau laugh) how much hotter you fool after it. I am beginning to look upon Phil Day, Grcvillo, Harwood, Thornton, and Johnny Hall, as the true benefactors of Melbourne mankind. This may bo considered "a most romarkablo " statement ; but " do you know" that "I've called" these throe gentlemen just what I boliovo them to be. * Hi Hi Dynamitk has once more assorted its power, on this occasion in New Zealand. Two men wore attempting to "soften" the explosive in their hut, but the opera tion seemed to have a directly contrary eflieot on the material, which exploded, blowing one of the men clean through the roof. Dynamite is a thing to be left entirely alone, and attempts to soften it are hazardous. * * The Archbishop of Canterbury, does not seem to approve of Imperial Federation, so far at least as the church is concerned, as he has prohibited the employ ment of colonially ordained clergy in the proviuco of Canterbury. "What induced the great High Priest to issue this extraordinary prohibition is a mystery. He must havu met with somo of our black sheep. My experience is that the local article is as good as the imported. '■ * * * This Minister of Defence has solved the problem of what wo are to do with our surplus population, us Melbourne progresses. He proposes to establish " rifle • ranges in the immediate vicinity of the city." ■ Tho butts, at Williamstown, have eminently fulfllled tho purpose of thinning the ranks ; but whon wo get tho ranges amongst us, and the trams in full swing,, there never need bo any four about over population. What citizens tho trams loavo will be " tended to" by the riflemen. ■ That knotty problem as to tho doolino of 'fcho mar-, •rlago rate has buon solved by tho Church Assembly, It nil Hub In n nuttihoU, Moti nvo debarred ifrom marry dug by tho expense—-not of furniture and suoh details, •but—of tho marriage foo. An ofl'orb whs made, but without auocoss, to l'oduuo tho oxponao In this roapoot, iso tho matrimonial "atriko " will oontlnuo. * * * Itiiii'oirrmts aro oxporiouoing n troubled timo In tho House, na mombora nro oonatnntly complaining of tboing mlaroportod, Tho charges lmvo boon mado Ira pnrtlnlly against nib tho inorulng papers, and tho Ooolong Adwvtlavr lias oomo In for a share. Dr. Quick complains that tlio roporting ia not ao good alnoo ho loft tho gnllory. It la only fair to tho rap'ortors, however, to atnto that aomo mombora hnvo to bo mlaro portod In ordor to bo intdlliglbloV ' * * In roporting tho ease of suicide nonv Mohuon, tho Argiiti says thnt tho man; » aftor aottling hia' affairs, shot himself," Surely tho "sottlomohtof affairs "was arrived at when tlio allot took bffoot. That la tho moat oomploto sottlomorit that 1 know of. * * A LETTWit appears In a oontomporary headed! i' Saving Tlma at'Plros." 1 waa always under tlio Im pression that tlio ohlof object was to savo property at llros'j but wo llvo and loarn. : ? • s !• ■ v m # # In an artlblo on tho Chinese, tho Argun says, " through Ohihks that Timo has mndb," &o.; Now, la it a propor ^hing for tlio loading journal to refer to the Mongolians as "'Chinks?" I thought that that term was oonlliiod to tho vocabulary of smhll boys. Perhaps the A',gha was unconsciously funny.' * * • Aoooiidino to Sir Honry Parkos, a standing army Is unnecessary in tho ooloulos, as an army would bo "improvised," whioh would " drive tho Russians Into the soa at any timo." Tho soa Is just tho plaoo whore an enemy wants to bo, Thoy could do cpiito suflloiont damage to Melbourne or Sydney from Hobson's Bay or Port Jackson respectively. * . * It sooms to bo a condition of clerical life in America, that tho Minister of a olmroh should bo a capitalist. One of tho reasons asslgnod for tho Rev. Honry Ward Booohor, retiring from Plymouth Ohuroh, is that ho has " lost all his money." Out lioro that is just tho timo very often, whon a man takes to the ohuroh, but there's no accounting for tastos. Poets soom to bo moro liable to commit suicide than other mon, but it soldom happens that geniuses who have written so successfully as Will CJarloton, seek self destruotibn, It appoars however that poor Will, whoso works are so widely known and esteemed, died by his own hand at Now York on the 21st Aug. , *' ^ ■ ' * ' The objection to tho creation of a now diooeso seoms ^o be that they can't create another Bishop Moorhouso, Both dioceses would want him, and only one could \- get him. The difficulty could bo ovorcomo "by .tossing a coin only that is not an approved method of settling ecclesiastical disputes. * ' # MAJOB Smith, said that some Mombors of Parlia ment are too big for their boots, This coming from tho Major was an unhappy allusion, any way ho can never suffer from this affliction for nobody could bo too big'for the Major's boots. • V i ■ * ' : # * Mb. DalEey has a delightful, way of putting things. In addressing the Australian Natives' Association of Victoria, last week he said " the sacrifices of mon who devote themselves to tho patriotic service of their follow citizens are sufficiently large without increasing them by making such a service impossible to men of modesty, sensibility and culture." What he means is, that if a patriot gets, say, £2000 per anmum for per forming those sorvicos for their follows, it would never do to increase tho salary (he calls it sacrflce") to such an extent as to debar mon of modesty from accept ing office. 1 think however thoro is a largo margin to work upon. Ministerial incomes will require to bo considerably augmented before they roach tho point where " modesty " will form a barrier. , ,.. , . HlSTOKY will JIOVOl' Stop 1'OpOatlUg ltHOlf, Dt', Taylor has dlsoovurod that in tho rooks o£ Miu Lower Silurian Ago thoro wore" pobkots " in whloh tho gold Hoa. Sometimes, iiowovor, 11 liiia ovon boun curried down by .infiltration. Into tho "porous struoturo," I know a man who dooa not oluhu relationship with the Silurian ago, ibut ho has had a lot oi! gold la hla " pookots " at different times, and It has always boon oarriod down to a "porous struoturo," vulgarly oallod a hotel, and, thoro by a prooosa of " Infiltration " It has boun liquidated, Toll us something now, Dootor, # ' * * This la progress, By favor 6£ tho .I'ostmastor-Qonoral you oau now sond boos or bthor harmless oiitomologioal oronturos through tho post for tho small ohargo of two ponoo por two ounoos. I am romludod by this that during tho oarly days of tho Post Oilloo In Muglaud, • boforo tlio franking' prlvilogo had boon abolished, i articles and animals woro sont through tho post vory different In character to letters, Pi'om tho ilrst mutual it'oport of tho Postmastor-Qonoral It appoars that no iloss than llftoon oouploa of hounds woro sent by moans of a frank to tho King of tho llomans. Two servant jtnalds, " going as lutiudrossos to my Lord Ambassador jAIothuou," woro "posted" In tho samo way, as also was |a DootoV Grlohton, " oarrylug with ldm a oowand othor jnooossarlos," In tho days of tho sail iug ships botwoon (London and Liverpool and libro, how of toil was It nut iadvortlsod In so many words that " a rniloh cow and a dootor will aooompnny tho ship I " I TilE energetic Bishop Thornton's signature to his [letter the other clay, "Samuel Bullurut," looks us IS it hud something strungo ubout'it. I suppose, however, it [is u law of tho Modes and Porsluus thut Bishops shall [sign in this way. I admit thut " J. Melbourne " does [not look so bud,, but how will it bo when dioceses •increase In number, und wb huvo u " Thomus Qoelong-" [or u " Timothy Yuokunduuduh" umongst us 7 j # * A CMSNTiiEMAN residing at Tuoruk sonds mo tho fol jlowlng. umuslng uocount of a midnight adventure ut iTooruk :—" Countless swarms of snails have rooontly [infested my 'garden, to the Infinite dumngc of my young ipons unci boans. With tho view of exterminating thoso insoot doprodutors, 1 huvo boon in tho hubit for soma weeks past of visiting my garden towards midnight und [administering very liberal doses of suit to mysnuil foes. [One night lust week while thus ongugocl Iwus nearly startled out of my senses by u vision in whito suddonly appearing on the top of my garden fence. 1 nm.no bb [liovor in ghosts, but on this occasion I really thought a veritable ghost wus before mo. So sudden was tho ap parition that for somo'minutes 1 stood rooted to the spot. In tho meantime tho author of my alarm, having leapt to tho ground, hastily rushed to my back verandah and I was recalled to my senses by tho sound of vehe ment knocks at my door. Arming myself with a spade* the only weapon at hand, 1 cautiously advanced and to my consternation and shamo—to say nothing of my relief and delight—I found that for tho first time in my life 1 had boon scared by a young lady in lior, night dress 1 Tho explanation was simple. Tho young lady and her mamma, who, living by themselves, occupy the adjoining house, hud rotirod to rost at the usual hour, and had boon alarmed by a loud knock at the door. In reply to their question of ' Who's there ?'—-a man, who had' ovidontly supped at a neighboring inn, de manded admittance, and tipon being told to go away, insisted upon boing lot in. The ladies, frightened out of their wits, had in their undress uniform rushed out of tho house by the buck door, and the younger one, urged by fear and fright, had leapt my six foot garden fence to soek my aid. Of course, 1 took the ladies undor my protection, and then wont in search of the villain who had so cruelly disturbed their rest, but to my annoyance he had decamped. Thus ended my mid-' night adventure, and leaving the snails to their vege table. foast in peace, 1 rotirod to rest, and dreamt of ghosts and visions in whito sealing my garden fence." ■; If : ■7-'< '' ; Yet another religious soot bus landed in Melbourne, Two ministor-s and their families are now amongst us, preaching, the theory of the " Seventh Day Advents," which is based on. the belief of the' literal return of Ohrist to the earth and the participation by tho just in then* inheritance at the end of the milennitim. ' 1 am informed that the Gordon uuitcon aittW^ billon an Saturday night. tllMpluyoa wnnt 0( ^ mohl,1 both tu tho accommodation of tbo nmll' Mio carrying out of tlio in'uyrummo, wore opened'the hall Hoomod to bo uarrtod 1 v "I number of people getting In without tickets »m| ihg tho front seats, 'The ohlldron, who si!,lf boon arranged aaoordlug to thole rospoeH»e 11 buaamc hopelessly mixed with tho autlionuu h fusion and uproar was 'so groat that mothoiH tv«l noon ruahliig wildly around the bull souklm-1,, their children from tho disorderly throng ,! wore knocked down and trampled on, uml sdiv'> wore tossing their hats up, and rendering the i'. oordunt. with their yells, Such questions uvllv, soon my moth'or, 13111?" would bo Hhoutod a<r,4 hall at tlio top of the voice, Of course, In sncba, tho mualo and singing oould only bu hoard ntim,. utid the concert as a whole must bo ieg«n|,,| falluro. The next time tho prowoturs givencki:t aonoort, 1 would recommend thom to s«l«ts pupils, Aimni all the -outcry that has boon raised nte dluolosuros mado by the Pall Mall Gusetiv, iu,f that tho only definite charge which until*] against the promoters is that of " abducting Lily Armstrong, from her homo." On this Ate Jodltor, Mr, Stead, and othors, have boon euiumte Itrlal j but it la dillloult to see how sueli n tiii [result other than In the acquittal of tho uccwL 'all criminal trials there imust bo an " hilentu 'break tho law, and no one oan suppose thnt i: Intention existed in this ease, Assumingtlmtf |was " abducted," tho abduction could not ImvuU any of the purposes contemplated by law ; mill; trury, it was for tho purposo oE opening thuuyo law'to'something which it had resolutely shut i to, | Tub question whether wool bales will Hunt < does not seem to bo one of great importance, ban (Mission which took place on Friday lust, during t of tho wreck of tho " Gulf of Carpentaria," slioiwtlr answer to the question may involve xnost mum;: issues, It appears that tho wreck cuntuim thousand pounds-worth of wool, which, ncconta the auctioneer, would oomo to tho surface ii by dynamite, As the whole thing was sold fori '[ suppose tho public distrusted tho limiting than;, it should turn out correct, however, there slion.1 some nice little pickings for tho lucky purchmcr. | Anotheh unfortunate girl litis lost her lift; tit' her own , stupidity. ' ,Miss Trlbo, when cnwsinj railway line near Richmond, on i'ritltiy, wa-i te(i down hy a train and killed."' The doptiftuiftit; taken every precaution to warn people by |«' boards on each side of the railway, tolling PF look both ways," but this instruction is pershics disregarded, ' The public will only watch u"1-1"' and when that passes they cross nt the tail eniL many people it never ocoui's that there etiu possit'? more than one train crossing at the saute time,anJ is a fruitful source of accidents. * An effort was madu in the church assembly tn vert the journal attached to the church hiton w newspaper,' but the project was wisely »baiib Aftor all, sectarian journals are not so widuly they should be—oven by the adherents of therhur.. and an endeavor to run one weekly could only n> loss, as it would enter into competition with powerful joui'nals, some of which already suppl} quantity of church information. a!1 Mtt. Gkouok Coppin feels hurt nt thelmp^ that his action in attempting to close she b'3"" houses in Lonsdalc-strcot, is duo. to morccnaO ,UI) ho boitig pecuniarily interested in " Our Dwclli";? the same neighborhood. He expresses his bittern^ thi a letter to the " Argus," (in which ho sums up suit of his vast experience by saying, " if 'a' ' ^ an established rule to impute sottish and W motivos without a knowledge of facts. doubt, dreadfully true, but 1 thought 51 r. rendered himself impervious to the attacks" papers by this time. ,,, H hurtling telegram Unit was In the . Argun midiiy, when it was staled; that 2.1,01)0 Christians : Ul0d |lt Aiuim. It will bo nowa to most puoplo En Unit the Aniiniuso kingdom contained bo many ■tluiiHi There aim hardly bo many loi't to opera to ■ ■ I . V ^ # "i;■■'!■: \:: Viulorlan Football Association,.are do bo oon flatuil iiiion thoir promptitude.;ln onnoolllng tho anil lll-eonsltlorod resolution whloh thoy passed ,,iuvli)U3 mooting, sotting aside the decision of hn unij#o, 1,<l0U oi' 1,10 lU'my ol! atlvol'H° 1(jyal opinions wlMwhleh tlioy wmuconfronted-thoy oould hardly do ItiK oIhu, but it was wolt to do It with a good This Is olio of thoso rare instances la whioh.tho Jons of tho lawyora aro in thorough aooord with tfc^ominou-saiiau vlowa of. tho laity. If tho,action of, thSLouiutloit liad boon sustained) hotting on football i'Mlics would bocomo an itnpossibility, and - tlio game Jflft would soon full from Us high plaoo aa.ono of tho SfutH. ■ • : : -"/i * * in of tho suvoroat orltlolama. on tho clerical party tlmt oonvoyod In Bishop Moorhottao'a exhortation §i clergy to " bo real nton." ' * -r.' *' ; - if.-V liullos fool dlllldont about having thoir ongaga published, but tills fouling Is ovklontly not a dla ,tm®ilshiiig feature of tho widow of tho lato ltov. Marie son. This lady It appears la ongagod to bo married r Charles Dllko the oo- ruspondont in the divorce t jnow pending lu England, and no aoonor liad tho fact I'dl'lthe suit boon publlshod than tho widow telegraphed iiunoiiucoinont of lior engagement from India, clous not moan to lildo hor light undor a bushol, # . * | a florist's window last wools 1 saw a bloom of oxqjiisitu buauty on certain fancy pansios grown by 51, (Jftirnos a woll-lcnown amateur gardonor of 'T<*|uk' Tlio bloom was from a plant1 " La Franco " 'owginocl from tho celebrated 'International strain of Ull0t| i'tiria. It la thought by exports that tho <*m|bloom and delicious perfume have boon produced 'bMiybridnntlon botwoon a wallflower and pansy, J * * # i cl'own law oflloors have at last takon stops to MSg Mr. Joseph Symos to task In a doiinit'o way by JMjftcuuHng hfm criminally for holding Sunday ontcr tatamunls in tho Hall of Solonoo, Thoro is how a '.chgfouo of the vexed matter bolng finally settled oh0 way or tho other, ■ ' • Hallway Department lias had to linn el ovor a ^tigooil lot oE money during tho last tow yours to persons |jpil|jtnud in collisions, but tlio Sydney trams are making f>i;,:iicspi;iiUi> cll'orts to rival our railway system as a } 'j'^gtoieuil " Smasher up," Last woolc tlio authorities ( illjwMc compelled to pay 1310 to tho rolution of a man , |:w4 wu-, killotl on the Botany tram lino. 'No cloubt pp|wj«ni uur tram company is in working order, it wilL | (r^wlfcvu the ltailway Oommissionor of a good dual of ^^Woiiaibiiity iu tlio matlor of aaciclciifca, w* .. . - :. ->S; I 'tV,Li\\*i:ly times are in store for postmen. The Post-, jfej^gatei.General lias made arrangements for boos being tfifcl^iutlcil to diiloront parts of tlio colony through tho | "i perforated boxes. The rulo is only to apply to W"hues and other harmless entomologleal spcoi t?10tls 1 was not aware that,queen boos wore harmless, ,vi. I would rather aoeopt it as a fact than seek to 'W'.tttA it. " ■■ » '•Tin morning journals are not much on mathematics, OjW ot tliera said on Monday that tho mining dopart ®^it let 251,000 acres at a yearly rental of 10s. an acre, i ,,Pl winch tho departmont received illld,000 rontal." i'',u so> ^ fimcy somebody gets at tlio department "If.tiUayear. ' knops dreadfully " mixed " in its para ge rju Tuesday, thu 2l)tli September,, it said that scm ^ W^Wsv^ ^ummiamoners had decided on running an ■>'^^Ul,'uu train 1° Sandhurst 11 on thu 23rd inst. and J| !■" Hallavat on tho 215th." Tim " West Nnd " ro TO u cither meaut to say on the " 23rd prox.." ' or °^eiwiac he wiw « .—* lc was a wuelv after thu fair. sorct prox,,11 or BosWEIiL; 