THE NATURALIST. NOTES OF A NATURALIST IN AUSTRALIA. By Dr. J. E. TAYLOR, F.G.S., F.L.S., EDITOR OF "SCIENCE GOSSIP," &C.; No. VIII—VICTORIA. Important and abundant as are the evi- dences of recent geological upheavals from the Miocene and Pliocene sea-beds which the low-lying lands of southern and south-eastern Australia afford us, their interest is perhaps exceeded by the history of the basaltic sheets (or "bluestone," as they are locally termed) and of the volcanic ashes and scoria with which they are frequently associated. I have spoken of even the Miocene strata as comparatively recent, and so they are when compared with the vast geological age of the Silurian rocks and hills around whose bases they wrap. And yet the deposition and formation of these Miocene beds carry us back to a time when the Swiss Alps had only just com- menced that crumpling up which eventually produced their modern scenic effects—when the Himalayas were probably not half their present height; and when the Andes of South America had not received even an incipient start in mountain life! Geology reckons its periods by the physical work done in them. There are numerous evidences of two or more periods of volcanic activity along the southern Australian coasts. One, the earlier of these seems to have closed the Miocene period; the other probably terminated the Pliocene or more recent epoch. The Miocene period appears to have been one of singular volcanic activity all over the world. It was then that what is now Great Britain had almost as many active volcanoes as Java has at the present day—when the north of Ire- land was flooded with lava-sheets; and the site of modern Edinburgh was the very throat and centre of volcanic activity. Central France was similarly encrusted with vol- canoes, whose cones form a special feature in the landscape scenery to this very day. Bel- gium, or rather that part of it represented by the lovely Ardennes, was crumpled up like a handful of ribbons. The Deccan of India broke out with igneous floods; Arabia was equally desolated; probably much of Southern Africa experienced similar vicissitudes; and the throes of a shrinking planet were passed on to Australia, to be continued out here for yet another and later period, when the last volcanic throb was felt, and the last lava flow crept forth. Hitherto it has been the rule to suppose that a volcano was necessary to produce lava flows. When a sheet of ancient lava was found, the next thing was to look for and discover the volcano which had emitted it. Not unfrequently any mountain possessed of a conical shape was sufficient I suppose this was the reason why Mount Buninyong, near Ballarat, was set down as a volcano. Its shape is of exactly the volcanic pattern, but I am bound to say, from personal exami- nation, that Mount Buninyong is not an ancient volcano. All the way up it is seen to be composed of contorted and crumpled Silurian shales, traversed by quartz veins, exactly like the bed-rocks forming the plains and valleys beneath. Mount Buninyong is simply a great outlier of Silurian rocks, show- ing us how much thicker they once were thereabouts, for it is left a standing monu- ment of the vast denudation which has been taking place for untold ages of geological time. I had not the opportunity of examining Warrenheip (which is generally looked upon as a kind of twin extinct volcano to Bunin- yong). Its shape is very similar, and so is its height; but, from what I saw of the latter, I very much doubt Warrenheip's claim to volcanic origin. Of course, I am not disputing the general fact that lava streams usually issue from vol- canic craters. The reason why we have volcanoes at all is because the material accu- mulates around the mouth of the vent. If those materials could only be equally distri- buted as fast as they were ejected, there would not be formed any volcanic mountain at all. It is now well understood by geologists that floods of lava have frequently, in bygone times, welled up great crevices or dykes, and flowed over and completely masked the sur- rounding country. A great deal of the lava or " bluestone "of Melbourne and the neigh- bourhood appears to have had such an origin, and was not emitted from a '' crater." I am not now referring to the great sheets of lava and other volcanic rock we see in western Victoria. About them I shall have some thing to say when the time comes. I am now confining myself to the igneous rocks seen in the railway cuttings, or cropping up in stony masses over the Werribee Plains right on to Geelong, and thence extending for some distance inland towards Ballarat Some of the lava-flows nearest the former town may have issued from the You Yangs; but I had no opportunity of verifying the papular idea that they have done so. There is a capital section, showing the re- lationship of the old contorted Silurian rocks and these recent lava-flows, shown in the rail- way cuttings after we leave Melbourne and before we reach Hawthorn. The lava-sheet is almost entirely confined to the valley of the Yarra. In many places we can see that the Yarra his cut its way through the bed of lava. Consequently the age of this part of the Yarra must be younger than that of the rocks it passes through. The same is true of the Werribee River, whose sinuous, tree-bordered course passes through both the lava-sheet and the under- lying rocks. In fact, all the rivers passing through the plains are young in comparison wit the e geological age of the rivers which water the elevated plains inland. Near Geelong we get some patches of Mio- scene strata, in places full of fossil shells.They are succeeded by fossiliferous Pliocene beds, and all are hermetically sealed us, as it were, beneath lava sheets, so that we can only see them where the sea has laid bare a cliff, where rivers have cut breaches clean through them, or where the action of the weather has stripped off the more easily decomposed ig- neous rock. All volcanic rocks more or less easily decompose. They generally contain a large proportion of iron, which combines with the moisture of the atmosphere (or rather with the oxygen of it) to form iron oxide. In this way the hardest volcanic rock gradually decomposes, and is reduced to an impalpable powder, or soil of a coffee colour. Moreover, many lava rocks are porous or spongy, so that both water and air easily cir- culate through them, and the destructive action of the latter is thus increased. At any rate, such rocks generally weather into rich soils, charged with lime, iron, magnesia, potash, soda, &c.; The plains in the neighbourhood of Mel- bourne must have had a not time of it when these sheets of lava followed each other in suc- cessive molten floods. The sea-floors of the Miocene and Pliocene periods had only just before been upheaved, and tacked on as a fringe of new land to the much older and long-denuded Silurian territory. Over this new land there roamed troops of huge mar- supial animals, some of them several times larger than the existing great kangaroo. How large these extinct beasts were the reader may see for himself in the Melbourne Museum, where there is an excellently set-up specimen. Some of these immense animals were killed during the volcanic outbursts and buried in the ashes; others sought refuge in caves inland, where their bones are found in the floors or "breccias." Doubtless, much of the new land formed as abovementioned by slow upheaval was at first covered with marsh and swamp. The older parts of existing rivers had to cut new channels for themselves on their way to the sea. The process was probably so slow, and extended over such a long period of time, that had man been existing at the time he would hardly have known that anything particular was going on. Nature does not do her work by contract. She takes her own time, and by and by renders her own account. The newly-elevated sea-bed was from the first the arena of powerful earthquake forces. Indeed, unless these had been in operation there would have been no elevation of the sea-floor at all, and, therefore, no formation of new land. At length the earthquake energy culminated in volcanic manifesta- tions, as it usually does in districts liable to be visited by both. Generally the former precedes the latter, and when volcanic energy is put forth the greater includes the less, and earthquake shocks pale before the more powertul outbursts of which they were the precursors. The railway ride from Melbourne to Geelong, and thence to Ballarat, is of the greatest interest to the geologist. Until we commence the steep ascent on the Ballarat line all the plains are marked with lava sheets. We leave them immediately we ascend the gradient, and the railway cuttings show us we are passing over an outcrop of Lower Silurian rocks. They are contorted, gnarled, and frequently much faulted, for these ancient strata have undergone re- peated disturbances, and have been par- takers in scores of great earth-crust move- ments. High as the tableland is to which the train has toilsomely brought us, it is a mere fragment of what it once was, for it is these Silurian rocks of Australia which have suffered most denudation. Rich grassy plains extend on the right and on the left, with Buninyong and Warrenheip visible in the distance. Forests of white vegetable ghosts stretch away out of sight. They are the ringed and now dead gum trees, got rid of because of the litter of dead leaves and stringy bark with which living gum trees strew the grass beneath them. By killing the trees the grass is improved and sheep-feed increased. Perhaps there is no more common sight to the traveller in Aus- tralia than these white, naked forests of dead gum-trees, and one feels inclined to wonder what will be the physical effect upon the Australian climate of such wholesale extirpa- tion of native forests. There is no fact better proved than that the vegetation and climate of a country are closely inter-related. It has been proved over and over again—nowhere better than in the United States of America, in some of which, by the way, they are actually planting forests of those very gum-trees which are here being so ruthlessly cut down. I am no croaker, nor have I any sympathy with croakers. It is infinitely better to have families and happy homes, flocks and herds, and all that make np the genuine wealth of a great nation, than hundreds of thousands of square miles of monotonous gum-tree forest. Owing to her long geological isolation from the rest of the world, Australia, as a conti- nent, has been spared many of the repeated crust movements which the land-masses of the northern hemisphere have undergone. The consequence is that the mountains of Australia are by no means so high as they should be. They were formerly much higher, but they have been lowered by the denuda- tion of millions of years of weather action. Hence, although Australia is situated in the hemisphere where there is a far greater area of water than land, she suffers from insuffi- cient rainfall. If we could only bump up the Australian mountains a few thousand feet, this difficulty would be overcome. In lieu of being able to do so, the question arises as to the ultimate effect upon the ex- isting climate of this country by the clearing of forest and scrub, Now the reason why trees have an effect upon climate is because their roots absorb moisture from the ground, and their leaves transpire it into the air. They are consequently the great regu- lators of the distribution of atmospheric moisture. But it is not necessary for vege- tation to assume the arboreal form to do this. Herbaceous plants, if there be sufficient of them, will act as well-perhaps better. Hence the truth of the old agricultural proverb that "Rain always follows the plough " —that agricultural operations operate upon the climate beneficially. If this be true, then we may hope that the long-continued droughts of Australia will become modified. The country becomes more beautiful as the traveller approaches Ballarat I was not pre- pared to find so beautifully placed a town, or one with such delightful environs. It might be a town in the Black Forest if it only looked a little older, and if its streets were not so wide. The forest-clad hills surround the town on every side, the only naked place is the celebrated Black- hill, whose surface has been repeatedly turned over in the eager search for gold. As we descend from the lovely scenery about Lal Lal we discover a change in the rocks of the railway The contorted Silurian strata are covered with beds of coarse, gritty sand, each particle a worn and weathered quartz grain. This is one of the famous "auriferous drifts." A little further on, and a little lower down, and we behold the "drift" capped and sealed down by a layer of basalt, or " bluestone," The level ground is riddled with holes and deserted grass-grown mounds—as if some gigantic moles bad been at work. A feeling of sadness passes through the mind as one gazes upon this celebrated Ballarat gold-field, a place whither so many adventurous spirits were drawn from all parte of the world; where so many hopes have beaten high, and so many expectations were disappointed. How long must those surrounding hills have stood guarding this very horizon? Here and there, high above the forest trees, there rise the unpicturesque shapes of tall chim- neys and mining gear, indicating where deep quartz-reef mining is going on. The Lower Silurian rocks—or, rather, the quartz veins which intersect them—contain gold ori- ginally brought up from still lower depths by hydrothermal action, and deposited (both together) in the cracks and crannies of the slate rocks. Such is the geological history of the gold- bearing rocks. Then follow millions of years of sub aerial action, when the Silurian rocks were laid bare. When the weather wore away the rock surfaces, and the rains, floods— perhaps snows and glaciers—carried the debris, sand grains, and clay grains, lumps of quartz and occasional lumps of gold, down the valleys below, there to rest on the " bottom," or bed" rock, as the first or richest gold-drift. A physical local change occurs. A flood of lava wells up some wide fissure and flows down the valley, covering up and protecting the old gold-drift. Another long spell of weathering and waiting, when the old hills are still eaten away by weather action, and the worn and abraded materials are washed down and strewn over the top 0f the basalt, thus forming a "second gold drift," usually less rich in the precious metal than the first. Again, thera is an outburst of lava, and a second sealing-up of the gold drift. Once more a period of rest from igneous action ensues, and the last valley drifts are accumulated. But how much and how long the Silurian hills of Ballarat and the neigh- bourhood have been wasted and weathered may be gathered from the fact that in places, I am told, the " gold drifts " attain a total thickness of 2,000ft. 