(Melbourne Argu*, 23rd Dixnahtr, ) If the Earl of Derby cannot keep German hands off Papua, then Australia has been doped by the Secretary of State. The plain word of the Imperial Government will have been broken. When .Sir Thomas IPDwraith first hoisted the flag in New Guinea, and took pcnse&iQii; of the unoccupied half of the island, it wag because of the uneasiness felt with re mtrA fcn fiflrmanv : and vrfimi tVio Karl of Derby disallowed that action, he treated the fear af* to Germany as a myth and a bugbear. Germany, we are told, had no intentions, so far as the Papuan Island was concerned, and, moreover, it was alleged that any settlement upon the coast of New Guinea by imy foreign Powef would be regarded as an unfriendly act. Sir Thomas H*H wraith replied in words whicb may well be quoted : — Not only haa Lard Derby's despatch failed to allay the apprehensions of the Australian people as to the possible occupation of New Guinea by a, foreign Power, bn± fiber have derived as little comfort from bis statement in Pwiiunot, Out the formation of * settlement on the coast of thai island toy such » Power, would be regarded by Her Majesty's Government as an wnfriwidly act. At the stage at which the art could be regarded as an Unfriendly one, it must hare been already accomplished, 00 that Lord Derby's wards are cither a mere procnasti aiioa of regret, or a dedantioa that Her Uajustr's Government VDald Bnbmit the matter to the arhbxa Bot this was not alL Lord Derby, in the des patch which has been quoted so often, specifi cally pledged Great Britain to establish a pro tectorate over the eastern coast of New Guinea if Australia wouldguArantee a certain sum towards expenses. That guarantee was given at once. But no one can say that the pledge would be redeemed by creating a pro tectorate over the southern shores of Eastern New Guinea alone, and by leaving the northern, shores to the foreign Power which we were led to believe had no intentions in that quarter. So soon as Lord Derby learns of any German designs his plain duty is to intimate that he has delayed the Australian occupation of Sew Guinea for a time pending inquiry and arrangements, bnt that the vn fmo£Xfid porticsL of the island frwr been'defin itely promised to the colonists, and that, therefore, a foreign settlement is impossible. Finn language of tills character must have its effect, and indeed, courtesy alone would probably induce Prince Bismarck not to interfere, more especially as Germany is not interested to the extent of a penny piece in the island. Not a copra, collector baa his hut on the coast, nor do the Samoao schooners use the harbours. The beche-de-mer stations arc those of tibe Queensland fishers, and the resident white men are either Australian pioneers or the able, zealous, and successful representatives of the London Missionary Society. There is not the ghost of a German claim. The national desire of Australia to possess tfre ^v^ is well known, and the promise mode to her by England stands recorded in half-a-dozen official documented and no German whim should be allowed to prevail against both. Otherwise, the situa tion would be unjust to bath, countries. Danger sy*»p-g to be in the air, and as chair man of the Convention Committee Mr. Sen-ice will, we presume, cast about him to see if joint action is possible, to remind the Earl of Derby of his pledge, and to insist upon its re demption- ^^lat Australia ougiit to do a.t tliis juncture is tn demand thut j:ood faith bboalil l-e kept with us, anil tliat the annexa tion of Eastern Sew Guinea should be no longer delayed. The .-ecretary of State should 1»e uuule to uicdurbtaml that if he loses Xeu- Guinea h« Mill gtand before the English people charged with having played false to Australia, and with having tloui: his utmost to shfttt the confidence mid. to alienate the affection of tbosL- colonies, ami ao English .-?ccuaation of that IlluJ. Wl- should approach the Throne witli a. grayer fur his dismissal. It [/ruptr njuresetiUtioos arc now mule, Lur»l Derby may realise that tht »mkk*i- a. situation ended the better. 