NEWS OF THE WEEK GUNDAGAI POLICE COURT TUESDAY JANUARY 20 Before Mr Love, PM and Dr Ogg, JP James Kelly on remand, was charged with stealing from the person of Edward Connelly, at Coolac. A witness named Molloy deposed to seeing prisoner carrying Connelly, who was drunk, into a stable at Mr Hoare's Hotel, ans the fol lowing day the robbery, was reported. Connelly. lost 1 pd, half a soverign, 2s 6d and other silver. It was also proved that Kelly had no money prior to 'the robbery, but the same day tendered a note in payment of his liabilities at Hoare's. The bench sentenced prisoner to four months imprisonment in Gundagai jail. [jMrs. Ellen. Crasser was charged with sly-grog selling on the railway Hne^near Muttama. * j!Mr. W. T. Oriffin appeared for the defence. ' ^Edward'Jaokson, batman, at. Kibby's Hotel, Muttama, deposed : The defendant; resides abont h-lf a mile 'from Kibby'e' 'and kief a a boarding-; House; there are 200 men in the oamp neat her'; j ace; M-a, Greaser hw two. tents, ono of whioh . i used for a dining and danoe room ; I attended I patty at Mrs. Giesser'sion her invitation, and t »k a young lady with me ; this was on Ohrist i is -Ere ;! there was dancing, thereYreftejh-i I anto were served at the party, and liquor, but 3 u ha*. tohelp yourself;- it was not «old,';bnt ' i It on a table;. I had two or three drinks at the j ace^uhpa^.nothfog /or them,, and Jolt noth-f; i gincoj^eratip^fay[fc^ about the plaoe; I phlysaw three bottles of grog' there' altogether ;'::there were about ten ladies,! and thirty men present .at the party; ?aw several people go and help thomBolvoBto drink ;, did 'not notioe either' Noah or Little drinking; all the people were sober, in faot the men seemed to be all her own boarders ; no one served ouf Jhe| liquor, nor did I see any money pass; have] heard Mr.Kibby. say that it Was hard be should have to pay a license fee, whilst Mrs.Oreaser:«old-grog-without a license; teoolr loot a cask of alo being sent to Coolao,' but from ?whatl'£eaf3'£efievo it wenf 1o Mre* Crea'serin' stead. ': .' T £';O '.'??'. V f ~ To Mr. Griffin: Tho girls were' not boarders ; Kjbby~dbes not' supply 'Mrs.'Creeser with'grog: John Nash, savvy, deposed : Waa at Mrs. Cresser's on 24th December; Bhe was cooking all the time of the party ; refreshments were set out on the table about! a.m. ; I drank brandy three or four times, but did not pay for it; I helped myself /whenever I'felt ioblinad todrink'; 'I waa not watching the men all night; there was not I much drinkiu?. and tha men Drniumt wara Rnhnr: had meals at Mrs. Cresser's; it was a private party on the 24th December. , : joim' Little, navvy, corroborated the previous' evidence. The benoh' dismissed the ease, is there was no evidence either of sale or delivery on the part of, Mrs; Grosser, without calling upon Mri Griffin.' for his defence. \ ??./'..?-. ....:....: ?'.,'. Mrs. Creaser was then ohargod.with having a oaak of beer on her premises for purpose of sale, but as the case ought to -have come before the Licensing Court, not beforo this bench; it was dismiBBed. '? ? '.???? ???? ?????: ? ? Before Mr. Elworthy, and Dr. Ogg, J's.P. Oolia Ann Hardwick, of :Hilla8' Cresk, charged her husband with assaulting and heat ing her, thereby compelling her to leave home, and she is, now. without means of support. Mrs. Hardwick stated that her huBband had frequently threatened to kill her and broak every bone in' her body ; Hardwick was per f ecty Bohe.r-attha. time ha uttered these threats ; she was frightened' to go home, and had no meausof support. \Td'the*befondant:'Ttook '% soVs that mys'on gave me; did not touch any of the £50 which were in, the cash box;. did not . wander about the bash or go near tho Ohinnman'o. -Tho def endant, -denied , point :blank. the evi dence given by his wife;, he theateued to beat her upon one occasion, but did not do bo ; ho waa willing either '. to. take his wife back or give her maintenance. , , . . . : ; Ab there was so' muoh contradictory evidence the bench decided to dismiss the case, and recommended the parties to kiss and make friends'. . ' ' Thursday, jANnAHY 22. Before Dr. Ogg and Mr. J. B. Elworthy, J's.P. Pat. Eeane, charged with being drunk and using obscene langnage, was fined Sa for the first offence and 20s for the second. 1 . ' John Green was ohargeel with larceny, as » bailee, .of ; a horse the proporty of James Little, Cootamundra. ? . , ' Senior-Constable MoEUigott, deposed to the arrest of the prisoner. In consequence of Dr. Ogg being called away to attend a serious case tho' accused wbb remanded until to-morrow (Friday). Or/B orioket club, is in receipt of ^challenge from the Orientals; the 'premier club inGonl burn, for a friendly mntohiduriu^next month, tho precise date ltd be fixed bytbiaolub. The reply sent to Goolburn- fixer the date., ^ Tho game will be played at Gundagai.1 ';,-__ _ ',._ The tondorof William Noalo for additions antj repairs ou1tHe,Eooroatiob' Grounifhat been aQcoptodby tho trustees. . v .' J :'_ \J. -By a supBlomejt toAheJifayernmwt.flcutfte, issued on Tuesday last' we notice that His Exoel-.. lonoy tho 'Governor, 'with- tha advice of' the ?EiBOutive Counoil,,hoji been pleased to appoint tho Mlowing-gentlomon to be members of the Local Land Boards under tho, CrownXand* Act of ,1884 (to sot in conjunction with the Chairmen whose appointments were notified lon'tho 2nd instant), for' tho respective Land4'Diatriote; i named :— Goulburn District— Burrowa, A. E. Middleton, J.P; Goulburn; O. S.'. Alexander,' P.M. and Francis Toit. Albury District.— Tumut, F. W. Tyner, P.li;' W«VJga Distriot— Cootamnndra, Yi. A. Byrne, J.P. ; Gundagai, W.Love, P.M. andF. W. Woodbihio;' Nar'andera, ITrtna iand, Wagga, L. A. Foaberty, J.P. :and: H. .Bayhs, P.M. ,,-,,. . Cobb and Co. are the successful tenderers for tho'1 mail BeVvico -hetween Cootamundra and Albury - for : three y^ars; , Miohaol DojrMng between Bookham and Tumut ; John Goodwin, sen., botween Oootamundra and Jugioug; .John Carberry, between Coolao end Gbbarralong ; James MoNamara, between Coolao and Jugiong; George FubbIow, botween Gundagai and Wanta badgery ;, Ewqn;MoKinnon, Gundagai to Bran glo ; Cobb and Co., Gundagai to Tumut, via Marked-troe-lino .and via Adelong ; JohnD. Hourigan, Adolong to Tumbarumba; F. B. Bradford, Adelong to fifcAdrih; b.L.Hart, Tiimut to Eiandra ; John Archer, Tarcutta to Murraguldie ; O. S. Smith, Bethungra to Tara matroo; Alex. McDonald, Illabo to Clarendon.. MESSRS. Mort: and i^Oo;,' (Limited), Sydney, reported by telegraph on %ednesday :— 'We offered 2600 bales of 'wool 'at auction' to-day;' and Bold 1900 at from 6d to lOd for greasy ; lid. tolej'd'fofwashedfleec'e'i and^eia'to^ld for ucourod. ' Competition' was' brisk for' good lines especially, greasy,1 but washed' fleece is still dull of Balo.- .,,-,...,. r'r - ? »???- We notioe'that ifr. P; J. Gandon; who haB oocupied ;the position of President of the Sydney School of Arts Debating Club for two years, has resigned his poat, and will be succeeded by Mr.' L. F. Hoydon, M.L.A., for Tass Plains. It is intended to ontettaiu Mr. Gandon at a banquet in recognition of bis valued services. Wo may mention that Mr. Gandon is a eon- in-law of Mr. John Bonton, bo long and favourably known The officers of the police who are entrusted with the compiling of the roll of the Gundagai electorate have nearly completed their labours, and although they have exercised the greatest oare in its compilation, there are possibly some omissions. , We. would,, therefore, suggest that anyone who is entitled to be enrolled should visit the police barracks before the 28th instant, and so have their names inserted before the roll is printed, which will' save a -reat deal tit 'trouble at the revision court, as wHl as prevent the possibility of thoir names being omitted altogothor. The following aro the acceptances for the Junee raoes :— The Cup— CounjT Etat, Young Australia, Spaniard, Where's the Cat, Iona, Oinodhaun, Thakambau, Mystery, Oily Gam mon, Auriolda, . Moss Trooper,- Cygnet and Student. The Anniversary . Handicap— Coup d' Etat, Spaniard, Where's the Cat, Omadhaun, Thakambau, Mystery, Oily Gammon, Auriolda, -SiwiauSr GlemCR4;-WiK— fshsr^eUcMI-yiti Dispatoh. : A New Tear's Evo larkiat waa fined £10 in Sydney for having maliciously damagod house property; What ought our Gandagaihoodlum to get who wantonly damaged Ah Ghee's weigh ing machino on that occasion P ? In future a Warden's Court will be held at Junee.. , , ' ^ ,' ' . 1 The harvest yield in Cootamundra is expeoted to average from twenty-two to twenty-five bushels to the acre. Mb. B. E. Wise, barrister-at-law, is we notice employod by the Crown to proseoute J.T F. Cripps, charged with having maliciously set fire to the Coffoe Palace in Sydney. ???.'? ' iHSTBnoTIONS have been given to Mr.. E. Haylook, lioensed surveyor, to make a survey whioh will determine tho practicability of divert incr the waters of the Snowv River* into' tha Murrumbidgeo, and of -storing adarge! body, of : water at Tantangara Plain, situated at the head of the Kurrumbidgee Biver. ; - The Inspector-General of Police is now filling up the complement; of , constables provided by Parliament fpr the ourrent year. The rate of wages having been inoreasod, only men posses sing all requisite qualifications are Bsleoted. Things Worth Knowing.— That J. B. En'gelen' has got the largest and choicest brands of A^oricoii and Colonial Tobaccos ; aud/what is mort- W too; point, he 'sells them chea^Tfilan any o^eViobacoonist in, town.— That he'has the 1arg~esfr-4hd best .sto'ekr of Meersohaum, Briar wood and all other kinds -of Pipes, Cigar and Cigarette holders, in the district,, and cau sell them cheaper than any other house.— That he has the ? largest arid ohoiceat1 stock of Fancy Goods jn tho town, comprising everything from a Needle to an . Anchor, and as he. imports direct, can sell 25 per oont. less than others in the trade, and. give his ouBtomers the benefit. Hjs.stock of Clocks, Gold and Silver, Watches and Jewellery oannot be surpassed in the Southern Distnota. For. a few; of .the leading prices , loo^ at , my. . standing . advertisement; Don't Forget 1 ,J. B. Engelen, Emporium, opposite tho.Oommeroial Bank.— Adv.. .}/,:.?? I.: : THE wheat orop' in the Temora district is said to befrom eeienteen to forty bushels to the acre. The prioe ranges from Ss to 3s 6d per btisheh ;;?..?? ;..- '?:..' ' ? : : ' : ?? The inororsiog popularity of the Model Lodg ing House, Kent-street, 'Sydney, among the oliissesiof : the community for whom its benefits wero designed, is clearly apparent from the foot thatjthp; ^vmber.'.of, the lodgers 'who were ac commodate^ ,thoro during the year just olosed oxceeded ihst of the- previous year by 8333.' ' . ;A ju*hee nioeauesjlion has arisen in conneoj; with the vofeof-i5)0;TOO,fOT waler supply'tom ! land (ahdf country ItownsS; The qnestion' is! whether a municipality that has tbtrowed?e'veral thousand pounds for this 'purpose, on -»hioh it pays interest, and for the repayment of which the rates of the borough are primarily liable— whether snob; a municipality has any right to a share in the vote, before mentioned f On first prin'oiploa one would' think that those who put their bands into. their, own pockets -for the:pur-; pose' of helping themselves would' have the first olaimY 'Heaven helps tho8e'wfio 'h'eip''the'm- selvea, but. the Government does not. The. municipality in question insisted upon its claim soperststentlythat the Minister for Works' has had. to refer the question to the Grown Solicitor for l-i-fopjniin therjnd?' ': -' ''? |-': l' ' When the fiame is reduoed to a state of ema ciation, and. the system worn to an effete, con dit^n, i( 'cannot be expected that idy tonic ot invigor»nt,,however -potent in its «fteofs-'^ill restore 'Uk»]'aded;prganism by any Vapid otrrsfivo oporaiibn. It takes time for any medicine to per moato the system and pervade all the qhannels of the bodyi'and where the prooess ol..building up is' oonoerned, like masonry work, it must be consummated by slow degrees: '? TJdolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatio Sohnappe will, by it» persistent -use re-eataoiisn ana restore. — Adv. A PECULIAR case of death from the stings of jelly fish is reported by the Toimuville Bulletin. It seems that Frederick William Smith, a boy 11 years of ago, about half-past seven on the morning of the 30th December, went into the shallow water of the Soss Creek, near the Upper Ferry, to bathe. Shortly after he waB seen by Mr. John Kolly, of Eoss Island^ walking in about three feet of water, orying and. striking his hands against his thighs. Mr. Kelly at first thought the boy had out his foot with a bottle, but noticing that after going a few yards the boy fell down, Kelly ran to the spot and found deceased lying deid in about three feet of water, with a large, number of jelly fish all over his body, though not more than three minutes had elapsed from the time when he first noticed him. 'So numerous were the jolly fish' that while Mr. Moore was removing the body from the water his own arms were severely bitten, necessitating.after treatment to reduce the swel ling. The deceased was seen by Dr. Eidgloy, who gave as his opinion that death resulted from the'stings of the fish. '' ' ?? : 'An offer' has been made to Barnum, the American showman, on behalf of the Tiohborne olaimant, who was recently liberated from prison, to take-over the olaimant for public exhibition. Barnum, howover, has refused to entertain the proposal, ..Me. Charles Bright, the well-known free thought leoturer, has retired from that occu pation and returned to his profession of journal ist, Mr. Bright, was formerly sub-editor of the Melbourne Argue. Strange Insurbordination. — Who has '.not expaneofloil/a sort of malady wioty all'^tho faotltioiWin in rebellion, and labour is^abso lutely impossible!1 .It ia a' condition of nerves andt stomach and brain that .can only be oured by the Jusa of that' jirrosistiblo remedy, Hop Bitters.— Adv. ' The sheep tallie' is one of the latest results of Yankee ingenuity. This is a small and neat instrument of nickel silver, about the size of an ordinary lever watch, and can easily be carried in the vest pocket. By a very simple arrangement, similar to that adopted in an ordinary movable calendar, three figures in the dial plate can be set at zero— namely , 000. By passing the thumb through a ring.the instrument is securely affixed to. the right.flr.let* Handi. ,M thsLnueumaf- baj. and by touching a spring with the index finger, the figures on the dial plate' are moved forward at each touch of the spring up to 999. In the ordinary' mode of ; oounting sheep 'th£ person' counting, as tho sheep run through the gate, call ' tallie ' at each 100, and at eaoh call an attendant outs ahotph'in a stick. Various modes ot keeping ' tallie,' in the absence of an assistant, have been adopted, such as passing small stones from one hand to another, &c;, but with this instrument in hand the person counting ' can correctly register his own tallies. . If thearrange monts are such that the sheep are allowed to pass through a!lane or gate one at a time a pressure of the spring can be made for every sheep pas sing through, and thus the ' tallie' will regis ter the exact number of sheep counted. Al thorfgh'tt only registers tip to 1000, it will oor reotly register the number of a flock of any size. Thus, if the flock consists of 1500, the instru^ ment will rogi.ter 499— that is, 500 in excess of the first 1000. ' ; Holloway|s. Ointment,— -Sores,' Wounds, TJ1 coratio^B, and other diseases affecting Ufo skin, are q,sp4Ue of speedy amendment by this cooling and/healing unguent, which has oallojUorSTthe loudest praise from persons who had suffered for years from bad legs, abscesses, and ohronio ulcers, after every hope of cure had long pussed away. None but those who have experienced the soothing effect of this Ointment can form an idea, of tho comfort it bestows by restraining inflammation and allaying pain. ? - Whenever Holloway's Ointment. has boon once used it has established its own worth and has again, been eagerly sought' for as the' easiest and. safest for all , uloeroua pomplsiuts. In neuralgia, rheumatism and gout, the' same application; properly used, gives wonderful relief.— Adv. A humbeb of English birds, whioh were brought out by Captain Wagslaff in' the ship La Hogue^ have been liberated in Manly. ; These continues to be a great dearth of female servants at Brisbane, notwithstanding the frequent arrivals of immigrant vessels. A shipload of good (not good for nothing) servant girls would quickly beabsotbed in this locality. Freo end assititod immigration has, not half sup plied' this domeetio doaideratum Jot/ ' ; ' ' The Sydney'magistrates' are 'severe on offen ders charged with' obscenity, seldom less than a fine of £6 being imposed^ It is the only way to stamp out such bldokguardiim. TrmiED salmon, it . seems, hai a tendenoy to poison. A 'Brisbane woman, after' making' a supper oh 'salmon; give 'up the [ghost. ; ' : , ' ' i Pabis is noted for ita general sobriety. 'Out of the population of 2,000,000 only 22S on one Christmas night, imbibed so freely that they were unable to go home. YThe 12th annual session of the Haw South; Wales and Queensland Wesleyan^BKaaronft commenced in the York-street Chuwli in, Wednesday evening, when the Bot.-^J. H. Fletcher, the retiring president, delivered hji official address. The election of president for. the ensuing year was then proceeded with, the ballot reBnltiifg as fo11owa?f3)evirj. A..Nolan,; 38 vptejf; E:\Seilprs, 12^J.\W. Dp^raon, 2: 'W. Clarke; 1; W. Hill,'l';John'Gatdiner, 1 Mr. Notaawas therefore' eleoteg^ °,Thep'r|et(Iiint~ waajnduotecl^and^ returned^anKs^^TjiSHev^ (f . Eane was elected seoretary to thTconferenoeT The conference adjourned to next morning. The list of stations has been submitted, subject to'ooirWtiori.'Kving'to b^'reaa^nree~fffieX' JThe Goulburn and Waggadi«tricts are ts^.fol lows :'— Goulburn' Distripti-^Goulburn : George [Martin; one from 'England. Crookwell: Sup jply. Yass : ?Thomas - Northsote! Gunning : iH. Woodhouee. Queanbeyan : Thomas Parker, iWho! shall. Vint IBraidwood every six: weeks! I [Young: John W. Moore. . Mittsgong: Charles pde'n (BowralJ.j Cooma and .Bombala : A. Jones. ' Wagga Distriot :— Wagga':' 0.' Jones, 'junee: J. Parker.' A'deldng:T.''B.''MoMiohael. |Oootamundra: E. W. OrtonV'^Deniliquin: E. Youngman.: .Hay: Fronds J. Ourwood. Narandera : One to be sent. Wentworth : John A. .Jeffreys. ' Corowa : ;,Oandidateir. .Albury,: W.'Weston. ';'.' ' . '% '-????'??-----'? At the Young Distriot Court on Wednesday, the appeal by.Eobert Farrar;' publican, against Mb conviction by the police magistrate under the 87th section of the Licensing Act for per mitting a drunken person to continue on his licensed premises, was heard/, Mr. Pitoairn instructed by Mr. John Bussell, appeared fo*- the appellant.' ? His Honour Judge Forbes1 quashed the conviotion on the ground of the omission of the word ' knowingly,1' and. ho held: also that one drunken person oould not t4 assem ble.' The common-sense duty of the publican, he added, in tho case of a drunken person being on the promises, was to take care of him until he-was sober and not to. turn him out into the street. The Mayor of Adelaide's salary has been' re duced from JEloOO to dE600; -?'??-???? ? A beautiful painting.— Mr. G. (i. Green, of Woodbuty, New Jorsoy, TJ.S.A.; is preaenting' to druggists and others in this country mm. vety\iuiB pictures in oil of^liii mj^nifidentj house and.grouilds and laboratory at. that plaoe. ifr. Greoii-is tbe proprietor of Boschers' German Syrup and Greon's August Flower, twp very valuable medicines, which, are, meotipg. with great favour, the first as a remedy for;Fulmon apy oomplainta, and the latter for Dyspepsia and disorders of the Liver. These preparations' have attained an immense sale solely on their superior merits and are sold' by all 'druggists throughout the world. The price ie the name for eaoh, 3s 6d per bottle, or sample: bottle's for 6d. The sample bottles enable, sufferers to prove, their value at a trifling CoBt.— Adv. . . The Viotorian Bailway Gooamissioners have received.the final reportinreference^to the set tlement of olaims mado upon tho Department by. persons injured in the-,Little .Eivor, Victoria, collision, which took plaioii. ApriL last./ The. total number jOf/olaims made was 47, the whole of whioh have 'beon' settled for the Bum of £22,637 2s lid, or an 'average of £481 per claim. The modioal. expenses, whioh ;_are,fif course, in cluded in the sum mentioned, amounted to the heavy sum of £1084. ' ,' ,' ]\ The Melbourne Telegraph Office is1 now lit by eleotrioity. ... .', , . ' . ' ''' Throat Affeotions and Hoarseness.— All suf fering from irritation of the throat and hoarse ness will be agreeably surprised atj the ' almost iuj^iilasSMjaiitaSd by' thena-gg^rjgwn' Bronohia'l froilos.' These fametwAlozSnges*' are now sola by most respectable chemists in this country aUgJUd_perTbaxL['ipeople troubled with a ',ha1&ig7jf;$£h,', *, '.alight cohL' or suUy^Jj«|g*Blmonary and asthmatio ftflfe ?^fc8^-^5oeJE»4ho words ' Brown's Bronchial Troohes' are ta the Government Stamp Aiund each box. . iPreparediby; John; I.iBrownjp: Sons, BoBton, U.S. European depot removed to 33 Farringdon- rbad. — Adv.. ., ,., ', '! r ''. ' ', ,, ?, -We are told (says the- Sour ke Watchman) of a smart. trick played .by a black gin^upou an. Inspector under thoLIacenmng Ait. Aenspodte* house was visited for the purpose of . searching for grog.' ' The mistress of the'piu'ee/pricked by her guilty oonBoienoe, .ran away at the baok of the premises. Her sable assistant however, equal to the occasion, stoq^jhjijf leaning against the wall with a demijohn of rum between her olotheB, and in reply to enquiries as to 'whe're'the' grog was, sulkily replied,: ''You better yabbor alongamissus out .back.' i. Searching for the. ' missuB' gave the gin time to clear off with the demijohn and: the 'eiibsequeut -eearoh'^rbved ineffectual. The story is good, but we do not vouoh for its truth. ' . Florilinel— For the f Teeth, and jBroath.— A^ few'drops'of the' liquia *' FToriline'JipTinkielr' oo/a wet tythjfcrnsh produces'a PSSSSMMfr yjpgL.lhJjlij^y oloannes the, t^^ltrpmVall [parasites or'impuritice, hardenaiths:gums, pre-. vents tartar, stops decay, gives, to the teeth a peouUar pearly-whiteness, and. a delightful fra grancjgojijp b'jta^i. It rempyosoUunpleasant odou/a^B(|WWf decayed teeth or tobaooo smo/e. 'rOTS'yPant Floriliuo,' beine com posed 'in' patf fr ;honey \' aid;. »w«t.: herV^^ dglicious^to the'l/sfe, and thV groateat toilet dlP: oovery^TlWa^Si Prioe 2s 6d, of all oheyfata and^pJrtume^iOVholoaale'depot remold to :33Farringdon^rolH^t(Jon.— Adv. / The rabbit Black Wednesday in.yito:ria!bai; been fixed for the 11th of February. 'All' shires' 'are to co-operate in the battue] and it is under stood the cost .of their exertions, which they are' not authorised to pay out of the municipal fund; will be recouped them by the State. A Card. — To all. who arosufforing from the. errors' and indiscretions of youth, nyhrous »?ak'-' ne^eXrJy/floojj, loss of manhujCjicV;^wiU eJral^BB^BBSJwiUoureyo'ufffSrof charge. Whis great rtmedywasdiBoovertd by' a mission-' ary inSoUtK Amerioa.' 'Send 'a' selfiaddrossed envanH|%Mixpenoe to prepay postage tothe :B«V^lojJQ^n^,;Stati,oan..D;'^ew!To;k . Papsb isnow' osod ; in , Garmiiiy instead*' ot' wood in the manufacture of lead pencils. . . ,/ki ;A STBEEX'.'^iaiittoerformer, who is very woll r kjjown as|'*I^naB& Joe,' was arrested in Bal 14r|-t lastlwwj otfircharge of drunkenness, and. alia or- athargffjof, having broken the window '^y o'f'a ehop'.-iTOn'Jbeirig searched he was found to jioBaeesa bank deposit receipt of £940, besides . 8*fTsovereigns. 1 1TBE|Fe|eraT MiJstrol-' Company in Sydney lavo. sirudc' a-uew-idoa.- Ladies entering the hall are supplied with a fan. ? v'Habe3 are increasing in a prolifio degree ?HboutTHmbarUmba.-more'etpflcUlly-at Eoso-' wood. i(\r~/-y ,..-? No fewer than* '400 'farr'ikinV are reported to haie BSBBiublnd iu ouemobin Oolh'ngwood on the. 1st instant^ and endeavoured to obstruct the police. tronr doingittioir-'duiylj -Verily, some Tfi^'vd'^8''' mW°'?' ^f. y,ot. oove .to b», The Postmaster-General' has decided that 'supplements of newspapers are not entitled to frpe,-'ttansmi»SbS]'8S, newspapers unless they: I»ar the jmpript of the newspaper publishers, and are lsaued'f roin the Same office ae the news papers. ./;.,, ;| ;,..., ;; .... .,.;.. ^, ^ j At Newcastle, a woman who wan prosecuting her hud»nfl; admitted having said that if she 'survived' her'oon'flneinent'(b'ut she hoped she would not) the would tskethe at present unborn. child.byiU^egs,and.daeh .'J tbs little beggar's ''? brains out. She repeated the threat in court, and added, ' I say so_now.before God and the Bench, and I am on oath. It, will be the best, thing for it if a man like that i» ite father.' :/ IX isetated that it will Shortly be possible for a traveller to walk and ride from Port Darwim to any ol.ttiioties'ol tha , So»th,andeleop almost eVeiry' night under a'roof.' An extrawdiiiary s|atement ' was inade in tho schedule of insolvency of Mr. Edward Peckham EMgg,.a graiierof Name Warren, to the effect that for '£10O which be borrowed from a Mel bourne ? money-lender he now owes, interest amounting to £35^ and for this the insolvent assigned to tha usurer securities valued at ' £3400. ,5i a i s u ij. ... :,;: iFoLLOwnro the lively example of the* shoddy t doth and silk merchants, . wao occasionally perambulate tbeeoui^ry dJstriets, and succeed in making many victims st misplaeed confi dence^ it is understood that , an epidemio of photo, and map publishers is nun on. the war path; and it would :beae.well fotthoBewhoi are solicited to have the canvassers- authenti cated by some w/oil-knowu firm in Syd-uy, and. not simply take their ipa diait. A Farmer named Thomas Smith was bitten on the back of the hand by a black snake at Cowper, Clarence River, last week whilst en gaged at work on the farm burning off rubbish. Having applied a ligature, he experienced no ill effects. He had been bitten previously by a snake, and Dr Hedley, who attended him, states that that fact accounts for his experienc ing no effects, of poisoning. A man named Thomas Moore, who resided in Mopunga, Allansford, when endeavouring to separate a boar from, pigs, was attacked by the brute and severely bitten. While running away from the boar, which pursued him, Moore- suddenly fell dead. A PAETY of woH-intontionedf white- men. undertook (say* the Bundabtrg Mail) to-oontraot to trash eane at Hopewell plantation, Quoons land, a^.'83f-]ierr,aore..-,They atatted fair, anoV work'ea' well for a .day or two, when they threw' up-ihe oontraot,''re'markih'g th'atf»uohi work was |toohot for white .men._Nine_ Chinese took up ;tbo running, but two days of that gam* were enough^fot the Celeatials/jinJJbjjjijr^^referredl . „.. ? making' caue-holoB at 2s per . huodtsd, the- cheapest rate, yet paid; the lowest hitherto being; from 3a to 3s 3d per hundred.. If sun-tanned colonials and warmth-loving Ohinese draw the. 'v' line at trashing, how can the suggested foreign labourers be expected to undertake, or at all pvonta to acoomplish, this work I , '.. . , 