SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. RACING. Comparing over the Caulfield Cup is appointed for Thurs- day St john another p omment Caulfield Cup horse was struck out yesterday afternoon at 2 p m The son of Conrad had the worst of a gallop with Country 105 in the morning Clarendon and Caima were scratched for the Melbourne Cup yesterday The following horses were struck out of the Caulfield Cup 5 yesterday -Hurr cane Clarendon Metal Lady Claudia St. John Waverley Hippogriff Joanna Tempe Wing Arsenal St Oddie Hobart 1 bony Eagle Grange Vanguard and Liverpool There are now 47 left in but as a large proportion of them are very improbable Starters the hold will be about the same as last year from 25 to a Impulse and Devotion arrived at Fleming ton yesterday from a Wagga Wagga. fire following V A F C. scratchings were Soste 1 yesterday - Prophetess filly Pot one's EJ til and telephone out of the Nursery Handicap Isonomy Fernie 1 years Touche and Honeycomb out of the Windsor Handicap Royal Maid Vanderbilt and 1 aulttinder out of the Second Hurdle Race , inchoate Moonshee and Claudius out of all cut, agements Mr Bon 1 the secretary of the Victoria amateur Turf Club has made arrangements with Mr John Whiteman to provide a start of competent farriers for Saturday s racing at Caulfield. Owners of horses will not be called upon to pay for the services of the farriers the V AT C committee having de- termined to defray the expenses No black smith will be permitted to ply his avocation on the course without written authority from Mr Bond The general entries for the approaching spring meeting of the Victoria Racing Club compare most favourably with last years figures in the aggregate The Melbourne Stakes has 27 against 18 last year and the Hotham Handicap 4½ instead of 25 The Railway Stakes has 20 or 6 more whilst the Royal park Stakes with 20 entries shows an increaseth I he Veteran Stakes hasalsobeen liberally patronised the figures being 68 111 place of last years ski nor is the V R.C Han heap any further behind 61 having entered against 38 The Steeplechase exhibits an increase of four and the Canterbury Plate nine whilst the Free Handicap shows 81 against 76 and the Selling Race is augmented by half a dozen entries. On the other hand the Coburg Stakes has 10 least the Hurdle Race seven the tan lean States 10 the Flying Stakes 11 the Flemington Stakes live and the Kensington Stakes 13 fewer the New Nursery Hair cup has the encouraging entry of 41 but the experiment of a weight-for-age 1 order race and steeplechase has not been a success for which the Agent in one and Denmark in the other are doubtless account able There are only 10 in the Hurdle Race and eight in the Steeplechase. The total in ere use is 102. Messrs W C Guille and Co will sell the following racehorses on 1 n lay at Tattersall s Binar, Stephen street the property of the hon T Reibey -Wv ment 3 yrs by Manuka -The Kitten Kitawa 5 yrs by Manuka Aurora Hawthorn 4 yrs by Kelp c-The thorn. The foregoing are Mr Reibey third annual consignment. The first were Malula and Stockwell and the second Coronet an 1 Enchanter facts which speak for them selves. little BETTING MARKET There was quite a lull in betting circles yesterday. Tom Brown being the only line of moment for the Caulfield Cup at 100 to 7 and 100 to 8. Lord Exeter was under a cloud thunderbolt for the Derby has good business down to 6 to 4 the others then being 7 to 1 bar two Some watering was done in the double of the Derby and the Melbourne Cup at 1 000 to 10 Thunderbolt and First Chester being the former selections. In the evening at the Victorian Rooms a little life was thrown into the dulness by the long prices offered against outsiders for theCiulheldl/Up Mr Joseph Thompson H as the principal operator as he laid 5,000 to say against Anglesey in two wagers and 1 000 to 10 Hilltop Several others were offered at the same liberal prices. The following represents the state of the market - CAULFIELD CUP 100 to 8 agst Prince Imperial (tk and off) 100 - 8 Torn Brown (off) 100 - 7 Velocipede (off) 0 - I Winchester (wd) 20 - Gratitude (tk and off) 20 - Welcome Jack (oO) 20 - Lord Exeter (off) 20 - Blink Bonny, (off) 20 - Lord Wilton (off) 20 - 1 - Claptrap (off) 22 - St. Lawrence (off) 25 - Plausible (off) 21 - Despot (off) £5 - 1 - Country boy (off) W - Madcap (off) 83 - Marie Louise (off) 83 - Mozart (off) 83 - Grace Darling. (off) SO - 1 The Israelite (off) 60 - Lantern (off) 60 - impulse (of!) 100 - Hilltop (tk) 200 - Anglesey (in and wd) V B.C. DEttUT 4 to 1 agst Nordenfelt (off) 0 - Thunderbolt (tk) 7 - First Chesterton) 7 - 1 Isonomy (off a to 1 wdL MELBOURNE CUP 14 to 1 agst Trenton (to a d off) 14 - 1 Liverpool (tk and off) 14 - Nordenfelt (off) 16 - Lord Exeter (off) in - Sheet Anchor (to) 20 - Honey dew (off) 20-1-1 run of Imperial (off) 26 - 1 - Sardlus(ott) 25 - Tom Brown (of) 26 - Cerise and Blue (off) 85 - Brown and Rose (tk and off). VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB SPRING MI ETING SECOND DAY -SATURDAY, OCT 17 The following acceptances were declared yesterday - THE CAULFIELD CUP Oil 600SOM lOOOsovi to the second and Co and a half st lb Welcome Jack 1) 4 Saddle 0 2 Blink Bonny S S T m Brown 8 7 Mozart 8.0 Madcip 8 2 Lord Wilton 8 i Coriolanus 8 2 I am Ick 8.0 Dirk Hatteraick 8.0 Plausible 7-12 The Issue Ito 7 12 Anglesey (includ toe, 7lb penalty) 7-12 Archie 7 14 St. Lawrence 7 li Grace Darling 7.10 Gratitude 7 8 Lantern 7 7 Hilltop 7 7 Despot 7 7 1 Prince Imperial (including 7lb penalty) 7 7 5 velocipede 7 7 Impulse 7 9 st lb Sijior 7 6 Brown and Rose 7 6 Country Boy 7 6 Claptrap 7.3 Britisher 7 8 Marie Louise 7 2 Tara era 7 2 Lord Exeter 7 2 Thakombau 7 0 LcnnoY 7 0 Luck) left 0 12 Minerva 0 10 Real Jam 6.30 Black Diamond 0 0 W Lanchester (late Manchester) 6 0 Sirocco 0 8 Lesbia 0 7 Mslon -06 Forlorn Hope 0 4 Fellow Hammer 0 4 Tooloo 0 4 Sarah 0 4 THE WILLIAMSTOWN HANDICAP The following horses remain in the Williamstown Handicap to be run on Monday, November 9 at the Prince of Wales Birthday meeting of the club Nominations for the other races at the meeting will be received on Monday next the bath mat - st lb. 8-13 Chuckster 8 18 Israelite 8-12 Certain ms 8-12 The Ghost 8.10 Bathurst 8.10 V velocipede 8.0 Country Boy 3 2 Ringmaster 3 1 Allander 8.0 Signor 8.0 The Andes 8.0 The Chanter 7 12 Lamington 7 11 Bohemian 7 8 Lucky Hit 7 8 Black Diamond 7 8 Jocular 7 7 ThoBty 7 7 Era 7 7 Norman ' 6 Uncas 7 4 Mentmore 7.2 st. lb Derision 7 2 Sirocco 7 1 Merrimu 7 0 Forlorn Hope 7 0 Mrs Cara 7 0 St Odille 6-12 Yellow Hammer 0 12 Sedition 0 12 Egbert 0 12 Ambassadress 6 12 Rebus 0 12 Footman 0 11 Parwan 0 10 Nuncio "09 Impulse (1 8 Sarah 0 7 Gipsy VI anning 0 7 Sister Unice 0 7 Walhalla a 7 Tissue 0 7 Ebony 0 4 Mrs. Jarloy 0 0 Baron Keoku 00 ELSTERNWICK PARK RACES The autumn meeting under the auspices of the Victorian Trotting Club takes place to day, and will no doubt b largely attended, seeing that so man. intercolonial visitors are in town There is a lone, programme to be got through commencing at 1 o'clock with the first Australian Trotting Sires Produce Stakes best two of three mile heats, the succeeding events are the Hurdle Race, Ladies Trophy Open Steeplechase Selling Flat Race 9 Elsternwick park Handicap concluding at half-past 5 with a Maiden Trot. The course is in good order and the fields may consequently be anticipated to reach the usual Elsternwick strength Trains run every 20 minutes from Flinders street to Elsternwick, and return as frequently FLEMINGTON TRAINING NOTES. TUESDAY The sand track showed very slight improvement after the heavy rain and strong work was therefore the exception this morning whilst the tan fired cinders were necessarily freely utilised Middle march and Russia were the first out and went a fast mile Lantern ran a round and was brought home by Trojan whilst Sardius and Stonobroko did three quarter pace work followed in the same way by Gratitude and Prince Imperial Honeycomb at d Remus rattled along seven furlongs whilst Anchor race Moonshee The Israelite and SIKI or were restricted easy work 1 Trenton was sent a couple of useful rounds and Tom Brown came home of st, student had good strong work and Kit Nubbles sweated Nordenfelt, Acme 1 h lip AugustUs Tamerlsk Brigantine Monte Christo Percussion, Despot and forego all worked moderately Off Colour First Prince, and Lucky Hit were not asked to do much whilst Hlngniostor went half pace on the sun, Even the Marchioness all, and Waiting Maid are busily engaged on the outer track. Cluster and Anarchy worked midday on the sand Torpcia and Luv mitton here on the cinders the latter joining the last half mile of a mile and a half. Hawthorn was likewise given good work, and Models lin- and Lara did the same, whilst Plausible went a strong "-gallop St Laurence and Fair Helen worked together, and were led home by scaramouche. His tiller went steadily and \ comans took Trickett three times round the cinders, Student and Mineral followings in'crvtN stationer did the same work-, and then VV Micheli a and Thumierbo t galloped six for long strong northern I I liverpool On less, and Van guard went slow to Kelly or and All Mack exercised in their clothing, and stornaway sweated on the sand, Bathurst being.' relegated to the sand The following peri mel unimportant work inside the house - Harmony, it miller, Doncaster, Chatsworth, Denmark Per lines, but Welcome Jack, Acolyte, Genoa, Four Mai I, and Lesbia did a fast mile on the Kimo track After breakfast, Highlander an! Jo uhr were sent a last mile on the sand, and St. John, with Country Boy, ran round the outside of the grass track on the course in presumable excellent time Couiitn lies optician is to have much the best of the argument at all events st John wassorotched for the Caulfield Cup during the afternoon. The Agent and Agitation went twice over the schooling hurdles, and the mare tell at the list Jump but one, Flannagan, however, became none the worse, During the afternoon there were a far good (gallops. St Odille doing six furlongs inside the course, where Doncaster and W C went a strong half mile On the sand track The Pencil after contain.', galloped a strong mile in fine style, whilst Itln.'inuter did a mile at three parts speed Off Colour and First Prince went once round flat, and then Honeydew and Lord Exeter started from the mile and a half post, and over took Trenton six furlongs from home when the two raced In company lionel dew and trenton UnUhoel together, whilst Lord t veter was beaten off Coronet went a strong round, as also Tom Brown and Prince Imperial Yellow Jack and Cro store galloped a fast half mile, and leavenworth put in a couple of strong rounds. Nordenfelt and Despot went twice round, the last half mile fast. The Derby colt galloped in a kinder way than usual, and did not require any justice or along CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. TOLD A. Unlike at Flemington, trainers experienced no interference at Caulfield this morning. The Inside ground of the running track was thrown open, with the result that there was a round of gallops by Caulfield Cup candidates. The going was somewhat holding, but some very good work was done Vision and Real Jam went strongly) over a mile and a half Velocipede started off for a fast mile and a quarter, and was joined at the half-mile post by General! Gordon, who stuck well to him during that distance Blink Bonny (piloted by Robertson) and Hippogriff spurted over three furlongs, when they sluiced to the mile and a half post and went the Cup Jourtioj, the last seven furlong of which was participated in by General Jackson The mare seemed a little distressed on pulling up, Grace Darling, after cantering once round I, repeat! the Journey fast Too Too, also, after a preliminary, went the Cup distance at her very best, doing a mile and a quarter In 2in 10s, the fastest of the morning. Mozart can tried, and wound up his work at little more than half pace kingship galloped a mile strongly, and Orlando, Gastiurncr and Sparkle did a fast five furlongs, whilst Gasalier went twice round at half speed I'arodj galloped over a mile, and Don Giovanni, with Beelzebub, spurted four furlongs, being succeeded by Lord Chancellor Lady Ashton did some good work, and Primus galloped half a mile I motto, Mossiface, Gold Top, and Lando all did useful work whilst St Ella and Master John exercised hobby, followed by Linbcrto galloped about a mile Master Pinetop strode twice round Ellwood and Boadicea each started slowly, and wound up with a last half mile, Clclia and Land League being similarly treated Camerino and Manxman worked slowly, and then the latter was sent a fast five furlongs Nuncio, Bonni Hell, and Sale went a fast half mile, whilst Melodious, Louisa Berta and Here Goes galloped five furlongs Sol eral other horses were out exercising freeze out, in the course of the morning, was schooling over the hurdles, and tiring he blundered at the last Jump, coming down and li long for some minutes. Gardiner, who wait on him, escaped unhurt. SYDNEY SPORTING NOTES. BY SPECIAL WIRE.] (FROM OUR COIIKESPOSÍDEÍIT.) SYDNEY. TUESDAY. Cerise and Blue, Phaon, Halcyon, and My Lady left with the Warwick Farm horses, Warwick and Brown and Rose, on Monday night. Wanda, Iago, and First Chester leave to-night, and on Wednesday Chesham, Blairgowrie, and Fernandez leave to fulfil their Victorian engagements. Winchester has been supported for the Caulfield Cup at 100 to (J, and Tom Brown at the same price. For the Derby Thunderbolt was inquired about at 100 to 12. Matchlock is again in work at Randwick. The course looks splendid since Monday's rain. The widow of the late Mr J. D. Hamilton was to day handed nearly £150, as the result of the subscription raised in her behalf. PIGE0N-SHO01TNG. HURLINGHAM GROUNDS On Tuesday, at these grounds, the Hurlingham Handicap was the principal attraction. The conditions were nine birds, and the first prlzowasJ5 sOVS ; second 10 sons, and third 5 sons Messrs. Blicnelt (Ballarat) and Sinclair tied with eight kills each, and on shooting off the former won on the second bird, Several sweepstakes followed, and were won by Messrs. J. G Smith, Grimwood, theringham, and Stephenson. The following are the scores for the handicap . Mr. Bignell, 23 yd.1,1,1,1,1,1,1,0,1-8 Mr. sinclair, 25yds .... 1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,0-8 Mr. T Sourrj, 50yds .... 1,1,1,1,1,1,0,1,0-7 Mr. R. Mariner, 23 yds .... 1,1,1,1,1,0,1,1,0-7 Mr. J. C Smith, 23 yds .... 1,1,0,1,1,1,1,1,0-7 Mr. R. Sutton, 25yds .... 1,1,1,1,1,1,1,0,0-7 Mr. L. Grimwood, 20 yds .. 1,1,1,0,1,1,1,0 K Mr. J. Stephenson, 24 Jds .. 1.0,0,1,1,1,0 It Mr. H. Thompson, 20 j ds .. 0,1,0,1,1,1,0 11 Mr. J. Sheldon, 20yds .... 1,1,0,1,1,0 It Mr. Evlnlngham, 25 yds.. .. 1,0,0,11 Mr. Stubbings, 23 yds ... 1,1.0,1,1,1,0 It There will be the usual shooting on Friday for sweepstakes, open to all comers, commencing at noon. CRICKET. A match, Wanderers v. Prahran Trades, will be played at Caulfield to morrow. The Wanderers will be picked from the following J King (captain), It. Batt, Q. Smith, J. Roberts, W Ham see, li. Sutton, J, Worrall, P. O. M'^hano, li. Houston, V. Greenwood, IL Wilson, J. Buchanan, T. Anderson, W. Nodrum, W. Logan, S. Coleman, B. J. Cooper!, J. Stratford. LAWN TENNIS DOUBLE HANDED CHAMPIONSHIP MATCHES. The matches for the Ladies' Double Championship were commenced on Saturday, on the courts of the M. C. C. The weather during the ladies' matches was fine, but during the whole of the gentlemen's matches rain fell incessantly. and presented a good display of the game The following were the results Ladies' Doubles Championship -Misses Furnell and Patterson beat Misses Maguire and Donn) s by 15 games to 12, Misses A'Beckett and Mr. he beat Misses Brunton and Hetherington by 15 Raines to 14 Gentlemen's Doubles. Messrs Raleigh and Dunsford beat Messrs. McArthur and V Weigall by 25 games to 10, Messrs Webb and Highett beat Messrs Bartram and Martin by 25 games to 22. Messrs Moule and Herrin? beat Messrs Mitchell and Smith by 28) games to 20 Messrs Riddell and Coldham beat Messrs. Godfrey and Sorby by 26 games to 16 The final set for the Ladies' Double-handed Championship was played yesterday the M C a courts between the Misses Lydiard and Wilson and the Misses Paterson and burnell, the former winning by Is trains to 8. The match was a most interesting one. The play. at the commencement was very even but the winners play. off with great judgment In returning the ball to their weakest opponents, and thus eventually winning easy. Miss Birrell played very well, making very accurate returns, as also did Miss Wilson. The Misses Lydiard and Paterson also played brilliant!., the feature of their play being good serving and placing of the balls The winners each receive a trophy value £4 4s. The following is the result of the matches played for the gentlemen's double championship Messrs Riddell and Coldham beat Messrs. Raleigh and Dunsford by 25 to 16; Messrs. Highett and Webb beat Messrs. Moule and Herring by 25 to 18 The final match will be played this day at half past 2 between Messrs. Riddell and Coldham and Messrs. Highett and Webb, SPORTING TELEGRAMS. (FROM OUR CouitEsroNDExia.) ALBURY, TUESDAY. The following racehorses arrived at Albury from Sydney to-day, and were accommodated in Mr George Carter s stables, viz.: Brown and Rose, Warwick, Phaon, My Lady, Cerise and Blue, andUalc>on. They go on to Melbourne by the early ordinary train on Wednesday. WAGGA, TUESDAY. In connexion with the spring meeting of the Murrumbidgee Turf Club, it is notified that all the forfeits for the Gold Cup and Grand-stand Handicap will be declared on Wednesday afternoon, at 4 o'clock. 