ECHOES OP MELBOURNE (By The Ghost.) : The Victorian community have, on more 'than one occasion, had reason to thank Heaven there was an Upper House to re view the decisions of the Assembly. The Ijoot is apparently about to be transferred to the other leg, and honest people may 3iave to thank their lucky stars we have an Assembly to keep tho Council in check. 'The measure entitled tho Bills of Lading Act may shortly be described as an act 'passed for the purpose of legalising fraud, lit provides that captains of vessels shall bo ?empowered to sign bills of lading for goods ?not actually under their control ; fraudu lent receipts, which are to enable the mer chants in wbose warehouses the goods may Tbe lying, to obtain advances from the banks lpreviously to their shipment. To Mr. ?James Balfour, who has been hitherto looked up to as the embodiment of morality, ;and ranks high in the Presbyterian saintly ?calendar, is the chief credit of passing the bill due. In the interests of common honesty and fair .dealing, it is to be hoped -the. Assemlbly will make short work of the Hearn- cumrBalfour legislative bantling, ?directly, it is presented to their notice. The prevailing practice may be, and no doubt ;is, common. But, because a decidedly illegal state of affairs, has hitherto existed, and has been winked at by ' merchants, 'bankers, and others,' there is no reason ?why, a manifest fraud should be legalised. ?If the public were at all disposed' to be surprised at anything done by tho Presby 'terian Assembly of Victoria, there would ?assuredly be exhibited some little astonish ment; .at the resolution arrived at a few days since to raise a 'jubilee ' fund during' the present year. A period during which a ohurch is undergoing a process of disrup tion is hardly the most fitting time to select 'for asking its adherents' to open their hearts and their purses. The selection also as 'treasurer of so violent a partisan as the TRe-v. D. M'Eachern' has shown himself to be during the whole' of the Scots. Church controversy, is hardly a judicious one. People all the world over, even if they do not happen to hail from the 'land of mountain and of flood,'. are always but too' iready to jump at any excuse for buttoning up their pockets. The duties of treasurer .are not likely to prove of a very onerous nature. ; ?.'.-? ?.???. With large portions of the Australian continent still unexplored, it is assuredly somewhatstrangethatapropositiontofitout anexpedition for the purpose of visiting the Antarctic regions should receive' support. Yet there are numbers of people who are in ? possession of all their senses, who' are desirous of sending a vessel fully equipped, and prepared to undertake the voyage to the unknown great southern land, and penetrate to the South Pole. Supposing the expedition to be successful in carrying out the idea of its projectors, the addition; to the world's geographical knowledge will hardly justify the outlay to lie incurred, and no possible commercial advantages can accrue to any one, as a result of the undertaking. But for one significant fact, it might possibly be sur mised that the idea' of such an aimless and: profitless journey was the emanation- of some diseased brain. But the advocates of this newest South Sea bubble give ample evidence of their perfect sanity by declin ing to go themselves, and sending others in search of glory and frost-bitten limbs to the icy regions of Ederby's Land, ''.?''' November 30. ' r ? ...'.'' 