A TRUE GHOST STORY. (BY L. M.) "Do I believe in ghosts "' cried Mr. Flooter pusher, our village oracle and bootmaker. "Yes, I do. Listen, and I'll tell you-about one I saw the other night. It's different from most ghost stories, as it is perfectly true. " You know Mr. Fullen, who lives over at the mill Well, he wanted his new welling tons badly; he must have 'em, for he was off to Melbourne next morning early with a load of pigs. I worked at the boots till about eleven o'clock. The wife says, Peter, you can't go. over to mill this night, it's a raining cats and dogs and fiatirons ! I must go, Eliza; and away I goes, after I had put on my cloak. It was a long walk, and I often wished myself back again. I reached the mill at last, wet through to my skin. Mr. Fullen gave me a drop of something penetrating, and kept me yarning till it was after twelve. The night was then darker and thicker than when I left home, and big drops of rain were falling. I walked on quickly, trying hard not to think of some thing Mr. Fullen had been reading out of a home paper about a young woman what had gone mad, murdered her baby, and, rushed through the streets of Nottingham gnawing the skull of the child, and with the fingers and toes of the baby tied to her hair. I couldn't help but run, for I wanted to get past that place, you know it, where two men -one a suicide, the other -a minister-are buried. There's a blue flame can be seen there at times, among the big gums and she oaks between the graves and Mr. Fullen's. The rain had cleared off a good deal, but the night seemed to have got blacker, and there was a little lightning sometimes. The breeze moaned, and the loose bits.of bark flapped about in the wind just like skinny figures cracking their fingers with joy at the chance of entrapping me. Fifty times I almost shrieked, for I fancied I saw the child-murderer dashing past the horrid white gums. There's a fence running at the end of the timber in a line with the fence of the graves. I was nearing this fence when all at once I stood still without knowing that I did so. I stared and stopped breathing. I felt my hair gradually lifting my hat up; the perspiration ran off my forehead down my nose and cheeks; then my breath came in gasps; my teeth went chatter, chatter, chatter ; my knees trembled; my eyes started. There, right in front, leaning over the top rail of the fence was a white thing with flashing eyes and two long arms waving back wards and forwards; I could hear chuuap, chump, chump, as it sucked its lips in, and smacked its tongue against its toothless gums and, the roof of its mouth. It began to advance slowly ; off went my hat; my hair, I/assure you, on my solemn oath, stood up straight, like one of those here bristles I use with the wax end. Thinks I, 'Ill die hard, anyway; no Flooterpusher ever gave in with out a squeak for it ! So I gradually stooped down, bending my shaking legs, and felt about for a stone; my fingers clutched a heap of leaves, then a bit of wood; I caught hold of anything without knowing what I was doing, and my eyes could not turn away from the horrid white thing comning closer and closer, about to seize me. Says L aloud ! I ain't done nothing to you, whoever you are; I ain't been a very wicked man; no wiekeder than hundreds of others; I always ring the bell at church; why do you come for me? Still it came on'and on, flashing its eyes, waving its skinny, shiny arms, sucking its lips and cheeks. At last I got a stone about the size of this 'ere paste pot; I straightened my shaking, legs, took a long breath, clenched my chattering teeth, and flung the stone, with all my might at the hideous white object, and fell face down wards full length on the track. The figure gave a snort, and moved slowly away. The moon shlone: out, and, much to my relief, as well as disgust, I. saw that the ghost was Mr, Rumfray's old white mule Jerry. 9 