..BROK1 E\: ' 4r LAST. c CAITr. I, . ' So it has by it- owner,' repl'id the old man, but a stranger tenants it.' , What kind of person isr hi?' ' A dangerous main. Tlhe whole country side lear and yet respect hins Ie . slls himself Doctor LTcy ;'mein say he holds in tercomrse with tile dead. ? Certain it is' that he. performs stratige cres-frequetitiy suc-' ceeds where others fail, lie has thwatered ome more .than once or twice" he added. ' I should have thought that' danigeroius,' "observed hislhearer'. 'It might have been in ally other,' re plied the gipsy, angarily ; but I care nriot to cross his path. He must lie a- bold man to " reside there. The ho]use is haunted. 'Stuffl' said his visitor. ' Do you believe in such folly ? The only ghosts are * the recollections of the past.' - 'Seeing is believing,' muttered Keelati, shaking his ioad.' I was as incredulous my self, till I beheld the White Lady and her shadow. : * The what.?' ' The'white La ly and her shaidow, repeated the old man. 'A contrivance,' said Sir Aubrey to pre vent the neighbours from prying into his pro ceedings. VWhat sort of a place is tie hall?' S' A queer mansion-luall of passages as a rabbit-warren-secret entrances and cham hers contrived in troublous times.' I kuowsit well, and -' ' Could gain access to it at any time?' eag erly interrupted his hearer. ' Yes.' ' One bold effort and the fifty shall be made.a ,hundred,' exclaimed' the baronet, struck by asudden idea. '.Heir inyplan.' Keelan sea ed himself lniio the chest, and listened at first with all expression of careless indifference ; gradually he became interested at, last his hesitation 'dissapeared?-the scheme struck him as practicable. . ' We can but try it,' lie said ;' w3 can but try it.' SIt must' be at once, theni,' urged the tempter, looking at his watch: ' It is two hours past midnight already.' The giisy nodded'isseut, naid they quitted the tent together. SWe'must ow return to the tivo runaways, who we left in the long" dissed chamber in Rockingham Hall. Tired' at last of gazing upon the portrait Oliver Brandreth had fallen into a. feverish sleep,. broken ; by horrible dreams, which caused 'him several times to start up with a cry of terror. .At one :moment he fancied Iimsel conteuiting'.iththo ssrunffiaans ino:th \--"barn.t5he shrelts of t ?,, r eoan nrilt 'er.in.ig in his'ears ; at another the man had wotinded appeared standing over himi menacingly with t knife. It was no wonder, therefore, that when he woke the excited boy; envied his compniuiiion reposing tranquilly by his side, iheprayed for morning. r Thank heaven !'. lie nurmlured as lihe started for the third or fourth timeofrom his uneasyj slumber, and- saw that tilhe first- faint streak of dawn had penetrated the dusky windoiws; 'it will soon be day. I shall not try to sleep again.. What a night,' he added; what mannadveiture.' His .thoughts once more reverted to the portrait, and he turned his eyes inu the' di-' rection where it hung, but the firehad long since burnt dons to a spark and he could only just distiuguish a faint outline of the frame. . ' It will be lighter soon,' he thought, 'and then I shall be able to see it.' He next begani to reflect uponu the'singu lar conduct of the lad who had coilducted him to the room on the preceding night the, kiid manner of his host, .the female 'and her child, and one recollectionl chased another till his brain felt sfuhlsed.by the variety of image lihe had counjured up, Whilst thus musing, a .creakini sound, 'like the closing of a door, attracted his at tention ; he turned his head ad "loleheld a sight that chilled his young heart "with ter.-: ror. At first he thought he must be sleeping, He wonld have given the world for strengtc l to utter a single cry ; a spell was oil his lips '-he onld not utter a word, or move, scareely breathe.. \- A female, dressed in white, tall and veiled, jglidedclosely aseertaiued followed by a figure ,enveloped in a blaek umautle or cloak, and both disappeared in the' recess which con tained the bed. \--.Oliver felt that it was no delusion, so trick of imagination, but a, horrible reality, As the visi-n vanished from his -sight, he sank back senseless upon his pillow. When he recovered, the rays of the 'morn ing sun illauionated the room. At first he ' fancied he-meet have been dreaming. It was real,' he ntaeullred,as every circum stance recurred to his mind. ' I shall never forget if were I to live to an hatdlred years we must quit this haunted abode. .ainell go mad if Iremain here. I can't breathepr .hink.hero Phil I Phil ! it is time to be stir Why, Oliver. how pale you look !' exclaim ed his compauion, who had all this while Shad been sleeping sounuly I ' yon are ill?' ' Yes-no; that is, not very ll,' replied .-the agitated boy, heroically resolved ak any eaost not to to betray the canouse of his terror to his friend. ' Dress yourself quietly-we sanst beool. . Withot leave.taking ' - .Won't that appear ungrateful ?' ' Cant help it. Better that thait-n ' Than what?' said Philip llandford,soeci? that he hesitated. ' Thu boing ovartak?un by D.mby, or. one oL.tlis uaher;,' i,- wea'ol Oliver Braudretht c;-onvincetd th?t tlie expl.nation would s'stisfy his eofupanlon ;? 'Besides,' he' added, ' we e- id.writ anud $?lrlsl him when we reach loom.' - Sisooiner were. the supsakst: dreCssed tsan Ly t c-e?pt ca eiou.sly doyn thest'airaasH,.and "lfounid t enaselive in th~e:reat hall. . T-he dosrs were , licked .anl-ithe ly re sioedl ; ;i rcditeru 5 e':cLiincld I'hmil e duisond 1 " ?hey" nulistdo d ,i org thin fassli, ~|le douor ,t? ddtaini me htri against my will,' said his comlianion, awhos: eourage begsnm to revive. ' Ihat rai ws ol4' He tlp ourseh dlV 'answered Olirer, reso SIantely ' .You rmeinher tiie fale ?' .. .Oni returiug it the chamnber the' s iekeltr began to illuistrate his messing by "cutting the cords away fromn th- hbad, These -_he lkniotted tgethIrI till they were of sui,. "cient length to .reach the grouimd from the windhuww.: To tit their strength h'e descen. d: ed.first, aind soon lad the. satisfaotion of res e his dseboolfellow ind friendsafay li Thank bhaven, wchave left that"den of te ar.' . , :I`m sure it is mtuch better- than passing the nighlt in th' ulnrn;' ;obsercd Philip Blanldfor. r Donl't yu think so?' SNo' 6 es that is, I sciarcely' know:what I ani saiug. Let ns start at. once.' SWhich way ? '-' ?iy way that takes us from Rlockingham Hall,' answered Oliver 'Brandret, , itli a shudder.: - .:' "Nearly two honrshad elapsed'from the de prirture of theifugitives whenthe remaininig inmateeofthe hall were roused from their sleep by a succession of piercing cries,which' issued from thechamber where the rescued ladyaind her infanit hadil spent the 'nighlt. Thd old housekeelier an i her master were the first who enteredl the room to 'ascertain the cause;, My' chill ?' exclaimcd the woman, wildly as soei as she ]hheld them' ; give" me hack my child--iiy darling Annie!' ":;: . 'oomir child ? repeated her host, witl un affected surprise. '. She is md.' obs2rved Mary Daws; whose naturally queroloas temper was anything but improved by beiugdisturbed f-moi her bed be fore the usual time. ' This comes of giving shelti;r to such agransts. I thought no goid would ' "Silence,' interrupted; .Herbert "Lacy, sternly. : -' . ' Restore her to me.' said the" wandereir. graspitig hini by the arm,ant gazitig piteous.' ly iulis face.. She is the only living thiug.: in thdworld lwho- loves i:he-the light, the busrcur. th jy of iny cxistenice-the tiethat F, tells iiiy-lia:'r.it stillt is l'lmin.?i Pity `a't' niother's rigony.' I cinmot live withounther. We have never injured you-0you cannot be: so cruel as to iart us. I harve only teais to offer--tears are many prayers; VWere shle ; but here to' plead for me, her innocent smile might disran the malice of a fiend,' :she aded. * Annie, my child ' Sobs choked her utterance, and she Wept bitterly. So incoherent were. lier words that some time elapsed before the eoctor clearly com-: preleinded the cause of her" frautic sorrow. The unihnpipy mother, it -appeared, ,coni fiding in the protection of his roof, retired' to rest without suspicion - or :uneasiness at' not discovering any fastening to the door of her chamber, and, overcome by fatigue' and excitenient, slept soundly till the morning. When she awoke' her child was gone. ' You alarm yourself necessarily,' obeser ved her hlost,'in a soothing tone. 'No vio lence can have been perpetrated in my house. ' The inrfant, doubtless crept' from the' room , whilst you slept, and has lost herself in the intricate corridors'of the old mansion. ' , i No ? no ?' cried the woman,. despair ingly, ' ?Myenminy has fond mes ?' , What enemy ?' isked Herbert Lacy. *' ' Thlebeadle, or 'the constable, I should say,' muttered the honsekeepl.r,r;ith a tosseof her head. ". - Probably.- she might have indulged' in a suecession of 'similar remarks had not"'a glaunce frm her master restraine.d. The boy Sparkes was summoned, and a genernl searchl'took place.?. All -the "outer doors of the hall were locked asid barred. The apartments including those which had long bcrn disused, were visitsd, but not, the slightest , trace of the child could be discovered. ': 'This is most mysterious!' exclaimed the gentleman. 'I can neither understand the crime nor its motive. Every room: has been examined.' ' Except the one at the end of the cedar gallery inu which the two younuggentleman slept,' observed Jim.. In the confusion iind excitemcnt cauised by the alarm, the doctor had forgotten Oliver and his companion.. 'T'he ungratefulyoung rascals ?' he said, on:entering their chamber, -whlerl the open wi.imvle; d oitlanu s til e ions.eron"em it,-'e- - plsi uel ithe-mamnnu'rof" t.oiri siaht-'iPui't.., - horse Lo,'he added hastily; ' I must follow them ' Jim hastened to e.ecute h. is orders.. Tlhere was a smile of satisfaction in this sicklyfeatnres is le limped :down-the great shtairc.se, probably it the idea of his master having been taken in, as he supposed, by the youths lie had treated so kindly.. 'I would nt.i have plahyed him such a trick,' he muttered to hunimself, I would have. died first; and - yet lie never shouok himids with me. But then I amn a, cripple, and came from the poorhounse,' he added, bitterly,' and they are gentlison?a's ous.' It was a thousand pities that the heart ofichouldbe thus hardening for lack of.a bhoy snmlpathy. or being understood. .. SH-erbert Lacy for. a few minutes appeared birind in lprofound tholglhlt. . , Inmpossible! iinpossible "' ,lie suddenly exilaimed. _-. -Then, as if not thoroughly satisfied, with the conclusionb ho had arrived at, ~: ho rc fleeted again., With a ,deliberate, step hie quitted .the. chamnber and walkinga to to the eld "of 'the cedar gallery, entered a small cabinet,-sitnua ted in one of the ingles of a mansion, locking thio the door carefully after him. ,Nearly .an hour elapsed before he made made his appearance on the lawn, 'where the horse and gig were waiting. '-Tell Daws to tell the woman that I will sponl?le bacnrivitl! tidings of her child,' he la 4 as he I)ro'e off ata rapid pace. uim Sparkee 190bed?piStfuily after him, A kind thought e?o eve?yoee but me,' he murmured. 'I wonder ho- boys (eel "??iq have fathers and mothers to care for them. Better than I do,' he added, with a sigh? Sbetter thnl do. Master spohis trusly-mu; nature is evil. I am envious, discontented, *lthough lie took me from the poorhouse, heFacy.o lpy illusedme. I don't wish to be evil, bqt eai'( hl?p it. God made me so, I suppose.' This last supposition was an eorrir utq which huudreds have fallen, We are most of what education;, eircumstances, nud, above all. hoi e intluences have made us. - Although Lacy pulled up at every pasi senger he met, to inquire whether they had passed two yonths, whose appearance he de geribed, he had nearly arrived at Lincoln be. ore ril;tsining any satisfactory information. 'Wor one 4mrc ~tnd t'atlCer fair?' demanded th mauudlie'af.n rooh-ssii, c jluti..i-.l .se t whom he put he put the quetti. " ' Yes.' 'And well dressed ?' - ""Yes.' J t be naore nor twvo I ourle at 'the'least,. since they" paaed," s'p4u t(1l i h. ' ? I"hadd just opened the shutters. 'The -bigget .boy wanted my missus to lethis-eompanion have somemilk; bat 'the pigs 'have" all 'we:have to spare' That's how I noticed that the dark 'nu wor sickly like. HIc :ould'nt drink bioer.' :' hera' they alone 'demauded the gentle man eageiy: ' N; they war togetiue. " ' I mean, had they y oneai with then e 4 child-little girl-btween two and three yearsof age ?' The landlord shook ,his head in the iega ' You are cert:ain.' ' Qdite., sail his informaut; "for I. stooe rI ,l atclh!I them whilst I smoked nmy pipe aln the qji?sj. had lit the tap room fire. They hadn't even a l' uludl .with 'em. They toolk the: road at a nre puaie,' hie added ' when told 'em the coach started for Lunuon at Irl :ret They leaked at his watch. It was iust eight. -. Acar.Aii g to the spelakr'Lt account, it was two hours or more since Oliverud .h Creom. panionl passed. It was just possibletherefore, they hal mlissed the coach, and he might still overtake tehiei, In this eplectation he drove rapidlythrosggh luninoln till ]Io rerched the Laondou road, where his ?uirug yee we agaiuesiumeod, : ., This time it was a farmer, a respeetahll mi awhol reifded in hieown neighbourhood' that answered him -. .IHe.had.passed th. express. he said, and noticed two youths, dressed exactly as the doctor described them, Amongst the outside passengers. - ' Had they a child-a little girl between two and three. years old-with them ?' de minded the gentleman. . His infornuant had seen no child. Satisfied that further pursuit was hopeless, Herbert Lacy turned his horse's head, and retraced his way to Rockingham Hall, but surprised and disappointed, at his want of success. CIIAETRF VI. Although Heriert Lacy- drove rapidly towards home, .it .was midday. when he arrived. The old housekeeper and 'Jimmet him' atthe door, and he read by their coun tenance that something extraordinary had occurred duritig his 'absence. ' Oh, master,' exclaimed the: former,' I thotight how it would be! I knew the woman would turn out sno better thaii- she should be.': ' Few of us arc,' observed the Doctor dryly. - ' The workhouse would have :been quite good enough for the likes of-lier,' continued the gnrulous old'creature, heedless of the reproof ; 'but you would bring her to the hall.' SWhat has occurred?' " The constablcs have taken her away,' replied the honsekeeper, with a toss of the head, imllyiing great mental satisfaction- at her superior wisdom,' despite -her struggles and shrieksa the brazen creature I': ' . I-I don't believe they were constables,' said the boy. 'Not constables !'. What next ?'Not con stables ?' : , Silence ?' interrupted Herbert Lacy, sternly not another word if you value remain. ang in my service. I must :learn= what has taken. place, from a' witness a little more intelligent and somewhat less predjudiced than yourself.' ' - 'This i was hard-very J.hard, .consider ing hlow rarely gheo- found an excuse for expressing her 4opinions, or' conversing with her master'uponany subject, and so thehousekeeper felt it ;-but as she did value her place, -which was a good one, by a super human exertion of self-control she prudently held her tongue. - Go on,' said the., speaker' nodding to Jim. . - ' About an hour. after, you .left, sir, a chaise and pair drove up to the house. Two men got out, and. demanded to see the female and child who had passed the night 'here.' . . : ? . .rAnd you admitted them,' exclaimed the doctor, :angrily, 'although I have givensuch positive instructiohs,that no one shouls cross the threshold in my absence.' . Mrs. Daws admitted them, sir.'.... , Of, course .I' did i. I Constables ! Very different thing from people who only comeo to pry and ask about---' -- - :Silence !' repeated her master. - The housekeeper bit her lips with vexation, iiud cast anything but a friendlyglance to wards iim. . What followed ?' ' I saw no more till they. dragged the wo man down the great staircase and forced her into the chaise' continued the -lad. 'I shall never forget her screams; they ring in- my ears still; and how she begged of them where they had conveyed her child to. Poor thing she thought they had stolen it from her.' S'-And I from' home ?' muttered Herbeit Lacy, between his teeth. '" She wanted to leave a message for youe, sir, but they thrust a handkerchief over her month to prevent her from speaking ?' ' And you permnited this brutal outrage.' - The questioun was addressed to the house keeper rather than the boy ; but the latter answered it. S'Itiied sll esold to prevent it,, replied', |lo~lol.? l.t u.t amo;tinao nnh,.L. lgli onp.rud ? showing a severe bruise upon the left temple. SlBut the man who said the woman was mad knocked me down, and when I came to my self they were gone. : \- Mrs. Daws looked as if shei thought the man had served him very- rightly too';' but not so her master, who for the. first time be gai to suspect thaithe had not done quite justice to the character of-Jim. ' I would turn from my sesvice this very in stant;'lhe exclaimed, addressing the woman,' " were any sther refuge than the .poorhouse left you..: Yon know not what crime you may have aided,what amount of suffering you haveo. caused,' , - , " -...- " . " The old woman knew nother. reason why he' did. not dismis her; but feeling.thorollghi ly mortified, , and+ somewhat-, ashamed of her goudqut, ?isely kept it to herself, and re frdnted' ts tle " itcleqs ; -w'here she corld in dulge' her illhmnour withopt fear pf reproof or interruption, ' Herbert Laicy carefully exanined the brliisf upon the temple of Jim, The blow, juidgjng front the extravasated blood and great dis. colouration of the forehead, must havelbeen a most severe one. ' DoI pain you ?' he askel, observing that the eyes of thelad were filled with tears. . ',Not much, sir ; and if you were to hurt mneten times more, I could bear it when you speak so kindlyto me.' ' I am satisfied with your conduct in this sad affair,' observed his master, ' and will think over the request you once made me.' This from the speaker was tantamount to a promise. The poor crippled boy was deci dedly advancing in his good opinion. Not tib tue former thought much upon the sub ject at the t'ime, his mnlJ Jioing exclusively occupied with the singular adventures of the last few hours. The more he reflected the more he felt puzzled. The woman her child, the two youths, all gone, and not a clue by which they might be traced. 'Convinced that he should one day discover ta key to tllenystery, he retired to.. his study to i"wrie 0owiS theq ujqteq aqi4 iqqigteqts wlilst they were still fresh in his memory. ltat donu; he quitted the hall in a thoughtfulntood and directed his steps towards the gipsy en. esmpment. The noonday, as is frequently the ease after heavy rain, proved delicious. Earth lay basking in its genial sunshine, breathing the fragrance of ten thousand flowers, and g!uilint aghs herhalf dried tears like p y6?isg'rde mpon herswedding morna, Herbert Lady was not the only person watnidering in the green lanes skirting the common. Minnie had quitted the huts of her paop!?!, t a munch earlier hour, to gather such herbs and simples as her grandfather li~!I tau~ht her to disti-,ishl, 'po ho continied.l 