STRATH M E RE. The Lord of Strathmere had always dis liked Chandos who must inherit the title and estates of Strathmere after him. The young man was generous, and he es teemed generosity a heinous fault. The °young man was loved by household and tenantry, and he knew himself disliked, and this embittered him. There were a dozen reasons, equally un reasonable, why he hated his younger nephew; but Brabazon was a man after his own heart, and as much as his warped and selfish soul could love :'anyone, 'he" loved Norman Brabazon. , It had always been atvmatter of regregret to him that-Brabazon could hot have come inext in the succession. His elder nephew had any of.. his own faults, and these he esteemed virtues. He had always,been kind to Brabazon, had given him an annual allowance' of moiiey double thatassigned his heir-apparent; had pushed his fortunes with zeal, and had asist''d him to' become what he n'i ow .was, ,,a brilliant if iuhscrupulous .politician, and a candidate for a most important foreign ap pointment. 7:-.,<'::.<. 'One would have thought' that Brabazon could not in cold blood ; `destroy a life .:which had so'greatlyben'efitted him-tbat he could not have stilled ifor .ever' a h?eart that had cherished ,for him an actuiial even if arrow affectionn. But the tiger creeping on his prey from: the shelter of the jungle might have had more compunction 'of conscience 'than: Normian Brabazon. The deadly cobra, with iis glittering eyes fixed upon a .coveted morsel, .,might sooner have felt relentiig. in its purpose' than this human serpent. He bent overhis sleeping relative and every plausible feature, of his swarthy face stiffened and hardened into the semiblance of a mask. The baron moved uneasily 'in his sleep under that basilisk gaze., The intruder. waited in, the shelter of the bed-drapery, patierit: as',a red In diani 'mntil his loud breathing was resumted. Then Brabazon'drew from withij 'his coat a dagger, a possessioni of Ralph' Chandos; which' had been given .the.latter' b"a 'chum at Oxford, and which he had preserved: in his writing.desk as. '..memorial.. The dagger flashed inthe firelight as he upraised it. Again the plate-glass- mirror forming 'the door of the armoire quivered, and a pair of eyes stared out .upon the strange,scene..... There was a moment's pause on the part of-Brabazon, a last look at. the hard features of his kinsman,' a.brief study 'of the baron's' figure, and then 'the deadly dagger flashed 'ii the air, and' was driven: swiftly homiie to the very hilt into Lord Strathniere's heart. Not a sigh, not a quiver,,, disturbed the baron's frame. As Brabazon drew forth the dagger the life-blood welled up in a great'jet, staining his guilty hand, and the sleeve of his slhirt-a garment he had takenfrom the ward robe of Chandos at an.,earlier .hour of the evening; Lord Strathmere was dead, yet his murderer stabbed' him again and again to :mike assur ance dbubly sure: And the eyes of the unseen witness lost not one movement of the murderer.'. ' He's dead,'. muttered :Brabazon at;,last,. with a long breath upraising his head and listening. '.Not an outcry . Not a sound ! Every one is asleep!'. -. Hiding the blood stained - weapion in. the folds of' his 'shirt ih'e crept across the floor, opened the door, listened, and stole into th'e hall. He paused' at..the, very :threshold -of Lord Strathmere's room, hisi bloodseeming to'.turn to ice in his veins.: :: : For, coming iup the stairs witihcut' a light;' but plainly :recognisable in th'lediimness by' reason of his ample proportions, was Millis,; the butler.' He paused on .the 'topmost stairi,:seeing. Brabazon at Lord Strathmere's, door. ,:The villain remained ' for an i.instanti, stupetied, then his ready wit came' to his 'aid':''.: He glided. along the:hall without a word,' opened th'e door. of '-Chi?idos's' apartment, passed within, arid shot th Ibolt into the lock1 The ruse 'served'its purpose.i . 'So it was'Mr. Ralph,' muttered the bufitler: 'What was he'doiing 'at this hour in my lord's chamber ?'He acted strange, too, as if some thing was wrong.:: He hesitated; not knowinrg whether it might not be his duty: to"l'iok into the baron's room'; biit a remeiiibranice of his lordship's temper, and a reflection that Mr. Ralph might have. visited, his uncle with'a view to recon ciliation and remainedilate, decided him to mind his: own business, which he did, going to his quarters. h 'Meanvwhile, Brabazon proceeded to weave still closer the deadly net of evidence about his young cousin--the net which he intended should drag him'to his doom. The fire was low in the grate. Chandos was still sound asleep, his sorrows forgotten in the profound slumber' that comes to the young and healthy. The intruder's move ments were noiseless. Taking the reeking dagger from its con cealment on his person, he thrust it up the warm chimney into a crevice between two bricks, i's handle alone protruding, arid that quite out of reach of even keen research, Then he removed his blood-stained shirt and laid in on the fire. It flamed up in a quick blaze.' Watching it closely, with a dextrous move ment he extracted from the flames one blood stained cuff, dropping.it into the ashes inder the grate. T'rheneh'e glided to the;adressing-room arid washed his hands in a bason of water upon the toilet.table; smiling' with a demoniac joy as he did so. - He had been so' nosieless at.laithe sleeper had not even stirred. His evil work was done. All! that'remnained 'was to gttoi' i'Os swn Sroom unseen. hHe unlocked the door and peered.into :the' hall. The butler had vanished. Brabazon stole along the hall, gained his:own door,. and entered his apartment. His" first care was to light the candle's he' had extiiguished, and to examine hisrlmiaain ing garmefits and his person. . Not a drop of blood was visible upon him. Not a sign or- teken of his awful ciime ?as anywhere to be seen, '.. H-Iis lips writhed into a wicked and exultant smile, and he dropped into an easy-chair be fore his bright hearth, and rubbed his guilty hands together in the warm blaze. He had achieved his guilty success. All he hadilonged for and striven to attain was almost in his grasp. He suddenly remembered that he had for gotten to lock his door, and to extinguish his lights. He arose, blew out the candles, and ad vanced towards the door. At the'same moment it opened, .softly and noiselessly; and a man crept into his presence. .. Brabazon. stared at him as if he had been a gorgon,. and. looked. as.if turned to. stone. The villain's sickly pallor, his starting eyes, his wild, visage attested his horror and terror. The man was no serivanit of the houise. Bra bazon reeled back agairist a t?ible as he r-ec' nised .him. He was Thomas .Crowl, th8e sot iof the former pedagogue of;. the" village; 'a'i_ man naturally shrewd :an'd 'eeni-witted, :who" had received 'an ordinary education; butwh'o had in' his boyho6d throwin off :the shickles 'f parentaIlflcontrol, and indulged indissipati and idleness.: For ithe la~st?ear or;two Growl had been in London living by: his wits, but had recently returned home. upon a visit to .his, aged father' He had a bold, bajd reckless face, but no one had ever suspected him of readiness to commit a,cruime.. IWhat had: brought: him here within. the walls of Strathmere mansion at: this'hour ?-?; Brabazon tried to ask,"the questionii buit his stiff lips refused to articulate. Thomas Crowl sidled 'p to him and laid one handd upon his arm.;"' '.I saw it.all ! he hissed. Brabazon put. his: hanid to ,his.lheart and dropped into the nearest:chair ., ' ' I was hid in .:the` old iman's 'vardrobe,' said Crowl. ' 'I was a 'witiiness f -the imurder!' "Bi abazoin sprang up ias:if electrified "riand miade for the bell rope, with ai wild idea of denoucing his visitor as::thei murderer, thus sacrificing his nefarious schemes, but'.protect ing .himself. A gain-Crowl laid a-fierce' rip 'upon him; reading ' his purpose.`;,:' : ,- . -1.;:; 'Hold 'he 'whispere? hioty "ITwo' can playi~ tljtat gagm:e.: :,Doh't b.e too fast I I can be; bosght 1 Brabazon faced about, beginning to recover, from his 'awful terror . ' What ivere you doing 'in the wardrobe ? he a'sked, huskily :::. 'I don'tmind telling.yo.u, since you ;won' be likely to betray me,' returned Growl. I was hard-up,,,and ;I'm , thinking of marrying., I' .know .what , everybody ;.knows,; that.. Lord Strathmere ' is miserly,: and keeps money-in the house:"' ??crept, in at dusk'an'df'foundmy way t6. his. room and' hid there for libours, thinking I'd. creep ut,.in :the, deadof the night 'and4rob his saife, that everybody knows he keeps inm his bedroom. '1:,;I was hid there all the evening.-,' After my lord went to bed he seemed restless for a -while iand I kept mum. ? 'Wh'en he 'had': fille" intoiti .' sound sleep I crept out and'began a an examination of his room and effect&s;'; :? was at thatl when I thoulght I' heard ,a :sound in, the ihall. I? had only time to slip in the wardrobe 'when' you:came in.' . . : \- ;So "' you were,' there: "for "purposes '.df robbery ? said Brabazon'with"a sneer :"' .' And you ,wer: therefor iiiurder !" replied Crowl, coolly, . I left, my purpose unacconm pliislied, fYearing any 'plun'de, I.. might get would hang, nme.. Your must make, up my loss. I can't see all your:; little gamne,; Mr: Brabazoih; but" you 'expect i to make "money out of this night s'work, and you shall share' it'with me"' . I Iwiw- ll.I .. . S' That's' ,enoigh.:: You :woh't ,'break your' promise, I'll go bail. I'll remind you' of it later: `As you are to be my' banker hereafter, you may give mfe twenty pounds to-night.. Brabazon procured his' pocket-book and, counted out the amount named, his hands shaking as he did so; f Give me the pocket-book and'all. 'We won't stick at trifles. I'll get out .as I came, i,''said 'Crowl, pocketing the money, ' and not leave a trace of my presence, you may be: sure You'd better go to bed, my friend, if you intend to show up early in the morning ! He slipped from the room, traversed thei great hall like a ghost, and entered;a" guest chamber which opened upon a balcony,' He let himself out upoii. this, balcony, closed his ' way of egress, and, clambered to the ground by means of the great .ivy :that: nearly covered that side of the building.: He stood in the 'midst of the thickly-fall ing snow, breathiess, when a hand' was'laid' suddenly upon' his arm, and a figure was outlined close beside him in the pale gloom. With an oath, he sprang backward several paces. A.woman's low, mocking laugh restored him to his senses. 'Is it you, Meg ?' he asked, angrily; 'It is I, Thomas Crowl,' was the answer. ' I saw'you enter this house like a thief hours ago, and I've been watching for you ever since. You act scared, Tom, just as if you'd been committing murder I You've been up to some mischief, that I know I' "St !l' whispered 'Crowl;.' "Come away, M eg, I, , , , . " ,',:; ': " 'i He seized.her. arm and. hurried her away ritd the whirling mist" of show that :blotted out.their track even as theiywent'; "And in 'his 'lonely, luxurious.chamber' of the grind old mnansion, 'tlhe masier of Strath iere: Pairk lay stark:and. ghastly, his pinched fadce ultutned to the pale firelight, his heart itilled for ever. OuOt into the wild, white night his soul had flown at.the wicked will of a murderer, but his body lay there a silent horror, rigid and White as the falling snow. In his own bed, asleep in the profound slumber 'of, .youth and health, was Ralph CGhandos, in blessed unconsciousness of the awful fate lowering darkly above him. SAnd in'his apartment, in his bed also, Norman Brabazon lay broad awake, meditat ing upon the peculiar contretemps that had marred the full perfection of his plans, yet exiulting in the strength of the net he had so skilfully woven. '.'It's all right !' he muttered. 'Crowl would never dare betray his presence in this house to-night and so disgrace his father and s'timp himself as a common burglar and robber. He would not dare, for I would fix the crinie oh him. But mdney has bought him, body and soul!' Sleep, Ralph Chandos! For this is your last night of peace and hope on earth I To-morrow will see you in a felon's cell, abandoned by all whom you have called friends, stripped of position, honour, love I And I-I shall be Baron Strath mere !' 