Intercolonial. VICTOHIA. fPSOM QVB OWN COJJBBSPOJTDgjf T] i.j , .,,. Melboubnr, April 7. Two extensive fires occurred here on Easter -Monday,; the '. second breaking out before tho flint was extinguished. Iu the first instanco . the premises burned, were those of Messrs. Cohen, furniture dealers, at the corner of Exhibition and Lonsdalc streets. The flames ifitti. .subdued after two hours hard work. Considerable damage was dono. Just as this tiro was cot under, an alarm was s?ivon that another had broken out ii| a tiii)ber-yard, belonging to Sharp and Son, Sandridge road. Tl|0 dostructiqn thore was very great, and it |s ojtimuted Lhnfc about £17,000 worth of timber was burned before tho fire brigades .succeeded in suppressing tho flames. Si. Jambs Eastkb Mebiino. — The annual faster meeting in connection with St. James 'Clilircli will be held iu the church to-morrow evening at .8 o'clock p.m. ToowoosrBA Amateur Turf Clot. — A meotingof the Toowoomba Amateur Turf Club will bo held in the office of Gregory and Scholefield to-day at 10 a.m. . Noble's Dalmatian Insect Powdkb. — Kills mosquitoes, fleas, moths, bed-huge, cock roaches, and all other noxious insects. This article is always fresh and good, tho best and cheapest insect powder sold. W. A. Noblo, Pharmaceutical ChomiBt, Toowoomba. - . (^uahtkuly' Registration Court. — At this Court which assembled yesterday there wero present, the police-magistrate and W. Crawford, aud GcorgoB. King, Esqs., J.J. P. fpho court was adjourned for one week. Wo can rqcomuiend Marshall and Pointer ? »8 the bes^-and cheapest, hquse. in town to biiy drapery, grocory, .boqts and shoos, and all kinds of produce at, and t||ey huvo just rp coived a really flrst-cluss stook of now and seasonable goods. The public cannot do ''better than give them a trial. — Advi.- ? A Redoubtable Pedestjiiaw. — Wo sec that tho redoubtable Lnidley man, J. M'Gar rigal alias Poarcc, again distinguished him hiinsclf by carrying nil first honors at Sundey Gallop, Ipswich. M'Garrigal not only won the M.U.I.O.O.F. grand handicap of £-15 from scritch, against a very largo field of well known sprints, but also the champion race. This pedestrian is well known to fame in Toowoomba, as ho came to the front here on St. Patrick's Day, and displayed proinioeof great things to come, which ho will in every probability fulfil. Larceny of a Horse. — At the Police Court, before the Police-magistrate yesterday, the caso of John Higgins v. John Mullins for unlawfully using a brown inure was continued having been remitted from the 31st ultimo Mr Hamilton appeared for coin pliiminfc and Mr Murray for defendant. Francis Farrington for the defence deposeil that ho had heard complainant say ' you can li'ive the mare to ride into town to-morrow,' this was on the 27th February; he wont with defendant to Canning Creek, and defendant then i'odc the marc ; he rode her one day mid spelled her the next. Defendant was fined £10, with total costs £15 9s 4d, in default three mouths imprisonment. D. D. HoBTiaui.TUBAL Association. — On Thursday last, iu the School of Arts, there was held the monthly meeting of the D. D. Horticultural Association. Tho president, Mr J. T. Smith, was iu Mio chair, and there was a good attendance of members Mr M'Stay exhibited some very good roses of the Lady Emily Peel, Hoiile de Neige, and clini ing1 JJeeonieuris .varieties. Mr Crow showed a collection of seedling verbenas, nnd Mr Redman a bouquet of fiowers. A seedling begonia belonging to Mr Hurford was named Iiegoniu Hurfordiana; Mr G.|W. Griffiths also read a paper on the exhalation and respiration of plants, the subject was interesting, and well discussed. The Hiohfiklds Board Election. — In tho Government Gazelle on Saturday last it was notified that Mr. William Andrew had been appointed by tho Governor-in-Council h member of the High fields Divisional Board, in plnco of Mr. William Gowlett, resigned. Mr. J. L. Graham, of the Hermitage, was declared elected without opposition on Friday last by the Returning-Officer, for the same vacancy. The cause of two gentlemen being appointed to fill one vacancy, we can not at present fathom, though one tiling is very certain, that it affords evidence of a most unsatisfactory state of matters in the High fields Board. The question now remains which is the real Richmond and why arc thore two ? We know not, unless battle gave rise to the appearance of a sccoiid, as it diil at Bos worth Field. Caste Comedy Company/. — On Monday the Cnste Comedy Company of amateurs gave a performance of ' Engaged ' and ' Uncle's Will' in the Assembly rooms. ' Engaged' gives much scopefor good playing and it went off undoubtedly very well. Miss Brodribli made au excellent -.Milwie_SgjHperxon, while H el i mill Treherne found and afile oxpolumt-in Mrs Grimes. Miss Blanche acted admirably as Barker, while Mrs Neshitt rendered ihe part of Maggie nicely. In Cheviot Hill Mr Baxter achieved a great success, while the others acquitted themselves capably Throughout the piece the efforts to speak Scotch proved an insurmountable difficulty to those who considered it necessary to adopt the Doric tongue, for the supposed language of North Britain bore only that distinct kinship to the original which Spanish bears to Italian. A word here and there sounded familiar, but for the most part it Seemed an unknown language. In 'Uncle's Will' the same success was not perceptible as iu the first piece. The orchestra which was supplied by the Toowoomba Musical Society did much to aid the performance. A crowded hall testified frequently the approbation which the acting evoked. Serious Accident to Mb Simon Fraseb. — We learn from tho Courier that a serious accident happened to Mr Simon Fraser.M.L.A., and three ladies, at midday on Sunday. Mr, Mrs, and Miss Lucy Frascr, with Mrs Sell Icnckncr, wife of Mr Ernest G. Schlencker, of the Treasury, were returning home in a double-seated buggy, from attendance on Divine Service at the Congregational Church, Grey-street, Brisbane. Tho route taken after leaving the church was up Grey-street into Sidon and Vulturo streets. ? When about op posite the gate leading to the residence of' the late Hon. T. B. Stephens, the reins became in some way cntaDglcd in the horse's tail. Be fore Mr Fraser, who was driving, could set them free, the animal started forward at an unusually smart pace, and practically bolted. Tho corner of Vulture-street and Stephens road is notoriously dangerous on account of a sudden declivity' at the spot. The horse turned this corner very sharply, and had got well across Stephen's road before Mr Fraser could regain control over it. Here it stumbled and fell down a kind of ditch which runs alongside the fence around Mr W. G. Chan cellor's ground, and which was formed by the raising of the permanent level of the road. The buggy and its occupants rolled over and over till they landed f.t the bottom of this gulley, or ditch. The injured passengers were taken into Mi- Chancellors house. Mr Fraser was found to be cut und bruised on the head and fnco, while Mrs Frascr was much bruised about the lower limbs, Miss Frascr was suffer ing from a severe blow on the head, and was partially insensible, while Mm Schlencker escaped without any bruises, though she suffered sevorely from fright. Tho patients are progressing favourably. Bubolaby in Brisbane. — An extensive robbery of money and valuables (says the Observer), took placo on Saturday evening, at tho rectory of All Saints, while the Kev. Mr Robinson was officiating in the church and the other members of the household were en gaged at their devotions. It is supposed that tho burglars ontered by au unlocked doqr leading from tho veranda to the drawing room, and then crossed from tho latter into tho bed-room, whoro a drawer was forced open, evidently by a 'professional' instrument. The lock, in the opinion of tbe ostuto detec tives, was artistically forced, showing little signs of clumsiness or haste on the part of the thieves. From a bag in tho drawer £f(l was taken, this amount being a portion of the offertory received at tho two early services oh Easter Sunday, aud which it is the usual prac tise to present to tho rector pn the festival. About 15s in silver were taken from a smaller bag, two valuable gold bracelets from tho drawer, ono being a presentation, bearing an inscription on tho inside ; three gold brooches, and one earring, another earring being left behind. A case of diamond rings was also loft behind, and a couple of small amounts. The whole bedroom showed signs of having boon thoroughly inspected and ransacked, and Mr Robinson docs not yet know to what extent he has been robbed, as every few minutes reveal something gone. With the offertory money which was taken there was a cheque for £5, and this, together with the bracelet containing the inscription, gives the detectives sanguino hopes of the speedy capture of Iho thieves. ACRIOULTURE IN WARWICK DISTRICT. — We learn from tho Warwick Examiner that Ploughing is going on just now at a brisk rate. In all parts of tho farming districts advantage is being taken of the present fine weather and suitable condition of the ground to turn over the soil and prepare it for seed. We are informod that a much largor area will bo put under cultivation than ever was tho case befbie. A great portion of this is in tended for the growth of lucerne and oats but principally the former. Tbe low price of wheat this year has not, however, fright ened some oftbe farmers away from growing it, for extensive areas will be put undor that cereal again this year. The weather has been splendid for out door work, but raiu is again very muoh wanted. ' - Robal Felicity. — Under a greenwood tree — a pretty girl in tho near distance, and n supply of 'Rheingold' Cigars, obtainable from nil tobacconists. Benjamin Bbos., Brisbane, sole agents. — Advt. Railway Contract.— It is notified in th. Government Gazette that the tewl-r of Mi Henry Jubb, for tho construction of a deviation on the Main Range, Southern ami Wsstern Railway, at ninety-two miles ten ohains — amount, £7163 7s 2.L— baa been ao cepted. This deviation is near No 49 Bridge, on the Main Range, and will consist chief!) of a brick culvert. A Suggestion to Invalids.— No better .idvioe can be given to invalids than to use, without; loss of time, that agreeable, streogthening, and mindcbeeriui ordial, that admirable remedy for indigestion, rheu matism, gravel, gout, incipient dropsy, and inactivity of tun organs o£ evacuation and urination, WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS, which has been before tbe public for ovor thirty five years, and is indorsed by tho medical ficulty. Bo .sure your obtain Wolfe'* Schnapps. Ghostly Lmimkinh. — The Warwick Examiner says : A species of Larrikiuism has been developed, of lite which it would be well were the police to put do-vn at once. We refer to a habit of romo larrikins actiug the part of ''ghosts' by enveloping them selves in white sheetR after night fall and frightening women and obildren by suddenly startliug them and approaching them with weird gesture. Tho practice was indulged iu the other night in Albion-street, when two young women who were leaving St. Mark's Church, as well as childruu, wert very much alarmed by some of these black guards. One of the youni; women tainted and became almost hysterical for somo time and was uunerved for hours afterwards, while children were frightened to go to the door, Sham Fioiit at Sydney. — A sham fight took place at the Middle Head encampment, Sydney, on Saturday afternoon, in which some brisk firing was done. A general sham attack was made unexpectedly on the camp at three o'clock on Sunday morning. On the alarm being given, steps were at once taken to repel the enemy, who were eventually supposed to he drircu off, and the men retired into camp. Altogether tho manoeuvre was creditably con ducted, and the meu. appeared on parade with great rapidity. The operations at the South Head encampment consisted priucipilly of parades of the infantry and exercises in square formation. The Garrison Artillery were put through gun drill. The warship Wolverene went out to sea on Saturday even ing. The fortifications were inspected by the acting Commandant, Lieutenant-Colonel Roberts, and his staff. Strike of Mr. Gargett's Navvies. — We (Courier) arc indebted to Mr. J. E. Byrne, of the lfigaro, for some particulars regarding the strike of 300 men employed by Mr. Garget in the construction of No. 8 section of the Mitchell line. It appears the men have crone out on strike on the old ques tion of ^'increase of wages. They were getting lOs. (id. a day for eight hours' work, and not being satisfied with Ibis they de manded 12s.'-Gd. per day. This to tho con tractor wouldinvolve an additional increase in his expenditure of about £22 10s. per day, which would, of course, run up to several thousand pounds nTlhe year. The navvies, it is stated, in the event of their don-and not being acceded to, have threatened to smash up any train their employer may attempt to run in the meantim°. They have sb'far broken into and wrecked his office, and generally showed signs of further violence ; so much so, in fact, that Mr. Garget applied to the Brisbane authorities for police pro tection. The authorities complied with his request in so far as that the formidable force of six constables have been despatched to quell any further disorder amongst tha nav vies, who will no doubt give way before such an imposing display of tbe preservers of the peace ; at least, it is hoped so, for the sake of the 'force.' The general impression, how ever, is that the presenco of such a handful of police amongst 300 excited navvies, will lather tend to foment the disturbances than otherwise. If such be the case, then, those gallant few will have enough cam paigning to last them for a lifetime, without volunteering for the Soudan or Afghanistan. Of the merits of the dispute, it would be un wise at the present stage to express an opinion, as the information to hand is but meagre, and giveB but one side of the ques tion. It is, however, understood that the difference arose pretty much on tho same grounds as the threatened Btrike of the paiuters in Brisbane a few days ago. The fact is, tho men insist on being paid from the time they start for their work, aud also the time taken up in returning to their camp. Tliip, it seems to us, is n very unfair demand, and not recognised in. any. trade or calling. Earl Cairns.— Of Earl Cairns, late Lord Chancellor of England, whose death took place at London the 28th instant, Men of the Time says: — Cairns (Earl), the Right Hon. Hugh MacCalmont, second son of the late William Cairns, E.«q., of Cultra, country Down,. Ire- land, w s born in 1819. He received his education at Trinity College, Dublin, where he was first-class in classics, nnd obtained other academical honors. In January, 1811, he was called to the English bar at the Middle Temple, and he soon acquired an ex tensive practice in the courts of Equity. In July, 1S52, he was returned to the House of Commons as one of the members for Belfast, and he continued to represent that city iu the Conservative; interest until his elevation to the judicial bench. Ho was appoin'cd one of Her Majesty's Counsel and a bonchcr of Lincoln's lull in 1856. WlmnLord Derby formed his administration in February, 1858, be appointed to the office of Solicitor-General Mr. Cairns, who on ihis occasion received the -ionor oE knighthood. It is worthy of note that the enrlieat Bill he submitted to Parlia ment related to Chancery Reform, on which subject lie has since proposed several impor tant measures. Sir Hugh Cairns first showed himself to be a great parliamentary orator in the celebrated debate of four nights' duration in Moy, 1858, concerning Lord Ellen borough's censure of Lord Canning's pro clamation to ll)C inhabitants of our Indian Empire. Many of hii subsequent speeches in the Hou.se of Commons, and more re cently in the House of Peers, have justly been regarded as master-pieces of eloquence. When the Cqnservativu Administration ro signcd tn June, }8ri9, Sir Hugh Cairns' first brief tenure of office came to an end. On the return of Lord Derby to power in Juno, 1800, he was appointed Attorney-General, and he worthily occcupicd for a few months tho post which Sir Kjundell Palmer (now Lord Selborne) had held under tho Literal administration. The first vacancy which had occurred in the. Court of Chancery (with the exception of tho woolsack) for the long period of fourteen years was occasioned on October 1, 1866, by the retirement of Sir James Knight Bruce, and Sir Hugh Cairns was appointed lo succeed that veteran judge as ' Lord Justice of the Court of Appeal ; being in the following February (1867) raised to the peerage as . Baron Cairns of Garmoyle, in the county of Antrim. He became Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain in February, 1868, and he continued to hold that office until the resignation of Mr. Disraeli's ministry in December, 1868, after which time,- however, ho continued to take an active part in the legislative and judicial business of tho House of Lords In February! 1874, oh the return of the Con servative party to power, ho wns reappointed Lord High Chancollorof Great Britain, and ho held thatofficetillApril,1880. InSoplember, 1878, ho was cheated a Viscount and Earl of tho United Kingdom by tho titles of Vis count Garmoyle, iu the county oflAntrim, and Earl Cairns. His lordship was mado L.L.D. of Cambridge in 1862 ; D.C.L. of Oxford iu 1863 j and was elected Chancellor of the Univewity of Dublin ia 1867, 