ECHOES OF MEtBOURNE ' [Bt The Ghost, j .' . ; ' . ' The very latest thing in 'syndicates.!', is the one. which, according to the evidence' of, one of the prisoners who has turned j Queen's evidence, was formed to rob the! Fitzroy branch of the National Bank. It is pretty generally accepted as a fact that the members of a syndicate are in effect. ' First Robbers ' when a company is floated. But never before perhaps, even in the annals of Australian commerce, has, a 'syndicate' been formed with a dis honest design so boldly set out. Mining company and joint stock enterprise 'pro- moters' are evidently less outspoken than, the professional ' stickers-up'.'.The episode is a sort of illustration that after all there is ' honour among thieves.'- , : What between rampant free traders who do not think the proposals sufficiently ' thorough' and violent protectionists who affect to see in the agreement a' blow aimed at their pet theories, Mr. Langridge, the Minister of Customs, is likely to have a lively time of it when he introduces his Tas manian reciprocity treaty. . Indeed the bill which is to embody the agreement arrived at between Mr. Berry and the Customs officials of. the ' tight little island,' is tho cloud no bigger than a man's hand, which inay : yeu uiuriten ? cne enure ministerial horizon. -That the, storm willblow over no one doubts, even Mr. Mirains himself appears to think so ; for.it has.been a sub-i ject of remark of late, in the' reporters' gallery of the Assembly tha)^ the umbrella, .mmortalised by Punch ap.tne ev:er,preserit' accompaniment of the honourable member 'for'Collingwood, is no longer, as in days of yore, brought into tho Houbo. 1 It is hardly creditable to Victorians that Thomas Boyd,. one of tho conquerors of tlip , wilderness, tho first white man who .crossed the Murray, should have been ?allowed to die in want in a miserablo bark shanty near Tumut, in New South Wales. As a recompense for the hardships endured by this early pioneer of civilisation, the Victorian Government promised— over the walnuts and the wine at the Albury ban quet — to placo tho munificent sum of .£50 on the estimates, to be handed over to Boyd on tho completion of tho line between Melbourne and Sydney. The promise was kept, after a fashion, the money being voted. Hut as Boyd in all probability did not read tho daily newspapers, he has died without claiming the amount lying to his credit in tho treasury, which will accord ingly figuro in the Budget among the year's ' savings.' Let us hope his passage across the Styx may bring him more hap piness than did his crossing tho Murray. (f Pnn.pA htm lipr vinfAnVa ' n/nr? njacmrn^Tv one of these is the inauguration of the six penny telegram rate in Victoria. The stop is one of which tho colovy may well be proud, for not only is it the first of the Queen's possessions across the seas to have adoptedthe system, but it has even fore stalled tho mother country by a month in conferring the boon on the public. It is devoutly to be hoped that Austra lian diamatic authorship may not be gauged by the play of 'The Squatter,' written by Mr. Darrell, and now being performed at the Opera House. A more stupidly inane play was probably never before placed on the stage. From first to last it is a tissue of improbabilities jumbled together in a most absurd fashion. To any country visitors in Melbourne who may purpose throwing away an evening in witnessing this last production of ' native industries,' the advice tendered by Punch to persons about to marry applies in a marked degree —'Don't!' -.-?'. .;?-?--? July 2. .-..?.? After a wearisome, uninteresting, and aimless debate, protracted over eight oven ings, the Legislative Assembly adopted the address in reply to the Governor's speech, and his Excellency has been duly inter viewed by the representatives of both Houses, and received the stereotyped assurances and thanks of the people's repre sentatives. The Council, like the man ' all the way from Manchester,' has, owing to -the loss of time occasioned by. the Lower House, 'got no work to do,' and has accordingly adjourned for a week to do it. The Premier, in the Assembly, has been at length able to move the usual sessional orders, and henceforth the business of the country will run in its accustomed grooves. There has been a little amount of dirty linen washed in public, Mr. R. Richardson, the member for the Creswick electorate, furnishing the material for the 'lavage.' In all probability had any other honour able gentleman been the culprit very little notice would have been taken of the affair. But Mr. Richardson is nothing if riot virtuous. He is, according to his own account, the very embodiment of all that is righteous and straightforward, and as in ] this wicked world there, is always more joy over, a backsliding ? saint than ;is experienced in regard to any number of ' habitual sinners, his little faux pas, which' by the ; way consists in sign ing, the naine' of his son-in-law to a jstatutory' declaration, and. then witnessing1 ?the genuineness of the autograph; in his capacity as a. Justice of- the' Peace, in order to enable his daughter's husband to select a valuable. allotment of land at a place' with ' the singularly . appropriate ' 'narrie— in this instance— -of Fishy Creeks ;Mr. Richardson has '-explained.' ; The ; explanation, hpwever, -leaves the matter ?just whore it, originally stood; for facts; are istubboru: things, arid not easily 'explairied' ; away. The poet tells us that ' a maricon^ ' vinced Jagainst. , his will ;is of 'the same, opinion J3till,'i'and : despite th'e! : ' convinc iing' proofs of Mr. Richardson's guileless: jriess; -there .'-are'stil! a number of people1 who persist in believing- that the whole ' epispde is' one ?; reflecting very ' little.' credit5 on ?i.th|e member ' of; the '..' Legislature' implicated— an ''ex-Minister' 'of the Crown; by !the':way-V-whb 'hasi fallowed ? his' anxiety ; to benefit - his ? 6\vn 'relatives- -to outruri;-his ?'discretion. ' .Th?' ''explariai' tion'- offered by the' delinquent on ?Tues- day in the Assembly only amounte'd'to :;ariv appeal to the sympathisers of his brother; legislators, an dloft the facts of this dis'cred-' itable affair justas they were. Mr. Richard son's is ! a case in which the prayer to/be1 saved.fiom one's, friends finds a fit illus tration. ' In. their . attetnpt to whitewash, they only succeeded in making the black ness of the transaction more apparent, and although TMr. Service, before the adjourn ment for refreshment, appeared desirous of having a full and fair investigation, reflection, or a good dinner, caused him to change his mind, and in all probability the matter will be allowed to drop, and the name of the ' honourable ' gentleman still continue to adorn the roll of Justices of the Peace of the colony of Victoria. The most remarkable featui-e of the debate was the manner in: which the local preachers in the Assembly, Messrs.' Russell, James, and Co., came to the help of their friend. It is safe to predict that the affair will not be re-opened. . Indeed it is better for the credit of Parliamentary life it should ? not. Like , other offensive ' materials, 'the more it is stirred the more it stinks.' ' ',:.,' . ' '.?? ?'? : '. For the future the1 Assembly will,' sit ori; Wednesdays : and Thursdays at half-past three, the usual hour ofirieetirig — half-past' four— being continued on Tuesdays.. At 10 p.m. the floodof talk will be stayed, 'as ' no ? new business will be! called on' after iat'hour. ' 'For .these reforms' the- menibers of the fourtH'estate will^assuredly be:- duly thankful. ; ' ? ??? U :- ? ;.--.\\-!,' '. i .?'-. That 'all is not gold that glitters', is a ; trite truism; but 'that !a brass necklet should by a legal tribunal bi» decreed to be 'jeweler's gold' is certainly nowa to a good many people. Yet so it is. Mr. John Gardiner, M.P., who combines with his profession of a politician that of a jeweler, has obtained a verdict against a lady who sued him in tho County Court for selling her a 'pinchbeck' article as 'gold,' as it is a 'custom of tho trade.' Mr. John Gardiner, M.P., may furthermore find his justification in tho fact that ho is not tho first politician, by a good many, who has made baso metal pass for tho pure article. Tho moral to be deduced from this little episode in our Law Courts is that if you want 'pure gold' you should not go to a momber of Parliament for it. The result of tho action of ' Adams against the Now South Wales Railway authorities' has fallen like a thunderclap upon tho victims of the Cootamundra rail way accident. In Israel there will be heard weeping and wailing, and the book making fraternity will doubtless indulge in some rather strong language. Inter colonial jealousy, so many Victorians aver, is at the bottom of the finding of tho iCourt. Had the injured parsons lived on tho .other side of tho Murray from that which ithey do, they would doubtless have fared better at tho hands of the jury. The matter is, however, not to be allowod to rest in its present stage, and further action will be brought to test the liability of :tho trans-Murray Government for what most people imagine to be the carelessness and ignorance of their employes. To the outside public it does seom rather hard that there Bhould be no legal redress for what is, beyond dispute, a great wrong done to individuals. Until, however, the Victorian Government acts in a less huckstering spirit itself, it hardly lies in Vietorians to talk of the meanness of their neighbours. In an action recently brought to recover damages sustained in the Little River accident, the Victorian Commis sioners have pleaded the statutory defenco that more than six months have elapsed since the occurrence of the catastrophe. In future travellers by rail who happen to be ' in an accident ' will do well to send in notice of action as soon as they recover their senses after the collision, lest they should undergo the experience of Mr. William Luptan, the well-known mining speculator, who claimed nothing until six months after the smash its effects on his nervous system became only too apparent, and then found himself without any remedy against the department. Geelong is generally looked upon as a sort of Victorian Nazareth, the abode of dullness, and the sleepiest of sleepy hol lows. It has alBO the reputation of being virtuous and sanctimonius. It can therefore . be imagined that tho rumour that a divorce case was on the tapis, in which several well-known straight-laced 'citizens.of credit and renown' were to be defendants, created no little flutter. The errant fair one is the young wife of an old .Government servant. This gentleman's wrongs have, however, been salved with golden ointment, and his wounded marital honour consoled j with sums varying from ;^50 to £1000. Of course the good people of what in their pride they term ' the Pivot' ? are sadly disappointed at . the tuougnt inat mere are to De no disclosures of: the naughtiness of their goody- goody fellow townsmen. As there is,: hbweverj ;one' of the guilty ones- who . refuses' to be '' bled;' . there : may be Court proceedings !after.:all. At least a number of good people' hope so, for all the ? ; gay j Lotharios — the total riumberbeing Eixr— are married men. ? The magnum \ opus of the ' Parliamentary isession has seen the.light. Mr.: Berry, the jChief Secretary, has explained its provi- ? sions, which are entirely, on the lines ^sketched in a forrner i letter. .^Strange to !say,'in their desire to placate drmkers,'tem iperance people,' total ? abstainers, and the present license holders, ' the Government, ?if the first night's debate indicated truly jthe right public feeling], has succeeded in .pleasing, no one. . ' Once again ' is the fable. iof; the oldiinan and, -his ass forcibly illus !trate.d.^!';r'. .I.-..'.: ,.vir::..-.. ,?:. , ;.?.?-, j;: :? ??.?.' U-Jliijr ?/.-?:'.; I';,', ..?.????.? ???:'... ;:....;.::. .:?:], I ? 