. Z.. VIGTÖBIA. Mnaótítelil, Octob«* 10. The Caulfield'Cup meeting on Saturday was largely attended, the following being the" resulte of the racing :-Selling Bace : Scaramouch 1, Primus 2. Albano* 3 ; eight starters ;' won easily. Second Hurdle Kace : Duration and Ravensworth ran a dead ht at, Mistake being third ; ten starters ; Bavens . worth started favorite and took the lead at the home turn, when a great race ensued, ending iu a. dead heat .with.LDuratioD. Nursery Handicap: Damocles 1, Trojan 2, Manx Man 3 ; thirteen starters ; won easily. Caulfield Cup : Grace Darling 1, Britisher 2, Coriolanus 3; forty-one starters; won by a length: This rase trns marred br « shoeking citiamity which tai n<3 parallel in the history of Australian Sports. The horses were near- ing the entrance to the straight, Too Too leading by a neck, followed by Claptrap, when Too Too suddenly fell, and ia on in- stant riders and horses were rolling- over each ather*<» WS. itt m «hastio ?? - The race was almost forgotten in the fearrol anticipation of the injuries that must result from such a collapse, and ral attention"* wes directed from the winning post to the scene of the accident. Two jockeys. Donald Michelson »nd Cmeknell lost their lives, the former being killed Oö-tne spot, and the later dying in hospital shortly afterwards from the effects of his injuries, both his legs being smashed. The horse Tom Brown was also killed, while Cliptrap and Sardius wei« badly injured. The . accident cast a gloom over the rest of the.day. and'little interest was manifested in the following races. Open Steeplechase: Sailor], Lizzette 2, Beticeat 9.- Windsor Handicap : Merrima 1, Bebus 2. iöCilkf S: The following furthef partictut"r» have been ascertained regarding the terrible accident -which took place on Saturday daring the race for the Caulfield Cup ^The <W4 of horses was, with one exception, the largest ever ¿"íaitóifor a »ac« "n the colonies, and all went well until the EOrSee were approaching the turn into the straight, where Too Too was leading by _ a bare'neck, with Claptrap next, hugging the rails on her left, and Sardius galloping immediately on her right. The torn, which is considered the most difficult part ot tiie c"yilfse¿ «ai yet some distance ahead, and the horses were crowding on to the rails to get the inside running for the rush up the strci^ht, when Too Too went down. What caused her fall is unknown, but the theory is that her front legs crossed those either of Sardius or Claptrap, probably those of the former. From the Grand Stand the colours worn by the rider of. Too Too seemed suddenly to* sink into' the ground, immediately succeeded by a crash of faliing horses and a niasä of struggling horses and humanity. Jockeys were hurled here and there in wild confusion, while their horses, where unhurt, dashed madly away, leaving others less lucky linipering painfully off. Four jockeys with iwo horses lay stretched upon the turf as if killed outright, and when the former were picked up it was found that one Donald Nicholson was dead, and the other three seriously injured Nicholson, who was one ot the most popular lijrht weight rider», waa.rxdinff; Lord Kxeter mt the ti lui* M»w hmovl~cñ& ott* ¿Aa lc«;», UI**MIl\îîè\w.iîm*£ jockey was hurled with fearful violence against the fence, crushing in his skull, and causing, instant -death. Cracknell, whose chest was , crushed, lay helpless, though conscious, while Wyman, the. rider of Sardius, lay unconscious, suffering from concussion of the brain, and M'Grade, who had been on Tom Brown, looked very ghastly, having his nose and one . arm broken. A little further off lay Toomie, who was stretched alongside his dead horse Urara. Brown, the rider of Too Too, although in the thickest of the melee, escaped almost without injury. Among the horses most injured were Too Too, Claptrap, and Sardius. On being taken to the hospital it was found that Cracknell's ribs had been disjointed from the breast- bone and driven under it, while , he had also sustained internal injuries. M'Grath had received a fracture to the base of the skull, and M'Grade's right shoidder blade and nose were broken. Toomie was found to be suffering from the fracture of several ribs, and Morrison from' a broken arm. Latest intelligence states - that - all. the injured jockeys are progressing favourably. Au inquest was held to-day on the body of Donald Nicholson, when a verdict pf acci- dental death was returned. October 20. The injured jockeys continue to improve. The debate on the second reading of the Federal Council Adopting Bill was proceed- ing in the Assembly last night when the House adjourned. - - - Ia accordance with a numerously-signed requisition, the Mayor has called a public meeting for Monday night, for the purpose of taking steps to inaugurate, a School of Arts in Cairns. Wc have so often dilated upon the necessity of such an institution ia this town that little more can be said on the" subject than to urge upon the citizens to take this opportunity and put words into actions. It is announced authoritatively that Mr. A- Meston will h: the Government repre- sentative candidate at the coming election of a member for Musgrave. Mr. W. P. Walker haï retired from the field, and Mr. E. Philp has come forward. T Mr. Philp appears as and will visit all the chief centres of that district and explain his political views before returning to Cairns. The select committee appointed by the Upper House to reporten the plans of the Cairns-Herberton railway have not yet brought up their, report, out we areinforwjed on reliable anthority that they hare agreed as to Cairns being the best starting point for the railway. If they report at all adversely to passing the plans it will be on .the point of whether the line will prove a financial success, but to reject the plans for such a reason would be to re- open the whole ques- tion of the necessity of a railway from Her- berton to the coast. As the vital want of auch a railway bas long been acknowledged by both parties in Parliament, no fear need be entertained that such a plea for delay wonkl meet with any support when the subject is again before the Council. We further have good reason for stating that the Minister for . Worte expects to call for tenders for thc first section .of the line in four to six weeks time. A friend of mine, while residing in a select boarding-school house in Philadelphia, came into tea one evening, and after sitting quietly fora few moments, said to the mistress: "Mrs. M. ia this house haunted ?" "Certainly not, Mr. P., this ten is so pale and wank that I thought, perhaps, it had seen a ghost." - Bear not to yon tauted etty apon Tyne The carhonni.oni atihntan. s oj the mine. 