Correspondence, (From'onr own Correspondents.) Siverton, Sept. 9 ; • Oa the night of Sept 1st a company of ; Juveniles, who styled themselves the Juvenile Diamond Minstrels, made their first appearance in Riverton to a splendid house. They were trained and under the direction of Mr.McGrath who is to be congrtulated upon the great success which attended them. The first part opened with the usual Christy Circle, in which Masters Kaeshagen, Doolette, Annear, Castine, Brown ing, Dickson, and A. Ferrier, also Misses Cissy Farrier, Lottie and Larrra Kelly, M. Browning and A. Windcheid appeared. The comic and sentimental songs were nicely rendered. Local hits and jokes were capital. The second part opened with a duet by by Cissy Ferrier and Isabel Rhead(the latter a child of 6 years) their performance was greeted with applause and an encore insisted upon Miss Lottie Kelly sang " Send for Mother Birdie's dying" very sweetly. Miss Laura Kelly then saug "Excelsior" fol lowed by master Dickson with a comic song" I wish I was a Fish", which took well; Miss A. Windcheid sang "The Bridge" splendidly and had to respond to an encore. Miss M. Brown ing also sang. " Far away" nicely. The enter tainment concluded with an amusing Farce en titled " Pete- and the Ghost" the characters were well sustained by those who took part in the circle. The funds were in aid of the Institute, and on behalf of the committee Mr. Bosworth (President) moved avoteof thanks to the perform ers which was heartily given. Mr. McGrath responded, and I understand that in consequence of the dscided success they have, been requested to repeat a similar performance on November 9 in aid of the banner fund of the newly-formed Juvenile Foresters, it is to be hoped that they will again come forward and give us a treat. We have been visited by Baxter & Seals Steam Circus, which is a most complete affair. It was largely patronised by young and old. The weather of late has been decidedly un settled, rain being badly wanted, it threatens almost daily. Crop3 are only fair and feed is very backward. 