THE UNWELCOME PREACHER. IN the fall of 1823, the Methodists of a certain town in Kentucky concluded that they were able, though but twenty-two in number, to support a preacher by themselves. Accordingly they wrote to the Conference, requesting the bishop to make a station of their village. Bat considering tbeir want of numerical and financial strength, it was deemed all-important that the minister sent them should be a man pf popular talents, because, unless he could command the admiration and conciliate the favour of the people, there was danger of failing to support him. They, therefore, asked for a brother JohnBon, at that time one of the most popular and effective ministers in the State, and made the getting of that particular man, the condition upon whith they wished to become a station. To them it was clear that the destinies of Methodism, if not of Christianity itself, inihat particular region, depended upon their having the man they wanted that' very year. It was thought advisable, however to station Br. Johnson elsewhere. There was in the Conference at the time a young man who had just been received into full connexion, without experience or reputation as a preacher, and by nature singularly disqualified for any position where his sensibilities were likely to be tried. Tender-hearted and addicted to gloom ; exposure to rude treatment, or, what •would be worse, a cold reception from those to whom he might be sent, would dishearten him at once. Some snch treatment most probably awaited any man, save Br. Johnson, who might be sent to the town of which we speak ; yet this young man was elected to go. Fortunately, however, the bishop was to accompany him. It is known to as many as were acquainted with Bishop George, that his most noticeable characteristic was prayerfulness. The frequency, fervour, and singular power with which he addressed the throne of grace, are mentioned as often as a reminisence of him are made. During their journey of some two hundred miles on horseback, the young preacher had abundant opportunity to observe and imbibe the spirit of this excellent man. Whenever they Btopped to meals, rest, lodging, or to see and encourage some pious family, whose residence by the way was known to them, they had a season of prayer. When about twelve miles from the place of the young man's destination, at the house of a brother S , the bishop was attacked with asthma, a disease to which he was very liable. The remedies which usually relieved him were tried without effect; the man of God got no better. At length he sent for the young preacher, and directing his attention to the sublime description of the New Jerusalem, contained in the book of the Revelation, desired him to take his bible into the grove, meditate upon that passage for a Beason, and then come in and preach to him about it: " for " said he, " I want to get happy. If my soul was powerfully blessed I think it would cure my body. " The young man, ever distrustful of his own power, was alarmed at the idea. He begged to be excused, and prompted perhaps aB much by fear as by faith, recommended to the bishop his never-failing expedient for getting happy—" prayer." " Well " said the sick man, " go out, my son, and shut the door : let me be feft alone. " His wish was complied with. In another moment he was composing his mind to its favourite employment: Elijah, wrapped in the mantle of prayer was alone with God. For a moment all was silent; but at length loud and repeated praises issued from the sick room. The family gathered round to rejoice with the man of prayer; and the immediate effect of the excitement was a cure of the malady so effectually, that the travellers proceeded on their journey in the morning. But before they started, the good brother with whom they were sojourning, broke to the unsuspecting young preacher the shocking intelligence, already in the reader's possession, that he would be an unwelcome arrival at the place of his appointment. Of course he was sunk at onca in the deepest dejection. Possessed of keen perceptions of the painful, nervously sensative to any unkindness, he was the very man to be overwhelmed in such a situation ; personal danger, trial, toil, would not have daunted him ; but to be coldly pushed off as not welcome, to feel that he was imposed upon a people who did not want him, was what he could not bear: instantly resolving therefore, not to submit to such a mortification, he hastened to communicatebisdiscoveryand his purpose toliis superintendent. The bishop aware of the feeling of revolt with which his protege was liable to be met, exhorted him nevertheless to determine upon nothing rashly ; to wait till he saw the place and the people ; and in the meanwhile give himself to prayer; adding, that he had felt pursuaded all the while that the appointment was "right, " and in the end would prove providential. This advice was reluctantly taken. Arrived at the station, they were guests of a prominent member of the church, known for many years afterwards as the usual host and fast friend of the preacher. The next morning as Bishop George was preparing to pursue his journey, he and the good brother of the house were conversing together in the parlour, while unknown to them, and without design, the young preacher was sitting on the porch near the window, with nothing but a thin curtain between him and them ; so that what passed within was distinctly audible to him. "Well, Brother," said the Bishop, "how will the young man do ?" "Not at all, he will not do at all, Sir: we might as well be left without a preacher altogether," was the emphatic reply. " 0, I hope you will like him better after awhile, " rejoined the old man; "treat him kindly, and I am pursuaded he will do you good. " "I have no objection" returned the host," to his staying at my house for a few weeks, if you desire it; but it will be useless : he is not the man we wanted." The poor young man could here no more; he crept from the porch almost blind with mortification ; the thought that he was to remain with a people who considered him a tolerated burden ; that every mouthful he ate was to be a charity; that he was to be a young and healthy mendicant, sickened him! He was lying in wait as the bishop sallied forth, and drawing him to a spot where they were sheltered from observation, he burst into tears, exclaming, "O Bishop, I cannot 9tay: I heard what passed in the room, and indeed you must release me." "Can you get your horse, and ride a little way with me? " This he did with alacrity ; glad of even an hour's respite from his painful position. After riding a few mileB, they turned off into the woods, and dismounting by a fallen tree, engaged in solemn and importunate prayer ; praying for light and help in that dark and trying hour; then taking the hand of his companion, the Bishop turned upon him a look of love, which none but a strong stern heart can feel—so deep and genuine was it—so full of serious concern and earnest sympathy. There is a smile too bright to be deep, it is born and it dies on the surface: not such was the impression of this good man's face, it shined clear as from a heart constrained by the love of Christ; it did not glitter, but its glow seemed to pervade and warm its object. A truly pious, and stern man, is always gentle ; and he only can impart that look, which like the remembered smile of a mother, will sometimes soothe us into delicious tears, twenty years after the face that wore it has perished. He concluded an addreBB fraught with parental feeling and sound wisdom, with, "Now my son, I will make you a proposition, see if you can fulfil the conditions of it:—go back to town, if you find a cross there bear it; diligently and lovingly peform every part of your duty; ' do the work of an evangelist;' fast once a week, and spend one hour of each day in special prayer, that God may open your way in that community. Do this for one month ; and if at the end of that term you do not feel willing to stay, consider yourself released from the appointment. Can you do this? He thought he could; upon which they took an affectionate leave of each other, and Enoch George—what signifies a title to such a man ?—turned towards the south-west, and resumed his pilgrimage of hardships. The young man eat upon his horse watching the receding form till it sank out of sight below the horizon. Not till that moment had he felt the exquisite bitterness of his cap. The " man angel " upon whom he had leaned, was gone; and he was left to grapple with his trial alone. He could have sobbed like a boy. Faithfully did he comply with the conditions of his promise through all the tedious month, without discerning any material change in his own feelings, or in the bearing of his people towards him, albeit one wicked man and his wife, had from the beginning endeavored to encourage him. ' Finally the last Sabbath arrived of the month during which he had promised to stay ;< the glad village bells were pealine their summons to the house of God, as our hero—was he not a hero ?—arose from the struggle of the last convenanted hour of prayer, he walked towards the little attic-window, which commanded a view of most of the Btreets, wiping his eyes, and thinking of the few reluctant hearers who awaited him, when, lo ; what a sight met his gaze ! group after group of citizens were flocking towards the Methodist church. At first a a sense of awe came over him, and then a class of mingled feelings, as if confidence, and strength, and joy were storming the heart; while fear and weakness, and mortification still disputed the right of possession He hastened to his pulpit; and as he arose from the first silent prayer, the thoughts of his victory thrilled through him like the voice of a clarion. His texts was Isah. vi. 4 :'' And the posts of the door moved at the voice of him that cried." The attention was arrested by the announcement; for the voice that had been wont to tremble with embarrassment now rang clear with a tone of authority ; his eye, hitherto confused and unsteady, now kindled with " a light that never shined on sea or shore." FreBh from the chamber where he had just accomplished his thirtieth hour of special prayer, the live coal had touched hi9 lips, he was with a witness, " a man sent from God,'' and gloriously baptised with the Holy Ghost. He referred his text back to the point at which Chr'it first interposed for man's salvation ; the voice that cried " Lo ! I come to do Thy will." He applied it to the sacrificial offering of Jesus ; the voice that cried, "It is finished." He carried forth the application to " the right hand of the Majesty on high," where the Intercessor makes his dying word immortal, crying, with infinite iteration, "Father, forgive them," to the day when sound shall make its next impression upon " the dull, cold ear of death ;" when, at the " voice of the Son of God, the dead, small and great, shall rise." The power of the Highest was manifestly upon the audience, and the presence of an ambassador of Christ was attested by sobs and groans from every part of the house. The preacher descended from the pulpit, without pausing in his discourse : he invited to the place of prayer those who desired to flee from the wrath to come. With loud cries for mercy, sinners came streaming down the aisle, and before the congregation were dismissed, seven souls professed to find peace in believing. t'.^Hi When the meeting broke up, the pastor hastened back to his closet. Many a time had he entered it disheartened and sad, never before in triumph. He thought of good Bishop George, and his steady persuasion that the appointment was "right," of the fasting and prayers,—all the way down to the last hour's experience,—and his faith in God and in the efficacy of prayer, then and there settled down into a substance upon which time has made no impression. Thirty- one years of toil and change bad passed over him since that sweet Sabbath ; the vicissitudes of an Itinerant's life had led him through heat and cold, by night and day, from one end of Kentucky to the other, till " He is known to every star, And every wind that blows." Forms then unknown, afterward became dear as life, and then perished from his sight; sickness and sorrow, pain and death, have left their scars upon his form and heart; but nothing has ever shaken his confidence in the God that answers prayer. The memory of this bright morning is as fresh beneath his grey hair as it was beneath his locks of jet. Like trampled chamomile the virtues of his spirit took deeper root for being bruised ; and shed a perfume that has sweetened life's atmosphere ever since. For four weeks very little else was attended to but the revival. Stores and shops were closed during the hours of worship, which occurred twice, and often three times a day. At one of the meetings, held in a private house, where the venerable John Littlejohn was present, a call was made for those who wished to join the church, and one hundred and eleven persons presented themselves for admission. Thus the permanent establishment of Methodism in Russelville, Kentucky, was effected, under God, through the instrumentality of THE UNWELCOME PREACHES.— Selected. 