ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL. THE PROGRESS OF THE BUILDING. A very marked advance in the works at St. Mary's Cathedral has taken place within tho Inst few months ; aud, although these represent a small instalment only of what remains to bo done to complete that portion of the Cathedral already commenced,, they represent a conside rable outlay. The largo memorial-window of stained glass at tho end of tho church over looking the Domaiu ; tho gable over this win dow ; the rcrcdos of the high altar, and that of the altar in Ladyc Chapel: and the beautifully wrought communion-rail, have all been erected within the last six or eight 'months, and at a cost of about £7080. Thu stained glass window, which is a memorial to tho late Archbishop Vaughan, is probably tho finest iu the southern hemisphere, aud is tho work of Messrs. Hard- man and Powell, of Birmingham, who, under the advice of tho architect, Mr. Ward ell, wero employed to execute tho whole of the stained glass in tho Catliedrni. The following is a description furnished by them of tho design of tlie window : — " The cyclo of subjects arranged for represen tation in tho stained glass of., tho different windows of tho Cathedral, soino of whicli have already been completed and placed in situ, com prises most of tho ovents in tho life of Our Blessed Lady. Theso lead up to and," in view of the dedicatory titlo of tho Cathedral, find their appropriate finnlo iu tho great north win dow, iu which is depicted her coronation in heaven, with other illustrative sconos and inci- » dents connected with it. In order to make tho description of the window fully intelligible, nnd so help to a clear understanding of tho artist's intention in tho design, au outline of its main features will now bo given. Across tho ontiro central portion of tho eight lights form ing the lower und principal part of the window is represented the titular and chiof subject— tho coronation of the Blessed Virgin in heaven, surrounded by a multitude of angels and saints tho wholo surmounted with a stately canopy which, over the central portion of the throno rises in rich tabernacle work to tho apex of tho lights. This being par oxcelionce tho motif of the window, is treated on a larger and broader scale than tho rest of tho work, so as to give it due prominence and importance. In six circles, cacli extending through two lights, ami enclosed within a floral border, two being placed immediately above the aforesaid canopy and four benenth, tho subject of tho Coronation is set forth tho source und origin of sin through pride and disobedience, lirst on the part of the rebellious, angels, and then of our first parents, Adnm nnd Eve, with tho punishments that fol lowed. Thu humility and obedience of tho Blessed Virgin, on the contrary, by iter ready co-operation ill tho divine plan for the redemp tion of mankind, by tho Incarnation of tho Sou of God, obtains for us a reversal of the conso- quences of this dreadful evil, nnd merits for her- self that crowning with immortal glory iu heaven, which is tho theme of the window. Thu intervening spaces iu tho lights are covered with twining branch- work of lilies, emblems of Jlitryjs virginal purity ; amid its graceful curves are placed a lino of holy women from tho Old Testament, who may liu regarded as types and precursors of her who was to bo tho crown and glory of the female sex. In tho tracery, which divides itself into tlirco distinct groups of open ings, is represented Our Lady in the threefold character of Daughter of tho Eternal Father, Mother f the Eternal Sou, and Spouse of tho Holy Ghost." ' The gablo over this window is now complete, and, indeed, except some small works of carving, the north end of tho cathedral may he regarded as finished. The gable itself is of most ciaborato design, tho architect having evidently and vory properly regarded it as the crowning portion of that part of tho eiiilieo whore tho richest em bellishment should he displayed. The masonry of tho gablo is sunk int.o tracory as blank win dows ; but the live " lights " of tho contral window are tilled up with richly cntiopied niches, in which are statues of life size. The central figure is that of tho Blessed Virgin, who is re presented as holding up tho Divine Infant for tho adoration of the world ; and on tho right of the Madonna are statues of St. Joseph and St. Francis Xuvier, and on tho left those of St. John tho beloved diseiplo, and of St. Pat- . riek. The rcrudos to tho high altar, and that to tlie aitar in tho Ladyo Chapel, are now com pleted except tlie statues, which arc left for future addition. Tlie statues und carver's works wero carried out for tho contractor by Mr. Max well and the communion fail by Mr. Richards, and all tho works except tlie stained glass liavo been executed from tlie designs and under tho direction of Mr. W. W. Wardell, tho architect of thu cathedral, tho contractor being Mr. John Ypung. It is scarcely necessary to remind our readers that Mr. Wardeil's greatest works nro in tlie sister colony of Victoria, where his namo will he over remembered as the architect of St Patrick's Cathedral and tho Melbourne Post Office. St. Mary's, Sydney, when completed will mid new lustre to tlie fame of its designer. 