WHY SHE WANTED A KISS. 'Kias me again.' Sybil Sartoris spoke these words in a grave, calm manner that betokened the serions import in which she held them, and as Herbert Holdfast beat tenderly forward and pressed bis lips softly to hers, she looked up to him in the sly, cat -on-the-back -fence i&suiuo;, untL uau. so wiccuea mm in tae golden-hued days of conrtship. There was no tint of deception in the pure nature of this girl, and her every act was the result of reflection, often profound. Brought up in Boston, she had all her life been accustomed to put to its best use the power of discernment which a thoughtful mind gave Surrounded as she was by the mystic influences of Emerson, the Concord School of Philosophy, and several large warehouses where mackerel were sold, it is small wonder that when, standing on the threshold of womanhood, she bpbelil suitors for her heart and band approaching, she had analysed with critical care the hopes and fears of each — had subjected the character of every wooer to tne ngia scrutiny or a mind that, seated cross-legged on the starry summit of psycho logical research, looked upon a man as only vivified protoplasm, and the deepest emotions of the heart aa merely the manifestations of a Herbert knew this. He knew that this girl, the rounded curves of whose figure and the dewy sweetness of whose lips would have made an anchorite leave his job without a pang, had naught of passion in her nature. And so when he had complied — oh, so gladly — with her request, there stalks from out the banquet hall of his imagination, where they bad so long been unwelcome guests, the sheeted ghosts of doubt and apprehension. He knew now that Sybil loved him with a love that would never falter or fail ? a love that, securely built upon a foundation of respect and admiration, was now crowned with the large, roomy, mansard roof of a dealhleBs, neverchxnging passion. Her words proved it. Never before had she even as much as hinted at * kiss, and when he had sought to takcone she had submitted to his caresses more as a dutiful than as an ardent lover. But now all was changed, and it was she who sought the bliss— that a large, well-regulated, three atorey-and- baaement kiss alone can give. The thought was ecstacy. ? You love me better to-day, Sibyl,7 he said, 'than you did yesterday. Is it not so, darling ?' ' No,' she answers, standing there calm and pulseless as a clam at high tide. 4 Then, why,1 he says, * did you ask me to kiss you ?' * Because, * Sibyl replies, 'I desired to ascertain whether or not you had been drinking rum. * 