^ ? _ 1 'TWO STORIES OF THE SEEN A2\D UjSTSEEN.' I A new book in two parts with this title has just been published. It is reputed to be by the author of 'A little Pilgrim in the Unseen,3 and there is not a little about it that reminds one of that brave but reverent venture into the realms of the invisible. There is the same limpid transparency of style, the same ease of movement, the same air of weirdness and awfulness in the work. A similar suggestive neES also abounds in it, hints of meanings far deeper than those that meet the eye or ear— a qviality which is so invaluable in any treatment of what under limitation may be termed the ' supernatural.' Once and again it contains the account of those 'blank misgivings of a creature moving about in worlds not realised,' which, if not peculiar, are at least common to works of this stamp. From internal evidence therefore it is probable that Mrs. Oliphant is the writer, and if that be so it only furnishes another proof of her versatility. To the majority she is best known as one of our most prolific ?writers of fiction, but ehe also writes histories ©f English literature and biographies, such as those of Edward Irving, bhe is editor of a series of Continental or European classics; and not content with and not exhausted by abors so 'various, she also makes occasional efforts eueh as the present to depict a state of things in which the action of the senses is either suspended or overruled, and the condi tions of tune and space are factors unknown or inactive. No one would contend that she is the equal of George Eliot. Still though she . lacks her masculine grasp, her relentless analysis, her philosophical acumen, and her vast research, she can yet easily hold her own with any writer, male or female, for flavor and delicacy, for 'sweetness and light,' at the same time that ehe can be keen and graphic and vigorous and trenchant when occasion demands. The headings of the two stories — ' The Open Door' and 'Old Lady Mary' — convey no idea at all of their character or contents. The former of the two would come under the de nomination of what is usually called 'ghost stories.' Only the reader of this notice should understand that the term is used in no vulgar sense. No imputation of coarseness either of sentiment or of description can be laid at -the door of Mrs. Oliphant's literary productions. The outline of things is briefly as follows: — A gentleman returning from service in India takes up a temporary abode in a country mansion not far from Edinburgh. His family consists of his wife, one son, and two daughters. There is the complement of servants usual in such considerable houses. Business demands the father's presence in London after a number of months. While sojourning in the metropolis he meets troops of old friends, who with forcible kindness compel him to their houses. In this way he fails to get on delivery the letters forwarded to him at his hotel. On his turning uu there he finds several communications, some marked urgent along with the telegrams. Opening one of the latter, which was also the later of the two, he reads — 'Why don't you come or answer ? For God's sake come. He is much worse.' The telegram preceding this did indeed throw some light on it, but the light was but the forerunner of a greater dark ness — 'No better. Doctor afraid of brain fever. Calls for you day and night. Let nothing detain you.' In the endurance of intolerable pain and under the impulse of un controllable excitement the father hurries home to find his son laboring under the delusion — as it is called — of having heard the sobbing and moaning of an invisible sufferer among the ruins of an old building on the estate. Here is the way in which the boy tries to explain matters to the astonished parent, the bed room having been cleared on purpose: ' Father, there is some one in the park, some one that has been badly used. ... I don't know who it is. It is just a cry. Oh ! if you could hear it. It gets into my head in . my deep. I heard it as clear as clear — and they think I am dreaming or raving perhaps.' What staggers the father is the power of self consciousness, and of eelf-control which the boy is able to exercise, and the piteous per sistency with which he beseeches him to do something for the relief of the being whose agony had so wrung his young heart, if indeed any relief were possible. Accordingly, ? the story goes on to tell the measures adopted by the man to fulfil the wishes of his boy, the unearthly experiences encountered^ in their prosecution and the success attending them. To do justice to the book it would be necessary to transfer it altogether to these pages, because it does not lend itself readily to quotation. It is too much of a piece, too coherent, too consecutive for that. But one or two extracts may serve to show the ' trend' of the book, as a geologist might say. On the occasion of one of the visits to the ruins the gentleman is accompanied by the doctor and the clergyman of the place. As the sound of the melancholy voice breaks upon the trio one of them seems to recognise it, and addresses it as if it be. longed to some one he knew — ' Willie, Willie ! Oh, God preserve us; is it you?' . . . 'Is this right to come here? Your mother's gone with your name on her lips. Do you think she would ever close her door on her own lad ? [The voice is represented as moan tnir tmt in toTi«s nf ineffable sorrow and anneal. ' Oh, mother, let me in ; oh, mother, let me in.'] Do you think the Lord will close the door, ye faint-hearted creature?' . . . What may be the writer's object in the publication of a book like this? To defend the reality of apparitions? Not directly at least, however willing ehe might be to acknow ledge that there are phenomena hi that sphere which, if they have been correctly examined and reported have not yet at least been satis factorily explained. To avow herself a disciple of spiritualism ? Certainly not ; because she not only does not commend and does not con demn the usual spiritualistic manifestations, but she does not even chronicle or refer to them. It is much more likely that she means to put in a word for the theory that human fate is not unalterably settled and unchangeably fixed at the moment of death. Every possibility of amendment is not then destroyed, all the germs of good in a man are not then annihilated ; wliile the material con ditions are entirely altered the moral con ditions remain the tame ; this is the impres sion produced by 3. perusal of the hook. It may be somewhat erroneous or even wholly wrong. . For Mrs. Oliphaiit does not,- like an inferior artist, tag. her moral on to her book. Her meaning lfjwst be gathered -from the ima ginary narrative itself; One thing at least is certain. It is eminently calculated to strengthen in the reader that charity towards man which hopeth all tilings, and that faith in God which belie veth all things. One single sentence from the story itself might perhaps without injustice be accepted as its motto. ' An old man like me,' said the clergyman, ' is sometimes not very sure what he believes. Tlwre is just one tiling I am certain of, and that is the loving-kindness of the Lord.' The second storv in the book has also its principal scene in the ' border-land,' but with a difference. ' .Lady Mary,' like ' Willie,' represents a restless spirit in the beyond, but whereas in the latter people of flesh and blood hear and in a manner help the unearthly visitant, in the former the unearthly visitant cannot be heard except by the innocent children, and cannot be lieljied by any. The plot of this section of the little work, if one may employ sneh a term, is sometliing' like tliis. The Lady Mary lias kept trained and educated n.p orphan girl as her child, and while affecting in answer to the urgent protests of her friends to have made no will at all, she lias made one, but has so effectually concealed it ^in a secret drawer that on her suddejily dying no will can be found, and the young girl is cast helpless and. penniless upon the world. Coming to consciousness on the other side of the border-land Lady Mary's heart begins to swell with unspeakable sympathy and sorrow for the girl she has thus by a mere whim predestined to poverty. How she obtains leave to visit again the 'glimpses of the moon,' though warned of the pain she would incur; how she hears herself loudly condemned by those she left behind, with the notable exception of the orphan herself; how she looks at her wistf ully and speaks toher — as she thinks — in words audible and intelli gible, T)ut all in vain, for no sound is heard : Low, m one word, she pays the awful penalty of ber conduct — is told in language simple, refined, suggestive. The ingenious way in which, what-for v.-ant of other terms, we may call the terrestrial and celestial are woven together, the throes of agony she bears by veason of her great love for the girl' which yet cannot be made known to her, the sense and strangeness- -with- which the_ newly-liberated spirit contemplates the conditions of the un mortal state, and many other things, will strike the thoughtful reader of the book. The last lines on its pages seem to contain the key of the second narrative. ' They all gathered [in the other world] to see the wanderer coming j back. She- was not as she had been when she went away. - Hef face,' which hadbeen so easy, was worn with trouble. Her eyes were -deep j ?with things unspeakable. Pity and knowledge 1 were in the lines which time had not made. On coming to herself, however, the- dark lines melt away from her faco, and with a low cry of happiness she says, ' I am forgiven. She whom 1 wronged loves me and blessed me ; I and we saw .each', other face to face.' ' There i is no more,-' said all together, for everything is i included in pardon and love.' 