TALES AND SKETCHES. A Voice From the Grave. . It was a hot summer's daj midday in December. - Hot, do I say? Hot alone dcos notdcscribo it. It was bcwilderingty hot ; a bright, blazing ; to quote Hiss Iza Doffus, Hardy inhorvivid.portrayal of Now York heat, "a day when- the air smelt tho san." A day when one breathed in thirst with every breath, a dreadful thirst which.no cooling drinks ssBuogo ; a day when unhappy- dogs,- who always feel the heat keenly, go about with tbeir red tongues painfully protruding 5 a day of unmitigated bine sky and scourging sunshine. In tho pretty town of Oldminster tho'day was qoite unbearable for there it was market day,' and tbo resonant voices of the farmore, the shrill cries of the womenj the crowing of cocks aod the squealing of pigs really did scorn to intensify tho lieat. The inns swarmed, for farmers are so happily con stituted as to bo able to eat in all weathers. However, there was one cool 8potin01dminiater, and that cool spot was Dr. G rale's stndy. The win dow of it looked into an old-fashioned high-walled garden, with big trees capable of shade standing all- about it and in the the centre a - well-tended grass plot. Dr. Grale was the medical man of the town, and he was a man well loved, for not only was ho skilful in his profession, bat ho bad an unusually Kind heart. , On this particular day of which I write, tbe'docter'bad'finishcd his simplo two o'clock dinner, and before setting forth on his after-dinner round, was rest ing himself for a few minutes in his study, drinking slowly, as araao should, a glass.: of good claret, when he beard the hall bell ring, and in another mo ment Jones, bis especial servant, pre sented himself. "If you please, sir," began the pan ; " Lady Langsford was taken ill in the town as alio was turning for home. She directed tho coachman to drive bore, and just before they reached tbc bouse sho fainted." . Grale sprang up and hurried to tbo street door. In a minute more the sick woman had been brought in and laid upon the sofa in bis study, the carriago waiting outside in case she would be able to proceed on her woy to tho Hqll, some six miles distant. This, Dr. Grale soon saw wonld bo ont of the question ; for when ho had recovered her from tho fainting fit into which she had fallen, sbo failed to recognise him, though he was one of her oldest friends. Sho pressed lier- hands against her forhead and moAned as ia dire pain It seemed sho had felt the heat all day very acutely, and had driven into Oldminster only to see a friend who bad been taken ill tbere the day before As her carriage was making its way back through tho crowded High Street, it was encountered by a farmer's gig driven at a reckless pace. A smart collision ensued, and though no harm was done to cither vehicle, tho shock seemed qoite to unnerve Lady Langsford who had been for some time past in evi dent pain from her hend. When she called to the coachman and told him to drive as quickly as be could to Dr. Grale'e, she spoke so low, he said, that he could only jast make her out, and looked so whito ho was frightened and and thought she might bo going to die, Grale rang tho bell for his housekeeper and gave her directions to undress Lady Langsford, to. pnt her to bed in the spare room, and to keep her out of tbo sun. Then lie sat down and wrote theso'few lines -"DearBirChafloai— " " "" -Toot wife was taken illin Oldminster this afternoon and -wisely bad herself driven here, bat before the boase could be reached sho bod-fainted; She is qoite unable to pro ceed to the hall, being at present quite de lirious and- knowing no one. ' 8bc has been pot to bed,- and I will do my -utmost ; bat I cannot disguise from yon that her condition ia. most critical. Sbe is- suffering from a severe attack of sunstroke and a shock to the nervous system. - She has not been strong for some time past I think yoo should come as soon as possible. Perhaps she might know yon. " Yours faithfully, "J. Quale. 12, Oldminster Bond." Then he went to watch by. the bedside of Lady Langsford, sending his assist ant — a man much more than equal to tlie work that, would have to be done tliat day— to. tako his placo io the round of visits. Oldminster Bond 'was ono of those roads which seem to lead nowhere, so that even on this market day it was qnite enough. There were trees on the opposite sido of tho way, and' beyond, fields n-sbimmcr in the sunshine. The doctor sat alone by the sick woman, and tho faint, light falling iuto the room, showed a face of great beanty, a fair oval face, with soft, serious eyes, now in tent with a strange far away look. The month was exquisitely enrved, prond and sensitive.' The hands which tossed restlessly upon tho coverlet were long and slender. " Clara, my dear," said tho doctor, bending down, "don't you know me?" Bat sho did not and only moaned as in sore pain. Once npon a time, bnt years gone by, the doctor— now worn, in tho world's fight— had hoped that this fair girl might havo became his wife. Bat no, she loved .him not in that way, and married for love, a young handsome but not very successful artist. They had been married bnt two years when bcr husband died, sho having tame him in that time n daughter whom they had' christened Mary. Ten years after this when sbo was in bcr tbirty-fifth year, Btill beautiful to see, she married again. It was a good, worldly match this time, for Sir Charles brought with bitn not only name, but a fortune as large as'the name of. Langsford was ancient Her friends said that she married him neither for his position nor his wealth. Sbe herself came of an old family, and she bad money enough. She: married him only because lie importuned so long and well, and perhaps she' was lonely ; sbe had few friends, for sbe was a rescrred woman, and seemingly no relatives, nothing bat her little girl Mnry. Of courso her friends and relatives said very differently. By this second marriage there had been no children, though they had been married now 6omesix or seven Tears. It was whispered through the country that from loving her madly Sir Cbarles was beginning to Irate his wife, because she had not borne him on heir. If 6hc died, it was .further whispered, it would not bo long before be married again. All these reports the doctor had beard and more than once bis heart had bled for ber whom he had longed, bnt longed so vainly, to make his own. From hoar to hoar the day decreased ; and tho only chungo in the patient was that the delirium gained ground. Sbe wonld start up in;bcd, reaching ont her arms, and sobbing ; ".Mary, Mary, come to me, denr pet 1 Ah— sec ! Keep him from her or he will do her somo barm. " " She is qnite safe," said the doctor soothingly, " lrave.no fear." Then for a few minutes tbo sick woman wonld, say nothing more, only moaning pitcously and tossing from side to side. Then sbe would burst oat again with : " He'll keep his promise 7 Hell do what ho said he would 1 " Then she would come quiet again. Some hoars had passed when a horse reined .np in front of the doctor's house. Grab heard the sound, and bidding his housekeeper watch by the sick woman, went down stairs, and met in the hall, as he had expected, Sir Charles. Sir Cbarles, not beloved by bis tenantry, a man with agood figure, and a handsome, resolute and hard face. I should not like to have been anyone craving pity of sncli a man. "Well>" he began in his not unmusi cal voice, but speaking with indifiorcnce, " I got your letter, and hero I am, you see. I suppose its nothing serious ? " " Did 1 write, Sir Charles, as if it were nothing serious 7" " Certainly not ; but then you doctors have a way of making mountains out of molo bills, to show bow clever you have been in demolishing thcin. No, no, you must not be cross, or think mo rude. I liko lots of doctors, Individually, you among thom, but collectively I do not liko them. I think them shams, and that wo should get on mueb better with out tliera." "Your views arc of tho greatest in terest, Sir Charles," replied the doctor with freezing courtesy," but just now j your wife Is dying I feat. She as axrach loved In the country," und, he anight baro added not unpitjecL 2ne £hc goodness to come tlus war, and 2 vuB take yon to lier." So tbc two men. one who listed amd the other who trorslumrad, went and stood beside the bed, Imt the woman lying thereon knew neither of them, mid the look In her eyes— that look width words can never render, seemed to say, more than anything else, perhaps, that she would soon enter -"that bourne from which no traveller return a." " Clara," said her hushand, as it were draping his voice In mourning dor the occasion, " Are you no better, Clara V But " Mary, I want my little Haay," was all the sick woman moaned, and her breath came quickly and painfully. "The child should be sent for," suggested the doctor. "Impossible" objected the other, firmly. " Will you Inform me whr at as impos sible 7" "Certainly not, Yonr business, Dr. Grale, is with the sick and dying, sot with those who are whole." " Mnry, Maty," moaned the dying woman, and even more faintly, " I went my child i Was that her cry J Icre sho is, poor little lore " And opening sbe arms sbo seemed to he draaingaome- thlng into them, and folding it again at her breast " That is well " said the doctor. Then : two low cries rang through the room? Tbere was a slight gasping for breath Then all was still. Dr. Grale bent down and looked at the face which had grown gray in a few minutec. Ho carefully felt pulse and heart ; then he dosed gently the eyes from which all light had gone, and said : " It Is over." " Yes," soid Sir Charles, applying a handkerchief to hiB particularly direr es. " Yes ; she died at rest, and that js all that can be said. I suppose I must at onco see about the funeral. As soon as the coffin is prepared the sad burden it contains will be brought to the hall. No better man, I suppoBe than Detford to employ on such a sad occasion 1 As soon as I hare made all the necessary arrangements I shall ride back to the hall." "I fear," said Grnle, "the fnseral will bare to he a speedy one." u I should fear «o," said the baronet. " I should rciy much fear eo so as there is no time te be lost, I will widi you good night, and hnnj off. I am qnite sure that all man could do, you did." " That did I," said the other man, as he followed the baronet out. Then returning to the room be flung lumBelf on his knees beside the bed, and kissed rererently the cold, beautiful bands on which his hot tears fell. Then he withdrew. The women having come to perform the last jrad offices of death. Tbo twilight found him sitting is lus stndy, where she had been brought is that afternoon, never more io recognize him with those soft, 8eriofl6-looHsg-eyes of hers. Not infrequently, when return ing from shopping is Oldminster, the bad called upon him as an old friend, or to consult him about some sot renr important ailment. In ibis his study,: as being the pleasantest room in fhe boose, ho had always received her. His old passionate love of ber bad yielded to the force of circumstances, and bad changed into a feeling of exalted friend ship. So that on these occaslonsitbad been restful and good to listen io be r low, sweet voice, to look at ber. pale prond beauty. And best of all was fhe sense of her slender band in liis as he ! felt the pulse which, alas, was loo -often irregular in its beats; and now, never again while he lived would she come in and sit there on the sofa, ber wonted seat daring those visits which io him were always so much too brief. Hewas a lonely man, and the light of her pure friendship going out of Lis life lelt it dark indeed — how dark some of us perhaps can fancy, we who with such light withdrawn sit in the darkness and weep oor unrailing tears. The summer night was settling down over crciy thing when Sir Charles Langs ford rode into the grounds appertaining to the hall. The occasional flutter -of a bird's wiogs in sleep, and Ike sole of the night-jsr were the only sounds that stirred the moonlit stillness. Hr Charles rode round to the stables, left Ins horse to U seen to, and then went to the house. Entering the diningroom, he instructed a servant to request Hiss Groves to wait upon him. She appeared shortly. She looked a women of about forty-five, with a well-knit, flexible figure, and the expression of the mouth was'kindly hat firm. Her voice was low and composed. " Good evenmg, Miss Grove" began Sir Charles, " alas ! I am th« briugerof UIB eUUUCSb MMUIg!! — " Sure/ no acciesl 3mb chnncetl io Lady Langsford 1" " Tbat is it," -went on Kr CbarleE, " she Tt'as taken III qnite suddenly nt Doctor Grade's to-day, and only a. few bours ago expired tbere from the effects of sunstroke. Please inform be ser vants of sad fact/ and, after a pause, " JIary/of course-" " I am more grieved tlinn I can say — said Miss Groves, aB, seeing tbe con versation was at at end, she turned snd left tbe room. Ebe told ber sad news to the servants. Then sbe went to her bed room which stood in a remote wing of tbe hoilso. Jn Ibis apartment a girl, tall and litbe as a willow, was walking up and down, and saying over and over to herself: " I want mama. I want my mama. Why does she not come to bid diary good night ?" Then, catching sight of Miss Groves sbe stopped in her walk, and, raising her eyes to tbat lady's face, said, in a tone which was at once dazed and acute, " Have you brought mama.' Dp you know where she is 2" " Mama," said JEes Groves Idndiy, I " is staying the night at OJdminster." "Audvriwjf ife.SjfmgtdisttJ-'jBifedi ibe girl inn -lone wtiieSi wire stt once bewildered and deuiC- -"dieemise eiieiir mating -"iAnda'ue wnn) fe enrne cosmy®10' niirhliu Ma-y2'" " "joiioruigai,.StaC j Toe gtrl vnc nlietc rthr ssfianttfinw. Then .he eaid — > ifforr will esaomi" "" Vben SBnrr vriiH fe Jimfifiisfir rqilitd Miss iGrnvw-IbmBetimg Her iln. and Hjieakhip virih iguiet oeoiftltfnrr,, j -while, -taking fhe grfl liw rtiif wrintt sti« j forced her dornnujuro rtoe'ihet' sogirimg fo control ibervutbiiierrfwse. UHffcliillfi crejii into he d, and Silled Bp- die IW sound of aires (Gmved jjfieosmtt wifce aiuging .» pTamtivc rfeu&n; aft J wtos anno askqa Maw O«oon)e.-tir (fTtscfes DhtrngiturdTc rrtepdanglrter, » one sfrstSOT vans of agc- .Che :b#B a vtiigiit fKRpie ffipuw- and-wBswewro-sfftfl'itaafll W mnra> -nrente. SHer jafle :fac;, droned frn ttiimi- daut masersofdrrfk limit, twos pmmllw and deafly ent. BiwwtilBlimvelieeD « beautiful daseibni Jur liar wtiielii, notwithstanding fiey ware limpc ami; deeply -siote;, -had an diem dimt folic which proriairos fie «ml!f SiitoEtEaf- Ooe might have said tjbatriie Hnmfo of i er iife"f dhea; !imd iromnined pjfntfttif at a iiltle -Hot 3fwf mi, J£StfrnessFie was iiahie fo ontimrale erf tars g, eipeeS- ally if hroUKitt rnoenjeraedw rnmtnig strangers. There OTrliBKfaj, Fwwnrott- were kept -under , coin-nil Bjy pimiifimenc;, -which, -while revere, Tree fro dbr Higjirait sense hnmane, for ii/uib Lady JLnrijsfiitril and Miss -Grove iirreddhey/inr.niliiuijiE girl, and were determined SO forty flier -with liieiuwives.aod So wine fiisr Stiim foiling into .other and mil'rirfmg liiOTilif- Marr loved and .revogifced flier mntfirar and her hioU,3f drnii, hetpar jjintt me ® foithfifl -dc-g aitght ids. Siire w»s happiest whro jjilaelng wiUb Heir foil;. taking to St as If irfwere a iTwe riimgnr lirrteiiiog tomoriir, .o: wiiicih sneroiily seemed yasehrnateiy ifiaiih WTiruupjifSe a little Sliing coe;:»flii«eii aroijireC Swiir her nurse" anoE, and Sinrt foil! Droll destroyed ibe power nif her linuiu- Tbe neat creifmg. jjuat tee teviliiiS was foiling, f wo iOoSeruitetje mran Hone the dark irnidrooTamasriire code raiffo tbrongh fhe alreele off (SKlhrfnaCsrt Tbey entered She rdnsiiris liarosr and went heirrUy mjafoiiE with fS p Bolt Bte. Grolewouldrhavernoaiien lonofe conne near her who had ibeeo She forte off fifo Iffe, so he and iliis olid aitcs nmw foir ' maim years Tins inoUK&e-greg.; Soifc dire Star msible ila roe la wo Sic fiord So foy is fin fits fiast narrow fiomre. hliem Sire d octor diemfissed She olid wnmmo for Sue nigirt, and fiochmgihirositiif fin Sire mono of death, iueit rdnvtu liy S'rre tsiflTro so walthandpnyallitiigut. Se liritfi lirof; little sS her fin fofo, fine do tfeufn s lie seemed So he all fnV- Ke anrilrS ffmr.y lliut she -whajreied diaries So liiito ffrr nlll the fiittle offices off Senfismeas fire DmP fiad shown So iherff tdea, -nndu tee not letting strange fiaoos aottiv Diet. Bis inewSfahe -einfld dirniie Dims fir ary=- tlring she woiilfl have dtarfoefi fiiirc fir Hint, Jorshe lad fteeo fin iior Ufo mo -nnoBnafily prond aod rreorrwed twimmr- The aiest moruing dire nmdntltfomfoi men received am early rmmmniw Sotfia doctors house. The Did Dry ore dire coffin as firry dhernsdlveE limfi fitfc fg. after the -doctor, with tfhe aetuttimaeaH his housekeeper, Sad USled for Site Ihoiy- fitfimd firren rranved Ihut stpfitced! lijr Dr. Grale. BJutiri trtee seasrvrsD ifomo now- Tiiis fiord fioreu mss«imtyp Bfc Grale ezphfmed, wlom Siir (Dimto.f,,BJ> sjecling fhe <sacvatSimtdtii'ae off fiutp appeared .shortly after So Doric fills HnrS on -fhefoseoff doetvnmau fire Sail grrovm lofiale. He was aundh reltssefi So ffioD tTutS this firksome .eerenoroy Dad Dean sqiovkS him. t6l aight.apassoatSaottfesrsrOi- teutiim, a fireirse rsno-ayed dire reifSrn So the Hall, there So mwrii; ftiSeroonS am (Jim morrow, jSts fit iwomtd afrnvfy off' dim fiong avenue forge rraitviiripe fiagmi S® foil, and a wind' anddeiDy irianr Sorvaill nmoog the Sreee. Si ssstaeS as iff dim snmnier had sudderliy diotnjStt off Hie end and was yrrotesfrng aguiteS fit- Tire coffiu was diiheo no Dforiy ILniigc- fordEaparitnetdc,audSheseIG8st(foroW,, kneeling fin- fit, weirt Sir dire tyoniiun I'mlll fherein, -who foad Ibeeu dofirsr «o ggtefnoff a mistress so foithfifl a rfiteirih The next .flay, mofer ao&floiliitigt; roiuy shjet the coluii -.witf fotrcneil fnoo the simple grave rjoeptneU fir fit fiu dim -unjrreteu ding Tillage otirnrduratd wliene the other Daogrrfoiil £hy, MiesGrovee flswiBEdliesridKeimrtinitCy to Mary, and ariroys dire siitliii Ihipc firriiiir — -"IVherejsamimno? Wiiy tfir« not mnuims some S" " And always She Ikfiod Scarf off ICkf Groves shrunk fintu ddltitgdfo Dmfifose girl that she would msrasi mwor see Dor -matums. -cj-fltn. fitftver icitf at no firftr. ntur/rz Iubp ber ifoss .«u3 Anfi utnnelhtn must be a& wolh aff the ceififl, uhe bwmt due Mtfi ttiufc- -"Dear," she lUsanp la bev lap, -auS ih'ff fii>.-nl) rtquirinc hertibfraifec, rriniifi tip fwe roirf tvn> bopjy jfvtm -ilid art c it# mumiintfinr X wwulfl »creinrtr .-ntJwmsfl tag inuln io avwilifie ritrwtqfu .ill! Heir lituhs, os M/znefmies <w# c.nu sat: rtta- boughs >i& o iree nnmiifie tarttrq, $ roffar os one trau theoenheriuPriajsntrtHaifl Xi No,1" mijswsrefl JBftS jrtiu vroifid out So Silrtrt, tatuWrt; Ut W<jufill .grieve tar. iunb no hurt ber wzv x uhe drtufifi -"But dbe wilv.aiirjfjiltc C;lifinfiwti?ir tacauhe she tms muS dtaflrtrtr ohllil, ivuiu qrfirnt slue fiaffitasai iolil za'itttug bsr tun# .-as (sfiiTifmrti fln .eoiwelluit. 43he ta a&rwg; s lired. Dirtijfie oik tik sffvar tfrtjdl Bi/<ev,iuid 1 .are d'uvfi vrtuwvrsgpbv tad, buiv dons viihe ipp t5tz£!v Dew/ -aag ihe irseic rtdi ICwc jnauiuia xoi- irn& Slue js-v«lli»ndbaj»j»v, but -tit# litre #nm iv Ion# trav olP-rflUdh .-a-wcjlhaoiclian |ltj)<jamo'Ufldfe flgnm; tire Iter too | mnch;, Bnt uf alie does corner then Mary muC 31 willlgo>an«Ifi'n(f licr" j "'j&ulipapv; not come too?" pnt in tfitfgiril. '"SFol Ifaiy ancf I will go alone" m &\t mfnntes 3fary remained qmhtflflentv » strango roolc on her face, sfitt' tvane mnlcfngr a. desperate effort tiptd ifnlh. Tliw wn» replnceir hj a look off tiifitllxfi defiiincou It was besides a sw"nrati«rTbfllk« Toole whfcli Miss Groves IhiBW faCaWy wo!U— « Took the resnlt of wiiusHi sfiffcnulifi noir.etfmcs control, but xriifdh sliff mora often, coord not. Sho Iraaxr \t Bo- sty fn: the present case. WTtiu rii & fore ® off a. wfid things the gfrfi sprang fro mi Rcrr nttering- anch a slirfclc a® mmffftrie> hearer's blood run cnnrandldhsncdi Herself npon the floor, nttferihqraHripfe after shriek. tcdiatt moment tlie door opened and STr Oirirlwf enteredh The trim1 Hated: Hfnrr sprang to liimv. imili wnnhf havtrfagteneil her teeth ftu liiir Immf;, fihiff fie- hotr rnfsfng and clcnalifnqr ft. cfenft Her anch ® hlow on tita fiirolieatl that aiiff recoiled,- moaning1 wftlhpafnL Later onrnrhea tfiofTt had sahsided, SCTwfc Groveui urns summoned to attend Hhm fm tiicy lihravy;, wlierc she found him smnlHtig Kywrriuuf. ta inform; Miss Groses that ft® siiflonUvcrY sHortTy have no further neffifi off lior servfcexr as fc was his inten- tfmn to snndi rha; insnno girl to a regular flnmtfff OByhimv wficro. if ho had had his willj. she- would liavabcen years ago. '"BrttLnjfyLrtugsfbrdj.hormotlier I " IvjUlVyrcmonflCnired. xMiss Groves. "I dip not! heirovc she conld rest fa her grave wenp tilth- tlifng' to' He done."" gauf Sfc Cliarles, with some- difnifmoRtlike a-smiic,. " I will take upoiu myseny" and ho bowed, to show tiutC rite- fntervfmr was te'rnifnated. Blirtr IHas; Grovesr wliab could she do, Guff nhnoRt Hrenlc Her krndr strong heart, for II anv wriring of a- time when lunatic asylum® wore- such: horrors nsr thank (Sud\\. tfray are: not now. Sir Charles sat am nmfi smnlretL He had written to a dbctorr th&\- keeper of a private lunatic twyfinn it muit noted: fnr tho severity of lii» tt-nafmontt Shr Charles hated his .step' daughter p still How deeply lie hated ficrli&diillnoffcnoasa; to own to himself, &p; He? reoHonodJ that tho severer the terofmcntv tTur better it would be for her. Shllhriewaffvwratrng- Hfs most sacred promise forhfawifehad married him on on® conditfnni nnfyv which was that so Ihngrmp Mbry coald he safety restrained Gyprivatokcepera,. slia was not during licrrnnrlicris Hfeorafter her death, to tasenttto sny asylanj- This Sir Charles GmfijjrnmfsedV thongE rchictantly. ! Now tlia next (fay following Sir t CHaricif,. fntervfew wfth Miss Groves, a I® strung® thing Happened. Tho IsffmmC decrnredr that is mnny of them, | dine tiioy lind seem the ghost of their j late mistress passing from, the gronnds ; to ficrowm apartments which could bo 1 tcachorC By & private stair leading from 'rtiivHidlt Sliw wenCao far as to say | dia&slia-;'Hadi Hoard the door at the stair j Head clrtHRi- j "'Slittwaffdressedfa white, off course V' ' questioned! Sir Cliarles. I Ycsv Et wlifte/r responded the fWUvanCipii»stroncdrl(,and had a troubled, j fflsxrod fund off Trjofir,!" But she was too j frightened to' see more. These servants were so afarmed in- j deed that nothing would indace them )togtpnearLailyILangsfordr3 apartments, Gut Mm- GTroves Iaugiied the whole tfun to scornr and showed her fearless nctre By actnolly sleopfng in my lady's fiedroonp p and tliongli ti»c servants, who tolly expected to' find her dead or raving jmmfi frv the morning,, saw her going ifvamilier morning batlr, composed as ieverronry Ibolringsad m her mourning ! drear,, they remained quite convinced. THeridc&offaghostis; fascinating alike tVttphrgii: and! Tow. Tlie Langsford people hod trapped £ gliosc and did not mean tolettikgR- | Imcnarsff off thrceorfoardays Doctor Wellhonrna' arrived- from hfs asyhim, MTs» Groves Hod instrneffons before hand to see: tliac Mary boxes were duly pockedl Whem she had to tell tbe poor tfifng that not only must sho part with her mother But Her Best friend also — all im Iito that alio had to- love and be good to Hcrr it produced: one off her most j rinfent ontBnmksr after which she sobbed i Heraelf to> slbop. Sffss Groves lying down | Besfd'e fiar and kissing the poor wet jehacihv and lashes weighed dowtf by j Hitter tearx- ; Well',, tliff parting day between these jtfwrtrho- d'ny off doom came, a day of Biug sfty and placid sunshine. Ii'r- WelHiflnme-waa a man of courte ous mnnnerer with a Hardr cold face, and eye tliat seemed to lay bare your soul. jSJiar some- telle He and Sir Cliarles pro ceeded to tliat wing of the honsc in whfc& Mfss: Groves and bcr charge bad their rooms.. IfffiS Groves Hod of courso been : warned rtff tlifa vishv and had spent the morning im trying,, hat not very snccess- toliy, to get Her patient into a tranquil from of mind,, bnt Mary was nervous aitd excftaBfcand seemed every moment oir the: point off on: outburst. There was a- top' at tho1 door a servant announced Sir Ciuivfcff and Dri WellBournc. "-Tlifei, yorc acer'F said Sir Charles, indTcatTng' 3fary with a wave of his hondfsiyoar parient." Bat rtff sooa iw the girl caught sight tita doctor she- recoiled in horror with a as- yj, and & feofc hv her eyas of a wild animal: when: ft knows itself trapped. lC' Save mev save mo,"" r.he cried, icatohingat Mm Grovcsr arm, "If ihi? comes near me I will bite him, I 1 willl scratch: fiia eyes out t'r ' ";Youijieej.,rsard Sir Charles, a look 'off triumph: oa lifs face, " She wants i some- pretty sharp treatment," ; "'And thaty my dear sir," returned i Wcllliourae,. "-slie is likely to have at j Mount Bank. We have certain useful : appliance for curbing young ladies' Itempory."' J " 3lin vf fiatdly wop like tlsi'j," replied Miss Groves, " and einco fivo years ago she Iras been uoder roy charge." "Tho doctor acknowledged this ax- planation by going to the door and signing to two men to enter. Bound the room in which they were standing ran s gallery, and from this gallery now a voice, low and sweet, and seeming near, yet far away, called — " Mary I" All started, and raised their ©yes to tho place whoiico tho sound proceeded, and Sir Cbnrlos in his terror almost fell on his knees, for he saw the ghost— he saw the face of his wifo— but Mary darted np tho stairs leading to the gallery, and, sobbed— " Mamma I Mamma !" In a abort timo the supposed ghost and tho girl descended together. " This is my daughter," said Lady Langsford ; " she is insane bnt quite harmless, except when approached by strangers, who do not understood her. and even then canity subdued. I married only on tho condition that whilo sho. remained in this state sho should not be sent to any asylum ; an institution from which I confess I shrink for those I lore. Yon see sho is quit© quiot now, and will do as I tell her. Go to tho gentleman, Mary, and tell him yoq are sorry and good now. No one is going to take you from me." Mary did as sho was told in tho most docile way, and Doctor Wellbourno had ' to own that if Lady Langsford and Miss Grove lihed to play tho part of keepers to an insano child, whilo sho remained as tractable in their hands as she bad shown . herself, there was no reason why thoy should not. Ho took a large fee and went his way, ami nt parting was not very warm to Sir Charles, tho proiniso breaker. It is worse, you pcrceivo to break faith with tho living tlmn with tho . dead. Now, sensational as this re-appearance of Lady Langsford sounds, there was nothing in it so very remarkable. Tho . second night, when Grale was watching by his love, dead as ho thought, he heard a sound like the ghost of a whisper. Then he looked and knew that she was not dead but only in n state of catalepsy. Bo summoned his housekeeper, and life - soon nnmistakcablo assorted itself. Lady Langsford's first thought, as soon : as he war restored to consciousness, was of her Mary. Dr. Grolo chanced to to speak of her own wild cries for tbo girl when she lay, as they all believed, at the point of death, and tho mother exclaimed passionately— " And Bho was not sent for. Why 7" In answer the doctor was compelled to infoim her of Sir Charles positive prohibition. Then a wild terror took possession of tho mother, still so weak. What, if sho had died 1 ab, loJiat would have beconio of. her helpless darling ? Sho sank on the floor at Dr. Grate's feet, and prayed him desperately to hide her somewhere— to buiy her empty coffin— and kcop'it a secret from oxery - one that she was not dead until timo had elapsed to test Sir Charles, ond see how ho would treat Mary. At first tho doctor shrank from this-strangb proceed . ing ; but her entreaties prevailed. How could ho refuse this thing, on which tho very life that had flickered . back into ber body seemed to dopend, to tho only woman ho had loved in his life, loved as tenderly as ho loved vainly. . When once sho had won his consent to her prayer, the doing of tho deed pre sented somo difficulties, but Dr Gralo was a. man of resourco as well, as of courage and ho ovorcamo them all. With tho : resistance of his devoted housekeeper be concealed Lady Langs ford ; he pat into Iter coffin weight enough to seem liko the natural burden, and then be replaced ; tho coffin-lid ho - had removed, and had it screwed down hurriedly, on pretext of the suddenness of tho death and tho heat of . tbo weather. And tho funeral went off without a suspicion on any one's part that tho dead was not dead indeed. And so Lady Langsford lived, and watted to see what might chance. When tho news came, as news will come in a country town of whatever chances, that the "mad doctor" had been sent for— Dr. Grale went to sco Miss Groves, in tho absence of Sir Charles, and told her all. Startled at first, and incredulous, she soon under stood and believed,' and was ready to help to tho utmost of hor powers. That night by ber aid Lady Langsford was smuggled into her own homo, and away to await tho right timo for fight ing her child's battle. It was no wonder - that tho servants who had caught flight ofher at mid-night believed that tbey had seen a ghost, and were qaito ready to avoid the rooms where she was concealed. When the moment for revelation came, sho had, as we havo- seen, her bitter triumph. Mary was safe, hence forth in tho arms of her mother's love. Probably Sir Charles did not bate bis wife less hereafter than boforo ; hot he certainty feared her more. 