THE V.R.C. MEETING. OAKS DAY. Thursday. (FROM OUR MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT.) Oaks day is always regarded, and justly so, an important ladies’ day, and when line weather favors good racing, the attendance of the fair sex is very large. To-day was no exception to the rule, anil taking advantage of the coolest, if not iincst weather that has yet favored the meeting, the lawn and stand presented a very pretty' though not crowded appealaucc. The costumes worn wore more characterised hy neatness and good taste than richness or extravagance. The hill attendance was very fair, while the fre quenters of the flat wore in force for Oaks day'. During the day the wind was a trifle boisterous, hut refreshing, and so long as the rain kept oft' there were no climatic in fluences to mar the enjoyment. Again the railway arrangements were justly criticised, as trains frequently occupied from 25 to 30 minutes in-reaching the course. The programme of events was a good one, though perhaps seven races in one day are more than necessary, and oven good racing may' be made monotonous. As throughout the meeting the favorites scored numerous victories, though the easy defeat of Acme in the Flying .Stakes was " a had blow for the backers. The odds on many' events were against tbe field, while Winchester, the winner of the Maiden Plate, started at 3 to 1 on him; Acme, though de feated, started at the same price for the Flying Stakes; and St. John, who was at 2 to 1, could not pull off the Spring Handicap, which fell to Blairgowrie, who started at 2 to 1. In the same category’, however, as Winchester was, Trenton, who started at 7 to--I on him, won the Royal Park Stakes, and Uralla, at 5 to 2, was the winner of the Oaks. The results wore as follow : Maiden Plate. Hon. W. Robinson’s b c Winchester, 7st 91b (Derrett) .. .. .. .. ..1 Mr J’. Henty’s b o Cyclops, 7st 91b (Samlcrs) .. 2 Sir J. Whittingbam’s br c Farwan, 7st 911) (Trahan) 3 The following also started :—Parwan, Winchester, Cyclops, Percussion. Latest betting—3 to 1 on Winchester, 5 to 1 against Percussion, (i to 1 Cyclops, 10 to 1 Parwan. Winchester was left a couple of lengths be hind at the start, but he immediately' after wards rushed to the front and took a lead of a couple of lengths, Parwan, Cyclops, and Percussion coming in order. Hound by the river the favorite increased his advantage to three lengths, and was running hard hold. Much the same order was maintained to the railway bridge, when Winchester still was three lengths ahead of Parwan and Cyclops, who were together, Percussion being still last. This order was maintained to slow running until approaching the home turn, whore Parwan and Cyclops went close to Winches ter who, however, again drew away with the greatest ease. The order into the straight was Winchester, Cyclops, Parwan and Percussion. The favorite then drew away' again and led the small field home in a canter, allowing Cyclops to draw up close at the winning post. Although the time was slow it must be remembered that the favorite was never really put out of a canter. Time 2 min. 54A sec. Flying Stakes. Mr D. Cooper’s ch c Blairgowrie, list Clbs (FI rain a-. gan) .. .. .. .. .. ..1 Mr W. A. Long's ch I Macldelina, Csfc 71b (O’Con nor .. .. ' .. .. .. .. 2 Mr D. Cooper’s ch c Che-sham, Cst (ill) (M‘Dmvell) 3 The following also started Halcyon, Blairgowrie, Chcsham, Acme, Clelia, Maddeliua, and Gemini. Latest betting —4 to 1 on Acme, G to agst Madde lina, 10 to 1 Blairgowrie, 29 to I others. Acme got away badly at the start, and Halcyon went off with a slight lead, Chcsham and Clelia coining next. Crossing the tan Maddeliua went to the front, with Blairgowrie and Chesham close up, and Acme was noticed to be running badly, and already under the whip. The favorite seemed unable to get through the held, but itwassoon noticed that she was unable for the task before her. Blairgowio then challenged'and passed Maddeliua, winning well by nearly two lengths, less than that separating second and third. Acme was fourth. Time, 1 min. 20J sees. .Spuing Handicap. Mr 11. Oxcnham’s b 111 Cerise and Rlne, (Ist 101 b (Gorry) .. .. .. .. ..1 Mr 11. Condon’s br h Velocipede, 7st 121 b (Rnrton) 2 Mr W. A. Filgate’s b h X.avington 7.it (Reid) ;. 3 The following started:—St. Lawrence, Honeydow, Camerine, The Ghost, St. John, Merrimu, Velocipede, Lantern, Gratitude, Merman, Arsenal, Lesbia, Lavington, Cerise and Blue, and Marie Louise. Latest betting —2 to 1 agst St. John, G to 1 Lantern, 7 to 1 Chuekster, Merrimu, Cerise and Blue. Any price others. St. Lawrence was the first to bound away, hut Lavington then rushed to the front, St.. Lawrence being second, and Camerine, Clmekster, and St. John coming next in order. Merman being absolutely last. At tbe bridge Lavington was two lengths in front of Camerine, Cerise and Blue and St. Lawrence being close up in the order named. Laving ton improved, and at the abattoirs had a little better than two lengths advantage over Cerise and Blue, St. Lawrence having also again replaced Camerine in third place, and Merman was clearly outpaced. At the turn Corise and Blue challenged Lavington, and after a short struggle led into the straight. Velocipede began to come down the straight, but Cerise and Blue won easily' by two clear lengths. Time, 2 min. 10. t see. Eoval Park Stakes. Mr D. O'Brien’s b h Trenton, OiL (31b penalty), (Robertson) .. .. .. . .. ..1 Mr G. Cook’s oil o Rsnuis, 7st 01b (Sanders) .. 2 Mr A. Robertson’s br c Dunlop, 7=t 01b (31!) penalty) (Food) .. .. • • • • • • - 3 The following started—Trenton, Dunlop, Koinus, First Chester, Isonomy. Latest betting—7 to 4 on Trenton, 3 to 1 agst First Chester, 5 to I Isduoiny. , A good start was effected Isonomy and First Chester coursing the.tan together at a canter,- Remus and- First Chester next and Dunlop last. They, entered the course at a miserably slow pace. Trenton assumed .- the .lead pulling* two double,- Isonomy well in hand coming next. The straight-was entered at the slowest of canters and- Dunlop going to the front led past the stand half: a length from Trenton: First Chester three lengths, away being next, and Isonomy ami Remus coming in order. -Much the • same order was maintained to the bridge, where the order, was Dunlop, Trenton, Isonomy, First Chester, Hymns. Trenton then went up level with 'Dunlop, and First Chester and Isonomy were running together a couple of lengths off. Dunlop then improved, and as the pace quickened he went half a length in front of Trenton, Isonomy being a length further behind, First Chester half > a length behind, Isonomy and Remus still last. First Chester then went up to Trenton, and at the sheds was second to Dunlop, while at the turn into the straight, another change having taken place, the order was Dunlop, Isonomy, Trenton on the inside, and Remus next, First Chester last. Trenton came fast at the distance post, and won by nearly a length from Remus, who had come up quickly, Dunlop being third, Isouorliy fourth, and First Chester last. The time was very slow, viz., 4 min. 19 sec. Weight ron Age Steeplechase. Mr G. Watson's 1) g Banker, list Eilb (Watson) 1 Mr J. Cohen’s bpr Denmark, list 131 b (lulduff) .. 2 Mr J. Cox*s b k Trickett, list 131 b (Clime) .. 3’ Only the three started. Latest betting— -2 to 1 on Denmark, 4 to 1 agst Trickett and Banker. At the start Denmark went to the front, with Trickett next, and Banker last. Denmark led over the first fence, and then ten lengths separated each horse, but at the third fence Denmark came down, and got away. Trickett then went off with 30 lengths lead from Banker, and then Den mark was recaptured near the abattoirs, and though half a mile behind lie again com menced running. Trickett and Banker were jumping badly as they passed the stand, but Denmark on reaching the lawn again came down, but Kildnff was soon in the saddle and in pursuit, On reaching the east of the course Trickett fell at the first fence of the double, but was soon remounted, and at the same time Banker also came down, and after some difficulty was recaptured. Trickett, who now had the race in hand, took the wrong turn into the straight, and though they finished, Trickett, Banker, Denmark, with a quartgr of a mile between each. A protest was entered against the first-named, and the judges placed the horses —Banker, Denmark, Trickett, Time, 7 min. 25.[ sec. The Oaks Stakes. lion. J. White sbr f Uiiilla, Sst ll«b (Hales) .. 1 Hon. W. Pearson’s b ".Parody, Bst Kill) (Power) .. 2 Sir M. Jacobs’ cli f! Lady Claudia, Sst 101 b (M. O’Brien) .. .. .. .. ..3 The following started:—Parody, Buttress, Lady Claudia, Violet, Uralla. Latest Bet ting—s to 2 Uralla, 4to 1 Parody, sto 1 Violet. The order in passing the stand the first time was Uralla* Parody, Violet, Lady Claudia, and Buttress, and pretty much this order was maintained right round the course until approaching the home turn. At the back Uralla bad a lead of three lengths from Parody, who was a couple of lengths in front of Lady Claudia, Buttress was half a length behind Lady Claudia, and Violet two lengths further in the rear. This order was maintained past the sheds, and on approaching the home turn Parody drew close to Uralla, hut the favorite easily got away again on entering the straight, though Parody was put under the whip, It was an easy win for Uralla, Parody, Lady Claudia, Violet, and Buttress finishing in the order named. Time, 2 min. 44i sec. Veteran Stakes. Britisher (P. Fallon)- .. .. .. 1 Cerise and Blue ((Jorrie) .. .. .. 2 Metal (Ucdfeani) .. .. .. .. 3 Other starters—Grace Darling, Tom Brown, Welcome Jack, Acolyte, Kit Nubbles, Coriolamis, Lord Wilton, Plau sible, Wing, Chuekster, Ruby, The Agent, Comet, Bos-wortli, Temple, Anglesey, Ravcns worlh, Doncaster, Mentmore, Kingship, Genoa. Betting—4 to 1- against Britisher, 5 to 1 Cerise and Bine, 7 to 1 Grace Dar ling. Time—2min. SSisec. Grace Dar ling, Comet, and Doncaster fell in, front of the grand stand, and the last named was killed. Williams, the rider of Grace Dar ling, was badly shaken, but the other jockeys escaped unhurt. 