THE MERCURY. MONDA Y MORNING, FEU. O, 1SS5. Tim subject of tho reform, or rathor re- construction, of the Houso of Lords ia oxciting n groat deal of speculative atten- tion at Homo just now, and is auro to ox cito moro aa tho faot, long discerned by thinkers, ia perceived by tho public, that the chango in tho character of the HOIIBO of Commons necessitates a chango also in tho other Chamber. Tho Republicana, who would make a clean sweop only to build up again ; tho Liberals, of tho BRIGHT typo, who hato tho Lords from traditional opposition, and from a narrow- ness of view ; do not want a second Cham- ber at all, and least of all ono which is not tho outooino of tho ballot. Outside of those, who, aftor all, aro but a Bmall minority of tho nation, wlntover may be tho ovationB to Mr. GLADSTONE on tho war- path or Mr. BRIGHT at Birmingham, who ÍB honoured rather for his past battlos against monopoly than his present utter- ances on the questions of the day, there is a poworful party which is agrood on the absolute necessity of making the House of Lords stronger than it is. It ia true, perhaps, that tho party is not actually conscious, as a patty, that it desires to strengthen the Upper Houso, but this is what it really aimB at when it proposes to mako tho Lords moro repre- sentative of the best feelings of tho nation. Lord ROSEUERY, whoso views havo boon greatly widened by his visit to tho Colonies, and who has frankly de- clared that no man can bo fit for public life who has not visited tho depen- dencies of Great Britain, has invited tho Lords to reform themsolves. What the answer will be to this, if thoro bo any answer at all, wo cannot guess, but one thing stands out clearly in the midst of the controversies that have been going on, and that is, that the posi- tion of the Houso of Lords is not satis- factory to ita boit friends. That Houso, naturally anough, was very conservativo of its own position and rights. It de- cided, many years ago, that life-poors could not bo created, and so cut off ono of the moans by which tho pro-eminent ability of the Country might have boen enlisted on tho sido of a .conservation of the all that is good and "uaoful in its in- stitutions, lu 18G9 Earl RUSSELL, who saw the necessity for a strengthening of tho Lords ovon then, introduced, a Bill to allow of tho creation of life-pooM on cer- tain specified conditions, and tin's re- ceived the approval of Lord PALISBUIIY, but was rejected niiinly by tho influonco of Lord MAXMESUUUY. Since that dato, indeed within a few years, a very groat advance lins been mado, and not only are lifo-peors declarod to bo a nccossary re- form, but it is broadly declarod that Bomo limitation must be placed on tho right of poors, morely as peers, to bocomo legis- lators. In other words, a chango long foreseen is going on. Prescription has had its day. J[t is not sufficient that tho Houeo of Lords shou'd be propared to yield to popular opinion when cloarly ex- pressed on any groat question, but it muat satisfy the people that it has an intellectual right to have an opinion of ita own at all. No legislativo lody can now livo on the past. Tradition haa lost ita influence, not only amongat tho people in general, but amongst that great and powerful class, the thinkora and tho workera, which ia becoming the real g iverning class of the Country, and which faces aHko the wild mob and ruck of those eager for chango, and the Con- servatives who appeal to tho past, and to tho influence of tradition. Tho Lords havo to conciliato this class. They must make their Houso of such a character as that it shall bo rogardel as fit to spoak on great public questions, BB capable of seeing whon danger may ariso from a popular movement, and as being ablo to grasp the threads of the intricate policy of n great Kmpiro. Unless those condi- tions aro fulfilled there is no hopo for tho Houso of Lords. It must maka itself a true Senate, a House akin to tho Federal Sonate of tho United StatoB, which is ablo to dotermine issues of peace and war and to hold tho Houso of Representatives in check. Obviously, tho mero creation of lifo-peora will not solve tho problem, excopt undor very atringont conditions. To give, nominally to the Soveroign, but really to the Ministry, tho power of sending mombarB into the Houso on any occasion would bo to givo tho power of coercion, just at the time whon it might be most necessary to resist a ministerial project. The one essential of a House of Lords, as of all othor Upper Homes which aro really to bo of uso, ÍB that it should be un oooroable. This is, wo know, quite op- posed to tho idea which is curront amongst a numbor of persons who are but partially informed on constitutional ques- tions, who hold tho theory that an Uppor Houso which can bo mado to yield by one means or another is essen- tial to tho safoty of freo institutions. I But, oxporionco showB that tho plain, un- mistakable fact is, that no bounds can bo sot to a power possessed, and that if an opposing HOUBO can bo mado to give way, it will bo, generally just at tho time when it ought to bo most able to resist. Tho true function of an Upper Houso is most seen when it ia moat unpopular. When public opinion is raging, when there is a craze fomented by orators whoso vory ignorance and sincerity givo them power, the functions of a true Sooond Chamber aro most important, and should act Uko the governor af a steam ongino to ensure an equilibrium of forces. Clearly, then no Ministry can be trustod with the power to ooorco an TJppor Houso. Even tho MONAKCH iu thoBO daya is not fit to possess any such power, because he cannot do without his Ministry, and his Ministry may, nay would, insist that it should havo its way at any cost. Tho problem to bo solved is, then, to create a strong and really independent Senate which may bo ablo to withstand the Houso of Commons, transformed from its old state as a House of Notables to a House of morely popular representa- tivos. How this is to be accomplished ÍB ono of the prob'ems which Great Britain has to solvo under rather painful con- ditions, aud in which the Colonies cannot but talio a keen interest. For nothing can bo moro cortain than that if tho -1"- v-v. "t ti,, T ""¡-i-t...... -, u rcgnrdod with comparatively little favour, for wo may expect loadors of tho Manchester typo to provail, whoso thooiy is, that nothing can bo dono to incrcaso tho power and tho development of the Empire. What is roally wantod «OOIIIB to us to follow from the remark of Lord ROSBBKHY, that is, legislators who know the wholo Empiro and are in sympathy with all parts of it. Tho Colonies look at mattors dif f orontly from thopooplo of thoMothor-coun try, they percoivo tho valuo of a roally imperial policy, and they know how fatal aro those uncertain and f altor ing tactics which find BO much favour at Homo tvith a certain olass of popular politiciana. Whatever reform is made in tho IJouso of Lorda, it should, wo think, includo repre- sentatives from all parts of the Empiro, for only so can a truo Sonato bo consti- tuted, and the wholo Empiro bo repre- sented. Of course, this would not bo a solution of the great problem of tho Federation of the wholo Empiro, but it would help greatly to prepare tho way, for there would at least bo a body which understood ^i» Emoîro na a wholo, and whioh could catch the Bpirit of tho Colo- nies. Some such change appears to us to be necessary, amongst other things, lo bring about a truo reform of tho House of Lord8. Tin: Primate of Australia In tho courao of bia miniatr&tionB; yesterday at St. George's Church, requoatod the congregation to pray for Groat Britain, whioh Country ho aeomed to;tliiuk stands iu nood of tho prayora of all who wiall her woll. Wo aro dooply aorry I that it ahould bo so, but wo are soroly afraid that thoro novor waa a timo when our Mother-Country required most truly tho help of all her sons, aud tho sympathy of who all who honour tho "grave mothor of majestic works." Whether prayer, even of tho universal sort, such as nations pom out in tho timo of a great calamity, will avail her much wo need not discuss, for nothing can bo moro certain than that such prayer will help at least to unite tho people in bonds of sympathy, and cause us to do our host to reatoro tho tone of a deeply enervated and weakened imperial system. Unhappily, there aro forebodings throughout tho Es- piro ; on all sideB men aro looking with anxioua oyes, fearful of tho future, whilst It cannot bo douicd that confidence has boon lost in the loaders of tho pooplo, tho men who should Btand out conspicuous as tho pilots capablo of navigating the storm- tossed vessel of tho Stato through tho intricate channels of hor inevitablo courao. This is the worst evil of all. This ia tho gravest of the dangers by which tho Empiro ia threat- ened, for it saps tho very source of strength, it makes men loso faith in thoir own aud their fellows' oxor tiona, and proparca tho way for tho very calamities that aro dreaded. The Times, faithful still aa the echo of what tho people feel oven when expression ia not given to tho fooling, pre8ontod ita roadora on Christmaa Day with a survoy of tho situa- tion of the world, mainly na it rolatea to tho position of Groat Britain. Tho picture was a gloomy ono to bo sont forth on tho day when tidings of comfort and joy aro sup- posed to bo proclaimed, but it waa a truo ona nevertheless, and inuat have made many a inan reflect on tho grave problema which tho coming year would prosont. To us, iu these Colonies, tho aituation ia a strange and almost inexplicable ono. Wo have boen ac- customed so to look up to the stntosmen of tho Mother Country, that wo can hardly, even now, venture to doubt their oompotonoy, or boliove that thoy havo become unablo to deal with the problema which .the Empiro present. Wo have lookod to British litora turo as our guide so much, that wo aro wonder-stricken to find it barren of sugges- tion, and occupied, seriously, with things that aro to us trivial and undignified, almost oblivioiiB of tho great ieaucB and mighty ovents that aro growing to a head. But, a similar stato of affairs has occurred more than once in the history of tho country-a state in which virtue and manliness seemed to have boen deatioyod by trickery and corruption-a stato in which the wholo busi- ness of the nation seemed to havo fallen into confusion and ruin. Wo may trust, and wc think aafely, that aooner or later tho old energy and tho old fortitude will repent itself, whou tho incubus which koopa tho nation in tho thrall of Incapacity will bo cast off, and tho British people once more atand erect, defiaut beloro tho world, ro solvod to do tho work that is to bo done, and to do it as thoroughly as of old. All who believe that prayer will bring about this con 8ummation, will do well to pray for Great Britain, and especially for those «ho aro trying to rule the Empire on which the sun never sots. CABLK NEWS.-Further intelligence from Egypt concerning tho fall of Khartoum shows that mattera thoro aro in a desperate plight. Tho city lina been wrecked, it is said 2,000 of tho inhabitants were masaaered, and whether Colonel Gordon ia dead or nlivo is yet uncertain. All tho Mahdi's forces aeein centred in or around the city, and tho advance of British columna,] and tho oatab liahment of now bnaea of operations ¡8, for tho present, unchecked. ' The feeling in England ia ono of intcnao indignation and disgust, and to allay this tho Cabinet havo given General Wolseley carle blanche OB to his futuro operations, and assured him of ample supplies of men and munitions of war. It ¡8 proposed to bring troops from India with all possible speed. On the Continent a general cxprcasicm of sym- pathy for Colonel Got don prevails, and by inforonco condemnation of thoMiniaterlal pcr Blatoncy which haa led to tho pr«8ont dlaaater. A preciB of official correspondence passing between Great Britain and Germany on the Kew Gu'nea quostion has been published, It throws llttlo light on the subject boyond intensifying the opinion thal the British Government have cgreglously blundered. NEW POLLINO PLACE.-Tho Government havo appointed Upper Ringarooma as an additional polling place for tho electoral district of Fingal, for the convenience of tho residents of that portion of the district, in- cluding tho miners and others ou the Mount Victoria goldfield. GOLD MOM THE WEST COAST.-Tho B.S. Wakefield, which arrived from the Weat Coast porta lost evening, brought lOCoz. of gold, among which there is, wo understand, a small cako of retorted gold, the first so treated on the Weat Coaat. Tho parcel lina been lodged at the Commercial Bank. A GRACEFUL CoMi'WMUNT.-Wc uudoratand that the teachers of tho public schools in and around Hobart contemplate making a presentation, expressive of their respect and esteem, to the Hon. H. Butler, M.H.A., on bia retirement from the position of Chair- man of tho Board of Education, which helms held for so many years. HOVAL HUMANE SOCIETV.--At a meeting of the Court of Directors of the Royal Humano Society of Australasia, which waa held in Melbourne last week, it was decided to grant a certifiante of merit to Geo. Waddle, of Launceatoii, for rescuing A. Jonea from drowning. THE IMMIGRANTS.-Mr. T. C. Just re- ceived a telegram from tim Premier last night, stating that tho immigrants por s.a. Iberia would leave Launceston for Hobart by tho night tra|u, and arriva in tho oity this morning, 'f hero aro eight fnmilies and 14 singlo people, making about 50 altogether for Hobnrt. Mr. T. C. Juat Ima made nr rangements for supplying tho new arrivals with brenkfaBt immediately on their arrival. RESCUE FIIOM DROWNINGI.-Shortly nftor mid-day yesterdny a child named Alaycock fell off tho Old Wharf into tho wnter. Tho accident was observed by a boy named Groombridge, residing in Kelly-street, who immediately jumped in after the child and effected a rescue with somo difficulty. TTfioniTlT. TTKM-Apuna Ttlillnr 77 -ama Tu« PRIMATE.-Tho Moat Rov. Dr. Barry occupied the pulpit of St. Goorgo's Church, Battery Point, yesterday morning, tho edi- fico being orowded, Rov. Canon Banks Smith also officiated, and read tho prnyors and tho first lesson. Dr. Barry founded his discourso upon tho text 2 Cor. xi., 21 : " Whoroinsovor any isbold(Iapoak foolishly), I am bold also," and in his unassuming and perspicuous style interpreted tho text in a manner that carno within tho grasp of tho simplest intellect, and held tho unweariod attention of tho largo congregation through- out tho wholo of tho dÍ8coinso. Tho collec- tion-which niusthavobceii.in unusually In rgo one-was sot apart for tho expenso of repair- ing the Sunday school building. lu tho ovoning Dr. Barry preached at St. David's Cathedral to nu audience which had been considerably diminished by tho hcaVyrain which fell (lining tho evening. Ho took for his text Matthew xvi., 21, "If any will como after mo, lot him deny himself." This was ono of tho harder sayings of Jesus Chi ist-a Btartling saying, and ono that was intended to startlo, that by its strangeness it might right itsolf on tho hearts of mon. It presented an idea of difficulty and Btrugglo that was appropriate for consideration at this season, when passing from tho gladness of Christinas to tho austerity of Lout. All who lind loft youth behind must know that lifo could not bo all smooth and easy, and that thorns and rugged atones would be found in tho bright road that led to Heaven. They wore told that to follow Christ thoy must drink of tho cup that Ho drank of, and that all who would come after Him must deny himself. Self-denial stood on tho threshold of Christianity. Tho term itself had been narrowed in its signification, giving riso to superstition and persecution. The ascetic tcmporamciit was furthest fromboing aolf-forgotful, and while it might bo self conscious, self-tormenting, and self-landing it depreciated ono part of soil to extol ano- ther, Thoy could not dony self by trying to shako off a sense of responsibility, whether by submission to an infnlliblo authority, or by making a suicidal vow, nor could thoy bo freo from tho responsibility of a porsonal faith. The responsibility must bo deliberately aeeopted, and tho will rcnliaed that they might deny and ignore thcmaolves, not by aolf-dopreoiation or aolf abaaement, but by fixiug tho thoughta, do airca, and affections of our naturo upon God. If tho lovo of God in Christ constrained tho soul, it ceased to think of its own happiness or goodiiesa, or even aalvation. Thoy imiBt lose themselves in Hu will of God, in tho salvation of God, and iu tho graco of God. After enlarging upon theso thrco attributes, tho preacher concluded by alluding to self denial ns the lesson of a life- timo, tho lesson of learning to enter into tho lovo of Jesus Christ, It would bring tho highest happi- ness, and tho ouly truo penco. It might bo taught by disappointment and sorrow, or ¡ii a happior way, and naturally and gladly, if from thoir youth thoy had followed Christ with child-liko faith. THE VISIT OF PASTOR T. SI'UROKON.-Yes day Pastor T, Spurgeon, who is paying a passing visit to Tnamanin on hiaway to Now Zealand from England, to opon his new tabernacle in Auckland, roceived a gratify- ing welcome in tho Town Hall, whore ho preached morning and evening. During tho two years which have elapsed sinco his Grat appcaranco in Hobart Mr. Spurgeon baa con- siderably improvod in style, and his sormons aro marked for simplo and pleasant language, and the forco and vigour of their ideas. In tho morning ho proached from Acta ii,, and 47, and a very largo congregation lietoned attontivoly to a an able ovangoliatio address. The hall was crowded at tho evening mooting, thcro being barely standing room, and Mr. Spurgeon spoke for about an hour on tho text, Mat thow xxii., and 42-"What think yo of Christ?" asking all present to think mid study over that vital and important ques- tion. At both services a choir, under Air. Wiseman, aang a number of hymns, and MisaHodgman presided at an organ kiudly lent for tho meetinga by Messrs. Walch und Sous. A collection, amounting to £16 15s., wa8 mado for tho general expenaea fund of tho Elizabeth-street Taber.iaelo, On Wed- nesday evening Mr. Spurgeon will givo a lecture, illustrated by dissolving views, on "John Ploughman's Book," in the Exhibi- tion-building, when the proceeds will bo devoted to the building fund of the Eliza- beth-street Tabernacle. Mr. Spurgeon will leavo by the Tarawera for New Zoalaud on Thursday flrat. ' LECTURE.-Yesterday evening tho Rov. W. H. Bowo gave the first instalment of a lecture on " 'lho Futuro Life," in tho Me- thodist Freo Church, Murray-atroot. There waa a moderate attendance, the bad weather, and the ser fice at tho Town Hall, no doubt contributing to make the nttendauco less nu- merous than usual. Tho materialistic theory, that man ia only matter, waa dealt with, and from tho possession of reasoning power, tho existence of a spiritual natuio, or soul, waa argued. Tho cxiatonco of a future life, followed as the logical sequence of a spiritual nature ; and til is subject tho lec- turer promised to treat of next Suudny ovon ing. Tho toxt selected was Job xiv., 14; "If a man dio, shall ho live again '!" ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL BAZAAR.-Tho bazaar, in nid of tho building fund nf St. Mary'a Cathedral wna continued at the Tas- manian Hnll on Saturday, being open both afternoon mid ovoning. The nttendunce waa very Bntiäfnctory, partioulnrly in the even- ing, when tho fair demoiselles in chnrgo of the stnlla did a brisk business, and the wares thoy had to offer moved off freely. A stiing band was in attendance, and tho evening waa spent very p'eaanntly, the moro ao from the contra8t prc8cntcd by tho weather with- out. It is intended to re- open tho bazaar iu Hudlcy's-rooms to-inorrow, aud to continuo it till Friday noxt. Additions to tho stock of goods aro constantly being rocoived, and tho ladies aro confident that their resources aro equal to tho occaaiou. They aro to bo congratulated on tho result of their labours BO far, and it ia to bo hoped that boforo thoy have finished thoir work a largo proportion of the debt remaining on their beautiful cathedral will hnve been paid off. Y.M.C.A.-The opening sossion and tea . meeting announced for tina evening has boen poatpoued until to-morrow. HULK BRITANNIA ?-Under thia suggestive title Messrs. William Inglis and Co., of Melbourno and Dunedin, have published a lithographed caricaturo referring to Now Guinea annexation. Prince Bismarck is re- presented na the man iu possession, seated on a chair covered by tho Union Jack, and using tho British standard na a floor mat, and apparently torn from a broken llag-atnff close at hand. Above bia head waves tho German ensign, mid Ina arm reata on tho fouiidntioii-atono of Germnn rulo in New Guinea. Mi. Gladstone and Earl Derby pose bofore him " with bated breath and whispering humbleuo's." Gludatono tramples under his feet Public Opinion, and Derby perpétrâtes the sama insult on Australian Foreign Policy. Behind Bismarck Now Guinea natives mnko discourteous gestures at tho Knglish Ministers, while on tho oppo- site shoro tho Australian kangaroo is gazing wondoiingly at the scene. Bismarck ia depicted offering his two visitors oithor a gold medal or a conversation lozengo, stamped with the head of tho Emperor William, and bearing the superscription of Now Guinea. 'The motivo of tho caricaturo ia obvioua- Germany has possession, and means to hold it, though the muddling policy of the Gladstone Ministry. HAILSTORM. - On Saturday afteruocn about 3'30 thero was a heavy fall of hail iu Hobart, lasting for Borne few minutes. Outside the city it appears to have bcon moro severo. A correspondent writes: - "On Saturday afternoon about 3 o'clock a thunder storm aud hail storm of unusual severity passed over tho Shot Tower, and the ¡inmediato 'vicinity. The storm only lasted for about 20 minutes, hut at tho end of that timo tho hail stones were from 2in. to .lin. deep all ovor tho ground, iu many places-at the side of fences, etc-as mu eli as Oin. Tho orchards suffered soveroly, many of tho trees not having a wholo loaf left on thom, and the apples very much bruised. Tho storm ended in an almost tropical downpour of rain. Tho hail waa still on tho ground in patches luto on Satur- day night. GARDEN THIEVES.-Now that fruit Is ripening, complaints are, as usual, nume- rous of tho depredations made by contempt- ible pilfororsupon tho orchard» of those moat open to attack. It too frequently happens that tho delinquenta bolong to the moro ro spcctablo class of society, who, on that account, expect the nefarious practices lo be condoned, while tho acknowledged gamins havo no coiiipaSBion shown them. Tho polico at Sandy Bay have buen on tho watch for some timo, in the hopo of catching the heartless pilferers who have been robbing the fruit und destroying tho trees of a gulden near the baths. The owner is a mother who has a family of five children de ponding tipou her for support and protec- tion, and the garden linn been looked for- ward lo as ono of their chief sources of in- come. But not only has tho fruit been stolen, but the branches of lho trees broken, and tho fruit scattered upon lho gioimd, while tho owner is perfectly powerless to provent the wuato and destruction. Wo hope that D. C. Carsons may bo successful in, at ln-.f >lAnn¡,mnv ,"n,." -nl.l,n..:,," I.. Il.ln LLWICK lUci'S-lo pioicnt disappoint meut, wo may inontiou that tim duties of tho bon BOO compel him to Icn\ o tow n for the inoccourao at 10 o'clock in tho morning of tneodaya Mombcrs and othors icqnir ing tickets should apply for them not later thin luesday o\oiuug Delny m this mattei, ti mai us it may appear, ÍB eich year a source of groat annoyaneo to tho ofiioinls of the club At tho vory busiest pirt of tho day, just bcfoio tho stilting of tho fust inco, «hen tho duties of tho secretniy mid tho tioasmoi require their attention at tho wuighing enelosuro 01 tho committee loom, uicssngcs mo con btnntly i caching theso gentlemen to tho elleet that Mi So and So lins come away fiom his homo in tho conntiy without lim niciubei a ticket, 01 ho linn lost or ima laid it, and would tho seeietniy or ticimircr Lcltind enough to como to the ente und p isa lum in,oi write out a ticket for Ililli Wo lcaic our readers to imagina tho worry and annoy this cuises, and hopo tho hint will be sufficient CIRCUS -IherowiB not alargonttendanco at Chinrini'a Cucua on Saturday night, owing to tho inclomcnt state of the weather, and tho porformaneo did not come up to its uaual standard, but nevertheless nomo of tho exhibitions of horsemanship and balancing woro remarkably good Iho perfoi manco opened with aomo clever tumbling, which was succeeded by tho educated elephants, an cqucsti inn act, and aomo clo\ cr feats of balancing by Ali Horaco Rolland, tho Burmese pony, honzontal bar by French, Angelo, mid burnett, and soi oral equestrian nets, ¡a perch equipoise, by Benhamo and Lu/cbio, and othor feats, which gamed hearty applause Tho pciforinanco carno to a con elusion with the fat ce, tho Jlarler/um ami the Ghost During the afternoon a performance was given foi tho beucht of school cmldrcn, at which thcro was a very good attendance Iho Circus pel foi ma agniu this evening, nnd the management announco the last four nights of tho season Like -i good general, Signoi Cluarim lins held a sliong i oscilo in hand, aud will now c,no somo new and stiitling displays of equestrianism, thus lending eclat to tho concluding appearances of Ina company in Hobart Tu i» ATill Roi AI -ThoBcionmmg comedy of Tin. j'nvalc ¡sécrétaiy was played on Saturday cloning tu n capital IIOUBO, tho dress circle bomg thronged, and tho lonci p-irt of tho thoatie also \ory well attended In fact, it was tho best Saturday night's audience soon there for a very longtime paßt Tho performance it need scarcely uo said w as pioductivo of tho utmost merriment, and a climax was reached when in the laat act a. huge floral offonng, crowned w uli a promi nont currant bun, was gravelj handed up for tho Kev Robert Spnrenb from sonic ad mirera m tho stalls, as a reward for his per sovcring comphnnco with innumerable oncoies for his song "Tho good young man that died " 'lins was tho climax of two hours' most mon y fooling, and the audiciico seemed absolutely relieved at contemplation of tho fact that, with ono good laugh to finiBh off, they need not, at least for a little while, Buflor further demand on thoir o\or taxed risiblo faculties 'Iho management, with a storo of novolties jot at their com mand, hal o withdrawn tho Private Secre- tary, but it will certainly bear reproduction, for its faino has widely gone abroad When noxt it is produced there is ono httlo point which might bo modified One of tho characters is supposed to bo a rough and ready roluti vcauddeuly loturucd from abroad AA'hy it should bo considoicd necessary to make lum a ranting roystcrcr and a pia digiouB swearer to hoot passes undcistand lug Perhaps Mr Palmer, who personates this " Undo Mao," finds relief foi lus m dividual feelings m garnishing his talk with oaths Perhaps 'tis so act down in his pait In any caso he would do woll to lonicmbei that "a rose by any other name would smell as sweet," and that the L'lighsh language has good tolling objurga tiona which Bavour not of downright oatTis, and aro just as oxprossiio Tonight sensational diamawillbo agnin produced, full of stn nug incidents, Btnrthng situations, and manelloiiB sccnoiy It is a talc of wild rc\cngo, mteimingled with homely scenes of love and forbcainncc, qunint humour, and touching pathos Hie sceno of ths drama is laid pnitly in England, partly in Itilj, and partly m Fiance Uncle Zac, the hero, is plajcd by Mi Ocoigo Leitch, and aa tho honest Austi allan bushman lighting the battle of tho wcik ngunst the stiong amid stiaugo BUiroundiiiLB ho will, wc doubt not, bo as successful m w inning tho suffrages of a Hobnt audience as ho has been in tho prenons selections from his cpurtoiro lOMoins CONCLUT-Attention has al ready bum diicetcd to MIBS Christian's concerts, tho hist of which will bo given in the lown Hall this elcmng, but there iro two c\ outs-to use n mung phi ase-m tho programmo a io appeaiimoe, and a first appearance, which call foi special mention Iho "io nppeaianco" is that of Mr Armes Beaumont, ifter a \ciy long absence fiom Tasmania In Saturdnj's M'crew 1/ waa shown tho good claims which thisgcutlemini has to tho nppicciation and support of all loicisof music, and thoio can bo no doubt that ho has acted wisely in le waiting Kobirt nt a timo when thoio is an influx of visitors .from all paita of Austiahisia with whom his nniiic is a household word, mid who will bo only too glad of the oppoilunity of showing then fat out toa celcbritcd aitisto who lins thoroughly well dcscived it 'Iho " first nppearuiiee" at lo night's conceit will bo that of a now pianiste, Miss Dimly Christian, sister of tho fnvounto \ocalist It is so seldom, if o\cr, that a Biuopcan nrtisto has made her colonial ticlntt m Ho bait, that a no\ol inkiest attaches to tho initial poi foi manco of this young lady, who has just ai rived from Gormnny Silo lins made 11 good selection of music for exhibit mg her talent and illustrating tho pccnlian ties of tho most modern method of piano forte play mg, of w Inch Bun claims to bo an exponent, and which is best taught 111 tho Stuttgait Conseil atol mm, of which MIBS Emily Chiistinu is a distinguished pupil Diene two cients, and tho lcmaikably at tiactno progiammc, should draw a \ory lal go audience to tho lown nail this ovoning FRANKLIN PUBLIC LIIIHARV.-A publlo meeting will be held nt tho Mechanics' Instituto, Franklin, at half-pnsl 7 o'clock this ¿vening,' for the purpose of .electing tho committee of tho Public Library for tho ensuing year, and lo receive the report and balance-shoot for tho past yean CAKCADE BRKWKRY COMPANY.-A goneral meeting of tho Cascade Browery Co. Limited will be held at tho company's ollicca, Collina street, this afternoon, at 3 o'clock, Tho business act down for consideration ¡8 "To reccivo the directors' report and bnlnncc-nhcot to the .list December last, and doelaro a dividend. To elect auditors in place of Meaara. C. H. Westwood and C. J. Atkins, who retiro from office, but aro cliglblo and offer themselves for re-election, aud to transact such other business as may arise or the occasion require," MONARCH EXCURSIONS.-On Wednoadny, not on Tuesday aa proviou8ly announced, tho p.s. Monarch will mako excur- sions to Elwick jetty, taking paaaongors to and from the races ou tho cup day. On Thursday tho steamer will mako excursion to Now Norfolk. ALLKOKD FELONY.-A young man named George Yale, a hairdrosser by trade, and a reeont arrival in the colony, lias boen arrested by the territorial police on a charco of having converted a sum of £9, tho property of Ann MoLeod, residing at Windsor, Melbourne, to his own uso and purposes. No ofiioial information could bo obtained from tho poliao authorities last evening, but from what can bo gathered from other and woll-informed aourcea it appear» that a description of tho accused, with tho chargo for which ho wu8 wanted, waa published in tho weekly Crime Report transmitted periodically from Molbourno, and tilla description agrooing with tho ap- pearance of Yale ho was arrested and lodged in tho city lock-up, Tho circumstances of tho case, according to accused's version of it, aro rather amusing and peculiar, lie states that ho is an American, and arrived somo fow months ago in Melbourne. Ho then started business OB a hairdresser in Windsor. Next door to his premises resided a young and fair widow with her father, who appears to bo fairly well off. A friendship, it is said by accused, sprang up between tho partioB, which shortly ripened into something stronger. Tilla coming to tho onra of the lady's paternal rotativo, somo angry words passed, in tho course of which tlio pater's decided objcotlon to tho proposed match waa forcibly oxpreBBod. It seems to havo been then arranged that Yale should leavo tho locality, and send intimation of his where- abouts lo tho young widow when ho liad settled down. He asserts that ahe offored him £10 to, pay his expoii808, but ho would only accept £9, tho umouut which he ia now charged with converting to his own uso. Ho further added that lio frequontly had inouoy transactions with lho lady in ques- tion, and had oftou paid largo accounts for her with monoy supplied by horaelf. If ia' portmanteau, which is also in the hands of the police was, ho atotes, packed by her own fair hands. On arrival in Hobart ueouacd -1-i-ï--1 -'-* -**?). - ).-.!-.)-?- Î- ri Tasmania. It ÍB understood that the Alc torinn nulhoritioa have been communicated with, and if tho charge 1B pressed ho will bo - remanded to Melbourne. CITV POLICE COURT.-At tho City Polico Court on Saturday tho bench waa occupied by tho Polieo Magistrate (Mr. AV. Tarleton), James Dwyer, charged with assaulting paesora-by in Liverpool-street, waa ordoroil to pay a fine of 10s. Gd., or go 14 days to prison. John Sweeting pleaded guilty to having boon drunk andincnpnblo in Bnthurst stroet, and waa fined fis., or soven days' imprisonment. .John Plutehor pleaded not guilty to begging, and after heming tho ovi denco tho Magistrate discharged him with n warning. Kilon Godfrey waa lined 10s. Gd., with tho option of going M dnys to gaol, for having uaed obscene language in tho public atreot. Rachael Bird was sont a month to tho IIOUBO of correction, for having slept in an outhouse tho pluvious night. Ponan OFFICE, SORELL.-On Saturday, Fob. 7,beforothoWardcn(Mr. Win, Pcncoek) and Mr. Edward Marshall, J.P., John Riley, who had bocn^ previously lieforo tho Court for non-compliniico with tho provisions'of , tho Public Schools Act, in not sending thrco of hia children to sohool, waa, on complaint of Mr. David Mooro, truant inapector, again summoned for disobeying tho provisions of tho Act, nnd was fined 10a., and warned that tho Bunch would aid tho inspector in carry- ing out tho compulsory clauses, as it was most doairablirthoy should not bo ovadod. Mr. Mooro ia working hard in connection with tho dutioa of bia appointment aa shown by tho increased and increasing attendances through tho sovoral districts of his visita- tion. UNNKOKSSAUV OATHS.-AVO take tho fol- lowing from tho Home A'cios. It npplio's not only to tho English but to tho colonial stage, and indicates a growing evil which is becoming too palpable to bo much longer endured in ailonco : - "A correspondent points out that of late thoio lina been un- seemly uso of oaths on tho otago, and in that respect it is not holding up a mirror to lifo when auch expletives resound on tho stags and jar on cars polite. This is certainly not tho fault of fhe dramatista, who aro all mon of tho highest refinement and culturo, of courao ; and, moreover, aro very carofully looked after by tho lleenaor of playa. Tho offenco ia thus relegated to the aotor, who clearly ludulgca in gagging. A Iittlo leas smoking on tho stage it ia also suggested would bo an improvement." 