Mb. D alley is making bad weather. The people of Sydney are broader- minded than the Attorney-General of New Sonth Wales, and have, in tmblic meeting, discarded the notion that the interests of the senior colony, with regard to New Guinea, can be other than those of its younger competitors. It is extremely gratifying to find that the people of Sydney hare risen superior to the paltry jealousy shown by Mr. Dal ley and the Government of which he is' a member. There really has never been the ghost of a reason why there should have, been any divergence of opinion amongst the Australasian colonies, end, iMff. of all any why so prosperous a colony as New South Wales should evince the provincial spirit which the late public meeting has so sturdily rebuked. Because, if all allowance be made for perhaps some element of party-feeling, the enthusiastic way in which the resolutions were cheered, and amend- ments suppressed, is conclusive as re-' gards the pnblic feeling of (he sister colony. There can be no reason what ever why the Government of New Sonth Wales should he .distrustful of the objects of its compeers, because it fy only the weak who Ahonld fear, and. the progress of New Sooth Wales is Bach as to give her a veiy 1 formidable position . amongst the Ana- ' tralian colonies. Rut, even were it3- otherwise, there Is nothing with regard j to New Guinea or Fmleration that should evoke jealousy. As regards the former, "Victoria has no interests that are not the interests of the whole of the colonies, and none with regard to Federation, which, if a cause of dis trust, cannot be potentially checked. Indeed, as regards New Guinea, almost every other colony is more interested than "Victoria. For instance, Queens land may hope to obtain labor for her sngar plantations, and certainly did hope it when first the bold attempt was made at annexation. It is quite impossible for these colonies to achieve the position which it is essential they shonld occupy if they are to bo tram melled by the paltry provincial spirit of which Mr. Dalley appears to be the exponent Whether as regards New Guinea or Federation, the action of himself and his colleagues appears to ns indefensible, and suggestive of some motive not yet disclosed. No one dis putes that any conntry has a right to occupy territory in the possession of savage races, but neither can it be denied that civilised nations in propin- qnal possession may object to the intru sion of what may torn ont to be adverse influences. If a binding agreement onld be framed, placing Australasia outride the scope of warlike operations, then it might not matter much who were the neighbors of the Britons of the South. But no such agreement could be formed, no effectual guarantee given, and hence there remains no alternative hut to keep the enemy out side thq gate. When the Munroe doc trine, which it is desired to enforce as regards Australasia, was proclaimed by the United States with respect to the American continent, great was the in dignation in England, whose agents were meddling and muddling in Cen tral America, in Nicaragua, and on the Mosequito coast But no thoughtful man doubts that the effect of the Mun roe doctrine has been to remove what would have been, and indeed were, sources of contention, and so rendered possible tbe present amicable relations between the Crowned Bepublic and the Republic without a Crown. Thus, so far from there being anything aggressive in the Monroe principle it is really a pacificator, better for all, and if Mr. Dalley bad really any mind worth talking about, he, as the repre sentative of the whole of these colonies, should have taken fast hold of the Munroe doctrine, been in the van in a battle worth the fighting, and which, settled with regard to New Gaines, would have meant nowhere any inter lopers in the South Pacific. One curious feature of the business is that Lord Derby, so capable a man in other respects, should alsoi suffer from the mental obscuration which affects Mr. Dalley. Above all things, whether as regards New Guinea or any other remote spot, the Secretary for the Colonies repudiates pecuniary re sponsibility. He accepts the guaran tee given by these colonies with regard to New Guinea, asks for more by the bye, and, ap parently, fails to perceive that if foreign powers are to be permitted to make annexations in these parts, the British squadron must be strengthened, and is about to be because of what Germany has done in New Guinea. It wonld be difficult to conceive anything worse than the con duct of Lord Derby except that of Mr. Dalley. The Australasian colonies have not one iota of assurance with regard to these seas. France, pledged with respect to the feociety Talar.de hoisted her flag at Raitua some years ago where it is still flying; the United States and Germany have mnj acquisi tions in Samoa, and Fiji would not have been annexed but for the effort made to induce the United States to take possession of those islands. Mr. Service has endeavored to enforce upon Lord Derby an Imperial policy, m distinguished from one purely British, and it is no mean circum- stance that the public voice of Sydney should have been expressed in favor of a policy which in- cludes the whole empire, instead of that other and smaller one whose limi tation is to be found within the coasts of the British Isles. It is probable that Mr. Dalley will not alter his oonrse, bnt the fact that at the seat of Government, his policy has been so robustly rejected cannot be without its effect on the nobleman who officiates as Secretary for the Colonies. Mr. Dalley notwithstanding, Sydney !»«« behaved handsomely to her Australian compeers, and the fact of her having done so must be our plea for again recurring to .this oft treated and vex ations sobject. But a brief week ago we published an "extraordinary" announcing that Sir Charles Wilson, after defeating the ArabE, had left for Khartoum, the relief of which place was thereby, apparently, assured. What else could have been thought! There was only one "warm" corner on the Nile to pass, in a few days the steamers conveying Sir Charles Wilson and a portion of the Sussex regiment would arrive at Khartoum, and thus succoured, Chinese Gordon would he able -to hold the place against all the forces the Mahdijconld bring. "But alas, "there's many a slip betwixt oup and lip," and a slip long to be remembered, has occurred in this instance. When the steamers left Khartoum, General Gordon was well and as confident as -ever. When they sot back but a wni d.oJ time after, they found they had arrived two days too late, tbe brave Gordon was no longer a commander. At al most the last moment some of the very people whom he would have given his life to have saved from their vindictive foe, turned traitors, and the Mshdi took possession of the town. Thus, instead of being received with open arms and huzzahs of deUght, Sir : Charles Wilson, on his arrival in front of Khartoum,' was met with ehot and ; shell from the batteries, afusillade from each side :of the river, and had to retire with vessels so seriously damaged that they afterwards appear to have become unmanageable, as they were both wrecked below the Shabukli. cataract, near which the troops were landed, on an island. It is not known at the time of writing, whether General Gordon is a fugitive, a prisoner, or a corpse. In s W case,' however, and morp especially if h'e be dead, a- severe reckoning will be demanded of die Gladstone Govern ment < If : <flunese Gordon has ' been killed a& Khartoum, there : will be such a roar of indignation from One end of. idii' hMfo'ihe |)ther-a8.:aeferV::£ef(a»;i has been heard in Old England, and we hardly think it possible that Mr. Gladstone and his colleagues will be able to weather the storm. It will be of no use saying that Gordon exceeded his instructions, and could have retired from Khartoum long ago. When he got there he found a defence less crowd of peaceful men, women, and children, whose protectors, having no real leader of men at their head, were almost worse than useless. There fore, he stayed. He made good soldiers of the men, he saved the women and children, and it was England's duty to have relieved him loog ago from the heroic position he had taken np. If he be a prisoner with tbe Mahdi, there is every reason to suppose that that fanatic will keep Gordon alive in order to save his own vile carcase when Lord Wolseley has got well within striking distance. There is no doubt, however, this defeat of Gordon; whom the people of Khar toum must have looked upon as in vincible, will add greatly to the prestige of the Mahdi, whioh before that, had commenced to wane. Tribes that were thinking of seceding from him, or were altogether holding aloof will be firmer in their loyalty to , the false prophet in the first instance, and be thinking of joining him in the second. It will be found to have wiped ont the impressions made on the Arab mind by the victories of Sir Herbert Stewart and Sir Charles Wilson, in neither of which was the Mahdi personally engaged, and the task Lord Wolseley has undertaken will now be found more difficult of per- formance than even that most astute of Generals could have believed pos sible when he gaily cantered forward to Wady Haifa It may happen that the Mahdi will offer to give up General Gordon and his officers on condition that the British troops at once retire from the Soudan, and it ib difficult to see, his instructions being to relieve Gordon, bow Lord Wolseley will be able to refuse this ; but what an in glorious termination that will be to the defence of Khartoum 1 However, it will only be on a par with the whole struggle in the Soudan, which was in- gloriously commenced, ingloriously broken offi and too tardily re-com menced. 