A LECTURE ON AMERICANISMS. No. 2. BT AN- OLD RESIIIENT OF EMBBALD HILL. I To bark up tho wrong tree denotes that a . person has mistaken hisobject, or is pursue ing the wrons;'course to obtaia if. Iu hunt ing, a dog drives a squirrel or other game into a tree, where by a constant barking, he attracts its attention until the hunter arrives. ! Sometimes the game escapes, or tho dog is deceived, and barks up the wrong tree. Sam Slick soys If you think to run a rig on me, you have made a mistake in tho cheild, and barked up the wrong tree." ?. r To wake up the wrong pissenger i« of some what similar import, and means to make a mistako in the individual. It is in fact a substitute for tho old phrase to get the wrong sow by the ear. The allusion is to the custom on board steam boats, of arousing or waking up passengers at atoppiog places, when frequent mistakes are made, and the wrong person called up. Sam SI ck gives the follow ing account of an interview between an abolitionist preacher arid a contented slave. The former addressing the slave, says "poor ionorant wretch.' Massa, replied the negro, . " Sou has woked up tho wrong passenger dis time. I isn't poor, I ab plenty to eat and p.'cnty to ; drink,, whoa X wants money, Missus jiibs it mo, when I wants wild ducks or venison, all I got to do is to say to dat Yankee, oberscer, I'd Missus want] some canvas back duck or some deer." Tu liy off the handle, is to fly iotoapassion. To go oil the handle, is to give up the ghost, or to die- The allusion is to the head of an axe. ,A New 3fo-k paper reports in a recent i-sue " That a poor man in that city had a fortuneleft him by a distant -and wealthy relative who " went off the handle,'' iin England rather 'unexpectedly." To paddles ones own canoe is a tii>urative western ,phrase, meaning to make one's own fortunes :?- . ; ' Voyager upon life's sea To yourself be true, - ; . And whereever your lot may be » - " Paddle your own canoe. Leave to Heaven in humble trust " . . .... _i]iy0U wj]j to do, ' ' .- .-* But. if you'd succeed you must "Paddlo your own canoe." I . He's' playing possum with you, is a common expression in > the South and West, and im-1 plies that he is deceiving you. The opossum when attscked by, a, dog, pretends to be'dead, aud thus.deceives his 'pursuer, hence the ex pression; I am, not -aware whether the opossum of Australia is as -enti> as;-.his ? American cousin, perha'pssoraeofmy younger' honrorj may be able to inform me. -To,.wake snakes is to'make a rousing noise to get .'into notion: Sam .Slick exclaims, '' Come wake 'snakes'And push,oir with the captain and get the fisb aboard. Uo«eaBigMow in speaking of military services, says this, " Grivine whers gi0j7r°"si' ' ono »?roe»bl« feature and if it wamk for waking snakes, I'd be hum agm short metre- '"" ? i Small potatoes and few in MU si»nifiei petty, mean, and contemptible. ..Its.imall potatoes for a man o' war, to be huotinic poor game like us little fore-and aft vesrels." .. I tuk to attending Baptist meeting, ? caia' tiie the Presbyterian minister here it ouch small potatoes, that t'edifying to sit under- his preaoluo." In contra- distinction, "aocoe pumpkins ia a.term in use at the south' ami west, m opposition to tho other . equally elt-^nt phraso. She's /?soma pumpkin.;"^ f? "wsoorian expression for something super i latiTe.n the female line.' .'Pm out'Mar crade, I m safe through my teons. I guess I'm some pumpkins, and I think'I know'beahi is a quotation from an American so tig. i ' I; ; Yes sirr e and no sirree. for yes sir, or no .»ir, o-iginated in New York, and 'is' now" beard throughout the States. . The following aneodote i» from the Baltimore sej While hearing a case, the attorney stated in his plea that he beheveJ one of the jurors to''tie in loxicated. The'judge, addressing the man alluded to said, 'Sir, are you drunk ?' " The ? jurior straightening himtelf up, replied in a dbii deficient tone, 'No sirco bobj.'' 1 VVell' said th» judge, 'I Bnejou five'dollars'for the ree, and ten for the boby." On Wed ncsday last an insolvent, formerly belonging' to iSew Orleans, was beint examined in the ? Melbourne Insolvent Court, aud in answer to a question from Mr. Commissioner1 Noel replied, "No siree." The man's involuntary^ Americanism draw dowii upon' hiimelf' 1' .harp reproof from the affronted functionary J.0 shoot ones grandmother is a common, though vulgar phrase -in'.New;England; and means to be mistaken, or thoroughly at sW it is aynonomous with-finding a mare'r nesfc. . 0.0 make tracks is. to go, to run. $t. G-illies f,iviog an account of a skirmish at Coquimbo' says Some fifty were killed, a like number were wounded or taken prisoners, : the re'-' maigder made tracks for the citj." 'Jo make .one s mark is to mate an impression . to dis t^guish oneself ^be fblipwing.is the, close ° , some h.ne"' relating to' Miss nce ^iRhtiftgale, is taken from an Auieri .can. newspaper.-.... : ATiong the, writ's-great '.women,-, thou -hast' ,r- thy glorious .mark,, ' , . . . .Men will .bereatter ,irieht>on make of .'tlUe'1 . .. . .with.J.oan of. Arcy . '< '"^talfei'S'wJlo^'elate^hemaidofSaraffoasi's" Like,,.a, thousand, pf bricks,;,i, a q^e/simi'ls Tery.pftcn heara.i it .meKia Jall.ng heavily 1 Will gire an 'illustration of''its use-A huge negro woman threw herae'lf convulsively from her feet,, and fell like a thousand of l oricfcs across; a,.diminutive -old. man: ' To eo, ahead, to go forward,..to proceed; a seaman's phrase which has .got into common use, To go for, is to be in favor of,-thus I co for peace into Mexice~&Uo; to de&'de in' favor 'of j>s, Ohio has gonq for.Clay, To go it blind,- is to accede, to any object without due.considera-' tion, thus, I know what I'm at, and don't g6 it blind. To go the whole bog is a western -vulgarism,- meamug to do a thing out and out, a softened,form of phrase is. to go the :entire animal. To .park it, is to court; to P^one 3 addresses to- used chiefly ia jcogl. fe^ftsiinftb s^ssfc ; . Wellpparkit-here tonight, . ,p kind..o* loy© you, Sal I vow, Arid 'mother sa?(3 I might. There s no two' way's about it, that is, tb» tact is, just1 so, and not otherwiee, are re-v . .cofun?only used in conversation, and u ewU .valeiit, toour.remark.of " I'her.'s no mistake about it. All-bred, means edor.nous ex". ?ee=s.re. . I was woked up by a uo « in tW |treet,. .save bliek, " so l jumps up in an all fir^d nuri-yup with tho winder, and outs with my head." Big is a thorough American word, and usually denotes great, fiae. or e\ c>Uent. - We hear of ">4 thW big^re and person^of distinction nrc vulgarly callel b.H bui-h 1 he river,.Mississippi ,"s called th« big drink. V Another favorite adverb 18 catawampou.ly, aud mesn. fiercely or eagerly; To be catawompousiv chawed Uo implies being Completely demolished, or ut-; t«rly defia ed. It is one one of the ludicroua monjtroiiues.in which the,vulgar language of the Southern States abounds. The Charles ton. Mercury has the following In this debate Air. Browning was cafewampousiy ;obawed.up; his arguments were uufi only mec but his sarcasm returned upon himself with great effect., A long efiaik rnlgarly means -a long distance-a good deal! : He can't do it iby.a long chalt, is an eipression'ofie'n heir 1 ,A man meeting another inquired, -'Mioiit your name be Smith?" " Web, it mi»bt," was the reply, «' but it ain't by a long chalk." Considerable is also a great deal, the word is frequently u.ed in the following msnnor in the.Northern States.-Ho i- oon»iderableOf a l iw e j ' cos . derafcl» of it may be f und i'i counrry jt*arsoi'i Xuttle'e; con>idorjble o'" a man but he will never be able to hold' a candle to Elden Sniffles. Cotch is used for caught, and is a nigger vulgarism' Snako baked a hoo-calce, Lett a irog to watch it, ' Prog went to sleep, : Lizard cam and cotch it.- ; I count, 1 guess, I, reckon, and I calkifate are terms which stamp the Americans, who use them mcessautly iu conversation. Critten tor creature, is a common vulgarism in con versotion, and is generally used wbe, spe.k mg of horses or cattle. Cute is an abbrevia tion of acute.; "Now "say, I. "I'm going to shew you a 0ut6 a thing as you'll see fn a day s travel. MisaAllin, in one of her home ballads thus describes a Yankee:-. ? No matter where bis home may be VVJiat flag may be unfurled, ' He 11 manage by some cute device \- . lo whittle through the world. To get one's dander up, or to have one's dander nz,. is to. get into a. passion. Dead -'5;^9 Police of travelling with free tickets or passes. Persons who, without paying, drink at a bar, ride in an omnibus or i car, ^travel in a steam boa-, or visit the theatres, are called dead- heads. In the prin cipal street of Detroit is a toll-bar, close by which is the cemetery. There, as in other parts of the1 world, funerals pass through the bar without paying toll. One day. as a well- known worthy physician stopped at this turnpipe to pay, ho remarked to the toll col lector, -'Consideringltliebenevelont character of our professions; I think you on^ht to let us pass free of cnarga.' " Ko, no, doctor" the keeper readily replied, " you send too many doadheads through here as it is. Doctor paid his toll, and never asked for any more favors after that.' To fceepon-j's eyes stinned is _to bo ou .the alert, An instruction to' the volunteers was, "Keepyour eyes skinned and your riBcs clean. Somewhat similar advi"e Cromwell gave to'his soldiers when he told them; to " put) their.'faith in Providence and keep..their, powder dry." Fixings signifies Arrangements, embellishments, trimmings, or garnishing of every kind. The word is used lu many ways. I'wiU give a few examples: plhe cheat.-e was: better filled,' and the* fixings /looked,nice, in Philadelphia, ? all the fellows fell to getting grapes for the ladies, but they all had their Sunday fixing 0n and were afraid to go into the brush-as applied to food, poultry...is-called chicken fixings the remainder of",the; breakffist table-in New York was filled up with some washed up old.heu.;called chickea fixings. -Many of our digging phrases are of -American omin, subli' as the,word ,diggings: itself,- firstnijd at the western lead mines, i Insteed'of saying' thi-s or that mine, the phrase !iu vogue was'tlie'xe diggings or those diggings, In Bortwick'a California wo find the principal diggings near' Hapg^pwn.: were surface diggings, sbut: with the,/exception of: six diggings; every kind; of .mining was: Been- in'-full force.' In' Kibh's Squatter Life is the following address :-13ovf fellar', .aud candidates, I am, the' first m»o eyer seed in (these'diggings, I killed the first bear. ,eyen ,a wh^te-skinned, in.,the country, apdvam ,the,first manufacturer of wliiskey; : and, ;ar powerful ..mixture it is too." 'Claims audi olaimijumping-longtom,: the apparatus' fqr; Washing gold-Cradle' a'fsitni'ar 'tnachihe tq make one's1 pile. - To: take a spell,"ex pression heard on our gold ' fields ar« mostly ,of Californian origin. A'loafer is a vagabond oi; an idle lounger. This peculiarly American wprd-hiia boemgradually growing: into:ex'teh siyeius^jduring thft lBsti'30 years. It wa< ap plied in the.ffrst place to the vagrants of the large, Ameriear towns. :n which Bense it ij equivalent to the lazzowne of Naples, or the lepers of Mexico, 'the origin of the word is altogether uncertain, but a writer in Kotes and Queries " tolls the following story of it® probable origin :-An .old Dutchman settled in New York (and acquired a conaid'3rabl& fortune, be had an only daughter, and aa American fell in IotO with her, on her dollars or both. The old father forbade him bis house, but the daughter (naughty givl) en couraged him. Whenever the old merchant saw herlorer about the premises, he used to exclaim < to his 'daughter, "There is thafc loafer- (lorer) of yours, the idle good for nothing-and so an idle man hangiug about 'came to be called a loafer. ,. V. ' (To be continued.) 