COWARD CONSCIENCE ! BY V. VT. ROBINSOS. (Author of " Grandmother's Money." "Little Kite Kirby," " Poor Humanity," ic.) "O coward conscience, liow thoa dost afflict me r — su-utspeabs. BOOK Ed.— MISERERE. CHAPTER XI.— GH0ST8. » nen lom Uagnell- was standing with lus brotlier at the open window there seemed noth ing out of the common way to account for Marcus's excitement. The dark expanse of garden ground stretched below them ; the trees stood out in inky blackness against the lesser mnexness ot tuo sky. ana tho wind ana nun dashed amongst tho branches tfnd gave them life and motion in the night. " \V eU, what is there to see said Tom. "Do you think any particular shock to a fellow is likely to turn his brain?" asked Marcus. " What shock have von had ?" rejoined Tom. " Oh ! you know — about Fanny." _"Thnt was not a great shock, I hope," said his brother. " You were to get over it all by bedtime, if you remember !" "Ah! yes; that was my bounce, Tom," Marc as confessed. "My way of brazening it out, for I have been awfully floored, 'pon my soul ! But," putting bis glass to his eye, and peering down carefully into the garden, "it didn't strike me I had gone out of my mind nntil a little while ago. Do vou see anything in the garden at all ? Anything wrong 1 " No. " No more do I," said Marcus. " Why then " " But I have seen n great deal," he went on ; "the whole place below there has been hannted, or else— my brain's really gone, 'pon honor." " What have yon seen ? " People moving about down there, just as if it were summer time, nnd thoro was a garden party ou," replied Marcus. " I could have sworn Ursula was m tho garden an honr or two ago, or n woman of some sort that looked like her. Bnt then, you see, she was with the governor." " Yes, that settles the delusion," answered Tom, in a low tone. Besides, Ursula does not walk about in the rain, and toss her arms up and down, like a wretched lunatic." ' No, that is not like Ursula," said Tom. "Did yon call to her ?" " Call 1" replied Marcus, " with my tongue like a piaster of Paris cast in my month 1 I was too scared, Tom, by Jove I" " Did she see you "at the window ?" Tom inquired. " Dou't think she did," was the reply t " and yet she looked round. Do ghosts look over their shoulder, Tom ?" " I can't say," replied his brother. " Well, what else ?" " Then there has been a man, or the ghost of one, in a hat too big for him, muddling about, too," Marcus continued. "I called to that, and it went on under the verandah and disap peared." " Yon have had a lively night of it," Tom re marked. " That's not all." "Well?" " Well," repeated his brother, " a little while ago, back came the womnu, or the ghost of the woman— or another woman — over tho lawn there, dragging herself along by the trees and the garden seats, as if it were hard work to got on— aot a bit like Ursula now 1 So that shows I was wrong— or queer, or something." " What was the woman like ?" "I can't tell you. She'll catch on awful cold presently, for site had nothing on her head, and Iter hair was all down her hack and over her face, and she did not room nhlu to find her way for it. Not that hair would make anydilfcrence to nuyipparltion, 1 sapposo?" " Why did you not leup down and stop her ?" said Tom; "ak who she was, and wiiat she wanted ?" " Ye — or, not a bad idea," was Marcus's slow remark, "ouly it's M feet down, nnd I might have snnppod myself in half. Besides, I'm not brave, Tom, and I bod not tho pluck." " It is singular," muttored Tom, " unless you have been dreaming all this." "I called out at last ' Who's there ?' bnt no body answered," said Marcus. "And then that stnpid animal Cab turned up, and I shouted to him to stop her. I shall have a fine sore thront in tho morning, , I expect, with nil this bawl ing." "Tho dog was there, then?" asked Tom. " Upon my word I'm not qnite sure it wasn't the ghost of a dog too," Marcns replied, " for it crawled on like a snake, and dence a bit of uotico did it take of tnc, bnt followed the woman, or the ghost, and disappeared." "You shonla have come to me," said Tom, angrily ; " you were quick enongh to knock me Mfr s»v tug tuictca U1UIWU in." 41 Don't remind me of Birmingham, please," entreated Marcns : " I can't bear any more of that." ' I beg your pardon," said Tom. "Never mind my remarks, Marcus." ' Besides I was fixed bore— X expected somebody else. I have been waiting ever since for the next movement," Marcns con tinued ; " it did not seem the end of it. I fancied Fanny would appear. X thought something had happened to her." "Shot the window, Mircns ; there will be no more ghosts to-night," said Tom. mournfully. " How do you know ? How"- — " It may be easily explained; it may remain a mystery for ever," said his brother. " I have a wild idea which X dare not trouble you with —for I may be awfully in the wrong about it." Marcus shut th6 window. u Some of the servants are up to their larks, perhaps," said Marcus ; " we have an odd lot 0/ them in this house. Tou don't believe in ghosts ?" "No." "I haven't been so alarmed for years— never in ray life, in fact," said Marcu3. " X hope all this will not make me ill." "It will do you good," said Tom. "TTill it, by Jove?" exclaimed Marcus in amazement. " It has prevented vour brooding too much on Fanny — and I had left you in a bad way, old boy. It has distracted you — been a change — and the ghost of the old love has not sat so close to your heart. Only those ghost9 oat- side 1" Tom \va3 excited himself, and spoke with pas sion. If he were near the solution to the mystery, it had scared him with its ghastly horror," unperceived even by him who had drawn attention to it. Was Tom Dagnell in spirit-brad, and already haunted, that he looked so miserably besot? " You don't think thcro Is occasion to watch anv longer ?" Marcos asked. li No. The play's over," Tom said, scoffingly. CHAPTER XII.— N.VXT MoaxiN-G. There had been no time mentioned for Tom Dagnell's interview with his cousin ; it was to be cnrly in the morning in the gaiden whoro she liad first warned him of hi3 father's wish for their marriage. Ho was astir early in conse quence ; it was necessary to be wakeful in these new days, wherein there was ranch plotting, and where "stranpc events were happening honrly. There was ranch for Ursula Dagnoll to explain, he thought, after the humiliation of his own con fession had been fought through and succumbed to. no did not dream that the time for explana tion was not yet, and that Ursula and he were to moot again" under circumstances stranger than these. lie had rehearsed his miserable part all tho weary time bofore daylight ; he had prepared his story and set it, ns lie hoped, on its nest light ; he did not wholly despair, vain dreamer, of interesting Urauln in hie love for Violet Hilderbrnndt. For Ursula waB an honest woman and full of wondrous impulses of self- sacrifice, and the times were ripe for them again. What would not a woman do for love's Sake ? What would he not have done himself to make Ursula happy and free, if— Then his reason ing became clouded, and the mist of his own fancies, perhaps of. hU illusions, gathered thickly round him. He was looking for ward to self-sacrifice on her part; he conld not believe in the good of self-sacrifice on his, though ho might be prepared for it. That would make no one happy, be was sure : that wonld be unnatural and base from the beginning to the end. On the other hand, a few kind words, a few regretful tears, and then happiness nil round, like a finis to a pleasant story book. It was eight in the morning whon Tom Dag nell was in the breakfast room, biding his time as patiently ns he conld, and keeping his gaze directed to the garden lying beyond the win dows there. The rain, which had fallen heavily last night, had not censed ; it was n steady down-pour from the sullen clouds hanging over Broadlands. It was altogether an III time for a a lover's tryst in tho free air— even for such despairing lovers ns he and Ursula, and with such a Late before them. Tom stood at the window and watched the raindrops on the glass. Ursula would keep her appointment ; she was a woman of her word ; snc wonld send for him presentlv ; perhaps come to him where he was— in all her life she had been precise to a degree, and there would be no fear of facing him at Last, atlho bitter last, like this ! There was no one moving in the house of whom he could ask questions : the inmates were late astir that day; as if to balk him. The feet of one or two lazy servants shnffied without, but there was no one of his own farailv to irreet _ hira ; and Violet, always an early riser. w;w not present, was probably holding herself studi ously aloof from him after last night's parting, which he would have taken to bis aching heart as final bad she not promised that she would not steal awav from Broadlands like a thief. Still, he did not expect to see Violet Hilder- brandt ; he did not dream of meeting her, be felt all was changed between them, and that this was a cruel intermediate state, to be ended in ono way or another before the day was done, thank Heaven ! His mother bad taken to early rising lately, but she was not down that morning ; Marcus remained in his room ; thoro were no nows from the upstairs domain where Sir John fought for his life atv.1 Ursula reignod supreme ; even gar- Tho exclmivo right of publication in New South ,Wala? lus been purchased by tho proprietor? of "Tho Daily Telegraph." . 4 'ilr ... 1 v " rulous Robin Fisher was" digging poor Cab'? grave out in the damp plantation, by order, ol his master. . v ' : i i,.i u'i Tom breakfasted alone ; he 'had grown so accustomed to his loneliness that the sudden opening of the door made him' start. It was nol Ursula or Violet, however; it was only Mrs Coombes, bland and business-like as usual, her hands crossed on her black silk apron. " "I'beg your pardon, Mr. Dagnell. bnt 1 thought her ladyship was here," Bho said, half- backing from the room again, " Ono word, How is Sir John this morning ? , asked Tom. . " About the same, sir. He is sleeping verv " ' soundly now." : uAnci Miss Dagnell. Is she with him ?" v Mrs. Coombes looked surprised, even discom fited by the question, and Tom, who seemed ever on the alert, was quick to note the change in her. " Where is Miss Dagnell ?" he said, sharply " Well, sir, 1 was not to tell you yet awhile— « and that is the plain truth," Mrs. Coombes con fessed. " Mi.43 Dagnell thought it might alarm - you perhaps, and 14 60 ou. What is the matter ?" "If you please, sir, you will not say I told r you," said Mrs. Coomb€3. "X don't care to make words, and Miss Ursula can be very bard upon . me for disobeying orders — no one harder." "Why don't you explain?" crted Tom, im« patiently. " Miss Dagnell was taken ill suddenly, sir, and : rang for me about half-past 4 or 6 to s£t up with Sir John. She's iu her bed, very weak and faint, and wants to see her ladyship. , t 41 Has anyone been for a doctor ?" ' She will not have a doctor," was the reply. 1 "She will be downstairs presently, she says-- butj oh dear, she looks very dreadful to bi - sure. So grey-like 1" " Did she say I was not to know this ?" "Yes, Mr. Dagnell," answered Mrs. Coombes, " that is what she is particularly anxious about ' at present. lIf he asks for me,'" she said, 4 don't - tell him I am ill. Under any circumstances don't tell him X am ill.' " 44 Strange," muttered Tom Dagnell. "She said something about 12 o'clock, too," ' continued Jtrs. Coombes. " 4 Tell him 12 o'clock, if he should ask for me ; and that I'm very busy « till theu. But don't sec him, if it's possible— don't speak a word to him, if you can help it,' " ' she kept on saying till X left her." 44 Let a doctor be sent for immediately." "Yes, sir," replied Mrs. Coombes, but Miss Dagnell says she will not have a doctor." " Go to Lady Dagncll'6 room at once, then." 44 Ye?, sir." 44 And to Misa Hilderbrandt'e, and—" "Qhl I wns not to tell her, if you please, — sir," said Mrs. Coombes. 44 Oh ! dear no. Miss Hildcrbrandt was not to know of this. She . flew into a terrible passion when I said Mist Hildcrbrandt would be the oue to send for. Xt's her passion which frightens me, and makes ' me thiuk she has broken down at lost with ovor anxiety about Sir John." 44 Find out her ladyship — tell her I am wait- .. ing here, after she has seen her niece. Why don't you go 1" said Tom. Mrs. Coombes was only too glad to escape, nnd hastened to shut Tom in with » bis own thoughts, which were many , and disturbing, wnich belonged to last night's work nnu the new fears of the morning, ' and were inextricably involved. It seemed im- ' , possible that he shonM know all before the day was over : and yet Violet had promised him, : and eveuiSir John and-Ursula had intimated the . same, as if they were conscious that he hated mystery, and were anxious to dispel the clouds ' about lum. Conld they explain all, though ; ' was it in their power, or did there lie a mystery < beyond them to wiiich no solution was posst ' ble ? Did they know of Marcus's haunted hours iu his own room, and were they wild fragments ; of the secret also ? With tile skv darkening bofore him, and the rain hissing like a snake, he sat there and thonght that he was farther s from the light thau ever. Presently his mother entered in her dressing-gown, and sank into a . chair, weak and prostrate. " As if thcro were not trouble enough for us : without thi?,' she moaned. 44 Is Ursula very ill ?" asked Tom, anxiously . " Yes, she is very 111," said Lady DagnelL "and very obstinate. ' 44 Have yon sent for advice 1" ' "She will wait until Dr. Smiles calls to see Sir John, " replied Lady Dagnell, 44 she wants nothing but rest, she says. Rest and peace of - mind, as if there were getting any in this house." " Ursula has broken down with fatigue ; she ; has been over-worked," said Tom ; 44 no one helped her fairly." 44 If that is a hit off at your mother, I it," said Lady Dagnell, languidly, 4 although it is not fatigue which has pros trated Ursula. Oh 1 dear no." 44 What is it?" Bad temper— jealousy— or something of the kind ; and I m not surprised at it. I have seen ' this coming on for a long while ; and," ' added Lady Dagnell ; 44 been glad of It, too I She r was never fit for you, Thomas. You should " have known that long ago." > 44 1 am not fit for her, yon mean," replied Tom, moodily. 44 An . exacting, domineering, over-righteous young woman— a — " "That wiU do, mother." £ Do you know she has told Violet HUder- . brandt to quit the house to-dAy, and that she will not leave her own room until Violet bos gone. There, that's the illness of your Ursula, ' if you must know," she said, vindictively. 44 Vi ben Violet has left Broadlands Miss Dag- < nell will condescend to be with the family again— not before." 44 Has Fhe told you this ?" 44 She has." 14 1 must see her," 6aid Tom, springing to hie feet. 4 I will see her Ursula immediately." "She is too ill for that," replied Lady DagnelL somewhat alarmed now. "She is quite ill enough for the doctor, in fact. I have sent for him on my own responsibility." 44 That is good," said Tom. 44 And— — Violet?" 44 She is in her own room." "Yon have seen her? She is well?" " Yes." 41 And preparing to leave us. My God I going away to-d iy into her dangerous world again, 4 groaned Tom. 44 1 don't know," said Lady Dagnell. 44 X hardly think so. There are no boxes packed ; site is calm and grave and unexcited. She is watting, she says. 44 Ah I for me," cried Tom. 44 Remind her of her promise not to leave in haste, and until I have seen Ursnla at mid-day. Tell her all may chance from that hour, nnd all be well." Ho passed from the room into tho hail, whoro a servant was admitting a tall, ill-clad lad, who was slipping sideways past the door, and glanc ing askance at the domestic during the opera tion. The quick, restless eyes of the intruder caught sight of Tom. aud the lad rau to him with a sharp yelp of delight. "Why you're the werry bloko I wants," he screamed. 44 Here, come out of this, will yer?— , or put me somewhere where I can patter to yar, ' Don't yer know mo ?" 44 Larry Simos," exclaimed our hero. 44 What do you want ? Is your master here or any of your gang ?" . 44 No sich luck," was the reply. 44 That's the wust o' it. That's the orfollest wust of it, yei see." ' 44 What do you want ?" 44 Can't yer guess wot I'm here for wot I've been about ail these blessed weekav?" crieo Larry. " Oh, yer aro a cove, s'elp me." 44 Come out with me, boy." 44 All right. Where's your dawg ? Don't bring him." "No ; I'll not." 44 All right again. And how is the dawg ?" 44 Dead." " Is ho really ? Poor dawg, nowl" Tom seized his hat, and went into the rain, followed by Larry Simes, who, though limping ' sorely, managed to keep up with him by break ing into a run occasionally. Tom led the way to the seashore, as if a fitting place for their in terview, and less a scandal to nim. He could not trust thoso in his own house, which was full of eavesdroppers, and this con cerned Violet Hiiderbrandt, and perhaps her safetv. Or it might be tho beginning of tno eiid of all this hateful mysterv, and in some way applicable to that which had happened last night. Or it might be danger to Violet or him self ; this boy was a stormy petrel, and had always preceded tho storm and tne wreck. » (To de continued.) 