THE ZIG ZAG TELEGRAPH. A TALE OF A MIND DISEASED. BY LLOYD G. THOMPSON. FOB nearly nineteen years I have been waiting for some one to write the history of this line; but during all this time no account of its origin, or the manner in which it performed its work, has been published, and, so far as I can learn, no hint even of its existence has appeared in print. Can it be possible that I was sole proprietor and operator, and my weary messages alone went creeping over the that its faithful, patient services were given to me only ? If so, upon me clearly devolves the task of writing its history. And yet, to own the truth, this task is not an easy one. The Zig Zag was such an anomaly among telegraphs, such a bizarre affair altogether, that it sets at defiance all ordinary methods of description. It waB behind the times; it was slow with its messages; it carried them a long way around, and stopped with them in unexpected places; there was an air of mistiness about it that made me sometimes suspect that it was only the ghost of a telegraph—the phantom, perhaps, of some uncompleted, early invention left an orphan by the death ofjthe inventor. But stay—I must be more explicit. This telegraph was not composed of solid material substance; it did not consist of actual posts and wires. It was a phenomenon of an exceptional condition of body or mind, a phase of mental action in a given direction, a system of exploration in the realms of msmory, a—well, I will admit it at once, a something that I never quite understood; a problem, the solution of which I have many times almost reached, but which has always eluded me by dodging around unexpected corners and disappearing when thought I had forced it into a cul de sac. I will therefore make public my experience with this line, and transfer to others the solution of the problem; and, as the condition of body and mind was doubtless a factor necessary to the solution, I will make known this condition by briefly telling a small portion of my life's history. On the 6th of March, A.D. 1865, with other paroled prisoners, I crossed Broad River, twelve miles from Wilmington, N.C., and stood once more, with bared head and thankful heart, beneath the flag of our country. The emotions awakened by the sight of tins emblem of all we held dear, I shall not venture ta describe. I should blush to bring the poor tribute' of words to the flag sanctified by baptism in the tears of our tenderest and the blood of our bravest. For more than ten months I had been a prisoner at Andersonville and Florence. In this article I shall make no attempt to portray the horrors of Andersonville. The evidence under seal furnished .by those thirteen thousand graves needs no corroboration by parole testimony. When the storm has passed, the wrecks on the beach are surer recsrds of the force of the tempest than all the figures at the signal stations. I had fought the battle for life for more than ten months in those prison pens, and I was conscious that I had fought it well. I had lost ground daily, it is true, but I had contested it by foot by foot and inch by inch. My resistance had been Bteady, unfaltering, systematic. At the time I was paroled I was Buffering from sourvy and general debility, and had also endured most of the minor sick nesses ot the camp; but thus far I had escaped those fearful fevers that had wrecked so many of my companions. Shortly after I reached Wilmington a strange dullness took possession of me. My mind refused to act with its accustomed vigor. Owing to the ravenous appetites of some of the-men, orders had been given to issue extra rations to all who required them; and, although the regular daily ration was more than sufficient for me, I fell into the line with the others and drew the extra. This I took to my tent-mate, for safe-keeping, and again fell in and repeated the process, over and over, as long as the drawing lasted. About this time, too, racking pains assailed me, and I longed inexpressibly for home. Then the vessel came to take us to Annapolis, and we struggled, and pushed, and jostled each other, in our eagerness to get on board; and at last I was fortunate enough to get tumbled on to the deck just as the captain announced that be had a load, and could take no more. My recollections of' the voyage are confused, retnember being rolled about, and crowded, and lain on by other passengers. I also remember staggering up to draw tations, although I could not eat. Then I was helped off the vessel, and some one took me by the arm and led me away. Then we stopped, and and a voice said," Wash him." And then— blankness. How long the blank lasted I do not know. When my consciousness returned I was in a clean bed with white sheets. A light burned in the room, but I saw no one. I closed my eyes, and was lost again. When I awoke it was broad day, and a young man, dressed in a fresh suit of army blue, was standing by the bed-side. He expressed no surprise as his glance met mine. I lifted my right hand, and was astonished at the effort so slight an action required. I gazed at the skeleton fingers, and vaguely wondered where I had been while that .hand was growing so thin, said, " What's the matter ? " He said, " You have had the* fever. You're all right now. Don't talk." His voice was low and even it expressed no sympathy, no anxiety; he moved away, and I slept again. My recovery was rapid. The hospital surgeon visited me at intervalshe asked me no questions; he merely looked at me and passed on. I had ravenous appetite, and, with the Regularity of clockwork, a tray was placed before me on which was a cup of tea and a delicate piece of toast crowned with poached egg. As gazed at this dainty repast, I thought it meal fit for a god—that is, for a very small god. After a few days the pyramid on the plate was increased in altitude by the inser tion of another slice of toast under the ovari ous crown, and flanked by a bottle of porter. Next came the order for admission to the full diet table, and soon after the certificate en titling me to a furlough. During all this period of convalescence I was conscious of no derangement of the mind's action. My main interest in life centred in the . present, or reached forward, to the future; but still memories of the past, mostly of hope and early life, came to me naturally. I had, however, made no attempt to recall past events, as the admirable system of unquestioning treatment practised at St, Mary's College Green Hospital had suggested no such effort; and it was only when called upon to answer questions) at the time J applied for a furlough, that I discovered the singular phase of mental aberration which forms the subject of this narrative, I have said that my recovery was rapid; perhaps I ought to add that as I threw off the fever I began to suffer with a difficulty in my feet, probably scurvy—a difficulty that increased daily, until each foot felt like an immense bruise. But as this disease did not trouble me seriously while I was in the hospital, I did not mention the matter to any one, fearing that to do so would delay my departure for home. This brief portion of personal history is, I believe, all that is necessary to put the public in possession of facts that have any bearing on the problem under discussion. And now X come to the most difficult part of my task, the portrayal on paper of this abnormal action of the mind; and in order successfully to do this, I must describe the normal action in the same direction in such a way that it will be clearly recognised by all, and yet in such a way as will enable the reader to comprehend the abnormal. Hold! I have it! I will materialise this action; and if the materialisation lacks an arm, or even a leg to stand on—as is not unusually the case—if it but serve my purpose before vanishing in thin air, I shall be content. I will represent memory as a network of telegraph wires, the main line connecting the mind with the beginning of conscious existence, and side wires connecting this line with each event, each incident, each thought, of past life. When the mind is unimpaired, and the lines are in perfect working order, information can be obtained instantly from I any of the outlying stations. The question is \ flashed " " * over the wires, and - " the e answer is re- ( turned, and the combined messages constitute a thought. In many instances, however, no perceptible action of the mind is required, and the mind is unquestioning and at rest; and yet, from the various dep&ts; in which our experiences of the past are stored, the messages come trooping in, and we call them memories. These are phases of the normal action of the intellect and the undisturbed working of the lines. But I am also familiar with many phases of abnormal^ action, and various phases of wreck in the lines of communication: First, the poor wretch with the wire all down behind him, and the past a blank. Second, where the main line is out at a given point in the past. Back to this point the communications are perfect and the side lineB complete, but beyond—nothingness. uc/uuu—uu>uiugu<aii< • Third, where the main line is complete and I the side lines are in order near the farther I end, but mostly broken or impaired from] childhood to the present. This is a common I The gray-haired man prattles of the scenes of his youth, but does not recall the events of his manhood. Every word of the prayer his mother taught him is familiar, but he cannot remember a sentence of the speech that made him famous ten years ago. He does not recognise an acquaintance of yesterday, but the faces of the friends of his boyhood stand out clear and distinct. I need net particularise further; every one is familiar with the gaps in sections, where the storms of life have beaten down the side lines, and with the downfall of individual wires. Neither I will it be worth while to call attention to the I slight derangement of a particular wire that ] does not respond as promptly as'we wish, but leaves our question unanswered, while the operator at the other terminus apparently] takes a short nap, and we scratch our heads in vexation. My object in writing this article is to describe this well-known system of communication only so far as may be necessary to explain the working of the other line, which no one but myself appears to have used; and as I made use of both, I will designate the former as the Direct line, and the latter as the Zig Zag. The Direct line was always at my service oneway—it would bring messages, but could not be relied on to carry them; it would transmit one, and refuse the next in what I then thought a most captious manner; and sometimes it would apparently grow sulky and refuse them altogether. But the patient Zig Zag was not captious; it did not sulk when called upon to do the work refused by its rival; it went steadily,ploddingly,at its task, and never rested till its work was done. These two lines were distinct in almost every respect, and in order to make the distinction plain I will describe as concisely as possible the peculiarities of the Zig Zag. First, it never took a despatch straight to its destination, but went zigzagging through the past, making short flights from point to point, and sending back messages from every station. These messages were dim pictures of familiar scenes, that approached slowly and grew plainer until they reached a certain uniform point of distinctness, when they vanished instantly. . Second, these return messages never contained the information I was seeking, and some of them appeared to have no possible connection with it; and yet I was conscious that each of these dissolving views brought me nearer the object of my search. Third, no communication came back over the Zig Zag from the station where it finally delivered my despatch, but instead the answer came flashing over the Direct lane. This was t&e; most perplexing part of the whole transaction; for, although assured that each returning message by the Zig Zag broaght me one station nearer the station containing the object sought, I never knew how many still intervened, and the answer by the Direct Line invariably caught me puzzling over the last message by the Zig Zag, and gave mTa 1 1-1 IU.4. .M.NANNIJ HN A NAMNN little shock, like that experienced by a person when another jumps out'^suddenly*behind him and cries," Boo." Fourth, the number of stations stopped at varied, and this variation appeared to have no relation with the remoteness or nearness of the intelligence desired. To make this clear, suppose A and B to be station^ on ^the Direct Line—A containing stores deposited five years and B those deposited six months before; messages to B would sometimes be carried farther around and stop at more sta' tions than messages to A. Fifth, to each despatch the return messages came at regular intervals after the first, which took about twice the time of each of 'the others. Sixth, the length of the intervals varied with the varying despatches; the answers to some coming very slowly, and to others quite rapidly. Seventh, sending and .receiving messages by this line produced a certain strain on mind and body that was not felt when using the Direct Line. And now, having partially described the working of this line, I "will go back to the time when I discovered it. I had been notified that a furlough would be given me by ap- plying at a certain office, to which I was directed, and, with visions of home fioatinjg before my mind, I walked into the room and j stopped at the desk. A grave, stern-looking officer, with a pen in his hand and a book before him, sat by the table. He looked up and said: " Your name." I gave it, and j then supposed he would fill out my furlough; but instead he recorded my name in the . book, and then inquired: "What regiment j do you belong to? " Of course I knew per- I fectly well that the information sought was | among my stores, but when I turned , to the past with the question, " What regiment do I belong to!" I was amazed to find that the Direct Line did not respond. My despatch was off on the Zig Zag, and soon the misty messages came back : First message by Zig Zag. A bleak field, with a swamp extending from side to side near the centre; the field enclosed with a stockade, and crowded with wretched, dirty, ragged men; outside the dead-line, a long row of skeleton forms, with dead faces turned to the sky. Second message by Zig Zag. A long line of Union soldiers charging through an open field, with a forest before them; the line is broken and jagged, as if it had met a blizzard of lead; there are empty saddles, and fallen flags, and a blae- and-red windrow of dead. Third message by Zig Zag. A regiment of soldiers on dress parade; the soldiers wear blue coats; there are figures on the fronts of 11 * their caps. By the Direct Line, Seventy-sixth New York. I gave the name of my regiment, and the officer dashed it down, and asked, brusquely: "What company?" I ought to have been prepared for this question, but I was not. My mind was so dazed with the strange workings of the two lines that I thought of nothing else until the question was put. Again I turned to the past, and inquired: " What company ?" and again the Zig Zag took the question. First message by Zig Zag. A river spanned by a bridge; beyond the bridge an arch of evergreens and flags; a throng of men hurrying over the bridge and under the arch; the men are emaciated and half-naked, but their faces glow with joy. Second message by Zig Zag. A forest; Union soldiers grouped round a dead cavalrya sergeant with face turned toward the group, as if about to give an order; a line of Confederate troops in front. By the Direct Line, Company SV I named the company, and the officer jfl it down, and said : " Your captain's name?^ And the Zig Zag took the question. ^ " First message by Zig Zag. A long linB-Jb® Union soldiers, with a group of officers -fcii horseback in front; the officers with iieul? glasses to their eyes; the ground in descending to a small stream, then ascfe „ to a ridge; the ridge crowned with a line Confederate earth-works tod batteries i " Bhooters deployed as skirmishers betw<BeiL lines. ^ Second message by Zig Zag. A " " pen; a scaffold; six men with ropes, their necks and meal-sacks drawn over j heads; a sea of faces turned up, scaffold. Third message by Zig Zag. A drawn up in hollow square; & .man. on a coffin, with a file ofsol<Uersbeforejhim an officer omcer standing Branding stern hiiem and uuu pale, jkuo, HMME- . 1 1 - 1J 1 3 L.I1! S tended right hand holding a wMte^haridker- > chief. < * 1 By the Direct Line, Captain GoddawL The officer took down the name, a&L; in quired, impatiently, " When did you enlist J I had noted his growing iintd^i^M^., creasSl my distress. . Other 1 waiting to be questioned. The mind was' hopelessly shattered was ^Hnw^pSr; into certainty. The strain body incident to sending sages was intense. My knees shpok . me, and great drops of sweat sto&d; forehead; but I turned doggedly ^ I m I with the inquiry, " When did I enlist | Direct Line rejected the message, asiti^d the others, but the faithful Zig Zag did Ibs* desert me; although evidently over-wdt^^ it oame bravely to the rescue, and tookVmjr messape. The first response was longer flifk ^ I usual in coming, but it came at last*, ttf^"**' Message by Zig Zag. A large Sheet/ 1 j water with a river emptying into it; a®' I harbor; a grove of oaks with aspeaker's Stanq^ | in the centre; the' gro ve and stand covered 1 ] with people. ^ I At this point the officer repeated the|qu^| ] tion, " When did you enlist ?" The integr- ] ruption broke the connection on the Zig£j£g. j The tone of the question demanded &n; I mediate answer of some sort. I made : I desperate effort to force the answerfrotn ] Direct Line, then I said sadly, " I can't"* ! The, officer laid down, -his pen, and; _ ] petulantly, "I can't give you a f artoagii|Er ] can't tell me when youenlisfced.""^ ] agony of that moment 1 I wasnot to gojc^^ | after all? Was it not enough thfttjl; ] shattered in body and roind, but ] very ruin cut off mylastchanoelQfV- 11 thought not : of the forms of res^ ] from a private to a superior; 1 .MJiSC I injustice of fate. The inatinct ol self-" ] vation asserted itself . The old "^ v ] sistance that had earned me thro J trials blazed out afresb for frtfito j « Can't you you see what a ^wrecfc%'pj&W; | prison, God knows hoW lor~ ^ fever, and I can't thinklf' f v The protest began almor 1 " ended in a wail. I broke; cried like a child., For 4 i^>jn' . of the rooni was broken gentle voice said: ? I can: don't disteess youx^lf.". i? voice of that stern official? through my have had a tinier imti j of the transfiguration. Hat j aa a woman's. ,'WSQi I .he assured me that J ranged, that IjMst j date as nearly neaTly as" aspossible. Jrm -This """ I commenced agi the year, and then the ino; day. The furlough was ^ and, storing the paper safely in took the first train for home. At first I was a good dealferbii the peculiarities of the 2ig made a discovery that pw». friend, and also showed tiuijrae, in refusing some, of my metBages. others, was aoting according to.tew in a spirit of caprice, as I .at &8t The work oi the Zig Zag.Wvtp' munications with the stations on Line, and it had only to convey one *n to each station to accomplish this. -Mf the message was received and £he«tu? ' back by the Direct Line, the conneo that station by the Direct Line was lished, and messages flashed haok v «n<Li with their former regularity. I spoken of the messages that came tntt* these also opened communication Direct Line, and to these two eetB of jJfca _ my messages went .straight. Stimulated^ thiB discovery, I operated^ Zig fully, for I ki enlarged the i By means of the voluntary messa^ efforts of the Zig Zag, I was soon in direct, communication with most oi the BtoSoiuW and the use c* the Zig Zag became ^heffl^li ception. At this time I. used to-'ponflgr 1 a good deal on the subject, and rtmp comprehend the working, of these lines./ One: thing that perplexed me greatly was -4jap ?. between the last message by the Zig Zag ond the return message by the Direct Lme. On ^ exploring these stations after direct cpmmunication had been established, I found thai g 0me of the 2ig Zag messages approached very nearly the information required? lor example, the one in regard to the company, j Jt will be recollected that, in the last incture , > presented by the Zig Zag, a sergeant stood as if about to give an order. Now,the order really given was: " Company F,ldto hne* but as no inkling of what this order was reached me at the time, by either gap, though apparently small, could not -to; filled up. At other times, I could not, 4»ylB»' most careful examination, find the least con-.,^/ 1 nection between the last message by the Zig^ Zag and the answer by the Direct Line This^ puzzled me, and I imagined that someo£43w messages by the Zig Zag h.ad rmscarried^nd^. had found their way to some unknowh dejwU letter office; but I finally became satisfied. v. that the gap, in each instance, .extended ooly ; ^ from the last station on the 2 ig Zag to Stiffly station on the Direct Line contaimng the Jn- 1^ formation sought. I now give the oourse cSfc*^ reasoning by which this conclusion "WMS-r* reached. Since the messages toythe Zig Zag pi came at regular intervals after the first, sind^ the first took doable the time of each of *he others, I concluded that the despatch £ seat travelled at exactly the same rate of speed the return messages. ^ Thus, if A, B and 0 I represent stations on,the Zig Zag, and D lihe I T " L ~ • XL. T.iimm NRT >tba .IVII^ desired point on the Direct Line, and the aa** terval of time between messages was five seconds later, or at the exact time that my<. despatch reached B; while the message from B would reach me at the Bame instant that my despatch reached C, and consequently the message from C would reach me at the same time that my despatch reached D, the pomt on the Direct Line; and as the transmission of messages on the Direct Line occupied no appreciable time, this view of the case was sustained by the fact that the answer by the Direct Line always came to me while I was examining the last message by the Zig Zag._ 1 ' J * s And now the hiBtory of this* strange line is finished, at least so far as my knowledge of it extends. I bid farewell to the Zig Zag forever. Ah 1 but is it forever ? As I sit in the twilight and watch the gathering shadows, and think of the time in the not distant , future when the shadows shall gather for the last time, and when perhaps the parting soql will long to send the final messages of love, \ ] ask myself, " Shall I not find it again ? " 