Rabies Colxxmiv. DRESS AND ADORNING. -a The Rev. James Jtfferfs, LL.D., delivered at the Congregational Church, Pitt- street, otx Sunday, September 13, the third of a series of lectures on " Spinster Life," dealing particularly with '* Dress and Adorning. The congregation numbered fully 2,000, and "was composed to a very large extent of young men and young women. We make the following extracts from'the lecture:—"You will not, I think, consider me too severe an ascetic or critic if L say that an excessive fondness for dress and ornament is characteristic" of very many of the daughters of Britain to-day. How can I pass through the leading thoroughfare^ of the city in the later afternoon without seeing clear and visible tokens of this prevailing vanity? How can I read the description or the yearly carnival in Melbourne on Gup Day without knowing that the chief attracti in is not the racing, not even the gambling, bub the costly splendour of the ladies' dres.es— ladies whose wasteful extravagance deserves just rebuke. ' They toil not, neither do they spin, and yet Solomon in all his Rlory was not arrayed like one of these.' Let me sajr, however, that our age is by no means as baa as many that have gone before it. It would be difficult for a prophet of to-day to delivec such a homily as Isaiah delivered to th& Hebrew women. The vocabulary of our language fails in setting forth the articles n£ luxurious attire which are given in his 3rd chapter. I could quote you from the earls fathers evidence too ample that even Christian ladies of the 3rd and 4th centuries wore apparel that would be deemed shameless now. The fashions that prevailed in England not a hundred years ago were a parody on human nature, and 1 venture on the othec hand to express the opinion that the usual dress worn but a few years back by English ladies was more in harmony with the-:requirements of Ait and the necessities of life, than almost any ever before sanctioned by, general custom. Already, alas! a change haa set in. Fashion, the imperioas despot^ enemy of ait, aud comfort, and health —has issued her mandates, and one has to fear from tendencies already beguq that we may shortly witness the reigts of ugliness and bizaree. . . . Your clothing ought to promote health. Remember that the body, so fearfully .and wonderfully, made, is called in ScHp« ture a temple of the Holy Ghost, Yon are required, then, to care for the body that; it be kept in health and vigour, able to respond to all high demands that are ,mada on it as the symbol and organ of the indwelling soul. And this is to be done, not only by proper food and fitting exercise* but by appropriate dress. Any impediment to free action, any hindrance to the circulation of the blood, any obstacle to the fall play of those internal organs which ministec to life, is a sin against tne jbody. I am notspeaking widely or at random. "Whatnumberless lives are sacrificed by unnatural compression in order that a false fashionable outline may be gained! How many.-hjare absolutely destroyed their 'health,' an&afaidered; themselves .unfit for the common and the higher duties, by this shameful sacrifice to custom. Warmth, ventilation, freedom, purity, regard these as absolutely essential to your dress; 2. Your apparel ought to have the charm of grace and beauty. Nature is always beautiful—and when art comes to supplement Nature, it is an offence and a contradiction when it does not strive to be beautiful too. As the earth bringeth forth hex bud, so the bride adorneth herself--with her jewels; or, as Coventry Patmore sings in the song of a lover:— . * . Boon nature to the woman bows ; She walks in all its glory clad; And chief herself of earthly Bhows, Each other helps her, and is glail— No splendour 'Death the skiesproud dome _ But serves for her familiar wear ; ~ The far-fetched diamond £nds it3 home; Flashing and smouldering In her hair ; For her the seas their pearls reveal; ."-.' - Art and strange lands her pomp supply With purple, chi ome, and cochineal, Ochre and lapis lazoli. You may be in harmony with Nature and the Divine intent by arraying yourself with a grace and. beauty; or you may sin against Nature by extravagant finery, by false combinations of colour, by the overloading pf ornament, by distorting the typical outline o£ the human body. Of" the many common transgressions I can select but one. ' God, 1 saith the Scripture, ' made man upright, but; he hath sought out many inventions.' One of his most diabolic inventions is to prevent women from walking upright by. causing hec to wear an instrument of torture for the feet. And to the same source, to the man-milliner —for snrely no woman could have conceived it—I trace that ghastly distortion of the human shape which of late the tyranny o£ fashion has demanded in woman's dress. That she should lend herself to a custom which destroys all beauty of form is to me past comprehension. The fashionably dressed girt of the period is in this respect; a scandal and a warning. I. beseech you, young women, in the name of Him who i beauty as well as wisdom, "that y"ou~ reTuse~t<> accept ugliness as a passport into fashionable life. Defy fashion where it so grdfelyiiinB. Refuse to be at the mercy of your eordWaihec or dressmaker. Rule them; do not let themi rule you. A Christian woman at least should be free. Let the woman of the world, if she will, bow to the shameful yoke. 3. Your address and adorning should be in harmony with truth. Hctel can ley down no rigid line. Your own conscience must be the arbiter. You need not indulge in-overscrupulosity. They are certain -convention-* alities which deceive no one. Do not jfe^disturbed by those. The essence of falsehood is deceit. If you wilfully and deliberately deceive, you offend against truth. And as Buskin says, ' There are some faults slight in the sight of love, some errors slight injthe estimate of wisdom; but truth forgives noinsult and endares no stain.' And a lie may be as downright and inexcusable in dress or ornament as in spoken word. What falsehood there is in fabrics. In the Chamber.of Deputies in Paris, as I saw by vest jrday'j paper, it was stated that .' the fashion -for real silk tissues had passed, and ch'Bap aUks were in demand. In such silks much 'cotton was introduced; indeed, in some, cases inferior silk stuffs had been made id which there was 90 per cent, of cotton.' You Want to have a Bilk dress. What could be better both for beauty-and wear? But you have not money for real silk, and so you buy a cotton dress with a silken lustre, and seek-to palm it off as real. You want to wear gold and jewels. W hat could be finer? But your means are limited, and so you buy ^coppec with a golden washing, and clear and coloured glass that looks like the diamond and ruby. Cheap jewellery ! What young soul trained in the school of Christdoes not utterly disdain it ? fcJAnd there are other modes of false adorning. Crypian says, 'The apostate angels first taught the daughters of men t paint the eyes with blackness, to stain the cheeks with a deceitful red, to dye the hair with false colours, and to drive out all truth both of face and head by the assaults of their corruption.' We need not go back quite as far for the source of modern falsities. There is quite enough to account for them in the too prevalent desire to emulate and outshine, i {A truehearted girl dresses to please, but how manyare there whose chief aim is to surpass jthe rest. Vanity leads into a whole labyrinth of falsehood. 4. A fourth rule I will give you is this—dress in proportion to your circumstances. You may not believe—I do not myself—that society is wisely divided into upper and lower, as if money or adventitious rank were the sole criterion of what is worthy. But we all of UB occupy certain positions in a social scale. Some, for the sake of example, are learned, and some are less - learned. If any one of you, not having wou University honours, were to put on the capand gown of the girl graduate and call yourself Bachelor of Arts, how foolish, as |well aa false, you would be. Some again are rieh, and some are not rich. If one-of youjjosaessed of little means shonld spend it all on dress, and appear in public like a lady of property, would not that, too, be foolish and false * And yet how many do it ? How many servants dress like their mistresses? How many young women, winning money by daily honourable^ toil, spend it foolishly andleyea. dishonourably upon fine clothes out of all keeping with their position. My thoughts go beyond this. The richest among you may well think whether an undue proportion of your means is not being spent on luxurious attire. In every station there is need* of thrift. I do not want to be a prophetef evil but let me tell you the prosperity of; the colony is not always going to be at it-i present height. Our chief product, by which wealth has been created and trade and commerce kept in activity, has been for a year or two declining in value, and during the past week EO seriously as to inspire many with fear. I counsel you to be thrifty, one and all. The dark loom of hard times is upon tbe verge of the horizon. And then, yet further, which of you will be neglectful of the claims of charity, the wise-hearted benevolence which is anong the highest duties of the Christian life? What Rusain Baid of English ladies will apply, though perhaps a little less strongly, to you :—' As long as there^are cold and ruakednees in the land around you, so long •there can be no question at all bat that splendour of drees is a crime. In (fae time, when we have nothing better go set people to work at, it may be right to let them make lace and cat jewels ; bat as long as_ there are any who have no blankets for their beds and no rags for their bodies, so long it is blanket-making and tailoring we most set people to work at, not lace.' Take a real illustration, instead of one from imagination. This very week I was in the company of an old friend from South Australia, one of the wealthiest of our fellow-colonists. He has given large earns for the endowment of a University. He contrioutes to every wise effort of philanthropy. He gives munificently for the relief of the outcasts in London, and for the help of the deserted children in the cities of Australia. His wife, a cultivated English lady, true helpmate in all his benevolence, was by his side, dressed with simple grace, without one touch of Bplendour of attire. Simplicity and charity go hand in band. Only by thrift can you give. Which then would you prefer—fine and costly dress . and adorning to the full extent of your :means; or to hear your Lord say at last, amid the plaudits of Heaven:— For as much as ye did it to the least of these ye did it also to me.' 5. Just one concluding rule, which I will give in the words of Scripture, ' Adorn yourselves with modest appareL' Remember that you areEngmh ynaiHgnw. Remember that you are Christian maidens. Show clearly to all * the ornament of a meek and quiet spirit, which in the sight of God is of great price. For after this manner aforetime the holy women also who trusted in God adorned themselves.' Here it is impossible to define and prescribe, but God himself is your teacher. Nature has surrounded you with a bodyguard of modesty. Whatever would bring a blush to your cheek must be wrong. Whatever is \- doubtful you had better away with. If the insolence of fashion requires you at social parties to dress in a mode that in home life would be deemed shameless, refuse to sacrifice your modesty upon the altar of indecorum. Let it suffice for the savage to be half clothed and not ashamed. A refined civilization and the spirit of true religion demand seemly and modest apparel. _ A corrupted civilization, reckless of religions restraint, would have you go back to barbarism. In many ways the age is wanton. The barriers between virtue and vice are being broken down. What hideous sounds are these that of late have reached from the old country, like the mutterings of a distant and raging storm, or the groatungs of a subterranean earthquake:— The world . . look round. The world we're come to hate, is swollen hard With perished generations and their sins. 3Tou are young and innocent, and you may reply— And is it so, and is the world so bad, Wiule I hear nothing of it through the trees? The world was always evil, but so bad! Xes, so bad. And you in your maidenhood need to be warned. Keep within the safeguard of your innocence as in a pavilion of \- God. Let- your- apparel be In keeping with your character. Every outward (excess is a weakness, a breach in the walls. The love of dress, the false beauty of it—the love of ornament, the false glitter of it—has been the beginning of rnin to thousands of girls. It is one of the perils of great cities, bad enough in London and New York and San Francisco, and equally bad, perhaps, in Melbourne and Sydney. Bear with 'me then in fervent, appeal. I will express myself in the wordsof the apoBtle Paul, 'lam jealous over you frith godly jealousv; for £ espoused you to one husband that 1 might present you as a pure virgin to Christ. Sat I fear lest by any means as the serpent beguiled Eve in his craftiness your minds should be corrupted from the simplicity and purity that is in Christ.' And so I end my advice to you on dreBS and adorning." 