i LOG AT, mv ®mm%L. THE INVASTON bF WIKÖSÖRiÖY THPÜ SALVATION ARMY, OK S^ttträay ¡afeínooB Iw^Iie :%ävt>iit®ß jah Jantes wbd «^^pl^,.^JJp^:'riirirate>l arrived in town 'find issued Weit-, ¿jGKwBral't proclamation by means- «máíl hknd-biils the text of which Tan BS folio vs t-f "SALVATION ARMF-DsoufeATioy OF WAR. On Saturday, i28tli Feltruïry, the Army of Deliverance (the Salvition Army), will (D.V.^ oppn âre on the Entrenchments, Fortresses and Prison Houses of the Dtfvil. and commence the deliverance of all sin-sick, sin-bound captives in Windsor. Captain Meale and Lieut. Annie Sci win of the Loni's own Nuggets, will lead the Troops of Light against those of Darkness. A host of blood washed warriors will take part. The first march wi!) be at 7 p.m., and at 8 p.m., the First Pitched Battle will be fought in the Oddfellow's Flail, Macquarie-street. Sun day : Knee-drill, sword-sharpening, kit-in spection, and ammunition served out at 7 a.m. Public Meeting at 10.30 a.m. ; free and easy at 3 p.m. ; salvation streams and showers at 7.30 p.m.. Meetings every Tues day, Thursday, Friday, Saturday ?»ind Sun day in the Odd-Fellows Hull. Everybody come." The above is the exact-text oÇjhe Salva tionists' proclamation, and though wc con clude -the"rAr4ny~adr«rtisos ónly in its own organ, The ffar Cry, we do not grudge those people" the above notice. It may naturally ! be supposed that such an attractive bill of fare, "drew many people from, their sitting rooms to balconys and door ways, to see thc 1 " Army "' pass, as well as put our larrikinii on the gui vive for a litttle extra diversion. We may say that the lasses, who were quiet unassuming, decent looking girls, wore very industrious in trying to sell the War Cry for one penny, and did not even disdain to enter the pubs and sell their wares at ' what they might perhaps consider the mouth of the Fur nace, or the Pit. However, true to time, lite " Anny" made its appearance, and the clang ing and jangling of a viriety of brass instru ments was heard by the inhabitants of Central Ward, far away down Gourde-street, until the well-known refrain of " The Young Re cruit" »as plainly distinguishable above the hunt of voices, nf tho noisy crowd « ¡to fol lowed. The baud of male and female sol diers passed on to the vacant allotment, near the C ingresad jual Church, and there, sur oundetl by a big crowd of noisey hoodlums and curios people, commenced their first skirmish. The volleys wore very rapid and short-singing, praying and loud haran guing following sharp on each other, until the bold warriors march to the Odd.Fellow's Hall where the battle commendd in earnest. It is needless to state th-it the Hall wits crammed, aud there being but a limited number of seals Was literally packed with standinglsightseers, who had been drawn thither by what was certainly a novelty to most of thc^.' We have in our time, been in all sorts of plao«s for religious worship-from a Buddhist tem ple to a Quaker's meeting house ; from ibo grand au.l solemn ceremonial of a Continen tal Catholic Cathedral to the vagaries jof the Latter Dav Saints (Mormons) Î» . a minali chapel in East London.-/^Wi have' Wánáfct the service >f a Greek Patriarch' in Russsia, at a Mosque on the shores of the Bdspharus, at a Methodist's Revival meeliüg in the Shires, ut a Shaker's shivering mateb in London : at au Australian Aboriginal Cnr mbboreo and atn Chinese pow-wow in Hong Kong, and we do not think we were evot more impressed than at Uli» small meeting <%t Salvationists in the Council Chamber. The whole thing tva« a piyÄolofficaJ-and We might also say, with much truth, a physiolog ic il study. There Were eight performers (if we may so call them) (our being Women and oiüht men or boys, and of the latter, some tour or five played brass instruments. When ne went in all hands wore playing and slug ing a lively air, with a still livelier chorus, in which all joined in with « sort of half Waltz step and a motion of the hands which seems to be general to all, and performed with much regularity. The leading lady, Miss Selwyn, who we believe, ranks as captain, sang a solo, in a very clear, but broken-voice-broken, we should say, from sheer overexertion and intense hysterical feeling-the others joining j in the chorus, sntnc of the voices ticing thirty .rood, while two of the-now chums, we should take them to bc-had terrible lungs, and give out a sound that chilled one's mar. mw, being something between the croak of an old bu 1 fro,;, and the filing of a cross cut. A younger sister then made a short address-tho addresses alwavs end very abruptly; and another younger lass in a black scuttle bonnet then followed suit. Tile second in command of the party (Lieut. Walker) now int upon a chair and rend the 3rd Chapter of St. John, with variations - or rather, we should say, with his own view on the passage read, which, after all, is only what better Schooled men do. The real pith of his argument was contained in the 3rd verse, in which Christ tells Nico lanius ih it "unless aman he borne again he emu it enter the kingdom of God." This gentle man was the noisy individual of tho party, a,d hie lungs, must he made of a blacksmith's holloas; added to his splendid lung pmer, was a beautiful lisp and a sinster eye-in fact, he was a second edition of Brown, the noted Domain howler, who, our readers will remember, was up here with the Squire of OaklanJville's troupe of cold water per formers some twenty months ano. Tnis gentleman informed the audience that he had not been dragged exae'ly nut of the very deep mire of sin-he had nt.t been a God-forsaken sinner as some men ; he hid, on thc contiary, been a Sunday school teacher, hut had been ttn^anctified for all that. Upon rclerring agn'n to the 3rd verse "Ye must bc horn agaiu''-somebody at thc back of tho Hall asked, "Who"? " That's you, my brother," said the Salvationer, and then, pointing in another direction, would exclaim "That's you, my sister." Collections were taken up, and the tools employed showed nt once thc ?kind of audiences the soldiers of the army arc used to, for instead of open plates, solid looking boxes, having a handle at the end, and looking mnch liko a buggy lamp in shape, were used; there was a slight con cavity at the lop with a slit at the bottom, so that thc coin went out of sight, and, in thc event of a capsize from a mischievous crosrd, the cash was secu'o. While the three pennies (and we certainly heard some heavier metal), were chinking, the Captain was giv ing out verses of a hymn, and every uow md kien elie would exclaim; "God bless, you, -i igopd people !" and " Tn»nks ha to God !" ¡ I fí?iién7 another soldier stepped forward~ j * îjjypmp'iy, as a Soldier should do ; there was j Mèfsitation, or backing and filling with these { i f£wrtï,fty a" canie to the írontat once, and; SKit preface, plunged straight into their j f^||Ät, iriv«riahly stating at the onset that thqg'ieJoieiBd lp Jknow tbsttHey wiresave^' j Thiîarnan was an intelligent looking man of ¡ the artisan class, and spoke calmly and sens-- j ibly. Then another one,« mun of much the j same Stamp, said lie had. bêen a deep-dyed I sinner, and not long agi had been a hajSl drinking man, buttha Army had saved him, j Here the Army sang *. Whiter than snow, yes, whiter than snow, Now wash me, and I shall be whiter than snow." Followed by another address by an un demonstrative, low-voiced soldier, who seemed glad to cet it over. The Captain then led with, " We shall wear a crown in the new Jerusalem." in wlrch the female portion of thc audienco, having purchased hymnbooks, joined. Another soldier said a few words, hut as he j was palpably suffering from a cold, he could well be excused. Another hymn, and then a short soldier in a blue coat with white firings made a lengthy speech, which was well received, until-in relating an anecdote about an old Wesleyan minister and a blacksmith, who had been HU infidel, b'ut who had recently joined the Army-he forgot the word, and was some time before be picked it up again, which contretemps caused some merriment at the back. ; Another song, and then sprang into the arena-like the " Bounding Roe," or some other Red Indian chief -a tall, spare man in the uniform pf the Army. With darker skin hair, and eyes, he might llave been taken for the ghost of Joseph Smith, of Mormon (hine ; but, of course, it wasn't Joseph-oh, ito! Well, this person was a vigorous individual all motion, for not only did bis longue wag and his arms work round ¡ike the sjils of a wind-mill, but all one side of h s ('.ice was contorted every minute, while the other side was mobile. We knew the man long before he made himself known to the audience b}' name. He had been, he Slid, ten or fifteen years in ihe gaols of the colony, he h id been a wretch, a drunkard, a thief,' a vagrant ; he had slept in the gutters of the streets of Svdncy, but now he was a sanctified niau, mid he*blessed God that the Army haJ rescued bim from degradation, perhaps an untimely end; be had no«' good employment, he Iud a comfortable home, his wife and children wero happy and well clad, and, thanks be to Gorl, he could say that he was now doini good for other poor unfortunates «ho had been like himself. Here he announced hini s?lf as FRANK WARDEN-a name somewhat notorious all ovet the colony. Mr. Warden seemed to enjoy his notoriety, and np went his nostril, and down went his left eye with a twitch, which made him look as much like pooi old Fred. Lystcr's Mephistopheles ir. " Faust," as possibly could be-only, of the two, Fr^nk would make the better demon. We shall be very happy to hear of Mr. War den's sincere and permanent refornvition - ¡though, according to his own showing, be (ms no power to resist evil : be has the best in tentions, and although a splendid man, " an Independent man and no crawler," his old friend down below gets a good grip, which Frank can't shake off. Oar impression is ihnt Mr. Warden's attachment to the Anny will do them no good-at any rate, he created a bad impression at the meetings on Saturday and Sunday nights. We have heard that while here he paid a few of his victimized creditors-victimized during bis " soapy " ( which, of course, was a slippery business) days; wc don't know, he may have done so, but we very much doubt it. Anyway, we shall be only too happy to see the slightest sign of repentance in the pausible one, but as yet he has in ide no sign-to us. A lassie now recited her experience, and a bashful young shaver came out, said two words, ducked his head, and retreated. Warden then prayed in the most agonizing manner, which certainly went to show one of two things, that he was either a convorted m m or a biigor scoundrel than ever. He ap pealed to persons in the audience to .* come up" and join them ; but no one stirred - people in Windsor are a peculiar, hard-headed, and po-sibly, hard-hearted race. There was a long prayer meeting after ward'--, and the last we saw of thc Army on Siturdiy night was the brothers and sisters in a mw on their hands and knees, bumping their heads on the floor, after the manner of the Mol ab's in oastern countries, Sunday was a day of much noise and ex citement lor tile usually quiet town of Wind sor, for the Army marched both morning and afternoon, with Captain Selwyn and Lieuten ant Walker of tho No. 1 City of Sydney Compnnv, marching backwards in front of the band, and keeping time with their hands. Tliev drew large crowds of peorle-morning, afternoon, and evening, the latter particularly so ; and the proceedings became so warm ilia' ilie magnetism seemed to fly from the tall soap man tn the audience, many of whom liecnmc either nervous or excited, according to temperament. Warden came out par ticularly strotiü, and thnuyh he had dished up his old stock yarn about the gaols, in the afternoon, ho gave it quite another dress in tlie evening ; he also took matters cooler, and altogether, ¡javo his recital sith mush more dramatic effect. He did not reveal his own ' identity until near the end, and then he let out a perfect flood of eloquence-which should have been irresistible. Though this m in takes ciro all the time to show vou that he is not a pharisee but a publican, be has a very idnrisa'cal way of making it known ; ¡ino h?r thing, with all Mr. Warden's con fessen as to his spotted career, ho keeps b 'fore bis hearers, as plain as be can, the fact that be ts not (or was not) an ordinary scoundrel, but a very superior sort of person. At the prayer meeting, on Sunday night, he seemed tn lose his temper, seoing that the audience did not care particularly about being " saved" ; he, therefore, prayed that " the stubb .rn hcaits of these people may be softened, and their consciences awakened to their great sinfulness," which is a pretty sun' way of enlisting recruits. From nine o'clock tn ten, there was a continual pleading to people to " step np to the front," but three only responded, and judging from appearances, those three were not very enthusiastic recruits. During the evening, the Catholic convert of thc party was trotted ont ; he was a fair specimen of the genus, Sydney larrikin, and his style of oratory at onco clinched any such half-formed opinion any nae may have formed of faim. He! re- ; cited his experience, jo a loud, grating voice ^particularly frog-like); said he was; one of those wfiu uaed to annoy the army in every way Ue could ; he used to play a con certina ai penny hops,^together, w#s » bad lot, untit tliè ?ïMfe ¡ iffipttder" fetched ! him up standing, atNewtowff noe night. He liad a batí^li ivith . the iäevil and ¿nálly conquered;*^; be . first went on the platform, l^^if^anijr «yt ' Thank the Lord I'm saved,'' but now lie could fay anything; and Address any audience. This young man very frequently made such peculiar faces while others were speaking, that one was in continual alarm lest he should go off into a fit.N Of all the band, or company, or whatever they may style themselves, there was one that had our warov sympathy-as indeed, We think, the sympathy of all, und that was the Captain, Miss Selwyn is a pleasant featured young woman of some twenty-four of five years of age, we should imagine; she is plainly dressed in the usual blue, tight-fitting garb of the army, and wears a straw coal scuttle bannet. She has a sweet, low voice-which, as wa have said, is ruined-by over- work; and from the same reason, we take it, being nightlv exposed to the glare of gas light, and to all sorts of weather in marching, there is a peculiar blinking ofihe eyes which painfully j impresses one that ¿neis also losing ber eye eight, This lady is the life and soul of the party; she is ever on the alert-prompt and ready with either hymn, prayer, or address ; the latter being well worth listning to-for notwithstanding the tired and weary look of the speaker, she keeps on till her voice fails her, and then, by some grand effort, she seems to imbibe fresh vig our from some bidden source, to enable her to raise her voice and hands in appeal. We do not think any person could doubt this woman's sincerity ; it is not for fallible mail to guage another's conscience or the depth nf her sincerity, but we firmly be'teve that Miss Selwyn is genuine. The lasses with her may be so too, and so also may be the men ; though there arc some of them we should be very sorry lo trust in a matter of any seiious import. Trkiug the Army and their modes of action as a whole, we confess to having some very mixed feeling respecting them. We are quite prep ired to admit the possibility of sudden conversions aud of such a person as Frank Warden being made morally whole and sound, though we cannot but think the chances arc very much against the latter. God forbid that we should preach the selfish doctrine we know some Christians teach, that a man who pins once must be kept under close scrutiny, must be watched and tracked down until he cannot live ; wo believe nothing of the kind; a man's single ein should no more ostracise him from Society than it shuts him out of God's favour and from redemption ; but wheu a man is always falling and seems to make cipital out of it, we apprehend there is a screw loose somewhere--in fact, we cannot conceive a man of " independence, education and good natural parts" (and these are the qualities Mr. Frank Warden assigns to him self) tumbling down without any apparent effort to save himself, lt is just possible that there are men in this Colony who have had as great troubles and temptations as ever Mr.'Warden has had,"and wh-i. perhaps, had not near the natural ability that be has, and yet have kept themselves out of gaol. If Mr. Warden is the superior being be protends lie is, it. is about time ho gave some tangible proof that he is a man and not a mere reed, ready to be blown by some imaginary devil to that damnation of which he orates with such gusto. Lots of people on Sunday were g-lad to hear that Dr. and Mrs. Thomas of Goul burn, think so highly of the oft convicted convict; aud no doubt they all sincerely hope that tho good bishop and his wife may never find that their trust has been misplaced. Between Mr. Warden and the young lady who Captains *he Windsor Company of the Salvation Army, there seems to us to he a wide and deep gulf; they are certainly the two extremes, and whore ouo gained sym pathy and commanded respect, the other's ravings made him nauseous and contemptible. On the whole, considering the novelty of the thing, the audience was fairly well behaved ; hy and bye the novelty will wear off and (he Army will be loft to hold their religious ser vices wi'hout molestation or aimnyuucerouch the same as other sects. One man was walked off to Durance Vile on Saturday night, and the police are to he complimented for thus taking care that the Army shall not bo molested. " By their fruits ye shall know them," and so must we who think differently to them, judge of their efforts by the results. Thoy are, we undeistaud, to be located in Windsor for six months, so that we shill all have an opportunity of noticing whether the Anny has the " power to snvo," which they claim to have. At present, there are hut Miss Selwyn and three younger wninon, and they are working hard to raise money to pro vide sitting accomodation for all who choose to patronize their services. They will con duct these services by themselves, in thc absence of the male members of the Armv, who will come up occasionally ; and we trust for the honour of Windsor, that these simple, earnest-minded women will meet with both respect and protection from all classes of Windsor society, so long as thoy stay here and show by their actions that they are as sin cere and earnest as they appear to us now. WHEN the brain is wearied, the nerves un strung, thc muscles weak, use Hip Bittors. Read. Mn. J. F. HARGRAVES ex-judge of the Supreme Conn, is dead. Mr. Hargraves was formerly Attorney-General for Sir Charles Cowper and Sir John Itobortson, and one of tho best judges New South Wales ever had. EARL Roscberry's cousin. Mr. W. H. Primrose (not Thomas), will succeed Mr. Horace Seymour as second private secretary to Mr. Gladstone. IT is finally settled tint the eldest son of the Prince of Wales shall be called Albert Victor. He has always been called " Eddie" in the lamily circle, and it is difficult lo see why he should not, if he lives so long, suc ceed bis father as Edward VIII. ONE BOX OF CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS is warranted to cure all discharges from the Drinary Organs, in cither sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains in the Back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes, 4 s Ci each, by nil Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors ; Sole Pro prietors, THE LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUSTIES DRUG Co., Lincoln, England. Wholesale- of all the Wholesale Hoascs. 