NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. The Hon. Jas. White has woo £9071 in stakes duriDg the past season. Station property is a drug in the market just at present, sales being difficult to make, Mr. Robt. Hudson has stated that the firm of Hudson Bros, pay ^3000 a week iu wages. ^ Mr. Wright states that about 18 months will be required to complete the Prospect water ecbeme. The land revenue for 1886 will reach (according to Mr. Farnell), if not exceed i2,000,000. Charles Coulton was sentenced to six months' imprisonment for attempted suicide at Newcastle. The observations in New Zealand ot the solar eclipse were greatly marred by the cloudy sky. A Sydney watchmaker has invented a mechanical contrivance for the winding of a clock or a series of clocks. . The match between O'Brien and Malone, for the half-mile championship and .£200, is fixed to be run on October 24. Mr. M'EIhone has announced that he does not intend to offer himself for re-election at the next general election. Mr. John Davies, C.M.G., and Dr. Tarrant have already announced themselves as candidates for the Kiama electorate. Sir John Coode, the eminent English engineer, has undertaken to visit and report upon the harbors of the colony. The Govercment are unable to state definitely when the Orange to MoloDg railway will be opened for public traffic. Mr. Kean's starling at the Hawkesbury races compared favorably with the starting seen at any race gathering in the colony. The question of the extirpation of phylloxera from the vineyards of Camden is now engaging the attention of the Government. It is predicted that Sir Alexander Stuart 'will have a hard fight to become member for Iilawarra in the next Parliament. The question of legalising mineral conditional purchases made ou gold fields is engaging the attention of the Government. Dumpcars to the number of 183 haye been in use since they have been taken over, and the coBt of running repairs has been £626. Mr. Hugh Taylor, M.P., complains of the totally inadequate supply of female domestic servants under the immigration regulations. Judge Backhouse was presented with a pair of white kid gloves at Coon amble last week, there being no cases at the Quarter Sessions. The Premier promises that an effort will be made this session to remove disabilities inadvertently placed upon the temporary draughtsmen. Flans have been prepared for the proposed loop-line to Liverpool, but the Government have not definitely decided to construct the line. The Government are considering the desirableness of making the penalties under the Fisheries Act more stringent than they are at present. The draftsmen in the .Lands Office threaten to strike. Mr. Farnell wants them to work overtime, and they want to know how they are to be paid. It is likely a Sheffield Handicap will be worked up at Gulgong for November 9. Mr. John Hewitt has the matter in hand, and will bring it off. The Government are considering the pro- • posal to place a sum of money on the Estimates for the increases on merit due to the temporary The number of aborigines in the colonyv according to the last returns, is—Full- blood, 5689; half-caste, 2402. The decrease on the previous year is 525. The central committee ot the Local Optk_ League supported Mr. Henson fcr Canterbury. Mr. Yarney Parkes will receive their support for Central Cumberland. The Southern Argus (Gouiburn) has it on the best authority that Mr. S. Meyer, of the firm of Messrs. Meyer and Son, has determined upon contesting Argyle. A Philatelic Society haB been formed in Sydney. For the benefit of the uninitiated it may^ be explained that the member* have a mania for stamp collecting. Mr. Farnell stated last week that 934,523 acres had been taken up for conditional lease under the new Act, and 781,559 acres conditional purchases had been sold. A man Darned Tireman, employed by Mr. Rimmery, Cumambia Creek, Queensland, was killed on the 10th inst. by a tree falling upon him while he was felling scrub. According to Mr. M'EIhone, Sir Henry Parkes in power ia a vain autocrat, believing that even the globe cannot revolve without bis having a hand in steering it. At Gosford, a child, 18 months, seized a teapot which was Btanding on the hearth, filled with boiling tea, and drank sufficient to scald himself in a fatal manner. The Anglo- Australians in "London, more especially Sir Samuel Wilson, Mr. Henniker Heaton and Mr. Howard Spensely, are known there as " the bounding kangaroos." The first publication of the Sydney edition of the London Chemist and Druggut ia to be made early in January. A special literary staff ia being sent out from England. Final arrangements are being made by the Boman Catholic bishops of Australasia for the | great synod, which is to be opened on November 15 in Sydney by Cardinal Moian. The young man Leadbeater, who had one of his legs broken in the accident on the railway near Gundagai by which another man named Burns was killed, died on the 17th inst. A waif named Elizabeth Kennedy, 10 years old, brought before the Central Police Court, Sydney, for protection, said, when asked her religion, that she was " a jreeetbinker.'* Mr. Melville, M.P., admits that he received £25 from a Mr. BOBS for acting as agent to get a concession from the Government, but denies that there was any corruption in the act. The labor Bhip Ariel arrived at Brisbane on Saturday night, bringing 96 recruits, all well. She reports that at Aneiteum the natives fired Cronstadt's stores, to the value of £350. Mr. Fremlin told Mr. Wisdom last week that although nature had given him a magnificent physique, " you could put his heart in a nutshell and his soul in his watchpocket." Mr. Geo. R. Johnson, of Melbourne, has been awarded the first prize for his design, marked " Premier," for Mr. John Solomon'c new theatre, Pitt and Park streets, Sydney. The Maitland Mail understands that Mr, Walter Edmunds, barrister-at-law, intends to offer himself as a candidate for West Maitland at the forthcoming Parliamentary elections. The Cudgegong councillors have taken ssession of their spacious new chambers. They have passed outstanding accounts mounting iu the agregate to nearly £1000. At the bazaar in aid of St. Andrew's Church, Summer-hill, Sydney, which was opened last week, " all lotteries and snares of that kind," the incumbent explained, were eschewed. The Police Superannuation Fund at the end of last year amounted to £37,178. The Auditor-General saye the combined superannuation and reward fund is barely solvent. The Masonic Grand Lodge of New South Wales has, according to a statement from Dr. Tarrant, been recognised by nearly 40, or more than one-half the grand lodgeB in the world. It was decided at a meeting last week to lorm an Australian Natives' Association in Sydney. It is to be affiliated to the Victorian association, but under a distinct constitution. Tho Gundagai Timet is assured by a gentleman residing in the Tumut district that there no doubt Mr. James Hoskins, Sydney, will contest the Tumut district at the forthcoming election. The action for £2000 damages, for injuries sustained in a collision, brought by John Henson against the owners of the Balmain steamer Nellie, resulted in a compromise, plaintiff getting £100. A married woman named Ryan obtained a verdict of £500 in the Supreme Court, Sydney, from the Government, as compensation for injuries sustained when alighting from a tram while in motion. Dr. Alexander MacCormack, Demonstrator of Anatomy in the Sydney University, has been awarded a gold medal by the Edinburgh University for the excellence of MB thesis for the degree of M.D. Lieutenant-Colonel Goodlet has been elected president of the Free-trade Association; Messrs. George Pile, H. Hudson, B. B. Wise, and F. J. Thomas, vice-presidents ; and Mr. George Pile, treasurer. Mr. Famell declared last week that Mr. Heydon had been in the habit lately of making a wholesale condemnation of the Land Act, but he had oddly enough not pointed out a single defect in the Act. Mr. Garrett convulsed the House recently by the remark that while Parkes kept in power some years ago by raising the Kiama ghost, this Government was keeping in power by raising Parkes's ghost. The Banking Record gives some valuable information about the 18 British fire insurance companies doing business in the Australasian colonies. The total premium income of these offices amounts to £10,422,725. It is estimated that the returns from the Wagga hospital ball-and supplementary dance will give that institution some £200. This with the Government subsidy will make an addition of about £400 to the funds. The Attorney-General has declined to file a bill against Captain Munro, who was committed for trial for manslaughter in connexion with the collision of the steamer Wentworth and the barque Lizzie Frost. Mr. Abigail is anxious to have the Party Processions Act amended by removing present disabilities from persons assembling in buildings for religious or political purposes. He intends to bring in a bill for thiB purpose. Lord Carrington'e departure for New Sonth Wales, which it was concluded from the " larewell" dinners just given to him would be immediate, will (the Some Nevis reports) not take place till about the third week of October. At the adjourned inquest on the body of Edwin Catlin, supposed to have been poisoned, the Government analyst deposed that he was unable to trace any poison, and the jury found that death had resulted from natural causes. Sir John Robertson told a number of the members of the Australian Natives' Association who waited upon him on Saturday, that he did not agree-with the objects they had in view, which in his opinion would have a bad effect. In Sydney, next month, will be published a new evening paper, to be called The GUbe, which, according to the prospectus, is to be " fearless" and " outspoken." Should this be realised, a surprise awaits a great many from Sydney. The P. and O. Company's latest steamer, the Coromandel, which closely resembles the Chusan and Tasmania, went for a trial trip on the Clyde on August 1, and attained a speed of about 15£ knots, the guaranteed speed being 14£ knots. A select committee of the New Zealand House of Representatives has reported tbat the public credit might with advantage be applied towardB enabling settlers, on the security of land, to acquire advances at a low rate of interest. Mr. M'EIhone stated in the Assembly last week that Dr. Creed had the honor of being an M.P. for one Parliament, and the only thing he did was to propose that the Government should have a weekly cable from England reporting the price of butter. A number of valuable specimens have been received by the shareholders in the Opbir Bluff Goldmining Company. The Btone was obtained in a shaft 45ft. from the surface, and underneath a spot where, some years ago, a rich deposit was found near the surface. Sir Alex. Stuart gracefully admits that confusion exists in the Public Works Department. He said, in reply to a deputation on Friday, " tbat to appoint a Board of Works to superintend the public works of the colony would render confusion worse confounded." An extraordinary anomaly exists just now in connection with the cost of telegrams between the colonies. The cost of the usual ten-words wire between thiB colony and that of Victoria is Is., and the same wire to the colony of Queensland would be 2s. A reward of £350, given by Mr. Moses Cohen, the Bombala Farmers' Flour Mill Company, the Victoria Insurance Company, and the Government, is offered for information as to the person or persons who set fire to the company's mill on the I6th of last month. The Newcastle Dispatch says :—" There seems to be one general topic for discussion— the general election. Northumberland will probably send two fresh men to the Assembly tice Messrs. Melville and LuBcombe, one oi the candidates being Mr. P. B. Hodgkinson." ' Sir Henry Parkes delivered an eloquent lecture on Friday on standing armies, advocating the establishment of a Military College. He scathingly criticised the action ot the present Government, adding that he intended to waken the country during the next month ot two. Some important resolutions about the rabbit p«st have been adopted by the board of sheep directors for the Sydney district. A conference of delegates from all the sheep boards of the colony iB to be held in Sydney on October 1, to consider the best meanB of dealing with the pest. , Mr. L. F. Heydon, member for Yass Plains, has (says the Gouiburn Herald) written to the local papers to assure his friends in the electorate that he has no intention of deserting them for any other constituency. So long, he skys, as Yass Plains desires his services she may command them. , It will be remembered that some months BL_ Charles Messenger issued a challenge to C. J. Perkins, of London, to row him. Perkins has accepted the challenge, provided he is allowed £25 for expenses. This amount is so unusually moderate that visit from Perkins may be looked upon as a certainty. The Government offer a reward ot £100 for information in connection with the shocking murder of the woman Began at Forbes. The police have arrested a woman named Ellen King for the murder. Thomas King, the husband of the accused, has also been placed under arrest as an accessory to the crime. The Floraston Leasehold Goldmining Company, of Jones's Creek, Gundagai, commenced operations last week, under the management of Mr. Fred. Cross, a Victorian gentleman, of great practical experience ; and as soon as the present shaft is cut down and timbered, sinking will be resumed preparatory to erecting machinery. The following additional regulation has been approved of by the Governor : —" 183. The forms to be used by the public for the transaction of all matters required to be done by the Crown Lands Act of 1884 and the Regulations, shall be those published by authority and at Government Printing Office. None other will be recognised or accepted." Mrs. A. E. M'Donald, the lady traveller, whose arrival in Sydney was announced by us a few weeks back, has not gone to New Guinea as she intended, but has Btarted a newspaper at Sunny Corner instead. The Silver Press, which is to watch over and guard the interests of the great mining centre in which it is pubushed, U a capital production, and ought to find a large circle of readers. An inquest was held in Wagga concerning the death of an elderly woman named Sheridan, who expired suddenly on the previous day. The deceased, who was about 60 years of age, complained of pains in her heart. A poll mortem examination by Dr. Wren disclosed the fact that her lungs, liver, and heart were in an unhealthy state. A verdict of death from natural causes was returned. The various temperance societies of Wagga have united for the purpose of organising a grand demonstration, which it is anticipated will take place in about six weeks' time. The affair is to conBist of a torchlight procession, followed by a public meeting in the Free- Hall. Gentlemen noted for their eloquence and earnestness in the cause of total abstinence have been invited to visit Wagga Mr. Garrett was very happy in a recent debate in his retorts to Mr. Luecombe's Tro tectionist interruptions. In a few tclL,. sentences he sliotied low Mr. Luscombe and his friends wanted to cheapen the loaf bv nut! ting a tax on wheat and flour, and to make the poor mau's lot easier by taxing liis boots and clothes and the very implements with which he earned his livelihood. The survey of the Silverton railway line „ drawing to a close, and (according to the Silver Age of September 5) will. by this time be already finished. Mr. Bagot and hie party at that date were located at their last camp at tbe Boundary Dam. It is said that when this line is through, the surveyors employed upon it will move off to the Northern Territory where work is awaiting them on the transcontinental line. An inquest was held at Gouiburn on the body of Charles Strange, a livery stable keeper who died in the gaol hospital. The deceased bad been before the police court for attempted suicide, and remanded. Strange made a gash in his left arm with a razor. lie bled greatly before tbe wound was discovered, and was terribly weak. The jury returned a verdict of death from general debility, aggravated by the wound and functional disorder. The arrangements for the forthcoming military examinations are engaging the attention of the Brigade Office. An unusually large number of candidates will present themselves for examination this year. The examination will commence on the 30th instant. The Volunteer Artillery will be examined at Dawes Battery, tbe Torpedo Corps and Infantry at Victoria Barracks, and tbe Cavalry at the offices of the Sydney Lancers. At Queaubeyan Mr. E. W. O'Sullivan, dele- Kate from the Land and Industrial Alliance, lectured on " Ths Coming Struggle in New South Wales." He condemned tbe Land Act, opposed a property tax, and advocated taxation through the custom-house, " fair-trade," payment of members of Parliament, and free education. There was a good attendance, and the chair was occupied by Mr. J. J. Wright, mayor. The lecturer ivas well received, and was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. A Cbinaman named Ah Sin, a grocer, carrying on business on the Lane Cove-road, St. Leonards, had a forged bank-note on the A.J.S. Bank passed on him by a man who stated tbat he kept a boarding-house at the Lane Cove. In uttering the forgery he gave an order for £4 worth of groceries, and obtained the balance, £6, in sovereigns. The note is thought to be one of tbe same batch as those found on the man Roach, who had 49 in his possession when arrested for drunkenness at Gouiburn last week. Three fishermen, whilst hauling their net iar the Iron Cove Bridge, Balmain, were aBtonished to find that an extremely large specimen of the stingray had become entrapped in their seine. They beached it salely, and found tbat their captive measured 8ft. in length from the noBe to the end of the tail, and 5ft. in width, and the united efforts of two men were taxed to move the monster along the sand. In addition to a treacherous sting in the tail, the animal was armed with three rows of ugly-looking spines. A meeting of the council of the recently organised Australian Hereford Herd-book Society was held at the office of Messrs. Brunker and Wolfe, Sydney, under the presidency ot the Hon. G. H. Cox, last week. It was decided to accept an offer which had been received from Mr. Stuart Mason to act as compiler of the " Herd Book," and as secretary to the society. A draft code of rules was then taken into consideration. The code iB tc be submitted to a meeting of members of the society before being finally adopted. " One of our lucky miners," writes the Tent Hill correspondent of the TenUsrfeld Record, is adopting a very sensible course—that of jombining grazing and mining. I allude to L. Webb, the discoverer of the silver lode which bears his name. He has taken the M'Donald Lode ou tribute for a lengthened term, and bas commenced operations in a profitable way, and now he intends to select ground adjoining tbe reef, and go in for sheepbreeding, the country in the vicinity of the Glen being admirably suited for such purges." At the stud sheep sales held in Sydney recently, Messrs. James Gibb and Son, Berthong, bought from Messrs. Gibson and Sons, Tasmania, through Messrs. Mort and Co., a ram, Prince III., for £504, but before being dipped, or removed from quarantine, the animal took sick and died. The loss was reported to Messrs. Gibson and Sons through a gentleman at Young, and a letter has since been received by Mr. Gibb to the effect that a first-class ram would be given in lieu of the one that died, and that it would be shown at the next Sydney sales when in fall wool. The other morning, at St. Leonards, as a man named Patrick Keating was going down George-street, Blue's Point, he observed a peculiar- looking parcel made up in a carpenter's tool-basket in the front garden of a house occupied by Mr. Carl Leivinger. On examining it, he found it to contain a newly-born male infant. The matter was reported to the police, and the body removed to the Benevolent Asylum. The child was carefully wrapped up in flannel, and hid been placed in the garden with the greatest care. Dr. Clarke examined if, and stated that the child must have been born only a few boars. One of tbe latest on dits in London " society is (according to the London correspondent of the Auclcland Star) tin! young Earl Cairns /whose father's personalty was proved under no less than .£148,000 the other day) is payinR hi« addresees to the buxom offspring of a wealthy Australian millionaire at whose honse he is just now a frequent visitor. Paterfamilias says rumor, views the match with favor but the young lady, who bears the renutation ot being ambitious, is suspected of hankering after another peer, an older man, who has for some years past been one of the great prizes of the matrimonial market. A correspondent at Nyngan telegraphs as follows:—"A large portion of the country about here has been taken up as homestead leases. The applicants for the same are much displeased with the action of the Government in not gazetting the country applied for, and giving them .a right to go on the land. In mauyrases the squatters are overstocking the resumed portion ot their runs, so as to make it useless for auyoDe who takes it up. If the Government n-ould only instruct the land board, matters would soon be pushed forward. The Land Bill is better understood now, and is in high favor with the people of the West," TVith reference to Mr. Edwards's retirement from the position of registrar of the Lands Department, in order to take up the vacant appointment of chairman of the local land board at Forbes, we learn that the. vacancy thus caused io one of the most important and best-paid positions in the Department has been conferred on Mr. F. Wilson, who recently occupied the post ol chief-clerk, but who for some limi past has done duty as an inspector. Mr. Capper, we nuderstiuid, is to be the chief-clerk, aii'l the posiLion last held by Mr. Wilson has been assigned to Mr. H. Curry, than whom probibly there is no more painstaking and able officer in the Department. A correflpondent writing to the Herald upoD "The Fall of Wool, and how to meet it," sayB that the fact of the matter is, the colony has been suffering for years for want of technical teaching in agriculture, and until that want if supplied we cannot hope to maintain the position ot pre-eminence- which we have hitherto held, though rather '-through 1 the lack of competition than from . any' special individual qualification. His idea is that a Department ol Agriculture should be established by the Government, and that in connection with this department lecturers upon sheep and wool; Block-breeding and tillage, and upon veterinary Bcii'uce, should be appointed.' "The Municipal Council of Wentworth (aaj B the IVilcannia Timet) is advertising -for a person to undortake the combined offices ol council clerk and rate collector, at a salary oi £75 a year. Surely the decadence of Wenlworth has commenced, or must the offer of this munificent salary be traced to the Wentworth civic estimate of brains and education—something of an apotheosis of worth, intelligence, and honesty ? Thirty shillings a week for the services of of a capable, educated man ! Why, the sweeper of their putters would turn up hU noBe and Bhoulder his broom if such an offer Were made to him. Advance Wentworth— backwards." Some very gratifying information concerning the decrease of rabbits near Wentworth ha> been communicattd to us (Herald) by Mr. A. Brooke, of Tapio, who also gives a few very deplorable facts as to the continuation of the drought, and its probable effects in the country. " Rabbits," he says, " are now so scarce that almost half of those we kill are young ones. Last year at this time we were catching about 40,000 a month (this did not include littlo ones, as we did not then pay for them), and now we are only getting under 9000, and arc paying for everything, including young ones taken from inside the does. Had we been doing this last year we should hare got nearly 100,000 a month." A man named Roach (supposed to bo at. alias) was arrested last week in Qoulburn for drunkenness, anil on searching him at tin lockup, 49 forged ^10-notes on the Australia!. Jou.t Stuck Buik, with £25 in cash, were lound on the prisoner. The forged notes art photographic representations, and require considerable scrutiny to detect the imitation, •tiro lorded notes of the same kind havi already been passed on tradespeople. He wa.' atierwards charged with forgery and committed ior trial. Subsequently he pleaded guilty to three charges of uttering these notes, anil JU'.ljje M'Farlaud inflicted a sentence ol H .Years' penal servitude in each case. The prisoner had been twice convicted of forgery, aud the sentences were made concurrent. . Graham Bennett^ who since his notoriouiimplication in the Wantabadgery murder has teen confined in Goulburn gaol, is to be liberated on November 1. The information Ol Jjennetls release was given by Mr. Dalley to Mr. Alexander Campbell in the Legislatm Council lait week, as the result of a lengthy aui carelul examination into the circumsiiuces of the case on the part of the Government. It j8 not on ti,e supposition ol „' M ?5 ett « innocence that he is about to be set « liberty were that the case, the Attornevueiieral explained, he would be rcturned'to "is lamily at once—but because the Government had come to the conclusion that it was •jo', «s was thought at the time of the trial, jurongli the barrel of his revolver that th<wiiet passed into the brain or the unlbrluuauoonttable. „, The Timuru Herald says:—"Tie curious phenomenon known as a mirage was seen in great perfection from Timaru between 1 aud 2 ociocfc on Wednesday. Stretching out from me peninsula, an exceedingly clear and welldetoed image of a girder bridge was seeu- Riv. Su a mirage of that over the Rangitara luver. The representation was so exceedingly vivid that a stranger would have been positive that it was o real bridge and approaches on which he was gazing. The weather was close and warm at the time, and there was apparently a good deal of moisture in the air-conditions favorable to the production of the phenomenon. For distinctness the mirage would almost rival the famous case which occurred in 1798, when although 50 miles distant from Hastings, became visible at the latter place, and remained so about three hours." The Governor-in-Council has, under section 6 of the State Children's Belief Act of 1661, made the following regulation providing for the placing of State children in cottage homes established by public or private charity :— " Children may be placcd in cottage homes established by public or private charity, subject to the consent and under the responsible control of the proprietors of such homes, provided that the hoiues shall be open to the inspection of the board or their officers at anytime, and that the children may be forthwith removed if such a proceeding is considered necessary. The official known as the ' mother of the home' for the lime being shall be the licensed guardian of the cbildreD, lor whose regular attendance at school, church, and Sunday-school (wJlen practicable),and religious and moral training generally,she* shi'Illie responsible, as in the case of ordinary fosterparents ; and such mother shall further be liable to all penalties that mav bs imposed under Act 44 Vic., No. 24, and the regulations made in accordance therewith, upon fosterparents who neglect or ill-treat their foster children, or otherwise fail to carry out the terms of their agreement as-guardians under the boaid." 