A RAILWAY GHOST. As there ghost in this story, according to all established rales it ought to commenoe with "once upon a time," but as I am somewhat of an iconoclast, not even such a venerable figure of speech can escape annihilation at my hands. Int me be exact in chronology at least. I had been hastily summoned from Cornwall to the bedside of a wealthy old uncle from whom I had expectations, and as the telegram informed me that he could not survive his present attack of gout, I thought it might be as well for me to be "in at the death," and so one foggy day ia November, 1860, found me travelling to Ashbourne, a little, out-of-theway plaoe, where the oil gentleman lived. Tnere* were bet few passengers on the train, and I had the comfort of a carriage all to myself. Wo stopped to coal at some little waystation, when a'passenger was hurriedly ushered, or rather banged, into my compartment by the oonductor. The stranger was a tall, thin, middle-aged man, with a face lean and withered like a shrivelled apple. In a dress tight-fitting and of an ancient and faded black, he looked like a man who had run very much to seed, which perhaps accounted for the luxuriant growth of his arms and legs. Observing hia clothes steaming with the damp air, I began to realize that it had suddenly become very cold. "Qaite a change in the weather," I remarked. " Very cold to-night, is it not ?" " Don't feel the cold myself. Perhaps you would like to change places with me; there is no draft here." I replied that I should be glad to do so if it did not inconvenience him, and accordingly we changed seats. It was cold, and no mistake. I must have taken a chill, for I felt the cold creeping over me in a most unaccountable manner. Looking at my companion on the opposite seat, on whom the lamplight now shone full, I saw that his face was not so thin nor his features so withered as I at first supposed; and I must have made a mistake as to his age, for he was by no means as old as I had previously judged. How cold it was, to be >ure 1 As I looked at him, I noticed that his aspect changed momently—that he was growing younger; that the wrinkles in his face were filling out and smoothing down, and that he was gradually becoming like some one I had seen before. As his cheeks grew round and ruddy, and his hair changed from gray to brown before my very eyes, I became nervous, and endeavoured to cry out, but could not. I was paralyzed with the cold—cold that eeemed to make my limbs rigid and benumb my vitals, for I saw that the man sitting before me was no longer a stranger—no mere friend or acquaintance-^-he had become me! I held up my hands to try to shut out the+ sight, and, as I did so, so that they were withered, and thin, and old. I pressed them to my brow, to see if I were dreaming, and I found it shrivelled, and seamed, and puckered. And then I knew that this man—this fiendhad stolen my body, and given me his. Maddened with the disoovery, I rose to my feet—hia feet—which tottered beneath me, and I struck wildly at the vision of myself on the other seat. But I found my arms light aa vapor, for they passed over his body, which went through them, giving me the impression of pain. It was a body of shade that had been given me for my own body of flesh and blood, which this wretch has stolen* By some sorcery or another, we Jiad indeed changed places. " Sorcerer—demon t" I cried out, only to hear myself speaking *yith his sharp, cracked voice. When I saw myself sitting opposite to me, coolly addressing me in my own voice, I could no longer credit my senses—if, indeed, I had any of them at all left of my own. "Dare eay you think you are speaking loud now," he said. I answered by shouting for the conductor as loudly as I could. "Ah, you might call a good deal louder than that. Why, if the carriage were full of passengers they could no more hear you than they oould Bee you," he continued, chuckling, and screwing my features up into a hideously knowing grin, such as I could never have made them assume. " You see, my friend, yours is a body of air, of Ehadow, insensible, I impalpable to all but mypeif. just as it wat> to a'l but you when I entered the carriage. You wish, pnhaps, to know who I am. Well, two years ago to night I was a passenger by this train. There was a collision with a stupid freight- train, you see, and the result was that several passengers were injured. One of them was—well, it's no use mincing matters— killed on the. spot. Qiite BO. It was I. Ye?, I am what y®u would call a ghost, although we d9 not consider that just the correct term among ourselves—we hav3 better word for it. Njw I have told you what I am, you will, doubtless, like to know what I want. Vay good; you ehall see." The ghost in my body then began to feel in my pockets, from which be drew out my meerschaum, which he filled from my pouch and lit with one of my matches. M Ah," he proceeded, puffing like a steamengine, " you smoke very good stuff—natural leaf an Old Judge; not a bad mixture, though I prefer a little Cavendish with it myself. Not at all a bad body of yours, either," he went on, eyeing the form in which he was sitting; " net at all & bad body; and it fits me to aT, only a little short in the arms. By the way, I find one of your front teeth a little loose, so don't go and say I did that, when you come to yourself again; and your nose is a little long for me, but I dare say it blows none the worse for that." I shuddered as I saw him take out my pocket-handkerchief and use it on that cherished organ of mine. "Ye?, I dare say now you feel the cold a little; I did at first, but it's nothing when you are used to it. I find your body very warm —being heavier than I am accustomed to wear; but it won't be for long. I require it ' positively for this night only,' as you say in your play-bills; and will return it uninjured by the time we get to Ashbourne. By the bye, let me beg of you to be a little careful how you throw your arms about so muoh as you did just now, for my body is of a more delicate construction than yours; and being so thin in substance, I am afraid you will chafe it under the arm-pits. You will observe, ladies aud gentlemen'" he went on, in lecturer's style, " that if I take a lighted match and insert it in the corner of the patient's eye, he will feel no pain." Saying this, my dreadful companion proceeded to illustrate his remark by making a dive at my shadowy eye with a burning match. I certainly felt no pain as the match burned in my head. "You will allow, after all you see, that my Bhape has its advantages," the ghost proceeded ; " but it also has its disadvantages. Try the pipe now." I tried to take the pipe —it dropped through my vapory fiogera. He placed it in my mouth; I coald not hold it, nor get a whiff from it. " Precisely BO," said the ghost. "Now, this is juet what ha« brought me here to-night. A great smoker all my life, doing my twelve pipes a day regularly, 1 have been defunct these two years, and duriog all that time I haven't had a smoke I Not a blessed draw. I miss my 'bacca dreadful. There is a provision made lor smokers down with us, you will understand ; but we are governed by a Board of Directors whose general incapacity equals that of many of your city boardB. There is a stock of bodies kept for smokers, so that if you want to enjoy a pipe you must go into one cf the bodies to get it. But if you will believe me, the supply is so notoriously insufficient to meet the demand that there is no chanoe whatever fcr a new ghost to get a smoke. When I entered the society all the bodies were out in use, and booked for three years in advance. My name has been down on the books for two years, and there is no chance of my getting a body allotted to me for a twelvemonth. Fancy two years without a smoke! Why, sir, the incompetence of our Board is something awful. I can only explain the reason why we put up with suoh gross mismanagement in the other world is because we have become eo used to ii in this. Our constitutions, however, sre being undermined to that extent that the Board has at length been coerced by popular feeling into passing a measure, empowering ghosts to render themselves visible to a single individual at a time, in order that they ma; effect a change of bodies for short periods, always with the consent of the person in question, for the purpose of indulging in a habit which the direotors say they 1 cannot, however, but characterize as pernicious and injurious.' Gjorge III. and George Washington, both members of the Board, opposed the measure; they, however, were left in a ridiculously small minority. Under this new act, I obtained your body." " You never had my consent, friend 1" I cried. "It is vulgar to call names,my friend," the ghost replied, smoothing my moustache with my fingers; "but you are trifling. I asked you to change places with me, and you agreed, a« you must be well aware. Bat, dear me! here we are at Ashbourne; but, however, I must finish my pipe—think of two years, and not a blesBed draw, my friend 1" 