Odd Notes, By a " Bohemian." Tim appointment of Mr. Mem to the poai; of a Judge of tho Supremo Court left a Mi ilia try without a Minister for Public In struction. This is a much coveted posit®,' The place was only made last year, aid thai is scarcely a hunger.r and thirster for office en the Ministerial ado of the Howo-and thai,';, u good bunch of tbcm 1hero—-whbia not full? persuaded that ho was made to tiiine'u Ifiifo. tor for Public Instruction, and distinguish^', self above all his follows in that .capacity Ono or two of them have misgivings aj to whether thoy couia gain great glory a„j rouowji as Minister for Lands, Hj,. iater for Works, or oven .Colonial Trej. surer, but not one of them but would resent with indignation and scom the gentlest hint that they were scarcely ''good enough" for tho position of Minister for Education. It is quite a common thing among , those ardent otlico seekers to hear the Queen's Kagliih murdered in tho raoBt reckless and cold-blooded manner while claiming and insisting njon their right to the prize. Griffith and, probably, his colleagues, toko quite a different view of the qualifications of this noble bunch of patriots to administer tho Education Department in a manner that would redound to the credit of tbe colony, or tho Ministry, nnd more especially of thoao among them who treat Englii grammar with lofty scorn, andknow.nothingof public instruction, except what they have been told. FeelinginthiBwayhenudhiscoUeaguesin tho Cabinet decided to appoint the Hon. B. B. Moreton Minister for Public Instruction, and leave the Postmaster-General's portfolio to b< scrambled for. Anybody can perform the duties of Postmaster- General,' as it consists exclusively in drawing tho thousand pounds a year salary, and attending Cabinet and Exe cutive Council meetings, at which they need not utter a sentiment unless they feel inclined to. John M'Donncll and his subordinates do all the work at tlie'post office, andhave done so ever sinco Charles Hardlo Buzaoott left it, to the great relief of all the-post office officials of the higher grades. Well, if therewas not a scramble among the "pay-try-hots" for this billet it's a pity. How it was managed at last I have not the slightest idea, as Ministers are, as dose as oysters, or Freemasons, about what goes on in Cabinet and Executive Council meetings; bnt, any way, the place was offered to Macdonald Patcrson, and ho accepted it, of course; and now Mr. Griffith must look out for squalls. The fierce denunciations of the disappointed ones aw terrible, and reasonable enough, when yon come to think it over calmly.. A thousand pounds a year arid nothing in the:World to do for it is a prizo not to bo had overy day by small retail shopkeepers and people of that daw And Ifacdonald-Faterson'a aoceptanoe of oflico, with a sent in the Upper House a« re presentative of the Government there, has also ctuweri a vacancy in the representation of Moreton which hi.a to be filled up'. The burn ing question among elcctionecrera in. that part of the colony during tho last few days is J Who shall it bo ? If any candidate would como forward und pledge himself to hare tbo lino from Brisbane to Gyropio " taken in thirteen or 1*01 rter.u different, ' directions if required, which would probably he the euf\>, ho would. 4'go i in flying," as my slangy frimd tenna it.: But unfortu nately n« bnly aceius gune to come forward on that tickot, ui.tl JTiles Is.not;tolbe doperriftl on, and might hfcomo insulting and abunreif such u thing was suggested to him as a dear* I able way of securing the electorate to the -Ministry—at uH events until tho railway was made. This be;ng the c:ise, it ii'pretty certain that my old particular friend, Hiram field, nldonnnn of Snndgato, and a well kno*n and universally respected citizen of Bristol Mnco the time of separation from Kew South Widen or thereabouts, will bo selected to snored MuedonaJd-Pahrson in Morelos. TherearetW) strong points in Alderman Wakefield's favour. IIo is not a ht 'xvvr who wants a seat in the w-rntdy chMly fir the purposoof luring en tw if any Supreme Gmrt Judgo, district Court •Iudgo, Crown Prosecutor, or other Bolvtf of a well paid legal appointment riiould pop off tho hooka more or leas suddenlyi oj from somo other cause roaign or get trick td 0B of his billot. Life is uncertain, androac*!e this kind a lawyer who in a member of the sonibly and u supporter of the Government w power«t thetime, sUndafttleWifftafflch^ to anybody oho'n five of getting the billet,' ^ thinks it good enough. Nor la Wake^e likely to join the noble band of office-sW^"* make life a burden to a Liberal Ministry. - If • my friond Hiram is oloctodpho may bo proity safely calculated upon as a good, sound, easy going, intelligent member of tho rank and file of tho party, who will not ' tako a leading part in tho debutes nor attempt to shino as an orator. The abovo two reasons, among others . which could bo urged, mako mo think Wakefield will bo returned for Moroton, al though ho will not plcdgo hiinsolf to tho thir teen proposed routes of tho Brisbaub. and Gyinpie Kailwny, nor to any half dozen of .: them which could be named. Hp sees what • poor Buckland has to suffer because howill not pledge himsolf to a triple railway route from Brisbano to Cleveland,: nnmely—ono.round by the river and tho shores of , tho bay, including up and down all tho points and headlands where most of tho land is absolutely worthless except to bo cut up and sold in fourteen or six teen perch allotments for marine villa sites to ; tho": labourers- and nrti3auB of ..Brisbane. Another lino is donvindofl a mile'or two back from tho river so as to intersect somo othor '! estates" that would be doar at a gift, except " thoy cau bo cut up in like manner; and a third route by Coorparoo, Belmont, .Broadwater, Mount Cotton, and Bodlnnd Bay, which would onnblo ono to reach Cleveland in about half tho tirno, andathalf the exponse, as by going round .tho river bank and tho shores of tho bay in the manner proposed. Because Buckland cannot ' sco" his way clear to get this three- pronged ■ railway to Cleveland constructed, ho ; is threatened with tho loss of his scat. If he oould get it constructed he would be certain to be unseated, because each set of landed pro prietors along tho different rentes would be indignant at not securing the sole monopoly of railway communication through their land. . Wakefield oannot keep too clear of railway, routes. The annual-licensing meeting for the metro politan district took phico at the beginning of the woek, and the chairman read a report which will, no doubt, make the board tho roughly hated by two-thirds of tho publioans and speculators in publio houses in Bris bane and the suburbs. If this board had to be elected every year by tho ratepayers, as somebody has Buggested) not one of them would stand a ghost of a show. They have no more, or very little more, sympathy aud consideration for tho enterpris ing publican than hayo the Blue Bibbonites or other sections of water-drinkers. Perhaps the cruellest thing, the unkindest cut of all, in the . report above referred to, is that with regard to , the npstairs bars, which have been openedin con nection with some of tho Queon street hotels, with aocessthereto two orthree doors away. There are , in Brisbano scores, I may say hundreds, of men who like to take their medicine very regularly through the day, I'and finish up with a big skinful at night, who Btill have a delicacy about walking into a pub lio-houso bar fronting Queen street. If these men could slip up some private looking ; stairway two or throe doors away from any hotel, find a nico snug bar at tho top of tbe stair, with a pretty and not too shy barmaid who is able to hold her own at Bmart reparteo .against allcomers, and who never makes amis take excopt in allowing a gentleman to pay twice for his liquor, they would willingly and cheerfnlly give sixponco for the same quantity of liquor they could obtain for threepence at the public bar of tho hotel. Enterprising hotclkeepers in Queen street, knowing this, mado arrangements for having the thing , dono, and it answers splendidly. Not counting tho evening, when tho young gentle men from ; banks; merchants' offices, and. . the like, turn out for a "spree" at those upstairs private bars, I suppose tho ^receipts in the day time are more than double those at tho public bars—so popular and well patronised are they. Well, would you beliovo '—the Liconsing Board his made a dead set at these nice snug privato bars. "What next ? Tho Municipal Council of Brisb.me have a : neat and winning way or getting valuable blocks of Government land for little or nothing per aero. If it can only be kept up for a fow years thoy ought to bo nblo to secure a splendid income therefrom, or, at all events enable some retiring alderman or his frionds to drop into n 41 good thing.'* 8orao river frontages have been obtained by establishing certain old claims, and proving they are still good. Thero may bo a lot moro river frontages obtained in much the same manner. In tho <ontro of the citv, or at all events back from tho river, tho dodge has been to get a site for a Brisbnno market. Three of the most vriuublo blocks of laud in tho city have already been obtained in this way, two o* them for nothiug at all, and tho third without competition at tho council's own prico, which was about tho samo number of pcnco aa tho jand Would now fetch pounds. I allude, of cohrso, to tho old si to opposito CarapboH'fl ■ whorf, which used to' be culled tbo innrkut etops, to tho reserve adjoining tho Grammar School, and tho mngmfioont block oMand at tbo ntersoction of Albert and Adolaido streets. There i$ no Brisbane market yofc, and no in tontion of making one, go far as I can gatlior but that is no reason why the corporation should not go on getting sites from tlio Gov ernment for a market both in North and South Brisbane. Somo magnificent blocks of land could he takon from Wickhoin terrace and Countess street reserves, tho old gaol sito, Albert Park and Victoria Park on tho north side, and tho reserves and bridge lands on tho south side. They could ho asked | for as sitos for a market, and could be devoted to other purposes all tho same as tho sites above referred to have been. But it is a mistake for tho corporation'to go fooling away a heap of money in building expensive market sheds unless they mean to use them as such. Bettor cut tho land up and sell it in building allotments. Tho building on the reserve ad joining the old Grammar School has cost a heap of money, to say nothing about the cost of bringing the railway into it, and now they talk of : letting it for a sawmill or something of tho kind. This is a foolish waste of money. Get tho land and let it sweat until it can be disposed of at a fancy price in small allotments. That is the idea.' 