BY GEORGE AUGUSTUS SALA. H.— ACEOSS THE PACIFIC. At 2 p.m. on Monday the Pacific Steam Navigation Company's good ship Australia steamed away from the wharf down the har bour to the Golden Gate, and I was busy un packing my belongings in the handsomely furnished and roomy deck cabin, dubbed the ' bridal chamber,' which the agent of the Company had politely placed at my disposal. If the bridal chamber had a drawback, it lay perhaps in the circumstance that the bridal bed was about three sizes too large for an in mate who was temporarily a bachelor. Thus, during the exceedingly rough weather which was my frequent fate to endure on our pas sage, I was fain to avoid being flung out of i&y; too spacious nuptial couch, by packing, jamming, and blocking myself up therein with bags and bundles, which, as we neared the tropics, proved somewhat embarrassing accessories to those bedclothes with which, on the tropics themselves, you would will ingly, in the intolerably sultry nights, have dispensed altogether. I am bound to con fess that the Golden City did not behave very well tojis after her citizens had bidden us so cordial a farewell at the Company's wharf. Indeed, she eent after us a most abominable sea fog, which first blurred and then wholly eclipsed the glories of a magnifi cent sunset; and when this detestable brumous mist cleared, away just before the gorgeous but all too brief sunset was suc ceeded by blackest night— night that de scends, as it were, as swiftly and vertically as the curtain at the playhouse, veiling the many-coloured splendours of one of Mr. William Beverley's transformation scenes— we had the mortification to see the Australia passed, and passed quickly too, by an impudent little steamer called theAla meda, which had left San Francisco at least an hour after our departure. I had had the advantage of an offer of a passage on board the Alaimeda, which was bound to the Sand wich Islands ; and hadlhad eight or ten hours' leisure in the capital of the realm of King Kalakaua I might, perhap3, have trans acted some profitable business there ; but I was pledged to the Australia and Captain Ghest, and you are bound, I think, under all circumstances to stick to your ship and your skipper. So, with magnanimous in difference, we suffered the saucy Alameda to pass us, consoling ourselves with the reflec tion that she was only bound for Honolulu and other roadsteads of the Ha waian group on business connected with the sugar trade mainly intent ; whereas our great ocean steamer was on her course right through Polynesia with the Eoyal British and United States mails, to say nothing of an assorted cargo, a locomotive engine, several tons of St. Jacobs oil, and Dr. Quack's Somebody's Pareelflian pills, a couple of Calif ornian lions, an AtifflinaTi -rAfltnr. gniwriil Tnicatnnaripa on route for l*iji, the JNew Hebrides, the Samoan Islands, and New Guinea, and an American lady doctor bent on practising the healing art in Melbourne. A fig, then, for the Alameda and her saccharine concernments ! The first week at sea, and that sea the Pacific. Well, for thefirst four days we rolled continually. No white-crested waves, how ever—no waves, indeed, at all— only one vast undulating surface of smooth blue sea — a sea of molten glass, so to speak, but iu which you rolled consumedly. If the good ship Australia would only have pitched a little, now and again, by way of a change ! I have the fortune, or misfortune, never to be sea sick, and a lively game of ocean pitchand toss will occasionally impiove your appetite but the Australia declined to pitch— just then, at least— she would not even get her screw out of the water and 'race ;' she only rolled for about eighteen hours out of every four- and-t wenty. Apart from the monotonous movements, there was plenty to see and plenty to do. There were your fellowpas sepgers to observe and to study to begin with. Let us hope that they derived as much amuse ment — I will not say instruction — from observing and studying me as I did from the observation and study of themselves. They were, with few exceptions, a very hearty, genial, kindly set of companions, and I especially have a pleasant remembrance of the ship's doctor— a very experienced mari time medico indeed, who tended me most kindly during a horrible spell of bronchitis and spasmodic asthma, provoked by the sea fog which had swooped down on us just after we left San Francisco. But the doctor's prescriptions, and the increasing warmth of the temperature as we neared the tropics, and, in particular, a couple of Alcock's porous plasters clapped on, one on the chest and another between the shoulder-blades, soon put me right again. The doctor was a New Yorker — a member of an old Knicker bocker family. He lent me American books to read, and had an inexhaustible store of American 'yarns' or comic stories to tell; iu fact, we had a notable body of good storytellers on board, among whom were conspicuous sundry ?? drummers,'-or representatives of American commercial firms, bound for Australasia, there to push their wares. I do not know whether I am a judge of genuine humour — possibly, I am nothing whatever of the kind ; but. I can conscientiously declare that I have heard more excruciatingly laughable stories from' American ' drummers' than I have read in any of the printed compilations of profes sional transatlantic humourists. Let me give two brief samples of bagmen's drollery. You know the American expression, 'You bet your pile on that'— meaning, make yourself quite certain as to such and such a matter. Well* the story is of a knot of jovial spirits who went out on a boating excursion, and during the cruise one of the merry party fell overboard and was drowned. The luckless wight was a married man, and the trouble was to decide how the mournful news of his untimely fate could be best imparted to his bereaved relict. One of the party, a sporting character, volunteered to make the sad communication in an unexceptionally delicate and con siderate way ; and, his offer being accepted, he hastened on landing to repair to the house of his deceased friend. It chanced that the street door was opened by the wife of the deceased herself. ' Well, widder,' said the delicate and considerate breaker of sorrowful tidings. 'I'm no widder,' indignantly quoth the poor lady, all unconscious of her irreparable loss. ' You bet,' continued the delicate and considerate friend. The other story relates to an American hotel in a city very far out indeed, and which for a long time had been very poorly patronised, One evening, to the great joy of the landlord and his clerk, a guest, in the shape of a dry-goods 'drummer,' arrived at this almost deserted ho&telry.; According to custom, the traveller on his arrival inscribed his name in the book which always lies open for that purpose on the counter of the ofiice. An apartment was assigned to him, when, turning to the clerk, he exclaimed to the clerk, ' Why, there are a couple of bed-bugs crawling about the pages of the book.' (' Bed-bugs,' the con vertible term for which is 'chintzes,' are the disagreeable insects known in modern polite English as 'Norfolk Howards,' or ' gentlemen in brown.') ' Yes,' replied the hotel clerk with much equanimity to his in terlocutor, ' I guess them bed-bugs are pros pecting around for the number of your room.' Possibly the story is many centuries older tnanjthe oldest of Joe Miller's, butl know that it made me laugh very heartily indeed, and the of tener and the longer that you laugh on a long ocean voyage the better, I venture to think, it will be for yourself and your fellow passengers. There was, to be sure, a slight drawback to our thorough enjoyment of sociability on board ship, inasmuch as the Australia was infested by a small but deter mined gang of what I may term fiend children —American children, I am sorry to say ; and I am sorrier to add that they were all the children of saloon passengers. There were several well enough conducted babies in the Bteerage, and a few tolerable toddlekins in the intermediate cabin ; but a more exas perating set of little desperadoes, male and female, than the first-class brats it would be difficult to imagine. I am passionately fond of what Leigh Hunt used to call ' the small infantry who go to bed by daylight,' and I know that I love, and fancy that I under stand, the pretty ways of ordinary children ; but when ''the Email infantry' assume the aspect of so many diminutive Ziptichs and i Baehi-B&Kraks; in miniature— when they de cline to go to bed by daylight or by lamplight either, until they are driven like sheep into their bunks — when from sunrise to sdpper time they never desist from impish tricks, the ' small infantry' become to you objects, not of tenderness and sympathy, but of terror and horror. The leader of the gang was an attenuated girl demon of about 9 or 10\. She and the sallow-faced little goblins whom she led made our lives miserable. They ran races in the saloon ; they made raids on the steward's pantry ; they blocked up the companion ; they worried the cooks in the galley ; they raised commotions ia the forecastle ; they sprawled about the hurricane deck, BtoppiDg up, with yells of exultation, the ventilators which should have givea a little air to the hapless passengers sweltering in the c^binB below; they perched outha taffrail, and were in continuous peril of tumbling overboard ; they hung on to the rigging, and made Gordian knots of carefully coilod ropes ; they burst into the smoking rocaa, and disturbed the quietude of tha five gentlemen who were constantly playing poker in that divan; they rai between the legs, and all but de stroyed the equilibrium, of the smok ing-room Bteward, who periodically brought ' drinks' to the five poker-players ; they over turned the deck chairs, and made holes in the awnings; they derided rebuking quarter masters, and would have spoken to the man at the wheel ; and all this they did, not in the exuberance of infantile animal spirits, but in a sheer spirit of wanton turbulence and ' ei:s8edness,' wholly unchecked by their mammas or other female relatives, who were either too seasick or too lazy to look after and control their demoniacal offspring. Our captain was shocked, but he had the naviga tion of his ship to attend to. The purser had never seen Buch children, he avowed— since the last run from 'Frisco to Sydney, I should say ; the doctor admitted that his Bmall com patriots were just a little worse than Aus tralian 'larrikin' children; the American lady doctor and her sister — both unmarried ladies— were scandalized at the ill-behaviour of this troop of small Piratea of the Pacific, and suggested ' spanking' all round as a cure for the evil ; but it was net until, late in the voyage, we had had one or two good 'northers' and a ''southerly buster'— that is to say, stiff gales with a heavy sea running — that sea-sickness came to our aid, aad for a while partially paralysed the activity of these imps of the ocean. The officers on board the Australia were, of course, all white men, and very fine fel lows. The first officer was a strong Conser vative, who had worked his passage out before the mast from Liverpool to 'Frisco, simply because he did not care about wasting the money which he had saved as a passenger from the Atlantic to the Pacific. His cabin was charmingly decorated, including among3fc its works of art a portrait of his Bister ; and I hope that when I next meet that plucky first officer he will be Captain Somebody, and will have abandoned the deleterious doc trines of Toryism. The purser was a canny Scot and an advanced Liberal, and kept some admirable whisky in his cabiu, whither I would oftentimes retreat to smoke the pipe of peace — for the Bmoking-room was rendered almost uninhabitable by the persistent poker playing of the five gentlemen from the States —and to escape from the fiend children. Finally, with the exception of a few leading seamen and engineers, the ciew were all Chinamen. Captain Ghest told me that they made very good sailors ; that they were laborious, handy, and willing, and quite amenable to discipline, their only foible being a slight propensity to opium-smoking when their watch was over. I make this allusion to our Chinese crew for the reason that since our arrival in Australia there has been a terrible outcry and a strong agitation among the Sydney trade unionists connected with shipping against the employment of coloured hands on board the ships of the Pacific Steam Navigation Company — the Australia, . the Zealandia, and the City of Sydney. The Seamen's Union, the firemen, the stokers, the cooks, the stewards, the lumpers of the capital of New South Wales were all literally up in arms against the shipping of Mongol hands on board the Zealandia on her return trip to 'Frisco; and although the vessel in question did ultimately contrive, in spite of the efforts of the Union men, to get away at the last moment, and by the skin of her teeth, so to speak, with a Ecratch crew of white and coloured hands, I suppose that the white Union men of Sydney will eventually get the best of the contro versy. Meanwhile, we on board the not yet trade-union vessel Australia had not only a Mongol crsw, but a Chinese cook, Taas, a Celestial clad in clean white duck jorkis, apron, and cap, who presided in the galley, and sent us every day three sufficiently succulent — albeit slightly so — substantial meals. All ocean-steamer cookery is, to my mind, too substantial, not to say gross, heavy, and insipid. This Celestial cook was to me a mystery, as all his compeers whom I have met with at the antipodes are more or lees mysteries. The chef of the Australia had never been in England, and I very much question whether he had ever read or had ever had translated into 'pigeon' English for his edification a Bingle line of Mrs, Rundell, or Miss Acton, or Mary Hoper. He did not attempt to give us any of the multifarious dishes of his native land — no shark-fin or bird's-nest soup, if you please; no dried ducks, no pickied sea slugs, no salmi of cat, no puppy- pie. He did not even dabble in American cookery, ot which he should have known something. No ; his cuisine was, with the occasional in terpolation of a not entirely objectionable curry, accompanied by 'Bombay duckB,' exclusively old- fashioned English— plentiful ponderous, and utterly unintelligent, flow came this yellow man to know anything about beefsteak and onions, about tripe and cowheel, about seapie and peasoup, about ham and eggs, and kidneys and bacon— the oldest of old dishes in the English culinary edifice ? But I have inadvertently done the yellow man one act of injustice. He had learnt at least one lesson from the kitchen of California. He could make buckwheat cakes for breakfast quite & VArnerkaine, albeit we were obliged to put up with clarified molasses in lieu of maple syrup to lubricate our cakes withal. A break in a long Bea voyage is always a joyful occurrence, and marks the almost inevitably monotonous calendar of your log with the whitest of white stories. To catch sight of a shark even, or of a 'school' of porpoises, is a kind of relief; while the descent of a Bhoal of flying fiah reminds you of Voltaire's bitter apothegm, iu which he likens unto fish that fly those men of letters who are &o; foolish as to seek to shine in ' society.' ' The fish that remain in the sea hate them for soaring so high ; and when they fall, exhausted, on the deck of the ship, the sailors knock them on the head.' The advent, too, of an albatross is a boon, since it enables you to rub up your memories of Coleridge's ' Ancient Mariner ; ' but land — even the dimmest, the most transient glimpse of blue— that is the oasis in the vast waste of the wide desert of Ultramarine, for which you must passionately yearn. Land came at last, on the morning of the seventh day after we left San Francisco. Land, first, in the guise of jutting headlands and promontories, then of low-lying, undulating chains of hills, glorious in purple and gold in the rays of the mcrniDg eun. We were among the islands of the Hawaian group, and shortly after 1 o'clock the good ship Australia was alongside the wharf in the harbour of Honolulu. Aloha ! It is a matter of etiquette to be continually crying ' Aloha 1' 'while you are at Honolulu. Not being skilled in the Hawaian tongue, I am unable to state what may be the exact signification of 'Aloha;' but I take it to be a convertible term for the American 'Bully for you,' for the French ' On dirait du veau,' for the Italian ' Viva la bella famiglia,' and for the English ' All serene.' Honolulu is serener than ever was the ' sarrissima' Eepublic of Venice, It is the loveliest spot that these eyes have yet gazed upon — lovelier than Sorrento, lovelier than Ventnor, lovelier than the view of the Thames from the terrace of the Star and Garter at Eichmond, lovelier than Jackson square, New. Orleans, by moonlight. Hono lulu is a terrestrial paradise, but with, alas ! a fell serpent lurking among its loveliness. Aloha! I had some business with His Majesty the CiDgof the Sandwich Islands, whom I h&cl; already had the honour to meet at dinner at Kelly's Lodge, Highgato, at the time when that intelligent monarch was making his^ - voyage round the world, and for whom I was' the bearer of some presents from the Baroneaa Burdett-Coutts. The saucy Alameda, ',which had only distanced us by a few hours, had reported the Commissioner of our arrival, and it was fin odd and far from unpleasant surprise, so soon as the Australia had come to her moorings, to find her boarded by a number of gentlemen in European drcss-r-as; European dress is understood iu the vicinity of the tropics— Tv-ho, after violently shaking hands, took me at once into abiding custody. I had never seen any one of them before, in all probability I shall never eoe any one of them again, but they were all exceedingly kind ; theyjall Ecemcd to bo thoroughly well acquainted with the object of my mission, and they certainly made my four and a half hours' stay in the Sandwich Islands a very happy oae. Four and a half hours ! 1 should have liked to stay a month, and I am Bure that I had at least half a dozen invitations to 'lie over till the next steamer touched, and have a high old time ;' but Captain Ghost was neces8arily inexorable. I was due at a certain date at Sydney, and it was imperative that I should be ' on time,' bo that it was impossible to entertain the fascinating con tingency of lying over and having a high old time. Aloha! So I was amicably jostled into a wagonette in the company— if I re* member aright — of an estimable Protestant clergyman, a couple of editors, a engar planter, and the Governor-General of the Hawaian Kingdom. Whither my friends In the wagonette intended to carry me I am Hure I do not know; but it was only after a number of piteous appeals on my part and meek entreaties that I Bhould bo able to liberate my soul from the burden of the pre sents from the Baroness to the King that I was temporarily released from custody, or, rather, handed over to another Bet of amicable alguazils, who shunted me, so to Bpeak, into a buggy drawn by two high-spirited horses', and driven by a full-bearded gentleman of unmistakably American extraction, in which vehicle I was conveyed to tho Royal Palace, an edifice of stone and .of architectural pre tensions at least equalling those of a echloss in an average German Grand Duchy. The Hawaian Palace stands in tastefully laid out grounds, rainbow-hued, with tropical plants and flowers, and surrounded by a high Btone wall. There waa an armed sentinel in a neat uniform on guard at the entrance -pate, and a few more soldiers were lounging about an underground apartment which appeared to be the guardroom of the palace ; and I subsequently learned that His Majesty maintains a considerable military establishment, which makes au impressive appearance in tho Hawaian army liBt. The King, of course, is generalissimo ; and His Excellency the Hen. J. O. DominiB, Governor of Oahu, and member of theHouae of Nobles, is Commander- in-Chief. Then there ia the King's household guard, with a captain and three lieutenants, and a military instructor with the rank of major. All these gallant warriora bear European names. One 'Hon. C. Uluteou' seems to be a native. There is the Prince's Own Artillery Corps, and the Leleioku Cavalry Corps, and the Mamalahoa Infantry, the King's Own Volunteer Guards, and the Honolulu Eifles, and in particular there ia the Royal Hawaian Band, organized by a very talented military bandmaster, a Piusaian named Borger, who, when he arrived at the Sandwich Islands in 1872, found about twelve young natives who had acquired eome degree of proficiency in blowing wind instruments. The intrepid Kerrtook these young Polynesians in hand, and made finished instrumentalists of them, after the manner of the Prussian army. Bandmaster Borger has also composed for the use of his chocolate-skinned pupils the Kamehameha hymn, which has become the national anthem under the title of 'Howaii Penoi.' The band, numbering twenty eight musicians, now give a grand concert once a week in Queen Emma Equare, and once or twice a month in front of the Hawaian Hotel. The Kin); has a serenade once a week at the palace, and on the departure of steamers or the arrival of foreign war-vesBela HerrBorger'B martial minBtrels usually play a welcome of sweet sounds. Noted guests are also fre quently treated to complimentary serenades. Aloha! His Majesty does not habitually reside at the Eoyal Palace. He usually inhabits a commodious wooden bungalow iu the palace grounds, and to this building I was con ducted by a brown and courteous Polynesian, who, to judge from his attire, might have been an assistant gardener, an under-butler, or. a policeman off duty— I mean & policeman in the State of Louisiana, who of all con stables with whom I have made acquaintance in different parts of the world is the freest and easiest in his garb. The Aidede camp in waiting was not, I was informed, ' on hand ;' but I sent in my card, and a minute or tv/o afterwards the messenger returned with a gracioaB command from Hia MajeBty that I should attend him. Tho ground floor of the interior of the bungalow was very dark, but under tho guidance of the brown and civil Hawaian I contrived to grope my way up a steep and tortuous Btaircaae, and passing through an antechamber I was ushered into the presence of His Majesty,. David Laamea Kalakaua, King of Howai. The son of tho High Chief, K&hana; Ka paakea, and of the High Chieftess, Analea Keohokaloe, great granddaughter of Kea wiaheula, a famous warrior and councillor of Kamehameha L, was sitting at a bureau in a large dimly lighted apartment, tho floor of which was laid with matting. The apart ment, so far as my imperfect vision could dkcern, was simply but elegantly furnished, and behind the royal armchair wao a tall bookcase full of well-bound volumss. His Majesty rose when I entered, gave mo his hand, bade me bs seated, and treated me during a prolonged interview with. the greatest kindnes©, expressing, among other thiucs, a hopo that I was going to stop a month in tho Hawaian Islands, under which circumstances I should have an opportunity of visiting the largest volcano in the world.. Woe is me, I had barely three more houra more to stay in beauteous Honolulu herself. The king is a gentleman of considerable inches, Btalwart and well built, very dark, but with a very intelliKent expression of countenance. He talked fluently and with case in really excellent English, and there is nothing astonishing in his doing so, Biaco ho haB re ceived a capital education, literary, legal, and military. His instructors iu the first two branches were Americans of high culture ; while his military training, begun at tho age of 14, was superintended by an old Prussian officer, Captain Funk. The king is a Free mason, and was inducted to tho thiriy-third degree by General Pike, of Virginia, in 1874\. He is also a member of the Bar. Prior to his election to tho .Sovereignty of the Sandwich Islands, the younj? Prince filled divers posts in the Honolulu Civil Servioe, * and at the time when he was chosen King by an overwhelming majority of tho nobles and the representatives of the Hawaian people he was a clerk in the Land Office. King Kalakaua is about 40 years of age. With his photographic portrait iu full uniform, and with a portentous pair of bullion epaulettes on his shoulders, and with the decorations of all his Pvoyal orderB glittering on Mb manly breast, Europeans must be tolerably familiar ; but he was attired in much simpler fashion on the morning when I had tho honour to be admitted to his presence. He was dressed in a thin suit of alpaca, and wore no ribbon nor atar. Not that his realm is destitute of orders of chivalry. He is Sovereign of the Eoyal Ordersof Kamehameha, of Kalakaua, ofjKapio lana, of the Crown of Hawai Aloha. A diplo- ' matic corpa is likewise accredited to tke'jCouit of Honolulu. The United States of America have a Minister resident ; Great Britain has a Commissioner and Consul-General ; France, Italy, and the other European Powers have also their respective Consuls and Charges d'Affaires Peru, Mexico, and Japan are also adequately repre sented at this tiny far-away Polynesian Court. Not without design have I given the United States Minister resident priority among ths members of the diplomatic body. One can scarcely be half an hour in Honolulu, keeping one's eyes and ears tolerably wide open, without arriving at a full knowledge of the fact that the Hawaian kingdom ia oom mercially and socially 'bowed' by the United States of America, and by the State of California in particular. An enterprising merchant, of German ex traction, domiciled ia San Francisco, com pletely controls the important sugar produc tion of the Sandwich Islands ; the highest Officta of State are filled by Americans, wao in tome instances have formed matrimonial connections with princely Hawaian families ; and an American banking firm at Honolulu have a gieat deal 'to say in all matters of Hawaian finance. The flawaian coinage — and a very handsome coinage it ia — was struck at the San Francisco mint; Honolulu ia full of American clergymen, journalists, school teachers, lawyers, and storekeepers ; and although British mercantile interests are tolerably well represented here I cannot help fancying that in the Sandwich Islands it is the U.S.A. that rule the roast. KingKalakana, af tersignifying his grasious acceptance of the gifts which I had brought Him, and making many kind enquiries touch ing the health of the Bareness, of Mr. Burdett Coutts, and of bia many friends in Europe, dismissed me with fair words, and I went on my way (rejoicing, to fall speedily into the hands of my friends in the wagonette, who straightway took me into custody again, and , proceeded to drive me out of my mind, figuratively speaking, at the fastest pace at which the two spirited horses could go at a tearing gallop along magnificent roads. 1 should have dearly longed to have had a quiet saunter— as observant prowl r— through* the leafy lanes which form the streets of Honolulu ; but my genially imperioua friends of the wagonette would not hear of anything of that kind. I must ride* I muat be driven by the tall, full bearded jehu of transatlantic aspect. The consequence was that I saw Honolulu not as in a glass darkly, but under what I may term kaleidoscopic circumstances. It was a splendid day, and the sun was shining gloriously, although far away in a valley we could see the purple clouds pour ing down, huge sheets of rain. On the right there was a blue sea — balm to day, majestic, imperturbable — but in the foreground on either side it was one almost maddening succession of kaleidoscopic pano ramas. , Now whole groves of .the cocoanut palm; now lofty thickets blazing with the almost indescribably superb scarlet Bougain villeaa; then groves of cacti and prickly pear; then hedges bursting forth in brilliant flowers; then trim market gardens, delight ful in their greenery, laid out by Chinese gardeners. Then came a vision of China, the Flowery Land itself, a dream of the dear old willow pattern plate— no longer uniform blue-and-white, but translated into all .manner of radiant hues. There was a little streamlet, crossed by a little elliptical bridge, and upon my word there were three pig -tailed Chinamen 'crossing that bridge, looking for all the World like the celebrated brothers of the willow pattern plate; &ad; there were the willows themselves, and a boat, and a pagoda painted bright red and with little balls pen dant from the eaves, and birds of rare plume were circling in the sky. The place, they .told me, contained a Chinese temple, a tea house, and the residence of a wealthy Chinese merchant. John Chinaman does well at Honolulu. A. large consignment of Japanese had also arrived the day prior to 001 landing. The 'Japs' were under en gagement to labour in the sugar plantations. -They had been inspected by the King, and assured by His Majesty of considerate and, equitable treatment. Bat speedily more kaleidoscopic fragments of pic tures flitted across my field of vision. A group of Catholic Sisters of Charity, in their wide-sleeved robes and snowy wimples, and pinners beneath their snowy veils, and with their sweet, smiling, rosy faces— yes, rosy even beneath this torrid sun. Then knots and groups of native children, their : complexions apparently heightened either with Cadbury's essence or with Eppa'a cocoa —black-polled black, shining, beadlike- eyed urchins, male and female, with little bare brown legs and feet, and clad uniformly in a single garment— a bedgown of white or coloured calico, and nothing else. A most sensible and suitable garment for this climate, as.' mighty convanient' as were Mr. Brian O'Lynn's nether garments of sheepskin, of which he turned the woolly side out wards in summer and inwards in winter. The Russian moulik, as you well know, acts in precisely the same manner with his sheep skin gaberdine, or lou-loupe, Nor is the use of the single linen or calico garment for all attire confined to the native children. In the garden of 'a handsome country house I saw with admiration a white lady, young, hand some, and elegant — a member possibly of one of the 'first families' of the island— bending lovingly over a lace-trimmed mosquitocur tained cot, in which lay a pretty white baby. The lady had diamond drops at her ears and a diamond ciosa at her neck, and golden bracelets, and flashing rings on her fingers, but her only visible garment was a long white muslin bedgown. Why wear more, at Honolulu at least? Aloha i Native women, too, their headgear huge cabbage- tree hats, passed us on horseback, they riding astride as the Turkish and Egyptian women do. And then more chil dren, scampering oat of school and chattering very harmoniously in a language which to my ears seem to be nearly all vowels, with just a consonant here and there to keep the .weaker vessels of sound in order. And so we came at last to a beautiful bungalow— a . fishing villa, I was told— with a landing-stage -jutting out into the blue sea. And here we found ladies and gentlemen, an elegant colla tion, Heidseek's dry monopole— or was it Pommory arid Greno? — in 'spumingchalices.' There too we found not only a hearty welcome but polite conversation— the society small- talk of London and Paris, of New York and Washington, and San Francisco. The Lady's Gazette of Fashion was lying on one table ; the GirVs Oum Paper on another. I rubbed for a moment the eyes of my mind, and wondered for a moment where I was. Have you not occasionally fallen into a similar condition of temporary uncertainty, wanderer on the face of the earth? 'Society,' the whole world over, has grown to be so much alike. Bub the eyes of your mind. Where . the deuce are you ? Sometimes you see in a splendid saloon a swarthy gentleman, in a black surtout buttoned to the throat, and with a scarlet fez worn at the back of hi3 head. You are in 'society' at Pera of Constantinople. Again, your neighbour at . dinner is a charming lady, who speaks ?French with much more purity than many Parisiennea do, and who is talking enthu . Biastically about Patti and Nillson, Sardou and Sarah Bernhardt. But the gentlemen present are mainly in midday uniform and I wear large epaulettes of loose bullion. You . aie at dining out in society at St. Petersburg. Again, you are dinner ; the ices and the coffee are of exquisite quality. You are at -Vienna. Somebody is smoking a papeblito between the courses. You are at Madrid. As you pass from the dining-room to the ?drawing-room you espy a shovel hat or bo on ihe table in the vestibule; and among the male guests there may be some old gentle men in red stockings, and some younger ?gentlemen in purple hose. As I continue ? to rub - the eye3 of my mind in the -great drawing-room of the bungalow far away, my eye suddenly lights on the r oddest lady's boudoir that I have ever yet -beheld. It is a room within a room — a dainty . little boudoir containing a cabinet piano, a ?riocking-chair, a worktable, a plenitude of ^shrubs and flowers, and pretty bric-a-bac; ? but the walls and the ceiling of this room within a room are seemingly of the finest ? wire gauze. The dainty boudoir reminds me for an instant of a kind of glorified meatsafe ; but then I remember that the translucent walls and ceiling of the dainty boudoir are : intended to keep out the mosquitoes, and . that I am at Honolulu, in the Sandwich Islands. Aloha ! 