C AULFIEL G TRAINTITG NOTES. Br "Eablt Bird." The tracks bare been almost deserted ' since tbe meeting. Tbe chief topic of con versation amongst the few who hare to prepare to do battle in the several events immediately at hand ib, of course, the fatal termination of what promised to be a brilliant race and successful meeting. flardius, who is credited here with being one of the first to come to grief, is still at 'the Turf Club Hotel. He is badly hurt in the inuecles of the eboulder ; the swelling is gradually decreasing under continual treat ment' of iioi fomentations, but it is doubtful it i,„ — iii recover sufficiently to race again this season. Too Too is greatly knocked about in lbs books, and suffers great pain across the loins ; it was with much difficulty she was got back into Mr. Davis' stables, where she is receiving tbe best of attention. Velocipede, who waB a good deal fancied for tbe Cup, has changed hands, Mr. J. Patterson having purchased tberemaindrrof his lease, and placed him in Mr. S. Mahon'i table. He left on Monday for Fleming- ton. Harris Chester is located at the late K. Howe's establishment. He is in the paddock, on three legs. Tuesday a beautiful morning, but very little doing. Beal Jam, Chelia, and Land League were first oat, being treated to a mild turn, tbe latter going the beet part of another at a useful psce. Mr. Grey bad Parody, Sparkle, Irishman, and Gasslier. The first three were sent quiet exercise, tbe latter doing a couple of turns on tbe eand at three-quarter pace, pulling hard all tbe way. ffingehip, another of the unfortunates who fell in tbe Cup, got one of hie hind legs hurt, and yesterday it started to swell a good deal. Gas burner has joined Mr. Dakin's string. Don Giovan and Lord Chancellor brushed long for half a mile. Mossiface did & useful round. -Freeze-out was treated to some jumping Exercise, performing well. His late fall has made bim cleaner. ' The Marquis of Waterford and Orlando did snild work on the sand. "Oamerine, Manxman II., and Dnlost 'brushed along for fonr or five furlongs, the mare finishing the round for some good work. Ifeerechanm strode along for three- quarters of a mile. Oadlend did some half- pace work. BUok Bonny cantered. General Jackson did a useful round. Melodious strode along for a mile, finish ing etroog. Tbe Stag put in good work on the eand. Waverley did medium-pace work outside the burdlee, where Gold Top strode along for about three-quarters of a mile. Garibaldi and Solo cantered and spurted. The colt bad the services of Eing, who has got him pretty straight ; the latter ran a useful mile with Union Jack. He is showing a good deal of improvement. Lando ran a strong mile. geing steadily. . :0 there of Mr. Kelly's team were sent Suitable exercise. Mr. Benoe had Chandos, Mabel Grey, Mountain Laos, Grattan, Albanua, and Xdbmael at difierent parts of the morning floiog mild work. Boswoith, after breakfast, was sent useful WArk. Mr. Leek had four doing mild exercise — Plympton, Distiller, St. Ellen, and Master John. Mr. Batty sent Umberto a sharp six fur longs. Robin did useful pace work on the sand, where also Bosicrucian did mild exercise- Astronomer went at half pace for a round on the grass. Grace Darling cantered two or three teady rounds, as also did Tbe Ghost and Nuncio. The mare looks blooming after her victory on Saturday. The Bohemian did a strong round. Louise Berta and Here Goes ran a sharp five furlongB. All the visitors have left but tbe invalid, Sardius, and Messrs. Bryant and Grey, who will remain until after the V.B.C. Meeting. 