HOME, NEWS FROM A FRENCH POINT OF VIEW. a : (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) PARIS, 22nd Ausnist. M. Renard takes atock of Eugland during tho past 50 years: the inventory is curious. In 1815 a sea of blood separated the two nations; to-day, oddly enough, they are separated happily a3 ever, by the Straits of Dover, and the used-up hypocrisies of ententes cordiales, alliances and commercial treaties. Since Henry VIII., Queen Victoria was the only English sovereign that put foot on the soil of France, save in exile. And to think in the fifteenth contury Henry VI. of England was crowned King of Prance-a small consolation for the Norman Conquest-at Notre Dame. France sheltered James of Eng land, and not to be outdone in politeness, Eng land gave a home to Louis XVIII., Charles X., Louis Phillippe, and Napoleon III. Guizot repaired to Britain to study the parliamentary system of government at the fountain head, He returned only with the forms of constitutional government; the essentials, give and take, toleration for political differences, were factors unknown to his volatile countrymen. Thiers dropped in also, to look up the system of rail ways, and officially reported they were inapplic able to France. Now, railways were the chief bond of union between the two countries; they enabled the played-out sovereigns of France to bolt more rapidly from their howling, loving subjects; they facilitated Royalists, Bonapartists-aye, Commu nists and Republicans, to reach her shores and cling thereto, as to the horns of the altar. Naturally all these political waifs and strays brought home notions when they regained the native heath. It is thus that the Boulevards became macadamised ; wooden pavement was in troduced, as well as laid down, by English work men; the latter constructed and contracted for the railways. At first the Parisians were opposed to gas-lighting, but ultimately yielded, as they have done respecting the metropolitan underground or overhead line. The travelling vehicles coucon aud diligence have been super seded by the mail coach, tilbury, brakes, and Victorias. Publicity never was felt to be E. want in France, yet advertising vans and sandwich men insist not the less on supplying it. Squares or bungholes have been borrowed from England, and also tile name. There are cottagcs even, but not near woods, as in streets. Shops commence to close on Sunday, so that the city will be abandoned soon on that day to a policeman aud the dog of the Derby racecourse. The houseB-the new ones-aro no longer case mates; they are built on English ideas of space, air and light, and every Frenchman's compart ment on a fiat is his castle. They are furnished with all the comforts of a home, carpets, flowers, water, gas and heating apparatus. An English philosopher laid down that the civilisation of a people can be measured by its consumption of soap. "How are the French off for soap?" There is even to this day a good deal of " wash ing the hands with invisible soap, in invisible water." There are numerous youngcitoyens to whom one may say, " Oh, you dirty boy 1"-so limited still is their culte for soap or suds. Only the French "are of the religion of Vol taire still, they triigh t be recommended tl\e Englishman's prayer, \yho, in addition to suppli cating for his 'daily bread, demanded to liavo also a,clean shirt. Now, white linen is, among the great unwashed, rare. Some attribute the cause to tho spinners, who keep out American cotton as they do Cincinnatti pork and English threads. It is pcrfidc All/ion that has taught monsieur the use of tho morning tub, and which prolonged the life of Hugo a decade; that in dicated to mothers bare legs for their children," instead of swaddling clothes, and the advantages of Mackintoshes, Macfarlanes, Cheviots and,' ulsters. . '' '1 Under tha Revolution, France parodied, the nRine80(^mO|A^waft^%iH». Strangethsra. was a deckled leaning for the undemocratic name of Julius ; a barber was Krntus, and so an honorable man. Themis tocles blacked your boot3, and Leonidas mended them. The classical was even superior to the romantics, who under Napoleon I. sought in Ossian and not the Calendar of Saints, the family formula to prevent your coming under the generic M or X of the catechism. To- day all is Albert, William, Jenny, and Mary. Men cannot borrow; the latter form of a Saint's name; even a Spaniard, gourmand as he is for a sausage roll of prenomens,.would shrink from the deed. English-that is, Anglo-Saxon-influence has transformed, but not deformed, French manners. Thus routs, lunches, teas-no longer tisane and toast are as common as on the other side of the Channel. So is "the plum pudding," though served in a liquid form. However, faith, and a little blazing rum, make up the difference. Beef steaks have cut out the pol-au-feu, so defamed by the Tonkinois Ferry ros-bif " is more in favor th-n i(le Veau; "pel el," porter, punch grogs, lobster salad and bars are orders of the day-and night. A special edition of the "Academy" would be required to incorporate alone the terms and technicalities of the world of. sport. Unless some immortal, with a Voltaire energy, came to judgment, the work would only be completed about the same time as the definite establishment of the third Republic. Sport, box, cricket, croquet, lawn tenuis, yachting, turf, jockey, whist, club and tourist, are as familiar in the mouths of the French as household words. From being the most sedentary, the most Chinese of western nations, they have become the most travelling save Germauy-ivards. They have two "Cooks" of their own, guaranteed that after being a guide to them in the wilderness, will not there bid them adieu ! If French ladies have dictated fashions to their English sisters, London tailors lay down the law to French clubbists and Paris mashers. In exchange for gracefulness of carriage, well chosen colors, and comfortably artistic toilettes, England lias taught the French, man and brother, virile energy, muscular vigor and tenacity, useful and practical knowledge. She has left to Bismarck, fortunately, to indicate to the Gaul hi3 colonial Tonkins and the coming Congo complications, with the self-elected Emile I., emperor of an endless number of cocoanut and ivory subjects. If England has borrowed largely from Frenchdrama, she has in exchange taught the dramatic ideal to France, and emancipated her poets from the yoke of theories. Her "Robinson Crusoe" has roused the spirit of childhood to literature. Her "Travels of Gulliver" have learned Verne, Figuier and de Parville how to popularise sciences. Walter Scott's novels have made known the middle ages to France; Dickens, what is a people's fireside, and Swift has been the type-writer for political pamphlete riug. Yet, despite all these advantages of inter course, the English were never less in the odor of sanctity with the French than to-day. Even the " I do not like thee-, Dr. Fell" fails to ex plain the antipathy. It is not so much the journals which have to depend for their circula tion on the intensity of their Anglo phobism, as the absence in the more common-sense papers of all protest against tendency that will irretrievably alienate from her all Anglo-Saxon good-will. Some philosophers demand, "Is the Republic on the road to decay?" The electors will answer that question before next quarter-day. Instead of unity, the Republic seems to be splitting more and more up into compartments, where each tenant proclaims himself a medicine man. Perhaps the next Chamber will resemble that of 1S50 : a united monarchial opposition, and a fundamentally divided Republican major it}-, resulting in a Governmental daad-lock. But where is the hand to grasp the nettle, danger 1 Ciemenceau is the only public man that has had the courage to lay down a distinct programme. Those waiters on Providence-the Opportunists -continue to be all things to all men, and sugar o'er their terrible blunders by preaching up brotherly love and unity- all spermaceti for an inward bruise. The Brisson cabinet intends proclaiming its policy; it was rather a burial than a baptismal service, public opinion expected from the pis aller ministry. There will be a great fight at the Congress to be called for electing M. Grevy's successor. That bodyj once united can play ducks and drakes with the whole constitution. If the Monarchists vote with the Radicals, there is nothing to prevent the Congress being converted into a convention. The state of the finances causes more and more uneasiness. Voltaire remarked of the opening of the reign of Louis XVI. : " We are in the golden age, even to the very neck." France 13 not that now: she has not even a ghost of a Turgot. The condition of Aunam is fright ful, and opinion suspects that more than £>7000 soldiers are down from ?icknes3. It is estimated that not les3 than a fresh army of 30,000 men will be required to establish order in that Ferry folly. Of course were such asked for on the eve of the general elections, the fate of the Re public was sealed. The ill-humor of Bismarck towaids France is attributed to the latter's de clining to li.'.ve anything further to do with colonisation bubbles, which undermine the strength of the nation. Roehefort continues to keep the town amused. Since a new fit of Olivier Pain has seized him, he out-herods Pert Dtichine. This little storiny petrel ha3 re-app:ared, and so is a sign of the times. Rochefort demands the Funes to aid him in castigating Lord Lyons and Wolesley. He suggests that some one should slap the for mer's facc. In all his strange career, the man of the Lantern always endeavored to get another to execute his suggestions. Why does he not himself, for once in his life, act on his own recommendation ? It is concluded the cholera is very bad in the south of France. The local authorities conceal the true state of affairs, and so do more harm than good. The decision not to allow the " Bayard" to go to Toulon with the remains of the Admiral Courbet has created a painful sen sation, both as regards the ship and the sanitary condition of the great arsenal city. Raiucy is aipretty village ten miles from Paris. Au old maid, Mile. Menetret, purchased a resi dence there, having for neighbor the mayor. Her only companion was a Mile. Mercier, aged 4G, whom she in charity took to live with her. The mistress suddenly disappeared; Mercier ex plained she had retired to a convent, and had authorised her to keep on the house, in addition to receiving her rents. Mercier went to a foreign notary, and caused him to execute a power of attorney, signed by Menetret, cm powering Mercier to legally act for her. But Menetret's nephew and heir did not like the ap pearance of the whole affair, the more so as Mercier brought her brother and two sisters to live with her. The Chief of the Detectives one morning had the house guarded, and arrested the four occupants on suspicion. Next lie bad tho lawn examined, and soon found a grave, two feet deep, filled with calcined bones, that the expertists declared to be those of a woman. In presence of the discovery, the brother grew livid; the two sisters called for the clergy to ex communicate the police, while Mercier herself remained as cool as a cucumber, suggested the remains might belong to an old cemetery, or be those of the missing young woman Boehomer, whom Pel has just been convicted of "removing" by incineration. General Chanzy has at last his monument erected in the city of Mans, which he so bravely defended against the Germans, till bravery could hold out no longer. Had he been en trusted with high command at tho commence ment instead of at the close of the France German war, he might have changed the result. Has France any more generals of the self-abne gating and tenacious talents against great odds -character of Antoine E. Chanzy, the self-made man ? By a curious coincidence, Chanzy com menced his career in the navy, and it was to him and two admirals that the French army owes most of its strategetic lustre during 1S70-71. The most contented man in France at this moment is said to be M. Grcvy. He is enjoying the quietest of rests in his modest home, near where he was born. He passes his whole day in the high lands chasing the deer, with a pas sion only equal to what Victor Emmanuel dis played. It is all a joke about M. Grevy potting at rabbits ; there is not a pussy in the whole region. He longs for the close of December, when his lease of office expires. Vive la li'pubUq'ie! was a very general way for gardeners to interpret their ma,sters'political opinions, by cultivating powers to. throw in re lief the. above pjirase. "The idea has been acted , on : gardeners hav-e also, Virelarii' and Vive ; la Empcreur}-4ill now that kind of competitive opposition was monopolised by parrots. Young Sothern, it is said, will give a few re presentations in Paris. Nearly '20 years a"o when his father appeared here in " Lord Dun dreary," a very distinguished Academiciau re marked : " He can't speak English, and besid" he always stutters !" 'T~1 