MALMSBURY WESLEYAN CHURCH. LAYING THE FOUNDATION- STONE. r * THE HON. J. B. PATTERSON ON THE EDUCATION QUESTION. The requirements of the Wesleyan Church at'Malmsbury having outgrown the accommodation afforded by thejtresent building, the trustees decided upon erecting a larger building in a more central position. A spacious site at the corner of Mollison and Barker Streets was puiv chased for £60—about one-third of its value. The plans provide for a really handsome building measuring inside 45 feet by 30 feet, and affording accommodation for about 250 people. The foundations are of bluestone, and the super-' structure will be of red brick faced with white: The cost of the building without fittings will be £957. The whole of the fittings will be new, and when complete the church will have cost about £1,200. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone was performed yesterday by the Hon J. B. Patterson, in the presence of about 300 persons. After singing an appropriate hvmn, and prayer by the Rev J. W. Tuckfield, , Mr Hooppell read the text of the record contained in the sealed bottle to be placed in a cavity below the stone, which was as follows :—" The foundation-stone of this Wesleyan Church was laid by thfe Hon. J..B. Patterson, M.L A., this first day'of April, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, and in the forty-eighth year of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Sir H. B. Loch being Governor of the colony; the Rev. R C. Flockhart being President of the Wesleyan Conference, and the Rev. J. W. Tuckfield, Superintendent of the Kyneton Circuit. Trustees — Messrs Blackwell, Hooppell,"Fleming, Darlington, and Hunter. Architect, 1'. J. Crouch, Esq., of Melbourne. Contractors, Messrs Darby and Boswarrick. The undermentioned documents were placed in the bottle, viz. —Copies of the A rgus, Age, Kvneiok Observer, Kyyieton Guardian, Methodist Spectator, Circuit Plan, and Trmi- eranee Newt. We have two society classes, also a Sabbath School with 13 teachers and 145 scholars.. The first church was built in the year 1867, but being too small for the increasing congregation the present structure was commenced.—S. E. Hooppell, Secretary to Trustees, Malmsbury, April 1st, 1885." Mr Hooppell then presented the Hon. J. B. Patterson with a handsome silver trowel, suitably inscribed. The stone was then lowered into position. Mr Patterson appUed the level and striking the stone thrice with the mallet said, "In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, I declare this stone well and truly laid.. I have much pleasure in laying the foundation stone of this Wesleyan Church in Malmsbury ; I consider it a privileae to take part in a ceremony of this kind. Wesleyanism has made great progress throughout the world ; its simple and impressive religious teaching has reached the heart, and met the sympathy of the musses to an unprecedented extent, and I am sure we all wish that the good work begun by John Wesley, the founder of your denomination, may continue to stretch out its influence to the uttermost parts of the earth When the name of Wesley is mentioned we are reminded of a great reformer, a philanthropist, an earnest preacher, and able administrator. As a reformer he will always rank in history with the names of such as Luther, Calvin, and John Knox. It is intended to erect a new church here. There may nut be much significance in the style of a building dedicated to public worship. Wesley and Whitfield were not ashamed to preach, nor afraid to preach, with no other covering than the canopy of heaven, often buffet! ed and maligned by unthinking people, who afterwards regretted their folly and found solace under the banner of Methodism. At the present time temples are erected iu almost every country indicating the world- famed success of your sect. Simplicity in the conduct of Divine Service and its surroundings is most commendable at a time when pure faith is often subordinated to mere form ; At the same time it will be admitted that the house of worship should exhibit all the architectural beauty' that • man can bestow upon it; therefore you regard with satisfaction the object of this day's ceremony as an evidence of Christian vitality in this district, and when this structure has been completed it is to be hoped you will find funds for the erection of a building alongside for Sunday School purposes, which is the complement of our excellent State School system. Whatever in this sceptical age the; different views on religious matters may be, you may depend upon it that all and any of the beliefs iB better than the; hopeless blank future offered by those who delight to sneer at religion. In travelling through the old'eountry one is struck by the number of churches dotted all over the kingdom. Rely upon it when you see those churches you observe the principal factpr in forming the character of the British race, and I think we have reason to be proud that in these colonies we have been mindful of that fact in following the example of Great Britain. In performing this pleasing ceremony, I can only express a hope that many may rind comfort and consolation from the .words they will hear within its walls. The Rev. A. Jolly of Fitzroy made a collection speech which resulted in nearly L10 beinglaid upon the stone. The Doxology sung and the Benedicdictionpronounced, terminated this portion of the proceedings. ; In the evening.tea -was partaVen of. in is katter B^fS ^^rxii^E ^rark 4emon- the Town Hall by about 400 persons, including a large number-of visitors .from Kyneton, Taradale, and-other places. The tables were decorated with a profusion! of choice flowers and were given and presided over by Mrs and Miss Fleming, Mrs Hooppell, Mrs Richardson, Mrs Crowe and Miss Grace French, Miss Watson (Highbank Hill), and the Misses Darlington. After tea, the proceedings at the public meeting were opened with singing' and prayer. The Rev. Mr Tuckfield then introduced The Hon. 3. B. Patterson who was received with lo'ud cheers and who said t— 1 gladly accepted your kind invitation, because although I have experienced many sensations in my time, and at Malmsbury mors especially, I do not think l have •ever been invited to preside at a meeting of this kind before. At politiual meetinga In olden times I used to be wildly applauded by frieridsand franticallyscreamed at by foes, until Ifoundmyself submerged in. sowid, and although; there might t be tSyo sides fo every qu^Kbh,"there was ino chance of mymaking intelligible reference to either. . Who, in suph jude t^ncerts were right, and who were wrong, must everVemain among the mysteries of the past, as the only records ever vouchsafed after fiuchmeetings, consisted in the announcement, winch - might bave; been stereotyped: - "Another boisterous meeting at Malmsbury."^Things have changed for the better. Majmsbuiy has not merely d vitalitv, simnltahtouslywith its maricedl -improvement in material resources.' - ^The Malmsbury of the olden time, might well ' be forgotten in the present well-to- _ ilo- JMiilmebury. .or the .golden - time ; your gold ' fields have earned the riiiht to rank amongst' the first in the colouy, for the number of men employed, for the gold obtained, for the -dividends paid to investors, and best of all, for the comparative certainty that attends on your operations. Elsewhere, in localities that are - already famous, the precious metal lies in such patches, that fortunes found in a day, are lost in the persistency. of months, endeavouring to find, again'the coyly hidden treasures of nature. - There is no, other feature about the Malmsbury mines that pleases me so much, as^the solid permanency that justifies investment. In the fluctuations of the markets, any person may lose a little, but here you never lose all, the bottom never drops out altogether, and it will be in Malmsbury, as it has been iu other important gold-fields, the local men who have been fortunate, will not be disposed to run away from the field. Such work lias a cliarin for successful investors, .3.11 cl "none will envy their prosperity, which has come to them, lift like gains at the gambling table, but as well earned returns from wisely conducted industrial operations.j The individual success of such men is a gain to the whole community, as it spreads vitality through a thousand avenues of enterprise, and everywhere there are evidences of that fact- But the resources of this place are not limited to gold mining ; in the wealth of>basalt which underlies this town and its surroundings, there is at present an excellent business, and a promise that it "' will endure. Already the - stone • that • you can supply is made a feature in the greatest building contracts ; the best structures in the city of Melbourne stand on Malmsbury foundations. (Cheers) Then again, the agricultural resources of tiiis district can scarcely be surpassed, from Taradale back to Woodend, as well as east and west, almost without limit, reminding one of the best arable land in England. To all these advantages, and they are considerable, you are entitled to add the fact, not without significance, that Malmsbury ij the great storage ground for water, which spreads its manifold advantages over the condition of thousands of families in Castlemaine, Sandhurst, and elsewhere. My short trip to the mother country has not lessened my opinion of things here ; it has rather tended to convince me that we have just cause to be proud at the substantial work accomplished by such a small population in so short a tiuie. There are many respects in which we are in advance of the old country, as for example in legislation. They are still struggling in Kngland for an extension of the suffrage, which we have already carried to the end of the line, unless we some day learn that women have rights in such particulars which men are bound to repect. (Applause.) It js a maxim among the wisest men in England, indeed in Great Britain, as it has become here, that the only legitimate check upon the abuse of political power, when conferred on the masses, must he sought in thorough education in essentials. To prepare the new governing power, for the duty which it is bound to assume, when the young and rising manhood of the state, is to have an equal voice in the aflairs which affect all classes, it becomes an imperative duty to provide that all persons shall enjoy in their youth the opportunity to acquire knowledge. as a safeguard that their power will be wisely exercised. It would be an awful disaster for a country to discover, that its fortunes had been committed to the custody of ignorant, fanatical and bigoted men. (Applause.) I observe with considerable attention that after repeated defeats, the ancient and untiring enemy of our education scheme, is once more at work. A league has been established to destroy those majestic monuments to enlightenment, that adorn and bless even the remotest portions of this colony. Our Education Act has only been in force about twelve years, consequently, the earliest pupils under it are only now coming of age to assume the responsibilities of civil and political life. He must be an unscrupulous man. as well as bold beyond reason, who will deny that the rising Australians, for sobriety and unassuming intelligence, will compare favorably with the old stock. (Cheers.) I have observed them in various walks of life, in departments of the. State, and in business offices, and I am bound to record my opinion, that the future of Australia will be quite safe in the hands of the Australian born. (Cheers). When you hear of larrikins and their mischievous pranks, it will be found on investigation that they did not graduate in our State Schools. (Hear, hear). I venture to assert, after enquiry andisome observation, that there are very few places indeed, that-can produce a staff of teachers superior to our own. The United States of America, great as have been their advantages, -cannot -approach us in this Tespect. v Our teachers, male and female, have been under the gaze of critics, often hostile and too frequently malignant, for a number of years, that gave opportunities to enemies ready to snap up individual derelictions to the general discredit, but the dignity and honor of their great success as a class has not been smirched by one feature of disgrace. Our enemies would like to stamp the means wh&eby; this colony has been improved in; mental and.moral status, as "Godless," but there is a test which was suggested nearly two thousand years ago, which re mains valid to this day " By their fruits ye shall - know them,''-—and the system which they thoughtlessly denounce may, betried by that standard, without dangeTr thaiourjsclioola will be discrededit'br.that oar God will be dishonored. I read the other day of a clergyman -declaiming against our Education Act,- in the course of which he; said, that crowds of people were going to theatres 'in Melbourne oh Sunday | evenings, to hear . sceptics . and atheists submit this. Scriptures to ridicule, but 1 think that Tie was singularly unfor-' tunate in his endeavor to connect that fact with what he unfairly called "-our anti- Christian system" of education. I have it on the authority of a gentleman whom I can {trust, connected with the Press in Melbourne, and whose duties obliged him frequently to attend sucli meetings, that there was an almost complete absence of nafcive bom youths, .and more especially of those who might be supposed to have attended Our , State Schools, singe the presentAct 'came into force, but on the other hand, the audience that he saw, seemed to be conversant with tile Scriptures from Genesis to Revelation,• so that lie was -convinced they must have been trained under some denominational system. .Further comments on that point cannot be useful. The State is well' aware that moral teaching is necessary, and when it qffers to the expanding mind the contemplation qf all that is §qod, and moral, .and true, gtqpping only, on the verge ot dqgmat'c theology, it cannot fall short of giving to youth the best conception of all that is Godlike. (Applause.) In a mixed community-Jike our own, permeated by innumerable sects, each naturallyjealous of any meddling on the part of the State, the duty is cast upon us to be espeojajly- qaxeful aot to arouse thr t unying be (Ksggnpgatgd |n ths name of religion; therefore it was thought best to steer clear of alTsectarian j distinctions, to evince tolerance for every j phase of belief, to give needless offence to 1 none, leaving each organisation to perform j its own especial work, assisted by the i raoral influence of every agency that the State could direct. That endeavor has not pleased -the bigots; , and it-may-be asserted with absolute confidence, that all efforts to serve God and Mammon, by combining with the league of bur enemies must end in still more marked and decided failure. When I was lately in Dublin, "there was a story of an American wandering about that beautiful city, scrutinising its public buildings. A large pile of buildings not yet completed, caught his eye, and he asked a wayfarer, " Stranser, what's that for ? " " That," said the Dublin man " is a school that is being built by Mr Guinness." Continuing his perambulation, he saw considerable repairs being done to a church, and being inquisitive, like most of his countrymen, he asked who was doing that. " The repairs," said a polite attendant, " are being executed at the cost of Mr Guinness." The recurrence of the name struck him as remarkable, but he was fated to liear-tlie same gentlemen mentioned once more. The next prominent structure that he examined was a brewery, and that, he was informed, belonged also to Guinness. That last act filled the cup to overflowing. " Wal," said the explosive Yankee, "that," js wonderful; I never beard of such a thing in my life before ; education, salvation, and damnation, all run by one'man." (Loud laughter). As the mystified American walked away, his voice was still heard in vigorous commentary—" That combination may work in Dublin, but it would never do in our country." The people think that when a battle has been once fairly fought, and honestly won the defeated party should loyally accept the situation, seeing that there is no sacrifice of conscience involved in the submission. Will it be pretended for one instant, that conscience is outraged by the existing condition of affairs, when the people who talk of conscience, are content to draw their stipends from the state to administer the system, which we are told is ' Godless' and full of peril for schooled humanity ? The Australian public desire above all things, to ensure good citizen ship, and to that end, wide spread, indeed universal education is a necessity For that reason, it is accepted] as a primary duty of the State. The salvation of souls cannot be brought within the range of State duties. That is the lofty calling of spiritual advisers, which we regard >< ith veneration, but we cannot propose that they shall be superseded by the State on the one hand, any more than we would permit them to supersede the State in any of its civil functions. It is the fervent aspiration of all good men and women that the churches may never grow weary of well doing, and that their labors will always have such help as the State can legitimately offer, but the spiritual leader will act wisely, in preserving the position which he occu pies from the tumult and strife, which can hardly be separated from the arena of politics. There is a broad and deep line of demarcation, between the Church and civil government, wliich we must strenuously insist on maintaining, in spite of all the Roman Catholic league, and its patrons, may have to say in favor of reverting to denominational schools, and with the fullest appreciation of their earnestness, we must resolve against all odds, to maintain the school system for which we have fought in the past, and to wliich we are determined to continue the fruits of our well won victories. (Loud Addresses were subsequently delivered by the Revs A. Jolly, W. H. Fitchett, and Tuckfield, and Mr Bond. During the evening the church choir led by Mr Taylor, renderedfin excellent style some selections of sacred music, Miss" Fleming pre - siding at the organ. 