HOMEBUSH WESLEYAN BCROOL-CBUROR. I -. The memorial-stone of a building which is to serve the dual purpose of a school and church for the Wesleyans of Homebush was successfully laid on Saturday afternoon by Mrs. Schofield. In spite of the heavy and threatening weather which prevailed, a very fair number of friends and visitors attended to witness the ceremony, amongst them being the Revs. J. A. Nolan (president of the Wesleyan Conference), G. Hurst, S. Wilkinson, W. Mooney G. Martin, and others. The building, which was richly decorated with flags, is situate near the railway station, being apparently in the centre of a rapidly extending district, which will at no distant date include a large population. The structure is to be of brick, with a slate roof. The in tenor will he about 50ft. by Soft Messrs. Lewis and Sons, of George-street, are the architects, and Mr. Vernon, of Marrickville, is the builder. The total estimated cost is £1400 (moulding the land), towards which Mrs. Schofield and the Rev. G. Hurst have generously contributed the sum of £100 each. Other friends have also helped most liberally. At a little after 4 o'clock the proceedings were commenced by the singing of a hymn, after which the Rev. G. Hurst read the lesson, and prayer was offered by the Rev. W. Moore. Mr. H. Pain (secretary to the trustees) then read a document, which contained general information as to the founding of the church at Home bush and the laying of the memorial-stone. A large bottle containing copies of the Sydney Morning herald the Weekly Advocate, a conference plan, He, was then deposited within a cavity of the stone, after which Mr. Bailey (treasurer) presented Mrs. Schofield with a silver trowel and a nicely finished mallet, and requested the lady to lay the stone. Mrs. Schofield then stepped forward and discharged the usual duties, after which she declared the memorial-stone to be well and truly laid in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. The Roy G. Hurst then delivered an interesting address on Wesleyan Methodism, in tho course of which he briefly traced the history of its progress from the time when it was started by its great founder down to the present day. He stated that Wesleyan Methodism had been carried, to the Dominion of Canada, the United States, the West Indies, and to many other parts of the globe. Wherever the doctrines of Wesley had been taught they had taken deep root and had flourished greatly. As an instance of this he informed his hearers that 20,000,000 of people called themselves Wesleyans at the present time. The speaker concluded by making a powerful appeal to the young men in the assemblage, and urged them to devote a horn serves to the service of God. He also advised those who had given themselves to God to stand fast in their faith and not let the world laugh or scoff them out of their religion. Another hymn was then sung, and prayer having been made, Mr. H. Pain announced that he had received letters of apology from several persons, regretting their inability to be present, and forwarding donations to be laid on the stone. The total amount laid on the stone was £42 7s. After the conclusion of the ceremony the company repaired to a large tent, where a complimentary tea had been provided. A public meeting was subsequently held, at which the President of the Conference, the Rev. J. A. Nolan, presided. Interesting and congratulatory speeches were made by the Rev. G. Martin, G. Lane, and other friends. a 