CHAPTER VI.-- THE SILVER SEA SAILS. By this time the cable was in the situation that is termed "hove short;" the anchor was still on the ground, but the chain was "up and down" with it, and only a few turns of the windlass barrel were now needed to liberate the ship. The hearty chorus of the seamen, ceased on a sudden, some loud orders delivered by Captain Pipes were re-echoed on the fore- castle, and I saw the tug manoeuvring under the ship's bows as a line was thrown to her, and her people dragged our hawser on to her deck. Of our crew I could as yet form no opinion; the whole of them were forward, including the "idlers" (the steward excepted), and they looked a tolerable likely set of fellows—some of them of an unmistakably Dutch or Scandinavian type of countenance, and dressed in the various rigs worn by merchant seaman. "I suppose we're off in a minute now!" cried out Colonel Inglefield. "Only waiting for the tug to secure the end of our hawser," replied Mr. Hornby, "and then up comes the anchor, and 'Hurrah for the sea, the sea, the open sea,' and all that sort of thing, don't you know?" "I hope those men will stop shooting off that gun until we are out of reach," exclaimed Mrs. Inglefield, directing a hand that flashed with rings towards the breakwater; "were a ball to hit us, it would make a hole, and down we should sink." "I wished they would hit us!" called out the Colonel. "Nothing would please me better than to bring an action against the Admiralty. The naval wick wants snuffing now and again, I can tell you." "Those fellows look like soldiers," said I. "Then," shouted the colonel, "I'd bring an action against the military commander-in- chief. Somebody should be responsible for shooting us, by heaven! What right, I say, what right have the military or naval authorities of this port to allow men to collect on that breakwater, and discharge shotted guns in the direction of passing ships? Why, the thing's monstrous! Imagine a ball kill- ing me! Is Mrs. Inglefield to have no claim on anybody? eh;—eh;--don't you see my argument?—why----" They'll not hurt us, colonel," said Mr. Edwards laughing, while the choleric officer pulled off his hat and mopped his forehead. "Aubyn, what's the name of the lower of those two poles across the mast there?" "The lower maintopsail yard," I replied. "What fanciful names sailors have given to their ship's masts and rigging!" observed Miss Edwards. "Most deplorable jargon, I think," said Mrs. Inglefield. "How different from military terms!" "No, no, anything but jargon!' exclaimed Miss Edwards. "The few terms I know are wonderfully expressive; and see what our every-day language owes to sailors!" "We shall be under way in a minute," piped little Hornby, swinging his legs on the chair that was too tall to enable his feet to touch the deck. As he spoke, the windlass pawls clanked afresh, and a hurricane chorus came rattling past our ears. "In proof of the justice of Miss Edwards's remark, Mrs. Inglefield," said I, "let me tell you that no lover could have equipped his sweetheart more lavishly than Jack has his ship. Observe how he has decorated her: he has given her chains, jewel blocks and bangles, garnets, breast hooks and ribbands, gauntlets and heels, hood, garlands and collars, not to mention horses and hounds and a score of other things." "And cradles," said Hornby. "Yes," said I, "and gammoning." "You're joking!" exclaimed Mr. Edwards. "The skipper shall prove my veracity when he has leisure," I replied. "Anchor's away, sir," roared Mr. Bird, the first mate, from the forecastle. Pipes flourished his hand, the hawser tautened, and in a moment the jibboom of the ship was slowly sweeping the green land that had been lying abreast of us all morning, till it was pointing fair at the funnel of the tug that was heading to the westward of the breakwater, whilst a fellow at our helm was grinding at the wheel in obedience to the hoarse notes of Pipes, who bundled about on his bow legs with an agility not a little sur- prising in a conformation so uncouth. The scene now became very interesting. There was nobody to wave hat or handker- chief to ashore and our departure was there- fore lacking in those white flutterings which, when prolonged, always heighten the going of a ship into a sort of agony, since to my notion any kind of lingering is a bitter mistake in leave-taking. It should be a quick kiss, a quick handshake; for you see the tooth must be drawn, and who wants the dentist to gape sentimentally down one's throat, and then slowly, very slowly, haul upon his forceps? But to return! No handkerchief fluttered upon our deck as the backwash of the tug's paddles sent the white froth reeling along our bends; nevertheless, no sooner did we feel that we had fairly started that we became silent. Margaret Edwards slipped her hand into her father's; even the Colonel looked thoughtfully, and every eye was bent—with more or less wistfulness in it—on the shore that was slowly, gliding along as if getting up steam to dance in a circle about us; whilst outlines shifted, and green melted into brown, and brown into emerald. Drake's Island drew up on the starboard quarter, and looked like a block of pumice-stone afloat on the blue ripples, and the masts of ships in the dock beyond opened, with a glimpse of Sutton Pool in the east, and its forests of smacks' and colliers' spars. We were nearing the breakwater when suddenly—flash!—bang! went the big gun they had been firing at intervals all the morning. But this time nobody took any notice, except timid Miss Inglefield, who popped her hands to her ears with a startled look out of the corners of her eyes. The truth is the explosion accorded with our feelings; it seemed to say good-by, like a salute designed for that purpose. And really we felt the want of some demonstration, for our departure from Plymouth Sound on a long voyage, without a friend ashore to wave to us, or in a boat over the side to call a farewell, made this part of the journey empty enough to find us willing to let the report of the cannon fill it. All this while the windlass had been clank- ing, and the seamen singing at it; but this suddenly ceased, and whilst some fellows re- mained on the forecastle to cat the anchor, others hoisted a portion of the fore and aft canvas, for the wind was eastward of south, and our road out of the Sound enabled those sails to draw. We were a little ship and light, being of course in ballast, though in excellent trim; and the tug having got a good grip, swept us seawards smartly. The break- water twirled by as though it were pivoted in the centre and revolving, and you saw the summer water creeping up and down the outer incline of it in breaks of froth, like the white fingers of a blind woman groping. There was so much to look at, coupled with the sense that a long voyage had fairly begun, that I suppose we had no words for one another. We excited little interest: smacks and open boats were passed close, but hardly an eye was lifted to our ship. Out at sea were three or four yachts—mere leaning shafts of moonlike silver—beyond them was a full-rigged ship hidden to her courses, and looking so wan that one almost started to feel that the phantasm was a towering, massive reality. It was a most lovely after- noon, the mild wind was full of sweetness, and whenever it swept along in a quicker breathing, the heavens whence it came seemed to lighten by a shade, whilst over our quarter the blue deepened, as though the sapphire ether were a material elastic substance that could be thickened or attenuated by a weight of air. "Charming bit of scenery this!" said Mr. Hornby, breaking the silence; "though I shouldn't like to be cast away yonder," point- ing to Rame Head, "on a black night full of frost. What need is there to leave England for fine views and all that sort of thing, don't you know? This is quite a spot to spend one's honeymoon in, I declare?" and the little fellow jerking himself on to his feet, pecked and peered around with his nostrils dilated, and admiration strong in his bright small eyes. Mr. Edwards burst into a laugh, "Good gracious, Hornby! haven't you had enough of honeymoons? Isn't one sufficient in a life- time?" "It's the most tedious part of married life," exclaimed Mrs. Inglefield. "Mr. Aubyn, when you marry—oh, I beg pardon, perhaps you are married?" "Not yet," said I. "Then when you marry stipulate that there shall be no honeymoon," continued she. "You can't conceive how boring it is. People ought to plunge into life at once, instead of locking themselves up—unless, of course they're very spoony, which so seldom happens you know." I glanced at the colonel; but I noticed then, and afterwards, that he took whatever his wife said as a matter of course. Miss Edwards did not look as if she thought Mrs. Inglefield's chatter entertaining. She tried to change the subject by saying to her father she hoped that the rheumatism would have left him long before the English coast was again in sight. "Pray heaven!" he exclaimed, with a tender glance at her and then a bit of a scowl at his right ankle. But Mrs. Inglefield was not to be swerved in this fashion. "Should you ever undergo a honeymoon, Mr. Aubyn, you will recollect my words," said she, resuming the subject as though she had not heard Miss Edwards. "Charley, do you remember how quickly you bored me?" The colonel cast his dull black eyes aloft with a grin. "Mr. Hornby, will you believe me I found my husband most uninteresting until I got into the outside world again and met other men? Then he improved a little." Though her face was under a parasol, I thought it looked extremely powdery at that moment, and her dress being of a reflective material—a mixture of silk or something of that kind—glistened in the sunshine with the tension, as it rose and sank, with her breathing and movements. "No, no, Mrs. Inglefield," cried little Hornby, "confess that instead of finding the colonel uninteresting, he was the one object in which your affection, hopes, admiration, and all that sort of thing, don't you know, were centred! Eh, colonel, during your honey- moon, can you ever recollect Mrs, Inglefield removing her eye from your face?" "Oh, hang me if I know, Hornby!" shouted the colonel. "It's too long ago, my boy, to recollect. I say, when does the tug mean to let go of us?" As this question might have been heard on the forecastle, Captain Pipes, who stood near the mizzen rigging not far from us, answered, "She'll drop us when clear of Rame Head, sir." "Mr. Aubyn," exclaimed Mrs. Inglefield, "what is that thing stuck up in the water, there?" pointing to the sea over the bow. "The Eddystone Lighthouse," I replied. "Oh, how interesting!" said Miss Ingle- field, turning to look at the dim, delicate line. "The great Smeaton built that," said the colonel. "A wonderful work, by George! It was there you know that a lightsman's wife grew so fat that she couldn't be got down the staircase, and they had to remove the lantern and lower her from the top." He laughed boisterously, as a man sometimes will over a story he spoils. "Charley, don't be horrid," said Mrs. Inglefield. Here Hornby called out; "I say, Pipes, did you ever hear of a woman growing so fat in that lighthouse yonder that they had to hoist her through the roof?" Pipes approached and surveyed us with his inimitable and indescribable face. "I can't say that ever I have," he replied. "I don't say it's unreasonable. My mother when she died weighed three-and-twenty stone from the want of exercise, and she was reckoned the finest woman in Brixham, though it's not for me to say it. There's but little walking to be got in a lighthouse. Steady!" he shouted to the man at the wheel. "D'ye want to run away with the tug? What I've heard about that lighthouse, ladies is this: There were two keepers and one died. The relief was long in coming, in consequence of foul weather. When they boarded the lighthouse they found the body in a fearful state of decay, and the lonesome lightsman pretty nigh daft—quite moony, ma'am," addressing Mrs. Inglefield. "Well, when they had polished up his senses, he explained that he hadn't dared cast his dead mate overboard for fear he should be thought to have murdered him; so for days and days he and that corpse had been together. The dead chap's sperrit hung about for a tidy bit, I've heard, and would sometimes turn to and trim the lamps, and frighten the keepers in a way to whiten the hair upon their heads. He was ultimately disposed of by a gale of wind. It blew tremendously hard one middle watch, and it was reckoned the ghost, unable to bear up against the weight of wind, was carried out into the Atlantic Ocean." "Perhaps we shall come across him," said I. "I hope not. I don't like ghosts. I believe in them!" cried the colonel. "You!" shouted little Hornby. "Yes, man, I. When I was in Burmah the ghost of an old friend of mine, Sir Winterton Sikes, then stationed at Hongkong, came to my bedside and told me to write at once to his wife that he had died of dysentery. Well, I didn't do so, and I regretted it, by George! for some months after I heard that my friend had died on the very night he had come to my bedside." "Of dysentery?" asked Hornby. "Certainly," shouted the colonel. "Lord bless me now?" exclaimed Captain Pipes. "It's quite true," remarked Mrs. Inglefield, speaking with an air of importance. "Charley told me his dream, and I put it down to indigestion." "It wasn't a dream," cried the colonel. "It was a ghost." Pipes muttering "Lord bless me now," several times, stepped back to his former place, and sent his voice roaring along the deck in an order to get all three lower top- sails loosed, ready for sheeting home. We were now soon to be left to ourselves. The sea beyond Rame Head lay broad and blue, and the red and white bands of the Eddystone Lighthouse, with now and again a sort of shiver of brightness in its glass summit, were plainly to be made out against the light azure of the sky over the horizon on the port bow. The topsails had not been long loosed when the tug let fall our tow rope, and went sweeping round away from us, leaving a clean, throbbing, seething arc of foam on the water, whilst her skipper flourishee a farewell to us form a paddle-box. The row that now followed put an end to conversation among us. The crew split themselves into several gangs; one dragged the hawser on to the forecastle, others sheeted home the topsails, others hoisted such jibs and staysails as remained to be set; every job was productive of a hoarse song, and these rude and harsh notes were mingled with the orders of Captain Pipes, the calls of the mates, and the occasional shrill whistling of the boatswain. I drew away from my companions, and stood looking with much interest at the busy scene that recalled my boyish experiences with a sharpness I had not found in them for many a long year. The crew seemed to work with a will, and sprawled about in true "lively hearty" style. To be sure they were new brooms, and should therefore sweep well. One after another the square sails were loosed and set, amid cries from the tops and crosstrees, and long drawn songs on deck. There was a rough music in the grinding of hempen running gear travelling over rattling sheaves in measured cadence with the voices of the men singing that was pleasant to listen to. It resembled nothing in the world that I could imagine, and was as much a portion of the ship as the ribs which framed her, or the planks which decked her. And pretty it was to witness the gradual growth of the canvas, like the shoulders of white clouds looking one over another; first the topsails, and then the top- gallant sails, and then the royals, with stay- sails between, and the spanker hollowing aft, and jibs curving from the masthead to the jibbooms, until the Silver Sea wore all her beauty, and the water tinkled along her bends like a ringing of little bells. The sun was to the westward of the south, and Pipes was steering the ship right into his flashing wake. Maybe the cheery old skipper would have preferred to give the helmsman a course that promised a wider offing, but the ship was close-hauled, every bowline taut, the lower yards against the lee rigging, and the utmost southing possible would not allow us to approach the Eddystone within 10 miles. 