JUDGE WILLIAMS'S MISTAKES. O An occasional contributor of the inter- 'colonial Christian Messenger fairly and -usefully sums up some of the most salient stupidities in the essay of Justice Wil liams on " Religion without superstition." A contributor to the Christian Mes senger, in reviewing Judge Williams' new book; "Religion Without Superstition;" says — "Mr. Williams states as facts : That Jesus was "continually discussing God " with His disciples (p. 5) ; that Jesus emphatically denies His deity in John x. 30-36 (p. 16) ; that the word ' redeemer ' is never once applied to Christ (pp. 18, 19), though its cognates are a dozen times ; that the evidence of the incarnation is only the merest flint iest hearsay, never mentioned during the lifetime of Jesus (p 38) ; that there is a ' striking paucity of testimony ' about His resurrection (p. 64), though a few days after it no fact was made more promi nent by witnesses ready to die in testi mony of it, and though Paul referred cavillers at Corinth, twenty years later on, to 500 witnesses, most of them still living. That when Jesus prayed three times in the garden, He used vain repeti tions like a heathen (p. 51) ; that most of the New Testament is written to single individuals (p.54) ; that ' they heard not the voice Or twm inau spu/ue tu y/o, 10 flat contradiction to ' hearing the voice but beholding no man' (p. 63); that Mark's biography is generally believed to have been the earliest (p. 31) ; that the genealogy in Luke (as in Matthew) is a preface , and not in the body of the nar rative (p. 31), although 155 verses pre cede it ; that Luke states that Elizabeth's was a miraculous conception, like Mary's (p. 34) — apparently confusing the two different utterances which contain the words 'the Holy Ghost ' ; that Luke also ' states that Jesus delivered the sermon on the plain, and came downer that purpose and that he stood while delivering it ' (p. 65), though Luke states nothing of the kind, and narrates a whole day's work of healing between the coming down and the speaking of the sermon ; that one evangelist places the crucifixion at the 'third hour, another at the sixth, and another at the ninth ' (p. 65), which is not so ; that the book of Isaiah is an almost unlrohen series of bowlings and and ravings (p. 59) : that the idea of per sonality, as applied to God, may well be cavilled at, nut is suneraoie ior conveni ence' sake (p. 90) ; and that Roman Catholic miracles have far stronger evi dence ' than any of the events or miracles' just mentioned, which events included the crucifiction, the visit to Jericho, the speaking of the Bermon on the mount, etc. (p. 66). The duty of a judge is to marshal the facts accurately, and the above are some of the things which Mr. Justice Williams has set forth as facts. "By a well-understood rule of evidence minor discrepancies among a number of independent witnesses are in favour of the evidence being true, more than if each testimony were an exact copy of the rest. Mr. Justice Williams, however, reverses the axiom. He is bitter against all minor discrepancies. He condemns for ever the inspiration of the record of the Sermon on the Mount, because one nar rator speaks of it as a given sitting, and another standing (p. 65), the latter being a misconception of the learned judge, and no statement of Scripture. The fact is, the judge has no sooner got the New Testament into Scourt than he takes a seat at the advocates' bar, and uses any means — a suppressio veri, a raising of a false issue, or a reckless daring assertion — like any barrister of the lowest stamp. He asserts that Jesus meant by His words 'I am the way,' I point out the way (p. 16). He thinks; that if Jesus were the son of a woman only, he committed moral evil in calling TTimafilf 'the son of man ' (p. 40). The -'Wist ye not', &c.;, waB the outcome of an ascetic sanctity existing already at twelve years old (p. 37) — this, and nothing more. He is anxious to show that all four evangelists believe Joseph to be the natural father.. Mark is in tractable, but he must be brought to it somehow. Again we ask the reader to \- keep in mind that our author is a judge; whose training is supposed to have prepared him, and whose duty it is to weigh evidence. The writer, Mark, be- 1 ' gins his narrative with ' J esus Christ, the Son of God.' In c. vi. he has these words : 'Is not this the carpenter— author's italics— -the son of Mary, the brother of James,' &c.; This, says the judge, is ' sufficient to show that ; ! . . ; JOBeph is described as his natural father' (p. 37). Evidence before the court in banco, re Mark, who never once mentions or alludes to Joseph ! A law-court will recognise the difference between a letter! and a legally- drawn document, a writers known habit, the external circumstances, previous facts known to both writer and receiver, &c; , in fact, anything that can fairly be brought in to show the inten tion of the parties. Justice' Williams has here no patience with the methods. It satisfies his judicial mind at once, if words can be taken away from all their surroundings and made to appear to contradict or agree with each other (pp. 14, 15 Gal. 18, 39, &c.;) The very honesty of the book infuriates him. Be cause it gives an honest account of David's great sin, instead of hushing it up, he sees nothing in the narrative but unmitigated ' filth.' If it be historic fact that there were twelve tribes in Israel, it may have historic importance to show their ancestry; but the chapter which shows this, naming the four mothers, Jacob's two wives and two concubines, and their children respectively, is to our prudish judge only another specimen of unmitigated ' filth.' It is to be hoped that his duties do not bring him in con tact with details that are sometime before the courts. We fear that he would swoon upon the spot, and so be incapacitated from weighing evidence. Metaphysicians crop up all through the book as objects of his aversion (pp. 24, 33, 38, 46, 52, 72, &c.;), and he seems in sweet simplicity nMAonD/n'nns fliof. tiol nfinn nf flinlirrltf. UUtUUQUlUUO UUUU UI1U 1U1WV1UU Vi VUVMgUV to language is a metaphysical question of the profoundest interest and importance in a right study of the New Testament. Mr. Justice Williams regards Paul as a visionary mystic who has done much harm by pretentious attempts to explain the religion of Jesus Christ, about which he knew very little (pp 25, 57, 74). Our judge would have sorted well with the critics of Corinth; except, when they tacked on to " his speech is of no account, but certainly his letters are weighty and strong," our judge would have replied, " Now there I differ — his letters are of less account than his speech. Why, . I proved all his chief doctrines to be super stitions iu half a moment." It did not take much longer time to write the' fol lowing judicial dicta: No san e thinking man can accept the New Testament as the inspired revelation of God " (p. 61). "had there been no Bible, man would have had just the same knowledge of God as he now possesses " (p. 85). The reader will remember that a trained judge is one who has to deal very closely and pillD8UvKlll|lj Wlull ullv lV/lv" Ul Wv'Unj and in view of this may be asked to read these dicta over again. The Court of Final Appeal iu the person of our modest judge lays down with the force of a rule of Court what the Living God ought to have done, and has neglected to do, if those doctrines had truth in them; there fore, the doctrines are not true (pp. 4, 5, II, 12, 28). He finds fine sport in the New Testament being sometimes literal and sometimes figurative. We must ad mit that awkward consequences might fol low if a judge were to construe a portion of a legal instrument figuratively. But surely there are sound canons of criticism applied in general literature which the Bible might be. allowed to have applied to it. These canons are by no means so uncertain as some seem to think. Even to attempt to apply them, in the view of our author, who becomes at times very jealous for the honour of the Scripture which he sneers at, is to fritter away plain words, to " twist, distort and hack" (p. 52). His book is built upon three negations — 1. That "sin" has no existence; 2, that human life has no tragic side ; 3, that the Will is riot the spiritual part of man. We fancy we have seen the argu ment against miracles put by Hume in more scholarly form. We discern nothing fresh in his argument for Unitarianisni, or rather psilanthropism, tlie more correct term, as Coleridge points out. The ex pression " My Father is greater than I," the judge much rests on, and he returns to it once and again. lo 'us' it is a note of divinity, for what religious young man, such and no more, unless insane or an impostor having a devil, would ever have thought of using such words ? The evi dence now adduced, out of a larger quan tity, is sufficient to show that his treat-; merit of them is unbefitting a judicial mind. - He is the unscrupulous- special pleader throughout. He betrays symp toms of what is termed in legal' phrase; malice prepense. Things' whichffie knows are regarded by many thinking fellow- men as sacred, which would deserve to bo sacred if they were but myths; are treated by him as fair game for the butt and the jibe. This is not the style of a man who seeks arid loves truth for ; itB: own sake. His best apology is that the incoherence of the book is due to haste. God is, in one place; 'the " Supreme," concerning ' whom or which- the use of the personal pronoun is only on sufferance ; in another he hopes for " the blessing of God " ,upon his book ! There is the same incoherence in his tastes. An affectation of delicacy on p. 42 ill accords with the needlessly obtruded grossnesses on pp. 30 and 32 ; and while on that of page 42 the grossness in the modo ofstating his argument would | befit, and be what we should expect, from an educated and religiously nurtured mau, who had fallen from the ranks into the society of the pot house and the stews. Like Mr. Justice Higinbotham in his well-known lecture, he once introduces a quotation from Coleridge ; but both ignore the fact that this great thinker was through every fibre of his being, and in all his writings, totally opposed to their views. Homecoming of the Cham pion. — Wollongong was en fete on Wednes day on the occasion of the return home of Beach, the champion oarsman. The town was decorated with flags and a great crowd greeted him on the wharf with cheers. The Mayors of threo local municipalities, with the reception committee, welcomed him back. An address of welcome was read by the Mayor of Wollongong. The local band lent their assistance to make the home-coming lively and bright, and a long cavalcade of carriages and horsemen followed the carriage which carried the champion and the Mayor of Wol longong to the Commercial Hall, whoro about U HUllUlwU guiiuimuuii yui bUUri \J L lUilOIJ) UI1U where toasts and complimentary speeches wero given with gUBto. Afterwards a largo number of people driving and riding accom panied Beach to Dapto, where ho was enthu siastically cheered. It is intended to invite him to a monster picnic at Lake Illawarra, und on that occasion present a handsome tes timonial to him. Route and Dynamite. — The oncourageraont which the Romish system of absolution and indulgences gives to crime is illustrated by an item in a private letter from London, which a friend has shown us. It is as follows : — " The last man arrested in con nection witli the Tower explosion was lodg ing for some time at a Roman Catholic book shop, 30 Great Prescot-streut, E., under the very shadow of a Roman Catholic Chapel." It is remarkable that the most infamous dynamiters and Phoenix-park and other Irish assassins have all been very devout Papists, from Guy Fawkes to O'Farrell, . and from O'Farrell to Caro.y, and to Cmininghame. Keeping Lent. — Three separate and independent eye witnesses relate to us a peculiar instance of clerical lent keeping in N.S.W. Last March two, priests were seen to emerge from the down passenger train at Mittagong and enter, tlie 'Refreshment Room. 'When sitting do wn thev were su DDlicd with soup and then 'with' ''.roust' beef, after 'whoso ' mastication they demolished two plates of boiled mutton, and after 'those, two more platos of roast; beef ; and what more they might have attempted is unknown, 'since' the bill for the departure, of the train "interrupted the feast. Now the question is, had the reverend gentlemen a special dispensation ? or did they transubstantiate the soil p: and beef and mutton into some viand not forbidden in Lent? The latter was Father Tom Ma- guire's method. Very Cheap. — The English Church man notices that "A Roman Catholic priest named Fazakerley, of Aberfurd, Leeds, Eng land, advertises in the Weekly Register th&t; he is prepared to offer " a special Mass at 8 every Wednesday morning — fifty-two masses in the year 1 — together with mementoes in all Masses of the week, and the prayers of two congregations," all for the small sum of one shilling a year! He certainly offers much for the money he demands. Hero ho offers to sell the body and blood of JeBiis Christ for money. Perhaps it would be well to suggest to the memory of Mr. Fazakerley who it was that first offered to sell the body of our Lord." Tlie Sons of the Prince of Wales on Colonial Scotch men. — It will bo remembered that Prince Edward and Prince George, sons of the Prince of Wales, visited the colonies some years ago. They acted as midshipmen on board the Bacchante, of which Captain Lord Chart 08 Scott was chief officer, and the Earl of Clauwilliam was admiral of the squadron. The foundation of the Queen's Statue at the top'of'Kirig-street was laid by Pritico Ed ward. Their diary has been published in the March number of the English . Illustrated Magazine.- -Here is an extract; ahd. it will give special sausracsion to ouoiemuou : jliiu Scotch are ' the beBt and most successful of emigrants. Half the most prominent among the statesmen of the Canadian Confederation, of Victoria, and Queensland, are born Scots, and all the great merchants of India are. of the same nation. Whether it is that the ' Scotch emigrants are for the most part men of bettor education than those of other nations, or. whether the Scotchman owes hisuniform success in every climate to his perseveranoe or his shrewdness, the fact remains that wherever abroad you come across a Scotch man you invariably find him prosperous and respected in calculating contentment ; and with a strongbanded, open-hearted hospi tality that no words can render adequate thanks for. To como in contact only with such colonists is morally healthgiving." Scottish Reformation So ciety. — The anuual meeting: was hold on .the 9 ill March. In respect to RoraaniBin the report stated, that taken in the aggregate, Rome was not gaining, but losing. Doubt less, she was gaining in Britain, but she waB losing greatly on the Continent of. Europe. A reference was made to 'the 'pastoral letter of the Pope to the clergy and laity of Ame rica, in which parents were exhorted to have prayers and Bible meetings once a day. liomels antipathy to the Written Word was woll known, for it would, as the people camo to understand it, lead in tho ond to the utter destruction of Romanism. What could it moan ? It lookod like a masterstroke ; it had the appearance of a duop design, : nd was intended, doubtless, to prolong the existence to '.the Roman cause and to shut the mouths of enemies. The report was further devoted of Protestant instruction in classes, the object of which was to stimulate and encourage the young to study for thenisulveB, a subject which very deeply concerned the highest interests of their country and their religion. Commenting on the report Sir John Don Wanchope said it was a monstrous thing that irresponsible people should be allowed to shut up for life in convents young girls, who were anxious to get out of them. The motion of Mr. Newdegate for the inspection of these places ought to bo accepted by the British legislature. The College of Maynooth was little better than a hotbed of sedition. A motion was carried in which it was resolved to support the Society in its efforts to resist the advancement of Romanism, as a system alike dishonouring to God, and ruinous to the best interest of mankind, by the use of all legitimate means. Interesting to " Tlie Guild of St. Lawrence."- Lord Plunkett, i>18nop OI liltittiii) UU9 uruuftiin uuwu upvu himself the wrath of the Scottish Guardian by saying, at a meeting recently held at Belfast, that " in the old Church of Spain, that existed centurieB before Rome intruded into that country, they used a liturgy of their own, in which the minister, when consecrating the elements, stood facing the people, behind the table, and there broke the bread in front of the people. So- the poor Protestants of MoniBhol were resolved to go back to the old paths, and instead of having an altar against the wall, they would have a table in the centre of the room." It is worthy of notice that the position of the Lord's Table, away from the east wall of the church, is legal in the Church of England. The rubric orders that it " shall stand in the body of the church, or chancel and in the " body of the church," away from chancel wall and chancel, it frequently stood down to the period when Archbishop Laud began to trouble tho Church of England. In the "Lifo of Archbishop Laud," written by his chaplain, Dr. Heylin, it is recorded that when Laud was appointed Dean of Gloucester in_ 1616, he found in Gloucester Cathedral the Communion Table standing almost in the midst of tho quire but that he speedily caused it to bo removed to the east wall of the chancel. Dr. Miles' Smith, then Bishop of Gloucester, was so offended, says Heylin, that " ho sooner had he heard what the new Dean had done about the Communion Table than he expressed his dislike to it, and opposed it with all the power he had ; but finding that he could not prevail according unto his de- eirna Via ia anin fn liawo nnt/i tlia Dean, and some of the prebends, that if the Communion Table wore removed, or any such innovations brought into that Cathedral, he would never como more within those walls, which promise or protestation he is said by some to have made good, and not to have come within that church to his dying day." (Book I., p. 44, ed. Dublin, 1719.) The R. C. Viceroy Failure.— The Times (Indian) Correspondent says : — "While, however, the public look to the future without apprehension, and with full confidence in Lord Dufferin, they do not fail to. recognise how greatly his difficulties were increased by his predecessor's apathy in the in the Afghan frontier question. Without going back to the period of the evacuation of Caindahar, it is a fact thut at least a year ago Lord Ripon was warned in the clearest terms by his military advisers. But he would never allow the smallest precautions to be taken. If, instead of shirking tho question, he had boldly faced the situation, even so recently as last summer, the chanceB are that Russia would never have ventured to put forward her present preposterous claim. It is right that tho British public should know whore to fix the responsibility for the difficulties and dangers that may arise." Lord Ripon. a Roman Catholic, was appointed by Mr. Gladstone, in his policy of giving sops to popery, to represent a Protestant Queen in the highest position in the gift of the British Crown, and, notwithstanding lavish oxpen- - diture and desporate efforts for popularity, uuiu x.iiuu »uo u itlMUIO US ilU JUIlgllBll Vice- loy but a great success as faithful servant of a foreign pope in encouraging popery. In nearly all Mr. Gladstone's numerous popish appoint ments whether in Ireland or in the colonies where His. Excellency Pope Hennessy's name is held in such bad odonr the snme , thing is found. 'It is. well for India and England that the Government have now passed into Lord Dufferin's able bands. He .will serve his Queen and country faithfully whether the foreign Pope likes it or not and very likely he may be able to rectify the mistakes of his predecessor. who in assisting the spread of popery and encouraging the immigration of popish monkish orders, and obeying the be hests of the Pope, has done so much to get England into a. mess. The Almighty seems always to punish England as soon" as she departs from the path of Protestantism- 