VANE THE SHAM. j (Concluded. - CHAPTERIIL In the middle of the night, when, the whole rillage was wrapped in sleep, there came a sudden sound of roaring flames, a noise of crackling timbers, a strange ruddy glare which tinged the whitewashed walls of every cottage red as blood, and from house to house there rang from the startled labourers the terrible cry of fire! Half dressed, with boots unlaced, and heavy with the week's aceummulation of Midiandshire clay, many hatlefca, all coatless, the frightened clumsily shod mob of farm laboureis chattered noisily up the lane, where some three hours previously they bad parted from the swartbyvieaged stranger, and there found 1 Barn Abbey all in a fierce blaze. Handy water supply there was none, for Vane Tresham had npon sanitary grounds long since filled up the big pond which originally existed as a breeding place for frogs and fevers at the reac ol the-house. But at that stage of the fire, even had they a lake to draw upon, with their lackof engines and other appliances, the villagers saw at once that it was useless to attempt to save the place: The building was old, the woodwork was worm eaten and dry as touchwood, and the flames had got ft>r too strong a hold upon every room to render it possible that so much as_ a chair or table could be preserved. Higher and higher the angry flames leaped, until all the country side for miles around was lighted up, and- Madge Harcourt's fair fact was scorched in the fierce heat aa she stood' upon the lawn watching the fire with J her fathei and a little knot of bib parishioners. So lor half an hour the work of destruction went on, and then there came a mighty crash, and a .great fountain of sparks went darting upward to the lurid clouds, as tbe red-tiled root fell in, and a short "tune after all that there 3tood left of Barn Abbey was a square of smokirg walls, through whose black and empty windows could be seen a smouldering heap of burnt furniture within. Then there came the" enquiry—" Where was ' mad.' Tresham ? No one had seen him during the progress of the fire, aud in the excitement of the hour had never thought of asking after him. It is true the Rector had wondered for a moment why he had not joined the little group of which Madge and himself were the centre, but no doubt he was busy somewhere amongst the crowd endeavouring to save some few treasures of his priceless collection. Tbe labourers, on the other'hand, had they given the subject a thought, would have supposed Tresham to be with the Rector's party. But now the enquiry went np on every side—" Where was 'mad' Tresham ? -Who had Been Mr. Tresham ?" The cold grey light of dawn, alas, told only too truly that no one was ever again to see him .; for in that charred heap,-scarcely recognisable as a once human body, lay all that was left of the Rector's old -mend,-and according to the villagers' belief,- Madge's stately lover. Vane Tresham had been burnt to death. With a strange mixture of fear, awe, and reverence, the men Who now saw in this terrible end their worst superstitions suspicions fulfilled, quietly lay a blanket over the poor little bandfol of cinders, and gave the half-melted blackened circle of gold which had once been Vane Tresham'a big sapphire rise to Miss Marjory, Of course there was an inquest, and equally, of course, the first person enquired for was the mysterious .swarthy -' faced stranger, whose presence in the village that Saturday night had. been the theme of wondering speculation. amongst the Barley Mow; convives. There was no difficulty in finding Him—he was passing the Sunday at one of the inns in the neighbouring town of Witherbridge, where on the following evening he was announced to give an entertainment of an intellectual character in the local Mechanics' Institute. Directly he learnt the news of the fi e at Barton, therefore, he calmly walked round to the Police Station and gave in his name as a witness whose evidence would certainly be required —" not^ however, that he had mnch to tell." So there was no little stir in the big Clubroom of tbe Barley Mow, where the Coronet sat, when the policeman called the name of San JostS: whereupon the stranger stepped up to the table and was sworn. ' He described himself as San Tosi Treshas, a Mexican by birth, mesmerist, electro- - biologist, spiritualist, and mind-reaaer. "Trie devil?' muttered the Coroner under bis breath—not, however, as adding another title to the witness's four, but as an involun* tary expression of surprise at the revelation just made with regard to his surname. But Jabez Snodgers, one of the jury, wbo sat very near to the Coroner and overheard his ejaculation, took it in its literal sense, and eaid to himself " There! wot did I saay ? I wish we woz all well out o' this; the very oye of him ma-a-kes my flesh creep !" Said the witness—" The deceased was my father, though he did not know of my existence ; and I never saw him until the night of bis death. Then, for the firat time in our lives, we met. My -mother was a Mexican, -fthom the deceased married at a little ,&onvent; Church near Puebla de los Angeles thirty years ago. It war a clandestine marriage, for my mother's people would have killed her English husband had they known him to be such. The -deceased was then, I have heard my mother Bay, a wonderfully handsome man, and in appearance about thirty-five years of age. He told her privately, however, before their marriage that he was in reality fifty. They lived very happily in Bach other's love for a couple of months, though of course all their meetings were secret for fear of discovery by my mother's people before their arrangements were completed for flight from Santa Cruz. "Where's that there'plaace?" enquired Jabez Snodgers, scratching his poll. " Port in Gulf o' Mexico," replied Fortune Spindle from the other side of the table, " if you see what I mean." " Jesso," sententiouBly remarked the Coro ner, " order, gentlemen !" "The deceased," continued the witness, " was then engaged in collecting data about the legendary nidden cities of Yucatan, and in the course of his investigations was compelled to take a long and perilous jonmev into the mountains. He was absent from Puebla de los Angeles nearly six months, and upon his return immediately sought the old priest, who had been their friend all through, to enquire after the welfare of the Donna Juamta, my mother. The Padre was away at San Cristobal. My father, the deceased, hurried back to Puebla and made enquiries himself at the house of his bride's father. They told him she was dead, and that night as he wandered disconsolate in the cemetery outside the city, searching for my mothers tomb, a hired assassin plunged a dagger into his side and left him for dead upon a newly made grave, ' " But the story of my mother's death was a lie concocted by my grandfather in his rage at the discovery of what he considered his daughter's disgrace. As to wbo hired the assassin I have nothing to say. It is not necessary to my evidence here. " Umph," said the Coroner with a doubtful cough. Well, at any rate," continued the witness, "it did not cause the death of the deceased, for after a severe bout of fever, in which he was secretly nursed by the good old Padre, he gradually recovered his strength, and was one day quietly moved down to Santa Cruz and snipped back again to Europe. That day I was born." "Ahem," said the Coroner, "this is—er, a most—I may say an uncommonly romantic family history. Mr.—er—San Jose Tresham, but what can you tell us about the/re?" "It's like a book out of Miss Marjory's lib'ry," whispered Jabez Snodgers to fellow jurymen, " one o' them there yaller back norvals, it ma-a-kes my Sesh creep." "What light can you show upon the fire, witness?" repeated the Coroner. "I will onward with my tale and conclude as briefly as I may, Mr. Coroner," answered San Jos<<. ".My mother died when I was fifteen years old., apd on her deathbed told me the secret of ner life. Since then I have wandered all over the western half of the world, for the past seven years lecturing as a spiritualist and mind-reader. Desirous of learning something about my father, whom I haa always supposed to be long since dead, and hearing that he had once resided in this neighbourhood, I came down to tbis village last Saturday night, and found to my surprise, from the conversation of the very highly intelligent company assembled at the Barley Mow, that my father was still in the flesh. No sooner had we separated (bowing to Jabez Snodgers, wbo shuffled his feet uneasily beneath the table and seemed to be calling up remembrances of the stranger's laugh)—no sooner had we parted than I walked straight np to the door of the first bouse I came to, which proved to be that of Barn Abbey, I think you call it, with the view of enquiring Vane Tresham'a abode. My father came to the door himself; I knew him in a moment from the miniature which hung around my mother's neck as she lay in her coffin, and immediately the light of his lamp shone .npon my face he started back with a stifled, gasping cry as if he had seen a ghost. " Juanita!" said he. " No," said I, " Juanita's son. At last we meet, my father!" " I cannot, I will not believe it," said he. " Go. No, stay. She—she is dead ?" " Fourteen years ago," said L " Fourteen ?" said he. " Ah, now I know you lie ; she died full thirty yean ago." " You weredeceived,"I answered; and then he waved his hand aa a signal for me to enter his house, and there in his study we sat talking fora full hour ; but he seemed dazed, and though I should imagine him to have "been a paiticularly bright, clear-headed man at ordinary times, especially for one of his years, " Remarkably so," interposed the Coroner. " Ah ! but my presence and unexpected news evidently had startled him; he was confused and hazy and dull of perception. I had to tell him the story of my mother's death three times over, and even then he scarcely appeared to understand it. At last he roBe, ana said,' You had better go now. I cannot ask you to stay here to-night, you are voung and strong, and the walk to Witherbridge is nothing to one of your age—and I am used to liviQg alone.' Ana then, with some show of warmer feeling, he took mv hand, and looking me straight in the eyes, with a sad sort of smile, he said, 'don't think me lacking in hospitality or fatherly feeling, but the tale you have told me to-night is so strange that I must have time to think it over. Good night. Now go, and come again to me with your papers to- morrow.' I accordingly left him and reached the vVheatsheaf Inn, Witherbridge, just as the clock was striking midnight. I remember noticing as I left his study, that the wood fire upon the open hearth was still bright, ' and made up as though to burn for some two or three hours longer." Here ended the evidence of San Jos£ Tresham, and he, thereupon, resumed his The landlord of the Wheatsheaf, Witherbridge, confirmed the last witness's statement as to the hour of his arrival at that hostelrie, and the mysterious mesmerist, electrobiologist, spiritualist, and mind-reader was perforce acquitted of having had any hand in the fire, although the Jury had entertained very strong suspicions of him previous to the recital of his personal narrative. Medical testimony it seemed almost useless to call, since the condition to which the body Was reduced rendered it impossible for any dpctor to state positively at what hour death bad taken place, but bearing in mind the normal activity of tbe deceased, his qnickness of movement, his readiness of resource and his great physical strength and endurance, it seemed impossible that he could have been quietly burnt to death in his chair without a struggle to escape. Besides, he was not a man accustomed to fall asleep over bis books or papers, but even had such been his habit,' it was not at all likely that he would have given way to the weakness after such a recital as that to which he had lately been a listener. No, as the medical man opined and as the Coroner coincided, the probability was that Vane Tresham, thoroughly unstrung and dangeronsly excited by the startling nature of the news imparted to him by his son, had sat up for some time deeply pondering over the strange story, and about' 2 o'clock had been suddenly seized with a fit, and fallen into the fire, there to be burnt to death, and be the means of all his household's gods being burnt about him to 'form his funeral pyre. The Jury, therefore, were not long in arriving at tbeir verdict of death by the visitation of God, though Jabez Snodgers alwayB afterwards affirmed that in his opinion the visitation was by quite a different Personage. So Vane Tresham died, and was buried, and' San Jo«6 Tresham bis son went his way,' mesmerising and mind-reading, and was seen ho more in those parts. And the last clerical dnty'which the good J&ector; ever performed'was to read the burial fetvice over the grave of his old friend; for a cold caught the night. of the fire settled on his chest, inflammation of the lungs speedily Set in, and in ten short days he too had joined the great majority, and with Vane Tr&hain; had solved the wondrous secret which they twain bad in life so frequently discussed and vainly speculated about. Madge, therefore, suddenly found herself deprivid of both father and companion, and possessed in lieu thereof of comparative Wealth—for Vane Tresham's will, which for. many years had been lodged with the WitherDiidge solicitor, bequeathed alt his rehl and personal estate to /'my dear tmd well-beloved friend, Maijonr Harcodrt." And the Sector also .left all. his personal estate—some £10,000 , in'the Funaa-j-to his daughter: his son Cuthbert receiving! the small real estate,--and being otherwise fairly well provided for by his mother's portion and a respectable legacy from a bachelor uncle. - Cuthbert and Madge were therefore called npon to lay out some plan 'of their future lives. For three or four months after the Rector's death Madge lived with her brother at Crauford Grange, and then in the May following Cuthbert sold his farm to the Earl's steward, who had long looked, .upon it as a Naboth'e Vineyard ; and he and Madge (engaged their passage for Australia with a view to embarking in the enterprise of sheepfarmlng. Fortune Spindle, who, like ' Othello, found his occupation gone now that his old .patron, the Rector, was dead and a sew King had arisen who knew not Joseph— 'if you eaw what he meant*—had for a snort time been assisting Cuthbert Harcourt with his accounts, and at his and Madge's invitation gladly agreed to accompany them to Sydney.^ Thus, on their last Sunday in England, they Ail three attended the familiar old Barton Church, ami after "the dose of the service, es they walked dosratheaisle, they turned at the oaken door to take one farewell look at the twa white marble tablets, newly erected on either side of the great north window—the one on the right— in loving memory of The- BEv. GWYNXETH HARCOURT, M.A., for SO years Rector of this Parish, who died 27th November, 1S80, aged 61. the other, on the left, simply— In memoriam VANE TRESHAM, died 17th November, 1380. CHAPTER IV. The events which led to Cuthbert and Madge Harcourt taking the step narrated at the close of the last chapter may be briefly told. Cuthbert had an old college chum in New South Wales, who had written to him early in the new year-recommending him, if he could raise the requisite capital, to go oilt to the mother of the Australian Colonies aud put his money into a sheep station, instead of pottering along in Miolaudshire experimenting with phosphates, -guano, and banedust, and wasting his substance not exactly in riotous living, but in that which the cant phrase of the day calls scientific farming. To a man with a liking for a country life, no particular ties to keep him iu England, a knowledge of sheep and cattle, and a few thousands at his command, an unusually favourable opportunity was moreover now open. . A young fellow, owner of one of the best runs in the Warrego district—well stocked, well watered, and most completely fenced—had some little time back sustained a mysterious mental blow in the shape of a sunstroke, which rendered him totally unfit to look after his business, and made it absolutely necessary for him to take in a partner. Full particulars of the station accompanied the letter, and pending inspection Cuthbert Harcourt telegraphed out to the agents to give him the first refusal of the partnership. On arriyal in Sydney everything was found satisfactory, and it only remained for Harcourt toj personally go over the run and inspect the stock in order to conclude' the business. Madge in the meantime stayed with some clerical friends who had known the Rector in bygone days, and Fortune. Spindle accompanied his young master to the run. The pronerty fully bore out everything that had Been said of it, and September 1 saw. the legal documents signed, and Cuthbert Harcourt embarked in his new career as an Australian squatter, and part owner with Cecil Armstrong of the Mount Verity Run. Nothing very definite , could be learnt by the Harcourts of Cecil Armstrong's seizure. All that the agents could tell was the stoiy as narrated to them by the overseer upon the station, since dead. It appeared that on the morning of November 17, 1880, the day of poor Vane Tresham's death, Cecil Annstrong had ridden out to look at a well being sunk in a paddock some twenty miles from the head station. It was a blazing hot day, and he had complained at breakfast of a pain in the head, and of feeling generally out of sorts. Soon after noon his horse came galloping back to the headstation riderless, and the overseer, filled with apprehension, immediately rode forth upon the tracks, and soon found his young employer lying to all appearances dead beside a clump of saltbush. Br this time a terrific hot wind was blowing like a blast from the furnace of King Nebuchadnezzar, "heated one seven times more than it was wont to be heated"—the rays of the sun—a molten globe in the midst of a brazen, burning Bky, came darting down like arrows tipped with fire, tbe air was filled with scorching, blinding clouds of sand, and so fierce was the glare, and so blazing the heat, that it was difficult for horse or man to breathei " Sunstroke," said the overseer ; " dead as a door nail, sure as my name's Jack Robinson" (which it wasn't by the way). Taking off his Baddle he placed it on the ground so as in some degree to shade his employer's head from the sun, and galloped bareback to the head station for assistance and restoratives. They soon got the young squatter home, but for many a long hour he lay unconscious between life and death, and when at last he showed some faint signs of returning animation it was quite evident that his mind was wandering, if not completely gone. Although, owing to good medical treatment by a young doctor, lately settled in the ten. mile distant bush town, and careful nursing by the overseer's kind-hearted wife, Cecil Armstrong gradually recovered his wonted health and strength, still, his brain never seemed to awaken out of the condition of stupor into which it had fallen. From that fateful 17th of November his mind was a blank as to all his previous existence. He remembered nothing, absolutely nothing, of what had occurred beforie ; his very name, his childhood, boyhood, manhood, all the varied experiences and joys and sorrows which go to make up life, were utterly forgotten by him; his past was as though it had not been ; it clearly seemed to his dimly conscious brain as if he had really been born into the world on that 17th of November. Yet many of his mental faculties were as bright as erst; he could read and write aud converse upou the current topics of the times as they arose from day to day as clearly and as intelligently as ever. It was in his memory of the past only where he was entirely at a loss. He remembered nothing about his station arrangements or engagements, how he came to be there, nor who he was. Had he dropped' from the clouds and suddenly found himself an Australian squatter be would have known just as much about it. Hence, especially after the overseer's untimely death, the immediate need of a reliable, honest partner. Such, then, was the condition of Cecil Armstrong when Cuthbert and Midge Harcourt took up their residence at Mount Verity. For the rest, he was a well-built good-looking young fellow enough, with brown curling hair and beard, and eyes andmouth whose expression of melancholy, evidently of but recent growth, seemed to ill-accord with the naturally laughing twinkle of the former, and humorous lines oi the latter feature. He was a gentleman—of that there could not be a doubt—his style . was irreproachable, and his manners particularly .charming. This was of course a great comfort to Madge, who, to tell the truth, had looked forward with some little apprehension and dismay to .living in the same house ,ahd upon the terms of daily intercourse with this new partner. As it fortunately turned out, however, nothing could have proved Imore pleasant in every way than the arrangement made, and before a week was passed Cecil Armstrong and "Miss Marjory" were warm friends. It is needless to say thai Madge's innate delicacy, prevented her from directly questioning Armstrong upon the subject of his strange mental kuosyneracy, and yet it was almost impossible to avoid touching upon the matter--in the- coarse : of their frequent conversations. Naturally her womaniy curiosity often tempted her to learn more of the &etual; facts of the case, and with the highest and best resolves in the world she could hardly help occasionally trenching upon the xlebstable ground. In short bhe quite as often -as not did so from mere inadvertence us from deliberate intent. However, Madge need have felt po scruples, since the -very- thing Armstrong was longing for more than another was a sympathetic soul to whom' he cbuld confide all his bewildering mental' doubts and speculations—one wbo would aid him in clearing away the thick clouds which obeenred his memory of the past, 'and Would assist him in understanding, or to Tinflnrgtn.Ti^i mysterious impressions, the vague, shadowy dreams which were constantly flitting through his wondering brain. Jostsucha congenial spirit did he find in Miss Maajory, - and before a month had past by he had [himself broached the subject which IVIadge had so carefully shunned, and told her all his in' most thoughts and Inexplicable fancies. More especialiywashe deeply moved and troubled in his mind on the fateful 17th November, the anniversary of his seizure, and, as Madge only too well remembered, of podr yfrne Treshanfa tragic death. He was restlera and'pertnr&edln; spirit all day and scarcelycared to stiroqtof the house, and Madge' did her best to soothe him by singing 1 some of her old Ehglish~l>a[la<la, for which her low, sweet voice was admirably adapted. In onteof the intervals of'the music Cecil Armstrong rose from the couch aud wandered' aimlessly to the window, where, after gazing out fora few minutes'with a fixed, puzzled egression, he suddenly turned and &ait;,~ " Miss Maijory!" " Y-es^" said Madge. . .. — "Miss Marjory,: 1—I know it's awfully, foolish fnd incomprehensible and that sort ia ' thing, but I can't get the motion out of my mind that I am not the same man I was before fast 17th November. . Isn't: there a philosophy, or something of that-eort» called - yoa.know? Upon myword'i'ifi^ve I tooli a new lease of life ay ear ago, and-neither in soul, spirit, nor mind am now the -old Cecil Armstrong, but some other ^^beingi" Madge Btattte&L; :Why, J ^Ins-was dear old Vane Tresham' l s favourite ^feory, the subject npon which he was-for «v«r -harping.--It - might almost be himself talking again, and do what she would Madge could scarcely ~ resist a cold shudder. "-You remind me of a dear, ..dear friend, a grand old gentleman whom we knew in England, when -you talk like that," said she. Cecil Armstrong was strangely interested. - " Tell me about him J" excitedly, said he. " He waB burnt to death a year ago to-day.' 1 "To-day!" " Yes. It is a sad story- Lcannottell ft • now j to-morrow, perhaps"—and Madge^ left the piano and walked out of the room quietly weeping, for the recalling of .the old days at home bad also brought back memories of the dear dead father and the happy, happy evenings at the Rectory and Bain Abbey. That same evening Cuthbert, Madge, and Cecil Armstrong drove across to the little bush township, - where a -certain- Professor Angela was advertised to give an entertainment of mesmerism and mind-reading. Fortune Spindle also accompanied them. _ Said Fortune on the road to the township, " l)o you remember that San Jos£ down at Barton, Miss Maijory? He was a queer 'un, he was, if you see what I mean." "I remember reading about him in the aper, Fortune, but I never saw him, you Enow. What a strange thing it would be if this is the same man. " Not at all likely, Miss Marjory. These mesmerists spring up like mushrooms and as quickly disappear, il you Bee what I mean. Ah ! he was a queer 'un, he was, poor Jabez Snodgers, be considerably startled him, and that's a fact. And to think he was Mr. Tresliam's son after alL Wonderful!" The world, as has been frequently aforetime averred,-ia a small place, ana people are continually running up against each other in the most unlikely parts of it, therefore it was not altogether surprising that Professor Angelo should after all turn out to be San Jos€ Tresham. Fortune Spindle knew bim directly he appeared upon the platform, and whispered the lact to MISB Marjory. The mesmerist had not altered in the least, the same sparkling black eye, the same fiercely curling moustache, _the same cynical, sneering mouth-and saturnine .smile. Madge thought that if-he were like his mother, and he certainly did not bear any resemblance to Vane Tresham, then Juanita must have been a very unpleasant'-looking ladyr But perhaps this was prejudice. The performance proceeded after the customary fashion, and was, to tell the truth, somewhat slow, buttheProfesaorundoubtedly possessed remarkable powers. At last^ fixing his eye npon Cecil Armstrong, he invited him to take a seat npon the platform. Whether it were so or not Madge felt it difficult to decide, but it certainly appeared to her as if Cecil Armstrong had lost all power of will and was completely under the influence of the mesmerist. Without-lookto the right or left, or hesitating for one single moment, he rose and walked straight np to the platform and sat down in the indicated ehair. Professor Angelo, or San Jos£, then made the usual passes, and Cecil Armstrong commenced to murmur in a low far-off. Sort of voice. "I see," said he, "a long rambling old building; -there is a lawn in front, with a Ing elm*tree in the centre. Mr. Harcourt is there, and his sister, and an elderly gentleman with white hair who looks like a clergyman and—and—I cannot understand it, but i seem to be there too—an old, old man, in a violet velvet jacket, and I am playing the violin"—rand here he suddenly broke ofif and rising swiftly to his feet he seized a common public-house fiddle which lay upon the table, and (although be knew not a note of music) he drew such thrilling, soul-stirring tones from the cheap craoked instrument tnat the audience were entranced. Rising and falling, wailing and crying, now a low mournful requiem, then a spirit-stirring paasn of praise, and filling. a3l the tawdry little hall with a flood of the most exquisite harmony. Even the cynical San Jos6 himself was astonished and stood as one thunderstruck*-* when suddenly there was a cry and a sadden commotion in the body of the room. Miss Mariory had fainted and was being carried out by ner brother and Fortune Spindle. OutBide, the weather had changed, the air was cold and damp, and soon revived poor Madge. The horses were speedily put in, and Cuthbert was anxious to start with his sister for home, especially as there was talk of a heavy thunderstorm in the bills,- and a big flood coming down the Bond* Bon da Creek. But Cecil Armstrong ooold not be found, in the sudden stir airising from Madge's swoon—caused by the awful reveation, as it seemed to her excited brain, hat this indeed was none other than the piritof Vane Thresh am himself, Is the body of Cecil Armstrong, he, Armstrong, had somehow got missed. Several people standing round, however, said they had seen him walking rapidly down the road towards Mount- Verityy aad 'Cntbberti therefore, little anxiety prepared tofollowi They saw- nothing, of him on the way, and' Cuthbert after a>mile or two decided to turn back. Once again reaching the township- > they renewed their enquiries for their missing, i friend, but-coold learn nothing new* Starting homewards once more Cuthbert drove slowly, and frvqueatly.puiled up and cooeed, but always without-any response. At lastthey reached the- Bunda Bunda Creek;, and found it ; coming down a "banker." There was nothing, therefore, to he -done but either, to drive round the bend a-couple of miles fmlherdown, and a nasty ford even.. At' that, or return for the second time to the township. They decided i to adopt the former coarse, and soon arrived • atihe bend in- question. By this-time the-clouds had passed away, to the southward, and the f«ll moon was shining, overhead, and making ail the country, aimost-as light as day.. - - Carefully, guiding the horses down the steep and. rocky incline to the creek, and bidding Madge hold on tight and not be frightened, giving also' like injunctions to. Fortune Spindle, who sat behind, Cuthbert. prepared to cross. " At the edge of the water the horses gave a sudden swerve, and near]} capsized the buggy into the roaring flood below. Tbey had shied-at some.- dark objectcaught in the limb of an old gumtree which projected- over a/whirling pool some, few feet . lower down, the cieek;- • — . " MyXiod!" cried Cuthbert, aghast, "it is Armstrong," How-she held the frightened horses Madge never knew, but hold them she did,, whue: Cuthbert and Fortune Spindle got the body, out of the.waterhole, .and lifted ut jipan the. rocky bank. He was dead';.'.there he lay with <hts -white - face upturned to the cold moon, whose bright beams played and sparkled on a higjapphire : ring upen his third, finger, which no bnebod ever seen there,before, and which, was tb) exact counterpart of that once worn by. Vans Tresham: —-- - - -•- - ikElJS TU FOL Vend^eisthe refuge of what' remains, of or rather , the >ight Divine \- . „ sautry, As, a rule the old nobility are devotees of,this, faith. This is how tne anniversary, of -the .' execution of Louis XVL is kept.-in the. village of Urmeao. The eve ot the anniversary the tcwn.-£rier—who in J&aooe; calls attention .by means of a _drum—is draped in black crape, and his dram is muffled. JSe is. ' accompanied 1>y an individual embodying tbeT pld guard of Charette. : The4atter ! 8-hafc;eon- • sists of a very large brimi., his. is in coarse cloth, on which'a crdss to. coloured silk has been J_ worked." He carries a long stick, symbol of, the. only arms that the peasants . had' When, they attacked the Republicans «tnd their bat- • teries, carrying all before them as if a bayonet, charge. After «ich toll of the itoim the £ciec . announces—'"Tb-morrow, &tl0; o.plopk.in the;, morning,, there will-be a minion at the— Church to pray and weep as-aa«xputum. for the deaftlrot-thlB martyr King.-"-' - 1, - - "'-' • That announcement, alone'causes- tears to. fall feelingly and fast amppg the. bystanders, who slowly retire to their cabins urudneor ~ and silencei Theordin&ry.; viUagfrg&theclligs;, and local chants are for the evening po'ned. Eaeh Either-passes his 'timeraMihg; to Ma (children the lustory of £he reracitie ;' the captjvity of the King in the^emini^. the sublime devotion of the. Queen. .Marie ^Antoinette v-the touching resignation -of. -the- King's sister, Madame Elisabeth; -the heartbreaking separation be twee ir the King and, and his family; the fidelity of -Cifoy,. ' his sole valet; the attitude of Louis at the bar of the ABsemblyl belore his "sub ject«, bis judge8, and his executionera f the. eloquence and courage of bit conwat, This, recital is generally followed by the natural question n Why did abt Iia Vendue fly to, arms, pending the captivity of the: King ?"- The reply is ever the same " We have wilL avenged nis blood on battle-fields, but.could, nos prevent its flowing: on the -scaffold, anidL we felt certain even the most-factions, would, not have dared to immolate thB noblest, and. best of KingB, the first and most jsut. ot Frenchmen-!'- - Till tnidnight the Church , bell tolls its, dirge, in minute notes; in the morning the: intervals between each toll are longer. As. the hour of the ceremony approac&e;* all work is suspended; in tne fields and the cattle sheds the eileoce is diwnal; tbs, roads are deserted; in each hamlet the family, dressed ia mourning, is. awaiting, the hour when the' service is to commence. The bell gives that signal, and'then the inhabitants-proceed to. .the Chnrckin a. pro,- cession, there occupying their aocastomed. places, save that on tbis occasion all the old men- croup themselves in the centre of that building, having at their rides all the lads, aged -between 10 and 15. There is no luxurious decoration of the "Church; ' no drapery; no magnificent . catafalque nq candelabra shedding green and yellow lights. All is modest and simple.- The walls of the Church have for decoration numerous, marks of cannon balls, the.whiteness caused by th& with the natural colours of-then and^green by .time. ~ : It is the custom of the Church to have aa catafalque a plain oaken coffin kept'in and vault, and which does duty. for all ranks In. conditions of men—for «very age, the common to both sexes, whenever anand Memoriam Mass is to be celebrated, T The' coffin is now surrounded by shrubs, reared in-the hot-bouses oi gome-of tbe neighbouring chateaux; but the flowers arethe products specially reared in the cabins for the occasion ; the -villagers -also furnish the oaadles, having for. -hekletsjpikea that had done good work in their day. On the coffin is placed, for-this ceremony only, the Crtrwn borrowed: from the 'statue of the -Virgin Mary, and whichis taken, down and put Jtack_into its place by the rosUre of the village." After the celebration of the Mass, in which the congregation join with reverence, the clergyman retires to change his sacerdotals; then in a simple white surplice he asoends the pulpit, not to preach a sermon or deliver a homily, but to- read before his sobbing auditory "the will of Louis XVL to the French nation," where the King demands pardon from any person whom he may have ~ offended through inadvertence, as he forgives all his enemies, and bequeaths all his property, Ms clothes, his watch, his purse\tnere was nothing in it), and the few books he had while in prison to his faithful valet, C16ry. That was the total of the propertvpossessed by the great-grandson of Louis XIV.—the Sun King. The reading of that testament constitutes the sole -funeral -oration. - After-a—shortpause, left to. the congregation for mental., reflection and weeping, they pass into the vestry to deposit their donations for the poor. Hie rich inhabitants who cannot attend never omit• to. send offerings; and every village- family, lollowing the example -of-KjBglSfc^OBis, has at bistable daring the evening some '-manber of the .indigent immunity. : • • •' . r 