FROM CANTON to Um CHINESE CAMP, j (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORltESl'OKDEM.) A stranger would hardly expect to find so large a township here, for one may be fairly acquainted with general geography without having heard of Fatshan and yet it is about as large as Birmingham or Leeds, and is almost as important to South China as those towns are to Britain. It has a river frontage of at least five miles, and supports a population of from three to five thousand souls. The name Fatshan means Buddha's Mount, and indicates that centuries ago this was an important centre of the Buddhist propaganda. It suffered severely during the Taiping rebellion, 30 years ago. It is said that 200,000 people perished here, and the greater part of the town was burned to the ground. Fatshan has, however, risen from its ashes, little the worse for the ordeal. A large number of people are here employed in weav- ing silk and cotton-of course, with hand looms. Almost as many are engaged in the manufacture of various kinds of hardware for the markets of Canton and other Chinese ports. Goldbeater and silversmiths are numerous, and whole streets are devoted to the manufacture of jade stone ornaments. There are several establishments for making coloured spectacles by grinding down Vases from broken European wine bottles. A large new brick structure which we saw on the river side, near the entrance to the town is a manufactory of lucifer matches. These matches are put up in boxes copied from Northern Europe, but their label is original. In the centre are two chains- clears crossing at the sun on each side of this device is the name of the maker in Chinese, above it a few words in Swedish, and below in what I presume to he English, is printed " Same Mark, by Manufactured Housing." There were some important gunpowder mills here but they vanished with the ghosts of nearly 200 men only a few months ago. Here are also large boat-building yards, fruit preserving establishments, and distilleries, and as in England we have our Banbury cakes and Wrexham gingerbread, be all the dwellers in South China know that Fatshan is noted for the production of the celebrated Mang Hung Pong, or Blind Man's Cake, so called because it was the invention of a blind confectioner, and which is a kind of sweet biscuit, with a morsel of fat pork in the middle. What an endless succession of boats we saw crawling up and down the 15 miles of riverway between this place and Canton ! It seems strange to one accustomed only to the Western pace of life to find a large manufacturing township like Fatshan connected with its nearest seaport merely by this winding river, and with not a single steamboat here. Yet such is the case. Great is the number of boats required to meet the demands of the traffic, and there is a remarkable variety in the construction. Almost every important branch of the river has craft of its own peculiar build. The largest cargo boats will carry about 60 tons, and it takes them sometimes nearly two days in getting to Fatshan from Canton. The people generally travel by what are known 03 passage boats strong but awkward looking craft, with one long low cabin, in which it is impossible to stand erect. They have each a single mast and an enormous bats-wing Bail of yellow matting, and are manned by about 20 boatmen, who drag the boat along by means of a long tow line, when the wind is adverse. There are eight of such boats running to Canton every day, and as many arriving at Fatshan, the journey either way occupying from five to seven hours. Each boat will accommodate nearly 200 passengers, and the fare is Sid. Those who wish to travel at greater speed, make use" of the small slipper boats, of which we must have passed at least a 100 between Canton and here. These craft are not called slipper boats by the natives, but the name well describes them. They are about 16 feet in length and a slipper which is open round the heel, gives a fairly accurate representation of their build. The four passengers which each boat accommodates pay from threepence to sixpence apiece for their fare, and lie or crouch down in the too ; while three or four boatmen some, or indeed all, may be'ivomen-stand at the heel, one in front of and the rest behind their single pair of heavy oars, and make the little boat pitch like a ship at sea, as they push it onward at tho rate of six or seven miles an hour. When will some enterprising foreigner induce the Chinese Government to allow him to establish a line of light draught steamers on this route ? It would pay well, and would be a great boon to this district. _," But for a low hill about a mile away, which is covered from foot to summit with graves, and the dykes which have been constructed to protect the land from inundation, Fatshan is surrounded by swampy rice fields. The mulberry, however, is freely cultivated along the banks for rearing silkworms; there are avenues of water pines along the numerous brooks and creeks which intersect the villain, and now that the race is growing the appearance of the landscape is for from unattractive. We left Fatshan early in the morning, and tedious work it was getting through the town. The river is in some places scarcely a hundred yards in width, and such was the crush of boats that we found the passage even more difficult than that of the FaIt Crook. At length, however, we reached the open country, and a little beyond the town, being taken in tow by a small steamer belonging to the Chinese Government, which had come, up by another and deeper stream to meet us, we soon began to make more satisfactory progress. Mile after mile we passed through very similar scenery-mulberry banks and rice fields with, a few low hills here and there but the beautiful blue range of the Sai Tsin Mountains at length appealed on our left hand, which shelter, it is said, in the numerous villages amongst them as lawless and ruffianly a set of people as are to be found in the 18 provinces. At half-past 8 in the afternoon we reached the district city of Sam Shin, having passed a few miles below it the large market town of Sanna. Sam Shin is a walled city, and is important because it lies at the junction of the North and West Rivers, along which respectively to the direct lines of traffic from Canton to Peking and to the provinces of Kwangsi and Yunnan. The appearance of the city from the river is anything but attractive-, but there is a Government barrier here for the collection of the skin or inland transit duty, and we were compelled to make this our anchorage for the night, by an attempt made by our boatman to pass off as our own personal luggage a considerable number of large packages of American clocks, bogus eau-de-cologne, made in Japan, and indiarubber shoes. After leaving Sam Shin the appearance of the country soon began to change. We vi ere now on the main branch of the West River, a noble stream, almost a mile in width, and more than deep enough in most places to float the largest steamer. There are lofty mountain ranges on either hand of very irregular contour. They are almost devoid of timber; but their dark, rocky sides are diversified by numerous and extensive sweeps of verdure, and in the ravines wo Boo rushing streams. At the base of the mountains, on the river side, there ere long, curving lines of woodland, amongst whose dark, luxuriant foliage we can often see the dwellings and temples and pagodas of some HtUo country town. About 20 miles above Sam Shin the mountain ranges suddenly approach each other, and the river turns abruptly in a deep desire, which narrows the j stream to less than half its usual width, and which is known as the Shining Pass. ! There is a little town called Han Lok containing some 40 or 50 houses, near the entrance of the post most pleasantly situated, and with plenty of beautiful cargo frees around it. These little country towns, however, are not such desirable spots for residence as they appear. As we neared Han Look we saw in the centre a black heap of ruins, around which the trees bore marks of recent fire. We learned that two nights before our arrival a band of robbers had made a raid upon the place, and though there is a Custom-house here with a guard of 20 soldiers, as well as two police boats, with several old cannon and about 10 men each, the robbers were quite successful in looting and destroy- ing the only important store in the little town, The superstitious fear of robbers which prevails among the people, the listlessness of the authorities, and the arrant cowardice of the Chinese soldiers, give every encouragement to piracy, which prevails along those rivers to the very precincts of Canton. Lingo cargo boats are generally well armed, and when boatmen are conveying their own merchandise, they will sometimes fight in its defence ; but in towns and villages, when robbers or tigers make their appearance, of ackers are exploded, and gongs frantically beaten, until robber or tiger has gone off with his booty, and then guns are fired randomly in all directions. There are many legends -connected with this locality. I similar in character to those one still may meet with in many rural spots in England. At some distance below the paps there is an island nearly two miles long, which bears the name This Slab Island. The people of the district say it owes its existence and its name to a circumstance in the history of Pan Man Ching, who GOO years ago was Governor of this department, and is said to have been greatly feared by the evil spirits which infested the neighbourhood, and there is still a temple for the worship of him at Shin ning. Such was his honour and unselfishness that, on the completion of his term of office, he refused to receive from the people any other present than a simple stone ink slab. On his way to Canton he was overtaken by a violent storm, and in indignation at the gods for thus rewarding his integrity he cast the ink slab into the river. The storm immediately abated, and at the place where he threw the ink slab this island at length appeared. There is a strong current through the pass, and in some parts it is so deep that a sounding line of 25 fathoms has failed to reach the bottom. The mountains on either hand, though not precipitous, except immediately above the water, where,, there is a broken, sinuous wall of dark-coloured rock, are yet too steep to climb. They are covered at this season with patches of grass and herbage. Prominent on the left hand is a lofty, rounded summit, green all over except where near the highest point a solitary stone stands out. The boulder has at this distance the appearance, both in shape and size, of a woman looking across the mountains to the westward. Originally it was a woman, say the people ; a faithful spouse, whose husband went to fight for his country in the wild province of Kwangsi, hundreds of years ago. Every day she climbed this montana to watch for her lord's return ; but alas ! she watched in vain. Tears rolled by, and everyone knew that the warrior must have fallen in the fight ; but the woman still continued watching, until at last she was petrified into this lasting and conspicuous monument of wifely devotion and constancy. Such is the legend of Mong Fu Shan-the watching-for-her-husband mountain. 