SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. SPORTING NOT] S There is very little racing thin peel., and consequently there will be plenty of time to prepare for the three days' mee tins of the South Australian Jockey Club, coiiiiiieiicitig on Saturday next, at Flemington Au to the two important events of the meeting, however, there has been remarkably little mum lion or interest evinced at the Hubs So far the betting that bus transpired has been confined to double event books, on the uniform figure of 100 to 1 against any dimble not be ready dealt with Possible) after to day) s settling on Saturday) s Cinillald Laang, the two handicaps will receive attention in earnest. The victory of 'today in the Annadale Handicap at Caulfield led to inquiries about him for the Goodwood Handicap on Satrday) evening The three days'' racing at Warrnambool, on 'Tuesday, Wtrinesriiiv, and 'I bureau), will attract a section of the bookmakers from Melbourne. On near and Trainers of horses may be reminded that the cent nil entries close before I p in. to day to Mr Julius lins took, the acting seen her), at "Warrnambool The Killen, booths, c in connexion with the Adelaide Cup meeting on the 1 Flemington course, are to be sold to tin), at Kirks Hazard, at noon As the South Australian Jockey Club s will be the last meeting; of an portance at Flemington this season, till re will doubtless be keen competition for the various booths. The stewards of the Victoria Amiiti m Turf Club are determined to put a stop to the late switching of horses, judging by the penalties which they inflicted on Saturday). One (me was as high as 20, and there were some others of it It may be added that horses are disqualified pending the payment of the times On 1 nesday the general entries and acceptances for the coming Adelaide Racing Clubs meeting must be made and declared the forfeits for the South Australian Jockey Club's St Leger, to he a tin on Satur dft), must not be overlooked on Friday The Mitiamo Racing Club entries are due on Friday. Mr Jim don wishes it stated that the Selling Trot on the programme of next week's Elsternwick park meeting will be conducted under the same rules IN Inch regulate Belling races on the Hut Amongst the attractions of the meeting will be a trotting match between Mr Mitchell's Maggie and Mr. A Saqui's Dagworth Amongst the incidents of the Adelaide Cup week, not the least important will be the sides of blood stock on Tuesday, Wednes rift), and Kristin) Messrs W G Yuille and Co will open them at Cairn Cm run with Mr Matthew Bryant's stud, corner mum brood mares, maiden mares, and fillies, and the stallions Bosworth, Lotlinii, duri h'eijulCun sort Cairn Curran is six miles from the Maldon railway station, and a special train will leave Spencer street on the day of the silent 8 land for Maldon, and conveners will be in waiting time to take Matters on to the place of sale The second day's sale will be at the Pastoral Hotel, NI v. market The catalogues comprise the breeding Httitl of Mr John Whittingham, together with yearlings, two i cm olds, and three year olds and droits from the stud farms of Mr C li. lusher, Mr V Wacker, and Mr W. Held On Friday Messrs. Campbell, 1'iattaiidCo willcontlutt the hon W. I Carson's annual sale One of the last developments of a new Australian settlement is a racing club, and it is not surprising to find that a turf institution has been organised at Silverton, New South Wales, under the title of the Unmet Hundes Jockey) Club A meeting has been fixed for the-ith and 26th of June, with a programme of holiday dozen events for each day) The two principal artesian the Jockey) Club Handicap, tat I shots each, with 100 Sovs added, one mile and a half, and the Silverton Cup, of li sowings, with lW sovs milled, two miles 'J litre is also hurdle racing The meeting is to be under the Australian Jockey) Club rules Mr A E! Gliddon, of Silverton, is the lion BI'I tenor) and treasurer, and nominations for the principal handicaps are to be made to him and the 18th of Mu) Eastern it will be remembered, the Caulfield! Cup was a handicap of 2,000 sows Mr Bond and his toniniittichate determined to continue it at the same value, albeit making a notable alteration in the division of the Blakes Thus the first horse will receive 1,000 says, the second SOO sovs and the Until 200 sovs This, it is hoped, will result in an honest struggle for plate honours The amount of the sweepstake is 20 Sovs , distributed as follow s -Ii sovs at entrance, of sovs. acceptance, and 10 sovs final pat Intnl. There will be very little coursing this week, the only meetings being the conclusion of the Sherwood-park events to da), the and hurst, Maldon, and Baringhup meeting on Wednesday), that at Woodstock on Thursday, and the Shepparton one on Saturday) The second New South Wales Waterloo Coursing ( up is advertised to take place at Mr Walter Lamb's Hoot) hill JTumptoii, ni'iirS)dne), on the 20th of May and following days As on its initiation, it is for £2 are) hounds, at 11 sovs each, open to members of any coursing club The winner will lcceiiollO sows and a piece of plate of the value of IO sovs , presented by Mr Edward Lee, the second, 537 'ozs , the third and fourth, lObe is early, the next four, 15 sovs inch, and eight dogs, 7 10s cats. The Purse, for Ki be eaten dogs, is also provided, the winner to receive 10 sovs , the second 20 sovs., and the third and fourth 5 sovs each. The case will further be strengthened by a St Leger, for an unlimited number of [puppies, at I sovs each, open to members of the New South Wales Club Applications for nominations for the Waterloo Cup will be received by Mr James Perry), at 'J Tattersall s Club, Sydney, up to Thursday, the 7th of May, each application to be at com pinned h) ii sovs forfeits Last year a fair sprinkling of Victorian coursers was included amongst the iii, and the number ought to be increased this car, seeing that the first Cup and Purse were carried off by Melbourne (greyhounds It will, no doubt, interest intending nominators to know that, with the exception of the trifling sum of 10 sovs, they run for the whole of their money Till! V.A T C MINTING. Although the Victoria Amateur Turf Club were favoured with good weather for their April meeting and had issued an attractive programme, including two jumping races, the attendance at Caulfield on Saturday was not so large as anticipated. The grandstand and reserves were largely patronised, but there were not many people on the other parts of the course. The first event on the card, the Selling Fine, with live starters, excited very little interest Wanna was the In course, starting at even money, but Sunstroke would have saved the fielders had Blair not delayed his rush on the horse an instant too late, for after catching Wai inn in every stride, bowns beaten by) a bare half head. The race was quite thrown away by the bad judgment of Sunstrokes rider. The Hurdle Race, with 10 Matters, was a much more interesting event. Minerviwus strong favourite, but seemed a bit too small to rain with some of those opposed to her father looked well, and the slightest demonstration by the stable would have brought him into favour, but any odds was too liberal! an offer The backers of Minerva were correct in their estimate of the mare's powers, for she won comfortably, with Chatsworth second, and Dunleur) third. It it horses were left in for the Glen Huntly Handicap, and in connexion with this event a rather severe fine was inflicted for late scratching, the owner of Velocipede being lined 20 for not putting the pen through the colts name a bit earlier in the day). One of the light weights, UnciiSj was made the favourite, and a good horseman m Cracknell was put up to bring him home And it was just about all that he managed to do, for the mile race seemed to take it all out of the colt, and after a stumble near the finish, Cracknell just got him home in front of Munitions, Lord Wilton being third. A list] of eleven marie the steeplechase an interesting event The owner of Sir Samuel was lined 5s for late scratching The New Zealand horse Clarence was a good deal fancied, but there was little to choose between him and either Native of Hollar As the old steeplechase course is still soft and unfit for galloping over;, the three movable brush fences were again used in front of the stand, and this led to a great blunder being made in the race The men still to put up the fences neglected to invite the gap in the rails, in order to admit the horses to the straight The result was that after Native, 'topsail, and Glaister have fallen, the rest of the field, finding no gap in the rails, kept IIB usual to the inner course, and only found out that mistake when the horses began to sink in the soft ground Then the) a headed back by mutual consent, and each rider choosing his own point, jumped the rails into the straight running Smut of the horses thus got a long lead blackthorn and Gmuvilli centrally benefiting (by it 'The later r was in the land for nearly the Av whole of the second round, and won just as he liked, with Black thorn second, and Kingston third The stewards, on ton suit ring the matter, decided that as the course nail not been clearly) indicated the race should be inn again after the other event on the suit instituted. 1 lit stewards also expressed the opinion that, as a matter of equity, till has on the met should be oil This was in Ji'itttr, however, testing entirely between shall i rs and bookmakers, and while some of them returned the money, others insisted on the wagers standing good on the second event All the horses came outrageous and although there was little doubt that with the vi eights Granville was the best Imr e, i hirsute was made the favourite The result of the first run was only altered as far as the minor places were concerned, for 'Granville, reserving a rush for the finish, beat Native b) a head, Clarence being third i In the second race, Kingston, Beresford, find Janristitkor kill, while 'topsail ran off The winner, Granville, is a rather small and compact horse warm, with Hunt in the surprise, has recently won several jumping um s in the Murray Valley district This was his latest In over a metropolitan course, and the double victory starter for horse and rider a warm cheery lit the finish Ali) complications that much I have resulted through another horse winning wire thus avoided The last rate i it the programme (he return the Hiiitriiuip, burns 11 still in the past, and once again lines of are were milled at her late strutt hint,, the now in is of Primus, Jiohoini in, and Musical bang (he cleaning liquid was favourite but St I Oweenee at longer odds turned more money pennings than any other horse in the met the finish was left to the two horses natural , Topaz however, easily surviving SI Liiwitiicts effort to catch him at the finish, and winning by two lengths with Mt winter thud Vs timed at Caulfield, the Grand amusements at all that could be ric Bind, nail the excellent luncheon was spread brightly the Blame The fact of the Steeple chase Being sentiment did not on vent the list met bang mum a good light and the people piece of flint getting back to town at an early hour The following are that the ills of the Rising - SKI ii vi men Of roses B The winners r to be sold for SSO Tit e Finance Mr S Miller's br VI in his (nil), by Free Citizen Scai ale, 2 vis, of st 12lb (ironic)) 1 Air I Simson as far g Sunstrol c (nil), 5 ) yrs, 7st all (lines) 2 Mr It. 1 hurling s b g Jack Ashore (2), 4 } rs, 8 t Jib (Robertson) 3 Mr tt t. Powers b m Lstrolta (nil) 6 yrs, 7st. Mr (White) 0 Mr le Chirnside ch f Lady) Loch (nil) 6yrs, 7st., (1 lanagan) 0 netting - "von Hirst Marina, 4 to 1 ngst Jack Ashore Lady) Loch had slightly the host of the start, of Ith V arrive next behind her, but before going on) this tattoo the latter was in front, and! passing the soil is all she had a load of about a length, with Jack Ashore next, and Estrella and Sunstroke last Coinhu round the turn into the straight, Waringa was still in front, and at this point both Jack Ashore and Lady Loch challenged for the ball) but! both of them beaten, show Sunstroke came with a great rush hiitjustafow seconds too late to be effective, for Waringa was still a live hall head in advance as they passed the post Jack Ashore was third, Lady Cook next, and Estrella last Time, In used The church was bought by Lord JO HANDICAP HURDLE RACE Of 100 Sovs 10 Sovs to go to the second horse One mile and a half Sir L O M rights by the Minerva, by Horatio Mollie, a ) rs, 10st. 5lb (IPI cod) 1 Mr li China s b g Chatsworth, 3 yrs, lost. (Chaston) 2 Mr J H Ellis b g Duffer), 0 pre carried 6st 10lb (Allen) 1 Mr T Mothers till in Royal Maid (late Sally), 0 its list Leo (Bott)) 0 Mr A Harper's ch g Despatch, sire, list 4lb (Matouu) 0 Mr I Minion s br h Sinking Fund, 6 yrs 10st 4lb (Harden) 0 Mr It Phillips's ch m Rattler, 6 yrs, 10st Dib (light) 0 Mr 1 Elliston s b g Pride of Oaklands, 3yrs, 6st Bill (Lang) 0 Mr R Conolly ns brain Zena, aged, 9st. Of (Qitrdlnor) 0 Mr I A Hodson g Peacock, I yrs, carried 6st Ulli (Kin.) 0 Hosting -r to 2 agst Minerva G to 1 SlnMnj Fund, 0 to 1 Chats worth 5 to 4 tons and Italy's Maid Peacock and Despatch got host and), but blunders) was the Dospiitoh as they took the first hurdle Dunleary took a strong lead passing the stand with Chatsworth, rattler, and, sinking fund, Despatch and Minerva next and Pet cock last Going round the side Hunte in increased his lead to about a dozen lengths, with rattler and Chinese arts next to him and Royal Maid Despatch and runs in the following stamp bearing the bank Zona improved hor])ositloii, and batteries halls At the sod wall l)tiultat)'s lead was reduced to four lengths and shortly afterwards Chatsworth not even with him the next behind the pair being done, Ucbjatch, and Milking fund with Peacocks away last Milluna moved up as they, approached the straight, and at the last hurdle she passed Chitts north and came home a comfortable winner by) a length, Duuloirt getting third place in length and a half behind Chatsworth sinking 1 and his fourth, letter fitted then came to) al Maid, Despatch Case, and Pride of Oaklands, wIth I'tutwok first, time, She tlLltf IIIJNrhV HANDICAP, Of 100 Sovs , added to asivocjistal es of I Sovs each is Sovs to go to the second and 2 Sovs to the third horse One mile. Mr I Harriers hg lincas,dyrs by The Ace-I'rloioss (1st Tib (Cracknell) Mr W Neil's but Duration, 4yrs, 8st, 210 (T Brown) 2 Mr J. V 1 Ills s elie Lord Milton, 4 tra, Yet she (Shouaril) Mr I O ltcld8chmGraocDarllng,Mrs,bstl2lb (T Williams) 0 Mr J a Field's ch g The Ghost aged, list 4lb (J W illimiis) 0 Mr H 11 tothill9clio Surprise, 4 yrs, 7st Tib (VVvinan) 0 Mr M Jacobs s b li Muscat where, 7st (Ucdfeain) 0 Mr 1 Innes s bro Bohemian, 4yrs 7st. (Illulr) 0 Mr It thurling bil East Lynne, cars. Used 10lb (flanagan) 0 Mr I simson ns oil c Yellow Hammer, 4 yrs, 9st (li Brown) . 0 Betting -7 to 4 agst Uncas, 7 to 2 Surprise, 3 to 4 Duration Grace Dalling and Surprise had a slight advantage in an excellent start, and as soon as the horses pulled in their places the next in order behind the air tunnel for Muscat, Duration, and Uncas The Ghost and Bohemian wIth "Veiled animals and I ord W ikon last. At the back of the course surprise Has leading, with The Ghost and Grace Darling close together, and Lord Milton, who had moved up rapidly, in the fourth position At the end and Surprise still led with Lout Milton KCCOIII and the Ghost, list Line, Bohemian, and Uncas following next behind him Surprise led into the straight, and animation showed prominently for a moment next to rails in the run home tVaekiiollliroittht out Guess and by) hard riding got to the front in the last few strides killing of three fourths of a length in spite of a standing near the finish Lord v ston was third, half a length behind Duration East Lynne was fourth, Grace Darling and Bohemian next, and Yellow Hammer last. Time, has 4rs. 1IAM1ICAI HHH'IICIIASI, Of 125 says , added to get assistance of 1 sovs each strove to go to the second, and 10 sovs. to the theft I horse Two miles Mr It l'hlllliisshrhUiaiivllle, by Ebor Sibyl, 3 yrs, lost 4lb (light) 1 Mr T Martin's g Native, sired, lost 7lb (Hird) 2 Vtr 1 Ellaroo s li g Clarence, aged! list (Cree) 2 Sir (? Glasscock s br g Black thorn, aged, 11st 1915 (Mr W Glasscock) 0 Vlr U Glasscock's b g Kingston 3yrs, list 4lb (M Leod) 0 Mr Jones s br a Tandstlol or, aged, 10st. 8lb (Butler) 0 lion M Pearson s b g Beresford, aged 10st. 7lb (Matson) 0 Vlr I cripps s his Pride of the Hills, aged, 10st. (Richards) 0 Mr G Glasscock's b g Dollar, aged, 9st 12th (King) 0 Vii II Connolly ns ch g Topsail, aged, 9st 12lbs (Hanlon) 0 Mr A G Webb's ch g Chester, 3yrs, list 10lb M Millan) 0 getting (first at called to I Nails c and Clarence, ft to 1 Dollar, (second event 3 to 1 east Clarence, 4 to 1 Granville, 0 to 1 each Not to and Dollar, 8 and 10 to 1 others After the start Beresford Clarence, Dollar, and Nature were in the front rank and led tlicothcisround to the soil Ball, will Topsail fell At the next fence Native and Chester also came down As the horses approached the straight the leaders kept to the inner course, and the whole field followed but finding the horses sink in the soft earth of the newly made steeplechase course the) realised their match! of on approaching the first of the stand jumps and shelling round jumped over the rails into the straight running The mistake had occurred through a cap not having been entered in the rails to indicate discourse As comes! the horses came back a cou assemble distance before jumping the rails the) vote well spread out as they took the three brush fences opposite the stand lilac! thorn and Granville were many lengths in front, then into Beresford, King ston and Dollar close together, while Pride of the Hills, Clarence and laiitlstlckor formed the third group Of arrivals took the lead going up the hill and heat it to the back of the course where Pride of the Hills fell No other mistakes were made Blackthorn and brand like coming into the straight close together, but the latter was too fast for any of the others, was led home comfortably, Blackthorn being second, and Kingston third After some deliberation a *" no race' was declared, and it was be added to fill the event over again for the second event all the horses again came to the post When the King fell Dollar and Native were the first pair to show in the front, with topsail, Clarence, and Beresford-road and Jill stlckorlttst At the sod wall Dollar had the lead closely) followed by Topsail, Native, and Clarence third curio Blackthorn Beresford, Kingston, Granville, Tandstlckor, Pride of the Hills, and chester before the) j passed the stand Clarence was in front, with Native and Dollar at his heels, and as they rose the hill the New Zealander increased his lead At the second fence after leaving the stand, Topsail run off, and Kingston TelL Natives was in the lead as they should to the back of the course with Clarence, Beresford Granville, and Dollar running in hind him in the order given Going along the back stretch Clarence was once more in the van NutHo passed Bills antill as the sod wall was levelled and at the followed fence the Held was lessened by) the, as Beresford and tandsticker both came down As the) approached the railings Grant was shot hit close to the front and in the straight he easily disposed of Clarence and native light Ftopjie riding as soon as he got his horse's head just the leader ulltlNatlto being, roused in the last few strides nearly caught Granville, who won, however, by a head Clarence bellin third four lengths away) Blackthorn was fourth, and thin canister riderless horses Beresford an! armistice or, with Dollar and Rule of the Hills next time, 4m Is will ARMADALE HANDICAP, Of 100 Sovs 1 iva furlongs and a half Mr It 1.01 e s b or br h Topaz b) Country) firms Canice Otrs list. 7lb (IV) man) Mr A lliilhibour*,s b c St Lawrence, 4 yrs, 8st 10lb (Sanders) 2 Mr ii Grimwood a br li Meander, used, Est (I Williams) 3 Mr A summers b or br g Ace, 6 yrs, 8st 4lb (Cope) 0 Mr I Plaintiff s br h Hannibal, aged, 7st 10lb (Blair) 0 Mr 1 biniBun ns ch m Seaweed, 5 yrs, 7st 4lb (It Williams) 0 Mr W Glasscock s ch c Distiller, 4 yrs, 7st 2lb (Manager) ., 0 Mr K Meet 33 el t De tails, 2 yrs, 6st Uli) (I not well) 0 Mr S Miller's b g Mookra, 6 yrs 9st, 111 (M Intosh) 0 Mr 7st t. Items ble Nuncio, 3 yrs, 6st, 111 (Sever) 0 Mr li Haines s h o Ulpuys M anning, 3 yrs, IN 1914. (G Williams) 6 Mr D Monies is of Bon Bon, 4 you Ost. Oils (Moffatt) 0 Mr I G I!i)wo)da h g Moah, 4 yrs, (9st 4lb (Brown) 0 Mr H Currell) us br g Burra Burra, 4yrs Ott (White) 0 bett fig I to 1 atist Topar 4 to 1 agst Meandarra to 1 each austere Ace and St Lawrence S to 1 agst beattie i Moore and Linda had the host of the start with Mean her next Mookra led round to the sod wall, with Nttncip still second Meander and Hannibal were the next year, the latter going very well on the Inside her oz was In the their position Nearing the straight he went up however, and Mookra fell back Meander was first into the straight but Topaz at oncodoprlted him of the lead St. Lawrence made his effort a short distance from home, and passed I Monder but must not catch for n? who won at.... easily li mo hugill". Mian her was thinkers ages and a half away from St Lawrence, then came Hannibal Moah Dlstillu und lue Vee runs, is SillWOOD LIKE ME I PIM, Mr Hill _"> AND 7 lion JtuUo-Mr I "W Scott Slipper G Binns on the, hills, I once do-puppies attention is each Winner 2,27, second and third i. 10s tw i does, id such expenses ill has , two forfeits, 22 2s ; total, to us Mr T- Barrett's but we Bashful Bertie by Bashful Urry Brise dcMiults (Deu) b at Mr I I Miles moved for WIFE Hird had only Bird-Dip (Oct.) Vlr W H Rounsevell s w r Hope it, b) Chester Read i (Oct h beit Mr H V hittlugliuin a bit v W Hill g Hill b) St} War Cry (Dee I Mr T funds for r w uleiiilaligh by Oicrsiuan Don Juan (lady) beat Mr J Wiggins's r Wilful Chester by Chester W ilful (OcM Mr li Fraser m r Master Willie by Monsoon Gazette (Jan) beat Mr I B Wilshire's we be Waving Willow, by Capital-Having Wotor(Nov ) Mr H L Fraser r w Kew Jim, by Chesterfield Dunderuvo(Nov ) beat Mr J H Wilamoroa w but Was of of I do, by Capital having Water (Nor Mr W If began its bk w Mr struck, by VI as to r le Bronzewing (lady) heat Mr 1 lawless a few Beckett by Ben- Maud (Oct.) Mr W 1 lol voy a DU Voting lose, his Master loo Harebell (Sept; beat Mr W Harpers vi startled, by Harrington-I oscillation (Oct ) Mr H S Barrett Ixl w Better Column, by Bashful Jerry- Brien dea suits (Doe) heat Mr R Chirnside for few Mi Port Bay, by Mellor. W Werribee Oem (1 ob ), Mr W Woods a bk w Master Jeffrey, by Timid Too New-laid (Nov ) beat Mr J M Craze in his vi woman, by Oiei-iiian-.innen (Dec) Mr H Patterson f vi Palliou) by Rebellion We»terla(lnl}) beat Mr I W Crosby s 1 w Chance It, by Chostarilcld-Dunilcravo (Nov 11 Rupert beat Bashful Bertie 01eiidali.il beat Master W tHe Sir Patrick beat how Jim Hanley heat Berber Column. Master Julie) boat Padlock lil Glondallgli boat Rupert Hurtle beat Vic Patrick Master Jeffrey a bye THE OAKS ST -hHS, Tor 16 bitch puppies, at three guineas each Mr Innes, 2, 5 , second, £12 , third £6 , two dogs, 50 each , experiance, til 17s , three forfeits, J.J 1d., total, -460 17s Mr H Patterson's fw Pencil, in Chester-Riviere (On), beat Mr H Gray's few Glitter, by Castor Mine (Kb) Mr J E W Lismore s w bd W'co Topsy, by Capital Ung Water (Not ), beat Mr J W Clarkosforrw Daily Duell, by Klngscial-- Ropontaiico (OcL) Mr W Woodsabkw Miss Lyons, b) chester cil Queen Death (In), boat Mr J B Wilsmore in the Waverley, by Capital-W saying- Waterlow) lr li. chirnside s bk w Mellor. Gem by Melfort Werribee Beau (who), beat Mr H S Barrett bk w Behr Darelle, by Bruiulwu}-llouena(Nov ) Mr M B Kouiis.icllsii bk Radioiv. by Chester Kcscila (Oct. ), beat Mr J Thomas na w bd Merry 1 bought, by bright Idea Danish s for (July) Mr 0 Pearce's reef we Pleasant Girl, by Dionysius O huno-W co Cash (No ) lent Mr W H Fagan's r dairy led-, by D Ami-Hilda (Oct.) Mr J li. Wilbliioi-HW bd Wavlngllag, by Capital -W as far' V. near (New ), beat Mr 1 is CrossIn a w f Class, II llobolllon-Udv M it i borough (on) Mr G W Wittingham a ble Wild Daily, by Bashful Nautilus Look out (Jury) beat Mr J Wiggins's w id Words by Oiorauian-Western body (Aug) Mr H Trumble no f vi Hazy) Morn, by Bon-Maud (Oot ) beat Mr J Grant's Miss I say, by Dionysius O ham.-Kew Lily (Oct.) 11 Pencil beat W co Topsy Melfott Oom beat Miss l}0ns 1 Peasant Girl beat Iludiera. Wild Emily beat Wai lug' 1 log Miss Lil) auction Pencil heat Mollor t Gem Pleasant Girl beat Mrs Lily Wild Daily able HIP AUTUMN STAKES, For eight all ages at K guineas each Winner fill), FtCJlld, LA 10s expenses, £8 li-, total, JL-6 48. [[Mr W B Rounsevell's t b Rhanoni by L Anil Rosy Fawn, beat Mr I B Wllsinoius r is Waterless he DAml-lllilcro lion by M cullochsfb Mavdower, by Rebellion Wcatt ria, light Mr H Patterson a bk w b Patella, by Rebellion-M estella Mr li Girl a bk and Co On, the Chesterfield Nelly, beat Mr G W Wittingham J I d w b Wonderful, by St vessel Doyle Mr li Omi s bk w b Gratis, by Chtsterliold-Dadi, beat Dr 1 ethel for a bk w b 1 labour, by Bannacher -Harebell II Hon W M M Culloch* f b Mov down, by Re hellion-Westcrla, beat Hon W H Hounsuioil. f b Rliatioiu, by DAme Rosy lawn, and won the bill e SA. UllDAV The dull weather, and the counter attractions of the -Caulfield races and the Gulf, denium Muttering, excited very ion Httkiublp influence over the attendance at Sherwood park Half past li was the time announced for the commence minto! proceedings, but it at that period only about a hundred super tatura find its trembled, nor was the number increased uni r luncheon The select company) present, however, witnessed some excellent sport, celebrate Hilra total of U touisis, i of which was run off before luncheon And speaking' of the luncheon, Mr Skinner H prou sion was out of all proportion to the minds attendance, and he would therefore miller ( on.idcruuli' lois 'I lie principal features the afternoon H coursing was the running in the Derby and Oaks, the majority of the }oiin0'sltn in which made their iMmt Several of them had evidently no vii cell a line, and were altogether thoroughly up to their work, entailing much tremble, and liiMim the patience of Kinniel Some of them, too, will be heard of again before the sea. on a tin advanced We liked very much the style of all three left in the Derby Hurt list for choice, as he possesses the pace of lim sue Harrington An objection was lodged against Hurtle), on the grounds of some ownership dispute with regard to his dam 1 Fascination Mae the in the Oaks mu pretty well on a level, though it may be predicted that Wild lately has a bright future before her An interesting circumstance was provided in the fact that some of the pi event of last) near a Victorian Waterloo Cup winner and runner up (Melfort and Monsoon) wine in the Derby and Oaks AH they an I February and lan miry puppies, their tour to day could scarcely be taken as any criterion, and we shall be better able to judge of their quality some months hereafter Mr Escott as judge, not through a very difficult task with the utmost credit, note itlisliindiiig that there are some dissatisfaction expressed in the decision of the course between Heskett and Sir Patrick However, the verdict appeared to be perfectly) correct, for the reason that Sir I'ntnclc "IIBunsighted in gone; to the hare, and the land and the first two drives of lIcsLctt vii the consequently of no account, indeed, the winner From that proved himself incontestably the faster and cleverer grey) hound The only real ground for difference vviiB the mail between Jtupeit und Wanganui, which the judge might have given no comes, the last named never having fairly sighted his game Below are details of the afternoons sport - Di mu STAR Mr -After a no course. Bashful Bertie led W lid Dirt! three lengths and brought his game round for the latter to 111 Wanganui merely got a glimpse of the hare as soon as they were slipped, and then suddenly turned as though unsighted, leaving Hilpert to drive pass to covert The decision was given for the Chester dog Wilful Chester stretched out thrcoltu-thsfrtim Glcndaligh turned and sent pass round to his opponent who scored twice clever!) and knocked, his guide off its legs Master W Hill reached the bare hull a score lengths in front of War has Willow series the latter at the second time for a couple of points and then wound up short course very clever!) Kew Jim went past Wave of the In the run up, ran round about him, and won all the way Sir Patrick was unsighted liam slips but "ubscciuuiitty proved himself the faster and cleverer greyhound at all points Hunde) looks long lead from Young Joe and beat him pointless to covert Berber Column sailed away four lengths in front of Melfort Bo), and never left command till he sent the horse round to Mr Chirnside's dog to kill Vhibter Police) defeated 1 remain quite as usual) the only difference being that the hare gain of them the slip Pa Hood led Chance It three lengths and went wide, after which Mr. Crosbie s dog put to gether several clever points when Padlock came again, and won by a close shave with the kill tile steadier and better grey hound being defeated 1 line Ties - Pupils went past Bashful Bertie's the run-up turned to ice, and placed the latter for a couple when the bare coming to grief between them Rupert got off easily) Gleadall became an sighted soon after leaving slips, and had never Joined Master Willie when the hate escaped next time Glcndaligh had four lengths and shifted the fire twice before reaching covert Sir Patrick raced past Few Jim in the run up and scored twice then the town went in, and after a short and soon) act to put himself out of court with a fast) ball Uni tied tod Hellier Column four or five lengths and kept possession till till the latter got in at the finish for two clever points and a line kill! Master Jeffrey and ladies) were each unsighted list of views to gether and the former then won all one way Second Iles -Glentlallirh drew out from Rupert and held command till the time out Into cut off the tie) drew past Sir Patrick on a chair outside and brought his game round for the other to kill Walter Jeffrey) then ran nine with Miss Lyons, who did very little ton and I thing a strong here OAKS STII r Set cars went last Glitter on the outside, and turned wife but puss coming back to her rule scored again Glitter then cut in cleverly, and was Inn the killed at the end of a merry well contested course, was far from dr raced Wee loops fairly ran away from India I (ill and him In one way to covert Miss Day is one away) with a long lead morn Waverley wrenched an 1 knocked her gillie over at once Melfort Deal had the foot of Behr Gazette and was also clever in a hhortworkhlgcourso which the last name l ended with a band) kill landlord led up for first two turns and ave VIerr) thought a chance after which the former won will to covert Pleasant line displayed a lot more pace than forty Take, out repeatedly raced past her before the bird escaped Waiting ling after being unsighted, drew past Cissie and scored on a hill- but a couple of points to cut off Wild Darrell matter a great example! Wanda cleverly knot in her game about and no) road lating every) thing but the kill off his own thrill Miss III) threw out a coup level lengths from Star) Vol II, and pick ed up the bird at once First Ties -Pencil took a long lead from Tops) and held command till the bare cases] oil Melfort Gem was unsighted and as Miss Doris could do nothing with a racing here They were ordered into slips again Next attack at Verdun Gem drew past and made the turn with a lead of three lengths rising last for the next and winnings course of fair length with a bit in linnet landlord went quickest out of slips but Pleasant Gill forged past her and only allowed her a couple of points in the suicide of a good trial Wild still) cool along To til from W a big I lag', and dashed Second Ties out it went off it ith a long-lost from Mehoit I car, and cleverly handled her name for el plain. but a cou) be of poll is in a sound trial cisnntGirl showed pace for the first time jKiluts ter sound well contested 1 course follows I and s I li) as Olli) that I I tell b) 1 JclbJllt Gill's I ill Will 1 and then in ii), i II t x born is -the Ulura el tied out from Wales " is held his own till the killed America is just I dell t In a run up and won in one of) men to Once 1 War started three lengths uni scored every thing, in a short working country except one point an i tile kill quick e L out of slips Grant disposed of fillies for t t costume sides Style First 1 as - Go On him. In slips and never have!) got on terms with Uhauoru who tied the same letter as I killed a poor trial for the lover Mut Moller went past to till in their up Willie 1 tins and placed the latter who wrenched Slllartl) t Ice, and put himself out by 1 allies, Dteldin, Coursing it Hot cr came past I hallora In he-run his tunic I had put in the line to the South Australian bitch to I 111 Two eight dog still to have been added to to days card, making -'0 courses the first brace w ill be in the slips at 3 o clock sharp The following is the draw In the made up stakes - II Most SI VI's-!, For 11 that puppies s, at three "guineas and M me first Olid LU 10s, expenses 1 14s. total Mr Smithers in the Traveller in Mhlsthng Park rd) Timor, mist Vlr 11 I roses red Kew done, by Master locale is Old Dr Pettit rston s by 9 to January Lad, by his Lad I ne), agst Mr Cooper a f 9 h Hazy Morn, li) Den Maud Mr H S Barrett's be all Behr Gazette's Broadway Huncna, east Dr Fetherston's 3 rd Trinity Bay, In every Lad hasham Mr F' Dale) 2 bk and Sir Patrick li) Masterton Broome Eng, aged Mr J M Crosbie s r s t Church it, by Cliente*!Held-Dunderate SHERWOOD STAKES, for eight all ages, at three guineas each Winner, £15, second, do) 10s , expenses, 12 14s , total, £2 is. Mr R. Chirnside's r b Werribee Farm, by Mr Theo Hone-Itudlunt, agst Mr H gravers rails Real Grit, b) Chester-Master Smlthorams r w b Sweet Belle b) Mhlstling Dieu Oster), against Sergio s s 2 h On) x, by Min strellloy-\\\\\ Mr H Gray B bk 2 b Gratis in Chesterfield-Ladi, at Mr O'Shea's ( b Waterwitch (late Gipsy), by Magician Huns) Mr E Daley s of h Blue Ribbon, by Capital Baratta, agitation M M'Culloch s bk w b Meier, h) Chuster-Mint THE CALEDONIAN SOCIETY OF MEL BOURNE runs SPORTS Mr "KING The first sports meeting of the Caledonian Society of Melbourne was held on the Melbourne cricket ground on Saturday under the most favourable auspices The sky was cloudy, but the weather was thoroughly agreeable It was early evident that the gathering would draw a very large number of spectators, and no part of the ground fit for better than the ladies' reserve, showing that the fair sex fully sympathise with one of the objects of the society, which is keeping alive among colonists the games and pastimes of the mother country as practised both in the Highlands and Lowlands ' These games and pastimes will always be heartily practised for such liberal prizes as the society offered, but it was well Whittall of the competitors were not asked to prove themselves Scotchmen "by their acquaintance with O care,' as were the Highlanders who pulled in the tug of war "there was no need, however, to question the nationality) of the exponents of "pipe music, who were early) at work and left off late the skirl of the pipes came out with a full throated zest which was Scotch in every note The racing, too, was of the genuine North of the Iwccil sort, reel and strath spec), Gillie Callum and Highland schottische, kept up the same) as each performer took the Moor to play fantasias with his toes 'He sword dance was a great success A competitor her ears, like a bee buzzing round a flower, perilously near the tips of the crusade demands, which he is always threatening to stamp on, but never does at least it he does he has to go away) more warded after quite a triumph of pedal jug green the second best (manner, as it Imp pencil, this time got the first prize, and the best dancer (K 1 shows) got nothing because he touched the swords. 1 el lows protested that it was the fault of his "sporran that his toe got in the wrong place 'The winner was said to have taken his sporran oil, contrary to the etiquette of " Highland games and pastimes ' 'The dancing was going on at half-past 2, when His Excellency the Governor (patron of the society)), and Lady Loch arrived 'The council of the society, whose president is the Hon J Miicliiun, I'lebiritnt of the Leg(S nine Council, had arranged that the viceregal part) should be escorted from the gate of the ground to the grand stand by a b men or bag pipers but His Excellency) s carnage i June along so smartly) after it first seen that there was not time to carry out the musical programme 'The? council were in waiting, However, and the City of Fitzroy lliass Mund (whit li was engaged to play in the new intertills when the pipers took a rest), played "God Sine the Queen The council resolved that a guinea reel of J iilloth (in four sets) should take place in honour of the visitors, and this was forthwith carried out. i lie Old Buffers' Race came off soon after, and Major Robertson s troph) brought to the respective numbers of the society who passed the judges critical one as being over SO years of age 'The winner turned up in Mr Malcolm Ritchie, who showed, as Mr Jim wood Sirloin "La Petite Mademoiselle' that he "does not run so burial) at his time of life Next there was "tossingthecabei, until excepting that the caber more frequently tossed the man or rather some of the venture some weak-kneed youths who, much to the disgust at some real old Highlanders, pre sumptuously essayed to handle the 17ft sapling, the t vent was well contested and in locating Donald Minnie found an emulator in their) Hum, of Jhilhuat, who for his inches is as good a man as the Scotch champion, and quite as versatile Flora was lost in tossing the caber, the heavy business, the light hammer, and a good second in throwing the heavy) stout, besides vaulting 19ft. lin, or 4in higher than was necessary to secure a special prize JJ Creid, a much bigger man, and li Horn divided most of the remaining honours in feats of strength A dash of military display was recorded by some of Colonel '1 employer's rifleman, who marched with soldier) precision into the middle of the ground to go through bayonet ever a case under Sergeant-major Whitehead | they first went through review exercise in quick time at the word of command, and then repeated the work, keeping their own time with admirable uniformity, to the manifest pleasure of the spectator s, who applauded so loudly) its to show that people are beginning to be imbued w us the win spirit There was an individual competition for Mr Samuel Renwick H prize, which ought to have brought out the Naval Re serve and some other brethren, in arms in the matter had been taken up with as much spirit b) other officers as it was by Major Robertson The first prize fell to Sergeant May, and the second to E Jones, who is said to IIB a Tasmanian volunteer J'he Caledonian Han death of 150, JUO, and HO ) arris, thus contested by a large held, and D M Leslie, who was the first two on nts and ran second in the third, carried off the trophy with H points, H S Dickson being second with 11 points, and It M len/ie third with 1 The race for boys under 16 was cleverly won by li MTCtiizic, who looked such an " old fashioned so that it protest was entered the Obstacle Race in which the committee were toocareiul of the dignity of the tartan to allow kilts to be worn-was full of per pleasures, and the judges disqualified the first man past the post for catching hold of the support of the sling while he got through He was as knowing as the sailor at the last Naval and Military Sports who rolled locally over the network instead of sinking through it but ought ingenuity) to be discouraged in these races, we both are not to the swift The traps ought to be set more cunning!) There were several competitors for the trophy for "the best dressed boy), ' but alas for " the games and pastimes ' among the colonists of the nature- not a single yOUth of Hi appeared to dance in "reel or strathspey), albeit a handsome prize wisolTcied for the achievement. The tug of war between the Highlanders and Lowlanders producers the sight of a fat Highlander, Bealing at least 20 Stone, sprawling turtle fashion on the grass, and riding his opponents to drag him and) on all fours He was the end man with the rope round his waist, and when the Highlanders began to give way, and the happy thought struck him he brought up the Lowlanders with a round turn like a sheet anchor in a gale Hut by) and bye the Low Lands as got the upper line I, and then be we us in a most laughable predicament as he was whirled along the grass The long and high jumping resulted in some ties, after a close tussle and the vaulting prize was even longer in being auguries W Welch, who shared sent mr null third money) with 1! I bin Is, t light weight of en client reputation, bird a peculiar style of lilting himself which rifled the laws of gravitation He would make an apparently feeble jump, then poise himself on his arms and he himself slowly up in the most surprising fashion long after all the impetus of the spring has gone 'the winner, II Horn accomplished his record 19ft lin it the vi) hat to) and when the tired judges were about to divide the whole of the stakes among the three men. The prize for the most tasteful Highland costume, exclusive of ornaments, tell to Mr C Rennie, who with his silver mounted That Jack pistols dark, and heraldry, complete letter) detail, answers iiillgotup Those whose opened for this prize formed one of the picturesque groups which were photographed during the afternoon by M'Alpme Bros of 1 nst inclement The entire programme, which contained in events, was got through in good time, and the spectators had every reason to be satisfied with the way the society had catered for their amusement, The nriitnt,einents, which were well concerted work and smooth!) thing is to the zealous efforts of the large staff of paid s and other owners who placed their services at the disposal of the soil city He Inn -secretary) Mr John Macdonald, and Mr C Miiednuill assist at -cereal rv, ire desert mc, of a speed d w Old of ( limmen II lion for the e art) manner in which they cooperated with the council who clear!) possess the ability to organise and the hands coercive whatever is necessary to enhance the prestige of the Caledonian Society) The following is the prize list - till MUSICAL IllilUCIIs AND MARCHES Vice pes left Mr au i i lie of a.. ->- Judge. V Cbbi Alex Cameron i V I Cal lemon, W 1 Mr less an I Donald Moor person I ever Hriico 1 L! Morrison A Wattle -5 " . Seven come] editors Each competitor gave in a list of three times from a inch the Judges Selected those to ! i p lay cel HILL" Mill HANDICAP Its Judges-Messrs. HUA Harrison's J Runting, H I Wardill an 1 Major Robertson W Wilson Jim J i«ls 1 I League) JOidB I Deuchar!) IO v Is I , Time 1m '-9s protest entered against Wilson by the Rev for incorrectness formulates historic tour of there. rmtovviNr Tin itrifT Hasiiiut bills thrown standing Mr Thomas M Kellar prizes of 21 and 22 a Judges-Messrs R M Dougall, A M I or, and Sir A Nicolson II Horn Mt. Hin Hill s 1 Iciiiln.,- Mit. 7in 2 D Creed BoTt On 3 Ten competitors QUOIT 1 LATING Quoits handed to him In diameter, any weight We fined 15 yards Judges-Messrs!. A Kerr, A M har C S Paterson and J P Tennant I Drt minded I J M Hendrick 2 C Tanner J Tw civ e c competitors DAbClNQ-HMtf or AMI HTll VESSELS Mr Matthew Lang a prize of the Judges Messrs I S Butters, A F Cameron J M Macgregor, W 1 Macgregor, and C S Paterson 22 Bond 1 II I Fellows ?! Vim Fraser S Twelve competitors PUTTING THE llrAV. STONE, 2lb Scotch style, 7ft stepping space Mr Alexander Cameron a prize JLJ Hi Judges-Sir A Nicolson Messrs le, McDougall and A. M Ivor D Creed,-Oft. His 1 It Home, Suit. in a Win Talbot 20ft Hon J. J Eight competitors SEDGMAN" HANDICAP 10 00 mid410yards 1 points,-, 3, and 2 First event UK) sails Judges Major Robertson, Messrs H 0 A ilnirlson.W J Hunting, and B J W Wardill J) V Leslie -yds 2 H S Dickson 7yds - II issued 9yds 2 Time, 12s Ivy give competitors BOYS' RACE, Under 16 50 yards Miss M Farlane and Son a I nye, gold medal Post handicap Judges Messrs li G A. Harrison, W J Hunting', B J M no ball and Major Robertson It M Kenzie, Dears I I I Its 14 Years " D McCubbin, 18 years I M Kenzie was protested against on the ground that he w is over 10 years of ago Twenty competed D-NCIIO-GILLI! CALLUM Mr Thos Baillie a prize of ii rs. Judges-Messrs J S Butters A F Cameron J M Macgregor W P Macgregor, and C S Paterson Win courts E T Munro 2 A protest was entered against Coutts gild Munro on at count of taking off their sporrans Ten competed allOWING THE IHJAV- IIAMMUt -Slb, standing Mr Murdoch M Dcods prize of £3 Is. Inge Sir Arthur Nicolson, Messrs Robert M Dougall! and Andrew M Ivor Hein) Home Port On 1 G Fleming, 7ft 6in J Roberts Dom Left 'to J Mue competitor. HEM DRESSED HirllL.NDEH vice president II Digger a prize, of £5 fa Judges Um Macgregor, R S Butters, A.F Cameron C S Paterson and J M Macgregor C. Rennie 1 There were nine entries Ornament- victo not taken into account The winner wore a dress of the Royal Stewart tartan, complete in every detail and accoutrement CVfEDOMttN HANDICAP Second event 300yds Judges Major Robinson Messrs R O A Harrison, W J Hunting, and B I Wardill D M Leslie, 10) di 11 points 1 H S Dickson 14yds S points 2 D M Kenzie, TOday, points 3 Time 32 2 is HOP, STEP AND JUMP Judges-Major Robertson Messrs R C A. Harrison, RJ Randall W J Hunting P Gorman, 4ft 10in t M J Dwyer. 12ft 10in at Four competed Tie the stakes was also divided run Na mi i tone sroNi' ICIb "ft standing space Mr Duncan M Gregor's i size £2-, Judges Sir Arthur Nicolson, Robt. McDougall, A M Ivor D J Cameron 17ft Tin 1 Hobt. Horn MID Hu - D Crees! Heaft. On 3 Til have computed HID MUSICAL FIS AND STRATHSPEYS Mr Simon Fraser s prize of iii is Ridges-Messrs Wm. VI Gregor Dugald Main, herson, Alex Cameron and A I Cameron Hnht Morrison 1 Malcolm Campbell 2 V III Fraser J Mno i compete 1 Each competitor gave in a list of three reels and three a rath»pn)s, from which the judges selected those to be played TOSSIVI Tilt CIVUFlt Judges-Sir Arthur Nicolson, Messrs Robert M Doug-Hand A M Ivor Henry Horn 44ft Tin 1 Robert Horn unit 4lb 2 6 Homing left flin J Eleven compete 1 RUNNING IN. DUMP ivo weights to be carried Judges-Major Robertson Messrs H C A Harrison B R Randall, and W J Smith W V! son Jim and D J Cameron tied jumping belt. lin and Ulv ided tim stages. Thirteen com 1 cted DVNCINR-HKIIIfAND MIND AND SFAMTIUIS Mr H B Donaldson a prize of 26 6s Judges Messrs. Wm VI Gregor I s Butters, A 1 Came ron C S L Paterson, J M Macgregor Richard Kilowa 1 Mr A stewart i 2 Ten competed RUNNING HIGH HE JP Mr James Richmond a prizes of £3 3s and £2 2s hides Major Robertson, Messrs H C A Hair been II I Wardill and W I Hunting I Gorman J Harris) and K Ebbels tied, jump to" fit in and divided the stakes Dlghtccu coin noted OLD BUFFERS RACE. lOOvarth- Major Robertson's trophy, value £11 Gs Open to members. of the society over to years of age Judges-Major Robertson, Messrs H C A Harrison, W J Rundle, and U 1 Wardill Malcolm Ritchie 1 A heir N M'Leod J Six competed BEST DRESSED BOY UNDER 12 v Vice-President M Gregor a prize, of £3 3s Judges Messrs W Macgregor, J S Butters, A i. Como ron C S Paterson, and L M Macgregor Win Stewart D)on 1 Alex Ross I Tait Jim n t has Crabb 0 DAM Asltll 0 -five entered and the judges recommended that a small medal should be given to each competitor lUaOl WATSON HlOllLAlfDHlS A-AINST-OlOV. t AÎÎDUtS Judges Colonel Mair, Colonel Templeton, and Captain mill John Gordon (captain) Dow Lauder J Clark (captain) Highlander 1 Peace (captain) Dow Lauder Gordon a steamboat Peace a team, and pulled the Highlanders and won after a prolonged contest. It was a condition that Highlanders were to be proved by acquaintance with Gaelic \AUI-fb_ WITH I OIE. Mr William Halliday s prize £3 18 Judges-Major Robertson Messrs li C A Harrison, B J W Wardill, and W J Hunting' Henry Horn 10st. 4lb J T Welch and ID Ebbels cleared 7ft 2in and divided second and third money) All! the winners received extra guinea for clearing over lOIt Six competed BEST PIPER. Mr John D Currie's prize of £5 Ga lodges W P Macgregor, D Macpherson, A Cameron, A I Cameron M Campbell T W Fraser was the only other competitor The papers to be eligible had to be Scotchmen by birth as he had served In one of the ten Highland regiments soldierlike appearance was taken into account in awarding the prize . each competitor played three times 11V10VCT F "RCtSh. Mr Samuel Renwick prize of 10s Judges Colonel Mair, Colonel Templeton and Captain H Jones CALEDONIAN HANDICAP Tlih 1 event, 440yds Judges-Major Robertson H S Dickson 18yds 1 D M I came 1 yds 2 R M Kenzie 15yds 2 Ti M Leslie won the handicap with 11 points, II 9 Dickson being second with 14 and H M Kenzie third w ill 4's in on s lions UPE. Captain James McMeckan prize Judges Messrs Wm Macgregor R S Butters A . Cameron, C S L Paterson and J M McGregor Richard shows 1 W Bond W A Stewart 3 Eight convicted pine MUSIC The pr sident a prize of 439 10s and the pastorship of the Society for the ensuing year Open to prize tal crs In the pibroch an 1 dance music competitions Judges Messrs Wm Macgregor Dugald Macpherson Alex Cameron and V S Cameron It Monibon 1 Mai Cuni belt was highly commended there being no becond I r e like competed OB3.A0I F HADE Judges-Major Robertson Messrs H C A Harrison, H J Wardill, and W J Hunting R K Jackson 1 r Hull 2 E Hall 3 T H robert came in first but MOB disqualified for not got improper through noose Tencompcted DANCIM- UTI OF TULLOCH Messrs O S Paterson Bros prize medal, value Xo s. open to all who enter for reels Highlandman and Gillie Callum Judges- Messrs Mr Macgregor I b Butters, A P Cameron C S 1 Stenson and J M McGregor J Pete 1 M Grant launch with (iivsuitvO Over eight hurdles 3ft the high 41l))ards Julie -Major R Robertson Messrs. ULA Harrison M J Runting li J Wardill 1 licence In his 1 0 c Smith 6yds M Wilson jim fjords J Set sixteen competed fine horses sWUNG HIGH I (Al Vlr IC Cameron's prized Les-Major Robertson, Messrs li C A Harrison B J M Wardill, and M J 1 uniting. i h Waters 4ft in 1 P Gorman, 41. tim 2 To cite competed 