? ? [By Telegraph. | Melbourne, February 27. V.R.C. MEETING. [From our S pecial Reporter.] Business on the Newmarket has been pretty brisk again to-day. Coronet did another good gallop in the morning, and pleased so mucn that from 10 to 1 he came to 7.to 1, a price which was taken freely. Tonight Prometheus keeps firm at 7 to 1, bntSir Garnet has flucitiated, and at one time tonight he was at 10 to 1, which was occasionally offered, but this was readily snapped .up, and then 8 to 1 became his price. Sheet Anchor is reported lame, and has receded to 100 to while there seems any quantity of money forthcoming against Salvo. Several outsiders were introduced to-night. Topaz was backed for some thousands, and so were Lavington and Town Mior for the Leger. Five to 4 is offered against Silver King, 2 to 1 against Mozart, and 3 to 1 against David for the Champion; 2 to 1 is'Commotion's price, and there ia a decided disposition to back Off Colour. Prices in the Newmarket are 7 to 1 against Coronet (taken), 7 to 1 against Prometheus (taken and offered), 8 to 1 against Sir Garnet (taken and offered);? 12 to 1 each against Battailous and Salvo (offered), 100 to 6 each against Sheet Anchor and Lavington (offered), 20 to 1 each against Mascotte, Jack, Leporello, and Copingsby (taken and offered), 25 to 1 against Town Moor and Topaz (taken), 33 to 1 against Middlemarch, Marie Louise, Garfield, Duenda, Ghost, Mistake, Alphabet, Velocipede, Surrey, and others. Legrand died last night. Rain set in at 4-o?cltfek this afternoon, and pievented msfty people from visiting the training - griiund to" see the Newmarket horses canter. In most of the races to-morrow the nelds will be Email, and Mr. White appears to have the Two-year-old Stakes at his mercy. The Essendon Stakes will probably see Malua, Commotion, Plunger, Reginald, and Off Colour at'the post. In his spring form Malua would win, but I believe the weak hock has been troubling him again, and if he is not at his best he will be beaten. Commotion is very well, and I think he will win under the circumstances, es'oecially if something goes to cut out the running for him. The Ascot Vale Stakes will bring out about six runners, and Mr. White should be able to win with either Monte Christo or Uralla, while Dunlop and Antonio may get places. The Leger is reduced to four runners, and I shall stick to David, though he may be beaten for the want of pace. There has never been so much gambling over the Newmarket Handicap, and at least a dozen horses have been backed for very heavy stakes. I fancy it will require a genuine racehorse to win, and judging by looks and performances on the training-ground Sir Garnet, Prometheus, ConiDgsby, Topaz, and Coronet should provide the winner, and of the five I prefer stand by Sir Garnet, whose gallop Wednesday was the best I have ever seen done at Flemington. He may not care about a severe straggle perhaps, but those who know most about him have no fears on this score. Mr. White has Uralla and Matchlock engaged in the Hopeful Stakes, and one of the pair should win, while in the Brunswick Stakes Helene and Little Sister or Conjecture look dangerous. 