VICTOEIAN COUBSING CLUB. W ATESL00 CUP MEETING, (FHOM NBTLAD.) The dinner and arrangements in connection with the Cup meeting were successfully inaugurated on Tuesday evening.! The customary banquet took place in the Union Club. Mr.' H. M'Quade, M.L.A. for the Hawkesbury district, New South Wales, occupied the chair, and waB supported on the right by Mr. M'Cullocb, of Victoria, and on the loft by, Mr. Thomas Bromell. A great number of gentlemen representing the coursing interests of the different colonies were present. AmoDg those from New South' Wales were Messrs. C. C. Skarratt, J. D. Hamilton, and C. W. Broniilow. The toasts of the " Queen" and the " Presi- dent, Sir W. J. Clarke," were proposed, and drunk with musical honors. After tho removal of the cloth, the public were admitted to the room at a fee of half a guinea, and tho draw then proceeded. A great amount of speculation ensued, both on individual courses and straight out. Tho following prices were taken and offered during the evening :-Long odds, 1000 to 140 against Melfo-t, tk ; 1000 to 100 Castanet, tk ; 1000 to 100 Leolino, tk ; 1000 to 70, Siesta, tk and off ; 1000 to 50, Red Hind, tk; 1000 to 50 Wilful Chester, tk and wanted; 1000 to 45 Monsoon, tk and wanted; 1000 to SO Pleasant Girl, off ; 1000 to SO Corangamite, tk ; 1000 to 20 Glendubb, tk ; 1000 to 20 Moss Rose, tk ; 1000 to 20 Tom Sayers, off ; 1000 to 20 Mongoose, tk ; 1000 to 20 Robust, tk ; 1000 to 20 Ballarat Willie, tk ; 1000 to 20 Rhodantho, tie ; 1000 to 20 Wild Emilv, tk¡ 1000 to 20 Ballarat Winnie, tk ; 1000 to 20 Sussex, tk¡ 1000 to 20 Commotion, tk; 1000 to 16 agst Truthful, tk ; 1000 to 15 Sherwood Stag, tk; 1000 to 15 Lyra, tk; 1000 to 15 Werribee Dove, tk ; 1000 to 15 Pavilion, tk; 1000 to 15\. Waimera, tk ; 1000 to 10 Blessing', tk ; 1O00 to 10 Lady Audley, 2nd off; 1000 to 10 Quinine, tk; 1000 to 10 Parade, tk and off; 1000 to 10 Sam's Luck, off; 1000 to 10 Hero'B Luck, off; 1000 to 10 Master Mason, tk and off ; 1000 to 10 Lord Lyon, off ; 1000 to 10 Werribeo Eve : 1000 to 10 Cap-a-pie, off; 1000 to 10 Master Willie, tk and off; 1000 to 10 Substitute, tk; 1000 to 10 Clara Crosby, tk ; 1000 to 10 Silver King, tk; 1000 to 10 Poinstaker, tk; 1000 to 10 Waldemar, tk; 1000 to 10 General Gordon, tk ; 1000 to 10 Philleno, tk ; 1000 to 10 Melville's Gift, off ; 1000 to 8 Mockanger, tk ; 1000 to 5 Marshal M'Mahou, tk; 1000 to 5 Castaña, tk; 1000 to 5 Jumbo, tk; 1000 to 5 Meter, tk. FIRST DAT-WEDNESDAY, JULT 15. MELBOURNE, Thursday. WATERLOO CUP. First Round, Blessing beat Hartley Suininebeat.SherwoodStag lendubh beat MOBS ' ! Parade beat Sam's Luck - . .' Here's Luck beat Truthful ; MarBb_lM*Mahonbeat£yi*§ ? 'I » ï -THT Lord Lyon boat Queen Be« Peasant Girl beat Cap-a-pie Siesta beat Cloud. Master Willie beat Busby body "t Roy beat Wilful Chester Tom Sayers beat Castalia Werribee Dove heat Familia Mongoose beat Atalanta . ' * Robust beat Papillon Corangamite boat Waiwera. Sostenuto beat Clara Crosby Rhodauthe beat Ballarat Wiiliû Monsoon boat Chime Silver King beat Mockauger Painstaker beat Wild Emily General Gordon beat Waldema li. Ballarat Winnie beat Breachloau«.« Philistine beat Melville's Gift Master Watson beat Jumbo Duchess of Kew beat Sussex Merry Maid beat Lady Audley II. Melfort beat Phillinat Castanet beat Commotion Meter bent Xicoline Werribee Eve beat Snnveller Rod Hind beat Lord Binny. Second Round. Quinine beat Blesßinjf Gleudubh beat Parade Here's Luck beat Marshal M'Mahou, Pleasant Girl beat Lord Lyon Siesta beat Master Willie Wilful Chester beal Tom Sayers, Werribee Dove beat Moongooso Robust heit Corangamite Rhodonthe beat Bostenuto. Silver King beat Monsoon } Painstakcr beat General Gordon ! Ballarat Winnie beat Philistino Duchess of Kew beat Jumbo ' i Melfort beat Merry Moid Cn stauet boat Lcoliue Werribee Eve beat Red Hind. SECOND DAY, THURSDAY, JU_- ? WATERLOO Our. . Third. Round. §uinine beat Glendubh k iere's Luck beat Pleasant Girl Siesta beat Wilful Chester Robust beat Werribee Dove * Rhodaiithe beat Silver King Painstaker beat Ballarat Winnie Melfort beat Duchess of Kow Castanet beat Werribee Eve. Fourth Round. Quinine beat Here's Luck Siesta beat Robot t Rhodantho beat Painstaker Castanet beat Melfort. PURSE. First Round. Hartley bent Sherwood Stag Same Luck ran a bye Moss Reno drawn Faithful beat Lyra Queen Bee drawn Cap-a-pie drawn Clouu boat Busybody ' Castua beat Roy Pamkea beat Atlanta Waiwera beat Papillon Clara Crosby beat Willie Cheotor Chime beat Mockanger Wild Emily drawn Waldciman II. a bye ' Jumbo beat Sussex Phillina boat Lady Audley II. Leoline beat Commotion Lord Binney beat Snavoller. _ ¡second uounu. Hartly beat Sam's Luck Tiuthful a bye Castaña beat Cloud Waiwera beat Pamina Chime beat Clara Croßby Waldemar IT. a bye Melville's Gift drawn Philistine beat Jumbo " J' 'Leoline beat Lord Binning. "' "\ WATERLOO PX.ATJP. First Round. Parade beat Blessing Lord Lyon boat Marshal M'Mahon * 'Tom Sayers beat Master Willie \- Corangamito and Soslcnuta ran byes! together, their opponents having been drawn. , ' . PhiliBthie beat General Gordon Master Watson beat Merry Maid Red Hind a bye, FiR8T DAY. t Thetlviitocnib anniversary of the Waterloo Cup, under the auspices of the Victorian Coursing Club, opened under favorable auspices, so far as the weather and attendance were concerned. When the first "specials" left tho Spencer-street railway station, a heavy tog enveloped tho citv, but at Diggers' Rest it cleared off, after which a gloriously Ano day followed. No less than 2000 spectators weie present before the first braco of dogs were handed over to Dick Banner, i he slipper. Many of the visitors hailed from New South Wales and tho neighboring colonies. The ground was m excellent order for greyhounds, while the hares were as stout as could he desired. Mr. E. Gatenby officiated as judge, while Mr. Munday made a very aotive secretary. The Iii st round of the Cup had the usual num- ber of surprises in store for backers, most noticeable of which was Leoliue, whom Mr. H. E. Lord íecently dis- posed of for 275 guineas. The duughter of Hopmarketi îeit the slips with Meta, the odds being 4 to 1 on fier ; but after leading up, and twico exchanging, she died away to nothing. Old Rhodanthe surprised everybody by her brilliant performance over Ballarat Willie aud Postennts. Tho New South Wales puppies Blessing and Parade made a poor effort to sustain the honor of their colony. Unfortun- ately Tam O'shanter and Guess both wont amiss; about the two best dogs to uphold the credit of New South Wales. Melville's Gilt, a Now Zealand representative, made a sorry display ogainst Philistine, who in turn went down before Ballarat Winnie. Monsoon went down in the second round. Ho is evidently not reliable, and should find moro pleasant places in the kennel. Melfort fully sustained the confidence reposed in him, hy defeating smart Phillino, and Merry Maid. Next round Siesta ran her courses well, so did Werribee Dove. I fancy the cup* should he ap- . propriated by either Whodanthe or Melfort, CUP (First Round.)-Blessing reached her hare three lengths in front of Hartley, andgoing wide offher second turn placed the Victorian rsprosentative for two points. An exchange followed, and the N.S.W. bitch got well placed. She then gave place to Hartley, who fell leaving Blessing a nico winner to cover. After a gi eat struggle Sherwood Stag just gained the turn by a clear length, and fell. Quinine rarely allowing the Stag another point to cover. Moss Rose was two lengths further than Glcndnbh for tho turn, and tho counting the next two points gave an opening to her opponent. A few neat exchanges followed, and Gleudubh drove a co%or, a close winner Paiade led Sam's Luck three lengths until nearing the lane, when the latter drew past, but slipping the N.S.W. puppy, gained the turn and next point before the Northcote repiesentativo was allowed a chance of scoring, A few nico exchanges and Parade well won, when puss escaped. Here's Luck, contrary to e:ipoctations, led up to Truthful four lengths, and coming round cleverly off his turn, had such a strom? oponin^ account that it was next to iinpoBsiblo for Truthful when placed to equalise matters before the hare escaped to a pretty slip. Marshal MacMahon and Ljra ran locked together until nearing the hare, when the former drew clear out tor the turn, then exchanged, when Marshal MacMahon displaying most pace, finished up an easy winner. Lord Lyon reached his hare six lengths in front _ oE S leen Bee, coming round for the next turn, when placing clatter, however, she declined to keep her place, and Lord Lyon managed to raise tho flag in a slovenly run trial, when Queen Be 3 killed. Cap-a-pie was quickest from slips, but, a strong hare breaking, let Pleasant Girl have the first turn. Both dogs rushed wildly for the next four turns, afterwhich thedaughter of Weo Cabh steadied down to her work, and won a fast-run trial to cover to a good strong hare. Siesta placed ten lengths between Cloud, and, going _ well on the Hue of her hare, never gavo a chanco in a good trial to cover. Master Willie, with the odds of 4 to 1 cn bim, quickly placed a gap of twelve lengths between Busybody, and, keeping well on tho line of »his game for a succession of meritorious points, gave place to his opponent, who became very busy, but too late to equalise affairs when the-hare escaped. The favorite tired perceptibly at the finish. Roy was quickest out-of'«dips, but passed by Wilful Chester, the latter reaching __a have at least six lenjcths in aaviuica » Und throughout a moritorious trial only allowed Roy to score twice before the hare escaped. Tom Sayers, .with.the odds of 2 to 1 on him, reached his game three lengths in front of Castaña in a modérai ely run trial, and won easily. When puss made her escape, Pamina, althoughobtaining a Blight advantage, slips was passed by Werribee Dove, who never gave her opponent a ghost of a show. In one of the v best run courses of the day, Mongoose placed about ten lengths between himself and Atalanta so far as tho turn, and ia the next point exchanged. The Glenroy puppy took command, and during avery trying couse acquitted bimseil admirably. Carangamito led Waiwera four lengths, and rattling up the first eight points gavoan opening to his oppo- nent for two points, then finished up a nice winner to cover. Bostenuto led up Clara Crosby, and, scoring a strong early account before placing the latter for a strong account, but not sufficient to equalise matters befoi o the bare escape*!. Tne trial was a very close one. Rhodantho reached ber liare three lengths in advance of Ballarat Willie, and, "keeping selfish possession of her gamo for Beveral . strong wrenches, flicked her hare, then placed her opponent. Another exchange to Ballarat Willie, killed cleverly, and extinguished any little chance lie might have in possession. Chime led for nearly a hundiod yards, when Monsoon drow past for the turn, and holding his place for the next, shifted puss round to his opponent. A few exchanges followed, whon the last year's runner up went away in command, andmon a rather slovenly run trial. Silver King and Mookanger wont away very widely from the slips, and throughout a lengthy trial, the superior paco of Silver King enabled him to raise tho flag in his favor. Wild Emily was qiuckest from the slips, and led for nearly fifty yards, when Painstaker drew out, and throughout a short trial Bcarcoly allowed his opponent to score, when he turned the hare to Emily, who killed and lost, contrary to expectations. The great Wal deiner the Second was led hy General Gordon, and never allowed to scoro a solitary point to cover. Ballarat Winnie led. Breechloader, and scarcely allowed ' the latter a chance, when she rounded bim and cleverly killed. Phillistino led up Melville's Gift six lengths, wrencbed thrice, killed, and won in a short trial. Master Watson led Jumbo two lengths wben nearing I the hare, which shifted and gave Jumbo the turn, keeping ? his position for a number of weak wrenches. His opponent reBpondod for a few turas, when Jumbo again took com- mand, and appeared to have it comfortably, wben tbe flag dono tod to the contrary. Duchess of Kow, contrary to ex- pectations, led up Master Watson, and never allot»ed him to count before to 03capo. Morry Maid stretched out four lengths in advance of Lady Audley II. ; and, keep- ing her place nicely for tho next braco of points, sent tho hare round to Lady Audley, who wrenched strongly, then fell, leaving her opponent a handsome winner to cover. Melfort, tho great favorito, led up Phillina tbreo lengths, and going a trifle wide at his turn, placed big opponent in the next stretch. Mr. Chirnside's representative was again placed, but the haro persisting in breaking favored Melfort, who torminatod a good trial with a kill. Commotion drew away ßix lengths from Castanet, but on nearing the hare the latter made up ground, leaving Commotion a length lead, when he Bwung the hare round; another ex- change, and Castanet won her course all her*bwn way, Leoline readied her haro four lengths in ad vaneo of Meter, and after the first two exchanges the groat flyer was never allowod to score. In a moderate trial Werribee Eve took a commanding lead of Snaveller, and going witb great fire and determination, never allowed her opponent a point of real merit. > Red Hiud led Lord Binning.flve lon-jthB, and going in great form, hnrdly allowed her opponent ,a show, when the hare escaped. Second Round.-Quiuiuo lod Blissing three lengths, and throughout a good working trial the former won all in a ashion. Glondubb led up four lengths io. front of Parado, and tho hare trippinx, the latter killed, and lost an unsatis- factory trial to tho loser. Here's Luck put a gap of ton lengths between himself and Marshal MacMahon, and throughout a well run trial Hores Luck won handsomely. Although Lord Lion displayed place ovor Pleasnnt Giri to the hare, the latter well out-countod him whon tho haro came to griof. Siesta roached her hare three longths before -Taster Willie, and koeping hor place selfishly for á succession of strong wrenches gavo place ?to her opponent, who then mxdo several, wrenches, but could jfofc equalise matters before the hare escaped. Wilful Chester lod Tom Sayers from tho Blips, but tho latter draw- ing up on tho inaido gained tho turn, after which Wil- ful Chester displayed- both paco and cloverness, over his opponent. Werribeo Dove led Mongoose four lengths, and rattled np the first six points boforo tho Darby winner gainod an opening. A few exchauges, and Werribee Dovo, While in, possession drovo hard and fell, performing a similar feat. Later on, the course' was long and distressing, Mongoose killing and losing. Corangamite reached his hare first by favor of Robust, then turnotl and wrenched, when tho former Rilled and appeared to have just won when the flag # denoted otherwise, icho öanthe stretched out six lengths in advance of Bosteuuto, and only allowed the latter a few points, when tbo hare escaped. Monsoon led from the slips until neariug the hare, whou Silver King dashed up on tho inside and, driving hard, flecked his bare. Both dogs then collided. From this out Silver King won all 0110 Way. Painstakor lod General Gordon, and allowed the latter a few woalr points towards tho finish of tho trial. Ballarat Winnie and Philistino reached their bare almost locked together ; but, tho hare shifting, allowed Philistine the turn. An oxchange followed, when the last named got ossession, and appeared to havo fairly outcouuted tho itch, whon the flag was raised in her favor. Master Watson was five lengths faster than Duchess of Kew ; but, losing his place at the next turn, was outworked by bis opponent. Molfort went away in good form beforo Merry Maid, and obtaining the tura by four lengths, kept possession for a fow series of strong wrenches, then placed Ms opponent, who wrenched and killed thus ex- tinguishing her chance. To a Btrong hare, Castanet led Motor fiv« lengths, and allowed her opponent a few points, when she drove to cover, a nice winner. Contrary to the prevailing opinion, Worribeo Eve lod up Red Hind and placed her, but always displayed paco over her opponont on the racing stretches, which, enabled her to win decisi- vely. ¡ SECOND DAY. . Delightful weather again accompaniod the second effort of the Victorian Coursing Club with the Waterloo Cup. The attendance was large. Shortly after noon his Excellency Sir H.-'Looh and party arrived per special train, where a dra-ç waaawaiting.and was tooledbySirW. J. Clarke's son to the oval, preceded by a dctaohmont of tho Nordenfeldt Bat- tery. ' His' Excellency was entertained at lunohoon by the committee of tho club," and beforo taking his departuro'frora the grounds ho expressed himself pleased with the sport. The card comprised forty-four course-3, but owing to the withdrawal in tho Purse of Moss Rose, Queen Bee,.Cap<ipie, and Melville's Gift in the second, besides the drawing of Mongoose, Monsoon, and Exetor from the Plato reduced tho tisfcby two courses. All the trials were of a satisfactory nature, hares running fairly strong, but hardly equal to J that of the opening day. Wo commenced with the second round of Cup when Quinine just dofeated Gléndubh.' Pleasant Girl was most fancied againBt I Here's Luck, but the superior pace of the latter euabled bim to win. Siesta never left her trial with Wilful Chester in doubt, and Robust as easily defoatcd Werribee Dove Rbodanthe displayed all her old dash and determination oVer Silver King, and Pamstakor outcounted Ballarat Win- nie at all ends. Melfort, although just defeating the Duchess of Kew with a trifle to Bpare, appeared to tiro at the finish. Castanet made short work of Werribee Eve in an equally ohorttrial. The secondroundwitnessedriie downfall of Here's Luck after showing pace over Quinine, while Robust received a similar dressing from the game and constant Siesta. Thoro woo no doubt of the vast supe- riority of old Bbodanthe over Painstaker. The sensation of the day was the downfall of tho favorite Melfort by Castanet, the latter loading and nevor allowing Mr. Chirn» side's dog a show. In the Plate Philistine and Rod Hind look like witnessing the end, while Truthful, Phdlina, and looline are about the best of those left in tho Purse. -CUP (Third Round).-Quinine was a couplo of lengths faster than Gloudubh, and, holding her place for several Btrong points, drove and fell. Her opponent accepted the chance ana rattled np a fov wrenches, again giving place to Quiuine. Two exchango3 and tho latter fell a second time, but had won comfortably when tho hare escaped. Here's Luck displayed pace over Pleasant Girl to a regular dodgy hare, and when tho latter sent her game round .Here's Luck killed and just won. Siesta reached her hare a clear length in advance of Wilful Chester, and holding her place for tho next drove a hard-logged hare and foil. Wilful Chester took advantago of the opening, and nearly equalised matters, when Siesta again fell and out-connted the Chester dog, when pusa escaped. Werri- bee Dove getting a slight advantage from the sbps led "Robust, but the litter quickly drew out for the turn. An exchange ensuod, when tho Dove began to display unmiB tikable signs of waiting for her hare ; and, when puss esoaned, Robust was a good winner, Rhodxntho sneaked away nearly four lengths before Silver King, who turned and served herself, the hare breaking pact back to Silvor King. An exchange followed, and Rhodanthe was once moro well placed, nearly at the top of the oval. Two more exchanges ensued, leaving the old bitch a good winner, when pnss escaped. To a strong hare Painstaker led Ballarat Winnie nearly threo lengths, turned, and wrenched, the former then nicking m a for 0. wrench. However, the hare, racing clean away, gave Painstaker a chance of displaying superior pace over his opponent, and hoisting the flag. Duchess of Kow led from tho slips, but was passed before a hundred yards had been traversed by Melfort, who turned, then went very wide ; but on the next opening offering itself the favorite mado matters very unsettled, and ovo'itually drove to cover a good winner. Castanet led up Werribee Eve to a weak hare, and running round the latter in a short course, killed and won. *°' PURSE (First Round).-Sherwood Stag drew pastHartly as the hare was aeared, and, holding his place for a few wrenches, gave an opening to Hartly, who never let his opponent in again, and won. Sam's Luck ran a bye. Moss Rose was drawn. Truthful led Syrel nearly fifteen lengths, and beat the latter pointless to covor. Cloud led up Busybody, but gave placo to the latter aftor tho first turn. Busybody equalised matters when her opponent carno again, and just managed to out-count the Tasmanian representative, when he killed, Castauialed and beat Roy pointless. Painina reached tho hare six lengths in advance of Atalanta, and mado all the easy points, but had «the hare stayed out for a little longer, the Last-named would just have won. Wuiwora, after the first turn, nevor gave Papella a chance. Ballarat Willie displayed pace over Clara Crosby, and looked all over a winner, until an opening was made,' when his opponent never aftorwards left matters in doubt. Chime led and out- counted Mock Angor. Owing to the withdrawal of Wild Emily, Wâldomar II. had the liare Buitrlehanded-a bye. Melville's Gift beat Breechloader along lead to cover. Jumbo, with theexception of a few wrenches near the cover, performed a similar feat ovor Sussex. Phillina led Lady Audley II., and in a short trial the latter Rilled and lost. Commotion for about two hundred yards hold a slight ' advantage over Looliuo, but nearing tho hare tho latter drew past, and won her trial all oneway. Lord Binning never gave Snavollera ghost of a chance in a moderate'spin to cover. PLATE (First Round) .-Blessing just drew clear of Parade for the turn, but could never hold her place afterward ; Mr. Park's puppy at last roversing the late otder of affairs. Lord Lyon lod Marshal Macmahon five lengths, turned, and exchanged with his ' opponent. ' Lord Lyon thon flecked his hare, «ml Marshal Mac- mahon killed and lost. Tom Sayers led Master Willto and drove straight his hare, and nearly fell. From this out a series of sharp exchanges ensued, terminating in favor of Tom Savers. Corantranute and Sostenuto ran their bye together. Phihstino, after leading General Gordon, only allowed his opponent threo points in a good working trial. Master Watson led from the slips for the turn, thon sent his hare round to Merryman, who beeame very brisk, but tired away, leaving Master Watson a handsome winner. Red Hind ran a bvo. Merpr was drawn. CUP (FourthRound).-Although Here's Luck lod from tho slips and turned, Quinine obtained an opening after an unsteady drivo, and then more than outcounted her op Ïionent in clevor style to cover. Siesta was led nearly six englhs from slip«* by Robust, but on noarihg the linro closed upon tha latter, just gaining the turn by a clear length. Au exohançofollowofl, and Siosta getting well placed never left the issuo in doubt, whoa puss esoaped. Rho danthe gained the turu half n length m advanco of Paina takor, and keeping her place for the next point, placed her opponent. When again in possession, she wrenched Beveral times, and cloverly picked up puss and won decisively. Castanet and Melfort loft the slips as if looked together, until approaching tho hare, when the former drew out two lengths clear for the turn, and coming round sharply kept hor possession, wiimiug all one way to cover. PURSE (Second Round).-Truthful ran a bye single handed. Ca&iana; lod up Cloud and did all the work in a short course, wbon the latter killed., Waiwera and Pamina left the slips as if locked together, tho former drawing out clear .on reaching the hare, and throutrhtut a neatly run trial Waiwera killed, and won. Chime led up Clara Crosby, turnod and placed the latter, who niado a sharp use of her haro. How- ever, her opponent carno again, and just won to cover. Waldemar II. ran a bye singlehanded. Melville's'Gif b was drawn. Phillina led Jumbo, and did all the easy work, allowing the lattor tho kill. Lcoliñe lod up Lord Binning, and during a good worked trial vron cleverly. 