AMONGST "THE BOOKS. LITERARY GOSSIP. The youugUnynl Princes' Journal of thoil voyages in the Bacchante are likely to bo ready" for readers at the cud of April or beginning .-of' May. Mr. W. Harris is writing J. History ofthe Radical Party in Parliament, which traces the . growth of Bodical opinions in the English Sar-t lioment daring -tho last hundred years'. . . -'vY- The anthorof MuchHarlcer Days, a clever '" skit upon Hark Hays and Called Back, is Mr. "' Andrew Lang. Mr. Hugh Conway, tho author of Hark Hays, is said not to laugh .with Mr.; Lang and the public. Trinity College, Dublin, is about to start 'a new paper with the title The Httlilin JJrii ver sify Review. The first number was to, appear! , on 1st February, and the issuo will bebi- monthly, except during tho -long vocation. The original autographs of tho love letter? , addressed by John Keats to Miss Fanny Bra wne . in the years 1819-20 nro to -be sold by 'Messrs. Sotheby, Wilkinson and Hodge in March, to- , gothqr with six unpublished autograph letters' of Charles Linnb. Another instalment of Mr. Huskin's-rcprints from Modern Painters has been issued, 'It is the first part of , Coeli Enctrrant, the title now , given to tho " studies -of cloud form and ibf its. risible causes" in the fourth -and fifth - vol inner of the original book. Things of India made Plain t or., a Jour nalist's Retrospect, is the title of a new-book by- W. Martin Wood (formerly editor of thc Yi'raea- of India, and of the Bombay Review"), - To consist of four parts. Part I. lias just 'been- published by Elliot. Stock. ... Mr. Alexander Del Mar, formerly director of tho Burean of -Statistics of the United States, and author of a History of thePrccious Metals, has completed a History .of 'Money from- the earliest times to tho Middle Ages, upon which lie has been occupied for nearly twenty years. Mrs Pubis's now work, Judith Wynne, re-.. quired oil that lady's cleverness (and she has a good deal) to make, a passable novel out of. a story which.depcnds very much upon ghosts.an old servant's gossip, and a moody, gloomy owner, of a decayed houso .in a romoto part of Wales with " a enrso ahoutliim." Dr. P. Chr. AsbjUrnsen, the auliior of the. well known Norwegian Folk and Fairy Tales, died on the 6th January at Christiania, after having been confined to his bed for afcw.daya with inflammation of the lungs. Ho -had for many years been suffering from a distressing malady, and Iris health has for some time post been declining. Messrs. Macmillau and Co. have in .prepare-, tion a series of short biographies of English statesmen, not designedto be a complete roll of famous statesmen, but to present in -historic. order the lives and work of thoso. leading .actor - in our affairs, who hy their direct -influence have left an abiding mark on the policy,- the institn- . . tions and tbo nosition of Great Britain amour? . states. The fifth volume of the revised edition-el.- Bancroft's History of the United. States (Appleton's) is to all intents and purposes a history of. the Bcrolntionary War : it begins directly after the Declaration of Independence and ends with oho Treaty of Peace, , embracing, therefore, all the military operations of the wac except about a year and a half at the begin-, hing. / The forthcoming Memoir and Correspon dence ef General James Stuart Fraser, by >lris son CoL Hastings Fraser, contains -numerous - original letters from three Governors-General, Lord llardinge. Lord EUenherough nnd Lord Dalhousio ; from Lord Elphinstoue ; from Sir Walter Scott, who was a connection of General Fraser ; from the Rajah of Mysore ; .and from : . the late Sir Salar Jung. The Lady or the Tiger ? (David Douglas, Edinburgh) is the name, of a little-volume of . short stories hy Mr. Stockton, author of Rudder Grange, which in its early chapters had ranch of the strain of Mr. Bnrnand's happiest Happy Thoughts. Mr. Stockton's humor has its own flavor about it, which "might not he to every taste, just as many people, probably, most,- pre fer Syducy Smith to Charles Lamb. Mr. James partons sensation mating liuu tracts, Hoes it Pay to Sitole? and- Will thi: . Coming Man Prink Vine f ore lannehod anew Between two covers in Smoking and Prinking, :. Mr. Burton furnishes a preface to.this new ledi-- tion, in which ho holds it certain that V Henry -Clay could have been President, and. Daniel ' -Webster would have risen.to the higher rank of not wishing to be President, if both bad ne-' maiucd temperate men." - A poptilar edition of her Majesty's/recent work, More Leaves from..the Journal of a lstfe in the Highlands, is la the press, and will bo / ready for publication in the course of a tew weeks, says the Athenaum., Tho, now edition- will contain all Ihe woodcut illustrations which appeared in tho original cditionr together with wood engravings of tho portraits, and will be uniform with the popular edition of the Queen's previous work, Leaves from the Journal of our Life in the Highlands, , Friends nnd acquaintances of Professor Thorold Sogers, the junior member for Sonth- wark, will be much interested in the small . but delightful piece of 6elf-criticism contained in an article which he contributes to the new number of tho Contemporary : — " I onco travelled hy soa from Genoa to Marseilles in tho company of a Frenchman nnd a woman, the latter alone and in distress. I witnessed tho incessant and almost affectionate politcnoss of tho Frenchman, and regretted that I was not so acute and supple in my courtesies. But when we had all landed at Marseilles I saw that polite Frenchman seize the only cab that could be gotten, and leave the poor lady on the quay jor the practical attentions of the less demon strative Englishman." Archdeacon Farrar is a popular writer, and doubtless tho thousands who read his works un derstand every word of his pluin, simple English. A correspondent culls a fow of these simple words and phrases from his last work. Sorely the English middlo classes arc bettor educated than wo think : — Synthetic, tallitb, pallium, didactic, cscliatological, pseudony mous, hypostasis. ' anthropomorthic and an-, tliropopa'thic,' cryptograph, iggcroth, obsolea ccnce, 'torpedo-touch of hisavarice,' 'sacordohi i I micrology, ' a sharp paronomasia,' 1 galatin-- ling,' 'prized nomocracy,' 'the Ph-romo,! -»> hi nm rtMJiiinn-iii i n-i» invatoo,' dynasts, ' nfusile apostlo,' 'eternal iTotuneno, : 1 psendepigrophy,' tlio plectrum, tho isopsophia,' ' ft Intent paronomasia, ' tlio Crginstic character,' ' compaginated,, ' deraci- jUued.' " '"Messrs. Longmans are to publish the.liifo- iioqraphy <f Henry dnylor. lhc work was began some twenty years since, ami con- tinned as opportunity penuitted for at least ten years. The volume is reported to contain n uiiuc of every day reminiscences and facts. ' An intricate plot, sensational incidents, and constant motion, are given in Shadowed by Three, a detective story, by L. L, Lynch (Ward, Lock and Co.) If people must have sensational reading, it is supplied here in as harmless a form as possible. Save for the necessary introduction of n murderess, the whole tone of the hook is exceedingly good. The three detectives who figure in its pages are of course marvels of ingenuity and resource. One can only regret that their art appears to be falling into decay, judging by tlic successful manner in which daring crimes arc now per petrated with impunity. The autobiography of Tracy Turnerelli "Tire Old Conservative," has just been issued by Messrs. Field and Tuer, of Loudon, under the title of Manor i<s of a Life of 2'oil. "When tho people's tribute to Lord Beaconsficld, tho frimous gold-laurel wreath, w-ns before the public, it might hnve been inferred from the utterances of the Radical press, that Mr. Tracy Turnerelli was some sycophantic ofiico seeker, whose patriotic zeal was tempered with a judicious regard for the main chance ; and possibly some may have regarded _him as sonic loo zealous wire-puller of the Birmingham type, who was inspiring a popular movement for purely personal ends. But, now that all ex citement on the subject has long subsided, and Mr. Turnerelli has taken the public into Iris confidence by publishing an nutobiography, his own indication is complete. " The Old Con servative "is a man of liberal education, of some artistic and literary acquirements, and of atopic means. ' Messrs. Smith, Elder and Co. have issued Iho first volume of their Dictionary of National Biography, edited by Mr. Leslie Stephens. Tho work certainly has merits which distinguish it from other biographical dictionaries, but we must confess to a feeling of disappointment when its actual performances are compared with tlic promises of its pros pectus. Tho work is not complete, and bears traces of slovenly editing. With the excep tion of Michael Alexander, the mcshumad Bishop of Jerusalem, the only Hebrew figuring in the present volume is Grace Aguilar. How is it the Ahcndanas have been omitted 1 It cannot be becauso they were of foreign birth, for tho very first notice in the Dictionary is of a foreigner, Jacques Abbndie, who was 35 years old before lie settled in England. Nor can it bo that they were not of sufficient importance.- 18\. Isaac Abendana was nn esteemed teacher of Hebrew at Oxford and Cambridge, and a distinguished litterateur. Among tho many evidences of careless editing wo notice tlio omission of St. Thomas-ii-Bcckct, or of any cross reference to the famous " Archbishop" under " Becket." The blunder is unpnrdon- nble, for Gilbert-h-Beckct and his brother Wil liam both figuro in the present volume. Sir. Sydney L. Lee is among the most prolific, as weir as the pleosantest, contributors to tho new Dictionary, no less than nineteen articles being signed with his initials. In his new work ( Das Judcnthum in Gegen- wart tm Zukunfl ) ficrr von Hartmomi shows a clear insight into the Jewish character. The following extract from the chapter on Bacc is a notable example: — "The Jews are a thoroughly materialist people ; their materialism is, perhups, greater than that of any other nation, with the exception' of the North American. By practical materialism- I understand tho energetic and persistent striving after immediately attainable ends, without denying that these immediately attainable ends may, in their turn, lie the means to further aud higher ends! We shall see that such ideal ends .are by no means foreign to Judaism ; but they refer, so far as they, arc known, to a future which not only does not hinder, hut rattier impels it to concen trate its forces on the immediate present. Sobriety, moderation, patience, tenacity, elas ticity' under misfortune, diligence,' tliiiftmess, -frugality, domesticity, sense of family ties ( Familiensinn ), love of children, appre ciation and. respect of women, rever ence ' of parents, thirst for knowledge" aiid culture, zeal in study — these are "all'charac- teristics which serve the' practical. materialism of Judaism, and it is precisely because they da this that they achieve such, great .'results. In practical benevolence the Jews are a classic people, as decidedly superior to the passive sympathy of the Hindoo as to the unpractical almsgiving of tire Christian. Hypocrisy and Christianity support the labor-contemning, drone-classes of monks and nuns, and 'systemati cally perpetuate a state of beggiug idleness. Jewish benevolence gives alms only to those . who cannot work, or provides assistance for tlio prosecution of work. Christian charity iii Catholic practico has degenerated into a earicature of its Jewish type, aud Protestantism has stuck fast to its support of beggary. Jewish benevolence consequently still remains an ox- junple to us. Our modern law for enforcing assurance is only an attempt to coerce the Gor man people, under State guardianship, to do that ivhich the Jews have, from time immemo rial done for themselves — not to 6peiid their entire income." In his chapter on Religion, Herr Von Hartinann advises the Jews to give np their Judaism aud to form ft new religion, In concert with non-Jews who have abandoned Christianity.. 