Life at the World's End. LAPFORD, March 4. Although I adopted the above heading in a former communication, the name is but little known ; the locality being that passing under the more popular term of the ' World's End i^reeK, wnere me 01a siauon usea to dc, ana where the buildings, residence and all, still stand, in fact, both names are on the map ; but I choose the former title, because it is the township proper, and the centre of — civilization ! In this ilk, I mean. Wheat carting has now very nearly ceased, and stubble- burning, with other preparations for ploughing are the order of the day — a grammatical solecism, by the way. I do not think much wheat has been kept back, on account of low prices, by the farmers, what ever may be done by the buyers and speculators. This is a poor locality for news, but a right royal retreat for flies and ' bunged' eyes. From the evidences I see around me, I should re-baptize the township, and give it the digni fied and appropriate native title of ' Bunga Bunga !' or ' Bunga-Bunga-Eye.' Education is the uppermost question here just now, after agriculture, and I informed you that a beginning had been made in that direction. The intention was, to organize a school on the only available premises ; give it, say three months trial : and then, ii the attendance warranted it, to ask the aid of the Government in the matter. There is a reserve for the purpose, in a situation which must suit all parties, if they are not deaf to reason and blind to everything. A ' doginthe manger' policy on the part of any parent or section of parents just now, would, however, spoil all ; and some such reckless policy is being manifested in embryo, which, if per sisted in, will put an end to all chance of Government aid and patronage. On that point, more anon ; at present there is only a shadow looming, which may disappear, in fact it must disappear, or education on any efficient scale.must cease, so far as the World's End is concerned. It is a strange, lonely place to dwell in, this Lapford, or World's End, or ' Bunga-Bunga,' as I term it. I am beginning to feel like a ghost, walking every evening through streets where there are no houses ! As I stroll along — by moonlight, or otherwise — I enter into a sort of ghostly communion with, and observation of imaginary, unsubstantial, intangible beings. I pass an imaginary hotel, or office, or shop, and I see ghostly beings flitting to- and-fro. which have no existance save in ' the baseless fabric of a vision.' I see shopkeepers, as it were, flinging down bales of ' baseless fabrics' on unsubstantial counters, to ghostly customers, who pull imperceptible notes and coin out of invisible purses ; and, as these weird, un earthly ' customers' approach the semi-visible but, withal, non-existant doors, I raise my very substantial hat, and bow, with a grim smile to some lady like the one described by ' Sir Walter' in his strange tale called ' The Tapestried Chamber.' Such is ' Life in Lap ford.' Then my visions are varied. I see sedate and silent congregations passing in and out of unbuilt churches ; and public houses at corners, veritable ' castles in the air,' where crowds of tipsy, fantastic, and uproarious ghosts make the night hideous with unearthly sounds — the more unearthly because they are not heard at all ! What a ghostly paradox. So much for imagination and ' unsubstantial fabrics' of every description ! Very vivacious sort of life, is it not? Well, I think I've speculated enough on this deadly-lively subject, so I will return 'a moutons.' But when I penned that, I forgot that there is no fresh mutton to be had here. Salt 'beef, salt mutton, tenjours ' BceuP' a la' corned 1' I think I mentioned something about the delight and conveniences of entering upon a lonely ' Batchelors Hall' life in this 'city' with its population of pegs ; but not knowing the fate of my former letter — for I have not seen the Record for some weeks — I do not remember all I wrote, though the 'stone chair' stands near me, as a solid memento and reminder. The few trifling inconveniences I have to put up with, only furnish food for after amusement, though some of die contretempts are awkward as well as ludicrous. Opening a small box of sardines, for instance, with a pickaxe ! for want of a better ' tool,' is an exploit not often indulged in ; and it would puzzle the most accomplished connoisseur in the noble game of ' toss-penny,' to look at the said sardines, when opened, and tell heads from tails ! Verily, it was a savoury 'mess' — as savoury as the historical pottage planned and cooked by Esau and his shrewd mother ! Lnst night, as I performed my ghostly pere grinations through the pegged avenues and streets, a passage in ' Ossian' cherished in youth, came to my mind, as I passed on to some rocks which overhang the gurgling creek, the moon just rising : — ' Weep on the rocks of roaring winds, oh ! maid of Inistore. Bend thy fair head to the waves, thou, fairer than the Ghost of the Hills, when it stalks, like a sunbeam, thro' the silence of Morven !' I can only further add that the private school is doing very well, so far. A magnificent halo of gigantic dimensions and rather por tentious aspect, encircled ' the waning moon,' last night from 10.30 to 11.30. That chaste luminary was then above 40s in elevation, and the halo, which was a stormy looking one, was full 45° in diameter. Why do not some of your '' Merchant Princes' take a drive out here with their wives and Olive Branches, on high days and holidays ? The big gums, and the swift water gurgling over its pebbly and sandy bed, to say nothing of the crawfish and the picturesque waterfall, would cheer their hearts, little and big, and send them back to the dusty Buna delighted and refreshed. Besides, the town of Lapford and the renowned World's End Gorge is worth a trip. Town ship allotments ' going, going,' and surburban allotments going and gone, 15 acres at .£30 each. Come, ladies and gentlemen, ' roll up roll up,' in your vehicles and buy, buy, buy, as the marrow-bones- and-cleavers yell out in Dondon on a Saturday night. We should like to see you all especially the ladies and small olive branches, ' stalking, like sunbeams, thro' the silence of Lapford, '{ as Ossian — forgot to say ! 