AN;EXECUTION. . Yes, Jehn Brent, you were right when you h cslled LoggernelAlley aonh der of onu continent. I reomm er it nower-eony saws it then-for thosdettrong scenes of bnature assaalt the soul s h.bether it will or no, fight in against affirmative or negative resistance, and bide their time to be admittedas dominant over the imagination. It seemed to me tlhen that I was not noticing how wand ,the; precipiocs, how etupeudous the 2 deavages, tow riot and gleaming the rook faces iii Loggernet Alley, fly busiiess ewas not to 'taroabout, butos look saarp and ride hard; and a i did it i * Yet now Ian semember, distinct as if beheld it, everyiitridiofittat pas'.aod' eveeywteeeas I'eslt fout after fiit of' that fierce chasm; I men hmieo ien witth set faces- one deoathly pale nd ad -tearing a bloody turban-all galloping steadily .n, on an errand to savee nd to slay. Tcrrlloci~dito it. easl,Apaveuentof slippury, :leeerokot; great beds of loosoatones; booricadeu c f mithti' boulders, wrhere a cliff had fallen an ogn ao, before the days of the road-maker race; oricer where n unwaoryfoot imight catch; wide rifts khere a shaky horse might fall, or a timid iorseman drag him down. Terrible riding! 1 :nas where a calm tnraveller would go quietly ikiln hi stieps, "n kful if each hour counted etm asafo mile, Turrible riding. .Adnees to go as we went! -lorse and man any nmoment might either shatter irary lin But man and horse neither can inow what he can do, until he has dared and lone. On he went, with the old frenzy growi;g tenser.. Heart almostbroken with eagerness. *No Twhippig or spurring. Our horlae w co r part of turselves. While we could ge.,they would z ;B Sisce the water, they were full of leap again. Down in the shady .tlley, too, evening had come ifore its time. Noon'se packing of hot air Ihad lben dislodged by a mountain breeze drawing t 'hrough. Horses and men were braced and i leercd to their workr; nod, in such riding as ,at, the man and the horse must think together .i oif more together-eye and hand of the rider ost chooso and command, as bravely as the rse execute. The blue sky was overhiad, the fd eun upon the castellatedn walls a thousand et above us, the purpling chasm opened before, t was late, these were the last momeonts. But ie shold save the lady yet "Yes," our hearts shouted to us, "we shall I ave iher yet" An arroyo, the channel of a dry torrent, followed :hepas It had ade its way aa watcer does, not straightway, but by that potent feminine method f passing under the frowning front of an obstacle, and leaings the dull reok stanring there, while the I rild creature it would have held is gliding away losin the valley. This zignzag channel bnlied us: .ve must leap it without check wherheer it crossed aispath. Everysecondnowwas worth acentury.. Hero was the sign of horses, passed butnoi. We :ould not choose ground. j We must take our leaps n that cruel rock wherever they offered. : Pour Plmpsl! le had carried his master sonobly! There were i few miles to dot He had chasud so rwell; ie merited to be in at the death. Brent lifted him at a leap across the arroyo. Poor Pumps! Hii. hind feet alippod- on the time-smoothed root, 'IHe felt short, Be plngoed down a dozen -tetsanienan thieroil, bouldere of thon-torrect bed. !rent was out of the saddle almost before he trlck, raising him No. he would never rise again. Both his fore legs were broken at the knee. Bo rested there, keeling on the reocks where he feltl. rent groaned. The horse screomned hiorribl , horribly-there is no more ngonisedesound-and t the screaum went echoing high up the eliffs where the red sunlight rested. It costs a lovinog master mnch to butcher his brave and trusty horse, the half of his knightly self; but it costs him more to hear him shiriek in such.misery, Brent drew his pistol to inpt poor Pumps out of pain. Armatrongsprang down and caught his hand. "Stop!" he said, in his hoarse whisper. He had hardly spoken since we started. ily nerves were so strained that this mere ghost of a sound rang through me like a death yll, a grisly erofmercilessand exultantrengeance. Iscemed to hear its echoes, risineg up and swelling in a flood of thick uproar, until they bnrat over the summit of the pass and were wasted in the ornnies of the towering mountain ounks above. "Stop!" whisperedArmstrong. "e 'Nhooting! They'll hear. Tho knife!" iHe held out his knife to my friend Brent hesitated one heart-beat Could he stain his hand with his faithfun servant's blood! Pumps screamed again. Armstrong snatched the knife and drew it across the throat of the eripplnd foex: Poor Pumls! He sank and died without a mean. Noble martyr in the old heroic cause. 1 caught the knife from Armstrong. I cnt the thon of my girth. The heay California saddle, with its macheers and roll of blankets, fell to the ground. lest offemy spus. Theyhad never yet touched Fulano's flanks, He stood beside me quiet, but trembling to be off "Now Brent! up behind mel" .1 whispered for the awe of death was upon us. I mounted. Brent sprang up hehtnd. Iride light for a tall man. Brent is the slightest body of an ithllts I ever saw. Fulano stood steady till we were firm in our -seats.' Then he tore down the defile. Herd was that cvast reserve of p..er; here the tireless spirit; here the hoof striking true as a thonderbolt, where the brave eye saw footing; here thatwrithingjnony of speed; here the great promise fulfilled, the great heart thrilling to miie, the grand body living to the beating heeart Noble rodend with anatli. Ileftfthangingloose. Idid not cheek or guide than HeI snaw al, H -tkno all. All wa his doing, S 's at firm, inging as we muld4 s wo mustL Flano dashed along the resounding pass. ' . rmstrong pressed after-the gaunt white horse Suresglsd to emouato hissleader. :loseutlfwre ast theabehind the lreves of the oy. Ao .other horse that ever lived could have held with the black in that headlong gallop to save. Over the slippery rocks, over the sheeiy pave 'ment,ptuapgigthroughthelooseetonesstaggerig over the barricades; leaping the arroyo, down, ip on aolwrys on-on went the horo; we clinging Semight no of e, sm ft st.'.'ne' one Bnotoftioie it dhimod a::n eternity; when etween- theeing ti-'thes' fs I heard Brent whisper in my ear. ',We are thera" The err :uflung apart, right and left; I saw a sylvan gidae. I saw thegleam of; gashisg water. Fulano dashed on, uncontrol able ,There they wee-ethe murdeerer. Arrived but ione iomentl . . . The aIndy still bimnd to that pack-maule branded A. r&A.;: Maorkerjust beginning to unsaddle . Virrap not diamonted, in chase of the other animals as they strayed'to graze. " :The men heard-the tramp and saw us, as we sprang into the glade. ,t Bothmy hands were at the bridle. Brent, grasping my waist with one arm, was awwkward with his pistolt Mnrker aw'us fest' HeBsnatchbed his six ehooterandfired." .' :.' ?"-'": Brent shook withli aspasm. His psaol arm S oefore the murderer could cohk again, Fulano was nponbiml `i SIts ws iridden dow. Ho was beaten, trampled lowe upon ti grasser-crhed abolished. We disentangled oumselvs fram the mfbe. Where was the other? The coward, withoet firing a beot, was spurring Areatroig's Flathead hours blindly no the eaeon, i'rence we had iessed. We turned to dMerker. Fulano was up again, and stood there shedder ng. Butthe man?! A'hoof had battered in the top of his skull; 'lood was gushing from his.month; histribs were 'roken; all his body was a trodden. massacred jarcass. He.brcathd once, as w fedifted him. Then a tranquil, ehildlike loo1m stole overehis 'ace-that well-known look of ties weary body, thankful thatthetirbulentsonlhasgone. Marker was dead. *; : Flano, and not we hd been eooeimae. His '.ythe stain of blod, Prm John Bre' t .'.J' f lrof 