traveller. Three Weeks In Southland, N.Z. By Frank Mobley. ( 'Continued .) ?nij-'' long have I been climbing this traok, picking ferlSf-I?.nr^e'n^ Shakespeare, apostro phising tom.tits,-J «c3 , P-fLflpLr,D„? ,frefly' Seems like an hour. I muat'^SJjJ a mile above the level of the lake. Surel^^S? walk and moralise at the rate of a mile an. hoar. Let me see what the anerpid says. Great Jehoshophat 1 only 500 feet I . But the apparatus can't lie. I'm not more than iw yaras. aoove tne laue yet. i don c tmnK I'll climb Mount Ernslaw this time. It would look like taking a mean advantage of the mountain, to practise on a wopd track at the baok of Kinloch firBt. Just here I found the following notice nailed to a tree, which I give verbatim : — ' Head of lake, June 7th, 1881. Notice.— This is to sertify that I, John Snooks, have this dayapplyed for a claim .for wood cutting.' The name wasn't Snooks, but that's no matter. I went on about fifty feet further, when I came to the conclusion that in a struggle between store clothes and New Zealand Borub the ' scrub would get the best of it. Then I paused and looked around me, preparatory to beginning my descent. Thero is not much to see certainly. My horizon is limited to about fifty feet. The interlacing leaves of tho black birch (Betula nigra), the white birch (B. alba)', tbe red biroh, tho totara, and various other trees and bushes, effootually shut out the rays of the sun from tho damp ground beneath, where ferns and sorub, in endless variety and profusion, flourish side by Side in their struggle for existence. I am now 550 feet above the lake, and for all the view I can get I might as well be in the deopeat dungeon in tho old Bastille, or down in tho lowest level of the Magdala claim at Stawell. Returning, a very pretty object oaught my eye — a dagger-shaped pendant of ice hanging from the roots of a tree whioh grew upon the edge of a cutting. The water peroolating through the roota was frozen as it issued in drops, and the translucent 'ioy stalaotito, about two feet in length, sparkled like a huge diamond in the sunshine. j But I havo no more time to dawdle here, as that sound which rolls in a thousand eohoes from the hills is the fog-horn of the Jane Williams, and she leaves Kinlooh in less than an hour. In ten minutes moro I am oarving an ancient chicken for the Lady of the Lake, whose acquaintance I made this morning; and we are discussing the probability of the sun shining during the next forty-eight hours in order to reveal the beauties of the scenery, which, up to this point, have been hidden by an envious leaden sky. The lady ia undeoidod whether to go or stay. 'Do you think it is going to clear up,' she asks. I look out at the window; then I return and put on my most sympa thetic, and withal my wisest look, and respond somewhat after the manner of the immortal Captain Cuttle : 'The wind is now in tho sou- west. If so be, my dear rnadame, that it chops round to the nor- west, or nor-nor-weBt by nor, we'll probably have a ohange. If the glass doesn't go down any more it will very likely rise presently ; and then wo'llhave some weather. If we don't have some weather we'll likely have Bome sunshine.' ' Dear me 1 how very annoying. I think I'll go back.' ' I don't think that you can gain mnch by staying here, madame ! ' ' Do yon really think it will clear up in a day or two? if so, I will stay.' V Truly, madame, I think you are wise to remain.' ' After all I think I'll go.' ' Well, on second thoughts, I believe you are right.' 'After coming all this way I don't like leaving without seeing something.' ' I commend your resolution, madamo ; only dire necessity drives me away from these hospitable shores. I envy you your ohance of remaining to see the sun shining in all his glory upon ''those gloomy hills, and trans forming them, as by a magician's wand, into all tbe color's of the Bolarspeotrum.' ' Yes 1 I will remain.' ' Adieu ! ' ' Adieu 1' The Jane Williams' is a little craft even smaller than the Mountaineer. She is not, like her rival, got up regardless of expense. She has no gorgeous saloon shining with brass and nickel, and upholstered with crim son velvet or some brilliant imitation thereof. But she is a good little boat for all that ; and her skipper is a decent fellow, too ; but cela va sans dire, atfheis an old Victorian, and all Victorians are good men when they aren't the reverse. Now we are off. The Lady of the Lake stands in a pensive atti tude, watching our departure. I think she is even now repenting of her final resolution. We steer straight for Glenorchy whioh gleams aorosa the water, about three miles away, like a miniature painting on a huge gray ennvas. When about half-way aoross we get a fine view of Mount Earnslaw, whioh hitherto has been hidden by the smaller but nearor Mount Alfred. What a rugged old giant be looks with his storm-tossed looks of oloud and vapor olinging to his venerable head, and hanging halfway down his shoulders, liko the poor gray hairs of old: King Lear, when turned adrift by his ungrateful daughters and, abandoned to the meroy of the storm. There ia a glacier Bomewhere about Mount Ernslaw which I have not soen yet ; but whioh I am quite prepared to take on trust, as the atmo sphere and the water are alike cold enough to indicate the presonce of half-a-dozen re spectable glaciers. The Bees- River here joins the waters of the lake; and although just now it is comparatively low, the captain assures me that it brings down an enormous volume of water sometimes, and that the shingle at the mouth of the river is con-' stantly shifting. Half-an-hour steaming brings us alongside the wharf at Glenoroby. We have not very muoh oargo to take on board; and presently we are off, our pas senger list being reinforced by the addition of a fur skin-covered hunter, with a vener able and unkalizoic dog; whioh must be an extremely valuable animal if only half as clever aB he is ugly. While we are steaming along close in to the shore whioh lies upon our left, the captain enlarges upon the past glories of the old dig ging days. There has been plenty of gold got about Lake Wakatip. We are steaming past the old Buckleburn 'diggins' out of whioh tons of gold have been won by diggers in the olden days from shallow sinking. A few Chinamen still hang about the old place with the strange pertinaoity of the race. They make their tuoker now, and that is about all. But there are quartz reefs higher up the river whioh havo been lately turning out well, -and a revival in mining about here is quite on the cards. The sun is still hidden by the gray pall which for the last two days has hung about the limited area of sky which the tall moun tains leave visible. But as we pass the islands a fugitive , gleam of sunshine gives ub a momentary glimpse at the exquisite panorama for whioh the Lady of the Lake is sighing, I hope not vainly. Suddenly, as if by magic, a wealth of gorgeous color breaks from the hitherto gray and gloomy moun tains. In' the foreground is.-Pig Island, or Pigeon Island, it matters not whioh, as there is nothing in such unsuggestive names. ? The blue-black waters of the lake break in small curling white-crested waves upon the basalt foreshore of the island. The pale green of the ferns and cabbage trees contrast vividly with the dark glossy leaves of- the sorub. Away beyond the strip of water between us and the further shore, and forming the back ground of the picture, the gray and brown walla under the magio influence of sunlight, turn from gloom to gladness. Instead 'of blaok and gray and brown our eyes are glad dened by tender harmonies and sweet nuances of oolor. Deep purples, delicate blues, tender grays and a perfect diapassn of all the aolors from the red to the violet end of the spec . tram are refleoted from the needle-like peaks and shaggy sides ol those hitherto gloomy hills ; and, high above all, tbe pure white of tho snowalmost dazzles the eye to look upon it. But this gleam of sunshine is only momentary ; and presently, like the ghosts of dead memories, the gloriouB vision disap pears. It appears to me that tho beauty of New Zealand scenery defends a good deal npon Tn&fj;_,vThis sounds 'like a simple truism; and aomo very..?.^1' 'ader may probably remark that ' any*ioor'Kn6S2jiiat.' But what I mean, if, indeed, I have any meⅈ !£$- 'ia that light plays a more essential part in produoing magnificent effeots among Now Zealand mountains, and lakes than any other factor. Eaoh point and peak, every angle and esoarpment seems to absorb 'that portion of the composite solar spectrum due to its molecular construction and its angle of in cidence. According to the law of optics, thero is no oolor generated by . any natural body whatever. In the white light of the sun we have the Bum total of all possible colors; and the various hues whioh greet the eyq of the .observer as the rays of the sun fall upon those rugged .heights pre duo to . the sifting proses!) which thelight tradorgoeabefore Being refleoted baok. Sometimes all tho light is absorbed, and a dense blackness appears ; then the red, tho orange, tho yellow, the greon,- the blue, and the violet rays are ab sorbed or refleoted aa the caso may be, rosult ing in all the colors being seen from some point or other, and all blonded into a har monious whole by masses of grays and other neutral tints in the way that only nature can blend her oolors; while mingling with the clouds are the snow-olad peaks. ' Clothed in white samite, mystic, wonder ful.' It ia very beautiful, when the sun shines. The Lady of the Lake by this time ia pro bably happy; as she must have caught a fleeting glimpse, if no more, of tho beauties of Lake Wakatip, and the mountains, under the vivifying touch of — ' That orbed continent, the firo That severs day from night.' But now ' the glorious lamp of heaven ' is hidden under thick masses of vapor. The Bombre gray walls are unrelieved by any splash of oolor or gleam of light ; the blr.ck waters of tho lake seem blackor and moro unfathom able than ever; the shore flits past indistinct and shadowy ; the trees and scrub appear out of the darkness in front, and disappear into tho darkness behind, and, tho wind tossing their branohes, they soem to turn eternally like tho lost souls in the Hall of Eblis. The wind begins to rise. Aa it blows over those snow-covered hillls, it swoops down as if it had just-arrived from Bome antartia waste of eternal ioebergs ; and seems to bo ombued with a demoniac desiro to out your ears off. You walk about frantically to keep up the circula tion, or you cower behind the boiler of the engine, which, in the Jane Williams, rises up boldly through tho middlo of the deck ; and ever and anon you feel in the darkness for your nose, to make sure that you have some thing more substantial on your faoe than a lifeless andfrost-bittenreminisceneeofthepast. But there is not much of this. Presontly -we reach Queenstown, and in the comfortable hotel of Madamo Eiokhardt I find aa good accommodation, as good liquor, and a3 good meals as the traveller will find out of Melbourne, or perhaps in it. (To be continued.) 