THE ZIC ZAG TELEGRAPH. A TALE OF A MIND DISEASED. By LtiOyd (J. Tnowraoa, FOR neatly nineteen yeasa I liswa been waiting for some ono to write tho hiatory of this line; bat daring all this time no account of ita origin, or the manner in which it performed ita work, has been published, and, so far as I can learn, no hist even of ita exiatenoo has Appeared in print. Can it ba possible that 1 was solo proprietor and operator, and my weary messages alono went oreeping over the wires j that ita faithful, patient Bervloes were given to me only ? If so, upon me clearly devolves the task of writing ita history. And yet, to own tho truth, this task is not an eauy one. Tho 2ig Zag was such an anomaly among telegraphs, suoh a bizarre affair alto gether, that it sets at defiance all ordinary methods of description. It was behind tho times; it was slow with its messages j it oarried them a long way around, and stopped with them in unexpected plaooq; there was an air of mistiness about it that made me sometimes suspeot that it was only the ghost of a telegraph-the phantom, perhaps, of some unaompleted, early iuvention left an orphan by the death ofjthe inventor. But stay-I must be more explioit. This telegraph was not composed of solid material substance; it did not consist of aotunl posts and wires. It was a phenomenon of an ex ceptional condition of body or mind, a phase of mental aotion in a given direotion, a system of exploration in the realms of mamory, a-well, I will admit it at onoe, a I something that I never quite understood; a problem, tho solution of which I have many times almost reached, but which has always . eluded me by dodging around nnexpected corners and disappearing when I thought I had forced it into a cul de sae, I will there fore make publio my experience with this line, and transfer to others the solution of tho problem j and, as the condition of body and mind was doubtless a faotor neoeasary to the solution, I will make known this condition by briefly telling a small portion of my life's, history. On the 6th of March, A.», 1805, with other parolod prisoners, I' crossed Broad Biver, twelve miles from< Wilmington, N.O., and stood onoe more, with bared head and thank ful heart, beneath the flag of our country, l'he emotions awakened by the sight of this emblem_of all wo hold dear, I shall not venture te describe. I should blush to bring the poor tribute of words to the flag sanctified by bap-' tism in the tears of our tcndereat and the blood of our bravest. For mora than ten months I had been a prisoner at Andorson* ville and Florence. In this artiolo I shall make no attempt to portray the horrors of Andersonville, The evidence under seal fur nished by those thirteen thousand graves needs no corroboration by parole testimony, When the storm has passed, tho WTeoka on the beaolx are surer reoerds of tho forco of tho tompest than all the figures at the signal stations, I had fought the battle for life for more than ten months in those prison pens, and I was conscious that I had fought iiwell. I had lost ground daily, it is true, but I had oontested it by foot by foot and inoh by inob, My resistance had been steady, unfaltering, eystomatio. At tho time I was paroled I was suffering from sourvy and general debility, and had also ondured most of the minor aiok neases of the oarap; but thus far I bad esoaped those fearful fovera thai had wrecked so many of inj companions. Shortly after I reaohed Wilmington a strange dullness took possession ol me. My mind refused to cot with its acoustomed vigor. Owing to the ravenous appetites of some of the men, orders had been given to issue extra rations to all who requirod them; and, al though the regular daily ration was more than sufficient for me, I fell into the lino with tho others and drew tho extra. Thia I took to my tent-mate, for safe-keeping, and again fell in and repeated tho process, over and ovor, as long as tho drawing lasted. About this time, too, racking paina assailed me, and I longed inexpressibly for home. Then the vessel came to tako us to Annapolis, and we struggled, and pushed, and jostled oaoh oiher, in our eagerness to get on board; and at last I was fortunate enough to get tumbled onto the deok just as the captain annouuoed that ho had a load, and could take no moro. My recollections of the voyago are confused, I reinombor being rolled about, and orowded, and lain on by other passengers. I also re member staggering up to draw rations, al though I oould not eat. Then I was helped ofl the vessel, and soma ono took mo by tho arm and led mo away, Then wo stopped, aud and a voiee said, " Wash him." And then blankness. How long the blank lasted I do not know. When my consciousness returned I was in a olean bed with white sheets, A light burned in the room, but I saw no one, I closed my eyes, and was lost again. When I awoko it was broad day, and a young man, dressed in a fresh suit of army blue, waa standing by the bed- side. He expressed no surpriso as his glance met mine, I lifted my right hand, and was astonished at the offort ho slight an aotion required. I gazed at tho skeleton fingers, and vaguely wondored whero I had boon while that hand waa growing so thin. I said, " What's the matter ?" Ho said, " You have had the fever, You're all right now. Don't talk." Ilia voice was low and oven; it expressed no sympathy, no anxiety; ho moved away, and I slopt again. My recovery was rapid. Tho hospital surgeon visited me at intervals; ho asked mo no questions; ho merely looked at mo and passed on, I had a ravenous appetite, and, with tho regularity of clockwork, a tray waa placed before me on which waa a cup of tea and a delicate piece of toast orowned with poaohed ogg. As I gazed at thia dainty repast, 1 thought it a meal fit for a god-that is, for a very small god, Aftor a few days tho pyramid on tho plato was increased in altitude by the inser tion of another slice of toast under tho ovari ous orown, and flanked by a bottlo of porter. Next oame the order for admission to the full diet table, and soon after the certificate en titling me to a furlough. During all this period of convalescence I was conscious of no derangemont of tho mind's aotion. My main interest in life ocntred in the prosent, or reaohed forward to the future; but still memories of the past, mostly' of hope and early life, came to mo ilaturally. I had, however, made no attompt to reoall past events, as tho admirable system of unquestioning treatment practised at 0t, Mary's College Green Hospital had sug gested no suoh effort; and it was only whon called upon to answer questions, at the time I applied for a furlough, that I discovered the singular phase of mental aberration which forma tho subject of thia narrativo. I have aaid that my rccovory waa rapid; porhapH I ought to add that as-1 throw off tho fever I began to suffer with a difficulty in my feet, probably Bourvy-a difficulty that incroasod daily, until eaoh foot felt liko an immenso bruise. But as thia disease did not trouble mo seriously whilo I waa in tho hospital, I did not mention tho matter to any one, fearing that to do so would delay my departure for home, This brief portion of personal hiatory is, I believe, all that is necessary to put tho publjo in possession of facts tbfit have any bearing on the problem under discussion, And now I come to the most difiloulfi part of my task, the portrayal on paper of thia abnormal aotion of the mind; and in order successfully to do thia, I must desoriba tho normal aotion in tho same direotion in each a way that it will be clearly recognised by oil, and yet in suoh a way as will enable tho reader to comprehend the abnormal. Hold 1 I liavo it 1 I will materialise this aotion; and if tho materialisation laolts an arm, or oven a leg to stand on-as is not un usually tho case-if it but serve my purpose before vanishing in thin air, I shall bo con tent, I will represent memory as a notwork of telegraph wires, the main lino connecting tho mind with tho beginning of conscious existenoo, and Bide wires connecting this line with eaoh event, oaoh inoident, eaoh thought, of past life. When the mind is unimpaired, tod the lines are in perfeoli working order, information can bo obtained instantly from any of the outlying stations. The question is flashed over the wires, and the answer is re turned, and the combined messages constitute a thought. In many instances, however, no peroeptible action of the mind is required, and the mind is unquestioning and at vest; and yet, from the various depflta in which onr experiences of the past are stored, the messages come trooping in, and wa call them memories. These are phases of the normal action of the intellect and the undisturbed working of tha lines, But I am also familiar with many phases of abnormal action, and various phases of wreok in the lines of com munication : First, tha poor wretch with tha wira all down behind him, and the past a blank. Second, where the main line is out at a given point in tho paBt, Back to this point the oommunioationa are t perfect and the side lines aomplete, but beyond-nothingness. Third, where the main line ia complete and tho side lines are in order near the farther end, but mostly broken or impaired from ohildhood to the present. This ifl a oommon ease. Thagray-haired man prattles of the scenes of his youth, but does not recall the events of his manhood. Every word of the prayer his mother taught him ia familiar, but he cannot remember a sentence of the speeoh that made him famous ton years ago, Ho does not recognise an acquaintance of yester day, but the faces of the frionds of his boy hood stand out clear and diatinot. *1 need net particularise further; ovory one ia familiar, with the gaps in seotions, where the storms of life have beaten dowa the side'lines, and with tho downfall of individual wires. _ Neither will it be worth while to call attention to the slight derangement Sf ft particular wire that does not respond as promptly as we wish, but loaves our question unanswered, while the operator at the other terminus apparently takes a short nap, and we scratch our heads in vexation. My object in writing this ar ticle is to describe this well-known system of communication only so far as may be neaes sary to explain the working of tho other lino, whioh no one but myself appears to have used; and as I made use of both, I will designate tho formes as the Direct line, and the latter as tho Zig Zag, The Direot linawas always at my service oneway-it would bring messages, but could not be relied on to oarry them; it would transmit one, and refuse the next in what I then thought a most captious mannor; and some times it would apparently grow sulkyand re fuse them altogether, But_ tho patient Zig Zag was not captious; it did not sulk wheiti called upon to do the work refused by its rival; it went steadily, ploddingly, at its task, and never rested till ita work was done, Thefie two lines were diatinot in almost every respect, and in order to make the distinction plain I will deaoriba na concisely as poeaiblo the peculiarities of tha Zig Zag. First, it never took a despatoh straight to its destination, but went zigzagging through tho past, making short flights from point to point, and Bending back mossagos from every station. These messages were dim pictures of familiar scenes, that approaohed slowly and grew plainor until they readied a certain uniform point of distinctness, when thoy vanished instantly. Second, thesa return messages nevor con tained the information I was socking, and some of thedi appeared to have no possible connection with it; and yet I was conscious that eaoh of theso dissolving views, brought mo nearer the object of my search. Third, no oommunioation camo baolc over tha Zig Zag from tho station whera it finally delivered my despatch, but instead the answer camo flashing over the Direot Lino, This was tne most perplexing part of the whola trans action; for, although assured that eaoh re turning message by the Zig Zag brought mo one station nearer the station containing tho objeot sought, I never knew how many still intervened, and the answer by the Direot Lino invariably oaught ma puzzling over the last message by the Zig Zag, and gave me a littlo shock, like that experienced by a person when another jumps out ^suddenly bohind hunand cries," Boo." Fourth, the number of stations stopped at varied, and this variation appeared to ha ye no relation with tho remoteness or nearness of tho intelligence desired. To make this clear, suppose A and B to be stations on tho Direot Line-A containing stores deposited five years and B those deposited six months before; messages to B would sometimes be carried farther around and stop at more sta tions than messages to A. Fifth, to oaoh deapatoh theroturn messages oamo at regular intervals after the first, whioh took about twieo tho time of eaoh of tho others. Sixth, tho length of the intervals varied with the varying despatches; the answers to somo ooming very slowly, and to others quite rapidly, Sovonth, sending and receiving messages by this lino produced a certain strain on mind and body that was not felt when using the Direct Line. And now, having partially described the working of this lino, I will go baok to the tima when I discovered it. I had been noti fied that a furlough would bo given mo by ap« plying at a certain office, to whioh I wan direoted, and, with visions of homo floating before my mind, I walked into, tha room and stopped at tha desk. A grave, stern-looking officer, with a pen in his hand and a book before him, sat by tho table, Ho looked up and said: " Your name." I gave it, and then supposed he would fill out my furlough; but instead ha recorded my name in the book, and then inquired: "What regiment do yon belong to? Of course I kuaw per fectly well that the information sought was among my stores, but when I turned^ to tho past with the question, "What roginiont do I belong toi" I was amazed to find that the Direot Lino did not respond. My despatoh was off on the Zig Zag, and soon the misty messages oamo back ; First message by Zig Zag. A_bleak field, with a swamp extending from side to_ side near tha centre; tho field enolosed with a stookade, and crowded with wretohed, dirty, ragged men; outsido tho dead-lino, a long row of skeleton forma, with dead facoa turned to tha sky. Seoond naoafiago by Zig Zag. A long line of Union soldiers charging through an opon field, with a forest boforo them; the linsia brokon and jagged, as if it had met 6 blizzard of lead; there aro empty saddles, and fallen flags, and a blue-and-red windrow of dead. Third message by Zig Zag. A regiment of soldiers on dress parade; tha soldiers wear blue coats; there aro figuroa on tho fronts of their oapsi By tho Direot Line, Soventy-aixth Now York, X gave the name of my rogiment, and the officer dashed it down( and asked, brusquely: "What company?" I ought to havo been prepared for this question, but I was not. My mind was so dazed with the strange workings of tha two lines thatl thought of nothing else until tho question was put, Again I turned to the past, and inquired; » What company 1" and again the ,Zig Zag took the question. First message by Zig Zag. A rive? spanned by a bridge j beyond the bridge an aroh of evergreens and flags; ft throng of men hurry ing over the bridge and under the aroh; the men are ernaoiated and half-nalted, but their faeea glow with joy. Second message by Zig Zag. A forest; Union soldiers grouped round ft dead cavalry man; a sergeant with face turned toward the group, as if about torgivaan order; a line of Confederate troops in front. \ M&rniS;&miffii;*. By the Direct Line, Company F, , I named the company, and the'officer jotted it down, and said : " Your oaptain'a name? " And the Zig Zag took the question. First message by Zig Zag. A long line ol Union soldiers, with a group of offioers qn horasbaok in front; the officers with field glasses to their eyea; the ground in front descending to a small stream, then ascending to a ridge; the ridge orowned with a line of Confederate earth-works and batteries j sharp shooters deployed as skirmishers between tna lines, Second message by Zig Zag. A .prison pen ; a soaffold; six men with ropes around their neoka and meal-sacks drawn over their heads; a sea of faoes turned up toward the soaffold. Third message by Zig Zag. A brigade drawn up in hollow square; a man kneeling on a coffin, with a file of soldiers before him; an officer standing stern and pale, his ex tended right hand holding a white handker chief. By the Direct Line, Captain Goddard. The offioer took down the name, and in quired, impatiently, " When did you enlist?" I had noted his growing irritability, and it in creased my distress, Other patients were waiting to be questioned. The fear that my mind was hopelessly shattered was growing into certainty. The strain on my mind and body inoident to sending and receiving mea sages was intense. My knees shook under mo, and great drops of sweat Stood on my forehead; but I turned doggedly to the past with the inquiry, " When did I enlist ? " The Direct Lino rejected the message, as it had the others, but the faithful Zig Zag did not desert me; although evidently over-worked, it came bravoly to tho reseuo, and took my messape. The first response was longer than usual in coming, but it eamo nt last. Message by Zig Zag. A largo sheet.-.of water with a river emptying into it; a snug harbor; a grove of oaks with a speaker's stand in the oentro; the grovo and stand covered with people. _ At this point the offioer repeated the ques tion, "When did you enlist?" The inter ruption broko tho connection on tho Zig Zag. Tho tone of the question demandod an im mediate answer of some sort. I made one desperate effort to force tho answer from the Direot Line, then I said sadly, " I can't toll." The officer laid down his pan, and said petulantly, " I oan't give you a furlough if you oan't tell mo when you enlisted," Oh, the agony of that moment I 8 was not to go home after all ? Was it not enough that X waa shattered in body and mind, but must this vorv ruin out off my last ohanca for reoovery ? I thought not of tho forms of respect due from a private to a superior; I felt only tho injustice of fate. The instinct of self-preaer vation asserted itself. Tho old spirit of re sistance that had carried mo through so many trials blazed out afresh for a moment, and I exclaimed passionately i " Oan't you make some allowance ? Oan't you see what a wreck I am? I've been in prison, God knows how long, and I've had the fever, and I oan't think 1" Tho protost began almost fiorcely, but it ended in a wail. I broke down utterly, and cried like a child. For a moment the silonoa of the room was broken only by sobf; then a gentlo voice said: " I can make allowance j don't distress yourself." Could this be the voice of that stem official ? I glanced at him through my tears, and from that instant X have had a truer understanding of the story of the transfiguration. His face was as tender as a woman's. With the utmost gentleness, he assured mo that the matter could be ar ranged, that I must take time, and givo the date as nearly as possible. Thus encouraged, I commenced again on the Zig Zag, and found tho year, and then tho month, but not the day. The furlough was granted, however, and, storing the paper safely in -ray pooket, I took the first train lor home, At first I was a good doal troubled about tho peculiarities of tho Zig Zag, but I soon made a discovery that proved it to be a friend, and also snowed that the Dircct Line, in refusing some of my messages and taking others, was aoting according to law instead of in a spirit of caprico, as I at first supposed. Tho work of tho Zig Zag was to open com-, munications with tho stations on tho Direot Line, and it had only to convey ono message to eaoh station to accomplish this. When the message was received and tho answer sent back by the Direot Lino, tho couneotion with that station by the Direct Lino was estab lished, and messages flashed back and forth with their former regularity. X have boforo spoken of the messages that came unbidden; these also opened communication on the Dircct Line, and.to theso two sets of stations my messages went straight. Stimulated by this discovery, I operated the .Zig Zag oheer fully, for I knew that eaoh returning message enlarged the area of the reconquered territory. By means ol tho voluntary mosaagca and the efforts of tho Zig Zag, I was soon in direot communication with most of tho stations, and the use of the Zig Zag became the ex ception, At this time I used to ponder . a good deal on tho subject, and strivo to; comprehond tho working of these lines, One thing that perplexed me groatly was the gap botween tho last message by the Zig Zag and tho return message by tho Direot Lino. On exploring theso stations after dircct commu nication had been established, X found that some of the Zig Zag messages approached very nearly the information required; for example, the one in regard to tho odmpany. It will bo recolleoted that, in the last pioture presented by tho Zig Zag, a sergeant stood as if about to give an order. Now, tho order really givon was: " Company 1?, into line;" but as no inkling of what this order was reached mo at tho time, by oither line, the gap, though apparently small, could not be filled up. At other times, I could not, by the most careful examination, find tho least con nection between the last message by the Zig Zag and tho answer by tho Direot Lino. This puzzled mo, and I imagined that some of the messages by tho Zig Zag had miscarried, and had found their way to some unknown dead letter office; but X finally became satisfied that the gap, in eaoh instance, extended only from the last station on the Zig Zag to the station on tho Direct Lino containing the In formation sought.' I now give tho course of reasoning by which this conclusion was reached. Since the messages by the Zig Zag camo at regular intervals after tho first, and the first took double the time of each of the others, I oonoluded that the despatch I sent travelled at exactly tho same rate of speed as the return messages. Thus, if A, B and 0 represent stations on tho Zig Zag, and D the desired point on the Direot Lino, and the in torvul of time between messages was five eeoonda later, or at tho exaot time that my despatch reaohed B; while the message from B would reaoh me at the same instant that, my despatch reaohed 0, and consequently the . message from 0 would, reaoh me at the same timo that my despatch reached D, the point on the Direct Lino; and as tho transmission of messages on tho Direot Lino occupied no appreciable time, this view of the case was sustained by tho faot that the answor by the Direct Line always came to mo while I was examining the last message by .the Zig Zag. And now the history of this strange line la finished, at least so far as my knowledge of it extends. I bid farewell to the Zig Zag for ever. Ah 1 but is it forever ? As I sit in the twilight and watch the gathering shadowa, and think of the time in the not distant future when the shadows Bhall gather for the last time, and when perhaps the parting soul will long to send tho final messages of love, X esk myself," Shall I not find it again ?" 