CHAPTER II. LOVB AT riBST SIGHT, " Love took up the «lass of time And turned it ia his glowing Uandi." " Won't you tell me something of your friends Denton ?" "No Leslie; I want you to form your own opinion." " Well, I will ; but you should not have awakened my curiosity by telling ma that I was to see the prettiest girl in New York, because that is rather n bold assertion," .' What is the use of my trying to describe a beau- tiful girl ?" " Why can't you ?" " Because I have become so accustomed to devot- ing my eloquence to linen that I can't speak at length on any other topic; but you will soon see for yourself, for here is the house." He pointed with his whip, for the two gentlemen were seated in a buggy, and Denton held the reins. " That pretty house, so cozily buried in ever- greens?" * The same." " What a suitable spot for the prettiest girl 1 It must be a little paradisa in summer; but is Bbe not blushing unBeen ?" ,$ "No indeed; her father is the captain of one of the Cunara steamers, and his family has a host of friends." " If the family has a host of friends, I have not the ghost of a chance." " You ein try. I don't think Olive ever cared for any one." " 'Olive'-that is a pretty name." " And it Suits her. But here we are." A moment later, and love knocked at the door of Leslie Storms' heart. Olive Hardie bad a father and mother, also an aunt ; but Leslie felt as if the whole earth held only one person, and that one person was the girl who stood before him in her youthful, smiling loveli- ness. Such great soft, starry eyes met his ; such sweetly arched, rose-tinted lips smiled upon him. A tiny soft hand rested in his strong grasp, and a voice like the tone of a harp bade him welcome. Olive was beautiful ; with the warm-hued beauty of a bright brunette ; her cheek was flower-like in its soft glow and bloom. Her hair silky, deep-brown, and wavy ; it was drawn back and arranged simply in a knot at the back of her stately little head, but it crept forward and clung in little soft rings on the smooth brow and about the tiny shell-tinted ears. She was small, but perfectly formed, from the crown of her head to the tip of her little black satin slipper, and her soul was pnre and lovely as her form was faultless. I Denton smiled as he saw how lost Leslie was in contemplation of Olive's exquisite face. ( "Leslie," he said, touching him on the arm," these are my friends, Captain Hardie, Mrs. Hardie and Miss Hardie." Leslie shook hands with the people as if in a dream. No doubt they were good people; in fact, they must be, or they oould not be Olive's relatives. The visit was an exceedingly pleasant one. Oliv« was bright and witty, end LeBlie every moment grew more bewitched and bewildered. Toe cnptain insisted that the two gentlemen should dine with bim, and they readily consented. Denton talked for bimBelf and his friend, for Storms certainly did not shine as a conversationist. Still Olive seemed satisfied with his society, for she scarcely spoke to her old friend, In faot, it was not hard to read the evidence of a growing interest in Leslie, in the soft glance of her eyes and the ever* deepening glow of her cheeks. Denton bad often read of love at first sight. Now he witnessed a case, and he was glad, for be dearly loved Olive, and he already esteemed Leslie. The Hardies were good, simple-minded people the captain a jovial, whole- hearted sailor, and hil wife and sister-in-law gentle, quiet ladies, Olive was a merry, sweet-tempered girl, without one particle of the vanity which seems inherent it the nature of most pretty girls» It Was late when the party said good-nlgnk, ana Captain Hardie extended an invitation to the two commercial ttavellers tocóme on board the Catalonia to see bim off, as he sailed for Liverpool the follow« ing day. They accepted his invitation, and Leslie turned to Olive and eagerly inquired : " Do you go on board to bid your father good-by ?'. "No. Papa1 is, like moat sailors, rather super« stitions, and he says it is not lucky." " Then we shall have not the pleasure of seeing you to-morrow ?" The young man looked terribly disappointed. '. No," said Olive ; and Leslie hoped she also felt sorry. "Well, how do you like my friends?' asked Denton, as they drove home under-the clear star« light. "They are delightful: and Denton, is tai ¡tie lovely ?" "Ha, bal So I did not paint her in colors that were too glowing'?" ' ' "No; indeed not half bright enough." " Why, you found fault because I said she was tha prettiest girl in New York State." " That's not enough, She is the prettiest girl in the whole world 1" .'You are very enthusiastic, on short acquaint« ance." " Denton, don't laugh. It sounds absurd, I sup« pose, but I love her." .' Love at firBt sight. I fear you are susceptible* " No ¡ I never cared for any lady in my life, I began to wonder if there was nu^h a thing as love." " Are you convinced ?" " Indeed I am. I love Olive with my whole heurt. It I marry, she will be my wife." ' Suppose she does not return your affection?" " Then I sball never marry." " Really, Leslie, this becoming serious. I thought you would admire my little friend, but I did not suppose you would ba hit so hard." " I am going to tell her father that I love her, and ask his permission to address her." "I would Pot advise you to do so. He is not romantic, and may think you are too hasty." " But, cpneider. I may leave New York in eight days It is not honorable for me to woo Olive in her father's absence without his sanction.* " Wait till he returns." " Then I will not be here." " You will be back, you tell me, in two months. Think how strange it will appear to Captain Hardie to have a man propose for his daughter's hand after one interview" Storms was silent. He reflected over what his friend said, and concluded that his advice was good. He felt all a lover's impatience, but be did not wish to eeem hasty, and risk failure by displaying his impatience, " Still, Denton, I leave the field open. A girl like Olive will not have long to wait for lovers," Leslie spoke doubtfully. He was not more than half convinoed. " Olive will not be lightly won. Keep up your heart I know ber well, and I believe you impressed herj favourably." "Do you think sop Oh, Denton, don't deceive me from a feeling of mistaken kindness !" " I am not doing so, I assure you. I can read faces pretty well, and I saw that my dear little girl was warmly interested in a certain young man." Denton smiled kindly on the eager boyish face, which glowed under the cold starlight with all the intensity of first love. He smiled, and then sighed ; for floating on the waves of memory's tide came the thought of his own youth and his own first passion, A black, butter memory, clouded by the dense miasma of a betrayal of love and trust, A frown replaced the smile on Denton's face, and his companion, turning to look at him, was surprised to see it. " Why do you look so grave ?" he inquired. " Old thoughts, Leslie, and painful ones. When we are better acquainted I aboil tell you my story, and intrust to you my secret. Some day I may need a friend to help me and to protect one dearer than myself." Leslie pressed bis hand silently, and Denton knew he could depend upon his new friend. (To le continued ) 