ECHOES (OF MBLBOUBIINVE. [BI Tun GHosT.] Even at this early period of the session it is easy to see that the Ministry are not to enjoy a "promenade" in the interval between this and the prorogation at Christ mas. The Government has entered upon its third year of office, an epoch which has proved fatal to so many of its prede cessors. The Opposition side of the Assembly, which on the first day of meet ing presented "a beggarly array of empty benches," is daily gaining recruits from the rather siumerous ranks of the Adulla mites, and a few more additions to their strength, of gentlemen of the stamp and standing of Mr. Harper, will render it quite a respectable-looking phalanx. Already has notice been given of a motion which is in point of fact a direct vote of want of confidence, Mr. A. T. Clark, the member for Williamstown, having an nounced his intention of moving that " it is improper for the Government to delegate its powers to a Board." This action has been taken in consequence of the an nounced intention of the Ministry to shirk the unpleasant duty of dealing with Mr. Richardson, and remitting the question of the fitness or otherwise of the "honour able" gentleman to continue to adorn the roll of Victorian magistrates, and grace the Assembly with his presence. In regard to the truth of the proposition enunciated by Mr. A. T. Clark, there can be no second opinion, and had the motion been tabled by one of the recognised leaders of the Opposition the Assembly would in all pro bability have acquiesced in its principle. But Mr. Clark has too little weight to cause the Government any serious anxiety, and, of course, although the attack will be duly made, it will only he a sort of political reconnaissance en force. A far more serious danger ahead of the Government is the Licensing Bill, circu lated on Tuesday. It pleases neither of the two sections of the community the Ministry has endeavoured to placate. So far from killing the two birdswith one stone, it has offended both the publicans and the teetotalers. One side say it goes too far, the other that it is not sufficiently " thorough," and although between these two stools it is not likely to come to the ground, it will, before it emerges from the hands of the Committee, be so altered in many of its provisions-notably, in those relating to the compensation of such licensed victuallers as may be "improved out of existence"-that not even its foster parent, Mr. Berry, will be able to recognise his legislative bantling. No one grudges the families of the late Messrs. Grant and M'Coll the £5000 and £2000 which a "generous" Legislature voted them the other day out of the public funds. The labours of the first in regard to the land, and the second in regard to the water are matters of history. But it is hardly a satisfactory reflection to the taxpayers of the colony that there are eighty-six claims daily accruing, and that whenever any member leaves this world for another, the announcement will be taken as meaning that another £2000 has to be disbursed. There are some people who ac tually think that if the whole of the pre sent members would shuffle off this mortal coil the sum mentioned would be cheerfully forthcoming. Two more libel actions are pending against the Daily Telegraph. The clerical editor is evidently a member of the church militant. Ile is for ever inviting some one to tread on the tail of his coat, and up to the present the invitation has been pretty freely responded to. Nor do the law courts appear much to sympathise with the goody-goody literary organ. The ap plication for a new trial in the case of Mr. Walker, one of the libelled New Guinea explorers, was refused with costs, the Judge expressing, moreover, the opinion that the grounds upon which the application was based were slightly at variance with the truth, and therefore mulcting the appli cant in costs. Another mining bubble has burst, the "New Guinea" specimens, upon the strength of which an exploring company was formed, having been discovered to be from Tasmania. In the palmy days of mining it used to be said by the knowing ones on the " Corner," at Iallarat, that when "specimens" from a claim were shown it was time to sell out. The wisdom of this saying has once more'been illustrated. Mr. Kerry, who was to have led the gold seekers, still vouches for the truth of his original statement. Uufortunately nobody believes his story. Tihe fortunate share holdersiu the New Guinea Gold Prospect ing Company have decided onl winding up the Company, leaving Mr. Kerry to work his own rich mine himself, if the police will allow him liberty to do so. There evidently are barmaids and bar maids. Mr.lHayter says the colony only contains 343 of these Hfebes; Colonel Smith says there are 5000, and he ought to know from actual evperience a great deal better than the Victorian ,Registrar General. At present controversy rages hotly on the question. Yet the whole matter is a simple one and hedges on the reply to be given to the query, what is a barmaid? P'erhaps some one "up" in the matter will answer the riddle and set our legislators right. At present there are as many diverse opinions in rega'd to the barmaid as there are about the mermaid. Thirty shillings for the privilege of ap. pending the magic letters J.P. to one's signature, and enjoying the rights of ad ministering justice and maintaining truth, does not appear a very extravagant amount. Yet two gentlemen, who had travelled as far as the Supreme Court in order to take the oaths of office, when asked to disburse the fee, actually refused to be sworn if compelled to pay. Certainly, considering the class of persons who have been at times honoured with the Com mission, "thirty bob" is just about the sum the honour is worth. In connection with this matter it maybe mentioned that justice-or at all events "Justices' justice"-was very nearly being brought to a standstill during last week, in consequence of the bungling of the Law Office. The newly appointed justices did not know whether they had a second time to undergo the swearing-in ordeal, and in their state of ignorance refused to act. However, things have now been set right by a little bill introduced by the Attorney General, who passed it through all its stages in one night, in the absence of Mr. Deakin, the Solicitor-General. There must be a screw loose somewhere when one law officer has to bring in a measure to rectify the blunders committed in his colleague's office. So long, however, as a layman continues as permanent head of the Law Department these mistakes are certain to happen. The "jewelers' gold" case is to be fur ther ventilated in the law courts, the lady to whom the" brass" necklet was sold by Mr. Gardiner, M.P., having carried the case on appeal before the Supreme Court judges on the ground that the verdict was "against evidence." It may with truth be added that it was also against all reason and common sense. Why should the milk man be mulcted in heavy penalties for eking out his supply of the lacteal fluid by means of the " cow with the iron tail," or the publican be prosecuted for watering his grog? Let there be equal jrotice for all, and let the dishonest jewiler who passes as gold an article containing 75 per cent. of base metal meet the same fate as the roguish milkman or publican. The case is one in which the same sauce should be served to both goose and gander. July 16. 