THE WINDOW. A grout deal depends upon the kind of lookout ono has into tlio world beyond the fireside vrkotker ono is grave or gay, contented or dis satisfied, i>oetieal or praotical. Tho window, ia fact, has more or Jess influence upon thoso to whom it affords a mental escape from workaday I affairs — upon their well bciug and their growth. A gvceu hill-side, or a pine grovo upon which the eye may rest in pauses of work, ia a mental stimulus ;. it carries the mind nwny from sordid things into realms or fairy-land, it soothes tlio weariness of body nnd soul, and makes tho narrow world stretch away Into infinitude ; or, given o bit of water view where now nnd then a sail flits by liko a quiet ghost, or a sturgeon leaps with all hia scales , glittering in tlio sun, where the shadows of tlio trees and shore aro daily painted on its Burfacc, and what a relief it furnishes to tho overtaxed brain or heart, what a chance to drop the burden of worry and anxiety, and let one's thoughts drift out with the tide into remoto regions of poetry and romance ! Tlio value of those picturos that tho window offers us can hardly bo estimated ; one is unaware how subtle and how sure their power Is, nor how far reaching and developing, how, day by day, thoy add their atom to tho beautiful mosaic of ohnrootor. ,k Ye wore but little at tho first, but mighty at tbo last." Wo adorn our walls with tho works of Uie great and lesser masters, but these pictures which may be had for nothing, which aro retouched every day and hour by u master hand, never wearying uu with their monotony, nor aggressive with their beauty, aro too often disregarded by us. Probably half tho people in the world would find difficulty in reporting tho view from their own windows, simply because thoy have never thought about it, and thero aro many to whom tho window is but a loop hole warranted to admit light . 'and air, who never regard it ns a spiritual aid ; people who beliovo it was de signed to Bhow them what thoir neighbors aro doing or wearing; and thero aro yet others who 6eem to think it was invented in order to bo safely blindfolded that tho sun may not fade their carpets or hangings. The window is liko the fttco of n friend; it has tho samo general outlines at all times, but tho expression varies with the mood of tho hour and tho weather; wo fcol n companionship with all it offers to our gaze, associated as it 19 with our daily life, our pains and pleasures, our hopes and fears ; it re lates our potty lives with tho immensity of nature, which is perhaps capablo of lending them -something largo and generous, some rlr- tuos that wo might not else liavo made our own, something of beauty to Aofton tlio asperities of every day living and thinking.' — JJarpcr'i fiazttar. 