Brevities. B.M.S. Canaan will leave for London on Friday. Naval Volunteer Artillery regatta next Saturday. H.M.S. Swinger left for New Guinea yesterday afternoon. Several boat accidents and capsizes took place yesterday in the harbor. The Eg-mont, detained in Keppel Bay, it being thought that the boatswain is suffering from small pox. Six ' doughies ' will appear before the Parramatta Benoh to-day on charges of having sold light weight Dread. Wallsend people love darkness rather than the light, having voted against lighting the borough with gas. 'I can't afford the fashions myself, eaid Mrs. Slowworm; ' but I do like to see a lady eloquently dressed.' Seiria and Bulgaria still slogging eaoh other. One day Servia gains ground, the next Bulgaria reaps the advantage. Debate in School of Arts Debating Club to-night— 'That Ireland is entitled to some form of self go vernment.' A recent address from Wioklow city to Mr. Parnell was headed, 'To Charles Parnell, Esq., M.P., Leader of the Irish Nation.' There is said to be very little difference between a man who sees a ghost and one who swallows a bad oyster, as far as looks are concerned. Tuttle and Co. will photograph at Botany to morrow those who attend the complimentary picnic to the Mayor of Sydney, Mr. Playfair. Drops of water falling continuously upon a two Inch oak plank would wear a hole through it in about thirty-five years. Moral -. Drink beer. ' Why comes not my love to me ?' asks a would be poetess. If we might be allowed to reply, it was probably because he had seen her before. The -second annual exhibition of the Central Cnm berland A. and H. Association, to be held on Anni versary Day, promises to be a great Euocess. Parramatta. people are anxiously inquiring which Is the less desirable, the piano punching of a looal tradesman or the drum thumpingB of the Salvation Army. S.S. Australia gaily decorated with bunting on Saturday, in honor of the marriage of her com mander, Captain Brough, which took place in Mel bourne. A public meeting in connection with the butchers' Early closing movement is announced for Tuesday evening nest, in the Foresters' Hall, Botany-street, Waterloo. — It is asserted that the Nepean water, when it enters the new works, is so hard as to be almost brackish. This results from the low state of the rivers supplying it. The apple crop in Central Cumberland this year will be the heaviest for the past twenty years. Already the trees have to be propped to prevent the limbs from breaking. Lecture, with lantern views, in the Bethel, George rtreet north, at 7.45 p.m., on Tuesday, by the Eev. A. C: Fry, 'Along the English Channel.' Proceeds in aid of Bethel fund. Those who attended the ceremonial at Tempe on Sunday afternoon, were regaled with an atmosphere which could not only be tasted, but it was almost jlense enough, to be cooked. A-nTinni reunion of the Engineering Association of New South Wales held at Correy's Gardens, Cabarita Point, on Saturday afternoon. There were about 150 members and friends present. IS A laborer named James M'Caffery, 32, was admitted Into the Sydney hospital this morning, suffering from jb crushed foot and a fractured ankle caused by hav jng- been run over on the Circular Quay. The corner stone of a new Baptist school-church, lor Ashneld, was laid on Saturday afternoon by Mrs. Hugh Dixon. The building when finished will pro ride sitting accommodation for 200 persons. ' Parnell has pronounced against all Liberal and Radical candidates at the forthcoming general elec tions. This means a secret treaty between the Par aellite party and Lord Randolph Churchill. In the Gaiety Theatre last evening Mr. Henry leece, the well-known elocutionist, delivered a tiumber of readings and recitations entitled '£n- Itruction and Amusement.' He was warmly ap plauded. On Thursday eveing, Nov. 17, the Eev. J. Chifton, pn behalf of the Congregation and friends of the Wesleyan Church, Castle Hill, presented Mr. Louis Pog-son with a handsome silver tea service in re cognition of his services as organist. Mr. Byrne, J.P., the C.P.S. in the Balmain Police Court, announced to-day in the court that Mr. Addison, S.M., had been taken ill, and could not tttend ; but that Mr. L. Tates, D.S.M., would be in attendance at a quarter past 2 o'clock this after noon. While a Burwood man was out watching his orchard somebody eloped with his wife, and now it is 9, common thing in his neighborhood for married gentlemen to pass their nights in their orchards. Orchards, they think, cannot be watched too care fully. ' Oh, George, how superlatively still, clear, and beautiful is the night !' Bhe whispered, leaning her' nnely veined temple against his coat-collar ; ' how loothing, how restful !' ' Yes,' he replied, toying irith her chestnut aureole of hair ; ' what a night to lhoot eats ! ' Some doubts having been raised as to the height Df the Po3t-office tower, the contractor, Mr. MoCreaie, informed a representative of this paper that the height from the street level, or where letters are posted, to the tower top is 250 feet, with an addition pf 23 feet of flagstaff. In the Hyde Licensing Court on the 18th instant, before Messrs. Manning and Goodridge, Jb.P., Patrick McGinley was granted a licence at the Tunnels, Waratah-Homebush Railway Line near Peats Ferry. Thomas McCann was fined 20s, with costs, under the Sly Grog Selling Act. Mr. James Garland, who has been foremost in rendering his services as a musician for many years to any deserving object in Parramatta, is to be ten dered a benefit by his friends on the occasion of his retiring from the conductorehip of the Cumberland band, which, he formed some thirteen years ago. A rather painful accident happened to a boy named Walter Bourne, employed at Glebe Island. It ippears that while he was riding a horse he was thrown, and broke one of his legs above the ankle. Ee was taken to the Balmain Cottage Hospital, and utteuded by Dr. O. F. S. Evans, and admitted for treatment. On the 25th and 26th of this month the pupils of the girls' public school, Parramatta North, will hold t, sale of useful and fancy articles in the Town Hall In aid of the District Hospital. The work already Bent in is of such a superior character that the funds sf that useful institution should benefit largely. A little fellow, named Norman Kennedy, 5 years of ace. residing with his parents in 7, Keith-street, Ultimo, was admitted into the Sydney Hospital on Sunday afternoon, suffering from a compound frac ture of the leg. It was reported that while he was playing under a cartload of timber a heavy log fell bp the boy and inflicted the injuries described. In the Central Criminal Court, to-day, 'William Challinor, William B. M'Lenehan, and Thomas Hardy, were charged with having stolen goods, of tbo value of about .£1500, irom the firm of Virgoe, Bon, and Chapman. A second count charged the prisoners with having received the goods knowing them to have been stolen. The case will occupy the aourt the whole day. A feud between Messrs. Gascoigne and Small, of Eyde, has been nipped in the bud. It appears that lome time ago young Small, when bathing, took -way a plank beloning to Gascoiffne. The lattergave the boy a beating, and was summoned to the Eyde police court and fined. On Saturday last Ga&ceigne; charged Small with having appropriated the plank, when the case was dismissed. Farmers are sometimes misled by machinery agents, who claim that .the string-binders they represent have won finch and such prizes, which, when examined, usually prove to be of little value, as in many 'cases there was foeble or no competition; but when they meet the Hornsby in field trials, which is the only real test, they are only fighting amongst themselves for second, third, or fourth place, as the faomsbv String-binder has, so far, secured every im portant field trial held in Australia, both hist year and this y«ar. Last week (on Wednesday) the Hornsby 6tring-t-in-ler won first' prize at Geelong field trials, beati&g; three M'Cormick and one each Wood, Howard, and Deering, and on Friday, at Nhill, the Hornsby String-binder won first prize, beating Woods, M'Cormick, and Deering ; and at this trial the judges were eo satisfied that they awarded the Hornsby a special nrize in addition to the first prize. The Sydney agents, Messrs. James Martin and Co., are equally successful with every Jiornsby String-bindai they have started. — Advt. It aids digestion to have your food well cooked. This you wfil find ftt the Luncheon Booms, Great Northern Hotel, Charlotte-place and George-st.— Advt. Caves Silver Mine. Share list open, Is applica tion, 1b allotment. Smith, Chapman, and Smith, 458, George-street.— Awra. Dentistry. — Great redactions, .£10 10s set for £5 5s. Aubrey DaviB, Eoyal Arcade.— -Advt. Have you seen the New Pointed Toe Boots for gentlemen, at 10s 6d. ,6. Whiddon's, in Orford-etreet. /-Adttt. Jumbo's 'Claret' drawn Taesday and Wednea jBay next. — Auvt. John Tann's patent anchor reliance safes and strongroom doors can only be had from the author ised agents, W. Maodonnell and Co., 812,' George street, Sydney. Beware of imitations. W. Mae donnell and Co. —ApyT. ' ' TattersaB's ' consultations on Sir JosepflBanks Handicap, Summer Cup. and TattersalT* Cop now r:n, filfinc-rapidly. Address ' Tftttewal 1,' ear* of Adams. XftttemJTe Hotel, By ojm^.—Adv*. - 