WESLEYAN LOCAL PREACHERS’ ASSOCIATION. In connection-with the annual conference of the above, a tea and public meeting were held last evening, the former in the Dana street Wesl-yan Schoolroom, the latter in the new church xin Lydiard 6treet. . A,first-class tea was provided by Mr D. M’Kenzie, of Bridge .street, and the company who attended to par take of the good things had their wants courteously attended to by Mesdames Buck, Coltman; Swift,. Campbell, Srnytli, Bell, Binks, Gribble, Curtis and Buley, and the Hisses Greenwood and James. The public meeting, which wbb commenced at 8 o’clock, and was well attended, was presided over by the Bev. W. L Binkß, and was addressed by Messrs Featonby -(Sandhurst), Wimble (Mel. bourne), Waterwortb(Castlemaine), Wood (Gee long), and Browning' (Melbourne). The choir rendered several choice selections, Mr Charleß Eyres presiding at the organ, and “ The sup pliant’s prayer ” was effectively rendered by Mrs J. Campbell. In hie opening address thechairman mentioned that in connection with the Vic torian and Tasmanian conference there were BS9 congregations, and asked what could be done without the local preachers. The growth and extension of the Methodist Church was mainly due to the successful labors of the local preachers, who, like a network, covered the whole country and give the gospel to outlying districts. He could not see the difference between the call of a local preacher and a so called minister. The minister had been ordained, aid so, he held, every local preacher who bad been cilled by 'God to preach was ordained by the Holy Ghost, and that was the best ordination they could have—that was the ordination wanted -to make them useful as the Church of. Christ. Where was the difference? Ministers were set apart absolutely and'entirely, cut off from all worldly labour and toil, devoting them selves to preaching and- other ecclesiastical duties. Local preachers were preaching ttie gospel and doing their ordinary labours—some of them making a grand fortune, which none of them (the ministers) could do. (Laughter.) That was the difference. The addresses from the local preachers were short and interesting, and the meeting-proved highly enjoyable. A collection was made in aid of the funds of the association. The secretary (Mr Letcher) read the annual balance sheet to the 31st December last, which showed .that the funds bud increased considerably during the year. 