INDUCTION CEREMONY AT ST. (} t tyWWü VAMBDEA'LÍ I YEA) A very large congregation attended at St David's Cathedral yesterday morning to witness the ceremony of inducting the newly installed Dean of Hobart, the Very Rev. Charles Leslie Dundas, to'theincumbency of St. David's Parish. of The ceremony was a very impressive one, especially to those who have watched the history of the parish since its initiation, and who have known the two previous occupants of the dual positions, both of whom are, by a strange correspondence of events, now the holders of cures in England. In the persons of the Rev. F. H. Cox and the Rev. H. H. Bromby, Mr. Dundas has as predecessors men who, by their fidelity to duty, have won the respect and esteem of the community, and there is a deep feeling of satisfaction that the Church has at last,aitersomanydiaappointmentsand vicissitudes gained the services in their stead of a gentleman who comes to them with the high character for scholarship and general fitness for the duties of the office as those by which the advent of Mr. Dundas was heralded. The offices of dean and incumbent, although not necessarily combined in the same person, have been so up to the present, and the continuation of the union is a wise step. There was no attempt at church decora- tion of a special character, but the altar looked very bright and beautiful with its white festal frontal and four large bouquets, while the base of the cross was also swathed in daisies. Shortly after 11 o'clock, a reverential voluntary having been played by the organist (Mr. F. A. Packer), the usual procession of choir and clergy, at the rear of which walked the Bishop of Tasmania (Dr. Sandford), entered from the sacristy and took up their places as follows :-The Bishop, with the Rev. J. B. Woolnough, organizing secretary of the Church Society, acting as his chaplain, occupied seats within the sanctuary. The now Dean occupied his proper seat on the demand side of the choir, near the pulpit, with Canon Bailey, registrar of the diocese, on his right hand. On the cause side of the choir were the Ven. Arthur Davenport, Archdeacon of Hobart, and the Rev. H. C. Hancock, who has been noting incumbent of St. David's parish since Mr. Bromby left. Morning prayer was intoned by the Rev. H. C. Hancock, the lessons being read by Canon Bailey and Archdeacon Davenport. The morning service having proceeded as far as the third collect, a hymn was sung, and the induction ceremony commenced. The three churchwardens took up their places at the altar rail, and the Bishop having advanced to the centre of the sanctuary, and standing in front of the altar, with the Dean in front of him, directed the registrar to read the deed of institution. Canon Bailey produced the parchment sheet, to which was attached the diocesan seal, and which, in stately legal terms, bestowed the two offices upon Mr Dundas, with jurisdiction in the cathedral and parish to perform every act and sacerdotal function among the people of the same, continuing in communion with the church and complying with its rubrics and canons and with such lawful directions as he should at any time receive from the Bishop. The document having been read, the registrar handed it to the Bishop, who formally handed it in his turn to Mr. Dundas. -( The BISHOP, then, addressing the congregation, said "Dearly Beloved in the Lord, We are here for the purpose of duly inducting the Rev. Charles -Leslie-Dundae into this parish as incumbent of the same, and I, as Bishop of the diocese, have accepted his nomination and appointment, and issued thereupon our letter of institution arid license. But if any of you can show just cause why he may not be inducted, we proceed no further, because we would not that an unworthy person! should minister among you." After a short pause, during which dead silence reigned In the sacred edifice, and finding there was no protest against the in- duction, The Senior Churchwarden (Mr. J. G. STEELE) presented the keys of the church to the new incumbent, saying :- ' "In the name and on behalf of St. David's Parish, I do receive and acknowledge you, the Rev. Charles Leslie Dundas, an incumbent of the same, and in token thereof give into four hands the keys of this church." The New Incumbent, taking the keys in" his right hand, replied I- S T, CuAiiLEfj LMLIB DrjtfíUS, receive their keys of the house of God at your hands as the pledge of my institution, and of your parochial recognition, and promise by the help of God to be a faithful shepherd over you, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The office proceeded, and after prayer the Bishop handed the new incumbent, copies of the Bible and the Book of Common Prayer, saying :-" Receive these books, and let them be the rule of thy conduct in dispensing the divine Word in leading the, de- votions of the people, and In exercising the discipline of the Church, and be thou in all things a pattern to the flock committed to thy care." , An anthem and other prayers were followed by the episcopal benediction pronounced by the Bishop, with his right hand resting on the head of the kneeling Dean, in the following words : " The God of peace, who brought again from the dead our Lord Jesus Christ, that great Shepherd of the sheep, through the blood of the everlasting covenant, make you perfect in every good work to do his will, working in you that which is well pleasing in his sight, through Jesus Christ, to whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen." The Bishop having retired to his throne, the inducted minister advanced to the altar and knelt at it to present his, sup- plication for himself. He said "O Lord my God I claim not worthy that thou shouldest come under my roof; yet thou has honoured thy servant with appointing him to stand in the house, and to serve in thy presence. To thee and to thy service I devote myself, my body, soul, and spirit, with all their powers and faculties. Fill my memory with the words of the law ; enlighten my understanding with the illumina- tion of the Holy Ghost and may all the wishes and desires of my will centre in that which thou hast commanded. ' And, to make me instrumental in promoting the salvation of the people now committed to my charge, grant that I may faithfully administer thy holy sacraments, and. by my life and doctrine set forth thy true and lively word. So over with me in the performance of all the duties of my ministry in prayer, to quicken my devotion in praise to heighten my love and gratitude and in preaching, that I may think and speak according to the clearness and excellency of thy holy word. (Grant this for the sake of Jesus Christ thy Son our Saviour. Amen." ? , , ,,- not Then the instituted minister, standing up, intoned the following prayer :-" 0 Almighty God, who hast built thy church upon the , foundation is of the apostles and prophets,' Jesus' Christ himself being the chief corner-stone ; Grant that, by the operation of the Holy Ghost, all Christian people may be ap- joined together in unity of spirit, in the bond of - peace, and in righteousness of life, that they may be an holy temple acceptable unto thee. And especially-., to this congregation here present, give the abundance of thy grace that, with one heart, they may desire the prosperity of thy holy apostolic church, and with one mouth may profess the faith once delivered to the saints, Defend them from all false doctrine, heresy, and schism ; let not the foot of pride come nigh to hurt them, nor the hand of the ungodly to cast them down. And grant that the course of this world may be peaceably ordered by thy governance, that thy Church may joyfully serviettes, in all godly quietness, that Bowe may walk in the ways of truth and peace, and at last be numbered with thy saints in glory everlast- ing through the merits of Jesus Christ, the Bishop and Shepherd of our souls ; who, with the Father and the Holy Ghost, liveth and reigneth, Pie God, world: without end. Amen." ' A This concluded the induction ceremony, and the celebration of the Holy Communion Was commenced, Dean Dundas being the celebrant, Archdeacon Davenport, deacon, and the Rev. H. C. Hancock, sub deacon. The offertory sentence " Charge them that are rich in this world " was sung very prettily by Master Mcintyre. The sermon was preached by the Bishop, who took for his text, St. John vi., 5, I " Whence shall we buy bread that these ma eat." He said that the appeal which a jj sud populous city parish must commonly I present to one set in pastoral 'jnaTjp as he was that of a multitude hungering and thirsting, their mills Writing in them. After some genora^r-emarks on the miracle of the feeding of too 5,000, the Bishop 'said they would Porn; very fitting that direction to what he had still to say ihcor'.nootion with the special duty which it IIB' d faUon to him to discharge in their present- that morning. It was no empty Coretn criticism no more formal act required only . . d cuStom. Institution and induct' J"CYug»l force nndchawotor. For P So it might be those were allowed to be t' Jo matched and pIG. Stnd Ufa to "two iQ the revival of a white. trellis.. as their corporate and personal action with the (()ónseioís£easpi the divine presence) and the authority entrusted to them. So induction was no longer Jobe secretly in a corner, but openly in the course of divine service, and with prayer and benediction, and with the help and encouragement of the sympathy and Intercessions of the people, whose interests were so closely and intimately concerned in the ceremony. The Bishop commended in warm language the new incumbent to the people, reminding them that they had their part to do, without which his labours and teaching must be in vain, and conjured them to make St David's not in name only, but in reality the mother church and parish of the diocese, the model and example to the rest, the helper and strength and crown of rejoicing vouchsafed by the love which actuated and constrained them. The DEAN delivered his first sermon in the Cathedral at the evening service, taking for his text St. John xx, 21. He said that it was with the same words of greeting as those which the risen Saviour addressed to his eleven faithful apostles that he now came to them and said "Peace be unto you." a Like all ministers of the Gospel he was sent to them by the Great Master whom they all served, with a divine message committed to him, a distinct truth which he was to speak to them in the Master's name. He was sent to them by Jesus Christ, and they had welcomed him, not in his own name, but as one sent by the Great Master. They had received him as coming to them, bearing a message, with kindness and generosity For his office sake, and he stood before them for the first time that evening in the same spirit. He had come because the Great King had sent him to fill a certain office in a certain part of His world-wide and eternal kingdom, and he thanked them that they were willing to receive him in that name, and he would fain preach to them peace through Jesus Christ. Having referred at length to the power of the Church and its ministers to inculcate truths, and to the peace which came to all by the power of the incarnation and its extension to them, making them new creatures, he pointed to Christ as the source of all truth to them, and as the only means through which they could carry it out in their lives. " Now brethren," said the preacher, " I beseech you, by our Lord Jesus Christ, and by the love of the Spirit, that ye strive together with me in your prayers to God for me that I may have come to you in joy, and together with you find peace. That you will do so I hope, and that we shall have the prayers of one far away I know, because he told me so-ho who laboured amongst you so long, with such earnestness, and with such evident results, by the Divine blessing. He enjoined me to assure you how near you still are to his heart, andlcandosowiththefullest confidence. I could not listen to his tone without being convinced that it was indeed true what he said that his heart was still here-and as he is earnestly praying that the work which God permitted him to begin may be carried on and developed, by the Grace of God, by his successor, so I would humbly and earnestly beg of you to join with him in the prayer that God may indeed bless to you the messenger that he has sent. The Church at Home, at the invitation of your chief pastor, has sent me out as an evidence of her sisterly affection for you, of her sympathy with you, and of her desire, if in any way she can do so, to help you onward in your Christian course. It is a great comfort to realise as one comes day after day speeding over the vast ocean-it was a great comfort to be able to look forward, and a still greater happiness to find for oneself, by experience, that at the end of so many thousands of miles the same grand Church of Jesus Christ, with all her energy, with all her earnestness, with all her love and all her care for the souls of men and dependence on the Spirit of God." Dean Dundas spoke for about half an hour, without notes of any kind, and was listened to with deep earnestness by all, especially in the reference he made to the late Dean. The musical services were of a special character fully choral, and the hymns appropriate to the occasion. Dykes in F was sung In the morning for the canticles, and in the evening Garrett in F. The evening congregation was also a very large one, and the Bishop and clergy present in the morning were present at and took part in it, 