Wk hardly know what to make of tho general olec tion, which may now bo regarded a) practicnlly over In most solf-uovorning '-ountrics there ni:o dofined parties, w^io at each ol'-ction T'laeo their programmes l.el'ore tho peopl , who a--o then ona' lod to give a ver dict. Party spirit is often undoubtedly carried into extremes, nnd adhesion to party candidates so insisted ? ,'ro often [ilucccl in verv crroiit strait# i,i having to support njeu with whoso views they do not wholly agreo ; but for nil that party government has tho groat advantage of giving tho electors a broad aid clear platform, \\-hich prevents o ror.- tlirnu h mero personal neighborly or local vro .lileclions. By no process of roaioning can wo find a part in Now South Waloi, nor was there any plaf fum put beforo the people. Wo boldly aypr that iicvor has there been a general election fought with \- o little I, of, ire the people, and » ith such few pioaqs foe vlio electors to form » jodgmenton. To agreat entout, tho. oforo, tho election was contested on tbo lowest plat foira. po-sonal or local motives, and couseq'iontly wo miy oipect that tho men roturnod will have littlo ability to look upon anything in a national light, Mr Dibbs wont to the country lor no earthly purpose that wo could see. Ho propounded no policy, ho gavo no explanation «f how hp iutonded to deal with the ureat quo.-tions that must bo dDaJt with in the near future. Ho nppears to have boon on his defence throughout, to havo dealt with tho past and to have utterly ignored the future. Of what value is tlio past to us, eftvro so far as it act * ay & beacon ? Mr Dibbs ha- in Ipss th^n throe vears speut £11,000,000 of borrowed money, besides apposing of a surplus of £?'500 000 and a revenue of £24,'XK),000—in all tho enormous sum of £37,500,000, about £12,000,000 per annum — but wo cannot recall that money; fill wo can do is to provide the interest, and MrDtbbs did ut condescend to tell us how Sir Honry Parkos was as had as Mr pibbs : he propounded no policy ; he roliod upon wholo*alo abuso of his opponents, upon proving their corruption and venality, or racner oi as-orting they woro venal aud corrupt. His only pro miso— what a grand thing for a statesman— was IW ho would marry Sydney and the North Shore by a bridge ! As a matter of fact, therefore, we have elected a Parliament that will take it* seat unpledged in every respect. It cau do anything it pleases, and wo cannot accuse it of iu any way broaking faith. Wo havo given it carta blanche. Truo, a eoction of the Hou«e has promised to alter the J#and Bill, outran equal section seems to havo boon returned to give it a fair trial. As to the Local Government Bill and tho few other sterootyped moasures promisod by both aide?, thoy cannot be looked upon as matters^ of policy ; they belong to the realm of mere practical legislation; of the utmost necessity indeed but certain to bo carried by any pa^ty, Whftt wo com plain of is that the electors obtained no opportunity to give Parliament directions for tho future. If Sir Henry parkes gots into power, he will havo fulfilled all hi- promises whop he clears Dibbs and his crew out of tho Augean stable, and replaces ^ with men of the politically pure f tamp of John IJavies, Wehavo jiot tho ghost of a guarantee that he will conduct the counjtpy safely through the great financial crisis that seepis to l»,o iooiflfng. At best lie ^ will but resort t tho makeshift of sellini; tho public lands. Should Mr Pibbs ho able to hold on w}th tljo help °f the In dependents, ho will go on the old way, and at an OM'ly date, when the pinch is beginning to be felt, float ano ! ther £5,000,000 loan. Ho will kpep blowing his bwbr ! bios; serving tho wind liko Sir Julius Vogel, leaving tbo.-e who eomo after to reap tho whirlwind There aro no do'ibt, some who can pick crumbs of comfort out of tho prtssont state of affairs, aud who boliov o that tho House will disc, rd the old politi lans and make a frosh start with new men. Thoro would bo n diiinre of that if some of tho now mon had command ing ahilities and force of character. Throughout the election we have ^r/itched for somo men of that btamp, oagor to find the nncleps a now party, but we have failed : if there aro such men they have carofully hiddon their talents. On the whole we must sav tho political prospect is one we look upon with dUmay. It may bo, indeed, that Sir Henry Parke» and Sir -'ohn Robertson may be able to call to their councils now men who will supply that, in which these politicians are so deficient Perhaps, one fact cannot bo quostionod : that never in tho hMory of tho ..?ninny was thoro moro wanted a strong Ministry and a htrong Promier. Wo can only hope and pray that tho time and tho occasion will call forth the mau, but as tho Scotchwoman said we ' hue oor doota,' 