[?] THE BUSHMAN. Mere am I stretched, in careless case, ' Outside my hut in this strange old wood ; - The magpie chatters someH-here in the trees, And the curie*- pipes in its dreariest mood ; Hie passion flower's clinging- leaves interlace. As a. screen from the glare of the setting sun, 'While phantoms of old flit past my face With the old year's hours dying one by one. Wattle tree perfumes fall thick on the sense, And acacia blossoms whiten the ground, While the silence around me, growing intense, Would lap my soul in a languor profound, Save for the mosquitoes' unwelcome horn, \- Fanning their fires as the day grows cool, Or the ' muffled monotones ' that come Frc m a haiwt of frogs in a neighboring pool. 1i\e forest ist peopled with stiff stark forms, Ti:at stare me like sentries in the face — Kcfr auen, but grim weird trees the storms Dave thrown together devoid of grace— Ai:d i-arasites climb the bald smooth sides, Baisging their tendrils frcm every bough, iike my preser.t life, 'that scantly hides The ghosts of hope that are ended now. ?' Friends?' I bad troops in my younger days— At lesst they appeared to Ihjso to me — 1 Ley augured my future with smiles and praise, Faithful and steadfast they promised to be— 'Kiit row, like a withered leaf lightly whirled ? !'y the wind from some £ar-off flourishing stem, 3\. aiii blotted wholly out of their world, : My very name is forgotten by them. '?'-Books?' Ah, well! I am not the dunce ? You may think me now, prosaic and slow— .Grave or gay, I loved them once, Aud they quickened my pulses long long ago — Unt- useless now as these ringed old emns, To cheer or shade they liave lost the ar£-» As vinegar upon nitre comes The singer of tongs to a worn-out heart. I was one time tempted to drown in drink The regrets that haunted me from the past— But the Send was conquered— I could not link Eemorse to the shadows around me cast-^ Hardly dealt with I think at times, 111 keep the innermost shiine unstained, Hoping- still that more generous climes Slay in God's universe yet bo gained. Aims, that formed the romance of youth — ! Hopes, that stirred me in earlier life — The yearnings for undiscovered truth. With which my boyish days were rife— The thirst to rise, «xcei, command— \- Seem only now to provoke a smile. As I take my felling aie in my hand And tack at the forest with ceaseless toil. Now for my pipe. The dying sun Carte its last rays through yon old sheaoat ; And the phantoms -vanish, one by one, Before the ascending wreaths i-f smoke. 5 hare done an honest day's work, God knows, And when I turn in, aid go to sleep, AH I ask for is deep repose Im dreamless clumbers my soal to steep. 