Sftetcte Spring-Heeled Jacli. [From All The Tear Bound.) , i IT is now nearly half a eiyitnry since the inhabitants of London and its suburbs were kept in a constant state of terror by a .man, who, /under variousdisguises, would suddenly ap- ! pear.before the unsuspecting pedestrian, and, after having neatly frightened the traveller ontof hisor hertsenses, would as suddenly disappear 1 with terrible (bounds, leaving the \- ' 'mpressioii upon his affrighted'Victim that his . Satanic .Majesty ; had condescended to pay him aViBiflHpersbD. Evening >as the time gene- '.' rally' choBen' -by' this eccentric character for his exploits; and, flonbtleias, %ere are many living who can recollectthepangoffe'arwhich shot .through their hearts when, leaping from gome dark corner, onto! a door-way, or over a hedge, he stood before you. , r . .Who this singular being was, or. what was V> : tbetrno object Of his escapades, .can only, bet left to conjecture, as he was never captured; rj".V i certain itiB.thatirobberywas notthe motive, s : ' torhe was neverknownsto takea Bingle coin from his victims, even when fright had ren- I> deredthem an easy pray, nor did he often practice any other degree of cruelty beyond, scaring them,"which, however, was quite sufficient, as in some instances the sufferers never thoroughly recovered the shock to their nerves. . ' - • • •> ; The only Burmiseas to his identity that was ever hazarded, was that he was the Mar- ; •; quis-of Waterford—then -famous as a ringleader in all that savoured of fun and frolic— but not a shadow of proof, could be ever adduced in support of this theory, The more general belief appears to have been that there .Were eeVerol persons concerned in the afiair; . '..that the/ were members of high families, and , * sr. ' that the cause of their pranks was a bet ot three thousand pounds that they wonld pro- "A : ! -cure,the'fleath of not lessithanthirty/human ff ibeings, Apportioning .them with nice descrimination as follows Bight old bachelors, ten : . j . f®ldmaids;-and:«ix Jady'fl maids, and as many, servant-girls as they conld, trusting .th&t;by depriving them of their reason ihey would accelerate their deaths. This is, of course, incredible, but the chief clerk of the Mansion House police-Jrourt, in » letter to 4he' newa- -r-< / >papers, said it was so reported to a committee f i ': j' T Shat :waa formed iy the lord Msyor for the s ' ^nipose of tracking, and, prosecuting the jif'sSooundrela, K> If It-jsidifficult.'to assign .the exact loeality. Which gave birth to this extraordinary'freak,• „r,;,.f; ^ either side of stho -Thames ;claiming, the dis- 1 "'" " fJSfaotion ; some averring that it-was «t Hammersmith, others again, that it was Barnes. The inost trustworthy accounts give the palm to the latter village. It was in the latter end of 1837, at Barnes, that the ghost made its first appearance in * v. ?thp shape of aiarge whitebull, attacking sevc- K f r ;ral personBj.mDre particularly women, many ; of whom suffered most severely from the fright. M East Sheen, in tho form of a white honoKr,".andiii-the course of afew days all ':Bichmond was«ghast at:the,tales of women being frightened to death and of children -be-: -.'ingstom to pieces by him.sjlhewearch after : ; the unearthly visitant was hcrerbecoming«too warm Jo> ho ghjftecl the «oene cf his labours to Ham, King6ton,i«nd Hampton, at which latter place he was seen; clad In armour of brass, with spring shoes, and large clawlike glovep, bat being hotly pursued he scaled the walls of Bushby Park and vanished. Teddington, Twickenham, and Hotmelow.aUhaa stories to tell,of .his appearance, and In Sion Park, the seatotthoDnkeotNorthumbejland, many and fearful were the injuries said to ^ hive been inflicted by Mm. At rlsleworth aJ carpenter was seized at«leven o'clock at night, : and most nnmercifully beaten by the ghost, who was attired in polished steel armour,-with J redahoes, etc. It must be noted what an exeeedingly varied ^ardrtiie this sprite must have "liad,' lendering it very flifficult, -ones would think, for him to move, with snth 'extendveproperties, with alaerity from place to place, ri > The neighbourhosd of TJxbrldge ;was the next scene of his pranks, and he approached the metropolis through Hanwell, Brentford, and Baling, in which last place he was seen in sted armour, striking terror into the inimates of,the ^various schools locatoi there,, and frightening the blacksmith el the village so completely as to force him to keeplus bed in consequence of the shock he sustained. At Hammersmith he ioond-a determined Opponent in the shape of a laundress, to whom he appeared: an ithe form of-immense; baboon, six ieet high, with enormous-eyes,- and arms of an extensive length; and in strict , keeping.with Ins animal appearance, he grmited-iike ian hyena. This courageous, woman, after sn ineffectual attempt to avoid* her oniamiy^^ visitor, determined to give him battle, and flew, at him with anoh fury that he was glad ^o give up the contest. •: Even ^he toyal. precinets of, EenBington Palace. did not escape from his visits,"children having seen the unearthly being : daneing -by moonlight on the Palace Green, and ever and anon scaling -the walls ot the royal forcing-: houses. In consequence of thepanio attending these, exaggerated stories, tho police had strict orders to investigate theirtruth, bnt were onable, in the majority: ot cases, to trace any person who: had really seen the apparition. That there was mischief afoot, however, was clearly shown by the applicstioas at:the Man: sion House and other polioe-oourts;forprotection. At P«ckh»m he caused . the ^reateBt. alarm (judging byi'k letter "to . the Iibrd Mayorj from a resident there), appearing in a new character, as a spectre, and . tearing out of her senses, amongst others;' an .unfortunate servant girl who opened a door to him; and the writer also said that seven ladies hadbeen reduced to the same -nhhappy^etate [through fright at the awful apparition. Letters pour^i -into ;3he Mansion Honse from Ml parts of London, showing how nniversd was the terror whioh had been inspired by this masquerading miscreant. ' Several persons,- most especially women, were injured bodily in many instances by the claws with which he appears to IhaVe armed his hinds," and if one writer .may be believed, several deaths on the Booth side oITjondon iaa been catised by the shock hie appearance had given. "A letter from St. John's Wood atated that lor -a whole fortnight that neighbourhood had been favonredwith Spring-heeled Jack's attentioaB; he sometimes appearing as a bear,.and sometimes clad in mail. . ;Thia - correspondent asserted tbat the betj -which waa sopposed to be the cause of these prahkai was that the monater should kill eix women in some given time. That his appearafcee was calculated to np set even the stoutest- hearted must be admitted, for the Lord Mayor Himself, though much .inclined to be sceptical, ..acknowledged that he had heen given to" nnderstiuid, on -undoubted authority, that'in the vicinity of Forest Hill, where he resided, one of the female servants of a gentleman who lived near his house had been terrified'irito fits by the sudden appearance of a figure clad in a bear's skin, which, upon being -draws aside, exhibited the human body, with long horns emblematical of Batan himself—clad in a suit of mail. The *' ghosttlia hot disaain to avail him. self of material means of conveyance ocoa sionally, as is shown by a letter to the Morning Herald; January 3L<5th, 1838, from "A BeBident oh Paddington Green," who stated that he had seen, close to his house, a figure clad in white, closely pursued by two men, and, after a-smartbhase,ihis matter-offact apparition jnmpedinto a cabritlei, sni was driven out of the reach of his would-be captors. A committee was formed at the Mansion Houee in January,. 1838, for the pnrpoee of receiving subscriptiohs, and to decide upon the.best means of capturing this uneasyspirit, and of witog it with *thb'punishment which it so richly deserved. In sending a donation ^of five pounds to the fund, a gentleman, residing at Dulnich wrote/thathis vdanghter; Vwas lying in a very dangerous state, having been nearly deprived of her -senses by the eiidden appearance of a 'figure enveloped in a white sheet and blue fire, whioh.-had met her on her return home irbm a fnend's hoaee; others equally testified to injuries deceived at the hands of the hobgoblin. A reward of ten pounds was offered, for the apprehension of the heartless scoundrel,' but unhappily It completely failed in its object, and the perpetrator of this ghastly " jbke"'cohtinued to be at large. Thinking) perhaps, that ha had done as much harm as he desired in the other parts of London, for a .whole month Spring-heeled- Jaok deyoted himseli to diBtwbing the peaee ol mind of the dwellers in the East End of the metropolis, the neighborhood of Bow being particularly, patronised by him. One gross outrage came before the police-magistrate at Lambeth-street, and caused considerable attention. . A young lady; named ATsop, living with her parents in the vicinity.,, otJBow, stated that at about a quarter to sine o'clock on'ike evening of 3?ebruary. 21,1838, she heard a •.violent ringing at the front ^ateif ijhe house, and on going'to the doo: to see what waB ; the cauEe, she saw a man standing outside, of whom "elie enquired what was the! matter. The person instantly replied that he -was .a policeman, and said: '.'for God's sake bring me s light, for we hava caught Spring-heeled. Jack here in , the lane.".. She returned into the house, and brought acandle and handed it to the man, who was enveloped in a large cloak. The instant she had done so, however, he threw pS his,outer garment, and applying the lighted candle to his breast, presented a most hideous and frightful appearance, and vomited forth a quantity of -blue sndiwhite flame from his mrath, his eyes resembling red balls of fire. From the hasty plaice which her -fright enabled hcr >to .get <at his person, she observed that he wore a large hdmet. and liis dress, which appeared to fit him : very tight, seemed to her to resemble white oil-skin. Without uttering a sentence he darted at her, and catching her partly by her SreBs,-and the 'back part of her neck, placed her head nnder one: ol Ms arms, and commenoed tearing her clothes with .hie claws, which she was .eertam ware made of some metallio^ubBtflnce..Sl)e:Ecreamedoutas loud as she could for assistance, and by considerable exertion got away.from him, and ran towards the Jrouse to get. in. Her assailant,-however, fbllawedj«nd «aught ier on the doorstep, when he'again used considerable-violence; tore her neck and varms with: his daws, .as well, as quantity>of -hair from her head; but she was at le»gth reBeuod from him by one of her sisters, Her story was fully corroborated by. her parents and sisters, and her injuries, whibh'were very, con-; :«iderablei'bore nnmlBtakablelteBtimony to the truth of the assault. Subsequently in Bow Pair Fields Jack narrowly esoaped capture by «omc workmen, and itwaBOnly:by/hiB,extreme:agii;ty,andintimate knowledge of the locality that he got 1 clear off, Two men were arrested *e being concerned in this affair—one a masterbricklEyer, and ihe other A carpenter; bat after a very long and searching:imve»fcigation atXambeth-street polioe-court.'theyiworedis. charged, as ihey were not 3ully identified as • being -ihe actnal- perpetrators. though it was certain they knew something -mbre jit loWJihe matter than they choft to acknowledge. Anothetsample.of the ghost's/plriyful-wflys J in the Bast End of London, was shown by a statement made before the magistrate ^ Lambeth-street poiicc court, March 8, I83S,; by a Mies Se&lcs;, who deposed that as she and her sister were walking in Limebouse about half-past eight in ..the evening, on coming.to.Grcen Dragon Alley they observed some person standing in an angle iu the passage. She was iu advance of her sister at the -timej -ftnd just as she came up to Hbe person, who was enveloped in a large cloak, he spirted a quantity of blue flame right in her face, which deprived her of her sight, and so, alarmed her, that she-instantly, dropped to the ground and was .seizedwith violent fits,,; which continued for several hours. This individual was described as tall, tfein, and of gentlemanly appearance, and carried in front of -him a small lamp, similar to those used by the police; he did not utter a word, nor did he attempt to.lay hands on the yonng woman, hot walked away in an instant. .Hot confining himself to tbe crowded parts ^of the metropolis, ;he made-the suburbs hi fl ^innting.gronnd, and terrorised.both sides of the Thames to such an extent that but few females wonld venture out after dark without •sufficient -escort. He visited Blackbe&th; in a truly novel and marvellous "manner. Three Jadies :-were jcsrossiDg • the heath at aboutisix' o'clock, when they suddenly eame npon a monstrous figure before them, and as the lamps had been lit some time, they had a good view of it. The 'tmODBter, they. said, liad a phosphoric lustre, showed tremendous long ears, hpms:and -tail like tnoss of a bullock. One of the ladies fell down in a fit, and the other two had res»rt to that potent weapon in the female armoury, a good scream, which promptly brought* policeman to their assistance, and on his bold advance the apparition; threw itself over his head and disappeared on the heath, during which-gymnastic performance,~it was eaid, the hooks, or springs/ on his heels were distinctly visible. , . In » . pamphlet, published at the time, we have preserved to ns a portrait of ;the " ghost," as he appeared in this inBtance/and the representation even, much lesB the reality, is quite enough to upset the nerves of any ordinaryrminded psreon. He is depicted as clad in all the orthodox details of a satanic outfit, horns, tails, eto., with fearful claws on both. hands And feet, the.lalter additionally armed with large hooks, attached to the heels, whilst his countenance puts any mediicval conception of the Evil One quite to the blush'. No wonder) then, the ladies are shown as suffering an extremity of terror, with tbecr mouths -extended to, their utmost capacity, presumably screaming. ."••••!? In another tract there is 8 similar'portrait of ihis Snan- flend, its horrors being heightened by being liighly-colored, and there lie is represented as appearing in a churchyard to tw* women. . In a third booklet he appears as in halfarmottf, with helmet, etc., his nether limbs being clad in a species of fox-hunting costume, a huge cloak adorning his back, i Having alarmed the dwellers on the south side of the Thames, s* ai nearly to deprive them of their senses, he again crossed the . water, and appeared to a party of people,near Holloway in the Raise of a bear. Here, however, be met with a reception he hardly contemplated, for there being a brickfield handy, the men of the party treated him to a shower of bricks, a mode of treatment which he by no meahs relished, and whioh induced him to beat a speedy retreat. " ' "< One evening, 1 near Lord Holland's gate at Kensington, a gaunt figure accoutred like .Don Quixote, and covered with spikes, was seen striding, along the road, and, after staring in the faces «f some labouring men, disappeared in an instant. These men, it is said, went into a beer-shop in the vicinity, and then relating what they had seen, they again went to the place where the figure had appeared, in expectation of its return. However, they -did not meet it, but they saw an uncouth monster, having the shape of an caormous baboon, playing its antioa. beneath some trees, whith overhung the road. As they approached tho creature sprang up on the branches^aid disappeared, Spring- heeled Jack, of course, being credited with this mysterious occurrence. • Habkhey'wae fayoredwith an extraordinary vieioS 6t tljie many-shaped intruder on tbe public peace, for he appeared, so the story iun£, in the shape of a lamp-lighter walking on his head and hands, and carrying his ladder between his feet, to which was" sus- pended & lantern of large dimensions, amply Sighted. And this curious creature, on being approached, somersaulted so high that theEe who'saw it wke utterly'astonished. But this, Eurtly, ifl .rather more than even the moBt credulcus ought to be expected to swallow, and the story must have been manufactured to feed the public taste for the marvellous: -,,.-, Another glimpse of him was had on : tbe road to Woolwich, whim a ilue flame issued from his mouth, and a girl who witnessed it tell into fits.- r His dress .on this occasion is described as that of a gentleman, with the somewhat startling addition of a wide strip of scarlet down the back of his coat. Beinj pursued, he sprang over the fences as usual and. was out of-sight in; an instant. Still lingering in Sent, he was found tbe follo&ing; night at Dartlord, where he'was clad in ja bear-skin, ahd amnsed himself with the mischievous trick of 'putting out the town gas and leaving the' streets in darkness.. The ubiqQity'ofthefeUowwas sometliingwonderful,andtend^d,,of.courae,verymoch to enhance his fame; no .'sooner was he heard of in Kent, than he turned up at HampEtead Heath, springing over the furze-bushes and somersanltingoverthegravel-pitB.» So numerous were the tales told of Spring heeled Jack that a good many must be supposed to be true; whilst, on the other hand, great allowance niuBt be made for credulity, some people not being cohtent.with the mar> •vellonB M they fiad it, but being only too happy tO'acld. thereto. /Aa :a' final specimen of toe nonsense circulated about his appearance, perhaps the following is about the best! A wonderfnt sight; it^was said, was witnessed ,on 3?rimroseHiilone evening. On thesummit appeared a- huge- figure <of a man, in a flame of pale blue ; it then assumed the bulk of a massive elephant; then of a windmill in full 'operation, and lastly, in -lessening its dimen. eions, it :beoame a large ball of enow, which rolled down the hill, ' aicl eaeaped further ,notice. iWhat Spring- heeled,>;JaoG;haa:ito 4oi with -this.idreadfuliappearanoe ifl..not.;at all clear, but it .was attributed to him, neverthe- leas, such was the hold- that he had obtained over the publit mind. .; \- Whether too much attention was beginning to be paid to him>with a view to his capture, 1 •r whether his love of misohief had died'out; scannot behold, 1 hnteertainjt.was rthat nothr -Ing was-known publicly of this singular being after April, 1838, having -kept > London. in a ferment of excitement and terror for about Jlix months. The foregoing are only a few of the stories, veracious "or oftiersfise, that were related of iim,fipace «ot.permitting any more detailed: account to be girtn. 1 The notoriety, i this .fellow - had obtained seems te -have nad the effect :of making many' silly yonng men emulous to enact the sruffian in a smali.way, considering it tbe height of clevernesa to frighten womea and children out' e< their wits, ander ihe belief that Springheeled Jack was - attacking them. Many cowardly assaults on women were reported in (various parts'of the metropolis, under the impression, doubtless, that it:was all a "lark;" but it was a joke the victims hardly approoiated,-»s, «hould they eoream out in tiieir terror, .iheirsnnmanlyi- assailants didbot hesitate to strike them with their fists in the month, in order to silence them. One of these imitations of Jack, a young footman, who had kept jthe inhabitants ol Eilbnrn in considerable alarm by sallying out npon them disguised as a ghost, in a white Jheetandhideonsmftskj- iromwhiohdepended a long beard, was captured and fined £4, whioh seems .hardly-, an adequate'.sentence for the -offence, seeing how -seldom these: gentry gave justice a chanoe of punishing theta. In satirical paper, the "Age,; 1 pf Match lli l833, is found s. leoipe for ihe -ccire of fpring-hccls " in V Jacks." ^ . ji.' " Take of p»»s,- pepp?r, Fait, and gunpowder an tqual amonnt. Hat inixtare jn blondeabusii* without •schiple:" "Silike tion in the region of tee 'os cbcygis,' and Plet fly. We are happy in having the best opinion that no person affliotea with ' Spring-heelea Jackism' can wHhstanil thc c-jfects of thiB treatment ot his nervous system." Undotbteily, if this prescription had been followed extensively in its entirety by the inhabitants of London, there would not have been much mote heard of the.:prankB of .thfese cowardly JEllows.ffhoBe^ly.redeiernirig-point wftB'thattheyabBtainedfiom- plandenngjthoEe who had been weak enough to be frightened hy .their_appearance. . x , . .'-'i 