1 $ B. £ S S* WITHOUT A HOME ! By the Author of 'From Jest to Eabxesi.' Chapter XXX. THE SECRET VICE HEVEALEl-. On the day proceeding Christmas, late in the afternoon, Roger Atvvood boarded a steamer which had just arrived from a Southern city. His uncle, the commission merchant was expecting; a consignment of tropical fruits, and as the young man stood among; others waiting' to see the freight clerk, he overheard one of the vessel's officers remark, ' His name is Jocelyn— so papers on his peraon indicate — and he must be sent to a hospital as soon as possible.' Advancing promptly to the speaker, Kog-er said, ' I overheard your remark, sir, and think I know the gentleman to whom you refer. If I am light, I will take him to his family immediately.' The officer acted with such alacrity as to prove that he was very glad to get the sick man off his hands, and Roger noted the fact. A moment later he saw Martin Jocelyn, sadly changed for the worse, and lying unconscious in a berth. ' I am right, I am very sorry to say,' Roger said, after a moment, with a long, deep breath. 'This will be a terrible shock to his family.' ? Do you think he is dying V the officer asked. ' I don't know. I will bring a physician and take Mr. Jocelyn home on one condition — that our consignment of produce is delivered at once. I must he absent, and my employer's interests must not suffer in consequence I am doing you a favour, and you must return it just as promptly.' The freight clerk was summoned, and Roger assured that his uncle's consign ment should take the precedence as fast as it could bo reached. The young man then hastened to 6nd the nearest physi cian, stopping a moment at his place of business to give hurried explana'ion of biB course. Mr. Atwood listened in silence, and nodded merely ; but, as Roger hastened away, he muttered, ' This mixing himself up with other people's troubles isn't very shrewd, but his making capital out of it bo that my consignment will all be delivered to-night is — well, we'll call it even. He's no fool.1 The physician was rather young and inexperienced, and' he pronounced Mr., Jocclyn's trouble to be congestion of the brain. He agreed to go with Roger to the old mansion aud do what he could for the patient, although holding out slight hope of recoveiy. ' She is learning to associate me with misfortune, and will dread my presence as if I were a bird of ill-omen,' Roger groaned mentally, as if he recalled the several miserable occasions which, in the mind of Mildred, were inseparably con nected witli himself; ' but some day — some diy, if I have to strive for a lifetime —she shall also learn that it is not I who bring the trouble.' Christmas comos at the darkest and dreariest season of the year, making short, cold days, and longer, colder nights the holiday season, just as He, whose birth the day commemorates, comes to human hearts in the darkest and coldest hours of desolation Even in the great city there were few homes so shadowed by poverty and sorrow that they were not brightened by some indications of the hallowed time. The old mansion, that once may have been embowered in evergreens, was again filled with the aromatic breath of the forest, for Roger had commissioned a friend in the country to sen 1 so large a supply to Belle that she was embarrassed with riches of hemlock, laurel, and pine, which, although given away prodigally, left enough to transform their rooms iuto the aspect of bowers. Since they had not money for toys, they could make the Christmas-tide a time of wonder and delight to Fred and Minnie in this inexpensive way, and Mildred, who would naturally shrink from the wild mountain home of the evergreens bough, found in weaving* and irranging them into tasteful decorations i pleasure alloyed by only one thought — she was indebted for it to Roger Atwood, the silent jet determined rival of the man she loved. Though he buried his feeling in such profound silence, and hid all manifestation so carefully that even her intuition could not lay hold of any one thing, and 6ay, ' This proves it,' she nevertheless felt the presence of his love, and sometimes thought she felt it all the more because of its strong repression. It almost vexed her that he made no advances, and gave her nothing to resent, while all the time he was seeking her with the force of his will, or at least waiting for some possibility of the future. When Belle proposed that he should help decorate their living- room, since they, at th'iB season, had only the remnants of evenings to give, and were wearied, too, almost beyond the power of extra effort, she felt that for Belle's sake she ought not to object, and that for her own sake she could not, so scrupulous had been the quiet, distant respect with which he had treated her. When he came ho seemed to anticipate her thoughts and to obey her wishes in the arrangement of the greenerv', even before she spoke, io keen was his observation and quick his sympathy with her mind. These very facts increased her pre judice and dislike. He was too clever, too keen- sighted and appreciative. Had he been indifferent toward her, and not bo observant, she would have soon learned to like him and enjoy his society, for he had a bright, piquant way of talking, and was seldom at a loss for words. In fact, he had plenty of idea?, and was fast gain ing more. One reason why Mildred shrank irom him in strengthening re pulsion was because, in his absorbing interest and his quick comprehension of her thought and feeling, he came too near. Without intending it, and in spite of himself, he intruded on her woman's privacy ; for no matter how careful he might be, or how guarded she was in words or manner, she felt that he understood what was in her mind. Her natural impulse, therefore, was to ahun his presence and suppress her own individuality when she could not escape him, for only an answering affection on her part could make such understanding appreciation acceptable. Roger was not long in guessing; quite accurately how he stood in her thoughts, anil he was often much depressed. As he had said to Clara Bute, he had a downright dislike to conteud against, and this might not change with his suc cess. And now it was his misfortuuc to become associated in her uiind with another painful event— perhaps a fatal one. She might thank him sincerely for his kindness and the trouble he had taken in their behalf, but, all the same, deep in her heart, the old aversion would be strengthened. ' That invertebrate, Arnold,' he mut tered, ' represents to her the old, happy life; I, her present life, and it's my luck always to appear when things are at their worst After to-night she will shudder with apprehension whenever she sees me. What will become of them if Mr. Jocelyn dies !' Full of forbodings and distress at the shock and sorrow that was impending over those in whom he was so deeply interested, he and the physician placed Mr. Jocelyn in a covered express wagon that was improvised into an ambulance, and drove up town as rapidly as they dared. In response to a low knock Mrs. Jocelyn opened the door, and the white, troubled face ol Roger announced evil tidings before a word was spoken. ' My husband !' she gasped, sinking into a chair. The young man knelt before her and said, ' Mrs. Jocelyn, his life may depend on your courage and fortitude.' He had touched the right chord, and, after a momentary and half-convulsive sob, she rose quietly, and said, ' Tell me what to do— tell me the worst.' ' I have brought him with me, and I have a physician also. I found him on a steamer, by accident. They were about to send him to a hospital, but I was sure you would want him brought home.' ' Ob, 3res — God bless you — bring him, bring him quick.' ' Courage. Good nursiug1 will prevent the worst.' Roger hastened back to the patient, stopping on the way only lnng enough to ask Mrs. Wheaton to go to Mrs. Jocelyn's room instantly, and then, with the physician's aid, he carried the un conscious man to his room, and laid him on his bed. ' Oh, Martin ! Martin !' moaned the wife, ' how changed, how changed ! Oh, God ! he's dying.' ' I hope not, madam,' said the phy sician ; ' at any rate we must all keep our self-possession and do our best. While there is life there is hope.' With dilated eyes, and almost fierce repression of all aid from others hands, she took the clothing from the limp and wasted form. ' He is dying,' she moaned ; ' see how unnatural his eyes are ; the pupils are almost gone. Ob, God ! why did I let him go from me when he was so ill !' ' Would you not like Belle and Miss Mildred summoned at once V Roger asked. ' Yes, yes, they ought to he here now ; every moment may be precious, and he may become conscious.' ' At the same time I would like you to call on Dr. Benton in Twenty-third Street,' added the physician. ' He is a friend of mine, and has had much experi ence. In so serious a case I would like to consult him.' Roger, while on his way to Dr. Benton's office, passed a livery- stable with a coach standing just within the door, and he at once resolved that the weary girls should not be exhausted by flying home in terror-stricken hasie. He took the carriage, obtained the physician, and explained to him what, had happened while ou the way to the shop in which Belle was employed. It was Christmas-eve, and the store was still crowded with eleventh-hour pur chasers, on whom the tveary child was waiting in a jaded, mechanical way. Her vacant look and the dark lines under her eyes proved how exhausted she was but at the sight of Roger a flash of light and pleasure came into her face, and then his expression caused it to fade into extreme pallor, ' What is it ?' she asked, turning from a garrulous customer. ' Don't be alarmed ; get your things and come with inc. I will make it all right with your employer.' ' Belle,' he said, when they were by the carriagedTOi'^'^voiunust be a.Jiwpa, woman to-night. Your father is home, and he is very ill. Perhaps his life depends on quiet and freedom from all excitement. Dr. Bentou, an experienced physician, is in the carriage, and will go with us. Yoa must tell your sister — I cannot.' If Belle had been herself she would not have failed him ; but, afler the long strain of the day, she became completely unnerved at his tidings, and sobbed almost hysterically. She could not con trol herself sufficiently to enter the shop where Mildred stood, unconscious of the approaching shadow, and so the heavy task of breaking the news fell upon Roger. ' If Belle, naturally so strong, was white and faint from the long, toil some day, how wan and ghost-like poor Mildred will appear !' was his thought as he sprang to the sidewalk. They were closing up, and the dis cipline, of the shop was over. Instead of pallor' there was an angry crimson in Mildred's cheeks, and an indignant fire in her e3res. She evidently was deeply incensed, and her companions apparently were as greatly amused. When sho saw Roger the crimson deepened in her face, her brow knitted in strong vexation, and she went on with her task of putting the goods under her charge in order, as if she had not seen him ; but the thought flashod through her mind : ' Oh that he were to me what he is to Belle ! Then he might punish my insolent persecutor, but he's the laBt one in the world to whom I can appeal. Oh, where is papa V ' Miss Jocelyn — 'Don't you see you have another beau ?' whispered oue of her companion! as she passed out. ' You won't treat this one with words and manner that are the Bame as a Blap in the face, for ho's too good-looking.' She paid no heed to the gibe, for tKo young man's tone was significant, and she lifted her eyes to his with eager questioning. His grave, sad face banished the flush from her instantly. ' Miss Jocelyn,' Roger began again, in a low tone, ' you hare already learned to associate me with painful experiences. I cannot help it. But, this, my mis fortune, is nothing ; you must nerve yourself for anxiety that will test even your strength. Your father is home, and ill. I will not explain further be fore strangers. Belle and a physician are awaiting you in the carriage.' How quiet and measured were his words ; but even in her distress she was painfully conscious that the slight tremor in his voice was the low vibration of a feeling whose repressed intensity would sooner or later break forth. Beyond a momentary shrinking; from what seemed to her but well- mastered vehemence, she gave him no thought in her overwhelming, solicitude. Scarcely a moment elapsed before she joined him at the door. As he placed her in the carriage he said, 'Dr. Benton will explain to you what has happened.' 'Roger — ' sobbed Belle, but he sprang on the box with the driver, and in o few moments they were at the door of the old mansion. 1 Dr. Benton,' said the young man, ' will you please accompany Miss Jocelyn? After the fatigue of the day and the shock of this evening she will need your support,' and he saw that sho leaned heavily on the physician's arm. Having dismissed the carriage, he found Belle leaning against the side of the house, faint and trembling. The young athlete lifted her in his arms and bore her steadily and easily to the door way, and then again up the winding stairway. ' Belle,' he whispered, ' if you lose your father you shall at least have a brother.' She entwined her arm about his neck in mute acceptance of her relationship. Her every breath was a low sob, and she could not then tell him how his words re- assurod her, taking1 away, in part, the almost overwhelming terror of bt-ing left unprotected in the world. During Mr. Jocelyn's absence liis family had tried to banish from their minds the memory of his weakness, and thus they had come to think of him again had known all their liyes.*Iho months preceding his departure were like a hate ful dream. It had been a dearly cherished hope that, after breathing his native air for a few weeks, he would return the same frank, cleared-eyed, clear brained man that had won his way, even among Btranger3, after the wreck and ruin of the war. To him their thoughts bad turned daily, in the hope of release frotn toil that was often tortnre, and from anxieties that filled every waking hour with foreboding. How bitter the disappointment then, and how terrible the shock, as they now looked upon his prostrate form, meagre, shrunken, and almost lifeless ! Instead of the full, dark eyes that had beamed mirthfully and lovingly for so many years, there was an unnatural contraction of the pupils which rendered them almost invisible. His once healthful complexion was now livid, or rather of a leaden, bluoish hue ; his respirations stertorous and singularly deliberate. 1 He is dying,' Mildred moaned ; ' he is far away from us, even now. Oh, if we could have but one look, one sign of farewell !' Belle and Mrs. Jocelyn became almost helpless with grief, for it did not seem possible to them that lie could rally. ' Oh, why did I let him go — why did I let him go !' was the wife's remorseful and often-repeated words. The elderly and experienced physician whom Roger had Drought ignored with professional indifference thegrief-Btricken household, and was giving his whole mind to the study of the case. After examing the pupils of Mr. Jocelyn's eyes, talcing his temperature and counting his pulse, he looked at his associate and shook his head significantly, linger, who stood in Ibe background, saw that Dr. Bentou did not accept the young physician's diagnosis. A moment later Dr. Benton bared the patient's arm and pointed to many small scars, some old and scarcely visible, and others recent and slight ly inflamed. The youngr practitioner then apparently understood nim, for he said, * 'lhis is both worse and better than I feared.' ' Worse, worse,1 growled Dr. Benton. 'What do you mean?' asked Mrs. Jocelyn, more dead than alive. ' Madam,' began Dr. Benton very gravely, 'have you never seen your husband using a little instrument like this V and ho produced from his pocket a hypodermic syringe. 1 Never,' was the perplexed and troubled reply. ? , .,, ' The physician smiled a little satirically and remarked, in a low aside, ' I hopo the drug has not affected the whole family. It's next to impossible to get at the truth in these cases.' 'Do you think he will die?' was her agonized query. ' No, madam, we can soon bring him around, I think, and indeed ho would probably have come out of this excess unaided ; but he had better die than continue his excessive use of morphia. I can scarcely conceive how you could have romained ignorant of the habit.' | To be continued.! 