The Novelist, The Lady of Loch Anim's Towers. BY CHARMS T. MANNERS : AUTHOR OF " THE FLAW IN THE DIAMOND/' "A SILVER BRAND/' « THE LORD OF LYLE/' ETO. CHAPTER VIII. (CONTINUED). , Grimes ?waited respectfully for hun to come out of -what -was evidently a pleasing reverie;^ and then said: - "Perhaps you will like to look over the orders, and there are the books -, though I have drawn np a statement ready to send to you, which will save you time if you're going up to Glasgow." " Yes ; I have business in Glasgow-plenty of it. Give me the statement. I'll look it over in the train. But the orders I'll see to now. There may be something needed which will come up to mo when I am back again." "You are going back to the Highlands?", and Grimes' voice had evident surprise in it. *'* j " YOB, I am going back. Certainly, I am going i back, and for an indefinite time. But I shall wprk steadily on my designs. You shall not be retarded in any way for lack there," was the firm reply. " Yes, give mo the letters to look over." And taking the pile handed to him, he sat down to them, pulling out his note- book and making memoranda now and then as he read: "They do seem in a hurry-these Liverpool people. I say, Grimes, perhaps the other foun ries will make some castings for us. You'd bettor see what arrangements you can make. It is a pity we coxddn't enlarge." And he sighed impatiently. '. WA flmild cre.h a. Ifm/n AÎI.BÎIV rmirncrTi " horrnn Grimes, eagerly. < ." No, no; no more cursed debts until-" ,He Btopped abruptly. " Well, -well, Grimes, after all, we're on tho safo side, with more business than we can do. Let's smother our ambition, for this once. I shall come in again on my return from GlaBgow. I hope I shall not need to go down to Loudon, but it is barely possible. I'll write you if I do, and I'll look in on those people and see what they will offer in case we enlarge that cast- ing. Now I must be off." '. ' . " Without looking into tho foundry !" . ".Oh, I ran through it before coining in hore. ;»... That is one blessing for me, I have got a foreman 0<: there/and and a man here whom 1 can trust im :>:.i illicitly-thanks to you for both, Grimes. Let tis hope the time will soon como when your ambition may be gratified, and wo can have a place we're not ashamed of, anywhere, with as much room and as many furnaces as our business may, require. But at present it is safer as we are. Good-day, Grimes." He pocketed tho papei*3 of the business state- ment, and thrust one or two of the letters into his pocket-book, and, seizing his hat, darted off. Grimés looked after him, proudly. 1 . - ,* , '. fíHów blind-eyed those Glasgow people can be ! Now ho passes for an idle, ne'er-dorwell artist up there, And don't I know there isn't a business mah in Greenock, or Glasgow either, is his equal for wit; and -work, both ? 'Work,-indeed ! Me's \ neyer.idle.r; I don't believe there's another young ¿úútf'in"'--aU>the United Kingdom is his equal for work. But I am powerfully sorry we can't have mnrn furn norna J> Meantime Kincaird was being whirled on, to Glasgow. His letters and foundry papers occu- pied him until his arrival there. Once ,out,of< the.; railway carriage, he ?walked briskly off, threaded; his way swiftly till he carno to a short court leading, froth Sauciehall-streot, when ho passed.into ir,' and;: ringing tho bell of a tall, - dingy- housèiîhei inquired of tho slatternly house-maid, ¿who an-1 swered the summons : ,:/v: :;,^-:-^ . " Does Mr. Rothesay stay with you now ?" ! " Indeed, sir, yea-he keeps a rooih! here/' shej answered, hesitatingly. .-~ p-r. d-^-r . . . j And is not very often in it,"especially toward! . night-is that it ?" continued Kincaird. , : I The maid nodded, and rubbed a ¡grimy hand! across her mouth to hide a sickly smile.i ,. .".Well, I have business with him.; I'want'-to' seo^hirn immediately. Can you tell nie where I; should be likely to find him ?" . . " , ; ,o She Bhook her head dubiously. « : , " A- little later an' you'll be ? sure to find him :. over at the ' Stirrup Cup.' -But just.;now--well; I'm sure I bean't able to tell." 1 < , Kincaird stood a moment, gnawing impatiently at his under lip. , ' " >"",''' ' ¡ " What time was he here last j did . he have ¿? breakfast?" , ? .' u ' « -"Oh, no, he don't oftens.breakfast here, .sir,1 ' leastwise, I don't think ho he cares for- breakfasts anywhere." ' ' * " ' " No; I suppose not," frowning still more sternly. " HePtakes his breakfast out in drams. "Wretched boy, he is not improved, I see. But see here, my ¡girl, I must seo the fellow,, and before he spends -much time at the Stirrup Cup. Couldn't you get leave, and go and look for : him, and bring him here to me ?" He held a broad silver coin toward her as he spoke. 1 - Her ¿yestwinkled, and she curtsied.. 'f-Tm^ sure the gentleman's very g"Ood. I'll ask' the'missis." . . . '.?'?'! ".. And leaving,him there on the, threshold she , skurried¡downadiin^fi^ghï^ôf^stâirsy'.'ahd.iwaB heard parleying, with a shrill voice, which seemed to rule those unknown depths. ' - She came: back, pulling on a faded worsted hood, though it was midsummer. : ^ = " l bs'lo wed 20 minutes, sir. Rothesay's room is at the top of the top stairs. I'll - be. bringing him up if soever I can find him. An' I knows a . chap as will help rae." She waved her toil-hardeñed hand at bini in a sort of moak adieu, and vanished. i Kincaird clambered up the long, dark stairs; and found the barren, forlorn room, whose chief furnishing seemed to be made up of a dirty-bed, n rickety tablo with- half-a-dozen bottles .on' it> and ono dingy tumbler near them. He looked up at a shelf'., which held only a few soiled -writing materials, and two broken' clay pipes. " Books all pawned in this short time," he mut- tered, angrily ; " the books he promised to study and profit by, the graceless wretch." There were two chairs by the bcds'de, but Kincaird did not sit down. He stood bolt up- right in the middle of the room, with nostrils dilated, and lips curved, disdainfully. It seemed to him that contact with anything in that room would be contaminating. All the fine scorn which his thoughts had worked up was in his voice, ?when he turned to greet the shambling step that 1 caine up the stairs something less than half aa hour afterward. "You miserable driveler! is this the end of your solemn promise to me ! You need not say a -word. I can read the whole story in this demora- lised room, which I left you neat, and tidy, and comfortable." A young man, with pale face, and heavy eyes, and bloated cheeks, crept by him, and dropped .into the nearest chair. His knees wore shaking, 'his hands trembling. ? Well, now, Kon, my boy, don't be too rough Joh mo," he whimpered, " you'll bo sorry afterward. . .I've been sick." ; " Sick ! Drunk, you mean. And drunt nearly alltho time, judging by your looks. R,othesay,ybu will make mo lose ail patience with you." . ; ."Make you ! didn't you begin that "way, before you had a sight of mo ? Come, come, Ken, I serve your turn all the better for it. Don't be so hard on me, when it's all the better for you. . I saw old Adam watching me the other day, and chuckling." '. "But, do I want you to go to the dogs in this way ? I tell you, Rothesay, you can do better if you have a mind. : It is fearful to throw yourself away in this fashion. Án idle ne'er-do-well was bad enough, but a perfect sot, a wreck such as you, will shortly be beyond the power of. any help. I can't reconcile it to . my conscience to allow you another farthing. I had better let you starve; by Heaven, I had, if only for your soul's sake." "No doubt about that, Ken. If you'll agree.to mako'short shrift of it, I'm willing. ;There isn't mitch good in my living , now, I can tell you, if you knew how doadly faint. I fool this minute.": .He put tip his shaking.hand> arid wiped a few maudlin'tears . ? - ' - | . Kenneth Kincaird stared at. kim in angry per- . plexity. ' ' , "I don't know what to clo wi cn yon/' nesaia; slowly nnd gravely. 1'vo" had in any knotty pro- blems already in this life of .' mino, which has net had much real youth in it, for all its few years ; I have' always faced stern truth; but I was never quite,, so puzzled as by you. Good heavens ! mau, am' I to have you staring out upon me like an ac- cusing ghost, and spoiling all my joy, supposing that I do attain my ends and gain the goal? Could I sit quietly in my own happiness, knowing that your pitiful lifo had gone to wreck ? I say I will not have you ruined. I will save you in spite of your miserable self." 1" Oh, pooh, pooh, Ken, don't bother your head ] about nie, unless-you might.get a glass of whisky ( -j ust one glass, you kno w, to set mo up and stiffln ^ up these limp nerves. That would be real kind- < ness, and serve your own cause, too, for I have j news to tell you/' coaxed the poor wretch. ; ,?>?::? < " A cup of good coffee, strong eoffee, that might do something. I'll seo ; if there's any one here can got it for you." ' j ? " r.nf. l»m nn TU ftryA ATO"ATT » 1 ? "S^ßlüiritoüTyouT I'll,go, myself. Yoii'll bo "getting moro poison !" commanded Kincaird; and .went, off down stairs, until ho\ found, some one who pointed out the _ way to such-kitchen ' ás there was. '* ' ' He came back with a bowl of black coffee; and found the young man. crying, his poor; bleared eyes really streaming with genuine tears.'; 1' ; " You're much too good to a poor devil ¡ who don't know how to be good himself, Ken, , You're the only friend I've got,in the wide world. . <But there's rio good-in your trying to keep it iip.YLet me go, Ken-let mo Blip." . r . i '. " But I won|t, I say !'.' declared Kincaird. " Did you eyer know me to give anything tip that I set my-heart upon ? I'll see you a tuan yet, in spite of; yourself and this accursed whisky. Come, drink this coffee. There, isn't that more heartening I than that vile stuff with which you poison your whole system? You're beginning to look better already. Drink it all." He waited a few minutes and watched the color come back to the sick, pallid face, and tho limp figuro straighten into, a semblance of strength. < >" Now then," ho said at length, " you'll tell me what you have to communicate about my own; affair. You have kept your faith with me there, I hope." . - " I have ! Indeed I have, Ken. I should be a dog, indeed, if I didn't. Upon my soul, if it was your ruin the drink accomplished I believe I should manage to put it away. 1 do believe that I should manage somehow. But when it's - only me, a poor, motherless vagabond, with a curse coming straight down upon me. Tush ! .what's the use of talking it over? Come, now, let us to business. I believe there's new mischief brewing, or else he's'made up his mind to strike the blow sooner. Aro you ready for him?" " No, Rothesay, I'm not quite ready. But tell me why you think so ?" : > : They talked together something like an- hour i:longer. . Every added moment of Kincaird's stay i seemed to add new vigor and strength to tho poor unfortunate, and when they parted he said, with dreary pathos : " : ; ; v¡ ' .. ,' " If I only had you by me always. Ken, I could, manage to be decent. l am Büro I could." "You have got to be decent. I'll hire some honest fellow to bs a gaoler to you, and watch you day and night, but what I'll have you saved from I this evil way of yours. See,-I am going to lock I you in here till I find Borne one to come and seo to you. I'll bo back as soon as possible. But Ii , must get down to Josselyn's oifi.ee. Go to bed, I Land take a sound sleep.' It will do better for you j than any medicine. ; And I'll- Come back as soon ! a? I can." , . '-,¿:v ¡ ; He suited the action^to, his words, locked tho door, and took the key down stairs, where he left it, with directions that more coffee and some food should be carried up to his prisoner, but that he should be kept in the house until his return. 