CHAPTER XLV. Wanda was buttoning her long gloves, standing in front of the mirror in ner dress ing-room. It was a pretty little room, luxuriously fitted—an admirable place to dress in, for its colours were dark and rich, and showed off Wanda's fair beauty. Her J dress was a triumph of a great French mil liner ; the white silk petticoat fell in heavy plaits from her waist, and innumerable yards of Indian muslin clouded, while it revealed, her figure. Even artists, who/as a rule, object to the forms of French dressmaking, were enthusiastic about the grace of this costume. Its outline was delicious; its draping perfect. Wanda looked admirably lovely in it, and the consciousness fof this gave ner an addi tional grace ofj coquetry. A young girl looks best when she is unconscious of ner beauty; but such a woman as Wanda is more brilliant whenshe knows thather appearance is perfect. To-night there was a flush on her cheeks beneath the rouge; it was the flush of triumph; a colour as natural and healthfal to those who have earned it as the roses brought by the west wind into the face of a country beauty. Wanda had received a sort of ovation after the last act; her maid had to be summoned to carry the bonqucta which were thrown her, to her dressing-room. The table was laden with them; the air of the room was rich with the scent of flowers. As Wanda fastened the last button of her glove she turned to her maid— " Give me that bouquet of pointsettia," she said ; "the scarlet will look brilliant with this white dress. I shall carry it instead of the flowers I brought with me.'' Niko had just entered the room and was sitting on the couch behind her. "■you cannot do that," he said ; "it would be too marked a compliment to the person who threw it." " Cannot I f" said Wanda very deliberately. She was still looking at herself in the glass, but she could see the reflection of Niko's figure behind her, and caught the fierce gleam from his eyes. Her own flashed bril liantly. "I do not know who threw it. Look inside, it, " she said to her maid ; " perhaps there is a card or a note." She said jt on the merest chance, simply to Srovoke Niko. While the maid opened the owers and looked among them Wanda con tinued to touch her dresB here and there, and then remarked ?s ehe did so— " This costume is certainly a success. It is worth the hundred guineas it cost. I must order another soon, for it will quickly soil. I shall wear it to the supper to-night," she added, turning from the mirror, " ana carry the pointsettias. I suppose I can do so there?" " You will go then ?" said Niko. " Yes; I feel inclined to she answered. " Then I will go home and dress," he said. Wanda had become very capricious in her moods. She madea host of engagements which she never kept. She would not decide until the last moment whether she intended to go out or no; and Niko had to be ready to fall in with her whim of the moment. He did not complain of this. He was always agree able and was much liked in society; but he seemed indifferent to it. When Wanda chose to go, he was ready to accompany her. just as he spoke the maid gave a little exclamation and drew out from the bouquet a tiny case. Wanda nttered a cry of delight, and snatching it from her, opened it; within it lav a lovely diamond hoop-ring. "I have a lover!" cried Wanda, clapping her hand as if in childish delight. " Oh, who can it be? I muBt find out! This is de lightful. What a beautiful ring!" She held it up to admire it at the light, when sud denly as shedid so, it was struck out of her hand and rolled upon the floor. She remained motionless, her hand stilly raised, her eyes \--- ^ fixed upon Niko's lace. He stood before transformed by rage. He looked as if in another instant he would strangle her; it seemed as if he did not do so simply because his rage overmastered him and made him powerless. The maid shrank away alarmed; she crept round ready to run to the door and call for help; for she expected each instant that Niko would attack nis wife. The moment's horrible silence was broken by a knock at the door. "Mademoiselle Milovitch, the stage waits." Wanda, without taking her eyeB from Niko's, dropped her hand on the dresBing table and took up the bouquet of white flowers which she had brought with her to the theatre to carry in this act Then, still without relaxing her gaze, she moved past Niko and wentoutat the door. It was asit she had controlled the rage of a wild animal by that steadv gaze. When she disappeared Niko fell back upon the coach as if he had been knocked down. He had but one idea in his mind; the crisis had come. He could no longer keep his fierce jealousy silent. The maid looked at his face and then picked up a handkerchief as an excuse to follow her mistreas to the wings. She was afraid to be alone in the room with Niko. She was so hasty that she overtook Wanda at the wings. "Tell Monsieur Ghyka, when you go up again" said Wanda, " that I shall be ready to go to supper as soon as the curtain is dropped." The maid lingered as long as she dared, watching Wanda from were she stood in the wings. Then she went slowly upstairs to the dreBsing-room. Niko was still sitting in the same attitude. She stood in the open door way and gave Wanda's message. " 1 will go and dress," said Niko, speaking as if he hardly understood his own words. But he rose and gloomily went out of the room and downstairs. He had to cross the stage behind the scenes in order to reach the stage-door: as he did so he caught a glimpse of Wanda's brilliant, graceful figure on the stage. He muttered some words which must have besn a curse by the look ou his face as he said them. Meanwhile the maid was busy searching the floor of the room for the diamond hoop. When Wanda returned to her dressing room, followed by the sound of thunderous applause, the ring was lying on the dressing table. " Was there no card in the bouquet ?" she said to her maid. "\es, madame," she replied, "I have found it since. It is here." Wanda took it up and read the name. As she did so the flush on her cheeks grew a shade deeper and her eyes glowed. It was a great name. A sense of triumph made her heart beat faster. She put the ring quietly down upon the dressing table. " Put it back in its case," she said, " make it into a parcel, and address it to the name on the card. Do it now, and I will send it back to-night. Give me a handkerchief to take off my make-up." With great care Wanda wiped off the rouge and powder and creme de l'Imperatrice which three hours ago she had so artistically laid upon her face. She left no trace of it save toe least darkening of her eyelashes. Her cheeks had a colour of their own to night ; triumph made them flush; while the anger in her heart against .Niko for his ready jealousy made her eyes glitter and gleam like those of some enraged animal. She had never looked more lovely, perhaps never so fascinating. By the time she was ready the little parcel was made up. Wacda took it in her hand and went downstairs. At the door of the greenroom she hesitated a moment and looked around her. Presently she saw some one who would Buit her purpose. It was the prompter; a cheerful little man _ who wor shipped all leading ladies on principle and adored a "star" actress as a creature from another planet. " You could dome such a favour, she said, , with her most delicious smile. " Would it be possible to yon to leave this at the house in Fifth-avenue ? I cannot go myself and I do not want to send one of my servants. It is very near, I believe." She had resolved on this mode of sending, for she had observed her maid glance covetously at the magnificent ring. "With the preatcst pleasure, madame. I pass close by there. And you know I would CO a very long way to do anything you wanted." "A thousand thanks, said Wanda, graciously. She had long ago found out that it was worth while to be kind to thoBe beneath her. The consequence was that she was adored at the different theatres she visited. Few leading ladies take the trouble to be polite to the servants of the theatre, . and Wanda's kindliness seemed the greater by contrast. She went across the now dismantled stage, well satisfied with what she had done. She knew that the little prompter was the bouI of honour, and would execute her commission immediately. She knew also that he would be a more trustworthy witness than her maid, did she want any evidence that the ring had been returned. At the stage-door her brougham was wait ing for her. When she entered it she found Niko was there, sitting dark and gloomy in the comer. As they drove away they passed the front of the theatre ; the brilliant light streamed into the carriage and showed the bouquet of pointBettias in Wanda's hand. Niko snatched it from her and flung it through the window of the carriage into the >mud of the street. Wanda leaned back with an air of complete indifference. " You are very polite," she said. " Where is the ring? he asked. •' 1 have not got it," she said; and then -added very quietly, '* I have retnmed it." " I donot believe you 1" burst fromNiko ;and then he silenced bimself with an effort. He was in a condition when for her to assert a thing was enough reason for him to disbelieve it. But he realized that he was almost mad. He tried to keep himself in check till he was cooler, but aB they passed beneath a strong light he saw a smile on Wanda's lips which made him unable to keep his words hack. _ ''If you are deceiving me—if you have that ring upon your hand—I will kill you !" Wanda made no answer. She sat still and silent and the smile died away on her lips. She felt that her existence was becoming unendurable. Such a condition of things -could not continue. There was the thought in both minds, as they sat silent, that it was impossible any longer to maintain the mockery of happiness in their life together. Both resolved than an end must be put to the wretched existence they were leading. It was a terrible feeling; and Wanda was -pale when she stepped out of the carriage. Her scarlet flowers had gone, the rouge from her cheekE, the flush of triumph had alike gone. She looked like the ghost of the brilliant creature who had electrified a crowded audience a Bhort time ago. 