< Sftetcfoer* Spring-IIcclcd .lacli. (From All Tlw Year Round.): is!&IX;'.|s now nearly halt a century since the in habitant of Lonlcn and its suburbs wore feopt ?i in a constant state o£ terror by a man, who, ssihndtr- various disguises, would suddenly ap- pear boioro iho unsuspecting pedestrian, ana, Bttor hr.vinn nearly Irigh'tened the traveller out of his or her ecuses, -would as uuddenly disappear with terrible bounds, leaving the '"mprc??ion upon hie affrighted victim that his Satanic Majesty had condescended to pay him a visit in yon on. Evening wnn the time gena . rally chosen by ihis eccentric character for hia exoloii.e, nnVi, doubtk-HB, there aro many living who cau rc-solli!ottbi>ps.np of fear which shot through their hearts when, looping from Borne dark corner, out of a door- way, or over a hedge, he Ktood before you. Who Ihia singular being was, or what wbh the truo object of his escapade, can only bo ? left to conjeatnre, as he was never captured ; ceitaiii it is,'that robbery waa not tho motive, 'for ha v?as never ltnov/n to take a iiiuglo coin from bis victims, even when fright hnd ron dured them an easy prey, nor did he often practice any other "degree of cruelty beyond Bearing them, which, however, wan quite auili cient, aa in Home instances tho suft'eters never thoroughly recovered tho shook to tUeir nc-rves. Tho only surmise an to his identity that won ever hassnrtlcd, wan that he woe the Mar quis of Watcifojd—then fnmous nu.'n riaf leiider in all that uavoured nf fun mid frolic — but not a ehatiow ot proof could bo over ad duced in Eupporfc at thin theory. The'raorc general bel:t£ rppcara to luvve been that thoro wcie Eovorr.l persons concerned in tlio a&iir; ; that llioy worn memberd ol high famillca, and ihal tiio cause of their pranlis wan a bi:t of three thouEt'.nd pouails Hint they would pro cure tho death of not Josa tlian thirty human beings, apportioning them with nico dersrjmi nation as follows :—Eicht old bachelors ten old maids, and six la'Jy'rf maids, and aa many eervant-girli as they could, trusting that by depriving them of thtir 'cajon they would ac oelerato their deaths. This is, of course, in credible, but the chief ckrk of the Mansion House police-kourt, in a ktter to the newe papert,, E.oid it was to reported to a cominittoc , that vms formed by the Lord Mayor for the purpose of tracking and prosecuting t-bo scoundrels. It is diftioult to assign tho exact locality which gave birth to this extraordinary freak, either side of tho Thamcu claiming the dis tinction ; some averring that it was at llam meramith, others ihat it wan Barnes. The lnoet tnifitworthy accounts give- the palm to the latter vilkfrt). It was in tho luttar end nf 18:17, at Bnrnes, thai tho ghoi't made i(s first' apptaraueo in : iho obupe'of a largo wJiitobull, attacking eove val persons, more particularly wtunen, many of whom Bufiiirecl jnost severely from the \--'fth;ht. At Eadt Sheen, in the form of a white "bn.-ir, tiio allege' l -lipivitcnaird on similar pr.m , li, 1 )!;;. 3tfa.' , '" a * m 'P" t h?n extended his opera cn^4(v-fjj^-#w-T--rcnov.,n!.,() for " mr.ida of honour," f" the couriJa of ri few av-ya all ? Hichroond ot jiphast at tho thlcs of. women bcin't; frightened to death and of children bo jiij; torn io I'iictn by him. Tho tuarch aftur the unearthly vipitnnt wnp lure becoming tnci worm Tor him, and he Ebiited the tivene of bin labours to Ham, Kingston, and Hampton, at which latter placo he was aeon, clad in armour of brass, with spring shoos, and largo olaw like glovoe, but being hotly pursued ho saaled the walla of Bushby Park and vanishod. Tod dington, Twickenham, and Hounslow, all had Btorios to toll of hia appenranuo, and in Sion .Park, the scatoftheDukeof Northumbeiland, many and fearful were tho iujuries said to i have boon inflicted by him. At Isleworth a ; carpontor was seized at eleven o'clock at night, and most unmercifully beaten by the ghost, who v, an attired in poiiahed etcel armour, with i red shoes, etc. It must bo noted what an ex ceedingly varied wardrobe thia spritn mast i hftvu had, rendering it very iliflioult, one I would think, for hint to move, with such extensive properties, with alacrity from place i to place. I Thj neighbourhood of Uxbridge wis tho i next seeno of his pranks, and ho approached I tho metropolis through linnwell, Brentford, 1 and Ealing, in which last placo ho wan aeen 1 in steel armour, striking torror into tho in mates of tho various school* located thore, t and frightening tho blacksmith of tho village | so completely as to fores him to keep his bod t in eonsequetiea of tho shock ho sustained. I A- U:\nimwsmitli bo found a determined op- f poucut in tho shape of a luundrevs, to whom t iio appeared in the form of an immense 1 baboon, six feet high, with enormous eyes, c and arms of an exteusivo length ; and in strict t keeping with his auhnal ho 1 grunted like an hyeha. Tliio courageous \ woman, niter an ineffectual attempt to avoid j hor uncanny visitor, determined to givo him 1 battle, and flew at him with suoh fury that c he was glad jo give 'Up tho contest. Even, i tbo royal precincts of Kensington Palace f did not oscapo from hia visits, children bav- j ini; seen tho unearthly being dancing by ( moonlight on the Palace Green, and-over and i anon scaling the walla ol tho royal forcing- < houses, | In conscquenoc of tho panio attending tlieso ( exaggerated stories, tho police had ftriot orders to investigate their truth, but were nn- | able, in tho majority of conns, to traco any < person who had really seen tho apparition. | That there, was mischief afoot, however, was i clearly shown by tho applications ?t tkeMan-' < sion Houso and other ( tion. i At Peckhnm ho cnusod the greatest alarm | (judging by a letter to the Lord Mayor, i from a resident there), appearing in a new < charr.ater, t>s a spectre, and scaring out of ( her senses, amongst others, an. unfortunate ; servant girl who opened a door to himand* i tho writer also said that seven ladies had been , rcduecd to tbo sa:no unhappy ; 'state [through i fright at tho awful apparition. Lotters poured into fho Mansion House from all ( parts of London, showing how universal was 1 tho terror whioh had boon inspired by this , mnoijuornding miscreant. Several persons, most especially women, were injured bodily in many instances by the claws with which he appears to ihavo armed his hands, and if oue writer may bo boiloved, several deaths on tho south side of London had beon caused by | tho shook his appcarance had given. A letter from St. John'a Wood stated that for n whole fortnight that neighbourhood had boen favoured with Spring-heeled Jack's attentions; ho sometimes appearing as a bear, and some times clad in mail. This correspondent?, asserted that tho bet, which was supposed to bo tho cause of those pranks, was that tho mon?ter should kill six women in soino given timo. - TMt hia flppearanco was calculated to up set oven tho stoutest- hearted must bo ad mitted, for tho Lord Mayor himself, though mUch iuclincd to bo scoptical, acknowledged that ho had been given to understand, on un doubted authority, that in the vicinity ol Forest Hill, where he resided, ono of tho female servants of a gentleman who lived near his houne had been terrified into fits by tho sudden appearance of a figure olad in a boar's skin, which, upon being drawn aside, oxhibited the human body, with long horns emblematical of Satnn himself—-ciad in a suit of mail. Tho ?' ghost " did not disdain to avail him- Eelf of material moaca of conveyance occa sionally, r.s is shown by a letter to tho J/nrnhuj Herald, January 10th, 18,18, from " A Kesident on l'addington Green," who stated that ho had seen, close to his house, a figure clad in wbito, closely pursued by two men, and, after a smart chase, mattar-of fact apparition jumped into ? cabriolet, and was driven out of tho reach of his would-ba captors. A committee wa3 formed at tho Mansion House in January, for tho purposo of [receiving subscriptions, and to decide upon ?the best means of capturing this uneasy spirit, and of visiting it with tho punishment whitfh :it so rkihly deserved. > In sending a donation of five pounds to the fund, a gentleman residing at Dulwich wrote that his daughter was lying in jal vory dangerous state, having bean nearly deprived of her senses by tho Huddeu 'appearance of a figure enveloped in a white sheet and blue fire, which had met her on hor return homo from a friend's house ; others equally testified to injuries received at tho :hauda ot the hobgoblin. A roward of ton pounds was offered for the apprehonsion of tho heartless scoundrel, but unhappily it com pletely failed in its object, and tho perpetra tor o£ thi3 ghastly " joke " continuod to bo at large. Thinking, perhaps, tbv.t ho hnd done as much harm ub he desired in tho other parts of London, for r. wliolo month Spring-heeled Jack devoted himself to disturbing the poaco of mind of tho dwollers in the Kaet End of the metropolis, tho neighborhood of Bow being particularly patronised by him. Ono gross outrage earno beforo the polioe-mogi- Htrato at Lambeth-street, r.nd caused con siderable attention. A young lady, named Alsop, living with her parents in tho vicinity of Bow, stated that at about a quarter to nino o'clock on tho evening of February 21,18H8, elio heard h violent ringing at tho front gate of tho house, and on going to tho door to sec what was the cause, she taw a man standing outside, of whom bho enquired what was tho matter. The peiuon instantly replied that ho was n policoman, and tsaid; " For God's sako bring mo a light, for wo have caught Bpring-heelcd Jack here in tho lane." She returned into the house, and brought a candlo and handed it to the man, who was enveloped in a largo clock. Tho instant she bad done so, however, ho threw off hia outer garment, and applying tho lighted omdlo to hia breast, presented a mott hideous and frightful appearand, and vomited /'orth a quantity of bluo and white Jlimie from his moulh, his oyofl re?ombling red hulls of fire. From. the hasty franco which her fright enabled her to i;et at his person, 6ho observed .that ho wore a Inrjjo hol uiut, and hiu dre?H, which appoared to fit him vory tight, seemed to her to resemble white oilnkin. Without uttering a sentence bo dartod at her, and catching her partly by her dr<3K3, and the baok part ot her neck, placed her head under oiio of hie arms, and oom jnenced tearing her clothea with bio claws, which she win certain were made ol some metr-llio substance. Sho screamed out. as loud ac Bho could for aesiatanoo, and by considerable exertion got away from hip, and ran towards tho hou?O to get in. Her assailant, however, followed, and caught her on tho doorstep, when ho again used con siderable violenco, torn her neck and asms with his claws, as well as a quantity of hair from her head; but eho was at length rescued from him by ono of her sisters. Her story wan fully corroborated by her parents and sisters, mid her injuries, which wero very con eldcrnble, bore unuiititakablelteatimony to tho truth of tho r.gpuult. Subsequently in Bow Fair Fiuldn Jaok nar rowly oeuaped capture by worno workmen, and it v.t.s only by his cstremo agility, and iiiti niato knowledge ot tho locality that he pot clear off. Two men wero arrested bh being concerned in this affair—ono n inantcr brie'tlayer, aud t)io other a cnrpent<r; but r.ficr v very loiih' and Kearching invcstit;i:tion i'.t Liimbeth-strect police-court,' thoy woro dia ehai'i-icl, as tliny wcro not fully identified as l>! in;; il,a ucluiil ijeriiclrntors, though it was certain they know aotuething moio aboutgtho uiaUer th:a they chose to acknowledge. Another sample of the ghost's playful wnyo in the East "End of. London, was shown by r, [ statement mhjo bnforo tho magistrate at Lambeth-street polifie- eourfc, March H, I.S.'IH, by a Miss Scales,'who deposed that aa ulio anil her sister woro walkiiiK in Liuiehousu' about half-past fight in I ho evening, on ooming to Green Dragon Alloy Mioy observed Romo parson standing in an anglo in tho pas sage. Sha was in advance of her sister at tho tinm, and ju?t a<t she flame up to tho person, who was sn vela pod in a largo olouk, he spirted a quantity of b/tto llamo right in licr faco, which deprived hor ol lirt sight, find so alarmofl her, that she instantly dropped to tho ground and was seized with violent tits, which continued for several hours. This in. dividual was described as tall, thin, and of gontlemanly uppearanoe, and oarriod in front of him a smaii lamp, similar to those unml by the police; ho did not utter a word, nor did ho attempt to lay hands on tho young woman, but wiUked away in an instant. Not confining himself to the crowded parts of tho njctropolio, ho made tho suburbs his hunting-gronnd, and terrorised both eidea of tho Thames to kuol> an extent that but few fotnalos would venture out after dark withwut sufficient cpoorl. lie visitsd Lilsckhcath in a truly novel and marvellouri'mauticr. Throo ladies were crossing tho Loath at nb#ut six o'clock, when they suddenly cmuo upon a mon strous figuro beforo them, and as tho lamp 3 had been lit some time, tiv.y had a goad vi'.w of it. The imotister, they said, had n phos phoric lustre, showed treir.undons long ewe, horns and tail like thoso of a bullock. Ono of tho ladies fell down in a fit, and the other two had resort to that potent weapon in the foraalo armoury, a good scream, which promptly brought a to .thoir assis tance, and on his bold advance tho apparition throw itself over his head and disappeared on the heath, during which gymnastic per formance, it was said, tho hooka, or springs, on hia lioola were distinctly visible. In 5 pamphlet, published at tho time, we havs preserved to us a portrait ? of the "ghost," as lie appeared in this instance, and tho representation oven, much less tha reality, is quite enough, to npaet iho nerved of any or/iinary-minded per?on. Ho iti depioted as clad in all .tho orthodox dotails of a natanio outfit, herns, tails, ctc., with fearful elaws on both hauds and fed, iho latter additionally armed with largo hooks, attached to tha hcola, whilst his countenance puto any rucdinjval conception of tlio Evil One quite to the blush. No wonder,, .then, tho ladies are shown as suffering ? an .extremity ol terror, with their mouths extended to their utmost' capacity, presumably screaming. In another tract there la a of this man-fiend, its horrors being heightened by boing highly-colored, and tliero ho in repre sented as appearing in a churchyard to two ) women. ' , In a third booklet ho appears an in half; armour, with helmet, etc., his nether, limbs being clad in a species of fox-hunting cos tume, a hago cloak adorning hie back. Having alarmed tho dwellers on tho south sido of the I'hamea, so as nearly to deprivo them of their senses, ho again crossed tho water, and appsared to a party o$ people near Hollosvay in tho guise of. a boar, Hero, how over, ho met with a reception he hardly con templated, for thero being a brickfield handy, tho men of the party treated him to a shower of bricks, a modo of treatment whioli ho by no meahs relished, mid which induced him to beat a spoedy retreat. One evening, near Lord Holland's gate at Kensington, a gr.unt figure accoutred liko ;I)on Quixote, and covcrcd with spikes, was scon striding along tho road, and, after staring in tho faces of some labouring men, disappeared in an instant. Thoso men, it is said, went into a beer-shop in tho vicinity, and then lolftting what they had seen, they again wont to tho plane wherd Hia figure had appeared, in expectation of its return. However, they did not meet it, but they saw an uncouth monstar, having thu shape of an enormous baboon, playing its antics beneath some trees whioli overhung tho road. As tltey appro;iehed tho creature isprarig up on tho branches and disappeared, Spring-heolod Jack, of course, ? being credited with this mysterious ocourrence. Hackney was favored with an extraordinary vision of this many-shaped intruder on tho publie peace, for ho appeared, so thn story runs, in the shape of a lamp-lighter vfaK;ing on his hejid and hands, and earrjing his ladder bokwee/i his feet, to whioli was sus pended a lantern of dimensions, amply fightod. And this curious creature, on being approached, somersaulted so high that those who saw it were utterly astouished. 3Jut this, surely, is rather more than evou the most credulous ou£ht to Ijo expected to swallow, and the story must hava boon manu factured to feed tho publie tavta for the marvellous. Another glimpse of him was had on the road to Woolwich, whon a bluo flame issued from his mouth, and a girl who witnessed it fell into fits, llis drew* on tbi.i occasion is described as that of n gentleman, with the somewhat startling addition of n wide strip of scarlet down tho back of his coat. Being pursued, ho sprang ovor the fenccs as usual, and was ont of eight in an instant. Slill lingering in Kent, ho was found tho following night at Dartford, where ho was clad in a bear-skin, and amused himself with the mis chievous trick of putting out tho town gas and leaving the streets in darknes?. Tho j übiquity of the fellow was something wonder ' ful, and tended, ol ejurso, very much to en hance his fame; no sooner was ho heard of in Kent than he turned up at Hampntoad Heath, springing over tho furze-bushes and somersaulting over the gravel-pit*. So numerous were the tales told of Spring heeled Jaek that a good many must bo sup posed to bo truo; whilst! on the other hand, great allowaneo must bo made for credulity, some people not being content with tha mar vellous as they find it, bst being only too happy to add thereto. As a linal specimen of tho nonsense circulated about his appear ance, perhaps tho following is about the best: A wonderful eight, it wan said, was witnessed on Primrose Hill one evening. On tho summit appeared a huge iigure of a uun, in a flamo of palo blue; it then assumed the bulk of a massive elophant, then of a windmill in full operation, and lastly, in lessening its dimen sions, it bocamo a large ball of snow, which rolled down the hill, and escaped further cotioo. What Spring-heeled Jack had to do with this dreadful appearance is not at all elcar, but it wan attributed to him, neverthe less, such was the hold that ho had obtained ovor tho public mind. Whether too much attention w;\b beginning to be paid to him with a view to lu'3 capture, or whether his love of mischief had died out, cannot be told, but oertain it was that noth ing was known publicly of this singular being fifter Apsil, 1838, having kept London in a ferment of excitement and terror for absut pix months. ? The foregoing aro only 2, few of the stories, veraoioUH or otherwise, that woro related of him, space not permitting any rnoro detailed account to be given. 1 The notoriety this fellow had obtained seems to havs had tho effect of making many silly young men emulous to enact tho rulllan in a small way, considering it tho height of cleverness to frighten women and cliildron out of their wits, under the belief that Spring heeled Jack was attacking them. Many oownrdly assaults on wotnen were reported in various parts of the metropolis, under tho im pression, doubtless, that it was all r. " lark but it was .*- joke iho victims hardly appre ciated, as, should they scream out in their terror, their unmanly assailants did not hesi tato to strike thcin with their lists in the mouth, in order tosilenoo them. Ono of these imitations of Jack, a young footman, who had kept tho inhabitants ot Kiiburn in considerable alarm by sallying out upo? them disguised as a ghos>, in a white Bheet and hideous innsk, from which depended a long beard, was enpturcd and fined JC-1, which seems hardly a>i adnyiutc sentence for tho offence, seeing how seldom theso gentry gave justice a chance of punishing them. In a satirical paper, tho " Ago," of March 11, W.iS, ie found a recipe for the euro of " spring-hcela "in " .Taoks." '?..-, ... "Tal'to of pans, poppor, salt,'and gunpow der an equal amount, l-'iat mixture in blun daabusii, without ' ncruplo." Mako applica tion in the region of the 'oa cooygi.i, 1 and lot, ily. Wp tiro happy in having tho best opinion , tbitt'tio 'person allliotcd with ' Sprinij-honled ?Taokifciui' can withstand the effects of this trentinont of bia nervous fyetem." Undoubtedly, if this proscription had been followed oxtensiivoly in Hh entiroty by the in luibitflnte of London, thoro would not bavb boon muoh more heard of tho pranks of those cowardly fellow*, whoso only redeeming point was that thoy abstained from plundering those who Im.l hefin wenk enough to bo frightened by , their appcaranoo. 