Bret Harte's New Story in the 'Argonaut.' ' A Ship of Forty-nine.' (Continued from Saturday's issue.) IV. with an exclamation and a hurried glance around him, De Ferriere3 threw himself before the intruder. But, slowly lifting his large hand, and placing it on his lodger's breast, he quietly overbore the sick man's feeble resis tance with an impact of power that seemed almost as moral aa it was physical. He did not appear to take any notice ot the room or its miserable surroundings; indeed, scarcely the occupant. Still pushing him, with ab stracted eyes and immobiJe face, to the chair that Eosey had iuat quitted, he made him sit down, and then took up his own position on a pile- of cushions opposite. His usually underdone com plexion was of watery blueness, but his dull, abstracted glance appeared to exercise a certain dumb, narcotic fas cination on his lodger. ' I . mout,' said Nott, slowly, ' her laid y'e out here on sight, without enny warnin', or dropped ye in yer tracks in Montgomery street, wherever ther was room to work a sis-shooter in com f 'ably ! Johnson of Petalumy — him, ye know, ez had a game eye — fetched Flynn comin' outer meetin' one Sun day, and it was only on account of his wife, and she a second-hand one, so to speak. There was 'Walker of Contra Costa plugged that young Sacramento chap, whose name I disremember, full o' holea jist ez he was say in' ' Good-by' to his darter. I mout hev done all tiis if it bad settled things to please me. For while you, and Flynn,. and that Sacramento chap ez all about the same sort o-' men, Eoaey'a a different kind from their sort o' women.' ' Mademoiselle is an angel !' said Dor Ferri^res, suddenly rising, with an ex cess of extravagance. ' A saint ! '. Look ! '? I cram the lie, na ! down his throat who challenges it T ' Ef by rnam'selle ye mean myiRosey,' saidNott, quietly laying his powerful hand on De Ferrieres's shoulders, and slowly pinning him down again ? upon Ms chair, ' ye're about right, though she ain't mam'selle- yet. Ez I was sayjn', I might hey killed you off-hand if I hed thought it woald her been a good'thing for Jfosey. 'For her? Ah- well! Look, I; am ready !' interrupted De Ferrieres, again springing to his- feet and throwing open his coat with both hands. 'See .''here at my heart — fire IT 'Ez I was aayin',' continued ISfott, oace more pressing the excited man &-wn in his chair, 'I might hev wiped y» out — and msbbe- ye wouldn't her., keered — or yomaBigbi hev wiped me out, and I mout TTev aaid, ' Thank 'ee/ bat I reckon this- ain't a case for what's comf 'able for you. and me. It's what's good for Eosey. J&ad; the thing to kbl tilate is, what's to be done.' His small, round eyes for the first time rested on De Ferri-ere's face, and were quickly withdrawn. It was evident that this abstracted look, which had fascinated his ledger, was merely a resolute avoidanoe of De Ferrierea's glance, and it became- apparent later that this avoidance was- due to a ludi *rous appreciation of De Ferrieres-'s attractions. 'And after ws!ve- «Eone that, we must calculate what Eosey ia, and what Rosey wants. Pfapsye- allow, you know what xtosey ls-r.- Jrraps you ve seen fcer prance TouaA in velvet bonneis-and white satin slippers, and sich. P'4aj» you've seen has- readin' tracks- aud v'yges, without wai4mf to spell a word, or catch her bseatn. Bat that ain't ti* Itosey ez I knew. It's a little child sa uster crawl in and out the tailboard; of a Missouri waggon en the alkali pizeosd plains, where there wasn't another ]bit o±' God's meaay_ oa yearth to be seen for miles and milesv It's a little-gai as uster hunger- -and thirBt ez quiet anad mannerly ez sh© now eats and drinka in plenty ; whose voice was ez steady -with injins yellia'' round her neBti in the leaves on S-seetwater ez in her party cabin up yonder. That's th» gal ez I know ! That's the Kosey s&: my ole ?woman puts- into my arms one sight arter we left Laramie when, the fever was high, and sea: ' Abnori'' sez. she, ' tho chariot is swingin' low. for me to-night, tut thar ain't rcom.ia it for her oryouito get in or hitchion. Take her, and rare her so we can.alL jine on the othea- shore,' sez she.. And I'd knowed the other shore wasn't no Cali forny. And that nigatj. p'raps, the chariot swung lower tban ewi before, aud my ole woman- stepped into it, and left me- and RosBy to creep on in the old waggon alone. It's them kind o' things/' added Mr. Nott,. thoughtfully, ' that seem to pint to my kilh'n! .ypu^qn sight as the best thing- to;b©, done. : And yet Itosey might not Tike it.' JSIe had slipped one of i his; feet 6ut:of his' huge .carpet, 8lippers-''a,ndi ;.a'ff!.'ho' leached down to put it ' on' again, ,11,% added) calmly : l A.nd ea to you nmrrv~ ing her, it ain't to be done.' ! -? r '?; ' Tho utterly ' bewildured : ' expression which1 transfigured De Ferrieres's face at this announcement was unobserved byj Pott's averted eyes, nor did -he per ceive that hiti listener the next 'moment straightened; his erect figure and. ad justed his cravat. , . : 'El; Eb8ey,' he continued, '.hea.sead in vylges and tracks in Eyetalian and French countries of such chups ea you, and kulkilates you're the right kind to tie to, mebbee it mouthov done, if you'd been livin' ovor thar in a palace, but somehow it don't jibe; ih'ovor here and agree, with a ship — and that sMp lying coinf'able ashore in Han Srancisco. 'V ou don't seem to suit the climate, you see, and your general gait i» likely to stampede the other cattta. Again,' said Nott, with an ostentation of looking at his companion, but really gazing on vacancy, 'this, fixed up, antique style of youra goes better with them ivy-kivered ruins in Borne anH Palmyry that Eosey's mixed you up with, than it would yere. I ainrt savin',' he mlded, as DeJper rierea was about to speak, 'I ain't savin' ee that child ain't srauten with ye. It ain't no use to Ho a ad say she don't prefer you to her old Father, or young chaps of her o?n ago nnd kind. I've seed it afore now. I suspicioned it afore I seed her slip out o' this place to-night. Thar ! keep yaw hair on, such ez it is I ' he added, a» De Fer rieres attempted a quick deprecatory gesture. 'laint askin' yer how often she comes here, nor what she setfto you nor you to her. I ain't asked her, and I dota't ask you. I'll allow ez you've settled all the preliminaries and bought her the ring and sich ; I'm only askin' you now, kalkilatin' you've got all the keerds in your own band, what youil take to step out and leave the board ?' ' The d»zed loot- of Dte- Ferrieres migbfr have forced itself even npon Nott's- one-idead fatuity had it not been a part of that gentleman r» system' to delicately look another way at that1 moment so as not to embarrass hia- adversary's calcu lation. ' Pardon,' Dtammered De Fer rieres, ' but I? do noteompreheud.' He raised his hand to his- Head.- Tain not well — I am stupid. Ah, men1 Dssu ! ' 'I ain't saym',' adVled- Bfott, more gently, ' ez yon don't' feel Bad1 j it's nat'ral. But it ain't business. I'm aslnn' you,' he continue^- taMng. from his breast-pocket1 a largo- wallet;, ''how much you'll take 'in cash now,, and the rest next steamer day, to giveup'Jttosey and leave the Bhipi'' De- Ferrieres etaggerel: to1 hi&feet; despite Nott's restraining: hand'.- ' To leave- mademoiselle and leayethsshipi' he-said huskily, 'is ii'not ? '' 'In egflra,e. Tey can leave thingw yerjist ez you foimd 'em when you- came; you know,' continuedtNotiTj-for tile- first time lookingjaround the miser able apartment. 'It's a bueniesB jpb. I'H take the bales baek agin,, and' you kin reckon upwhat you're out,-countin'' Eosey and loss o' timeJ ''Hb wishes me to ga/te has^aid; re peated De- Ferrieres to himBelf-thicMy- ' Ef you) mean me whan you' Eay.-him- ; — and' ez1' thar ain't any othar-- man' aroundi-I reefton you do— yes.' ''.Atad'he aeks me — ho^-this -,3uui- of' the feet and the daughfa^— asks- me — De Ferriere*' — what I wHl take/ 'con- tinued?B-e 3?errieres, buttoning hiscoat; ' 'No ! '? it is- a dream !' Horwalked stafHy? to the- corneo where his portmaateaui lay, lifted' it,, and, going to the outer ,door).a-outv through the ship's side-that communicated with the alltey, unloeked ifrand' flung; it open to the- night. A* tbick' mist,. lifie- toe breath of the ocean, flowed'into the- room. 'Ttoa. a«k- me what I shall takoto epf. he-sskiai.a* ho stood- onv-the thTes holdi. 'Sshalll take what jon canaot give, .monsieur, but what I would not keop if 'L stood* Here another minute; I take -my honoa9r monsieur,, and I take my leave.r For- a moment his grotesque figure was outlined' in- fbe openinm,and then disappeared as-ifi he had dropped in an invisible opening below. Stupefiedjind disconcertodiati this- complete success of his overtures; Aboer N'ott- Jfemained-. speechless, gazing^at the vaasat space, until a coldj-inffaoc o£ the mist recalled.-: him. Theni he -sose- and shuiBeid quickly to the-door.. ' Hii! 1 Ferrer* !! Look yer — say'-.! 'Wot's-your hurryr pardnor ?':-' Butthere was no response.. The thick, mist, which hid;tlie- surrotrnding objects seemed to dsaden aB sound also. After. a moment's pause he closed .-the door^ but did«noti look. i*r and, repeating : to the centre ofth&room;, romained blink ing at. the two- candles, and plucking. some perplexing problem.-, from his-. beard. Sndisn^- an idoa seized him.! Eosey !'! ^Yicere was she ? Perhaps ;it had be©n'aj-?(30oacertei plan, and sue. had fled with him. Putting oub tfie- light, No4t stumbled; hurriedlyi thsougb the passage to the gangway* above.. The cabfa door was open; there waa ihoBcmui of voices^ Eenshaw's and. Kosey'a. Mr. Nottielti relieved^ bufe not nnen abasrassed. He would have ? asaided hvt daughter's pre sence -that' evening. But even wMle. making this- resoluticin, with charac teristic, infelicity he bilundtered iutp,4he, room... Eosey looked upy with a slight start p.EenHha.w's. animated face was changed to its f barmec erpression o£;in ward discontent. ?? .? . . ;: ' Y^du came in so lflie a» ghost, fat'aery' said. Eosey, with a 'slight- peevishness ? that was- Hew to her. '-And I thought you i were ia town. Don't go,, Mr.-. Eecshaw.' B&t; My.. Kca^haw Saiimated tiiatlio had'.: already rreapassed uponi Misa-. Nott's time, and that bo doubt he:-- father wanted to tallfi with h3r; To hio- surpsise; and annoyance, lio-woves, Mtc. Nott insisted on accompanying him to his- room, audl without hfeeding Basmsha-w's- cold ' Good aight,''eiitere«t,v andi closed the door behind hinii. '?B'u'ia.pB,' said !5JDr. Nott, with, a tooublei! air, ' yoru di«rememTJ6r. tliat when, you first kem, he-re you aaked me if-'you. could hev irHat *er loffe-'thofc'ilw Brenchiraan had downstairs ?' . ',' ' ; ^ (??'? 'Koy I don't remember it,' saii Sen shaw^ almost ructely..' ' But.^he-iaiidedv af.ter- a pause, twtk the aiu- ot;'a irian' obligsd to jreY^ve. A.s^ale and unpleasant' mbmory, 'if I diaj -wiat about it^J -? 'Knthin', orslyi' that you km hev it to»HM-rrow, ez t& at' Wr'e FSencfenian in lnovin' out,' responslef I Not!;;. ' I thought you wns sorttsvkaea about; ii when you first kein.' '? . ??' ?'?. :..??.« ..-. v '??,, -\\. .'irmph ! ' .'VRfeil. talk^abq.iiti' if;,; to' morrow.' -Something ;va\\. th®'16okr of wearied peuplesifcy with whicdaMr. Nct4 was beginning' to regard! his. own.iaala-. propos pjQBence arrested the young man's attention. ' What's, the i-ciiaon you didalfr sell thia oldi ship long ago, take a deceat house* ki tho town,; and bring u,p your daughter likealiwiy?' he asiod1, irith a ooid'den blunt good humoiij). But even, thia implied: bhiH-, pheisi^ ag-iinst tho habits tion W wor 8hip«dj did not prtiveot Mr. N.ott l:ro?u his usual misconetouotion of the ques ticsj^. ^1 reokon now Eoaey'B gok bigh-uown Mie as of livin' in a cftatl-e with ruins, ejii ? * he} said, o^Qnin^y. . 'Haven't heard her bhv,' returned Renshaw abruptly. ' Good-night.' ,! Firmly convinced that Eoaey had been urfable to conceal from Mr. Ean ehaw the influence of her dreams of a castellated future with De Forriores, he regained the cabin. Satisf ying him self that his daughter had retired, he sought his own couch. But not tj sleep. The figure of Do Forriere* standing in the ship's side, and molting into the outer darkness, haunted him, and compelled him in dreams to rise and follow hin through the alleys and by- ways of a , crowded ' city. Again, it was a part of his morbid suspicion, .that he. now invested., the absent mas with a potentialsjgnificance and an unknown power.. .What deep laid plans might he not form to possess hinisplf of Rofley, of which he, Abner Notii, would be ignorant ? Unchecked by tlte restraint of a father's roof, he would1 now give full licence to his power. ' Said he'd take his honour with Trim,* mattered Abner to himself, in the dim ?wsGches of the night ; ' lookin' at that sayin' in its right light, it looks iad.' # i #? # *' * * v The elaborately untruthful account winch Mr. .Nott. gave lus- daughter of Ce- Ferrieres's sudden departure was more^ fortunate thao his- usual equivo cations. \¥hile it disappointed and slightly mortified hesj-it didl not seem to her inconsistent with what she already knew'of him. 'Said' hie doctor had oirdered him to quit? towai under an hour, i owin' tea comin; attack of hay f eveiv and he heed a f riond f roan f urrin parts iwaitin' hiia at the Springs-,. Rosey,' explained Nott, hesitating- between his desire tb avoid his daughter's eyes- and his wish! to observe her countenance. ' AV»3-he worse ? — I mean did he look badlr, fSither?' asked Eoaey, thought fully. ' I .reckon not eaactly l)ad. Kinder looke-,l es/it he mout be worse soon ef he din 't hump hisseif .' 'Did you see him? — in his room?'' asked Eosey, anxiously. . Tfpon the answei ? to this simple- question depended the furtura confidential relations be tween father and daughter: If her ?father 1 tad himself detected the means jby whic h Ms lodger existed,- she felt ;tho& her own obligations to secrecy had ;lieen ren loved. But Mr. NoWs answer Sdwposed of the vain hope. It was a IrespoHse afier his usual fashion to the !q:»estJDn he imagined- she- arfefally 'wisTjcd to asi. — i.e., if. hef had discovered' ?their rendlczous of the previous- night.. JTbis \ras \ lart of his peculiar delicacy to ignore. Yet his reply showed' that 'he had bi3eniQnconsciou8' of the- one1 'miBsrable secret that he»- might' have :read easilj-. : ' I was tl lera- an hour or so — hinnand me alone— diseussin' trade. ? I reckon ?He's got a good'ithing outer that curled' .torse-hair, .for I ' see he's got fin an' in Vbk'e o' cuahiono.- I've stored 'em all in- the, forrai 'd bulkhead until he sends for 'em, ez Iklr. Eenshaw has taken'the loft.' ; But although.Mr. Eenshaw had taken the loft, he clid not seem ia-' haste to occupy it. Hie spent part of the morn ing in uneasily pacing his roonij in oe ea»iorial salli'es into the street; from which! he purposely' returned, and once 'or twice in diistent and furtivecontem 'pteiion of.EoEey'at work in the-1 galley, 'i'he last observation was unnoticed by the astute Nott,, wl»o at once conceiving: ?'that he was nourishinj; a secret and .hopeless passion- for Eosey, began to consider whether-dt was not hia duty to warn the young man of her preoccupied! affections. Bui'-! Mr. Eenshr,w?s final 'disappeaTanco obliged him to withhold; ,!h'i* eoufideface till5- morning. ??';??' ;? This time Mr. Etenshaw lef^the ship ? .with tho evident determination- o£ some: ^settled purpose. .:' He walked -'rapidly :until he reached1 !the counting-house' o£ 'Mr. Sleight, when he was at' onee shovm 'into a! private office-. In a few moments ?Mr. Sleight, a brusque but. passionleau ??man, joined him. . ! ' Well,' said Sleight, closing..the door; .carefully, ' whataiews- ?' I 'None,' said: Eenshaw, bluntlyv '?Look' here, Slsigh*,1 he nd&eSji; turning. ?,to ;hitii suddenly,, ''let me out of;' this- Sgpme. I don't iiko- it.' , , .,.':' i 'Does that n»au you'vs.- found jnothiiig?' ask^d.-Sit»ght, sarcastically. . ? 'It moans that I haven't Jooked\f or, jaaiythiug, and-jthat I don't intends to [v/itliout the full knowledjg^, op'- that 'fo'dl whoowris'-thfr 'ship.' ! ' ', ,' '' ;:..'.,' You've cheagsdi yonr's mind since-! you wrote that- letter,' said . Sleight,. ? sool!jrj i-roducing; from a drawor- th8 note already known1 to ? the- r»adeT. Eenslmw mechanically ostendsd; his haDd to take it.' Mr.' Sleight- djoppedi the letter bo.ck.iato. the i&awer;^whieh: he quietly looked. ' ' The- apparently simple act. dyed Mr. Eeaahaw!a cheek with colour, . bat it vanished quicldy, and with it any token of: his previous ombiu'rassinenti. ? ? Heloolced atcSleighfc with the con-nineed ;air- of' a resolute man -\ybo,.hdd at last taken a. disagree- able st»p, but was willing-.to standiby it ' I have changed my. mind,.' 'he said,' coolly. 'I found out that it* was ona thing i to g?. down, tho»e as a. Stilled prospoctor might go toexamine-ivmino ?that was to- :be valued according to hia ?repc-i'i;- of' the indicaiBonSj.but- that it iwaa Entirely another 'thing, to go sod ?j-l'Xj. the »py in a poori devflf s. house, in orderitobuy something.- he didn't know he- was sslline, and wouldili'ti. sell if he did.' ! ? , ??.-??' ? .. . . 'Ahdi nomething that the- man ? be I tought of- didn't th&kof; selling; some-; ?'ihinjjj ho himself nevBB paid for, and never; expevod to ^uy;!'saeered Sleight.. L,v,,j' But something' that we expect to. fbuy Srom our kiiowJfidge of all-thisj .and it iaitl)3t whielto inakeB.i all'the ;d»f lerenbo.' .'.?.??.'.?'.:; ''.ii '? ??.'??..?:.'?'.'?.? ? ,;'' Uiit you knew alLthas, before.' ; ??.;?,*? I never mnv ibin iihis light before! 1 uevev thought of- it until I was living tiei'o'fnco to face -with the. old fool I wjw yitending to. overjfeach., I neve* wati wire of it untii ihiB morning,, when Ue actually turned out one.of his lodge-iB ?litiat I might have the very room 1 io~ quired to '; play ofl ' bur little- game in comfortably.. 'VHienhe did th*t I made Bpmy inijidj to- drop the, whole thing, and I am We- to do it.' ?';,.'.' And let Homebody,, else take the re sp'onijibiiity — 'With'' ^ne percentage — uiiIobb you've alsofeltit your duty to .warn) Nott, too/ said SJeight, with a ?neeifK. . ., ?'?'lijou ;only dare say that to me, Sleight,' ' said HetiBhaw, quietly, ? be cauai) you have in thdt drawer equal oviilQticeoE my folly and of 'my confi dcucb.j-.bujb.if .you are wise you will not pruituino too far on either. Lot us soo how we btand. Through the yarn of a drunken captain and a mutinous Bailor you became .aware of an un claimed shipment of treasure, concealed in an unknown ship that entered this harbour. You aro enabled through me to corroborate some facts and identify the ship. You proposed to me as a speculation to identify, the ^treasure, if. possible before you purchased the Bhip. I accepted the offer without- con sideration. On consideration I now decline- itj but without prejudice- or' Iqbs to- anyone 'but myself. As- to your insinuations, I need no* remind you that my presence here to-day re futes it. I would not require' your permission to make a much better bar gain : with a good-natured fool like- Not* than I could- with yon. Or, if I did !not care for' the buBmess, I could have : warned the girl' ? , ' The girl — what girl F , Eenahaw bit his lip,, but answered; i boldly : ' The old man's- ' daughter— a j'poor girl— whom' this1 act would rob as well as her father. '? Sleight looked' at bjep companion at tentively. ' Your migh* hare said so at first, and let up on'thie-catap- meetin' exhortation. weH!- then' — admitting you've got the old' man and the young girl- on the same string, -and! .tlat yon've played it pretty Iott down in- the short time- you've been there1 — 1 suppose, Dick-- Eenshaw, I've- got' to- see your bluff/ Well, how muchris-'it??; 'Whafs the figure you and shehave-set/tM on ?' For an instant Sleight1 wtss-iri' physical danger. But before- h'e had 5siished speaking, Eenshaw's qjriek sense- o£ the ludicrous- had so far overcome his- first indignation as to enable liiin'to'eren admire- the perfect moral ' insensibOity of his companion. A»- he- arose aad walked toward the d6orj. he Half wondered'that he had eTOT'trosted' the affair seriously. With a» snalehii're plied :— ' Far frora bluffing, KeigHf,. I asm throwing ary cards on. thoKatla: GTen sider thatifive passed out.1 Iiet' some- other man take my hand. Bake down' the pot if you like, old nmn ; JTlfeww for Sacramento- to-night. AUiow!!' When tha- door had closed behind) him, Mr. Sleight summonecHiis clerk. : 'Is that petition for grading FtatiaB I street ready-??' I ' I've seen the largest; property ' holders, sir ; they're only wailiing; for 'you to sign first.' Mr. Sleight paused; 'and then affSed his aigna-iure-to'the1 ; paper his clerfelaid before himi- ^Oet i the other names and send it upiat ono8.-V 'If Mr. Notbdoesn't sign, sipP'' i ' No matter ;,: he will be assessed?1 idl' : the same.' Mr. Sleight took up.his Bat. 'The Lascar- seaman that was -Sere ;the other day has been wanting to 'see 'you, sir. I said! you were busy: .' ? Mr. Sleight put down his hat:'.' Sandi ;Mm up.' ' ' : (2b le continued.') 