THE JULY MAGAZINES V The remarkable dulncss of the current num ber of the Contemporary is relieved to some extent by Mr. J. G. Frazer's very readable paper on the Primitive Ghost and his relations, which displays a vast amount of carefully com piled information in regard to the ancient origin of burial customs in all parts of the world. It appears that most of these customs were designed to prevent tho ghost of tho dead from finding its way back. Tho very general practice of closing tho eyes of tho dead originated with this object. It was a mode of blindfolding the dead, that ho might not see the way by which he was carried to his last home. At the grave, where he was to rest for ever, there was of courso no motive for conceal ment ; hence the Romans and tho Siamese opened tho eyes of the dead man at the funeral pyre, just as we should unbandago the eyes of an enemy after conducting him to his destina tion. With a similar object the corpse is carried out of the houso feet foremost, for if ho were carried out head foremost his eyes would be turned towards tho door, nnd ho might therefore find his way back. Professor Goldwin Smith discourses ou the administration of Iro- Innd, and urges that positive, assurance should bo given of the inviolability of the Union and of the hopclessnesS-of all attempts to destroy it. Let all doubts, he says, bo re moved at once from tho minds of Irish Unionists about tho determination of England and Scotland to uphold fho Union, as tho pcoplo of the United States upheld their union, with the whole power of tho nation. Nation alist leaders will then begin to direct their efforts to practical and attainable reforms. Mrs. Oliphont docs full jnstico to tho genius of Victor Hugo, and Mrs. H. R. Hawcis shows how small plots of ground in cities may ho made attractive by skilful gardening. Principal Fairbairn contributes an essay ou Catholicism and Historical Criticism, and a lecture delivered at Oxford, by Mr. G. J. Romanes, ou Mind and Motion, is reprinted. Captain Davidson furnishes a clear statement of tho strength of the army of Russia. He estimates tho standing army of Russia to consist of over 700,000 men on a peace, and over 2,000,000 on a war footing. A system of reserves and tho enormous number of adults annually ready to recruit the first line make it appear possible to keep up a permanent army of 2,000,000. Lord Harris's article on crickot will he read with somo interest in Australia, though it contains nothing very remarkable. The writer claims that the manly game has done something towards bringing together tho mother country nnd her Australian colonies He questions whether tho excitement in Aus tralia has been greater over the transmission of a body of colonial troops to assist the mother country in tho Soudan than it was over the suc cesses of the fir6t Australian Eloven that visited England's shores. With regard to the future of cricket, he notices some signs of dilettantism coming over England — a disinclination to go through the drudgery of the gome, which alone can ensure eventual excellence, and a conse quent hankering after the milder excitement of lawn tennis. Ho trusts lie is wrong and t hat gentlemen will continue to he tho equals, if not the superiors, of tho professionals in the cricket field. A Review of Contemporary Life and Thought in Franco contains a very friendly estimate of the political career and character of M. Ferry, tho late head of the Government, who is described as having mado good his claim to be considered a true statesman. In the North American Ecrt'em David Dudley Field and Henry George disenss land and taxation in tho form of a dialogue, but without convincing each other, though there are points on which thoy agree. The substance of Mr. George's explanation of his schcmo is that the Stato should tax the soil, aud tho soil only ; that in doing so it should consider tho soil as it camo from the hands of the Creator, withont anything that man has pnt npon it ; that all other property — in short, everything that man has made — is to be acquired, enjoyed and transmitted as at present ; that tho rate of annual taxation should equal the rate of annual rental ; and that the proceeds of the tax should be applied, not only to purposes of government, but to any other purposes that the Legislature may from time to time think desirable, even to dividing them among tho people at so much a head. A paper by Mr. Gail Hamilton, entitled Prohibition in Practice, speaks of the lull in temperance enthusiasm caused by the disgust resulting from political prohibition. He considers that the chief danger to tcin- pcranco is from the prohibition party. If a prohibitory constitutional amendment be in sisted on as the issue the cause of intcmpcranco will gladly accept it, and the victory of tera- peranco will bo indefinitely postponed. In most of the states in which it has been tried prohibition has been found a failure, aud the people have resorted to tho more usual means of regulation and taxation. In one place whero thero wcro twenty-fire saloons under prohibition there were but nine under tux. In Detroit over 500 wero closed out by tax law, and in other places similar results are recorded. In the stato of Maine tho effect of tho prohibi tory law is that liquor is sold to all who wish to obtain it in nearly every town in the state. For the past six years the city of Bangor has practically enjoyed free rum. In more than 100 places liquor is sold, and no attempt has been made to enforce tho law. The ex tradition of dynamite criminals is discussed by ihrec writers, who very properly hold that such persons cauuot bo classed with political offen ders, and that as they war against the innocent their misdeeds should bo made ordinary crimes under the laws of well governed countries. Mr. W. Clarke calls the English Imperial Federation scheme a bubble. He points out that the question will not be settled, as most of the English Imperialists appear to imagine, in England, hut in the respective colonies. And the colonists will settle it in accordance with their own interests. Thev will consider whether their fiscal policy shall be moulded in accordance with the wonts aud wishes of English capitalists. They will consider whether their interests will ho promoted by connection with the intrigues of European diplomacy and the rivalries of European states men. They will consider whether they should iinposo financial burdens on themselves in order to promote English foreign policy. They will consider whether cither the British Parliament or somo hypothetical federal council could manage any portion of tbeir own affairs for them better than their own Governments and Parlia ments can do. And they will do this freely and independently, qnite regardless of the opinions or wishes of English " fair traders," or military men, or colonial agents. Imperial federation, stripped of all the pretentious verbiage and vague rhetoric with which it has been adorned, is an attempt on the part of certain interests to maintain their hold over mankind. It is a movement that in its essence is intended to divert the broad stream of human progress into the narrow channel of English capitalism. The Fortnightly opens with an unsigned' article ou Local Government and Ireland, in which it is recommended that thero shall be county boards established for administering the local affairs of the county, and a national council to exercise such control as must be exercised by some central body over the county boards, and to deal with domestic matters of importance too great, or affecting areas too wide to enable them to come properly within the scope of any county lioanl. An aualysis of the life's work of Victor Hugo, by Henry J. Ceard, severely criticises some of the great poet's compositions. It is asserted that words are the great power and the supreme quality of Victor Hugo, and that his writings are fuller of midges than of ideas. Regret is 'also expressed that Hngo should have caused painful disap pointment to the scientific minds of this century by a special clause in his will prohibiting the satcpsywhich bfighi have thrown each brilliant light on iheobictirc!poista of'ihe workjagof the coreberal apparatus. The writer proceeds : "Hugo, who was represented as being such an extraordinary innovator, os having an intellect so free from all prejudices and all preconceived ideas, has yielded to speculations of a purely theological order, and, a spiritualist even in death, ho has turned away from science and re fused to allow his corpse to serve for the indis pensable demonstration which was impatiently expected. Hugo, who was always talking about giving light, has voluntarily contributed towards leaving iu darkness one of. the most carious points in anthropology. Was it pride ? Was it weakness ? Did he believe himself lo be abovo all explanation ? Did he think that his genius had no accounts to render to the histologist, and no judgments to accept from the tribunal of scienco ? Or else, convinced by tho doctrine of Flowrens, that genius is a lesion, was he afraid to give to tho astonished world tho spectacle of an infirmity duly ascertained, and of a malady which would havo been described in an irrefutablo official re port ?" In reply to an arliclo in the previous number, Dr. Donkin enlarges upon the dangers of medical specialism, pointing out that tho specialist is liable to be ignorant of tho various constitutional causes which lead up to particular diseases. Under the title of a Joke or a Job, a member of Convocation impugns the justice of tho appointment of Mr. Napier, of Gottingen, to tho new chair of English literature at Ox ford. The success which has attended tho last English expedition to South Africa, is mado the text of an article on the future of that colony, by Mr. Frederic Macarness, who urges that British policy should bo directed to tho steady dovolpinent of the regions to the north and north- west of tho Capo Colony, nnd to the advance of the English frontier on the north east to tho limits of the Portngneso territory. In (he customary renew of Home Affairs, it is pointed out that the formation of an ad interim Conservative Government is likely, in several ways to favorably influence the position and prospects of advanced Liberalism. So far as Liberalism is concerned, the centre of political interest is now shifted ftom Parlia ment to tho country. Tho Radical lenders will havo abundant opportunity of laying their pro gramme before ihe people, and of preventing, as they might not havo been able to' do if Tory democracy wcro unrepresented in the Cabinet, its anticipation by tho pioneers of democratic Toryism. Supposing that the Liberal leaders had met tho constituencies after tho Parlia mentary split, it is observed tho chances of Conservatism would have been appreciably im proved. As it is, two substantial advantages will accrue to thoroughgoing Liberalism. In tho first place, tho Liberal party will boat least nominally united at the general election ; in the second place, those in whom tho con stituencies will recognise tho Liberal leaders will bo ipso facto the Radical chiefs. Mr. Edward Dicey, a well known writer on Egyptian affairs, furnishes to tho Nineteenth Century n paper on the Khcdivalc, in which he remarks that tho influences which nro work ing in behalf of Ismail's restoration, are iden tical with those which aro working against English ascendency in Egypt, and in favor of placing tho country under an international syndicate. Meanwhile, ho submits that the duty of England is clear. Tewfik has helmvcd loyally towards her, and she is pledged to his support by every consideration of interest and duty. If England is lo maintain a general supervision over tho administration of Egypt, sho can find no Khedive belter fitted to follow her instructions than Tewfik Pasha. Writing ou Parliamentary manners, Mr. H. TV. Lucy quotes some unruly incidents of the past and previous sessions, but nevertheless claims that a Parliament that lias abolished flogging iu tho army, amended the game laws, reformed tho burial laws, stormed the long defended citadel of mediaeval bankruptcy law, relieved genius of the trammels of the patent laws, passed an Irish Land bill, and carried the largest measure of electoral reform ever attempted, deserves well of its country. Treating of the difficulty of conducting business in tho Houso of Com mons, Mr. H. H. Fowler, M.P., insists that if the decencies of debate aro lo ho ob served, tho power aud tho responsibility must ho placed in the hands of the Speaker. Archdeacon Farrar supplies A Last Word to Lord Rramivell's remarks ou Drink in a previous number, and while extending charity towards tho opinions of others, asks for a little charity shown by practical legislation for the widows who aro widows through drink, aud tho children who are fatherless, and for tho wretched ou whoso desecrated hearths drink kindles the very fires of liell. Captain Gas- coigne, who accompanied Sir Charles Wilson to within a milo of Khartoum, in the hope of re lieving Gordon, contributes a succinct account of tho voyage from Gnbat to (he junction of the two Niles, close to Omdnrman, and of all the iucidcnts which happened on tho way. Tho description shows that the dangers and diffi culties of the enterprise havo not been over estimated, aud that all reasonable despatch was used. Under tho title of tho True Scientific Frontier of India , Mr. John Slagg, M.P., ex presses the opinion that it is not ill England's power, either with or without allies, by an at tack upon Russia in Europe, to impede her progress in Central Asia. But oven if it were, ho hopes the days aro long past since a policy so revolting to tho reason and conscicnco of civilised humanity could bo carried into effect in a frco nation. For it would mean that Europe should be deluged with blood in order to obtain for the Turcoman a longer licence to earn ou his profession of slavo driving and cattle lifting. He dues not bcliorc for a moment that tho Russian Government medi tates any project so wild aud impossiblo as tho conquest of our Indian Empire. Iu case of any such attempt, England must meet a Russian invasion on Indian soil, or undertako the con quest and pacification of Afghanistan. The Admiralty is severely tukcu to task by Mr. H. O. Arnold Forsier for neglect of duty. He main tains that England's naval defences arc, and for a considerable timo past have been, totally inadequate to her requirements ; that in every branch of tho service there are grave defects, which may any day involve most serious dan gers. Writing of recent progress in biology, Professor Rav Lankester, who docs not think much of Koch's theory of bacteria and cholera, remarks that the progress of biological science in England is not so rapid as it would be were the country provided, as aro the Germans, French, Italians and Russians, with State- supported laboratories, in which investi gations would he conducted by salaried experts. Owing to the want of these, he says, our know ledge of bacteria, and their relation lo dis ease and to other important matters, such as putrefaction and fermentation, advances but slowly, aud many thou sands of persons die or suffer, who very probably might be spared were the know ledge more rapidly gained, which will, as it is, come in the course of long years. In the form of an Australian Appeal to the English Democracy Mr. Bernhard Wise, of Sydney, contributes to Jfacmittan some views of political questions from the New South Wales point of view. Ho regards the recent despatch of troops from New South Wales to Egypt as having brought tho question of Im perial union within the range of Australian politics, but he does not consider that it has re moved any one of the difficulties in the way of union. But, in his opinion, it is the first step which leads either to Imperial union or to separation. Having once surrendered the ad vantage oi our isolated position, we mnst henceforward he prepared cither to take a proper part in European affairs or to hold aloof. Ho points out that a German purchased cruiser or tho ships of tho Messageries Maritimes conld clear the sea of Australian commerce. Were this done., even for six months, he holds that the result ""to Australia would be national bankruptcy. A nation of less than 3,000,000 people cannot do a trade of £50, 000, 000 annually withont a _ free use . of borrowed capitaL WcroHbe supply/of ithia 'stopped, ?an45Wtre the wool clip, even of a singlo season, prevented from leaving onr shores, nearly every hank would have to closo its doors. Federalists mnst face this danger, and provide against it. Wero Australia independent, and England involved in war, wo could find other carriers for our goods, and it would be England that would suffer most front the disturbance of Australian commerce. It is ont of the question that wo should ever be at war upon onr own account, so that, if we wcro an independent nation, onr commerce wonld always be protected by tho laws of neutrality. Nevertheless, the writer thinks union with England is worth some sacrifice. Tho Enabling Bill, of course, has his entire disapproval, and ho holds peculiar views with refcrenco to the advance of. foreign powers in tho Pacific. Ho sees in the presence of tho Germans at New Britain and tho French at Now Caledonia and tho New Hebrides, not a source of danger to Australia, but tho moral advantages of having iu our neighborhood tho representatives of other civilisations, and great material blessings derived from this propinquity. Penal settlement as it is, Mr. Wise says of Now Caledonia, it has already caused a considerable increase in the volume of Australian trade, and a similar result must follow the establishment of every new settlement. Sydney being tho emporium of tho island trade, whatever develops commcrco in tho islands must increase tho wealth of Sydney. Foreign annexation, Mr. Wise adds, will also save Australia from another danger. Thoso tropical islands can only be worked by colored labor, and colored labor will bo n per-, manent sourco of disunion nnd difficulty to Australia. A foreigu power can face this danger, because it has no white settlements close by ; but workmen in Australia will never consent to be taxed for the government of coolie plantations. Tho Century and ITarpr.r are both exceed ingly well illustrated this month, and tho letter press is varied aud interesting. In tho former thero is a picturesque account of George Eliot's county — Warwickshire, somo rcadablo sketches of social life iu the American colonics in the early days, more reminiscences of the great civil war. and a further instalment of Heury James's serial story The Bostonians, Somo short stories, an historical notice of tho city of Buffalo, with its various institutions, a lively account of tho Montana cow boys, and a paper ou tho Mohammedans in India form the chief at tractions of Ilatpcr. 