TO THE EDITOB OP THE TA6SIA.VIAN’ NEWS. Sir,—If the Acts of Ritual which are being discussed in your columns wore only the harmless eccentricities of an .-esthetic tjiste given to church millinery, altar horticulture, and genuflexions, then one could well let them pass without comment. But it is notorious th at maoy of these ceremonies carry with them, not necessarily, yet almost universally, appalling superstition and bigotry. Take, for instance, the superstitious mystery with which the Eitonii8ts invest “ the central act of Divine worship” —the celebration of the Holy Euchaxist. I have before me their declaration of faith signed by twenty- «r tneir representative clergymen, a document which was presented by Archdeacon Denison to the New Primate of England on May 3 0 ,1SC7. From it I learn that they disclaim faith in the doctrine of transuhstantiation, yet they profess belief Mi a refinement of it. They affirm th*it in some mysterious and ineffable m anner "th o to d , end blood of r;aT S a v W j are preeent roaUy and tru ly " “ t " «■?. 6>™ f b read and wine 1 J i r o i i o f the consecration B- P0*'6/ of thc H°'y Ghost.” Here is a verae lTOU1 a hymn-book once uscd m Ail ciaints' Church, Margaret street, Loud on<— Wordrj&dc; flesh! Thy own word inikcth Very Lrcad thy flesL to Ijc ; nine, the Wood of Christ. J^conwth Wliot no Unman eye can see: lilclesia spirit X'aith wiU toach the mystery. The Ritualists must be miracle workers if they oan achieve such a feat as they claim to perform by the mere act of consecration. I had thought that all miracles bad ceased with the Apostolic era, and that they were never employed lo supersede truth, but simply to attest it. God’s TVord gives no sanction fora belief in Eiieb prestidigitation on the part of the celebrant at boly Coinniuninn. The claim to perform such logordcmaui is opposed both to Scripture r.nd reason. But the worst has yet to be told. Assumption before the “ altar ” is followed by assumption everywhere else. T l» rifor alistic clergyman is so exalted a person that lie cannot join hands with other Christian pastors and people to do common Christian work, for lie believes that the youngest curate “ who mumbles a sermon, which perhaps lie never wrote, is clerically better than the highest scholar and holiest saint who is not in the fictitious “ apostolical eucccsai'ia.” A well-known church dti. ynte is an instance of this. Thim worked smoothly enough in that church until a priestly pretender arrived could not meet the ministers other denominations even upon platform of the British and Foj Bible Society, because on Sundays he prayed ngainat nil heresy nnd schism J No wonder then that ptjest and presbyter cannot occupy the f.aum pulpit. The high church clergy stand aloof very often from temperance, rocial purity and other movements, when they nro founded upon a bread, uusectarian basis, preferring to work only in their own narrow denominational grooves. I often wonder whether these gentlemen and their lay followers expect to go to a ritualistic heaven reserved particularly for themselves, or a t least to one divided into denominational compartments like our modern cemeteries. My comm ent os Exodus IV, 31, in my tost letter, through a slip of uiy pen, is incorrect. I t should Lave b e e n T h e people very propcrly and ^reverently bowed their heads and worshipped before Moses, when they konw that God ;had appeared unto him. Thanking you for allowing me to protest against the folly and bigotry which ore too often, though not always, associated with the so-called " Acts of Ritual,”—Youi etc., KATH0LIK08. 