"I S A Y H O ! " OB, THE LOVE-LETTER ANSWERED. BOOK THE FIRST.—AT SCHOOL. Chatter I. the smuggled boppeb. Br Wilkie Collins. Outside tho bedroom the night was Mack aud still. Tho small rain f el1 to ° Eoftl y to t e hea F d in the garden'; not a leaf stirred in the airless calm; the watchdog was asleep, the cats were indoors—far or near, under the murky heaven, not a sound was stirring. Inside the bedroom thei night was black and still. Miss Ladd knew her business as a schoolmistress too well to allow night-lights; and Miss Ladd's young ladies were supposed to bo fast asleop in accordance with tho rulos of the house. Only at intervals tho silenco was faintly disturbed, when tho restless turning of one of the girls in her bod betrayed itself hy a gentle rustling between the sheets. In the long intervals of stillness, not even the softly audible breathing of young creatures asleep was to be heard. The first sound that told of life and movement revealed the mechanical movement of tho clock. Speaking from the lower Tegions, the tongue of Father Time told tho hour before midnight. A soft voice rose wearily near the door of the room. It counted the strokes of tlio clock, and reminded one of the girls of tho lapse of time. " Emily—eleven o'clock." There was no reply. After an interval the weary voice tried again, in louder tunes. " Emily!" A girl whose bed was at the inner end of the room sighed under the heat of the night, and said, in peremptory tones, " Is that Cecilia ?" " Yes." " What do you want ?" "I'm getting hungry, Emily. Is the The new girl answered, promptly and spitefully, " No, she isn't." Having a private objoctof their own in view, the five wise virgins of; Mrs. Ladd's first class had waited an hour, in wakeful anticipation of the. falling, asleep of the stranger—and it had ended in this way J A ripple of laughter ran round the room. The new girl, mortified and offended, entered her protest in plain words. " You are treating me shamefully 1 You all distrust .me, because I am a stranger." " Say we don't understand you," Emily answered, speaking for her: schoolfellows, " and you will be nearer the truth." : " Who expected you to understand mo, when I only came here to-day 1 I have told you already my name is Francine de Sor. If you want to know more, I'm 19 years old, and I come from the West Indies." Emily still took the lead. "Why do you come here ?" she asked. " Whoever heard of a girl joining a new school just before the holidays ? You are .19 years old, are you 1 I'm a year younger than you— and I have finished my education,. The next big girl in the room is a year younger than me—and she has finished her education. What can you possibly have left to learn at your age ?" " Eveiything 1" cried the stranger from the West Indies, with an outburst of tears. "I'm a poor ignorant creature. Your eduaction ought to have taught you to pity me instead of making fun of me. I hate you all. For shame, for shame I" Some of the girls laughed. One of them —the hungry girl who had counted the strokes of the clock—took Fiincine's part. "Mover mind their laughing,' Miss de Sor. You are quite right ; you have good reason to complain of us." Miss de Sor dried her eyos. " Thank you whoever you are," she answered briskly. " My name is Cecilia Wyvil," the other proceeded. "It was not,' perhaps, quite nice of you to say you hated us all. At the same time, we have forgotten our good brooding and the least we can do is to beg your pardon." This expression of general sentiment appeared to have an irritating effect on tho peremptory young person who took the roo f r m Perh - a P 3 she disapment parous tlade in *enti- J'A 1c 1011 you one th! ?? n & Cecilia," she SI' y° a shan't beat me in generosity. a h fM one of yon, and lay the blaine on me if Miss Ladd find's us out. I mean to shake hands with the :new girl— and how can I do it in the dark ? Miss de Sor, my name's Brown, and I'm queen of the bedroom. I—not Cecilia—offer our apologies if wo have offended you. Cecilia is my dearest friend, but I don't allow her to take the lead in the .room. Oh, what a lovely nightgown !' 1 . , , . . The sudden ,flow, of. candlelight had revealed Francine, sitting up in her bod and displaying such, treasures . of real lace over her bosom that; the queen .lpst all sense of royal dignity in irrepressible admiration. "Seven andsixpence,'.' fimily remarked, looking at her own nightgown, and despising it. One after another, the girls yielded to the attraction of the wonderful lace. Slim and plump, fair and dark, they circled round the new pupil in their* flowing white robes, and arrived by common consent at one and the same conclusion : How rich her father must bo !" Favoured by fortnno in the matter of money, was this enviable person possessed of beauty as well ? In the' disposition of the beds, Miss de Sor was placed between Cecilia on the right hand, and Emily on tho left. If, by some fantastic turn of events, a man—say, in tho interests of propriety, a married doctor, with Miss Ladd to look after him —had been permitted to enter the room, and had been avked what he thought of the girls when he came out, he would not even have mentioned Francine. Blind to the beauties of the expensive nightgown, ho would have noticed her long upper lip, her obstinate chin, her sallow complexion, her eyes placed too close together—and would have tuned his attention to her nearest neighbors. On one side, his languid interest would have been instantly roused by Cecilia's glowing auburn hair, her exquisitely pure skin," and her tender blue eyes. On the bther. he would have discovered a bright little creature, who would have fascinated and perplexed him at one and the same ' time, If he had been questioned' about her by a stranger, he would have been ait a loss to say positively whether she was dark or light. He would have remembered how her eyes had him, but he would not have known of what colour they were. Ard yet she would have remained a vivid picture in his memory when' other impressions, derived at thesame time/had vanished. "There was one little witch : am'ong : them who" was worth all the rest put together; and I can't tell you why. They called her Emily; If I wasn't a married man- 1 -—" There, he would have thought of'his wife, and would have sighed and said no more. While the girls were still admiring Francine, the clock struck the half-hour past 11. Cecilia stole on tiptoe to the doorlooked put, and listened—closed the door again, and addressed the meeting with the irresistible, charm of her sweet voice and her persuasivo smile. " Are none of you hungry yet ?" she inquired. " The teachers are safe in their rooms; we have set ourselves right with Francine. Why keep the supper waiting under Emily's bed ?" Such reasoning as this,'with such personal attractions to recommend it, admitted of but one reply. The queen waved her hand graciously, and said, " Pull it out." Is a lovely girl—whose face possesses the crowning charm of expression, whose slightest movement .reveals the supple symmetry of her figure—less lovuly because she is blessed with a good appetite, and is not ashained to acknowledge it! With a grace all hor own, Cecilia dived under tho bed, andproduccd a basket of jam tarts, a basket of fruit and sweetmeats, a basket of sparkling lemonade, and a superb cake all paid for by general subscription, and smuggled into tho room by kind connivance of tho servants. On tbis occasion,- the feast was especially plentiful and expensive, in commemoration not only of the arrival of the midsummer holidays, but of tho coming freedom of. Miss Ladd's two leading young ladies. M T ith .widely different destinies before thfeih, Emily and Cecilia had completed their School life, and were now to go out. into the world. The contrast in tho characters of the two girls showed itself, oven in such a trifle as the preparations for supper. Gentle Cecilia, sitting on tho floor sur- Toundod by good things, left it to the ingenuity of others to decide whether the baskets should be all emptied at once, or handed round from bed to bed, one at a time. In the meanwhile, her lovely blue eyes rested tenderly on the tarts. Emily's commanding spirit seized on the reins of government, and employed each of her schoolfellows in the occupation which she was fittest to undertake. " Miss de Sor, let me look at your hand. Ah! I thought so. You have got the thickest wri6t amongst us; you shall draw the corks. If you let the lemonade pop, not a drop goes down your tbroat. Eflie, Annis, Priscilla, you are three notoriously lazy girls; it's doing you a true kindness to set you to work. E9ie, clear the toilette-table for. supper; .- away wifh .the combs, the brushes, and the looking-glass. Annis, tear up that old newspaper, and set the pieces out neatly, for dishes and plates. No; I'll unpack; nobody touches the basket but. me. . Priscilla, you have tho ears quickest in tho room. You shall act as sentinel, my dear, and listen at the door. Cecilia, when you have done devouring those tarts with your eyes, take that pair of scissors—(Miss de Sor, allow me to apologise for the mean manner in which tbis school is carried on ; the knives and forks are counted and locked up every night)—I say take that pair of scissors, Cecilia, and carve the cake, and don't keep the' largest bit for yourself. Are we all ready? Very well. Now take example by me. Talk as much as you like so long as you •don't talk too loud. There is one other tiling before we begin. Tho men always propose toasts on these occasiuns; let's ho like the men. Can any of you make a speech ? Ah, it falls on me, as usual. I propose tho first toast, ' Down with all schools and teachers—especially the new teacher, who came this half- year.' Oh, mercy ! how it stings!" The fixed gas in tho lemonade took the orator at that moment by the throat, and effectually checked tho flow of her cloqucucc. It made no difference to the girls. Excepting the case of feeble stomachs, who cares for eloquence in the presenco of a supper table? There were no feeble stomachs in that bedroom. With what inexhaustible energy Mis* Ladd's young ladies ate and drank ! llow merrily they enjoyed the delightful privilege of talking nonsense ! And—alas! alas I— howvairily they tried, in after life, to renew the once unalloyed enjoyment of tarts and lemonade 1 In .tlie unintelligible .scheme of creation there appears to be no hum in happinessnot even the tiappinoss of school girlswhich is ever complete. Just as it was drawing to a close, the enjoyment of tho feast was interrupted by an alarm from the sentinel at the door. " Put out the candle!" Priscilla whispered. " Somebody,on the stoirs." Chapter II. BIOGRAPHY IN THE BEDROOM. The candle was instantly extinguished. In discreet silence the girls stole back to their beds, and listened. As an aid to the vigilance of the sentinel, the door had been left ajar. Through tho narrow opening, a creaking of the broad wooden stairs of the old house became audible. In another moment there was silence. An interval passed, and the creaking was heard again. This time the sound was distant and diminishing. On a sudden it stopped. The midnight silence was disturbed no more. What did this mean ? Had one among the many persons in authority under Miss Ladd's roof heard the girls talking, and ascended the stairs to surprise them in the act of violating one of the rules of the house ? So far, such a proceeding was by no means uncommon. But was it withiu the limits of probability that a teacher should alter her opinion of her own duty half-way up the stairs, and deliberately go back to her room again? Tho bare idea of such a thing was absurd on the face of it. What more rational explanation could ingenuity discover on tho spur of the moment. Francine was the first to offer a suggestion. She shook and shivered in her bod, and said, " For Heaven's sake, light the candle again 1 It's a ghost." " Clear away the supper, you fools, before the ghost can report us to Miss Ladd." With this excellent advice Emily checked the rising panic. The door was closcd, tho candle was lit, all traces of the supper dis appeared. For five minutes more they listenod again. No sound came from the stairs ; no teacher, or ghost ot a teacher, appeared at the door. Having oaten her supper, Cecilia's immediate anxieties were at an end ; she was at leisure to exert her intelligence for the benefit of her schoolfellows. In her gentle, ingratiating way, she offered a composing suggestion. " When we heard the creaking I don't believe there was anybodv on the stairs. In these old houses there are always strange noises at night—and they say the stairs hero were made more than a hundred years since." The girls looked at each other with a sense of relief, but they waited to hear the opinion of the queen: Emily, as usual, justified the confidence placed in her. She discovered an ingenious method of putting Cecilia's suggestion to the test. " Let's go on talking," she said. " If Cecilia is right, the teachers are all asleep, and we have nothing to fear from them. If she's wrong, we shall sooner or later see one of them at the door. Don't be alarmed, de Sor. Catching us talking at night, in this school, only means a reprimand. Catching us with a light ends in punishment. Blow out the candle." Francine's belief in the ghost was too sincerely superstitious to be shaken. She started up in bed. " Oh, don't leave mo in the dark ! I'll take the punishment if we are found out." On your sacred word of honor ?" Emily stipulated. "Yes—vos !" The queen's sense of humor was tickled. " There's something funny," she remarked, addressing her subjects, " in a big girl like this coming to a new school, and beginning with a punishment. May I ask if you are a foreigner, Miss de Sor ?" " My papa is a Spanish gentleman," Francine answered with dignity. " And your mamma ?" " My mamma is English." " And you have always lived in the West Indies ?" " I havu always lived in the island of San Domingo." Emily checked off on her fingers tho different points thus far discovered in the character of Mr. de Sor's daughter. " She's ignorant, and superstitiosu, and foreign, and rich. My dear (forgive the familiarity), you are an interesting girl—and we must really know more of you. Entertain the bedroom. What have you been about all your life ? And what, in the name of wonder, brings you here? Stop! .Before you begin, I insist on one condition, in the name of all the young ladies in tho room. No useful information about the West Indies!" Francine disappointed her audience. She was ready enough to make herself an object, nf in'rivst tu her companions ; but sha u as liuL possessed uf the capacity to arrange events in their proper order necessary to the recital of the simplest narrative. Emily was obliged -to help her by means of questions. In one respect, the result justified tho trouble taken to obtain it. A sufficient reason was discovered for the extraordinary appearance of a hew pupil on the day before the school closed for the holidays. Mr. de Sor's social position at San Domingo had been (to use his daughter's words) the position of " a small planter— too poor to send to France or England for a governess. 1 ' The mother's health was delicate ; and tho mother's interest centred in her only other child—a son, bom in the later years of her married life. From first to last, Francine (in her own opinion) had been shamefully neglected. Six months since, the prospects of the family had changed for the better on the death of a bachelor relative. Mr. de Sor's brother bad left him one of the finest estates in San Domingo, and a fortune in money as well, on the one easy condition that he continued to reside in the island. The question of expense being now beneath the notice of the family,. Francine had been sent to England, specially recommended to Miss Ladd as a young lady with grand prospects, sorely in need of a fashionable education. Tho voyage had been so timed, by advice of the schoolmistress, as to make the holidays a means of obtaining this object privately. Francine was to be taken to Brighten, where excellent masters could be obtained to assist Miss Ladd. "With six weeks before her, she might in some degree make up for lost time; and, when the school opened again, she would avoid the mortification of being put down in tho lowest class, along with the children. The examination of Miss de Sor having produced these results, was: pursued no further. Her character now appeared in a new and not very attractive light. She audaciously took to herself the credit of telling her story. " I think it is my turn, now," she said, " to be interested and amused. May I ask you to begin, Miss Emily t All I know of you at present is that your family name is Brown." Emily held up her hand for silence. Was the mysterious creaking on the stairs making itself heard once more ? No. The sound that had caught Emily's quick ear came from the beds on the opposite side of the room occupicd by tho three lazy girls. With no new alarm to disturb them, Effie, Amiis, and Prisoilla had gelded to the' composing influences of a good supper and a warm night. They were fast asleep—and the fattest of the three (softly, as beoame a young lady) was snoring I The unblemished reputation of the bed' loom was dear to Emily in her capacity of queen. She felt herself humiliated in the prosence of the new pupil. " If that girl ever gets a sweetheart," she said indignantly, " I shall consider it my duty to warn the poor man before he marries her. Her ridiculous name is Euphemia. have christened her (far more appropriately) Boiled "Veal. No color in her hair, no color in her eyes, no color in her complexion. In short, no flavor in Eupbemia. You naturally object to snoring. Pardon me if I turn my back on you—I am going to throw my slipper at her.'' The soft voice of Cecilia—suspiciously drowsy in tone—interposed in the interest of mercy. " She can't help it, poor thing; and she really isn't loud enough to disturb us." " She won't disturb you, at any rate Rouse yourself, Cecilia. We are wide awake on this side of the room—and Francino says it's our turn to amuse her." A low murmur, dying away gently in a sigh, was the only answer. Sweet Cecilia had yielded to the somnolent influences of the supper and the night. The soft infection of repose seemed to be in some danger of communicating itself to Francino. Her large mouth opened luxuriously in a Ion: continued yawn. " Good- night!" said Emily. Miss de Sor became wide awake in an instant. " No," she said, positively, " you are quite mistaken if you think I am going to sleep. Please exert yourself, Miss Emily —I am waiting to be interested." Emily appeared to be unwilling to exert herself. She became interested in the weather. " Isn't the wind rising ?" 6he said. There could be no doubt of it. The leaves in the garden were beginning to rostle, and the pattering of the rain sounded on the windows. Francine (as her straight chin proclaimed to all students in physiognomy) was an obstinate girl. Determined to carry her point, she tried Emily's own system on Emily herself—she put questions. " Have you been long at tbk school ?" " More than three years." " Have you got any brothers and sisters!' " I am an only child." " Are your father and mother alive I" Emily suddenly raised herself in her bed. " Wait a minute," she said; " I think I hear it again." " The creaking of the stairs ?' " Yes." Either she was mistaken, or the change for the worse in the weather made it not easy to hear slight noises in the house. The wind was still rising. The passage of it through the great trees in the garden began to sound like the fall of waves on a distant beach. It drove the rain—a heavy downpour by this time—rattling against the windows. " Almost a storm, isn't it ?" Emily Baid. Francine'e last question had not been answered yet. She took the earliest opportunity of repeating it: "Never mind the weather," she said. "Tell me about your father and mother. Are they both alive ?" Emily's reply only related to one of her parents. "My mother died before I was old enough to feel my loss." "And your lather?" Emily referred to another relative—her father's sister. " Since I have grown up," she proceeded, " my good aunt has been a second mother to me. My stoiy is, in one respect, the reverse of yours. You are unexpectedly rich. My aunt's fortune Was to have been my fortune, if I outlived her. She has been ruined by the failure of a bank. In her old age, «he must live on' an income of a.hundred a year—and I must get my own living when I leave school." "Surely your father can help you 1" Francine persisted: • "'His property is landed property." Her voice faltered, as she referred to him, oven in that indirect manner. " It is entailed; his nearest male relative inherits it." ' The delicacy which is easily discouraged was not one of the weaknesses in the nature of Francine. "Do I understand that your father is doad?" she asked. ^)ur thick skinned fellow-creatures have the rest of us at their mercy j only give them time and they carry their point in the end. In sad, subdued tones—telling of deeply-rooted reserves of feeling, seldom revealed to strangers — Emily yiblded at lasti " Yes/' she said,my father is dead." " Long ago 1" " Some people might think it long ago, I was very fond of my father. It's nearly four years since he died, and my heart still aches when I think of him. I'm not easily depressed by troubles, Miss do Sor. But death was sudden—he was in his grave when I first heard of it—and Oh, * was so good to me ; ho was so good to 3 !'' The gay, high- spirited little creature, who took the lead among them all—who was the life and soul of the school—hid her face in her hands and burst out crying. Startled and — to do her justice — ashamed, Francino attempted to make excuses. Emily's generous nature passed over the cruel persistency that had tortured her. " No, no; I bavo nothing to forgive. It isn't your fault. Other girls have got mothers and brothers and sisters—and get reconciled to such a loss as mine. Don't make excuses." " Yes, but I want you to know that I feel for you," Francine insisted, without the slightest approach to sympathy in face, voice, or manner. "When my uncle died and left UG all the money, papa was much shockcd. He trusted to timo to help him." " Time has been long about it with me, Francine. I am afraid thoro is something perverse in my nature; the hope of mooting again in a better world seems so faint and so far away. No more of it now I Let us talk of that good creature who is on the other side of you. Did I tell you that I must earn my own bread when I leave school 1 Well, Cecilia has written home and found employment for me. Not a situation as governess— something quite out of the common way. You shall hear all about it." In the brief interval that had passed the weather had begun to change again. The wind was as high as ever; but, to judge by the lessening patter on the windows, the rain was passing away. Emily began. She was too grateful to her friend and schoolfellow, and too deeply interested in her stoiy, to notice the air of indifference with which Francine settled herself on her pillow to hear the praise of Cecilia. The most beautiful girl in the school was not an object of interest to a young lady with an obstinate chin, and unfortunately-placed eyes. Pouring warm from the speaker's heart the stoiy ran smoothly on, to the monotonous accompaniment of the moaning wind. By fine degrees, Francine's eyes closed, opened, and closed again. Towards the latter part of the narrative Emily's memory became, for the moment only, confused between two events. She stopped to consider—noticed Francine's silence, in an interval when she might have said a word of encouragement—and looked closer at her. Miss de Sor was asleep. " She might have told me she was tired," Emily said to herself quietly. "Well! the best thing I can do is to put out the light and follow her example." As she took up the extinguisher, the bedroom door was suddenly opened from the outer side. A tall woman, robed in a ssing gown, stood on the threshold, looking at Emily. CHAPTER IJL THE LATE ME. BBOWN. The woman's loan, long-fingered hand pointed to the candle. " Don't put it out." Saying those words, she looked round the room and satisfied herself that the other girls were asleep. Emily laid down the extinguisher. " You mean to report us, of course," she said. "I am the only one awake, Miss Jcthro; lay the blame on me." " I have no intention of reporting you. But I have something to say." She paused, and pushed her thick black hair (already streaked with grey) back from "her temples. Her oyes, large and dark and dim, rested on Emily with a sorrowful interest. " When your young friends wake to -morrow morning," she went on, "you can tell them that the now teacher, whom nobody likes, has left the school." For once even quick-witted Emily was bewildered. "Going away!" she said, 'when you Lave only been hero since Easter." Miss "Jethro .advanced, not noticing' Emily's expression of surprise.' "1 am not very strong at the best of times," she continued; "may I sit down on your bod ?" Kemarkable on other occasions for her cold composure, her voice trembled as she made that request-^ strange request surely when there wore chairs at her dis- P °Emily made room for her with the dazed look of a girl in a dream. "I beg your pardon, Miss jothra; one of the things I can't endure is being puzzled. If you don't mean to report us, why did you come in and catch me with the light ?" Miss Jethro's explanation was far from relieving the perploxity which her conduct had caused. "I have been moan enough,' she answered, " to listen at the door, and I heard you talking of your father. I want to hear more about your father. That is why I came in." " You knew my father!" Emily exclaimed: I believe I know him; but his name is so common—there are so many thouof "James Browns" in England— that I am in fear of making a mistake. I heard you say that he died nearly four years since. Can you mention any par- ticulars which might help to enlighten me ? If you think I am taking a liberty " Emily stopped her. " I would help you if I could," she said; " but I was in poor health at the time, and I was staj'ing with friends far away in Scotland to try change of air. Tho news of my father's death brought on a relapse. Weeks passed before I was strong enough to travel; weeks and weeks before I saw his grave. I can only tell you what I know from my aunt. Ho died of heart complaint." Miss Jethro started. Emily looked at her for the first time with eyes that betrayed a feeling of distrust. " What have I said to startle you ?" she asked. " Nothing; I am nervous in stormy weather. Don't notice me." She went on abruptly with her inquiries, " Will you tell mo the date of your father's death ?" " Tho date was the 30th of September nearly four years 6ince." She waited, after that reply. Miss Jethro was silent. " And this," Emily continued, "is the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and eighty-one. You can now judge for yourself. Did you know my father ?" Miss Jethro answered mechanically, using the same words. " I did know your father." Emily's feeling of distrust was not set at rest. " I never heard him speak of you," she said. In her younger days the teacher must have been a handsome woman. Her grandly-formed features still suggested the idea of imperial beauty—perhaps Jewish in its origin. Not the faintest change had disturbed tho composure of her face until Emily said, "I never heard him speak of you." Then the pallid colour flew into her cheeks—her dim eyes became alive again with a momentary light. She left her seat on the bed, and, turning away, mastered the emotion that shook her. How hot the night is," she said, and sighed, and resumed the subject with a steady countenance. " I am not surprised that your father never mentioned me to you—" She said it quietly, but her face was paler than over. She sat down again on the bed. " Is there anything I can do for you," slio asked, " before I go away ? Oh, I only mean some trifling service that would lay you under no obligation, and would not oblige you to keep up your acquaintance with mo." Her eyes—the dim black oyes that must once have been irresistibly beautiful—looked at Emily so sadly that the generous girl reproached herself for having doubted her lather's friend. "Are you thinking of him," she said gently, " when you ask if you can bo of service to me." Miss Jethro made no direct reply. "You were fond of your father ?" she said faintly, in a whisper. "You told your schoolfellow that your heart still acbes when you speak of him." " I only told ber the truth," Emily answered, simply. Miss Jethro shuddered—on that hot night!—Bhudderod as if a chill had struck her. Emily hold out hor hand—the kind feeling that had been roused in her glittered prettily in her eyes. " I am afraid I have not done you justice," she said. "Will you forgive me and 6hake hands!" Miss Jethro rose and drew back. "Look at the light!" she exclaimed. The candle was all but burnt Qut. Emily still offered her hand—and still Miss Jethro refused to see it. " There is just light enough left," she said, " to show my way to'the door. Goodnight—and good-bye." Emily caught at~her dress, and stoppod her. "Why won't you shako hands with mie ?" she asked. The wick of the candle fell iover in the socket, and left them in the dark. Emily resolutely hold tho : teacher's dress. With or without light, she was still bent on making Miss Jethro explain .herself. They had throughout spoken in guarded tones, fearing to disturb the sleeping girls. The sudden darkness had .its inevitable effect. Their voices sank to whispers now. "My father's friend," Emily pleaded, "is alirely my friend!" " Drop tho subject." '* Why ?" " You can never I 30 my friend." " Why not ?" " Let me go." Emily's sense of self-respect forbade hot to persist any longer. "I beg your pardon for having kept you here against your will," sho said—and dropped her hold on the dress. Miss Jethro instantly yioldcd on her side. " I am sorry to have boon obstinate," sho answered. " If you do despise mo, it is, after all, no more than I have deserved." ilor hot breath beat on Emily's face ; the unhappy woman must have bent over the, bed as she mado he? confession. " I am not a fit person lor you to associate with." " I don't believe it!" Miss Jethro sighed bitterly. "Young and warm-hearted! I was once like you !" Sho controlled the outburst of despair. Her next words wero spoke in steadier tones. " You will have it—you shall have it J" she said. " Some one (in this house or out of it, I don't know which) has botrayed me to the mistress of the school. A wretch in my situation suspects everybody, and worse still, does it without reason or excuse. I heard you girls talk' ing when you ought to have been asleep. You all dislike me. How did I know it mightn't be one of you ? Absurd 'to ' 9 person with a well-balanced mind! I went halfway up the stairs, and felt ashamed of myself, and went back to my room. If I could only have got some rest. Ah, well it was not to be done. My own vile suspicions kept me awake J I left my bed again. You know •' what I heard the other side of that- doof,- and why I was interested 'in hearing it. Your father never told ine be had a daughter. ' Miss Brown,' at this school, what was any ' Miss Brown' to me ? I had no idea of who you really were until tonight. I'mwandering. Whatdoesall this matter to you ? Miss Ladd has becn : merciful ; she lets me go without exposing me. You can guess what has happened. No? Not even yet? Is it innocence or kindness that makes you so slow to understand ? My dear, I have obtained admission to this respectable house by means of false references, and I have been discovered. Now you know why you must not bo the friend of such a 'woman as I am ! Once more, good-night—and good-bye." • Emily shrank from that miserable farewell. "Bid me good-night,". she said, " but don't bid me good- bye. Lot me seo you again." "Never!" > The sound of the softly-closed door was.' just audible in the . darkness. She bad spoken; sho had gone, never to bo 'seen by Emily again. *. * ' *.'.".*.. .' # Miserable, interesting, unfathomable creature—the problem that night of Emily's ' waking thoughts; the phantom of her ' dreams. "Bad? or good!" she asked herself " False; for she told me tho tale of her own disgrace. : A friend of my father; and she never knew that he had a daughter. Refined, accomplished, lady-like;' and she.. stoops to use a false reference. Who is to reconcile such contradictions as these ?" i Dawn looked in at the window—^dawn of tho memorable day which was, for Emily, the beginning of a new life. Tho "years were before her; and the years in.their course reveal baffling mysteries of life and : death. '" (To be continued.) ; " DON'T DIE IN THE HOUSE.—" Bough'on BaU'.' clears (rat rats, mice, beetles, roaches, bed-bugs, flics, ants, insects, moles, jack- xabbite,.f;ophcra. Moses,"Moss, and .Co., Sydney, Agents.—[AJJYT.1 FROM Naples we learn that a contract has been signed by which. the municipality of • Puzzuoli cedes to the firm of Armstrong an . of 250,000 square yards on tbe shore opposite the Island of Nissida, for the erection of large foundries for guns and-lor the pro- * duction of armour-plates. Tbe establishment or thesu work* will give employment to thousands of workmen. 