Odd Notes. By a ' Bohemian.' : (From Tht Week.) The prospoot of war between England and Bussia being declared any day, or any hour for the matter of that, has been the all-absorbing topic of tho week. Everybody is talking of it, ?and (13 tho probabilities of suoh an outbreak Boom to increase day by day, the seriousness of tho inipouding danger forces itself upon the attention of all classes in u very marked manner. A very noticeable thing is that there is nothing now heard of that cook-a-doodle-doo crowing on their own dunghill which was indulged in so freoly by :;cmo of our bellicose follow colo nists a few weoks ago, when the sending of a New South Wales contingent first excited tho war fever. If it is neoos-ary for our dtizon soldiors to fight, I havo no doubt in my own mind that they will do so as British sol diors almost invariably do, but if tho whole force was polled at tho present moment I dare hazard a bet. that nine out of every ten would vote in favour of tho Russians putting off their invasion of theso shores until next year, or tho year after, so as to givo them time to lenrn thoir drill and be bettec prepared to engage an ?enemy. Not that there is much danger .. of an invasion by the Russians. The ... latter will want all their spare sol 7T diers on the frontiers of Afghanistan, and their sailors will be too much oooupiod in looking out for and keeping out of the way of British warahip3 to come fooling round Australian ports. The greatest injury likely ?to be done to these colonies by suoh a war ?would bo the stoppage or partial stoppage of 'trade between here and Europe, and the re ?straiuing of enterprise in all directions, which may lead to a finanoial crisis. But the most (remarkable thing in connection with the ex -eitement is that the M'llwraith party are .already trying to moke out that if our Colonial 'Treasurer is not responsible for tho war, he is -clearly and undoubtedly responsible for any ?injury it may inflict upon this colony through not floating the ton million loan and get ting the ten millions safely lodged in -the Brisbane banks at call. This, it is said, ???with as much truth as wisdom, would have ?enabled this colony to oarry on splendidly all ??through the war without feelinjr any ill effects 'therefrom. How our Colonial Treasurer was to perform such on unheard of financial feat ; -where the mouey could have all been put for ? safe keeping if ho had performed it ; where the ilnterest on such an enormous sum was to- come ?from while the money was lying idfc- and Ihow any considerable portion of it could be profitably expended for another year or snore, seeing that there is a million odd still 'available out of the old loan, are insignificant ?questions of -detail that these objectors da not .condescend 'to discuss and explain. 3ut notwithstanding the wars and rumours of wars with which the very air seems thick just now, the Premier, the Colonial Trea .surer, and the Minister for Lands, have been gallivanting off to Maryborough to celebrate the election of the Hon. B. S. iloretoa, and cement afresh tho bonds of union between the Ministry and the Wide Bay and Burnett ' bunch,' if the thing be at al$ possible. Any love the bunch nny have for the present Ministry i3, I fancy, mostly ' cup board lovo,' and their gratitude, and those of the people they represent, is a lively sense of favour* to come, which for convenience they call ' just claims,' but !his is nothing new or strange, and not by any means peculiar to that part of tho colony. Moreover, the present Ministry is regarded as a more squeezable one than the last, if they ore only manipulated in the right way, and Sheridan and Annear know how to work the oracle as well as here and there ono. What is wanted just now — having secured a railway to 6-ympie, another to the Bumun, for the sole benefit of a few private ?coal mine proprietors — is to get the direct line from Maryborough to Gayndah commenced with all speed, before the line from Gympie to Brisbane is undertaken, to have the -timber regulations abolished, and a heavy import duty imposed on timber from outside ?tho colony ; to have the Mary river dredged, and a few other little matters of that sort fixed up and made secure. The Minister for Works did not go up, whiohis to be regretted, perhaps, beoause he could have rendered great assistance to the Premier in the way of receiv ing and answering deputations, and moat likely would havo thrown a little life and variety into the whole business. If my old friend Miles shines in one thing moro than another it is in tho happy way he has of meeting deputations about railways and railway routes, or tho undertaking of looal public works in some par ticular locality which he thinks can very well afford to wait. Then the speflch he would have made at the banquet would, I venture to s»y, have been quite a different kind of a speech to the one which the Colonial Treasurer m*de. It is a thousand pities Miles did not go up to the Maryborough celebrations. All my speculations about what tho Hon. George Thorn would do in Parliament when ho tookhisseatasmember for the Burnett have been imSaly upset and rendered utterly worthless by .a Bimple little acoident. There was not enough votes polled by the Hon. George's supporters to get him returned. How it happened has not been explained, and perhap3 is not oxplain lahlo in any manner that would be quite uatis : factory to him. But the ugly f aot remains all .the same. Moreton lioked him by just two to ?ona ot tho polls. Surely there wore a sufficient numbsr of names on the Burnett roll to havo mado a bettor show than that. Year,? ago the hon. gentleman would have minaged a ma jority easily enough out of ^such a roll, and with proper arrangements. Certainly the polling placeB are rather wide apart, and it appears, from what I hear, that Moreton's scrutineers wore keeping a sharp lookout for dead and abjent men. Still thore were several polling places within riding' distance from 9 ULtil 5 o'clock lost Friday, and if all my young friend's supporters had acted on tho time-honoured electioneering maxim to 'po'l early and pill often,' ho wouldhavetriumphed overMoroton, and. his beaming countenance would have again been seen in the Legislative As sembly. How is it? Has his right hand lost its cunning in the electioneering lino? Has tho Honourable George's political star ?set — gone dowu /or ever troin thu Queensland firmament ? It looks very much like it. An old friend gave mo a list the other day of Queensland politicians who, during tho past twenty yeara, Btarted as Liberals, mado a very fair show of becoming leading niun, ratted to ,tho other sido, and have dropped completely out of tho running in consequence. There wore just a level twenty names on the list, and ' if I were to publish it, whioh would not bo loir, and in some cases would bo cold-bloodod cruelty into the bargain — you, my intelligent reader, if you have been in the colony for tho «,;!???'? timo mentioned, would say at onoo that, with the excuption of the Hon. Georgo, not ono of thoao men stand » ghost of a chance of ovor .representing a Queensland constituency again. la the Hon. George on excoption ? Tho flutter in our legal oiroles as to who was to be appointed judge in tho room of tho late 3£r. Justice Pringia all over. The Govern ment had a 'dark horse,' to use a sporting phrase, whom they brought forward at tho last moment, and he won in a cantor. The Hon. 0 S. Mcin, late Minister for Publio Instruction, is tne lucky man to whom the prize has boon awarded. I havo no objeotion myself. I havo known C.S. for a good many years now, aud ho is not by any means a bad sort. 1 think ho will bo ablo to maintain the dignity of the position in a becoming manner. If I did object to tho appointment it would amount to about the same thing I suppose, but that is neither here nor there. My only feeling is ono of deep sorrow and profound sympathy for the junior barristers here, whom this appoint ment has cruelly injurod. You seo thoro are about four loading barristora in Brisbano, who nab all tho big prize briefs. Griffith gots tho lion's share and after him Pat Real. As the politioal position held by Griffith made it some what unreasonable to expeot that ho would take the vaoant feat on the judioial bonoh although by rights he ought to have done so — hia clear duly was to give it to Real, and thus leavo a clanco to some of the juniors to come in and si'eur.) u share of his luorative pructico. Tho whole i hing, from a junior barrister's point of view at all events, is go dear and .simple I lint tho wjnder is Griffith did not see it and act upon it at once. How would he have liked it when he was a junior barrister, I shouli like to know ? And he alway pretends to have such a profound regard for tho otiquetto of the profession, toD ! But this iB a cold and hollow world after all. Tho very first chance ho had of demonstrating 1mm regard for the profession to which he belongs he just went and appointed a solicitor us Puisne Judge and left all tho barristers, senior and junior, out in tho cold. I call it little bettor than a deliberate insult. The publio who have to do business at the Supromo Court may, and probably will, be as satisfied with Mein hs with Pat Real, or oven rather more so ; but what have tho public to do with a purely professional question like this? Echo answers, What, indeed ! or word* lo that effect. 