? ♦ ? MENTAL HEALING IN BOSTON, U.S.A. [From a Correspondent of the London Times.] Boston, Mass., May 11. This city has become the headquarters of a religio-metaphysical furore, which within a few months has infected so many people of all classes in New England that the mental contagion is almost sure to spread bey and American limits. The science of mental heal ing — nothing that originates in Boston is less than a science or an art — is the ambitious name of the movement which its leaders have assumed. The nress of the countrv find freauent occasion to make sharp allusions to the 'Boston mind-cure craze,' but it is a long time since any local paper has been so indis creet as to make slurring references to the new pathology. Absurd and idiotic as are some of the ideas which the prophets of the system advance, the movement has far outgrown the limits of a popular but temporary craze. The ' wonderful cures' of the mental healers have been so persistently proclaimed that a large proportion of average Bostonians are willing at least to admit that 'there is something in it.' Hundreds claim to have been bene fited in varying degree by mind-cure treat ments. Many such become themselves healers, and thus the new idea has spread. Just now the religious features of the new departure more prominently engross public attention, and clergymen of all denominations are seriously considering how to deal with what they regard as the most dangerous innovation that has threatened the Christian church in this region for many years. Scores of the rncst valued church members are joining the Christian scientist branch of the metaphysical organisation, and it has thus far been impossible to check the defection. It is a movement far-reaching in its influences, and including many thousands among its sympathisers, whose ordinary good intelligence entitles their judgment to respect. A study, therefore, of the_ details of the novel scheme becomes at once interesting and soon fascinating. Here is a familiar Boston parlor scene ; two ladies sit a little way apart in Quaker- meeting silence for perhaps twenty minutes. The face of one is as hotly flushed as if she had been in dulging in violent exercise, physical instead of mental. The other, the patient, ap parently dozes in her chair. Externally this is all that constitutes a mind-cure treatment, to which hundreds hereabouts are daily submitting. The fundamental idea that underlies the system of mental healing is that there is no such thing as sickness. Disease, eay the mental healers, is an error of the mind, the result of fear. This startling hypothesis entails some very strange and absurd conclu sions. The leader of one of the factions, for there are several in sharp rivalry one with another, gives theBe instructions for healing : — ' Reason in your mind that God made every thing good. He is not the author of disease. Therefore, as disease is not a creation it has no existence, but it is merely a delusion of the mind, the efiwt of fear, Fear is faith in verted and perverted. You are to gain the confidence of your patient ; make him tell you the cause of what he thinks is his disease. But with your clearer mind you see that it is not sickness at all. You attain the power of healing by dwelling mentally upon the truth and wisdom of God, and thus the faith of the healer meeting the fear of the patient produces a chemical change in the fluids of the system which results in health.' Many invalids are naturally willing to accept this' or any other eophistry in explanation of cures if they themselves are physically benefited. But among the intelligent people in every day life who axe studying the mind cure theories and to a greater or less extent are testing them, the ideas of the teachers are very much modified. Indeed, hardly any two have just the same conception of the 'science.' One lady believes that to be a consistent healer one must be a Universalist in religious faith. Another insists that the minds of her patients shall be made entirely free from guile, and accordingly she asks for a full statement of their lives. Many persons who study the system renounce all religious and superstitious ideas in connexion with it, but recognise the physical phenomena, which they do not attempt to explain, and practise the art as successfully as any. A lady in Hyde Park, Massachusetts, who takes this position, says she finds herself possessed of a power over many serious ills which she hardly knows how to use. She says she prays earnestly and the ailment of the sufferer seems to be transferred to herself. Then she is able easily to throw it off. She does not know whether to call it mind-cure, faith- cure, or magnetism. Some operators say they use no will power, but simply keep before their mindsanimagp^nerferA. hftiUik. -t/lners exertthe will intensely to drag out the disease, as it were, by main force. To be consistent the leading mind-cure theorists have to maintain some very absurd ideas. Poisons, they say, would be harmless if the fear of them were removed. Children, they explain, are affected because of unconscious hereditary fear. Mrs. Mary B. G. Eddy, leader of the Christian scientist division of mental healers, claims that her husband, who died three or four years ago, was murdered by an enemy among the Scientists who 'thought arsenic into him.' Some of these queer enthusiasts maintain that mental influ ence does not recognise distance, and that therefore the presence of the patient under treatment is not necessary. Another Hyde Park lady has an intimate friend in Sacramento, California, who a few months ago was given up by physicians to die of inflammatory rheumatism. It was arranged by mail that at 3 o'clock, Boston time, on certain days the invalid should submit herself mentally to the treatment of her friend in Hyde Park. It is claimed that ^improvement was immediate, and that within a month the Eatient was able to visit San Francisco with er husband. Another lady in treating absent patients puts a doll in a chair upon which to fix her mind in lieu of the sick person. Most of the mental healers pro fess contempt for the laws of hygiene. They bid their patients eat what they please and act as they please. Mrs. Eddy, however, makes the proviso that they must be of strong faith that what they eat and do will not harm them. So much for means and methods. When the enquirer attempts to in vestigate the actual accomplishments under the new pathology he encounters a vast array of witnesses and testimony. But after attempt ing to sift the evidence it is impossible to return a sweeping and decisive verdict. It would be useless to deny that, under the influence of the mind-curing practitioners, beneficial and in some cases remarkable results are attained. It is not surprising that they are able to 'cure' hypochon driacs, whose ills exist only in imagina tion, and it is easy to understand that their peculiar influence is more potent than that of medicine in cases of certain disorders of mental and nervous origin. But when more mar vellous cures are claimed the average sceptic falls back on Dr. Peabody's assertion that a physician's success depends upon the degree in which he possesses the confidence of his patient. Complete harmony of mind and con fidence in any remedial agency is a more potent factor in any case than most people, even medical practitioners, gene rally recognise. This fact is the real secret of the mind-cure craze, and with a foundation so substantial it is. after all, hardly wonderful that so vast and fantastic a structure has been erected. Investigation of any of the miracles which it is claimed are ?wrought is unsatisfactory. Although cases are cited by the hundred of alleged cures of paralysis, cancer, tumor, consumption, rheuma tism, scarlet fever, spinal complaint, nervous disorders, and minor complaints, there appears \- to have been no genuine, scientific test of the system. There is testimony in abundance, radical, positive, and undoubtedly honest from people who claim to have been cured by the new agency [of organic disease of long standing ; but investigation develops so many weak or incredible points that close analysis is almost always unsatisfactory in its results. Illustra tions might be detailed by the score, bat a single well- authenticated case will suffice. A prominent dentist of this city fell and severely injured his knee. He sent for a surgeon of good repute, who examined the limb and diagnosed a fracture, saying that he could '? plainly detect the grating of the broken edges ; of the bone against each other. The patient - was properly treated, and was advised to ' reconcile himself to several week's confinement. ? But, yielding to the importunities of his wife, he allowed her to call .in a mind-cure prac titioner. He treated ' the injured man : according to the tenets of the new school, and tried to persuade him that he was not really hurt. Finally, he induced him to eret un and walk, which he did, at first with difficulty but soon with comparative ease. The dentist walked into the office of the surgeon who first attended him the next morning;, and the doctor thought for a moment that he saw a ghost. This case is naturally reckoned a great triumph of mental-healing over old- fashioned methods. The old-school surgeon, of course, simply acknowledges that he made a mistaken diagnosis, and says the gentleman sustained only a strain of the knee-joint. Until recently the popular excitement on the subject had not been utilised for fraudulent purposes by ' scalawags ' and professional im postors. A large majority of the mind cure converts have been women. If they have been themselves benefited, or think they have, they begin to study the art and become practitioners. None of this class have sought to fill their purses by Eractising the new method. Most of them ave treated their friends gratuitously, as described above, or have given their time to strangers for some trifling recompense. There have been instances, however, within a few months of gross swindling of the credulous by professional cracks, who fand it profitable just now to put on the mind-cure mantle. A case in point occurred recently. An ignorant but smooth-tongued rascal who is getting rich upon the mind-cure craze was called to treat the wife of a wealthy gentleman. She was suffering from cancer, and the disciple of mental healing guaranteed that he would cure her. Presently the patient died. But the mind-cure man persuaded the husband that he had succeeded in partially curing the cancerous trouble when death supervened, caused by consumption. Accordingly, a bill for 4,000 dollars was sent in, and the husband finally paid 3,000 dollars rather than suffer the embarrassment of a law suit. For several -weeks past, as stated at the outset, the religious revolution in volved in the new departure has oyer shadowed the consideration of the physical phenomena in the public mind. The theologi cal innovations are confined to the_ creed of the Christian scientists, who constitute the largest division of the mind-cure host. They make the principles of a new theology indis pensable in their theories of mental healing. They are led by Mrs. Eddy, who is the high priestess of the whole movement. She claims to be the founder of the science, though rivals deny it, and her account of the divine origin of the faith is worth mentioning. In 1866, accord ing to her story, she fell accidentally upon the sidewalk and suffered spinal injury and paralysis, which physicians declared would result fatally in a few hours. Her pastor called to see her jvist before the end was apparently at hand and offered her consolation. She begged him to return in the afternoon, but no one believed she would then be living. By revelation from heaven at that time God's actual relation towards her and to the human race was made clear, and she realised that her hurt was but an error which, when supplanted by the truth, would disappear. By the light of her new knowledge, she brought herself by mental process into a proper attitude toward Jehovah, and when the clergyman called a few hours later, expecting to comfort a bereaved family, she met him at the door. Ever since, Mrs. Eddy says, she has liad the power of heal ing others as she was herself healed. The creed which she has formulated as the basis of her system is a peculiar theo logical mixture. But, as Professor Stacy Fowler taid in a recent paper on the subject, 'If they heal, people will not stop at a question of theology. If they heal they will carry the day, and they ought to.' Hence it is that Hawthorne Hall, where the Christian scientists worship, is thronged for an hour before the hour for service each Sunday. So eager are people to hear that after the -standing room is all taken, people crowd around out side the doors, where they can catch only an occasional word or two. The service consists of ordinary devotionalexercisesprecedingasermon by Mrs. Eddy. But the creed sheteashes is so blindly and illogically presented, is so full of ap parently inconsistencies, that it would bean im possible task to describe it even in outline. ' God is an infinite mind ; matter is nothing. Personality is the embodiment of mind. For giveness of sin means destruction of sin' — these are fragmentary ideas gained by listening to one of Mrs. Eddy's rambling talks. The Rev. A. J. Gordon, D.D., a prominent Baptist clergyman, who has studied the books of the Christian scientists thoroughly and talked with all the leaders, pronounces their creed aroixture of Pantheism and Buddhism. The delusion, he says, is most insidious. The large use of the Bible, the strenuous demand for holiness and self-abnegation in the disciples, the results apparently effected in the ministry to the sick — these are very powerful considerations for at tracting converts. And so hundreds of young ladies especially are drawn into the system under the impression that they are getting some finer quality of Christianity. Dr. Gordon predicts that this is not the fina} issue. If the body is only a phantom and the flesh only a shadow, by-and-bye some very practical sin ners will take refuge under the system, and insist that the sins of the boiy and the trans gressions of the flesh are harmless, since they are only the phantom of a phantom and the shadow of a shadow. Dr. Gordon regardB the whole system as a sort of witches' cauldron, in which every conceivable heathen and Christian heresy is seething and simmering to produce the subtle essence called 'mental medicine.' On the other hand the Rev. O. P. Gifford, another Baptist clergyman of equal standing, and several other prominent ministers defend the Christian scientists, and endorse much of their philosophy, while admitting that much more of it is unintelligible. But the clergy as a whole now regard the subject with grave apprehension, and on all sides they are discussing the situation with great earnestness. They hardly know how to deal with the danger, for the sincerity of all infected with the new faith is undoubted, and any policy of opposition or denunciation serves only to increase their ardor. Scores of appli cations have been made to evangelical churches of the Baptist, Methodist, Con gregational, and _ Episcopal denominations cants may' join ' tEe''l3iir&tfihr; ?'?feomnngis — church. All such applications have been refused, but the converts to the new idea nevertheless worship with those of the new creed. The public discussion of the new theology was begun a few weeks ago by the Rev. J oseph Cook, upon his Monday lecture ship platform. He endorsed the views of Dr. Gordon, and denounced the Christian Scien tists unsparingly. Since then the subject has been discussed from week to week at one or more of the conferences of ministers of the various denominations. The persons who are most affected by the craze, except the actual converts, are the phy sicians ; but from them least is publicly heard. Perhaps the best antidote, after having spent some time in canvassing the views of the mental healers and in discussing the theo logical side of the subject, is to call upon some good old-fashioned physician, who has been adding years to men's lives for half a century. 'Doctor,' a veteran practitioner was asked recently, 'why don't you take in your sign now that these mind-cure people have shown that no one need be sick unless he has a mind to?' 'Don't make fun of fools, young man,' the reply came, 'it only strengthens them in their folly. When people ask me if there is anything in mental healing', I say yes, of course there is. Every physician knows that when a patient's mind or imagination is in sympathy with him the work of curing is in many cases half done. In deal ing with mental and nervous diseases one object aimed at is to secure absolute peace of mind on the part of the patient. Then nature will work her own cure. Sometimes it is necessary to administer a few bread pills or a few drops of colored water to induce full con fidence. But it is useless to 'argue with people who try to show that there is no sickness and that poisons won't kill. The craze might as well run its course.' \- ? 