Special Telegram. To ihe Mayor of Cooma. , SYDNEY, Tuesday. My brother and self attended the opening of Parliament at noon to-day. Both of us n-ill support the Cooma Patriotic Fund and encourage the Volunteer Corps. Will wire again re land matters to morrow. D. Rywk, Union Club, Sydney. A lot of meddlers in the Government leryice have, by thuir fussy, injudicious tctiou, done much harm to the Patriotic Fund. The Melbourne Age states there is one ?ery disquieting element connected with ho expedition to the Soudan, and that is he distrust entertained by the privates rith regard to the ability of some of the imcers. The existence of the feeling had -eon rumored for several days, and upon [ucstioning a number of tho men the rn iinrs were amply confirmed. It is estimated that the arun of the Stra in is 2,250,000 square miles, nnd the mpulation from 10,000,000 to 60,000,000. t is the peculiar homo of the negro race, nd negroes of tho highest development are ound there. A Cdbious Weapon.— 'Why do you ro use to live with your wife ?' inquired udffo Duffy of Denis Mulcahy. ' Bekaso I'm in a dhroad uv me loifo wid her.' ' How is your life endangered ?' ' ' Sho itheais on me, yer honor, wid a concayled veapon. She has it on her person now.' 'It's a lie, judge. The truth's not in lim,' shonted Mrs. Mulcahy. 'Silence, roman,' said the judge. ' Constable, lias iny concealed weapon been found on this voinan?' 'Nb; yer honor.' ' What do :ou mean by saying that ynur wife carries l concealed weapon 7' ' What do I mane, s it I If ye were married to Her ye'd know chat I mane.' ' Can't the Court find out fithout getting married to her t' ' You an, yer honor. Just say something to aisc her tiinper, and she'll uimcrenr that mid 'concayled wooden leg of her's and lane out tho coorfc, ' — Texas Sittings. A Headless, Ghost.— A headless ghost las made its appearance near Euphrata, in Pennsylvania, where it excites considerable nriosity and nlorni. There is no doubt vhatcver as to its being a vcritablo ghost. t was first seen by the Rev. Daniel Wit -er when returning home one evening from ho Bchoolhouse in Manor township, where le had been preaching. Mr. Witnor had ;one but a short distance when lie saw ioming towards him what he supposed' to -e a man carrying p, lantern On the learer approach of the object he was, to iso his own expression, ' almost paralysed rith horror ' to find that it was a muvins tody without a head. His terror was still urther increased on seeing the head carried u one of the hands, 'The fearful object, ' le says, ' took its place t-y my side and ac companied me to my very door. .How 1 nauaged to retain consciousness and reach lomo I don't know. It was the most fear :ul experience' I ever liad, and I hope I nay never Jiave the like again.' The rnv. ;entlcman's statement is fully corrobo rated by two Indies and a Mr. Knufman, vlio from] a distance of a hundred yards law the ghost meet Mr. Witner and walk may with him, but were too appalled by ,ho spectacle to interfere. The ghost bas lince been seen several times, and the lervcs of the inhabitants of tho district are lescribed as being in a ' frightful state of tension,' It is somewhat refreshing iu these days of vulgar ' spiritual manifesta tions' to hear of a good old fashioned jljost without a head, of whose blood curdling qualifications there is no mistake, rhese headless ghosts were once common enough in this country, but have of late ^ears become almost extinct. Perhaps they have all gone to America, — St. James' Gazette, Jan. 17. 'Society' ajto Its Ajit6bments. — Tlio London Modem Society of December l.'itli, says:— There was a small party given the Dthcr evening when a certain 'high personage' was present. After dinner, -when all the guestx were assembled in tho drawing room, an old woman, dressed in a French costume with1 short skirts, suddenly made her appearance, and one of the company being requested to play some lively opera bouffe airs on the piano forte, she proceeded to danoo the cancan. Slio danoed with much spirit and vivacity, nut altogether as a modest woman should, and, as usual tho ' high personage ' -was in shouts of laughter. At last she Bat down amid a round of applause, and then a quadrille wus formed, the old women having requested tho 'high personage ' to be herpartner. Although not the proper thine, ho could not well refuse. Aftcrthc quadriUo sheas suddenly disappeared, and the people were Wondering who she was, when the door was thrown open, and in walked Lord ? . . It -oeded but a glance to sco that he it was that had been masquerading as tho ancient French damsel, and great was tho merriment thereat. On the whole, when one reflects, it was not a very elevating sight. Lord ? is a man of 75 years, and, notwith standing his ago, is one of tbe ' high per sonage's ' most constant companions. There are some persons -who accuse him of boinga toady, and jf one might judge by the exploit iuirt mentioned, the charge is not very untrue. Fancy a man of bis age, and prominent member of society, consenting to such an exhibition of wont of dignity on his part, merely for the sake of amusinffthe 'bigiiper&onago;!' The lady at whose house this sort of tomfoolery oocurs every year for the delectation of 'Tummy 'is a woman of over GO years, and has always been very fast, sad not over good tookkj. ? '. 