The returns given of the work performed by tho County Court Judges fully bear out what we have been persistently con tending for — that there ought to bo a re-arrangement of judicial work. The wonder is that the Law Department has allowed the present state 01 things to go on so long. Laws, it sceins, may be made affecting judicial work most seri ously, but the Law Officers with an amaz ing stolidity make no corresponding change in the administration. Between twenty and thirty years ago, before rail ways were made, districts were assigned to tlieCoanty Court Judges, and each washeld responsible for his circuit. The facili ties for travelling have enabled us to re duce the number of Judges from eight to live. And now these five have occasional periods of leisure, which it is desirable should bo mado use of. Last year an Act was passed abolishing districts, and enabling one Judge to sit for another in any part of tlio colony. It is an incred ible fact, but nevertheless true, that tiie Law Department still keep up the anti quated system of districts. Instead of following the Legislature by abolishing dis tricts, and calling upon the Judges to meet and arrange for tho transaction of the judicial work, the old system of districts is still persevered in, to the great discom fort of the litigants. Tho County Court in Melbourne has been left without a Judge, through tho elevation of Mr. Justico Cope to tho Supremo Court. No one knows now who may be presiding at the Melbourne County Court. Jndges pass there as frequently aud disappear as im- palpably as tlio ghosts at Macbcth's banquet. Tho chamber and interlocutory business is in utter confusion. AVhen one has his papers ripe for an application he finds the Judge who heard the case gone off to his district, and the Judge who replaced hiin will not interfere, aud it lias to be put off until 110 one knows wiien. The Judges cannot be blamed for this. It is the sys tem. And the system is continued by tlie Law Department, through stolid indiffer ence. What possible reason can there be for continuing the districts ? Why not abolish them in theors", as they have been practically abolished by law, and throw upon the Judges tho duty of providing for the due administration of all the Courts? .The wonder is that so simple an adminis trative act lias not struck the Law Officers. Ihc Judges then cau arrange for one of their number to take the Melbourne County Court each for a month in rota tion, tlie others arranging to attend to the country districts. This simple method will prevent any clashing of Courts, and enable the judicial business of the Inferior Courts to bo systematically provided for. The returns quoted by Mr. Kerferd of the sittings of the Judges are misleading, and it 1(5 11Af. AtlCStV 4.1. _ -V ! A 1.1 . 1 . It " — www me uuf'.x& encnon. tne Attorney-General had iu procuring them. Courts held at long distances require con siderable time in going to and returning from them. It maybe wise to abolish agood many of them, but while they exist they must bo visited. A Judge can only leave town on a week day, and when he holds a Court, say at Stawel for a couple of days, ho finds the remainder of the week too short for going to and holding his next Court, and so he has to defer it until the following I uesday. When a Court docs not last longer than a day he may be able to dispose of two, or perhaps three in a week. It is therefore misleading to mea sure the judicial work by the number of sitting days. The same may be said of tho number of cases tried. Whether a J udge tries one case or fifty he has to go to the Court and return therefrom, which occupies at least two-thirds of his time. Tho growing increase in the number of cases in the Supreme Court may to some extent be attributable to tho repeal of those clauses iu ' the Couuty Court Statute limiting costs. The pestiferous occupation of tho speculative attorncv was met in England by limiting him to Couuty Court costs in suits where he only recovered £50 on contract, or £20 in actions of wrongs, unless tlie Judgo certified 'for higher costs. Tliis practically abolished his occupation, because it was not remunerative. And those who had such actions to bring were forced into tho County Court. When it is borne iu mind that tho average costs awarded in a County Court action are under £ 19, as against £180 in the Supreme Court, tlio benefit of this clause to the public can be appreciated. Tho 41st Section of our County Court Act contained this wise provision, and was a transcript of the corresponding English enactment. The Judicature Act has in a furtive way repealed that section. We say furtive,' because no mention was made of it in Parliament, and it was some time after the Act came into force that the reference to it was discovered in a schedule. So anxious was the Legislature to preserve the practice and procedure of the County Court that the only amendment made iu the Bill was a clause to secure that effect. Not a syllable was said during the debates about the obscure line lurking in the re pealing schedule that gave a new vitality to the speculative pettifogger. The Judges of the Inferior Courts have certainly during the present year been working hard, and it would liavn been generous, if not indeed more fair, to fur nish statistics of tlicir present work and not of what they did last year. The Attorney-General must have his own reasons for doing so, which at present are certainly not very apparent. We have been continuously urging that, by a simple rearrangement of the judicial work, the block in tlie Courts could be removed, and its recurrence absolutely prevented. AVe require no additional Judges. There are enough now. From Mr. Kerferd's figures oue would suppose he is of opinion that there aro too manv. Then, why should the muddlo at the Mel bourne County Court be allowed to con tinue ? It cau be removed by a letter, if the Attorney-General will but givo the administration of justice his attention for five minutes. He has but to inform the Judges that the Legislature having practically abolished their dis tricts, they are required lo meet and arrange for the conduct of business at the several Courts. It is an open secret that the Judges themselves complaiu of the muddle, which they are unable to remove, because they havo not been requested and empowered to do so. They aro at present primarily responsible individually for their several districts, and while this exists there cau be no collective action. Once they are made collectively responsible they can arrange among themselves for the conduct of public business. AVo give the hon. the Attorney-General credit for the fact that the repeal of the 41st section of the Couuty Court Act, affecting costs of speculative actions, escaped bis notice, and trust that now that his attention lias been directed thereto, ho will take an early opportunity to revive that useful enactment. 