Downing street or Darlinghurst ? Sir 'Enery is becoming desperate. The poor old sinner almost deserves another chance in ' ' the political race he has fought so persistently. It is a big prize, and he is a drowning man. I know what 'Enery was thinking about. He lias a capacious memory, and prides himself on the number of great men whose ac quaintance he has made. Was he not in power when Lord Lisgar reigned at Fort Macquarie? Did he not lay a ghost iu the days of Lord Belmore ? Sir Hercules was not so much a man for 'Enery's money; too norsey, ana ranees naraiy snows a norse trom in ox. But when dear old goody Lof tns came 'Enery was all thers. Loftus had recently come from St. Petersburg itself ; had rubbed noses with a Czar; was a diplomatist like 'Enery himself. He patted the old man on the back, and h*, good old soul, a few day s after lie had landed said 'Enery was the greatest statesman in Australia. They formed for a time a mutual admiration society. It was snail, but select aud fervent. They parted as the best oi friends always must, at last, if not before ; and then, you should have heard Loftus ; and then you should have heard Parkes ! Or, rather, it is qnite as well not to have heard them ; better as it is. Well, out as I was going to say, 'Enery never 'wearies of greatness. He longed, he sighed, he entreated, he raged, and all that sort of thing, just for the honour of receiving Lord . damngton, ' I think I could do it and die,' ?aid he ; and the ohance seemed bo near. Same fortune, in the person of the St. Leonard's electors, who want a bridge, flung aside one obstruction in the burly form of Dibbs; and then the jade, in the person of vjiorrumbidgee, lifted Dibbs up again higher than ever. By one of those struggles for dear life, which a man fights in tho water, the fire, ?with a wild beaut, a runaway horse, or \- an unwilling Parliament, Parken made his final effort. Whip and spur were pnt on till the blood ran freely, but tho race was lost by two heads. ' Give it me,' screamed 'Enery. Sat it was no use. Dibbs c-mtoted back, and «aid, 'Will you run again?' And now Sir Patrick, the patrician, with stars and garters, has gone to meet the new lord governor. It is a big nail in Parkes' s coffin. Well, after all there is something to be said for a mad bull, a 'bandit, a politician, &o.;, that can be game till ?ih&UBt.; 