\- V&PA8KS; AN© SPRAY. Knocked on the head — A nail. Tho oldest settler in the WeBt— Tho sun. Wheels go beat when they are thoroughly tired. The train of thought leads the pencil, and \- hence it is a led pencil. What kir.d of a field is older than you are ? — On& that is pasturage A Host in Himself— The cannibal who devoured his entertainer. A new astronomer contends that the moon . is flat. It will bo round at the proper time all the same. ????? Domestic Philosophy — When there is a atorm in the nursery, the mother will caator \- oil on the waters in vain. Why are wrinkles like the figures of a clock f Because they are marks of time on the face. Why is one who falsifies like a person deeply in debt ? Because he has great liabilities. Why is twice 11 like 10 ? Because twice 11 is twenty-two, and twico 10 is twenty too. ?What is fame?' asks the Philadelphia American. Fame is the rejult of being civil to newspaper men. The man who sighs, 'How soon we are forgotten !' has only to leave an hotel with out paying his bill to find how sadly mis taken he is. The man who returned his neighbor's borrowed umbrella, was seen yesterday waiting in company with the young lady who pissed a looking glass without taking a pe*p. We believe they are engaged. A loag-windeil lawyer lately defended a criminal uasaccessfully when t^e judge re osived tie following note : The prisoner hjusfcl.T pr»Tj ii»t ths time occupied by the jiisi cc his eoaisel be counted in the sen As *= instills o: c&iM;* of sentiment on issHnc. it is sassi tiis whe^: ziris »re young lajx Eke i»Zf * C3E£E Kr£si*js s Tear ; but ££ tbsy crx-w olz titty ajcT'sJeue to hive even ODE. A-sa ! — 3:«r a rs tiiS s cairssitsr U ssSooni if CTo£-jaSk5ac i= iij «i5s ? — Why, bsaaaa, arc1; j*nr s« ! bi 5« s ds»I rii=-;r. ?Ws all Sirs ?str Ikcces T rT-,v^ai -ir. ?Wesay. 'Ttcrs i$ say~i csei tco lije it | nicit,' — y Brrs.' tsriz-irfy rssicitac ba j bdo=s£. 'sad vce're i-ane scc«i y:crsili. j tiro=ia Tiaiac it,' ~ j Xow then : — Wiit is ti* diier;=cs '«- r treen the present extnerdissrj caa giru | haTe for wearing their hsir like boys, asd s storm at sea ! — Well, one, of coarse, is a raging-main, while the other is a raging mania- yah ! Mrs O'Brallaghan Again. — There was once an old lady who kissed a cow.' Well, and what is there so extraordinary in that ?' said the dear old lady, putting down the volume, 'just look at the number of young ones now who kiss calve « !' A sharper, who had pawned his hat going out of church in the middle of a crowd snatched a man's hat from under his arm, The poor lellow, feeling his hat gone, cried, 'They have stolen my hat.' The sharper, immediately putting the hat on his head, and covering it with both hands, exclaimed. 'Have they ! I defy them to take mine.' 'I wish I was a ghost blamed if 1 don't,, said a poor fellow, the other night, as he sat soliloquising in the cold. They goes where ever they pleases, toll free ! they don't owe nobody nothing, and that's a comfort, Who ever heard tell of a man who had a bill agin a ghost ? Nobody. They never has to buy huts and wittals and liquor, nor has to run arrants as I do. Their shirts never gets dirty nor their trousers out at the knees, as I ever heard tell on. Ghosts is the only independent people X knows on- I raily wish I was one 1' What is the whole dnty of women ? To dress, to sing, to dance, to play on the piano forte, to gabble French or German, and pre side gracefully at the tea table — What is a man ? A thing to waltz witb, to flirt with, to take one to the theatre, to laugh at, to bo married to, to pay one's bills, and to keep one comfortably !— What is life 1 A polka, a Schottiscb, a dance that one must whirl through as fast as possible !— What is death? Hem, something that it's unfashionable to talk of, to whisper of, to think of, so the less that's said about it tho better. To say that .Tone's nose is a largeonc would be statin? it mildly. It stands out on his profile like a good deed in a naughty world, or a light house on a beach. And Jones is sensitive about that nose. Seeing a strange young man gazing at him the other day, Jones became uneasy, until he finally broko out with, 'Well, what are you Btaring at ? Do you see anything remarkable about me V 'Nose, sir,' was the rather equivocal reply of the young man, as he dodged around the corner. A. poor memory is a very inconvenient thing, So a man found it who lately culled ob a friend, and in the course of the con ? venation asked him how his good father was. 'He is dead s did you not know it V answered the friend. 'Indeed ! I am distressed to hear it,' said the visitor, 'I had no idea of it ;' and be proceeded to express his sympathy. A year after, he called again and forgetfully asked : 'How is youi good father ?' The clever reply was 'Still dead.' The Lancet says : 'It is, as we have often laboured to show, a mistake to suppose there is any warmth in clothes.' Wonder if the editor of the Lancet ever got up at midnight when the temperature was sixteen degrees below zero, and proceeded downstairs and out the back door to secure a slamming gate, without first putting on at least a pair of browsers. There may be no warmth in clothes, but it ia mighty cold without them during certain seasons of the year. The Now York Commercial Advertiser tries to tell ' why American women decline.' That's easily told, It's because tho man's pocket-book iBn't full enough, No at all. It is because they have learned from their grammars that man is a vorb that signifies to be, to do, and to suffer, and that to decline a verb is the first step towards conjuring it. . . A yory bashful Burlington young man has ' . got himself into a most lovely acrapo by hie : ' timidity. He wanted to offer his hand, and , ' faiB heart, and bis salary to tho prettiest girl on South Hill, but every effort he made in this direction paralyzed him. Happy thought — the telephone. So he proposed by telopuone, bat somehow or other the central office gave him tho wrong connection, and he was promptly aocepted by an old maid on another hill, who wears a wig and has a wart on hor nose. And to add to tho complica tion the largo brother of the pretty girl is JookinR for him with a olub and an awful mouthful of language. And the oldcrlyfomalo who accepted him won't hear to putting off tko wedding any longer than next weak, and -when he offered her olevon dollars and a soap-stone foot-warmer to lot him olf, she nookod him and got him down behind tbo flofo and stood on him whilo bIio screamed for 'Ma I* Eh ? Oh, yes, he thinks tho tole jpbono ia a groat invention. Among the passengers on the Erie railroad ' «r*a a graceless persouagH, who amused him self and annoyed the other passengers by roaring' forth fragments of negro niolodios, ' and suoh-like . choice muBical bits. All at onco it seemed to strike him that his perfor mances were not appreciated. 'Ladies,' he remarked to the passengers generally, 'p'raps any singing iBn't agreeable to you.1 Tho suggestion was agreed to, ncm. con. 'I'm oosrry you doo'J; like it ; but I do ; and when 1 travel f always fljako a point to enjoy \- xnyself— that's what f fravel for, I do, I'm ' Horry you don't like aiubjo .; but Idon'tseo how I can help it V and he rtrn.uk upnnothor .melody.' ' 