THE NOVELIST. TOPSY TUR VI. ULCERS. JL. SMITH. -4 AUTHORESS OF "FIT FOR TAT," arrow PITY OF IT" ETC, ETC. i" CHAPTER XVIII. (continued) A " His in Other books from her lattice high, Why comes he nob?" " Pass on, weak heart, and leave me where I lie ; Go by, go by. This Mr. Rout promised to do, adding some everyday phrases of condolence, for the language of sympathy was an unknown tongue to him, and if he could only repeat, like a parrot, r the words of others ; but his voice was kind, and the much burdened woman thanked him from her heart. The hot, weary day at last wore on tO tening, but still the sick woman slept. Nellie had written the daily letters to her. absent sisters, had spoken to one or two kindly inquirers through the half-opened window one of whom carried the letters to the post for her, had made herself a cup of tea, third paid some little attention to her attire, "before she sat down to rest and think. Then the doctor came in for a minute, promising to call later. As '~^£helot_hiin out the bell of the sick- room faintly tinkled. She called him back, and he followed her to his patient's side. The wasted hand was on the hand bell, as if it had lacked strength to lift itself back to the bed, and the head had sunk back on the pillow. " Only a few minutes now," he whispered to Nelly, as he laid his fingers on the fluttering pulse. " Nelly," said the dying woman, " I have had a sound sleep, T will be stronger when he comes, but I want to say a word to" you. I'm so sleepy I can hardly keep awake," her words were scarcely - audible. " You and John Parks must make it up between you when I am gone, he is a good man, and he loves you. It won't matter so much you see, because you "Devrell change your name, and as my name will only be on a tombstone, it can't hurt Geoffrey," she spoke with difficulty as if she could not express what she wished to say. "l Nelly made no answer, she held r wine to the white lips, and then kissed the clammy brow. The doctor, He knew the best part, and guessed love of the story coming to an end 'now, Sihispered, "Poor woman the master passion to the last." " She has fallen asleep again," said Nelly, after a few minutes silent i watching. " I think she was dreaming. John Parks has been married ten years " He looked pitifully at her. " Too late" he thought "ten years too" late." They stood still yet another minute, and then Nelly moved to the window and looked out, she turned away with a sigh. The doctor beckoned to her, she obeyed, stepping softly. " Nothing will hurt her now," he said. " It is all over." Nelly was schooled to suffering; only a short quick gasp, and she * stood still. It did not need to close the dead eyes, or to compose the hands. She had passed away in her broken slumber, with her palms joined in attitude of prayer. Two hours passed. A neighbour helped Nelly to perform the necessary offices for the poor clay. It lay now covered with a white sheet, sprigs of rosemary and rue strewed here and there. - There was nothing more to do, and promising to return later in the night, the assistant left. Nelly was not afraid of the dead. She was glad to be left alone. She sat down in the sitting room and gave way to bitter weeping. How long she sat she did not know. She was called to outer life by a knock at the door. As she rose to open it the town hall clock struck nine. I was afraid you had all gone to bed," said the new comer, as he followed her back to the sitting room. " Is she asleep ? perhaps I had better come in the morning." " I think not," was the curt answer, " but you can go up now." and she lighted a candle which she placed in his hands. They were brother and sister, but for long years no greeting had passed between the twain. He went. She listened to his step, slow and hushed, mounting the narrow stairs. She heard him open the door of the death chamber, and her eyes glittered. A minute later and he stood before her again, ghastly white and trembling. Not a word could escape his ashy lips. Perfectly calm, she took the candle, which was falling from his clutch, and set it on the table. Then she drew back the door to its limit, and pointed to it. He opened his lips to speak, in vain. He looked into her face as if for mercy. What he saw there made his craven eyes quail, and without even a whisper of remonstrance, only a moan as if of pity for himself, more than of grief for her, he shrank away. CHAPTER XIX. " The independent commoner Shall be the man for a that" " But oh mankind are too weak, and little to be trusted, If self the wavering balance shake, it's rarely right adjusted. Towards the evening of this eventful day the little town of Oxminster I was in a state of active fermentation. The blue posters, with which the sharp London bill-sticker back cover- j ed every hoarding not already mono- policed by the enemy, had spread the news of the pending contest to the ; very confines of the borough. Delivery carts bore on their flanks, with as yet impartial patronage, the rival colours, inspiring blue and stimulating yellow. The harlequin combination was everywhere on trunks of] trees, genteel gate pillars, lamp posts, and even the marble pedestal of Sir James r's latest gift, the drinking fountain. Two opposing files of j sandwich men, traversed the streets and suburbs, and hand-bills of the -_ The right of publishing " Topsy Turvy," in the Australian Colonies has been purchased by | the proprietors of the West Australian. contending colours were distributed] with emulating lavishness by keen eyed girls and nimble footed boys. The energy Mr. Rout brought to bear in overtaking the enemy sup- planting and superseding, soon nullified the advantage of his adversary's stolen march, and they started fair. These preparations for the coming contest under active operation, Mr. Rout accompanied his noble client, Lord Le-Pole, on a preliminary canvass. It was wearing six o'clock, when, as an initiatory experiment they entered the office of the Weekly Sun "The enemy's stronghold" said Lord Le Pole is surprise. " Yes, the bull by the horns ' you know," was Mr. Rout's answer. But the enemy had been before them. On the threshold of the door they encountered Mr. Rawson, conspicuous with a yellow rose in his button-hole, Mr. Rout greeted the young man cordially, and with much deference introduced the rivals. Lord Le Polo bowed stiffly, hesitated a moment, and then as if ashamed of some inward monitor, took Ned's proffered hand, saying. "I had almost forgotten we had met before, we were at Christ Church together, I think." "Yes" replied Ned, with just a little hauteur, chilled by his opponent's unresponsive if not repellant manner, " and I fancy from what I remember of your speech at the Union on disestablishment, that though our colours are antagonistic today, ours will be a difficult battle to fight, we are likely to tell the people the same story." With a slightly affected manner, Lord Le Polo brought a sprig of forget-me-not fastened to his waistcoat more forward and said with a decided drawl. " wish, I try to go with the times, but I fear I am slow. We have so much to forget, you see." To teach the people to forget, you mean," was the sharp answer. " That is not a safe lesson to teach till they have been given something better to remember. Sir Janitor, I fear, is like all master-minds, in advance of his age." There was slight, but not intentional offensive sarcasm in this speech, the worthy knight in question having a master-mind in but one particular, the aptitude of making money. An angry flush came to Ned's checks. " I am my own conscience keeper," he said, " but I've no doubt that between us we'll achieve the golden mean." " Ah, that I must leave to you. I regret that we are rivals," and very slightly raising his hat, the young lord followed Mr. Rout, who had im- patiently moved on, into the inner office. He joined his agent, Mr. Patch, outside the door, and swung down the street twirling his stick in the air, his ears tingling with the significant tone more than words of his opponent, and his heart turning within him at what he felt to be the de haut en has air of a conscious superior. " I'll run him close," he said to himself, uttering in strange coinci- dence the same words his opponent had used on the previous day. But the stimulus to this sudden rival-ship of these two men differed widely in its source. Ned had been ready to fight the battle amicably so far as it was practicable. He was prepared to admire his adversary, and to give him credit for honesty of motive, but he had found him, so he thought, supercilious, haughty, and contemptuous and he would, he was determined on that, do his best to throw him, even to modifying his own independent role ; but he little guessed that on one side at any rateable contest would owe its bitterness, not to difference in political creed or even the stake at issue, but to his supposed favour at the hands of his gay little friend Judy. But could Sir Janitor have peeped into the heart of the Conservative candidate he would have found his jibbing -so he termed him-relative, somewhat easier in hand. Ah how often a little knowledge of that subtle under-current, motive, would change the course of events, here whetting the sword to keener conflict, there turning it aside for ever. Mr. Rout, it seemed to Lord Le Pole, was received with extraordinary deference within that sacred sanctum, the editorial den. With a good deal of circumlocution Mr. Power acquainted his lordship with the fact, that being pledged to " irreconcilable opposition to any principles involving the conservation of existing things," he had promised his personal vote to the great Liberal Sir Janitor Tomlin son's nephew. " Is he prepared to go as far as his uncle ?" said Mr. Rout. " In essentials, yes." " And these are ?" asked Lord Le Pole. Comprised in one phrase," was the reply, " en avant." "In leaps and bounds. Well, and the young noble's face wore a smile of security. "Mr.-ah-Mr." " Power," said Mr. Rout. " Mr. Power, I sincerely trust the best man will win, but you know the race is not always to the swift." " No my lord," replied Mr. Power, bowing with a very undemocratic servility, or perhaps to be more accurate, with extreme democratic ser- vility. " No my lord, nor is the battle always to the strong." The canvassers proceeded upstairs to the private office of the publisher and general printer of the town, Mr. Carts, but with no better success. He too was pledged to the enemy, Mr. Curte's politics were those of many a better man, they were evolved from one particular point of view, personal interest. Liberalism, Radi- calism, Democracy, - Communism, mark the ascending scale ; all meant agitation, movement, speculation, general upheaval in fact, and so pam- phleteering, thirst of news, journalistic enterprise, accession to the ignoble army of irresponsible scribblers, and therefore grist to his mill, which, unlike that of the proverb, did not grind slow. Mr. Curte believed himself to be a typical John Bull, blunt in speech and honest in aim, an honesty which made integrity in detail unnecessary. His palliative for any flagrant lapses in the rule of men and refuse was always the one word " Business," a free rendering of the ethics of commerce. He knew a little about the personal affairs of the Earl of Albany and that money was tight in that quarter. The place was a growing place, it needed money, therefore it was for the public benefit that the man with the most money got in. His men, however, were at liberty, so he assured his suitors, to vote, as their principles prompted them " Liberty and Equality " was his motto, Ms aim the welfare of the people only. With this flourish of trumpets he ushered his visitors into the composi- tors' room, and with a specious show of magnanimity withdrew. . Here they were more successful, the foreman, who seemed to know Mr. Rout, spoke for the test. They were not pledged, he said, neither did they wish to pledge themselves to either candidate until the day of election. They wanted to hear what both sides had to say for themselves in public, and to turn the matter over in their minds and so understand things better. For his part, so far as he could see at present, he had nothing to find fault with in the politics of the late Sir Oscar Pierce, and he had been Conservative he believed. Whatever he was, it seemed to him he had been the true benefactor of their town, for he had given the people work, which was independent bread. Charities were very well in their way, but they were own cousins to workhouses. So the man who was prepared to do the most for the industries of the place, was most sure to be the man for him, and his mates. Lord Le Pole thanked the speaker with frank warmth for his manly speech, and with great tact, forbear- ing any expression of his own creed at present, raised his hat slightly in courteous adieu all round " I will show my colours when the day comes " he said. I flatter myself you will rally under them." " You hold us safe, sir," whispered the foreman in Mr. Rout's ear as he followed his client out. " Certainly, I have told Curte so." " Well Bill," said a compositor to his mate, both hard at work in big type for the enemy, " there's sum that, let folks say as they like about a mob, that takes the shine out of a commoner. That young Rawson is a hearty chap enough, a real gent too, but somehow I didn't just feel like shaking hands with the other, and I did with him." " Man, Ben," replied his mate, " the nobles the kind of' chap a fellow could follow if he was a soldier like. I could black his'n boots, I could, an' it wouldn't seem so much out of the ordinary ways of things, if he was to put it, for bother to black mine." " What do you think of it all Sandy ?" asked the man addressed as Ben, of a middle aged Scotchman, at the moment intent on fastening his filled-in galley in its form. " Just what any other sensible body was think," was the slow answer. " There's degrees in everything, baith under an' ayont the sun, in' its just rank presumption on anyone's part to even one again the other. Eh it wad be queer reading wanting the capitals. But it's a a question of adjustment, for there was be no use for capitals as if there was the same' type; it's to serve that they're set apart, no that to serve them. LVs a' havers this cry of' equality, it's just the same' type craving' to be capitals themselves. What did Sir Janitor, the great Liberal, as he sets out. to be, what did he let himself be served for. Eh, lads, he's nee mair nor a muckle sham. " Ye'll be for the lord then," said Bill. " I'm no game to say who I'm for till I hear what they're for. What they say in public they must hang tale, when they're on the road it's a praise and flattering. We have lost a gude man i' Sir Oscar Piprce. He's a cantered the that young Rawson." Mr. Rout said to himself at the close of his afternoon canvass, that his client's success was doubtful beyond his own fears. Money too was tight, but on the enemy's side it was easy so easy that he determined to observe extra caution in his own outlay, that should he lose he might have something more than a chance of recovering the day on petition. Unexpectedly to himself judg- ing from Mr. Raymont's initiatory account of his career, he had found the latter not only more amenable on the score of creed than he had anticipated, but much more eager for success, indeed it seemed to his acute probing instinct, that apart from every other consideration, his client was actuated by a personal rivalry, the outcome he felt convinced of some powerful incentive in the back- ground. This he would be on the watch to discover. After dinner, which he had taken in the commercial room, his noble client in his private quarters, he lit a cigar and strolled forth to reconnoitre the field of the approaching contest. At the door of the hotel a porter handed him a note which was marked by private " inside. It was from Sir Janitor Tomlinson. It was not usual for Mr. Rout to destroy such documents. The future to him had always unlimited possibilities But in this instance he immediately after reading it, tore the note into shreds. He then sauntered down the street agfew yards, turned back lazily, and re-entered the hotel. " The evening is so tempting," he said to the landlord, who happened to be crossing the hall, "I think I shall take a ride. Have you a quiet old roadster ?" This mine host assured him he had So in the space of a very few minutes Mr. Rout was trotting leisurely towards the high road to London, in the opposite direction of Sir Janitor's magnificent mansion. When fairly out of observation of the town, he made a sharp detour, and after a half hour's brisk trot pulled up at the Knight's door. " Sir Janitor expects me. I came on business," he said to the servant in answer to that individual's request for his name, who a little dubiously led the way to his master's study. Sir Janitor was at his favourite occupation, totting up columns in a ledger, an occupation which satisfactory results had made pleasant, but no longer necessary. Habit, however, had made it indispensable to his enjoyment; it was now, in fact, his recreation. Mr Rout, sir," said the city Knight with burlesqued dignity and hauteur, mechanically placing his pen at the back of his car as he jerked out his arms to bring down his coat sleeves, an old office habit, and threw himself back in his chair. " Mr. Rout, sir, be seated," and he pointed to a chair conveniently close, into which his visitor subsided. " I regret, sir," continued the Knight, puffing with importance, "that I was late in securing your services for my nephew, and I may add I was surprised, I hardly expected to find the proprietor of the Swi advancing Tory interests" " Pardon me, Sir Janitor," was the suave answer, " my client repudiates effete Toryism, but allow me to say I regret, and very deeply, too, that my partner, Mr. Raymont, should have pledged the firm to Lord Le Pole without first consulting me. The fact is the Earl is one of his oldest clients, and he could not refuse to do his best for his son. I assure you, we that is the firm, had a very earnest consultation on the possibility of getting out of the engagement, but Mr. Raymont said that he was sure you would have no confidence in us from a business point of view, if we raised, for he doesn't think our client has a ghost of a chance. He said you were too keen-sighted and too honour- able to trust any one who swerved from straight business. We were the more bound to our noble client." Sir Janitor grew red and puffed. " Because you see "-here Mr. Rout's voice fell to a whisper-" there is not too much money, and I need hardly say his voice rose to its normal key " that Raymont, Rout, and Rally are not merely mercenary agents." Sir Janitor bowed graciously, holding tightly by the arms of his chair. The obeisance so performed was rather a tax on the worthy Knight's respiratory organs, which were apt, under sudden pressure, to produce symptoms of apoplexy. On- this occasion his very impressive affability brought his red "dab" chin almost into contact with his aldermanic development, and sent up his little calf less legs in a balancing protest. Taking a moment for panting, he recovered, and then, as if about some congenial and familiar action, he opened a secret drawer, drew out a roll of bank notes, and slowly, temptingly, spread them before his visitor. " Ten hundred," he said, " that is right, just one thousand." He then placed a small letter weight on the appetising heap, and again turned to his companion. "I have the highest opinion of your firm, he said, " but it was my knowledge of your special qualifications that determined me to offer it this job. It couldn't avail itself of my offer, and there, in a business sense, the matter ends. But, sir, you and I have had a good many little transactions together, which I think were mutually satisfactory." Mr. Rout bowed in grave assent. " My agent, Mr. Davis, writes me that you wish the Tyler bill, held by -by the, reduced, when you are prepared to take it up." Mr. Rout again bowed, keeping his eyes, which he felt might betray him, so keen and restless they felt, firmly fixed on the point of his boot. " Now, sir, have you a personal interest in this bill; we know each other, so you need have no reserva- tion." " No, Sir Janitor, none. Indeed, as things connected with this bill have turned out, I am not now prepared to take it up at all. Mrs. Tyler, the acceptors is dead. Major Tyler, the drawer, is at this present moment in Casterham. I'm afraid it will prove a bad debt. "The Egbert till is full enough," replied the Knight, forgetting his role of dignity for the present, and wink ing as he put his little pudgy fore finger along the side of his nose. " Many a slip," said Mr. Rout, with an upward glance. " Ah, say so, obliged to you ; ' a work as good as a nod,' you know, me." Sir Janitor had made a serious lapse to primeval days. Mr. Real smiled with inflammatory significance " Ah, Rout, Rout, your'e a sly dog !" This was accompanied by a sharp dig in the ribs, which trans- formed the smile into an apprehend- ing laugh. " Well, never mind, we'll told him, no good, a roof without a till ha-ha ha- not bad, is it ?" Mr. Rout said it was better than " not bad," it was splendid. " True wit, in fact." " But now to business, resumed the Knight, casting a side look at the weighted pile by his side. "'I have said, Rout, that you and I know each other. We have more than once " and the little man dovetailed his fingers-" you know ; well, of course, you are too old a bird to be caught by chaff; golden grain for such as you and me too. Every man has his price. You believe that ?'' "I know it." " That's sensible, now we understand each other. I always have my price, always have had, or shouldn't be here to-day. Money, sir, money is the only real power in the world, in proper hands. Now, we all have our weaknesses - best infirmity of noble minds, you know love of fame, &c.; Mine is to see my sister's son, my nephew, sir, the member for Ox minster. The place owes it to me, sir. Two hundred thousand pounds hard cash I have laid out on the moral elevation of the people, and I think I deserve the return I seek. Ned is a clever lad ! Takes after me, they say, but he is inclined to jibe. He has some love affair, I hear, a Miss Judy Aylmere, not a penny of course, but a divinity, c. Some cousin, by the way, to this old Miss Egbert, that scoundrelly major is after. There is a rumour, too, that she will have the Egbert estates some day, but I don't mind vain jabber. I know about the family in a business way, and the present Squire can leave the property as he likes. He is in his second prime too, hale and hearty, not touched eighty. Good for matrimony yet. The youngest Miss Egbert, too, who is only forty-five, may marry. "Hope springs eternal in the human breast," We. Ned must have a career, and a poor wife would drag him down. I'll play him soft, though; young things must be mouthed easy, vaud I'll let him think he may win her some day. So now, Rout, you see my carte de pays ready for war," and he nearly choked. Mr. Rout again nodded with significance, but had Sir Janitor not been so absorbed in himself, he must have noticed a sudden accession of interest in his auditor at the mention of Miss Judy Aylmere's name. "They are idle rumours, Sir Janitor," he said, with the air of a person secretly informed. " I happen to know that my noble client the Knight relapsed into incipient apo- plexy ?- " has intentions in that quarter." Sir Janitor had again seized the arms of his chair, and was panting himself into speaking tune. "Then, by-Sir," he roared, " Ned shall have her, and Oxininster too, or I'm a red herring ac. albany, sir, a rotten earldom, not a penny of ready cash, as you know, why, his paper is everywhere. Oh, yes, the property's entailed. I know that; but not all, and it's heavily mortgaged for life. Only yesterday we discounted two bills for him. Money, sir, money's the only aristocracy, and I'm blessed if my money shan't floor this not." Mr. Rout wisely held his peace ; the wind was blowing as he wished it. Sir Janitor gradually puffed into quietude. To return to our muttons, me," he said, in a conciliatory tone. "We're old pals, Rout." He held out his " hand, which his visitor took, returning the reassuring squeeze. "Done some good turns together. Capital property that Sun and he laughed. *. Name your price, and here's a thousand over." He touched the heap at his side. " You know what's what, no need to waste words ; there it is for the lift- ing," and he pushed the pile towards the Conservative candidate's agent. " Patch will settle the rest on the square." There was a silence of at least a minute. Mr. Rout had become very white ; a struggle, not very deadly, was trying his strength, but the only fear he was thus inwardly combating was the fear of being found out. Dare he close on the thousand Le Pole had not a chance. Well, if he did close he wouldn't waste the young fellow's money ; no corruption, no bribery. Le Pole was high-minded. His fingers relaxed, and his hand in- sensibly were towards the pile with a wary, spider-like movement. At last he spoke. "I should like it in gold, Sir Janitor," he said. That was all. The gold was heavy in his breast pocket as he trotted sharply back to his inn, but it imponderable faces could have had material influence, his heart would have outweighed it. CHAPTER XX. " Ait habitation giddy and unsure, Hath he that buildeth on the vulgar heart;" Young Rawson's life had hitherto been a singularly homeless life. His father, an old "indian general, had served a not very creditable career in an out-of- the-way little town in Brittany, in hiding from his creditors, leaving his widow and only child, " respectably," as he termed it, provided for by the Indian Fund. He had married late in life the elderly sister of Sir Janitor Tomlinson, to whom her brother had given a very considerable power. She had kept Sir Janitor's house ably, and, to his satisfaction, and being a clever, apt woman, had used such opportunities as had come within her reach to im- prove her extremely rudimentary education. Like her brother, she was hard of brain, though quick and re- tentive, and valued knowledge simply for the social advantages it carried with it. She was of a retiring disposition, but of rather a showy exterior. A belle in her very young days, with no lack of admirers. But as her brother gradually rose above the stage of life into which he had been born, a state into which even a humbler cottage home had not entered, she vowed to herself to rise with him. This was not difficult to achieve. his sister was Janitor Tomlinson's only look to his lowly past, and to elevate her was to leave no compromising evidence of his origin. There were twenty years between the brother and sister. Their father had dropped off the scene, how they hardly knew; had gone on the tramp and been lost, his widow said. She, however, died peacefully on her pallet bed, in her poor, one-room lodging. Janitor was then twenty five, and battling with fortune in great London. He did not, till nearly a year had elapsed, hear of his mothers death. He was too busy then with that then dubious contest to trouble much about responsibilities. When the news did reach him, in advertently, he set off for his native place, with a dim perception of what was required of him in the eyes of humanity, to provide for the maintenance and partial education of his sister, a mere child of five years. He then returned to his energetic, toiling, grasping like, almost forgetting that in his little despised birthplace be had such a tangible link to another life. Money making and money saving were his only instincts. No thought of matrimony for himself ever crossed his thoughts. To have considered the possibility of such a thing would have taken time, and time to Janitor meant money. At sixty he had acquired very considerable wealth, and then some latent instinct of a home feeling roused him to buy land, in his native town, and reared a mansion. This done he took his sister as his housekeeper. She did not disgrace his using position. She had pursued the occupation of a lace worker, sa eking out her brother's allowance. She had lived greatly to herself, and had read everything on which she could lay her hands. As his wealth expanded his pride kept pace with it, an ignoble pt side, which yet found what outside charity would term " noble expression, in which way Oxmiiioter benefited, as we have shown. To establish a social position in the neighbourhood he gave heavy entertainments, at which his sister presided with a certain dignity and simplicity that won the respect of those who sneered at the " presumptuous little Knight." When quite forty five she met General Rawson, at Sir Oscar Pearce's house, and with her brother's approval married India. It had been understood that she should still remain mistress of the Knight's establishment. " My sister, Mrs. General Rawson," was the card he had counted on playing, but this arrangement was brought to a speedy termination. Mrs. Rawson found it im- possible to serve two masters, and cleaving to the one given her by the law, left-deserted, he said-the one she had voluntarily served so well. After a year or two of quietly borne ill-usage and indignity, the General considerately relieved her by making her his widow. She did not enjoy her regained freedom long, but died without having become reconciled to her partner, leaving her little son perfectly homeless. Sir Janitor; after he had placed the boy at school, almost forgot his existence. The occasions on which that fact was brought to his memory were not conducive to the generation of the natural affection his heart lacked. These were the terms when the school bills became due, and he was called upon to supplement the slender provision of the Indian wind, and the times, not unfrequently, when his domestic machinery got out of gear. At such junctures his heart was sore within him, and the iniquities of the deceased General and the ingratitude of his sister were vicariously embodied in their son. But as-the years crept on the £1 Dorado of his youthful vision seemed to his dimmed perceptions, in all that could fill the insatiable craving of a sordid ambition, but as a Fata Morgana The gold he had won was no longer gold to him, if it failed to procure him the outside consideration his pride v demanded. That his benefactions to his native town obtained for him in a degree, but inasmuch as he had looked for his own again " his reward was not that full measure, pressed down, and running over which poured into the breast fills the heart." It mortified him to think that his lavish charities should be gauged by their spirit, and not by their money value, and be regarded", not as monuments of philanthrophy, but of vain glory. And any pride his native town might have in the name of Tomlinson; as now represented in the guild of knighthood, was reflected on the shoeless Arab, to whom by dubious right it had appertained, It was proud of the thrift and courage that had achieved so much. Sir Janitor Tomlinson only of that much. So it fell out that the little Edward Rawson grew to manhood, knowing nothing of domestic affection or human love of any degree. For his holidays he was boarded out, either at a farmhouse for a needy parsonage. He had not even the chance of form- ing school friendships, as the caprice of his guardian seldom allowed of his remaining beyond a year at a time at any school. Once, and once only, he had spent a vacation in a companion's family, and what he saw on that occasion of domestic life made an impression destined to influence in the future his own relations in that direction. There the women of the family were treated as pretty dolls, social puppets, amusing and loving pets, to be cared for, admired, played with, and humoured, but in no degree approached from a standpoint of " equality." The creed of that house was made supremacy, in not very broad rendering of the Turkish doctrine of female inferiority. And an end to show to what base uses we may return, there was neither protest in this circle, nor crying out of any spirit in bondage. It all seemed so natural. Nod supposed it was natural, and that woman was not even " lesser man !" So, with respect to women, Sir Janitor did not find in his nephew an uncongenial temperament, when, awake to the fact that the " beggar's brat," as in his rage at the mendacious General he had called his son, was one likely to bring the honour to his house he himself had so signally failed in bringing, he opened to the lad the princely gates of Janitor Hall. There the best Ned heard of the one woman in whom at that time he felt even a tepid interest, his mother, was that she had been an admirable housekeeper, possessed of a handsome person, and within womanly virtue of subserviency which had meant to frailty's side, but in all," the Knight said, a little softened byjEíed's good looks and. modesty,'" a very rare specimen of what a woman should be." From this time, but with no lavish hand, Sir Jauitor undertook to give his nephew a career, and as an initiative placed him at Oxford, where, as has been seen, he made his mark. But on all occasions, to the young man himself, and to those to whom the subject might be relevant, Sir Jauitor was assiduous in proclaiming that, beyond a fair start in life, he was to, look for absolutely nothing from his wealthy relative. He had " other claims, he said ambiguously, and he was a just man." So it came to be known that there was no question of eventual heirship b between the rich old Knight and his c1, very handsome nephew, yet so variously do facts operate on different in- telligence, this certainty, while which some it deprived Ned of a certain prestige, with others it appeared to a chivalric feeling and secured him friendly countenance and sympathy. Of these latter not a few were among the lowly electors of Oxminster. To these the Knight was an " unnatural old curmudgeon," and his charities only " bribes to Heaven." It was in the last year of his scholastic probation, the year before he was to enter on his university career, that Ned had spent that memorable vacation at his school- fellow, Jack Cleveland's home. There he met Judy Aylmere, then a girl of thirteen, he being five years the elder. It was the first year of Airs Aylmere's widowhood. She had just moved to her new home at Castlemaine, and was dejected and averse from seeing strangers, but at the same time anxious to give her child such recrea- tion as was consistent with their deep mourning. An invitation to pass a fortnight with the Cleveland's offered, and was accepted by Mrs. Aylmere for her daughter. The Cleveland's were old friends of the Roberts ; their place was near Oasterham. A very merry%frieudship had struck up between the lively young people, a friendship which was renewed from time to time on the occasion of sundry short visits Ned was in the habit of paying the Cleveland's Mrs. Aylmere, always on the survive for possible eligibles for Judy, had taken considerable pains to ascertain all particulars respecting the handsome Ned Rawson. She prided herself upon keen insight into intentions, and foresight of likely actions and knowing something of the vanity and meanness of Sir Janitor, and he became convinced that his intentions were to leave the bulk of his great wealth to some charity which would give his name place among the Howards and Peabody of modern history. Ned was clearly not an eligible. She was, however, too imaginary by half, and by endeavour- ing to place a barrier of reserve between the young people she in fact was fanning, what on Judy's side at any rate, was but a nascent flame. She did not know it, so bland is over diplomacy, that careless familiarity and commonplace intercourse seldom conduce to a grande passion that must ever have some romantic halo over its surroundings, some mystery of doubt or fear in its commencement. All these, Ned's story, as told to Judy by her mother, supplied. From that time, insensibly to herself, she felt a growing interest in all that concerned the young man, often urging on him the necessity of determining his future course of life. It seemed to her that he had noble aspirations, and yet not decision enough to make his choice of career and keep to it. Very eloquent who would wax on the elevating principle of earnest work, would sketch out plans of great things to do, waving in advance, with all the enthusiasm of an ardent spirit, triumphal banners over her imaginary hero. At such times she would be brought to earth with a dull thud, by a light jest or matter-of-fact observation from the very object of her inspiration; then when she would point, or mayhap drop a tear of mortification, Ned would laugh merrily, would kiss her hand, perhaps, and say, " Little Judy, what do women know about these things " And so the little Judy, under the expanding influence of the specious Major, set herself to learn something of these things, rebelling against the monopoly of wisdom by the sterner sex. But the Major only threw open to her inquiring spirit the bare outposts of knowledge, and perhaps no one would have been more surprised than himself could he have followed the eager steps into the wider realm beyond. She was an omnivorous reader, and so had become possessed of much discursive, if not very definite information. Now she planned a particular routine of study by which she hoped to become able, not only to understand, but discuss with intelligence the social and political problems of the day. In pursuance of this object she brought together from various sources Smith's library for which she took an eight volume subscription, and friends books!) elves, political historical works of ambitious calibre, social essays, and biographical studies. Over these are wasted the midnight oil, and though her intelligence was of too high an order nor in some degree to lay in stores of golden grain for thought to justify, yet, she owned it to herself, the task was dull with no encouraging word in her ear, or wise eyes to let in full light on her wonder- ing vision. There was literally no one to ask. The Squire's learning, she knew, was limited, and' his opinions such as he had received them, with some slight modern modifications, from his father. ¡ He would only tell her not to try her pretty teeth with nuts she would never have to crack. Sybella she found a little informing, but she keenly perceived that in matters of opinion Sybella was as narrow as her father. Mabella thought there were wise enough beads at the helm to guide the bark in her time-and alter her the deluge and Bulsie, dear old Dulsie, cared for none of these things. CHAPTER XXI. "For we sometimes gently wrangled, Very gently be it said -'"'JJ Since our thoughts were disentangled By no breaking of the thread." It was at this juncture of bewilder- ment that happy fate threw in Judy's way Elsie Eber, one of the most cultivated and original women of her day. Judy had from the first been insensibly drawn to the mysterious looking and gifted girl, circumstances threw them much together, and Elsie reciprocating her young friend's growing liking, an intimacy was soon formed. It was not, however, for some time, not till July's return from her week's stay at Egbert Uah, that she summoned courage to ask of Elsie direction in her search after knowledge, the knowledge of things as they were. Especially did she ask for counsel how best to understand 1 tire points of view from which, it seemed to her, equal intellects army ed at such oppishe cjnclo.:>ioiis. Never had mistress an apter pupil, never pupil a more luminous teacher. Each day as the contest at Oxminster dragged a long preliminary length, the friends would retire with books, pamphlets, and newspapers, to Elsie's pretty chamber at San pink, and after an hours steady reading of p 15 tical biography, discuss knotty points of some social question, or in hillier flight, the intricate subject of England's position in balancing power. Each day, too, they followed the course or existing policy, both home and foreign, making themselves thorOughly acquainted with both sides of any very prominent topic, till 'off on the pretty little badge bedroom was transform J into a miniature parlia- ment, the different articles of furniture and ornament doing duty for listening senators. It soon became evident to Elsie that disease as her pupil was, her keen intelligence was of too individual a character to accept opinions on a moulded form. Judy thought for herself. She had her own point of view, arguing from that with original force and subtle wit. And as her knowledge increased, fainter and fainter grew her reverence for names, which in her son age of ignorance she had been used to utter with bated breath. *" " Elsie," she said one day with a pretty assumption of didactic sagacity, " Elsie, there are more quacks in politics than in medicine. Charles ism, I suppose, pays." "Yes," said Elsie with a sigh. " Pure patriotism is a losing game." "Elsie," she cried, in a rallying tone, " I fear like that devious young gentleman who used to take a constitutional at peep of d s r. . melancholy has marked you for a -> own.' Come out with me now and take a ' sniff of the briny to the winds with the abstruse questions of moralities that have no existence but in the brains of dreamers ; away with the disciples of old unworUiies who are in type standing beside us in this re suuoctionising rostrum, with their heads under their arms in orthodox fashion a sort of penance for going so far ahead in the flesh-the rooms fail of them, Elsie. I'm sure of it, I'm so wisely today. Shall I lay them ? you'll be the belle, here's a blue-book, the very thing for the blue devils, and this lucifer," she held up a match, " will do for a candle. Pro- ceed !" Judy, you are beside yourself,"" said Essie, laughing at the young girl's abandon of merriment. "You had better exhaust yourself before you come out. Here is Mr. Rawson's speech of yesterday, it will quiet you, and you can finish with Lord Lb Pole's, they're both in the Electric." [ " Read them both in bed this morn | inga" said Judy, with not a little accession of conscious colouring in her cheeks. " They're a pair of duffers," "Judy!" '. A vulgar pinch of snuff clears the brain, my dear. I'm better already, and I deliberately repeat that Rawson and Le Pole are duffers." Order," cried Elsie. Judy took the floor with a spring, her piquant face aglow with defiant mischief, and her eyes sparkling with a spirit of arch raillery. " Mr. Speaker " - she looked towards a toy automaton on the mantle piece-" I am not out of order, I am too sadly in order. When two honourable members go at each other, hammer and tongs, for no other purpose but to prove themselves the best man." " Judy, dear, remember Sir Boyle Roche.' "If the learned member for Eustianshiro knows what I mean 118 needn't mind what I say' retorted Judy. "Then he won't," laughed Elsie. " Each to prove himself the best man," she went on, " and rig them- selves out in the cast-off garments, be these blue or buff, of an effete aristocracy, what Mr. Speaker, are they but duffers? The people, sir, want definiteness in principles and in action. Each section of the great human community has its own special interest at stake, and that to it, is its Alpha and Omega of politics. Topsy Turvey, with its 2,000 electors, wants a free tap, as well as a free breakfast-table. Give them a man who " hops " with them, and the Queen may present Gibraltar as a Christmas box to her trusty cousin, the Czar of all the Russians, for aught it care . It is the tendency of modern constituencies, the' crime, sir, of most, to be venial!. The learned member for bathos " - she indicated the whereabouts of a set-back-" agrees with my honourable friend the member for Fustiaushite, that patriotism is a losing game; but. Mess Speaker, how can a game the " loss " that is never played. Agitation, is not patriotism, and nations are getting too mixed up to be individual. It is a very shy world, Mr. Speaker. It is the fashion to say we must look for truth in poetry, only, not in history. If that be so, then the poet's dream, the federation of the world, draws near. Bosh, sir. Bosh ! A conglomeration of impossibilities. I hold a cosmopolitan a traitor to humanity." I " Question," laughed Elsie. " Sir, the question runs through my argument. But I deny that patriotism is a losing game, it is a virtue, and is, ' virtue alone is happiness below,' so the poet sings, is not happiness worth playing for? No sir, don't tell me that patriotism is off the boards. It is its counterfeit, transcendent list ! hissed off by the ^ irresponsible apostles of idiotic com- .' mon sense." The luncheon gong sounded. Judy came down from her pegasus and seized her hat " "I had no idea it was so Life," she ' said, " I must be off. Cousin Egbert is at the Lodge to-day. I don't want to state for luncheon." She bènfllo¡vii 'aud-Icissea-lSlsier-*»«-~ Child," whispered the litter, de- fining her hand, "you never said who you are wishing for at Oxrainstor, the lord or the commoner." " Th it's just what I didn't know myself," was the answer, given gravely, if not fretfully. Elsie looked at her searchingly. ? She tossed her head impatiently, a sure sign with July tri at she was at war with herself, then with an affects lieu of indifference, she added lightly, .'. By the lime Ot'uins'cr has made up its mind I'll, understand 1 things better, but I should like them both -' to win." Judy, dear, you can * tell me one thing, whose speeches do you like best?" July knitted her brows, writhed her prisoned hand without trying to a draw it from the firm retaining grasp, and at last, as in sheer desperation, said, -- of "Just the one I read last, and she was off. A mischievous impulse brought her back She put her head in at the door, and cried, " Which do you ?" " I think both's best." was the answer, given with laughing an ice prepense. July was very quiet; at luncheon. She was preoccupied. Lady Margaret Dredger and the Cricket had, on two occasions since her memorable visit to Mary by Grange, driven over and spent the day at Egbert Lodge.- The last time Lord Albany accompanied them. He was very sanguine as to the success of his son Mr. Rout understands the people," he said, "and cm pull the wires cleverly. He knows to a man those in my interest, and Sir Oscar was a very old friend ofinine." The Squire hinted that the Liberal papers seemed equally sure of their man. To be continued 