THE TALK OF THE TOWN. BY JAMES PAYN, Author of "By Proxy," &c.;, &c;, CHAPTER XtlL THE PROFESSION OF FAITH. Two .days after Margaret's letter was dispatched there was great news from the Temple. Not even on the first day, when "William Henry had" won Mr. Erin's heart by Shakspeare's note of hand, had the young man's face been so full of promise as when he came in that evening. On the former occasion anxiety and doubt had mingled with its expectancy, but now it was flashed with triumph. The difference of manner with which he produced his new discovery was also noticeable. It was not only that he felt assure of the assent of his audience (who were, indeed, but his nncle and Margaret) as of his own, but he displayed a certain selfconsciousness of his own position. He was no longer an nnknowii lad, seeking for the favour of one who should have been his natural protector, for he had already won it. It was true he was still dependent upon him for the means of livelihood, and for something tha,t he prized as highly as existence: itself ; but Mr. Erin had in some Bort. on the^ other hand, become aependent on nim. THR reputation as a Shakspsadan collector and . critic, . which was _ very .dear toLhim,- had been immensely-increased by his son's discoveries. The newspapers and_magazines,prere>full of his'good fortune ; and even those ^hich ^disputed the genuineness' of his newly acquired possessions made them the. subject of "contrntied comment, and added fuel "to bis 'notoriety. If such a metaphor can be tteed without offence in the case of a gentleman-of years and learning, Mr. Samuel Erin gased at William Henry with muoh the -same air .of expectation as a very sagacious old dog regards his young master, whom he saspects of having some ftoothsoipe morsel in his pocket; he nas too much respect for his own dignity to " beg" for it by sitting up on his hind legs, or barking, but he moves his tail from side to side, and his month waters. The young gentleman did not at first even produce hiBprize, but sat down at table with a cheerful nod that seemed to say —" I have found it at last, and by the sacred, bones that rest by Avon's stream, it is worth the finding." "Well, Willie," exclaimed Margaret, impatiently, " What is it 2" The young man gravely produced two halfsheets of paper. At the signt of it, for he knew that it was not. the new "Bathi > 08t,"the antiquary's eyes glistened, ! " Mr. Erin " began William Henry. "Why not call me ' father,' Samuel?" put in the old man, gent'y; if it was the sense of favours to! come that moved him, it was at least a deep and genuine sense of then). : Margaret's fair face glowed with pleasure, f - "1 have often heard you say, father, that yon wished^ above; all > things to discover what were, in reality, Shakspeare's religions convictions." Tho antiquary -nodded assent,— but said nothiqg; jtoe intensity 1 of expectation,, indeed, precluded speech; the perspiration came out upon his forehead. "It distreraea' you, I know, to believe it possible—as, -indeed; the 1 language used by the jGhost .in "jfcmlet" would seem to imply—that he. was of the-Catholic persuasion. lii the' profession of faith found - at "Spurious," put in Mr. .Erin, -mechani- •cally: "thatfool, Malone, believed in it-j-' . Tiobody-elser 11 ~ ,.. \- ' .Tbia was' aot^tgnite iii "accordance with: fact} for ininy : .m6"n£l»s- ? l'he' '-Whole Shake-' pearian wipnld h£4-admitted its authtaticity.' '' KftTiaalbeea? Ifue. however, it would, have offended your sense of the fitness of things.',',' r'.-', .' ; , Ko doubt; still we most tike things as theyasetJly weisOf" 1;;!=. > ,-..• 1 Even ifatshonldturn out*hat Shakspeare J mas not sogood aJProtestan^aa; he ougntto;! be,-the valae .of a genuk»i manratdipt was ' not to be,depreciatea. tv r'-v^,? ; ;; •" this jda^.-»so'jiortunate ag discover what will put ,alLdoubts at rest, upon tkjs poiafc. Shakspeare was a Pro- ^ testant." ' , • r - . . Thank: heavenJ" murmnred JMT. EriOj piously, "If you--have done this, my son, yon have advanced; the 'claims ^of true religion j and quickened <he steps of civilization • throughout the world. 31 - Margaret's eyes opened very wide (as well they might), but they only beh'rld William Henry. She had; been, wont to rally htgi upon his vanity, and especially upon the hopes he had."built upon Ms poetical gifts. Yet how much greater a mark was he making in the world than his most .sanguine aspirations had imagined., And how quiet and unastuming he looked! The modest way in her even mors than, the honours themselves. < "After all,'Maggie,'' he would say. after receiving the congratulations ofthe dilettanti, ; " it is nothine butlu<jk," ! AB he straightened Out the half-sheets of paper on the table, where their, homely I supper' stood* untouched and unnoticed," he only permitted himself a smile of gratification. .. ! "It is too long," he said, " to read aloud, and the old spelling is difficult." His uncle drew Ms chair close to him, on one side, and Margaret did the like on the other, so that each conld read for themselves. Their looks were full of eagerness.; ' the one was thinking of Shakspeare and j Samuel Erin, the other of William Henry and—longo intervcdlo—of William Shaks- * peare. ' The MS., which was headed " William Shakspeare's Profession of Faith," ran as f o l l o w s I WILLIAM SHAKSEEAHE'S PROFESSION' OF FAITH. I I beynge nowe offe sounde Mynde doe hope thatte thys mye wyshe wiHe, att mye deathe, bee acceded toe, as I nowe lyre in Londonne, and as mye sonle maye perchance soone quittee thys poore bodye, itte is mye desire thatte inne suche case I maye bee carryed toe mye'native jilace, ande thatte mye Bodye bee there quietlye interred wythe as little pompe as canne bee, and I doe nowe, inne ' these mye stryouse moments, make thys myee professions of faythe, and which I doe moste solemnlye . believe. I doe mste looke toe oune lovynge and Great?' .God ena toe his glorious Sonne Jesus. I doe alsoe beleyve thatte thys mye weske and frayle 1 Bodye wille returns to duste, butte for mye soule , lette God judge thatte as toe himselfe shall seeme meete. U omnipotente and greate God I am f ulle < offe synne, I doe notte tlnnke myeselfe wortbye offe j tbye g' ace and yette wille I hope, forre evene thee I poore prysonene whenne bounae with gallying } irons evene he wQle hope, for Pittye aud whenne the teares of sweete repentance bathe hys wretched < pillowe he then -looks-and. hopes for pardonue -J thenne rouse myeeoule and lette hope, thatte sweete j cherysher offe all.'afforde thee comforte also. O J Manue whatte arte thou whye consideres thou thyeselfe thus gratelye, "where are thye great, thye boasted attrybutes; buryed, loste forre everre in colde Death. ' O Manne whye sttemptest thoa toe saarche the greatnesse off the Almyghtye thou doEte butte |loose ; thye iaboure. More thou, attempteste, more arte thou loste, tille thye poore weake thoughtes arre elevated toe theyre suminite and thenne as snowe from the leli'ee tree droppe and dystylle themsdves tille theye are noe more. 0 God, mannp as I un frayle bye -nature, fulle offe synne, yette great God receyve me toe thye bosomme wbereaBe is sweete contente and bappyness site is blyss where dy&contente; \- isse neverre hearde, bntte where oune Sonde offe freyndeshippe unytes alle Menne forgive O Lorde alle onr synnes, ande with thye greate goodnesse take usse alle toe thye Breaste.; O cheryshe usse like the sweete chickenne thatte under. the coverte offe herre spreadynge wings Beceyves- herre lyttle Broode and hoverynge . ovetre themme keepes themme hanhleBse and m safetve. WM. SHAKSPEAHE. Margaret finished the perusal of the MS. before her uncle: her quicker and more youthful eye would probably have done so in any case, bat his reverence for the matter forbade rapid reading ; she waited respectfully, bnt also with some little apprehension, for the expression of his opinion. " This is a godsend 1" he exclaimed at last, with asigh that had almost as much relief as satisfaction in it. " There can be no longer any doubt abont Shakspeare's creed. Is it not beautiful, and full of humility, my child 2" " Yes, uncle." She knew that the least fault-finding would be resented, yet she could not shut out from her tone a certain feeling of disappointment; "it is hardly, however, so simple as I should have expected." Not simple 1" exclaimed the antiquary in amazement; "I call it the most natural efiueion of a sincere piety that it is possible to imagine. The diction is solemn and -dignified as the subject demands. There are, indeed, some minute peculiarities of phraseology, and the eld spelling to one unaccustomed to it may, as William Henry has observed, be a little difficult; but of all the accusations you could bring against it that of a want of simplicity, my dear Maggie, is certainly the xnoBt frivolous and vexatious."fl " i know I am frivolous," replied Margaret, with a sly look at her smiling cousin, " but certainly did not intend to be vexatious, uncle." "Nay, nay, I was only quoting a legal phrase," said Mr. Erin; he had gently drawn the two precious manuscripts to himself, and laced an elbow on each of them in sign of Eaving taken possession. "In a case of this kind 1 need not say that anything in the way of criticism as to ideas or style would be out of place, and indeed blasphemous; but no one can blame you for seeking in a proper spirit for enlightenment on this or t'aat point." Margaret looked up at William Henry, and with a half-roguish aud wholly ckariuiag smile enquired " May I ?" "ily dear Maggie," returned the young man, laughing outright, " why, of cours-i VOJ may. Even if you detected t!ie immortil lard in an erio-. it woul.l be no businssd of mine to defend him." "I should think not, indeed," mattered Mr. Erin. " What I was thinking." Baid Margaret, "was that'if yon, Willie, or Mr. Talbot (who informed us the other night, you know, that he was a poet) had written those lines about spreading her wings over her little brood it would have Deen considered plagiarism." "What then?" enquired Mr. Erin contemptuously. "It is the peculiar province of a genius such as Shakspeare's to mike everythir.p his owz He improves it by addition. " The ideain question, however, is taken from the New Testarnent," observed Maggie. To most people, this remark, which was delivered with a demureness that did the young lady infinite credit, would under the circumstances have been rather embarrassing. It did not embarras Mr. Samuel Erin in the least. " What piety it shows ! What knowledge of the Holy Scriptures!" he ejaculated admiringly. " How appropriate, too, when we take the subject into consideration—a confession of faith!" " True. I am not quite sure, however, whether the substitution of a chicken for a hen is an imnrovement." " Now, there I entirely differ from you," exclaimed Mr. Erin ; "just mark the words— ' 0 cheryshe uBse like the sweete chickenne thatte under the coverte offe herre spreadynge wings receyves herre lyttle Broode and hoverynge over themme keepes themme harmlesse and in sifetye.' What tenderness there is In that 'sweete chickenne.' Whereas a hen—a hen is tough. We must understand the expression of course as a general term for the fen; ale species of the fowl. None, to my mind, but the most determined and incorrigible caviller can ha7e one word to say against it. I have settled that I think, my dear, to your satisfaction ; and do not suppose that what you say has annoyed me. If anything else strikes yon, pray mention it. Objections from any source—provided only that they are reasonable"—a word he uttered very 'significantly—"will always have "my best attention welcome them." "Indeed, uncle, J am not-so audacious as to propound objections. . There is one thing, however, that seemed to me a little Incomprehensible." " Possibly, my dear." he said, with a smile of contemptuous -good-nature, which seemed to add, I am not so rade as to say' probably.'" • - He"took his elbows off the MS., though he still hovered above it (like the chicken) while she ran her dainty finger over it, taking care, however, not to toach the paper. "Ah. here it is, 'As snowe frommethe lenee tree.' .Now, considering that snow falls' in winter, when the trees are bare, don't yon think the word should have been ' leafless.'" " An ordinary person would no doubt have written * leafless,'" admitted Mr. Erin—an uigenious observation enough, since, in the. first place, it suggested that an extraordinary genius could have done nothing of the kind, and«econdly» itpdemanded no rejoinder; it ' gave the-antiquary time to cast about him for some line of defence. He produced his microscope and examined the word with great intentness, but it was " leffee" and not "leafless" beyond all doubt. "It is probable," he presently observed, "that Shakspeare's pinute attention to nature may have caused him, when writing these most interesting words, to have a particular tree in his mind: when, indeed, we consider the topic on which, he was writing—death—what is more likely than that his thonghts should have reverted to some churchyard yew ? Now the'yew, my child, is an evergreen." , HereJFrank Dennis's well-known voice was heard in the little hall without. He must have started for'London, therefore,' on the instant that 'he' received Margaret's letter. Her heart had foreboded that it would be so, notwithstanding the pains she had taken to make it appear otherwise ; she knew that it was her wish that had summoned him, and that he had. been sent for, as it were, under false;pretences. Much as she esteemed him, fihe. WOuld have preferred the appearance of ~any:one- else, however indifferent, such as Mr;J£egiuald Talbot. (Strange to say,. Mr. Samuel Erin, though it was lat his own express desire ,tnat Frank Bennis had been invited, was Just at that moment of the -same way of thinking as his niece. If that little difficulty about the epithet " leffee 1 ' had not occurred all would have been welL This new discovery of the Confession, "had it been' flawless, must need have' converted the most confirmed of sceptics, and in his crowning triumph he would have forgiven the young fellow all his former doubts; but, though to the eye of faith this little flaw was of no consequence, it would certainly give occasion not only for the ungodly to Wasijheme—for that they would do In any case—but to the Wfcveref to cling to his doubts. If, on the spar of the moment, Mr. Erin could have explained the matter to his own satisfaction he would have felt no qualms, but he was secretly conscious that that theory of the evergreen tree would not hold water. It might satisfy a modest enquirer like Margaret, but a hard-headed, unimaginative fellow like Frank Dennis would not be so easily convinced. As for William Henry, although Frank and he were by no means ill friends, it was not likely that he should have been pleased to see this visitor, whose presence must needs interrupt the tete-d-tStes with which he now indulged himself every evening with Margaret, and, though he was no longer jealous of his former rival, it was certain that he would much have preferred his room to his company. The welcome that was given by all three to the new comer was, however, cordial enough. " You are come, Dennis," cried Mr. Erin, taking the bull by the horns, " in the very nick of time. William Henry has to-day found a treasure beside which his previous discoveries sink into insignificance—'AConfession of Faith,' by Shakspeare, written ' from end to end in his own hand." I "That must indeed be interesting,"said Frank. His tone, however, was without excitement and mechanical. His countenance, which had been full of friendship (though when turned to Margaret it had had, she ! thought, an expression of gentle melancholy), I fell as he uttered the words; a gravity, little short of disapproval, seemed to take posses- ] sion of it," " Hang the fellow," murmured Mr. Erin to ' himself, "he's beginning to pick holes I already." " It is the most marvellous and ! conclusive evidence," he went on aloud, " of - Shakspeare's adherence to the Protestant faith that heart can desire; but there's a word here that we are in doubt about. Just read the MS. and see if anything strikes you as anomalous," _ Frank sat down to his task. The expression of the faces of the other three would have -required the art of Hogarth "himself to depict tnem. • That pf Margaret's was full of EOITOW—pain for herself, and distress for Frank, and annoyance upon her uncle's account. - How she regretted having made that stupid objection, though she had done it with a good motive, since she foresaw that it_ would presently be made by muoh less friendly critics! Why could she not have been content to let m&tters; take their own course, as Willie always was ? On his brow, on the other hand, there sat a certain serenity. From the very first his attitude with respect to his own discoveries had been one of philosophic indifference. Nothing ever roused him from it, not even wben the scepticism of others took the most offensive form. He had not, he said, "the learning requisite for the defence 01 'the faith' that was. in him," and, moreover, it did not concern him to defend it. He was merely an instilment; the metter in question was in the hands of others. This was of course by no mcti the view which Mr. Erin took. He had not only the confidence, but the zeal of the convert. If he would not himself , have gone to the stake in defence of the genuineness of his newfound treasure, he would very cheerfully have sent thither all who disputed it. He was regarding his friend Dennis now, as he plodded through the Confession, with anything but amicable looks, but when he marked his eye pass over that weak point in his armour with which we are acquainted, without stoppage, his brow cleared a little, and he gave a sign of relief. "Well," he enquired gently, "what say you'! Have you ionnd the error, or does it seem to you all straight sailing f" "I had really rather not express an opinion," said Dennis quietly. " But if you press me I mast needs confess that the whole composition strikes me as rather rhapsodical." mintM "Does it? Then I on my part must needs confess,*' returned the antiquary with laborious politeness, " that I have the misfortune to disagree with you." To thiB observation the young man answered not a word ; his face looked very grave and thoughtful, like that of a man who is in doubt about some important course of conduct rather than of a mere literary enquiry; nevertheless his words, when they did come, seemed to concern themselves witn the latter topic only. "I doubt," he said, "whether the word ' accede' "—here he pointed to the phrase "after my deathe be acceded to"—"was in use in Shakspeare's time." "And what if it was not?" broke in the antiquary, impatiently. " How many words in old times are found in the most correct v,-liters which it would be vain to hunt for in any dictionary ?—words which, though destitute of authority or precedent, are still justified by analogy and by the principles of the lan^ta^e. Aid who : I should like to know, mised new words with such licence as .Shakspeare himself? As to the matter of fact v.hich you dispute, however, that can be tettled at once.'' The antiq-.iary stepped to his bookcase and took down a volume. " This is Florio's dictionary, published in 1611. See here," he added triumphantly, " ' Accedere, to Accede or assent to.' If Florio mentions it I suppose Shakspeare may have used it. Your objection, young sir, is not worthy of the name." Dennis hung his head; he looked like one who has suffered not only defeat but humiliation. The criticism offered on the spur of :the moment had been, in reality, advanced by way of protest against the whole •document, and now that it had failed be was ! very unwilling to offer anything further in ; the way of disparagement, j fie had his reasons for absolutely declining to fall in with Mr. Erin's views in the matter; but it would have given him great distress to quarrel with hiir.. Unhappily, an antiquary, the genuineness of whose curios has been disputed, is not often a chivalric antagonist. It IB his habit, like the wild Indian and the wilder Irishman, to dance upon his prostrate foe. "The obstinacy of the commentator," resumed Mr. Erin, " is proverbial, and is on some Accounts to be excused, but the strictures suggested bv ignorance and malignity are mere carping. " Bret it _was yourself, sir," pleaded Dennis, " who invited.criticism. I did not volunteer it" "Criticism, yes but not carping. Now there is:a word here, 'continued Mr. Erin, not sorry to beibeforehand with his adversary in pointing out the hlot. " Here is the word "leffee" where one would have expected leafless.® Now we should be really obliged to you if your natural Bagacity which is considerable, -oould explain the reason .of the substitution. I have already given expression to a theory of my own upon the subject, but we shall be glad of any new suggestion. Why is it 'leafy' instead of 'leafless?'" "I should think it was simply because the writer made a mistake," xabierved De nnis quietly. Everybody, the speaker included, exected an outburst. That Shakspeare could Eave made a mistake was an assertion which they all felt would to Mr. Erin's ear sound littl.e leEs than blasphemous. To their extreme astonishment he nodded adhesion. "Now that is really very remarkable, Dennis," he exclaimed; " a new idea, and at the same time one with much probability in it. He was writing currente calamo—there is scarcely a break in the composition, you observe, from first to last—and it is quite likely that he made this clerical error. What is extremely satisfactory is that your theory, supposing it to be the correct one, as I think it is, puts the genuineness of the document beyond all question, for if a forger had written it it is obvious that he would have been very careful to make no such departure from verisimilitude!" CHAPTER XIV. THE EXAMINERS. Notwithstanding the powerful motives iu connection with its munificent bnt unknown donor that impelled Mr. Samuel Erin to keep " the Confes8ioh of "Faith" a secret confined to his antiquarian friends, the thing was obviously Impossible. It would have been almost as difficult, had the Tables of the Law been verily discovered upon Mount Sinai, to restrict the news to a few members of the religious public. The discovery, and the discoverer, William Henry Erin, became " the Talk of the To^n." It seemed to Margaret impossible that the meritorious though fortunate young fellow could ever become more famous; but the possibilities of greatness are infinite : his foot, as it turned out, was only on the first rung of the ladder. The modest house in Norfolk-street became a sort of metropolitan Stratford - on - Avon; it was absolutely besieged by the antiquarian and • learned world". Mr. Maloiie, the commen tator, indeed (who had not been invited), publicly announced his intention of not examining the-MSS., " lest his visit should give a countenance to them, which from; the secrecy that was observed relative to their discovery they were not entitled to." Mr. Steevens took the same course, as did also Dr. Farmer, Lord Orford, and the Bishops of Durham aud Salisbury. The air was thick with their pamphlets and loud with their denunciations. But there were more fish than these in the Shakspearian seas, and quite as big. ones, who were of a different opinion. Some of -them came to scoff, but remained to _ admire and believe ; others, calm and critical, examined and were convinced ; others, again, arriving in a reverent spirit, were tilled with satisfaction and affected even to tears. Under these circumstances, his own go6d faith being attacked, as well as these predfous treasures being maliciously denounced,3dr. Samuel Erin took a bold course. OuaJJable is his sanctuary, side by side with the new discovery, wa£ placed another "Confession of Faith" in the validity of the MS. in question, which visitors were invited to sign. They were not, of course, compelled to do it; but having expressed their belief in the genuineness of the document, it seemed not unreasonable that they should commit it to paper. In some cases they were rather humorous scenes. Antiquaries, as a rale, are not very eager to permanently endorse with their authority the treasures which are not in their own possession; they have even been known to express a Cheerful belief in that or this, and afterwards, when unpleasant evidence turns up, to deny that they ever did believe in it; and Mr. Erin, who knew Latin, was an admirer of the ancient line, Ultra scripta manet, which literally translated means, " One can't well wriggle out pf one's own handwriting." As pilgrims did not pay for the privilege of admission to view these sacred relics, they were naturally inclined to be civil to their custodians, and, when sufficiently convinced of the genuineness of what they saw, to express themselves with more effusion and enthusiasm than the case demanded. As the paper in question was worded very modeBtly, but with extreme distinctness, there was no alternative for the impulsive person but to sign it. "Delighted to have seen you," Mr. Erin would say, as he pressed the hand of his departing guest; "your unsought- for and enthusiastic testimony has been most gratifying to me." " Don't mention it, my dear sir, it is I who have been delighted. It has been a privilege indeed to have set eyes upon so valuable and absolutely authentic a document." " Then, just as a matter of form, be so good as to add your name to this already lengthy roll of Shakspearian critics; it will be the very keystone of the edifice of our faith." The faces of some of these enthusiasts at this modest and reasonable request would fall from zenith to nadir. They could not eat their own words, but they looked as i f they would like to have eaten Mr. Samuel Eriu. • William Henry, who had a strong sense of humour, was sometimes compelled to rush from the room and hide his face, bedewed with tears of laughter, upon Margaret's shoulder. These paroxysms used rather to distress her. " O, Willie, Willie, how can you be so frivolous, she would gar, "on a matter, too, that is so fraught with good or evil to both of us?" " Oh, but if you could only see them, my darling," he 'would reply, "so civil, so beaming with courtesy ana enthusiasm, and then all of a sudden—like a sportsman in a small way, who, boastfal of his prowess, finds himself face to face with a wild boar— alarmed, astounded, and without the least hope of escape—you would laugh, too. Then when they won't sign it is almost even better fun. Porson was here this morning; the great Dr. Porson, who knows as much Ureek as Troilus did, and certainly can write it better. He drank half a bottle of brandy, a pint of usquebaugh, and all the miscellaneous contents of your uncle'u spirit ease, and, though he had said but little, was taking his leave in what Beemed a state of complete good humour and batisfaction, when Mr. Erin requested the honour of his signature. Then he drew himself up as stiff as a pointer at a" partridge. " 'I thank you, Sir,' he said,' bat'I never subscribe my name to any profession of faith whatever.' The disbelieving old heathen! I really thought your uncle would have kicked nim into the street." " Oh, bnt I am sorry so aboat Dr. Porson." " Why, my darling ? He was not really kicked, you Know. Don't be sorry for Porson ; be sorry for me. If I didn't find some amusement in these people I believe I should go mad. You have no idea what I suffer from them, their examinations and cross - examinations — for when they are sceptical ithey are cross-examinations—their pomposity and pretence are well-nigh intolerable. I don't know whether their patronage or their contempt is the most offensive." It was quite true that these investigations were not always a laughing matter to William Henry. _ On one occasion there was a regular committee of enquiry, composed of what might well be called bigwigs, folks of the highest reputation in matters of erudition, and most of them in full-bottomed perukes. The Rev. Mr. Wharton, the commentator, was one of them, solemn as Porson had been, and much more sober; Dr. Parr, the divine and scholar, pompous yet affable, in ecclesiastical apparel, with shovel hat and apron; Pye, the poet laureate, combining the air of a man of letters with the importance belonging to a Government official; and half a dozen other grave and reverend 6ignors. The 10cm was specially arranged for their reception. Mr. Samuel Erin sat at the head of the ta u >lc in tli-i Siiakstearian chair that he had imioha.e.i .;in Anne Hathaway's Cutt.i^e. Tiic Confession of I'aith was spread before tiiese l^arnml epicures as tliuugh it was something to eat. 1 heir eyes ele-vourrd it. Willia-n Henry na l a chair to himself a little removed, ready to I answer all enquiries. It was by far the most serious examination to which he had been subjected, but he acquitted hiu self very welL He had nothing, he said, to tell than but the simple truth. & s to the genuineness of the document in question, he knew nothing, and had not even an opinion to offer on the subject. These visitors were not Mr. Erin's personal friendB; they did not fall into raptures, or affect to do so; they were by no means so courteous as the ordinary folks who came from curiosity; they had been invited for the special purpose of having their minds satisfied, or of coming to an adverse conclusion. It was like the Star Chamber, and they did not (as ii seemed to William Henry) spare the thumbscrew or the boot. After an hour or two of this gentle pressure, Mr. Wharton observed, " Your testimony, young man, as far as it goes, is satisfactory to us, while your behaviour does you great credit." " \'es," assented Dr. Parr, " I think, Mr. Erin, you have a son of whom you may be justly proud. I heard you address hiji as Samuel; it is a gratifying coincidence to me that it is also my baptismal name." Mr. Erin felt that it would be discourteous as well as embarrassing to undeceive him. Then Mr. Pye was asked to read the Confession of Faith (which had by this time been fully investigated and discussed) aloud, which he did in a solemn and sonorous voice, with the company reverently upstanding as during Divine Service. Then, amid a profound silence. Dr. Parr delivered himself as follows— " Sir, we have very fine passages in our Church Services, and our Litany abounds ia beauties: but here, sir, is a man who has distanced us all." Most of the learned company bowed assent, and two, who were Noncomformists. murmured " Hear, hear." The tears trickled down Mr. Erin's cheeks ; it was the proudest moment, so far, in the old man's life. Later on in the day another gratifying circumstance took place. A visitor called, who either had not received his invitation in time, or, what was more probable, not wishing his personal importance to suffer by comparison with that of others, had preferred to come alone. His face was fat and puffy, and exhibited an unparalleled self - sufficiency. He had a sharp nose, a double chin, and eyebrows superciliously elevated—he carried a goldheaded cane in his hands, clasped behind him, and spoke in a thick, slow voice. Mr. Erin received him with great respect, and submitted his literary treasure for examination_ with an unwonted humility. The investigation was a prolonged, and apparently an exhausting one, for the visitor called three times (as though he had been in a public-house) for hot whisky and water ! As Dr. Porson had drunk all there was in the case, Margaret herself, who kept the key of the cellar, took him in a fresh bottle, and curiosity compelled her to remain. Her presence seemed somewhat to distract the attention of the guest from the precious manuscript. " No doubt authentic," he murmured, "and devilish pretty; antiquity is stamped upon it." " And the right sort of antiquity," suggested Mr. Erin. "It has the stamp ofthe time." " Just so. I should think twenty years of age, at most." "Sir?" ejaculated his host. " I mean the usquebaugh," explained the visitor. " Twenty years in bottle at leastdid I say at most ? and plump." Here Margaret was about to beat a retreat, when the gentleman rose. "One moment, young lady," he said ; " you do not know who I am. It will be something to tell yourchildren's children that James Boswell, of Auchinlech, Esq. (here he suited the action to the word) chucked you under the chio." William Henry felt greatly inclined to resent this liberty, but Mr. Erin only smiled approval. "Another glass," said Mr. Boswell, and proceeded with his investigations. Presently, without a word of warning, he threw himself on his knees and pressed his lips to the MS. " I kiss these invaluable relics of onr bard," he said, "and thank heaven that I have lived to see them. Would that my late revered friend, the great Lexi—the great Lexicog"-— Emotion of various kinds prevented liis completion of the sentence; and Mr. Erin led him with a gentle violence to the table on which lay the list of signatures, to which he added his name, though, it must be confessed, in a handwriting that was rather illegible. 