Intercolonial News. Our Sydney Letter. [PROS! OUB OWN C0BBK3P0NDKNT.] The Parliament is to be immediately dis solved. That is the extraordinary piece of intelligence that was circulated in the city yesterday afternoon. "When the Hoase met for business at the usual hour, the Sergeant- at Arms handed a document to the Speaker ; at the same moment, the Premier laid a paper on the table, and then startled hon. members by saying, "I wish you good-bye. gentle men.". After that laconic address, it needed not that the Speaker should read the document in his h ind to inform the House what it embodied. Everybody know at once that it was a proclamation proroguing Parlia ment. And saoh indeed it was Sir Alexander Stuart's words of farewell supplied a partial explanation of the sudden event that took place. Siuoe his return from New Zealand it his been apparent to everybody that .not only was he unfit for the exoitement of political life, bnt it was certain he would never again be fit But he would not believe this fact, and there fore he expressed his intention of again appear ing before his constituents at the next election. His colleagaes saw that if he adhered to this intention the downfall of the Ministry would be the inevitable consequence. Like loyal men, ' howevor, they stuck to their chief, aud continued to do more than half of his ministerial duties. But the '* Parlia mentary. Proceedings" of the present week convinspd several of them that that policy most be abandoned, and Sir Alexander asked to retire. Accordingly, a cabinet meeting was held yesterday at 3 o'clock, when the subject j was discussed. It has not been announoed that the Premier was requested in the meeting to resign; bnt it is very well known that that was the first business transacted, and that tiir Alexander Stuart recognised the propriety of the request, aud intimated his intention of doing at once what his colleagaes desired. Of oourse that step when taken would necess'tate the reconstruction of the Ministry, and that again, in this case at all events, would neces sitate an appeal to tho country. Therefore the prorogation preparatory to the dissolution of rarliamentwassgreedupon. Thcdiasolutionwas also rendered necessary by the obstructionist tactics of the Opposition. At the beginning of the session they saw plainly that by fol lowing ordinary methods of uttack they had not the ghost of a chance ef ousting Ihe Government; and, therefore, they agreed among themselves that they woula obstruct all business, no matter of what nature it might be. It was the last resort of desperate a d despairing men. And being a dangerous course it required more than ordinary astute ness aud ability to make it successful. Bat these are precisely the qualities which the Op position lack. They spun out the debate on the first motion of oensuro for nine nights: this was their first false move. The countrr saw that there was really no need for this waste of time, and that the Opposition were responsible for it. As soon as that motion had been got rid of another was instantly tabled ; and while the disoussion on the second was in progress, Sir Henry Parkcs gave notice of a third; and two more were to have been announced yesterday afternoon. During the debate on the first two motions of censure, every Oppositionist who spoke mado it a point of roaring out; or screeching, if be was inoapable of a roar. "Let us go to our masters," " dissolve," "go to tho country." This is ju9t what the Government were de sirous of doing, for they did not want to pre sent a financial statement this year; but their insensate adversaries could not see this. The Opposition having done enough by yesterday morning to thoroughly discredit themselves in the eyas of the public, the Government determined that tho time had come to dissolve. Tbey have hoisted Parkes and his oomrados.with their own petard. The Opposition will now have to discharge the dis agreeable task of justifying their obstruction to ah angry people, who know that the obstruc tion was carried out, not in the iuterests of measures, but solely in the interests of party. Whereas the Government will be able to say, wo brooght in a Health Bill, a Local Govern ment Bill, and several other useful measuits. We were prepared to go on with business and pass these into law, but tho Opposition blocked all our endeavours; judge between us. Mr. Dibbs is certain to be the Premier in the new Ministry. Mr. Oohen, the Minister for Justice, will be dropped; so also probably will Mr. Wright and Mr. Norton. Mr. Wright is an able man, and inoapable of the least aot of corruption, but bis position in the Wright Heaton Company, which has large transactions with the railways, makes it undesirable that he should continue in 'office. The people do not like it, and that is sufficient. The elections *111 probably begin long before the cud of the month, and it may be predicted that, there will be no lack of candidates. In the House* this week Sir , Henry Parkea gave notice of motion for the appointment of a committee to inquire into all the allegations made against Lieutenant Mulholland in con nection with his conduct in the Soudan. As soon as the notice wa« published, the papers printed a statement which showed tlist several jq its ago Sir Henry Parkes resented Parlia ment's interfering iu such a maoner with Volunteer officers, it being in bis judgment the function of the military-authorities to make such inquiries The House had actually passed a resolution appointing a committee to inquire into certain charges against a Captain Rosei, but Sir Henry compelled it to rescind the resolution, on the ground that it implied an unwarrantable interference with the military powers. No one is surprised at all -this, for Sir H my is noted for bis inconsistency. The prorogation, however, mil baffle his little game in regard to Hulholland. i A great deal of indignation was expressed in | the House a few days ago in consequence of. | the Oovernment having appointed a eon of. I Lord Augustus Loftus to be secretary to the I Executive Commissioner, Sir Patrick Jennings, at the forthcoming Colonial and Indian Exhi bition, to be held in London. Sir H*mry Parkee characterised the appointment as a gross job, and withthL opinion the public generally agree. At no time since bis arrival in tbe colony ha3 the young man shown ihst he pos sesses any qualities which entitle him t> the. position. The Premier said he could speak several languages, but to that* Mr. Abigail replied that be was addicted to obscure ways. Ttiv Upp'Ktion will, of course, try to make capital out of the app >intment at the elec- ioor, and it is po-sible they may not be wholly un successful in tbe endeavour. Mr. Augustus Mortis publish el an interest ing ltt'er the other day, in which he proved from c-rtain unassailable facts and statistics that the depression in the wool trade was only a temporary phenomenon, and that in a few months tbe prices might be txp cted t> go np to tbe IS S3 level. The main points in his argument were that the use of wool is extend ing, while the pastures of the world are limited in area; in other words, that there never can come a time when the normal production of the oommodity will be in excess of tbe normal consumption. The present production, he pointed out, is not large enough to provide one . pound of wool per annum, for the population of th).-world; and he explained that the people of Australasia use an average of ten pounds per annum for each individual. The letter has had the effeot of encouraging the large o^asa engaged in the wool trade, and encouragement is the very thing they need in the present emergency. Mr. Dally is going to deliver a lecture on M raday night in reply to Sir Henry Parkes's aiHt-ry address which 1^ referred te in a previous letter. The admission is to be 3s.; but as the lecture is to be delivered. at Manly it is possible he will not get a large audience. The People of the city much a* they may admire | Mr. Dalley, would not pay that sum to hear i him or any other local man on that or any other subjeot. But the lector* ia certain to t>e interesting. The Attorney- General is always at his best when, he is criticising Sir Henry Parkee. (BY tbleqraps.\ (From our own Correspondents.) Cholera Scare at Melbourne. ,„^ ., ,,Meum)T7BK8, October 2.' Iu consequence of the outbreak of cholera at Hongkong, Timor, .and other eastern ports,-the Central Board of ITf&Vdi; resolved yesterday morning to ask for an Order in" Council, authorising the detention and 9c>&rch; of vessels arriving at the Heads from the eastern in fected and non-infeoted ports doling tin preva lence of the epidemic. This action has been resolved on in consequence of tbe unreliable vha^aoter of the medical inspection at Adelaide. If, however, ttepi are taken to have aneffi ient examination of the: vessels made at Adelaide, tho board will reconsider determination. There was nothing in the Adelaide Health Officer's telegram to show that the report that three deaths had ooourred in the Red Sea in the Austral from excessive heat and apoplexy was not simply based on hearsay evidence, and that they might have been from cholera. The board have telegraphed down to the Heads to detain tbe Austral until she has been thoroughly inspected. 3£HLB0tmxs, October 3. Tho Austral reaohed the Heads before 5 o'clock this morning, but was delayed through tho breaking of 8 portion of her machinery. The passengers were examined by the health officer, and then the vessel was allowed to pro ceed up the bay. • 