-ILLORS & POLITICIANS. BY M?or Ass. /a bashful maiden's opinion about elordom generally formed the sub matter of the critique'in which I the honor of making miny debut in olumns of this journal nearly a ago, I will-having grown bolder then-say something about coun rs and politicians in this my last scle for the year 1885. Lest my ht and ability to do soa should be .led in questiond, I will qiuote what ope, the poet, says of the genius 'os of thought and passion all confsed, v himself abused or disabused' ; 'if to rise and half to fall, ed riddle of the world." -re infallable, surely poet must be the llibility. Taking Pope says is t follows as a 'oman MUsT be initely better ion upon the inmenis that y distinguish rs-frear-the of their fellow men. Before g any further, however, I will for menut sake-although it is a bad -principle to concede anything-admit that the lords of creation fancy they can read us ladiesnlike a book.. Therefore I trust they will, acting on the prin ciple that what is good for the gander is good for the goose, in common fair ness acknowledge our right to the same privilege. Well, as I before re marked, being ea woman-a sweet tempered one of course--I deem my self fullyompetent to 'criticise author itavely the qualifications and views of the two classes uider review. Before commencing with our City Fathers whom I believe to be a very fair sample of the civic body collective, I think it but just to myself to state by way of explanation, lest they should -perchance misconstrue my: meaning, thatrI will nt wilfully do aughn s to estrange the warm attachment that at present exists between us; particularly that of Cr. Phipps and osn'amsi Cr. Grigg. Perish the ignoble thought, for to my mind the dearestblessing on earth is to be a councillor and the next to be as wealthy as Cr. Phipps. Conse quently'my'reader can easily perceive that I duly appreciate and reverently respect the splendid person, privileges, and kingly dignity of a Councillor, and would'sooner yield up the ghost than do aught to curtail the priceless prero gatives it is their happy lot to possess. The estimable advantages enjoyed by Councillors are many and various, too numerous to particularise in fact, Of course no sane person outside the charmed circle would think of disputing thle fact that each councillor has a primitive right to the fee simple of all the wisdom in the universe. . Who ever heard of such a sra prier as a councillor, who-in his owniestimation that is-did w not khow more about everything than everybody else put" together No there never was and it may be confidently predicted that there never will be on this globe another such phenomenon who knows more than all the ratepayers on .the roll and any amount to spare, and firmly believes' that he and m wisdom 'are synonymous terms while he sorrowfully deplores thet hopeless obtuseness of his constituents in particular aind +everybody else in general. Such is a Councillor. Before dealing individually with our Coalition Ministry, 1 should like to say' a few words about it collectively. Whether it has--as many say-been sailing uisder false colors ,is now too late to questiot;; but one thing it has shown as clear as the light of day thlat no matter how much a so-called liberal politician may howl and roar when on the stump about his undyinig devotion tooliberal principles, and. his mortal hatred.to things conservative,when it' comnes to a question of £ s. d.. ie. a seat oni the Treasury benches, he will cast his principles and pledges to the four winds of Heavef? Take as an illustration tlhat'blatantdemagogue, the erswhile champion of democracy, Giu ham Besy,; the once loved idol of the workin classieso" What a change e has come o'er.the spirit of that delusive day dream-Berry and a free break-; fast table; Berry and burst, up the.' large estates; Berry for lightening the burdens of the lorking-nian. and' plaeing'tiemn'te'nfold on the shoulders: ,.of, the trich l?Berry,, Ansianans fLr ,ver rang out from the Murray to the §en. But now after being eight years in' power and becomihniigin the meanwhile wealthy on the sweets of offipe, he snubs thise' who hoisted. him' into his present,. position,, retires frem .. office, i with??it hajg' folfilled opsse of Ihis pledges' and appoints hils;elf Agent General. I have seerthe face too of. the lBne. A. It Tucker gushed with anger, his manly breast swell until I expected every moment to see his braces and shoe strings burst with in dignation, when descanting-he as chahirinan of the Closed Roads Goes nhission theui-n the cruel wroigs'the people of Victoria suffered by the Boti of the'ln4nih oieiiopolists fencing in the publis highways oa the colony; yet duriing the three years ie bss been in office he has not had the moral courage to give efect to the recom mondations be made himself when ehairseaje of that Cosmnisfion. I have heard hips rave of the double-deed vil lainy of the Conservative crwd, and have listened to him warping tle simh pletons of voters, not to be led astray by the holl ow. propmses of a Opnstitu tionalist. ' iPom his heated osltpoor ings one would imagine that he would not have tooched any of the scheming, orafty, and untrustworthy lot with a pfebtforkl,. I have heard Iisg awpar by Grahaip Berry till all wsn bUse; s t have,- and you' have, seen how: cont fortably tcould: get io with g(:o. - servative leader. I have heard him, if you'have not, condemn.Graham Berry as being little else than a Conservative, and we all have seen him help to ele vate without a protest one. Conserva tive to i judgeship and another quassi= Conservative (according to his 'own definlition) to 'the" Agent.Generalship, whilst he himself by no act or deed for the past three' years' has shown' him self as possessed of' any principles 'in particular, and 'I see heis still going to stick to the Treasury benches under a Conservative leader. Bali ! a fig for principles.' Screw is the guiding prin ciple of most politicians, and it very certainly has a' wonderful influence on scruples. Yet I presume we will have the hon. A. L. T. coming forward in February and'declaring with his hand on his bosom, that he has been true to the cause and to liberal principles, that he has served the country faithfully, and has drawn a few paltry, pounds in return' for the weary brain sweat which his daily official duties have brought him:; that 'notwithstanding the wor ries and anxieties, the tremendous' re sponsibilities and cares of political life, he is again ready to stand up for the people and manfully fight their battles. Ah well, such buncum takes, more's thihe4 l~ ;-.- 