A TROUBLED SPIRIT. The following singular case is related by Dr. Kerner, and occurred in Germany : — The late Mr. L. St. -, he says, quitted this world with an excellent reputation, being at the time superintendent of an institution for the re lief of the poor, in B , His sou inherited his property, and iu acknowledgment of the faithful services of his father's ojd housekeeper, he took her iuto his family aua established her. in a coun try house, a few miles from B- , which fortped part of bis inheritance. She had been settled there but a short tioqe, when she was awakened in the \- night, she knew not how, aud saw a tall, haggard- looking nxau ;u her room, who was rendered risible to her by a light that seenjed to issue fro© him self, She drew the bedclothes over her head ; but as this apparition appeared to her repeatedly, she became so much alarmed that she mentioned it to her master, begging permission to resign her situa tion, He, however, laughed $t her, tojd her it must be all imagination, and promised to sleep" in he adjoining apartment, in order that she might call him as soon as this terror seized her, He d'd so ; but when the spectre returned she was so much oppressed with horror that she found it impossible to raise her voice. Her master then advised her to inquire the motive of its visits.' This she did ; whereupon it beckoned her to follow, which, after some struggles, she summoned resolution -to do. It then led the way down some steps to a passage, where it pointed out to her a concealed close which it signified to her, by signs, she should open. She represented that she had no key, whereupon it .described to her, in sufficiently articulate words, where she would find one. She proenred the key, and on opening the closet, found a small parcel, which the spirit desired her to remit to the gover nor of the institution for the poor at B , with the injunction that the contents should be applied to the benefit of the inmates ; this restitution be ing the only means whereby he could obtain rest and peace in the other world. Having mentioned these circumstances to her master, who bade lier do what she had been desired, she took the parcel to the governor, and delivered it without com municating by what means it bad corns into her bands. Her name was entered in their books, aud she was dismissed ; but after she was gone they discovered, to their surprise, that the packet con tained an order for thirty thousand florins, of which the late Mr. $t. — =- had defrauded the in stitution and converted to his own use, Mr. St. —sr, jun., was now called upon to pay the money, which he refusing to do, the affair was at length referred to the authorities, aid the housekeeper being arrested, he and she were con fronted in thp court, where she detailed the cir cumstances by which the parcel had come into her possession. Mr. St, — - denied the possibility of the thing, declaring the whole must be, for some purpose or other, an invention of her own. Sud denly, whilst making this defence, he felt a blow upon his shoulder, which caused him to start aud look round, and at the same moment the house keeper exclaimed, " See ! there he stands now. There is the ghost 1" None perceived the figure excepting the woman herself aud Mr. St. r, but everybody preseut, the miuister included, heard the following words, " My son, repair the injustice I. have committed, that I may be at peace !" The money was paid ; aud Mr. St. was so much affected by this painful event that he was seized with a severe illness, from which he with difficulty recovered; 