SPORTING NOTES. THE TURF. Victoria Amateur Turf Clur. (FROM OUU MELBOURNE COURESI'ONDENT.) v Saturday, 25tli April. A race meeting under'tlitf nnspices of the Victorian £ nniteur Turf Club was held this afternoon on the Caulileld course, aud considering the lateness of the season aud the somewhat raw and chilly state of the atmosphere there' was a very fair attendance. In the Steeplechase the horses took the wrong course, and the stewards decided that it should b«5 run over ngaiu. Ihis took place after the last race with the result that Lrrau ville, who came in first in the no-race, was successful again afterwards. The owners of Sir_ Samuel uiU-. Velocipede were lined £20 and .Co respectively tor late scratching. The following were the events . Selling Rack.—Mr. S. Miller's hr f V anna, nil, 2 yrs, ost 121bs (Tuomey), 1; Mr. J. Sunson. s, us hr g Sunstroke, nil, o yrs, 7 st (Blair), 2; Mr.R. 'lhurliug s b g Jack Ashore, £20, t yrs, Sst 41ba (Robertson), b. Estrella aud Lady Loch also started. Handicap Huiidlk Rack.—Mr. L. G. "Wright's br m Minerva, G yrs, 10st51bs (M'Leod), l;Mr. II. Chifney s b g Chatsworth, o yrs, lOst (Chaston), 2; Mr. J. 13. Gill's b g Dunleary, G yrs, Ost lOlbs, including olbs over (Allen), o. Royal Maid, Despatch, Sinking Fund, Tattler, Pride of Oaklands, Zona, and Pcacock were the other starters, GlknHuntlt Handicap,—One mile, Mr. J. Harpers b g Uncas, 3 yrs, G st 7 lb, (Cracknell) 1; Mr. , ^eil. s hi h Duration, -i yrs, Sst 2lb, (T. Brown) 2; Mr. L. W. Ellis' ch h Lord Wilton, 4 yrs, 7 st S lb (bharrad) o. Grace Darling, The Ghost, Surprise, Muscat, Bohemian East Lvnne and Yellow Hammer also went. Handicap Stekplkchase.—Mr. R. Phillips br U Granville, 0 yrs, lOsUlbs (Unlit), 1; Mr. E. Martin s b p Native, aged, 10st71bs (Uird), 2: Mr. J. 1'ilbrow s b g Clarence, aged, 12st (Cree), 3. Blackthorn, Jvmgatou, Tandstieker, Beresford, Pride of the Hill, Dollar, Top sail and Chester also started. The Armadale Handicap.—Mr. R. Love s b or or n Topaz, G yrs, Sst 71bs (Wyman), 1; Mr. A. Halmbourg s bh St. Lawreuce, 4 yrs, Sst luJbs (Sauders),- i; Mr. fe. Grimwood's br li Meander, aged, Sst (.7/Williams),- o. Ace, Hannibal, Seaweed, Distiller, Delamia, Mookra, Nuncio, Gipsy's Warning, Bon Bon, Moab and Biwra Burra also started. CRICKET. The Owl Cricket Club journeyed to Inglewood ou Wednesday last, and succeeded in defeating the local club by one innings and 3D runs. The following are the scores;-Inglewood, first inniugs, 2i; second innings, 29; Owls, first iunimrs,!^. For tho locals Howell and Hawkins with 5, i, nnd 8 respectively wore the most successful as batsman, and for bowling Hnwkins, who succeeded in obtaining the fair average of 7 wickets for Jl. 1'or the Owls W. Parker 23, J. l'arker l;t (not out) and Edwards with 12 were tho highest scorers, and for bowling first iuuin<rs M'Gregor with o wickets for W. Parker 5 for 10, and in tho second innings O^eill with 8 for li, and Allen 2 for 9 obtained tho lest ave rages. At the conclusion of the match the two teams sat down to a spread at the Pelican Hotel, and pre pared in Host Boys'very best style. The usual h>\al toasts, and those of the Inglewood Cricket Club, Owls' Cricket Club, umpires, scorers, host aud hostess, were proposed and duly responded to. The Owls returned to their earn ping grouuds satisfied with what they hud seen, aud the reception accorded them. The return match will come oil'ou the 21tli of May, weather per mitting'. .. __ a ... The return match between the Heart of 1 riendship and Darling Lodges, M.U.I.O.O.F., was played in the Upper Reserve on Saturday, and was won by tlio Darling; the scores being, Darling S2, Heart of !• nend ship o2. The winners wore captained by J. Roach, and tho losers by J, Baruett, In the evening the two teams were entertained by the Heart of Friendship Lodu'e at dinner, at the London Hotel, Bull-street. An excellent dinner having been done full justice to, the usual loyal toasts were given by the chairman, N.G. Audreseu. The health of the winning team was enthusiastically received, and Captain Roach suitably replied. Ihe Losers," " Vice-chairniau," were also drunk. During the evening songs were giveu by Bros. Roach, llouaton, Bailes, Hurry, etc., etc., aud a pleasant even ing was brought to a conclusion by tlio singing ol " God Save the Queen." The match between the Beudigo Tjmted aud \ lew roint first elevens was continued on Saturday, aud re sulted in a draw. The B.U.C.C., who ou the previous Saturduv had lost nine wickets for 160, contiuued their innings." The not out men, A. ?Iae!;ny, t>; and Southby (senr.) '2; made a. very long stand, and before tlie former was caught, increased the score to2V7. Maekay made GO, and Southby, o0 (not out). 'lho\io»v Point made St for the loss of 5 wickets, of which . l.eswic^ made oo (not out), by very good criekci; and 1-ox, It. hobm got 2 wickets for t runs, for the U.U.C.U, and ^ . l>es wick, Woods and Roper, were most successiul for v iew Point. . , , . , T * A special general meeting 01 the haglehawu Junior* Cricket Club will be held this evening in the Exchange Hotel, Eaglehawk, at S o'clock. FOOTBALL. The Sandhurst Imperials (18) opened the season with (2:5) of the Kangaroo Flat at Kangaroo Flat ou Satur day. The Imperial captain, Bradley, won the toss, and the locals kicked off against a slight breeze blowiug down the ground. The visitors soon sent the ball into their opponents' territory, scoring 2 or 3 bemads in succession. After a short stretch of uneventful play the game was forced down to the Flat end, where ^eil sou placcd a goal to the credit of the visitors. time was shortly afterwards called, the game then standing Imperials 1 goal 5 behinds. Kangaroo Ilat nil. On the resumption of play the game continued to bo even until the locals forced the play into the Imperial territory where one of their players had a shot for goal, a behind" only resulting. From this until tinic^ was called tho play was very even, the score this halt being Imperials 3 behinds, Kangaroo Flato belnnds. The final result was, Imperials 1 goal S behinds, Kan garoo Flat 3 heliinds. For the visitors, Sharp (-), \\\rav. Bradley, Donovan, Trevarrow, Miller, Andrews Plaved well, whilst M'Gregor, M'Pherson Trebilcott, Anderson showed good form for the local club. Mr. Gourley made a very impartial liold umpire. Our local correspondent -writes —1 he bugienaNsw and Imperial football clubs, both local clubs, tried conclusions ou Saturday in the Canterbury Pjitiv, in the presence of a large number of spectators. During the first half the game was somewhat evenly contested but in the second half the senior club displayed superiority, and at the conclusion of the game had scored two goals and six behinds to the Imperials one behind. For the victors Charles, Chappie, Leggo, Harvey and Hall played a splendid game ; whilst for the Imperials, Casey 2 Maru and Coughlan distin guished themselves most. Mr. K. Busst as central umpire gave entire satisfaction. A match was played ou baturday between the Arnold street private school and Haveloek-street, which re sulted in a win for the Arnold-street by one gool and 1 hehinds too bcliinds. The best players for the Arnold* street were T. Davis, T. Curry, G. Stephens, and 1. O'Xcill; and for the Hav:loclc-street, bkehan (-), 1. Power, T. Robinson. The goal kicker for the Arno*d btreet was G. Stephen.s 