SMALL DEBTS COURT. Monday, (liefoie the Police Magistrate.) The resignation of Mr. ltcedy, as Bailiff of the Small Debts Court, was road and accepted. Norton v. Hauton. Claim for 15s, balance due for purchase of dray. Plaintiff deposed: He sold defendant a small dray for £3 ; he had received £2 5s on account, and the balance was still due; had applied twice by letter for this amount, and defendant said he owed nothing; defendant had agreed to give £3 for the dray, and on the day of sale had paid £2 5s on account. To defendant: I never sold the dray for 50s ; I might have asked you not to say what you gave for the dray; I never told anyone you owed me 5s on the dray. Defendant deposed: He had been offered the dray for 50s, and had said he would pay £2 5a for it, which was accepted; plaintiff afterwards wrote, asking for 5s more, an'l defendant replied that he owed 110 more, having already paid the amount due; he had not brought that note with him. Plaintiff, in reply to the Bench said a letter ask- 5s had been scut in error. The amount due was 15s. Plaintiff was non-Buited. PUBLIC HOLIDAY.—Thursday, 3rd September, has been proclaimed as a public holiday in the district of Cowra. APPOINTMENTS TO LAND BOAHDS.—Tlie undermentioned nentlemcn have been gazetcd members of local land boards, viz.—Messrs. Alexander M-iddlemiss, Cowra, and Edward Taylor, Young. . YOUNG VOLUNTEER COEPS.— Last Friday's Government Gazette contained the necessary authority for the formation, under fith section of the Volunteer Force Regulation Aot of 1867, of an additional Company of Volunteer Infantry under the Reserve system,'at Young. GoLDMimtto LEASE AFPEOVED.—The undermentioned application for goldmining lease has beeu approved of:—Young district.—J. M, Davey, county of Harden, parish Cumbamurra, 13a, applied for 1st November, 1883. 7 . LAND BOABD MEETINGS. —Meetings of the "Local Land Boards have been notified to be held as under —Young, August 24th, Burrowa, 26th end 27th' August. ACCIDENT.—An elderly man named John Foster residing at Spring Creek, was discovered by Mr.' Smith, blacksmith, lying near a wood heap at the rear of his premises in Main-streot on Saturday morning; Ou examination Foster was found to have his leg broken, and the bone nearly protruding through the skin. He could rive no account as to the cause of the accident, but had evidently stumbled over some obstruction during the previous night, and remained where he fell until picked up in the morning, when he was sent to the hospital and attended to by Dr. Hutchings, SALE OF STUD SHEEP. — Special attention of nockmasters is directed to advertisement of a sale of stud sheep by Messrs. Braim Thompson and Co. which will take place on the P. and A. Associaioth e Se^mto. at Wagg8 Wagga ° n Thn ™^< , P - SHOW.—Intending exhibitors are reminded that entries for the forthcoming afcow of the BurrangongP. and A. Association will dose with the secretary, Mr. Barbei, to- day (Wednesday.) P. AND A. ASSOCIATION.—Committee meeting, held at the Association's rooms, Curtiu's hotel, on Monday lost, Mr. J. A. Mackinnon in the chair. Ihe minutes having been confirmed, it was resolved Lynn's nurl i ds. 2, and 3 £1 Is each for second prixe^'in eiasa V.' sections 1 and 2,10s Od each inlieu of honorable mention, also in class T, section 1, £1 Is in lieu of bon. mention. It was resolved that Mr. Fishburn's nZf , w 2 2 - 8 a,,dMr - Kiog'a £1 Is bo special \- C " lo , alal mutual Insurance .Society's foot ^l g 'j en . forbest 1)100(1 ""»' e wifcli fo.l at 4 F A S r * hat MeS3 ™- G. O'M. Clarke and be asked to choose the plate required for XitS; a S £ e r P r °e ralnmc - Resolved that all nriii^H™^ V. rations 1,2 and 3, and in special P 261 P?. vn ^ Emitted free of charge, mont Sr H lN0 -— As wiU be by advertisel larns ' of Goulburn ia now in town, with r bi^ue < fn^dertak0 aUy WOrk in m^HnTnf D tZ B ™«° Cldb - ~ Ordinary weekly 12?h 8 |W Dcbat i »8 Club, held August vtlt H t ~ M S rs - Hamilton (chair), ^all, W tl 'iJ! h Kline, Cliarleswortb, Bluett M, T r ' ^ ^ Cl,a,, t - Foock, Forsythe e & , 0U e h and Jacobs. New ,n,mbcia—Messrs. \V. Rue and A. Chant I wore nomuiaof p i , n u T- ™ aciaeii, late secretary HvthiT^J° ob , atl,, g Club, offered, through Mr. For- I- - f ° r tllC best , ^y. subject :_«• The tlic for tRlfiW'ii 1161^ Mechanic^' Institute month \ieno °i> the ln , an y-" to '><= handed in one -' ™P° 30 ' 1 ">y Mr- Forsythe " That fra . w " ttc 5 to, asking him to judge the e»- J? 0 , • . f hc f'sineaa of the meeting was « That Zi? 1 W,th ' M r - Hour,,, Premier, moved cnLil l r' 1 '^ ^I",, itsclf into a committee te 1 ^maLlr f' . seconded by Mr. Kliue, and carri e ' 1 - The 1st and 2nd House then adjourned at 10 p.m. tjZ"?™" °F ENGLAND. - Saturday's S. M. Herald, contained the following paragraph concernlng ±he newly appointed incumW of the Church of England parish of St. John, at Young :—<" The Rev. H. F. Hutchens, M.A., who has been doin duty pro tempore at St. Pctcrs's, Ccok's River, anu wno is now leaving for the important chargc of Young, in the diocese of Goulburn, was waited upon at the parsonage on Wednesday by a deputation consisting of the Churchwardens and parishioners, and presented with an address and a purse ol sovereigns in recognition of his attention to the spiritual welfare of the congregation during his pastorate. The members of St. Peter's branch ol the Girls Friendly Society also waited on Mrs. Hutcbens and presented her with an address, accompanied by a handsome workbox, and writing desk, expressive of their appreciation of the interest taken by her in the society, and their regret at her departure. The addresses were suitably abknow- Ied cd by the recipients." The Rev. Mr. Hutclicns, accompanied by Mrs. Hutchens Bud family, arrived here on Tuesday morning, and lie wiil commence bis cleric .1 dutieB in St. John's Church Sunday next. MR. DAMPIER IS HAMLET.—On Monday evening expectation ran high when the curtain in the f. u a V' C Hal1 rose to '' Shakespcar's tragedy of Hamlet." Every seat was occupied, and the standing accommodation at the back was filled up by a densely packed crowd. Nor were the eager and attentive listeners disappointed, for they were afforded a dramatic treat, the like of which has never before been offered to playgoers in this town. Mr. Dampier in the role of Hamlet, fully sustained the reputation he has achieved as one of the ablest living exponents of the character, indeed it would be difficult to name his equal. His movements, emotions, and declamation were all in unison nnd all admirable. If we could point to one passage in which he shone more brilliantly than in the rest it would be his address to the players, which was as fine a piece of rhetoric as lias been uttered upon any stage. Mrs. Edmund Holloway took the part of the Queen of Denmark, aud . showed a thorough knowledge of the same, which stamped her as a olever actress. Miss Katheriuo Russell, an Ophelia, also created a most favourable impressiou. Mr. Holloway represented the ghost, and afterwards Lacrics in n highly creditable manner, aud in the former part especially he was particularly happy. Air. Harry Stonelmm, as Claudius, King of Denmark was also wo thy of especial notice. The remamin» characters were all well filled, and the scenery and other stage accessories far in advance of what we have been accustomed to. It is of len said that Shakespcrian tragedies fail in acquiring popularity with hut country audiences Monday's entertainment wouldgofar to provctbe negativeof'suchan'aBsertit n for the audience from first to last listened witii spell bound attention, and thoroughly appreciated the treat tliey were afforded. We regret that wont of space on this occasion compels us to curtail our notice to shorter limits than the merit of the performance really deserves. 