Intercolonial. Telegrams. ,/IOI'JJIJ? 11 -S [BY SUBMARINE CABLE,] [FROM OUB.OWNOOHHKSPONUKNTS.] J D .. I am VICTORIA MELBOURNE,. TUESDAY. , A stormy meeting of creditors of Luke, Williams and Co, was held to day. The report of the accountants showed a deficit memory of £42,085. Williams went out of the business in March, 1884 and Luke told the creditors that he also had been out of the business for the past 18 months, and that it had been carried on by Mr. Anauotil under the auspices of Henty and do. For the last 12 months Luke received £10 a week for the use of his name, and for his son's services. A motion -was carried for immediate sequestration of the estate, and a committee of inspection was appointed to act with the accountants. r The debate on the Licensing Bill proceeded in the Assembly to day. Mr. Service, who is unwell with a cold, was unable to attend. The wife of, Judge Vyilliains died to day, Those. Orient, brought 2,000 Martini Henry rifles for the Defence Department, and 7,000 are still to arrive from England. Tenders for the third storey to the General Post Office are expected to be called in about six weeks time. The Governor and Ministry have accepted an invitation to the banquet at the National Agricultural Society Show, on the 20th inst. ' ' Dr. Tucker, of Sydney, gave startling evidence before the Lunacy Commission to-day in regard to the Kew and Yarra Bend asylums. He said A they were in a worse condition than any he had visited in Europe, except in Italy and Spain, and wore a disgrace to the colony. They were in a terribly filthy condition, and the arrangements were demoralising, and there were insufficient appliances for employment or recrea- tion, and the asylums were more likely to be said than promote the recovery of patients. He has made various suggestions for their improvement. An old lioness was put under chloroform to-day at the Zoological Gardens and had a tumour removed from the lower jaw. Acceptances for the V.A.T.C. Meeting on Saturday Hurdles - Agent, Huntsman, Sheet Anchor, Star, Guard Fish, Agitation, Hippogriff, Tattler, Duration, Ghost, Oculist, Raven, Tantaliscr, Lisolvont, Vul- can, Ace, and Dovfrcs. Steeplechase Lizotto', Governor, Wymlet, Granville, Minerva, Roticont, Sailor, Lady Ashton, Vulcan, Studley, Black Angel. 