LOCKED IK THE CHARNEL-HOUSE. 4 SEXTONS TALE. I was wandering through one of our tittle village churchyards in Somersetshire, when seeing the sexton coming ap die path, I went over to ljiin, and began to talk. He was a pleasant, garrulous old m-»', aud many a tale did he tell me abont the graves and their occupants; bat none so noticeable as the one I am going to relate. We were sitting on one of the tombstones,, when he said, i( D'ye see yon little motmd ? Well, there's a sad, weirdish story to Jtell about it ; and, if you like to hear it, there's none can tell it better than L ' Finding me as willing to hear the tale as he was to tell it, he began as follows : ?* . ? ' 'Epa a lung time ago, unit my memory ain't so good as it used to be, bat 111 try to tell all I can, just as it happened. I was but a young T'jm then, and what I'm go ing to tell happened just before I htn**mi* sexton here, where I have been, ever 'since. The sexton wj|p was here before ine was a cross, unpleasant fellow- ; not really bad at heart— at least I never thought so— -bat very sour aud chnrligi1 in hi» manners. No one seemed to lite him, and he seemed to like nobody. And as it turned out, people's dis like of him was not bo ill-founded after. all; though I don't think he was so wrong as it seemed. But I won't deny that What he did was a cruel, heartless thing, and the chief victim of it was a poor little child in yonder grave. 'She lived along with her grandfather idin pretty little cottage tear the end of the -village. Folks said the man was of gentle birth, and ought to have had more money than he did; out he always seemed happy and contented. Both the child's parents were dead, poor thing ! but she was died when she was a babe, and she had lived ever since with the old man. She grew up a sweet, winsome little body. -You might almost have said that the old man adored her ; but no ! he loved his bible too well for that. Vet, if ever he loved any mortal thing he loved that child as, in deed, did every one in the village. Many a tame would I carry the little thing about in my arms and play with her, and pick, flowers for her, or toss her in the hay in the hay fields. We all liked the old man, toot and some one or other would often look in to see if he was comfortable, or put the house in order. Bat there was sot modi to set to rights in his little cottage; just two rooaaV and very poorly famished they were. 11 At the time I am going to speak of, the child was about eight years old. ' It was a fine summer's day, and she had gone out alone in the afternoon, while the oKL man took his * forty winks.1 She was alone, but in & qniet little village one never geta anxious about one's children. This lime however, the day wore on, and she did not return. The old man awoke from bis nap, and began to feel rather uneasy. Several neighbors, who looked in and chatted with with him, found him getting very nervous and restless, as though he had a vague fore sh&dqwing; of some (erz) mming^ wzthoot guessing what it was. Tea time passed, and and the little 'vi^ did not tnrn up. One old man brought word that he had seen her aear the churchyard ; another had seen her iu the churchyard ; but no one could tell anything more. At last, 6 and 7 o*do& passed, and tift village folk began to feel more sympathy with the old man's feats. Some suggested jhn^ she hvi-T* ^yH^*i into the river ? some talked mystdSousIy about the gypsies — some pointed to the dark, lonely woods in the distance. But, though none could offer any solid consolation, ail volunteered gladly to go and search for her ; and many went. Perhaps there was only one in the whole village who showed no interest in the matter, and that was the old sexton. But, as I said before, he was a cross, solitary creature, and as he had lived alone same way from any house he never heard of tie child's being lost tall next tnorainij. ** 2\ow, I myself, being a stout, stalwart young fellow, used sometimes to help the old sexton by doing little odd jobs about the church, digging graves and the like, for he was touched with the rheumatics. And on that very night it chanced that I had to .go up to the church alone, to fetch some thing I had left the day before. It was now quite late, for the evening had soon passed in useless Bearchiug. There was a bright moon shining, and the air was fresh aud breezy. Any other man would have dreaded to go into the lonesome church, but I used to boast that I wouldn't mind going there at any hour, in spite of ghosts aud ghouls. But the boldest heart feels creepy sometimes. And that night I felt peculiarly timorsome. There sras biany a strange tale t*Jd about that church, as doubtless there is of any church in the country, and one can't help remembering these tales just when one doesn't want to. The souk of suicides, murdered persons, and unbaptised babes were all said to tluong la numbers in this particular spot setting aside a few lunatics of harmless naturals. - ?* Well, I managed to fetch what I wanted from the church without any adventure, when, all at once, I thought that perhaps the child had wandered in there and fallen asleep in one of the pews, or got shut in. So I looked about, but couldn't see her. I saw something, however, that yave me a bit of a clew, and that *ras her little hat, torn rather more than I expected, or indeed liked. I felt that I must stay and look further for her. But to tell the truth, I felt in a ffreat hurry to get away from the place. Every moan or the wind gave me quite a torn, and the white moonlight looked quite ghastly. So I was just thinking of a hasty departure when suddenly a new thought struck me ! Could she have got into the vaults below ? When I had thought of this, I felt bound, somehow, to search for her. I felt I should. not be doing my duty by the old man if I. didn't do all I could to find his little maid. But to go down into tfee cold damp vaults at that hour of the nighf was more than many a man have liked to do, and {kind of shivered at the very thought of it- And yet, I didn't like jba run away from nothing, so I tried to pluck up my courage, and, after listening & while at the top of tbe steps, I began to descend to the crypt? ft Oh I it was dark and fearful! I seemed to see all sorts of strange figures flitting about in the shadowB, and to hear weird voices ringing through the silemf. My tread was not very firm, I can tell you. I felt as tim orous as a hare. I could hear my heart pit a-pat, throbbing aa though it would burst ; and every breath I took Beemed to wake echoes and noises around me. But I man aged to get as far as the crypt. It was used as a charnel-house then, and a nasty place enough it was, even in the daytime, bat at night ! Ugh !— tile very thought is horrible. ' Well, a kind of fate seemed to lead me on, and on I went. I felt that I tnuxt — come what may — look into that charnel house ! 'For a moment I waited ontside the old iron-studded door ; but I didn't hear any thing but a little sigh of wind creeping through the grated window. So with a bold effort, I turned the rusty key in the lock and pushed open the door. The place was as dark as pitch and as still as death. But in one corner a long pale- ray of moonlight was falling direct upon the bare damp walls and on the white mouldering bones and bodies that covered the ground. And in the furthest corner, full in the moonlight, with eyes glazed and staring, and hands clasped, frenziedly, crouched a figure. Good God ! It was the child herself 1 She was stiff, motionless, and dead ! ' What I did then you may consider very ?cowardly ; bat I question if yon would not have done the same yourself. I gave a cry, and rushed wildly up the steps, with the echoes of my phrjplrw following me like the laughs of hell-fiends. When I had got into the open air my brain cooled a little, and I ran for help. I soon met a party who were searching for the lost 'one whom I had so suddenly found ; and with them I went. once more down into the enamel -vault. The poor child was stone dead ; and the village doctor, who was with us, said she most have died in raving agonies. Her pretty tittle lips were bitten through and through in ?£*»*- convnjsioxis of ber terror, and her eyes still stand with a wild frenzied look that Icon never forget, ** I suppose yon wander how she got there. Well, it was all through that old sexton I told you of. The child had wandered into the churchyard, and gathered the flowers on the graves. Now, the old man took a great pride in bis flowers, and he often- grumbled at the children for picking them ; so he thought he would make an example. Setting the wandering girl, he led her ''into the chiix-h. ft'd shut her in the crypt, meaning to let her out in an hour. But he was an ol5 man, and forgetful, and you know the rest. *' ' And -thafs about all my tale. I got tbe place of Hffrtoti, »nA have kept it ever sinof. My hands dug yon little grave, and they dug the grand£fttiier-B soon after. Ifs not many more graves they'll dig now !n 