HENRY BUN BAE; O&, MURDER WILL OUT. By Miss Bbaddon. CHAPTER XXXII, WHAT HAPPENED AT MAUDESLEY ABBEY. Eaely the nest day Clement Austin walked to Maudesley Abbey, in order to procure all the information likely to facilitate Margaret Wil mot's grand purpose. He stopped at the gate ? of the principal lodge. The woman who kept ifc was an old oervant of the Dunbar family, and . had known Clement Austin in Parcival Dunbar's lifetime. She gave him a hearty welcome, and lie had no difficulty whatever in setting her tongue in motion upon the subject of Henry Uunbar. She told him a great deal ; she told him that the present owner of the Abbey never had been liked, and never would be liked : for hia stern and gloomy manner was so unlike his father's easy, affable good-nature, that people were. always drawing comparisons between the dead and the living. This, in a few words, is the substance of what the worthy woman said in a good many words. Mrs. Grumbleton gave Clement all the informa tion he required as to the banker's daily move ments at the present time. Henry Dunbar was now in the habit of rising about two o'clock in the day, at which time he was assisted from his bedroom to his sitting-room, where he remained until seven or eight o'clock in the evening. He had no visitors, except tho surgeon, Mr. Daphney, 'who lived in the Abbey, and a gentleman called Vernon, who had bought Woodbine Cottage, near Lisford, and who now and then was ad mitted to Mr. Danbar's sitting-room. This was all Clement Austin wanted to know. Surelv it mieht be Dossible. with a little clever management, to throw the banker completely off his guard, and to bring about the long delayed interview between him and Margaret Wilmot. Clement returned to the Eeindeer, had a brief conversation with Margaret, and made all ar rangements. At four o'clock that afternoon, Miss Wilmot and her lover left the Eeindeer ia a fly ; at a quarter to five the fly stopped at the lodgo gates. ' I will walk to the house,' Margaret said ; ' my coming will attract less notice. But I may be detained for some time, Clement. Pray, don't wait for me. Your dear mother will be alarmed if you are very absent. Go back to her and send the fly for me by-and-bye.' ' Nonsense, Madge. I shall wait for you, however long you may be. Do you think my heart is not as much engaged in anything that may influence your fate as even your own can be ? I won't go with you to the Abbey ; for it will be as well that Henry Dunbar should re main in ignorance of my presence in tho neigh bourhood. I will walk up and down the road here, and wait for you.' ' But you may have to wait so long, Clement/ 'No matter how long. I can wait patiently, but I could not|endure to go homo and leave you, Madge.' ' They were standing before tho groat iron gates as Clement said thin. He pressed Margaret's cold hand ; ho could feel how cold it was, even through her glovo ; and she rang the bell. She looked at him as the gate waa oponed ; she turned and looked at him with a utrnnRely earnest gaze ao sho crossed the boundary or Henry Dunbar's domain, and then walked slowly along the broad avenue. | |The last look had shown Clement Auatin a pale resolute face, something like the counte nance of a fair young martyr going quietly to the Stake. He walked away from the gates, and they shut behind him with a loud clanging noise. Then he went back to them, and watched Margarets figure growing dim and distant in the gathering dusk as she approached the Abbey. A faint glow of crimson firelight reddened the gravel-drive before the windows of Mr, Dunbar's apartments, and there was a foot man airing himself under the shadow of the porch, with a glimmer of light shining put of the hall behind him. 'I do not suppose I shall have to wait very long for my poor girl/ Clement thought, as he left the gates, and walked briskly up and down the road. ' Henry Dunbar is a resolute man ; he will refuse to see her to-day, as he refused before.' Margaret found the footman lolling against the clustered pillars of the gothic porch, staring thoughtfully at the low evening light, yellow and red behind the brown trunks of the elms, and picking his teeth with a gold toothpick. The sight of the open hall-door, and this languid footman lolling in the porch, suddenly inspired Margaret Wilmot with a new idea. Would it not be possible to slip quietly past this man, and walk straight to the apartments of Mr. Dunbar, unquestioned, uninterrupted ? Clement had pointed out to her the windows of the rooms occupied by the banker. They were on the left-hand side oE the entrance-hall. It would be impossible for her to mistake the door leading to them. It was dusk, and she was very plainly dressed, with a black straw bonnet, and a veil over her face, Surely she might deceive this languid footman by affecting to be eome hanger- on of the household, which of course was a large one. In that case she had no right to present her self at the front door, certainly ; but then, be fore tho languid footman could recover frona the first shock of indignation at her impertinence, she might slip past|him and reach the door lead ing to thoca apartments in which the banker hid himself aad. his guilt. Margaret lingered a little in the avenue, watching for a favourable opportunity in which she micrht hazard this attempt. She waited five minutea or so. The curve of the avenue screened her, in some wise, from the man in the porch, who never happened to roll his languid eyes towards the spot where she was standing. A flight of rooks came scudding through the sky presently, very much excited, and cawing and screeching as if they had been an ornitho logical fire brigade hurrying to extinguish the flames of some distant rookery. The footman, who was suffering acutely from the complaint of not knowing what to do with himself, came out of the porch and stood in the middle of the gravelled drive, with his back to wards Margaret, otaring at the birds as they flew westward. This was her opportunity. Tlie girl hurried to the door with a light step, so light upon the smooth solid gravel that the footman heard nothing until she was on the broad stone step under the porch, when the fluttering of her skirt, as it brushed against the pillars, roused him from s species of trance or reverie. He turned sharply round, as upon a pivot, and stared aghast at the retreating figure under the porch, ' Hi, you there, young woman !' he exclaimed, without stirring from his post ; ' where are you going to ? What's the meaning of your coming to this door ? Are you aware that there's such a place as a servants' 'all and a servants' hen trance. But the languid retainer was too late, Margaret's hand was upon the massive knob of the door upon the left side of the hall before the fcofman had put this last indignant question, He listened for an apologetic murmur from the young woman ; but hearing none, concluded that sho had found her way to the servants' hall where she had most likely some business or other with one of the female members of the household. ' A dressmaker, I dessay,' the footman thought. ' Those gals spend all their earnings in iiuery and fallals, instead of behaving like respocable young women, and saving up their money against they can go into the public line with the man of their choice.' He yawned, and went on staring at the rooks, without troubling himself any further about the impertinent young person who had dared to pre sent herself at the grand entrance. Margaret opened the door, and went into the room nest the hall. It was a handsome apartment, lined with books from the floor to the ceiling ; but it was quite empty, and there was no fire burning in the grate. The girl put up her veil, and looked about her. She was very, very pale now, and trembled violently ; but she controlled her agitation by a great effort, and went slowly onto tho next room. The second room was empty like the first ; but the door between it and the next chamber was wido open, and Margaret saw the firelight shining upon the faded tapestry, end reflected in the sombre depths of the polished oak furniture. She hoard the low sound of the light ashes falling on the hearth, and the snorting breath of a dog. She knew that the raau sho sought, and had so long sought without avail, was in that room Alone ; for there was no murmur of voices, no sound of anyone moving in the apartment. That hour, to which Margaret Wilmot had looked as the great crisis of her life, had come ; and her courage failed her all at once, and her heart panic in her breast on tho very threshold of the chamber in which ohe was to stand face to face withHonry Dunbar. ' The murderer of my fat-hoi* !' sho thought ; ' the men whoso influence blighted ray father's life, and made liira what ho wag. Tho man through whoso reckless sin my father lived a life that left him, oh ! how sadly unprepared to dio ! The man who, knowing this, aoafc his victim before an offended God, without so much \- - warning as would have given him time to think one prayer. I am going to meet that man face to face !' Her breath came in faint gasps, and the fire lit chamber swam before her eyes as she crossed the threshold of that door, and went into the room where Henry Dunbar was sitting alone before the low fire. He was wrapped in crimson draperies of thick woollen stuff, and the leopard- skin railway rug was muffled about his knees. A dog of the bull dog breed was lying asleep at the banker's feet, half-hidden in the folds of the leopard- skin. Henry Dunbar's head was bent over the fire and his eyes were closed in a kind of dozing sleep, as Margaret Wilraot went into the room. There was an empty chair opposite to that in which the banker sat ; an old-fashioned, carved oak-chair, with a high back and crimson morocco cushions. Margaret went softly up to this chair, and laid her hand upon the oaken framework. Her footsteps made no sound on the thick Tur key ,'carpet ; the banker never stirred from his doze, and even tha dog at his feet slept on, ' Mr. Dunbar !' cried Margaret, in a clear, resolute voice ; 'awake ! it is I, Margaret Wil-, mot, the daughter of the man who was murdered in the grove at Winchester !' The dog awoke, and snapped at her. The man lifted his head, and looked at her. Even the^ fire seemed roused by the sound of her voice; for a little jet of vivid light leaped up out of the smouldering log, and lighted the scared face of the banker. ? ? ? ? ??..» Clement Austin had promised Margaret to wait for her, and to wait patiently ; and he meant to keep his promise. But there are some limits even to the patience of a lover, though he were the veriest knight-errant who was ever eager to shiver a lance or hack the edge of a battle-axe for love of his liege lady. When you have nothing to do but to walk up and down a few yards of hard dusty high-road, upon a bleak evening in January, an hour more or less is of considerable importance. Five o'clock struck about ten minutes after Margaret Wilmot had entered the park, and Clement thought to him self that even if Margaret were successful in obtaining an interview with the banker, that in terview would be over before six. But the faint strokes of Lisford Church clock died away upon the cold evening wind, and Clement was still pacing up and down, and the fly was still wait ing; the horse comfortable enough, with a rug upon his back and his nose in a bag of oats ; the man walking up and down by the side of the vehicle, slapping his gloved hands across his shoulders every now and. then to keep himself warm. In that long hour batween six and seven, Clement Austin's patience wore itself almost threadbare. It is one thing to ride into the lists on a prancing steed, caparisoned with embroidered trappings, worked by the fair hands of your ladye-love, and with the trumpets braying, and the populace shouting, and the Queen of beauty smiling sweet approval of your prowess : but it is quite another thing to walk up and down a dusty country road, with the wind biting like some ravenous animal at tho tip of your nose, and no more consciousness of your legs and arms than if you were a Miss Bifh'n. By the time 7 o'clock struck, Clement Austin's patience had given up the ghost ; and to im patience had succeeded a vague sense of alarm. Margaret Wilmot had gone to force herself into this man's presence, in spite of his reiterated re fusal to see her. What if — what if, goaded by her persistence, maddened by the consciousness of his own guilt, he should attempt any violence, ' Oh, no, no ; that was quite impossible. . If this man was guilty, his crime had been deli berately planned, and executed with such a diabolical cxmning, that he had been able so far to escape detection. In hi3 own house, sur rounded by prying servants, he would never dare to assail this girl by so much as a harsh word. But, notwithstanding this, Clement was deter mined to wait no longer. 'He would go to the Abbey at once, and ascertain the cause of Mar garet's delay. He rang the bell, went into the parki and ran along the avenue to tho porch. Lights were shining in Mr. Dunbar's windows, but the great hall-door was closely shut. The languid footman came in answer to Clement's summons. 'There is a young lady here,' Clement said, breathlessly ; ?? a young lady —with Mr. Dunbar.' ' Ho ! is that hall P' asked the footman, satiri cally. ' I thought Shorneliffe town-' all was a-fire, at the very least, from the way you rung. There was a young pusson with Mr. Dunbar above a hour ago, if that's what you mean P' ' Above an hour ago ?' cried Clement Austin, heedless of the man's impertinence in his own growing anxiety | ' do you mean to say that tho young lady has left?' ' She have left, above a hour ago.' ? She went away from this house an hour ago ?' ' More than a hour ago.' ' Impossible !' Clement said ;' impossible !' ' It may be so/ answered the footman, who was of an ironical turn of mind ; ' but I let- her out with my hands, and I saw her go out with my own eyes, notwithstanding.' The man shut the door before Clement had recovered from his surprise, and left him stand ing in the porch ; bewildered, though he scarcely knewwhy ; frightened, though he scarcely knew what he feared. CHAPTER XXXIII. maeg-aret's return. For some minutes Clement Austin lingered in the porch at Maudesley Abbey, utterly at a loss as to what he should do next. Margaret had left the Abbey an hour ago, according to the footman's statement ; but, in that case, where had she gone P Clement had boen walking up and down the road before the iron gates of the park, and they had not been opened once duxipg the hours in whioh h.9 Ja&d; waited outside them. Margaret could not have left the park, therefore, by the principal entrance. If she had gone away at all, she must have gone out by one of the smaller gates —by the lodge-gate upon the Lisford Eoad, perhaps, and thus back to Shorncliffe. But then, why, in Heaven's name, had Mar garet set out to walk home when the fly was waiting for her at the gates ; when her lover was also waiting for her, full of j anxiety to know the step she had taken? ' She forgot that I was waiting for her per haps,' Clement thought to himself. ' She may have forgotten all about me, in the fearful excitement of this night's work.' The young man was by no means pleased with this idea. 'Margaret can love me very little, in that case/ he said to himself. ' My first thought, in any great crisis of -my. life, would be to go to her and tell her all all that had happened to me.' . There were no less than four different means of exit from the park. Clement Austin knew this, and he knew that it would take' him up wards of two hours to go to all four of them. ' I'll make inquiries at the gate upon the Lis ford Road,', he said to himself ; ' and if I find Margaret has left by that way, I can get the fly round there, and pick her up between this and Shorncliffe. Poor girl, in her ignorance of this neighbourhood, she has no idea of the distance she will have to walk !' Mr. Austin could not help feeling vexed by Margaret's conduct ; but he did all he could to save the girl from the fatigue she was likely to entail upon herself through her own folly. He ran to the lodge upon the Lisford Road, and asked the woman who kept it if a lady had gone out about any hour before. The woman told him that a young lady had gone out an hour and a half before. This was enough. Clement ran across the park to the western entrance, got into the fly, and told the man to drive back to Shorncliffe, by the Lisford Road, as fast as he could go, and to look out on the way for the young lady whom he had driven to Maudesley Abbey that after noon. ' You watch the left side of the road, I'll watch the right,' Clement said. The driver was cold and cross, but he was anxious to get back to Shorncliffe, and he drove very fast. Clement sat with the window down, and the frosty wind blowing full upon his face as he looked out for Margaret. ; ^ But he reached Shorncliffe without having overtaken her, and the fly crawled under the ponderous archway beneath which the dashing mail-coaches had rolled in £he days that were for ever gone. 'She must have got home before me,' the cashier thought ; ' I shall find her upstairs with my mother.' He went up to the large room with the bow window. The table in the centre of the room was laid for dinner, and Mrs. Austin was nodding in a great arm-chair near the fire, with the county newspaper in her lap. The wax-candles were lighted, the crimson curtains were drawn before the bow-window, and the room looked altogether very comfortable : but there was no Margaret. The widow started up; at the sound of the opening of tbe door, and her son's hurried foot steps. '* Why, Clement,' she cried, ' how late you are ! I seem to have been sitting dozing here for full two hours ; and the fire has been replenished three times since the cloth was laid for dinner. What have you been doing, my boy P' Clement looked about him before he answered. 'Yes, I am very late, mother, I know,' he said ; * but where's Margaret P' Mrs. Austin stared aghast at her son's ques tion. ? 'Why, Margaret ia with you, is she not?'' she exclaimed. ' No, mother ; I expected to find her here, ' ' Dirt tnn Iarvo hor. f.hfin P ' ' , ? ' No, not exactly ; that is to say, .1— ?—-'..? Clement did not finish the sentence. He walked slowly up and down the room thinking, whilst his mother watched him very anxiously. ' My dear Clement, ' Mrs. Austin exclaimed at last, ' you really quite alarm me. You set out this afternoon upon some mysterious expedi tion with Margaret ; and though I ask you both where you are going, you both refuse to satisfy ray very natural curiosity, and look as solemn as if you were about to attend a funeral. Then, after ordering dinner for seven o'clock, you keep it waiting nearly two hours ; and you come in without Margaret, and eeem alarmed at not seeing her here. What does it all mean, Clement P ' ?' I cannot tell you, mother.' ' What ! is this business of to-day, then, a part of your secret ?' 'It is,' answered the cashier. 'I can only say again what 1 said before, mother — trust me!' The widow sighed, and shrugged her shoulders with a deprecating gesture. ' I suppose I must be satisfied Clem,' she said ; ' but this is the first time there's ever been anything like a mystery between you and me.' 'It is, mother ; and I hope it may be the last.' (To he continued.) \ 