SPORTING. ? Bv " Cenxaub." The Melbourne Hunt Club, were blessed last Saturday with splendid weather for their October meeting, the result being! vcrj- largo attendance, and consequently a noticeable increase on the .credit eifle ot / their lodgeiv The meeting opened with a belling Race,-and only two started.. sjPhe betting ouened 10 to.J. on the. Ale; >Jiut; j about starting tunc I jhenrd the^ng!"* • i •wblfch pfyspared tJio.refluIfc^l m followed.; vTJ»c r Hurclle KacerprovidcS a ' •arin favorite iu Dii'atKjn at 6.to 'frbo won : easy, at the fimsli. Tlio event .for mnteur riders catno nest, A lid all ah had tho caJJ at 7 to.4, Rwbj' being backed at 3. to 1, and Kulkyne nt 5 to 1. The rnce wns brimful of accidcnta, the hotteKt faroritcfi'being out of it at the second fence. Kulk^'iie, riddeu hy one of ouv best amateur rider*, Mr. W. Cox, junr., won caBily by half a dozen lengths. The Handicap Flut Haco of 1 mile found 2J starters, of whom Ringmaster, Merrimu, and JJoJiemian carried moet money. The race wns a splendid one betweou four. The reBult being ltingmaster first, Boliennnn mid Chuctatcr dead beat for second, with Merrimu n^xt. Eight started for the Steeplechase, Bob Cooper, who started heat favorite, i'd all the way, and comfortably. The last ercnt for 2 old, saw yet auother first favorite. ^The Nun winning easy. Mistral was left at the post, and Tri'stum did not run up to expectation. Next Saturday ihe Cnulfield Cup meeting commences, when I hope to chronicle fine weather and an immense attendance for the opening- day. The racing coinmencea with a Maiden Plate of one mile, my fancies are St. Odillo, Giroflo, and Lucky Hit; next on tlie card is the Hurdle liaco, 14 inilea, on paper, the best of Crippfi should win, with Wiverley and Problem next best. The Foal Stakes will, I thiuk, rcKolvo itself into a race between three fUliee, 1 place them—Ac me, Madde- Jina, Anita, For the guineas I funcy Monte Christo, if veil, aud next to him, Dualop and JuamiK. The Australian Hunters' Cup has 2!) cutries, of whom I select Abdallah, Chester, and Spring to famish the placed horses. The last event for the first day is the Toorak Handicap of 1 mile, roy predictions arc The Ghost,. Sirocco and Muscat, .Betting has been brisker the last few days. Velociucde and Lord Exeter being bucked up to 10 to l each for the Caulfield ,Oup, a,good deal of money has also gone on to Tlie Andes for the same event Kor the Melbourne Cup .Commotio a and Coronet havo :r2cedcd. to 20 to 1 (off). ^Nordenfeldt Jbeing first £avorite:at 100 to 7,-; lie «1bo boldfi the premier^^ositiui jn^ the Dcrby quotatioDSi ^^tq l bcing the best offer ^ loxpect io-seeju^eat^ajpycbaD^eBjin jQa u l f i e l d n g .be^een fnoV: and^ the-final acceptance oaTneeday. next. 