CHURCH OF ENGLAND PURITY SOCIETY. ADDRESS BY THE PRIAIATE. Yesterday evening a special servico was con ducted in the Cathedral under tho auspices of tlio Church of England l'urity, Society orAA'hitc Cross Union, when an address was delivered by tlio Primate. There was not a vory largo con gregation, and tho gathering was rostrieted to men. Appropriate hymns were snug, a passage of Scripture was road, and prayer offered. The I'riiiatb said that it was about three months ago that by a servico in that Church tlioy inaugurated amongst themselves their Church of England Purity Society or AVhito Cross Union, and from that timo onwards the work of growth had gone steadily ou, and it was tlio conviction, not only of himself but of all who had come forward in tho formation of tlio society, that its progress and regular action should not bo bv convictivo jmblic services or meetings, but by tlio formation of branches as far us might be in eacli parish, and by making tlio work of those branches among young men a part of the regular, quiet, evangelical or pastoral work of tlio parishes. They were of opinion that in that society above all things iu quietness, and, as lie had said, in personal influence would be their real strength. It would only be from time to time that they wodld meet iu services like that one, or in public meetings. AVIiy was it then that lie hud asked them nco more to cmno together there for the purpose of holding a convictivo servico ? Tho answer was a very simple one. The attention of all thinking moil had been re cently called with special emphasis to the terrible subject with, which that society had to deal. He need not remind them that in the old country there had been recently made some ghastly and terrible disclosure's — dis closures not merely of the utioloatiliiioss prevatont, but of the corruption of hitherto innocent women. It had been seen that the law was insufficient to lend the necessary pro tection to girls of tender years. It had been seen still more clearly that public opinion did not bear tlio stern witness against that savage corruption that it should, and therefore it wus thought well to startle the public mind of England — to startle, ho doubted not, many who hero havo read or heard of those terrible disclosures — to startle the mind of the civilised world by the sudden exposure of tho foul evil as eatiiig out the heart of civilisation und poisoning the man and woman hood of ttie com munity. That was not tho place perhaps to give any opinion as to the wisdom or unwis dom of thoso disclosures. If in any sense they had been inaccurate, or if lliey hud been ex aggerated, there rested a very heavy responsi bility upon thoso who miulo them, it they had been mado for the furtherance of personal ends, or to bring about a turn in tlio fortunes of a political party, no words could bo strong enough- to condemn such an action ; but if thoy laid been made honestly and hud been made with substantial truth, then thoy were bound to take them into consideration und to be iiiHpired to somo de gree by tho sudden disclosure of a great evil, and to norve themselves for tho great battle that thoy had to light. Ho could' not tell from porsonal knowledge how far that representation of tho slate of society in Eng land had its corresponding representation here, but from all that lie hud heard, lie feared that perhaps in somewhat cruder and simpler forms the evil that wus so rife at homo existed ill our midst. And there were circumstances — our climate, our food and the ordinary habits of lifo, that might stimulate indulgence to u greater extent tlmn in the old country. 'Therefore that being so, and there being great reason to fear that wo had to face a stale of tilings not aliogotlier dissimilar or unlike the stato of tilings that had been brought to light in the old country, it was tliouplit good that thoy should make a start iu their society to sou how they could strengthen and encourage one another ia a crusade against the gigantic evil. There was room, lie thought, for common action; there was room for individual action ; there was room for sectional action. There was room for common action, in whicli all should be banded together who named tho iiiimo of Christ, in which nil should bo banded together who eared for the higher lifo of soeietv, and so far as our criminal law needed amendment — and ho lieved that in that matter it did need vory much amendment — there was also room for combined action. So far as pub lic opinion required to bu guided and strengthened, aud so far as it was necessary lo see that the law was .enforced, thev should look for help to all sections of tlio Christian community, But so far as they had to dual with personal and spiritual influence there wus having, the advantngo of common action, com mon sacraments and common worship. And they therefore, in the Church of Englnnd had thought that it ' was their duty to ho up and doing ; ttiey had thought that it was part of tlio work of tlio church as such, a part of,licr<cvaugclical work iu spreading the Gospel ' of Christ and part of her pastoral work in dealing with and training up thoso who wore already in hor ranks ; and. they earnestly hoped that in other Christian churches, if such action had not already taken place it might in time find room for exercise. They would rejoice if they could sec all tho churches . working side by sido in tho crusade. Ho would briefly remind them what their AA'hite Cross Union or Church pf England Purity Society really was. He had said before, and ho ventured to say again, that it was a kind of knighthood within tho larger union of the Church of England. Thoy would re member that iu tho aucicut.orders of knighthood there were certain vows of obligation. Thorc was first of all the vows of persounl chastity and purity, acknowledging that tho tlesh was bound to obey tho spirit, acknowledging that appetite and desire were within our own control, and that If wciwero-to prosorvo our own humanity, not to say mauhood, the spirit must guide the flesh. The second vow acknowledged the virtue of tvouiou, was a plodgo to shield their purity and , a promise to protoct them from violence and from excessive pressure of the burden of life, acknowledging the spirit of pure aud chaste love as au inliucncu tending to exalt aud stimulate the chastity -tof IJinan. The third was a vow of perpetual' warfare against all violence and wrong, anil especially against all oppression of the poor. It was a part of the idea of him who took it to consider that to fall gloriously was hardly less glorious than to conquer, aud it was hardly less a part of his privilege to value service simply as service, and to ask no reward, not even the reward of reputation and fame for good service done. Aud lastly, all those vows were held by. the acknowledgment of Christian faith, resting upon the salvation of Christ, by a willingness to take up tlio cross and to find true glory, it might be in what the world called ignoniinv and shame. Those were the four vows' of ancfcnt knighthood, aud those vows, translated by the light of modern custom and tlio ueoesslty of tlio times, were precisely the vows of the AVhite Cross Union. Tho members of that union wore pledged lo the pre servation of social purity, especially to tiio preservation of the purity and the in nocence of woman, and the association enlisted men in an unceasing warfare. It was a kind of humble imitation of the great con ception of Cltristian love within tho Church of Christ. And if we asked why they formed such a society, lie would ask wily was knighthood originally instituted ? It belonged to an ago of struggle against tyranny ; it bolongcd to an age when it was necessary to supplement law by force of arms, and it implied the presence of a great foe. He need not show theiu that the evil whicli tliey sometimes called im purity was one Which iu various phases unquestionably did pervade our modern society. They knew how it commenced iu tho individual at an early age, and they knew by what in fluences, each seductive iu'its peculiar form at a particular time of life, it was fostered until by gradual development it produced tho man who delighted in doing the devil's work for souls that had hitherto been spotless. When once tlic appetite had grown it would be gratified at all costs, and at length there came tho lowest depth of all— the degradation of the man who de lighted in an merely because it was sin. Much was the condition of tilings around us. He did not mean that it was tho dominant motive of human society, but there it unques tionably, was, and it was pervading aud poison ing tho growing manhood of the community, lie was not at all sure but what tho most cruel injustice was that society forgave, and almost (raised, iu the man what it coudcinucd in the woniau, nnd almost welcomed him without a word of reproach, whilst it trampled the partner of his sm down ill tho mire of a hopeless degradation. How were they to deal with- lliis gigantic evil ? There were many ways ofldcaling with it. He had confidence iu some degree in the poivcrof law. He was sure that the law ought to protect the young, tho weak aud the helpless, and lie would like to see that protection extended to botli sexes — the protec tion! ofitlie young of the male sex from the temptation of foul and hardened women, as lie woiuil like to see the protection of young women from tile power of wicked men. 'Since lust lie lectured there ho had listentd to an eloquent lecture delivered by a gentleman who had evidcntlv inquired with studious care into his subject, and the lecture convinced him that before another session of I'arlianient passed over we ought at all events to amend our law up to the present English standard. AYe wanted an amended law that would not only make it criminal to oppress and delude tender age, but we wanted a law to help us to deal with those houses which became sometimes the prisons of their helpless victims, and which our law at present would allow lis to search if the keeper had stolen our spoons, but would deny us the riglit of Eoareli if our daughters had been stolen from our homes. AVe wanted au alteration in the law, and wc wanted society to dual justly with tho man and the woman, but as long- as there was one standard for the iiiiiu and another for the woman society was out of joint and reforma tion was impossible. But he did not trust ultimately either to law or even to the greater force of public opinion. If a moral evil was to be mot it must bo met at its source. If thoy were to close up every evil house in Sydney to-morrow ; if they were to enact the most rigid law against tlio seducers of the vouug, and yet were to neglect the human heart where the evil lay, thev would not succeed in their work. In tlie early stages of the tcrriblo life-course to which he had alluded much was duo to simple ignorance. Bovs were left totally ignorant of the simplest effects of unbridled passion. Thero rested with fathers and teachers what he knew lo be a verv painful aud vet an urgent responsibility. He know how nurd was the task ; he know that many a father shrank from the duty. In the Roman Catholic Communion he was told that the standard of purity was very much preserved by tho influence of tlie confessional, and if thoy ns J'rotestiuits desired not to have the confessional —and lie believed all experience mndo tlicm riglit in that desire— then tbo father, the teacher, the brother must take tlie place of tho spiritual confessor. He thought also that there ought to bo books written upon sound physio logical principles, teaching plainly aud simply what was tlio right condition of life. Then the young men would bo saved from a stato of exist ence which some pretenders to,seietice called " tho fruits of philosophy." After all it was not in an enlightened mind that tliuy must principally look for relief. Thoy wauted a moral and spirital power lo fight against tlie evil at rits source. And how were they going'to obtain that power V There was a souse of shame which was a standing protest against exorvthiug that was immodest and impure. They had only to tee how tlio lives of those who hail given way to their passions were wrecked, and when thoy heard the law read ill their churches, "Thou shaft not commit adultery," including of course all forms of 'impurity, they had only to listen in their hearts lor tho voice of God. Ho did not believe that men, however for a time thoy might deceive themselves in sopbistcrics, could really efface from tliuir hearts tlio knowledge that vice was an outrage against both divine and natural law. Mtill, as Ml. Raul was for evor teaching thorn, the law could not supply the spirituals im'ce, with whielij alone they could combat tlio evil. That force was nothing hut tlie inward grace in tlio soul which con formed that soul to the imago of God, aud mado it tho temple of the Holy Ghost. Ho did not despise agencies and other aids. He valued the sense of shame ; lie believed that it was God's voice. Ho valued the enthusiasm of righteous ness and tlie enthusiasm of love which recog nised tlie ties that bound men to humanity, llo believed that also was tho voice of God : buthu did not bcliovc that thoso emotions wore ill themselves enough to stand tlio stress of temptation, and lie firmlr liolioved in his soul that the power which re created tlio spirit, of purity ,1800 years ago could ro-oreato it now. He believed that thero was one means, and one means only, by which, they could deal with all sin, and that was by the consciousness of the igrcat Christian realities, tlie belief that thero was in tho Holy Lpirit. Thus, aud thus only, tlioy would lind a higher spiritual enthusiasm whicli would Bilcuco llio .turbulence of passion and help them to keep tho moral law. 