A NEW DEPARTURE. It is stated that Miss Helen Taylor, the step- daughter of the famous political economist, James Stuart Hill, - the editress of Buckle's works, and one of the most brilliantly clever in Great Britain, has been inrited to ,T " candidato for the representation, in .v Commons, of North Cambcrweli, m the Radical ... , , , , crest. It is also stated that there is no statutory . . TT objection to tho return of women in the or - , , . \r:.„ t , , ->mmons, and that consented to coi.M7 ,_ith ,h. request of an influential body of the e.tor. « the district, and seek the suffrage of the co.„ tuency, qybetber or not there is any such sta tutory t«wcr enabling members of the gentler sex to sit in the Honse of Commonsi ivill bo for the exponents of Her Majesty's law in Great Britain to dti-idc. One thing is certain, that if they are so etabled Miss Taylor will have a very fair clianm of being elected. Not only 1s she, ns we ha70 atatcd already, a gentlewoman of brilliant and exceptional ability, ,mt she „niveraan respected and esteemed be the n„,i:„„i and has done much in her privato spUore for advancement c,f their view,. Hcr age mi ht b a delicate matter to allude to, butit has enabled her to acquire experience, and them i, „0 doubt that she would bnng to the consideration 0f nny measure under discussion in the House not only talent, but common sense. It might be moreover, that a feminine presencowould tend to moderate the lono of tho' philippics occasionally indulged in, and that oven Lord Randolph ChnrchiU would moderate his somc- rancorous excitability when confronted by instead' n<" t0 1x1 dofM iu reply, attiro othe l0SS nttract,v® hat of masculine mom/andcf je0t' toB'OTer' W08ha11 hc" grninble if at v "- E aDSallant a8 to hearts of thoX cUoiia fto gratified by tho m qualified gentlewoman, "J " the sox which" has so ion. rcprn.t!,tl of Jirnt exclusion. ' Pod of nn- But tbe ladioe straggling tin the same cause Lore me not likely, at present to ho 0 fortu nate. Our Electoral specially onacU that only "malo persons "iCiui hold electoral rights, whether qualified as municipal ratepayers or by manhood suffrage. This is, no doubt, unfortu nate, and may bo tftkcu as 01 ifl of the instances of the shortcomings of the Euglish laugnagc Iu Latin, the word " homo " is of tho common gander, and may bo tAkcu to mean man or wowau. In Anglo-Saxon theco is no such scope for inclusiou of sexes — xualc cannot be taken to mcau female, uuder tho most elastio circumstance except iu tho esse of ulsters aud yachtiug costumes, ami the advocates of .Womou'a Suffrage must be content to wait uulil tho law is amended. But let them possess their gentle souls in. peace. The life of a male Member of Parliament is not " all beer aud skittles," nor would that of a mom- brcss bo ail chocolate-creams and waltzing. She might find it nnpleasaut now aud thcu to face electrcssos angry with her for not voting for the removal of tho duty on twenty-button gloves, aud remarks from an hou. uieinbrcss on thc other side of tho House as to hcr cos tume or capillary adornment, might, to say the least, be provocative of retaliation. Iu addition to this, the fcmalo desiro for fair play is prover bial, aud the majority of fomiuiuo candidates would hesitate to como forward in the fuoo of the hoavy handicap, placed upon their male opponents. So far as thcir.own sex is concerned, it would not be so ponderous. There the mnlo candidate would have his chance. But where is the enterprising iuau who would like to back his fcllow-mnu when oanvaaeiug the electors in opposition to a pretty caudidatress ? Echoauswcrs, Where ? Moreover, how would they mauagc the Parliamentary busiuoss ? Tho votes of tho ladies' would have to be taken first. They would havo to be allowed to cuter tho House first. It would uot be ca6y even for the firm and steadfast Speaker to look at the fair owner Of a pair of blue eyes, aud tell her. that her " ruby lips " were not to be opened twice ou the same snbjcct. There are also sus ceptible hearts even in the stoical Assowbly of Victoria, and how extremely difiicult would be tlio' position of a Minister of the Cvowu when fncedjby a deputation of Mcmbresscs. Hi6 only chance of peace would be to employ a fetnah private secretary, aud the complications that might then occur no man kuoweth. Wc fancy that if cveu the ghost of Queen Boss could bo c illcd upon to givo an opiniou, it would be to the effect that femininity was sometimes troublesome, and that 6bo cdnld manage mon better tliau-wometv In all serious earnest, therefore, wo trust that the out-and-out advocates of female snffrago will gravoly consider both sides of the question before pressing an amomlincut of the Inw which would incrcaso tho privileges already enjoyed by a sex; which, ever since the world was made, has had more to do with the control of that very co-operative institution than they seem disposed to admit. That there arc mauy womcu mentally superior to the men they arc connected or associated with is fully admitted but their best friends and warmest admirers would advise them to pause before stepping outside the scope of the many spheres in which womanly iufluenoo is so unobtrusively but extensiveiy powerful. 