A.J. C. Anticipations/ Br CASPIAN. j Since the termination bf the Hawkesoury èpring 'racing campaign, turfites, have been : fairly launohed into the throe * of the New South. Wales racing carnival. So .'far,' tho racing in- stitutions'have nothm^ to' .complain' of. They have met with pleasant weather, : while* owners and trainers have gaily, responded to tho oall ; conse- quently the entiiea received for the many events offered for competition aro of a satisfactory nature. Next Saturday the A.J.C. commence the opening of their spring racing carnival, and, judging frodi present aspeots, " Secretary Glib born" should view the approaching spring reunion with something akin to tho " rosy hue/' Tho weather has I certainly been fine, but only this week a pleasant and I refreshing shower from the pluvium god has visited tho heath, making all vegetation resound with its welcome visit. Nothing at pres«nt"could look more I pleasant than the rich verdant mantle which oovorB the lawn at Randwick,' and whether it he tho ; " Blue Riband," " Metrop," " Ladies',Vor " Steeple- chase Day," I feel quite confident that largo and fashionable assemblages suoh asare seen, ayo, at "Glorious Goodwood," "Boyal Ascot," or " Plebeian Flemington,"-will be present. The A. J.C. committee, through the exertions of their ! secretary (Mr. T. Chbborn) are each year making rapid stridos in publio favor, and when the now. stand and Leger reservo are completed, nothing in ' the shape of a confortable racecourse will he found to excel that of Band wick. This year the A. J.C. committee havo been more liberal than hitherto, and in their ondea- , vor to combat with tho, times, have, issued a programme attractive in a degree. In ono instanco ' they ; (tho oommittoe) have not dis- played that judgment which an old and recognised institution should possess. I ref or to the Oaks, which, owing to tho period when entries wore received, rendered the stake one of small im- portance. Nearly evory owner knew what clinkers Uralla, Melodious, and others wore likely to prove, bar accidents, consequently a small field will prove the result; but in our next y oar's,Oaks a much better result is told, for the number is doubled. Commencing with the subject matter immediately under notice; I must revert to the probabilities of four events^ leaving the remaining lot to my confrere " Martindale," who as usual makes a study of pro- bable winners. Ou the first and opening day tho principal event is the Derby, which will attract a field of about four or five. The Hon. James White has Uralla, ' Nordenfeldt, aud_ Angora, each ac- ceptors, but whioh he will start is tho much-vexed question. However, knowing what a large stake the stable have in view for thoV.R.C. i Derby and Cup, I.think they will rather try con- clusions with Nordornfeldtj who will meet First Chester and, probably, Boori and one of Mr. Long's; So far I pin my faith to First Cheater, who defeated Eagle Grange m the Guineas, Many people argue that Nbrderhfeldt beat Eagle Grange just as easy as did First Chester, but the latter ran in shoes, and won comfortably, whereas Nordernfeldt raced bare- footed, besides meeting Eagle Grange after running à desperate race of a mile with First Chester, which brings me to the conclusion that there is only \ FIBST CHESTER to win. The . Great Metropolitan Stakes will provide the piece de resistance on the second day. ' So far public running leads to tho winner of the Hawkesbury event as thei most -likely to provide tho winner ; in- deed, it would be very hard to disparage tho chanoes of:Prinoe Imperial, The Broker, or Despot. Tho only question at issue is, what do owners iatend doing ? Well, readers of the sporting columns of the TOWN AND COTJNTRT JOÜBNAL aro woll aware that owners of racehorses do not, as a rule, inform news- paper scribes what their intentions, nor do they like anything about thom are published, when told in the ordinary oourse of conversation, consequently the information given in our columns is from a oare ful watohing of tho market prioos, with the condition of the horse. Commencing with the top weight, Welcome Jack, 9st 31b, I don't think he possesses a_ ghost of a ohance, but I entertain a muoh hector opinionbf Tom Brown aud Moonàhee. Eaoh are well, and it only wants their owners to pat down the " dollars " to make thom good favoritas. Honeydew is the. ono great, stumbling block in the stake, and if I know, for certain that bis owner in- tended him for tho "Motrop" I should give him my allegiance. Sloth, 7st 81b, is a horse that has displayed a fair deal of pace more than once, but I cannot understand bow he oan bo well enough to run on tho day after seeing him in four weeks' work at Goulburn last May ; however, Ms paTty are .'supporting him. Despot, Silver King, and The Broker are the three most dangerous horses in tho face, and I fail, on all publio form, to see what can beat them, unless it be Prince Imperial or Honeydew. "Aoolyte, Copra, and Anglesey will probably start, but I don't think they will alter matters. To soleat a winner, I should plump for ; . . PBINCK IMPERIAL, 1 ! who'bas one pound less to carry than when he won ! the Hawkesbury Handicap. Some people may argue I that, the distance is half a mile .further ; but that shall not influence me in in my choice. Next to the i Hawkesbury Handicap winner, I like Silver King, Despot, and The Broker. >.' . i Î The Oaks is simply reduced to a match between tho Hon. James White's fillies, while tho Champagne Stakes should fall to' MT-LADT, Halcyon, ór Sig- norina.; r; : . 