MORSELS. Tlm: i:nugural concert by tho WVagga Wagga L.iedcrltafel cailie (nil ot llMoiday evening last tuccessfully. W\re learn from the Cootanulndra Herald that" the tril Adtamris r. the Commissioner for Ilailhays is set down forr the ith Juune, andl witnesses for tile de fenee lhave Itct Irot together this week. Amiong them are Driver Moodie, and Firemant Wall. Tile forllier, our readers will recliebler, Vwas very severely sealded in thte accident, and tihe latter injured in the foot, though inot severely. Dir. Wall has quite re covered; but Dir. MDoodio is still a sufferer, his wountds ntot being quite hooled, and hlie limps slightly. lie layt for a considerable time in the Goulburn H-ospital.'' Several petitious for the release of tihe Roy. J. Dowie, ovageliocal preacher, and his followers who were imiprisoned for refusing to pay a fine intflicted by the Fitzroy magistrates for wilfully marchling in procession, were before the Executive on Tuesday afternoon. The Executive, however, refused to deal with the matter in any way until the prisoners sent in their pledges not to go contrary to law agaiti. Recruiting is going oni vigorously at Bathurst, no less than 80 men having hatided in their namnes, being 20 more than the number required. Forty three of these have been passed by the doctor. The remainder will be passed shortly. The net profits of St. Patrick's Day celebration at Bathurst amounted to £92, of whlicht £10 were given to the local R. C. Orphlanage, £30 to the ihospital, £10 to the Poor Relief Suciety, and £12 were placed to the reserve fund. At a Victorian Executive Council meeting on Tuesday an order was made prohibiting the impor tiation of grape-vine cuttings from New South TWales. William Noble, tlhe founder of the Blue Ribbon movement, leaves England-iii July for the Austra lian colonies, via Amtnerica lind Now Zealand. On account of a day's racing ait Randwick next Saturday, the DIessenger-Matterson boat race has been arranged to take place onFriday afternoon. The lhst of the Goetlihes.-Herr Walther von Goethe, the last lineal desietidant of Goethe died at Leipzig on the 15th of April. A Nonagenarian Admiral.-Sir Prove William Parry Wallis, G.C.B., Admiral of the Fleet, has just completed his 04th year, laving been born at Halifax, in Nova Scotia, on April 12, 1791. The veteran admiral took a prominent part in the memorable action between the Shtnnon (of which he was second lieutenant) and the Amerinan frigate Chlesapeake, the latter being captured, after a des perate struggle of fifteen minutes, on June 1, 1815, he being promoted to the rank of commander for his gallantry on that occasion. A steamner will shortly leave Brisbane bearing a number of islanders to their homes who were not properly recruited. Mir. A. Nusgrave (son of the Governor) will accompany the vessel as acting-deputy Pacific Commissioner. M. Jean Vernaz has discovered a large aqueduct, which formerly was used for the water supply of Carthligo. It has been so well preserved that DIr. Grant, the chief engineer, proposes to employ it in connection with the new waterworks of Tunis. A report came in to Wagga, on Tuesday, in dicating the spread of the rabbit pest towards Wagga Wagga. For some timne past the rabbits have manifested their presence on Dir. Faithfull's Brewairrina run,. and though the most strenuous efforts have been made to destroy them, they appear tobe yet encroaching. One has been ldlled at lr. J. Rudd's Wagingoberembie station, and another that was seen there escaped. Traces of rabbits have also been seen between Yerong and Doodle, Cooma, and the suddenness of their appearance in different directions warrants the suspicion of their being wilfully liberated by persons who are likely to be employed in their subsequent extermination. The diver at Clarence Heads is now engaged in ondeavouring to remove by dynamite the wreck of the Urara, an iron steamer that was wrecked on the reef 19 years ago. The only announcement at the hospital to-day is that of John Byrne, a phthisis patient from Diarulan, having died this morning. The police require an oWner for it stout dark brown horse and good saddle and bridle, picked up in Clinton-street on Tuesday. A Cootamundra telegram says:--The Rev. J. A. Ross, from Goulburn, preached in Christ Church on Sunday morning and evening. The congregation was very favourably impressed with him. It is likely that he will remain as locrmt tenens until an appointment is made. Mir. Dalley received on Tuesday morning a cheque from his Worship the Diayor of Glen Inne?s for the sum of £54 15s, being the Glen Innes contribution towards the Patriotic Fund. He also received a letter from ir. Thomas Quirk, of Wellington, enclosing a cheque for £;32. There is a new game in Paris. Tired of all old and threadbare amusements, an actress inaugurated a Polymorphous fete." The ball-room was turned into a funeral chamber, and people all came dressed as ghosts, hobgoblins, or phantoms. Coffins were placed about the room, around which these cljterful individuals played hide and seek, puss in the corner, and similar games. A supper was afterwards served on a table composed of coffins piled one on the other. There is something .awfully cheerful about this kind of sport. On Saturday night Mr. W. Webb, editor of the Campbelltown Herald, 'delivered a lecture in Appin on "The Inconsistencies of Sir Henry Parkes." Tho lecture was given in the Appin Assembly Rooms, and was well attended by an appreciative audience, who loudly applauded the lecturer during its delivery. Several comic and sentimental songs were given by members of the Campbelltown Dramatic Club, and the proceedings closed with the National Anthem. TSE best medicine known is SANEmBn A Soc's Euo.stYrs ExTnaecT. Test its eminent, powerful effects in coughs, colds, influenza; the relief is instantaneous. In serious cases and accidents of all kinds, be they wounds, burns, scaldings, bruises, sprains, it is the safest remedy-no swelling-o inflammation. Like surprising effects produ4d in eroupliphttribronchitis, infldimmatioo of the ewen c. ; diarrhiea, dyse ry dis sof the n and urinary orgaus/ Wpe at all hos?itpls and/medical clinics; patro heby his MajestyAhe lPng of Italy; crowned With medal and del1oma atnternational Exhibition, Amstoer dam. Trust in an approved article and reject all .other. Price, Is 9d and 2s 9d the bottle.-A. A. K?ERn,s Chemist, Agent for Goulburn and district. .o To HE PtULIa GENEIsLLLY AND THE LADIES PanTrconLr Almost all the stores and shops in Go~ rn a ed from 1 o'clock 1 every d y after ,j o give the numerous empl es in them'?a alf-holity. For the sake of a large ss, youp respeully requested not to ma any purases on ay afternoons.-An - 