THE STAGE. TnHoTAM ROYAL. Ths Theatre Royal was the scene of a short revival of the Shakespearian drama on Friday, the 28th August. when the 'Ros cians' produced ' Hamlet' heforea crowded house. The profits, however, did not go to gorge the pockets of the managing trium: virate whose skill in retaining the bulk of the coin that comes into their hands is pro verbiai, but were designed to supplement the funds of the Melbourne Hospital for Sick Children. As a rule, criticism is dis armed by the reflection that the performers are engaged in agood cause, but if amateurs essay an interpretation of one of the most difficult creations of England's greatest poet, a closer attention to the merits or demerits of the performance becomes im perative., However crreditable suach a per formance may be it can never approach the verce of realism. To ponrtray the trans cendant intollectuaility, the philosophic in trospection, the charm of mingled romance, love, mystery, and crime contained in Shakespeare's masterwork is a task in which tragedians of the highest order have failed. In the present instance the title role was undertaken by Mr. P. J. Duggan, who gave ample evidence that he has, at least to some extent, grasped the subtle creation of the great dramatist. The soliloquies were ren dered with dignity and calmness, and seemed the outspoken tlhought of a mind overcome with feelings of horror and a determination to avenge the mysterious death of his father, the King of Denmark. Mr. Duggan was evidently of opinion that Hamlet simulated madness to uscomplish his object, and his reading seemed fairly consistent with the motion of the tragedy. His textual rendering was accurate, the lines well accentuated,and in somelinstances effectively delivered. In the scene with his father's ghost the acting was commendable, but it was less meritorious in other points. There is one instance we wish to par ticulariae with a degree of- regret. Why should Hamlet go crawling on his stomach like a snake towards the King when the foul murder is being re-enacted before his vision i We are aware that many tragedians have adopted this mode of procedure, and Mr. Duggan tlherefore stuck to the conven tional business of dragging himself across the stage. In Germany, where the Shakes pearian drama:is very popular, we have seen a noted tragedian hissed en account of this serpentine proceeding. The ensuinog scene was rendered with more effect when the King, unable to withstand the life-like re production of his crime, with his queen and guests, fly from;the scene in terror. The incidents at the grave were well poortrayed; Hamlet seemed self-contained with a pre sentiment of still greater impending evil, but in the final scene he was at times almost inaudible. As Claudius, the King, Mr. F. Doran was above mediocrity, while Miss Flora Anstead played the deceitfsi Queen with her accustomed ability. Mr. J. Daw barn's Polonious was good in character, but the delivery of the dialogue was not in harmony with the noble poetry of the great author. Mr. E. Duggan, as Laertes, acted with commendable ability. and showed con siderabl versatility -for an amateur actor. Miss Roland Watts-Phillips, as Ophelia, touchingly pourtrayed the character, and it is a matter of regret that the part was con siderably excised. Miss Arrowsmith, as the Queen (player) was effective. Messrs. H. F. Dfulhollend and C. G. Mulcahy, as Reosnerantz and Guildenstecn, satisfac torily sustained their parts. As Marcellas and Bernardo, Messrs. J. Galvin and Irving deserve a word of praise. Messrs. W. Ken nedy and J. Lewis gave a good representa tion of the Gravediggers, and Mr. D. James was well suited as Oric, the fop. As Horatio. Mr. A. G. Stach was fairly suc cessful. Messrs. F. Ledger; E. Walsh, H. Bowring, and A Cronin also considerably aided to the strength of the caste. The tragedy was remarkably well mounted, and received with demonstrations of applause. From anfinancial- polnt'nfview. it was- a pronounced success." " 