MENTAL HEALING IN BOSTON, U.S.A. A Boston correspondent of the Times writes under date of 11th Slay : — This city has become tho head quarters of a religio-metaphysical furore, which with in a few mouths has infected so many people of all classes in New England that tho mental contagion is almost ' sure io spread beyond American limits. The sci ence of mental healing — nothing that originates in Boston is less than a science or an art — is tho ambitious name of tho movement which its leaders havo assumed. Tho Press of the coun try tind frequent occasion to utako sharp allu sions to tho "Bostou miud-curo craze," but it is a long time siuco any local paper lias bocu so indiscreet us to make slurrish refer ences to tho new pathology. Absurd and idiotic as somo of the ideas are which the prophets of tho system advance, the movement has far outgrown the limits of a popular but temporary craze. Tho " wonderful cures " of the mental heaters havo been so persistently pro claimed that a large proportion of average Bos- toninns ure willing at least to admit that " there is something in it." Hundreds claim to havo been benefited iu varyiug degree by miud-citru treatments. Many such become themselves healers, aud thus the new idea has spread. Just now, the religious features of tho net. departure u re prouiineutly eugross public attention, and clergymen of all denominations aro seriously considering how to deal with wlwt they regard as the most dan gerous innovation that has threatened tho Christian Church in this region for many years. Scores of the most valued church members aro joining the Christian Scientist branch of the metaphysical organisation, and it has thus fur been impossible to check tho defection. It is a movement far reaching iu its iniluenccs, and including many thousands among its sympa thisers, whose ordinary good intelligence en titles their judgment to respect. A study, therefore, of tho details of the novel scheme becomes at once interesting and soon fasci nating. Here is a familiar Boston parlor sceno ; two ladies sit a little way apart in Quaker tneetiug silence for perhaps twenty minutes. Tho face of one is as hotly flushed us if sho had been indulg ing in violent exercise, physical instead of mental. The other, the patient, apparently doses in her choir. Externally this is all that constitutes a mind cure treatment, to which hundreds hereabouts ore daily submitting. The funduueuial idea that underlies the system of mental healing is that there is no sucli thing us sickness. Disease, say tho mental heaters, is an error of the mind, the result of fear. This startling hypothesis entails some very strange aud absurd conclu sions. The leader of one of the factions — for thero are several in sharp rivalry one with another — gives these instructions for healing : — " Reason in your mind that God made every thing good. He is not the author of disease. Therefore, as djseaso is not a creation it has no existence, but it is merely a delu sion of tho mind, the effec' of fear. Fear is faith inverted and perverted. You aro to gain the confidence of your patient ; make him tell yon the cause of what he thinks is his disease. But with your clearer mind you see that it is not sickness at all. You attain the power of healing by dwelling mentally upon tho truth and wisdom of God, and thus the faith of the healer meeting the fear of tho patieut produces a chemical chaugo in the fluids of the system which results iu health." Many invalids are naturally willing to accept this or any other so phistry in explanation of cures if tliey them selves aro physically benefited. But among the intilligcut people iu every day life who ure studying the miud-cure theories and to a greater or less extent arc testing them, the ideas of the teachers are very much modified. Indeed, hardly any two have just tho" same conception of tlio " science." One lady believes thai to bo a consistent heater one imist ho a Universalist in religions fait.li. Another insists that tlio minds of her patients shall he made entirely frco from guile, and accordingly she asks for a full statement of their lives. Many persons who stndy the system renounce all religious and superstitious ideas in connection with it, bnt re cognise tho physical phenomena, which they do not attempt to explain, nnd practise ihe art as successfully us any. A lady in Hyde Park, Massachusetts, who takes this position, says she finds herself possessed of a powor over many serious ills which she hardly knows how to use. She says she prays earnestly, nnd tho ailment of the sufferer seems to be trans ferred to hersolf, Then sho is able easily to throw it off. She does not know whether to call it mind cure, faith cure or maguotism. Some operators say tliey uso no will power, hut simply keep before their minds nn imago of perfect health, and let God or tho truth work through them. Others exert tho will intensely to drag out tlio disease, as it were, by main force. To ho consistent, the leading mind curing theorists havo to maintain somo very nhsmil ideas. PoiEOns, they say, would bo harmless if tho fear of them were removed. Children, they cxplnin, are affected bccauso of uncon scious hereditary fear. Mrs. Mary B. G. Eddy, tender of the Christian Scientist division of mental healers, claims that her husband, who died tbreo or four years ago, was murdered by an enemy among the Scientists who "thought arsenic iuto him. " Some of those queer cnthusiusts maintain that mental infiucnco docs not recognise distance, and that, therefore, the presence of tho patient under treatment is not necessary. Another Hyde Park lady has nn intimate friend in Sacramento, California, who a fow months ago was givon up by physicians to die of inflam matory rheumatism. It was arranged by mail that at throe o'clock, Boston time, ou certain days the invalid should submit herself mentally to the treatment of her friend in Hyde Park. It is claimed that- improvement was immediate, and that within a month tho patient was ablo to visit ' San Francisco with her hus band. Another lady iu treating absent pa- tieuts puts a doll in a chair upon which to fix her mind iu lieu of tho sick person. Most of the mental healers profess contempt for tho laws of hygiene. They bid their patieuts eat what they please nnd act as they please. Mrs. Eddy, howovcr, makes the proviso that they must be of strong faith that what they cat and do will not harm them. So much for means and methods. When tho inquirer attempts to investigate tho actual accomplish ments under the new pathology, ho encoun ters a vast array of witnesses and testimony. But after attempting to sift the cvidenco it is impossible to return a sweeping and decisive verdict. It would bo usolcss to deny that, under tho influence of the mind-cure prac titioners, beneficent and in some cases remark able results are attaiued. It is not surprising that they are able to "euro" hypochondriacs, whoso ills exist only in imagination, and it is easy to understand that thoir peculiar influence is more potent than that of medicine in cases of certain disorders of mental aud nervous origiu. But when more marvellous cures arc claimed the average sceptic falls back ou Dr. Peabody's assertion that a physician's success depends upon the degree in which he possesses Iho confidence of his patient. Complete har mony of mind nnd confidence in any remedial agency is a moro potent factor in any caso than most people, oven medical practitioners, gener ally recognise. This fact is tho real secret of the mind cure craze, and with a foundation so substantial it is, after all, hardly wonderful that so vast aud funtnstic a structure has been erected. Investigation of any of tho miracles which it is claimed are wrought is unsatis factory. Although cases are cited by the hundred of alleged cures of paralysis, cancer, tumors, _ consumption, rheumatism, scarlet fever, sptoul complaint, nervous disorders and minor complaints, there appears to havo boon no genuine, scientific test of tho system. Thero is testimony in abuudauce, radical, positive, and undoubtedly honest, from people who claim to have been cured by the new agency of organic diseaso of long standing ; but investigation develops so many weak or incre dible points that close analysis is uimost always unsatisfactory iu its results. Illustrations might be detailed by the score, but a single well-authenticated caso will suffice. A promi nent dentist of this city fell and severely injured his knee. He sent for a snrgeon of good repute, who examined the limb and diagnosed a fracture, saying that ho could plainly detect tlio gratiug of the broken edges of tho hone against eacli other, Tho patient was properly treated, and was. advised to reconcilo himself to several weeks' con finement. But, yielding to tho impor tunities of his wife, lie allowed her to call iu a mindcuro practitioner. He treated the injured man according to tho tenets of the new school and tried to persuade him that ho was not really injury. Finally, ho induced him to get up and walk, which ho'did, at first with difficulty, but soon with comparative caso. The dentist walked iuto tho office of the surgeon who first attended him the next morning, and tho doctor thought for a moment that lie saw a ghost. This caso is naturally reckoned a great triumph of mcutal healing over old fashioued methods. Tho old school surgeon, of course, simply acknowledges that he made a mistaken diagnosis, aud says tho gentleman sustained only a strain of the knee joint. Until recently the popular excitement on tho subject had uot been utilised for fradulont pur poses by "scalawags" and professional im postors. A largo majority of tlio mind-cure couveits havo been women. If tliey linvo been themselves benefited, or think tliey have, they begin to study the art, and become prac titioners. None of this class have sought to fill their purses by practising tho new method. Most of theiu havo treated their friends gratuitously, ns described above, or have given their time to strangers for somo trifling recompense. Thero have been instances, how ever, within a few months of gross swindling of the credulous by professional quacks, who find it profitable just, now to put ou tho mind cure mantle. A case in point occurred re- cently. An ignorant but smooth tongued rascal, who is gottiug rich upon tho mind cure craze, was called to treat tho wife of a wealthy gentleman. She was suffering from cancer, aud the disciple of mental hoaliug guaranteed that ho would cure her. Presently the patient died. But the mind cure man persuaded the husband that he had succeeded iu partially curing the cancerous trouble, when death super vened, caused by consumption. Accordingly a bill for 4000 dol. was sent in, aud the hus band finally paid 3000 dol. rather than suffer tlio embarrassment of a lawsuit. Fot several weeks past, as stated at tho outset, the religious revolution involved in tho new departure has overshadowed the consideration of tho physical phenomena iu tlio public mind. The theological innovations aro confined to tho creed of the Christian Scientists, who constitnto the largest division of the mind euro host. They make tho principles of a new theology indispensable in their theories of mental healing. They arc ted by Mrs. Eddy, who is the high priestess of tho whole movement. She claims to he tne founder of the science, though rivals deny it, aud her account of tlio divine origin of the faitli is worth mentioning. In 1866, according to her story, she fell accidentally upon the side walk, and suffered spinal injury and paralysis, which physicians declared would result fatally iu a few hours. Her pastor called to seo her just before the end was apparently at hand, and offered hor consolation. She begged him to re turn in tho afternoon, but no ono believed she would thcu be living. By revelation from Heaven ct thnt time "God's actual re lation towards her and to tho human race was mado clear, end sho realised that her hurt was but an error which, when supplanted by the truth, would disappear. By the ght of her new knowledge, she brought herself by mental process into a proper attitude toward Jehovah, and when the clergy man called a few bonrs later, expecting to com fort a bereaved family, sho met him at the door. Ever since, Mrs, Eddy says, she has had tho power of healing others as she was herself healed. The creed which sho has formulated us the basi3 of her system is a peculiar theological mixture. But, as Professor Stacy Fawier said in a recent paper on the subject, "If they heal, people will not stop at a question of theology. If they heal they will carry tho day, and they ought to." Henco it is that Haw thorne Hal, where the Christian Scientists wor ship, is thronged for an hour before the timo for scrvico each Sunday. So eager are people to hear that after the standing room is all taken people crowd around outsido tho doors, whero they can catch only an occasional word or iwo. The service consists of ordinary devotional exercises preceding a sermon by Mrs. Eddy. But the creed sho teaches "is so blindly and illogically presented, is so full of appa rent inconsistencies, that it would be an im possible task to describo it, even in outline. ' God is an infinite rniud ; matter is nothing.' Personality is tho embodiment of mind. Fore giveness of sin means destruction of sin"— theso are fragmentary ideas gained bv listening to one of Mrs. Eddy's rambling talks. Tho Rev. A. J. Gordon, D.D., a prominent Baptist clergyman, who has studied the books of the Christian Scientists thoroughly and talked with ail ihe leaders, pronounces then: creed a mixture | of Pantheism and Buddhism. The delusion, ho i says, is most insidious. The largo uso of tho : Bible, tho strenuous demand for holiness nnd I solf- abnegntiou in tlio disciples, the results ap- I pnrcntly effected in the ministry to tho sjck— | theso aro very powerful considerations for attracting converts. And so hundreds, of young ladies especially, are drawn into tlio system under the impression that tlivy aro getting some finer quality of Christianity. Dr. Gordon predicts that this is not the final issue. If tho body is only a phantom nnd tlio flesh only a shadow, by and by some very practical sinners will take refuge under tiic system, and insist that tho sins of the body and tlio trans gressions of the flesh ate harmless, siuco they aro only tho phantom of a phantom and the shadow of a shadow. Dr. Gordon regards the wholo system as a sort of witch's cauldron, in which every conceivable heathen nnd Christian heresy is seetliiug unci simmering to produce the subtle essence called "mental medicine." Ou the other hand, the Rev. O. P. Gifford, another Baptist clergyman, of equal, standing, and several otberprominent ministers/defend the Christian scientists and endorse much of thcii philosophy, white admitting that much more of it is unintelligible. But tho clergy as a whole now regard the subject with grave apprehension, and on all sides they aro discussing tho situation with great earnestness. They hardly know how to deal with the danger, for the sincerity of all infected with the now faith is undoubted, aud any policy of opposition or denunciation serves only to in crease their ardor. Scores of applications have been made to evangelical churches of the Bap tist, Methodist, Congregational nnd Episcopa lian denominations for letters of dismissal, that tho applicants .may join tho Christian Scientists' church. All such applications hava been refnsed, but the converts to tho new idea nevertheless worship with those of the new creed. Tlio public discussion of the new theo logy was begun a few weeks ago by tho Rev. Joseph Cook, upon his Monday "lectureship platform. Ho endorsed tho views of Dr. Gordon, and denounced the Christian Scientists unsparingly. Since then the subjoct has been discussed from week to week at one or moro of the confereuces of ministers of the various deuomiuatious. Tho persons who nro most affected by lha craze, except tho actual converts, are tha physicians ; but from them least is publicly heard. Perhaps the best antidote, after having spent somo time in canvassing tlio views of tho mental heaters and in discussing the theological sido of the subject, is to call upon come good old fashioned physicinu, who lias been adding years to men's lives for half a century. "Doctor," a veteran practitioner was asked recently, "why don't von take iu your sign now that the mind cure people huvo shown that no one need" he sick unless ho has a mind to?" "Don't make fun of fools, young man," tho reply came, " it only strengthens thorn in their foilv. When peoplo ask me if ilicrc is anything iu mental hoaliug, I say yes, of course there is. Every physician knows that when a patient's mind or imagination is in sympathy with him, tho work of curing is 'iu many cases half done. In dealing with mental aud nervous diseases, ono object aimed at is to secure absolute peace of mind on the part of tlio patient. Then nature will work her own cure. Sometimes it is necessary to administer a few bread pills or a few drops of colored water to induce full confidence. But it is useless to nrguo with peoplo who try to show that there is no sickness and that poisons won't kill. Tho cruzo might as well run its course. " 