TURF GOSSIP. BY ACGCB. From a pecuniary point of .view, the Grand National meeting of die Victoria Racing Clab mast have been a 6access, and would have been even more pronounced had it not been for the Weather. The increase in the stakes had such a good effect that the powers that be are bound to recognise the efficacy of big prizes, and next year 1 hope to Bee a still farther increase: The Grand National Steeplechase was the worst I ever saw, for, oat of 14 starters, only three stood op ; the pace made by Native and Denmark and the slippery nature of the ground had much to do with the casualties. Wymlefc, who, it was reported, was not the safest of jumpers, got through with out making any serious mistake, bat more than once he rattled a fence all round, and Cor rigan, I expect felt a little uneasy until he negotiated the iastfence. Then it was all over, for be had thejpace of Saiior, and beat him very easily. Denmark ran a great horse under 'difficulties,' for the ground in many places was fetlock-deep, and with such a weight aa he had this was all against him. Under any circumstances, perhaps, he would hare had no show with Wymlet at the weights, bat he might have troubled him at the finish had the going been sound. Wym let's victory was another triumph for King Tom, whose other sons, Leo, Mernder, and Stuaiey, have brought him into the front rank this season, and in the V.R.C. Grand National winner he can lay claim to one of the most promising young steeplechasers Victoria ever possessed. We all regretted to see a genuine sportsman like Mr. E. Bond lose so good a horse as Leo, whose shoulder was so badly broken that he had to be destroyed. He commenced his career in brilliant fashion by winning the Grand National at Elatern wick- park, and had he not met with so un fortunate a mishap, King Tom would have had another first-class son to keep up the character of the family. Of the others that fell, Moonlight and ForeBter were severely injured about the stifles, but the remainder escaped with a few contusions. Mr. Talbot has a real good colt in Hippogriff, who won the Maiden Hurdle Race so easily; and when Duration settles down to the business, he will prove a very usefal hurdleracer. The Agent must have recovered in double quick time from the cold with which he had been afflicted. Mr. Hart I hear won a pretty fair stake by the victory of Slanderer's son, and had Governor won the Steeplechase the stable would have thrown in for a handsome sum. Had Guard fish been ridden a little more judiciously he might have made a race of it with The Agent, but he ran the first two miles at such a pace that he was at the chestnut's mercy when the real struggle com menced. It is impossible to say what position Sheet Anchor would have occupied had he not been so seriously interfered with by Omadhaun, but from the first I had mis givings respecting his chance of success, be cause he was anovice at the business. Hunts man disappointed me, but hell do better, I feel., satisfied, before another season passes away. Tattler ran a pretty fair mares, and- Mr. Cox's Cockboat improved considerably upon former perfor mances.' - Student hadn't anything even second-class to beat in the Selling Hurdle Race, and I was glad to see him win a race for Teomans, who is one of the most de serving of our trainers. The Ghost, being the selected one of ME. J. G. Beid's now dangerous stable, won the flat race very Cleverly, and Plausible ran a respectable race, but I've au idea that there were a few out for a pipe-opener only. Vernet, who had dene two or three excellent gallons in private, tan an utter brute, and finished absolutely last Mr. Bond should be well satisfied with the entries received for the V.A.T.C. August meeting. The Sapling Stakes shows the greatest increase when compared with last year's entries, the numbers being 46 against 23, or just double. This is indeed a gratify ing circumstance, showing, as it does; that by increasing stakes racing clubs command more extensive patronage from owners of horses. Many of the youngsters nominated are en gaged in the Maribyrnong Plate, and this fact renders this event very interesting, and it will give xaciqg men an opportunity of judging whether some of their youngsters axe worth persevering, with. Of all I've seen, Clemency, by First King from Pardon, and young James Wilson's, three are the most pro mising, but something quick and aotive may jump away racing while the others are thinking of if Owners should not, therefore, despair because they may be beaten, fox time; effects an extraordinary improvement in some young horses. In the Hurdle Race there are 29| Sheet Anohor being one of the number, so that Mr. Loughlin intends to give him another trial over hurdles. The GbbSt & nominated, and * horse with hlfc torttt of' [ speed should hold his own pretty well if he can jump. The Agent, who now is the best burdleracer we are possessed of, is in the list, and Waverley, Hippogriff, Ulverstone, Raven, and others of repute help to swell the number. The Selling Race has filled very badly, only six being nominated, but there are 20 in the Steeplechase,ar!d from Den mark, Wymlet, Morven, Reticent, Bnzza, Lizette, Native, Mernder, &c.;, a very strong field should come. The Balaclava Stakes has attracted the very respectable nnmber of 48, which inclades several excellent per formers. Among the visitors to Flemington on Satur day was the Hon. W. Robinson, of New Zea land. He took a lively interest in the pro ceedings, and seemed to be well pleased with Flemington. In conversation with the Hon. James white, who also was present, the New South Wales sportsman informed me that Martini-Henry was growing into a very grand . horse, which 1 can easily imagine, for when I akvr him only a _ few months ago the son of'Musket had improved considerably. With Buch mares as he will have at Kirkham I don't think there need be' any fe& respecting his future as a stwl horse. Mr. White spoke very hopefully ' of bis three year olds, and didn't seem to fear another meeting with Newstead. But which is the best of the lot that will carry the blue 'and white banfier ? This is a question which I'm Bote neither Mr. White nor his trainer can answer. Since racing1 was first established in Australia nb racing man has ever possessed such ia "host of three-year-old talent, and it will be a clever man indeed who can, within the next month, discover which is entitled to the premier position. I'm glad to hear that the fears respecting Nordenfeldt's legs have vanished. Percussion is doing so well that her owner regrets she was not more freely entered for the good things of the Victorian Racing Club; It .all goes well with this Maori ltuly, "the visitor's to theV.RC. Sptinjg meeting'will see a very fine filly when sne walks out on to the Flemington track. Lennox, Mr. White alBO speaks hopefully of; and with such a reserve force as Monte Christo, Uralla, Matchlock, and Morpeth's brother, it will be bard, indeed, if the cam paign. ia not a successful one. I'm glad to say that W. Harden had so far recovered from the accident he met with some time ago as tc be able'to visit Fleming ton last Saturday to witness the Grand National events. He desired me to thank j those who had so kindly helped him during his illness, and as he bad recovered the use j of his hand, he hoped to be able to com-j mence riding exercise in a short time. Visitors to Flemington last Saturday could not have helped noticing the block there was in the narrow space between the members' stand and the clock tower. Before the Spring meeting comes round this will be obviated by the removal of the clock-tower further west ward. The suggestion was made in this journal nearly two years ago, and if the V.R.C. will only take the westward sheds hearer the river the paddock will not l)e so densely packed as it generally is on Derby and Cup days. Mr. Martin Longhlin has made an excellent record since he returned from the old country. He has purchased Colebtook, Dundee, Wymlet, Morven. and Sheet Anchor. With the first-named ne has won two steeplechases- oneatLaunceston.andanother at Flemington. Dundee won the Victoria Gold Cup at Caulfield, and Wymlet on Satur day last won the Grand National Steeple chase. Kow it only remains tor v Sheet Anchor and Morven to land a big double. Mr: C. J. Penfold, secretary of the Canter bury (N.Z.) Jockey Clnb, has forwarded me a copy of the club's book containing the pro gramme, entries for future events, &c.; It is compiled upon the same principle as that of the V.R.CL, and the Spring meeting is an nounced to take place in November. On the first day seven events will be decided, chief amongst them being the New Zealand Cup, of 1.000 sovs., a handicap of two miles. Next to tnis is the Welcome Stakes, of 300 sovs., for two year olds, and there is a Hurdle Race of 200 sovs. Chief amongst the items of the second day is the Derby, of 500 sovs.; but there is another prize of equal value in the Stewards Stakes, a six-furlong handicap, to which the club adds 500 sovs. The Juvenile Plate, of 300 sovs., ior two and three year olds, is another feature; and on the third day there are the Canterbury Cup, of 500 sovs., two miles and a quarter, weight for age; Metropolitan Handicap, of 300 sovs., one mile and a quarter; Nursery Handicap, of 200 sovs.; Flying Handicap, of 200 sovs.; and three other races of 100 sovs. each. This is a programme which must commend itself to the racing men of New Zealand. July is among the horses nominated .for the New Zealand Cup, and I notice that the handi cappers of the south have placed him within 131b. of Tasman and 81b. of Treptou, while Mr. Barnard calls upon Tasman to give him 231b., though Trenton and the brother of Sir Modred are treated similarly. The entries for the Welcome Stakes number 30 and for the Derby 4L Win cheater and Matchlock are amongst the youngsters nominated for the latter, but they are now in Australia, and probably will be performing at Flemington in Novem ber. At the summer meeting of the C.J.C., the Midsummer Handicapot30GSOVB., Grand Stand Handicap of 250 sovs., and the Middle Park Stakes of 250 sovs., will be the principal races. The autumn meeting will take place on Easter Monday and Tueaday( when the Great Autumn Handicap of 300 BOVB., Cham pagne Stakes of 300 SOVB.. Challenge Stakes ofSOOsovs., Easter Handicap of 250 sova, Nursery Handicap of 200 sovs., qnd other raoas will be run. At the Hughenden (Q.) races, held a short time ago, Abe principal event, the Hughenden Handicap, of lfiO sovbh was won by Mr. J. Byrne's Chelsea, by Winchelsea from Prin cess Alice. i Speculation, by Blear Athol, won the Publicans' Parse, and Mr. C. N. Army tage'a Qrasy Jaqe, by Grandmaster, carried off the Corinthian Cup and President's Cup. Every effort is being made at Canlfield to make the course of the V.A.T.C. as perfect as possible before the next Spring meeting. The sew stand is rapidly approaching com pletion, and the numerous other improve ments in the pr&nd-stend; enclosure are being ' proceeded with satisfactorily. Mr. Bond informs tqe that he has arranged the fences for the Grand National Steeplechase^ which will be ran over the new course, and if. the <jlub be fortunate enough to have fine' weather thia event is likely to J*e one of the most exciting ever witnessed in Victoria. Mr. C. S. Agnew has lost his brood mare Young Prudence, who died a short time ago. She wa$ the dam of the steeplechaser Echo, who has lately dutinguti&ldlilmMlf; on this side of thestrtuU. " fnitlo.; .i, Among the trainer* of nflotoifo thoreia none mote respected Jjumii&fe;* J&ro;*1 Cripps, who, bydini sstcs Btrict a^tentioniJo taritei* Wr .getting tpgafeer fond^i Qne 4,14 JteTMi tfce this firto < intending highly-bred juveniles which have lately been placed in bis charge. They were parading a spare piece of ground at the rear of the Sl 1 the bidding of the master, £.^812. opon their backs pot them Into ® ft canter. For action and ap pea^Hffi^ nothing pleased me more than, the WIf by _ Country man or Richmond from Miss Heslop. She was foaled to the latter's time, and her wonderful girth is so similar to that of the Vic torian ex-champion that I don't think titere ean be any doubt respecting her paternity. She inherits his power, and if ever I saw a filly capable of carrying heavy weights and going fast this Is the one. Her breeding is first-class, for her dam Miss Heslop is by Costa from Serenity, by Saunterer from Gratitude, by Newmiaste*, and the Hon. W. Robinson* of New Zealand, has good cause to remember Gratitude, for she was his mare when he was on the English tnrf, and by a short head only he was deprived of the pleasure of effecting a great coup in one -of ? the principal autumn handicaps ot the old country. Miss Heslop is also tne dam of Bis Bis, who was possessed of a moat brilliant turn of speed, but she lacked the strength of this daughter of Rich mondj for . whom I prophesy a successful career on the tnrf, provided that she goes through her training without accident. Can tering at her side as she trotted in beautiful style round the circle was a full brother' to Santa Glaus, a well-grown colt, whose bay coatshone like satin in the sun. He, too, is a nice mover in his slow paoes; and a neat little, filly a by iCountryman or Richmond from-' Annie Firmin, is almost sure to go fast, for her dam is half Bister to Footstep and Lord Wilton, and full sister to SandaL A useful-looking filly by Grand Prix from Kernel is another aristo cratic young lady, her mother being three fourths Bister to > Navigator, for she is by Angler from Gocoannt The two-year-old Derision was also one of the company, and I was glad to see that he had improved, though he'll not be up to Derby weights, nor will he ever be a glutton over a distance, perhaps; but he is a smart colt, and over short courses may pay his way. In the atable I saw Motea in great heart to com mence the ensuing season, and this fine looking brother to Darebin will probably keep up the character of the old Melbourne line. Loth air, who is now one of the best looking horses in the land, also occupied one of the boxes, and this well-bred Queens lander I expect to make a name as a sire. No horse could be doing better than he is, and as he will stand in the vicinity of Ea sendon, owners of mares will have an op portunity of securing his services. There is no young thoroughbred sire for whom I en tertain a greater respect. Royal Consort, who was purchasedby Cripps at the Cairn Curran sale, is a rue cut of a stallion, and with good mares he, too, should be successful as a sire. Sensation has joined the horses in training by Cripps, and a very useful- looking customer he is, just the sort to make a first class hurdleracer. He is by Panic, and once did not belie his name, for he was nominated for the Melbourne Cup, and backed for a heap of money. I fancy, however, he would be more at home over hurdles than on the fiat, and at the former game his new owner may land a race or two with him. Hobart, Straggler, Vulcan, Mistake, and the other occupants were all looking well; and with these, no doubt, Cripps will pick up a few crumbs of comf act during the coming season. He is in creasing his accommodation by the addition of several new boxes, and surrounding his block of land with a substantial corrugated iron fence. : The pretty little course by the sea will be the tryatiBg:ground for racing men to-day, when the Williamgtown Racing Club meeting will be disposed of. We have had so much disagreeable weather of late that a fine after noon will be greeted with Dleasure, and if it be there will bea large attendance of the metro politan division in the special trains thatwill run to the course. For the Hurdle Race, Dunleary, Fusilier, and Amateur look best upon paper; Achmet or Albanua ought to win the Railway Stakes, T&xaraxacum; or Studley the Steeplechase, Jimmy or Little King the Selling Race, and Phantom or Bohemian the Epsom Handicap. The foil programme of the Hawkesbury Race Club appears this week, and as several Victorian horses are engaged in the events that have closed some of oar racing men may feel inclined to nominate for the minor events. As is the custom now upon most racecourses, the opening event is a Hurdle Race of 100 sovs., and next to this comes (he Hawkesbnry Guineas which has already closed. The Pablic Auction Stakes of 100 sovs. follows, but the .Connty Purse has already closed with 102 entries. The Maiden Plate of 100 sovs. winds np the day's proceedings. On the second,' Saturday, September 12, business will open irith the Disposal Stakes of 100 so vs. The Hawkesbury Handicap and Produce Stakes have already dosed, but the Two-year-old Stakes ought to attract a large field, seeing that the club adds 250 sovs., and that spirited sportsman Mr. Andrew Town will present the winner with a piece of plate value 50 sovs. The distance is half a mile, and the weights for colts 7st' 101b., and fillies 7st 81b. The Members' Handicap of 100 SOVB. and Ladies' Bracelet complete an, excellent programme General entries close with the secretary, 'Mr. ?. S. Gnest, Rich m6nd, N.S.W., and at the offices ot &e; V.R.C. and A.J.C. at 4 p.rfL on Monday, August 24. Another racing bill of fare worthy the attention of all racing men 1B that of Sydney Tattereall's Clulx The day selected is Satur day, August 39, when five events will'jbe decided. First on the list is a Hurdle Bice of 160 SOVB., two miles, and this will ^be ancceeded by the Tramway Handicap of 150 sovs., Biz fartongs. A Selling Bate of 100 sovsM seven furlongs, precedes TatterBaU'a Two-year-old Stakes of 200 eovs., an' event which is bound to attract a goodly number of juveniles. Thfe conditions are similar ta those of the HawkesbaryChib. The Loftua Handicap of 150«ovs. will be Hie wind-op, atid this short but very §yeet ttrtjgtetnme will doabtleBS receive the consideration it de serves from the turfites of the colonies. Entries dose with the secretary, Mr. James Perry, at Tattersall'^ Sydney, or at the V. R.C. office, Melbourne, ait 4 p.m. oh Tuesday, August 18, Midi hope to see mote than one Victorian represented when the nominations are published. ', Mr. Barnard published the Geelong weights on Wednesday, and has, I, think, succeeded in framing satisfactory handicaps. Of course we shall be treated to the usual amount'of lauU-finding by owners wboaie never pleased NRlth toiybody's ianaicappin'g/but taken aft a ?whole the various -events eeegiionjift toi>e of a vw open character. very bmiiant lqt in the £ which Stat has. ^" * Footman strike me as looking best upon paper, but the first named will hardly^ be In the Railway Stakes, Irralee heads the list with 9st 41b., and over the, distance, six furlongs, he is all .at home. The other are well handicapped, though comb, and Brinkman look bke prortucmg the winner. In the Steeplechase Deceiver hea^s the list at list 111b., but I doubt iE he caii give Colebrook an ounce. The Tasmaman is now a different animal to wh when he ran in his own island, and at usu h« will be very hard to beat, his most dangerous opponents *3^ and Studley. To the Winter Handicap more interest will be attached because several oi the horses engage EOT skUVefe. St st ssiJfttSsa; &** TTnno T.-indo. Tissue, East Lynne, leuow lamnier, and The Athenian all seem to me to have a chance, , Concerning the appointment of a bandl eader in New Zealand the Canterbury. 'IT* JSt-'' Mr. Sydney James has received a letter from Mr. Percival, secretary of the Auckland llacing Club, suggesting the consi deration of the desirability of mutual action with the view of appointingMr. F.F.Dakm as haDdicapper for the leading clubs of New Zealand. 1 Understand that Sir. J^aalso received a communication from Mr. Dakin direct on the same subject The whole matter will probably come up for considera tion at the Dunedin Jockey Club annual meet ing shortly tojaeheld. Some leading sports here, while admitting Mr. Dakin'e competence for the post. cioeetion.whetber any one man could rive Batistaction to all owners, and predict that the rock on which he would be wrecked would be jealousy between the two islands^ Others, on the contrary, think Mr. Dakrn the right man in the right place, and believe his appointment wouldgiveuniversal Batufaction. One and all agree that the offer of Mr. Dakms services is well worthy of consideration. The accident to T. Lyford in the Maiden Steeplechase at Hawke's Bay while riding Silver King was (sayB a New Zealand paper) a very severe one, as Director, on whom Albert Lyford had the mount, jumped right on top of Tommy as the latter lay on the ground when his horse fell with him at the walL I hear that the scene when the poor fellow was brought into the press-room for medical aid was a most painful one, his brother Albert breaking down completely at the unfortunate result of his own efforts to avoid the accident Albeit for some time could not be persuaded to leave his brother, and go out on Macaroni, and refused to do BO until told by the doctor that his (Albert s) presence ifl the room in the distressed state he was in was doing his brother more harm than good. Not until almost forced from his brother's sidecouldAlbertbepersuadedtoput on the colours and weigh out for the big race. How splendidly he rode it, though his eyes were blinded with tears for the terrible in jury to his brother he had been the inno cent cause of, those who saw the race can testify Some of the jockeys' costumes at the late! V.R.C. meeting were neither neat nor clean, and I was surprised to see them pass without; ^Mew^Hvf^^Tnille and Co. held a sale of thoroughbred Block atTatteraall's Bazaar, on Monday. Meteor and St Leonards were submitted, but neither reached the reserve. Mr. Falkiner informs me that he will takethe former back to Tasmania, and there send bim to the stud, while St. Leonards will probably be trained in Victoria. A two-year-old brown; colt by St Albans from Naomi, was Boldto Mr. T. Jones for 100 guineas; the Tasmanian borse Riverton, to Mr. G. Glasscock for 40 ; guineas; and the hurdleracer Concord, to Mx. J. Crippe for 35 guineas. The Torres Straits route may be the smoothest for those who take it when on the trip to India, but it does not appear to be the satest It is not so long ago that Messrs. Warren and Glasscock lost a shipment or horses through the ship running upon one of the innumerable reefs that infest the Btraits. Now we hear of the John De Costa, with Mr. Macklin's shipment, being wrecked through . the ship running upon the rocks, and though an attempt was to be made to save a portion of the horses, it is feared that all have been lost Mr. Warren.' who left over two months ago with a number of horses, has not yet arrived at his destination, and fears are entertained that the ship was caught in the cyclone which committed such damage about a month ago. , It will be remembered that Mr Abbott s trainer Clarke came from India to Australia to purchase a couple of maidens. He pur chased Coningsby and Gohanna, and shipped them on the mail boat From Albany a telegram was received stating that the ship Viafl had a terrible passage from Adelaide, and that Coningsby nad been killed. From the Indian Planter's Gazette I now learn that Gohanna also succumbed, as that journal contains a telegram received from Clarke to the effect that Doth horses had been killed. Oscar Dignam had arrived at Bangalore, and as be was a passenger by the Thibet be was able to give all information respecting the trip, which he states was a terrible one, the weather being cold, damp, and stormy. Both horses^ contracted lung disease, and notwithstanding all the attention of Clarke, Dignam, and others, first one and then the other died. The following concerning Australian horses in India is from the same journal" Now that the rains have set in in Tirhoot the Jaint porestringbas commenced slow work, and the whole lot of 23 look blooming and well, doing infinite credit to Campbell and Rich mond, who, daring Clarke's absence, have been in charge of the stable. Sting is in very different condition to what he was when ball dead and stale he went out to do battle for the last Viceroy's Cup. He is jumping about like a three-year-old, and bas a . coat on bim like satin; the same may be said , pi Mr. Gasper's string, which are also train ing atJaintpore. ;PoUio is {goingve tcnA looks l>ig and weU; also the old mate ' .Triplets. As for Ned Kelly and Noo ?m old Australians would never know fn fr»n; they are in perfect condition, nfffkftr bf them ever sees the racecourse,. they merely get each day 10 oi 12 maes rtdkUM? over Jhe Indigo lands, and just sky-1 ' * of beating anywhere." of Athol have been and Melbourne and the weights 7st 51b. for colts and 7st for fillies. The August Handicap or 50 so vs., half a mile, Steeplechase of 60 sov&, Selling Race of 50 BOVS., and Essendon btakes ot 50 sova, are the other events, and entries close at Mr. Cox's office, Kirk's Bazaar. FOT the two-year-old race the only liability is the sovereign for entrance, and therefore there should be a large entry for it ..... The attention of hunting men is directed to the conditions of the two Hunters Plates, of 80 BOVS. each, to be contested at the National Agricultural Society's Show next month. The first is for hunters carrying not less than 13st, aud the second for hunters carrying not less than list. Entries close with the secretary, Mr. Thomas Patterson, on Wednesday, August 5. Mr. Thomas Haydon has issued another programme to be run through at Elstern wick-park on Saturday, August 29. The in evitable trot opens the ball, and this time it is a two mile event for horses that have never beaten three minutes. Second on the list is a Hurdle Race of 50 SOVB., and the juveniles have not been forgotten, a 50 sov. three furlong race having been introduced for them. The other events are a Selling Steeplechase of 50 sovs., Selling Flat Race.of 50sovs., Steeplechase of 75 BOVS., and Five Furlong Handicap of 50 BOVS. Entries close on Monday, August 17. By advertisement this week the terms of the Laoeby sires are announced. King Tom has flashed upon the racing public like a meteor, and as the sire of Wymlet, Mernder, Leo, and Studley has established his name as a sire of steeplechasers. This fine sonot South Australian and Miss Giraffe is to stand at the very moderate fee of ten guineas, which places him within the reach of farmers as well as breeders generally, and I would strongly urge farmers in the north-east pos sessing well-bred mares to send them to the sire of the last Grand National Steeplechase winner. Lighter and neater, but equally well bred, is Herschel, whose fee is ten guineas; and Warlock, a real good performer in his time, is to be had at the moderate fee of five guineas. Liberator was a brilliant racehorse, is one of the handsomest stud horses in the land, and inherits a most aristocratic pedigree. His stock are moat promising ana he is & sure foal-getter. Eight guineas is the moderate fee asked for his services, and as there are good paddocks at Box-hill, where he is located, he is well worth a trial. Panic mares should suit this good-looking 8on of Irish King, and with thoroughbred mares of the proper stamp, he is bound to make a name for him self at the stud. I From England comes the news that Lord Rosebery intends to retire from the turf, and that next year his horses will be nominated by the Prince of Wales. The turf of the old i country can ill afford to lose so liberal a patron as Lord Rosebery. It is possible, however, that his retirement is merely tem porary. I The Deniliquin Jockey Club may be com plimented on the successful result of the annual race meeting held on the 21st and 22n I inst The club is now free of debt, and on settling night the sum of £250 was sub scribed in a few minutes for races for next year. Of this sum Sir William Clarke gave £100 as a prize for the Steeplechase. The success that attended the late race meeting may be fairly attributed to the energy and liberality displayed by Mr. W. R. Virgoe, of Miathoura, the president of the club. He drew up the programme which attracted such large fields in every event but the Selling Race. He erected, at his own cost, the fences in the steeplechase course, gave handsome Crizes to be run for, and for some weeks past as devoted the whole of his-time to perfecting the arrangements for the meet ing, and the result has been the greatest success that ever attended a meeting of the club since its initiation. The steeplechase course has been laid out with great skill The running ground is not touched on except to cross it at one point In front of the stand there are four leaps,. each of a different character, namely, a postp aid-rail fence to commence with, a stout brick wall (the top rounded with cement) follows, then there is a paling fence, and to wind up, Mr. Virgoe has constructed the firmest and best log fence on any course in Australia. The enthusiastic and long-con tinued cheering that greeted the president of the club when Denmark carried his colours to victory in the Steeplechase showed that his labours to promote the sport of the dis trict were fully appreciated alike by the resi dents of Deniliquin and the visitors from a circuit of a thousand miles who thronged the lawn and weighing-yard. A number of light-fingered gentry paid a visit to Deniliquin during the race week, and plied their trade eo well that many of the visitors have -to mourn the IOBS of favourite overcoats and rugs stolen from the bedrooms of the Royal -Hotel daring the mild satur nalia thai prevailed . in that house on settling bight The Victoria Amateur Turf Club book, containing programme, nominations, be., has been published by Mr. Bond, and can be obtained at the office, 100 Bonrke- street west. It iB very neatly compiled and printed, and will be found nBeful by all racing men. The steeplechaser Forester returned to Tasmania on Thureday. It has been decided by the committee of the Sandhurst Trotting Club to postpone the meeting which %jas to have taken place on Wednesday. This step has been taken owing to counter attractions being held on the same day. Cash betting in Victoria is doomed. It has grown into alarming proportions, and the police have at- last token the first step to wards .suppressing it -With this object Superintendent Saalier has forwarded the following notice to the various metropolitan racine secretaries"Superintendent's Office. Melbourne.-A* cash, betting is illegal, and in order that yon 'tfiay assist the police in putting a stop to it on tin coarse under your control, I beg to forward for your informa tion a copy of suggestions I have submitted to the secretary of the .V.R.C, (Mr. Byron Moore). I shall be glad if they meetwith your approval, and that the police may have your assietance and that of your officers in carrying out the'law.-J. SADMER, Superin tendent of Police. Suggestions Referred To. \--L That you disallow any fixed post, stand, box, &c;, on any part of the ground for-the use of any persons betting. % That notices may be posted In such places as youmay think fit warning all persons that cash bet ting is illegal. $. That you instruct <foe officers of the club to assist the police in 4te prevention. 4. That you withdraw or cancel &ny; existing notice or x^ulation M'theldub that might be understood as recognising caish betting on the coarse at any time, or under any. circumstances." While at Flemmgton daring the week I notioeafh&t; the tie wtrackwasin use. -The Czar was having a etrone eaUop npon it, and tiiis useful little son of Tfo Marquis appears to Uverecpveredsotattof bis form. of the hurdleracer Guardfish to Mr. Oliver for 275 guineas. , Mr. James Paterson has lost his brood mate Gelatine, who died at Laceby a few days ago. During her stud career ebe pro duced more than one that could gallop, Cremorne, Glycerine, and Pailleroo being among her progeny. H. Yeend. has requested me to inform trainers that a boy named Gray has left his service without leave. Although Saturday last was not a good day for the ring generally, several of the book makers came out with a substantial balance. Mr. D. Fountain backed the double, The .Agent and Wymlet, to win between £2,000 and £3,000, and another member of the ring won sufficient to enable him to wipe off some old liabilitiea I hear, too, tha t Ferguson, the jockey, landed £500 on the Grand National double. King of the Gipsies has been scratched for the Melbourne Cup. It was stated last week that July was on his way from New Zealand to Melbourne, but I have not yet heard of his arrival. If he is to have any chance for the Melbourne Cup he ought to be here now. Various opinions are offered by New Zealanders respecting this brother to Sir Modred. Some say he is a good horse, within 101b. of his distinguished I brother, while others maintain that he is an I animal of very moderate calibre. 