STRAY NOTES, Hilf, a retired Capéllmeister and, pro- bably, the oldest musician living, kept re- cently his 101st birthday. He was born at Thonbrunn, near Neuberg, in Bohemia, and is still, despite his great age, hearty aud vigorous, mentally and bodily. Among the working women of Paris, there are 1027 who earn their living as ballet dancers of the opera, receiving wages varying, from £45 to £115 per anjnum. The annual sum paid for and to thf hallets is considered to amount to £1570,000. Kow to pronounce the name of the re- nowned historian who lately visited ns was a puzzle to many, says ' jEglos ' in the Australasian, In order to resolve the doubt a gentleman who had to propose a toast which involved naming the distin* gnished visitor, said beforehand-"Par- don my asking yon, what is correct, am I to call yon Frood or Frowd.-" '*' Well," was Mr. F.'s reply, "before I left Eng- land I could have solved that for yon; bnt the other day, at a banquet, the Mayor of Sheepstow publicly called me Fraud !" Mr. Chamberlain says :-" It does not need a prophet to predict that in the course of the next half-century the Aus- tralian colonies will have attained a posi- tion in which no power will be strong en- ough to ignore them, that they will have a snpreme authority in the Pacific Seas ; and, for my part, I cannot look with any confidence on any settlement which may be made in those regions in defiance of their united opposition." Sixteen lovely harem ladies, belonging to the Sultan, have, ; by his .permission, sent their photographs, as a contribution to the Beauty Exhibition in Paris. It appears that the competitors need not all of them put in an appearance in the flesh, but that, under certain circumstances, ladies at any distance and of all nations, will be allowed to compete per photo- graph. Of course they will not be in Class I., nor on the same stall with the ladies who personally put in an appearance. 1 The following is the text of the tele- gram received by Mr. Service from the Agent-General with regard to the Victor- ian offer of help for the war in the Sou- dan :-" The British Government highly appreciate the patriotic offer of Victoria, Adelaide, and Queensland, with respect to a force, but the long time before the embarkation will be possible will prevent their immediately'accepting it. The Syd- ney contingent is ready to sail forthwith, and the other Governments will appreci- ate the difference, having regard to imme- diate nae. If operations should be pro- longed into antum, the Government will be very glad to consider the offer.-R. MURRAY SMITH." Sir Henry Wrenfordsley, who left for Tasmanian lately to take the position of acting Chief Justice of that colony, was, prior to his departure, entertained at lun- cheon at Scott's Hotel. Several promin- ent colonists were present, including Mr. Service and other members of the Ministry. Sir A. Stopheu was also one of the guests. The chair was occupied by Sir William Clarke. In responding to the toast of his health, Sir Henry Wren- fordsley said that he did not approve of the idea of a Federal Council sitting in London. That remark, which was re- peated by a subsequent speaker, was well received. Mr. Service spoke in response to the toast of '* The MiuUtry." He said that there had never been a- time when Englishmen, no matter where they ii ved, ought to stand so determinedly shoulder to shoulder as now. Since he began to study politics, England had never been in such peril. The steps recently taken in Australia with renard to the Soudan would strengthen the mother country in the eyes of the world. Echoing the lan- guage used in England, he said that the old country would never want assistance while Australia had a man, a ship, or a shilling. These remarks were enthusias- tically applauded. Sir A. Stephen's health was likewise drunk. He stated, admidst much cheering, that the colonies were pre- pared to sink or swim with the mother country. While Sir Alfred was speaking, three ringing cheers were given for " Old England*' at the call of Mr. Service. Few public men are so beloved of the common people as Mr. Gladstone is. At the Hawarden Flower Show of 1884 the Premier was seen arming about the castle grounds, where the Show is annually held, a fat old carrier woman, whom he hu- morously introduced to the visitors as " Lady Margaret." This notable person- age, Margaret Hughes, the carrier womau, was at one of the feasts given in honour of Mr. W. H. Gladstone's marriage, aud, as is usual at such gatherings, toasts were introduced. It fell to Margaret's lot to propose the Premier's health. Springing to her feet, she, in very homely, yet ap Kropriate terms, made her proposition, [r. Gladstone, responding, thanked them all for their good wishes, more especially " Lady Margaret," as he called her, the mention of which caused roars of laugh- ter. The title has ching to her from that day to this, and letters are often address- ed to her bearing that title. On one oc- casion she said to the Premier, " Oh, sir, why don't you come and live with us al- ways, where everyliody thinks so much of you, instead of going up to London and bothering yonrself with those fellows who will never let you alone ? Why not settle down here in your beautiful house and enjoy yonrself?" "Well," said Mr. Gladstone, " let me put you a question. Why should you not sell your horse and cart, and give up troubling yourself about this going to and from Chester ?" " Eli, but," she answered, '* that is my work, and I think if 1 gave it up I should die." .'And the othor," said Mr. Gladstone, ''is my work, and I mnst do it the best way I can." A headless ghost has made its appear- ance near Ephrata, in Pennsylvania, where it excites considerable curiosity and alarm. There is no doubt whatever as to its being a veritable ghost.* It was first seen by the Rev. Daniel Witaer when re- turning home one evening from the school- house in Manor township, where he had beeu preaching. Mr. Wituer had gone but a short distance when he saw coming towards him what he sitppssed to be a niau carrying a lantern. On the nearer approach of the object he was, t o use his own expression. " almost paralyzed with horror " to fiud tliat it was a moving body without a head. His terror was still fur- ther increased on seeing the head carried in one of the hands. " The fearful ob- ject," he says, '" took its place by my side, and accompanied me to my very door. How I mauaged to retain consciousness aud reach home I don't know. It was the most fearful experience I ever had and I hope I may never have the like again." The reverend gentleman's state- ment is fully coiroboratcd hy two ladies and a Mr. Kaufman, who from a distance of about a hundred yards saw the ghost meit Mr. Wituer and walkaway with him, but were too appalled by the spec- tacle to interfere. The ghost has since been seen several thins, and the nerves of the inhabitants of the district are describ- ed as being in " a frightful state of ten- sion." It is somewhat refreshing in those days of vulgar " spiritual manifestations " to hear of a good old-fashioned ghobt withont a head, of whosje blood-curdling qualifications there is no mistake. Tuese headless ghosts were once common enough in Englaud (says St. James's Gazette), but have of late years become abnost ex- tinct. Perhaps they haye all gone to America. - - -' " 