A FAITHFUL MINISTRY. JANUAUY 11.—AFTEHNOON. Reading, Acts xx. 17-27. Golden Text—" I have kept back nothing that was profitable unto you."—Ver. 20. HOME READINGS FOR THE WEEK ENDING JAN. 11, M. 5...ActB XX. 17-27...Paul's Faithfulness. Tu. 6...1 Tim. i. 12-19... Joy in the Ministry. W. 7...Matt. xxv. 14-23...Talents well used. Th. 8...1 Sam. xii. 1-5...Samuel's Integrity. F. 9...Acts vii. 54-60...Faithful unto Death. S. 10...Heb. iii. 1-6...Our Lord's Faithfulness. Su.11.,.2 Kings xii. 9-15,..Faithful Workmen. INTRODUCTION.—In our laBt lesson we left Paul in a coasting vesBel sailing from place to place in the iEgean Sea. We can imagine his thoughts as the Bhip passed by Ephesus, the scene of his devoted labours for three long years. Why not stop there (ver. 16) ? Finding that the ship would stop for a few days at Miletus, Paul takes the opportunity to send to Ephesus for the elders of the church, pastors or overseers, to meet him at Miletus, distant from Ephesus by land about thirty-five miles. They gladly obeyed the summons, and a most affectionate meeting took place on the sea-shore. Paul's address to the elders iB most affectionate and eloquent, and no one could read it without being touched by itB beauty and tenderness. The design of it is to incite the elders as Christ's ministers to greater diligence and faithfulncsB.by reminding them of his own example while among them. A EEVIEW OF PAST LABOURS. Like Samuel (1 Sam. xii. 1-5), he appealed to their intimate knowledge of him. " YE KNOW "—ye are witnesses to all I say— 1\. As to his personal character. " After what manner I have been with you," etc. Paul was very sensitive as to the purity and uprightness of his life (see Acts xxiii. 1 and xxiv. 16; 2 Cor. i. 12 ; 1 Thess. ii. 10). He refers especially to his deep humility (ver. 19); his tenderness (ver. 19); "many tears;" his unselfishness (ver. 33) ; his toil (ver. 34) ; and his endurance of suffering (ver. 19), " temptations"—trials. 2\. .4s to his ministerial labours. Preaching in public (ver. 20). Teaching in private (ver. 20), " from house to houBe." To all classes (ver. 21). "Jews and Greeks "—all men. At any time (ver. 31), "night and day." 3\. As to the doctrines he taught. " Repentance toward God" (ver. 21). " Faith toward our Lord Jesus Christ " (ver. 21). " The kingdom of God" (ver, 25), the glorious reign of Christ upon the earth. " The whole counsel of God " (ver. 27). " Kept back nothing that was profitable" (ver. 20). Having challenged the elders to bear witness as to his life, his labours and his doctrines, he next tells them of— ANTICIPATIONS IN TIIE FUTURE. Paul had a dark and glooomy prospect before hinr Two things made it especially so. a. Uncertainty (ver- 22), " not knowing," etc. b. CERTAINTY (ver 23), " bondB and afflictions " awaited him, although uncertain as to the kind. How did he know this ? " The Holy Ghost witnesseth in every city," saying, etc. How ? Two instances given (xxi. 4-11). How did Paul face this dark prospect ? 1. He was bound in the spirit to go to Jerusalem. He had an important duty to perform, viz., to carry thither the contributions for the poor saints which the various churches would not entrust to any other person. He therefore " felt bound " faithfully to fulfil the trust repoBed in him. • 2. He was " unmoved" at the proBpect (ver. 24) like David (Psalm xvi. 8. On another occasion when in great peril, he said (see 2 Tim. iv. 17.) 3. He was ready to die (ver. 24). He looked upon death " to finish " two things, a. Sis " course." Life, a race, was a favourite metaphor with Paul (Heb. xii. 1.; Phil. ii. 16). He wished to finish the race " with joy " (which runner has joy P) b. His ministry which he had received of the Lord (Acts xxvi. 16-18). Paul was fond of comparing himBelf with a steward to whom had been entrusted " the GoBpelof the grace of God;" hence towards the close of his life he could say, "I have finished my course ; I have kept the faith" (2 Tim. iv. 7). Paul trod in the BtepB of his Divine Master, who when going up to Jerusalem for the last time, well knowing all that should befall Him, yet " stedfaatly set His face to go" (Luke ix. 51), "for the joy set before Him endured the cross, despising the shame " (Heb. xii. 2). So was it with Christ's servant, His faithf ul minister, Paul* NOTE—In the course of the lesBon, if the teacher haB time, let him ask for instances in the life of Paul to illustrate his personal character, his labours, and his teaching ; and further show and urge that Paul's doc trineB " repentance and faith" are still the fundamental truths of the Gospel necessary to Balvation. ILLUSTRATIVE GLEANINGS. A FAITHFUL CONFESSOR.—An ancient father (Basil) was assailed by the threatenings, and allured by the promises of a Roman emperor, to abandon the truth of the Gospel. Dignities and riches were offered,—" Alas!" said the faithful confesBor, " these speeches are fit to catch little children who look after such things; we are otherwise taught by the Scriptures, and are ready to suffer a thousand deaths rather than forsake Christ." " Know ye not who we are that command it ?" Baid the praetor. " We submit to no one when they command such tilings as these." " Know ye not that we have honours to bestow ?" continued the praetor. "They," said the confessor, " are changeable like yourselves." The praetor threatened confiscation, torment, banishment, death. " As for confiscation, I have nothing to lose—as for banishment, heaven only is my country— as for torment, this body will soon give way—and aB for death, that will only set me at liberty." " Thou art mad !" said the praetor. " I wish I may ever be so mad," Baid the servant of God. His undaunted attachment to the cause of Christ affected the minds of those who had brought him before their tribunal ; and the emperor, instead of persisting in his intimidations, proffered a present, which the venerable Christian refused. *" He might have filled hundreds of murtyrologirs with his sufferings; . . . . all which he generously underwent with a soul as calm aud serene as the morning sun. No spite or rage, no fury or storms, could ruffle and discompose his spirit; nay, those sufferings, which would have broken the buck of an ordinary patience, did hut make him rise up with the greater eagerness and resolution for the doing of his duty."— C.WE'i Life of St. Paul. 