NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. We learn by wire from Brisbane that the north-west monsoons have set in near Torres Straits. Baion von Mueller, the well-known Melbourne scientist, styles Mr. W. Macleay the " Australian Meecenas." An English football team proposes to leave for a tour in Australia and New Zealand, in the month of February next. It is rutnored that the steamship-owners of Australia intend laying up all their vessels on account of tho labor difficulty. Mr. C. S. "Wilkinson, the Government Geologist, has furnished an elaborate report on the Hanging Bock and Nundle gold fie Ids. Information compiled at Wilcannia and sent to the Railway Department iudicates th*t the trade of the district cannot be diverted to Sydney via Bourke. It is now stated that it is not likely the Prince of Wales will visit Australia during Lord Carrington's tenure of office as Governor of New South Wales. Letters of registration, with plans and specifications, for a new submarine telescope invented by Captain Armstrong, have been filed in the Supreme Court. In the Queensland Assembly, the Minister for Works promised to revise the railway rates for the carriage of wool, in order to compete with New South Wales. A cablegram received announces the death iu Northumberland (Eugland) ot Mr. Christopher Newton, head of the Syduey firm of that name, in his 68th year. Mr. J. E. Salomons, Q.C., will, we understand, leave Sydnev at the end of the present term on a visit to Europe. He will probably be absent for about five months. The Government have decided to joiu in a new mail service between Sydney and San Francisco via Auckland and Honolulu, and will contribute £7000 per annum. In the new House (saye the Melbourne Daily Telegraph) is a reflex of the elections, it will be the most characterless and distracted Parliament the colonies have yet seen. During the last week the large and handsome clock granted by the Government was fixed in position in the Forbes post-office tower. The clock has four dials and a sonorous bell. A sculling match for £400 and the championship of the world, between Beach and Neil Matterson, was arranged last Saturday. It will take place on Saturday, December 19. _ It is reported that an extensive deposit of silver ore, richer than any yet found in the district, has been discovered at a depth of 80ft. in the North Maybell claim, near Silverton. In connection with the recent Gundagai election, the supporters ot Mr. Gerard Phillips report having discovered 111 cases of double voting and impersonation in that electorate. New Guinea is still advancing in civilisation. A Government-house is being erected at Port Moresby, and the natives are preparing ground for cultivating vegetables for the Europeans. The value of the silver lead ore entered for export at the Silverton Custom-house during October was £28,600, of which £25,000 was the produce of the Day Dream Company's mine. Cardinal Moran brings with him 40 persons, chiefly priests and nuns. His advice to Irishmen who thought of coming to Australia amounted to this: Stay where you are if you are doing well. The body ot a respectably-dressed man named Patrick Kelly, a retired police sergeant, was found in Farm Cove waters a few days since. There is something rather mysterious about his death. The St. Leonards banquet to the Hon. G. R. Dibbs was a success. Besides the guest, the speakers were Sir Alerander Stuart, Sir Patrick Jennings, and Messrs. Dalley, Abbott, Trickett, B&dgery;, and See. The Government entertained at first a strong antipathy to the transhipment at Honolulu iu connection with the proposed new mail service ; but consented to it on account of the reduced coBt thus brought about. Mr. G. R. Dibbs was interviewed at Junee last week. He stated that if the residents wished to interview the Government relative to railway charges, free passes would be granted to enable them to do so. Perhaps the greatest surprise of the elections is the return at Monaro of Mr. Harold Stephen, a son of Mr. Milner Stephen, of healing notoriety. The constituency that elected Mr. Harold Stephen rejected Mr. O'Mara. In 1833 there were 6188 aborigines of full blood and 2426 half-castes in the colony, while in December ot last year (1884) there were only 5689 full blood and 2402 half-castes, showing a total decrease for the 12 months of 325. The B.M.S. Shannon, which left Syduey a few days since for London via ports, took away 10 boxes of gold and silver bullion. She took to Melbourne an unusually large number of pasaeugere, including the Mayor of Sydney, Mr. Henry Stockdale, who is expected to return to Sydney shortly, reports that he is unable to add anything to the information published in Melbourne regarding the missing man reported to have gone prospecting to the Ord River. " The Old Muddle in a New Colony" is the heading put bv the PaU Mail Gazette to a contribution describing the difficulties which Sir Peter Scratchley has had in connection with New Guinea, and especially the contributions of the colonies. Dr. Byrne, R.C. Bishop of Bathurst, arrived in Forbes on Friday. A large and imposing procession of Roman Catholics of the district, with the schools, gave him a hearty welcome. The rite of confirmation was celebrated on Sunday. The Mount Kembla colliery (says the local organ) is getting into full swing again. The company retained its contracts by supplying bought coal. The Orient company was supplied with Eembla coal for the outgoing steamer. All the candidates for the Murrumbidgee affirmed at the nomination' that the Land Act needed amendment. Mr. Dibbs said that if the working of the Land Act showed amendments to be necessary, the Government would make them. At a competitive field trial of string-binders held at Oakhill Farm, Wagga Wagga, five machines competed, and the Walter. A. Wood string-binder harvester, exhibited by F. Lassetter and Co., was awarded the first place for the best work. We (Narandera Argus) are informed by Mr. John Malchett that he has lodged a caveat against Charles Bailey, at the land office, Wagga, charging him with being a dummy on his (Matchett's) pre-lease, county of Cooper, parish TabittA. Mr. M. J. Pyke, of Devonshire-place House, Regent's Park, London, has been appointed an additional member of the Commission to act on behalf of this colouy iu respect of the Indiau and Colonial Exhibition, to be held' in London next year. During the past few days the Rev. J. Studds, organising secretary of the Goulburn Chutch Society, has visited Tumbarumba, Carebost, Hutnula, Oberne, Mundarlo, Coolac, Jugiong, and Guodagai on behalf of the society, with very satisfactory results. The latest news from the Croydon goldfield discovery says that there is nothing to warrant a rush. The nearest water is five miles distant, and that has almost run out. Nineteen men the ground on the 28th ult. The A South Sua Islander named Johnny Bucket, with his wife, a woman of color, left Botany Wharf in a boat for La Perouse last week, and has not since been heard of. It is believed that they have been drowned. The boat has been found floating bottom up. Mr. Abbott has explained that he has an affection bordering on reverence for land agents, that he never intended to write or say anything to hurt their feelings, but that he thinks the Lands Department and the public can get on very well without them. The State Children's Relief Board intend to make those parents who are able to support their children take charge of them, if the Colonial Secretary's direction to the Randwick Asylum authorities with regard to boarding- out children is to be insisted upon. ••• There are no less than 242 students from the colonies, chiefly Australian and South African, studying at Edinburgh University, almost wholly attached to the medical school. The Pall Mall Gazette says that their most remarkable characteristic is their splendid physique. All arrangements having been completed at the Hunter River waterworks, near Maitland,. for supplying the inhabitants of Newcastle with fresh water, pumping water into the different reservoirs was commenced last week, when everything was found to work satisfactorily. Thus an Armidale correspondent :•—" Reports from the diggings at Tilbuetor 'onThurs-' day night are rather more, favorable. Loferg and party bottomed on the flat, and got some nice gold, including a small nugget between 2iwt. and 3dwt. The gold is impregnated with quartz." Two more candidates have lost their £40 deposits—one of them Mr. Dibbs, the other Mr. Statham, who will probably feel honored, at having the Premier as a companion in misfortune The latter, however, was nominated for Lismore, where he stood so low on the poll, against his wish. We learn from the Canadian draftsman that the Grand Lodge ot New York has duly recognised the Masonic Grand Lodge of New' South Wales, and that Bro. E. W. Beckner, the talented editor of the Comer Stone, New York, has been appointed representative for tbe latter Grand Lodge. A young lady recently inserted an advertisement in the matrimonial notices of the Herald praying for correspondence with a view to matrimony. She received thirty answers from gentlemen, all of whom offered her marriage, although, of course, not one of them knew anything about the lady in question. , A blue shark, measuring 30ft. 3in. in length, with a girth of nearly 14ft; was recently caught off the coast of New Zealand. Specimens of a much larger siz*—even up to 40ft. —have been noticed in tbe tropics, and the British Museum possesses a pair of jaws taken from one that measured 36ft. 6in. Captain Sawyer and his son, a lad of eight years, and the captain of the cutter Queen Jeft Thursday Island for Somerset in a dingy on the 13th ult They have not been heard of since, and as it was blowing heavily at the time, it is supposed they are all drowned through the foundering of the boat. Referring to the inclueion of 10 clerks in the firm of Wright, Heaton, and Co., Mr. John Kidd said at the Camdeu nomination that he had Been a letter from a clerk who had one of these shares allotted to him^ and in which he said that the large shareholders got all the dividends, and he had received nothing. /£he Oentral Australian eays:—"A movement is on foot to start a meat-tinning company in Bourke, with an ultimate view, if such a course should be found to pay, of slaughtering stock and freezing meat for the Die and foreign markets. It is believed that ftf lwls especially well situated for the meatindustry." Lord Carrington (eaid a London correspondent on September 18) intends to take out to Sydney six good carriage and riding horses. When it was suggested to him that it was scarcely necessary to adopt this course, he replied that he did not doubt that he could purchase equally good horseB in the colony, but it would take some little time to get them together. An alarminglandslipoccurredlast weekatthe corner of Queen and Edward-streets, Brisbane, on the site of the new Courier office. An excavation about 20ft* deep had been made for the basement of the new building, and the earth being loosened by tbe rain gave way on one side. About 100 cubic yards fell into the excavation. Fortunately the workmen were at dinner at tbe time, and no one was injured. Several members of the Victorian Royal Commission on Lunacy are now visiting Sydney, with the object of seeing how matters iu connexion with the treatment of lunatics are carried out in this colony. Dr. Manning, tbe inspector-general of the insane, has been instructed by tbe Government to allow the visitors to inspect the lunatic asylums, and afford them such information as they may require. A terrible accident occurred on Friday night on board the steamer Maude, while on the passage from Tapio to Wentwortb. The engineer, Philcox, was oiling the machinery, when his clothes were caught in the cog wheels. One arm was taken completely off, and the other above the wrist. Captain Theisy lost no time taking the sufferer to the Wentworth Hosal, where he lies in a very precarious condition. The Central Australian states that an itinerant company which recently left Bourke— annoyed, it is said, at being charged ordinary rAtes for their board and lodging, and who expected, it appears, some abatement in consequence of hiring Mr. Deignan'e new ball for their perlormance — before their departure pasted their sheets together, piled the blankets on the floor, and poured ovet the latter the contents of their water jugs. A seriouB accident happened on Saturday evening to a child named Nowlan, whose parents are engaged on the railway line near Wellington. It appears that the child was engagea signalling a train through the Pine Dam gates, when the cylinder of tbe engine struck it od the head and knocked it down, rendering it insensible. Dr. Rygate was telegraphed to be in readiness, and tbe child was sent into Wellington by the same train. The case is considered hopeless. I At the nominations for Camden Mr. Badgery complained that an attempt was being made to transfer the conduct of public business to the hands of a number of members whom he had the right to call politicians, and nothing else, who made politics their living, and to whom the air of the Assembly was as the Ijreath of life. Would it not be better, he said, in the hands of straightforward men who were honest enough and good enough to fall back upon ? Mr. James Gibb informs us (Cootamvndera Herald) that, while away with sheep lip the mountains a few days ago, he had a very disturbing dream, in which he saw his daughter (Mrs. M. J. Mullalv) as a Queensland ghost, net children appealing, to him for succour, and her husband helplessly prostrated. He made a note ot the dream next morning, and informed those who were with him of the circumstances. A day or two afterwaids he was informed of Mr. Mullaly's death. The Young Argue is informed that there is a probability ot the validity of the return of Mr. W. J. Watson for this electorate being referred to the Elections and Qualifications Committee of the House, on the ground that the presiding officer at Bendick Morell, besides initialling the ballot papers, as he was required by law to do before handing them to the voters, also placed upon the papers the electors' numbers from the roll, thus doing away with the secrecy of the ballot. The Tmtetfisld Secord relates that aa Mrs. F. W. Stewart, of Bolivia, was sitting outside jJ 101188 one week 8lle n a ^ k®' hawk suddenly swoop down and pick up a young chick about three weeks old, and fly with it to the top of a large tree that was near. Mr. Hawk was, however, hardly Bettled and making prepsrations lor his lunch, when a magpie flew savagely at it, causing the hawk to drop the chick, which landed safely on the ground apparently none the worsa for his aerial trip. _ Tbe Auckland correspondent of tbe New ftaland Times states that on the 21st October, just as the Arawa was on the point of sailing a curiosity dealer named James Gleuny, who was selling curios to the firemen in the bet 7!? n „ deeks > waB sudden seized by a number ot the firemen in a dark corridor, and held till robbed of his watch, gteenstone, and goldbeanng quartz of the value of £30. In the darkness he could not identify the assailants. As the officers could not trace the property, the vessel sailed. In the Queensland Assembly, Sir Thomas M.ilwraith characterised the cable communication between Great Britain, India, and the colonies as the most gigantic and abominable monopoly u. the world. A cable could be laid which would yield a profit at half a crown a word. * It was absurd that Australia should be uamperea oy monopolies granted to different telegraph companies. The E. and A Com pany had a monopoly in every sea atone the route, and the colonies should combioV oppose it. This monopoly wni.lH h» „ r'" .. ject for the FederTS^Uo 0 tf^t' J ^ J r V - ° f thc electei """Mates for the Wollombi, expects to eSect a tithe of tbe reforms he suggests, then is he one of th« most sanguine men that ever appeared on . hustings. Amongst many, the followino „„, haps appears as the most startling :—HeoWert. to an elector having a vote in more than ce electorate, and points out that under the nre sent system one man can give twenty votes at a general election if he has property in „ many electoral districts. He asks it this is " right," and the Wollombites about tha hunt ings said " No." Much attention was given to local option and payment of members during the election campaign. A large number oi both successful and rejected candidates pledged themselves to support local option, will, ilie reasonable proviso that compensation sbouM W maje t0 those publicans who were comp 11c t to close their houses r M thereby lose their livelihood Many candidates also expressed themselves as in favour of payment of members, and a bill to provide for the remuneration of Parliamentary repiesentativeB will most likely bo introduced during the next three years. On Sunday night last a young man (says the Adelong Times), for want of better employment arrayed himself in a sheet and waylaid some young women and children returning from church. After he had succeeded in attracting their attention and putting them to flight at a lonely Bpot on the outskirts of the town, he pursued them, little heeding what posribly might be the result of his reprehensible conduct. Such on act cannot be too severely censured, and should he again go in for such dangerous sport It is to be hoped he will fall into the hands of the police. According to the Tenterfidd Star the remains of a child were found in a well at S'mthorpe last week, tied up iu a sugar-bag, and evidently a case of infanticide. It appears from the information to hand that some lads were drawing water by means of a' rope and bucket, when the rope broke, and in fishing for the .bucket with the hook, the bag containing the body of a male child was brought to the surface. The infant is believed to have been some three or four days old, and fully developed when cruelly committed to its watery grave, hut how long it had remained there cannot be eeid. The Braidwooi Dispatch relates the following :—" The other day Mr. Broadhead hung up his waistcoat upon the fence. He returned, and was astonished upon arriving at the epot when he saw a bit of his waistcoat and the end of hie watch chain sticking out of tbe mouth of a bullock. He got hold ofthechain, and, having given the bullock a good chastising with a stick, the animal dropped the indigestible dainty. The watch was then recovered by its owner intact, with the exception of the marks of the bullocVe teeth upon the case, and has since been keeping time as if nothing had happened to it." The WaUjetl News of Saturday last says :— " We beg to draw the attention .of the local police force to the antics of eome drunken mailmen who we understand have been going about the -town throwing out threats to the effect that they would not deliver our papers to subscribers in the country, nor in fact receive them from the post office in future. Now of course every latitude should be shown at an election time, such as this, but maildrivers and letter-carriers are simply civil servants, or in the pay of Government contractors, and should properly conduct themselves even in their cups, or else be summarily dismissed from the public service." The Riverine Herald of 24th ult. says :— " We have learned that on Monday last 28 trucks of eheep were trucked at Ballarat for New South Wales, and that the sheep arrived at the local station on Wednesday, and had to remain there until Thursday morning, owing to the New South Wales sheep inspector not having inspected the sheep. The poor animals were altogether three days confined in the trucks without food or water before they were released. It is probable the owners of the sheep will lay the matter before the Department in Sydney, who should compel their inspector to reside near the border, so that he may be readily found when his services are required." Facts have leaked out from the men of the Harrier that the whole proceedings of the men-of-war in New Guinea are a farce. The natives receive two days', notice to clear, and shells are then fired into the bush. Any rotten old canoes left on the beach are chopped up. The prieoner on H.M.SI ; Diamond is said not to be one of Miller's murderers. The murderer escaped at Dinner Island, eluding the Diamond's sentries. Sir Peter Scratchley, who sleeps on deck, heard some one panting in the water, the Governor Blackall boat was lowered, and the presumed murderer was .cap-, tured after an exciting chase, and the full M® ot the boat stretchers. The officers now make a pet of him. " There is a rumour from Taviuni," the Fiji Times states, " that three young Fijian girls, the daughters of men of rank, who have been resident of Somosomo, started bnt recently to swim from Wai Ca, a Taviuni coast town, to Vauua Iibvu. The distance to the newest point .of land is between eight and ten miles.. They were swimming nearly all day, swept about bv the current, when two turned bade and reached Taviuni again. The third, Adi „ i, eunpoEed to be drowned. As girls So t»rt to swim across Somosomo Strait 0 1 •fhnat a very strong impelling cause, it ia t« certain that there is some rascality at the ot wtich m0Ie m {Je tack "'""i a y of some interest to selectors and runi jders was heard at the police conrt, Coona- £.™ton last week. A selector sued the owner ( tie run upon which hie selection is situated, f r trespass. It appeared that the squatter's sheep had strayed on to the selection, and he Md that (as it was not® wilful trespass) under the new Land Act, the selector whose conditional purchase was taken up under the old Act and not yet completed, had no right of • fction as his land was not fenced. The magistrjte'fl decision was in favor of the plaintiff. The interest in the case lies iu the fact that an exactly opposite decision was given by the Beach at Grenfell in a similar case. The following members of the new Parliament amongst those who have touched upon the Bnlject, have declared themselves in favor of oavment of members :—Sir John EobertBon, the Hon. W. J. Lyne, and Mtssrs. J. Fletcher, jj Melville, Cbas. Collins, J. M. Purves (by lei-s only), F- Heydou, Francis Tuit, H. Lysaght, A. Kethi'l, F. Abigail, A. Forsyth, J. Garrard, J. S. Hawthorne, M. Burke, A. Siokes, T. F. De Couicy Browne, A. G. Taylor, £ Vf. O'Sullivan, W. S. Targett, Wm. Clarke. K. Barbour, Joseph Crcer, J. Hayes, S. W. Moore, Vaughn, T. Ewing, J. H. Young, S. Smith, John Shepherd, George Day, Henry Dawson, H. W. Stephen, Travers Jones, A. T. Bolton. The Maories have prophesied that the next ie to be a very hot summer. It seems (saj> the Melbourne correspondent ol' the Horsham Times) they have an iutallilde weather g-tugt in the Phonnium imax, or New Zealand flax. The plant, whenever an unusually dry season is approaching, has a peculiar Btyle of flowering, or at least so the natives allege. This may be one of those popular local beliefs similar to those among the old-country folks, and some of which Mr. Hnvter, I see, has taken the trouble to try to laugh out of existence, such as birds fly high or low indicating dry or wet weather; but for all that there are many Europeans, as well as Maories, who place implicit faith in the flax weather presage. Under the Crown Lands Act of 1861, population areas were set .apart for tlie use of the inhabitants in the different townships throughout the colony, and these population areas have In ni time to.time been of very considerable advantage to the public. But owing to errors which crept into the census of 1881, by reason of the population of districts being returned as the population of townships, population areas were attached to places where in many instances there were very lewinhabitants. In the Act of 1884, however, power is given to remedy this wholesale setting apart of land for people who do not exist, which has resulted in the land falling into the hands of adjacenl pastoral tenants.; and ^ .steps . are now being tuken to revoke these areas where they are lound to be unnecessary, and throw them open The objectionable and decidedly vulgar practice occasionally indulged in of "tinkettling" newly-married couples, is (says the Tumut Times) deservedly receiving in many parts of the country severe checks from local Benches in instances where the fun has led to subsequent legal proceedings. But a check of another character has been introduced here. At the marriage of Mr. T. Campbell to Miss H. Hoad, of Bombowlee, this week, after dark a number of young fellows surrounded the house with instruments of noise, deeming that the married pair were there, though in this they were mistaken. No sooner had the uproar well commenced than the sisters of the bride stole out of the house, bearing a basket of stale egg, savtd for the occasion. We need only add that the disagreeable shower which fell fast and furious upon the serenaders caused them quickly to disperse. The residents of Pialba (says the JVide Bay A am of the 22nd ult.) are eeripUBly conBiderthe advisablenesa of purchasing revolvers ami rifles, or forming, a defence corps, as matters are getting eeribus'there^owingTo lbe terrible scrimmages weekly taking place between the kanakas andaboriginals. The other weet a battle took place between a dozen oi wo rolynesianB, most of them under the inand about the same number OI Diackfellows, the cause' of the quarrel being iii-iVif ? ms - T tis affair lasted from 10 at '"fiht until 4 o'clock next morning, the , , pona u »ed being palings torn from thcun A° r m y hand y weapons they could picli , A number of these were picked up in the ™ ,J ™! U B in front of Mr. Scott's house, covered " ood and hair. Among the debris were coatB, in one of which was found Hi 61. in silver, and a meerschaum pipe, Mittai IMrtv i 'gong V- was — invaded *—' on ii Sunday uuumj by i,j o . ' "„ J 01 Police m; search of William Clifford, ,„° ™ 'he previous Satuiday had escaped ™ lock-up. Clifford had been j„ ; , ,'. n Mittagong on the alleged charge of rem'., ? hu and wa9 in Mos S' 8 Vale lock-up on to • om the Particulars we are enabled li. i - ,V l a PP ei »s Clifford bad been given th! ^ f u S t -the .lockup-keeper's wife in li,:,: 11 ™". !> nd living him by himself for a he too ou-tl* k 'he opportunity to walk He Mini ^utid his road down io the3°° 8 sam , e day. hut being pressed by Siin^nL . he made Rood hU escape. During and il "Ported he wis on the Gib, P were 111 search a11 d without -f s >'> but thev h av and ? ' as far aa we have heard, ' been unsuccessful in tracing him. Clifford is a young man about 21 years of age, and until the past few months has been residing with his mother in Mittagong. The Goulburn Herald reports that last week Mrs. L W. A. Macarthur, wife of Mr. Macartbur, clerk of petty sessions, Goulburn, and daughter of Mr. J. D. Brown, superintendent ot police, Demliquin, presented at Bishopthorpe to the Lord Bishop of Goulburn, on behalf of some of the residents of the new diocese of Riverina, a silver salver, accompanied by the following letter My dear Lord Bishop,—I have requested mv daughter to present yoll with a silver salver from lone of your friends in Eiverina, as a slight reco°nition and appreciation of your pastoral work, ana in loving remembrance of your affectionate zeal in the spiritual welfare of this vast diocese, over which you have presided forBO many years. I trust this trifling present may be uselul both to you and Mrs. Thomas j and with God's blessing may you both be spared to enjoy a comparative rest after the long and arduous journeys in Kiverine.—I remain, my dear Loid Bishop, yours faithfully, J. DOW- LING BBOWU." The TamwoHh Examiner states that a man named Edward Fleming, who was brought up from Berrimn, where he is lying under sentence for larceny, was charged, under remand, with horse stealing, and was furtherTemanded. On leaving the court, Constables Manley and Geelan took him to the lock-up and handed him overto Sergeant Goldrick. He was placed in a cell, the sergeant being on the spot. It appears that Sergeant Goldiick was called away for some purpose, and in the meantime two other prisoner were brotrght up "and placed in the same cell, no notice been taken whether Fleming was there or not. When the prisoners were about to be sent to. the gaol an hour so later, it was discovered that Fleming misBing, and that he had left his coat behind. A 6earcb was immediately instituted ; but ai 8 o'clock in theevening nothing had been seen of him, and the only tittle of evidence in the matter is that Mrs. Madden saw a man in shirt sleeves running towardB the new hospital She, however, thought nothing of it, imagining that he was seeking shelter from the then imminent thunderstorm which broke over the towu half-an-hour subsequently. It is, however, believed that Fleming went up Lonp Gully, and that he ia at'present in the irioinT tains. 