VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, May 1. Further representations will be made to the Imperial authorities with regard to the Federal Enabling Bill. Mr. Service received a telegram asking what course the Government gram ■■■ink wm»» wv~.~ -— -j" 7 -{- intend to pursue with regard to the amendment on the withdrawal clause to enable any colony retiring from the Federal Council to abrogate any laws passed during federation. Mr. Service has advised the Agent-General as to his further action when the bill has passed the House of Lords. Mr. Service would have accepted the bill, although objectionable, if it had induced New South Wales and New Zealand to join in the federation, but he considers that the amend ment makes the bill utterly worthless, and he will communicate with the other colonies regarding a joint protest against the bill. Melbourne, May 2. A larare fire occurred yesterday in Messrs. E. L. Yencken and Co.'a oil and colour stores, Flinders-street East. It appears that one of the employed, while working in the cellar, after lighting the gas threw a piece of burning paper into a heap of sawdust that was put down to absorb the leakage from one of the oil drums. In an instant the mass took fire, and the flames spread rapidly to the open oil kegs, and, fanned by the draught, rushed up the lift aperture to the top story of the building, where a large quantity of paperhangings was stored. Owing to the inflammable nature of the contents of the building, and the suffocating smoke, the fire men were prevented from getting a mastery over the flames for some time. The building, which was a new one, belonging to Mr. Fink, .M.L.A., was insured. Messrs. Yencken's stock, which is valued at £25,000, was insured for £16,000. The damage done by the tire is estimated at fully £6000. Melbourne, May 4. There has been considerable excitement for some time past in the neighbourhood of Chiltern, caused by a tiger which escaped from a menagerie at Mansfield, and has since been killing sheep, goats, 4c, in the Wangaratta district. On Saturday night the animal was seen by the railway gatekeeper, and a number of .the Rifle Company with the police turned out and shot him. MxLBOUBirc, May 5. The Melbourne Hunt Club meeting is to be held on the 26th May at Fleming ton. The following entries have been re ceived for the Birthday Handicap, 1 mile: -Doncaster, Bristol, Uncas, Hazard, Ring master, Stafford, Middleinarch, Sardius, Gardina, Coningsby, Duration, Kingship, Olivette, Grace Durling, Vergy, Mentmore, Too Too, Pailleroo, Gipsy's Warning, East Lynne, Alphabet, Elvil, Sandal, Dirk Hatte raick. King of the Gipsies, Carbuncle, Arsenal, Acolyte, Lucky Hit, Stornaway, Achilles, Footman, Berkley, Distiller, Meteor, Conjec ture, Topaz, Dunlop, Impulse, Hobart, Plausible, St. Lawrence, The Ghost, Ebony, Carmine, Bohemian, and The Teacher. The Commission of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria com menced its sittings to-day. Amongst the com munications received was one from the Secre tary of State for the Colonies, assuring the Presbyterian Church that her Majesty's Go vernment would not sanction a French occu pation of the New Hebrides. Melbourne, May 6. The Executive Council yesterday considered the case of William Barnes, who was convicted of the murder of Mr. J. B. Slack, of South Mel- bourne. It was resolved that the law should take its course, and Barnes will be executed on the 15th instant. In his confession, Barnes states that he secreted himself under the bed with the inten- tion of robbing the house, when Slack dis- covered him. They grappled together, and in the struggle Slack's neck was broken. After- wards Barnes cut Slack's throat, so as to indicate that he had committed suicide. Barnes asked for clemency on the ground that the crime was unpremeditated, and that it would not have been discovered at all if he had not confessed to it. The Premier has received communications from the South Australian, Queensland, and Tasmanian Governments, stating that they are opposed to the 31st clause introduced in the Federation Enabling Bill, which pro vides that any colony withdrawing from the Federal Council may abrogate the laws passed during federation. Steps are to be taken to bring these views at once beforo the Colonial Office. Of the £4,000.000 loan which is to be floated immediately, £3,180.000 will go to the redemp tion of debentures falling due on Ist October, and the balance to various public works. Melbourne, May 7. Heavy rain set in late on Wednesday night, and the S.A.J, Club meeting, which was to have been continued at Flemington to-day, was in consequence postponed until Saturday. 