GAMIOLA: A GIRL WITH A FORTUNE. by justin McCarthy, Author|of "Miss Misanthrope," "Maid of Athens," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XVII.—"But there Remains a Scruple." Uamiola baa gone borne. Mrs. .Pollen re turned to her music-room, and, according to her custom when alone there, was playing on her organ. She was delighted at the result of her experiment thus far. She thought she had brought Camiola to a point from winch the girl could not draw back. How the engagement with Georgie Lisle was to be got rid of Mrs. Pollen did not know and did not much care; but she was determined that it must be got rid of one way or another. Her interest was all in Camiola and Komont; she had the poorest opinion of Georgie and was not in the slightest degree concerned about his feelings. With full recognition of Mrs. Pollen's many generous and some noble qualities we cannot profess to be lieve that she was rigidly scrupulous as to means when once she _ had convinced herself that her ends were all right. The music-room was but faintly lighted a3 yet. The twilight had not wholly faded from the skies, which could be seen through the small uncurtained windows. Mrs. Pollen, absorbed in her music, did not hear the door open or see her Albanian come in. She started when she heard his voice in the dim light. The voice spoke in remarkably good English thi3 time, although with much emotion. " Is Bhe gone ?" The voice, we need hardly tell our reader, was the voice of Albert Komont, although the complexion was Btill the complexion of Alba nian Joseph. "Well?" Mrs. Pollen asked exultingly. She had risen from her seat at the organ, and was coming towards him with both hands held out. "Are you satisfied now? Was I right? Do you begin to see your way at last ?" " Look here," Komont said passionately; " I can't have anythif^ more to do with this. It seems a dreadful thing—we two to find out ail about thiB girl's feelings—it's like acting the part of a Bpy. I won't play at this game any more." "Isn't that being a little too scrupulous? Have you not a right to know how the girl feels to you ? Have you not a right to save her from a fate worse a thousand times than death to a girl with such a heart, and brains, and soul ? Death I Why, what is death to any woman with spirit enough to make her worthy to live ?" " Still I can't do it any more; I feel as if I weie doing something which would wound her to the heart if she came to know." " What about the wound to her heart when she is married to that young man and finds she has to livo a long life with him, tied to him, chained to him, and knows she never, .never, can love him ? What about her heart then ? Stuff and nonsense; Bertie Romont, you talk like a child. If I were you I would carry her off by force rather than'let her saorifloehertelf to him. Yes, I would, and more than that, I would hill her; I would indeed *, kill her with my own hand rather than let her give herself up to him,' and I should feel certain that I had done a good and righteous deed. Oh, you men, what spiritless creatures you are !" "But I bo love her," he pleaded, "I so adore her. I hate the thought of hurting her feelings. Every moment I see her or listen to her I only love and admire her all the more. You don't understand, and you couldn't under stand how I feel. There is a sort of terror in my love; I am so afraid of offending her. You see a woman can't feel to a woman as a man does. You can't have any of the sort of god dess notion about any woman, but men can, I can. I feel to her sometimes as if she were a sort of divinity." "All right, said Mrs. Pollen coolly, "I am very glad. 1 don't think any the worse of a young man because he is a little crazy about a girl. The fault I find with you is that you are not half crazy enough. But anyhow, my very sensitive and scrupulous young man, don't your scruples come rather late ? There is nothing more to find out, is there ? You can't pretend to have any doubt on your mind as to the state of her feelings now ?" " Ob, no, I can't have any doubt now. If I had only known, or thought, or guessed before. But what is the use now ?" " There was no watching or spying needful on my part," Mrs. Pollen said. "I knew it all before. I suspected it from the beginning. I knew it just as soon as she did; the very same moment that told it to her told it to me. Later on she told it to mo herself." " Told it to you herself ?" "Yes; I gave her to understand that I had found out her secret, and she didn't deny that I was right—she couldn't. She has been in love with you this long time, but not so long as you have been in love with her." Komont looked at her with quick surprise, " How do you know that ?" he asked. "Howdo I know anything? Because I use my eyes and my senses. You were in love with ner the very first day you saw her. The moment I saw how your eye3 rested on her, even when you did not yet know who she was, I felt sure that you had found your fate, in the matter of love-making at least; so far as that sort of work makes up a man's fate. I tried you _ with one or two quest''ons as we were driving away—as we passed Georgie Lisle on the bridge, and even before we saw him ; and your answers made me quite certain that I was right. I dare say you didn't know it yourself then ; but I did. I didn't find her out until the night we saw her stooping over him and kissing him." " But surely that ought to have made you think she was in love with him. It made me think so; it made me sure of it. I made up my mind to leave England at the first possible moment—after that. " Men are so dull in these affairs. As if a girl kissing a young fellow whom she had known like a brother—a young fellow wounded, who had just fallen in a faint under her very eyes— as if her kissing him was any proof of her being in love with him!" "Well, but anyhow it surely wasn't any proof of her being in love with me. Mrs. Pollen smiled. " Directly, no; indirectly, yes; yes. The moment she saw you your name came out in a cry from her lips. I saw the way she looked at you and to you and then away from you; I saw that for the moment she was only thinking that you must have seen her kiss him, and then I knew; I told her so that very night." "Then, in the name of heaven, .my dear, kind, and mysteriously-gifted Mrs. Pollen, why on earth did you not tell me ?" "My dear, kind, and by no means mys teriously-gifted, but on the contrary remark ably dull and stupid Mr. Komont, why should I have told you anything at all about it ?" " Since you professed to be my friend and her friend," he said gravely; "since you are so anxious now to save her and me from a life of wretched and cruel mistake " " I don't know that I had professed any great friendship to either of you at that time; although I did like you both; but in any case how was I to suppose that a young man who appeared to have plenty of spirit, and had done all sorts of plucky things for people he never spoke to, would venture nothing to find out whether the girl he was in love with was in love with him ? How was I to suppose that you would quietly let the matter drop? How was I to suppose that she would never make the slightest use of her eyes to encourage you? If I were she I would have contrived with one little quiet half-glance that her mother, if she were living, might have seen and failed to understand—I would have contrived to make you understand that you were welcome to say something to me. No, though; I am not so sure about that. I doubt after what has happened, whether I could have made you understand ; but I wouli have tried." " Uh, but she wouldn't; she couldn't do anything like that," he said hastily. " Thank you very much ; such a nice grace ful compliment to me! She couldn't do such a dreadful thing; no, of course, not; but I could." " I didn't mean that." "Well, no matter; I forgive you; I quite admit that there are things I would do and your divinity would not do. But to come back to the point. How was I to suppose that you would have acted so absurdly as you did, both of you ? Of course, I wasn't going to betray the girl's secret to you, or to any man alive." "But you have done it all the same," he said. " Yes, I put you in the way of finding it out, certainly. But I wasn't going to say to you, dear good generous young man, take pity on thiB young woman who has fallen m love with you, and if you are really in love with her prythee be kind enough to tell her so." " Well, we have muddled it among us." "Excuse me; we have not muddled any thing ; at least, I have not muddled it. You and she may have done a good deal of muddling between you; but I have not. I have done my best to counteract the effects of your muddling, and will still do it." " What would you have me do now ?" "Go to her—go to her at once—this minute, and tell her all. Tell her that you are in love with her and that you know she is in love with you." " And she will say I am too late; she will say she is pledged, and promised, and engaged, and all the rest of it to Lisle." ".Tell her that she must break it off. Tell her she shall not marry him. Don't hesitate or allow her to think for a moment that you would hesitate. Prevent her from making her self unhappy just as you would prevent her from throwing herself out of the window. I suppose if you saw her going to throw herself out of the window you would not scruple about putting your arms round her waist to hold her back? Take my word for it you would do a much kinder thing to a girl like Camiola if you were to let her throw herself out of the window than if you were to allow her to marry George Lisle." "We don't live in the days of young Lochinvar, Mrs. Pollen," he said; "I wish to heaven we did. I wish I might take her up on my saddle and gallop off with her. But I am afraid Camiola," he felt his cheek grow hot as he spoke out her name in this way, "is not the sort of girl to stand being carried off in that kind of way. And then, don't you know, I am very much inclined to believe that she will think I have played her a shabby trick by getting her secret out of her in this way—this absurd disguise. I didn't think of it before in that light, but now it does seem to me an awfully mean thing to have done." " There!" said Mrs. Pollen. "I might have expected this. I put you in the way of know ing for certain that the girl you loveloves you; and my thankB is to be told that I have done a mean trick, which a woman of better bringing up would despise. I wonder any woman ever goes into any sort of enterprise with a man. Why, you pitiful creatures don't seem to under stand even the principle of honor among thieves. Since Eve was fool enough to try to please her shabby husband things were always just like that. Very eood, Mr. Komont, I have my reward. Settle the matter for your self." "No, no, don't be angry with me," he pleaded; " I didn't mean that or anything like that, but what was only kind and friendly of you to think of for our sake3, hers and mine, may not have been quite right for me to do. You see she's not a woman of the world." " Weil, well," Mrs. Pollen said impatiently, cutting him off in his explanation, "never mind about all that. I don't care whether you include me in your vote of censure or leave me out of it. I am quite willing to admit that both you and she are far too lofty in your natures and too refined in your scruples for this rough world altogether; andl don't feel myself by any means at home in such very superior company. Perhaps after all she had better marry Georgie Lisle. The boy is a very nice boy, m his way; and I dare say she'll get to be awfully fond of him in time. Anyhow we can't do anything more, can we? Now to come to a practical matter, what is to become of my Albanian Joseph? Does-he disappear from this moment, and how am I to account for bis coming like a shadow and so departing? Must I say he was a mere ghost; or shall I give out that I have packed him off to Albania again?" " As if it mattered," Komont said; " as if you or I cared about that! Come, Mrs. Pollen, don't be angry with me; I can't stand it; I must have you for my friend and on my side. You see how outspoken I am with you; I don't keep any of my thoughts from you." "All right," Mrs. Pollen said._ "lam not easily offended, and I am very easily appeased. Now about your scruples; must you tell your divinity the part you have playwl ?" "Oh, yes," he answered quietly but very fiimly; " I could not keep that from her. If I tell her what I know I must tell her how mI came to know it. Why, the whole strength of my. position is that I know it from her lips, al most; yes, it was really from-her owu lips. But in any case I would tell her." "Must you tell her now ?" "Now? Why, of course. At what other time could I tell her, if not now?" " After," Mrs. Pollen said coolly. "After what?" "Oh, you most stupid young man; after you are married, to be sure. It would be all right then." Romont positively colored like a girl. "Oh, no, that would never do; that would be a marrying under false pretences. Besides, I think it is very, very doubtful whether she will ever marry me at all. She isn't like other girls." "No girl ever is," said Mrs. Pollen. "Ever is like what?" "Ever is like other girls. At least, I ucver yet heard a man admit that the girl lie was matlied upon was one bit like other girls; and I never knew a girl who would admit or be lieve that she was like other girls. Well, you must only throw yourself upon her mercy. / wouldn't if I were you; but that's another matter." " What would you do ?" " Tell her that I loved her, and that I knew she loved ine; and that we were to be married, and not listen to a single word to the contrary. Show her that you meant what you said and were master, I wish I might do the love making for you." "No, thanks," Romont said, with a bright ening mile ; " I mean to do my love- making ail for myself." " Very well; but do it." No one could have been more surprised than Romont himself it he had been told that while he was arguing with Mrs. Pollen he was not perfectly sincere. He thought he was sincere; He believed he was giving expression to the truest feelings of his heart. But the moment he had left her, the moment he had fouud himself alone, then the real feelings broke out and overwhelmed all others. In the sublime egotism of the lover he yielded himself to the mere rapture ot the thought " she loves me ; sheloveB me; come what will she loves me; nothing can alter that." He did indeed feel a little alarmed and a little ashamed as to the part he had played; ashamed on his own account, alarmed at the thought of how Camiola might take it. He felt a little like another Claude Mel notte playing off a shabby trick at the expense of a beautiful and innocent girl. He began to think he had no more right to find out her secret by means of his mummer's disguise than he would have had to act the part of a spy on her or to open her letters. How would she take it ? Mrs. Pollen, of course, was abso lutely unscrupulous in such a matter, and could hardly understand Romont's scruples ; but would Camiola take that view ? Some times he felt certain that she would not; that she would resent the trick played oil on her. All the same he was determined that she must know it. But for that, he thought, she might be induced to break off her engagement with George Lisle; the disguise and tne discovery would make her pause, he feared. "Still she loves me," he told himself again and again; " she will never marry him," 