TRAINING NOTES, CAULFIELD DOINGS. BY MOZART. THIS Day, Saturday. Nothwitnfltnnding its boing a bright, calm morning the nags were very late in putting in au appearance. Mr Batty rode Deceiver a quiet round, brush ing home from the bottom turn, Umberto walking to the same place and following. Robin nnd Rossicution doing mild cxcrclBO on the sand, Banker putting in live or six rounds steady, Asiionoincr being treated t o two or three rounds steady. Mr Bcnce next stripped Velociprde and sent him a steady rouud, thcu striding aloug for a full inilo und a half at a very good worlriug gallop. Ho moves nice ami freely and looks the picture of health, Bruce was sent a strong half-mile, others of this team hot putting in an appearance. Mr Kelly had a couple, Garrick and Free trader, doing long quiet exercise. Mr Campbell treated Mozart, accompanied by Highland Chief, to a round at good half-pace. After covering a similar d stance quietly, Napoleon's Daughter and Bloudln cantered. Mr 'ioma cantered Hippogriff and Blink Bonny around, rushing home from the turn, The pair then moved along once round for good serviceable work. Solo and Louis co vered three-quarters of a mile at a fair pace, others of bis numerous strings not turning out up to my leaving, but since my last General Jackson was treated to some schooling over tho hurdles with Clifton, who fell at the last flight without any serious results. Grace Darling and Bonny Bell cantered and Hpurtcd. Tbc Ghost and others being treated to mild exercise. Garibaldi easily disposed of his two stable companions, Here Goes and The Beeswing filley over 8 furlongs. Melodious, The Stag, Ishmael, aud othors arc going steady. Mr Davis treated Camorluc and Mcerchautn to some half pace work, Ditto sweating freely tinder a couple of rugs, aud three or four medium rounds. Mr Seltnan sent Too Too nice serviceable work over a mile and a half. The Gift after canter ing ran home strong from the 5 furlongs. Mr F. Haywood sent Calma long steady work on tho pnud. Mr King gave Yanderbilt once round over the schoolers, at a fair pace finishing up with strong half-mile outside. Union Jrck is iu the paddock. Mr Rowo gave Grattan a strong round right- handed. Beaumont and The Prophet were treated to some schooling exorcise, they were both jumping wildly, tno escond round the latter tnrned a com plete somersault, which res ultcd in his being taken to tho kennels. This brought a very quiet morning to a close probably owing to so mauy of tho horses being engaged at FjlsternwiqU, 