. CORRESPQ NDENCE. \- The Puhlioan's Local "Option " (?), TO THB. EDITOR OF THE DAILY TELEGRAPH, Mvtits uirne and Knapp, two well-kooan least optioolstsa apprvred noespeeta ly aad uninvited at the puolioaos' meeting In Wooilocmoclcc last night. Tboy wetu com pelled to leave ... . . .. Sir,— The above brevity clipped from to-day's iasnof is (excepting that I wu unexpected) inaccurate, I reier yon to me following aavetttaomeitc watca appeared in your issue of the 20th instant :— To Pnb leant Generally —On Wsdne.dav, 9lrd Instant, meeting ct tnbllcins and otbers will be bald at Hooka's hotel, corner of Bonrke and Wllllsm a trees . Chair to bi Uken at 8 p.m. by W, T Oeonan, E«q„ M LA. Bus neis : Local Option. U. Modes, ban. sea., pro. tarn. Accepting this word "others" to apply personalty, I went by pnblic invitation. I was particularly cire- fnl to note that I was so, in terms of advertisement, signed by Mr Moore as hon. secretary ; aud as a private citizen, qnite apart from the honourable poaition— ot which I am prond— of honorary secre tary of the Local Option League, I had a porfect . right to be present. If not, all I can eay is I have been napping, under the . hallucination that I was living in a free country, I mnat confess that Mr Price and others said all that yon have reported, and a great deal more, which, tor the take ot those publicans who are not keeping their honees in conformity with the Licensing Act, I am sorry yon did not publish. I given mast emphatic denial to Mr. Price's state ment of the trnth of hlB remarks when " he alleged that in some of the circulars is«ned by that body thu opinions of John Bright and W. E. Gladstone were given in an nnfair light The whole meaning of the utteranoca of theee gentlemon had been altered by taking sentences and breaking them in half, and omitting qualify ing statements," And I at once throw down the gauntlet to him and, say, six " others" of hit calling to meet six " others" and'myself at a public meeting, not only to prove or disprove the question of the trnthfelness of these > extracts, but also to diseass the broad principle of foil local option from a purely political standpoint. But I have digressed. Whilst Mr Price was speaking, Mr Moore, the hon. secretary— for he I infer it was— came and naked me if I wanted to speak. Oa my saying "No, unless yon wish it," be then inquired my name, I replied "Knapp." " Ob," exclaimed Mr Moore. He then went round the room, I pre sume to tell his friends I was there. Of course, after Bnch a spirited denunciation of the conduct of tbe league, nud a broad hint from Mr Price that he wonld like to hear something in explanation re locxl option, Mr Byrne quietly asked permission to reply. I quits exonerate the chairman from any sympathy with " (he tyranny " of the seotion of the pnblicius I saw there last night. He spoke fairly and reasonably abont allowing anyone- to speak to the question of " Local Option " under disous9ion, so long as they behaved property and confined them selves to the sobject. I appeal to hint, and ask if there was any attempt by ne to speak until we were referred to? In vain did Mr. Ooonan rule that we had a right to speak. His decision was flatly ignored, and in the teeth of their own advertisement wo were told we were not wanted there. This, I now believe. Sinister motives and insinuations were levelled at ot. I most decline to believe that some of the clique (eome SO ont of 817 publicans) I had the misfortuoe to meet lost night fairly represent the calling, bnt if they do, then, I say, it ia high time for the benches of magistrates to see if they cannot place the power of the people. i.e., tho right to keep poblic-honses for the benefit of tho people, in better hands. Seeing tbe " tyranny " of thcEe publicans w«b Bnch that we had not the ghost of a chance to speak, I privately told the chalrmnn we wonld retire. Somo one wanted in elegant phraseology to " kick ns out." This, they dared not do. I hud a legal, as well as an invitation, right to be there. The boose is a public-house, and therefore as a citizen I have this right legally to go in-o any pnblio honse I please daring legal hoars. These houses exist by the leave of the people— no; otherwise— and for tbe use of the people | ' Qnite onteide my official capacity as hon. secre tary of tho Local Option League did I attend ; bat as the meeting last night referred to my position as ' I such, I now claim on behalf of the league, whisb | has on its roll members of nil religious aad noa- rcllgious bodies, members who are abstainers aad son abstainers, that yon will please give the fullest publicity to my letter. I may state that when we left the room we received a parting with " groaning which cannot be uttered," but no boaes wore broken. Had it not been for yonr " brevity," end the report of the licensed victuallers and local "option" (?) which appeared in yonr isane of to day, I inoa; car- i tainly wonld not have taken the trouble to notice this insignificant seotion of licensed victuallers. Of course I accept your statement " that tranquility was restored after tbe two offenders (?) left the room," bnt, take my word for it Mr Editor, before we did leave, and, of course, before all of taem heard from the ohair that I wee there, I heard a few of the publicans complain of "many of the public-hoase being condnctcd in a manner dtsgracefal to tbeir business," as well as a statement of the immense smonnt of sly grog selling being oarried on in honses of ill-fame, which have defied the police to cope with for the long period of 20 years ; that the police knew of this, and were powerless to pot a scop to this practice. Then the sooner tbe people insist, through the Parliament, on the passing of an Act to arm the police with sufficient power to pnnish those who so systematically break tbe law, the better it will be for the people and the law-abiding publican. ' Once more I challenge Mr Prioe and bis confreres, in the termB I have Btatsd, to hold an open pnblic meeting oh the qnrstion of fall local option. In cooclnslon, I ray I am a lccal optionist— not a prohibitionist— claiming the right of choice for those wbo are moderate drinkers as well as for those who, lute myseii, are rorai aostamers, — zonrs, £c„ EDWARD J. H. KNAPP, July 23, Hod. Nc, Local Option League, t-.ts,— ave ore seeking constitutionally for on amerdment of the Licensing Act, end Intend to per severe in agitating for tbe right of tho people to be b"""1 " 'be bar of the pablic, i.o., the Parliament,— H. J. H. If. 