CHAPTER XII.-"WILLIAM JONES IS SERIOUS. Tlie two men walked together through the darkness as far as the door of William Jones's hut ; then they . parted. Mr. Monk struck across the sandhills towards his own home, while Jones entered the door of his cabin. He would fain have found that cabin empty, for the memory of that last scene in the cave was still upon him, and made him as nervous as a child. ¿ut tho old man was there, and wide-awake, and evidently pleased at his son's return. "Where have you boen, William, dear?" said he. The question was innocent enough in itself, but it was full of hidden meaning for William Jones. ; " Where have I been ?" he repeated ; " at work, to be sure!" The tone of his reply startled the old man. He looked up, and Baw to his amazement that William was as white as a ghost, and trembling violently. ' . " What's the matter, William dear ?" ho asked eagerly, " Haye ye Been a wreck, my son ?" ! "No,.I ain't!" responded Iiis son, violently; " and look ye now, old 'un, you jest be quiet, and let me alone, that's all !" The old man, knowing his son's temper, did as he was told, and William continued to potter aimlessly, about tho room. He was certainly treinbhng very much, and. wás almost overcome with a nervousness for which he himself could not account. ' For he was no coward. To , get possession of a prize on the high seas ho would have* faced a storm which might well make bravo men tremble, not to mention that he know that he. had on moro than one occasion humanely hastened the end of shipwrecked sailors, whom he had found and pillaged on the Bhore. After these acts ho had been able to sleep tho sleep of virtue without being haunted by dead men's eyes. But now the caso was different. He had not to deal with a victim without friends, a man whose body, described as that of a "shipwrecked mariner,'' could be buried and forgotten without inore': ado. In all probability there would this time be a hue and . cry, and William Jones trembled lost his share in the ghastly business might ultimately be discovered. ' True, he was not actually the culprit, and so, even at the worst, he might escapo the gallows but to a mahof his; sensitive and affectionate nature the thought of transportation was not pleasant. It was this »that made him nervous this that made him start and tremble at every sound. . Presently a thought struck him. ; r i "Where's Matt?" ho asked. ! "Don't know, William dear; she ain't been here for -hours-and hours. Maybe she's on the shore." ;; '?' J : ! ". Maybe, she is-I'll" go and have a look,'.' re turned William. ; It must not be supposed for a moment that Willam Jones had become afflicted with a sudden and-tender.'.interest itt Matt--he merely wanted, to get quit of the cabin, that was all, and he saw in this* a reasonable excuse for wallang out alone. He ; aqcordingly made, his escape, and went wan dering off along the shore. . ! It was 10 o'clock when he returned ; he was still pale, and drenched to the skin. The old man was dozing beside the fire, and alone, i " Where's Matt ?" asked William again. " Ain't you seen her, William dear ? Well, she ain't hore." William- Jones did look a little uneasy this time, and it is but due to him to confess that hiß . uneasiness waa caused by Matt's prolonged absence. Erráticas she was .in her movements she had not been accustomed to staying out so t late, especially on a night when the rain was pour ing, and not a glimmer pf star or moon was to bo seen. .? . '? , I Wonder what Bhe's a doin'of ?"? said William ; ' '.' suppose Fd best wait up for her. Here, old man, you go to bed, d'ye hear-you ain't wanted anyhow.",, ... . ;.' \ . . I The old. man accordingly; went to bed, and William sat np to await Matt's return.' He sat beside the hearth, looked ; into the smouldering fire, and listened ? to the rain as1 it poured down steadily upon the roof. . Occasionally he got .up, and went to the door ; he could, see nothing, but he heard the patter, of the failing rain, and the low dreary moan of troubled sea.. Hour after hom? passed, and Matt did not como. William Jones bogan to doze by tho fire-then ho sank; into a heavy Bleep. He awoke with'a start, and. found that it was broad daylight. The fire : was out, the rain had ceased to fall, and the morning sun was creeping in* at the windows. He looked around, and saw that he waa still alone. He went into Matt's room-it was empty. She had not returned. .He'was now filled with a, va gue uneasiness. He made up a bit of fire, and was about to issue forth again ia search of the; truant, when all fixrther trouble was saved him-the door opened, and Matt herself appeared. ...,"...< \- She seemed almost as much disturbed as William Jones himself,. Her face was Very pale, her hair wild, her dress in great disorder. She started on seeing his; then, assuming rather a devil-may-care look, she lounged in . . 1 " You're up early, William Jones/' she said. "Yesj I am up. early," he replied gruffly; 'cause ' why ?-'cause I ain't been to bed. And where have you been ?-jeBt you. tell me that." Why-I've-boen out, of course 1" returned the girl defiantly. ," That won't do, . Matt," returned William tfoneth Come, jfittfll jeBt tell me whërei you've . , W& Tint tÄnWi M till ' hight' fóV nothing." The girl gave him a look half of defiance, half of curiosity j then sho threw herself down, rathor than sat, lipon a chair. " Fm tired, I am," she said ; " and htrngry and cold !" " Will you tell- me where you've been, Matt ?" cried William Jones, trembling with suspicious alarm. ^ "'Course I will, if you keep quiet," said the girl in answer. " There ain't much to tell nei ther. I were away along to Pencroes when the heavy raia came on, then I lay down behind a haystack and fell asleep, and when I woke up it was daylight, and I come home." William Jones looked at her steadfastly and long; then, as if satisfied, ho turned away* About an hour later he left the hut and walked along the shore, straining his eyes seaward. But instead of looking steadfastly at ono spot, as.his custom was, he paused now ami again to gaze uneasily \- about him!, At every sound ho started and turned pale. In truth, he wa3 becomingj a veritable coward-afraid almost of tho sound of his own footsteps on tho sands. 